RT : One of the reasons I tend to let my beard grow in is that going after my facial hair is like trying to shave Brundlefly.
is feeling the urge to travel and give readings. any suggestions on where to take this book tour?
Is imitation flattery or validation? Both?
Interesting discussion of stand-off markup (opposed to inline), allows for overlapping and contradictory tags. Used in CATMA
Thank you
your really sexy I will give my left nut to hook up wit u for a NIGHT!") YOU GOT OOVOO
lovely image in the Newspace B&W exhibit.
Guys follow if you are mahomies and always support Austin whatever he do(;
Yet I hear this kid is having a big game.
I have Say Somethin by stuck in my head because its such a great song(: Great Job Austin<3
hahaha..yes it's very educational <U+30C4>
RT 2 other book suggestions: Silver Sparrow by Tayari Jones and 32 Candles by Ernessa T. Carter
#YourSexIsWEAK if the neighbors dont complain
Any #UFC fans out there? Watch Valaquez VS Dos Santos while enjoying Amber's extended Happy Hour this Saturday Nov.12th from 6PM-10PM 21+
tip taken down mentally and noted on exit n entry door. Haha
Spring speech contest last night at my Toastmasters club. Such great stories! It's a powerful thing to be part of such a great group.
Yay! It's Thursday.
More daily Govt lies: Obamacare won't cause rationing, will not increase costs, Holder not racist, US supports Israel, Pres has debt plan.
She was great as a war correspondent. Too bad. Done.
You can either take a vacation or be the mayor of Corner House. You pick.
We're coming closer to narrowing down on a theme for the 2012 spring lecture series. Any thoughts? Or speaker suggestions?
I defiantly need a new job something a lil less physically demanding.
oh well I'm sorry. It's just disagreements with my mama and I.
#GRAMMYGlam really cool site for Grammys fashion- meets music.
Megan Fox is pregnant. There go my fantasies.
: And more importantly, love people for WHO they are. #nohate #nojudgement #nocondemnation *salutes the roman empire*
Cant figure out how to upload pictures on the tweetphoto thing. HELP!
Picture law students who want everything to have right & wrong answers. :)
New Hallmark Signature Collection A Distinctive Experience
The ladies and men in Aurora at Catholic Charities - now Salvation Army - fight hunger every day with compassion and strength. Show love.
Got some nice new strings on my classical guitar ready to rehearse with the Hendersonville Oasis Worship group tomorrow.
Guess who is the newest 2012 season ticket holder!!! This guy that's who!!!
I want to be with my friends. I want to be with you. I want us sitting outside listening to music and laughing. I don't want to worry.
so excited! Looking forward to working on some projects with you
#NRAShow come see the Bottoms Up Beer Dispenser at the Beer Tubes Booth #548 & the Anheuser-Busch Booth
Its terrible when im awake late at night and the person I was talking to falls asleep on me.
Good evening ladies!
Once in a while or every morning just send your girl a good morning text message. It's the thought that counts the most!
Good Morning Vegans This morning I am making a banana Caramel just for you M Delicious
thanks so much for the follow! If you are ever in the market for a new mattress you now have a Mattrezzz Guy!
Frank McNulty to #LPR2011 - reducing spending is the right thing to do in
Rolling Stone and TMZ confirm that Adam Yauch of the Beastie Boys has passed away due to cancer. He was 47.
golden retrievers.
interesting. “: Manchester: Want to bring a TV station and/or radio station into the U-T's headquarters.”
WATCH IT NOWWW! where r u that u cant see it! its ssoooo god so far. he's so fucking sexy
Mandalas created by the patients of Carl Jung, psychiatrist.
Sleep is my drug, my bed is the dealer, and my alarm clock is the police.
i watched the whole thing of america best dance crew season 6 on tr3s
Do not forget small kindnesses and do not remember small faults.
Yeah, I definitely need to get new shoes this weekend... As soon as I take them off, my shin stops hurting when I walk...
Yes, quite the picture...
I now officially have the worse nickname ever omg
I realize it's holiday so I'll be having another one! When are you leaving town again?
alright i will do that lol i got a couple in mind:P
is your site getting so much traffic that it's down? It'snot coming up at all (even after a few page load refreshes via F5 key)
Either someone got me for my can of fruit cocktail or I'm loosing my mind. Let me find out that somebody has been on my desk...
I'm sorry to hear that! Be well.
aww...that's the best!
Bundle up Friday am in immediate area, bitter cold (wind chills to -20°F) to pack a bite. Expect "warmer" 20's & 30's by weekend.
sure there is. 1. Theyre online. And 2. Your credit score goes up when they're paid off just saaaayyying.
oh jeeze i just want my boy to be home. not till midnight poo.
thas what i thought....gonna be tough to get into that. we'll see.
Like many women my age, I am 28 years old.
"Midnight in Paris"screenplay by Woody Allen
Now that I have an iPad, I do, too.
Hi tweet me.
Not ruined. *Made awesome.* (actually making my way through TNG myself at the moment as well.)
Goal 1: get to work on time. Check (early even!). Goal 2: no coffee. Fail.
When things aren't going my way, I just read 's tweets & imagine we're friends.
i blame heath ledger
I'm allergic to the, FAKE! :)
just the fact that u are sending one up for me is good enough.
Courtside Shots: Lil Wayne, Drake, Nicki Minaj, Chris Brown and More at the 2012 NBA All-Star Game [PHOTOS]
About 4 tables due west. I can see from here. Full disclosure: we're a bit rowdy already
& u know this man!
Beach was beast (y) look like a tomato :o sunburn /:
Yep. Love that resource.
Olin Miller~ You probably wouldnt worry about what people think of you if you could know how seldom they do.
wow..probably shouldn't laugh, but I am
#Np - Mama Africa
We! You can send it to the bar. 2332 2nd Ave Seattle WA 98121. Thanks and anytime!
I <3 nice people!
ill take hair and anal leakage. does that mean my wife would be Bigfoot?
Water circulates through human body, transporting, dissolving, replenishing nutrients and organic matter,while carrying away waste material.
Mm , all cozy in bed while my Bestfriends are at school >> Lol c: I miss you guys be there tomorrow (:
I wish I didn't have to wait so long to get my tattoo. I'll be dreaming about it every night until I get it!
whats the name of the app
singing through the live version of the set in my head because I know where most of the explosions/flames are haha
I hate anxiety. It totally mess up my day! Anyone know of any home remedies?
The googles led me straight to the apple store today to people watch all the wannabe iphone 4g owners.
The concert was real dope<33 was awesome!
wyd sorry is Late .
3 more days until the greatest summer of all time!
Thank you for your insights tonight on
Please let me know if you decide to!
I need me some Walffes right now!(:
#SocialMedia101 tomorrow 8:30am, come get helpful tips from & DM us for more info!
that's ur opinion but most women side with Amne and not the liberal elites
same old. Give ANY other team our possession and shots and they win all the time. This springs collapse will take us down to 6th
The boys and girls in the clique, the awful names that they stick. You're never gonna fit in much, kid.
No problem..I have a short story series too..I'm going to check yours out. Would love it if...
yes, but you want to be known as a thought leader, so just being online can make it or break it
My parents got coldplay tickets without me.. So much for favorite daughter #whatisthismadness <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BF><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Food for thought,
Thanks for the RT!
aw thanks! I am sad though, tickets were gone right at 10am :(
Which teams will make it to Super Bowl XLVI??
Now performing at the Governor's Arts Awards: Euclid Quartet, Indiana University South Bend.
ok cool, got a Esperanza Spalding show to attend on the 2nd of may
not at ALL embarrassed to love NCIS marathons on USA. Really. Not at all. True FACT.
Portland Meadows will match earnings that "Taylor Jones" accrues to $10,000 to the Bald Faced Truth Foundation which helps local youth.
Heey I saw on the news the other day that there was some acsidant or something on Thailand.Were you near?
I’m Standing Up to end poverty today with Pls RT and join me.
Way to keep on fighting #Bruins that's the team I know and love!
Silly woman... Men arent as dumb as u think. U just showed me that women are worst than men when it comes to relationships
Sweet number 9...
<U+200F>RT If you have a podcast, radio show or webinar, would you kindly consider captioning it for deaf and hard of hearing folks?
#Ticketmaster Convenience charges suck more than bad Amazon recommendations
Good morning VOLS! There's a bright orange sunrise in Knoxville today.
It is, eh?
From , unreal: Jamie Moyer pitched more than 500 innings before today's opponent - Madison Bumgarner - was born in 1989.
Sometimes the most comforting thing is hearing someone's stoner giggle that you miss dearly from far away & another time in life.
It was not me, but I several doppelgängers.
Good morning! See you in about an hour at the 1st game of the day. Morse-Marshall vs MSL @ 10:30 a.m.
lol what he yapping about
Hey ladies! When's our next outing? :)
follow me so i can DM you :)
Waiting on returns from LoCo precincts that aren't certifiably insane.
and a hangover and lack of cigarettes and nerves about weird friendship crap.Actually, the coke isn't sounding like a bad idea at this point
Jelena broke up??
Reason 5: #indiana ranks 3rd in the U.S., behind MA and NJ, in its quotient of skilled life sciences workers.
Katten's Glen Donath on #Edwards indictment: Surprising & distressing that gov't has brought charges, considering it's novel theory on case
Djing at the saint tonight!
We can now claim to have passed through the correlationist circle.
hahah, thank goodness it's not.
Falling asleep. Can't.Keep.My.Eyes.Open.
why its not like you can dance or anything lol jkjk
fantastic. I'm there from 2/1-2/15 and Vegas 12th and 13th. Are you shooting something out there?
Why are all the shows I watch now so CRAZY & DRAMATIC??
What's up with the Philadelphia school closings?
Fire is within two miles of low-level radioactive waste barrels that #LANL assembled for transport to WIPP.
Almost Done packing,, I hope i have everything ,Or else tomorrow morning will be a nightmare finding what I have to bring! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Not having a fantastic technology day. Who needs computers and phones anyways?
why thank you(:
wooohooo! can't wait, ma'am :)
I’m so happy to see so many people that joined the Revolution! GCP “emotobooks” rock. They’re a new group, but growing. Awesome!
Can we just take Kris and Danny and Lucy and whoever else and move to Seattle, por favor? That sounds like awesomesauce atm.
": Reading on this couch all day is what i have done... wow." My tweet was in reference to this haha
u look amazing :)
hope it went well. Still uptown. Mb Sunday?
hey cuz what u did loser
haha troll toll?
Is there a reason MKG is not playing?
Your role in Facebook millions: you get to watch Mark Zuckerberg spend it.
u know what they say..
Bummer Frontier is cutting MKE Flight to NYC.
let's start with how that brag wasn't even trying to be humble, shall we? :-)
I use search.creativecommons.org almost every day, at work and home. Thank you for such a great tool.
Current project underscores the importance of ACTUALLY GOING THERE when conceiving/reporting/producing a map.
Clyde Christiansen was there representing the Colts, nothing to worry about
Or stealing from them.
I almost got in to a fight with this girl thats spreading shit about my friend and I <U+E40E> i was about to knock her out<U+E00D><U+E334> she was lucky
you around Chicago to look at apartments - are you currently searching?
have fun shadowing
I'm just gone cut u off ..point______
"Dance For You" by Bey is one of the rawest songs. Ladies, take notes on how to keep a nigga happy.
I want a haircut
Thanks Bonnie!
im' studying for finals already?
why can't the number of hot dog buns/ hot dogs ever be multiples of each other instead of off by one?
Rough #MillerParkOpener for the crew. Best thing about baseball is we get another chance to beat the Cards tomorrow! Go Brewers!
I didn't know you could feel this happy so fast! It hasn't even been a week!!
right on !
Sorry Dani, but ROFLMFFAO. DAMN I wish I had a big ol' salty margarita right now! :)
Of course you're #confused. That's what I mean. You wander around as if you're at some concert all the time.
I think knowing all of the lyrics to you and me is finally going to pay off this year
Just curious: Is anyone using their anthropology degree to teach social studies?
"High praise."
is Alicia better than you?
I'm actally looking forward to this school year #seniors20fucking12bitches :)
Traffic traffic lookin for my chapstick
This movie Tamara is ridiculous. LOL
haha I miss u
Party in the studio tonight! #MixNationwide #Mix933 800-657-8059 is the number. Feel free to blow it up
I'm planning to watch a shuttle launch on TV on the 29th. There is something else happening that day? ;) Good Luck.
One has to face fear or forever run from it
Whats your favorite drink???
Black ass women, i am scared of them!! lol
Main event reminded me of GSP/Shields. Not good for the sport.
Anyone else remember when the Orange Bowl halftime was billed as the greatest halftime show in football or some such moniker?
Andre Miller's hair <
Here's what I don't understand: if I'm never home, how does my apartment get to be such a mess?
If isn't just a joke then why am i dead
SlaughterHouse is the truth....
Oh I love you to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
I swear when I see your Bitchass we gon throw some heads ..real shit
if you've got time come by BPL - check out the new map center, etc., digital stuff, etc.
GO FOLLOW
RT : I want wine and OE's
New logo is coming out nicely. Can't wait to unveil it
Is that a real argument or just actors rehearsing?
I really cant stop thinking about you!
saw yall rock the fuck out of STL a couple weeks back...loved the 10 minute guitar solo
i want some shrimp for dinner .
Looking forward to the #GPPCMA meeting tomorrow! Who else will be there?
The more things you do, the more you can do." -- Lucille Ball
I'll be rocking a suit as well. Dr. A hasn't askd me to call him Ted yet so I probably can't get away with much :p
I feel like there is a hole in my life for missing that! Happy NY!
good luck to #tpedge pro who is 25/500 in the TCOOP Main Event and recording from the first minute for TPE
Finishing loading the truck. Looking forward to seeing our friends in Grand Rapids for the Michigan Music Conference.
Time to get back ontop of UK martial arts scene! Bring on every tournament! Any rules! I am on my way back to the top!
You can get gift cards and stuff like that
all the buffets in dc are pay by the pound, not all you can eat.
i feel like I haven't seen you with the guys in ages :/
That whole I text you first you text me first middle school junk gets in my damn nerves like does it really matter just talk to eachother!!
Yo those ain't no damn mashed potatoes
Awesome spring break with and my crazy bud !!!
MVC3 looking great i cant wait
HAPPY BIRTHDAY & <333
Watching #nicolascage in #driveangry and it is really violent
moving a little slow today
Morehouse Professor Dr Lutenbacher was such and awesome and honest subject for a film.
We have 4 left but they are going fast!
good hood morning -the papers
Counter negativity with a positive influence!
Ask me about my "Music Connection" business as well as my "house concert series" would love to tell you more.
Learn about career opportunities in int'l relief & development @ the International Rescue Committee info session today, 4:30-5:30, MGC 200
My mom lectures so much.
Hello :D
My take is that Shannon was an impish fellow who knew just what he was doing in appropriating the term -- a catachresis
SHE A FAMOUS SINGER / HAD THE HIT SONG SHE WORK HARD FOR THE MONEY
Today feel like Saturday
it was a long time coming. Maybe a few more until I'm satisfied :-)
": Congratulations mama!!!" Thank you!! ;D
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. <U+0097>Mahatma Gandhi
man so tired but i dont feel like movin
where u going? I'm flying too <U+2708><U+2708>
hahahaha <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>>o—< "I'm peeta I could hold heavy things!" hahahaha random!
Stomach still feels a bit weird, but no puking today. Phew.
is honored to b a guest speaker on two business calls tonight!
Another big night at mercadito with ChiIL Productions! After-party at Board Room ChiIL Productions at the door!
twitter was over capacity at 8 something -_-
ohh hahah noo(: since its a TT i said we go together<3 buut like noo were not together:b I WISH;<U+2665>
Hello? There will be no bullshit today. Goodbye.
Good morning, I'm just waking up. Wow. What a night . Now reality sets in. Omg! Did I do anything last night I might regret? Lol he he he
Yeah..Its really very Delicious!
No whammies!
"From her cowboy boots to her down home roots..."
I'd like to see a profile or at least one tweet before I follow you. Thanks! :)
A little early but some very cool things are happening with Distortion. Time for people to see it.
i miss your euphemisms.
#thingsthataresexy TATTOOS Yummy
I really feel like the best part of walking my neighbor's dogs is that they don't have to come home with me LOL No hair!!
Stop sending this to me
I can't wait to feed you punk.
RT ": Congrats to my bro :-) now we gota spark up since were both getting money"
Is that a pretty big crowd usually?
I want to know why they spend *enormous* amounts with *big* agencies staffed by those same shiny youths.
Just getting started! RT Laura Breeden says we want to understand continuum of broadband subscribership.
would looooooovvvveeeeeeee to come to your show. ;)
In just 20 mins I can either study or play diablo 3.. O such a big decision. Haha not.
Thats Just Trey
That was so nice of you to say! Seriously.
Chandler Rd. in Hermitage temporarily closed both ways due to a wreck in front of Dodson Elementary.
get out of here. If I did get you one I'd make it #teammongoloid official with a bunch of muscle milks in it
I absolutely love days like today
Awesome! We're finishing up our entrees now. Will be closer to 9:30.
I'm just glad that their initial installation of TVs moved AC to do the same.
I'm watching from Lawrence, KS. Go Hawks!
Thanks out to Joel and Max @ Nevada Bob's. Love the new RBZ irons and fitting
I need a Closing coordinator ASAP. If you know someone please let me know 786-486-7233
Unleash the fury!!
Link me, I wanna see this shit go down. xD
Log on to face book, sees pictures of babies and miller park. Instantly want to gouge my eyes out. ENOUGH!!!
Back in the day when I stayed in on a Saturday night the Tequila industry would suffer mass lay offs.
Cinnamon Life will forever be in my heart. Going strong since the 90's.
plz shout out so i can have more more followers
On then off
Im good taking care of my family and writing
Love the bad breath burger! Hope u did 2 I suggest a visit to Marigold Kitchen for breakfast before the farmer's market Sat
Happy holidays to all our friends and family!
I just bust this bitch & it got bigger
What's the best product to stream movies from my computer (amazon prime) to my tv? Dawson's Creek is much more powerful on the 46" screen.
Very cool that I can say I have marched with, taught or taught with, 19 of 32 members of #PrideofCincinnati12 I hope that made sense.
Union-organizing flick "Norma Rae" being continually rented and reserved at Madison's Bongo Video. Other union titles also hot.
biggest threat to the world are humans who watch the Kardashians.
Do the days seems to fly by? Does time seem to pass more quickly? it is. Our Milky Way is speeding up. #dark matter #dark energy
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!!!
please follow me? You are a big inspiration to me! Thanks! Ti Amo ! <3
If someone gives you a shot please don't sip it...
Seek advice from the experts. Find a coach or a mentor.
no worries! glad to hear it :)
New SWORD Y U NO RAISE
STOP PRESSURING ME!
I am not #Speaker anymore
You put up a hell of a fight Jeff!
Max, vic is a fear indicator
RT Well....content AND conversion! ;) #cbrally... That's the hard part...
Welded a moving sculpture today...a butterfly that flaps it's wings in the breeze!
Thank god! lays out roadmap for why TV's New Girl=FAIL. Caricature doesn't work on TV-duh. We live in a post-The Wire world.
what do you mean?! like im getting there probably around 5 since doors open at 6!(:
I am! Mcongerokc
And follow !
I love how i ask to go eat, and mom tells me to get ready, and we dont even go eat. Yeah im not hungry or anything.
Rangers up 1 point in the 3rd quarter! Hopefully this doesn't have to go to penalty kicks.
MAHONE MADNESS :D
move here with me do we can have sex
that is quite the new patient gift !
i think i should go someplace for vac without my bf. 'cause my ass fucking hurts
Let's go #Mets, let's go #Rangers!
So Happy for you Friends!! The Lord Provided and this Project is going to be Amazing!! Can't wait :-)
thanks for the follow! Glad u were able to come by.
Why is it called AVI anyway? I always thought it was called Twitcon.
Dear Hollister.. Why do my shorts have to be short short SHORT at work?! My legs aren't that sexy..
New submission are in, go to youtube.com/thegreataudition and vote
I wanna go home and play Minecraft :(
This is how it always ends.
I just want love... That's all I want!
I am a new twitter Follow me follow And back;) Please everyone
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
im on this train wit a select few DETSINATION:GREATNESS!
good morning Madison! Hope you have a wonderful day! <3
Leave it to ovi to still try and score while he's down on his ass.
Thank you for following me. Much appreciated:
If your a fan of the Talk Your Shit video can you please take the time to reshare it on your page! Thanks for the love and support! #Tayo <3
#Mousepads for Commercial lenders are available! It's a limited time and seeing how they ran during christmas I would order soon by message!
Thanks for bringing in ! Hope you both have a great weekend
This bike is going to be out of here ASAP.
true. :/ that was pretty hard for you to break up with him.
depends on which one LOL
So won like I said he was. :)
so what am i doing here
And I lie if I don't feel so right, but the world looks better through your eyes.
I't d be nice to see this running game continue
Say "yes" and show up.
The feeling is mutual! I'm looking forward to more visits!
Just did a good deed! :) (to compensate for all the shit I do) lol
and he is terrible.
Austin marry me already. he is so freaking cute. Asdfghjkl
I'm Not Ashamed of what CHRIST has done in MY Life! I confess my SINS. GOD gives ME and YOU eternal LIFE not man. Seek Christ my Friends.
Thanks for the follow.
What do you call a mailman's car? There's policecars and firetrucks...but what do mailmen drive??:o
Be beautiful AND help kids in our community Visit Planet Beauty and support Kids' Potential & CASA!
There is nothing worse than pouring a bowl of cereal, then finding out that you are out of milk.
Don't ever f**king bully anyone. And just so you know, karma has everybody's address and a mother f**king stamp. - Lady Gaga
I usually have Spotted Cow. I had a few at Studio Lounge in Bay View on Thursday night.
Deep doubts, deep wisdom; small doubts, little wisdom.-Chinese Proverb
give me a saturday night my baby by my side, a little hank jr. and a six pack or light <3
u need to sit down sum where
The new St Vincent album is really great. Even when it's not working 100% it's super unique and interesting, great work
So far Spring break is boring. -_-
ayy i need some mo shirts #300 the movement
No! I don't know what is happening!
And that's why you work on a campaign! RT : Turf cutting makes me happy.
Enjoying my favorite BBQ in the patio at
Linus' blanket. Damn.
Are there any issues with beanstalk this afternoon? Getting strange check in errors.
SO much going on this week. I hope I can keep up!
U Inspire us. You inspire me
Morning H-Town.....Damn I'm ready for football
Yeup, imlate. Im supposed to be at the certain place by 7:33. This is so irritating.
900!!!! Thanks for all of you out there helping us grow our page! Almost 1K!! Welcome to the team Daisy Baustista and Jacob King!
haha don't know. showed 'damaged' for a while, then hear from joe it's torched. it was an AC20, but joe's remaking it a deluxe
how about Omimgwtt
Definition of Gay is not 3 shirtless basketball players. The definition of gay is sleeveless shiny silver shirt yesterday.
Oh heck yes. Dina needs some Suavamente and Brazilian drinks!
I hear that guys a dick :0
You know calculus? Ah, I knew you would catch me on that, your mother will teach you calculus...
Uh... I think you are just having bad scrapple. There are good and bad kinds, you know!
what a great question! Let me know when you get the answer.
thanks for the shout out!
great article on Dealing w Officials. Thank u for the insight!
Haha yes sir! See you soon! :)
#teamfollowback I need 10 more followers!! help? I'll do anything :)
that's what we like to hear! Thank you!
If you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all. That's why I have tweeted in like....FOREVER. I'm a total
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
Just met with pal at the #MKE shindig. Seeing 1st song of , then back to work.
WITH OR TO..I FUCKING FOR GOT THE SONG IS SO OLD. JESUS
RT- music at school/// If you're bored you need to learn something new. Keep press in into music and see where it takes you
Make sure to eat some brunch before you watch your sporting event of choice today!
Bob Lenz paraphrases Erin Brockovitch's Bayview speech, on the road to college success: "Persistence & determination are omnipotent (PDO)"
it's delish! Make the trip out here one day and we can go! :)
Assuming we can find some containers to store and sell out of, we're definitely going to have iced coffee and tea this weekend.
#Imagine Liam hugging you tightly from behind and whispering:"You mean the world to me. I love you.'' *Kisses your cheek*
bare foot weirdos
i got 85% of it done...still have the last 3rd of the script to work on this week.
Already in bed..chilling to this Taylor Allderdice..good so far!
No fair! The Pulitzer for fiction should have totally gone to "The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs."
Im such a loner
1st yes, 1st smile, 1st against or final farewell - can be just as courageous as 1st up the hill.
Bob Barr has a mustache, but he's the only one I can think of.
I can't keep a straight face when someone tweets about penguins...
I would love to!
Small update to the portal pushed out today: API page, more information on job status and system status
Happy Birthday my love. I hope you had a great week. =] Be safe tonight. Next year... Vegas??? =O
whaaaaaa!? What happened to next Thursday!?
Oh Yeah!!
God asks no man whether he'll accept life. That is not the selection. You need to take it. The lone question is how.
I hate being woke up when I still have 5 min to sleep on my alarm! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Damn you delicious Girl Scout #cookies!
So after whats happened to me, the interview and all, I hope that in the new year you get what you want, what you really want +
May the peace be with you!....I mean hi! "Turn around and meet someone new. Just like in church! "- #wcmia”
Grandpa's looking FADED
"Low Battery, connect charger!" Um, you're a smart phone, connect yourself.
Stay safe in the snow!
That was the most annoying noise I've ever heard. It didn't even sound like you were eating, just like a clicking noise.
You'll need a concealer palette. Not sure if it's water proof, but you can use Final Seal to hold it.
He is so cute! I love it! I feel like he was really sharing some big information...
Hey friends! We are brainstorming for new products... Would anyone be interested in hand-crafted headbands?
I think i succeeded in finding Frederick Douglass' tax records this morning. whoop whoop.
your parents ARE funny - you just don't get the joke yet. :)
There are consequences you may be faced to live with for the rest of your life. There are non-believers around you at all times.
100% original tees & hoodies for 100% fans. Devoid of posers & artificial ingredients since 1993. Drivn Apparel.
Try a Chocolate Almond croissant-all butter croissant filled with imported chocolate & almond paste!!
done I LOVE Derek!!!!
All day, everyday!
current awareness session - cool! Thanks Amy and Beth!
DAYUM thats for you and the bitches.
Im not supposed to be hungover
Want to learn more about Product Development. We will be at #CES2012 this year. Send us a #DM if you will be attending the show.
Any word on any friendlies with #SportingKC ???
ya you do. Mayhaps I should change my name to Dave
That awkward moment web u walk in a store. Find something you like. Then there is no cashier?
I will be playing solo piano at F Scott's Feb. 7th!
I got an iPhone, now I need a fun case right
#PAA2012 #SanFran bound. Poster sessions today and Saturday.
on like donkey kong
When I travel outside of Los Angeles, I turn into a huge travel nerd. Cant help it.
Into chapter five...going well. Overcast today...Guess no summer here this year.
did you see the sailboat?
Peach rings are the shit ..
Heres to Monday morning...
Beach Day! I'll try not to burn.
Yep, blame the hitting coach. ": Albert Pujols makes 1st major impact with #Angels as he gets the respected Mickey Hatcher fired."
Prudential Connecticut Realty Acquired By Berkshire Hathaway Affiliate
It's free.
the chief-learner model also gives us the chance to show our students what mindfulness looks like
Man people just put all of their business on twitter. Great site to find out how a person really feels about you
maintenance-try-not-to-think-about-BAD-CITY-tweet.
any of y'all ever see that movie "my date with the presidents daughter"? it made me cry when I was 14...
Allergic to fish (not shellfish) like me? You can still get your omega-3's thru a vegetarian source
Like a real smoothie.
G.M.N.I.: Caress a woman's mind & you'll make her legs tremble.
So excited for our team. Won the Silver Bernays Award for Reputation/Brand Management on behalf of at
- Thank you for following TDF Limousine. Your family & blog is beautiful (gave a Top Mommy vote).
omg this paycheck was my best one in 3 years
Film Festival is on my agenda this weekend #smgirlfriends Hope your's it great! See you at
I'm NEVER going to let someone get close to me like you did.
Good luck! When is your race?
Hoilday Inn Town Lake - Back in room now. Maybe I should just sleep in my clothes in case someone else barricades themselves in their room!
thanks James. Working my video this weekend !
#MUSICINTERVIEWS Bombay Bicycle Club - Jamie MacColl
Didn't expect to get much sleep anyway since I've been going to bed like at 4 every night.. W.e wish me luck getting up at 6 tomorrow -_-
I had to get you.
Thanks! It's going well, should be an interesting conversation to follow. 7 tables of faculty in an existential mode
Facebook connect and integration to be implemented soon!
Cool! Don't forget to text to win so you can watch #MarchMadness live from yr phone (sorry, Molly's boss: she'd never do that!)
Um it's my half birthday... So everybody do what I say <U+E312>
getting my pics downloaded
I've had spotty luck with the bags. 1/2 of them just reinflate! But I will try. We usually use trashbags for pillows, etc.
bebe guns, 5k's and quiche. hybrids, tanning and tennis.
Whats your point? :)
Just 3 hours til the Great Central US Shake Out. Do you know what to do in an earthquake? Their website has all the details.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "SKIPPER" to the bartender and your first drink is free. mahalo
Wedding today. Im 21. No better excuse to be stupid
Chris Paul is back in the game. This one's a wrap.
do you love my sister ? #AskTom she loves you!
well you got your first ones out of the way, you are ready. Nobody cares what I say but I do anyway. Ha
Oops, I meant for the last tweet to come from this account :)
ha if the Nba and the refs don't want to make the right calls the basketball good will.
Laws that limit citizens inherently give governments more power, and that's rarely a good thing.
if you have a hyphin in your first name your parents deserve to be shot
cold. Nashville sounds good right now
Been busy working on the site - just went live today. Will absolutely send you an email later this week.
R.I.P MCA Adam Yauch Beastie Boys REAL hip hop
Haha somebody ran on stage!!
real talk cuz, real talk
Just crossed the Alabama border greeted by 71-cent coffee, mooing cows and a road too rural to provide a state border sign.
Im preforming May !^ 5pm bra come check it out its gone be dope and its gone smack. its gone be opportunities too to talk biz
If X2/X9 was & Dir Belamy's morning commute, I bet would be finished yesterday.
haha! Mine's a lion family! These Mexi-blanks are like drugs in blanket form. :)
Maybe it's time to burn some bridges...
RT : Thanks for attending and for all your SoFab efforts!
Keith Shamburger of Serra HS in CA and U of Portland recruit is real
Listened to Carrie Underwood's new album on iTunes… It is amazing!
lol congrats. they are super easy.
You need to be in HTML mode inside WordPress to embed videos.
Never understood the reason to make a hate account.You obviously like them if you're taking time out of your day to think about them.
in case your moms haven't told you, next Sunday's my late birthday lunch! :)
Duuuuuuuuuudeeeeeee. When people ignore you.
Means exoteric how I wore it. Exoticness.
Registration for The Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K is 46% ahead of last year's. Sign up, race is Nov 6, 2010
That's why you don't see me energetically posting any pictures of piles of signs in my office...
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen you tweet lyrics..:)
Hey guys, we're looking at a SF Giants vs Padres game on Sun April 29th @ 1PM. Possible tailgate in the pking lot like last time. Who's in?!
Just saw that website got a cool makeover! nice redesign!
never!!!! Not from you
Can't wait till meek mills mix tape tomorrow
Finally off work!!
playing the Weeknd right now <3
ADD YOUR COMMENTS TO
I really hope people in japan speak english lol ima be eff'd if they dont
sure thing. I just happened to complain to my doc about it one day and he told me to try it, other options but it works for me.
I will be there... not as one of the #social46... Just as the guy that provides drinks and snacks...haha
. Thanks, Jim! So pleased to have your support.
"in my own way" thank you baby girl
RT : haven't mailed them yet... Been busy! Sorry love// I figured since you're major now!! Po turtle done 4got me
this site made me lol
Don't eat yellow snow...
epic movie was epic
o'course mandy.
Brightstar Expands Test, Repair And Remanufacture Services Through Strategic Alliance With GENCO ATC Brightstar Corp., a global
Met the local distributor of Gabbarsingh here in Washington. It is doing exceptionally well in America....
Am I about to introduce binary addition in my DnD session? Yes I am.
Pregnancy makes me want to nap today!I Baby-brained-to-the-max! #maternityleave coming soon!
What's Your Favorite Pandora Station Right Now? (Mine is Breakbot Radio! :))
Why is orange?
Who's ready for a glass of wine?
These social work friends of mine will be the death of me. I guess I'm the only one who enjoys study dates over bar hopping.
oh trust me I know!!!
Go look up One Thing, Up All Night, Stole My Heart. (:
According to my weather app..it's supposed to get up to 95° on the 25th Why Cincinnati. W H Y
Wow he's about to start crying now
Dear Jersey Traffic, STOP IT AND MOVE!!!!
A Christmas Story for the first time!
on my way to class arghh!! IM TIRED
hhaaahaha, ok.have u told her?
Mine is lonely too, I only have 1 Like and it's me!
Tom Wait's Flower's Grave is just such a gorgeous song. Perfect for a summer evening.
Of course. Nothing like a good scare!
so doesn't count as twitter?
Ill slap whoever tells me i look like shit today. I feel like shit & am fully aware of it. Thanks
i saw ur dm it's okay :D
Personally, yeah, I think it's dumb Pacers players were at a club at 3a during playoffs. But anyone ripping them for this "fight" is dumb.
New on Blu-ray/DVD combo: "Fullmetal Alchemist Brotherhood-The Sacred Star of Milos Movie" (4-24) New on DVD only: "Iron Man Anime" (4-24)
Is saying "is that a thing?" still a thing?
RT : Love triggers the same reward response in the brain as cocaine and ecstasy.
Appreciate it Billy Brew! We're just Miami Dade College now.
Thanks for the follow!
Tonight's soothing song of choice: Sugarcane - Missy Higgins
Wtf y r these children still up? Coffee beans str8??lols
Crazy how much celebrity photos are edited.
Midwest Tank and Diesel Fleet Service Auction was a success! Pictures coming soon!
I wish I was dead, yet I continue to live. Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
's remix of Marvin's Room is amazing.
Your not a failure, don't beat yourself up, I've seen worse.
Schedule your complimentary health history with me today!
I thought it was ;)
Happy birthday! RT : Aww wifey threw me a birthday party! :D
Hi Hooligan! Thank you for following me <U+2665>
Wild summer ahead: fests, events, growing programs, Could use a few new volunteers comitted to youth music ed and social change...
- I'm flattered :) thank you
Love, love the Morning Team at FOX 10!
Who will be the first Streaker to win cash? It could be you! Go on an adventure around Nashville and win!
Austin will always be our olive garden loving little cutie from san antonio texas that likes to blow up ovaries and write songs about subway
Kiss me, I've got green beer
you got me addicted to pink lemonaid ....thanks :p
It's so funny though. RT I honestly do not know why I watch #cheaters. i just cannot fathom WHY a person would do all of this
Look at Mariah Carey sexy ass !!
Get ready to join & other students & professors on #MAYDAY for a special event !
Bad romance is like my theme song right now
This character limit makes me feel... limited. I like to ramble :(
Its cute how you and met! Because you both had the same shoes:D xx
I'll be in SA on Wednesday night! We should go then.
Looking to keep tabs on the UARS craft as it reenters Earth's atmosphere? Try following for positioning info and updates.
": I'm convinced the Kobe will end up with 30 plus when this game is over!!!" Lin may end up with 40!
Temp , Fade (&&) Braids At The Same Damn Time Lmaooooo'
Fellas, today is your chance to be "real men." Treat every mother you come in contact with like a Queen. She's earned it.
dont listen too the lies there all lies
If you're being referred to as "#OOMF"
Such a wonderful swap tonight! Big thanks to , all swappers + volunteers!
you are a Harry Potter fan????
Shouts out, cont'd Congrats 2 your young artists/leaders on the amazing site plan 4 "Striving for Sound."
ARISE, SHINE; For your light has come! And the glory of the Lord rises upon you. (Isaiah 60:1)
GET BACK SO WE CAN GO TO KING OF DIAMONDS I GOT U VIP I OWN THE PARTY BUS FOR KOD
Conservatory students: claim your complimentary ticket by 12pm today for tonight's Festive Soiree concert w/Robin Pluer <U+266B> call 414/459-3452
Hm I don't give a fuck tho !
Decided to walk to the grocery instead of driving. That way, I'm saving the planet AND my waist line at the same time!
RT : Some future j's will be disappointed; some will rock. Hope the best will have passion to rise.
RIP MCA. You inspired me to keep on fighting. Wether it be Fighting For My Right To Party or Fighting Cancer.. <3
Trying to beat jet lag in London. Must not fall asleep. Wasn't raptured!
LOV U ALWAYS CHRIS
Technology never seems to stop!
Dani you still follow me. THANKS DANI.
I hate whenever this guy doesnt catch the fish on River Monsters , and i just waste an hour of my life -___-
dont be shocked if he doesnt choose you haha..
Real cool
might not make it to tomorrow. Started feeling a cold coming on this morning. Hopefully it won't last.
ok i did Cause i respect you
Deals MSP thanks for following
Happy I still have something to Watch and look forward to every Thursday
I got police on my back and they love that "liberals" give no succor.
Just finished reading Deb Copaken's () new novel The Red Book & recommend it highly: engrossing, moving, telling, authentic, true.
I hope my fellow #Preds fans are doing all right this morning. Treat yourself to something nice if it's needed.
it sure is!
how about bussing all their tables while they celebrate. Our time will come haha.
Everyone bailin out early tonight?
Famished! It's getting a little hard to sit here and smell the hamburgers with mushrooms that are cooking in the oven right now. :)
AP TEST TOMORROW.
Can one more person follow me
I am starting to hate every class I have. All I look forward to is lunch and leaving lmfao.
Will he play one of your songs? Tune in to find out.
Renting costs 15 percent more than owning a home, according to analysis by Deutsche Bank cited by The Wall Street Journal.
shes super hot though i think i hate that whole group honestly
Hey, is it still illegal to slap a motherfucker during an interview? I kinda need an answer. Quick.
I really just want to watch Tyler Perry movies...
The #RHOA is a train wreck. I'm totally starting to get turn off by it. Grown women fighting over petty shit childish.
..do you like the drivers meetings with the fans?
Great view and great weather!
#FF T-shirt
I have my issues, but while you're checking for mine. Stop hiding from yours.
Huh. Weird. RT I'm also noticing another pattern. Romney, like Bush and Perry, was also a cheerleader. What gives?
Fuck this rain
I don't understand why cornrows exist in a post-2001 world...? =( RT But taneisha's fiance has braids...and a cocked eye? =/
Nicest thing someone's said to me all day. ;) RT : Bam. Yer a liberal. I'm cool with that
Can everyone see my tweet I'm tweeting pple no answer
Lets make a pot and see if we can finish it before we leave
Just got home from work. I'm sleepy.
Question: what wld B better 4 you - personally - 2 close ALL tax loopholes, or learn how you too clad pay 10% or less in taxes?
I've been talking crazy boy. I'm lucky that you picked up, lucky that you stayed on. I need someone to put this weight on..
Live life, smoke a joint, roll a blunt, you only live once...
Thanks so much!
nice... I'll be rolling out the summer menu next week do lots of new goodies.
Im gone remember. They just came right in and locked it?
Things I've learned from #MadMen: no one in the '60s was happy. Full stop.
Lara Quigaman changed her dress. I love the color! Green. :).
You may be gone, but you won't be forgotten
Haha Mr Cash is boss
Last night's #OpenWallsBaltimore was an incredible event. Great work by and PNC's Will Backstrom! Baltimore WILL be proud!
Christian small group tip: spend more time DOING the Word. What is your best Christian small group tip?
Amen. RT : Why is Facebook unable to imbed two links in one post? Does Zuckerberg think juxtaposition is too taxing on our brains?
why is it the people closest to me LoVe to be annoying??
thanks for the RT :-)
What if I came to visit? Could that earn me some amazing caramels?
You Don't Have To Like Me, I'm Not A Facebook Status
twitter i am up i sleeped in this morning!
You're welcome! Happy to follow!
I gave up
Thanks for the MT! Way to #VAlueYourPower!
I had a student whose sisters were gifted, he couldn't read his name, but had an incredible vocabulary in 2 languages
thank you.
Marijuana , skittles , fritos , and Pineapple soda .. Best night of my life (:
i hate bored texters.
I love you too!
license includes alumni. Universities just need to manage remote access. Would love to see more users in SA.
Especially need to support teachers as they try to implement innovative approaches (help avoid failure by providing support + context)
Our #research protocol came back from IRB review with recommendations aplenty... this is where the real fun begins. <U+2665> #Qualitative Methods
Beach trip was funn :)
lol yeah Im the oldest
if coldplay comes on while im looking in the mirror, i look myself dead in the eyes for at least 30 seconds
way better approach than my "hide him from the brothers" approach I've taken my entire life...such an #innovator, Mere!
I am and excited how bout you
you know your a #fatass when yhu drop a piece of yo food no bigger than this 0<<--------- zer0 on the ground n thro uh whole fit abt iit
yeah no lol ask her later
RT : Act as if it were impossible to fail.
Gnight Savannah Banana Pants. I'm gonna write you!!
for real.... let me know where you'll be playing. would love to come see.
Six packs of coke? You must really love soda.
Conversations with my sis >>>
David will be the mystery guy... Or at least I hope so.
mabye s/he is afraid that robots will take over the earth. That's a pretty scary concept.
Headed to the Luis Miguel concert Casino!
lol. i feel sadd. i need to be around some friends. wyd 2ma?
Mouse & I did some yoga. Okay I did yoga and Mouse did her version which included crawling under me to say hi when doing downward dog.
I know!:( I'm actually on my flight now, please visit ! Lets skype soon
idont even kno why im still up.
All fixed Paula and everything is looking good now.
oh shucks :/ I was just asking how you were doing bc I got my stitches out on Monday. I still have some recovery to go thru, but
15 and 17. And there are fewer and fewer things the 17-year-old wants to do with me.
There, I'm following you now :)
Residents of these ten U.S. states have the best chance of living 100 years or longer: IA, SD, DC, NE, MS, KS, CN, MA, MN, MT.
I love you.! You can make me laugh even when I just feel like crying! Thank you so much, I'm so proud of you!<U+2665> :) xx
Happy birthday Tebow!
is killin shit at Lyfe Support Studio's right now
Excuse me , does know something I don't know?!
lol sameer lets start our own convo, maybe add your best friend nour? ;)
my thought exactly!!!!
I am going to remember this about you...
s/o please rt
sounds like a fireworks party
Justin died his hair. Omfg!! He looks super sexy with ah! Fan hurling moment! & im breathing in an out better but still so sexy! :)
He's looking at the guitar like "I wonder if this is edible?" haha :L
Without Rose (18-9), theyre still a better team than Philly (.500?).
Is up watchin Rio with my son
we shall see!!
Coloring Games for Girls and Kids : Kids Games Online Free
G'mornin ladies Enjoy ur day and have a blessed weekend. Xo :)
Little Nicky was horrible, but Sandler may have out done himself with Jack and Jill.
#SomeWhereOutThere is a kid who just tried to rob someone but realized that the person was a friend of their parents. Smh
working on a bunch of new horror projects including one i'm hoping will tickle your fancies...
The biggest failure of the X files is making the shape shifting aliens the single hardest concept to grasp for every character.
Bloomsday marks the anniversary of our very own North American odyssey. As Leopold Bloom in mind & Ulysses in body, we left in search truth.
Missing the new Victorious to eat dinner w/ some lovely women... Gotta say; kinda worth it. Lol
I assume you are talking about your car...not wardrobe, eh?!?! Lol
#WellSaid & #WellDone yesterday on There's a multitude of ways to describe players doin good/bad.
I had bacon (mainly just the fat), mashed potatoes, and ice cream for supper
Can you believe the wind blew out the pilot on our furnace last night? Rather blustery!
see you at
Happy Pi Day!
Finding a small house is no small task.
can you meet me before test like 10 min early ?
A fantastic Friday we have today were coming to you from union station (mass and north cap) opening up in 20... See you soon
Hey Cam! Hunter Hayes is awesome!
Lol hey Soule!!! Yeah I'm on here from time to time how you been?
haha you're so dumb marcella :)
#ThingsLongerThanKimsMarriage one breath cycle of a hyperventilating person.
Iowa City! Lovin the velvet coffee. Can't wait for the tech and humanities to start!
Houston is so boring ~.~
Finished with the trainer destroyed me thanks MJ. Going golfing
"it's the one that sais Bad Mother Fucker on it"
lol errybody knows country music is boring nd depressing
So grateful to have attended HeartCamp! Great speakers!
you're telling me. I cried the night I found out he was moving back to Tennessee. And again the night I heard he wanted to move
Success is getting what you want. Happiness wanting what you get !
how does it feel to be done??
Beautifully written positive words that resonates with the necessary communication our world needs today. Thank you for following me.
Looking to get fit? DM me to recieve five free Personal Training Sytle workouts for your portable video player. No hidden cost, just FREE!
Today has been a mix of being extremely productive and small mishaps. I"ll take it, it's cool.
uhhhhhm hahaha I'm an idiot looks away
Just printed out like millions of pages of guitar music. I LOVE THIS.
ohmy! I'm so sorry, I'll pray for you and ur family!(:
Several people have asked about turning the TrailFactor 20K into a half-marathon instead. We can definitely do it. What do you think?
"The more positive you are when you think and work toward your goals, the faster you achieve them."
I keep wanting to tweet the boys Happy Thanksgiving, but then I remember that it's an american holiday.....
it makes me so happy when I see friends talking to each other. :)
When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle. It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself.
You never know
good ol'e tiger! I just don't know if he can come back from all this mentally! He might win 1 more major. hope he proves me wrong
If you like to use #Instagram to take pictures of nature and you want more traffic (likes), try posting to Twitter,
Welcome to Twitter Now all you need to do is tweet. Get your picture up too.
Feeling pretty low today for a variety of reasons. Must keep moving.
RT : TMZ reporting Whitney Houston's daughter has been rushed to a Los Angeles-area hospital.
It was nice listening too our boys on the radio in the LA area , nice way to start the day xD Thanks
I had the best dream ever!!!! Omg it was awesome but one part made me alittle sad... I got to hang out with The IB all day but mikey...
Yes! Sushi sounds great and I really want to catch up!
Ultra this is the first time i dont see you in the last 3 years and i know ill miss you . Go HAM !
Ethiopian food for lunch to celebrate something at work. I love that we have a collective foodie lunch culture.
Love LOVE LOVe my #BlackKnights and #LadyKnights! We aren't done yet! Let get this WIN tomorrow night and then get OVERALL next week!!!
She wrong RT : Notice Tami isn't tweeting right now...
we're just blowing right through nap time, huh?
probably a bit of both. i think this will be tough for g, but i also think it's what she needs.
glad you guys have finally make it to the twitter-verse
Whats up in the NY, DJ? Checking out the music...be cool!
What phone should I get?
Well there goes that plan. How about before work for a stiff drink? Or just coffee? Or after for a stiff drink?
Heading down to UofI on Saturday!! Can't freaking wait! :D
Basement flooded. All my stuff there is ruined. Hundreds of dollars in damage. Xbox ruined.
thanks for the #ff love!
I'll be ok, took my meds and will sleep soon. Happy seeing you guys!
Store cashier: I don't want to be in your advertising database. Please refrain from rolling your eyes when I politely decline giving info.
Twitter too is a good way of keeping others up-to-date on your recent happenings.
Amen bro RT : Can't believe Joe Pa's gone.. R.I.P. Coach Paterno.. PSU will NEVER be the same..
okay Pero like I said if your family wanted to see her that bad Jason they would've been went to see her. I'm not about to argue
Chilled with my lover for a little minute. He slow. He kept saying my dog was ugly because I didn't give him a hug lol. <3
A disgrace hoodrat that makes folks think all Black women act this way. : She's a disgrace!!"
#Reading Serres's The Five Senses. Brain is broken. Text saturated with interrobangs, wtf's, and "Ah!"'s ... and yet...
#everyoneisanartist MSG (I'm Oliver I'm not clever har har)
Sean!!! When are you going to be in NY? Come to the world premiere of Drinking Games on Saturday May 5th! :)
Have faith in God; God has faith in you.
Motivate - Nothing will ever be attempted if all possible objections must first be overcome.
Thanks for a great social media presentation (and for mentioning so I can learn from another cupcake fanatic!)
Any child, whether being an American citizen, legal immigrant, or illegal immigrant has the right to a free public school education
has him going 4th to Portland, which would be a great pickup. Especially if Coach Cal follows.
Embrace differences in life it makes us all unique
Great job...funny sheet
Tomorrow morning look for our analysis of the possible Dave Weldon candidacy for US Senate.
ima have one girl in college
awww *huggggles* Thanks so much! I'm glad you like it!
We teach students ways of capturing Youtube videos to use them locally. Much more reliable. SnapzPro and FF YouTube Downloader are good
. This is an old school Stillwater special! Are beers 75 cents too? :)
#GoTribe Mahalo to everyone at the Int'l Cultural Night at W&M! What fun & it was our pleasure to represent Polynesi...
Morn: Ballard Coffee Works, : baby nettles & fiddleheads from Foraged & Found & killer cookie frm
TWEET ME IF U WANNA BE IN SELENA'S BIRTHDAY VIDEO! PLEASE.
Reviewed the catalog yesterday and I'm really excited for THE LIFEBOAT and WHAT IN GOD'S NAME. They look like great reads.
RT : There are 2 many CD's in the world. Quit it. [No, gotta do it... but we'll send streaming download pages instead! :)]
HAPPY MONDAY!! Remember life & death is in the power of the tongue. Speak wise and faith filled words
Love listening to live tonight, great stuff from Will and Mari
Unacceptable Behaviors: verbal sexual advances or propositions
ugh its so crazy, i wanna go so badly but theres no way i can for $650
your #gymratprobs RT showed up in my news feed...I wasn't following them yet, BEST tweets ever, love it!!!
Spirit has fifty times the strength and staying-power of brawn and muscle - Mark Twains
Damn >.< why couldn't Siwon be name with a Hee in his name xD lmao
Everybody drops the ball sooner or later. That's why I do most of my computing on a $99 phone, which I also drop regularly.
a hit my line when u get a chance
Drum tracks for three tunes are on the can. Ol' One-Take strikes again!
Tonight will play at 7:30pm. Who’s going to the concert?
My mom will get a Happy Mothers Day via text. Is that rude?
What shoe is better, the Lebron 9 or a new NIKE Hyperdunk
millions of teenage girls don't know who Jerry Rice is.
twitter for internal communication... interesting idea!
I like this Jason Vargas. I hope he never meets the Jason Vargas I know.
Ordering a bunch more Hunger Games books from Scholastic right now!
ha no problem. Never would I ever be a homo
I wanna be with the band and !
“: Kobe's wife is divorcing Kobe after the 10yrs req'd to receive alimony (1/2 of all his assets).”
Busiest weekend I've had in a long time. Fun, but tiring. Think I might need another weekend to relax!
Thank you for the RT's!
Score. I like being a cool kid :)
did you eat one of those Martinsville hot dogs?
I encourage u all & commission U2 make it the best day ever 4U and someone else...I will be sharing a meal with my top 3 besties today! :)
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-17
That's great!
Ha! Too certified. Have fun at this weekend.
I hate I can't retweet you bro!
No prob sweetie <U+2665>
how can ppl say they dnt believe in love? WTF love aint no damn religion! smh
Yep. Now I can add "having Twitter account hacked" to my list of achievements.
It's the first kiss, it's Flawless, really something. It's Fearless<U+2665>
#cats again???
Our greatest strength may be our ability to stand still and trust God.
"You create your own reality. You get what you concentrate on. There is no other main rule." Jane Roberts/Seth
I wish we didn't have to wear sweaters over tank tops :/.
Feeling bubbly:)
You deserve more than that..
she's clearly not smart enough 2 be prez if she's messing w/ howard
Thanks so much for writing on the Lino-it for my workshop & for the comment on the blog. I'll cmt back later.
#NF the beautiful that won't come down from 30,000 ft.
Hey guys, guess what? The live stream of OB2 that I posted earlier has just made it past the Glitch! EXPLAIN! :D
lol! I was tired but I made it do what it do. The crowd didn't know I wanted to pass out.
And that concludes the last day of classes for my first year as a college professor.
Omg its so warm, tanning time in ATL
my mountain bike haha
It's a new zoo revue---coming right to you!
#stayawayfrommeif you smell like a sewer rat!
You deserve that tho my G
You be safe and don't get in a wreck! Wet and sloppy muaah.
am I not included b/c you know I follow the law or b/c you don't want me to have the chance to win at words with friends?
I heard clicking and shanabakagakahakha I'm scared for dear life. I need to sleep I've got school tomorrow!
thank you for following kaiti. I like that new pic of you. very beautiful.
RT : Do you want to win $100 Concert Cash? STAY TUNED and the lucky winner could be YOU!
Sucking dick and leaving thee balls out is like Eating pussy and leaving thee clit out.
u got one here-
lol... My phone deleted all my contacts, DM me th new digits :)
man lady for att uverse breathing all deep on phone, sounding like a man
you are my life :')
yeahh truee:) andd probly not :/ just get money and stuff! lol! but for my sweet 16 i have no idea what im gonna do!
I am immune to your peer-pressure tactics. And I would like such a bumper sticker.
to work!
Day 1 of the Colorado JTT State Championships. Good luck to all the players (and parents), and congrats on reaching the league finals.
I hope u pick me for the bud party! I gotta get my drink on!!!
#occupy my ass but I got paid in cash non union work it gets more crappy by the minute
We're about to hit the 50% mark of the first rough! Toughlove
Thinking bout taking my angle to pullen park today
and it all happened last night...
Unfortunately no Coronas for me haha Enjoy KY! RT : yay! Congrats. I hope you're celebrating with a Corona :)”
the fake names of: the dudes in lmfao, the members of smegma
Day after the soltice! Days are getting longer...wahoo. Enjoy the season
What to do now
CRASH: 52nd @ Woodstock in Southeast Portland
Hakuna Matata. What a wonderful phrase.
I wanna go ride some roller coasters....
i think i might get off for a little while if you dont mind. i've got a buncha homework :p stupid teachers. -kaycie
Happy 500th won to Joe Maddon!
I need to check out more #SpringBlogCarnival booths!
Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail center affects you - Sierra Vista Herald Commentary: How the closing of the Tucson mail ce
Cancelled flight.... well what to do for the next 8hrs?
your eyes shine like a million stars :]
The premium service loads your profile data when starting. If the profile is corrupt, please reset it via the web portal.
This via Wills in NYRB, who writes of theme of this volume as the deep hatred between LBJ and RFK. (h/t for sending the review).
it's going really well..I think! We really have a good group! I think we need another retreat though!!! Lol!
Disneyland was fun!! To bad I didn't get to see
For my friends and folks who know me, the season of the BEAR in the stock market is underway. Headlines are meaningless.
It's the most fun thing to judge!
She is just following suite of the gop seek and destroy methods of surpassing low income
That's what we like to hear. (:
Someone Come Visit Me!!!!!!!!
So many great deal on homes in Houston Tx and surrounding areas, now is a great time to buy a house to live in or as a investment property.
Thoughts are with Sen. Kirk and his family as he recovers from a stroke.
Is there anything better than a meeting at Brewer's Art?
Looking forward to getting together with family & friends again today.
Listen to new faculty lectures from Reunions 2011 on iTunesU - featuring Prof. Karin Bonding and Prof. Steve Macko!
ighhht! Do you have my number?
Oh yes Bad Girls Club reunion!!
RT Favorite matchup of a potentially great Saturday: Wisconsin vs. Vanderbilt. What a clash of styles.
I have been entertained by you since K.C. Your show continues to crack me up. Great job.
hit me when u get bk
still talk about ya' like it was yesterday;
Peace out, be gangster <3 Cameron always cracks me up (:
every brand msg can be made out as sexist or not being "gender neutral" if you look hard enough... Good luck on the falcon!
Sad I'm missing this SNL. Everyone seems to be ROTFL. Can you watch them online later?
listening to and having a deliciously unhealthy picninc in bed.
you went for the #Doritos taco didn't you?
Are you going to sleep if so I'll talk to you tomorrow .
Thank you so much! So glad you enjoyed the #Whitney Houston!! Just had to pay homage to her...thank you again. Blessings!
Guilt is probably the worst feeling.
If you say that B.O.B is your favorite artist/rapper.,,.I have no words for you.
was he talking about my half lemons?yep im pretty sure it was that
I knew of it, but don't really use it. Maybe I need to practice more.
Big Daddy, obvi
Just did my first practice of a live Skype interview...INTENSE! But so helpful
SKIP Philly Diane! WE need you more! The EuroConnect wants your company even more than Philly! A compromise: get there on the17th
Awesome article, thanks for sharing. So much potential in Baltimore!
That's why it's time fo ya to figure who you ridin' with | Devil on tha left shoulder or Allah punk Holla
I always wanted to get up and leave the classroom when the teacher says "Those who refuse to attend the class , they can go away from here."
omg thats really sad bro. Long time to go. :/
Because Linus got drunk and slept with 1 of Woodstock's friends. Was that a slam against interracial dating? If so I'm done w/Snoopy
If I die tommorow, remember me as Eric Wright
We're excited to be at the UCF public Service Career Showcase today! Stop by and say hi if you're in the area :)
check ur email, i set up a new time of 11:20/7:20 and gave you a UK# to call. hope that helps.
Love it!!
Listening to Uptown Girl by Billy Joel (on repeat), workin' on the website.
I don't like rushing thru Good Friday. I know Easter's coming, but seems to me we're meant to grieve a bit.
Welp, looks like I gotta fly to San Francisco
We just got shots and exams and a supply of heartworm medicine. Mom and Dad say we are expensive. We are worth it though, right??
At the studio, trying to find out why my book at not on the way!! The publishing company is holding up the operation!
when are you coming to pictures? It's a mad house!!
Thats the recipe ;)
Excellent point made: When looking at trends (tech or edu), it is imperative to look at global policy makers
Just saw a guy on a Starship Enterprise motorcycle. Then someone told me he's always in O-B. What a shock.
am i the only person who has never seen a marc jacobs commercial until now?
hey hey I am at work at the globe till mid night , are you going to be tonight ?
make two dreams come true but following me nd 48
Its 2 here. I guess so. Early morning to you too :)
Win or lose, we still booze!
LOL - yes and yes.
Spurs end 2nd quarter on a 22-2 run. Jazz got within 6, now down 25.
Say what you want, but I'm totally impressed by how much gives back to his Twitter followers.
nope, it kept saying there was no results or something like that. And I was going to the Hershey one.
I've always liked the Yotes. Was a season ticket holder for eight years. It's a fun sport.
thank you!
an XNFX? That's cool, Im INXX
Awwe its ah Date"*
Natasha Sharma: Let's Talk About Inter-Minority Race Relations & Racism: Asian/Black Relations Mediated Through Hip Hop Culture
NFL Draft and free agency, MLB, NASCAR in Richmond
Wow... reporter asked a pair of women who left Obama speech if they were a "same-sex couple"... they weren't
Anyone need a dog walker or pet sitter? Have excellent references. Dog, Cat, and Horse exper over thiry yrs.
us & ur biggest fan all he do is talk about ur rhymes fam ! lol
lol cute u have a long as way for that bro
Thanks so much! There's lots more being planned, too. Stay tuned... :)
You know a CHUD? Please refer me - I have lots of business for him/her/it/whatever!
Thanks for the #Follow &
Great new Priorities USA Add that hammers Romney. Let's make this election about the Wallstreeter who said "corporations are people." #99%
Flashback Friday! Get that Throwback mixtape! You won't be disappointed. www.CalDashE.com
so many iterations. All wrong, and yes, obnoxious.
Omg I only have 2% battery left on my phone! D:
No matter where you stand in Michigan, you are never more than 85 miles from a Great Lake.
done and done!
Need prayer for my Mother today, thanks!
sure I can do that. Noon?
Trivia Night!
i dont know if I like my outfit I tried evrythng in my closet Nothng feels right when Im not with u sick of this dress and these Jimmy Choos
hey ben-are you getting my emails? Tech Audit awaits you....
All I wanna do right now is sleep.
Dear lord, Ted. That story was so beautiful.
No one types in urls anymore, they do searches, is your site Search Engine Optimized?
Perfect! RT : Thanks for the retweet! the speaker will be live-streamed so even online students can catch it!
are you going?
yes! Send it over on facebook!
and also an identity. Star power. We're getting closer no doubt.
you cant expect refs to be able to interpret intent! Defenseless player and no move on the ball... easy call!
Pizzzaaa *-* I want some.
does xpacfit have a twitter page?
haha you crack me up best friend <3
haha. it happens to the best of us.
enjoyed #Capitals thrashing of the #Lightning, it is really a holiday hangover if most of the players are foreign?
Benjamin Franklin was the fifth in a series of the youngest son of the youngest son.
Love it! RT : Liquid breakfast. Don't judge me
I'm up... cathyjnola.
Thank you for the RT!
sounds like they are too strong, or you have been wearing glasses for a very long time, try sitting in dim light for a min
Curious: have you ever spent time in a darkroom?
My soon to be nine year old wants a birthday party with your theme! How can i find birthday decorations with you on them? Help!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there. Thanks for all you do!
So there I was, in my living room working out last night ... my pants fell off. -.- Looking like a giant sweating idiot 30 mins a day works!
Let's go kick it at Bayland!
I'm tweeting so I can be cool like -
Now that's a nice view.
Chandler Jones? Does Syracuse even play football? Where are the numbers?
Under your bed pretending to be a Chinook helicopter.
watching "BMW: A Driving Obsession" on CNBC - awesome!
Stupid app is so stupid. Stupid.
.. and deep fried shit on a stick.
RT I've learned that controlling risk and having a sense of perspective are key elements for investing success.
Get your Nightly Themed Dance/Hospitality Playrooms ticket NOW for only $90 per cpl. Skip the long lines get yours for EXPRESS check-in
well thanks I feel better then;) I thought I was gonna have to kill him!
Can't explain how proud I am for these guys! Cool sweet guys. #Sanctuary :) miss you!
Navy defeats Oregon lacrosse, 10-9, in NCAA play-in game
oh yeah, ard.
Hey ; have a project you might be interested in! Please follow and DM for more details! Ciao!
na I was seeing who would respond:)
RT : MGK is salty about Coachella. Lol - u would b to if u deserved to b there
Get on UP! RT : get on the scene, like a sound machine.
actually was at tyson hollyfield ear b gone fight
As bad as I want to...I never can say goodbye.
Came home last night. Reid's great with her so far! Loves to hold her. Doesn't like when she cries or stinks. :)
Happy Friday! What are YOUR weekend plans?
week in the life. starting on the final push on the re-hab of our house new gutters, attic windows, patio, plantings. you?
my sistes stay doing that lol
Had a morning of quintescential DC. Historic Hay Adams Hotel, Lafayette Park, and a quick hello to the White House.
About to be lex Vegas bound shortly... Where da party at!?
: Online #poker has bipartisan support in Congress. Please back on Payroll, Unemployment & Medicare Committee!
We know Carvahlo Creative is working super hard! We can't wait to see what your up to next!
#SAYSOMETHIN oh yea
Doing an email marketing campaign for a small client. MailChimp or AWeber?! GO.
SO what! If Whitney was an addict Half Yall Imbeciles on twitter is dope addicts nobody gives a shit cause Bitch u aint important!..#UMad!
Now THAT is how you pack up at a business expo! 2nd one in line, 1st one out!! It's been nice, #BizExpo12! See ya next year!
I'm saying that in a theatre an artist can lie, build myth, or bend truth if he wants. It's not what I do, but it's his art.
you down with OPP ? hell fuck nah .
With the extinction of the Albertonectes, the chiropractic business was decimated for 65 million years
It's really not what happens to you but how you respond. Amazed at how fast God works when I hold up my end of the bargain.
Why are you so boring on THE VOICE? Get some emery & enthusiasm!!!!!
that works.
vice principal's real name is Chris Brown lols .
Thank god directv finally got their shit together and started paying FOX so I can watch that channel again
My friend : "With Stoudemire and Shumpert out, the #Knicks greatest weapon may now be the T-shirt cannon."
what's up lady! U good over there??
WEML??= water eats my laundry...?
NICK YOU DONT KNOW
#sschat : What makes an academic outreach program work? We are UC Classics are framing ours and we'd love feedback.
Wilde is all about jobs. Fiscal conservative. Didn't get much more from this debate on him.
so when will you be back in sa?
Lots of crazies in #Vegas libraries!
I believe it, I tried at lunch today and waited as long as I could until I had to go back to work :(
you are our very first follow~ Thank you!
#QuotesFromThinkLikeAMan Where to... DAMN look how small yo skirt is woo LOL
I'm talking you up to so many peeps in Baltimore people adding you from the #CGMD12 conference
not really. So so.
y did u change accountd
Terry&#39;s Blog: Service Learning Project Reflection
I love weekends, all the attractive girls come to Nashville over the weekend.
for starters im not goin...second I have no way to get backstage!
I'm mad too lol jk
aww you are soo cute:)) like your cat she likes biting you right? :)))
RT : Freedom of speech does not mean billionaires decide elections.
I just saw Blake Griffin's monster slam on Pau Gasol Holy Moly! If Jim was there to see that he probably would have shit himself
haha do I need to make a video and send it lol. Just do weightless squats, but jump with them :)
You know it! See you tonight :-)
getting tabacco stuck in ur teeth is not fun
Haha, gives the Home Run sign while trying to signal ground rule double.
Random, but not sure how I feel about Men in Black 3...
Orayen,who's being called the best part of the #MXpresidentialDebate was only on air for 18 secs but her tight white low cut dress was a hit
Bud tour yes please!
stood up for beliefs, without examining the consequences... Who cares if someone else has to live with your choices?
I can help you with that. If you want. ;)
can't remember what that was honestly, MERP
Do you want to try playing agian...
Right, but when can I marry this deep-dish?
I hadn't seen it--thanks!
Best line I just heard, "I'm like a gay otter, I blow dudes otta the water."
This is our first re-tweet from Indianapolis. Join us soon for #Indy's best gourmet pizza and #craftbeer:
": Stop wasting your tears on someone who doesn't care enough to make you smile."
I been ghost..busy busy busy
We're looking for a summer intern to help us with community management and Skillcenter content development. DM us for more info
noting much chillin
it is going ok I will be working more on it when school ends
Baby when the time comes dont run, just kiss me slowly. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
great meeting you too! The poster is AWESOME!! YOU rock!
I'm such a girly girl - love the soft, feminine pastels of the season <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> at tjmaxx I can find it all!
Dodge Poetry kickoff was great with reciting 2 of his own poems! Go Mayor!
“: The moment when you see your ex again after so much time and it brings so many memories.”
You're very welcome! Love what you guys are doing, keep it up!
I AM PUTTING THIS IN CAPS LOCK SO THAT MAYBE , YOU'LL NOTICE (;
Thanks to my amazing fiancé, we have two extra Dark Lord Day tickets. Message me if interested.
Did you see the movie?
Praise Him.
Hey Lance. All videos have been processed at this point. We have no original on file. Would you mind uploading again?
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
As the defense to a trollish prosecution? Or vice-versa? (I can imagine you doing either, both.)
I wanna turn 18 NOW.
Earl Thomas had the 2nd highest Run Stop % for S at 11.4%. Teammate Kam Chancellor wasn't far behind at 9.7%
Life's hard man.
ima send u some stuff n a lil
headed your way tomorrow eve. Excited to check out Cary Street after 20+ years away.
Hello new followers!
i have to be at work early and i live an hour and a half away!
With 17% approval Congress is LESS popular than Dick Cheney was in 2006, right after he shot a dude in the face (18%).
thanx for the love..
This bitch brought a bag of hair....
I still have my own plans. Where's the number to your lawyer?
Thanks for checking for us fam, I'm also doing a Mike Treese solo album so its gonna be a good year! Its just expensive to D.I.Y.
Go to google, type in "Is it wrong" and see what it thinks you're going to type. Try not to puke
smh , we some lazy bitches .
" He gets more ass than a toilet seat " -
Hun...You're still on...I'm tweeting you from my phone as we speak...You don't tweet every minute.
If you're an 8th grader and think Bob Marley is your idol, I hope you get fucked in your ass.
Imagine if the Gestapo had Google. Now stop imagining. It does.
Please remember to check your email to confirm your subscription
Well that was dumb
I want to play keyboard like the guy who plays I Just Died in Your Arms by Cutting Crew. Reminds me of School of Rock
man keepin it low pro...bringing in the NEW YEAR with family...tomorrow night Im going to white wonderland
Mom and Dad are fresno bound this weekend! Yayy(:
Tribe 40 spice hummus rolled into Tofurkey slices tastes like wet cat food. Making nachos.
I can't wait to see u and Tank!!!!
I don't like seeing Mahomies fighting And calling Eachother names, We are a family . & in the end we are all here supporting Austin -Ally
Near death experience
Just sent in a proposal for my first Kickstarter project. Get your checkbooks warmed up.
Thanks for following! Hope to play there soon!
I see a visions, a good idea is an unseen vision.
Favorite eats while at #SCMS11? Po Boys: Roast beef - Parasol's Oyster - Parkway Bakery & Tavern "Peachmaker" - Mahony's
does love really ever last??
Thanks babe!
bahahahaha #takemebacknow those were some of the best days and nights of my life
RT : John Lasseter: started crying when Discovery connected to ISS & #buzzlightyear wasn't carried, but...flew thru dock
DD enjoyed her pizza with vegan cheese and olives at Brixx today. She also enjoyed my hummus platter...I'm hungry!
#NB Nas - Affirmative Action..... The Content & Lyrics Of This Song Is Sick. Foxy Killed It, They All Did!
": #GreatTimesAreComing to those who choose to have them." Exactly I choose #GreatTimes! Even better when watching #NitroCircus!
thank you :)) God helped me. It was one of the toughest semester that I had. Because through him all things possible:)
its cool i got the cab drivers # so now nigga go to sleep punk...
Yea we are (: #CertifiedCenaStalkers :P
Tiger Woods is to a monogamous marriage
I kinda felt like me going to Nashville is and will be the wrong thing to do. I was going to do it for fame and fortune. And
follow me please?(:
#iFollowBack maybe not right away but #iFollowBack! My phone won't tell me who followed so, ask and i'll #FollowBack! :)
JOIN US ON Saturday March 31st and Sunday April 1st for the first Compas Campaign WEEKEND OF ACTION. Contact .
I love being happy!< 3 (:
is starting to like hockey a little to much.
Across that is
I need to pray for patience cuz mine is running thin.
Purple penguin <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
No more baseball game tweets for me unless we end up watching the minor league team in Austin. At least tickets would be cheaper.
That's wonderful! Do u have any special recipes w/salmon??
Oh no, 8… used to wear my cowboy stuff.
As an American, I believe in The President, whomever is in office, even though America doesn't have time for The U.S. or its shenanigans.
“: #Youknowitshot when the lineman take their shirt off.” that's messed up! Haha
good idea!
houses & billboards? kind of perfect.
Make it Monday. Tell everyone -- it will be the most productive staff meeting in history
same here bruh. See you soon.
Done! Good luck!
Officially a teen. Yeah buddy!
Wow, Tom Crean sure likes to pace the sidelines.
I see sacred solidarity on the left and the right as the problem. Registered nonpartisan voter.
Good morning all! I'm looking for a QuickBooks Online bookkeeper who can work with my clients. Let me know if you are one or you know one.
im sending my party pants to the dry cleaner!
I am following them
say wha??? you need an assistant for this trek right? :P
What is ur favorite #WWE entrance theme music? Mine is CM Punks Cult of Personality!
I don’t have any scientific evidence to prove it, but from my experience, everything’s better at night. Am I right?
Or... RT : In situations that are difficult and challenging, patience helps maintain your will power and can sustain you.
it's been so up & down....warm & nice one day & now by this weekend suppose to get into the mid 50's again....
Well tonight kinda sucked, leggo 2012. New year new attitude. For the first time I'm just not gonna care.
Dear Friday Beer. I'm so sorry I've been neglecting you lately. It's not you, it's me. But I can change, I can be better, all for you. ;)
"Shit My Dad Says, by Jesus" would make for some good tweets.
Not only do men still make more than women but that man just interrupted that women to tell her it wasn't true on #Meetthepress #Condescend?
so excited to watch and get married next weekend! Love is in the air <3
Phillip Phillips is amazing and ever performance he does is perfect.
De nada! Always looking for good articles on small business exports
Looks great! RT : Please check out our updated Twitter Page
holy cow. I'm amazed.
Don't know what to make of some of these #Cavs trade scenarios. Not sure what CG's fascination with Marvin Williams is.
now following (well kinda lol)
congrats!!!!! Any plans to run around a baseball field during this one?
Are you familiar with ESRI, geo-medicine? There is a TEDMED 2009 talk. Might interest you!
Feeling nice
Thank you for your help in spreading the word on my position. Hope to meet you in person at our upcoming event.
Thanks for including me!
We are at game behind Sec.224. Come break and board and kick childhood cancer!
Braves vs. Rockies tonight at Hudson Grille! $3 WELL DRINKS!
~ I am LOVING seeing God create your platform! Go AMTC Family, Go Advantage, Go DUSTIN! Congrats!!! :)
I eat way too much.
what's your number
Wen I go to mi prom i want to go wit 2 chicks #At da same dam tyme
RT Ima be sad as fuck if Peyton retire.Good it will be one less manning in the nfl.
One week from today I'm finally taking advantage of 3rd shift and going to a #brewers noon game. I'm so excited!!
Good luck today! I know you're going to do great!
LOL. I slept a bit....still need more, but have an eye doc appt tomorrow. Ugh. Hate them.
Thank you to all of our new followers. We'll be Tweeting more often in the future.
I'd complain about Austin always going to NYC but he obviously cant come to Ireland so no point hating on people who cant help being from NY
I haven't forgotten the reggeton! Hopefully soon!
alright. im going to message you my info on here. my phone is in the other room
hook me up bruh
If you're struggling today with your identity and who you are, consider this: ~ Jeremiah 1:5 Expose.Empower.Unleash.
"Skate With Us" Demo and Best Trick contest is tonite @ Desert West skate park at 6:00pm
OMG, JEREMY I LOVE YOU OKAY. YOU'RE FKN AWESOME.
They came with a Bible and their religion,stole our land,crushed our spirit and now tell us we should be thankful to the Lord to be saved.
In the category of small world: The guy sitting next to me at a bar in Birmingham, Alabama is from my hometown of Jasper, Indiana!
Thank you I no next time....
Happy Holidays to all of our fans, former players, campers, and coaches! 2010 will be another great year!
Lemon Haze opened up my sinuses
looking forward to what the future holds
where are you
House looks pretty good, considering it was torn apart for repairs this morning
good luck on the STAARs test.(: wish me luck?
Boo. AP is now reporting Davy Jones' death. I guess it's officially true. :(
thanks for the RT of my blog post. Bret
U knew that they could have pulled out there Lawn Mowers and realy Shaved u head right!!!!!!lol
My heart & thoughts go out 2 the victims of 9/11 & their families. I ask that everybody plz observe a moment of silence. Thanks 2 our troops
Expectations of others, how do you respond to those who expect 24x7 digital services?
It's word jumble day! Today's word is "hewit loetcohac". If you can figure it out correctly & say the word at U-Swirl, you get 50% off!
Conf finals picks: #Kings and #Rangers both in 6
How about some grit tonight, blazers!!??
S/O to Chapter Father College President Rev. Dr. Brother Royal Wendell Puryear.
Hi baby James! I will after my performances are over this weekend - busy, busy :)
thanks! It's a great opportunity for our company and customers too!
Car payment: $215, car insurance: $140, cell phone bill: $95. Making less than what I need. Priceless
yeah he deserves it. he isn't playing smash tonight
Recording straight flame
Hard to say if Best will be back, and how well he will play if he does return (what's his conditioning like) McFadden will be fine
Yes, so agreed! #AWP should look at warmer locations for the future...perhaps The Pinch should start a campaign for Memphis...
I wonder the amount of productivity lost in this country due to traffic on I-95.
Im at the mercy of my drivers/ transporters! Will call you when I know times/plans of things?
WTF is goin on.....u get mad at me for some petty shit...come to find out u basically did da same shit #fml u just covered it up.kudos to u
submissives are your worthy to serve? Take the Worthiness Test! What do you know about serving a Dominant Femdom? Secret to success is here!
I think it depends on tone and context. I don't ever think about how often the f word was used in Fat Kid Rules the World.
Cher Lloyd - Video For First Single &quot;Want U Back&quot; Premieres Today On Vevo
Perfect sentiment for the occasion: RT : We'll be roaring our terrible roars today. RIP, Maurice Sendak.
so proud of my big brother for his work directing the #LuckyStrike commercial on #ESPN!
WILL DO :D
All these writers tweeting he demanded a trade and not one has said his agent denied it!!
you want to see me sad?
There's not much to do but talk & listen. The men are jealous & the woman all in competition.
Come join DJ Styles tonight at Geisha, 316 14th St, Oakland. I will playing Big 80's and flashbacks from 6p - 10p.
Tomorrow < completely scrubbing . Ha, dont care (: #YogaPants.(:
Hey folks! I've been away from twitter. Taking some me time to prepare for this photo shoot and come up with an album name. Soul Searching.
Time to organize. That should things along a bit.
No love showed and no love felt
I finally saw #TheHungerGames. I'm gonna start taking kickboxing classes....and always watch my back. Eek!
Joe Jonas a guest judge on my favorite show American Idol, the world must be ending!!
*SAGA*SAGA*SAGA* COME OUT TOMORROW NIGHT ~ALL BLACK AFFAIR~IT'S GOING TO BE A GOOD NIGHT DRESS2IMPRESS!!!
what u going to see?
I always follow when I say I will and when people ask me!! I hardly ever unfollow so I won't start now!! People should shape up!!
I haven't noticed an odd gait, diet is questionable (chicken. bananas and milk ), she doesn't have feeding goals though.
Dnt look back just keep movin ahead<U+261D>
I always wonder if the guy I like ever reads my tweets and is like "...What the fuck?"
“: frankly the best part is the red carpet” and but he is done for the most part
I Love Pandora Internet Radio<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Awww Justin graduated!?
September is National Childhood Obesity Awareness Month, per House and Senate Resolutions and supported by NAACP. Our timing is right, crew!
I used way too much bleach to clean my eyes are burning <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
I have found that if you love life, life will love you back - Arthur Rubinstein.
You know you're 'famous' when you have a wiki page, but when FB lists you as an activity and interest it just shows you are a whore.
Sen Leno references Stonewall Rebellion in comments, woodnt it B nice if we taught sum of dat history in schools? Comin 2 theater near you:)
I just remembered the biggest fail ever!
Do any of you know an affordable and great reupholstering company in #DC? How about classes?
"I'm falling head over heels for you."
Hi Jason. :D
loved it, too. Jennifer Lawrence pulled off long stretches with no dialog, just her face. Did you read the book?
hmm, interesting! do they compliment you for looking young?
I'M SO GOIN FOR MIAMI HEAT HOPE THEY WINN TONITE
There is nothing cool about Voli.
It was important to me to have the wedding in a church because of the religious aspect but past that, I'm with you
It's turrible.
#Pakistan not pakistan only but across the globe !wa alaikmssalam
So many girls fall for the wrong guy, cause he always says the right things...
I've been looking for employment next semester -- would love to teach, but grad classes will be taught by less experienced teachers -- but..
someone yesturday got called for traveling... TRAVELING, HOW DO YOU FUCKING TRAVEL AND YOURE A PROFESSIONAL BASKETBALL PLAYER? #sosad<U+E42A><U+E42A><U+E42A><U+E42A>
Hope you did the "I'm in a limo standing out the sunroof and gazing at the lights while 80s music plays" movie montage in Vegas
over achiever, Brittany ;p
People and their fucking attitude problems, I swear. ):<
Has or responded to claim of #Newsweeks13UselessMajors? JOURNALISM is one listed! My College Bound daughter is appalled! You?
no worries. Chris and John are playing chaperone!
Would you be interested in designing a real estate listing single-page? I think the current norm is boring.
Law enforcement in MN is cracking down on distracted driving. Listen at 6am to
- Great time last night with you Lisa at NAWBO BRAVO Awards in SD! Yes Yes!
there is now a bonchon in harvard square. who wants to have lunch with me there every day forever?
Thanks to , I ordered my coconut water from ! I'm so excited. :) <3 Elle
LeBron "I'd give all three of them back for a NBA championship....im all about team" why i respect him...
:"Blow Up Like Da World trade" Drops Sep.15 .New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee! www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
RT if you think austin is HOT with braces(: Fav. if you cant wait to see him with them off!! I cant wait until #Wednesday :D
Shout out to O'Reilly's Auto Parts in Baton Rouge on Florida Blvd. put on new wiper blades in the rain! Great customer service!
And I want. And you got it. So much. I'm crazy for your touch, your touch.
How do I get involved with ?
Hope the Pittsburgh #power doesn't go out in this storm. To Olive Garden.
Why am I smelling sawdust?
I Automatically Block The People Who Call me Fake! its Annoying How Much More Real Can I Get? Like Dont Follow me in the first place.
im sitting in this little office eating donuts on a saturday morning waiting for these dweebs to pick up their trucks im bored
I've been Taco Bell sober for 30 days.
Eating 1 of those 100 calorie Special K Fruit crisps are a tasty satisfying treat. Eating 20 of them, you're still fat.
Being #TeamTall makes you unique and is a gift, #Embrace it! I love my height, I hope you love yours too! #TeamTallGirls #TeamLongLegs :)
Great day for MN! MT : Always good to have friends in Florida. Wild welcome Solar Bears as the club's ECHL affiliate.
You can observe a lot by just watching. Yogi Berra
King Louie and
nice one:) Lol
Excellent! Thanks
Thanks 2 you/Alex 4 your time and expertise we appreciate it looking forward w/
temecula public library, a surprisingly comfortable place to get some work done
Belated shout out to for featuring my tweet about NCAA tourney in the paper this morning. Go Loyola!!! (Maryland, that is).
whats my gag gift?
It's going to be a two horse race between Hugo and The Artist all night long. I'm 5 for 9 so far.
How is it that 20 more people connected with me this week, and I went down 4 on my followers list. What gives? Comments?
Russian rockets and space capsules will ferry astronauts
& also used to hearing MUCH worse lol
So you read it but you don't reply? OK I GUESS.
why aren't you answering my text woman!!
WHO HAS MY NUMBER ON HERE AND JUST TEXTED ME. REVEAL YOURSELF! lmfao
#FF How could I forget ? How could anybody? How could anybody not follow him? A Twitter legend.
Ewwwwwwww this story is disgusting
Learning that Bob Brenly is calling tomorrow's FOX game is making even me think about finding something else to do.
testing new profile design/avatar
Peking is the most nasty chinese restaurant
Our benefactor Michele bid on you in the auction and won! She will connect with you very soon. Henry
RT : Enjoying watching rush hour from the patio on the Cap. Almost makes commuting this week worth it.
my feelings the entire morning
And what you think is cool is just the norm...
Ke$ha - Take it off<U+2605>
I got on his nerves so bad He told me to go sleep with 7 ni**** in Africa and catch something ....Thatz mean!! -___-
Not getting what i wish for
sure did
"Like" this status if you are enjoying your Sunday ;)
NuggetHead Savings Tip on working from home - You only have to shave every other day or so extending your shaving cream and razor expenses.
I don't get stressed out. this is bullshit.
Can't wait for the traffic NIGHTMARE tonight. Marlins/Heat
Every time I get a pedicure I always laugh like a loser
I want to go on an adventure.
Another great podcast from with
Atwater Village Farmers Market here we come...fresh produce and vintage wares..sounds like a perfect sunday morning..11am-2pm!!
All this tweetin' about food is making me hungry and I just ate. LOL
still very upset for not getting any tickets to any of your shows in new york=(
Were you able to pick up a copy at TESOL?
I am always the mutely disapproving East German judge, shaving points on principle.
If you think you can do it cant nobody tell you you cant
Waiting on the UK game to start.
Can someone explain to me how my kids manage to make crumbs out of applesauce and yogurt? No matter what they eat there is a pile of crumbs
I'd be doing tht right now if I didn't just drink a whole venti iced coffee o_0
#WhatIf the world was coming to an end in 1 hour.
Going to take a stroll through the Walmart, there mite be some babes in pregnancy test aisle or the wart removal aisle.
It's 11 o'clock on the dot I'm in the same spot, sitting on the couch....
It would be nice to be part of a winning team...just once.
"Wowyouwererightcatslover?" This movie is only 73 minutes long. No time for breaths.
Jimmy Fallon is so funny. #jimmyfallon <OVER THE LIMIT12>
RT : Michael Perez not returning to UTEP next year. Too bad. Wish him the best.
Dear - I love ur shows, but I refuse to pay for all the channels I don't need from cable just for HBO. When will u be on HULU+ if ever?
How was it:? Lol
thanks so much!
But I will watch Person of Interest. It's the best new show this year, IMO. Revenge is second. Awake third. American Horror Story 4th.
So it wasn't the president of Mexico, it was Carlos Slim, the richest person in the world.
Well night tweeters I hoping my dream will come true and it is on April 28
I have two Flyers tickets for Tuesday the 31st against the Jets, $45 a ticket, face value is $91 a ticket, first come first serve
pilates is always more difficult in the morning
. I smell #streetcorn!! Time to kick off the #bsocial12 Summit...so much awesome about to go off!
Discovering the ease of Wufoo.
pictures? keek? something? (:
we had a bring it on night at the house and tried to figure out where they shot everything. Hepner hall became the parking lot
And all your Skittles ..
Another Batman game inspired by this movie was released by Mega Drive in July 1990
Android phone, why you love to throw in unwanted commas?
Good control, ball movement, and intensity by
Cutie Pie!
Disgusted?..IF Daytona is the Superbowl of Racing then how sick would people be if the Superbowl were postponed because of rain?
Got you in a hot mess, boy you'll never figure me out.
Merry Xmas ladies!! Hope travels are kind!No baby yet but glad I'm not in hospital 2day!
That first time when you take a photo then realize you left your glasses on and ask to take another photo without them.
we just played a show there last night. Ground vehicle is key for minneapolis escape!
Tweet me numbers??(:
ewww but his was crusty AND slimy. Wow disgusting. I'm getting really grossed out thinking about it
now y would I fight with u
Thanks Homer! You're always so encouraging!!
Many people avoid looking out of their window at night because they are scared of seeing a face
Try reading proverbs every morning with your spouse. My marriage has transformed to greatness. Today read Proverbs 4
Still looking for a place to take your family for Mother's Day? Our buffet will be from 11:30am to 4:00pm and is $19.95 per person.
Will check up on that for you!
you are welcome! Happy Friday!
just text me..
I think I knew that. :)
Didn't hit the jackpot. But I did make some money tho and got pretty good at Roulette
Did not receive the bonus booklet
What's good? Been a while! I didn't see you at 's last weekend I think? Lol
Coming up next #engaged: State innovation and #econdev agendas ft. New England state deputy commissioners & secretaries of econdev.
dude did you read Charles Burns' X'd Out? It's like David Lynch Tin Tin
Gym time. Nothing else matters for the next 2hours
Someone take me back to California, ok
good call :)
tried DM'ing you. It wouldn't work. Wanted to talk to you about interning with New Era.
11:11 by Austin Mahone is a really good song (but that's just my opinion)
I LOVE IT! <3
Love me, before they all love me... until you wont love me, because they'll all love me.
i just got an invite for memorial day weekend, too. but i got a save the date months ago, so knew it was coming.
Good Luck Eddie on your travels to China and beyond. We will miss you.
Thanks! I hopefully can create this startup and make it awesome. My ideas are fully going to their potential, finally! :)
I'm gone b tired as shit today
If you love playing guitar please RT
That's quote on my son's grad. announcements! To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream...
I thought so, but two days ago I slept till 5pm, and then woke up at 4am this morning... hmm.
layar = augmented reality app. very nice! useful for comparing, for ex, skylines of a city across time.
“: You know that you're best friends when you can hear their voice in your head while reading their texts"
Happy Easter
I get to see my girl at school!!!!! That's why(:(:
Looking at math since I have a stupid test tomorrow. I was gone for two days, though. Extension please.
My guess is Mike Zimmer!
RT : What's the pollution footprint during the build phase of building a passive house? < interesting question
Now that is enough. Realization is vital. Action is mandatory----->>>>> :)
The time to hesitate is through
I want some candy right now
ok they're leaving.
Caught a chipmunk this AM. That's more than 20 in the last two years! Released it near the school when I dropped my daughter off.
Celebrity commercial nugget: #ModernFamily's Sarah Hyland & #MadMen's Elizabeth Moss have old nat'l spots running #OliveGarden &
Darren Knows How to Succeed <3
The moon is on my side. I have no reason to ru-un
100 days until our wedding!
Batty_Towers: Finally home from #sla2010 and watching the final few "goodbye NOLA" tweets. Thanks to all for a great conference!
Faden: What would scholarship look like as a product of electric culture?
Just made this twitter. Follow me?? Ill follow you.
O.o
I am my own failed business plan.
Good morning twitterheads
i'll get to it eventually I have to do something haha
Destined For Meaning Envisaged With Certainty Gave Selflessly To Countless Loved By BELIEVERS Happy Birthday -S
nigga say i ain't the shit; same nigga a week ago was tryna get this cat from me..
View from the office: Watching a guy on the top of the #Washington Monument checking for #earthquake damage. Not a job I envy.
sombody told me my legs were skinny today... i gotta get swole this summer
Ugh....u disgust me-_- I hate high school.
If you can't find something to live for, you better find something to die for.
God knows what pics you're looking at...
it definitely can - I'd be interested in hearing your thoughts on that actually :)
It's the greatest sacrifice any human being has made ever. You > the rest of us.
Sleepies.. horrible headache :(
followed her :)
Your very welcome!!!:))
Can't believe I'm not feeling good again ..this is bs.
Drake's album: "Take Care" is poppin'.
wish I knew about this! I would have love to have gone!
Inspiring interview and super cool work, Dave. I am following (cc )
hi yourself :)
If you meet your self today, in the mists of tomorrow // Make sure to ask, why so much sorrow. < Arya of the Hills >
hey Paul, glad u could stop in .. we're talking about innovation in rural school reform .. "Design Thinking" meets
Dude this half time show rocks! Now if the Pats could win(:
HELP! I HAVE A CRUSH ON CHRIS EVANS NOW AND I CAN'T DO ANYTHING ABOUT IT.
Serious question: if you have investors, do you even have the option of turning down an acquisition offer?
A and B
Or if you need to break a losing streak.
JUST watched "Suite Life on Deck" 4 times... :DD ALL the episodes are really FUNNY!
edit, edit, edit..... yep lots of editing in my world!
Dream Come True
T-Minus 5 minutes till we are live from Luna with
Plz follow she a good friend and i will give a shoutout and follow you back!!! RT
I love my girls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
"The beautiful thing about learning is that no one can take it away from you." -B.B. King
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? Dating children.
same weather in LA? :)
I love my zodiac sign!! ARIES THE SHIT!!!
Oh man... that looks fantastic.
Off too South Carolina home of southern hospitality. Looking forward to fresh food,no traffic and Myrtle beach,oh and fresh seafood. I hope
“What I do you cannot do; but what you do, I cannot do. The needs are great, and none of us, including me, ever do great things. But we...
oh yeah had ta get me 1...!
To me, we have one rival, and that is UofL. Bye bye IU. Now let's see some creativity with the schedule.
damn gotta take a drug test for this job *SMACKS FOREHEAD HOPE I PAST THAT SHIT
The MUST do more 2 endear themselves 2 community. It's HORRIBLE 2 hear how loudly opposing team fans cheer @
I hate being sick! Ugh! Anyone know of a kick-ass cold remedy? Other than vit c, echinacea, and wellness formula...
Happy St.Pattys! Dj Cyn is spinning at Copper top @ 2pm.... Lets Celebrate and get crazy!!!
that is a really neat design!
The resume sounds good to me!
#bookaday WHITE OWL, BARN OWL by Nicola Davies Now to build an owl box for daughter's Austin backyard.
love & company I'm fuckin lonely been single for 2 years dude
they beat us in every facet of the game. I hope they win the entire thing. Would be well deserved
Congratulations and good luck! :)
I miss how u twerk RT : Ahh! Miss you spinning! RT : Grove street.
Did I say that to you in a recent conversation? ;-)
- great storytelling. Love your presentation mixing the serious with humor. Well done.
A girl at the train station wears this one really cute outfit...every single day. Same exact outfit...every fricken day.
The fabulous Vanessa Barg of will be at The Chocolate Library for a tasting on Sunday 1/30 from 2-5pm. Join us!
I can only do so much...
Cocktail of the day:French 75- gin, herbal simple syrup, champagne; yes, a thousand times yes.It's warm and we suggest this be your fan
They will tear your heart into pieces. I know, I'm a survivor. I won't get into the gingers.
Yum, Kiss Me Veggie Grill!
is it sold out
Event tomorrow. Prom swaggin.
Thank you!
Don't feel bad, Brian! I've been tweet-neglectful too, and I'm trying to make a comeback myself!
I'm real pissed because they swore up and down TC was not gon' be our DJ... but look who's at the turntables ?! The music is garbage .
Hey! Thanks for the #Tworship love! Good to see u! :D
$1 WELLS $75 BOTTLES TILL 11 !!! BROADWAY BAR IS THE SPOT = WILD WEDNESDAYS !!
I remeber when #SNL was what I watched as I got ready to go out...
definitely geeked out. Very cool, thank you.
Ha! Good one! RT: Do me a favor...Wear a t-shirt that fits. 5x white tee's make you look like you're wearing a nightgown.
I vote scones. Almonds? Cranberries? And white chocolate drizzle.
If I was lost ill hope someone find me an show me where to go.
With clean graceful lines, the #Maxum deadbolt is as much a work of beauty as it is a symbol of strength
My eyes are bleeding.
glad you liked it! Really unique horror film.
Imagine if called me gorgeous OMFG i would smile for the rest of my life!(;
Too many times in our lives we take women for granted.Let's take the time to let mothers,sisters,wives,girlfriends,daughters know we care!
Recipe: 6 lb of Raisons & 6 oz of Coriander seeds 4 gal. of faire water. In the Summer set in the sunne till it begin to have a kind of skin
40's on 4 on SiriusXM is the best radio station there is.
Now we're all gonna follow Jo to LA.
Goodnight, kids...
Thansk for the add pal!!!
That was an awesome bike ride!!
is far and away my favorite feed. Truly, I need to visit. Heck, I'd probably just move there if I could. If...
Whatever you say as long as you stay far far away from the Knicks.
I never write shit on here or anywhere :/.
Parents, get your teachers to use text messaging/e-mail tools like and for homework updates and reminders
Wine, zero gravity lawn chair, pleasant breezes in the backyard. Aaaahhhh.
surprisingly, I've never read it! It's on my Kindle wishlist though, does that count?
fuck a text, mention, call, oovoo, or skype! I want you right here WITH me...
you were right. Here you are. I wonder why I couldn't find you before. Isn't Copy/paste known to spell things right?
Thanks. I like Jones and Louis myself. Think one of them could stick.
These earplugs are great. So great I didn't hear my alarm this morning.
- This is Why i Rarely Do Clubs / Parties .
Art Drinks! Tonight! It's from 5:30-7:30pm at Maya. Mingle with other arts enthusiasts and win great raffle prizes. See you there?
“: You're funny, but looks aren't everything.” cc:
RT. ": Loving Bill Fletcher speaking truth on #uppers today" I want him on the show more often.
Am planning another campping trip with my daughter and her teenage friends and my son with a friend of his . Plan to go trout fishing.
U guys r amazing.....much luv...
NameCheap. They have a few promo codes up now
you're in. As long as we go on a lot of riverboat gambling trips and make our own beef jerky.
Ha that's how I roll good seeing you guys “: Came to meet and run into working hard as usual. #Respect”
Sad news. Great man, great journalist RT : RIP Sportscaster Lee Douglas of KOAA-TV.
then why wont she let you hang out?! seriously tell her i asked why she hated me and wont let you come over
Well, if those are your only options then one of them must be thr plan right?
She grew up good, she grew up slow, like American honey.
I FEEL LIKE JIMMY STEWART IN ITS A WONDERFUL LIFE PLEASE GET ME BACK TO DENVER AND AWAY FROM TACOMA ...WOULD BE GREAT IF I HAD A GOODJOB
I don't got my phone anymore.
The spirit of who we are can only flower into existence when we begin to feel the livingness in ALL things
Gearing up for Goodstock in just 36 hours!
MUSIC SHOULD COME FROM U&DA HEART NOT A GHOSTWRITER
O Duke Donald of the Dark
thx lesko. unfortunate result but oh well. see you in a couple?
Theater: Ghost, Leap Of Faith and Lyons Struggle on Broadway - Huffington Post
are you ok?
my spoons are stainless steel thank you very much
get at me for better video. Where you located
- Team Edward <3
Cheryl Cole had &quot;interesting&quot; conversations with Simon Cowell
Their performing there show at south port Lincoln pancake place. Instead of being at the studio. They have seen choir and cheer leaders
As paranoid as saying a hockey player's out with a "lower body injury"?
These icy streets make tweeting and driving almost impossible.
i mean come on u dont know what real humor is.
thanks for the follow, love DT Fiction!
Lawwwd im about to go crazy over here forreal...they cannot go overtime bruh they need to win, im getting sleepy
#DearMonday I have a zillion things to do today, as always, so could you please this once freeze time.
"Being Southern is a state of mind...and having home and family at the center of your world." - Sissy Spacek in
Think a subscription would ever be an option for PCGD? Maybe as some print/digital package maybe?
everybody in the club gets tipsy!!
Blessed by the best brewcity what up!
Enjoying the last few NFL games of the year. GO EAGLES
no idea what you're responding to.
#reasonsihateBVBandBOTDF this is such a shit trend. BVB and BOTDF are amazing. If you dont like them, FUCK OFF :)
my back hurts... excuse me while i go kill myself.
#WeStoppedTalkingBecuase u can't fuck no matter how many times I tried to teach u. You just failed!!!
I'm so Happy today!
Nope. You are bound to watch more.
#ff agents who shoot straight
Even if I try, no, I never could Give him up cause his loves like that Aint no way that I’m moving on I love my Mr Wrong
Oh! Is it bad that I was glad it wasn't a black cat in the video?
All my dreams and all the lights mean nothing if I can't have you.
i hate that people keep posing as you :( :) !!
I know!! I'm glad most of the trend is people saying it's awful, but I don't want the trend to even exist. wtf twitter.
Oops. Lol I saw that you RTed 's tweet saying that she wa in fishkill lol I was confused. Mah b
“The temple is already built.” ‘Abdu’l-Bahá
follow me.. Pls. Im a Big Fan.
Lol , I love you too x)
red vines and wine
Currently in northern California boba land.
reinstate Big Northern Girl Goes Down's blog! Please!
°o° We might be the only parents that have to explain to our 3 YO that a zebra "looks like an okapi with stripes on it's whole body"
pop that ass for me.
I love being an artist. I couldnt imagine being anything else
Will Smith on his biggest money grab ever. MiB3, Bad Boys 3, I Robot 2, Hancock 2. Good job. DJ Jazzy Jeff lives behind a KFC dumpster
"RT if you brush your teeth everyday!" Omg, if someone doesn't brush their teeth everyday, that's just gross.
Going back home
I love you like a fat kid loves <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0>
Manage by exception.Only require reporting when there is a deviation from the plan. Brian Tracy
Did not post the prior tweet, evidently I've been hacked, interesting.
We have to get up after I come back n town. RT You know I dont do much. Just let me know when I should be clear.
Now That I Am Older My knees buckle and my belt won't.
If you want to learn more about the #SantaClarita Valley, check out
true, don't know why y'all don't join us!
just realized i can call US phone #s for free by combining gizmo and google voice. no more expensive $0.02/min Skype calls for me.
": Session in progress......"i second that
Woot Woot! We have over 100 friends! How do we get to 200? It's the challenge of the month.
Never live life constrict or confined.
im going to bed, hopefully tomorrows a better day .. #goodnight ..
i'm not even a directioner but it still gets me so mad ,ugh.
Brewed tea is not only a great fertilizer in gardens, but it can absorb odors, too! Put some used tea leaves in the smelly fridge today.
Ima make you shine bright like your laying in the snow(:
"little by little you fade while I fall apart"
VERY. Angry
Good Matusz or Bad Matusz? Looks like we're getting Bad Matusz.
so did that dude from oak state
FUCK IF I WAS DRUMMING THERE, I WOULD SAY YAY
I work in the Arena District. Cool to see packed streets for #NAYC11. Can you explain the bowties & hair bands?
Hiya pals! Great stuff you do!
#ednatdenver any suggestions for a question to ask?
my esthetician just told me that Thrive's truffles are worth crossing town for. Have you tried them? I need to get some this weekend!
In my defense, I am the only teacher who can cooly handle blood spurting out of a kid's face sans panic. Surely that counts for something.
My pleasure.
Seminar for Actors NYC on 5/22 @ 6PM. FREE w/ paid up AFTRA card! Email for info.
Nice to meet you last week; hope to see you at another Dewey Drinks!
Can everyone please try to use commas so I don't have to read your tweet 5 times to get it!Thanks :D
Also #ThatAwesomeMoment when Uecker got a statue ... and you brought the statue a brat and beer from your tailgate.
Or there's a really elaborate secret schedule designed to torment you.<=THEY. ARE. STILL. MOWING. *dies*
the live video of paramore performing pressure in anaheim looks so much like like with the balcony and bar and stuff
Take your #2 guy, then your #1 guy, off a team that has a margin for error of less than zero, and this is what you will always get.
Learning Python at the Sunlight Foundation.
will u follow me???
Braylon Edwards to the Jets and Crabtree signing with 49ers? This will make some Fantasy Teams interesting...
Hit a damn shot lebron
..Seriously considering haircuts and haircolor now. After the kittens get healthy.
RT : RT : The police have brought the K9 unit and mounted officers
#Huguely sentenced to 25 years for 2nd degree murder charge. 1 for grand larceny.
"Thank u 4 such a great semester! I really enjoyed this class-U did a great job presenting the material & u always kept things interesting!"
Great - see you soonishly!
I'm terribly unfamiliar with modern music, but I do know and like their cover of Under Pressure.
I am bored what is the solution ?
“: The best argument against Christianity is a five-minute conversation with the average Christian.”
Okayy :) Email please?
“: Happy 40th! In Biz since '72! #congrats” Congrats to our partners.
we can finally fulfill our sky diving dream!!
lol i hear ya
you don't deserve a follow -_- obviously is not a queer. He has more girls that love him Than you ever will.
Ran up the stack and busted to the fish. #Standard - I'm torturing everyone tomorrow after I late reg around 3.
On the lookout, first #UX #designer for a funded #startup. Designing an amazing search experience is the focus. Know anyone?
88- your really nice !
naw deandre Jordan... Barkley said if you lock him in a gym overnight and he couldn't dunk n theAM he'd have 6 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Im Too Real So I Aint Thinking Bout Doing Kno Fake Shit
I have NOEL fever!!
Please see this Sunday's Sun Sentinel. JFG students Middle School are featured for their participation in the SoleCial project.
Tweeting is fun.
Full Moonies! I am here. I C the moon and the Moon C's me! I dcided 2 watch it rise from inside my GMCXOver prkd in the dark on a H2O Frt St
DJ Cyn Spinnin at CopperTop Bar at Bottom of Peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breckenridge! Come get a beer after shreddin Starts at 2;30pm
JEALOUS. I love in VA!
Why bother to get engaged? After all those kids the're stuck together 1wyr another regardless for a long time at least for the kids sake
clocking out.
That movie will definitely never get old! ;)
can we switch twitter names?
getting ready to take Brett to Milw. Lutheran to sign up for his classes for next fall. Cant believe we are sending him to high school soon!
National Margarita Day Today...Stop on in...Happy Hour 3-7! Grossmont Center in La Mesa just off the 8. We're having a great time!
do you think DAL will try hard to win tonight, or they are settled? C's need the help!
yes id be going with celia
It lists CN2 News at 6:30 & 10:30 and it wants to record that all day since that is whats listed for everything on that channel
does it hurt??
omg me too :D
Very busy with the Copycat Project & book deadline! BTW I grew up on South Robinson Street!
Love it! Several talent have been requested to audition for an upcoming Feature Film!
don't forget to get your run on too.
Hilarious! RT : Never gonna understand why ppl complain about the AZ heat. U know that we live IN the desert, right?
What Y'all On?
On the way to the last Lacrosse game with all the girls!
Havin ah pretty good day
Everyday you lay a foundation for your destiny.
Lets get some questions people!
Who wants to see me tired as fuck right now?:)
Omg saw that one like a week ago in collective
i was ganna wear them
I love dancing with you and your friends :) y'all get down better than my white girl friends.. Hahaha :)
Especially in the international teaching world
Call of Duty brings out the most creative cursing in me. "You son of a cock gobbling f*ck nugget.
Sounds fun af she BLack??
I'm smart!
is this cast in Seaside Heights right now ?
you. are. beautiful..
I love Austin Mahone <U+2665>
LAST CHANCE! Merchandise from several shows will be coming off the site soon so purchase now! Most is heavily discounted.
"To serve mankind, evolve yourself. To evolve yourself, serve mankind." - ?
how much?
In the smallest theatre to watch a movie I'm so ashamed of
The Swede. Best character on a serial going. HELL ON WHEELS.
This translation of Buddenbrooks makes the low German read like cartoon Irish. Totally harshing the verisimilitude.
have a great day...
lol love how you sneak a picture.
Karaoke host is closing out the night by singing Desperado. Thanks, dude. Really touching.
The blue robe from the Abilify commercial reminds me of the cookie monster. (also, Abilify will kill you.)
A Saturday morning walk in the park...
This is Baltimore, where the DH pitches and UX raises the U.S. flag
Wait, I thought was in Wisconsin. Oh--is that why he's using both arms to wave ?
beast of the game!
The new #walgreenschicago on State and Randolph is supposed to have wine tastings and sushi. Sounds interesting
Gotta learn from the best there, mate. xD
Hey there. Happy to have you following me:
No kidding. I've been at work since 8am! At least I have kind of a cool job. Still doesn't help your boredom though. Sorry. Lol
BLEH AUSTIN, I SAIID PLEASE? :3 omg i'll give you a chocolate bar if you follow me back :3
Dropped you a note to your gmail account ... let me know your thoughts!
RT : Just finished Nautica/st judes triathlon and proud to run in honor of my friend with her father Gordon....
me to! Glad I checked it out online...bout to start dvr-ing it! Love it!
Going to the #FinalFour ? Best air price from Columbus to New Orl is $328 on Southwest. Gets there at 5:15 Other airlines 700-800 bucks!
Wildcats in all-white unis today against Vandy.
Another WONDERFUL Friday here at the TeamQ Office. Trying to get everything done before a few of us head out to #Vegas. Have a great day!
One of these years come on down for it. We've been going strong for 25 and will be for at least another 25 more
Feeling like a failure after realizing this is my first year I didn't get invited to the academic awards
showcase in Vegas this week is not happening. Will let everyone know when it's rescheduled... Sorry
Come have a good time with us friday. I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma and more. Sept 25th Rochester American Legion. 5:30 $10
The Continental Army is having a hard time recruiting in New England because local militias are offering more money to enlist.
#swsw #yam "Customer service is submissive but that is starting to change on behalf of customers."
Let Us enter this Era of Change Together in Love and Light. Blessings to you All - Our Greatest Will be Done.
I wonder how long you have to have been in Silicon Valley before you're comfortable seeing PayPal t-shirts, worn openly in public.
#FFDD Yes! FirstFridayDivaDiva! 9pm Twin Spin Videos of your favorite divas all night!! Every first Friday!
I'm so mad. My Friend got Vlados. The grey and pink ones. So jealous.
haha my mom told me to make one back in december for her but i thought itd be weird, but i got bored
No problem. I'll be keeping an eye on your posts!
22: You're super pretty! Tweet me more(:
This may be your last chance to awkwardly slow dance.
Alex Clare. His voice. That's all I'm going to say.
RT : The sky is the limit
Sometimes when I think about you for no reason if your thinking about me to <3
The reverb is hurting my soul.
Now, I sort data and listen to Daft Punk. Ehh, gotta take the little things..
you still owe me that free movie by the way, don't think i forgot!
Wow, The Sheriff walks twice
. Indeed -- I think Federer made a calculated decision to play: "Let me get 3 wins. I can do that w this draw."
Besides, you don't really want back-to-back panels, do you??!
Grammy awards!
r u jealous dat he likes her and not u?
Big week coming up! Stay informed The Local's Hottest
We know some of you are still a bit sluggish from all the food this weekend, but shake it off, and join us @ 12p for our $35 turbo NL tourn!
“: #AlliePerryLikesWang #UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Makes me laugh every time I see them! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>” Funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
At work wishin I could go home n get n my bed
Back at you kiddo.
yep... Plenty more where that came from. Ha!!
Say, "excuse me" you weird little freak.
I'll never forget it.
Some females be doing the most and don't even know it...?
who fought
lol pretty much because I def turned up the other day lol that's why I'm like idk lol
Dark skin niggas gotta smile in the dark
Today is definintely a "mark all read" kind of day.
/// Cats missing free throws left and right....
we have a problem lol?
It's not what you pay a man, but what he costs you that counts
Essex County Arts, could you share our ArtStart grant information with your networks? Thanks!
We've got a twitter contest coming up next week for a gift card from ! Details on Sunday!
i cant believe it was to violent for tv lol
I just woke up from my nap !!!!
Love the idea and feel of Pretty Pear Bride! Kudos to you for allowing REAL women to feel as gorgeous as they really are!!!
#somewhereinthehood is performing for a group of niggas and 1 bitch....
Happy birthday ! See you june 9th <3
I feel you!!!
.!|.-_ COME GET YOUR CRUNK ON..... SATURDAY MATRIX --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
Tomorrow - buy any level in the Versa Spa and receive the after moisture for free :)
“ “ “ If you get the chance to leave the hood then leave but don't forget where you came from”””
but really though
just listen to music :)
UW Hospital files $120,593 lien against alleged drunken driver in double-fatal crash who left hospital in wheelchair before going to jail.
Lunch time question...how do you think the bear trap worked? Do you think it got the ZGB seal of approval? Find out Thursday!
I slept good. Wyd today?
yes! Today!
Pussy! The other white meat.
Wish I could say that to somebody haha
Just interviewed for Look for the Q&A in a few weeks. Can't wait for the April 7 show
Could work. Or Reffie Trinket?
Just shipped you some bro! Should be across the pond and in England in about 10 days or so!
Mobile exploded in 2010. Not only was spend up, but the sheer volume of mobile projects that launched was unparalleled. www.zesmo.com
Those took forever! Once my mom scheduled mine for 3 right after school so we wouldn't have to wait. Turned out to be a snow day
plzz follow me
Glad you have a positive outlook
Banjo time at Grand Reopening.
bout train some kid for pitching, let see how this goes. cant wait for the FF draft on the 6th and my birthday on the 30th of this month :)
Check your inbox.
speaking of bicycles.... i can't wait until i can ride mine again
Staff retention should be on the minds of every agency principal this year. Really every year though.
AMAZING #AFTALAC session this afternoon! Thanks to & our presenters from &
Brady sacked
3-1 not bad with your injuries though
Ok everyone that is following FSO please help us, retweet this & add that we need more followers please. That would help greatly.
What TJs do you go to? In West Hollywood, they keep some cold by the juices.
AAF Miami is planning for 2011-2012. Want to get involved? Email
Packed out for College Night. Good times. See you next Thursday.
on #106&park #DoinTooMuch cant wait for the mindless behavior show
wait till you get older... some girls don't get it.. the kid should always come first... not the social life.
because I don't like you. jk. I didn't even know you were following me or that you had one. I'll follow you now!!
Congratulations on your promotion, Dave!
I guess Battle Royale would have been a hit if they'd had more room in the budget for Manic Panic?
yup.... lucky we live hawaii!
Go Clemson, its the Sammy Watkins show !
The new website is gonna be SICK!!!!!! I will let you know the moment it is up!!
wasn't bad lol we'll see how the rest of the week go. U need to get back down here!
Trade Pierce to LAC for GS pick. Clippers have it, we already have clippers pick from Perkins trade last year
dammit. It saw you and ran away.
WHAT EVEN
I understand. . . I've been away from the East Coast long enough that my brain just can't wrap itself around temps like these.
If u don't know about the exciting development going on in #OrangeCounty ur missing out!! I can get u connected. . .
Syracuse can loose every game they play now, forget u! I swear these Wisconsin teams can bring u up then just tear u down!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Meet the founders of (our idols): CHRIS STANG and ANDREW STEINTHAL.
lol!! such an appropriate gif for that situation - "bitch."
and activity is nice too :)
Jonathan Martin begins work as Miami Dolphins right tackle
happy birthday Dana!!!
The Lakers are 3-7 in their last 10 playoff games going back to last season.
Love ? I don't get none
Great Lakes BA Blackout - rather smooth but not a ton of oaky/vanilla that I get from similar BA offerings...still nice, though.
keep your sense of humor.
Somebody rockin knocking the boots!
Ok checking out pinterest anyone try this yet kind of time intensive
RT : Lovely peeps THANKS
Also getting down with the Freaky Dikis at Opulent Temples Decompression after party at Mighty this Sunday...... Warming the floors at 9 ;-)
Starting to adopt presenters. Model View Controller Presenter...
i love meeting new people :)
Great....bad luck #3 came sooner than expected! F.U. Bad Luck!
Nd now I gotta wait for my ride.
The letter P key (and a few others) no longer worked this morn. I never realized how much I rely on P. Glad you're back.
I wish my life had a restart button. NOW
literally everyone can go fuck themselves
I got you
Get ready to be Plugged In at Sutra Lounge tonight with the return of DJ Krillz and $3 shooter specials all night long!
I'm not sure I fancy the Sox's chances if they are playing the Ravens--lol!
Closer to the Cardiology Unit
Global Youth Peace Summit tomorrow.drove 27 hours straight from LA. I've gotta break out of this whole "packing the night before" habit. ;)
wild wild west is so underrated.
yupppers she did. and twas fantastic I guess.
Jerry Gant performance, Survival Revival at 8 this Saturday. The Doctor is IN! Bring artistic neuroses.
Sitting here with
u haven't been giving me hugs, r u mad at me :(((( I hope not!!!!!! Luv ya
Ejecting rid of all the spam bot followers by unfollowing everyone. Don't unfollow me if you are human, promise to follow you back;-)
thank god for self check out when i go to giant eagle just to buy nutella.
Congratulations to my sister and all UCSF medical school graduates! I really enjoyed the speakers and the ceremony.
It wasn't really meant to be a proposal--but keep in mind it's taken us centuries to achieve the inequality we have today.
Texas hospitals and their employees impacted by wildfires, please notify THA at servicecenter (at) tha.org
Oh, it is! Haha! RT : m sounds good!
In my son's words: a true leader will look u in the eye,say what he means & mean what he says &not hem/haw around&hv Character wth his life
You Only Live Once ; ) YOLO
#IwantSomebody who will text me every second of the day and stay on the phone with me at night."
i warned everyone that a professor lent me a book called "how randomness rules our lives" and that i'd ruin everyone's happiness.
Me: I'm finally happy. Life: HAHA, bitch, hold on. >:)
Absolutely!!!!! The average IQ just soared!
Wow, cake and Pizza today. Red must be lucky for me LOL
No. Thank you. No. Just passing by. Carry on. Excuse me, I'm very busy. Gotta run.
And that was the best performance I've seen yet in 2012.
i grew up a f*kin screw up
gr8 read thanks!
so apparently you missed my twitter binge last week
you're welcome
to see austin (if he's going) and she said MAYBE. omfg a maybe from my mom means like, everything lol OMG
yeah. tickets on sale Monday.
Damn. That was one crazy week. See you next year, SX!
New homebuilder? In construction? Have a smartphone or tablet? Any type? FieldConnect Mobile is for you..anywhere/anytime scheduling + more!
Game tightening up. Colorado Kings lead 76 to 67 with 4 left in 3rd.
Successful community match day. Thank you!
yeah! Love is pain whether good or bad
always too crowded.
please follow me?(: 4
things that make you go hm...
just read email stating that i want start working tomorrow....come on ATL give me a break....i need something to do b4 i give up
Drinking a Bittersweet Delish!
Daniel is it wrong if I beat up a Albino kid
#ExcusesToDrink.....Everyone else is drinking...
Happiest of Hours! $1 PBR - $2 Miller Bottles - $3 Tall Rails! Gorgeous Sunset on the Patio. C'mon in!
COUPLES NIGHT! Couples Entry buy one get one free!! ALL NIGHT LONG!
yes i will be in Miami this year.. chillin with hailing from Detroit. Cant wait! :)
Can someone please find me (and ) an apt for 9/1? 2 bedroom, Fort Greene / Clinton Hill, rent commensurate with ed asst salary?
Also, super bummed to be missing the antics. However, duty calls. cc:
That would be awesome! I'm terrible at trivia but I'll give it a shot! :-)
#SHRM established a new partnership with Families and Work Institute (FWI)
Welcome to Rip City! I think you're gonna like it here, we need the NW kids to represent!
I'm commenting on the last few rough drafts, then awaiting the first batch of final exams. The word of the day is "Argh!"
i'll forget you like a dream.
And i am done with my finals let christmas break BEGIN!!!!
i'm beginning to dislike IU fans more than Michigan fans.
Thanks for following:) <3
how long was it?
o'hare is way better than flying into or out of midway. Midway is scarry at times.
but nice bike though
It's always worth thinking outside the box a lil
Fav part: "We needed to know that there were things to know before we knew that we could know them." (2/2)
Just got told I don't have to wear my arm sleeve anymore but only in basketball.... School should be interesting.
#Tebowfor2 It's Moneyball. Greenie is right. You might lose games, but you'll win more. Statistics!
WHO ARE YOU SEEING? sorry for caps lmfao
well then go all out on March 4th!
My 15 day trial will run out before my initial backup is even done! Any way to get free extension for trial?
Two ways party w/ me tonight: - my set starts at 10pm. - my set starts at 1am.
lol THAT'S TRUE !!
so nice of you. we're going to do one group hug at the end of the day i think.
the mistakes or everybody?
Good night all you lovely people ! <3
same! I'm really hungry though! Its almost 2pm & I haven't eaten A N Y T H I N G .
Please do! let us know if you need tix :)
oh gotcha but yea I can't go I have an event for my internship
okay we in there lol
Vinny(: hope ur day is GRAND I love how you do every thinq to make it possible and meet every Grander! #TALETO Hope u see ^
12/12/12 marks the last day this century when people can make that joke about Americans getting the order of the date wrong.
#replaceasongwithswaggie Really? That's what our world is becoming?
Tuesday mornings are my favorite-I get to volunteer at Nathan Adelson Hospice AND watch my "Price is Right" for an hour!
Chef Ed & Chef Andy will be preparing a couple small plate dishes featuring “Tender Belly” Pork products.
Pattie Is Our Beautiful Mama & Selenators Love Mommy Teefey. Aw <3 Happy Mothers Day!
Academic book on cultural subversion written in dense academicese = fail.
Where are you seeing the flooding? How bad is it?
you no its the truth
Ceramic tile comes in many different styles and will fit just about every budget.
Thanks for the info!
What do I want for my birthday? I want ModernMethod to be more involved in charity work, so we're launching a new thing. More details soon!
no problem beautiful :D <3
Performing and Shooting #LoveOnAcid tonight at the lovely Sydney Vigotov Birthday Extravaganza! Cabaret Birthday w/ The Chit Nasty Band
Hey man thanks for the follow! How did you start out your band, what's the story?
“: suck my chode” hehe no u suck mine!
I just cycled 22m today to Fort Tilden and back. Flatbush Avenue is no place for a bike.
Have you tried...wearing pants?
Hoo-Rag Launches New Line Of Outdoor Protective Gear - PR Web (press release)
what's np?
awesome - welcome to
#TypeYourNameWithYourElbow... drexel ednginedetring - Hm... looks like it was engineered wrong!
Tim Jennings - Take advantage of the recession: Don't waste a crisis. Negotiate lower s/n rates in return for business.
whats going on here?
holy crap - Betty White's "Off Their Rockers" is flat out funny!
what u been up to.? Long time no see
that's called unprofessionalism.
i think i'm getting closer to my thousandth tweet lol
Who Else Needs A Fake ID?
Random interestingness from Code Complete 2: "Avoid classes named after verbs."
They think they sippin on that I can fuck wit him juice
co-presents ONE DAY ON EARTH - Global Screening Event - Earth Day 4/22 @ Roxie Theater + filmmaker Q&A:...
Sharing food with another human being is an intimate act that should not be indulged in lightly - MFK Fisher
#10peopleontwitteriwanttomeet Chris Brown and thats it :)
yeah do you rally live in switerland however you spell it
I thought Lana Del Rey was good last night. It's a weird song and a fresh sound. And the strings on the record were cut
Thanks for all yr work in great music & our youth. We hope you'll follow our Peace Work w youth including art, peace ed, & more
The Show 1.5 Will Be Like No Other Show U Seen.... aka Bruce Wayne The Show 1.5....The Show 1.5 Will Be Like No Other Show U Seen
RT : I know I heard about that! That shit gonna be bomb! Lol.
WordaboveWater playing at 914 lounge tonight show starts at 11 and for those that dont kno that name the lacoona
I can't wait until the day I am famous enough to have to apologize for my twitters.
Selling: Black studded clogs tinyurl.com/74hpk7x
Your #Imagine *__* I love it ! :)
feeling #prisonpolitics. Very good work!!!
364 emails in my inbox- going for zero! #gtd Tonight is 1st nite of Citizen's Academy, live tweeting it from look for
be on the look out for my report on Amile Jefferson later on today
Making changes to my twitter account if your not a follower you'll be part of the changes.
It's a good day for all the UK fans to see Duke lose, and the fact it was a 15 seed team. :)
I had no clue the #CincoDeMayo celebration existed until I moved to the US.... from Mexico.
Holy productive day!
why do girls have to have feelings and shit? -
I will be in Westowne Mall until 2 am with the Hall Swingers! Come and support #SwingAThon!
well MBTA rules but Boston sucks. So there's that :(
no but I'm not like a professional or anything I just really like to do it for fun one day I wanna be like the iconic boyz.
i mean, i know it's just the blood flow but i can't even. it's so wrong.
My son-in-law loves cutting grass. If you know someone that needs help in the eve. DM me.
Yep - it's meant for easier off-campus access, so you don't need a barcode. Let us know if you have any problems!
you would never catch me at a hair salon called Georges : If I had a guess it would be a hair salon or restaurant
Free Admission to The Domes today for Milwaukee County Residents. From 9am-Noon.
looks like the color is fixed on my twitter!! We just got back from Taste of Dallas!! Wow, it was so many people & it felt great to connect!
I wish people would stop using the word
I'm so Proud of you! I cant wait for #BELIEVE! I love you. follow me ?
Follow Bad News Bears on Instagram! Username: BadNewsBears
Things that need to STOP: BULLYING.
hahaha ight dude. Well have fun
Wow, wowzers! Traffic in Noblesville is horrible today! I'm missing lessons right and left...
At first I thought you took my breath away, but then I realized I was just being suffocated by your bullshit.
RT M...The Hubs is cooking for me and tonight. Woot! *Luis outdid himself. Dinner was incredible! xxoo*
Is it Friday yet? Can't wait to work on more new music!!!!
thanks. (although I've made some unfriends in the online marketing world today.) :) -Conrad
The name of the dog on the Cracker Jacks box is Bingo. The Taco Bell Chihuahua is a rescued dog named Gidget.
Jogger91: OK #englib ---- got the link, now I know, ignore my other tweet. Thx much!
great tips!
Cool lesson: don't focus on what others are doing, live your dream.
Done. I've blocked off time on my calendar. Fells? And time?
Good Morning Tweeples! #Tuesday is the most productive day of the workweek..or so I've been told.
Wow...relaxing now...It was a wonderful weekend.
holy shit.. Your car is amazing
that she was bossy WHILE sleeping means there is no downtime.
haha I was like "You hangin with Kanye and Kate Upton now?"
Be real and you get Real Be Fake and you'll get Fake I'll take "Real" for 100 please lol
Saw an argument between 2 guys I went to high school w/-about sports. It ended w/ one calling the other Squidward. I turn 30 this year. SMH
Shoutout to all of our new followers especially - be sure to stop by our site at www.allwidoiswin.com
Yeah, for about a month or so, I was mistaken for a tumor. Until my mom's gen physician ran a pregnancy test, as a lark.
The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new discoveries, is not 'Eureka!' but 'That's funny...' ~ Isaac Asimov
because its our only black lil area in the city
My eBay Black Metal-shirt buying obsession knows no bounds.
Which restaurant is your favorite in Denver?
love you
advocates peer review as a way to place a work in a scholarly ecosystem rather than as a gatekeeper
What does it mean when one in seven people think the end of the world is coming? - CNN (blog)
- Craig what is the update on the weather in Cincy
I have big news!
Sem G: Wisser: emphasizes significance of context in archival description; contrasting to how context is handled in rare cataloging
Im glad no one, much less my babe, has seen me when I wake up in the mornings. I look like a damn monster lol
Loved the story! Your Mom is a doll!! Xxoo
ran into BReise on hollywood blvd buying quarts of blood for ur wed night class....watch out! xo! ;)
I understand that norton and mcafee protect you really well even if they are annoying. clamwin is free but not quite as ballin
Best part of my day!! : Getting home and taking off my heels...putting on shorts and flip flops...always feels good!
#ThisSummerImTryna get really tan!
On average, motorists spend over $6000.00 annually on vehicle related costs!
i was joking ,duh. i mean i smoke 10 bowls before 4:20 pm,so obviously not me........
I know that your book would be an asset to us and getting our marriage on track
Flying squirrel invades New Jersey emergency room? Another captivate network gem
justin!! ALERT!! almost #21millionfans... let us make it a #TREND common guys please retweet if u love each single #belieber !
GOD LEE
Breathing...merely breathing...
Cleveland has infrastructure? RT : Federal agents have arrested five people who were plotting to blow up a bridge in Cleveland.
Wow what a game and thank you refs for one good call at the end!
hell yeah, brawww
the answer is yes to many of the patsy "fall guy" people who were deemed responsible for the deaths of the "influentials"..
there is a good possibility in the future
Gettin' ready for some #exercise with Beautiful sunny day, full of optimism for the future and ready to conquer the world.
Mother's Day is this Sunday! How do you plan to help mothers in your community this weekend?
Ok let me change my pic. But I have the same old boring pics. I've been too lazy to take a new one..
I ain't got that much money today but before the year is out I gotchu
"The best things happen at the exit ramp of your comfort zone." - Karen Salmansohn
"Its hard to box out someone built like Paris Hilton" ESPN2 analyst describing #UMass forward Raphial Putney (6'8", 185). Really?
THIS BITCH ON STEVE WILKOS SHOW IS FUCKING HER DAD !!! DAFUUUUUUQ
TUF live right now!
even if you did look like you had just come home from the corner, still beautiful!!
Buckminster Fuller suggested putting managers in orbit. He inferred that work would still go on.
if bowlen's here...money is the discussion
Getting my body fat % and RMR done tomorrow with the latest technology. 100% accurate, I'm getting scanned!
when i get mad i mess up my words.
R.I.P Officer Wong, you'll truly be missed by a lot ! We will always love you.
We need to do that body paint joint...exclusive shirt style! Put that together and lets collabo. Nice vid!!
lmfao boy shut up how you know that was me
An argument, no matter how cleverly presented, built in part from misinformation must be corrected before its conclusion has worth.
5pm & 7pm bringing it for Easter! Live stream sdrock.com/live Well worth seeing live!
you look FANTASTIC! athe best ive seen you in 4 years! you look skinny, but not to skinny! Good for you Jill!
niggas are funny
Oh, what.... no more than 20 candles?
Things are moving fast! Several eco roof & green wall projects have come on board & we're bidding green roof and living walls almost daily.
well things just got awkward... Lolol
EW WAIT, I just saw the Tupac hologram Coachella performance, SO CREEPY. and they're planning on making hologram technology public. wow.
I hate Tweeting under the wrong name.
I bet that was Austinn!!
Have you tried the HBO iPad app? I found it ok for catching up a bit on Treme.
Will I be able to get into college?
Band name: Homeless Defecant
Anyone, does Google SearchWiki, where you add, remove and rank search results, have any effect on the overall Google SERP algorithm?
My damn nose will not stop runnin!!
I will be there darlin
Why am I obsessed with Dubstep? c:
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mothers, you all are Queens!
You're the best Have a wonderful weekend! ^jl
chillin, eventually falling out.
I'd rather be around a person I KNOW is a snitch then someone whos in the closet wit it!
RT "Don't leave your kids at Chuckie Cheese." // HOLY CRAP my best friend is hilarious.
You are the biggest degenerate I know. SDSU BYU? Really?
Show to night!!! pc4pc?
Chest up, eyes up, prayed up. Blessed to be on this wonderful earth for another day. Everybody have a great day.
ask us about our free "NATURAL STONE CARE GUIDE''
the comments are interesting; i love that the proceeds are for library diaster relief!
sweet!that made my day...knowing that i'm making other peoples' days
Hi Gary, good to meet you, too. I have checked out Sapphire Star and even submitted to them. Best of luck with your writing.
it definitely has its pros and cons! haha
I'm crying over Steve Jobs' death. That's not weird, right?
nice job Hubert.
Brewers just scored three runs on a single hit—2 walks, a HBP, another questionable paly in the field and a wild pitch are to blame
Congrats of on being named the Most Outstanding Sorority President Award at Order of Omega Awards Banquet!
no bad wbu??
Just cut in a #Wilhelm scream for a WW2 film I'm working on, "Saints and Soldiers: Airborne Creed." I hope it makes the cut!
Next week!!!
god has plans for each one of us, that's why im handing the steering wheel over to him :) god is great!!!
Hey guys, we hope to see you all this friday in boca! We're opening for , , , , & !
No doubt. Think it is easier to get to Charlotte from NY. It actually takes less time:-)
True story: D'Brickashaw Ferguson wore a business suit during his #NFLCombine team interviews. A job interview is a job interview.
hahahahahahaaaaaa I hope she falls and breaks all the bones in her body
So wrong and in so many ways. Love it!
They are playing "Must-See TV" theme songs on repeat and I know them all.
I have no beef with vegetarians
Nigga asked me if I'm in love -_- no. But I love him there's a difference :/
Make sure you check out our mascot Dwain T. Pipe @ the Tucson St. Patrick's Day Parade this weekend. Nobody's cooler than Naughton's!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
If you aren't paying for it, you're the product.
omg my child tweeted that shit ive gotta lock this phone before he embarrass me lmao
Weekend-- I welcome you with open arms! Enjoy it, friends! They tend to go way too fast
The awkward moment when u propose 2 a stripper, & she reminds u she's a Stripper & was just using u.
Doing one-shots this week for education, business, speech path. Prepping for nursing, kids lit, more Ed and sp next week.
alright, i can also set up a new meeting and you can call in using a UK#, would that be easier?
Only 6 more hours..
LET'S GO PACERS!!!!
Ohio AG Wants Foster Care System Reviewed - WLWT Cincinnati
"HAPPY THANKSGIVING EVERYONE!" Remember to give thanks to all our Military and say a prayer for them.
Had to tweet that
You got it! Let us know if you ever need us for anything
So I saw the tupac hologram......that's not a hologram!!! That's Tupac.......I'm sure of it 0_o
Blue & Purple
Such an amazing Easter weekend thus far celebrating the greatest sacrifice ever made. Get to a campus tomorrow.
Sunshine Pilsner is one of my summer favs.
The best use of a personal foul ever! Green Bay is shook
Still have not gotten that text. Michael better text me or I'm gonna have to text him first.
It 5:45am and I'm sitting outside of work because I'm early...smh it's too early and cold I should've grabbed some coffee
I hate the spurs
Streit with a tricky little shot that Turco stops. Mottau shoving with Niederreiter after the play.
New car, muthafucka!! :)
Good morning everyone!
Never thought #Transformers;DarkOfTheMoon Would make me cry.
Off to the Hoboken International Film Festival awards gala to see if there's any appreciation coming out of the HIFF constituency.
Wow great job ruining Mother's Day for her
There are worms in my fridge and crickets in a bag on my kitchen counter. Welcome Flash, our new geeko.
RT : Hey family, save the front parking lot for our guests tomorrow, please park in the side lots or around back.
goinng 2 bed Rushers any good night tweets?
Check this out-GetMotivated.com. Chicago seminar with Brian Tracy,Zig Zigler, Mike Ditka to name a few. Keep smiling.
Oh sowi.....u shouhld a mentioned me single
Here Here!
just picked up pizza. I love pizza. This may be the best day ever. I get paid to eat and tweet!
Everyone come & shop with us here at Northstar Mall anyone that comes in today & follows us on here gets a DISCOUNT off anything ManagerDina
What do y'all recommend I do with my last five minutes alive before my wife comes home and fucking kills me?
4/21: Gov. Perry Issues Proclamation for Days of Prayer for Rain in TX. 9/5: Catastrophic fires burn thousands of acres, force evacuations.
Wanna watch the titanic 3D .. Deff gonna watch it soon!
is watchin a mama & 2 baby deer in th back yard under th apple tree they luv th@ tree blessings :)
Amazing that in AFA's 13 years in the MW it has won 5 conference titles - 2 of them by men's track this year
Dear japanica why do I bother with your horrible service... Oh yeah your sushi is good
Oh okay.
#terps just own #wolf pack, somewhere #rivers is crying
This is why we have rain jackets. RT : Such a lovely day for the staff picnic o_O
It's in the works, along with several other projects. Stay tuned. Thanks!
The moment when you're debating to go buy #redbull then open your backpack to find a giant can waiting to be drank
you just
What is Shakespeare in the Streets? New event?
biber follow me please please follow me
S/O to me and momma! HAPPY BIRTHDAY Momma! ;)
Thanks to & for the follow!
Each friend represents a world in us, a world possibly not born until they arrive, and it is only by this meeting that a new world is born.
Good luck to the #COLTS this weekend! Don't forget to check out ask well!!
A toilet paper commercial just recommended discussing their product on facebook. Social media is depressing.
Was this close to booking Tosh.0, oh well, on to the next one as Jay would say!
Yup. That looks familiar too. Tho my standard practice was squeezing it out through the straw like a fountain.
The cove, born into brothels, food inc., bully, all examples shown
When you try to feed someone something they're allergic too. Without knowing it was what they're allergic too until after. Thats why no like
Not looking forward to this photography exam
This file cannot be opened because it is Kurupt.
Jumping in the convo now. Catching up and learning from these points. Great stuff!
What I need from you is understanding
Exactly How to Lose 30 Pounds in 30 Days - coming soon
Depends what parts of Tokyo. In my old master's neighborhood, you couldn't walk down the street without being attacked. :P
haha I play u 1 on 1 anytime anywhere
umm, relax? At least for the summer
do you book group travel ?
Good Morning Ms.CHACHI
Happy Birthday to my Brother Kevin!
It's cold too.
Your natural fascination advantage reflects how you naturally succeed and persuade. What are you currently doing in your career?
Dr. Giedds poses question: can u be addicted to the Internet? Diff cultures approach differently.
Given my recent press coverage, how did I not get an invite to celebrate #Roswells42BdayFavorites!?
refreshing the fedex tracking page and seeing that its in your city but wont deliver for another day
There are years that ask questions and years that answer. ~ Zora Neale Hurston
As long as there's something to see I'll see it with you. As long as the days can seem we'll find something to do
It's the #First Day of Spring!! How is your #salon going to make the best of the warming season?
playing baseball with no effort or passion is a crime. The Red Sox are guilty.
I have way too many people following me and I'm not following back. My bad twitterlings. Following now...
Keep reading about multiple versions of Windows 7. When will MS get it? We need one consumer/business version @ $149. Make MC a $99 add-on.
I will get the best tan ever this summer.
Kanye West is the only one that can say Good Morning @ 10:01
follow me :)
Im doing great Alana how are you? <U+E057>
- Thanks so much for coming on the show! :)
What is there to hate?
can you handle the raider rash? OU couldn't?
Shes as bright as the Dallas sky, she always holds her head up high, she loves the company of her family.
not bad I'm a a big panik fan ... Wasn't rashaun Dixon drafted in 08?
: Darn :( all I want it for you to Tweet me lol good luck!
Start using DuoView digital x-ray for as little as $120/month! Contact Dan @(913) 915-6089 or , today!
. My apologies. I was too busy being wildly successful to get back to your tweet. I'm sure you understand what that's like.
my brother once was painting a house slipped and just about got hung by them. I would say no #ouch #
Spring Break is here! LDCM is open every day next week, Mon-Fri 9a-4p. Make your vacation an exciting, interactive, family experience!
Guess who is seeing in february?! This girl is!(:
If you'd know where it was, you'd know where it was. -Grandma...
smart lady. I'm going to steal that from her.
needs to come to ny asap!!!
Can anyone share a good assessment tool that help measure recidivism?
Jersey Shore in 15 minutes :)
Alumni Basketball Challenge tonight. Very fun event, this year's alumni team should be very strong. Let the fun begin @ 7pm!
it's a beautiful day in tennessee! #why am i still in the car?
Thanks, Lauri! Has a nice sound to it :)
Put more cherry lip balm on! *kiss*
RT : If I don't know you & you're asking me to do something for you for free, please don't be offended when I'm not flattered.
The new site is beautiful.
Yep. Easy install. Slick experience overall. Account linkup felt like magic. So far so good.
That looks like chaos, calm everybody down.
U all Deserve a good time! U look fabulous.UR in my prayers & I LoveU<U+2665>
Throwing my favorite sister (my only)- my best friend, 1 of my soulmates, a kick ass bachelorette party tom! Shooting with
Should be an awesome event. sponsors #smbmad. Robert Half Tech and
I hope this wish actually comes true
Thank you for having us on your Hometown Hotspot segment this morning.
True. But I'm confident that every "spiritual" person has this thought when confronted with death.
:) It is so great to say to yourself when things aren't where you want them to be! It helps.
Not cool at all and are both good and extremly talented.so why competition??
It is a good thing my apartment is so small. I don't have to lurch very far to retrieve necessary items.
idk cause id have to get a ride home sunday depending on when the game is.. they won't know when til Saturdays game is over
I'm at karaoke and I'm gonna sing buffalo soldier with a jamaican accent!!! - Aaron : )
Happy Mother's Day to me - just took an hour long nap!
May the new year be filled with love, peace and music for you.
Don’t wait for a storm to buy an umbrella. Start planning your holiday stories in advance. For instance, Memorial Day is coming up!
so hepped up on multiple iced teas, driving back to Bmore.
You've got to label #Breivik what he really is, a
Sucks when you realize you're not so different.
Never get attached.
see you later this week in Indianapolis! www.nbmshows.com/indy
Watching "The Ellen DeGeneres Show" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Having a serious heart to heart then i see & convo on here& now i cant stop laughin #wtf <3
delete this !!
I thought for a second you spelled soccer wrong. RT : Dear ESPN, today is May 11. We don't need to talk about Tim Tebow.
Lol the only place I find them acceptable is in the garden even then soo ugly
twitter just wack
Haha oh so you were a hippie then? Haha jk jk, well I'm glad you're not a hippie!!
Omg...hurry up I wanna go home old man!
This is my pursuit of happiness :)
yeaa ... i need to get some money....
damn that's pretty sad, your grandma goes harder than you do
Went on a walk with S tonight :-)
#Letsbringback the whole 80's look so i can go buy a jean jacket.
haha! I like that! Did u make it up urself? :)
RT : sayeth the physicists: There are no things, structure is all there is.
hey there bad ass!:)
Entitlement Addiction - American Thinker
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see this, i love you<33333333
Happy International Women's Day. And remember, women are the majority. Let's act like it.
Our good friends The Trophy Fire play The Great American Music Hall with DREDG tonight. Love the new tracks, Ben...sounding great!
Winter weather advisory but it looks like our sessions will continue as scheduled. If you feel the roads get too iffy, call or text.
sweet lol i get TSA issues all the time. strobes in a pelican transport case look like warheads and I transport a gun also
Watching Jimmy Fallon, & NOW realize why everyone said Indianapolis was so Friendly downtown, Alcohol was being served everwhere.
summer reunion party tomorrow!! I better see you!
Awesome. not sure if I saw you on stream or not last night. What team were you on? RT : Its cool! Lol. The team matches
Hi Terri, have a good night
My godsister does not have a Twitter account but just told me of 3 tweets of mine that made her laugh. Is that not stalker-ish behavior???
Spending some quality time tonight with my good friends Bolman and Deal.
They could've atleast got a better instrumental. . .something a lil more original
i love how totally gets me, and how when i say certain things to my bf he says "crazyGFprobz" <333
Jusg got home from school! :)
SURF: 2-3 ft + (Pacific Beach) knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS Offshore flow and mostly clean conditions this afternoon
digs won't let me connect to hotmail or a second twitter account. what's up?
We're working on it. RT : put some of that clear10 in Akron!
Hi publisherspage. Hope everything is well with you. I am very happy to meet your acquaintance. Will get back after Tbreak.
I'll watch Attack The Block now
Thanks to Tammy Haddad 4 another wonderful #White House Correspondent's Dinner brunch. Later, the dinner ... to see who is there to see!
Blue Olives at Badger Bowl tomorrow night.
omg if they are playin w me I will b sad
thank you very much
#nw crossroads !! Lol such a great movie.. Back when britney was still innocent
I love watching NBC5 sports Sunday. Very funny show. as funny as SNL. HS TV live every Sunday night. Not talents fault. Technical issues.
RT : Hey what's the location of tonight's event? > 9-11 Crawford St. Suite 8
shooting a gun! Ecspecially the BIG ones...lol. Good job & good luck! Have fun!! :-)
Just as I thought I knew it from the moment I saw you are a fucking unbalanced disaster it's official....<U+E40E><U+E113><U+E421>
I forgot how slow dreamhost is to respond to help tickets. 24hrs and waiting.
Going to be a hot 96 degrees 2day. Come down by the river in & check out the beautiful scene & get some refreshing Ice Cream!
HH when you get back? I wanna hear about your trip!
ACstyle will be arriving in Hollywood next week!! Get Ready for her Exclusive Single Release Party at Key Club!! NEXT FRIDAY!
"Fans love nonsequiturs" RT : "People don't want hints of things to come, just out-of-context dialogue" - terrible Mad Men editor
For the most success you must promote your Twitter account
Let's start it right , 2nite, Doors open till 3 am, Check out the "TOP SHELF" #Bottomlesscup, NEW FORMAT, NEW DJ's, see ya
There's not a lot of "round and round" to be had: Xerox is woefully underpaying its employees at that rate.
good point but for me it's only 24 years
well it's not anything online yet, just to another folder on my mac... literally the button says publish and it puts everything...
My account was hacked o.O fasinating. not really.
Dad, will you set up the water side? "Dude, that means I'll have to put on pants".
I need to get writing over some of my music.
find anyone else needing a video shot bro or a 2nd one u want to do? #letsgotowork lol
follow back please ^.^
I love the smell of orange kush, but purplecstasy"purple dro" reaks worse then hash, but hash gets you the highest yeww:)
You are so right!
Picking up extra shifts at work when I should be studying (aka sleeping) <<<
#Hyde #SBE We will be there!!!
Tired of the shameless profiteering and the creation of an entire generation of #Orioles fans who only know losing? Follow
Happy my imdb record is finally getting sorted out from my namesake's. Enjoyed borrowing his gangsta creds, but tired of being 6 feet tall.
very sad she is very much missed....
Hope those Bieber fans don't send you threatening Tweets if that's really him!
Guess I'm calling it a night, going to sleep <U+2B07> is not the move. _____ doesn't care about my feelings though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Check out www.buywithme.com for super deals on pilates, yoga & massages at East Village Body Shop!
Vibrant Bean and Radish Salad and Fresh Rosé for Memorial Day (Wine Spectator) A recipe from chef Chris Cosentino's new book, plus a list
It had, for some reason, the highest water pressure of any hotel I've ever stayed in.
Hi Patrick, I'm blogging about SXSWi for Entrepreneur Mag, would you have time to meet up for a quick photo today?
Worried about you watching season 3 opener, so much stress, want you and fam to be calm and happy
I say 40%. He had no business moving up into MWP who was clearly emotional about the non-call on the foul when he dunked
thanks for following!
It's true GDocs is way nice... do you use the whole suite? I use spreadsheets and docs, but I've seen cool uses of forms too...
would you consider LI, NY (Nassau) a 'local' visit? Am looking to book an author, would luv to have u, but too much $$ for overnite
who cares? His acting sucks and he's a traitor
That's why we asked -- I wanted to know what people thought vs. what objective numbers showed.
Thanks Josh for losing my like 30$ calculater during Eoi, testing yesterday.. Awesome.. #seriously though
I feel so bereft when The Daily Show takes a break.
I question the timing of your announcement about Team Radio Shack. That news couldn't wait until after the Tour de France?
No surprise that Chelsea fans showed their lack of class during the minute's silence today
#WeWereCoolUntil you became obssesed with me telliing everyone we talked
Thankful for the extra sleep I got this morning
<----Follow Big Country he a beast n the #UFC hes followin me he just might follow u!!!
he said iconic:3
it REALLY hurts ha
I'm having a hard time believing the Pittsburgh Trends list right now...no #SidtheKidComeback ? No #MarchMadness ? No #SpringinMarch ?
Striving to solve homelessness in #Miami, our shelter provides a safe transitional environment to up to 236 persons at a time.
I would be so much less happy without butter and salt.
Best of luck, very happy to have gotten to know your work. Look forward to seeing where you put your talents next. Thank you.
I'm so sorry I failed you. There is nothing I want more than for us to be together.
“: What does APUSH even stand for?” hahahaha this made my day
Since I was a kid I have wanted a music studio in my basement. I blame Uncle Jessie and Uncle Joey for some of that.
Nothing still, even after sent me a direct tweet! RT : that sounds like a bunch of BS, need to keep...
RT : It's a date! Sorry, got distracted. I'm in!
with a very nice round of 84. Only +2 on the back 9
Thanks for all the retweets :)
She's a foot dragger
Big Bill is happy to repay any FFs or RTs with a well-paying no-show government job!
REALLY like this lineup right now
France is the home of the baguette, that savory, crisp staple of a fabled gastronomy.
Tonight was such an amazing night! I met jaja, and emilio! Love the choreos! It was really chalenging! :D
thank you so much!
I wanna go egg hunting!!! #Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
#randomfact...dream books were the rage in Harlem in the '20's and '30's to pick a winning # in the policy game..they were sold everywhere
Shopping for the theme for tomorrow's aid station at American Apparel w/
Words cant explaine how pissd I am right now !!
Recruiting for at the graduate fair in #Coffman hall at the
just saw stuff at target, was wondering what that was all about!
2 funny from my last posting- r Rms Exec was nice enough 2 take off his belt & let our guest borrow for his meeting. All about gst service!
na mate just watch the ticker online whilst I work. The mega millions could have solved this problem. Haha
This kid is weird.
kk i will tell him :)
Long day with but I can see the light at the end of the tunnel. We kicked butt with that project!
hidden hotspots where SWA flies would be great. The things ppl should see but don't know about!
It's a little rainy but not too bad, bring a rainjacket or an umbrella.
I guess all of Seattle had ice cream cravings today - Full Tilt is packed like never before!
Good Morning guys!! Those how follow me, please tell me so I can follow back!! RT
- thanks for moderating this great chat. I'll be on the road next week, so will miss it!
well I'm handed to South Beach on Tuesday. I'll keep a close eye for
Raquel finds useful teaching tips all the time on Facebook.
Soup and crackers time <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Rediscovering MOA's Highlands Steakhouse - Philippine Star
May 4th, mark your calendars for our FitFiesta! This fundraiser will allow us to further our efforts for the prevention of
Who's going to Washed Out tonight??
I'm thinking a of starting a hits and misses for each month instead of monthly favorites! Also doing a travel needs video! Going to Vegas :)
So tru wit his punk ass damn coach<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
i turn 20 in a week....damnn
Do u message back :)
It's not going to drive real estate dev in the area. That's my prediction anyway.
#gurt2011:t-shirts are very chic! Get yours at the registration desk starting tomorrow.
“ What does it profit a man to gain The Whole World and lose his Soul??” Deep but so true.....
Dam, Justin Bieber is still a Trending topic, wtf! how is that all the time?
follow because shes one of my main betchezzzzzzzzz
"Is she breathing?" *HONK* "Yeah, she's breathing."
Cost of raising a child in the U.S is 250k...my folks screwed out of a lot of money. Gonna look into my legal options.
Ah like music to my ears
we can't wait to *hear* what you come up with at our Spring Fair.
Listening to right now...right on
Congrats to athletes Scotty Mac and Kara June for winning the #Cap10K this morning. Way to run!!
hey cousin I miss you
<U+2605><U+2605>star on the move<U+2605><U+2605> Leggo....
word to YOUR momma, homie. Will check it out.
#SometimesYouHaveTo keep your judgements & opinions to yourself...Never know when it could be you in the same boat someday. Live & Let Live
SHE HAS A PICTURE OF ELEANOR ROOSEVELT ON HER WALL. What a rad pig.
Fashion week in NYC--Hitting up The UPPER West side in a few to party DOWN...
Your welcome :-) <3
can you please site the specific text from the document that drives your public health concern? Thank you
January is 30's or colder in denver .... Dress warm it's a icy time if year ...
Made me an amazing chocolate cake today :) thanks brotha from Anotha motha ^.^
#ArtistCitizen question 1: To what degree have artists become agents of revitalization and placemaking?
Really eye opening to hear #nurses from Australia, the UK, and South Korea about their struggles for safe patient care in their countries.
Some of the most generous things people can do are those which you don't ask for
Maryland Basketball is weaker today - thanks and Godspeed Gary!
Huntsman on military: "At the end of the day there are families who lived through this."
thanks for sharing!
News flash---- we are now an authorized dealer of KOHLER generators for your home or business.
In Austin-surround cities how many teachers have lost their jobs in last months? Let alone all over country, this is scary...
That's my Rice University! All Fela, all the time!
b m.i.a sposed to b wrkn on dus music shit we need to get on our grind
Um, guess who can't wait for the next season of
Great to hear!
damn - igoogle revision broke the theme I've been using for like 7 years. My start page, and by extension, day, is probably ruined.
Had a great night with and our families at Snappers. Collin was down to a 6 & 200 ticket suitcase in deal or no deal and lost!
Great work guys thx
Half of South Florida homes sell for a loss according to Florida Assoc of Realtors
Excited to see the new Fantasy. Nobody does it better than
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Remembering Sunday (featuring Juliet Simms) - All Time Low
The future's bright. What they say is true. But don't lose sight. Time won't wait for you.
Yeah I guess I was wrong about friendship, feel so out of sight, out of mind...
“: Hello(; your music is awesome :D” Hi! Thank you!:))
According to #icar report, only 4% of college students value twitter for academics.
you're really dorkey in a really cute way lol
just lost a follower. they can go play in traffic. (:
blowin up my cellular with tweets today..lol
got my eyes upon the cross, staying focused on my the Boss.
I've been working on a set of Spring Textures...Hope to have a few of them up by this weekend. :)
plausible, no way to tell for certain that != 0, unless the function f is known
Oh 9ers good thing this is preseason.
I hear ya. It took a challenge from a colleague to get me to blog three of the ideas that have been rattling around in my head.
Wishing everyone a very healthy, happy and prosperous New Year!
glad 2 see he is running for fun and not because Allied Gardens has been neglected for years!
GAC top 50 of the 90s is only doing a little bit each day?? WTF!!? : /
When u love some1 more then they love u maybe u'll understand y love isn't a game but a toxic waste ppl say it's good but I dnt believe it
u the only sis i dnt hear from
i love you both. <3
Ew Ron Jeremy.
Beating women? RT Back to work!!"
Second *snow day*. Working from home.
Fun fact its halloween my sons name is owen hall his name backwards? Hall owen put 3 gether? Hallowen lol get it
I NEVER KNEW LOVE WOULD HURT THIS FUCKINN BAD
Leslie. Why you creepin?
manage yr arks via EZID and the update the target url...
I... Really want to be a mermaid.
Why does this 3 year old thinks she running something lol
watching Jack White streaming in New York is oddly exactly what I needed
Cool as a cucumber B^|
not a fan of the rib burger I got. No good
you are so fucking cute just marry now ok
hypothetically ... If the Giants, Eagles and Cowboys finish 8-8, who wins the division?
Trust the Instinct.
TapTyping 3.3 is now available on the App Store. New: Inspirational Quotes lesson and a way to purchase all courses as one full curriculum.
Ill be in chicago in 2 days. Cant wait!
Working with my biffles today... This should be an interesting day! Maybe we'll put on a mini play and act like a random customer. :D
Last week, Twitter rolled out a major new feature: Twitter Lists
but you love me and that's what matters
Hey Bill how come you didn't come back to Ithaca when I was at Cornell??
Learn to trust, and watch and interact with visitors. See what they’re doing, or what they want to do, then do more of it.
couch cushions all the way!!!!
Any iPad deliveries today? Nothin' wrong with Wishin' and Hoping'.
he is not built to be a winner
Aww thanks! Hope you are doing well!
At this rate, we're going to be trending soon
Nice! I'll bend over...
That is hysterical!
everyone who pre-ordered the limited edition prints and CDs: everything is in the mail!
Deep breath. I might understand better if I was working on mine more. Gold star to you for digging it!
((((Holy Spirit Hugs to everyone)))) I <3 You!
#nce11A. November: review your filtering...make it least restrictive
Season 2, Episode 1, "A Scandal in Belgravia" is my favorite. Absolutely brilliant!
Dear Imani, everything is inplace for you to come home. Please come out now
Thank you for your #pcbw sponsorship!
Enjoy your weekend!
Honestly I think they're overrated but give 'em a try. Their sample was a kimchi Reuben.
Missing a fam. reunion that I wanted to go to. :(
Gatewood Galbraith, the smartest man who ever ran for governor in KY, died this morning. Our thanks to the Last Free Man in America.
I love you man!
OMG I got VIP tickets to ! and I will be there!!!
let's get a plyo routine figured out first! 360 between the legs boiiiii
Stability in life is not circumstantial, but a state of being that allows our perspective and way of relating to create an inner stability.
Walking with dog (:
I miss you <3
why not... Let's get this trending
I've never wanted anything more than I do right now...and that's a teacup pig. Someone please buy me one.
- if only Twitter had scratch and sniff. That pic smells like the intersection of NE 11th & Davis
set smoke to a huge ant with a magnifying glass
Have a heart that by no means stiffens, a temper that by no means tires, a touch that never injures.
Community outreach is critical to getting projects developed- sheri Desson-
And since I'm in a mood about senseless blackouts, no I'm not going to watch AZ-Mets on Fox, even though the #Cubs are unaffected.
I like Smokey too!
That would seriously be amazing. I've been a fan for over 2 years and have been wanting to meet ya! I'll preorder it now! :D
thanks i like mayor booker he doing a good job my photo was is a promo
If you're using the #MagicTan today, STAY DRY!! We don't want any streaky lookin' costumes ;)
Good morning guys! Did you make it in to #SUBWAY this morning for a #BOGO sandwich?
domesquad for life
he's an amazing singer and a great inspiration
sounds good!
Ive been sick for a month . && still counting . . .No doctor , just theraflu - wtff !
In NYC. Hit by a taxi cab. I pitched a story about a scam targeting grandmothers using their grandchildren's Facebook info. Got a victim.
RT Sveum plans to meet with Epstein and Hoyer to discuss Volstad's rotation spot and potential options.
morning! How's life?
Just updated to our festive holiday icon! May everyone have a happy, safe holiday season!
Aloha Peter, Can we connect for tropical flower sales from Hawaii?
STOP the Beat LA chants, please
One Night Full Of Passion,, Can Give U A Lifetime Of Pain!!
I sure hope so!!
Watching #theannouncement man this story is mind blowing.
Be 'Excellent' to each other...and...'Party Hard Dude!'
Thanks for submitting, Good luck with your proposal!
They say 50 is the new 30 — not in age, in money: $50 is now worth about $30.
You should be! They don't mess around! RT : I might go to this RPM class. I'm scared of all cycling classes.
Watching #angelinajolie on right now. Been waiting for this interview for so long! Wondering if she'll talk rumours.
Headed out.
me n the roommate might be hitting up #wolskis tonight
Zac Brown Band concert promos just added
Correx: Oakland County Commission makes final vote on DIA millage May 17, NOT tomorrow. Thx!
looking good!
": #Aries often are unwilling to obey or submit to directions unless there is a very good reason to. They lead, not follow."-:)
Have a blast at #HeartCamp! RT Thank you so much for having me on your show today. Love you both! ow.ly/8Q6Ls
yeah, I agree, but that sounds like the Tea Party again. Are you saying the internet shouldn't be regulated?
Thanks for serving on the review board! Nice that I've met one of the judges at SXSW before. I hope DC is treating you well.
where u
Im swervin out after I eat!
Good thing I have a photographic memory now.
When will you tweet details about LA
I <U+E32D> that movie!
Well, that was...weird. Oh well, one exam down, and one exam and one paper to go.
thanks for the nice shout out for Bent Road!
Tonight I was informed that I am about to get absolutely everything that I want and then some. I feel pretty good about this.
Good Morning World!! Currently at 10:12am in Atlanta, GA it is 48 degrees. High: 64* Low: 45*
Cannot wait till tonight I'll post pics later
that awkard moment when youre friend says they got u a great Christmas present and you realzie youve gotten them NOTHING! D: pop!
WOO! Thanks my sweet scrappy paper sweetie sexy etsy sellin, elmo meltin mama!
The day has come for us to win the race. #sophsnowdogs<3
I need to know the tour dates for 's tour!!!!!! NOW!
I know I saw this too... I was like.. I need to go on that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Tell all the English boys you meet to go to Murray Hill Saturday night to hang out with
When i want to kick back with some tough music that gets me pumped u know i gotta bump the
I did! Yea, the end wasn't really a big surprise. My overall faves were & for sure!
omfg you're crazy boo. I think you're so precious!
watching most daring these people fight over anything
The mother's heart is the child's schoolroom. - Henry Ward Beecher
How's about April 12 or 13?
I'm the Magic Man! Now you see me. {waves hands in front of face} Now you don't.
Why are you driving? Legit, I wanna go home and sleep in my bed. But you're preventing that by driving freaking 55 in the 65-_-
I'm thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself. -Albert Einstein
Ready to go home.. One more hour
This Is What Your Future Home Might Look Like
I know architects like scripting for cool form creation-grasshopper scripts etc. But PHP can really make BIM data do cool stuff.
Today's Flatbread: Pork Tenderloin w/ sun dried tomato, spinach & mozzarella Soups: Creamy Coconut & Celery or RaspberryHazelnut Gazpacho
If you haven't been on 's homepage today, you need to go there & click on the zipper!
Prom is approaching ladies! Book your appointment for prom makeup and hair today! Call 305-669-9220
You're next indie should star this person. Just a suggestion.
Hey, Best Bud xD
wish i was at the #VMAs so I could see
Free my nigga
Looking forward to making it out to Palo Alto this week for the Stanford Mobile Health Conference. Anyone else attending?
As a person that generally struggled with spelling as a child, that annoys the shit out of me.
fl attys - if at #roi2011 lunch is on me and upchurch watson firm at frenchy's rockaway right after Nick's talk. best fish in town!
you make me hard <3 (; thanks boo!
Thx 4 the RT! U R correct! Most of the growth in San Diego is attributed 2 existing families who remain in the area long-term.
really i bet...yeah there's no place like LA. What you getting into when you come out here in a few wks tho
Not really.
Game of Thrones is starting out it's epic run like Albert Pujols started his baseball career
give a tangible help to a needy child today, before today becomes a wasted yesterday and the child grows to be a less productive adult...
Thanks man, new songs coming soon!
New show at ! Photography by Marissa Petrell! Come check them out and grab some Froyo!
Officially obsessed with the new record "Noctourniquet." Can't. Stop. Playing.
lol na that's why they kept 8 fla, and Electro , but next season def
I love you!
Happy B-Day to my daddy, one of my biggest blessings by far!!!
Since u were a NASH cop is that legal? My parents own a biz, they disc what they want-but not alcohol biz-maybe that's the diff?
had the "Sweetest" reward post-20mile marathon training run 2day. Choco cupcake from Sweet. DELISH!
Just out of curiousity - Is there a website where you made the T-Shirts? We're in need of some new merch! ;)
Going to see#TheHelp hope its as good as they say.
Thanks to for tweeting the public humanities panel
Should be a good day today
I'm good. In L.A. April 5-8. Let's meet up
Pancakes, indeed. {Pass the maple syrup.}
Hey, that's me! :) Thank you for talking to us..and putting up with the wind/rain. Really enjoyed meeting your traveling trio.
Not one usually phased by pop culture, but I've given in to reading #TheHungerGames ..
Did you show him that new trick how you can make it smoke a cancer stick?
u cant look nasty and be a twerker ladies
Aww, what a bummer!
except that I'd totally do it too :-\
Sorry it look so long, but thank you for the RT a week or so ago.
Did you know one hour of massage has similar positive effects to the body as hours of sleep?
Looking forward to the semester end so much rushing around toll is taking.
Aw it's no problem! I love supporting people and meeting new people!!:)
Struck out at two record stores, no Shabazz Palaces #RSD12 on vinyl for me.
sure will watch it!
this salt water thing- lets just say me and the toilet are best friends.
#jeep was that a car ad or a political ad?
Guy's Falcon basketball had a good season. Good luck to the girls tomorrow!
GB relish Aussie water polo clash
headed to SMX in San Jose tomorrow anyone else going?
Writing 16s like internet child predators.
just remember if you get any F's in your exams. it means you're fabulous:)
Happy St. Patrick's Day! Here's a photo from the Philharmonithon this past Thursday- our wearin' o' the green costume contest.
0.0 good joke i havnt met u yet xP
So, 2day i asked a girl in line @ Starbucks if i could take a picture of her outfit bc i liked the colors, lol. Thought of you. :)
I love this video a lot, okay
tweeting to yourself like a lonely lady
What's fun to do in LA with a friend from out-of-town?
With all the holiday hooplah, completely forgot about CES this week. Any predictions? Keep hearing about e-readers, but...
let's get it changing the fuckn game!
my name is aj and I like to party
Loving Elle Macpherson's long, wavy locks on the red carpet!
Thanks to everyone who came in the last couple hrs & took advantage of the $1 scoop special. Shhh we let more than 5 people in on the deal!
A Chanel sweatshirt is still just a sweatshirt.
Bulls following out of it tonight? Or can they get the win?
And the First Lady is not fat by anyone's definition.
...why you betray mi? el Awesomo es full of fun! refollow?
D-Money
Wow. I gotta contact RuPaul. Fortuna Foothills would make a great SoCal drag name.
it looks like my facebook got deleted once again..i hate this shit. i dont think i'll be making one anytime soon..you can just follow me
Equinox Executive Director Ann Tartre will be speaking about our 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard on KPBS in just a few minutes.
Rented Happy Feet 2 and told kids it was "penguin movie". They both got mad it wasn't Penguin from 1966 "Batman", which we're now watching.
#Brewers return from the Pacific w/ 3 wounded men.
She'll bring out the best and the worst you can be. Blame it all on yourself, cause she's always a woman to me.
Kamp Kizzy was so amazing I was inspired today. Thank you so much for giving back to our young girls.
Lets make a clothing line.... And modeling company...
RT : ": When little kids stare at u for a long period of time for no reason.only kids could make me feel so awkward
Sorry forr the last status, it was pedro
Do you wanna know how to get 21x more swag.? Have be in your magazine<21
#Stars2Know is awesome!!
I wish I knew what I could do to continue teaching...
Lamborghini mercy, yo girl so thirsty
I refuse to be a consumer anymore ... oh look, shiny!
Well soak it in warm water
What he said...
By the way you guys have a safe trip home tomorrow I need my new medicine all in one peace haha!
so where is my plate?
Believe me when I say that 3-7pm will be plenty of time to sample all the craft beer you can handle:)
and thts an UNFORTUNATE side effect, everyone has to give a little to gain a little tho
I was gonna turn it, then they reminded me that Brad Pitt and George Clooney were coming up next....well played ABC, well played.
All men do.
Just picked up my books for #worldbooknight! I'm so excited for this!
Finished pre-production for tomorrow's shoot! We will be taking lots of pictures for you all.
Happy new Year!
Success on my mind.
somehow, I've come far enough to follow a talk invoking vector space models!
cant make it tonight! :(
If u are experiencing attacks for no reason and you know you're doing right ,, the devils made cause you're about to be blessed!
Glad to find you here on Twitter. Looking to get back into racing this year. Say hi to Jim and Sue...it's been several years!
True love is when he holds your hair while youre giving him a blowjob
Chilies wit dinner wit boo. Again .
Mental note re: future ... Sitting by the copier is a social connection that makes work even more fun.
Not 43 min. video but slides appreciated when time means everything
“Happy’s not an action; you just feel that way.” —Ambersunshower
Thank God it's about time already!
Alcohol - the cause of, and solution to, all of life's problems. ~ Homer Simpson
Thanks for adding me to your list for Political.
OMG you are so lucky wow. Yea i think you are pregnant now lol. Well i'm glad you had a good time :) you deserved it.
hello.. what up?
Just finished watching The Hunger Games :D
I smell Jews
ha thanks. people are strange indeed hope you can brush off the unkindness!
I hate everything -__-
Definitely letter. Elevators too!
Who's bigger? Kelly clarkson or Adele? I mean who's a bigger... Star..?
Love is like Milk....it Expires
“: You tardy for the wedding??? Can't wait til you have a show documenting your marriage :) 143”>>psh! Never
when do you get back?!
JSB: "What would grant challenges look like if set forth by American Academy of Arts & Sciences?" Need both HUMA & STEM
oh no! At least you can't smell it on screen...
I, wrote a song, it is good, but a little to short, and kind of weird, lol
Parents are always tryna go in!!!!!!!! -___- Off to this Miles Davis Class soon...
thank goodness for that star. now i can hang with you again.
the slow red fox jumped past the boring dog.
Feeling good...
ALSO GET READY MY MIX TAP IS COMING OUT SOON ;)
Congratulations Susan S. - you won a $100 gift card to Famous Daves! We will be sending you an email soon. Enjoy!
great day for a tempo run yo ... Where u at?
so you already are out of candy? Dang!
You must not be familiar with what life is like in Philly. The streets in many neighborhoods are already extremely violent.
We #LOVE our Tweeps! Show this tweet at the door after 10pm tonight and get a BOGO Admission deal.
“: #Scorpio's can drink more than you.” hell yeah martian status<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Well, I wouldn't go that far ;-)
After 8 days away, spent much of 1st 2-hours in office doing OS & app updates. 2 boots, 6 reboots. Safety first!
well... i can see what i can do... they fancy a red head every so often
Watching my favorite movie
Come in and try our soup du jour- split pea & ham. Perfect for a winter day.
Tomorrows game the new expansion team Montreal will reveal the new logo for 2012.
Sorry for the hiatus we're covering a lot of amazing shows in the next few weeks with a new issue coming very soon!!!! :)
“: You are not ugly. Society is. Nah, just kidding, you're ugly.”
just came from that walk
You dirty haha!
You're the 2nd person to mention that! But I guess that's the 2011, which I didn't get, sadly.
NEVER call a girl ugly
GU energy gel: speed for runners
On the way to the Magic Emporium to see Peter Pitchford
Is the Lurch Papa going to call into the show anytime soon?
6 SEO Basics every e-commerce site needs to incorporate:
ARG a terrible term and is at the root of a lot of confusion…such as this terminology-oriented discussion!
Im getting vlado's for my birthday
You taste like cherry kool aid. ;) I mean that in the most sexual way possible
Play #dyngusday twisted trivia with next!
text me il explain
phew spoilt for choice!! Was backroom any good? OMG this is fab though, what's happening that it's open on a Friday?!
it's not worth hurting myself anymore man !!! :'(
It's My Daddy's Birthday! Just Arrived In Spain!(:
more on tha way!!!
I love yo ass like the ninja turtles lovin pizza.
I've never been the interviewee and I'm a bit wary of it, to be honest. Can you e-mail me with details? nhusain14[at]gmail
Everybody need to go and follow and hear her music it is amazing...
Riding the red line sometimes reminds me of a Hey Arnold episode with the mole man who lives in the tunnels.
Photobooth rentals for ANY event: Weddings,Corporate,Birthday,Prom,Church Party
Baby you light up my world like nobody else :)
Essays essays essays... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
and the fracturing of the Tebow coalition has begun...now if they don't get Manning, what happens???
going well! How are you?
yes but I'm only working with 140 characters man and I got 2 get the touring bands at least
Nba players should start a bounty program to take lebron out lol.
my professor is actually a moron. wrote a paper word for word out from sparknotes and got a 97
thanks for the mention!
#TheBestFeeling Is When i get out the shower....i be like damn i smell fresh as hell
Hope everyone is having a great Friday night!
Retouching images from #fitnessamerica photoshoots. If you want to shoot, no session fee.
iPads & docents session was very well attended, everyone seemed excited.
Too cheap for iTunes? Save $$$- check me out on Pandora. Don't forget- Sun Jazz Session - 3/4 - Andys Jazz Club@ 9pm-$10
cheese and crackers!
": Who needs beats?" where they at.
#np Rick Ross ft. Nicki Minaj - You the Boss
"To me, a punk is someone who says what's on his mind and who doesn't take no shit!" -Rick James in Blues & Soul Magazine (November.1979)
I would seriously give up all my happiness for a lifetime if all my family and friends had ever lasting happiness.
Glad to see you on Twitter! If u pick the right people to follow, u can learn a whole lot!
Bon Iver is a well-deserved Grammy winner and amen for him giving Eau Claire, WI a shout out!
RT " God is our refuge and strength, an ever present help in trouble." Psalm 46:1
when i grow up I want to be like
I guarantee your gut feeling isn't all your own.
I def will once my twitter stops being retarded lol :)
I feel like an old lady
Col.Gaiter my father saw action in WWII Korea+Vietnam in watch on
rocking to the new Silversun Pickups~
surprised me too...
Doing research for the last few hours sure does make your eyes hurt. Ouch!!! Might be time for a break.
its ok just stick your whole mouth in there! No one cares! Haha
For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart
Zac Brown Band WOULD come to town the weekend I'll be in Illinois.
...Been back to Revive lately for some red velvet waffles and chicken?
Ok so I am winning an eBay auction for a new tt frame. Anyone need a size small Kuota Kalibur? I need to sell if I win the auction
I spent 6 straight weeks in Denver and that damn thin air up there ain't no joke!!! I tried 2 workout & thought I was having a Heart Attack!
If you would like MCTS to contact your employer to confirm your bus was late you can call 414-937-3218.
Troubling #FCAT scores spark emergency meeting. See my story at 6am on NBC6
You can get a double like for bacon!
you're the one freaking out for no reason. Why would i be jealous?
She's domestic now. Domestically partnered, that is.
5K hi-tech jobs lost by politicizing the AT&T merger. Anti-business government is anti-jobs government.~D
#askbriana what is your dream love? xx
not true!
i was just teasing... but I knew you'd throw out some sort of comeback
No RT “: Am I the only one who watched loads of Justin bieber interviews then feel like I know him...?”
you think mark cuban is about to crap himself?
Hi Kaley!! Stopping in to say hi. Hope you are doing well and that you're having a good week. Take care.
Woo Hoooo #sxsw here we come! See you soon Brian, the first lonestar's on me
Please "LIKE" me......it means a lot!
do we care? did we ever?
Just killed a tarantula of a spider with nine lives (I seriously whacked him with a shoe 4 times).
: you got me again...that's twice in a row... posted via
Srsly? All Of BC is rooting 4u RT : I enjoy how BC and BU fans think they are the only teams in
- i suppose... if there had to be an alternate to cheese .....it would be a Scottish accent ;)
You keep Don Sheedle's name out yer filthy trouble-making mouth!
my life is so real, no Denzel, I cant act for shit #Ca$hOut
The office today RT : I can't tell if those are snow flakes or blossom pedals flying past my window.
aw, sweetie, I'd give you a hug if you were nearby!
Excited for #CoSN2012 this week! Looking forward to seeing examples of great teaching & learning!
I had lamb belly for dinner.
Hey!! Sorry about yesterday! lol but How is your day going so far?! :)
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust. RIP gramps.
How much. Undergrad me got her books and got out. She didn't hang out in the library.
Yeah you did! So did I! I didnt know you had your license! :(
I've really been appreciating the small stuff recently.
Fly by and is my new favorite song :) LOVE it and BOTH of you<3
Water park all day. Hai.
The use of that phrase I'll fully support.
one time I broke my toe by walking into a door
yep :) How can I pray for you?
I've been asking myself this question for the last two years
Music expresses what cannot be said in words.
well if your out and about today let me know. I'd love to meet up for a second and show you what we got.
Tonight I learned never to fuck with a shadow baby.
Day 4. Roadtrip with my son. Cares fade away.
NUMBER THREE: The street will not be closed, #dontgo in the street, you don't want to get hit by a truck, that would be bad
HIT ME AND CANT THE FUCK FIGHT LOL
Is on my boat today
Fried catfish fillets halfs and homemade fries! Pops just threw DOWN!
but the Cam is it Pitt! “: So excited for 3 x MN Ls in NYC! You book your tix & let's get Bigg a map - Too bad the Cam isn't here!
Just because you study it means nothing, if you don't practice it you're wasting brain space.
It's an INCREDIBLE Friday here in DC!! How are things where you are today?
I just heard a HORRIBLE ass accident outside... Jesus!
Milwaukee police confirm hours later that 3 people were shot on 48 and Lisbon overnight. 1 is critical
OSC's to-do list: 1. Check Q Meter and make sure it's not too high. 2. Test people's capability for cognitive dissonance.
LL Cool J - Going Back To Cali: via
it's going to be a long off-season...I just caught myself writing Magic instead of May
Your DPs look so beautiful, Cody!
Happy 90th birthday to the original Golden Girl,
Fry's is like the Ikea of electronics. Yeow.
Not sure that smashing a pan with a better pan makes me want to purchase.
Kidney empty let early menopause appeared | Meizitang botanical ...
RT : Tayari, Happy M Day to your lovely Mama & congrats to you on choosing Silver Sparrow as his Pulitzer choice.
Just added those. Feel free to list yourself under those interests now.
wow lol that's crazy haha but at least when I go buy alcohol I still get Ask I'd lol
Now out to the Nike store!
A woman of 35 thinks of having children. What does a man of 35 think of? How much his wife has begun to resemble Morly Safer.
#BackWhenIWasLittle I would cry and not move if I got my hands dirty. And my parents claim they never knew...
I defer to for the best invite-only parties. ;)
Conservatism based on the past does not drive our future.
you got this Jade!!! One thing at a time, day by day ....
you know I'm ready!
A Review of Alain de Botton&#39;s Religion for Atheists
L -is for the way you look at me O -is for the only one i see V -is very very, extraordinary E -is even more than anyone that you adore can
for a stamp? HELL YEAH!
Anyone else getting a Kettlebell workout in tomorrow morning? Swings & thrusters for time is on my list.
i shud have bought that earring i liked at the shop while i was helping(T_T)(T_T)tohoho
Everyone go Check out Ryter Gear Company. they keep us clothed!
Two auditions today, applied for a job, moved my entire room into a closet, and am spending the night at LAX. Must. Stay. Awake.
If you have headaches, numbness, weakness, pain down the arms & medication isn't helping, it's time to see a Dr. Or get your
New Year's Eve will never be the same without Dick Clark
I fell really really hard on my leg and my took the full force of the blow. Not a good way to go into the weekend.
22:46 I just prayed for revival and reformation in the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Join me 7 days a week, at 7 a.m. and p.m. bit.ly/erhT8n
How do you "LIKE" something on this thing? I "like" your Dracula's Lament quote.
Favorite song from Arms RT
I need a strong ass
yes...yes it should!
So, turns out I'm better at Wii mini golf than I am at actual mini golf.
grade my effing exam, accounting nazi!
She is doing a lot of dismissing today haha #tellemgirl : Is ruthless in these streets. She be going in"
: Morning to you too!
“: If you place your heart in God's hand, he will place your heart in the hands of a worthy person.”
Iphone stolen last night at the gas station :-/
It is oddly satisfying to be working on an excel spreadsheet, while listening to my itunes:-)
So sorry that happened 2u. U need to file a complaint w/the city's community relations committee asap. Will send u the link
RT : Getting this PowerPoint for done (:
How many millions $$$ do we spend to get Clemens? OK. We all know he did it and lied. Enough already.
Watching the Majors&Minors Finale...I have the biggest crush on
The reason for the difference is how a man takes his steps
I followed her
I love the #color #palette of
Why yes he is. RT : Had a fantastic brain storming / marketing meeting with the great today. He's all sorts of brilliant.
You couldn't even do a half. Shut-up.
Calendar says it's still winter. Wore shorts and a t-shirt while hiking and worked up a sweat. Hope that's not a bad sign for a hot summer.
Hoping friends in Kansas are staying safe and away from severe weather. (Kinda miss living there during tornado season, though!)
is watching the replay of TUF even though they keep playing commercials that ruin the outcome.
too bad it was all a lie
hahahhaah u guys are STUPID!!!hhahh 3mins my A-HOLE!
Still haven't found a book on telepathy but did find one about lucid dreaming. Very interesting stuff.
Potato sausage today! Delicious
their obviously the worst stores ever
And I didn't shoot Henry Miro either..he got himself in trouble with income taxes in 1932 and was sent off to prison very much alive..
Good on you. That is very exciting.
Walked right past a #skunk on sidewalk right outside apartment. Was shaking its bushy tail at me. I ran.
So what happened to such and such
take the hint, gain some respect, and stop embarrassing yourself and our fraternity.
I said I will, so I will! x
The power of unplugging the x-box on a teenager until further notice or compliance with household rules cannot be underestimated. :)
Tornados have all ready been reported in TN & AL. HIGH risk of svr storms & tornados continuing throughout the day for those areas!
Like C-3PO, but less charismatic
Now I ain't sayin' she a gold digggaaa.
Skill Share Fair this friday 4-6pm at Pratt Manhattan. Everyone welcome!
#FF to the gals from the Dude
Tell President Obama and the FDA: Its time to Label GMOs! Please RT #Obama #label #GMOs http//bit.ly/GBdWms
Good Monday morning to all you beautiful faces out there!! Hope you're getting your week off to a great start! Let's get it in gear!!
ESTA NOCHE- Come out to !! Dress to impress and dance all night with SOL CARIBE!
But he agrees with him!!!
When is your segment? Want to be sure to watch. Will it be on the internet by chance? Congrats!
Really enjoying the PATINS workshop. Great stuff!
let me know how it is!
Hope you have a fantastic weekend as well to finish it off! :3
#FF some of my first followers!
aw </3 im so sorry :l
I have been waiting for Jessica Sanchez to sing this song since I herd her voice #soexcited Praying she pulls it off<U+2764>
I'm excited too! #lamestafftweet :)
Kiev airport. Good times. Sad to leave Israel but ready to be back on American soil!
Cool Blog! Stay tuned for the release of our website.
Let me die young,or let me be forever young.
Blahh the hills until my insomnia goes away and I fall asleep
Letter Writers are writing merrily away. I am sleepily grading papers. 2 done, not *that* many left to go.
Went to #Applebees with the church family. :-) good times
That would be #TwistedLiam, which you are. Why else would you be in ? ;)
60% of users expect a mobile site to load in less than 3 seconds. wow.
haha hate our lives
Playing a few tunes for at Pleasant Hill Baptist Church in Cville, KY this morning-BH
All MacMedics offices are open today. We've been getting a ton of phone calls asking if we're open.
Liz defines flawless. Her amazing voice & beauty & talent &inspiration is what keeps me going. I will never stop supporting my rolemodel<3.
Biiitttccchhhh - This weekend blew donkey dick.
#emorydisc Georgia Tech researchers developing glasses connected to iPhone to deliver realtime captions.
Arrive in style, be safe, take to #ATasteofFashion tomorrow evening. $10 off to and from the event.
Client meetings all day.
Baby with &#39;bucket list&#39; dies
Thx! for the follow.
need last minute vday help! On Adams present, should I write true love waits, true love lasts, or true love lives???
I woke up with u on my mind...
thanks for the clever promotion (#dontyoujustlovehastags) but you forgot to mention my razor wit and dashing looks
That awkward moment when pretty much all your friends are like a foot taller than you.
Have you tried purchasing a deal on your smartphone before? If so, try again (we made it easier with an app!)
I hate when dudes don't wash their hands after they use the bathroom...
Great point Smoltz. Because the Yankees have three righties in the lineup, he can get easy outs with them. Jeter and A-Rod who?
Total fantasy.
we were born to die
In Woodbine's 8th tonight, I like #2 Bluegrass Bear at 3/1 or more.
And now it is not snowing.
Shows anyone?
why cant men,meaning , ever put things back where they belong, it's easier to find things when u r looking for them!
Oh goodness... that sounds to-die-for! I just might do that tonight!
I love how the solution to cities having no fiscal authority is to give them less.
at the shop
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: During a divorce, think long term. If you leave the home, it might be hard to win it back in court later.
Reading Sixty-Seconds to Yes! by Don Spini. This is a MUST read for any person in sales.
me too chicka! and i know :(
nope it's all ages! Woo Hoo!!
people worry to much wat others think if u have to depend on that u fucking suck and u fail in everything u do
Love god love others
New Costume Big John Wig
I don't know why there isn't a rain cloud over my head.
You still have time to plant your pansy plants for Spring Color
Obama race-baiting on Trayvon? Get real! His conservative critics who would rather side w/ a murderer and hate on Obama are race-baiters.
Leaven the dealership worried bout gas n not the price of the Whip Lol!
36% of people consider pizza the perfect breakfast
Thanks for the retweet !
You are very welcome. Does Metro Lexus sponsor or participate with any groups that promote entrepreneurism in NE Ohio/Cleveland?
Livin Young & Wild & Free<U+2665> :P
saw a certain story on this morning. :) and in WHOO HOO!
I hope not.
I get so many DMs I try to talk to everyone I'll get to you tomorrow<33
This "Justin bieber being a baby daddy" thing is really stupid. Just sayin'.
Womp womp, RT : Chipper Jones will have arthroscopic surgery Monday to repair torn meniscus in left knee.
Clients remember successful projects and unresolved issues. How do you want to be remembered?
Yeah Chesapeake and McDonalds are gonna take ovoer the world someday
I'd give up my seat for a woman who clearly knows how to start metro parties too.
Squawk! Nope, never -- the #piggies are quite sneaky! RT Chirp! Do you ever feel sorry for the #piggies?
Fun - We're Not Young (Yahoo!'s SketchY Parody): via
For those who are working towards your goals remember the ones who helped you when other didn't pay you any attention
Off to my first final of grad school
yes you already kno
Giants won! Are you mad? ;)
after a yuck day of paperwork yesterday ( yes stilling using paper ) - we'll be recording acoustic track today with
thanks u dirty slut!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Galaxy Gold: the color that makes absolutely no fucking sense for the Emerald City.
Digging the sm video and the panel. I need to tweet more
For those of you who have been following along I just want you to know the punchline: the sprinkler is still broken.
Happy #Easter! Eggs symbolize new life. The Easter Bunny recalls the hare, the Egyptian symbol of fertility.
(cont) That quote was from a review of Taylor Walsh's history of open education. Do you buy 's argument? #oer (cc: )
RT: can't BELIEVE NV has become such a political hot spot. If Sharon Angle wins, NV is officially the Mississippi of the ...
Had a great workout this morning. Missed you ! At least 3 people looked at their watches and said "...aren't you late??"
Legally Blonde is on but I need to go to sleep.
Thanks. Right now I give the edge to EC, though I'm not sure how much I'll be listening to it in, say, 2013.
woo. speechless ;D.
SO cute.
Good we can make an ass out of him again!
Love is like a rainbow: the more you see it, the more you realize what a miracle it really is
#funny We can construct a paco weapon at work and use it on
New York city here I come!!!!!
Hey all! What's happening?
I can help you with that. :)
recommendations on where to publish poetry online?
Thanks for helping spread the word! RT Yay RT: Great news: Ford Foundation is funding Half the Sky game on Facebook!
oh ok...well there was one in Manhattan also xD oh well, how are you?
It is neither wealth nor splendor; but tranquility and occupation which give happiness
Seriously. Too many nuts out there. RT : So when did it become open season on cops day!!! This is insane!!!
I know it was douchy to retweet that but....ugh. i guess thats just another #UnatrractiveThingAboutMe thanks !
Cabaret opening night!
Nice. (BTW, the AYOTD creator is on Twitter, )
phew done & it was good :)
People don't look at Applebees & say no b/c it's IHOP. They don't know it's owned by IHOP.
Only 9 Likes away from #150!! Who wants the free loaf of delicious bread?! :]
#whitepeoplesayings "Today I cashed my paycheck"
Finally set up my Ping account, should blast to Twit, FB, Linked In, Blogger and Paralegal Los Angeles.com
very possible!
thanks for following. Used you guys for our kitchen remodel. Awesome jobs, we get lots of compliments.
What's my best resource for learning about #Wisconsin demographics of #mobile users?
Would You Mind Helpn a Nigga Out? Or Wud That Be A Prollum
He wants 6-8 pages? Bitch, you got 9!
My Quote of the Day - "To be happy, we must not be too concerned with others.", Albert Camus
Shame on you kid
I did but she was confused about a coupon so I gave it her anyway
RT : I think you should hire Madonna for your video to sing material girl +drape scarves around<=FAB!
Call me
Pilot for alumni access to JSTOR expanding to 20 more institutions.
I know nothing about AV equipment & Neuwave made it easy. Better yet, his team was fast,clean, & professional. -D. Kornstein
Steak and lasagna for an after-school snack >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Don't take this as an insult, but I originally read "John Taylor Time" as "Jonathan Taylor Thomas" and was worried for you.
Important medical abbreviations shouldn't be allowed to stand for more than one thing.
Congrats Man!
DAMN I MISS ME XBOX360
yeah we all really wanted Richardson here. Excited.
I'm loving the changes, So clean & modern!
Girardi would be a real manager if he had the balls to move Jeter down in the lineup.
Club promoters have the easiest job in the world...they get paid to party
I'm delirious, I meant 5 hours.
Terry's book, Bloods, should be required reading for US history classes, not just African American history courses.
Ok this might be a dumb question but what's your favorite Harry Potter movie?
already watching!
you look lost. You're on Pine ;)
Thats all she wrote!!!
But I am le tired
nice clicker
sleep what 4 hours a night?
In the gym throwing weights like am mad......
why is it that the things that taste, feel, and look the best-are the worst for us!!
Thanks, guys.
What special plans do you have for mother's day? And a Happy Mother's Day to all those special ladies who mean everything to us!
Hurry up and get your work and errands done so you can watch the Grizzlies smack around Flop City all the way until midnight.
I think there should be some policy guidelines.
you're beautiful in every single way. Luck him who deserves you :)
“The first time someone shows you who they are, believe them.” ~ Maya Angelou
Atlantic & Pacific Real Estate Named to 2012 REAL Trends 500
#keepyourpantson unless you're hot, then you can take em off all the time for me ;)
“: no new years resolutions .. juust higher goals for mee to accomplish” I agree
GOODNIGHT!! Can we get #WantedWednesday trending?
Looks like my office desk has transformed into my second home.
stay safe! Heard these could be doozies
Little miss is stirring? Z's little one. We are trying to wean her from the once a night bottle. She's very fond of a 4:30 bottle and 5am
I want to settle down with a great guy but I'm still enjoying dating and having fun..
owiieeee i like your name ; ) <3
Me Too! There freaking Hilarious, !
Food, playing and watching football, shooting skeet, gestures
Wait, what?
New bow tie design from marilynn selling at beau ties of Vermont called Playland
strawberries are dope.
What clubs were you a member of in High School? Are you still interested in any of the same things?
So what is your guess on what's in the box?
Corona is a great summer time beer!!
i dont remember the last time i was on here! EVERYTHING has changed! i miss this website so much and the memories :( ILY<3
Thank you for the RT!!
Car bombs at the clipper sound very appealing right about now....
I know that political differences in Goshen have been spicy in the past, but this level of dirt throwing seems different.
Big thanks to our guests: Clearly From Negligence, Cruelty Free, MoChester, & Tommy Gravino & Shelia Tremble!
wouldn't be surprised. there has to be a way to keep it clean though.
Strongest Proof Release show Saturday Night at
Yea my feeling hurt a Lil but its cool so if u want me to stop texting u or calling u just say so I promise I'm try my best not to call
Omg, mikey!??!?! hay. whats your favorite song?
Feeling out the water....who is wanting a NYC WWMC seminar in January...or February? Talk to me!
Developed core competences to guide Inter-professional education
As for #TeamXTina, I think you're trying to lose. How in the world do you think that Lindsey is even remotely good? she SUCKS.
Play like a Raven on Sunday Night Football GO RAVENS
My body feels like it's been run over. :'/
Lol! Watered down
I remember when me Dieyna & Derae seen this couple having sex by the lake..but it was pure daylight outside. People nasty
Have fun!!!
no worries, you'll be fine :)
God is with me pahtna, aint no one for me to fear
Just ate Kelly's for breakfast... Omg so much fricken food!!!!!!!
Cast outing to Bohemian Beer Garden in Astoria, Queens 9/23 - Let's dig into some Czech food and beer together as we mix & mingle!
Well in that case... RT Few industries produce lower ROI than tourism
I'll be on in a couple of days!!
that's easy! The guy in the background is wearing a Donald duck T-shirt.
*Leading edge of
MT : what kind of #Acoustic #musician does need? We know #GeorgeBanda amazing classical guitarist
Newark Master Plan Meeting Please Join Us: Fairmount and Westside Martin Luther King School 108 S. 9th Street, Newark, NJ May 17 (Thursday)
7. Archive it yourself. Tips from library of congress.
Good morning... <U+E056>
F--k the Huge ad on the front page + now you can only read 10 articles a month? Bad long term digital strategy. 100% not likable.
i know i'm annoying you and all, but i heard if i tweet you alot you'd follow me.
how about acquiring pence to generate some more offense? Really looked like it was going pay off. Sigh.
She give me hot head, I call it global warming!
hey coco please watch my video on YouTube called forbidden hunger by marco1122 let me know what u think your fellow bostonian
If Chris Christie does run as Romney's VP, can we call it 'Mitt and the Fatman'?
The surest sign that a man is in love is when he divorces his wife
I think I'm getting sick
Success is not just for a few. It's for anyone who learns the laws of success and applies them.
Just boarded the "Barge Boat" like Danielle says.!
Asian carnitas for #lunch #today Come #downtown for the best $9 lunch around!
AeroVironment, Inc. - Looking forward to what you guys will come up with next!
And Us Are Killing It In New York Right Now! Urock Concert Tonight!!!!
Prhps they should've sent Christie a box of eclairs along with the legislation, in order to distract him.
what the heck in going on in the student government at AU?
LOTS OF POLITICAL NEWS/RUMORS FLYING AROUND SO I'LL LAY OUT WHAT I KNOW...
Third times a charm
u love that guy
awesome thank u so much!!
I think wrote every song about me.
Do you know that lack of adequate sleep can contribute to inability to lose weight? YEP!
call me daddy
What would you rather be doing right now?
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 10,000 followers! Follow <U+3010><U+25BA> <U+25C4><U+3011> and she will get you up there instantly!
In Brooklyn about to check out this Weeknd show.
I need to teach you how to sense sarcasm haha
Inaugural #PCBW is in the record books! Mark your calendars for the last week of April 2013 for another beer-studded week of fun.
Had a great Voice Over read with CD Janet Eisenberg yesterday. Really cool lady...
RT Today is the day everyone who has been predicting the death of #OWS discovers just how wrong they are.
Miller says he and Tebow were friends, so change was tough- he misses him, but he is excited about Manning.
My pleasure!
Me 2 the guy looks so healthy.
lol, she is so annoying. Have some respect for the other teams, the other coaches do.
bitch what u doin
of all the Fridays... #goodfriday. S-ing my h bro
el p-aso
A new spider flower, without the ick factor
The cost of college -- keep it coming, Obama! "Stop the interest rate on student loans from doubling." YES!
A new and likely tweeter that we personally like: !
Signed, sealed, delivered - I'm yours Dallas ISD!
I just love Robert Downey Jr. so much omg.
My issue is that complex analytical procedures puke out TEI code + so favor plain text over rich humanities data 1/2
please follow me plz
you need to stop fighting with jess its immature
Welcome..RT : n/f
does this count for iphone 4s? if so is there anyway to pull shsh off a factory install (came with 5.0.1) that has been jailbroken
Isn' it great when you thought you knew somebody and then they completely screw you over in the end, leaving you hurt and confused?
I'm having fun buying/selling things on the - so addicting!! Check it out, find me, MyDivaAddiction.
That moment when your Friends Are talking about what they want for their 16th Birthday & your not even 15 yet. :(
hm 3 points last night, best QB on west coast huh??? DLS for life!!
If your website only has one page, shouldn't the bounce rate be 100%
Yesterday I had no internet in my house at all, and this morning I'm woken up by my ipod with all the notifications I missed.
Lights just went out at chilis....
Boring and whiny is the worst.
But why do we want this?
Hey there! Are you coming to Vegas w/ the family in June? Hope to see you!
We are having an Earth Day Evening event here in the community garden area this Sunday. Books, music, fun.
See you at the workshop this evening!
My next roadtrip: I just accepted a friends invite to stay at his place In Austin, TX during sxsw. Im very excited to go & attend
When a Brotha is seen with a White Chick, he's a Sellout.. When a Sista is seen with a White Man we need to "Stop Hating!" 0_o
I have accomplished so much today
I'm pretty sure I threw an open mayonaisse packet during the Smashing Pumpkins set. 17 year old me was a dick.
Um my little Carmel sister, I miss you! Text mee(:
#ala11 Can't decide on first session tomorrow...RDA or automated acq
values not ability determine leadership success in creating change yet we teach ability not values.
Okay now it's too cold.2 more hours of hell!!
Happy Anniversary Joe! Reminds me that I only have 6 weeks left. Kind of sad. Enjoy your time, it's the best job ever.
Big #casting today. Great crowd
Confusion regarding UK's home win streak. 51 games dating back to '09 W vs UNLV at Memorial. True or False?
Great day in the fla Orlando 407 holla at me
Nice shots dude. How 'bout an afternoon w/ SPACECAMP in B&W. Whereabouts are you these days? Same big place w/ big back yard?
Hey Hon remember you got all of us cheering you on!!!
um up thinking of wayz to get rich other den the million wayz i know how dis winter is going b my summer #MONEY $$
You know imma be air in the trunk cause I don't wanna hear this
The night accelerates when you need it most.
Looking for people who switched from #management #consulting to another industry to serve as mentors for ..Contact me!
What the damn hell is in your avi?
And we flex all night, all night, like 90px
thanks for the recommendation ..good morning to you :)
Time to spend more store credit at my favorite vintage store with
new tonight?
so do you. RT You taste like candy.
bones yoga woman smokin cigarettes after nite time yoga session trying to keep it secret
This my time to stack my flow ahahah!
Great stuff, Maria!
*waves* hi
We're ranked 4.5 out of 5 Gold Stars on UrbanSpoon. If you haven't had our food yet...you're missing out!
looks like you played a "gaff" Chord!!
lol hell yea young
Oklahoma is not Verizon country
We are less than 5 hours from the start of the NBA finals.. I have the lakers in 6. Title number 15 in going home to LA.
ha, people either love it or hate it! hope things are well.
Unknown~ Prayer gives us the opportunity to speak to GOD Meditation allows GOD to speak back to us.
well, is next to me so check his WaPo review tomorrow.
Come in & try our seasonal Raspberry AB Shocktop for only 3 bucks!
No surprise that tonight was excellent, thanks as always !
Joe wanted to book you in Chicago with Mully & Hanley on 670 The Score ?
long day after choppin it up wit da old school homies today in NS for like 3 hours was dope a lot of wisdom and knowledge and respect
You don't have your ticket for Faces of Hope Gala & Silent Auction? Guess you won't get to bid on the signed Tebow football
Tomorrow is the last day of the first camps of 2012. Campers...how's it going?
If someone asked where I'd like to be in five years, I'd say, "Considering dicks on a porch with and "
How could you call yourself a TNA fan, TNA taping salready look more entertaining than last weeks raw.
Any bluey robinson fan's on here atm?
i call my twitter followers "My Little Pizzas".
Monster rehab lemonade/iced tea or gtfo.
what's the exact address, ima put it in my nav
Great job last night, ! Congrats to Showalter!
RT“ no hard feelings ....”
Cool, 2012 Apocalypse show on the Discovery channel. If only they were playing Abandoned Cities in the intro, lol!
Your MIAMI TRAFFIC LAWYER is working hard to protect those with unwanted Traffic Violations
Awesome. Was this the new neighbors, or the stoner-with-the-new-identity?
Drama, lies and tears. Cheers to these teenage years.
sometimes i just stare at the speed of my downloads and give them moral support "you can do it"
I'm so stupid it's mindless
It's time for me to run too. Got to pack up some packages to mail tomorrow. Night everyone! :)
I partake in more than my share of Belgian beers. I am a wealth of sampling information.
SAT AFTERNOON/LUNCH @ THE SMILING MOOSE = $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS TILL 9PM, TONS OF FOOD SPECIALS ALL DAY INCLUDING TEMPUA SHRIMP TACOS!
Nicely played sir.
RT love me some anne gibbons...
Same here! Alas, real life is usually more of a comfort...MT : My fondness for post-apocalyptic literature alarms me...
Making stuffed gluten free french toast for the girls. Stuffed w dark chocolate. Life is short. We are females. We need chocolate sometimes.
Never. Again.
That's not a house, that's Sleeping Beauty's castle.
that red head pic u posted .
as you always say to me: Just doin' it to piss you off...
#Romney's Superpac may run dubious ads; but his obsession with falsehood will eventually ruin his integrity & credibility beyond repair!
sure looks like the idea we developed
keepin it real since 1990. EST forever.
Over 4,200 unique Mason users of Blackboard Mobile Learn in a little over a month after release. We're thinking its useful. >99% are iOS.
Heard about that one this morning in homeroom. Sounds like it was awesome.
"The most important part of education is proper training in the nursery" Start your new puppy out right in 2012! Call us for details!
S/o to u haters im gon ride!
glad you liked Get the gringo, I play the secretary!
#happyhumpday today we want to know whether you prefer #glasses or #contacts?
Call it rachet, but I drink 40s and im proud of it...
Anyone have an extra ticket for the #raw supershow tonight? :)
Help please!!! 4 pretty girls locked out of their apartment...how can we unlock a dead bolt???
We WILL be very loud in Nashville. Trying to fill block of 200 seats You could win a trip for 2 on the bus. bit.ly/oogMiY
part of the problem is that I have to use something that is free of dyes and fragrance.
;) yeah, excited as hell to rock some Yashicamat 124G action. Putting it back into rotation.
oh already made plans yesterday
absolutely... Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.
A good example is a guy who doesn't wash his hair... Totally not talking about
Thnx for the plain-language TOS, - now if only I could resize the txt field...
Yeah, me either! Guess it is time to use that deal to check Los Palomas out... :P
Go hokies....a little pay back
afternoon of waiting for this computer to process video....need to get that new Mac, stat
5 more weeks of the greatest thing in my life...then its over...Antioch band..Please appreciate how much time you still have and really ...
Looking forward to my first interview about my #book JackieAfterO Tuesday morning on Boston. Thanks
will carry us through in the beginning. Most of the amateur cappers (or professional) use twitter to post their
pipes* lol RT "someone call a plumber this pimp is about to burst"
Thanks everyone for the Birthday Wishes!!! Sorry for the delayed response works been a little crazy.
Good night twitter
Listening to discuss Brain Machine Interface at the DLD conference. Fascinating.
I think I like him :)
what does that mean to white supremacy?
Niall once had a dream that all the food in the world was gone and he woke up crying. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Good, I miss my mommy...
Jealous! RT : It's snowing here!!!!
Hey now! RT : ...at least the judge is super cute :)
Surrounded by people who love life, you love it too; surrounded by people who don't, you don't. -Mignon McLaughlin
driver is still waiting at the restaurant. Shouldn't be to much longer.
I feel terrible for Pineda. for the Yankees, not so much.
I got u.. Ima put on for the nap
Keep entrusting your soul to the righteous judge on the throne.
I'm hungry.
This is amazing! I love these!
I read your book " The BIG IDEA" and its inspired me! I have a fantastic idea but need more resources.How can I make it work?
It's #Superbowl week! Packers. Steelers. Who is your pick?
can you get me some tracks for the rotation?
Thanks everyone for the b-day wishes!
that didn't take long "Daddy comes home"
whoa that is so hardcore.
THIS. RT The Web *IS* access. - at #AccessUsummit Says it all!
I'm willing good from the universe for you.
Lovin the live acoustic music at
You sure can! Invite your friends, too :). Details coming soon.
its taken me a few hours but i now realize I'm sunburnt
THANKGOODNESS FOR LIDS ON BEVEARGES! almost had a situation.
Started feeling good, then the nausea kicks in
thank you :)
I'm still sick. Not getting Any better at all.
move back !
that moment when you forget to send a message so it just stays on your phone XD!
"The fingers are the eyes of the body" Uh no that's boobs... :P
tweeting from my new Aspire One ... Linux, of course!
Hate it that I had to skip the gym this morning. I need the workout.
We have reached 600 Likes! Thank you everyone :)
I continue to be amazed by what is building. They're leapfrogging NFC payments in a big way.
RT : Optimism is positive thinking lighted up! ~ Norman Vincent Peale <U+2661>¤8 I love this image!
#10BasicFactsAboutMe 3. I only trust one person.
They out there play& like champs ! LETGO
Still deciding on the Rammstein concert :)
lol cause you guys go to my school right? lol there you go assuming again haha
Hearing the name "DEMI LOVATO" on the TV in a different room & running to that room as if your life's depended on it.
“Don’t worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don’t even try.”—Jack Canfield
the funniest
And we gettin' blunted, what it do? Yes indeed. Bet I got some weed like Schoolboy Q!
I am loving the quality of #FirstKick broadcast!
too bad #Browns didn't pursue any FA WRs. Time is already ticking on our 'rookie' QB.
Nice! Love it, ladies!
Daily actions pursuing #goals, career, & #prosperity, will produce results like your body exercised daily. SeanLetwat
I am going to follow all my followers but I will finish tomorrow bye guys
Hey Shawty everything cool?
full duplex arrow coming in ES7 '(...) <==> { ... }'. then the twitter operator 'usr>"msg"' block indent specifies recipients
Robertson already blown save lol. Many a dominant setup man floundered in 9th, was curious if Yanks were gonna keep him middle i.e Clippard
I'll take you out like a sniper on a roof , like an MC at the fever in the dj booth.
In motion to the city...
#howudropit should not be like a bar of soap in prison.
you should not be filming during a tornado. Go downstairs dammit.
I'm gay
Aw, give a jam-band lover a shot! They're good guys, usually.
Just tapped Victory's Prima Pilsner.
Sometimes it's hard to be a woman giving all your love to just one man
I seriously could wear my rain jacket everyday
Unpunctual people are the most annoying people.
time to hack it ;)) RT : i cant find my phone idk if i left it in your car -__-
I'm a genius.
First tip from Lori Fogarty: create a sense of urgency but remember your museum's history
We do need a trophy. Should be something Vegas-related, don't you think?
you wish they were
Second question: We've reported this. It's around $120k but I'd have to refer to archives and on go right now.
Why do we need smart phones, it just makes our generation needy and stupid!
you talk so much crap, I'm not sure whether to offer you a breath mint or some toilet paper!!
agreed!!! The boys in my school are ick!
I love your tweets. Even if I'm too busy to keep up conversation on here many days, you always make me smile :-)
If you like to tweet religious stuff, please do me a favour and reply to my tweet so I can unfollow you - thank you
Are their sears for the concert!?
Nigga hungry as a hostage
and now I want one...story of my life haha
omg. #Toddlers&Tiaras is filmed in Indianapolis,IN #myhometown. YES!
You know it but Allen is a good guy to root for.
Why do everyone on da Royal Wedding look like extras for the movie.. Naria...Just waiting on a talking Lion to appear..
hell no,for it has blue check..ahahha...you're new in twitter so obvious..:)
right though u know ur always welcomed over here, lol you are loved
RT : Purple Haze is a classic
So much tweeting!
Friday: crispy pig tail at the Bristol. Saturday: Pork confit wrapped in bacon. I need help.
they have Texas sassage. Seriously, thats what they call it.
I'll be out in a few weeks for work. I'll leave your sandwich at the Rocky statue. Congratulations.
After two weeks of #crossfit, over did it. Whole body hurts.
Ah the joys of shifting in consciousness... Sometimes they don't feel as good as they turn out the be...
YAY- YUM! Glad you had a great day celebrating :)
Just ran away. Yup. Nbd. Sick of this shit.
awesome! Get ready to laugh!!
Right there with you
love getting fan tweets from
Has anyone suggested that MF Global could simply vaporize the missing $1billion with wrong bets using customer funds?
I'm on a money making mission.
Fall is around the corner...get your beauty on now!
Successfully drank a woman off my mind last night.
nothing listening to boyfriend and planning how were gonna stalk austin! Lol
It is! At least my dad is very accepting of all people and saves his opinion to spout at home not at people in public
U are so fucking stupid! Haha.
Wait - where did you see strawberries? Which farmers?
lol I feel like we're on the same part still haha :p
Frankrupt apparel mentioned in today, check it out!
Hearing about the incredible teen program Bringing the Leasons Home at the What amazing impact on social change!
Just made homemade ginger ale! I'm never going back!
good to know that ill lose cell coverage in case of a real disaster
#sonsofguns is on. episode. Can't wait for new shows.
The 9th Year is going to be my best year yet DEMONIC!!!
Glad they're showing NCS sessions in the GSLI lounge. Currently listening to debate on #3: changing the membership year.
well fine bitch. (but no really, I hope you have fun I didn't know you were doing that)
#gopackgo Are you flipping between Miss America and Pack?
Insomnia, it's what's for breakfast.
RT ": Shout out NEW follower "
Economic risks still top risk manager concerns: Survey Economic risks continue to dominate the concerns of risk mangers, according to a s
You are my man, thanks for your call!
not a #subtweet or anything
> RT : Guys' sleepy voices
Not weird; cool
u follow AP? No one follows AP.
After reading, I want you to think about the words that come out of your mouth (about yourself, your children, husband/wife, friends, etc.)
Today is Earth Day! What do you do everyday to help save our planet?
Waiting for world famous fried chicken in Memphis takes about as long as waiting for a Doug's hot dog in Chicago: 30 minutes. Worth it.
I want hot tea and a nice pink grapefruit :( meh! Is it 11 yet?? Mehhh
You wanna know who’s amazing and has the cutest smile ever? Read the first word again. :)
"Halftime is an Opportunity, not a Crisis."
Knock it out of the park!
So very excited for and their 11 nominations! Congrats to cast, crew, and designers. It's a stunning show!
Musicals are better than movies
Hello, My name is Bitch. And I can Even piss A Happy Meal Off (:
Peace begins with a smile.- Mother Teresa #quote via
RT : In route to San Diego. &amp; Spin Nightclub tonight performing.
Got some beads at the Rod Run, for giving a really hot dude a hug. He wanted a flash but I'm like hell no lmao
Mad that Raven being a lesbian is trending! Smh
#engaged over the holidays? I wanna see your rock!
This is embarrassing so far #Packers. Smoke and mirrors all season?
This is to funny!! XD
Haven't been to a crazy ass party in a while... I hope their will be some end of the year parties!
Get well soon my friend
Twitter already sucks ass and so does
Ok my day is fucked up i hate shady bitches over a fucking dog ok really i hope she sees this to ##unhappy~~
Closing plenary at #mcn2011: The Great Debate. debate, "There are too many museums." 4:00 Int'l Room
loved it! But I'm going to be inconsolable for the #desperatehousewives finale
no i got u
and then he shoots some shit like that to make me look bad
Made quota today now my director need to come get my ass
uuuuuuhhhhhhh. I dont think we can be friends anymore. Gold Star >>>>>> Skyline
Thanks! :D
great I ended up buying a ticket to fly back Monday morning Smh...
There is really no need for the air conditioner to be running in my office when it is <60 degrees outside.
I'm rich, mother fucker!
if the news I'm about to tell you doesn't make you happy I don't know what will But our shirts will be in soon
Watching hockey at ale house ?
Nothing worse than having to get up for class when your in bed and your room is freezing.
for the diet coke that is...
#prwin, but only if it's all biz and not personal. I think most of us have gotten coverage by tapping a "I'm working on.." tweet
We will be playing at Channel Inn in Warsaw MN this Saturday @ 9PM. Hope to see you there! Bring your dancin' shoes!
For the next 7 hours swing by Fluid Coffee Bar and get the deal shown here: Free Coffee For CO Gives Day
Wow...RIP Junior
Hey Girl!!!!!! How are you and how's everybody? It's been too long...
Call your mama when you're on the treadmill see what she's gonna ask you...
Thanks for the RT!
you need more pictures thanks pimp me
hi Mrs. Hallice
RT : #JMacUp We Love JMac's fans! You are very dedicated! Let's keep going & take Jesse UP! "Up" out @ MIDNIGHT TONIGHT ONLINE!
yea I watched the news
Keep your sustainability-related questions for EPA Administrator, Lisa Jackson coming! Use
Ans: The treaty of 1494 #Tordesillas established a boundary 370 leagues west of the Cape Verde islands.
why would you say that?
Follow me
Highlight of the night: Jered Weaver singing "Hit the Road Jack" as he walks off the field. So cool.
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to Taylor Swift!
No general meeting tomorrow. Next week!
Love Life Rehab is in full swing.... don't miss this Sunday!
Two great things to celebrate at #RIT this week, Congratulations to the Class of 2011 & kudos to Men LAX Tigers! Good luck on Sunday!
I like bit.ly for shortness and cleaner tags. wants people to be able to read something from a link.
Finished a great Sunday Photoshoot with - look for our spread in O Magazine due in July!
I'm just going to try it once... I swear
Work work work ya you know I got that work
But I like #TheLakeShow chances if the BIGs give the effort they did tonight or during homes games all series!
I can't help that I am who I am , I can change but please don't make let me be who I am just once I wanna be me an have them like me for me.
yeah! suPPORT!!!
Sounds awesome! I'm watching the Caps game and Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Rodrick Rules, LOL I get compared to Rodrick LOL
Don't go see J Edgar. While it is a good portrayal of the creation of the FBI..
“If you want to make God laugh, tell him about your plans.” Woody Allen
~im dying laughing bc I hate automatic toilets as soon as I place da seat cover n turn the shit flushes so I know the feeling
Thank you! -sent via Pony Express
So, what do we think about the redesign?
thanks for tweeting about Livehoods!
": Some people lie so much. They start believing they own lies"....(lol thats tru)
lemke is from my city (Utica, NY) went to Notre Dame High School down the road. class act.
Yeah... after I hit Tweet I realized that it could read wrong.. Oh well... Look for my informal reply to your formal reply...
Merry Christmas
did you watch today?? "The Shadow Effect". #mindblown Hope to see you soon! Xo
are you liking Miami ?(;
7 days without soccer makes one WEAK!
Love me some football
It's hoppy, but I never drink their IPA so don't know how it compares. It's a good beer.
and high altitudes ;-)
Lets Go Celtics!!
Don't put it off. It was really good.
4 questions to ask for transformation #4 What are the results?
I'm tweeting you at 4:27 am cause I'm cool...
49 minutes til my Friday at work is over... but who's counting? On my last break trying ever so hard to chill my racing mind... ugghh!
fanks me too c:
Thanks for the shout out!
Lance Armstrong Cleared, TCB “I am gratified to learn that the US Attorney’s Office is closing its investigation. It is the right...
Are you here in Hawaii? RT Man there so much good food in hawaii I can't stop eating... Imma look like santa clause for Xmas
Erin Norman! We have so much grattitude for your consideraten gift and action! Hope this year is REALLY good to you!
On my way to ! Excited to see everyone out and about on this beautiful day. Sunshine!
yea she's an avi jacker
that's besides the points! :3
haha yes, he's my boyfriend. :)
whats good internet? have u checked tha store lately? ;)
the pilot came on right after it though so I was happy again haha
The economist in me agrees completely, the homer in me says "Well, maybe we can spare it." The homer in me is a sap.
- haha. well said
Okay, so #GoodWife is NOT working out for me on Sundays. I hate it! They keep playing the shit half hour later WTF!
U say u love an respect her then dont hold her back from opprtunites an dont put her down just support her!!!!
#Free admission to Maltz Museum of Jewish Heritage Sunday May 6, 11 am to 5 pm.
At a technology networking event. Never would've seen this coming a year ago.
she actually looks like a lil version of you aww :)
Listening to my baby sleep
how do you get more things done in one day than you have time to?
#west #west #west #west but I'm from the #south #east so
But your girls are always fierce!
My wife just told me "I feel like my head weighs a thousand pounds. but I'm light headed too."
I'm not talking to you!
We haven't tweeted in a while. Glad to have you back.
Feeln betta, I didn't care if I ever at again. Had a sandwich tday n plenty of water. Happy Easter twitterverse !!
sold out sir
hey lady...how ya doing
Your beliefs don't make you a better person, your behavior does
Almost done! RT : I have not missed driving in penn yan at all... its so small, yet takes a half hour to get to the other...
Loving all the #neon in stores right now! Something about it makes me #happy and want to spend money. H&M you got me again!
gonna try! :D
I'm new to Twitter
If he's on my projects, I prefer he sticks around. U could resort to that disguise we talked about-then u wouldn't look like u.
Interesting talk w/ psychiatrist today about the deep, difficult to measure benefits of SLPs simply being with & listening to ppl w aphasia
JUNE BRO. JUNE.
It's just me, my thoughts, and some music...chillen
I love having an empty email in box! It means everything has been done!
bout to do some stuff...then go sleep again...then do more stuff...
Never say hotie
#2012 is the year of hollywouldnt
PRT : North Korea hyped their missile; Japan hyped their anti-missiles; US hyped the threat. All in all, a tragic comedy.
In cleveland
really? They are all so bad though
RT : Students & employees of are encouraged to wear #pink Friday for #breastcancer awareness. Donations accepted...
happy birthday:)
Happy Friday on this wonderful #StarWarsDay! May the Fourth be with you!
I miss you to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Let's commit the perfect crime... I'll steal your heart, and you steal mine.
My sister is in the middle of the goddamn city on her bike. Who the fuck does that?
Cooking a fabulous piece of Porterhouse for dinner and enjoying a 2 Brothers Seasonal Ale
both ugly.
The Mpls SWAT team is going to train at the house next door-50 of them all at once!! Who wants to come to my SWAT party??
#agora #SHA2012 multivocality and wiki. Truly democratic vehicle for multiple and complimentary narratives?
knows what true love is all about. It's always just going to be a few rows away... Hahahaha. :)
Yeah, this was definitely written by a Y chromosome. It has all the MCP cliches.
no way. you guys are doing Austin right!!
seems like a successful concept, right???
they say a few drinks will help me to forget her (him)
need to check out Facebook interests list.
Do you think it's a red flag if someone you're interested in has never had a long-term relationship??
everything I've done is preparation for that moment.
Fake bitches like fake niggas.
I make some GOOD ass spghetti
RT and I will be testing trigger on a project
when people call me their friend. like nah, I'm just ya doctor
what's the move for today?
follow 4 follow? if not sorry! Free promotion site on my profile if u need hits to your likes, follows, +1, views
ah. Makin' me homesick!
sweet.. you just added to my cravings - butthead
Haahah sorry babbe i would get you but i left beforee i saw your message!
Bitch you look like someone set your face on fire and the put it out with golf cleats.
Does anyone knoe hiw to get rid of spam..?
A1: ratings were down overall for the race. This is the biggest race of the year, not sustainable on Mondays.
I'm a firefighter lol
Luck of the Irish has struck Diversity Platinum- Knottsberry Farm and the Soak City's of CA have come aboard giving our members discounts!
ur missing the games.
thanks dawg! like us on fb!
A tax pledge Grover Norquist probably thought of in high school is about to drive our entire country off the cliff.
Congrats! Best of luck to the family!
Miranda, your natural beauty makes me smile 5 days a week usually lol:)
They should have put your name & company under your image though...stinks that you don't who any of the people are!
Thanks so much guys!
Thx for letting us know, and thx for spreading the word as we help haitians in #miami access legal and public services!
Calledback 4 production of Arnie the Doughnut (Proves you CAN sing a song about poisoning pigeons and get a Callback)
My 6 year old cousin is killing me in black ops...
About a Sagittarius: When this sign sees something as possible, they will go to great lengths to rally enough people to make it happen.
What if men still got relaxers lol
We'll see you there!
Thanks to Dan Rybicky and John Sayles for a great conversation!
Is it just me or does Usher's beard make him look like Teddy Pendergrass?
I miss you too! :( come stay with me for a week! I have plenty to talk to you about
“The reality of the war versus the war that people saw... it’s a very different reality” Mike Kamber on media censorship...
FITzees, who signed up for our #6WkChallenge? It all begins today- feeling pumped?
I want to live here. East coast, I'm never coming back.
itArtNotStuff.com - is in the CLOUD...
it was ok. Boring as usual. u?
Ordering more supplies to continue ramping up production for the upcoming holiday season!! Falalalalalalalala
Took the dogs for a walk. Back to some coding.
Looks like May is #CitizenDiplomacy month for our NH member! MT : May: 8 programs thru , 2 pending & 1
I won't give up on all of you. I will pull my own weight.
I'm not sitting next to you though...?
well hello early summer :D
See the documentary “The Shot Felt ‘Round the World” Nov 11-13
watched the encore of Man City's win and wow, this was an incredible win for franchise!
IN THE LAB WITH WORKIN ON NEW TRACK PROD BY
Let them praise the name of the Lord, for He commanded and they were created. -Psalm 148:5
I saw people playing elf poker earlier. I wonder if you were in one of their decks
oh-- sorry. These didn't get emailed to me. Sunday works for me too. Menu requests/suggestions?
I'm pretty sure I provided more intellectual capital than I was paid for today.
I'm currently listening to Big Time Rush by Big Time Rush on my iPod touch.
Hey girlie! Thx for the mention :)
On this *Nuvo* feeling good on a Monday
Check my offic. website for soundbite of my debut single: kellieluvella.com
"what happens if a car comes?" ".....we die."- The Notebook <3
I thought it was just me...
wtffffffffff how do you have so many followers.....
google chrome incognito window?!?!
I am resorting to creating a background lock screen with all my to-do items on my phone. It works, what can I say?
All unsigned #artists #rappers #singers amateur #models #producers for further exposure get@ me.
W.e gonna bump music in my room & stay since im off tomorrow. Yeah buddy.!
Crack Mont Stank!
I agree, I just wish they went with an engine with a little more kick to it.
oh noes! Need any yummy snacks to keep you going?
“We are not human beings having a spiritual experience. We are spiritual beings having a human experience” – Pierre Teilhard de Chardin
Hello Boise, I'm back living with you!
it's pretty good!
thanks girl!!! Miss you!!
Sounds primitive but...MT Are women’s rights in #Afghanistan priority or just political bargaining chip? We discuss Wednesday.
Cried like a baby at the movies but my mascara is miraculously still intact. Swag.
looking forward to being apart of it!!!
Time for some orange leaf! <U+E119><U+E057>
I hate when im talking to a person and I just fall asleep INSTANTLY. Sorry
Yup. I sang the words to the jingle.
That awkward moment when someone tells me that me & him should go out. & I'm just like " I wish".
My teacher "This is such crap this day sucks" story of my life coach holly..
imma monster everyday is halloween
Knowing yourself is the beginning of all wisdom
Weekend was okay I can't complain v -day me an my babies gonna take pictures:) haven't done that in a while
Keep calm and shut the fuck up.
Not looking forward to #dirtydancing remake
Great crazy as usual JK!! Hows yo mom n dad he always used to talk to me n give great advice i really respected him alot!!
"To awaken others to the hope that is in them may be the greatest thing we can do for them. We humans need hope." -- E Glenn Hinson
RT : PLEASE NOTE dates in the print version the great story are incorrect! KC plays Fri & Sat (not Thurs)
isn't that all the students they had in the entire school?
Happy weekend and TYVM! luv new follows
please do! It will be a lot of fun!
your gorgeous
Miss you too pretty girl!!!!
In the library when UW announced classes were suspended for tomorrow. You would of thought it was a wild zoo in the stacks.
wishes Sarris the best today and hopes for a quick return to business! Sarris Candies has been such a wonderful arts supporter!
Next on the High Brour? BG's take on "mature weddings" and TJ recounts his adventure to meet !
I'm bout to hit the studio
The Real Her...
ATTN: HILLTOPPER NATION - $50,000 anonymous gift received, will match all new and increased donations. This is great news---spread it!!!!!!
Bethany Graduation soon!
haha be careful ;p :)
I'm like a little kid I'm so dam picky about what food I eat
The moon will illuminate my room and soon I'm consumed by my doom...
I wonder where do they bought those mini pins. omfg. YAWN '0' <--- Matt's style
Could the #Verizon ad w/the crying mother & daughter act be MORE irritating? No.
R.I.P. Jack Lalanne !
you should get it on your left arm, wrist or chest so when ever you decide to take off your shirt on stage we can see it Lmfao
Spell check>>>>
would love to have you!
. Rad. I still want to be your protégé.
fa real
Buckhead on my top five places NOT to go..
truth these girls n boys need to listen
Lamest guys night ever! Who brings their mom to a hockey game??? Seriously buddy???
Got a new head coaching job today... Pretty stoked about it #Baseball!
Bad day at practice today :(
so you're possibly coming to australia, if you do come to australia will you please visit me in Melbourne? <3
It was definitely one of the highlights of the day! #girlgeeksatFITC FTW!
Continental is literally finding ways to make their airline worse as if that were possible
This is just bizarre. Jeter has been stretching this out for weeks, sets an exact time to decide -- and isn't ready?
A shy students came up to me and said, "Thanks for forcing me to participate today. I actually had fun, and think I grew a little."
Loving "Life" by Keith Richards. Thanks for explaining the roots of rock and roll to me.
I stack money and kick it.
United should have waited for you!
Which idea?
an easy group to cheer for.
hehe, if I won that much $$ I'd go to Chicago a lot more (cousin lives there)
Big S/O to Our Engineers at !! #Success !!
Come on I need some laughs!!
I could eat an entire large Donatos' pizza by myself...in one sitting easily.
I will pray to this giant fire breathing pig. All hail...Porkisus? I, for one, salute our new pig overlords
Oh, & quoting soldier boi might earn u an unfollow too! -_-
RT I went over my data usage this month whatever <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085> >I do that every month lol
Of course! Look forward to meeting you
Beautiful opal! (I'm still wishing for an Alexandrite someday...)
I wish had Epub files. It much easier to change the font on my Nook with an Epub file. PDFs come out wonky.
Here's to my dad and many other brave men and women who fight for our country. Have a great weekend everyone!
Told them that my cousin was murdered and that I felt uncomfortable sitting in judgement of people. Didn't seem to phase them.
Warning: The iPad version of Instacast is *weird*. iPhone one is nice.
lol okay Russ whatever you say :P
killed it. Big props to as well.
If Panthers go to Super Bowl, we should all go to New Orleans ;)
We got new lines painted on our parking lot!! Ok, that may be lame--but it's a big deal to us.
Disc golfing at Pamprin!
are you accepting submissions?
Me too, although technically I am. RT : Wishing I was at #MW2012 this week, even though I'm technically not a museum person anymore
They are gorgeous
Test on handwashin doe?!...
Real copyeditor note on a short piece about to be pubbed: "Is you saying there were similarities and differences across time?"
If you are not wearing your foundation garments, you are not negotiating from a position of strength. -Simon Doonan, talking prostitution
Coach Carter trending! Jus mentioned watchin 4 1st time & am VERY IMPRESSED so far! great as always & looks SO FINE
I always wanted to do that water tour...send us good tweets and pictures.
got mad hoes on her dick
In need of sleep, big week ahead!
Oh it's a dead tweet. Josh this is Todd.
done! Yo you at tower?
Rodriguez improves to 4-0 with a TKO! #boxing -ms
I ran into Nine West yesterday and found some really great pumps with kitten heals! Reasonably priced and go with everything!
Thanks for including my tweet
I can't believe I just bought a shirt at Hollister...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
A women who relies on her mind and not her looks is wifey material. That's rare these Days. Lot females wanna be model and looking for a dad
It's not you it's ewe.
Screw growing up and making my own money.
Who all is going to see the new Pirate's movie tonight at midnight?
It's Tuesday which means its Vegan Night! Stop by tonight for an assortment of vegan pizza slices.
busy season for me with AAU in full swing... I see & hear all ya hard work...
Book your spring cleaning appointment for April and receive 20% off. Email us at .
Yeah. I just don't want to see a non-club version of Jane's Addiction.
It's interesting how much we rely on the internet.. when its down no one knows what to do lol. Guess ill play solitare
There were 22 entrants in today's $140 buy in ($125/15) noon tournament. The top 3 paces get paid, 1st is $1334. Next tournament is at 7pm.
I don't believe you !!! You seriously don't secretly love "Not Unusual"??!
Thank you both!! I aim to please!!
lolol hongry belly :) but im just being cool like always man =)
where do u get ur hair at? :)
Am I the only one who finds it strange that there is a "Teen Paranormal Romance" section in Barnes & Noble?
thanks Jess! You launched me & I'll forever value that!
This Sat. 10-1- our first #garden build at Cleveland Elem! We'll be building raised veggie beds, painting, & #planting-wanna help?
Add valuable customer feedback to your #smallbiz with Is your business collecting actionable data from your customers?
I am the question massstterrr!
#ndpl slideshow widget allows libraries to create slideshow subject views into their content collections
so that's what it is? Ah ha!
thank you for sharing great article.
naw I was on Heltah Skeltah first actually cd that was distributed by Select-O-Hits after every Manson Family CD
im jealous of every girl thats ever hugged you because for one moment they were hugging my world</3
Let's hope the sun shines like this on Sat for the #Dog Days of Summer! Fun w/ your 4-legged best friend. www.cantondogpark.org/
Around the world people use Facebook to protest their gov't
We can all put weight on or lose weight.
true true.
The two most important languages to know for business: HTML5 and Mandarin
Microsoft has decided to make sure that all users of Internet Explorer are using the most current version by turning on automatic updates!!!
Thinking of something I can change my name too instead of Chachi Gonzales cause I feel that that's what misleads people to think I'm her.
LOL! Yeah I have pretty amazing bosses! Love my job! Haha.
Are you from new York? What's the scar from? Do you know when the bus comes? Do you have a boyfriend. Omg. I guess I look interesting?
Ayo. Ray Allen > Philly.
RT : He's doing LOTS! Has athletic training company (for kids ages 8-18) also a Foundation working w/Jax schools/kids
Awesome! Thanks! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
No fucks should be given RT : I spend too much time giving a fuck.
you're so sweet :) thank you!! <U+263A>
Besides seeing my parents, I am super excited to eat every day. I'll be as big as a house!
RT : Hi! I found you through #socialjustice. Excited to keep following you. :)
Lee Evans & Billy Cundiff should hide out 4 a while
Hey buddy!
what was your best memory of this summer
"It is often hard to distinguish between the hard knocks in life and those of opportunity."
Some people go to the grocery store to stock up before a storm. I go to the (and the liquor store).
Thanks for RTs, from the kindness of Charity!!
RT : Cool we have a citability in mapping data project for the #dccodeathon apr 9-11 so soon!
thought you'd like that! Congrats.
Monday's Sports in Brief (The Associated Press)
giants for choice for the limited
Welcome Isabella. Happy Christmas to you and the family!
"It's Frankensteen." last night was just amazing :)
fuck a bitch ;P
Can't wait to see you!
Oh come on...awesome tune...
Do you think Atlanta has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
I think Applebee's karaoke should be your new pre-show warm up. It's not like doing scales helps or anything
Sir. It's time for you to come and minister in Chicago.
Hehe..was afraid you'd ask abt that!! Keeping it in my head and hoping to get to out this weekend...Been productive though :)
excited about the "LA INDIA" concert at the Conga Room New Years Eve. Purchase tickets at Congaroom.com. Use code "LATIN" for discount.
Work. Work. Work.
me and my mans are just #2whitekids that grind 24/7..... Hard work pays off
If vehicle owners are required to carry insurance to pay for accidental damage to property or loss of life - why aren't gun owners?
A Black Belt now equipped with two indestructible plastic hips?
Congrats to everyone who just finished #libraryschool. Welcome to the coolest group of scientists in town!
I'm so relieved that this crazy semester will be over on Wednesday and #BlueManGroup Thursday!
look, i'm glad you're all very happy but I don't need to hear your sing and dance party afternoon
did he actually say that? ..when?
Ugh... I am not a fan of buses.. But on one...heading to Little Tokyo.. Excited about origami exhibit.
...pretty sure I was a monk in a past life. Either that or a relief pitcher for the Orioles.
Facebook is the root of all evil.
8:45 and I'm going to bed. But what a good night.
Have fun!!!
Will finish Hunger Games, book 1, tonight. What an awesome story!!!!
Only 15 minutes behind schedule, I'm off to bed. Being compulsively organized isn't a bad thing
": awful morning omg. Happy to be going home from school." Im happy im going home too :P
SO EXCITED to start hurling! :) PS- weren't you going to join Shamrock Club, too? You should start coming w me!
hahahaha! All apart of my plan.
Thxs 4 the follow. Thx god it's friday! Have a good day.
Things gotta move.
All of us could take a lesson from the weather. It pays no attention to criticism.
My 5 yr old daughter asks: "mommy, who's that?". That's Madonna sweetheart! ;)
So Cody when are you going to teach me how to surf? :)
ima have like 15 ppl proof read it. i dont wanna lose points on grammatical errors. that always happen.
Big thanks to our panel, to GEH for hosting, and to all those in attendance. And thanks to Nike for no vuvuzelas in their winning spot.
school of inquiry and creativity
more artists in our rotation: corp cartel, true montana, atm, erick right, dynasty, frankie cutlass, + more!!
Sun glasses and advil last night was mad real
That would be me!
How nice for Walker to have an over-nighter in Wisconsin for once
I see you're posting from Android. I understand your frustrations. :P
You'll get what you deserve: A broken heart. A broken heart you can't mend.
Ignorance is bliss... Arrogance is rude... Rather be ignorant the arrogant cause nigga you just an arrogant Mothafuka #TrueStory <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
the ”conservative” one
off to watch a movie, sip a celebratory Margarita....and of course: paint!
Oh yea...... GOODMORNING EVERYONE!!!! :)
thanx for the follow!
boondocks all day who wants to watch it wit me
It's 30 November. Why is there a MOSQUITO trying to eat breakfast with me?
Just found out I don't have to work tomorrow anymore. Awh yeaahh.
It feels way later than it is...
What happened??
Awwwwwwh. Thats a really Sweet text :) please follow me it would mean alot to me
Welcome to the club. i cant even dance to salsa and im hispanic! its embarressing
Cool. I'll be there if I'm in town.
ONE-LINER: The only certain thing in life is death.
People who tie their hoodies<<<<
morning y'all! hope everyone has a day full of smiles and laughter :)
I just don't think I could handle it. Ah well!
It's uncanny how certain songs work exactly like time machines, esp. when driving, for some reason.
Need to make a new playlist to bump.
your heart<3
You bet. Especially a slim and elegant PS2.
Thack's For Following Me Now I'm Happy So I'm coming Back LOL :)
hahaha.:))) did you grow this year?
sleep deprivation. i'm not responsible for those words!
twitter is being a pain these days lol... let me talk to the rest of my team & get back with you about an interview :)
Back on my twitter shit
No need for coffee. Just listen to every morning.
Our mission is to provide more direct opportunity for artists we will be inviting collectors to directly contact artists for art
he's always been an amazing father. *smiles* the babies are all so lucky.
When seeking #content to share, make a list of at least a dozen topics, then schedule
RT : obedience RT : college degree RT : Culinary skill RT : Fellas: Boy shorts or Thongs?
i could care less
the is still waiting for an official apology for Stern Show biting our Ring my Bell bit!
sure sure sure sure sure sure
I'm in LA in a couple days... swapping states with I'm missing my dude's show! Will be back in time for Hard Rock on the 20th.
Oh dear God why? RT Humble yourself by looking at a photo of your father and acknowledging you were once his orgasm.
laying low, heading to bed. Hella early morning. I hope my #cfo, has a great night.
Thanks Beth! RT : Ready for some cool amigas for
Cheese, Cheese and Chips, Gehls Cheese and Chips: They're nochos, but they could be for $2.99
Love the socks !!
haha not that much.
Jan. ritual:Paying dues to art orgs. -it's expensive to just belong, so I can then pay to just enter-so frustrating.
RT "Listening to describe #Deloitte project; identifying issues that s/b on CEO agenda" props:
Obvious troll is obvious.
Knicks to meet with Mike Miller first. Apparently they didn't stop being retarded when Isiah Thomas got the boot
alright. Do you own the movie!
why is Kelly insane?
Been tossing and turning all night. Can't sleep. Now there's a .... Cat stuck in a car in front of my pad. Meowing dumb hard.
Fun chatting with you today! I vote for a t-shirt next time :-)
M. Young or Arod?
Hmm did they change the label? Its about the only really good beer they produce and you posting this makes me want some :/
If we all could get along then we all could sing this song together <3 DL and JD
lol it's a scary, scary thing. Did you know your uterus can FALL OUT? Ahh!
I'm not sad
you can't lose voting for well done sir!
insanly horrific night. Who . Now breaks into 4 part harmony of oh happy days . Side step and dance dance dance
pissed my mom wont let me try out for mill creek softball . -.- conditioning started . WHY MOM WHY .
11:30pm tonight at the Theater in Hollywood. Jokes & Drinks. Plus, and I might slap-box like ladies
Stoked to see that is coming to on April 24. Science!
pretty much! And try to stick with one type of alcohol cuz if you have a bunch of diff ones that'll def give u a hangover!
I just want 2 be treated with dignity regardless of where I am or what I look like. Easy right? (P.s. Hi Ryan!)
gonna take uh shower and head off to bed
Sexy, can I?
It's a big problem, but there are bigger issues for this team than lineup construction.
The second I get in the car, All The Small Things is on. . .
There is a dude out here who sounds just like hank hill.
Dear Ophelia I'm trying tell them I have scared the world the voice tell my I am dying but I tell them I feel fine
Stoli Party was off the CHAINS last nite...David Ruiz what up!!
Combination containers offer beauty and plenty of variety
Hide n seek with girl friend during OKC Half time >
Contact my office so we can assist you with appealing your tickets.
We're making every home game Mullet Night!
Give us a LIKE if you're cheering on the Texans this weekend! Any predictions on the score??
Directly after a session, clients usually feel very rested, clear headed, stress free and in a relaxed state of mind.
why am I frozen? like to the core.
Saw The Avengers. That was fucking awesomes. Words do not describe how I feel, and Black Widow is smoking. Her ass, UNF.
Its all here in the kitchen, come help yourself! #OhWait :P
When my tummy hhurts & you rub my tummy #ThatsCute <3
Deck out Cynthia Holiday.com at smoke jazz club. NYC for brunch. Every sat in December. Don't miss out.
Free Sims Card Thursday
My kids are crazy lol!
naw... the second youngest.
i got it :P<3
Cool. See you there! RT : Ric is on his way to Phoenix for the Rainbow Festival this weekend.
Go get em' WTMD! We support and love your station.
will y'all host a screening of this at SAA? It can be a fraud fundraiser to finance the tj booze trolley...
I don't know what the fuck just happen but I liked it
Watching on my 50 inch tv. Bryan, u look a lot better when ur on my phone...just kidding :)
Seriously, not much on earth is more annoying than that.
Broncos Rule!
Mother Nature has nothing to do with it. We need to abolish daylight saving time. It's disruptive and pointless.
#teamHeat getting their Osama on. ( #Missing )
Not Bambi! *tears*
Ramsey County Charter Commission-interesting discussion going on! Are laws being broken? The chair being overridden?
no, my older sister is moving across the street from her current house, and it's going to be awesome!
Sharpening pencils to keep score, count pitches, do stats. Sun just came out.
Sometimes, I get so deliriously happy, I worry my face might crack open.
You must change toward a person who refuses to change.
She no she was down bad fa them bubble shorts lok
#EverybodyHasThat1Friends that's obsessed with horses... or dolphins
LOL Can't wait for postgame handshake. Gonna laugh when Sean Payton beats Jim Schwartz with his crutches.
I would get one for sure. No! Not creepy!
Well, you seem to give no fucks you damn asshole.
- It's like a hodge-podge of different elements including pork, chicken - we've even seen it with rabbit.
Nothings changed, no one can take your place. It gets harder every day. If you ask me I will stay.
I remember the #CAPRSA presentation in 1997 with it was in Cabo San Lucas and I wasn't at the beach!
you must have no watched the masters commercials with bubba
Bout to hit up cabanas in hollywood for a bit
Thanks very much! Feeling pretty good about it. :)
cancelled a magazine subscription that had a few months left on it—should be getting a refund, right? Got a bill for $79. Interesting.
good morning sis!! I have your #Starbucks this morning!!
On my way to Lake Eola for an AM run!
Alex broke his string on his guitar tuning down...
Good morning. What you know good?
I just got Instagram! I'm under clairepires1 it's so cool!
thanks for the follow!!
You're rtill in my heart <U+2665>
": Nice show twan. That radio joint crazy "appreciate it fam glad to put on for my city
your tweets<3 & your smile. Oh gosh<3
:) tY & Have a most awesome week
15 and i still cant do nothing
peyton is overrated like his brother.
Working board exams ALL day tomorrow...this time next year ill actually be taking them!!
I'm getting a tatooo this weekend suggestions please....
Handle ya business!!!
Do you know a ink were we can see results by ward? At least just for Dane? Thanks!
Anyone else miss the Andy Milonakis?
Not knowing where you stand with someone <<<<
They will so kill them At least 4-2
R.E.P Music Houston Texas
funny but wierd
Thanks for your continued support! You all fuckin' rock!\m/
Waiting for the Hunger Games to start!!!! So excited!!!!
i hate when my mom comes in my room and doesnt shut my door on the way out.
Long day of testing glad its over!
I definitely can :)
Tonight at the CU Boulder Museum, lecture on Navajo Rugs and the opening of their new exhibit featuring their amazing collection, 6:00 PM
how come you aren't in Texas covering Bruce Chen?
The google streetview car should play a song like ice cream trucks so we know it's coming.
You know it!!!
Windows <U+2B07> Music <U+2B06>, kind of weather <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2600>
Well, you're sitting backIn your rose pinkCadillacMaking bets on Kentucky Derby DayI'll be in my basement roomWith a needle and a spoon-MICK
Im actually bullish in the near term
#dwts better not send home!!!!!!
Off for the day in 30 mins. Boss said an hr ago he has new project for me. Know he's gonna give to me at 11:55.
I AGREE!
you seriously looked like you might puke almost the entire ep tonight no offense lol
lmbooooo.....shucks i need all the 2000 to "LIKE" me too..ahahha
will be there! possibly not until 9ish or so
great to meet you! Hope we made it worth your wait...
Your ol' conceited ass ... I don't love you that much ahha
whats up my ninja?
It would be nice to come in to work and have my computer start without incident once in a while. I sound like an old person.
Why isn't sharing? Besides publishers, maybe it's people who overvalue individual content and undervalue community
stop being dead so we can go visit our boys in oob soon!
Stretching for my run. Feels good being here
you mean "came home to sam hartz curled up at my feet"...I'm glad you're home!
got 15k patch <U+263A>
Get your legal documents served by Expeditious Process Servers. Give us a call at 916-509-0677. Sacramento, CA
Just stopped by to say hi to & the food smells the way heaven better or I don't want to go there!
Be purposeful and mindful of your interactions. Stop texting & multi-tasking when people speak to you, focus on them
Just got done studying :-) Had a long day Goodnight muah!!
We don't have a booth at #railsconf but lots of us walking around and we will be at Bat Bar tonight!
I am an entrepreneur saw your articles on Alltop Please visit my new website Tina Bagon www.kidshardwarekomany.com
NO! I didn't mean to kill Tali or her people! I didn't think that would happen!
Lol. I only did the guest pass this time, knowing the chance of that happening is not very good.
Thank you! Things are starting to turn around! How have u been? Are you getting ready for the Olympics? I like winter games more!
Today is a beautiful day for the Grant Celebration. I hope New Yorkers will visit his tomb today.
The LAX game is underway and Denison leads 2-1.
I just got home from work than my gf took me to the wing stop for dinner my love is the best..i love how she feed's a nigga.i love her......
How creepy is it to get "likes" a few months after you post something, creepy as fuck
Happy Birthday (: Hope you have a good one!
i'm seriously laughing like i've never laughed before in my life HAHAHAHAH!
Whoa, Max Payne 3?
I left before i got to hoist you up on my shoulders... maybe tomorrow in photography?
:) hi Michael
I need a toe nail clipper
Thank you!
my nuts hang like ain't no curfew, bitch if you have I will surf you
Take charge of your attitude. Don't let someone else choose it for you.
Thanks brother TJ.
Boy yo money & my money aint the same damn kind! I can live yo life & my life at the same damn time!
One marker of digital humanities endeavors is making humanities scholarship accessible to more people--expanding the audience
It wouldn't be the North End without old Italian men standing on a street corner yelling at each other
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarows show ??? ,, , ,
#FF Hello and thanks for the follows!
#TaylorSwiftIsTheBest until #Beyonce walks in the same room..then she's just some skinny bitch with a baggy dress on..
"Failed to send message. Please try again or contact administrator some other way" Is there an email address where I can reach you?
#nw Robin Hood Men in Tights
How long till SNL WIll Ferrell starts trending
#FF are great follows. By all means check them out.
Season finales.
hahahaha, he didn't laugh because he's probably thinking the same thing back!
still has TMZ as only source. No "official" statement. Not calling it a lie. It's just not an official statement.
like Taylor swift said I had the best day at school today first day of 6th grade
Oh man, so much work to do...but exciting work. For awesome.
The Crime Stoppers twitter account was hacked. I believe the problem has been rectified. Sorry for any inconvenience.
#accident involving a school bus northwest 27th avenue and the palmetto expressway
saw the emails will do some follow up asap...keep showin love thoe appreciate it all...
Don't order Prime Rib 'well done'. If you're afraid of pink meat, have fried chicken! #PrimeRibDay (Ok. we'll still make it for you!)
OH : I might be a miracle worker, people, but I can't fix stupid.
thank you :)
Big Mac, Fries, and a Coke
Evil Dead aren't scary. I only fear being lebronned.
Big day...
Finished watching President's speech. I can't help admiring him. I'm still paying attention, deeply, to his every move.
so excited!!
": QPR, you're in the relegation. 6-3-1 probably isn't the formation you need." And zero pressure on the ball?!? Come on!
is that you holding the groundhog??
I hate working split shifts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Haha you literally make me want to kick you in the face.
I'M LOOKING FOR ARTIST TO COLLAB. WIT, I HAVE SOME DOPE BANGERS FOR YOU TO WORK WIT, SERIOUS ARTIST WIT MONEY ONLY, BUSINESS MONEY TALKS
nah im allowed to talk to oomf!
Love your books!
season finale of #greysanatomy!!!
i cant sleep cause i have bsb and aaron carter on my mind.
Reports are in that 5 men have been indicted on charges of plotting to blow an #Ohio Bridge up. This country is doomed
GET DOWN WITH GOOD GAME.......STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT! The BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT IN HOUSTON TEXAS!!!!!
never wanna go back to school. #springbreakforever #iwish <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
JUSTIN N SELENA. BEST COUPLE EVER!!!!!
": why are you changing my tweets when u rt?" Too good not to retweet.
Tomorrow I will not be talking to represent that Bullying is NOT okay!! Well here goes to a hard day
RT : David Stern loves himself some "himself".
Taught about the ERA this morning. Have women actually achieved equality in our society today? What do you think?
Honestly, I'm at the point where I wanna say
#DontYouWish YOUR GIRLFRIEND WAS A FREAK LIKE ME. lolol wut?
Be Sweet & Please Retweet !!!
Proud to be an American.
The school geekin callin houses & stuff !
Right on girl! XOXO
Just saw the Apple 'Rock God' commercial and realized it's my neighbor. Love it!
I was falling asleep in class. Now I'm actually in my bed, wide awake and can't sleep.
I don't know anything about cricket. Tiny trophy? Ashes? What??? Reference or wikipedia citation, please?
. I went with SyntaxHighlighter MT for now, not 100% happy with it, will look around some more, thank you both.
no work today...woo hoo
Everytime I hear Wu tang forever or method man tical 2 I want McDonald's breakfast early morning drives to
just announced some west coast dates in late may... Will be announcing USA tour dates very soon! Where are you?
Question of Walmart: McDuffe does not support, hunter and Wilde support, Henderson and Day want to slow it.
Hello twitter world! Kinda scared to be here & saying good bye to my tweeting cherry
Agreed! RT : Twitter is our #1 form of personalized PD!
not to mention the refs and the NBA want the Heat to win for tv ratings going forward. The calls are going to be ridiculous.
Club hopping tonight with the girls
took me legit 3h to find a background picture BELOW 800k (wtvrtf that means) -______-
I wonder if Eli will crack up (and make us crack up) like Peyton did."Locker Room" might be one of my fave SNL sketches:...
beat me with my own balloon. in the face. rude.
I will try to go! I just saw Lainie at The Polo Pounge.
Are we not men?
Facebook page created for upcoming attendees (only) facebook page. For Travel/hotel rideshare coordination purposes
Glad everyone had a great prom, I know I did!!
80 This Weekend! Forecaster Felton at NWS points out "The last 80+ degree day in May (Sea-Tac) was 2009".
Tropical Smoothie then it's time to do work on this paper I've put off forever
Welcome back, Modesto JC students!
home sweet home <U+E415>
I am really missing my sister
alright, alright, alright!!!!
It's 2am i have to get up at 6. Why am i not asleep right now?
at least you avoided that disaster
Just signed Jaden up for baseball!
I love musicals <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Our webinar on digital signage for independent schools is about to get started. There is still time to register at...
I feel sorry for the Cuzo William Buford
they both are puzzy's who cares?
RT : Thank u DALLAS for the best year ever ...
Question time: let us know!
Take care of the rock Kansas, thanks
I think it's offensive to people who have really experienced it. You put your life on display, so deal with it
“Don’t ask what the world needs, Ask what makes you come alive, and go do it; Because what the world needs is people who have come alive!”
My life is beautiful.
My salvaged #linux box, running , is now on a crash marathon. Every time something like this happens, I learn much. So,
NICKI MINAJ IS VERY MUCH ALIVE.
I can only imagine how many people who are still using MobileMe, because iCloud is not compatible with Snow Leopard.
Great day at the market!
if westlife still had a career they wouldn't be having a farewell tour.. smdh
take charge indy
So take your eyes off the trigger. I'm not to blame if your world turns to black.
haha cause I'm talking about the gym as a whole.
PR people and government agencies: Please stop sending your press releases as file attachments only. Include the text in the email.
RT : Its a beautiful evening in the Third Ward. Drinks on the patio anyone?
Open Mic night tonight at 10! Be there or be square.
RT : "Libraries aren't just for books or movies anymore. Increasingly, they're a place to turn for job skills, shelter..."...
Pitbull make's New Years Awesome !!
Ha! Good to know :D
#thingsihate when people don't know the difference between your and you're. I'm pretty sure we all learned contractions in the 1st grade
On the bright side of today, I learned that I'm actually 5'5! Ah!
Caterpillar Just Demolished Earnings Estimates, And The Stock Is Surging (CAT) via
Reviews of Max Payne 3 point to it being outstanding. Between that & Diablo 3, how many of our followers are losing $60 (or more) tomorrow?
nobody understands me. I'll be single the rest of my life.
That he has his own place and a job now and he's taking the day off to come to my graduation/openhouse if he can. c':
#FF Social Media Leaders
glad u like it my songs playin on sucksfreeradio if u listen online am 4 collab more later.
Hagan Pushes Bill To Accelerate Drug Approval — North Carolina Public Radio WUNC
I love big black cock!
I'm glad to have served with you and the War Eagle.
Liam James Payne 1DUpdateIndoQuiz i have no clue what this is but oh well
make me! *licks tongue out*
"omg my shorts have a rip on my butthole!!! Oh no I walked up stairs too!!! Oh no!!!" -
let's go skiing!!
I don't think that there is a such the as a "player" there's just a bunch of unfaithful immature little girls and boys in this world
That video was filmed in our hotel.
Great lunch with the fam at BJ's, then picked up a power supply for the kids' computer. Can't wait for the 'Girls Night' sleepover tomorrow!
Anyone need Catalyst Atlanta tickets? We've got too many! DM me. #cat11 www.catalystconference.com
Does he personally own it now?
Look forward to seeing you at the rodeo!
Good, tired, got in on a red eye this AM. Glad your hotel is so nice and artsy, peaceful. How are you? :)
LOL... I forgot to mention the three layer banana split cake !!!
enjoy your freedom and be safe!!!!! Happy 4th!
Didn't win the drawing for opening day #Marlins tickets. I'm going to go sit in a corner and cry now.
(2 of 2) have any suggestions 4 where we can go or who to talk to?She wants to go to the Lab of Ornith and meet bird people :-)
I don't think I've been inside any store but Nordstrom since I worked at A&F in high school...
You heard that, It has been all giants so far...and to come hahaha!!
stop lying!(;
did you just call me old? Lol
Pune just woke up and killed my slushy -__-
maybe tonite i feel more......
I just bought a bag of chips for a homeless man then realized he had no teeth :/
Oh you know, working on #libraryschool hw... with 23 tabs currently open...
One of the perks of Twitter is that my followers now know that I was drinking heavily throughout kickball, yet my wife has nary a clue.
What's new on the #usguys agenda? someone mentioned updates on EAv, LOL!
Love it. MT : Determined to make role model in best #ROWE practices & great example for #NY tech
got filmed in 3D (stereo SI-2K) with at #CES, and then displayed on a no-glasses #3D HD TV. Enough buzzwords for ya?
This new guy cant handle my sarcasim or sass.
Getting my shoes and jewelry for prom later today
and i have been talking about how we love them! tomorrow i am going to try to get tickets to the 2013 tour :)
Not sure who to blame on this one... leaning towards blaming the Americans//Agreed although i guess every bank has a SWIFT
Bk home going bk to sleep now
In 2011 Child Advocates served 5,631 children and has trained over 500 community volunteers.
Text: camosbrothers To:96362 for specials, coupons & breaking-pizza news from your favorite NY pizzeria
Don't worry, we're used to it.
8 Days Magazine - Happy 20th Anniversary Party!
I'm considering adding history to my soc degree since u got me interested n historiography, USF has intrdsplny plan 4 both
ah ok thankyou(:
i luv u
YAY!! You guys will love it!
Had a great time in Addis today. did a little shopping.
wallow your way to the library and we can wallow together. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I think of a lot of shit when I'm bored
so when are you going to see titanic 3d cc:
You can't play with someone's feelings because you're unsure of your own.
Baby imma be your motivation ;)
I don't think i can lose miss lady
Driven by passion, taught by tradition, and as grounded as... the turnpike. A taste of Belgium, with an American. Atiitude
On my fam's farm now. I went out to see the horse, and I found a truffle! My 10 year dream of being a truffle farmer could still come true.
Out of my work shift finally! Off to get stuff for to cook tonight! He's doin something special bc 10 yrs ago today we met!
baby Engum looking at a Nissan - "that's a nice Porsche!".. freshman.
Hey world. Etched poetry has arrived, place your orders today. Call, email, text, message me here or Facebook, $50 ships anywhere in the US.
have u ever cing her in concert shes amazing live
On a mission today people. Where can I find a flag pole to hang on the side of the house? Got flags...just need a pole.
you as well! nice to have met one of the hardest working folks in town the week of #snowmaggedon..along with
Good morning all!! We love all of your tweets!
I just heard that Michael Jordan thinks Scottie Pippen is better than Kareem Abdul Jabbar
Excited to go!!!
I bet if Austin comes to London, it will be in the School Holidays and I will be away..
Three or four car collision at 98th and Memorial. Rough.
Hey! We noticed your tweet on #christianmusic! You should check us out!
When I attend games at Camden Yards the O's are 1-5...I'm gonna stay away from Camden Yards for awhile.
Seen in the hood just kicking it. S/O to my nigga lil mainmain nd 4W&GP
I have a hunch about what Ozzie would say about your book.
Real or Fake
One of Michael Turners legs is as big as Matt Ryans waistand they've given it to Ryan twice and failed...cmon Falcons do it for the NFCSouth
is it non alcoholic?
just got back from the storm hokey game! Saw lots of FIGHTS! :)
Yooo pretty little liars is scary
Hubby made almond-orange pancakes for Sunday brunch! They were scrumptious! I am a very lucky lady *sigh*
RT : Very cool camera demo combining face recognition, best pic burst mode, and terrific selection UI
#lakersnation we are ride or die fans!! Everyone else can #hush!! Please and thank you...
It's a little long (20 min in the two parts), but I have listened to this once a week for the last 6 months.
haha well im going to drink lots of water! hopefully better by workouts! I bet it will feel great in a few days!
I for Sure going to go Pic up Sum comic books
Haven't lost a game in my bracket yet Let's go!!!!!
At outlining / structuring chapters.
I dig it! RT The 57 Rules of Success #1 Deliver the goods. #2 The other 56 don't matter.
"If the only prayer you say in your whole life is "Thank you," that would suffice." - Meister Eckhart
#ileftyoubecause u never grew up!!! And am way happier now :D
happiness to follow.. <U+2665>
yes yes I am
Ah, so that's your secret. Mine regard inside and out as playground!
makin a rap at 10am cause yolo
Well what can I say :(
What do you get if you cross a radio music presenter with Match of the Day ?DJ !
news is boring this morning, a crippled cat was the the most interesting news lmao
“: I miss you..” I just watched their new Ustream!!! So cute and funny!!
Looking for a #roc based social-good tech startup to do a quick pitch at Rochester Tech Startups in August. Any suggestions?
For those asking, #miamiheat are up!
At least I'm a skinny bitch w/ good fashion taste. Thanks for the motivation dear. if you are ever up in LA we should grab coffee.
Our film this Saturday is HART'S WAR, a #WWII drama starring Bruce Willis and Terence Howard. Starts 1PM, free with Library admission.
Just wasted a whole day, have to regain my discipline, this one is on me, will make it up tomorrow
Liking that I randomly chose football themed images for my #AAM2012 slides. Redskins may have done something right today.
Just trying to keep going...
#MotivationalMonday- "You is smart. You is kind. You is important." - The Help
So I'm working six days straight, but I have the whole weekend off! Hello Superbowl!!
From a lifelong resident, sounds about right RT : Stat: 14% of Wisconsin's 4.1 million drivers have a DUI conviction
“: I haven't heard a word you've said since I realized you are wearing Uggs.” haha
Show you the way love supposed to be :)
LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS <U+2665> LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS <U+2665>LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS <U+2665> LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS LOUIS <U+2665> -Your timeline needed that ;)
Looking up "frat boy" songs for work.
Love the idea of pre-loaded Kindles that can be lent out to library patrons!
Chris Paul
lmfao he never said we cant
Busy As Day , San Diego Tomorrow ? I Think So <3
The ponytail is the female equivalent of the baseball cap.
You welcome. You are AWESOME. I looked it your pictures & love the way U looked. I was DJing that night with so many activities
"The more I tell myself to forget you…the more I can't."
you got some cool pics of here
thats that BS
We are in desparate need of full size sheets, pillows, blankets, kitchen equip, cleaning supplies & trash cans for our TLP youth - THANK YOU
Frist day of Basic I'm definitely rusty from the 2 months off, however "theres no reward in easy things"
thanks for the kindness <U+263A>
I saw was doing his twitcam during 5th period and I wanted to cry.
Pols have to be cautious of neg ads 1) they make you look mean and 2) you need voters to like you. Neither concern SuperPACS.
T-Pain Rick Ross - Rap Song
is checking out his competition...
#Trivia What year did Arrowhead Stadium open?
I get total douche chills when I see that slobbering fawning idiot on Hard Balls.Too bad you can't have Obams kid you idiot
It would be interesting to see Compton centinnel actually okay team ball . Very athletc
it's true!!
#2peoplethatbelongtogether me and Have you seen us!
did someone ask for your opinion...your time with
Where build network parents of kids with form of #autism. I am in! How can I help?
Brett Gardner, you look good.
OMG BOSTON BOSTON. IT'S A WET ONE!!!!
I guess ill go do my chores! :\
That was probably way back in anything-goes '09.
Woke up this morning excited about going to work today. Obviously I hit my head at some point in the middle of the night!
Bro, lay off the haterade
Me too!
Call me man!!
There was a bad server that caused a time out that temporarily caused this issue with a couple of requests. It's fixed.
new #UWM Athletic Director, Andy Geiger joins us NOW! SportsRadio
oh bye guys <U+270C>
159 ON MY EOC FOR SCIENCE! I PASSED!
Get on the list start winning and not paying your man. May will be even better than April and April was great
I know:-( I'm on the wait list at the lapl...number 569 NO JOKE!!
#fridayreads #LTReads China Lake by Gardiner - keeping me up past my bedtime! Working on Fire Season by Connors - makes me long for spring
#amst260 There have even been cases where Amazon used a "kill switch" on a person's Kindle to delete e-books illegally acquired.
*good sigh* yeah, my day was just that amazing, and I don't think I have ever talked on the phone for that long ever. #:-)
swagg me to lol wat school u go to i went to jhs RT : I represents that all day, lol
lets do goodnights and good mornings! =]
#ThingsMyMotherSays she'd always randomly be like; "don't you touch my dog!!" haha from silence of the lambs <3
Long day in NYC. Toured NYU & New School. On to University of the Arts and Philly.
It's my birthday today. Spending it with some friends and my dogs. Life at 55 is still good.
I just hate that I couldn't be in Marissa Kilpatrick's scene because I didn't know where she was the whole first week :/
The day after st Patrick's day is like the day after my birthday
Go Heat! Redemption time!!
You always have the same excuse.
Steve you are already hip.
I've just updated the Innovators website with updates. Check them out and be blessed!
Finding money in your Venmo account is like finding $5 in your pocket after doing laundry. I mean, it's basically free money.
Please join us for another public meeting tonight at the UPMC South Side Cafeteria at 6:00 pm!
next week when you sing "Mean", I'm so going to die...love when you sing! Check your mailbox when you can too!! :)
Did I just hear the weather guy say 3 more inches of snow tonight? I am going to blame all of this on the people who were doubting the snow.
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
But what confuses me is if I didn't tip you dancing why on earth would you ask me for a tip.. Here's a tip
Amazing description of winter and what we miss when it's warm instead on A Prairie Home Companion today.
Distance is just another test.
yeah i like follow me please
Today has been a fun day. Havent picked up my pencil all day.
What did the blonde say when she was asked"what are the last 2 words of the national anthem".?....play ball
That student quote was shared by one of our teachers who was pleased to hear it as he gave his lesson on the knight to a 4th grade class.
I'm all in for local coffee joints, but Starbucks holiday drinks.. They're killin' everybody with those!
What a great night for budget & evaluations training!!
Shout out to !
i dont get the #yolo relevance, but it's all good
lmfao Chad loved us
endorsed Greg Cox 4 Supervisor, Jerry Rindone 4 Board of Education, and 4 Council - great candidates!
I spent the same amount of time playing Civ V
Thanks, friend!
ah lol did u sleep all day
Does that mean u guys are gonna use reusable bags? Whoa! American style!! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Batman is a douche
lets get kicked out of walmart.
I'm in bed on my iPhone
I know Kinnie was thinking from time to time. As was Hemingway. I saw them working with Rucker on his footwork.
#Consignment #VampireLife & #Dreamchasers2 the only musice playin in in ma ipod rite now
I want control of an ant army so I can write in living ant on a wall "DO NOT TOUCH THIS WALL, IT IS COVERED IN ANTS"
BROMANCE AW
True. Though I would be more stoked about this WFH day if it didn't mean doing house chores /while/ I work, haha.
Pubcon should have a lost and found for lost rank and found knowledge.
What are you thankful for this year?
FINE THEN!
lol I think I just saved your life(x
oops! 1st thru 9th, lol. i always planned july, rich. i think patti is going in june.
i be back quick nap!
Tryn to remember n rewrite songs I lost when my phone crashed....
what's good fam?
which would make Kendrys Morales available ??
Not a bad guess, it'll depend on how fast we cloud up. Hillsboro is at 45 now PDX 51.
thank you for the great job covering the #sabres. I really enjoyed following your tweets.
hope every1 is having a great labor day back to work tomorrow. Bo
I gotta stop being negative on myself yes people I lost get off dick saying I thought you were the fastest it aint over yet
“ Thank God for milk n cookies *Bows head*”
Reading about 18th century Barbary pirates.
Tune in tomorrow at 1pm eastern as we talk about our May photo contest. Doing landscapes so get your images ready.
If you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. ~ Dolly Parton
Our food blogger is scheduled to be on MiddayFix tomorrow!
28 mph winds and I choose tonight to commute home with the dry cleaning.
Perhaps you should simply ask "are you a re-tard?" If they retweet, they obviously are.
Fuck the UD book store such a fucking rip off
SO MUCH DRUNK SKATING
I can't wait! I've heard nothing but amazing things about the show! :)
good night loyal followers :)
Oh my...one of my posts got 1,135 hits. Wow!!!!
Loud man taking all mf day...customer lost...
When I get dress,iget fresh!
happy bday man hope it's a good one !
Make hay while sun shines.
We may have to, but it's getting expensive.
...of general switch. Obviously theaters are sometimes <U+30B7><U+30CD><U+30DE><U+30BA> (though mostly <U+30B7><U+30A2><U+30BF><U+30FC> if it's in katakana). Film journals still <U+30AD><U+30CD><U+30DE>
Listening to of Yelp speak at event
I need custom service help. can you give me a phone number to call where I can actually talk to someone?
Merry Christmas to everone<U+2665> Lots of love, hugs, and kisses from me to you(:
Thanks everyone for all the love and support! Stay tuned for big things coming out of Colorado ;)
3/13 2:45pm: The BPO is currently experiencing phone outages and working to resolve the problem, thank you for your patience.
just tried Pi iin Chinatown. Tasty and super good service!
I hate sex in the movies. Tried it once, the seat folded up, the drink spilled and that ice, well it really chilled my mood.
Weird. Wanna do me a quick favor and check the "Best time to leave" feature for Seattle to Bellevue via I-90 for 9am tomorrow?
Laying in bed, thinking bout life <U+2728>
SolisEnergy will be at the IP-IN-ACTION LIVE in Miami,FL! A rep from Solis will be walking the floor and getting to know you! Look for him!
My god, you are hilarious. RT : Congratulations! Where did he ask you?
Got Rock of the Dead for xmas, 's commentary really salvages an otherwise underwhelming game.
Each morning we are born again. What we do today is what matters most. - Buddha
looking at numbers all day<
Yes! I can't remember when the next PB crit group is. 12/11? Spouse & I will be at the R xmas party Friday. Whoo hoo!
Why does my blackberry tour constantly give me the "unable to contact facebook" msg now that I upgraded? I have not been able to get login.
If he loves his music, movies, or gaming then he's in for a real treat. Thanks!
I see flashes of gold in Oakland tonight!!! I love you guys. thank you for a great show!
they treat us bad whenever we play there. With the exception few of their waiters.
www.reverbnation.com/evandstel ... EVERYONE RT AND SHOW SOME LOVE !
oh yeah
Street smart and book smart mama ain't raise no chumps or no dummies
I really want one of those puppies...
“: Iced venti white chocolate mocha, YES PLEASE <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><U+2615> ” working hard
By my count: 2 dream catchers, one (altered) Thoreau quote, one leopard print outifit, one pink piñata
I think doing this every once in a while is therapeutic. Tomorrow you will probably be extra motivated.
Thanks for the follow -- love to connect with other entrepreneurs
Rolling up I-10 & I-17 to Flagstaff this evening to meet with some fine biz individuals tomorrow then back to the desert tomorrow night
I'm fly like a bee.
You mean to tell me you can't afford to eat but you got a fresh pair of J's on? I don't care who wore it before you decided you wanted it
Clearly, Italy is the hot place for reality stars to duke it out
The same goes for me RT : I Could Be A Drug Dealer If I Wanted 2 Cuz I Don Neva Sleep!
My house smells like Artificial cheese ;)
I wish someone loved me enough to bring me a glass of water.. Im so thirsty -hint hint-
I wasn't born yet.
what are you up to tonight?
Spent some time at today. Feel smarter. Kind of like the "I stayed at a Holiday Inn Express" effect.
I say "Boom goes the dynamite" a million times a day! I usually use it when I finish something that was rough. Great phrase! :)
not that there's anything wrong with a girly pinboard, but I agree
Helping out on a video shoot in Cambridge which is going into the late evening
RT RT“ If you got someone good, Why do them wrong?..”
To be clear, I'm not disrespecting Teen Wolf's game. He was a fantastic player, just not much of a distributor. Or a pure point guard.
This double cheeseurger and fries I got right now >
your awesome! Sometimes I feel like I'm the only one who even listens to it anymore lol
drinking a milkshake!
so cute! You've got a great little guy! <3 him
what an awesome blog. I'm going to kick in $25 over the weekend. Enjoy and safe travels!
yes!! It's like the best thing in the world!!!!!!
Just Gettinn Home , Phone Dead -__-
Thank u for S/O& VIP
And how was your New Years?
You're welcome!
Finally home.. Been on the streets since 7:30.. Gonna make some breakfast then do some cleaning.. Busy day ahead of me
I'm totally in awe of so many things you all having going on in CO. I wanna be like Sharon if/when I grow up.
Thanks for the follow, welcome to Twitter!
loved Ali Kazma's "OK 2010". rhythmic like pygmy water music.
Merry Christmas! hope all of you are having a lot a lot of fun <3
Mufuckas don't be wanting shit anyway.
SECO iPad app now available. Search SECO International in iTunes store.
ah that blows. Hah I guess :p fuckin hate these little kids
YAY Alex is coming to my bday. I'm buying my ticket tonight :)
Storage gurus we want to know #FF StorageNerve
GOOD! i'll be all moved into my new apartment by August 1st! ^.^
If you think education is expensive, try ignorance
Thanks so much to everyone that came tonight!!
have fun w/ bikini babes!
Yay! It'll be great to have you! RT : We plan on kickin' it at Area 53 on the regular, by the way.
specifically to reference "future research needed" in a scholarly article. using it to frame my interest in their program.
A run!
Hm, all your jobs are "rush" jobs.
Apparently everyone's going to write Benny's name in for pres. tomorrow. LOL, anyone over Sterling.
former Aggies star Danielle Adams back in action for San Antonio Silver Stars tonight after missing 11 games with injury. WNBA
instagram is super cool though. I realized that I had to lay off posting nonstop photos of my cats though. lmao
The #Millennials conversation has been non stop! We're crewing up and making moves!
Whirl, Pittsburgh Post-Palette and Blacktie are here taking pictures. Look for us!
Don't have my phone, so don't call or text
Oh okay thanks for telling me . my friend wanted to know if Chachi is coming to?
No duh. But she doesn't even know you like that..
More Bay Area Mother's Day Brunch Suggestions - Zagat (blog)
Love you baby!
hope you have a safe flight!!
Read the condominium disclosures of our new home last night at 11p. Great read. Helped me go to bed fast.
Sigh. Holding out hope for better luck next year.
How you doing today? Great workout this AM! You?
Sometimes you need people to slow you down!!
guys are so cute together!
Can't sleep. This cold is killing me.
Thanks Steve Jobs for all your great contributions to the world!!!
Having ah bad morning
Thanks ! We sure do love our fans! Thanks for watching!
please tell me ur joking
don't google phee the emcee
are you in town missy??? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Who cares when your stuntin
the truth is, i miss lying in those arms of his, but i don't ever let it show.
happy Birthday to your Dad!
I was planning on being there around 730 :)
What happens when you become the president of the fan club of the supporters of the mutual admiration society? Rspkt?
Harvard has not been to NCCA since 1946.
Hey Sarita! Thanks so much for following me here. I am not following you too! L)
Thank you, Melissa! That's a major compliment from a social media expert like you. I'm sure you see plenty of crazy bios. :)
i go from watching a documentary on punk rock wonder marian anderson to watching one on the beginning of the spice girls. what is this...
Happy bornday to my dog I aint forgot about you big time!!!
Don't forget to watch Scandal tonite with my girl Kerry Washington. She really does her thing in this show, your gonna love her.
"Steak and Shrimp! Steak and Shrimp!"
Taking all questions
I wonder what I'm doing tonight
Now I'm craving ice cream. MT Gave out samples of Strawberry Nields Whenever: Rich vanilla w strawbs, a strawb swirl & choc chunks.
: Follow They are all awesome and unique artist
Thanks for sharing my letting go of list obsession post. :-)
cool thanks, say hi to Bri
#ThingsThatAreSEXY smooth skin
he obv played for the Philadelphia Athletics
kewl. IM/tweet when you're done workin !
It's better than 2yrs ago, when I got to 48K and realize THAT was where story started... ARGH! Not much I could reuse, either :P
#ireallywant to be with you all the time
Likewise, Amber -- thanks for being on the blogging panel! You all were great.
just saw #ThinkLikeAMan nd I must say that it waz a gud mvie.....and al the women in that movie waz fine as eva..except..gail..lol
LOL u and I are working ob the same street at 2 different bars... sucks cause I could use some right now!
This time last night I was getting ready to rock out with Lady Antebellum
I was just sitting here writing some new lyrics and the song went in a weird direction. It sounds great though. We will see.
Come by and hear about AntiSocial Media. Hear what true relationship blogging is about! Going on in Ballroom A right now!
When I was a little girl, my grandma would hide chocolate eggs all along her hedge for us to find at Easter. Grandmas make childhood magical
Stop by after work to catch the last #Bulls home game b4 #playoffs and keep ur eye on the #NFLdraft too. Lots of TVs.
SMH, silly stubborn......
Prof Sandy Pentland from MIT Media Lab provides "the big picture". Personal data is THE prime source of value on the Internet.
Have you ever publicized the dev team behind ?
sssh don't tell all the secrets RT #Taurus will agree with you to shut you up.
I'm not a cool kid then D: I don't have cable at my mom's house, so I have to watch everything online
"When you combine both - excellence plus consistency - you create truly exceptional value." -Go-Givers Sell More
Desperately trying to be productive
Yeah I do I have a couple more
Everyone Saying That Lol!! But Thanks Hun!! Can You RT It So Other Fans Can See It
Brian thanks for the mention.
We are creating a custom twitter background just like the ones our Pro Athletes use 4 one lucky follower tonight. Follow & RT 2 be eligible.
darn you, now I had to comment too.
RT if you are ubering to the match! GO SOUNDERS!
I'm gonna need a trampoline.
Kansas city
“Prepare for the unknown by studying how others in the past have coped with the unforeseeable and the unpredictable.” George Patton
Goodmorning twitter. Just in pre-algebra!
I live in DC & I hear/see that constantly-welcome to my world. Least u don't get stuck in traffic everytime POTUS leaves home.
What would happen if pigs went on strike? They'd form pigget lines.
Its fine by me if you never leave
you already know!
I love where your heart beats!
congrats jimmy on ur THANK YOU book...
Hah i SUCK at Bowling!
An important part I forgot about for giving practice AP exams.... They are BORING to proctor!!
Told stories at a high school in the southern part of Trinidad. The vice principal was impressed that when the bell rang the kids didn't go.
everything straight fam?
what about the player overseas jacking the ref in the eye and knocking him out?
you scared the shot out of me by retweeting that -.-
Back in LA. You stay classy, San Diego.
yes i ask teachers if they no #RiverPhoenix or #JerryO'Connell yes im werid
I use to fear my future but now I dread my adolesence.
So, are you sticking with your 'New Year's Resolution'?
It's allowed!
The defintion of ugly is me
good luck!
Happy Birthday to #SArockstar, ! :)
Taking in some sox / angels tonight. nice
Its funny how niggas nd females turn gangsta after high sku. . . Smh only in arlington !
The National Unemployment Rate has dropped to 8.1% (the lowest it's been since Obama has been in office). The #GOP has no case.
I've been a MET fan since the early 80's bat boy for the Little Falls Mets. I have a real job now a teacher. Looking for summer job.
Please email me: . I have some specials for digitizing and screen printing at GalaxyDigitizing.
Thanks for the RT. Thank you for supporting your community AND Las Vegas Cash Mob! Maybe we'll see you there.
fuck her mentally
So here is what i dont get about the Trayvon Martin case - whatever happened to innocent until proven guilty?
I'm trying to go see
yeah, Black Friday sounds to urban/ethnic plus that's what we're really celebrating.. right??
Just phone-ordered 15 yards of fabric for my wedding dress from Mood in LA. Boom.
Knicks only down 2 going into the half. They are good if melo stay hot.
happy birthday man
Happy Birthday Aric!
I seen that... But wwe don't treat the divas right they get like 1 match a night and their entrance is longer then match
I like seeing bitches on motorcycles! It's a turn on hehe
OMG JUSTIN YOU MADE MY DAY! THANK YOU FOR THE SIGNED POSTER!!! :) love youu
The front is almost through but still some steady rain out there east of Portland
had a bad nite last week ,slept hard the following nite
Dread going to work
Some guns have Andy Pettitte hitting 90 mph in the first inning. The velocity is no concern as he is back to '10 form through 1 inning.
where can you be scene?
My biggest disappointment with #Obamacare is the Death Panels. Specifically the lack thereof. That sounded like a cool job.
Plans for Thurs? Now you do! Come to our Rat Pack Patio launch at Bleu! Cigars and sig. cocktails! Invite only, email !
There are too MANY ads on the traffic page: 2 in the top banner, 1 bottom banner, 3 large block ads & 3 sponsored links.
RT : What u resist, persists. That is because, by ur continued attention to it in a negative way, u continue 2 place it there
I'm going to eat some McNuggets
Amazing how you conduct yourself. You really shined even more in that CSS interview.
It’s the first day of Fall, and Summer is now officially over. Time to start drinking your #SPORTea hot instead of iced :D
Thanks for the RT's!
Countdown still going, 44 days till I will be in Jamaica going against some of the hottest models in the world!!
RT : If you're a political conservative & wondering why older blacks have such faith in the Fed Gov't, watch Freedom Riders.
nice pic from back in the day
Stage diving like it's 1989 "Doors 7:30. Set times: Black Box Revelation 8:30. Jane's Addiction 9:40.”
love ya
Send me some contact info and I'll try to get someone in contact with you!
I can't keep my eyes open. Goodnight!
Dear #ChefFredo I would like some fried Oreos. Come to Dade City, Florida and make me some, yes?
Yes Israel must defend itself and will welcome peaceful dialog with the Palestinians as soon as they renounce terrorism.
Jennifer beals is alive she guest stared on #castle this season that line was crazy lol
why is term limits a partisan issue? Why more Republican support? Vlad: perhaps a belief that less govt. will result.
Oh shit! Nun but drama tomoro yall lbs pray for me <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
We decided to get a motel room tonight. We have spare time so we are kicking back and relaxing. Yeah a real bed. I needed this.
First day with my wife back to work. I've got all 3 kiddies on my day off and we're surviving thus far. It's...it's a miracle.
I think Madonna should be cast as Mrs Robinson in the 50 Shades movies
Any one notice my last two RTs? Alex tweeted that then like Austin replied.
Its a winter wonderland!
Can you all smell the fog machine and see the strobe lights?
.... yes. Very good coffee.
That's what happens when you jump stop into a shot. It's too slow and you get blocked.
Happy Birthday Lis!!! Wish all ur dreams come true! Love u to LIFE!!!
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1> RT : MAN I ALWAYS GET HONGREE @ THIS TIME OF NITE....
Good way to get out of that Matt!
A two and done rule for the NBA? That would still benefit UK immensely, imagine if everyone had to stay for at least 2 years
Check it > " #unfollowfriday " - bristol must be a naughty tweeter... Coffee w/ baileys please... hangover Sunday begins now.
will do thanks for the tip
Sorry computer but I really need to watch the #NYR & #RBNY games while rendering an AE project & color correcting in FCP.
With a new law suit & a major movie cancelled, seems like Marvel is faltering immediately after Disney deal. Just growing pains, or bigger?
How'd u know I wasn't sorry
Ones merit is irrelevant when human nature favors ones like you. White are majority guess who gets shafted.
Game 3. Le'ts go HEAT!
Things that make you go, "Hum"
Overslept for my group run. Looks like I'm gonna hafta do this by myself..
You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile. - Brian Tracy
on the voice>>> everything<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
also all of the lacrosse games bc I got to extra in a lot of them!
#erl12 download 3 yrs of counter data with use from stats provider & adjust cost per use by usage period
Yes, agreed! Lovely to meet in real life.
I'm not 100% on that but thought I have heard/read that somewhere
good night
UPCOMING SHOWS: JUNE 9 2012 BROOKLYN PRIDE
'Dream House' with Daniel Craig and Rachel Weisz is a good example of why I love $3 theaters.
easy -- they're fickle animals! I'm excited about your new book! If you need any dog translation, I'd be happy to help.
I was actually next to the person who claps when the plane lands
hey, i dont know you, but look, cutting your wrist isnt going to make any pain go away. anyones better than that. don't do it.
lol, I figured. In-laws are traveling north in the am...they might not get too far
The only place you find success before work is in the dictionary
I'm not.
smh what time are you going
I need a vacation, anywhere.
keep up the good work. Driving them to such vitriol means you must be doing something right.
And you just got some extra cool points! Up the Irons, my friendo ;)
i am looking for a designer cofounder. What's the process of working with your members?
I am so sad about Maurice Sendak. The world is a little dimmer today.
Dang finally hit 200 Tweets !
Delicious Valentine's dinner last night. Enjoyed every course, but still feeling full! Wish I had more room to finish dessert!
I ain't even mad
Or maybe Billy Ray Cyrus?
oh damn haha that's cool.
nope i've been married for almost 3 years and we still watch wedding shows get used to that.
Spray it, don't say it.
Purdue played so hard. Tough loss.
Lol too many ppl RT my last two tweets...niggas crazy.
#Happy4thBirthdayRIOT Been following for years and hopefully years to come!
What would you do if I sang out of tune? Would you get up and walk out on me?
how in the hell am I listening to Jesse Boykins for the first time, right now?!?!?!
- *waves at you from south of Denver*
up early with a shit load of cash
well I got an email frm the site sayin 2 get ur webcam ready 4 it.said nothin bout a password.mayb he givs it 2 u
I love the fireplace surround! =) My middle name is herringbone. =)
follow me lets DM
I told you my biggest fear. I trusted you. But where are you? You're the only one I want right now and i can't even talk to you :/
RT : It's true, Cultural Campus Concert Crawl is happening tomorrow!
Shoutout to & follow :D
I'm a negative on both of those points.
Yeah it would be (: Im 16 and questioning so I havent kissed yet (X
Why do you HEART MKE?! have shared why don't you?
Why is peanutbutter so good? It will never get old for me...
Haha as long as u can bring someone !
Oh my god, your logic is amazing.
Thanks for the follow! We're proud supporters of pilates and all holistic #exercise. Give us a visit sometime!
Thx in advance for your donation. You can drop them off @ the shelter 1130 Park Ave W or our admin. office 3501 E. 46th Ave!
well of course you were! u rock!
Everything in the universe serves a purpose.
You are one of my favorites too! : ) would love to see you anytime, lady!
Teens! Open Mic Night Tonight Library 6:30 sign-up. Light Refreshments.
Albuquerque NM use to "FAKE" (ARTIST) Da whole city know I AM THAT GUY... My hard work speaks louder that words.
is juggling objects, priorities, and small people.
losing my mind at these journalists using poker innuendos to describe the situation. "the DOJ doesnt go all in on draws" thx matthewkredell
I thought of you when I read that one since you have an undying appreciation for No Fear / Big Johnson / Coed Naked gear :)
I thought I was happy, but then I met you and now I know I never knew what happy meant.<3 Heather.Renee.Wells.<3
Dirty = passionate
I miss my bebes
You type like a two fingered redneck. Very fitting that you hate education. RT REISGN: calls for holder's resignation growing
sweet. if you mean "the" marina in SF, you'll be about 10 minutes from my place too.
And this, my friends, is my 1000th tweet.
#nuggets of coarse.
Some thunderstorms could rumble through parts of northern and central NJ over the next few hours. Storms should enter Warren, Hunterdon soon
No joke. I saw dep of rev taking tickets off of cars at milwaukee and Oakley. I Always thought they just left it up to us to contest
Just got done ballin at cliff slide, good workout
great perspective.
I miss you!!!! Clearly we need to do lunch or sumthin!!!
What am I supposed to do when he wants to take his life.?!
Very excited to have my first day of work in the new office tomorrow!
or 'are.' Whatever.
Thanks SO MUCH for the RT! We received 20 fans yesterday, donating $100 so far! Hoping to get many more for this little boy!
Uh If. U Do That ..Deuces!!
Let's #gobulls!!!
Just remembered something terrible.
I love just watching tv all day <3
Recently purchased Puzhen's Five-Sense Yun Aroma Diffuser? Here's a video showing you how easy it is to clean & maintain:...
9 to 5 / 5 days a week / in order to seek / food and shelter / which any monkey can / find in the forests / of the night. Arya-Holmes.
thanks for the feedback -- we'll have more on this race in the coming weeks. Stay in touch
You have great posture. What are you doing for the rest of your life?
Oh Brownback. You are all the very worst things about Kansas, rolled up in a smug ball that wants to get up in my business.
So I'm finally Back from camping out at Best Buy. Black Friday really is a fun experience.
Can you easily name your top 10 favorite musicians?
happy birthday!(;
lol Christian said that ur were getting annoying cuz u were telling him to ship up
The ides of DPLA is a movement is catching on. I like to think about creating an ecosystem for a movement.
work it!
awesome article. the "hide identity" will be particularly useful
thanks for follow :)
thanks for the follow! hope you have also had a chance to LIKE us on facebook!
I guess that's how he deals with being a corporate whore selling the American people out.
thinks bad boyfriends make great ex-boyfriends.
paaalease come to p-town? You might score more in Sac, but they won't sniff the playoffs. The Rose Garden will love you.
I made up a rap about you. Like old times. It's pretty killer. :)
lookin SHARP! Someone pick me up some #SportingKC swim trunks and a beach towel.
Somewhere, out there, kids are being tested.
Before you start pointing fingers, make sure your hands are clean-
Finally broke 400 followers! Thanks for sticking with me through my rants, occasional pretentiousness and fat kid tweets.
How to be 100% SUCCESSFUL...believe that everything you do is a success!
I am hungry.
Rit on have em make an appointment.. Appointment only homie
can't type: time to reexamine the aerodynamics of swine
That hurt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>RT : Elbowed the fuck out of lmao sorry :(
Currently at 6:37pm in Atlanta, GA it is 82 degrees.
Hi bro, got any ideas for playing in Seattle? Will be touring in April, West Coast CD release tour. Pls advise. Best
I'm on the side of liberty, if Alec Baldwins wants the freedom to do what he wants, when he wants it- he should switch sides.
Have you made your Mother's Day #brunch reservations yet? Check out OpenTable for some availabilities! Your momma will thank you! ;)
Kobe calls out Gasol and Bynum for lack of effort. Since he said it to their face too, does that make it okay?
tool for establishing visual direction - interface harmony - Style Tiles - styletil.es
Gimme a 40oz and some good music so I can kick start this weekend :)
Goodnight twitter <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I think I might get dookie braids this summer
About to take a trip
City Attorney Trutanich says his office is no longer about being of service to the #LA City Council. #1 priority is public safety.
He can't even throw a strike
you're followed!
Hope everyone's having a fabulous weekend so far! :)
A feature is what your product does. A benefit is what your product does for your customers. Remember consumers buy benefits not features.
I don't have one now either, but the moment chaos stops reigning here, it is on my list!
Missing my bubby :( sighh i hate this.
claims he is the boss. Not gonna disagree.
Is that your girl my mistake, i'm still gonna take her anyway
Serendipitous discovery of 1910 Library Journal article re: Quakerism collection at library. Oh hey bi-co!
I may be new to track and field, but I don't need to be an expert to recognize #Badgers Fr. 's talent. C'gratz on 1500m win, PR.
if a Piano player is called a pianist, can a race car driver be called a racist?
Scott's letting us know about an enormous warm up. Enormup?
Happy St. Paddy's Day!! Like this status if you're wearing green.
Said goodbye to some great Enquirer journalists, editors and copy editors this evening. They will definitely be missed!
In order to get people to follow....you have to lead by example #motivation #leadership ...personality helps too :-)
Ugh filling out job applications sucks. My brain hurts. For realz.
Shooting for Law and Order SVU in NYC today
Actually not, it was just a thing that came into my mind :D Anyways, thank you, have a good one too (:
Please don't stop looking for your shot! You are an amazing player and Portland needs you to always be aggressive!
just like one more day of school and then finals y ya thank GOD
West Palm was a huge success, thank you to everyone! Juilliard Jazz in Atlanta this week, should be awesome!
I don’t care if you think you have "swag". Pull up your pants and walk faster."
Red Newt, south end of the lake. DO NOT miss the Hellbender Port and chocolate.
My tat itching like shit!!
I sat next to the artist generatingthat and kept giving him shit about all the crap he added to the screen for the sake of it.
"A problem is simply a puzzle. Figure it out and you'll discover the beautiful picture of your creative potential!"—DJohnson T&B Retwt/Pst
If only MSM and was as up to date as U! Thanks for article on Martial Law.
lmfao I was joking last night!
Is that a freaking musket? malibu's most wanted
i don't argue she's entitled to speak her voice, never that. but i guess those are the reasons i don't follow, lol
Great company can do wonders for people. Surround yourself with people who love you deeply and whose mere presence cheers up your spirit.
#NowPlaying Never Gonna Let You Down
How are you tonight?
Any tips on how to encourage my 17 year old niece to trade her 10 years invested in pom poms for an engineering class?
ALMOST SATURDAY>>>>>>>>>>>COME ON WEEKEND GET HERE!!!
Small businesses can get free software (as an online service) to help them manage & organize biz bit.ly/lHOSGY
lol, man y'all bitches a trip
Thanks for following us! Does your school use iPads?
I think there is a better chance to play Clemson....rather play them then Tech.
« Even if you lie to me once, it makes me question everything else you say.»
working on custom Drupal code today!
Haha yes, packing to move.
my favorite book of all time was Great Ganesh by Peter Hopkirk. Re Afghanistan. Reads like a spy novel.
Really? If you click on "HR" or "RBI" it will list in order top to bottom. Right above that you can click AL/NL to differentiate
Congrats to on his 1st place finish in the Southern 500 @ the Lady in Black & 's 200th WIN!
My xbox live would stop working right now..
I'm just like a Facebook Status. You can Like me Unlike me. But either way. Your not bothering me. So move on with your life. ! Thanks(:
Leadership Meeting!!! Tomorrow Morning at 9 am Meet @ the Wesley Foundation. Will be done by 5pm.
your twitter video is hilarious :)
I believe so!
Elliott Masie: view learning from a design perspective instead of a constraint perspective
woo! It's getting hot in here! (so hot) so sports bra it ;D
ok make sure u hmu asap
was thinking about these threads in soc yesterday while re-reading Putnam for 101 course I'm TAing.
Well. Read threw for Pride and Prejudice was to be tonight. Moved to Monday. Never seems to be enough time between shows these days.
If you're a runner, check my blog out. Nice Tower Bridge behind ya!
lol he sound stiff trying
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Victor Van Ness! Here is to your success!
the problem is after choosing RG3, why another QB? Bigger holes to fill on the line, db, etc. Doesnt make sense.
I rarely wish I were rich more often than when I'm at the Lego store.
RIP Etta James... A true legend
I need some kind of drink to help me get over Catching Fire-i need to get Mockingjay to be at peace
Haha! I had to look that one up! #imnotadrinker <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8> #cheers “: and Soju is made from sweet potatoes” #
you did an AMAZING job tonight on #glee !! You made me cry <3 <3 <3
Our first iPad drawing at #ALFA2012 is at 1:00pm! Stop by Booth 1111 to enter!
full sized bed for me and my trees, finally back to looking forward to dreams
Saturday is parade. PLS RT post your photos to #cincinnati #cincystpatrickparade and our Facebook page
If guys on the wrestling team looked more like Taylor Lautner I might have more interest in the sport
At Spur Cross Ranch Conservation Area
I hate when people throw subliminal shots! Say what's on your mind BITCH and stop hiding.
WARNING! GOD IS ABOUT TO TAKE YOU INTO A SEASON OF MIRACLES (John 2:5) If you run out wine! "Whatever Jesus says to you, do it." #Sir Court
bad thing bout Fbook is everyone & their mom is on it. good thing bout twitter is that everyone is on it but their mom isn't. -
i hate when that happens! taco salad now!! ahahaha
he looked pretty good
I speak as a Massachusrtts person too.
Kanye is ma boy.
I wish I was at least famous enough to go to the KCAs.
#icanttakeyouseriously with your pants on the ground. You look like, well, a fool
i must go and throw this computer :/ not really good.
Enjoying the best year of my life ever! Awesome!
What's everyone doing the morning of February 16th? #ClearYourCalendar Keep watch for all details!
Save the date! 4/19/2012 Open House at downtown Madison featuring a Red Ale hop bomb brewed with WHEx hops!
how exactly will that happen? I would be very happy to take that fine automobile off your hands sir.
Jorge Ben, Blue Cheer, Herbie Hancock, "art nouveau & the erotic," red licorice, farmhouse ale. Not necessarily in that order.
team is counting down til the concert tonight! Until then...be sure to stop by our Zone!
we do too!
Beach week with in June :)
that's up man lol
We’re lucky to live in such a gorgeous city:
I own a copy of "Where the Wild Things Are." It was a gift from my sister.
it was great to hang with you on sunday!
could upend the entire DC cab market. It's not even a close fight.
First Friday art event in Las Vegas tonight! Google it!
Back from Africa and so proud of our amazing progress there! Check out the newest pics on our facebook page and stay tuned for more!
I haven't been on twitter in months!!
We need these pics from the paper!
My friend passed out at school. The ambulance took her I hope she`s ok
YOUR COMING TO BUFFALO??!!
Vegas has hood rachets
I'm sowwy I'm such a peepee, I done cain't help it, :'( Pretty sure that's illegal in every state except Kentucky.. XD
Currently, "Born in the USA." Maybe "Debaser." How about you folks? MT : What is your favorite opening song from an album?
#ihatewhen people say they don't like people & talk about them all the time.. but then act like their friend when they're with them. frauds
I won the game representing the steak.
May the Lord give me strength
UNC students bid farewell to Terri Houston
Washington. your from Mexico right?(:
I'm thinking playoff.
What do you get when Joffrey and Hubbard Street dancers join forces for a great cause? A Benefit for EMBARC! Stay Tuned
lets get #HappyBDayAri trending for tomorrow!!! #ArianaArmy!! RT to spread the word!!
i like it
Sparklehorse does not sound as the name would suggest.
Never under estimate a woman's ability to find things out.
Today's Playlist: Jazmine Sullivan, Musiq, Anthony David, Kalenna, PJ Morton, Frank Ocean, Crystal Nicole, Kindred Family Soul and SWV.
You coming to Chicago anytime soon? Or any chance you'll be at SXSW?
That awkward moment when someone really hot talks to you and you suddenly forget what language you speak.
I don't have to answer to any man or boy okay
I'd have paid good money to see that.
SPIKE LEE tweeting peoples address??....sigh
#IWishIHad a way to make it Summer now so this ominous feeling of snow coming back will be gone for good.
i love my mom cause she cares like KOHL's cares!
Online dating stinks.
Desmond, the moon bear.
Steve is even more of a no brainer
Mama raised me but hip hop made me
Profit margins have probably peaked, it's unlikely that the economy will grow sufficiently rapidly to sustain rapid earnings growth.
Sometimes the right person for you was there all along. You just didn't see it because the wrong one was blocking the sight. ()
Canada's new FISA law applies to any commerical elect message ... are US companies ready?
I learned about from an awesome company...and SUCH a good gift idea!
JDI receives letters each day from survivors. Today, Ca'Linda wrote "I am a prisoner rape survivor, not a prisoner rape victim!" We agree!
"Who's up for penis cake?" -Rube Sheeber
Wild night in Sheboygan y'all RT: v - cows were loose, are contained now
Dance Moms: Miami
It's amazing when you take the time to do the things that you want to do what you can accomplish. So today let's make it happen
bout to make dinner......... where is my phone
Brain Floss: One in every 2,000 babies is born with a tooth. February is National Children's Dental Health Month. Schedule at 757-486-4880.
thank YOU!
With the help of Zotero and OneNote, I have tamed my bloated inbox!
brooke and I are both sick....
So much Obama right now.
nun just chillin
i got it too!
yay! So happy for you buddy!
RT new (famous) users usually post hot/halfnaked pics of themselves for proof.
..slicker than the guy with the thing on his eye.
awesome thanks! favorite one so far: "sloshed on sangria" :]
20 cent raise at work. I can finally buy that yacht I've been eyeballing.
Beautiful and inspiring.
that movie is awesome:) i still have vhs!
RT : And this I know, I am not done fighting for the cause of conservatism…In fact I have only begun to fight.
A lucky rabbits foot is not lucky, it is a decoy given by Satan to thank a foot rather than God for our blessings.
RENEGADE IS ON THE MOVE
Summer wedding on the #oregoncoast. Congrats to Audrey & Alex.
I like it/WAYNE-MARTIN in EL DORODO......
I call those "Paddy days".
More Money, More Problems
hahaha yeah that's it ;)
Picking up some #Ogtoberfest tonight :)
I'm a new user, can't find info on whether me requesting money from a non Dwolla person requires them to sign up?
thank you so much for the support!!!!!
Chappelle prom with my girl :)
The best way to keep a secret is not to tell it to anyone...Ashanti Proverb.
BS RT : Crawford said his comments to Alvin Gentry were him telling Gentry "I could have been here. You could have had me."
"Play MINISTRY radio." It's gonna be a crazy Friday at work, guys.
“: Me: "I'm over my crush" Crush: "hey" Me: "Nevermind"”
We all have that creepy neighbor that never comes out of there house.
Man I'm hungry as hell and this leftover lo mein is only enough to piss me off!
When should I start putting good things into my mind? Do it now.
Waiting on my new bike to be delivered
I miss u mi amore!!
The Piano Bar is rockin'n in' 'in 'in. Cool vibes
I think we're gonna have to do a virtual wake when this season of Downton Abbey finishes. Made it back from Seattle in time to watch ...
Cannot wait to see the vow
Hello, Gmail?
I really like this guy. I just wish his feelings were mutual.
does ur phone work anymore? or does it no work only when i call?
IN Quotes: "In order to succeed, your vision must be bigger than your fears."
we ARE pretty Hi-Lar-I-Ous!
I honestly don't remember the last time I slept in my bed.
movin' my hips like yea.
got nominated for homecoming princess...uugh lol
It was hard when she left, even harder after she passed.
I will begin to paint again this week! I promise!
Another difficult day in our town. But we are here for one another.
Yeah, Nic Cage was good. "High praise." haha!
yup he's gettin back in the #artist groove and will be releasing many more covers and originals :)
So tight
What's Ricky Williams up to today?
Instagram is not a place for you to post nasty pictures of yourself in your sports bra and boy shorts after your work out. you're not cute.
Happy Easter to you too
Can someone just take me to another country all summer? Me love you long time!
Exposed bra straps (under tanks) are not cute...
Have fun!
Celebrating the strength of #women is a beautiful thing! Especially considering many women in the world still don't have a voice.
Michalko summary: knowledge is not a zero-sum game. You don't have to be great to be global. Fact of our life.
#TheFirstSongIHeardBy was "Whisper" on a windy cold day in Chicago. Changed my life. For reals.
Thanks for the RT!
dread threads T++, Jens zimmermann on drumzzz some people like it. Mordantly funny beats.
very true. I like you better than Brian.
Thanks for your support! Do you have the single?
In her white bikini she does have on spray on abs
Oh, she's lying about the miscarriage. Big time.
U funny babe *smooch*
Regret is the worst feeling in the world....
does anybody kno who phillip and emmanuel hudson is?
Why is the future so scary? Ugh
Ok y'all ttyl I'm going to try to fall bck to sleep
How much you can take and keep moving forward
Seriously. Mastodon. Unbelievable.
My agency is throwing the sickest party right now in Hollywood, open bar and open hot dogs- my life is complete.
Saw some old friends, met new friends, and helped to connect 643 people to much needed services# grateful.
Lefty Frizzell, "If You Got The Money, I Got The Time" = SCIENCE!!!
I was at the store the kiosk said someone in Washington one the biggest Lotto in history. I haven't checked my tickets and won't till tm.
then quit complaining about the loss! Hahah
“: Listeing to some classical LA music #KUSC #iheartradio” // So how do we sound on the app?
yeah but its gonna take a while for me to do it like 3 days , its cool? And the email is ...
All is full of love!
follow me luke :)
God provides the atmosphere of trouble, insecurity, instability & trouble for YOU to build up your most holy faith.
I'll be there baby !
Will there be a wrestling match?
Looking for a job this spring? We need basketball officials. Starting pay is $10/hr. Email if you are interested!
Lamington is soo cute! Just thought I'd share ;-)
i did too it was very sad
Hi Nicole! I'm alive, and well! Just spending more time on FB when I'm able. How are you?? How was the race?
Do u think anyone in this crowd was thinking "oh please do 2 songs from Chinese Democracy for the encore."I guess Axel did.
Albert Speer is NOT a conceptual artist
I'm at Tree of Life Yoga
Now it's back to reality...
60 degrees all week in #NewYork! Time to get outside.
Do you think the Canucks go after Mike Smith this off season?
Sorry, you’re not funny enough to work here; a survey of 1,400 CFOs found 57% think a sense of humor is important via
Techies make way for stranded Egyptians to be heard
Excited to be @ CES launching two new products!
RT : Q1 one more thing that terrifies IT. #winning . #clouduc8 <Yeah - they hate that "loss of control"
Did u do mines yet ?
Just pitched my first home brewing attempt. In ten days I might have my own hard cider!
Nothing hurts more than being disappointed by the single person u thought whould never hurt u
Uh oh i got that shootn guard spot filld 1st round draft pick Biotch
If you're a guy and you wear makeup just leave.
After tweeting "All Out of Love", I must ask, what is the best Air Supply song? And please do not tell me you haven't pondered this question
you can come to my dogs party with Halvo tomorrow. Double bday fiesta!
yeah, the weather was very weird. Got told maybe my body isn't ready to go back for the summer. Lol. :)
Wonder wat doing
And you seem like the perfect guests :) RT : stanton social seems like a perfect spot.
Yeah Maria is going to win.
Why won't zoey deschanel just show up naked to my door
Can you all go follow my new personal because someone hacked my old one and I lost everything
Remember I had a cute neighbor he moved -_-
that smiley show the look I had on my face lmao o_O and then I was like let me get outta here for somebody end up hurt cause'
feeling really down right now and wishing you would reply to my dms :(
I'm sorry! I gotta get rid of the place for good! Id greatly appreciate that! Im doin good workin at changs now.. You??
“ #WordsINeverWantToHear: I missed my period. Well Bitch u betta go find it”
Also, see the Sean Connery movie 'Outland' (which is basically 'High Noon' in space).
now proudly representing Waterford Press! www.waterfordpress.com
Worries linger about Nickelodeon&#39;s ratings slump
#/reasonstobeatyourgirlfriend is a disrespectful trend!!
I dont believe hes at the door anymore. SO we will go ahead and take care of you!
Kazuo Ishiguro is a badass author. "Never Let Me Go" is SO good! Good night!
Ok I've been called beautiful twice today. I can live with this.
I went to UC!
Time goes by so fast, people go in & out of our life. We must never miss the opportunity to tell these people how much they mean to us!
6 months until EdCamp Social Studies! Can't wait for the fun & collaboration with AMAZING educators!
I like that..
Um yea , didn't think so bitch .
Sometimes you go to a comics + entertainment convention and call it "cultural immersion"
omg hurry and find one!!
not entirely off-topic: someone needs to release Ophul's "Letter From an Unknown Woman".
gossip girl here "oh the drama"
We are excited too! See you there!
Great turnout for our screening of The Experiment in St Louis tonight!
Ok I'm done. Long story short I messed up the pizza and whatever happens I hope we get a good series.
m.f's always tryin to take they anger out on somebody just because they depressed !
good thoughts & prayers with you all.
damn trina u broke gabe down!!
Had a blast at the 's event tonight, a panel with Andy, Calvin Trillin, Jonathan Alter, and Joy Behar. I love NYC.
Mhm! Gah, I just want to visit xD or see a band perform there. It seems like it'd be amazing :3
Tomorrow is Final Friday on #ArtsGrounds ! Check out Touched by Virginia at Ruffin Gallery, and the new FAVE Bar & Lounge
dangit I tried
Ryan Getzlaf can fight an entire club in 3 minutes.
"content hokey-pokey" -
And we do not by any means want to lose another member <3
I haven't gotten anything! :O
What fun we had last night at our Wine Country Music Event called "Jazz Crush". Check out "Wine Country Music Events" at Facebook for events
You the man!!!
Please help attain the follower goals. Thank you.
Alas, no. Back in western N Y. xx
oh well! It looks bomb!!!!! I knew I should of came!!! Lol
My fun buddie is retarded he said i got sum caramel on my lips u wanna taste it was tryna get a kiss but it wasnt workin
Calipari obviously told team in huddle a few minutes ago that IU is waiting for them.
It will be a great day! RT : I can't watch the 9/11 stuff on TV. Today needs to be fun as he turns 10 today!
yes, most definitely. And you'll be helping Illinois' faltering economy st the same time.
right on USO...love you
There we go ;)
Let me know what you thought of it tomorrow night... Can't wait for you and The Veeries!
i just came back from my grandma's house and before i had 16 followers i come back 2 check my twitter page and i hav 21 this is a miracle
lmao. Sorry I took so long, I fell asleep.
why are there 50 states?
yay!! I can't wait until you get out here and we can all hang out!
i feel like im depresed when im sick
Fat bitches lookin.
You are terminally awesome. :)
Our new flavor is going to be Milk Chocolate Peanut Butter!
Again w hashtags: Contemporary #church service this morning #Methodist in #Minneapolis. #Blues Sunday! Charles, Keb Mo, etc.
Cool peeps u should follow
Very well said!
BOB COSTAS DOES THE DERBY?! and I are SO HAPPY.
were you able to get the Ep yet
I'm really having withdraws right now .. I miss you peanut <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
- We should have Women's teams affiliated with the MLS teams...
RT really? Did you feel small bits of your soul being sucked out of your body in a shudder of shedding brain cells?
I think a$$ smelling perfume would be more effective
UT/A&M move to Pac 10 presupposes Colorado to Pac 10. Also, ND rebuffs Big Ten, B10 tries to force ND by breaking Big East.
HILARIOUS! RT #DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles - A Series of Unfortunate Events
That was terrible i dont know whats worse his pants or his performance
it looks very good!!!
19 birthday next saturday blessed to see that age man!
Is the UFL holding a draft online just crazy or a possibility for other leagues in the future? As social media grows, more
scotch scotch scotch
Joe a vote for Nwt isa throwaway. GetBehind the FrontRunner who has had 1 wife and not 4 wives w/ .
WTG not to give up on yourselves Raiders,very excellent win.
Getting ready to go to an electronic records conference.
you see mine every b and c day :D
Just found a cricket in my room. Now I can't sleep.
yay!!! aww man. doing laundry sucks. i have to do mine. -__-
Thanks to all who came out to Shades Of Africa!! Shout out to our lovely host
That's because some someone said he would follow anyone with that hash tag.... # desperate
... I miss when you use to get kicked every day.
The Thunder Ain't Playing NO GAMES!
Really penguins is this your new way of playing hockey?? Be winning and then just like give up and let the other team win
Hi! I'm fine thanks and you?
Again #NYGiants #SpecialTeams comes up big!!!
Nothing seems easy this season so far. Reminds me of 11th grade chemistry.
Fav show time #Bethenny Ever After
L.O.V.E. is not a noun to be defined, but a verb to be acted upon.
Playboy bunnies those wanting money........... #Biggieday truely missed
Wait! You're supposed to feed kids?
I like asking kids to discover connections between current events & history (with guidance). More meaningful web weaving.
Where is everyone watching Friday nights season opener??
sitting awkwardly with McKenzie and Andrew.
she told me! & i can't iMessage you cause i'm on my mom's phone :( she still hasn't given mine back, is in my house!
kk I know -.- stupid phone
Friday's Megamillions jackpot: half a BILLION dollars (that's $500 MILLION)!!! One time cash payout: $359 million!!
I assume their list of backstage demands includes having me there. Let me know if u need extra "staff" that day
I'm blonde again!
don't we all but that's too far lol
you best booooi, bc I sure love being supportive of your fine self!!
That goes double in Colorado!
Pretty excited about the 99% Spring and all the direct action trainings!
Now that's good preaching - we only learn through trial and error.
Just one class and two bus rides away from seeing the greatest person alive. I love you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
If LAL continues to not try and lose, it'll only be the 2nd time in the past 12 yrs that LAL or the Spurs wont rep the West in the Finals
yeah I know... I'm just gonna cry myself to sleep for now
you bring back as a heel. Yeah its not fully working. It would work maybe if it was not Cena.
#WhenIFirstSawMB I tought ray ray, was weird. Lmfao.. And that prince was the only cute one, o.o but now I think they ALL SEXY ASF.
you wake up.early for.college too
Aww Thank You!!
"Quiet, Efficient and Fast?" How quiet, covert & fast can fighter jets be for 2 hours at 3am?!?!
Good luck! RT : Great second day at #TXLA12 convention. Sad to have to leave early...but have to take certification test....
Research shows that performance is what influences employee satisfaction, not the other way around. Leaders need to help employees achieve.
This is a test.
Darn - hope you have a fast recovery from getting the teeth out though!
Great to see you today on your tour! What did you think?
": lol smh, why that name then?" Becuz its sensual... and strawberries for flavor. ;-)
iPause: Period of time bw when the light turns green & the driver in front of light looks up from his iPhone & pulls away from the light.
Man #life is KRAZY
Why is this the night the #Orioles finally beat Lester ? 14-0 all time vs.
Every time a Mad Men recap mentions the Stones were playing in Forest Hills, I feel a little bit cooler.
Whaddya think, ? Looks good, right? We're gonna make you have a tech cameo season 3.
I'm going to go buy a toolbox and then watch my chest hair grow.
Peter Pan never wanted to grow old. Hear speak on your #campus about how that might be possible
tried that! And everything else that ppl say! Haha
Hit 2 out of 3 bets yesterday, cowboys game by 1point on both over and spread. And 9ers by half a point...
Waiting for Dally to get here so I can shout strange words at her in a foreign language that no one has ever heard of.
My sister said---I HATE Babies! I said back 2 her---Then Why Were U ONE!
Designers from taking letterpress workshop today. They should've listened to dad and learned a real trade in the 1st place.
I feel really bad when I vent to my friends :( like im just being annoying
just got off work
it's Asian pearl drinks!
If Obama declares war on the environment today, he will be making a big mistake--politically, economically, morally, historically
Who is going to this week?
Hugh Jackman is just too cute!! Can't wait to see Wolverine!
"Thanks u have a good Turkey day : Happy Thanksgiving you nd yours. #zoeboient"
Forget Geico. You could save a bunch of money on child support by switching to condoms.
If you give a mouse a cookie, make sure there isn't any chocolate in it because his heart will probably explode..
Shared plate extravaganza! Avocado salmon n the red fish outstanding..Topped off with banana gingersnap pudding!
Buy her a new, bigger medicine ball.
Who's got practice or working out tonight?
Headin up to auburn!
Can't be in ATL to see on Sat.? Catch the game & enjoy buy-1-get-1 FREE 25th Anniv. Double Dog by !
RT : Love me some RT “: We talked about Christ Bridging the Gap in small group.Thought about you! #YL #Africa”
"Welcome To Sitcom! :-D" RT : I have just made this up: "Olive Garden Level Sitcom" and I release it into the public domain
Like some rock in your drink? Vt. company markets soapstone 'ice cubes' | The ... - The Republic
Nice slide deck. Sorry to see #TTWebinar fail today. Looking forward to reschedule
Thank you for your condolences. They are much appreciated.
Tea bags brought to a boil & removed from the pot tend to drip & eventually dry up -that's what I expect from this movement.
Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
I remember the first time i heard sing and thought "wow he is really good"
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. --Ralph Waldo Emerson
We have a show coming up tomorrow at The Garage in Burnsville, MN! Only eight dollars! Come out and hang!
Todd Terry live tmrw! For VIP email - no bottle service minimum for tables, book now before they're gone!
Looking forward to this! RT : I'll be giving a talk at Columbia in April entitled "#THATCamp as Scholarly Society"
possibility, what do you think
Who's aardvark's favorite male singer?Frank Sinostril!
We have arrived at Legoland in Chicago.
I can't believe I chose to wear a tie on May Day.
NICE, better luck next time. :) RT : Direct from : I put 30 bucks worth on Val and Kurt lol :)
Welcome to the twitfam! Parental Advisory
Agreed, need usf soccer season back! ": boring tweets about football. Z #terriblesport"
Thanks for the follow! Can't wait to check it out. Got any daily deals?
Hi David. I worked for Pearson in Boston for many years. Know Sarah Hull from Custom? A friend of mine. Cheers
Nerd talk: What drives me most bonkers about the Star Wars prequels is the superpowers that Jedi seem to have lost post-Clone Wars.
I agree, that guy is a nut!
#favoriterapperrightnow besides me drake he killing the game!!!!
Crazy busy weekend. Have to schlepp all the way to Queens later for a Christening! Ugh
are u in school le ?
I stay with a box of this stuff. I can sing over any sickness because of this tea!
Current graduates should create a plan of action for theor career. Know where you're going and how to get there
I'm glad all is well with you. It's funny since 55 degrees is perfect for Detroit. ;)
no remember I saw you yest...we kidnapped the chef at loco poco, I think we might be asking for too much ransome $$
This is the strangest walk I have had on K Street in a long time...and that says a lot. Is there a full moon out tonight?
Once you’ve raced, you never forget it…and you never get over it. – Richard Childress
Just the two of us alone feeling like we should.
how adorable we're you and tonight on #wwhl. Definitely the classy bunch of reality tv.
That sounds like an awesome chapter. And also like the set-up to a postmodern novel.
Is it then the audience's job to make relevant connections between #newplay and current events?
Looks like Obama Care will become law ...
They were tight. Professional. Smooth. Interesting scene. I think I'd like the style of music better if I could dance.
at home y?
I agree. Work gets in the way of the outdoors too much.
i'm glad you like it!
Grouplove dedicates last song of encore to
D: i cant get floor seats then.
that's where I get my cuts, great place.
happy almost birthday, Lou!
Massive thoracic rotation right there!
I just woke up! Lol. I'm late in this convo. I don't remember your shoe breaking.
Good Morning world
Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly.
the tickets for tampa isn't working, will they be selling on saturday again?
Thank you to everyone stopped by the Study Away table at the Student Organization Fair yesterday the SCT Organization Fair today!
Get show services 10-30 days before.Best to order 30+ days prior to save on costs- if you wait to the day, floor price can be 10-20% higher.
Always hard to categorize ; would love to see arts/culture orgs represented in future years.
Right, though both must be earned.
Hahaha women are whores, liars, users and I hope any that cross me or my friends get aids, suffer, and skull fucked with spike. Happy Monday
I will bail you out but I can't guarantee I will bring you clothes when I bail you out of jail(;
Just landed. Its hot down hurrrr
that statute is only meant to protect citizens in their homes/vehicles. If you escalate the situation, it does not apply.
RT : Apple having presser at 1pm & Chris Christie is too. Either Christie will reveal he *is* the iPhone 5, or he needs PR help.
It's all da way live at penthouse righ na.
Weird washing my hair this morning. I usually have to submerge may hair in conditioner. Now I just have sprinkle it like picked dust.
the reason there's no such thing as a free lunch is the opportunity cost of the other things we could be doing with that time
Great formula to achieve your dreams!
“Be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.” <U+2015> Maya Angelou
What do you want to do in 2012?
crack is wack ;)
My misanthropy knows no bounds.
Taking a relax on the record for a bit going off to do some shows on my own hello Iowa, Chicago, and Indiana/hometown
Not any longer...I'm from the Lou, I used to shoot the 5 Spot back in the day with Isis Jones. I live in New York now.
yeah, just another day Catherine Zeta Jones and Mark Walberg filming a movie down the hall
I dig. Looking forward to seeing you in the summer!
I think it's Subway time. Veggie Paties to go please.
#Furthur to play Northrop Auditorium on University of Minnesota campus!
Explaining Over Thing....
than your fine, just flip the quarter to heads walk away & walk back to the quarter & BAM you made your own luck ;D
I can't express how disturbingly awful/embarassing for us all this Berquam video was. Next time, ask for an intern from the first.
o WALL-E
u mean my money lol
you already know
I hate it when you ask me what i want for my birthday,because you are what i want.
specially for the fact I miss the exit to 280 and had to go across town to get to 101.
That seriously ruined my whole night.
Just watched '93 game 7 with my dad. That was INTENSE. He says it's like reliving it all over again.
OK everyone ... back to work. #Eddie ^dy
On a final note, don't judge folks by their tweets. There is more to folks than a few characters on Twitter. Writing flow, good night. :-)
oh i found it on da bus even though i looked for it on the bus 5 times
I'm watching TV now : )
Saints home game in New Orleans Sunday Sep 9th. Possible RG I NFL debut.
I'm in Milwaukee tonight. is in Milwaukee tonight. WHAT?!
omg are you fuckibg serious?! I mean I know you are but that is fucking mind boggling! How do you keep from going off?
Doing some research on #1920s... The #wardrobe, #makeup and all the charm that woman can bring to the table!!! Very
I am especially cause now I can't ay the rest of districts:(
can you follow me back? :) supporting walien (:
#ghettocrayolacolors income tax money green
Uhm I think I need to go to the hospital
Why am I sometimes the only one that has to point out that pinche elephant in the room?
No power at my grandparents house the whole half of the street is out
“ 5 year engagement she's my fav French actress Every movie that guy made Is good” #NewEmilyBluntMovie not French but prob cheesy
Brb getting a gap for Gaby
Incomplete link?
Love the pic of the family, ! Here's a great one of Liam and at
RT : CBS should be embarrassed for celebrating Chris Brown the way they have tonight.
I got sleeping problems
NICE! I knew you'd get it man! ^_^ I'm very excited for the next IC3RAZR update! ^_^
Lil' Wayne taught us, if you're ever drownin in the pussy, just swim to the butt! That's great, I kept drownin in the pussy and getting lost
naw I just changed the name
your #tweer is a good antidote to working on your 4 presentations 4 #MCN2011!
H is busy studying for the bar exam. So busy. How are you?
I wish people would talk about there personal problems off of twitter.
I didn't dislike it. I'll definitely go see it no matter what. But the trailer itself was "meh."
Happy December 1 everybody! Won't be long now til Christmas. Woohoo!
Hi simon! It's out now! April 4 was the release date.
What should I be for holloween??(:
Waking up from dreamig maxwell. ...oh my........he is the best....dc loves u....maxwell rocked a sold out verizon center dc....
Help reach 135K followers so he wins the bet againest Rob!! RETWEET!
Sounds like a good movie AMAZING- not to miss!
By the way, did I mention I tripped over Archbishop Desmond Tutu? There was a short man in the way then all of the sudden security pounced!
I am reading A Girl and Her Pig by April Bloomfield. This cookbook features some very exciting recipes. I will try one this weekend.
RT Gv LBJ props 4 working on his mid-range gm after the DAL debacle (Um I'd think he'd put in some wk 4 once after that)
LOL you're crazy!
#schoolmemories Too many to even say omfg
That's turning things around!
That Sounded Like A WAR gunfight!!!!!! #MYHOOD ... Where u at?
Yes. He is all about grassroot campaigning!
AGE DOES NOT MATTER WHEN IT COMES TO PEOPLE BEING ASSHOLES!
One of the hardest things in life is watching the person you love, love someone else.
Yes, sir! I'll have another!
traffic south on 90/94 is black. take cicero to elston to get to avoid it
yo the little ediot side score 1 goal and defend the whole game...but mi nah worry nxt week them dead..
Bitch mind yours NOISEY ASS PEOPLE
“: I wish tweeting could burn calories.” Figure that out and you'd be a millionaire
Gas should be free like air. Everybody needs it to survive in some manner.
Jawaharlal Nehru~ I have become a queer mixture of the East and the West out of place everywhere at home nowhere.
I hate boring texters.
which one is the place in benson ?
Is it..? Its only 5 thingies wide though :)x
i dont know i just made this twitter. Woof..
Staats was baptized in 1620 in Amsterdam.
Randy Breuer from the University of Minnesota.
Thing is, it happens all over. Keep your eyes open. Talk to people. That's how we found it.
The give and go from Bradley to Pierce was awesome.
meeting with today!
that is a great question
Let us respect gray hairs, especially our own. ~ J. P. Sears
thank you so much!! You are so kind!! xoxo
I just RSVP'd for the event on October 21, 2010. Wanna come? Check it out at www.ChicagoISC.com See you there!
Ok. I am up to the challenge. I will knock out my miles before 6am, uphill (half of the way). My neighborhood is not flat.
hey! When you saw The Avengers, you didn't notice Mandy, did you? She played a flapper in a red dress in some street scenes.
If Katniss and Peeta had done more than kiss in the woods, they would've received more packages. Just a thought.
It's been nice knowing you guys. See you in April. I'm not leaving the house until then.
Did you see that? Yep, #hmd10. Use it for all of your Home Movie Day 2010-related tweetery.
done followed
same in omaha NE:)
I think i am the most unhealthiest Vegetarian ever.... oh well.. (:
Except my high school didn't have a bus, it was a dry county, and there were only white kids. (what? Like you're surprised.)
it's all good in the hood :)
I wish I had more UK friends so they could gift me shit that's on their iTunes but not in the US iTunes store. Grr.
ah yes. I believe you told me that. So, how's training coming?
- To The World , Your Just Onee Person , but Too Mee , Your the WORLD ! ((; <3
T Minus 12.5 hours until #Easter services kick off at #SPC! Re-Tweet this if you'll be at our #Raleigh or #Apex campus tomorrow!
Tonight we are young.<3
RT : RT : said "Wow ur website is so beautiful" I said, it's all thanks to
Last night's songwriter night at Patsy's Cowgirl Cafe reminded me what a great town I live in!
A good team enables, a bad team disables" john Meada
Concentrate on you...relax and make moves!
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy New Year!!!
If you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
baseball project building with Olivee <3
Very interesting topic, we love
#Packers went USC again for a pass rusher in Nick Perry. He'll be jump-started to get sacks opposite fellow Trojan Clay Matthews
Actually a little chilly this morning! Just a teaser, but now I know that fall isn't that far away, hooray!
yes, goat cheese is lovely with roasted beets, too!
My grandfather was a gravedigger
S/O to to being a stranger anymore.
RT : Hey ! will be reairing wrestlemania this Saturday on NBC
Give us a call at 1-855-868-7282 and we can let you know our availability!
needs to hire me as his manager if what I just did works. Keep an eye on your music video view counter in the next few days homie.
This is bullshit. Your being a cunt because im mad? Lol bet i can play this game better than you.
hello what's poppin??
Bout to be fag week comin up at Snider High
Hopefully we'll open one near you soon! Have a great weekend!
You learn how to make those pieces aid & amplify one another w/the limited abilities they have.
lmao they kept trinna sell that shit to my mom
Goodnight you beautiful free thinking fuckers! :)
Happy Birthday to the beautiful, intellectual and sweet !
Thanks for the FF, Rejetta & Dustin! Maybe we'll get a W tomorrow! Have a great weekend!!
I guess I am pulling for the Colts, but I won't be upset if the Jets win.
this new DMX song is kinda hott!!
Where at? Or are you sure it was me? Was I with ?
you're in AZ?
I want this day to be over with. The weather is suckish :/
when the cats away ;; the mouse will play ;)
Women volunteers welcome as Peers & Mentors - upcoming PHL community service with women's recovery center. See 5/19 event on our network
Thanks to our recent followers: and !
haha tell him he is welcome :)
Charlie sheen in det FAIL haha
Good to see Kyrie in the lineup again!
#NFAIS Lee Rainie from Pew up now.
A little irony here? #FacebookIPO billions, #GlobalAg symposium Food Security Solution take the Facebook billions & put it into Global Ag
Scones but only if they're served w/clotted cream! yum! RT : Hey, foodies- muffins or scones??
Even more DOWNTOWN DINING! #FF Who R we missing?
and now I'm excited too.
HOPINN TAMMY TAKE ALL DAY TO DO HA TEST. AINT TRYNA GO IN SCIENCE...LOW KEY DOE!
This girl is one of a kind and shud b treated tht way!!
way to be killing it already!
thanks for the follow. Have a great week
Great tunes on Sirius XM U right now... DVR'ing the Cribs "Come On Be a No-one" Killer f'ing song, now on repeat in my mind's ears! ")
Did someone say SOUP?
plays today! They play at 3:05pm on Main Stage 1!
Thanks. There are some great resources on Charlottesville history I'd like to use for to encourage more research
#NickMaraTo90K that would be pretty awesome don't ya think?
It's not about #winning, but feeling #ADDYinspired and shouting #SayAmenADDY for all to hear. Ok, #winning is also good.
#ThingsOnMyMind people are jerks.
- thanks for the #FF, man!
RT : Call me old fashioned, but I actually take relationships seriously.
Thanks! The space needle's top is now painted orange in honor of its original color (50th Anniversary)
Awful. The weather blows a donkeys ass.
What!! What!!! Unbelievable play by Graham!!! This game is ridiculous!!
10 Things I Hate About You....well thats not a very nice trend now is it???
wer are u baby? :)
ode to acupuncturists // they quietly battle illness / with wisdom ancient intricate subdued / they will the Qi / and it follows
Mine's pretty good w no butt RT : "My life is very sad because I have no butt."
i got everyone in house up man do you know what its like to be up this early with a 3yr old he told me to wake him up to c u
so it's you that #Google should be celebrating for showing that G+ may actually have some brand value?
My brother said he gotta twitter ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Calia called to stand and sworn in.
will $12.45 cover it? That's all I've got.
Tomorrow is my last day of high school
did they get it on?
night babe ;D
#work mode
1 person should go follow my friend he's hilarious!
I'm starting to learn some programming myself right now. Could you use a second set of eyes to help figure it out?
M&A Tip of the Day-When having a valuation done, pay up front, this way the value is not subject to the amount of money you paid for it...
i"m need you to retype that
Self doubt comes from a lack of trust.
Enter for your chance to win great prizes every week by liking us on Facebook and entering our Weekly Giveaway!
I prayed about it and it's still heavy on my heart. Time to take further action.
who saw prwtty little liars season finale ant wait for season 3
arrested development is genius.
"But we had the sentence of death in ourselves, that we should not trust in ourselves, but in God which raiseth the dead.
Magazines.com CIO Jeff Fields to discuss strategic role of technology in business
. tickets purchased. can. not. wait.
Never too late!
speak for yourself.
thank you.
All birdies in the yard are pets, lol! They think they are wild, tho. Clown fish are pretty. You picked a nice avatar :)
You were watching the wrong bassoonists, then
wooohooo time to go and start following people!! whoever has followed me tell your friends to follow me to thanks! luv u all
I reblogged it! Haha omg I wonder who? :o maybe matt he's irrelevant. and she has to pick both and be w them forever and ever
I Don't Tell These Hoes Nothing, Not Even The Weather Outside.
YOU PASSED!! A plus!!
wondering if we zoomed past Jan already!
About to get it in at My Studio with & !
We can't wait to see you!
Boy band lyrics are the best.
dude im loving it
Goin down to to play some sweet tunes today. Come on out @ 5:30 for a great day show!
You are very welcome - enjoy!
In the Olympic SuperStore
disproportionate to the amount of time devoted to specific artistic endeavors or interventions into museum galleries/operas.
Not sure about going to the salon for a #spraytan? We do mobile visits! We’ll bring that golden glow to you! ;)
We owe the banks? Seriously?
needs something to do tomorrow. dont want to be bored all day!
Just another goofy day :)
u welcome
i find it comforting that their algorithm sucks. it thinks im male 35-44. and i look at pregnancy/mom sites regularly now.
haha nah you claimed Kerr already !
Bitch who's shoes u got on yo brothers #DuckFeet havin ass bitch
nice, I need more patients. Gotta get on Weed Maps
I keep catching myself grinding my teeth. What's that supposed to mean?
"Sandstorm" just came on at the pool. Sadly, no one burst into dance.
that's right. & in creating free breakfast prgrm BPP gave us a model of self-determined social justice...
We are playing some shows in California coming up in early March with some really rad bands. Who's coming out to kick it?!?
Q3) class I was in today used "understanding pipe" as metaphor for agenda. Tied all the collaborative activities together.
I hear you singing, but are you really saying something? Nothing is more powerful than lyrics that say something.
#IfKobeAintBetterThanLebron , then Michael Jordan was the poster child for cornrows.
Billy Crystal tweeted: “Am doing the Oscars so the young woman in the pharmacy will stop asking my name when I pick up my prescriptions."
Thanks for the mention and I am following you now
See everyone next week!
Woo hoo! Got my Gwendolyn Brooks poetry stamps! Mailing myself a card today :-)
I know. That seems to be the consensus. I am on with a bunch of others and we are trying to keep each other awake.
tickets on sale now! secure your spot today!
I am excited to process my taxes this year. You taught us a lot!! Thanks- I am excited to show my mom all of the features-
TGIF! Grab a gelato w/ me right now at and claim the FINAL Golden Ticket! Codeword: Mixed Berry
RT : Another Lesson from Rudolph: labels, limitations & name-calling doesn't have to define your purpose & future!
“: #STFU about the fight... #fuck” seriously!
They say the best pleasure, it comes with pain. <3
RT : RT : brand erosion works 3 ways: employer, employee, CUSTOMER
I feel like at the end of this, we'll all just be dubious.
Getting ready to set off to Ithaca NY for 2 weeks to work on a short film " Crosses"
That awkward moment when everyone's really tan...
Jordan Farmer? RT : Guess who would have made that 3 ptr…
Light travels faster than sound. This is reason some people appear bright until they speak.
THAT FACE. NO. LMAO
Ha! stayed up late on the east coast waiting for the Broncos draft pick and now they've traded completely out of the first round!
you know what ;)
Will u unblock me?
Thank you ! You work a beautiful sautée station! cc
great driving into you today!! Let's chat soon... I have a photo shoot coming up next thurs the 12th. For my line
Love me or hate me either way you thinking about
Awesome jockey intros; just like the Sunday Night Football player intros
RT Do u have a sibling that u love to annoy?
i know you feel this way, but do i feel the same?
love you
~ Ladies , the only thing you should blow it's his mind !
Off to Cali!
Talking about shit
If I found moths sexy, then maybe.
There are 9 players between UNC and Kentucky supposed to go first round this year
that looks so perfect. it is now all I can think of and must make soon (it has been a few months).
I know this is a huge question, but I need to teach my 9th graders how to research and have no idea where to start! Help #sschat?
Ah I know!
yeah well Syracuse got about 4 charges called blocks on Wisconsin Thursday so it all evens out
Have you ever received a lighting fixture as a gift? What was it and where did you put it?
- absolutely love the Herzog remake. Thoughts?
“: I will never understand why some girls try to be ghetto” I don't know why anyone would want to be ghetto.
getting in to work early is glorious
Wish I was there! --> “: S/O had me at my first #UFC fight last night..2 turnt up”
READING MY MIND
Lol congrats btw :) : jeez where does one find an organizer for an insane amount of jewelry...my disaster drawer is not cutt ...
Finally lit the furnace today after some days of rain and 40-degree temps. The low in the house: 54F. I don't think would've liked!
cute blog!!!!
Thanks! Always great when you include my articles.
Classic symbolism of what's to come: The lights flickering. Lol.
The Shirt Off is next. My money is on Charles.
my boyfriend knows how to make me feel better <3
Depends on what you can get. He really ain't all that...good power bat but has some glaring holes in swing.
Will you follow me so I can send you a private msg?
Shane Dawson is Beautiful <3
Follow her. She follows back
Ready to start another day of fundraising for the Humane Society, fingers crossed!
Ask Sen. Taylor why she voted yes for WI Concealed Carry law. Thanks!
Love me some
I sing fast I know all my shit's cool. I will blast and I didn't go to brit school. Xx
Have u messed up & offended a friend? Swallow your pride & apologize & make things right...The best way 2 get the last word is 2 apologize
feels like you've been there way longer then 3 years! Wow!
Anyone following NHL hockey? As per usual, I'm addicted to my hockey!
help me out here!! Do you know? ;)
Someone should really text me
I'll have to hear about what you caught today. Bummed about leaving early.
has come to the conclusion she likes being "un-perfect"
wait so uh we didn't even find out who the real A is? ugh.
RT #Sagittarius know how to break rules to get attention. But they're also creative and can inspire others.
O Even Worse.!!
haha oh yeeah! Then I was in your class :) that's pretty cool ha.
Haha me too!
strategies to fail. But we don't see that. Quite the opposite. What's going on?
Mr.Dehn is telling us his dreams. LOL
Hi , was wondering if you'd like to chat about the situation in Egypt with Washington Post readers. DM me for more info.
um well haven't you got stuff in the mail? you mainly need to refill out the application
“ Happy Mothers Day amazing mamas. Love to you all””
It's less stylish and Ghanian American RT : just isn't the same with the table unoccupied
BOOM PANDA
Make sure you follow and search the internet for his work he is a class act you will love him just like i do . Thanks
Wishes he has a doorman so he doesn't have to rush to pick up a package at the post Office
Driving through Miami in a downpour, just watched a Miami Dade policeman cross three lanes of traffic with no turn signal. How is that safe?
we need to buy our mud party tix .. RT “: At the airport makin moves to Columbus. Can't wait to get back to ohio”
That seems somewhat racist, but every bit true.
yeah, we havent played OH in about a year. what part are you in?
is awesome
a little is more than none, I always end up with a sore butt :|
I'm late for everything. Fuck
as do I - be true to yourself - if others are offended, it's their problem, not yours! ;)
#nccetl Are we ensuring students are effective users & producers of ideas & information? Smackdown to follow!!
Charlie did NOT make any alleged "anti-semetic" remarks. Why is that card always played? Fire Tim-Warner Inc.'s Board of Directors and CEO
follow me so i can dm you! Thnx for the response!
bravo johnny nan fredu a...lol who's gone mad now?lool
I wish that everyone with a name that starts with k would die.. I also wish that a few ppl with a name starting with c would die
There are seven billion people out there. Don't let one ruin your day.
After ripping Jeff Suppan across a variety of mediums yesterday, he Blanked the #Brewers in 5 innings. Im eating my Words and accept blame
i dont me getting my dm. lets talk thru here, how you know though ?
another solid night JJ keep going hard
I had no idea, thanks for the tip
wow! If I ever come across that ill be sure to share
oh Jen! It's a good movie obviously not exactly like the book. But it's good!(:
I just used the word "SICK," meaning "awesome," unironically for the first time in my life. Because seriously, what I'm looking at is SICK.
Thanks to all of our new followers!
OK, I totally get the reason people have separate twitter accounts for professional and personal stuff. Sorry, non-librarian friends!
Buy wonderful fashion gloves from LaCrasia Gloves proudly made in NYC - USA
You needed Shazam or is this a test? Lol RT : I just used #Shazam to discover Suspicious Minds by Elvis Presley.
In Hampton Roads, VA coaching all weekend with a booked schedule. Visit FB page for updated schedule. We may be coaching in a city near you!
What is this shit
For her new album?
The best job goes to the person who can get it done without passing the buck or coming back with excuses. - Napoleon Hill
if we can get away with it I'm in. I'm not cut out for jail. "Where's the vaN?! The van was supposed to be here"
Minister Pandor: "negative impact of social value on individuals increases challenge in fostering participatory citizenship."
Oh who knows, I was flip-flopping back and forth once a day (Mike, twice) -- but I am thrilled with my decision!
I'm fuckin with that bars song big folks
I was planning to go to sleep early. But I'm wide awake. & listening to music.
headed to bourbon st
We really enjoyed the Empowered Woman Success Summit! We were so inspired afterwards! Thanks for bringing such a great event to
is poppin' for a Tuesday night. Families, tourists, & locals alike. across the street looks forlorn by comparison.
I'm holding an open house on Tuesday April 5th / 11am - 2pm: Oxy Lofts 4547 N. Eagle Rock Blvd (between Corliss and Avenue 45) A Must See!
Took a nap now I feel like poop! :/ counter productive don't ya think??
What is on your Christmas list?
James just said my eyes look like brownies. True sign of a fat ass!!!
official meeting of the long valley track club elite squad
fat kid stoner treats are the best treats
"make your legs shake I'll make ya go crazy" damn
Wow. If and did a duet, that would be pretty intense. They are the two best singers I know of. Amazing.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant. Robert Louis Stevenson
. You dropped a few bowls, but made up for it with a big finish. Nice job!
Then no football tomorrow
90210, the show's international once a century day 9/02/10
Anyone else try to set there dvrs to record#PaulyDProject and it doesn't go that far in advance
I'm only one voice in a million but you ain't taking that from me
An inspiring quote that was posted at my yoga studio: "Enough words have been exchanged; Now at last let me see some deeds!" -Goethe
"From the errors of others, a wise man corrects his own."
And so it was told about storybook romancing & engaging Industry Moguls, Businesses, global Communities in "Real-Time".
Strangely enough, I only know a few facts about him. Hmm. Guess I better read something!
It was the curse on the diamond that sunk the Titanic you know :-)
We're going to double overtime... Midnight Mayhem! Grab some coffee!
you girls are nuts! Deff need to see you girls kill it at a show soon.
Why downgrade to the White House?
- yeah...I did't DESERVE it but at that point in my life, I wasn't exactly non-confrontational. I would never seek to hurt sum1
“: Man when I was younger I thought I was doing big thangs driving the lawn mower around lol”
RT: "Michael Jackson had magic feet" - sister Lolo.
Remembering the King of Rock-n-Roll today!
lol RT “: How many hobos do you think Mitt Romney's sons have mutilated? More than 20 right?”
I only want the tickets if they come with 2 TD's from you, too.
I should go to bed... nah..
oh Oscar I'm gunna get u some for your birthday
Huge fight between me and over some STUPID boy!
RT : if you only end a question with multiple question marks when you are in a state of distress, thank you. || what do you mean???
My street's block party tonight. Met a woman 68 years in same house (she's 89) & a 25yr-old Ukranian emigree here just a fortnight.
“If you only do what you know you can do- you never do very much.” Tom Krause
Honored to meet at 4 her funny (of course :), moving TICKLED PINK:how she became the rockstar she is. Loved it.
thanks for the invite to vanessa's ):
Talked to my daddy for a good bit!! Going to spend a day with him before graduation!!! :)) <3
Props to the tightrope guy
Niggas fake, Hoes fake, Stay strapped for YO sake.
These candidate intros make the debate seem more like a beauty pageant
Why are the kappas so fine!!!
The smaller an organization, the less it can afford for its people to be role-based without overlap in responsibility.
have any other pics you want to showcase on our site... We are in testing phase now..:)
Are you a fairly new company and strapped for cash? Consider factoring your accounts receivable!
Most of the time, we see ourselves as rocks, but God sees the diamond in us; that spark.
at the #Cubs game with my coworkers :)
I'm Not Spoiled. I'm Blessed , && I'm Thankful For What I've Got. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
the verve made me a little emotional on the car ride in this morning. im ready for the weekend. for sure.
It's frustrating when you build up emotions related to a time of year. I hate that.
Yeeaaaaaaah! RT: Let's go O's Hon!!!
awe, thanks so much
I hacked your computer mwuahahaa
right on lol but chilling brow you?
cannot get enough !!!!
I wish followed me c:
if you got it you got it. I hate to say it but I had that person wrapped around my ringer. Feeding me and everything.
Haha, I'l spare the Poly-City trash talk.
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it
No problem! We're still doing everything we can to push that order along for you. :_)
To all who say One Direction is 5 Justin Biebers, please shutup! There all different! Your just jealous that your not any 1D or Jb! :)
Yep. And they both hate English kings.
Besek: should LAMs get a better deal than for profit orgs? Or does this give LAMs "significant competitive advantage"
Tragic! RT : I won't get to see Naked Eric in season 4. Not cool.
Californication makes us miss LA!! Sigh!
Great idea! On it...
Thanks 4 the follow! I'm from NoCal, too! Live in Austin now. Miss the Sequoias, Muir Woods and Mill Valley!
The network operates by sending email LatinoAmericanos
5 Ways to Survive the Worst Days
We're leaving in a few min. See u there
No I don't hate my brain now I hate my body I thought I deserved boobs AND shoulders but apparently neither NOOORE!!!!!!!
Symphonie is so pretty..I may not understand the german but it's a new favorite song for sure :)
the new batman movie looks awesome
we have trench power now on both sides. Only good things come from this type of luxary
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 89
Hell thy name is Wegman's
lol so random... or maybe you read my diary?
Gingrich calls Obama the most radical leftist president in history. He also calls himself a historian. Hahahahaha.
The Smoking Room is sold as an ebook too. Thanks for reading my tweets!
not to be rude but who is this lol
Day 1 recap: more refresher trng info needed for new(er) instructors, CPI website still an untapped resource for some.
Thanks for retweeting our article via ! Glad you liked it. How does your co. use unified comm?
TUMBLR IS FOR TUMBLR!!!!!STOP SHARING ON TWITTER
Eric Schwartz credits Fay Kanin, NFPB chair, for originating the term "orphan works" in 1994
ooh lucky bag.. !
My new religion is Daoism.
Vicodin yum yum yum!!!!
If love makes people crazy than I must be insane.
Anything becomes interesting if you look at it long enough - Gustave Flaubert.
Tonight's Episode of #BGC8 was Really Good !!!! why didn't they have the new girl on Sooner -_-
Any booktalk suggestions for World Cup 2010?
stranger I miss u buster
Yes they are very active and want peace too!
should sell coffee!
At the natty boh keg tapping at brewers art
Put down deposit on amazing apartment, & about to see my girl kill it in #StickFly only seats away from Chris Rock.
Splurged on dinner. Terrible service, so-so food. Doesn't happen often in this town. Too bad it had to tonight. G'night.
The person who gets the farthest is generally the one who is willing to do and dare.The sure-thing boat never gets far from shore-D Carnegie
what games did you get? And was #starwars kinect as cool as it sounds?
haha I got mans hands ;P
I'm not a player I just crush a lot
Heat V Thunder. Finals. Heat take it in 6 or 7. BET.
Now watching
RealEstateN8 is on vacation!!
I love Dan Bard. He kicks ass, and has adorable ears.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 352
Most women never experienced an orgasm
Also note that MyVidster case (Flava Works v. Gunter (great name!)) used the wrong preliminary injunction standard at the dist court level.
Ugh...my laptop monitor is so frustrating. I can't get it calibrated right. Anyone have any tips?
keep looking and maybe youll find me... message me
The great thing about a new day is that it's a fresh opportunity to do things differently than you have before. Take advantage.
. and both recommend tonight's show at You should listen to their advice.
The caffeind is enjoying a particularly sunny day. "The future's so bright, I gotta wear shades." ;=)
I love you more than a fat kid loves cake <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
follow me back hoe!
Looks like Moshin Charania finally binked a big (live) one for the Chicago boys! WTG MOSH!!
HUGE EPIPHANY TODAY! WHAT IF I TAUGHT ENGLISH THE WAY I TEACH DRAMA? BLOG UPDATE COMING
Thanks so much for helping out!
Is that what's going on? I rode by on my bike & saw it was deadlocked. Just hug the lake... then hug your fella - in that order!
So I kinda miss you and your one word/sometimes two answers ;) Thought you should know.
Vitamin D: nutrients from the sky.
isn't linkedin already sort of like that?
Braun for a third time!
you can do that? ...really?
It is dangerous to hunt animals because many hunters get shot by other hunters. Some hunters shoot anything that moves.
Off to Burning Man.....see you on the other side!! No tweeting out there.
aww.. Thank you for the shout out. <3
if by evidence, u mean u expected rays to have best record going in to May but knew we had no chance come May 6, then ur prescient
'The most massive characters are seared with scars'.
Good morning / Not for everyone / OK for myself / So say so / God morning for myself / How selfish! / But you yourself said ... [fade]
as far as I know It's normal
Go in a lil corner n cry u bitch
Just dropped my car off to get fixed
Welcome to the Twitterverse
Congratulations Nick Desaulniers! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
#SignsYouLostAFight the other person didn't even notice you were having an argument
Throwing up constantly <
Gatekeeper Healing - Gatekeeper Healing is a Reiki Practice located in Denver, Colorado; founded in 2000 by Rheana Jackson. Reiki...
crackin this week in NYC? I'm in there like swim wear
It's a thin line between French Toast and hate
“: Just landed on the Isle of Lewis in Scotland" Have fun T!
I can't wait until Saturday, hopefully my man comes with us.
Great move, Bruce Weber to K-State!
Hey #aamemp we are at brit's pub
BUT ACTUALLY I FELL IN LOVE WITH A FIGMENT OF MY IMAGINATION HELP
There is only one perfect child in the world and every mother has it.
No way! What seems to be the problem with it? Maybe I can help. We love our Apple Products here. :)
No let's try this airport thing again
OKAY YOU KNOW HOW YOU SAY BLOODY MARY IN THE MIRORR RIGHT BUT IN A DARK ROOM
do you accept news tips via twitter?
I know what you mean. I look ridiculous in stripes. RT : Spots > Stripes
You look good even when you're ordering food.
I just smile and be modest.
#BackInElementarySchool touching a girl butt was like you entering ManHood
Make your #Saturday special & come have a #cocktail & enjoy the views from the
Greenpeace protesters plead guilty in protest at Skyland plant - Asheville Citizen-Times
Yes, tons! haha Going very slow thanks to #facebook #pinterest #blog #twitter and 3 lively kids!
Good luck!
That's how I used to feel about the #Orioles. Now they can't lose. Except tonight. Tonight doesn't count.
RT Getting ready 4 press conf. Though UN letter was to Johnson, he is one of our best supporters. Takes majority.
jerky? I'm game
#GreatMoveThatWillNeverHappen Obama drops Biden for Hillary in reelection bid. Insert one of many great reasons here ______
can't find the mommie podcast!!!!!!! Ex #DEATHSQUAD ER ..... Need help!!!!!
1 of most interesting quotes about tonight was from former reporter Gerry LaFollette, who covered Lugar in the 60s.
Anyone know what the snow situation is between Ithaca & Baltimore? Driving down tomorrow in the Metadatamobile! BTW, no snow here!
Good luck happens when preparedness meets opportunity.
3. Shutting the doors and vents of unused rooms can also lighten the load of your air conditioning unit.
Right at 800 people for our Somebody luncheon yesterday. Coach Manny Diaz was fun & inspiring and our kids performances rocked! Thx to all!
Done writing the film! Woohoo! Casting is almost complete. Should start filming in July.
Thank You Kind Sir
YES 5EVER ITS LONGER THAN 4EVER
The only 3 things a guy should wanna change about a woman is your last name, your address & your view on men
33 world, the origins of signs and cars » Cristal - Social Network
shut up dumb ass.,
Neurons+in+Bird+Brains+Encode+Earth%27s+Magnetic+Field%2C+Giving+Pigeons+Reliable+Internal+GPS
RACK CITY BITCH RACK RACK CITY BITCH
Yes the people want to know. Webinar oversubscribed for update on NYState Health Insurance Exchange. h/t
322: I'm grateful for slow, steady progress on a big, unpleasant job.
Thx for a GREAT season
i have not as of yet
“: There are over 500 different types of bananas.” beware.
I'm here now! Moved from San Francisco to get into the career I want. Are you from LA?
Taco truck at 7th & Maryland: Best food in DC.
Finally got a new phone! Whaddup twitter?
my friends just dont like mb period.. and thats not true! im 15 & i know plenty other 14/15 even 16 year olds going!
it's time for fresh air and cocktails. Smiles and sweet dreams for you tonight! Xoxo
Hey there, this vid was posted by mistake; the launch of the campaign isn't until Friday. Would you mind terribly taking down?
People just need to be quiet sometimes
im Devynne Janay Garza, sorry i dont suck dick. go somewhere with all that !
I need friends seriously I'm so bored with hanging out with all the boys...
yeah I'm switching
I love both of you too <3
#nfb #teamarmy get at me cutie
I wonder this frequently. Very few kids I know with the script seem to truly need it. In my opinion.
Folding laundry is the worst! haha
no did she tell u to
You are a "quick thinker"
RT We'll know for sure when Gemologist blows past him on Sunday! :-) Love our South FL horses!
I rly wanna grow my hair out but the summers get harsh
make sure u got clothes on before u go to the kitchen... Or close your shades if u no want attention
What I don't like about SNF, had to travel. I like one building. And RUGS
"Friendship is like a violin; the music may stop now and then, but the strings will last forever."
Happy birthday! :)
To add insult to injury, West Virginia deferred so they will get the ball at the beginning of the second half.
Strangers can turn into bestfriends, and bestfriends can turn into strangers...
ice water. aloe if you have it, or neosporin. not butter, no matter what an old world grandma tells you.
Senate Approps underway. 's commutation notification bill is up 2day. Approval in Approps sends AB 648 to a Senate floor vote.
Mentally exhausted
one month to go
Your Jedi mind tricks won't work on me!
btw I was able to grab today's image this evening from my phone.
Listening to stories, nothing is funnier
You know what's fun?Eating half a container of strawberry ice cream.=)
Well, the wardrobe is consistent anyway. :D
A #serious relationship would be nice.
can't believe its still light out
Going through the pictures from Sip + Swap this weekend, so many great ones. I'll be doing a recap post this week to share them all!
I hate when my phone accidentally calls someone...
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>15
Metro's own Morris Hintzman - CEO, honored as the Community Hero w/Lightning's Jeff Vinik and Teddy Purcell. Nice work all...
Follow Va's hottest movement
If you ignore me, fuck you.
Twitter Whats poppin, hope things are going good on your end, #each1Teach1 #BigUps2TheYouth!
I don't know WHAT MAKES YOU BEAUTIFUL?!
Lol cause I don't got your #
This is a night when I want to paint the world blue...
Great, things are back to normal now...major relief!
Nada mucho man. Just working away on an EARLY monday morning...
Used for first time. Fantastic car. $3 more to the airport than a cab and driver knew great Japanese fast-food spot to pee!
for us by us FUBU im about to be laced head to toe
I'll see what I can do. Send your resume over.
Almost time to go home....Thank goodness! Oh and tomorrow is Friday!
“: ": I believe I can fly... #Wowzers that brought back some memeries"- talkin bout the #Spurs right. Lol” hahaha
and I created some havoc last night
You know there opening day! Could be good place 2 start book club meetings...or just gettin through the work week!
so he's on board in a election year, huh?
Great pre-production meeting The Wailing!! Today in NYC
Glad to hear that is ok in Norway!
monday morning blues!
We love your logo, looks great! :-)
suree follow, follow back:)
If my birthday was on Mothers Day. I'd want everyone to give more attention to my mom. Cause she's to legit to quit, yo.
2- this is gonna be long so prepare yourself. Here we go, the day we first talked I remember I would always smile cuz I thought you were (c)
Y'all have hit over 4,000 votes. (:
#thatawkwardmoment when the first girl shows up to a party full of dudes
Dedication: CHARLOTTE HEARN, Love for ever.
Thanks for your help today with the Steve & Mason Kelley interview! You Rock!
E-Man blog thou lmao!!! So true
FREE YG DR32AMS !!! it's been a minute since i got a letter frm my big cuhz !!! love you bro nd c you SOON
remember when sox fans hated a team who spent lots of $$ and bragged about rings? Get out of bmore you hypocrite bandwagoner
Ima take a Shot of Henny just cause its cold !
Due to popular demand and "lazy members" this game can be played completely from home
Losing my id in the last week of school >>>>>>>>>
lol it's okay pooh , but I'm leaving on the 5th , touching down the 6th
me too mane! Now I'm in a position to do so much more. Heard the KEED mixtape #welldone holla at me RO!
"I ordered a dirty chai and I didn't get my shot of espresso. Thanks for the steamed milk, biddy." -Girl in Social Theory class
when did you become my mother?
Loviiiinnnn' my hair today, thanks to (:
I commented that page is similar to GLAADs, but note that page needs fleshing out--History? something?
Make friends with that Bill Gates kid.
Oh, there you are. Good morning, Twitter.
oh shhhh!!! I already practiced that shittt haha BEAT YOU
Thanks for following Absolutely Chicago Segway Tours!
Driving Through the Streets Of SOUTH CENTRAL LA <3
I know my step brother owns a crossfit gym in anchorage haha
You said the same thing to me 10 years ago!
I'm trying to understand this cray cray shit..... Lol.. Miss ya
On my way to class. Traffic. Obviously, not many people are off today. Are there any holidays that we still hold sacred in this country?
as a HS teacher who feels the same way, I think about preparing them for a longer scope, life.
SUCH a beautiful DAY!
Welcome to all new followers! We look forward to connecting with you.
Shaka Smart! Joey Rodriguez! #RAMS #VCU,
Oh! Love me some Mr. Thornton. Makes my heart flutter.
Our cold wet spring is officially behind us! Glad you're enjoying the PNW.
we're going to get them tonight!
From the looks of it, maybe Phil Mickelson should be the next Head and Shoulders
S/o to J Roc -- bday party was live #Top Shelf Tuesdays at Justins -- new spot!! Major G.A.U.G.E. said that !
Sherry Darling! Valster
like always ..
Random texts make my day. <U+E414>
Everyone follow our newest sports writer !
2000. I just went ABD at UT-Arlington, so I hope it'll be another 2-3 and then I'll be done.
mix it with lemon juice, green tea
About to hit up the #poker tables at before work. Let's see what happens!
I like mexican martinis :) hint hint...
People Sending Me Tweets & DM's Saying ''HappyMothersDay'' That's So Sweet :') Thank You <333
all our quotes are running through my head!! "muffin" "you walk up that hill"(after derby day) ASDA SCONES!!!!!LOVE YOU!
The #Packers are putting on a great show for me. I'm so glad I am seeing this in person!
RT : See you girls in 8 days!!< its a party, its a party, its a partaaaayyy!
thanks! Back at ya!
Waiting for bisbee to show up, I want go to bed honestly
The breakfast burritos at the taqueria are delicious too.
shush, lol.. i barely know how to use it.
so did u do the minecraft giveaway yet
Thought Defiance was ok to good, the mini-doc extra was underwhelming considering the great topic. Was looking forward to it.
you need a nap after those grits
Call me
#Texas hasn't been this embarrassed since
will you ever follow us?!
If anyone has a good source of Nat X info send it over. An important story in Black American history you won't find in your school textbook.
It's still January and I'm already sick.
Easiest trip to the dmv eeeeeevvverrrrr
S/O My New Follower BlackShadeMafia
have fun in Vegas... Safe trip.
Is there anything substantive about sophistication, or is it entirely performative, pretense, affectation, stance?
: :Yes, I will be there!
We are the children of our landscape; it dictates behavior and even thought in the measure to which we are responsive to it...
My friend dared me to use a highlighter all Day. Aha.
what section? Kiss cam couple.
wishing you were here to dance with me!
We got a show at Marilyn's on K with Sarx and The ILLusionists on 10/04/11. Hope to see you out there
Actually not bad...He is doing TV this coming season!
“: Willie Nelson doing Coldplay on Chipotle commercial > Coldplay.” co-sign
I can't get I'm twitter without seeing philosophizers lol. And that is my philosophy statement of the day.
Knicks seem to be doing the same song & dance the Heat did a few months back. Need to have fun? It's a process. We aren't worried.
is portland looking at adding a Rip Hamilton or another wing player?
I've got to check out this "Walking Dead" show. Seems to get a ton of praise.
HEY THERE
i swear is MEAN AF! :/
Ok so I need all you people w/ season 2 discs of "Downton Abbey" to send them back to ASAP. There is a very long wait!!
The 0-tweet followers are most likely bots. I would suggest ignore. :)
Ms Jgray is top notch people...get wit her if u really wanna shine....my stamp is on her big time babe!!!!
#HeadingHome cant wait to sleep.... :/
RT : I really like what www.sevacall.com is doing!
Tim Wakefield announces his retirement today ending his 19-year career at age 45 with 200 wins
Just going to read and eat delicious snacks.
Writing about masculine ideals in the lyrics of Cindy Walker and Lyle Lovett right now. Feeling good about, too.
Was that you in 2006 in Oak Cottage at Hedgebrook? I loved discovering your journal entry there.
I have no idea, did she answer that?(:
Man, this Kid Rock record is disappointing.
I started w/a small county/district hoping that would make a difference
Thank you for at least admitting that you had no idea what Castro has done to his people. It's a wake up call for all of us.
That would be amazing! Thank you so much! <3
just wrapped an amazing and challenging week on set: an unheated house, a lot of sticky blood, projectile vomit, and loads of Mac n' Cheese!
Hope you choke on that delicious Donut your about to eat.
What's your favorite dessert for the holidays?
Happy birthday Wickett! Make it a great day... Let's toast to a bloody soon!
I like your banner and if I were in need of a banner and had the scratch, I'd hire you to make me a banner.
Gotta get some sleep....
im bout to get me a new dj
Tweet pic time! ................ Fooled u motha fuckas. I can't c me! I'm a ghost! Rachahahahahahha I can fly! And c u panties jar jar rats
Roses are red. Violets are blue. And so are your balls if you're lucky enough to be married on Valentines Day.
where was u on Halloween before pie hole??
spending the afternoon at the Performing Arts Library, one of my favorite places ever.
Today's explorers migrate to the cities that are most likely to maximize innovation and entrepreneurial talents and skill
Session with my coach. "I am committed to make you successful." ppl who have background in sports can be great leaders and coaches
I forgot i had money in my shirt :D.
(: hope u guys have fun on tour. Oh and good luck!
We're down for some maintenance, we'll be up shortly!
" #cloud may be hot in silicon valley but still a little scary in Washington DC … privacy and security issues
with no opportunities for outside...um...contributions?
RT : CA Small Claims Special: Prepare, File , and Serve- $99! Call 855-PROCESS today!
Speaking of, while I was disappointed that you were not in Dayton, I was even more disheartened when Cornette walked by me..
Happy birthday <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> miss you girl! Need to see ya soon :)
ppl keep calling me ugly
Always happy to hear a singer is healthy!! :-)
I gotta go see the Avengers people are goin crazy sayin it's great.
Guggenheim Baseball Management: Sit in Field, and we'll bring you #Dodgers games in 3-D.
better- ill buy you a drink.
Jury selection lasted one hour... seriously. Struck 3 jurors who a) had previous litigation and b) who had an emotional chip on shoulder.
oh congrats on the winning:) you guys deserve it you all were awesome when you played at Maceys
I don't normally do these kinds of things on Twitter but this is really important...[cont]
I Cried When I got my one direction tickets!!!!
RT---> RT ": Never give up on something you really want. It's difficult to wait, but more difficult to regret."
Bored =(.... where is everyone.?
Can't wait to hear the verdict on Embers
On Donna Summer RT we had the same tailor in SoCal. She was such a lovely, unpretentious, down-to-earth lady.
either hit back or we putting the gloves on kid!
Mike Singletary and Tom Cable are BUMS
We've learned the trees outside our office can be very flexible when they need to be.
Discovering #goldengirls is back on late night tv = a happy new year indeed.
"uh I noticed this is my presentation, not yours...sucks to suck"hahaha
He needs to grow up and be an adult. He's become a billionaire. He can handle adulthood.
I'll be your favorite hello and hardest goodbye.
Somewhere between laughing for no reason, making fun of each other, and calling each other names... I kinda fell for you.
from the Jersey Shore house in Seaside Heights. So if they left last week how was it live? Ya know what I mean?
Am I really about to face my fear and go ice skating?... *dun dun dun*
Everything about you is perfect.! Don't ever doubt that.!
Happy #FF Thanks for following!
definitely interested, please keep in touch on it
Met with the staff about some half way to Halloween goings on later this month. Never too early to start the count down !
we think it's pretty darn good!
oo idk depending on wa da weather b like by den
I smell like a taco lupe.
This is because the foot tends to swell a bit around this time
Love doesn't find you, You need to struggle through tough obstacles to try to find love at first sight <3
Couldn't hear in church over 's stomach..
bring the old armadillo for street cred but you must buy a new one to get in. Funds go to SCC scholarship :)
At the studio
There have been a serious amount of tweets within the last 24 hrs to play Yoü and I.......I guess we'll have to play it sometime soon then!!
umm what happened to that call? smh
Great play Bo
I'm probably an asshole. But I think im nice about it
I see I changed ur profile pic.
Once I get the physical stuff out of the way it always seems like I have more calmness and better self-esteem
happy sweetest day
Leaving Boise now. Back to Olympia for a couple more days then to San Diego.
I'll try lol RT " you can be silly here too. ;-) lol"
That retweet was an example of trying too hard.
was that a lil over the top ... cause i was gonna go with a girl's B-ball vs special olympics comment
How are you treating your cough? I sure hope you heal quickly. I get that too often & it's NO fun!!
No way. That was RT : Won an electoral vote in Nebraska.
Can we monetize this conversation?
Belgians were interested in African culture, and were proud of the progress they brought. No idea what Africans thought
Hello on my way to Houston for a model call at Torrid in the Galleria mall.
1st training for 2 miles- this Sun 9/11. Bike path in front of @ 7am! For 411- hit up
oh that is too bad! We will catch you at the next
Who is entering our cover contest? Don't be shy!
Maybe Kean should play dead on the pitch so the angry fans will leave him alone like a wild animal.
You too, man.
I can help with that
George Romero? Martin Scorsese? Someone who gets the art of suffering.
Last week I posted Reason #8 - leaders fail to apprecitate power of fear. See my blog for a short article on this.
How is the acting scene in Los Angeles? Plenty of auditions to go around or sorely lacking?
Just got back from work, waiting on my brother to call so I can pick him up... Ready for bed!
I've been up all night, coffee right now. feeling iggghttt.
Thank you to all of those that helped out on Saturday. Daily Grill raised over $2,500 for Alex's Lemonade Stand Foundation.
just know that they not getting a ring this year.
Long week of work is over. Relaxing at home with two dogs in lap. Tomorrow is poker day. I feel lucky.
that would be if I ate the bugs for a snack
So I'm starting this cleanse. And I realize how much time I spend planning/preparing/thinking about eating.
You know im here :)
of course! luv my fans.
Today's talkback is on Women in the 70s. Stick around after the matinee!
Welcome back, Mentos
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why I get motivated every day.
good luck to all ppl taking their exams gettin capstone projects n presentations and also ppl who are graduating n preparin to graduate s/o
Sounds like fun!
I will be doing my Fluffy Follows later in the day, in the meantime I am just going to admire myself. Having am Fine Fluffy Moment
I respect #NewYorksFinest like most NYers. But I admit to #schadenfreude overhearing a cop complain about getting an offduty parking ticket.
Hello and thank you to our new friends and
The clip to my mp3 player broke.. somebody get some superglue stat! We've been through so much together.. hold-on!
- hey, thanks for the RT. missed you in austin :)
Holy moly the panel is packed. I want him to do a couple of fist pounds. "Blood alone moves the hands of time."
I hoped you would smile when you watched it! Good luck at Daytona!
have once again failed to adequately plan for a trip to NYC
This woman's make-up line is making it hard for me to eat.
What it look like Cool?
just wanta go
Hi gang wishing you a great week ahead look forward to our meeting
some1 yelld 'annie' (I think they meant jonatha brooke's song) and shawn joked about plying 4 ppl that don't know hermusic.
for a soccer tourny!
home from school!!!:D
We just got some new *Trainwreck*
Did u get my tweet asking u about Finances 4 our Compton Based Hood Movie that we want 2 help PRODUCE?
Hoes will do anything for a scooby snack.
I apologize for that tweet to my beautiful black women ahaha
Jealous! What an amazing place.
19x #NBD RT Running the table at beer pong.
what's funny are the one's who are bragging about some expensive thing in one tweet and begging a celebrity in the next
"There are two ways of exerting one's strength: one is pushing down, the other is pulling up." Booker T. Washington
I'm pretty sure I'm too professional for twitter now.
Up late working on a project for Listening to a selection of songs by
Can you combine it with a charcuterie?
Great news today with Wat & Zeller. But did Etherington just lose his scholarship for next year because they are coming back?
RT : I'm very happy to resign with the #Cardinals and I look forward to helping us win the NFC West and return to the Super Bowl
Acta may have pushed Masterson by sending him back out at 91 pitches.
Hi there, neighbor! Great to see you here, too!
- Set up my page today because of this quick tip guide! Thanks to both!
Good morning! House and Black&Tan brewed this morning. Also is here using us as her office for the moment!
your upcoming Miami gig:-)
Is it me that you're speaking of?
most excellent! Actually, I'm encouraged by the latest polling numbers out of Wisconsin.
Thanks to the massive unnamed video game company, for one of the most fab gigs a girl could have, that I can tell you nothing about. Yet. :)
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 23
Austin Carter Mahone belongs to me and true fans <3
Portland makes working third shift in the ER worth it #dedication -J
Now that we can do anything, what should we do?
hello love wus good with you sorry so late on the reply i dont really use twitter to much
i did call to see how the party went, you didn't answer. Send pictures to Aja phone and call whenever you know I'm here
thanks for the travel wishes! We had a beautiful trip :)
Terrific water conservation piece on from
your not in the workplace all you do is see from the camera and expect us to perform like an Amy and have no fun what so ever
Pulled hamstring dancing is like dancing on stilts
The eagles have flown the coop so check out this Safari Cam live from the African Bush. www.africansafaricam.com
That's me too, and I'm only on the first page.
: Plz nick follow me I love u it would make me the happiest girl ever !!!!!!!!!
He's number 6.
Gettin there to the champ center gyeah
Today is the furniture/display sale. 11am!! We have some great things at great prices!!
what I think max is better than zac max is funnier and more better looking than zac to me zac is hawt but max better
Poopin' in 's house is becoming a damn tradition.
Must be working hard??
thanks for the love. Peace. Music
two pages down! eight to go :( HATE finals.
Good morning Phoenix. Hope every1 has a twitterific day. Did I mention our new prices at the 15th Ave&Thomas location?Come chk us out
Gina, Don't hold back tell us how you really feel? LOL
follow for awesome quotes, a DM to and and a SHOUTOUT+FOLLOW BACK(:
harsh. I was just a few minutes late!!
I've seen like three or four girls wearing leopard print leggings today...
thankyou your so sweet!
Are you a #Spurs Fan? Join our NEW social network for Spurs Fans to earn points & cool prizes! #GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com/signup
There should be a radio station that just plays music, nothing else!
": Nothing like blowing out a rim on the belt parkway in Flatbush bk and waiting 2 hours for a tow truck"ask tha brothas for help
Cody Follow me!! Please!! I'm your fan #1 I've seen all ur videos!! I wanna be just like u a porn star baby
What up KC
We just totally Rick Rolled the bar....best night evah!
I can't wait until this thursday :)
Gracious substitute on res. 11
Watch asap...a doc about our education system. When we result to lotteries for education, we are giving up.
no ones going to get KBBQ with me :(
really?! omg, thats great :) ! and what city you are coming in poland? <U+2665>
sad face.
Sometime in june I think.
There have been over 175 alleged #Anonymous members/affiliates busted to date.
My mum wouldn't.
We need #followers. Don't be afraid to follow us!!
“: Happy valentines day gorgeous! <3” Happy Valentines Day! <3
Plenty of grown TCU folks too!!!! The Game has the WORST acting...I would rather eat laxitives than watch the game
Hilarious. :P
haha ik! It's not all my fault tho... My phones sucks and doesn't let me see what I sent.
That's awesome, and the husband is shopping at ToysRUs right this second for our gaybie's bio bro/sister.
Don't know how many I followed but um hope it was you! If not just ask :)
bull you just try to out do me don't you?
If loving you is wrong, i dont want to be right.
You'll never shake us, Look for signs like 'I Am Puerto Rico' everywhere, to remember where you came from!!
RT “ I dont need to prove myself to NONE!”
Helping my boys bake a cake for Mother's Day. Egg shells are safe to eat if cooked thoroughly, right?
FF# Funny and/or informative
I was asking you
wish we coulda stayed! but soccer game was calling, the pregame (literally) at Woodys did us alright tho, we tied 4-4 Ha
“: I'd love to talk to you about building a brand ambassador campaign to spread the word about the new show! Thanks, will email
Have a taste of a classic McDonald's original Egg McMuffin and enjoy the simple things in life!
its my birthday!!
If a girl replies 'k', you did something to piss her off.
Damn never thought I would feel this way so fast!!!
we'll try to make it out soon man!
I am hiring a “ghost” writer to tweet for me for the rest of October
I can not even begin to count the number of Asian vaginas I have had to jazz up with hoisin sauce.
Class over and now getting something to eat than more gym time !
don't leave until we hang out!!!!
why not kicked y'all ass 2 nights in a row
Without that little voice in your head you wouldnt be able to read this.
Celebrate our GRAND RE-OPENING! All treatments only $50 this week (excluding eyelash fills & Permanent makeup) 425 643-5772
Nice! RT : I see smoked salmon & pink champagne in my future
I will mention you in EVERY tweet now!
Listening to Livingston Storm by lotus while it's storming. Very magical <U+263A>
Not gonna overdo it by pulling an all-nighter. A good night's sleep is more important for test-taking than last-minute cramming. #science!
“: Happy Mother's Day to the number one person in my life. Love you ” :)
nm music you?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BFF <21
you knew that! Text me!
Well imma head to bed bcuzz is buggin me know ..... Noite :D
What does it take for a person to be truly, unconditionally happy?
Can't #RogerClemens be punished by being forced to pitch for this year's #RedSox?
Pictures when you get home from school!!!
. Worth the trip!
Todd. Dude. Play this:
i am so glad the spurs lost ...:-)
I'm thinking the HR feature will go off this inning ...
That's just not healthy! Think before you drink. RT : Dinner? I drink all the carbs I need.
A fabulous restaurant in London? Fun to imagine. But we're an art center in Albuquerque, New Mexico :)
Akon sexy chick
Angi Strickland: Truth is... Never trust a person with just one Facebook pic!
R.I.P. Nate Dogg - your music is timeless and we thank you for continually blessing us with incredible music ... you will be missed
Ugh @ everything. But at least it's sunny out!
please release unused user names? Thx.
Really shouldn't eat right before bed, but there's no way I'm falling asleep w/a growling stomach.
thank so much , bummer it was great to see you guys tonight. My daughter loves chatting with you all.
MAYBE you will!! help us out and retweet to help us gain followers!!
I would be more worried if you DIDN'T follow back! #Chuckislikehoneybadgerhedontgiveas***
cannot achieve."
The original pokemon gameboy fire red game is most definitely the best than the new crap
I see lol
#pmasetest. I like how engineering is moving from silos to a systems approach. Very cool that GATech is addressing this trend.
Sounds like you've done a lot of work to develop your tone. Would love to pick your brain!
if you find yourself in need of any Nonsense Literature resources to point to, I've got 'em
Guys help me bestfriend get 200 followers :) please it would mean a lot <3
No, I'm pretty sure he said "Thanks Tiffany". Now, if he said "Stephanie" and I heard "Tiffany", then I gots me some issues.
This cloud in my room should numb the pain till I awake
oh and wearing cupcake pjs
We are looking to get Bella a LH Chihuahua sister! Know anyone with pups near Nashville?
I hate firedrills .
step into the world of success is where im going from this day forth,, all thats supposed to be will start being from this day ..
wife swap reruns >
Cus He Didnt Miss Any Games. Of Course His Stats Were Better
Worst commute home ever in history. d #gladtobealive !
He was bein dead": He was playin right? RT : Chris carter tried to tell me 2 chainz is better that kanye -__-"
“: I'm pretty sure Boy Meets World taught me everything I needed to know about growing up #CoryandTopangaforever”
has a truckload of pallets ready to become... chairs, swing, shelves, new raised beds, compost addition... Oh, the possibilities!
Thank you to the hardworking men and women of the NCPD for your presentation this morning on the subject of "Active Shooters"
#BreakingDawn tonight!! My fiancé is getting some major points for going with me!
lol shit I always had a thing about being right wit my suspicions lol.. looks like I still am
Baby squirrels got swag!!! So excited for our new !
I can't want for easter tommorow!!(:
haha i know <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
Arguing about Literature with He is winning.
why not just put out coupons on FB? silly bc what you build online is really a media property
Just had the best conversation about Law & Order. I love that my friends are also degenerates.
hey MJ, any word if Willis will pick The Big Blue?? Go Cats!!
The journey begins tomorrow--do you have your tickets? www.nymf.org/thetoymaker
I Love My Smile #TeamBeautifulSmile !
Always be an innovator!
If NyQuil had a face I'd slap it! I'm up and more sick than before I took it smh
SPECIAL GUEST THIS WEEKEND AT COCO !!!! HOLLA AT YOUR BOY !!!
dont think i'm doing it bro
You can be my it girl!
Rob Stein's full quote: "The allure of flashy technology is short-lived... Don't EVER build something that you can't re-use." Amen!
cinnamon toast CRUNCH.
So I am at Nobu pop up at Hotel St. About to intro and Robert Plant steals my mic
cool, is it gonna be similar to a parody video? Lol sry I'm out so can't go on the tinychat
Fina watch scareface cuz im bored..:) i never really saw this movie.
time for some new ones
It's primary election day. Be sure to vote.
Listening party for my cd, Big release show at 3rd and Lindsley on April 24th. Paul Thorn tour in May. More writing..
i hope so girl!! this was a trainwreck of stupid and mean people.
Follow :D
RT : #440 Everyone wants the truth, but no one wants to be honest.
I feel ya on this, girl!
Varying the direct mail offer can boost response rates and orders enormously.
if #Jeter signs with #Orioles, Marcy tells me we can get an 81 game plan...
That's so awesome!
oh God , please don't ..my virgin mind cant take it .
In order to pull me down you first gotta get on my level lames kill me
he'll be out of ur life in a month
it seems like your throttling me. Why is my 3G so slow?
Who is going to the show on Saturday?! We are so stoked to play with all the bands! :D
I'm no beauty queen I'm just beautiful me.
#techraking Driving down to MV soon. If you need a ride, LMK
the Carousel of Tomorrow....the creepy Seaver Christmas part lol....pizza for Christmas lol
what's up??
The people I meet on twitter are so much cooler than the people I actually know lol.
Join the YA Book Club this Thursday in the Commons from 7-8, while we talk with Fitchburg PL's Brittany Gitzlaff!
Yes! Peyton Manning is a Bronco!
Isn't the German word for "Nats", "Nazi"?
Congratulations Mr. Matheny!!! Welcome back to St. Louis!
Waking up from the best dream in your life
It needs to be followed up by "Thanks. I stuffed it myself."
Well. I realize that everything I'm trying to do now is a waste of time. Really wish it wasn't!
Check us out on the news tonight! Supporter leads the charge at 10 on Kong, 11 on
We love local. HoS supports the local economy by partnering with local growers (herbs/food stuffs) & artisans (home/bath products).
in the middle of the ocean rite now we go somewhere on the 2nd
"Got a text from Sidney last night... He's excited and ready to Rep the 12th!" I can't wait to see the show!! Go Hawks!
My head hurt so bad not in a good mood its all good
RT All I do all day is diet and exercise. No time for anything else!
A charge on a fast break? Really?!
Sorry for the delay but like you said...gangbusters. The last 5 days have been absolutely insane! No complaints here
happy u r enjoying it. I just whipped up my morning smoothie myself
Please follow back. Don't want to loose you!
I love ur music and am a full dedicated directioner <3 I hope to make it to a concert :)... Can you follow or Retweet this :)
Dell acquires SonicWall today! Big news!
Haha, love it. Good luck!
It's that time of week again! Our Sherman Oaks Farmers Market has just begun!
NEVER call a girl ugly, even if you're just joking.
so joking :D hope you're doing well!
Today we remember my moms boo n our Legend Bob Marley...
just pretend to talk on phone nobody will mess with you except the ghosts :-) lol
aw Charo, Romeo and Flossy! You DO care :))) xoxo
Love can change a person the way a parent can change a baby- awkwardly, and often with a great deal of mess.
this is how rumors get started!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Thats the kind of sexist thought I would expect from a guy who likes his Filipina cam models.
classes are canceled, that's what I meant to say. blame it on snow madness.
I was gonna say that too!!!! But didn't want to be mean.
Thank you! Would love to see that exploded plane mobile. Is it in a gallery space at UIC Arch with public hours?
A thrilling showdown of WWE: SmackDown is scheduled tonight at the Tucson Arena, AZ. Call us for some remaining tickets: 888-493-0004
My dogs look so much like wolves when they have there hackles up.
Jeans: right leg, left leg, wiggle, jump, DONE!
gonna be an interesting week
Did you know that Minelab honors a 15% Active & Veteran Military Discount thru our dealers if you show your Military ID card?
*insert sexual innuendo about prom
you're like the only nice guys cor
thank you!!! It has indeed!
Sandberg being interviewed for Cardinals manager job
Here comes triple h to start raw
from Me
Wicked Wednesday's Up Elevated Lounge. Best lunch in the downtown area! Happy hour drink specials! DJ Hump&DJ Mike T. spinning 9-close.
On my way to a very important audition. A booking will be a fantastic birthday gift for my mommy today. I'm grateful to do what I love!
Hang around crazy people long enough, and they start to make sense. Hang around idiots, and you become one.
who's excited for tonights Kings game?!?
#cil11 So far nothing terribly innovative and no data on how effective NIST's approaches have been. Wish I had gone to the data viz session
You should follow .She hangs out with all my favorite B-list actors and TV judges.
Thx for tweeting mtg, letting me know I didn't need to rush there after work.
Music video and z
Paramount Closed today, no ballroom dance classes tonite. Open Jam is Fri Feb 4!
Jamie Lee Curtis!?
Lighting fools up in BF3 TDM! Loving the game but Operation Metro should be renamed Operation Spawn Camp :)
Have a good night, Rachel. Here's an early #FF for ya too. :-)
Thanks for RT Sharon.
I'm still gonna write books one day... #ThatWoodsArapper & #WeAllPhilosophersThereIsNoTruth is gonna be ready max by 2015...
Is it rude that I told my roommate to not fall asleep on the couch cause he has mono? It is my couch
My legs hurt wtf
He isn't hanging out with me. That's what's wrong.
I love putting on a winter coat for the 1st time and finding your favorite gloves you thought you'd lost...and a grocery list from February.
I see you
if KSHB is looking, I've got an old left shoe that does better sports commentary each night than Jack Harry...
Well this bottle of ciroc isnt going to drink itself 2 shots down who knows how much more
Get up. Love is moving you now.
good my friend Laura wants to know how old r u??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
we should do something epic when ur guys are here! i dunno what but it needs to be epic!
Your timeline is cool.
seriously though, p-no was on a serious role today.
Jerm, Gustavo and John are tattooing, come get inked at good old Laughing Buddha!
love to help you get hard!!
I have a problem w/dudes who are half naked in their profile pics on social media...not everyone wants to see that,especially myself..no no
If you find there are a lot of obstacles in your life
First thursday , it's stokesberry hot wings! Ill have them ready at 3pm. if you are new, they are free if you mention this tweet!
I would rather have a sister than a brother :P
Glad you found it as interesting as we did! Thanks for the retweet
Cool idea, thanks for sharing... I may try that...
My brightness always on extra low.
No friends at work :( come here!!
Oh shit I gotta go to sleep ! Ya me regañarón -> wake me up !
oh yeah... jef is your guy. hands down
Thanks Cadace, and you also
He didn't mention anything new to me.
I wish I was a little bit taller,i wish I was a baller,i wish I had a girl who looked good I wuld call er*
Beanie just did a classic Michael Jackson moonwalk on stage. Nice!
I bet when rayray got on twitter he followed twilight first lmao.. Prodigy followed chrisbrown Lol
I don't know when the Windows registry became an issue on OS X, but I feel I should apologize sincerely to Macphiles everywhere.
NOT what Jesus would Do.
I can't see her tweets either
wish you very happy diwali. all of my freinds,,,,,,
Okay THANK GOD!!!!
y'all are welcome to our place for an impromptu Derby party right now if you feel like a Julep
Good cause last night you was trippppinnnnn
i love Meryl but I wish Viola Davis could have won
Thanks for all your support!
Shawty got potential
Forget this best of the west & east ish! There is simply the best and #SportingKC is that...the Fing Best!
Enjoy this sunny Easter weekend, see you all back in the FIDI on Monday.
Restart date for nuclear plant #SanOnofre remains uncertain. How much will this cost Southern California Edison ratepayers?
Heard the Pumps got dropped from Adidas....
Larkin is def a HOF'r. The man changed the ss position, offensively. Can't argue 5 tools.
aaaahh congrats Allison! That's amazing!
Can't figure out why zotero isn't working. Shouldn't be any different if I login at work or home, right?Says there is nothing in my library.
I wish it was summer so I can be happy And Go crazy
enjoyed being interviewed by ...great questions ! thx tyler malone !
if u thnk im gud looking follow me
thanks! I'll check it out...
What a grand day today but I am beeattttt. Tomorrow my sister signs her life away to Illinois...guess I'll start the crying now.
I feel guilty for not watching any games tonight lol ...but I still feel salty for losing that Celtics bet
anyone else love the shaytards?
Please bring back the Momogoose to the Greenway!!
Thanks, dude. We should make t-shirts to celebrate!
Have to get into something or somebody tonight!!!!!!!!!
Depends on the goals- if the goal is only awareness or increase in knowledge-yes? If engagement, perhaps yes or no
It should be noted that I just bought the Royal Wedding on DVD.
I think im more excited about the fact I finally get too shave rather than im done with school
ya think
Real or fake
glad I'm not in the majority of dumb boys haha
So in ColdFusion, there are tags, but there are also functions...and objects? How does any of this mesh together?
stay with the people on twitter ! we love yall so dont worry about people in school!
# Follow Friday resume
My performance today <<
do you get nervous when you act? post "yes" here if you want tips on combating your nerves! and share your stories!
Break in penalty phase for Sophia Downing, victim delayed but expected to testify this afternoon. Will the judge decide a sentence?
Hey! A kid after my own heart! :D
Futbol beat down of Biblical proportions this am at ManU
"Being a gentleman doesn't make you a pussy , It gets you pussy ;)" oh & is that why you never get girls?
what phn u looking for? I got people at the best buy mobile stores.
book studio time NOOOOOOWWWWW!!!!
Awesome Lead Web App Developer FT role in Houston, TX. Now's your chance to show how well you can lead a team. RT
a brief set at the stage at Clive Bar
After today's metro trips, I love your marketing strategy!
Watching Love Jones remembering when intellect and unity in the Black community meant something
Cause I can't stand to see you treated bad.
hello! how am i able to purchase your products?
TWO likes left until we hit a 1000 likes! Share this with your friends and lets get over this threshold tonight!
Bench Player Sports' State of the Union. www.benchplayersports.com
Yes, please. RT : More 30 for 30? Yes please...
loved you tonight, Maks. And I'm glad you'll never change, because you're wonderful just the way you are =)
if you love someone put their name in a circle not a heart because a heart can break but a circle goes on forever <3
We're giving away a pair of passes to the all-day Regal Marvel Movie Event in 20 minutes. See 5 Marvel movies including The Avengers 3D!
Man nothin bout to get back in the lab my dude.
#NW myth busters
Press play. Apply filters. Engage beat repeat. Win a Grammy.
Engage your kids in imagination & fun with storytelling and learning today from 9:30-10:15 for FREE at the Balloon Museum.
Say YES! to your full potential....Ok! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes!
Poof to non-followers, I follow .. you follow..luv ya
#NYT: GOP transportation bill "has unraveled like a cheap sweater, with conservatives and liberals pulling equally hard on its threads."
RT : In life, what are you after?: A shot at the title or a seat by the band?
The Spring menu is out at all 6 locations!! Have you tried any new items? If not OMG French Toast MUST be on the list to try.
awesome. I just bought the first pack. Will buy more for sure.
just helped H to submit a caption for the New Yorker caption contest.
Top Alcohol Dragster driver Brandon Lewis has announced the signing of TigerFlow Systems as the team’s primary sponsor for the 2009 season
this customer is a total bia. -_-
Lol it was! “ that sound too good!”
Thanks for caring about life!
Bumble bee lady of Hull, Jean, is 90 today! Happy birthday!
Dear Ladies, don't ever let a guy make you feel ugly because no matter what, you're beautiful with or without him...
Never snake yo Friend >
I was just a victim of eye rape.. Smh
Super duper congrats.
Seriously when I get older I'm gonna be a fat ass because of how much I eat...
I'm addicted to Aero!!!
cat babies are better than real babies.
lol but the goal is to make her jealous
we heard a shooting in pittsburgh last night. cops were running like crazy towards it we were so close to it.
Proud of my little girl for standing up to the bully at her daycare center, but told her we don't say mean things or hit in return, we go
Boehner bill needs 5 votes to pass with 5 minutes left. This is almost as exciting as watching a game of Keno.
Can't believe I have to listen to Chris Collinsworth all night..
I also forgot about
My line in the sand is getting the publication wrong. "This would be great for Politico" is a bad way to pitch The Hill.
I hate spending that kind of cash on something that doesn't do anything cool.
Honey pots are your friends...
i wish could talk about the nfl without getting a
agreed we've been planning around this for a while. just nothing specific to announce now
Happy Valentine's Day to all my followers! Have a great day.
by the way, thank you SO MUCH for the wonderful gifts! :)
Thanks so much for the RT. Love what they're doing with the Clock Shadow concept.
I am kind of scared of the AP World Exam...
#yellowcardisback. and I am beyond stoked.
I'm at work chillin
The standard for behavior change is once a week meetings...yes? no?
odd future is NOT coming to Saint Louis!
So far, haven't seen any roofs torn off buildings, but there's massive flooding.
My thoughts exactly
In other shocking news the sky is still blue and the grass is still green.
No I'm not OK I'll never be OK
We're almost to the last day of classes then finals then Commencement 2012!
Decosta: Only had 3 guys left on top 150 draft board. Called it a funny draft. Normally have 25 guys left that they can contact after draft
Current MS. PAC MAN HI SCORE is 106,930. Folks, there is a $20 gift certificate at stake here. Beat the score by the end of April to win!
You are the most beautiful girl EVER. Words can't describe. The way you feel about Eminem is the way I feel for you<3
Thank you Jerome Tilgman tomorrow Wed. On BORDER
party for mama d's birthday :o)
Off to Dennys!
I'm at a strange follower/following ratio, so if i don't follow you back right away, don't get upset...I'll catch up!
I like to imagine that, somewhere in Narnia, a teenage fox is listening to Crass records and telling his parents that Aslan doesn't exist.
Sorry to hear that. It would have been nice to meet you there in ND.
Guess ill watch this other game til the crew gets back
Thx for the RT, Joan for Cute new profile shot of you.
I was gone for a min, but I'm back now!!!!!! If u don't know, u BETTA ask somebody.... #TEAMDEONTE is the next big thang poppin!!!! Eyeahhh
ur phone is here at our crib. Tom will be home in a bit
That's awesome! #GoKnicks!
Furious...just furious
You never know with this team, but Lakers *should* be fine. Inside beats jumpers every time, especially at home.
PLEEAASEE GO ON TWIT CAM.!
So 20 years from now, can we look for an exposé in Vanity Fair about this doomed relationship written by David Maraniss?
& i was crosstown
Billy Wilder~ Hindsight is always twenty-twenty.
"A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him." ~David Brinkley
Getting back on-line. Between Twitter and Vista, I've been 'hosed' for a week! So now I'm trying Windows 7 . So far, so good...
Listening to Blanche Wiesen Cook on Eleanor Roosevelt and politics today
Keep tweets short so others can RT easily
I woke up this morning to a huge picture of U eating something small and "green?" which means I fell asleep laughing about it
Always looking so far past me.
yeah, i like you. alot. no, i'm not going to tell you.
when do you think you'll hear back from Guinness on if Ray broke the record? He has to be exhausted this morning!!
I'll try to be clear. She linked to a page that had an art/photo.By pressing & holding to enlarge, I got what I sent you..":
Favorite day! Rangers are playing and all of my friends are coming over to party for the best holiday woohoo!!
Fuck Love not Lust.
Brian has given Robbie his hoodie and has been rehired. He has agreed to be put into vocational rehab for his behavior . :P
America's debt is a menace because the rich are told that it is okay to make their club an exclusive one by selfish/unpatriotic politicians!
#youknowyoughetto when u borrow a cup of sugar from ur neighbor to finish makin KoolAid
hipsters near me at larchmont: "i miss silverlake! when are we going back?" ... sigh
#RyanAndDayyonLivestream shout out to jessica from chicago!!! :)
The sun.
"If we had no winter, the spring would not be so pleasant; if we did not sometimes taste of adversity, prosperity would not be so welcome."
Doctors think maybe I need to eat food without gluten. That means no dark beer! FUCK!
#3 followers away from getting to #500 followers!!!
You are welcome. I have become enthralled with your characters and plots.
Julius Caesar, Henry II and Napoleon all had a fear of cats (ailurophobia), and would nearly faint in the presence of a cat.
I'm sure she will get a record deal tho
Wow thought had all of that one, looked so good.
everytime i get closeto talking to someone new i end up thinking about him and wondering what could be. one of the million reasons im single
Best Pavement album.
": back seat of the whip? " wit back seata lol
We tend to think that when life brings us pain; something is wrong and when life brings us joy; something is about to go wrong. Life just is
Phone test
#FalseAdvertisingatUniversalStudios #BluRayDvdandDigitalCopy but u open the product & it's limited time to download it.
Gta taste for some chicken n broccoli w' white rice
We could be talking showers, graduations, baptisms, 2nd marriages... We'll never see him again.
when do gates open at MillerPark today? #brewers is it 2 hours or 90 minutes?
RT "What are ducks if not flood-proof chickens?" - Chickens can't float?
4HRs tonight against Mighty Tom. I take over
Nights like tonight, where I walk away from a show with my cheeks sore from smiling so much, are kind of my fav! Thanks ! <3
if i ever met Austin or Justin imma be like " waddup nigga" at least ill try to if i don't faint .
Has it got religious tones?
is confused...
I hope you are right!
People with diabetes need to diligently manage it. Diabetes can be a major cause of eye problems if it isn't kept in check.
Doing some research for an article I'm writing........Best name in the NFL has to be #Packers WR Shaky Smithson.
Developmentally Appropriate Skills | Skillastics
I still prefer my P90X or Insanity.
awesome! I used to ride it to and from work sometimes lol!
so true... they become the front like the ho media social ha haha lol... where can ever find an ASIAN blonde chick?
Shout out to Michelle T. who I had a GREAT chat with this a.m. She is awesome!
"The fellow who thinks he knows it all is especially annoying to those of us who do." Harold Coffin
Instgram I will follow back, mzviciouz
can't open the screen door.....
Drop everything now.. Meet me in the pouring rain. Kiss me on the sidewalk, take away the pain.<3
I'm good bro just tryna get back on my feet.
Agree. JJ has to stay healthy and HRam has to have a 2009-type year. If so, all will be well.
Upcoming filming locations #TwitterMovie Seattle - Los Angeles - Las Vegas - Salt Lake City Watch for announcements www.rileysfortune.com
I'm glad I don't know how to post as #cildc Oh wait, did I just share a secret?
Hahaha RT : Praying for World Peace has a whole new meaning now... smh
The 100 Days are '33. SS passed in '35. 2nd term was court-packing & misguided, austerity-induced '37 "Roosevelt recession."
My ulcer can't take games like that...
34 u need beef dlinemen- ur DT needs to have a ton of strength and good bsh 43 u want speed rush DEs
you're welcome billy! We love your mom! <3 she's like ours(:
the animal! Lol
Happy Monday! Have a positive day!
I wonder where all my fucks to give went. I can't seem to find them, maybe i'll never find them. Oh well thooo!
I love the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles but that shirt is most definitely not baller.
can't wait for Billboard Music Awards!!! =) Only 1 hr left! Good luck and I support you all the way #TrueFan <3
Ditto. RT Wishing #wdytya was on here right now. Sounds good from all the tweets.
More rec'd to follow
that's for damn sure lol
what show are you going to?
It was more of a playful smack. And who can blame him for being upset? I would be mad too if a complete stranger tried to kiss me like that!
I know. Well there is one at end of June.. Vet outreach tourn @ midvale..Try and get a 4 together.
RT : Absurdism is next is Concerning by DJ Clark
My mind is a mess
it's a Verizon MiFi 4G.
Carrie Fisher has a new Rachelle Briton coat!! So excited!!
...did you use to be AlexsSwag?(:
thanks for the tweet! :) (ps - I'm the dev behind CC)
Mike Posner's advice on & hosting the YDS..."Be persistent" ;)
sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, but a tweet about is cigar may be a cry for help.
Well, maybe impotent wasn't exactly the right word, but it was pretty close.
#BetterHalftimeShows MIKE JONES! Who? MIKE JONES!
That wasn't hail that was with a bat to that mailbox
Oh, right, last year didn't happen. Regression. Career ERA = Brewers ERA. Also, ERA sucks.
I need a new local college team to obsess over now that my fave coach in the Bay is leaving USF. St. Mary's? Stanford? Davis?
wait didnt ozzy do that back in the day?????
you so dumb, i got to go cause my dad took my phone and my brothers are feenin to go on the computer! ttyl :) <3 Bray :P
I'll kiss your scars, I'll make everything better.
My new name is Nathanimal. Grr baby
That 2Pac hologram was cool/creepy/weird/unexpected.
First game of the night: Story. Rapid-fire, multi-person storytelling action. Winner gets 10 pts and possession of first half.
You always know how to put me in a bad mood
Kennicott: We’re becoming a hybridic society. In 15-20yrs, are #culturalmuseums going to be adaptable enough to carry that identity forward?
that's awesome, but I just don't function correctly that early :))) shit I would need lots of coffee.
Sounds good. I'm enjoying your channel and helping spread the word.
you finna be wide awake like a m'fuckin crack head lol
I bet he will
o brother where art thou!(:
you have my number nigga, lol .
1 point delayed part of my life but I ain't trippin at all
Just one more week until episode 2 of Super Duper is released.
a run, a couple of trips to the beach and a pony ride for Blue balanced things out. :)
a case with an angle really is indispensable for ipad typing
Thursday, March 15: Europa League round of 16, 2nd leg, 1.00pm Athletic Bilbao v Manchester United 3.05pm Manchester City v Sporting Lisbon
Well look who's dying now
Omaha steaks came early for Father's Day! Can't wait to fire up the grill!!!
I know you want to put me on!!!
;-) I concur. RT : Trying Greek low fat strawberry yogurt(from Ingles) for 1st time. Verdict? YUM! Cc:
you should start thinking about how your gonna keep your 2011-2012 NBA Championship ring safe! #fearthedeer!!!!
In other news I spotted a Pileated Woodpecker this morning wailing away on the bark of a tall oak. Simply beautiful.
It's a great time to be alive! You can take the good old days if that's what u like, but give me today for sure!
"Engagement marketing makes ur #smallbiz visible in a seamless manner" @#ebiznow Philadelphia event
I'm watching Kick-Ass this movie violent ass hell. Lmao
Haha yea,sweet kid. Thanks:)
And 3, 2, 1....down pour. I've never seen times sq empty so fast. Run little tourists!
Agent News from Pub Lunch: Danielle Chiotti, formerly a senior editor at Kensington, has joined Firebrand Literary along with Stacia Decker
"I'll take a Benedict Arnold" - Meant to say Arnold Palmer
lol I saw that early and that is exactly what I thought!
no judgment. Can you imagine what that would look like if I tried it?!
oh Justin what u do to us! ;)
that's weird
Liking Syracuse in the second half
Well it's gonna be even sicker, cause I'm coming.
Drew did you see tweet on Lee?
Still in awe of last nights performance. I left an even bigger fan than what I came...What an amazing, amazing musician.
“: workouts are fun! :P lol”// it's not even noon put the pipe down!!
happy new year <3
wow! Why can't we do it in America?
Got my card reader, and *still* haven't set it up. Really need to do that this week.
It will be limited seating 11-2 as we work to perfect it, so if you'd like to get in just Direct Message us tweeps!
yes please!
Judge Allows Sony to Unmask Anybody Who Visited GeoHot Site. www.tncnews.com
OC reunion show?... I think so! Best show ever made!!
Road trippin with my two favorite allies...let's go get lost right here in the USA...these smilin eyes r just a mirror for the sun :) - rhcp
Body heat is a mofo. Forgot how hot you can get being laid up.
omg love howard shore. i know some of you dont know him but search up his score for hugo....... NOW. do it. you know you want to.
As much as I love photography, I'm having fun playing hairdresser. I'll Instagram pix in the morning. :)
Watching Ghost.
just woke up, might aswell go back to sleep !
It's Bizarro Day in the NFL. Pakcers Lose to the Chiefs. Indianapolis beats Tennessee.
AND the RADAR NYC event benefits our amazing FREE Writer's Retreat!
i want too but thats hella expensive lol but part of me wants to splurge cause how often do i get to see pro-bball players?
William lookin a little drowsy!
I'm thinking about my friends today. It's going to be great. Make it happen!
Beautiful sunny day, clean shiny car, sunroof open, blasting Childish Gambino. Can't wait for his concert next month
I need a designated driver..... Any volunteers? #imabouttogetwasted!
Yea boss im in the video.. but that's not my music.. although im distributing it i just recorded it
And then we even got to hang out at dinner! Yay! RT : Just ran into in the hotel lobby. how exciting is that!
happy belated to u too Meiss! Sorry I got so hyped up I used the N word like 60 times just now on the phone with you. ;)
LOL I should have known it was when you said 'terrible book'! Lucky you - there are 4 of them to horrify! :)
#Ghettocrayoncolors Oreo black and white
Hey bro! Yeah man I'm doing good. I miss being on the road with you guys!
The secret of getting ahead is getting started.-- Mark Twain
hi. you're the goddess of all goddesses. x o.
On the plus side, about half of these ebooks are already in the catalog, I just need to figure out which half.
As with every game. RT A Louisville-Kentucky game really would be a no-win situation for Cal. He has to win that game...
Friendship isn't about whom you've know the longest. It's about who came and never left your side.
Daniel Bryan & Lord Tensai get the jobber entrances? LOL.
"The joy & self-satisfaction you get from putting in all your efforts make every journey a success." --D. Fox,Olympic gld mdlist swimmer '95
welcome!! Hope you enjoy it :) we always do it!
how did the touch Up Go on ur tatt?
oh I see. Well I'll let you know when I can swing by :) I think we're long over due for a sleepover n catching up
Was a very good time - tell you more soon
"Ain't no shame in my game I'll do it wit my tongue" YG
The Ramiro & Pebbles show hasnt been funny since I was in 6th grade...Im a junior in college now
October/Atlanta, Yes.
I'm sorry bro. I'll stop having fun.
#LeapDay - today women propose to men! Irish legend says man who refuses a woman's proposal must apologize by buying her 12 pairs of gloves!
did i read correctly a few days back about a #ku watch? any specifics? needa jump on that.
Aw damn me too :( it'll be fun for you though! When I'm in Cali we'll still be only a state away lol
Do you have a Wikipedia page? I like the YouTube vids but I have no idea what the context is or who you are! Ha
Today: Did laundry. Had a nice brunch with Did holiday shopping online. Going out for pizza. Awesome day!
done with being alone.
Aaayyyeee lol RT : dark skin pretty face,coke bottle waist
Can you feel this magic in the air<3
Jus found out my homie is locked up ova his bby momma and her drama....
Yes please! :)
May the Fourth be with you!
RT “What does the resignation of OPD Chief Anthony Batts mean for Oakland?" True leaders can't be micromanaged
I hate when ppl hit u up just bcuz they c u in ur TL like u wasn't been thinking abt hittin me up
Thank you everyone for attending this past weekend's MTTS lecture featuring Ron Wilcox! The podcast will be available in the upcoming week!
What does everyone think of the current season of ? What do you like and don't like? What would you change? @ reply comments
hey meron can you do it today?
Aww... SUPER THANKS!
I LOVE THAT GREEN!!!
Waking up before your alarm <<<<<<
She even sings it in the shower smh
I'll go on the record now - no way Eli Manning is a better SNL host than Peyton.
yes it would. It WILL happen soon. Bro you and mcdonalds haha
excuse me while I cry
Success is never easy
Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me
hahahahahahahha whatever,steven!!!! text me! lolz
Hey wake up
Vegas trip in August = booked!
We falcon fans
thank you :P
looking hot on the catwalk...
Same! There's the reason it's called the dreadmill! I know it should be easier but for me it's not!
that's what I'm saying bro...
OK, throwing stuff in a bag again after a night in the San Antonio apartment. Austin all weekend.
The reason I cant follow now is cuz this phone is so SLOW... Oh My Grande xx
Thanks for listening! Love that Coolidge quote :-)
What's the weather like where u at?
Thank you!
Over and out.
If you gots pictures from gramercy throw them up here!
is a loser!
I love Nicholas Jonas <3
Crap it's 3AM. 0_o. *beauty sleep*
I know, right? I always seem to find this movie...
I'm starting to think this whole online dating thing is a garde to seperate me from my money every time I go out on a date.
hey gurl follow back
shoutout to and and and go follow us nice tweets auto follow bck
Timeline full of talk about Carmelo and Easter
votes are 4 to 0 in favor of maintaining affirmative action in Brazilian universities (so far)!
great to see a dad doing app reviews! Keep it up :)
Jeff Van Gundy and Chris Collinsworth should commentate on #WNBA games so we never have to hear their commentary again
Goodnite twitter God bless!!
Watching the replay of the national championship can't wait to see in it next year
I haven't heard back from Stacy or Jay yet...
Michael Allen's CCAF method for Content Development: Context, Challenge, Activity, & Feedback.
Great to Chat with you tonite CK!! :
Final cuts to the Afrunique Runway show...difficult ...72 models...20 needed.....HELP TYRA!!!
Girl you got to change your crazy ways
Twitter mentions/interactions >> Facebook notifications
refresh the page.
I need to get my butt up and out there!
Best of luck with the rest of finals!
:: Thank you, for the great ride-along this morning. See it next Wednesday on
Watch Suisham for the #Steelers. Can't make a FG beyond 40, forget 50.
Yes, M/W at 2 PM. Are you still lurking around campus? Come say hi & plug Obscura! Carman 313.
#HOLYTALETO is going to be trending worldwide anytime soon lol
Happy Birthday Mother Monster , happy birthday to you,happy birthday to you,happy birthday lady gaga,happy birthday to you <U+2665><U+2665>
I learned so much from you and Dan, I really did. Thank you!
i love how can tweet absolutely anything and still get 100+ retweets :)
My bracket is officially done.... Thanks duke, michigan, and missouri...
Happy Easter & Passover to all. :)
Your cheatin' heart will make you weep
Hey I'm bored lol #Twitteback,
Impressive! Keep it up :)
Ticketmaster Opens Seattle Software Development Office
Most dreaded words of #wifilmfest: 'Exit out the back, please.'
This heart that ive followed has left me so hollow.
Lets go to the beach RT : I need a vacation<U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
I've been to the range before but never played a course. Soon as I get my skills up on this simulator its on
Is bitchez really beef'n on twitter I thought they stopped that on facebook
Every Thursday I'm on zombie mode...morning people. :-|
I would love some enchiladas today....
On this day of nationwide fatassery, I am thankful for my high functioning metabolism.
Possibly! I'm really open to anything at this point. A library job would be fun, but they're hard to get around here.
I really hope follow me im so in love with him he so cut im jammin to his song kiesha right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
I would to thank David Sanborn for his live "Straight to the Heart" album and powering me thru at work 2night. A fave of mine since 1986.
Hi Brian! Can you please DM an email or phone number and I will have someone contact you about biz services.
The seller has like 40+ sets of them or something. They're still available.
we might stop by for your wine tasting tonight
Email us at to jump on this huge profit streak!
are either of u going to either shareholders meeting or training camp??
I'm glad you guys made it home safely in one piece tho
hey Arnold is on....this show is funny...."Move it football head"
Hello! #Oprahslifeclass mates
I don't think they want to leave the swamp :)
Tell'em Jeff!
do you wear special underwear ?
How do you think Dan Aykroyd feels today about his role in 'Crossroads'?
Just this once, can someone turn off the moon!?
Thanks for the props!
Forgot that #Parenthood was on last night...thank you dvr for recording!!
They put cocktail bars on the Appalacian trail? Hm, I might be interested now.
Happy Early Birthday!!!! Love yoouuu :D
Y'know what soundtrack goes great with painting and home improvements? Tron Legacy. Daft Punk, man. They're awesome.
When a girl starts to ignore you, that means they are really hurt.
I'm going to be super busy tomorrow, so I'll probably buy it when I get off work, sleep, and then delete the one already in my iTunes.
Want a jeans everyday type of atmosphere? Look to internships/sr. positions at !
sounds like a grand ole time...
A lot better than 's looks and sounds.
right now the only thing i want more than anything is for to FOLLOW me :'(
this one works!
Im from san antonio Tx :3 USA :) I like mexico :333
Gov. Haley Barbour thinks the civil rights struggles were not that bad. Was he ever bit n the a$$ by one of Bull Connors dogs while marching
I can't wait for 'Listen Up'!! You need to come to Long Island, it's my dream to meet you :)
Really excited about it! Focus on long tail wines + Wine Club for the Trade... cc
Brain boner- Something that strikes a chord in someone's thinking, creating a spur of "enlightenment" and stimulation.
Last exam complete!
Bud light platinum = not so bad.
Supporting #SuitedForSuccess: Sponsored in part by Southeast Overtown/Park West Community Redevelopment Agency
what up to the crew in Scottsdale...Always a good time doin it in the Park.
My Rangers are winning, the Heat lost, and the Red Sox are getting their butts kicked.
let's go, you've got it benji boy!
Looking forward to our walking tour this Friday on Tejon Street. Forecast is fun & sun!
My question for : what is the sound of a smile?
lol.. thats what I wanted to hear...
The International TECHstyle Art Biennial (ITAB) Opening Reception this Sunday, August 22 from 2-4pm ... We hope to see you there!
because maddie wasn't fighting with anyone claire started it and I'm trying to end it because maddie doesn't deserve this.
Jammin out to and the weekend rollout and the girl in the car next to me is doing the same!! <3
L-Carnitine, an ingredient that offers two important functions in energy production ...
Kyle Williams may want to hide in a hole somewhere far far away! YAY!
thank you good sir!
Habitat to open gallery at King's Road store Habitat is to house an exhibition space at its King’s Road, London store.
I'm intrigued. Let me look at our calendar
I love you. Even though you make my day everyday, you'll still never notice me. But I still #believe #someday you will <3
Apparently I have REALLY soft hands, I never knew that xD
I will never be a body double but I will always highly enjoy reading casting notices for body doubles
remember from the winter classic when he did that
Where in Federalist Papers did the founders/architects of liberty set out citizen duty to pay everyone else's doctor bills?
Can't wait till the new episode of Kourtney & Kim Take New York!
I don't have a care in the world right now.
Also reminded how, by and large, if a Chekhov scene feels truthful it's funny and is played funny it's not funny.
what's up?
Hope is the worst of evils, for it prolongs the torment of man.
Yay!!! Can't wait to get it :D
u gotta luv that all this 50 Shades stuff is quite entertaining on a certain level.
spring can come
Where did Raven Symone make the Announcement?
My eyes are always greener after a good cry. Guess its the human version of a rainbow after a storm.
": haha, had it 4 like a year and some change, kept it quiet tho didn't want the follower counter to break due 2 me havin so many"
Yep! So excited for tonight. Def crossing my fingers for Juliet.
Oh, that stinks! So sorry!
When thousands of people start to follow me... my Tweets are going to be inspired by His tweets crack me up.
Thanks for the folow!
LA layover on my way to NOLA
Covered this kind of Coors game many times -- pre-humidor, of course. But it shows just how big the place is. 29 hits, only 2 HR thru 6 IP.
I got that joint homie thanks a million bruda tell lamont to pay u thru his cut of this nutrition money
bed time, tired as hell
The Library Foundation of Los Angeles is an organization that raises funds to support the Los Angeles Public Library.
RT RT : Want to help out w/ 's #entrepreneur event on Thurs? They need a volunteer! Hit up
Another day of band practice. This new set is gonna sound ridiculous. I can't fucking wait!
“: Add my NCREDIBLE logo from my icon to yours and I will follow you. Join #TheNCREDIBLES” - Donee!
I get it. You lose money on each click but you make it up in volume.
make someones dream come true. follow me :)
Today in Blues History: Delta blues, country blues, folk guitarist/singer Mississippi John Hurt died Nov 2, 1966, in Grenada, Miss
My foots itchy
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us to all of you!
Possible food poisoning. Not goose. Especially since I work 4-9 tomorrow :/
Get your motor runnin'. Head out on the highway.
It's raining and I'm home.
Attending Social Media Tactics at #Opp12 Great Talk!
What Jeter interview?
After almost an hour at the doctor's office it looks like no What-a-burger for lunch :-( I guess Dee will never get to go there.
Can't stop thinking about how great tonight was.
cool... what was the learning curve like for him? Was there a lot of trial and error involved?
I feel similarly about composting in SF, it drives me crazy to travel and not be able to compost now.
R U calin me a quitr?
I'd like to congratulate Vladimir Putin on his inauguration as the new president of Russia.
Novel financial model for museum mobile apps: fundraising tool for inst advancement team?
did you find out tumblr? If not its truecolorsband.tumblr.com
Who's still in the desert? Let's rage!!
me to :/ im gonna bake myself some choclate cake
Good morning!
#ReplaceSongNameWithDeruler If I had Deruler (If I had you)
Me and listening closely to You should, too.
thanks, pal.
nigga they drink Qream out of my hands.
heading off for a hot (literally) bikram date with my favorite newlywed. here's hoping the transition back into it goes smoothly.
Fought til the end.
Chris Baker 80% of apps are being delivered through the #cloud and #saas. Even Private Cloud adoption is growing quickly
Should a healthy girl waste 3 hours on the phone trying to get an insurance company to pay for a mammogram screening? BLUE SHIELD = HELL
Just sold my car headed to my fav dealers tommarow.have to come new.SUPPER FLOSSY!
Watch the 2012 Future NBA champs start the playoffs with a win against the Mavs!
no sorry what was it?
Stay away from bootleg botox ladies tryna #Getfresh lol
Simple pleasures in life - Girl Scout cookies. Noshing on a Samoa and there's only 2 left. Next year can't come quick enough.
Hope everyone had a fantastic weekend! We will be closed NEXT Monday for Queen's Birthday, please keep this in mind when ordering this week.
dang, hard times :(
google voice is an absolute necessity for me, and if it fucks up I'm fucked. good so far, though.
. As NewsHour did, when they balanced an interview with Mann/Ornstein with a talk with Tom Coburn.
Anyone have a used iPod Touch they'd like to sell? My daughters (8 & 10) are saving up $$ this summer to buy one-of course, for a good price
LMaO!! It was kinda funny.RT : God bless your ministry. RT Love_Reign I'm watching a movie w/ Trina as the lead actress....
Music can name the unnamable and communicate the unknown..... Leonard Bernstein
So glad to be home (y)
It's worth remembering that Amy Winehouse actually wrote her own songs, unlike so many other cardboard cutouts, cop-out fools.
Facebook’s ‘Listen’ Button Plays Artists on Spotify, Mog, Rdio and More
so what's poppin
Hey followers :) Dont be afraid to talk to me i write back to everyone :)
Watch out, , I'm teaching Brazilian music today.
RT If you love One Direction, Justin Bieber, Austin Mahone, or The Wanted #SaySomethin :D
Haha!! I know how ur pops be going off
well aint that a shame
Brasserie Du Vin tonight 7 to 9pm. Padilla/Ledward Violin Guitar Duo swings its way through the Great American Song Book.
He Called And Said "ILoveYou" &&' I Said "SorryButICantSayTheSame"
i enjoy reading your tweets..keep doin ya thang..!
Just found out Pandora has unlimited free listening now. Thanks !
Everyone check out our good friends at ! Amazing clothes and amazing people. Help out local Columbus fashion.
So it's not just North Carolina that still has a lot of explaining to do.
Bitter niglets hop off!!!!
Just finished WARM BODIES by Never thought I'd care about zombies so much. Really, truly, a fantastic book.
you can do it! how are you feeling! since you didn't go to the last party!
we just noticed we are 2.5 bottles of wine in. houston, we have a problem. or liftoff?
Did you wear yours today?
India & USA's #Cyberpact & New Open Source Platform To Access Government Data ow.ly/5IP44
Will you be as #surprised as #Esperanza if you win this week's phillyhunt? Remember the answer will be found on question at 12
RT if, like me, you woke up stuck on "Tarzan Boy" by Baltimora! Wait... no one? No one???
stfu! BOUT WHAT
Can't wait to drive to Nashville for the Alabama Shakes and Jack White concert! Definitely making a stop at too
Graduation is 3 weeks from today! Please go fast.
Some uni stuff to do today.
Let me answer you first with a question. What is your definition of branding?
Thank you Julio. I hope you like it! :) Is a little part of me
Flatstock 29 at in Austin is FREE & Open to the public! Everything you need to know is here: bit.ly/gLOu7b
great quote!
watch that mouth wifey! I care about your life
Guess all watchn players club
wait, they have such a thing??? *googles*
your welcome :)
lol oh you know you have to explain things to me (:
agreed. But I get college ID pics taken tomorrow. So im dressing up. sorry!
We're just Texas. Born and raised.
Big thanks to and Major Harris to coming out to our VIP HH. Today we find out if they can golf. #wvu .
aww man we should totally plan one dayy, would be sweet (y)
Hey SD crisp addicts! We will now be sold at Pomegranate Market in Sioux Falls! We are so happy to be a part of their healthy community!
#Raiders fans, who do you hate the most outside the AFC West?
iPhone 5<U+FFFD>s voice-to-text feature auto-corrects Horny enough to bang your mom! to Sorry to hear about your mom! USELESS for Twitter
If I'm a store please hand whatever to me and not put it on the counter! #SoRude! Doesn't matter if it's money or a straw put it in my hand.
I didn't know I was! I must've left it on after doing an interview.
Lol yeah Thomas is a good pickup.
we gave you a shout out on our blog today! www.knowledgesafari.com click blog!
Ugh we r gettin closer an closer :(
Due to the fall &winter releases of amazing games. I will no longer be able to function as a human being as sleep will surely be missed.
It just wont feel right.
Wish you can see you through my eyes ..
put your hearts up and click my follow button, sorry Ari, I never give up! ;) makes me happy;D xoxo luv u<3
Just got another "driving behind you and been needing Scentsy cell call!! Thank you car decal!!
drives me crazy when they do that
idek how to do it tho so
Kyle Williams?
Aye GURL I wanna give you a round of applause. You deserve a standing ovation cause you got me falling in love w/ the things you do baby!
lick jays face
Now I'm sitting here crying at home I never been written up before its not fair I did nothing all I said is to stop
RT MFG award winner Woody Allen honored with an Oscar for Midnight in Paris. #oscars // Yes, we're glad!
lolz, amen to that! :)
LMFAO LOL SHE'S SO DUMB
I got to tell u a secrete I LOVE U!So easy to say on a text but not in person.:T anyways I need to tell ya something I like T------oh gosh<U+E106><U+E022>
The chlorine in this hotel is INTENSE!
May 20, 2-4 pm, Alexandria Symphony Orchestra presents Children’s Arts Festival, “Cosmic Quest,” at T.C. Williams.
Hello sir :)
brain sweet brain. wza granger place?
We will be there! Stop by the booth and introduce yourself.
Come by Red Square (Georgetown Univ) to have a carrot cake & end your hunger as well as the world hunger crisis! via Bakers at Georgetown
O, if you need to take a break and drink a tasty beverage, I could stand to work outside the studio this afternoon.
same here... but if its one of my close friends i confront them
oh I will!
where the eff did they play?!?
I am ready for the
going to sleep well good night twitterlers ttyl or in the night cause i know im not going to be waking up anytime soon :) bye
What cameras do you shoot wonders on?
Thanks for the RT! : blogoversary celebration and great book giveaway by : tiny.cc/71hjt
Can you get banned from over tweeting? lol.
Henrik = Brick Wall
i love when i can put my poetry in my music. it always feels so right :]
cough huh? Avenge Deez Nuts!!!
I know shit rough but we don't give up, we don't get mad we just get tough, we just get right we don't get left.
I've gotten a lot of response on the decks. It's honestly gonna be a free for all. I will order more if I run out.
Well just think he could be sneaking into your head and making himself comfy to make you dream of him.
Had a great time at Oshkosh this year with two showings of our new episode "They Were All Volunteers", available on DVD in November!
#ireallywant to learn how to drift.
It's unamerican to not like Seinfeld
Cats lead 2-1 in the bottom of the 2nd with runners on the corners and 1 out
congrats on moving up in the world Jeff
“ WHATS GOING ON WITH WADE?”
awwh feel better!
we can totally help you with that. Just sayin'
Just tasted through about 62 wines at the Downey Wine show... And 3 espresso's later I'm ready to go!
Taking Jake for his follow up appt. Dont want to drive there just for them to tell me the meds worked, but oh well
Aramis Ramirez's bat usually doesn't heat up until June, but I didn't know about his brain.
Thanks so much. I love what is doing. You guys are great! Let's meet up again soon. Jealous of the loft!
Filling my ear holes with The Jesus & Mary Chain in anticipation of the Fillmore show in June.
Am I the only one in the world who doesn't know what temple run is?
I told the wonderful desk agent who got me on a flight tonight that he was my favorite person on the planet. I meant it, too.
Asa Jackson, a Cal Poly CB just drafted by the Ravens, is such an unknown that ESPN's draft tracker didn't list school in his online eval.
dead and gone
Nerding out on the Byrds and Simon & Garfunkel today.
Oh no! Tell me that the presentation you agreed to do isn't anytime soon! Hope you get voice back quickly!
Swapping this year's 1st RD & two more 1st RD is too huge a price IMO. #Rams almost guaranteed 3 starters from this trade.
hi ariana, just wanted to let you know that i love you <3
no, it's not on demand yet
sup Cuzzo just wanted to see how you been?
aw shucks- where is my invite?!
i feel like im nothing
we are owned by Bain, who owns Dunkin Donuts. M, donuts...
I feel tha love. Toast wonderful future lol. No
I know. Terrible.
ok so once again why r u fucking with her... She must do the bootie real good!!!! Lol
Rain shortens Curcio track meet - Lynchburg News and Advance
I do
"They should make vodka lipgloss."
What to do tonight in #Milwaukee?? Marquette won so it should be hoppin'!
Salsa @ The Marquee (AMC Downtown) Tonight at 8pm - Free Lessons at 8:15pm - 1400 Main
Had fun chatting with this morning. #Veep gives good belly laughs.
Hope you're smiling BIG today :)
still that's a good triple
What's the over under on the amount of cortisone that they pumped into Ben at the half?
Life is AMAZING!!
last minute notice! Ruby Dee will be appearing tonight through Sunday in Regina Taylor's play, Post-Black at Ensemble Studio Theatre
Wow, Solo Cup company sold for $1B. I guess the beer pong market is taking off.
Happy Mother's Day!
how you been since you never hit me up no mo'
i love your music.
Lady gaga tonight...
no im not even on one, im juss stickin to real shit
Havent been on this account in forever Im always on my personnalll
Weight Loss Supplements - Are Supplements Necessary for Maximum Weight Loss?
I would put it on Facebook too if this phone would let me!!
Sorry chica, one of these days I promise! I'm a busy gal, as I'm sure you are too :)
Let us continue to tell the next generations the praiseworthy deeds of the Lord, his power, & the wonders he has done. Psalm 78:4
My sleep schedule has sadly enough become 4 AM-noon. I'm not proud. But waking up at 9AM tomorrow shall be quite the bitch.
Watching Next Friday in work.
Hey say hi to Nick Jonas for me ... :D
Omg me too! Yay:)
It's 11:11 make a wish <3 *cough cough* this tweet is dedicated to you <3 so notice me maybe ?? #ILoveYou #ILikeYourFace <3 :)
#idolfinale the suspense!
Hopefully i get to Skype tonight (:
lol. You do that. I saw captain america a few days ago. I still haven't seen the last harry potter movie though. :/
#FF , , , Thank you for all the kind support
DISCUS announced that Suntory International has joined the trade group which is composed of major producers of distilled spirits in the US
Relocated to MI from NYC! Good to be home, but I could use employment. Anyone know of freelance design/layout/editing work?
haha they were mortified I didn't check the picture with them first! They're old now and can't live without the glasses :)
I forgot about twitter! But then I realized there was a twitter app on my blackberry so like why not tweet everysecond now
Great article.How are you doing? I hope you're celebrating,but knowing you, you are back in full recruiting mode!Come out to Cali!
oh yessir! The original #FRESHness: #SamDietze | much love brother.
good morning. I just made eggs. The end.
Faith treats "Disbelief-Itis"!
My horoscope is dead on as always #teamlibra. friendship is important to me & I'll never turn my back on my friends
so gilberto, when are we going to hangout hahah?
me too
RT : I have truly been blessed with some amazing friends who love God and it's completely awesome.
lol I kinda need to know tough ima go tomorrow & I need to see how much $ to take :o
Who's already purchased their tickets?
ive been stung by a bee a few times. shit hurts man.
I'll admit, partial to Beirut, do want to walk the "corniche"
Roger that on report. Stay tuned.
If you come to greenfield i will tip really WELL!!!
you wore this on 16&pregnant!
Mavericks trail the Rush 3-1 just heading in to the third period
I thought KAYNE WEST learned his life lesson the FIRST TIME he pulled this stunt! I hope the MEDIA's 2 minute story is FAIR...oh wait, damn!
Custom Tote Bags are an excellent promotional tool. High quality full color tote bag printing at NYC Printing 123 is the just what you...
yayyyy meatspin!! Are you going to the concert?
How can Billy hate the snug?!
Margaret Singer of Su Casa has just been awarded the 's Everyday Freedom Hero Award
RT if you're going to ESPN Gameday tomorrow!!!
rocked my soul
T minus 6 days to kickoff! tailgate better be ready. Comin back hard style
word up. Only Redskin fan I know and you loyal to that bum ass team but you guys about to hop over Dallas
does anyone at UMW have one of those car battery chargers? For idiots like me?
Listening to waiting for JOSH HUTCHERSON!
Yeah!! It's a really good show! :D I love it <3
Hey, were you guys at the OCALI conference this last November?
It's I Am Better Than This Thursday. Sometimes you have to take a look at your situation and tell yourself I am better than this.
Proudly wearing my Gamma Phi Beta badge designed by today!
Hour before set starts and show is already full.
Who'd you rather...Scotty Pippen and his rings (6) or Karl Malone...2nd all-time leading scoring with 36,928??? - Thanks for listening!!!
Mall with (:
I'm all mothered out. Better rest my fevered brain for the good of all :)
Clue & Life
of course!!
We hope it's not your last! ": 's first time at !! Super delicious!"
I really loved FINALLY meeting you IRL last night!! :)
what a day first I got a parking ticket ugggg , then I missed a conference call
Today MUST be opposite day then, cause your absolutely fuckn hideous:D(beautifulest) RT : Fatima's ugly (:
: If you're not ready to be poor, you're not ready to be an entrepreneur
“: I am getting to the point where I am beginning to look forward to the MLS suspension of the day e mail.” Like.
People get on the internet &&d forget who they really are...
yay! just ate and 1 A so far. happy again!
gonna be tweeting a LOT about tomorrow. just be warned haha... my baby's gonna be 18! <3
Who else thinks that George Carlin would have made one hell of a president?
You can't get away from God. God won't get away from you. Bibliography = Psalm 139 (especially 7 - 12), Hebrews 13:5.
#meet&Greet at Wando's May 1, Looking to fill nominee slate - membership can vote. tweet us if you are interested.
"Work with?" "Work with your doctor?" Depends on which and what all factors? CBT WHAT? Circumstance WHAT? MEDICAL CONDITON whoM???
...a little bit of driving). And if you can find a spot there that doubles or LA...could be good.
I give it a 1..
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate Are You Paying?
completed Chapter 8 in
only 8 more days until school is out..know what that means? 8 days until I get to watch you do your thing! On
To all of you who work at the toughest, most underpaid, under-appreciated, longest hours job, we salute you. Thank you garbagemen! Oh ye...
If this game would of been in Gillette stadium the everyone in the Cauldron would of been arrested
Thank you it works wonders!
So great running into you today. Hope your day got better!
you have a nice smile
Watching a romantic movie and getting pissed off about your non-existent love life.
OMG Hundreds of killings and lynchings of blacks kept quiet in the 20s
My name is Tyrone Freaknasty Jackson and I would like to be booked for the next show.
I love cooking, but I am also very glad that I denoted Wednesday nights as "dinner out" night. was a welcome respite. :)
Ah please put up the pictures! I can't contain my self any longerr haha(:
Studying up for my PADI rescue diver course over the weekend...
Worst feelings ever : Finding out the person who you WERE in love with , had NEVER loved you.
Thanks. Definitely changes things.
dm it to me again
pitch 1 vs pitch 5 was amazing. Out of control to NASTY.
That photo of us on your set made me Facebook famous for a day. Thanks brother, lol!
Kiss me like you miss me ***
this sounds like the reaction your girlfriend makes, when you just told her you have an STD in bed.. #isetmyfriendsonfire, bitch!
I love pink chesse (:
TeachBoost if you do what you say you're going to do, I'm rooting for you.
Detroit wins hockey game. There is no justice in the world!
Men are easier, they just see what grud.A that's us, women will be a surprise ...
Level up - group stds around teacher's desk, teacher sits amongst std desks - make the pt. about them taking control of the learning process
I saw you messaged me, whats up?
O forced to endorse gay marriage, despite ducking the issue previously. Obama, 2004: "I don't think marriage is a civil right."
#shestooyoungforyoubro if she think flocka better than biggie
Ridiculously excited about going to Dubai tomorrow!
Finally coming down from that post gala high.... 2 words describe it. WIPED OUT!! Totally worth it, but is it bedtime yet??
Lol yeah right!! I would never set myself up for blackmail...I'm smarter than that :P
My wife says "Writing is the joyful part. Rewriting is the hard work." She writes fiction.
“ I Hate When Ugly Girls Think They The Shit Because They Chill With People Who Are Known! -__-”
Good Night all, Peace & Love ....
Being faithful to your Boyfriend or Girlfriend should be common sense .
We're thinking MWF for sure...
RT Positivity accrues like compounded interest. Negatively depletes like a high interest credit card.
Are you sure the leftovers will survive past the lunch hour? :)
tourism event over 3000 peeps....Christmas in middleburg
. The Doctor's Socks
Welp, so much for that. RT Hearing Duke has offered 2013 M33M/Dyer Co. guard Robert Hubbs I.
Hes the one i think is cute but actually my bias is Suho :D
R.I.P. Angelo Dundee
haha they seem just a little out of place
Snow finally in Denver? is predicting 5-10 inches... Finally gonna feel like the holiday season!
Very Cheap Florida discount Canoeing and Kayaking Florida- canoeing and kayaking florida
True Story: I ate bull testicles last night. Well.. I spit them out.. but yeah... photos to follow.
Checking out #District in downtown Oakland. Very cool spot, good energy!
OMG we are starting to record our EP today. Who's excited?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?!
Do you own a food cart? we have two new locations...One in Sellwood and one in Canby! PRIME!
Shout Out my new Shadiva... Thanks U Lord!!!
don't think that would last too long. Money dries up real quick when starting a new family.
Black belt! Congratulations!
Ill be a blogger. I love my 3 dogs. It is my 2nd pack of 3.
Lol gotta love
Are you a young professional and want to ask our mayoral candidates a question? Let us know here.
Columbia today for CPA Day at the Statehouse. - Legislative Luncheon, New CPA Oath Ceremony and SCACPA Board meeting.
After hearing on I can't wait to see Company.
Happy holidays to all!
Shout out to Follow Him He Follows Back !
that was a big deal y'all
Most teenagers are like, "I want sex, alcohol, and drugs." Then there's me like, "I want Austin Mahone."
What apps do you use to tweet? What about linking your FB and twitter? I'm tired of them giving each other the silent treatment
I'm a conservative, teetering Republican (no viable candidate..ugh) and I find this hilarious! Good one, Greebs!
Man! It's the Hair Show. The Ice Cold Brothas of Alpha Phi Alpha present their 10th Annual Hair Fashion Show @ the Wharton Center! Tonight!
Anytime! :) RT I won a couple free apps from 4 tomorrow night! thinking BBQ Shrimp and Chicken Thighs! Thx guys!
I'm a bitch, and I don't care.
thanks for the follow! And thanks for letting me be a part of SOTYP, it was a great event! Count me in for future happenings!
Yes Reed, I've enjoyed the My Art Match app, hear they have more stuff coming soon. Something to keep an eye on for sure.
ME TOO! RT : I'm only 140 characters of interesting.
Today was the last day of school for seniors<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Very excited to be here at #BroCon2011 at NYAC speaking about marketing & sponsorship. Great event.
indeed. I only insist on this place bc it's a bit of a walk (I always like an excursion) & it's historic (& you know).
the-man.tv to view the first two episodes of my web series The Man. It has been a blast making them but also a valuable learning tool!
I was praying and I can hear my fone and all my messages r from Twitter
Will "The Social Network 2" detail how Facebook has become a less desirable place to visit than a Mexican hot dog factory?
dude thank you so much! That's so awesome.
Here we go again with Perrys last attempt to claim a war on religion. Surprisingly just as stupid without the nature backdrop.
That would be hilarious...(:
4.2 earthquake = great day at the office
Thanks to everyone who helped us take 2nd-best Film Festival in the 's Best of DC 2012 poll! Next year,
June 23 & 24! May get a hotel over the weekend starting Friday the 22nd :)
sounds pretty brutal
Teaching for all, not for profit.
Thanks for the updates on the races at junction city, love that track<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
oh! Well thanks for letting me know -_-
i miss you more :/
Thanks! I really enjoy your research as well, (including your insightful comments on my blog!). By the way, congrats on your book
I see your point; but this is more like focusing on a primary race in a minor school board instead of the mayoral campaign.
Is it me? Please tell me that it's me.
Drove though Downtown Lorain tonight to see what all the Light Up hub-bub was about. There were freaking reindeer!!
I have to ask my Catholic friends to block your Twitter account :-)
Omg I need that Audi.
Shannaban will say Stauby toe-picked!!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Fong Chanthavong was killed in a car crash in Chili this morning. Her family says she was driving to work, just she did everyday.
not much im bored :/ blahh wat r i doing
Oh...check out our new 4th year logo.
Have you played with SimpleGeo?
I wear all your old clothes, your polo sweater I dream of another you the one who would never leave me alone to pick up the pieces.
they have a pretty nice gym down there how is the program?
Best recent discovery: , the Twitter account of Laura Ingalls Wilder.
thx for RT. piece was dreadful.
Hey everyone! We're staying late tonight to get ready for Streats tomorrow night at the El Cortez!! Get down there and get your eat on!! @
mornin tweeta'z lets catch a cloud and stay on dat bitch!!!
How are u ariana? Hope u had a great day today! Can't wait for u live chat! Love u! Xoxo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
I have been sitting in the dps office for an hour and still waiting...
I hate being sick...
thank you for the love, support and friendship!!! Simply beautiful inside and out!
I can't believe Kreider is on the top line! Let's see what this kids got!!
why does Benton have to be soo far away!!!
The attitude u give to me is what you shall receive....
Even better than the food?! Shabbat Shalom guys!
#FastAndFurious makes me FURIOUS...FAST! Disappointing while Disgusting! Why does Holder still have a #jobs?I know, he's covering for Obama!
Police showed your Tru Blu Ft. Young Dafi & Mosburg video in a news conference today and are 'concerned' about it. Thoughts?
Yeah, I figured you were that cool. I'll be posting more book-centered links. Stay tuned.
I have created my own reality by deciding and judging what is possible. II now ask the Universe to show me what else is possible.
#Simple chicken recipe #sticky lemon tarragon drumsticks #chicken recipes #meal ideas #dinner time
haters gonna hate keep doing yall's thing is all good!
The Drowsy Lads were awesome! DJ DEVO is now tearing it up to a packed dance floor.
I need more followers.
i think ur acct was hacked because i just received a DM from u with a link to a site w/ a virus! :/
#ClassicMovies Kangaroo Jack
Trick or Treat? TRICK is finding a good roofing contractor. TREAT is finding one to do it at 2/3 the cost. Call for quote. 505-504-2522
haha. Are you flying there?
What to do on this beautiful day before it gets blazing hot again...I think Tori and I will take Nikita to the dog park!
Kevin Love wins 3 Point Contest! Up next the Slam Dunk Contest!!!
Media is sounding so dissapointed there was no carnage in NYC? They blew it out of proportion to begin with. Just be glad no one was hurt!
You know it's a good day when you pick up and he's wearing short running shorts and a vneck.
same old song RT : She's so last year
ELI is now "Manning" and Payton will be known by his first name. Eli was always riding shotgun, now he is the driver.
You need to live with Oscar the grouch.
Off work. Went by in a breeze.
TWEET YOUR HEART OUT IM STILL NOT GONE CALL
#20ThingsAboutMe 7. I'm a righty, but I dance better with my left. Go figure.
Barack Obama -- Honored with Fried Chicken and Waffles
Holy frack, Mexico! Stop with all the psychotic horror reality, plz.
#atablackchurch its that awkward moment when everyone turns around and stares at you
New cvp's will be a giant spaceship.
": Just finished a bottle of red wine, now time for moscato!!!"<< u probably drinkin dat shit by ya self listening to some R&B lol
Albert Einstein: The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them.
Always the first to class, and last to leave.
I found Spiccoli, he's alive and well and lifeguarding at the Breckenridge Rec Center!! :-)
DS: i hope he is. When Mattison was here he was soft and our D reflected that a little bit..
god morning :)
Our DNA Fingerprint autosomal test is a total analysis of all your lines matching you to populations not people. 888-806-2588
yeah man. If you can't next week I can see about picking you up I you're down.
Thanks for following us!
Flipped through channels & saw a CNN doc on Bin Laden & then wrote an essay abt how much he messed up the world
haha hell yeah
Grab our #TUESDAYSPECIAL for lunch AND dinner! 1 Large 1-topping carryout pizza for just $4.99! Use promo code - TUE499
How does that compare with other teams int he B1G?
Travel + all that goes with spending on a bowl game right around the holidays. Just thinking there's some economics to the issue.
Esri Experts Earn TM Forum Certification
your tongue tastes like shit.
Tim Bedwell will discuss pedestrian safety with Nina Radetich during the six P.M. news tonight.
David Byrne day in New Genres! Best excuse to watch Stop Making Sense and convert some Talking Heads fans. Loving this class.
Haha!!! Yeah, Klout was doing a V-Day theme. I'm good bro, we need to catch up soon. I haven't seen you since the shoot!
lol set a screen, boxed, made the extra pass, set another screen, drew a foul, boxed out-me
Hrag are you really (half?) Canadian? I actually had no idea.
Tall Americano from Starbucks...road drink
“: here's to the kids who are too awkward to function.” Big Cat from Fantasy Factory ;P 's brother. <3 :)
friends messing w/ ouigi? board... long story.. hairdryers turning on by themselves - I SAW that! we all slept in next room..
I love it! Through the eyes of babes :)
Hungry? Thirsty? Just got off of work? Cruise by for the 1st Thirsty Thursday w/! We'll be here until 8PM!
Breaks over! Comic Con prep in full force! Who needs a booth???
slider outside 1 ball 2 strikes
Yeah you do! With stickK by your side, you're good to go!
Can't use a drinking fountain now without thinking of Parks & Rec.
Bobby Valentine's rain dance must have worked. RT Tonight's Yankees-Sox game at Fenway postponed.
Got the new Set Your goals songs! SO GOOD!!!
Right, and somehow his hype grew from last year's draft to now.
I WANT MY HALF!
yea I got a cartoon of turners tea tattooed on me a few months ago
School van driver facing rape charges in court in Boston. Latest at 5:30.
thanks so much and happy to answer any millennial questions!
Travel briefs: D.C. wax museum gets Lady Gaga
guy loves his 300 way too much. Lost cool points.
Congrats man I was rooting for you but come next week....well that will all depend
OMG! This is just...I don't watch K-Pop in front of friends or family. Lol Just no!
Shocker! OK, maybe not... Star & Buc Wild have left the building at Radio One's WPHI (100.3 The Beat)/Philly. Stay tuned for what's next.
how's twitch doing? if he is still not doing very well I can take him to an emergency clinic thru Good Samaritan law tonite
RT - No player on the Jacksonville Jaguars not named Maurice Jones-Drew should be allowed to talk shit in the media
lorne is such a light-skinned!! ugh lol
yes I love toddlers. That been my passion since I was little. U got a lot to do at ur job. How old r u? If u mind
Curry is a beast. Congrats to Mark Jackson on career win
I can install it , and make sure it works (Full Version) for 80.00
That would be useful. But, this format opens up unknown mental possibilities
Sorry I missed the groundbreaking...I will be happy to sample any leftover wine samples to make it up to you guys!
RT Rick Perry, king of the wild frontier. txmnth.ly/pbgZOY (context)
follow me please i donate 10 cents to pencils of promise please follow and help make change 2011!
all those teams are much more complete than Denver
Fellas...Gurls wit Long Hair or Short?????
One week till ROCKETS AND ROBOTS part of theNC Science Festival… rockets are too cool!
ALWAYS do a dry run!
I wonder if this is the magnetic therapy... I'll be watching for the answer. Insurance reimbursement tough for MT
The guy who paints the field in Jacksonville had an #epicfail. Some field arrows are pointing the wrong way.
I think they are all afraid of Tami
I thinks my neighbor just caught me stealing his Wi-Fi internet.
your tinychat was fun!! you should do it more often!
A fake smile can only stay on your face for so long.
My dude is performing at a school event with a shirt that says VAGINA, gold teeth, and he is bangin hard!
that wasnt very nice of him was it!
my swag is definitely switched ON.
talking to you makes my night (:
At #jam2011 exec summit What a breakfast! Ready to start
Lol what if i could actually dress and look cute..
a sequel to #mudbound? I am so IN! I want to pre-order my copy now.
are you there Robby? It's me, god
I'm not one to gossip, but is up to no good..
thanks for the follow! We believe the #digitaldivide needs to be closed as well!
Computer problems got you down? We'll get you back up and running!
otherwise, just have fucking carrots.
Re education: As much as the US lags behind the world, WA state lags behind the US.
Met a female dragon. Had a fire conversation.
Some guys have starring problems 0.o
": I hate driving now... With a passion ^.^ in the summer in riding a bike everywhere"
THANK U 4 DA PPL STILL FOLLOWING ME. I LOVE YALL N ILL B BACK ON SOON N BETTER
here's hoping. Technically we've had like a week to do this...
you better believe I want the #sluggertime T!
Hey, , good to hear from you! :)
Suck my dick
Can't believe I'm seeing purple. Puke!
Along Came Polly is a funny ass movie.
Marble can vary in size and color and can be cut to your specific needs.
Someone just ralphed at the Brannan Street US Post Office. Please be advised.
I'm heartbroken & it's very frustrating. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
no she shot into ceiling and got 20yrs.
Toss up btwn April Bloomfield & Christopher Walken for most awesome-sounding cameo on tonight’s 's holiday special
Great to meet you too. I look forward to tweeting with you! Have a wonderful Wednesday!!
When did people in the driver seat start looking like they are about 9 years old???
Rise and Shine ! Beautiful day to believe the impossible and declare the ridiculous and receive the exceedingly
Kansas over NC = my bracket is now leading the #MarchMadness group?
u r too sweet. And a bundle of "Joy Doss"
No no no this can't be! Not Lexie!! I don't want her to die!! :'(
I'm pretty booked for tomorrow, but I'll think about the 106k, & talk to Melissa bout it. Do you have more details?
FYI : you can rip YouTube vids to import as songs through Safari & FF.
I've heard beautiful soul three times today and like four times in like three years.
yes! That's true!
I hate the last days of school . So bored.
Does Portland have a shot at landing Jamal Crawford? if not then who is on their radar?
A little late night comping in the studio...
Of Course you can draw Ali. That's no secret :p.
you can't afford it on the weekends. Lol
Good Morning! "To be an artist is to believe in life."-Henry Moore Create your day!
": A belly button might have more than fifty bacteria species living in it." Thus further the spawning of my phobia..
I was never a fighter but if someone follows me & catches up... I will fight for my life... Justice 4 Trayvon...
Thrilled that is on Twitter. I expect to shift his focus from in the follow-ratings.
#AllianceSummer Council discusses potential evolution of DDA ebk project: future scale, cost distribution, transition frm pilot to program
It's safe to say the Rez there don't dig Madaffer very much, or Emerald, or any SD politician for that matter.
Not over tweeting on the markets here. Saving good stuff for the clients and friends. The Bear has arrived
: Sweet. House shoot? Can't wait to see it.
Isn't he Scottish?
IT'S PARADE DAY MILWAUKEE!!!
follow me plz go on your plz
<U+266C>RT<U+266A>IF<U+266A>YOU<U+2764><U+266A>MUSIC<U+266C>
Hw sucks ass
:( I know all about it.
you're welcome! You're site is GREAT!
yeah I hear this a lot but everyone keeps saying this spam
honestly if ur so fucking down about urself go jump off a fucking bridge....if u dont want too then obviously u like something about ur life
No, not at all...you're all more than welcome! I'm emailing the gang now and telling them you're coming home!!
Thanks < Consumers don't trust corporate hype. They look to friends and peers for brands and prods they can trust.
When you make claim to "industry leader" or "world's first," be sure it's actually a genuine claim. False claims gradually erode brand.
Enjoy #stirtrek tomorrow. You'll have to pretend there's a tall, obnoxious guy sitting in front of you this year.
Big fan of UNrules.
Zygote ID only! RT : RT : Is a transvaginal ultrasound picture an acceptable form of voter ID in Texas?
its also a day to trust noone. and i do mean NO ONE!
Again, I'm not endorsing imposing structural separation right now, just saying that in principle that would be preferable.
Tell you local SHRM ASTD IHRIM/ etc. chapter, that HR Resource Portal and HR Training Portal has some free services available.
the joy of teenagers... see last tweet
“: at least you know.”yup!! Go toe to toe wit me like a BITCH would
Watching last nites epi of The Voice. I love this show because of the family aspect. Love when some contestants bring mom and dad w/them!
if you knew me, you'd know I'd never prey. Coffee?
Um and who is excited the weekend is finally here?! Can a get a real loud AMEN!
wait what. wHAT. WHAT.
-Thx for following!
hey chick
": FB and follow me on Instagram : Hawtmama_" << u got it!
I'll be testing out 's cocktail today. But first, how do you grill a Grapefruit?
yes! or the liquid soaks through the base and you get the pastry equivalent of eggy bread
Hilarious You need to try this stuff called "glitz" I'll let you sample mine #beautifultanfacespray night little lady xo
bring it. I need the password!
Okay, I guess it's time for my New Year to officially begin. Always takes me a few days to get back in the game after the holidays!
Sorry for the spam this am, DON"T click link from earlier tweet, my twitter account was hacked. Sue
I use emojis a lot. Hah. Time for bed. <U+E13C><U+E13C><U+E13C>
I want to start working asap
Not all but some of yall females think to much of this twitter shit. just because i RT you dont mean i want you lmao TF? haha
no kidding! I want to get a shiba and some of them have a $1500 price tag.
changing to a better highschool
I love you! MM!
I think that some people actually forget what love is sometimes...and I really hate that. They need to rediscover it.
its like there is a HUGE BUTON THAT SAY OOONNNNN dduuuu
Dam i shouldve brought my plane ticket to miami when they brought theirs
hahahaha SO EXCITED!!!
I told my wife that if she wanted me to tell her something about herself that i would but my wife told me not to'
I don't have any gear...I'm in trouble.
good luck!
Thank you for the RT and your help when I was writing!
anytime pat
ONE EXAM LEFT.
and Cacklebeck is Hot!! Just sayin
Miss you too! Hope all is well!
you need to tell all the TCA students to Follow.
same. lets skip out and go. #yolo ; )
yep. You'd think the king of intarwebs search would get it right everywhere...
#SNL is actually good tonight
What was that lady doin on the court??
People going 100% outta their way to help complete strangers.
Ah, I should have known from the HAL reference to look more closely at the speaker...
If u don't so stupid things while ur young... you'll have nothin to smile bout wen ur old...
Nice. I'll have to try that. i'm really into drinking my vegetables lately. I make a tasty carrot ginger soup.
ML: Hi Happy Friday! KYFers miss you!
Can't stand how dumb I can be in certain situations
I'm pimpin pimpin bitches till the end
Boss said dm him our names/stage names/numbers and he'll call us
Hey Girl. Apparently, I chkd out! Day went well...busy. Glad u got early, rather on time. Enjoy ur evening.
Get your work out there and come be inspired at our exciting new festival catered for filmmakers just like YOU!
at West Towne Mall braving the crowds. Tune in to for live updates!
Find the Perfect Outfit for Your Holiday Parties The holidays can be stressful, but one thing you shouldn 't have to fret over? Your part
3 weeks from Friday. I'll see what the mechanic says when I get my oil changed next week.
Having a difficult conversation with someone? Remember to keep taking deep breaths to control your emotions.
It is a very good song. :) And you should text me; I can't sleep. :P
Hottest HR Legal issues session at #HRFl11 is hot!
I love your hair <3 Oh and Eyes . Well imma go watch your bro now . ! BYE (:
Dear Starbucks, I would appreciate the invention of a coffee cocktail. Some afternoons just need more sauce than just espresso. Cheers, 30Hz
- shall we put u on the media VIP list 2 attend Shoot To Cure event fri nite 6pm Chargers Park? Hope 2 C U there.
Our tank tops are in. Printing tonight. Look for them online tomorrow!
Sorry to lose the rivalry, but agree with you on tourney prep. Road games mean little for that, as Cal's '11 Final 4 team showed.
I just wanna lay down but I'll have no time before move outs. And day duty and then class
I ain't running no grocery story here, WAYNE.
haha! Yes! Email me and we will figure this out. :) jen at uber dot com
Mike ’s Early View of the News May 15, 2012 Bluetooth headset still not safe for driving Q: I ’m in the market for a Bluetooth heads
Thanks. We'll see what happens. Good crowd & great comments.
So jealous and proud of right now. I want to talk to
I kinda wish it would just start pouring. I want to just lay in bed and read #TheHungerGames all day.
Tony Montana
One more week until the showdown in Indianapolis!
I hope to see some scary red maps on AC/DC soon...
RT : I should have used this one. RT : Rose Garden in full bloom. LBSU 61, New Mexico 59, less than five to go.
Also how did we get to such short school days. How can a teacher even attempt to get everything in on these 4, 5 hour school days.
Congratulations Arlene Silveira!! BEST choice for my students!
stir fry! should i try this whole veggie thing???
I Start Seen Niggas I Kick It Wit Are Fake As Hell They Know Who They Are 2 #KingShit Bitch
“: Sometimes it’s easier to pretend you don’t care than to admit that it’s killing you...”
Cool, that's the one I always went to. Just thought I'd check. Thanks.
Ha thats pretty cool! I mean if you like cheesecake...
OK, nearly two hours after I told myself I'd stop working, here I am, just giving up. Need a workaholic intervention here.
the worst feeling is hugging someone & they won't hug you back. ):
Young bops become old hoes in just a matter of a few years.
Happy MOTHERS DAY!! Come on down to the Cow and enjoy a tasty cut of our world famous Prime Rib, enjoy with $5 Texas Margarita! Giddy Up!
tweet ya later, Callin it a night #Goodnight I think I'm going to have food dreams now..
good, i just got back from my boyfriends c: <333 you?
OKAY now I really G2G so cya everyone luv ya ....!!
what are you most excited about for the summer?!(:
TRUTH. RT hey guys, follow she makes the best pasta
1st thoughts on seeing #2PacHologram: "Ah, porn for the 1% has arrived in the U.S."
When your soundtrack gets really intense, the creepy presence behind the door will be a friend or loved one.
RT : Ok I need more INK...*same*
your welcome (:
hill got 9s on ?
Just finished working mi abs, hitting the treadmill. Trying a lil something different today. Stay tuned for the results!
Death today of Stanford's Steve Schneider from heart attack a major blow to those who care about the earth, science, decency.
Boat building: the rewards of doing it yourself
That would be AMAZING. 'Cept I'm trading the wine cooler for real wine.
“: hey.... Holla at yo barber lol!!!” what's good homie?? I'm bout to win this jackpot!
man haha I'm still a believer but there goes my image of macs being virus free
haha awesome...almost like #target that time!?!?
I just heard the words "Icelandic alternative folk collective" ???
No mention in 27 hours....
Listenin to music in the morning and having the one song in your head for the rest of the day -___-
#thatawkwardmomentwhen you don't recognize someone because they gained so much weight :\
Whereing my hair up to schoolfor the first time sense like the first month of school.i just had no time to get ready.eww.lol.
A boy gave a girl 13 roses; 12 were real, 1 was fake, then the boy said to the girl, "I will love you until the last rose dies.
That's so true......now me?.... i like you anyways. ALWAY'S & FOREVER :)
But Maybe That's Just Me
Congratulations on the graduation.Miss ya at Applebee's Hiram..It's Tom Tom.Hope you are great!
Forrest can't walk because the kids from his class are OBVIOUSLY trying to beat him up.
Why do children love pets so much? Have you ever asked yourself that question?
I would love to have a day like ferris buller did lol.
I love the All Star comics covers from the end of the Golden Age run. Issue 13 is a great early cover, too.
umm...there's a hurricane outside. “: Rise & Grind!”
I really wanna oovoo but I dont know what to say D:
Good morning :)
How #Millennials are re-defining the 9-5: bo.st/nkleKu (via )
can you tell from my posts? ;) Hi mrmendy
Link? Pic? Summary? Where's the love?!?
I cant stand people anymore. I am fuckin crying right now but I honestly know nobody gives a flying fuck
who Hae? Y?
Curriculum is proprietary: like a trade secret (only not profitable and not a secret). [From my forthcoming piece on music #curricula]
Q1 Too many bells and whistles.
Does anyone remember how "Family Matters" ended?
Wear a watch and you'll always know what time it is
DAILY TIP: The WSOP are held every year from the end of May till the middle of July in Las Vegas. More than 60 World champions are crowned.
Talk that talk girl
Transformer Building! XD
Mary Kay's Dark Denim liner is the bomb! U can get it at www.marykay.com/fabulousglam
You can have him when you get back!
#PubTrans Crowdsourcing and Realtime data are the two major focuses of the panel thus far.
Real World or Extreme Couponing... I'M TORN!
I'd love to network with more blk professionals but I absolutely refuse to feign belief in Christianity to do so.
TGIF! What wine will you be enjoying tonight?
I have a new saying now: I bleed blue
its not fair how pretty you are .... ):
What is your favorite type of salad dressing?
Really love how my two favorite shows are overlapping tonight!! #criminalminds #thewalkingdead Paget Brewster on Talking Dead!!! <3
Who says I don't see that? I AGREE WITH YOU. Stop calling me names... that solves no problem.
omg I'm going to need you to fill me in on pieces of it
yess! Lol all i heard was "Fool look!!" then daran was like "OH SHIT!!" well i think it was him lol
We need to smooth out parking lot speed bumps ASAP
Just to make copies!!
what are you counting down to?
We're glad we could help you move forward in a positive way!
called me pathetic for suggesting I find his impending death due to huge amounts of unhealthy food funny. I'm merely concerned.
I am feelin the Heavy D tribute...Whodini, Big Daddy Kane...Dougie Fresh....Yes Sir
despite popular belief, I actual can code my way out of a paper box ... I'm looking at you
:) Will dig it up later. Read your post about the hospital volunteering, very cool. Good luck with it!
Need A Real Friend That Aint All About Fucking Whi Just Want To Dpend Time Me....
Catching up on my tv time watching Brandy (Behind The Music)
#YouWereCuteUntil to eyelash fell off in my drink!,,,Damn!
Thank you!
Are you coming West at all? Enquiring minds want to know!
don't open it. just say no.
Listen to me! ;)
desire without effort will make you more miserable than having no desire and no effort, from #youarenotyourbrain book.
i concur!
yes please !
Well, it's *real* pumpkin, but from a can. :) I'll roast a pumpkin one of these days!
but thank you, inspired us to reach for some Lady Day
You think I pay attention to a nigga named Clifford? CLIFFORD? Nah.
Let's hang out soon during the week!
Sometimes that accomplishment is prolonged by refilling the stapler.
Anyone else having problems with Twitter in Firefox? I can see my account but not post. Had to go back to Safari ever since the DOS incident
yeah I'll check
are you okay??? Text me
That green cake :p x.x >.<
Very true! RT : Fear & perfectionism can be paralysing. Take risks. Be bold, wild, creative & free! ~
neither would any decent human being : I wouldn't laugh at anyone with cancer no matter how much I disagreed."
thanks means a lot :)
I'm thinking of getting a Leica M8 or M9. Anyone know of any good deals,
Dont know what to get my mom for mother's day,Any suggestions ladies?
Happy Mother's Day to your mama...may she rest in peace.
Ready money is ready medicine.
: Let's schedule something for later this month.
Can't be more happy for the Giants!
I think "Family Ties meets Murphy Brown" is the most cruel description of Veep I have yet seen. And yet not without truth.
Hour & a half later, the pre-preplanning meeting for the next consumer DVD & Book has taken place. The end of the year suddenly seems close.
Of course he is!! I miss summit - hope it was awesome!!
Students, hospitals are great Partners - Boston Herald
ID LIKE TO BE, EVERYTHING YOU WANT!
Burgundy makes you think of silly things Bordeaux makes you talk about them and Champagne makes you do them ~Jean Anthelme Brillat-Savarin
I don't drink BBQ sauce in large quantities so I am not too worried :-P "Watch out for high fructose corn syrup in barbecue sauce"
congrats ! You've won the $100 Zappos Gift Certificate!!!
you can't spell Tim Hortons correctly, so you probably won't miss it that much.
Weighing keeping up with current events against having "weiner twitter" in my search history.
Omw to class last day
You forgot your earrings over here
Social Media Phenomenon - TransWorldNews (press release)
Rabbit Rabbit, April fools and Happy Palm Sunday
*Yawns* Give it up, already.
Happy hump day everybody!!
": Stop making hoes feel important...."
All you gay marriage supporters are going to Hell. Those of us who hate the poor are going to Heaven.
you're welcome. Faith and prayer go a long way. Never forget that.
Iz wrong to admit that #myfavoritesongsever are all by Cat Stevens?
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but at what he aspires to. -Kahlil Gibran
Post fundraiser horseshoe next week?
Alrighty...busy times ahead. Showcasing, screening Speargrove Presents, and seeing all sorts of amazing, talented friends!
"Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself."-George Bernard Shaw
you are the WORST! we have been tying to get in touch regarding property stolen by your employees. #nohelp!
my parentsR more Mexican than me&they're not wearing green/white/red,i am
June I'm hit ATLANTA for the whole month Georgia peaches Hoodieboi comin to play
Very productive day. Feeling good and ready to triumph in our #BlockandAwe volleyball game tonight!
Slang is fine to use when it is clear you are using it on purpose. Be careful though, it can make you seem more controversial and folksy.
but he didn't know that...
Do we get some money left on the dresser?
Taking two toughies: Relational Databases, and Management of Info Organizations.
Today - flying for L.A.!!!
thanks for bringing them over! Glad it was a hit.
"National Back to Church Sunday" is this Sunday 9/18..I'm bringing my friend James to Chi campus, how bout you?
sure is. Downtown is totally transformed for sxsw. It's crazy.
what grade you in?
I just want a whole Paisans pizza <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4>
Yes! I get that feeling all the time! I look at my twitter homepage and see 95 people following me! :-0
Your so KRAZY ! BUT FUNNY LOL
I really miss animal crackers!
Snowing in Clearview, REALLY?
#onceyou pop you can't stop
same here! Looking for a hotel now, any suggestions appreciated
ur tweets r very impowering 4 both women and men. I hope every1 of ur #Followers take heed to the info u provide. Thanks.
is mindless behavior coming to atlanta this summer?
Is in the mood to write long love letters today. Perhaps I'm being involuntarily caught up in the Valentines day marketing.
When you steal something.....don't ever try to put it back.
what the hell is wrong with my backround ...
What's montana's fan page??
I think the answer is 35 minutes past 54
I have had great luck with the reds & pinks by Pravana Chroma Silk Vivids. I only touch up about every 5 weeks. YMMV :)
Strategic thinkers are never predictable.
arranging events with folks like
whats good fam? thanks for the follow
Good Monday morning! Quote of the day - Everyone and everything around you is your teacher. Ken Keyes, Jr.
The Real Housewives of Disney: I'd watch it.
Use our 2 for 1 offer and bring a friend or colleague for free!
RT Be grateful for whoever comes, because each guest has been sent as a guide from beyond. - Rumi
a perfect person doesn't smoke,doesn't drink,doesn't cry,doesn't fail and doesn't exist
bad kitty.
I have too much time to think for myself
ps - thanks for the heads up :)
Working smarter and harder will take you further, faster.
288k for 1st. We restart tomorrow at 12 pm
I got my ipad !!
i know , i miss you and shelby . you guys are the only people i talk to and that doesnt even happen anymore
good morning alex!(: have an amazing day..{
my bitches always dtf !
ladies sushi and wine nights are part of a healthy diet haha ;)
haha me too! And no problem guys, love ya! :) when ya comin to MA (or PA for Kat), btw?! :p haha
i never get in fights so watching people get in some is dumb//funny lmao
#ff thinking this is phallic =======>
Operation #drunkdavid will commence in minutes!
watching survivor.
haha seriously, I'm so blonde! I told my friend we wouldn't get wet... Sitting in 'soak zone' Haha joke is on me :P
do we hav a delayed start tomorrow?
thanks! we hope you get to go on a trip soon!
Nice pic! Hope you have a great time at your #PROM!! Make it memorible! :)
Responded to FIRE @ 298 Main St, Catskill, NY 12414. Red Cross auto update.
Happy Monday Everyone!
it's always about the money!!
Nice, Barefoot has great beans. I miss going there every afternoon!
Consider following our site - www.homerlea.org and - to learn about an authentic American Don Quixote
I'm not trying to become a millionaire, but a man of value. (by me)
you can probably speak to 1k people & they all have screenplay ideas yet, won't say anything in fear of their idea being "stolen".
But the economy will remain ruined unless you personally watch every single spring/summer blockbuster movie!
Thanks for helping us spread the word! :)
i know right!!!!
Who is going to Gold Cup tomorrow?
I hate it when I get waken up by my drool hahaha
you work quickly...way to go!!!
The professor must have made a mistake in grade reporting. You actually made a 50/100. Resume your normal shafted gloom.
what time is it gonna be the ustream? :)
in a word: yes.
#Messi is ridiculous! Thinking we need to get him some GT. Goal scoring machine! Even Americans are paying attention!
Celebrating Dia de Las Madres with a good steak sandwich lunch and the family at
"I have no patience and I hate waiting..."
Patrice Petro being at a private university doesn't make you better. Scholars need to engage what's happening in public education.
We're looking for people to follow - are you an architect, builder, dealer or distributor?
Five solutions by could double production, cut environment damage in half.
I miss you
I love getting happy notes from audience members! "Excellent production. We had a great time. Thanks Mortar Theatre Co!" -Carol G.
Happy valentines day !!!!
Join Nikki at the Hill Country Galleria from noon-2pm for Snow Day. It’s the perfect opportunity to shop and have fun with the fam!
really needing comedy tonight
Well, hello March.
Bout to hit the beach with my fam. Times like now make me proud to be living where I live
I voted for Nicole Michelle. By the way Bre can you follow me babe this is Bobby Howard
My thanks go 2 god 4 waken me up 2 see another day -kuz niggaz a B here an gone da Next day Guddaz}v
U ride for me , i have no choice but to ride for u .
Teens on Laptops + Electric Slide=Good times.
have the weirdest feeling that somethings gonna happen
Taxonomy sucks.
we're in the northeast and it is slow for us, too especially if creating a new grouping of photos
i love you :$
Good to be back in buffalo!
Can you add "Augie"to that?
I'll take that as motivation to keep decluttering. :) Are you feeling better?
People keep asking me y im always so happy...well I respond with y not?? as long as everyday you are doing somethong better fo urself!!
Who is this grout bully guy? And why is he yelling? Wish he was dead like billy mays
What if my bad luck with relationships exists..... because i didnt forward that chain letter in middle school??
today - student org fair in atrium; tomorrow - last info session for semester,12-1pm annenberg 5. thurs - deadline for london spring 2010!
Heading over to Laurelhurst Park at 9am for a FREE Baby Boot Camp Class! ...Where I'll Also Be Giving away a FREE Photo Shoot! :-)
awesome!! Thanks!
": two bitches unfollowed me. Ima find out right now who it was." Lol yo ass is funny
but I wish I never would have dated him, cause that when shit like this gets awkward..
Snow Hill senior finds niche
you a Nook owner? I have been considering and debating....
An excellent photo essay
i just wrote a fan mail to her like 2 years ago and finally i got it yesterday in the mail, CANT BELIEVE IT :)
Building a house on a rock is building a house on solid faith. Building a house on the sand is building a house on weary faith.
no sweat. I had fun! Stay in touch.
I Hate School!! >.< #NowPlaying - WMYB Best track to listen to before going to class! :D x x x x x x
#oomf is looking like a 10 today. If not at least a 9.9!!
Why does Johnson know everything about anything? No wonder he doesn't want people asking him questions .
I love clear flow...
thanks man! I copied you on camping trip to CO email, hopefully you can fit that in, I'm going to press Grisha to go
Ohio bound!
who wanna put money up on a game off one on one
[Expiring] One- or Two-Hour Unlimited Arcade-Game Package at Game Time (Up to 67% Off)
Great day of taping my new pilot to pitch to the networks
Damn its 43 outside damn global warming
Making these doc/dentist/dermatologist appointments...I'm confusing myself lol
Tomorrow is my appt at health dept. Looking forward to maybe getting some answers. I'm feeling like a zombie today. :/
Under your tutelage I am flourishing! THanks for the share! I <3 u!
RT : Today in 1962, Brian Epstein became The Beatles manager. His first directives: "Get haircuts and no more leather jackets"
That's that shit I don't like
What's ur most fav fat burner?
Too young too care.
I am grateful today for my ability to speak, think, listen, and feel. What are you grateful for?
#ILostMyVirginityTo an older woman. Thank you Kate. You were great.
Hello to my #SuperFriends in #Indonesia!! Very warm welcome to Family! Have fun with #iPhone game!
GRAND SLAM!
THINKIN BOUT CHANGIN MY TWITTER TO Loverboi_VS_Me do you like
Ugh the times at work when you wana punch your employee!! But what does it look like.when the boss gets fired for beating they ass?
Hm stereo live tonight?
Where are u?
GL: 'People who control nothing will be blamed for everything." quotes Malcolm X: make a new model of racism every year. this year: AZ...
Let's get those bartenders up here.
nope still alive n kickin lol your just outta the loop apparently
If you're trying to make your EX jealous obviously that means you still care.
So I'm @ the movie theater with the Fam and after one finish we go to the other one is that wrong for jumping from one to another and anoth…
How many people can fit in a twin bed
We have a "non-journalist" at our helm, and he's been *excellent*. Frankly, I appreciate the perspective.
My obsession with detachable faux-fur collar continues. They're so great for changing up the look of my winter jackets-->...
'would Ariel hurry up so I don't have to do this anymore.'
From the comcast rep: "We can't send you anything to your new address since I just closed your account. But the post office is working OK."
"The book is realistic. It's not amateurish, nor does it seek sympathy." Anne Meek, Cultural Alliance of Greater Hampton Roads
That was scary seeing cars flipped over, people crying, lights flashing all around
Why is Dad (killer sax player & businessman) trying to park his Taxi at the front door of formal event we're playing. LMAO at his swag!!
happy to provide you newbie friendly tutorial videos at Article Marketing. Get the latest Article Marketing Tips for free :-)
Anytime my friend!
okay :D got my girlfriend over.... gona be an awesome day ;) <3
What's a "punter" ?? #Oliviers2012 #britishism?
Joe Flacco ranked higher then Romo, Joe Thomas & Vince Wilfork
& if you don't believe in me , just believe in He .
thank you!! We'll try not to bore you!
LOL RE: When I think of what it means to respect a woman. I think of this song.
Today will mark the 7th day in a row I will be doing my #LakeCalhoun rounds - Spring is here #MN spring is here!
Meek Mill swag crazy on the tracks... s/o Marcell hit put me on back wen he was a flamer
is there an organization behind it?
The day seems pretty nice besides this annoying wind.
jen! we got the new twitter on here :(
I think it's going to be that helps me cross into a larger audience. The question now, is simply, how...
My account has been hacked. For everyone that got a direct message from me, it wasn't from me. Sorry and please disregard it. Thanks!
Is your phone broken girl? Congrats on the big game. We, apparently, couldn't pull it off.
enjoy your weekend too!! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7> follow us back!
Kings don't swat flies the have fly swatters
i also believe that.
Any political rep. who does the bidding of the Koch Bros. Rove, ALEC, etc. should be put on trial for treason against the people of the U.S.
"Make things as simple as possible, but no simpler." --Albert Einstein. This is one of my favorite quotes from the brilliant man.
yes, open class
hurry and get here!!! RT “: Almost to Carmel!! Can't wait for a weekend on the beach with , and !!”
The proper hashtag is
Watching GoDaddy Super Bowl ads never bothered me until this year, when my kids were actually old enough to process what was going on.
My boyfriend. Formerly known as my iPad. Ha! #nerdsdoitbetter. I kid. I kid.
Young people tell you what they are doing, old people what they have done and fools what they wish to do. -French
shit & if huntermark got on it it would have been a done deal & you're dad called me huntermark lol I was like wtf
Greatest entrepreneur is the guy who sells out his crotch to be kicked for a fee. A sliding scale, disposition dependent.
It was necessary. Unhealthy obsessions....hahaha. I love you
To the igloo to the sleigh, to the sleigh. Sweat drops down my paws and all us female dogs.
Also John, thanks for all you do...Solidarity brother!!!
There is no success inside walls of doubt and apathy
Logging out for a bit. Everyone be safe.
Just locked myself out of my place. What an idiot!!
Thank you so much!!! Xo
Glad to here you don't get migraines anymore. How much water do you drink each day? Increasing it will probably help...
Jamison has also worked with local crews on her shoot locations, which she finds makes the film even more about the people in the country
then how bout you dance to it Halia?
Go to www.freekshowradio.com
TRAFFIC ALERT: Semi fire 90 NB near MM132/133 near Anderson and 51. Use caution in area.
You're very welcome!
Thank you I'm quite passionate about it. :-)
Dreamed I blasted to yoga on rollerblades. it was like the rollerblade scene in D2: The Mighty Ducks // foreshadowing 4 future adventures.
#ireallywant to have a day with One Direction just me and my 3 directioners with them to have fun with them be free maybe catch a# ha
COME JOIN US BEFORE & AFTER THE GAME FOR DRINKS...DJ...FUN!!!!! SEE YOU TONIGHT!!!
Yeah, that makes two of us!
... It's on channel 709
All the world's a stage: Noticing life's musical sounds bit.ly/pZAzPF
I actually hit a few balls this afternoon...I think ill keep passing out drinks.
yes, decided to start one for my freelance gig eventually it will be my only account.
Bad call, costs TFC huge!!!!
Recorded WBEZ interview w/ sore throat, fueled only by cupcakes. Sugar-high, chain-smoking truck stop waitresses love libraries.
Nice!!! Absolutely! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Hope everyone is checking out my boys and A. Smith on
I've got a first draft of that script for Death Proof around here somewhere a buddy from UTA gave me. Quentin is m'man
- Thank you for the RT! Bill Nelson is a good man for Florida.
I wanna go to the park
I'm into you
Anyone up for getting lunch?
I follow you already. lol
Neapolitan ice cream was made for people who can't make a decision. Come on people -decide something, even if it's wrong.
Thanks, Melanie! Glad you enjoyed it.
Going to Barney's to get a candle
how has larry not been seriously caught like making out yet im not even joking.
haven't been at the computer today but I will.
RT : "Bicycling is a social sports - so social media compliments us well"
Not riding your shopping cart to the car is the first sign of depression
You're welcome mrs triplett for basically a new pencil sharpener.
like me lol
Happy Mother's Day Brie!
Great to see the energy in MSG tonight. Heat are shaken by it a bit.
Congrats Riley, you deserve it, (sniff) we will miss you in Portland!!
And that damn song is STILL in my head.
see ya there :)
:) Excited!! I'm gonna get a color and awapuhi hair treatment and maybe a haircut...you still down for Saturday? Shopping! Woot
GENIUS. That & that one moment with Thor had me in stitches. Brilliant timing.
The way you did this tweet made me laugh.
Finally done with this homework..
#OriolesMagic Another win!
Thinking about hosting business planning workshop at local community colleges. Need to develop the syllabus. Great op to sell some books!
Hi Ryan can you please say hi to Sparklyrebel98 she won't stop talking about you
so true!
12/14 stop by Broadway Bar for The Magic Hour featuring a rotating line up of LA's best DJs playing a different genre of music each hour.
It's hot af!
Let those who underestimate your weaknesses see how strong you can be with God.
Article looks great - and, for the record, four drink days before 9:55pm quickly become nine drink nights.
Well you may be right,but he is not going to show up for Training camp either.
Back on track
my my my!!! go ahead Pastor!!
I can never be happy...<U+E403>
Battier back in the day could actually hit an open three, particularly in the corner... he's just zilch on the offensive end now.
please share if you do find it!
Elizabeth knows why. Smh
"Hoosiers" is highly thought of, but an even better film might be made on Crispus Attucks's 1954 team.
Scored a job interview tonight!!! Excited
Wanna be a rockstar in all you do? Check out his videos are awesome, too! ://lnkd.in/XjNPbB”
well, keep us posted...
This sucks! should have won!I love you
@ #Cenation the rock rules
tell your dad I said thanks! and look out for the dog line this summer :)
I love The Guardian, but they sure leave out a lot of a's, and's and the's on a regular basis.
We are so honored! Thx for following!
lol my mom always tells me that too
#ogw But dumping data in one place makes it possible for many creative minds to innovate with the data -- not just the data owner.
thanks bud!!!
Rula Bula is the Irish pub in Tempe where the release party for Tricked will take place. 3 hr fan party.
talk to me mahomies, ask me question.. i'd love to answer/talk to you <U+2665>
Comedy show next Sun. #Showtime starring Buckwild, Smokey, & Friends hmu for tix
#newb just did his first twit!
Thanks. And absolutely we should! Miss ya too
you going to hang out with us
RT : Tony Bennett was running out of players, but his team still found a way to win Tuesday nite in Blacksburg:...
I need to watch that show and see what all the fuss is about
....and on the people he used in sweat shops to dazzle the world with his gadgets. Not worth it.
You might not want to admit that there are facts known, but there is quite a bit. Sorry, but your boy is WI's own Blago.
I hate ruining everything
did you say wine? Yes, please ;)
Showw me a god time
Hey Everyone! Don't forget to check out T-shirts!
your girl is here
Im tweaking right now?? It could be the four hours if sleep
RT : Punxsutawney Phil saw his shadow. Six more weeks of winter takes us right up to NFL free agency.
you need to follow me so I can DM you
You should submit the question on Sporting Explore so we can credit you with points!
Every time you call my name I want to kill myself you're so annoying
“: Can I take a Fish hook in the urethra over watching the Golden Globes..!!!”
Always two sides to a story so dnt bring that pitty shit
Oh my gosh :) :) please be over like now pleaaasee
Absolutely! We've got (3 main card events!) What are your picks?
ha! well played.
There's no way I can pay you back But the plan is to show you that I understand You are appreciated
Good night everyone. Got a long writing night ahead. Tweet dreams.
Looking forward to working with you!
It is sad that our first reaction is to wonder who Sam Hurd's customers for cocaine and marijuana were on the Dallas Cowboys.
Happy Anniversary !!
TjMax therapy session with
I'm being watched.
I would pay money to watch that game.
Damn the LA RIOTS bring back crazy memories.
what's your name again?
lmaoooo I love it!!!
Camera 1... Hot chick. Camera 2....nervous chick.
i have no idea. but where are you?
Sarah your perspective on & #boston #startup is invaluable. THX!
Tell me shaq is wearin this red sweater right now. He looks like a giant cool aid man.
I do not want to go to school today.
Just chilling at work..gettin off at 3 n then some madden time.Damn can't wait for nba 2k11.. gonna b sick
if you are delayed at newark and want to do radio interview let me know
Hey iOS and Android programmers... Is there anyone out there who can help me with a possible FLips app? George ->
i wished for nothing beyond her smile, an to walk with her thus, along a sun-warmed, flower-bordered path
1 in 5 American children lives in poverty.
ouch I feel your pain!
": ...or good ideas always start out as a bad decision?" Either way with Whiskey it will be more fun! Happy Snow Day!
Mark Lyons not returning to Xavier. Kind of surprised, kind of not. Best of luck to Mark.
All you people who hack into other peoples twitters/blogs/facebook. Get a life!
Run For Your Life
Small minds think small time¡
Thank you :-)
what's the contest?
and beer, you forgot beer.
Mad props 2 's host for the NH Primary. She's a real trooper wading through calls. She clearly cares about cspan's role in this mess.
8-) No. If the blue pill is reality, and the red pill is virtual reality, then the purple pill represents augmented reality.
friends tithes benefits
best friends are the best they don't care if your the most normal person on earth or the wierdest person in the world that's why i love them
Bruce, I see it as Google's answer to compete with Facebook. #blogchat. It's cool.
I need a banging ass restaurant to try in San Juan. That mamas kitchens type shit!
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed may the hoes be exposed tonight
Our "Rock n Roll Icons: Photographs by Patrick Harbron" #exhibition is now OPEN! Don't miss amazing images!
DJ Cyn Spinnin @ The MLT!! Its Whiskey Wednesdays!! I start in a few!! Hope 2 C U!!
Really hate when I wait all day to see if you'll text me first and it doesn't happen...
people people, please follow shes jealous of how many followers i have c;
before you know it, he'll be up there with me in tweets lol
Tell a friend about us?
finallyy finished my homework. still have to clean and other stuff-_-
Yo chick she so thirsty
I think I'm at my most adorable while saying to myself 'I'm nightblind, be careful! I'm nightblind, be careful!' and then I fall over a dog.
Getty leadership in arts management recipient at AFTA - next gen of arts leaders
Are they going to have some sort of Mad King Aerys flashback scene? They've pretty much avoided all flashbacks so far.
lls GD morning Hun:) good show lastnight. Really enjoyed myself can't wait for tonight .........
Lol! RT : Dear Websites that automatically play loud videos, thanks for trying to get me fired!
*Sniff sniff* Oh, hello, Allergies. If I roll over and assume the fetal position now, will you promise to take some pity?
thats lame .. lol is it even any good anyway
Did Amanda Seyfried and JLo pick the same Oscar dress? Both in Armani Prive
Working on a new video.... Everyone is invited to be a part of it. More info to come.
When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I haven't tried before.
that was a fitting end 4sho. It was as raw a roast I've seen, nothing off limits. #winning indeed
I have lost 10 pounds in three weeks with no diet change 100 percent all natural
Claiborne's low test score just gives critics and media something to analyze. Prediction - it won't affect his draft position at all.
yes i can
he's been weeping back here..
The on & off rain <<< ATL got my outfit all confused
Maradona & Charles Barkley = highest entertainment value of retired athlete in all sports
I wanna hear you on the radio soon! Get on it!
#Digitour2012 was Awesome! & are so nice. I had a wonderful time.
Happy 4th everyone lol no fireworks for me boo :(
your personal twitter? wow. that stinks.
This Satuday the Drama unfolds even more Landon? David? our Nations Capital!!!?? what does all this mean??!!
Thank you for the RT! :)
I Couldn't Believe Still Remember The Shirt We Had ! : ) In Elementary School
Wondering why Twitter thinks I need to "discover" Beyonce. Perhaps Twitter thinks I dwell beneath a large rock.
With weather like this + it being a Thursday night .... You know it's going to be a great night on Milwaukee Street! Insane Sushi!
#freesh1t hands down the best episode is with Chris in the patriotic wolves shirt with dungeon siege prizes!
wonder how many hockey "experts" had the Rangers, Devils, Kings & Coyotes as the last 4 teams alive when they made preseason predictions?
bell gardens a back house high tower is my roommate
I built this body....doo..be..doo.....I built this body on BROC & KALE!
Snow is now falling in most areas of Denver, 1-4 inches are expected today with an additional inch on Friday.
Thank you for the shoutout!
The Party's at Stone Brewing Co. Greg Koch's Petco Park condo in May issue of San Diego Home/Garden Lifestyles.
literally just spammed the heck out of niall..feeling a tweet limit coming on !
So glad you liked it! RT : Just read the Mama Makeover article in Sept issue; what a great inspiration!
if I wasn't in chicago I'd totally do that! Talking myself out of going to the mac pro shop al day!
Lastest IM Reviews Posts NEW TABLET PC REVIEW: HTC EVO View 4G Android Tablet - 32 GB - Dual Camera
: where at on campus?
Taboo2 Tonight Ladies Free All Night.
Disaster strikes hard, slaps you right in the face. Everything good that you knew now leaves a sour taste.
heard you'll be hosting the concert next week =)
performing live tonight at Lighthouse Missionary Baptist Church revival in Forest Park, Ga
Love it and wholeheartedly agree.
absolutely! Great meeting you as well. Looking forward to hanging at the summit!
damn yu bs'n!
oh hell yeah!
to make people think they are professional photographers?
Is it just me or does anyone else wonder who came up with #Belieber ?
i'm honestly so tired. school AND driving school kills.
he's been just so incredible this season and its only just begun!! <3 :]
Breakfast with Then SERFing.
DOES ANY ONE EVER SEE MY TWEETS?! RT if you do. :/ I feel like no one does.
Time for the dreadful packing smh
Happy long (and well-deserved) weekend to all our North American friends! Eat, sleep, drink, swim, tan, play, run, dance, work... rock on!
Send along the details when you have them, we'll put in our enews!
SUMMER BFD, DURHAM NC, CAMPING, and SANTA BARBARA <3 life.
Just starting to brew. Cookies, beer, BBQ, nomnom. Come on over! 1742 n Rockwell.
How rare is it for an NBA games leader scorer to only play 17 min? Or have 14 other guys play more min?
thanks for the RTs as well! Let us know if anyone responds to ya :)
u have a choice. u can throw in the towel or you can use it to wipe the sweat off your face.
Nice pic. I like it
oh lol then just wait for her :p
Michelle Bachman had dual citizenship with Switzerland and the US. She renounced the Swiss. #nobama CAN'T prove his citizenship ANYWHERE.
I have a great saying on my office wall: put the filter in the child, not on the technology.
OK Starcraft ranking is FUCKED....I lost both my placement matches and got placed 15 platinum :-O
slept in. had bacon & eggs & coffee. i take back all the terrible things i ever said about Hallmark Holidays. ;)
why am I picturing Chris Elliott in Groundhog day?
we played 2 good periods...it just was too late. I hope Philly and LA win today to pick me up
Scavenging fixtures & furniture at Borders to save MPOW some dough. More sustainable than buying new, too.
your not gonna see this but what do you think about that new boy band #asktoni .
All the world, every past & future, is reflected in a raindrop, falling ever free, then suddenly shattered by fate, in shocking silence.
Great effort-great results!!! Get it!
where exactly does the money raised go?
Since I came to work today instead of staying home sick I've been dying to know what Wendy Williams wig looked like today :(
thanks for the follows #teamfollowback #ifollowback stay tuned
lol i bet
that would be a amazing if you made a movie!<3 I would wanna be in it.(;
I'm a sucker for the parades lol. Especially the night one at the magic kingdom.
looking good
Thanks for rollin' our way, ! Always a pleasure to have you guys!
Thank you.
yes, you're infrastructure is built on tech developed in the 60s. time to get into the 21st century!
I'm Austin's bed:)
Jenn- dinner on sat was so much fun! glad we got to meet!
Hate seeing blind people trip...
Men forget but never forgive. Women forgive but never forget.
The Groupon is for two tickets.
I know, I just miss being able to feel it. lol
I don't always tell you that your slipping ...but when I do, its obvious that its true. Stay Listening my friends.
...lol. when i first read your tweet, i thought you had typed a wolf howl...i like! thanks for the compliment!
Children at the Journey House Milwaukee enjoyed a wonderful Breakfast With Santa this morning thanks to your generosity!
West village pillage
Slept for four hours, got up at four, finished all my homework, told to clean my room at seven, and crawl back into bed.
it was still hilarious!!
I'm gonna give you a lot of shout outs.
Don't fuck with other bitches cause them other hoes are phony.
Thanks for the heads up. I've not read it; I know Bill, and he's pretty competent. Too bad about the book.
You probably wouldn't look as cool studying, Lamar, that's what. Thanks for the love - we'd be lost without you.
Those bottles are beautiful.
Who gonna take a kush break wit me?
follow she is my friend that was with me at the concert and she loves you too!!!
what happened to politics free Sunday?
“: 6......”----Ok Ci were heading into the home stretch! Let's show the world how Ci and the #Csquad roll.
It's Monday morning - that means off to the gym for my morning workout :-)
My friend said that onions were the only food that make u cry. That changed after I threw a watermelon at her face :)
What a fun-filled day yesterday! Padres game, a banquet & music fest at Citadel. Can't wait to get some pics up. Check for them on Monday
Having a month long battle with insomnia is not the business.
can I see your Johnson?
Don't judge if the only thing you know abt me is "My name"
is there anyway we can try to bring HL back?
sometimes the wrong choices, bring us to the right places!.....---
Get ready to play this summer with 's #BOGO 50% off summer essentials sale through May 13
sure can blame the Rs for the Buffet rule going down. Cloture needs 60, Ds dont have cloture-proof majority.
how can i forget that lol,
A strawberry, vanilla, pineapple sprinkle covered pie with whipped cream to the face on a hot and humid Miami day.
How could you forget about me???
ha ha okay what's her % ?
You are fantastic singer!
I'm so magnetizing that I've ruined 2 bank cards in about three weeks. This is getting old
A hoodie doesn't make you a criminal; a mike & TV audience doesn't make you a smart journalist/TV personality
i have been followin yah so wat do i get for tht?
The love that I was once craving for you has now FADED away.
coming to LV next week was considering Capo's Italian for dinner did you like it?
whaat?? that looks pretty crazy
don't think you're following me...so you should, and then tell everyone about ! this is my clothing company - Matt :)
Tryin' To Be There For June & July .
Fackiing perfect pink
Watch out we are growing Big...this month 500 users active
“: Andy budd. No self introduction. Starts with a story. Amazing way to kick it off. #idea10”
yum & for a quarter to boot. Thanks!
24 October 2011: Happy UN Day! Also, greetings to the newborn who became the 7 billionth person this week.
Why did it suck for you?
I read this. It is a good article. Timing is soo important!
It's weird to be at #SMCSea without my amazing and awesome friend , lady you are missed!
I can do that
Why am I up so early this is not normal for me
Let me go and try to clean house and get my mid off this matter..High stress...I need a moment. Love you all..
Kinsley's 1st birthday! Happy Birthday!
You just don't know how much I love that blue bear!
Playing records tonight with Dixie & Sean! Also will be there to serve up ding dong sauce!
Honest post on a horrific situation #PSU. Kids who were molested are the victims NOT Paterno. ow.ly/7qng2
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 7
Can't say I'm thrilled about that. The yakkers will take over the only remaining peaceful refuge.
got paid today. I wish I got paid today! Maybe he'll take is out to dinner !
Adidas are two real
Can you dress up as a purple unicorn?
Melanie Iglesias body is m!
Former Lobo MT : #Brewers regain the lead in the fifth. Minor-leaguer Rafael Neda with a leadoff 1B off Kershaw, then scores.
Democracy... just a dream?
got a fishbowlDC shout out, who could ask for more? :-)
Beautiful morning in GA today man
omg. We should have one soon. I miss you too.
Haha girls that are underage are so funny.
It's Sunday December 25, 2011 at 4:05 pm Central time and The Bears still suck
I figured you were really really curious about whether or not guys got full on tingly-feeling nervous obsessive crushes
i want a sampling keyboard. i wanna make jams now. right now.
I had a dream once that socks were really predators that ate feet... then again, maybe it wasn't a dream.. they hunger!
Max's hair in Beyond Thunderdome is awesome. He created the Glam-mullet/Dredlock/I haven't washed my hair in six weeks look.
yup it's official you <U+270B>'ed it lmao
got so hype today, he popped off his own helmet haha
How does this company manage to do any business? Their upload process is glacial! Not to mention confusing.
will be seen on Sundays next season.
Not going to lie, at this point I basically just use Facebook to get restaurant coupons. My 'Likes' can, and have, been bought.
Packages are not being delivered to my house. "Incorrect address", Not incorrect. Distribution center is NOT helpful. Very frustrated.
Congrats Josh & Cesar. The first to try out
#davidwest is a thug
Oh, by the way, regardless of the semantic debate of suspension/ending the quest for delegates-- #RonPaul or None at All
Cant stop wont stop
mixing a single
Yes ma'am music show... I'll try some Deathray
RT : is back up and we have added an rss feed as well as comment sections and new creatures!!!
He goes to !!
Happy Birthday Austin <333
sounds like a great idea to me!
thanks for the RT!
UGH! Don't know if I can do that Sun. Will take a look see. FYI- up for going out Sat. May 19th.
Just once on a cooking show I'd like someone 2 taste-test the completed dish scrunch up their face & say "Oh my God that tastes like shit!"
Looking for a bad ass eCommerce developer. Platform agnostic? Available? Then get at us.
I'm so pleased with President Obama's performance over the weekend I think we should make him an honorary citizen.
Why is not my boyfriend #channingwho?
Primary season in Fort Wayne & I feel compelled to vote for one of the coroner candidates. Forensic dentist > chiropractor in this case.
Those who matter don't mind and those who mind don't matter - do what makes you happy
Where tf is travis porter
lol, I don't remember. I got it for my niece who likes to "cook". Not sure my SIL approved of it, though. ha ha!
show em how it's done! #golobos!!!
Hey lady! Thanks for the follow. Vino soon-o
thanks 4 a great show & interview
“: not really...they don't have venom glands but their bites do agitate”oh ok thx for the info, we have plenty snakes here
Learn how neuroscience can add to the understanding of human construction of religious meaning in Religion and the Body, out now:...
my friends are always getting stabbed on the block. as if they where a magnet for knives.
ahh; that sucks bro i wouldve thought u had a job already, nd im still doiin the same
Pretty sure my last words are bound to be "fuck this shit." But your epitaph sounds good, too.
THAT should give them an idea how old the book is. Hope you photo shopped it.
Someone in my office is eating a huge ramen noodle bowl. I gotta admit it smells really, really good!
So my aunt thinks shes lesbian and got her girlfriends name on her chest o.0 its only been a month -.-.
#wcphilly: Open Source Support: Most ridiculous support ticket: someone wrote in a two paragraph rant agains the use of the word "Howdy…
If Valencia win at the Bernabéu tonight the Clásico at Camp Nou will quite possibly decide Liga. The sextuple is still alive.
Happy Mothers Day to all the beautiful mothers in the world. Enjoy Your Day!! All Smiles!!!! Muchlove!!!
How a dog going take care of a next dog ? Hmm!!! Lol
All the arts we practice are apprenticeship. The big art is our life.
Sisyphus throws a pizza party. RT How am I going to make it up this hill carrying all this pizza!
haha nice, I been looking for some new ideas to shed some
#YourCuteAndAllBut you said Austin can't sing. WHATS WRONG WITH YOU!?
I could reminds me of a black Britney spears
Sundays are whatever you want to make them. I am choosing to work!!
June 12, 1982 disarmament protest paper is part of my dissertation--maybe a couple of years until it's done. I'm happy to share.
4th quarter.. Bron gonna fold up.. This is your time Pacers
Epcot, with my family :) good luck on your 13.2 mile race mother!
today at noon, another , and discussion. Today's topic -
Step. Away. From. The. French. Bread.
My Favorite Mistake: Spanx Founder Sara Blakely - Daily Beast
Mine in eight days #Taurus RT : My birthday is two days away!!
How Did the Original JP Morgan Do It?
We sure will Miss Carbine.
#IfIHadThePower to eliminate poverty, i would
I would like to go on the record to say that I think the human (non-Muppet) actors in this movie do a great job.
back in late 90's Ravens beat writers always had good things to say about Hue Jackson, good for him and Oak fans
Last night I couldn't read before bed because my book kept rebooting. THE FUTURE!
Its the last friday until the end of the year and I couldnt be happier
Well-tilled garden bed / One white blossom misbehaves / Standing tall, laughing
You are a tremendous warrior and role model! Good luck with the next part of your life!
Leaving the RG. Happy and sad...tough game, Dallas was on fire! Here's to a long summer and warmer weather!
lol Andy I can't see the symbol
capped off a amazing long weekend in Chicago with the stomach flu. Ugh.
Watching River Monsters and surfing the web. Must be Sunday...
sorry you missed our State of Black Theatre event. I put it on blast. Next time. Blessings. cb
my parents are so dramatic.
I'm not gonna have any time to do my stupid fucking homework if we don't leave soon.
There is a time for everything And a season for every activity under the sun...
Dare to live the life you have dreamed for yourself. Go forward and make your dreams come true.
love the new album/mixtape Taylor Allderdice!
Your Welcome!
I am so blessed to have learned the lessons I've learned and travel the path I do.
RT : Jus ordered some D&G shit<U+E00E><U+E420><----I'm a rob u
Life's a garden, dig it!
I have a feeling my twittering is going to start falling apart now that I have to be productive all day.
“: Watched "Friends with Benefits" today...all I got to say: I'm in love with Mila Kunis...That is all!” Who Isn't?
fuck you all who hate on ICONIC BOYS they are greater than ever so u can lick balls
I JUST NOTICED ED SHEERAN WAS PLAYING ON PANDORA. LOL. I was sub consciously singing without knowing it. xD
That doesn't make sense! :3
and pls make the point that there have been tons of mplp case studies in the prof lit so I don't have to.
You don’t have to like me. I’m not a facebook status.
on my bed with me! Duh jajaja!
I try lol
Working on acting exercises with mr jackson! :-)
This one is for Pancho "Tony" Gonzalez and Amanda.
Squeeze! Rons got big balls!
You mean ? RT : Where's Allison?! #rumpusroom (@ Rumpus Room - A Bartolotta Gastropub w/ 5 others)
•...has had no continuous drop in value, such as paper currencies, for 2,600 years.
There are entirely too many cops out today <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0093>
"I'm not afraid of the dark, I'm worried about Schmidt. He's a Jew in the desert, I don't want him to wander." XD
The day is not complete until my hands smell like guitar strings.
May issue is available today!!
In the hope to meet Shortly again, and make our absence sweet. ~ Ben Jonson
Ur welcome hey do u know who's # this is (407) 404-4121
A BIG thank you to all of our awesome customers! Just got a box of chocolates and a thank you note for some recent shirts we printed.
Closed tonight for maintenance, cosplay rehab intensive.
thank you!!
What to do at 1am? :/
If you ever tweet "RT for a shout out" I'll throw up on your face.
That's more like it #orioles!
are you a zionist??
Do girls just get hit on all the time?
Consider joining your local public library! Libraries allow you access to books, films and the internet for no cost!
hahahaha :) this is why I love you!
Anti-aging treatments by dermal fillers aren't permanent, but they offer a great non-surgical alternative to surgical procedures.
Had without a doubt the coolest dream ever last night
We're serving up lunch @ our normal spot on 24th & San Antonio & we're also posted up behind the University CO-OP @ the Google Punch'd event
there is no god
When girls wear snapbacks <
RT “: Windows down, sporting blue and gold attire, listening to at the #IMS talking #pacers. It's May in #Indy baby!”
Another day the Lord has blessed us with. Thankful for those who sacrifice their lives for the freedom of our country
love her purple hair :)
Beanna. That's a cute couple name. (:
I'd like to help you out, which way did you come in?
I hope Ms. have a good night....
all I can say is payback will be fun lol
if you're not married what would you call them?
do you need a merch seller in Nashville? I'd love to help out any way I can! I haven't worked for you in years, I miss it!
you should! =)
what's a lens cap? Isn't that what UV/haze filters are for?
Buzzfeed called; they want their etc. etc.
All i do is get cheese, like im takin pictures.
like the new pic!
Just sent a kik message to Answer me back bro.
:) RT : We are the weather is perfect and the wine is sublime, cheers!
Marie Curie's notebooks are still radioactive. Researchers hoping to view them must sign a disclaimer. (via )
Honored to have you as a sponsor this year! Many thanks for your support!
Pipe down LaGreca!!
Woo-hoo! | “: On my way to morning news 2 talk FREE NYC ACTIVITIES FOR your KIDS spring break STAYCATION!”
We might get a compensatory pick late in next yrs draft
It's art, of course.
oh lol. Well I don't have a reason to not like you so...
you were right about Awake :( RT : NBC cancels Awake, Bent, Are You There Chelsea?, and Best Friends Forever.
yea i guess hahaha CM Punk my diet soda!! :)
Busy day today..let's get it!!
I WATCHED A DOCUMENTARY ON THE ULTIMATE WARRIOR TOO!
i wish i had a gatorade<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Lara, you're so nice. I was going to say to steal their stapler or something. Or maybe readjust their chair.
It's real frustrating to me, I always thought id sober up for a girl, 100% clean living, wasn't worth 2 cents
Going to be watching a Rivers Edge in HD thanks to netflix instant - very excited er stoked!
circa survive. OMG. Love! <3
school tomorrow .__.
Cool :) Always be willing to learn something new. I honestly thought a lot differently about the world until I traveled.
where are you? You disappeared :(
Thank you love. <3 RT : better to be early than late ..get that worm boo! Good vibes ur way
- Having a Pitch Count Contest for CC on our FB page! Giving away Yankees apparel to the winner! www.Facebook.com/Chasing800
oh my gosh I am actually so EXCITED :)
Pic was posted by in front of #gdpilarhi ship!
Maybe he'll get on the BJCP style committee. Every style will finish with "moderate to strong phenols are appropriate."
oh yeah kinda my new drink.
I guess you're my favorite tweeples lol. Enjoy the weekend
What kind of beats?
My 2000th tweet goes out to my other supportive friends who have thought of me and made sure to text me like <3
Nice! I'm sure the print will look great. I love this canvas.
apparently when you want to make a point about something you did you insert the word bitch.
I'm eating a banana right now ! :D
thanks dude! Lol
He says "it had nothing to do with me! It was all the post office's fault!" Sorry buddy. The post office isn't the one who didn't notify me.
All children are artists. The problem is how to remain an artist once you grow up. - Pablo Picasso
some door guy talked smack to me. There are too many bars out there to take any guff from their staff and keep going back.
Sadly there is no mirror or other download path to get #coldfusion installers, well not legally.
alright, im here. What it do plair?
This Chicken Express on POINT!! Why have I never had this, in my 7 months of it being down the street?!!!
So asked their fans to tell them who to bring on tour. So we want you to tweet/comment on their FB telling them Coyote Theory
the Eagle Has Landed... The Chicken is In the Pot... The Cat is Outta the Bag... The Cow Jumped Over the Moon...!
Failure is only a temporary change in direction to set you straight for your next success.
In what pookie :(
at least you can see color when you cook:-)
Only #7DaysTillBoyfriend cant wait !!
talk to me soon;)
Interesting #CakePHP behavior: $this->params['pass'] matches the Router::connect pass array order. Huh. Not sure how I feel about that...
that is cool carly, u rock!!
Why argue when I Can just puff on this Dank?
Im Shoot Ths School UP !
This cloudy weather makes me sleepy.
Hales: "Citizens want us to focus on basic services."
Grab a cooler and a six pack and come join us at summerstage in Central Park. 8pm - good times.
miss you to and I will <3
thanks..I've got it already.You just can't get how dangerous it is in here.The country seems to be large, but is very useless.
what video
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 67
RT : How to get followed by me: 1) FOLLOW 2) Retweet this 3) Tweet me a smiley :D
RT : Goodmorning beauties and beasts!!! Take a minute to thank HIM^
Sleep is the only project that I'm getting ready to work on right now.
so that works like Skype right? Miss you both, btw!!
minus the bitter right? Mistake I assume
based off the 6am photos looks like today is power cleans, kbs and... box jumps?
tebow passes to Mcgahee and there going to try to kick it. thats going to be a 45 yard field goal and its no Good.
Good work in ground defense class tonight. See you Saturday for #MMA Conditioning.
I amazed at the amount of rage
omfg i need the biggest favor from you, like NOW !!!!
“: Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again.” #true!
what else would you call it?
Blackberry coming soon to Boost Mobile! $249.99 Curve 8300
so can i get a REFILL,can i get a REFILL,can i get a REFILL! EYAE!
lmao jasmine will get knocked out
RT : Coming up this Saturday, 1:30 @ MplsCtrl Library: Taiko Drumming w/ ! Get a taste w/this YouTube clip:...
I have heard everything on #Packers.com including picking up #Tebow if he becomes a FA and turning him into FB. #Tebow in #TitleTown?
Will definitely have to review today's #kloutchat!
Matt Roark is the Harry Potter of UK football.
should be a great concert...with BT &H right?..
It's not about #data; it's about #analysis and
Writing an annotated bibliography, lalala.
We got a full week of workouts ahead at Another big weekend coming up for our players. Working to get them ready!
they always said how their gonna get "loud" and they threw "hoists" instead of parties!
Going somewhere #warm & #sunny for #springbreak? Head over to in #thepearl for all of your cute #swimwear needs!
11:11 wishes do one true I wished that my video would upload &&IT DID IM THE HAPPIEST GIRL IN THE WORLD RIGHTNOW
maybe I should sign my job market cover letters with "Your most humble and obedient servant" or "I am, &c."
yes we will !
What do you all #newplay folks suggest as a way to make the past hour readable / accessible?
*Sigh*this boy has got me....<3
I dont see how people can travel by themselves. Especially international !
I really wish I could take off work for days as such... RT : Tomorrow is gonna be so insane, I'm scared already.
My father insists on calling my dog "the black poo"
them's fighting words. Especially coming from a knicks fan.
Only half of PurpleAires is wearing concert stuff. Ohwelllllll
Lots of work yet to do, have a productive evening where ever you maybe. We are striving to help as many people as we can! more in a bit...
My cats freak me out! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
#SOMEDAY yu will see this tweet.. Will that #SOMEDAY me now? <3 5
I finally hit my first full house of the day and the deck is fouled (extra card) and all player's money is refunded.
Excellent point about the STC magazines. Yes, I like having them in hardcopy, but let's jettison them now and go online.
Very cool.
No no man I'm telling you the dolls character is British. It was made by a Japanese women in the 70's you are right ab that.
I'm still dumbfounded by the illusions I saw at the Magic Castle last night. Nathan Gibson was ridiculously good.
if u need a dj, promoter or host for any parties....let me know!!!!
Kentucky. Good game. you have a great team.
writing about <U+4E24><U+6761><U+817F><U+8D70><U+8DEF> and <U+6837><U+677F><U+620F> for a final paper, naturally.
RT : Aloha recovers fumble and takes it in for TD. PAT no good. Aloha 6-3
Wasting time trying to solve problems that I made in my head
Lake & Forest Club. My great-grandma lives out here, so we can go tubing whenever we want basically.
It's better to have loved and lost than to get leprosy and have to live on one of those colonies, losing limbs left and right.
Male Child Sexual Abuse is the elephant in the room that must be identified instead of ignored.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything. -Mark Twain.
LOL no one cares
Worry about. I will send you a message with some links about Buenos Aires from my blog. :0)
Dwight wants until the end of next year. He can demand a trade until he is blue in the face. We have him locked up.
Aw, i miss it too! Lol fun times xD
Glad to be back after a week. Hope all our friends on twitter have been well
I can think of several Kroger's in C-bus that match that description...The 1st to come to mind is sort of in Bexley.
"Leroy's Hands...The Gallery" coming to the Crossroads soon. Stay tuned!
Love hanging with - dopest dude ever.
Espinosa is no where close. Back to the minors.
FYI - even tho I love zombie movies and genre, Zombie Honeymoon is so not worth the time.
Super excited! just scored us tickets to see #cirquedusoleil tonight! hooray free #ovo :)
Enjoy discounts at restaurants with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
Depression Throughout Menopause
and of the PKD I've read previously, all great stuff. Will look into your suggestions
picture please
HMNS' 'Titanic' exhibition all but takes visitors aboard the real thing - Your Houston News
RT FUN MOVIE SCREENING ALERT: DARK SIDE OF OZ plays this Friday, October 23rd @ 8pm INSIDE
Next 5 to follow me get SOLO SHIUTOUTS!!!
Ughh I hate stress
Sean Carter Is Nicee; But Sean Price Is The Best<U+2665>
Got jammin' in my phones today. raping my ear puss, and in no way is that bad!
Hey a P90X reference! Nice!
got the tux, got the girl, got the crazy whip, got the green. hell yeah you better know its prom!
I do want to say QPR played their guts out and with only 10 min. Consolation they stay in premier league with Bolton Draw.
My straightener broke........
Sad to be leaving NM, but I desperately need some sleep.
but she had those budget workshops. I'm sure those were open forms for feedback, not a PR exercise, right?
send me ur email
The theme you picked is a winner :-) Super-clean and uses space well. Kudos!
RT : #cloudcamp #Bangalore kicks off with record number of attendees
knows that works really well for me!!!! Hi Adam! Hugs to you boo boo!!!!!!!
Just found out one of my fav uncles from my step moms side passed away today and that my goal has cancer again :/
xD not really. It's just a joke. My voice messages on xbox are nearly 15 seconds of saying whore. I call everyone a whore. :P
I missed 11:11 :( but I was wishing for a follow #illkeeptrying :(
Y do they just play romeo must die n menace to society on vh1 shit is gettin repetitive
Darn Andre. Nice pass. #Blazer fans missed those this year.
I wrote a brief article about this- apparently Firefly is inappropriate but Deadpool isn't....
email me biz at tshirtoutlet.com
Prescription Assistance is here! check us out @ www.rx2you.com
I'm not sure. They were in the middle of the shift when I was in.
Wow. Sweet potato fries sound perfect today, don't they? Time to order from Pizza Shuttle! 289-9993
White vans, no socks
NIce to know you. Looking forward to your tweets!
I couldn't care less what Axl Rose does!
How can Nick Young ball in foamposites? Those shits are so heavy and uncomfortable to ball in.
It smells like vitaman pee in the office
“: Gym grind with and ..beast mode” superset till you can't give no more.. Then go again!
The more you lie, the more you have to remember. Be impeccable with your word and people will respect you
...let it rain over me...
don't worry, he is working on yet another one for marketing technology.
People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine. Brian Tracy
We're now at $1400 with only 2 minutes to go!
is it me or did i put these rapper bitches on the map again, u just mad cuz i went to the grammys wit tha vatican
Flat tire =
Try our Pizza of the Day! Pork Lovers with Ham, Bacon, Sausage. Just $12.00! Free order of Toasted Ravioli to those that mention this Tweet.
All I wanna know is why her?
Very wonderful, indeed!
Great book for people who wish to be more enlightened!
Kevin Prince Boateng You are My favorite soccer player I am your #1 fan please retweet me on me wall
Lets hope not!!! LOL RT : . Earl clark is gonna be the next lamar odum!
Made it to Dallas safely. Next time I'm flying
NEW Tweep Shoutout! Great connecting w/ many at
MT : ...I am suddenly seized with a desire to promote #treasures as the hashtag for embarrassing #specialcollections stories.
#genderequality to me is respecting others regardless of the decisions that they make regarding their gender.
thanks! That's my reminder to register. You plan to be there on Saturday?
Thanks you too :)
Would not be against coming in for bryzgalov.
well they r awesome!
Unorganized ppl mane. pitiful
In #Gwinnett where Duluth city leaders decided to hold off on proposal to let ppl drink alcohol outdoors downtown. Details at 11...
Keep A few Bad Bitches In My Circle
yes you can. There have been legal cases like that.
exactly. i don't care about the colour, but the courts themselves in monte carlo and madrid seem to be problematic this year.
Make your own Monday! Let us know what kind of wine you like and we build your tasting 4 for $14. Enjoy.
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. - Theodore Roosevelt
Bill Clinton admits to attending 1991 Bilderberg Meeting | Small ...
The lightbulb thing is already an eye-rolling joke to most Americans.Same with algae,the Volt,and solar.They see the sanctimony.
Reflect on what you want to achieve in 2012. What steps need to be taken to attain this goal?
First jv soccer game today!
bday shout out to my nigga
Did u see was mentioned on Essence.coms interview with Jill Scott? Try the shealoe leave in 4 softer
did you catch and I on Inside Edition yesterday? #massageetiquette story
when you a rapper you get beef imma make the first dis track about you let's have fun ctfu
Love many, trust few.
Hey , if you were a man, I'd punch you. Punch you right in the mouth.
I'm trying to close my "enthusiasm gap" before the end of the month...
pari sez: I heart walking into my office & seeing happy plants on my desk! Our plant techs are awesome! Now I know how our Client's feel : )
thank you!!
i've never met a wordcloud i've liked
im back for quarterly tweeting and i didnt even have you to remind me!
Thats whats up! We got u Sunny! The Official Artist of
Hippie Lettuce
That's an impossibility. :)
My daddy wasn't around my farther figure was too short
5-hour nap completed. What day is it now?
Are you still getting that same issue when trying to update your profile?
Tempted to watching Walking Dead finale w/o Will, but I don't want to bear the horrors alone. Aw, screw it. WD, here I come.
I dont care how old you are...when the ketchup bottle farts, its funny.
No matter what they do to you; rise and rise again and take your freedom.
On my way home. What's everyone up to?
We offer clients housing referrals and and one-on-one mentoring services
We're working on a new hotel feature that should be live in the next few days! Yep, soon you'll be able to book hotels only - fab getaways!
Sitting in schhol reading Speak. Good book for us too read. (:
#3WordsOfAdvice think before speaking.
Club Saga!!!! This Friday Pops Off Another Bad Ass Night!!! #1 Spot Dont Miss Out!!!
i have a feeling Simon Cowell wouldn't appreciate my talents
YOU ARE SUCH A NERD.
Are you into the 80's and #running? Then you better be at this! We are looking for participants and vendors for this unique run and party!
YES... Great exposure. Thank you for the love, support & exposure.
Teriq Mirza and Hans Sperle, two fathers that should be here today but aren't!
Lift time!
If i wasnt so obsessed with #photography im pretty sure i would be in space right now.
~ Thanks for the follow, love!
Air fuel used by US troops in Afghanistan, by the time it is shipped there, costs ~$1000 a gall. 4 in 5 troop casualties supply chain rel'd.
Excited to be back at it tonight - Episode 66 coming to an internet near you soon! Got any thoughts/questions/comments you'd like us to air?
brb. going on
Fun! RT Come check out the condiment making workshop tonight! 730 in the basement of the crossing; ketchup, soy sauce, mustards
Thank you for following!
is spending the morning working on some awesome projects for #virginia #author ! what is everyone else up to?
off to Orlando wish me well ... all work and a lil play ..... i am going to see if i can take photos of all this madness
Good racing boys!!! Thank you :-)
Oh you're wearing a TapOut shirt? How's that MMA career coming?
Best of luck to all the runners in the marathon today. Be safe and stay hydrated.
Second day of our Tree Identification project done. Next week work on making their multimedia project.
wow RT Saints suspensions: Jonathan Vilma out for year. 3 games for Scott Fujita, 8 for Anthony Hargrove, 4 for Will Smith.
Have a fun and safe trip!
I'm thur there when I get done grilln
My girlfriend has the best ideas sometimes.
haha whatever! Travis is what? 27? Travis is old! Hahaha *cough* *cough* hahaha love y'all c:
Live your life until you find love cause loves gonna get you down.
After all that talk! Come and relax at Salute. Tonight we have half off all wine bottles.
Jealous of my boy he up at my future place of employment workin hard to get that startin spot!!
It don't make no difference to me, you believe what you want to believe.
“ You think Bynum ready for that? RT : Kobe starting to look too old this needs to be bynum team”
#suckfest tomorrow!!! Go see !!
#everyblackneighborhood has a singers, rappers, dancers, doctors, lawyers, dealers & inventors just like the White, Latin & Asian 1's
Home from a fun staged reading of a fab new play at SPS Showcase. I just love reading new plays and help them grow and become real. :-}
nightmares & dreams.
not a "literature review?" I think MA does research on the research
Just found you yesterday, Daryl Hall fan 30+yrs. EP 40 Todd Rundgren is my favorite thing I've ever experienced. Thanks & Aloha
I could not be prouder of the man from my alma mater right now, but am sad that I wont have a repeat trip w/ my stees Super Bowl buddies
the way you talk about yourself in #thebookofsoul is astonishing. #TDE all day. keep being a hippie.peace and love
“: y'all niggas ugly”<< Nigga you ugly!
I'm a daddy's girl... No shame in my game lol
I get that but too many out at home. RT : what do you think about contact play there? Prevents double play so.
Got a car wash just to encourage the snow to show up.
Congrats! RT : thrilled to announce Data Without Borders now == DataKind! Follow us !
not at all, it's great. Go get it girl
99% sure I just saw a UFO. Where are you when I need you..? :)
Hump Day Thursdays @ One Up W DJ HUMP Every Thursday Night DJ Hump will be Playing a Live mix of Top 40, Hip Hop, and Old School
With those legs how can you not have a date? Guys will be lining to smooch you. If not come find me ;)
Im as happy as a clam,on the ocean,a big wave picks me up now I am floatin'.I don't need a spokesman.When the waves get rough,I keep hopin'
by the way, Thursday is party day, so better put your party pants on!
God bless you always, but particularly on this Mother's Day. Thank you for sharing your beautiful family with
Really? It says I'm waiting for you? Haha
that's a startling line - what's the book?
I really hate the smell of cigarettes...
if it hasn't crashed it must not be popular enough.
I blog, therefore I am
private message :P
Aquaculture forum Tuesday in Eureka
Have u ever realize ur so call Haters thats always hating on u R usually the less 4tunate 1's aka the chicken heads,scrubs & the losers
Done Sexy
No space then leave the place
That Zooey Dechanel iPhone commercial infuriates the hell out of me.
Just figured out how to put pictures on this bitch
Our most popular service is #pinup #photography, where we photograph women in a variety of sexy costumes and settings in our studio.
I don't wish to be everything to everyone I wish to be something to someone.
you tell em baby!!!
My internet browser is showing me ads for things in both New York and Wisconsin. It must know me well.
One black and white cow Converses deeply with grass In the green meadow.
oh darn <3
Naw baby its a size 14 #thicknotobese like yo cow ass!!! Step away from the food, i know yo blood pressure high!!!
#livinghealthy is far easier than you think. It begins with understanding the basics. Don't settle for less than your best!
First iteration of my portfolio site is finally getting there... Jquery rocks.
Family I interviewed today are taking the steps to better understand their beautiful daughter creating a more compelling future and hired me
See that's supposed to be satire - close to the truth, but not the ACTUAL truth. Oy my head...!
then make some
My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
RT : Final Performance of BECKY'S NEW CAR today at 2pm!Don't let the curtain go down on this production without coming to see it!
I really likd the one with john legend playin in the background i could just feel the romance
ahahahahhaha omg that's hilarious <3
Alright thanks
nightmare number 2. sweet. :(
If I were Clay Franklin, Mo Couch is a dude I wouldn't want pissed at me.
THE ROYAL TENENBAUMS was the first Wes Anderson movie I saw. I was just getting into the good stuff and this blew my mind.
I heart you!!! #can'twaittocomehome
why? Hawkeye has quite an interesting comics history, whereas black widow's is convoluted at best.
Of course the conversation turns to Big Bang Theory at some point in a #DCDrinkUp. ;) cc:
I'm sure each candidate feels they have a equal chance to win. Mitt Romney is a #Michigan native
haha now hopefully I will have the motivation to do it... But I have been practicing my sax! :D
what's your email/state again?
Twitter App is the Shittiest App. The other knockoffs make it too complicated though.
I guess you're moving up I the world
straight killed it with !!! TRIANGLE!!!
Guy on phone surly, insists that we need to start with a tuneup. We pick up the car instead of paying for exploration.
thanks for following me
Mexico stinks!.
that's wusupp! Are u going to perform or throw some party?
I need to achieve things...acting things....and fast! I need $4,000 NOW....$6000 would be even better!hm
Waiting on the snow to fall...
Few spaces only for this Awesome Casting Director! Tori has employed more actors than any other Casting Director in New York!
I'm behind on current events these days, but damn, John Derbyshire.
Vegas hotel screwed up Tammy's reservation, so they gave her an awesome upgrade! How have you been upgraded? 619-570-1973
Our pleasure. Thanks for the kind words and for participating. Congrats on the Howe win.
About to start teaching my 2nd tech tutorial. Google analytics. Almost done presenting!
Advanced search, usage rights option, search free! Awesome tip when finding matetials!
enjoy. I get to hit baseballs to 10 yr olds tonight. Hope they bring their gloves. :)
something really special about you bro. How old are you,is this an actual photo of yourself?
At the concert, #TheSunTheMoonTheStars just started. Get your ass down here!
If #homesalesintheATL are on the rise, what does this say about the #foreclosures?
I hate when that happens
Boy bands aren't cool unless they are from Korea.
this cold is just making me tired. all. the. time.
thanks for the nightmares! :)
A music filled day with practicing, mixing, recording and playing. See you on the other side.
the group with the little boy that did the solo with chachi
I've been out of town baby.
i'm going to spend the next 15-20 min being easily spooked and uncertain about my surroundings.
I'm attending the New England #Medieval Studies Consortium Graduate Conference on International Day!
Going to need a new Canuck on Lou's sweater, #mnwiId are shooting everything right at it!!
Just got a Wave invite :-)... Playing around with that and waiting for my flight back to NY...
Of all the words in the English language, the word 'set' has the most definitions!
Marie De Vichy-Chaconne~ It is only the first step that is difficult.
Party a the pitt .
Looks like a 1982 rematch Brewers vs. Cardinals
I dunno. There's just something about it! It's sultry.
long story short: they want me to put store's needs before mine.
How did i miss the new sleven on campus?!
Uh ohh, "Uh Ohh" is now available on #iTunes !!
lets dont wait till the water runs dry.
My fave as a TA was when students disparaged my discipline, aghast they weren't doing better when it's just so easy.
Looking forward to #RomCon11 and meeting and - hi ladies ;)
Sharing and Sustaining Research Data symposium today at Smithsonian. I don't see a lot of non-SI folks.
Bathtime. S is nursing and g is watching mickey mouse. Hm
There is no landslide, it is only a number of drills going on in SD
if you follow me it would make my day the best<U+2665> and myheart will be complete that's all you need to you #lilcrazednumba1fan:D
Mommy I Love You :)
How was the #metrocookikngshow ? Missed it this year.
It doesn't get much better than , , , , , et al. My life is full of joy.
#burritoproblems RT : love waking up to see that i bought a burrito last night, cooked it, put sauce on and then fell asleep
Hey everyone! Check me out on www.youtube.com KARISSA LYNN
<U+FFFD>Our head of social media is the customer.<U+FFFD> McDonald<U+FFFD>s
People strait be gettin in they feelings when they watch BGC
I am totally obsessed with your new Thai-Style Chicken - it is so so good!
About to take my first #Zumba class! I've heard good things...we'll see!
IBM and ZSE Create Virtual Green Highway for Electric Vehicles
Smush face, bogus weave, and you lie constantly bitch you popped...... Next please
Speaking today on the #ING #socialmedia strategy at the CRMA symposium with Facebook, Dana Ripley of ING and Juan Fernando of
Pain in my heart, Anger I don't know what to do :(
I really wish every Friday I wouldn't think of Rebecca Black.
we would love to!!!
YO, TELL YA FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS FRIENDS TO FOLLOW US !
enjoying a mojito on the back patio - hope this weather sticks around
Rt: : Dirty sprite video shoot goin down right now # TooDopeFam
Just got a bottle of Mountain Dew made with real sugar. Because it's important to me that nasty poison is made without corn syrup.
Hey bookstores! Interested in a free Father’s Day Event Kit? Email enchantedlion at gmail dot com for more information!
hahah I will!! So what r u doing!?
Pressures on now... maybe I'll just have my fiancé pick out my clothes. Right Kyle?
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Oral-B Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
!|_|!_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Is it okay for me to be clinically depressed now?
when are you coming back to Chicago!!!!
Our office will close at 4 PM on Friday Dec 23rd. We will reopen on Weds Jan 4 at 9 AM. Residence halls will remain open during this time.
OMG SARAH!!! I haven't talked to you forever!! What's up??
FREE parking this December 17 & 24 in Oakland to support local holiday shopping. *Up to the limit on posted meter time.
a good one of theirs that I just got introduced to is their cover of Sade's No Ordinary Love.
And we've just discovered
thank you for saving my life yesterday.
Need to alter the baseline energy biz model
Thanks for all your hard work on it--it was awesome!
awww you made me smile right after I found out this textbook is $200 and I need it by then end of the week!
My mind is wacky. I understood what you said the 1st time and then misunderstood it the 2nd time. I still agree with you.
thanks for killing the animal stories. they made me sad.
That annoying moment when you're doing something on your phone and someone decides to call and fuck it all up."
it's administrative professionals day - if you have an assistant, make sure you let them know they're appreciated!
Bulls in the 4th look like the Magic in the 3rd!
You are an obsession You're my obsession...who do you want me to be to make you sleep with me
I'll never complain about the price of coffee in STL ever again...
Decided not to get an Air just yet, instead revived the old MBP with double RAM and a new SSD. Fingers crossed for a thinner MBP, soon. :)
Treat a girl how you would treat your xbox
Love the weekends!!
#iLoveWhenYou when you do the voodoo that you do
He has an amazing voice... why did he have to go? he was one of the reasons why i watched American idol this year.
Trapped in hof brau hell @ L2 - this is some weird shit! Not one familiar face!
Hey guys..thanks so much for your continued support!..please go to my reverbnation home page, and or, click "like" or become a fan, to...
is watching Long Way Down...and is getting itchy feet! Well at least gonna ride the bike to work tomorrow...
ah yes please!! :) and that's so fun I'll have to visit u too!
wtf where are you right meow
When are the #KCA2012 ??
how long will I be delayed on the ground in Orlando because of the #thunderstorms in The #atl ? flt
If Elvis Were Alive Today He’d Be Really Sad Because All Of His Fans Are Dead…
Srry I don't speak any other language beside english
IM DONE !
Thanks for the tweet
to all you One Direction fans..how old are they..?
Not in the mood to talk to nobody..
#np Wish you were here.
i followed
Sometimes, music speaks for me MORE than I speak for myself. 1 people follow me please (:
by lake nona
Have any of you seen Underworld? Is it good?
She really is that's why I love her lol RT Right? She's too original!
Surman @ #inplay2012 - #Hackasaurus teaches kids "restaurant HTML" - enough to get by and do what they want
What's up Twitter World?
ok can someone plz tell me how long do we stay in twitter jail cause I hate that I can't follow y'all back
Almost lost something #Amazing. #Lifelesson number 3 on how to learn to cherish your blessings.
Heartfelt congrats to Bill Schonely, earning the Naismith Hall of Fame Curt Gowdy Award. What a honor to work alongside this true gentleman.
Rihanna's old music >>
follow back
sorry I dot check my twitter, I'll text u the dts.
Portland was awesome! Feet are bleeding from so much salsa dancing but it was great seeing all my west coast friends. Love you guys!
Upside Down Kingdom. The lyrics mean so much to me!
It is so fitting that i graduate on the 22nd
On some new shxt, den cut some m'fs off... Fina cut some mo
Everyone go and follow !
Happy St. Party's Day!!!!! Schedule your tune ups and brake check soon, our appointment slots are fillin up fast!!!!
can you please tweet me? I feel like nobody ever reads my tweets, especially someone as amazingly awesome as you!
Girl please tell me you caught the " Les Mis " trailer that leaked today . . .
It raining!:/
Pouring rain does not mix well with heels.
I need a new boyfriend someone who appreciates all the things that make me so great hahaha jk love ya babe <3
Little giants is on! aka icebox
"You're in love with boys? Eww!"Lol. Little kids are so funny
Couldn't get no sleep las night.
Good to hear from on drone wars this morning on
time for me to poke some bitches 'round here.
Oh... it was a reply to one of your earlier tweets. Also just a thought in my head. Okay, I miss you. Shut up.
That's an awesome pic!
All of the doll pics on Pinterest are creeping me the eff out. #Pinterest is for ADULTS! These dolls have smooth areas, where is the fun?!
You can't grant yourself out anymore? Oh dear.
Sweet. Good luck!
We may get there, too, when ours are 9. I'll solicit you for advice!
Dance dance dance...
follow me mikey. hope your mom has a ICONic day!!
And a big welcome to the rest of you too!
those are some good links, thanks.
Your bio reads like a list of the most interesting things in the world, ! Tks for the follow!
Wrote my last email before reading this. Promise. Talk next week.
Tom Brady - #nflplayoffs record 5 TD's in one half. Wow!
"Mind-bending Foreign Films Featuring a Strong Female Lead" - When Netflix gets too specific.
don't start the day unhappy because of something that happend yesterday.for all you know today could be the greatest day of your life <3
Looking into the Healthcare Industry-The Next 5 years by and executive panel
PRC - "do I need 2 jingle that handle a little?" me - "bro, I'm not from Nashville, I have no idea what that means?!"
we love you!!! xo
OMG... I'M DEAD XD
check the site www.weedropweerock.com #FB #weedropweerock!!! Pe
Dairy queen <3
come study with me at JJ's bra
yeah... Well I've seen a few parts of it. My sister was watching it once
We're happy to hear you made plans to speak with the child care director. Sophia makes everyone feel better!
Lots of people like to be woken up with, just maybe introduce yourself beforehand
Character development...not the easiest thing to do but hey, I'm having fun with my ideas!
Schumer addresses the GOP's legislative strategy to NOT address #jobs, while the GOP's 2012 theme is hitting Dem's 4 poor job growth
Congratulations to former Jr. Shark, CA Couger and SC Blackhawk on his college commitment to Quinnipiac.
Hello Universe I would like to get my new film rolling!
i really appreciated reading it! you make the mundane extremely captivating.
Who is enjoying their sound bars and tvs?
Follow me loser.<3
You're welcome! Nice to see researchers using & enjoying Methodspace MT : thanks for the wonderful social network in Methodspace!
YAY i remembered my twitter password ! HAY GUISE (;
thank the lord I never received it must have been a wrong number lol
Yep! And, um, why are they wearing black gloves?
Old man at bus stop: "We think we're the smartest animals, but we're not." I love public transit.
Lady next to me at the salon is eating raw asparagus. Something about that seems wrong. Isn't that a "cooked only" veggie?
How was dinner?
Wonderin If Will Tweet Me Tonite...
"looking at the bright lights, still catching fireflies"
Buying local takes some thought. Let's be thoughtful #LasVegas. Don't wait for a #Cashmob to support local businesses, make it habit.
my angel baby when you are near me my heart skips a beat .
woaaaah, don't know how that happened, it's not like I'm not your friend anymore
": One Man Drinking Games is perfect" I always say this :)
Going back and listening to mine and 's voxer message. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> drunk ass niggah.
S/o to all 4,029 of my followers! Some of yall are weird as fuck but i love ya!
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of #beauty no matter what she wears.- Anne Roiphe
Realizing that an audience looking at their phones is probably a compliment now.
<U+200E> will be out in Tucson today giving out Widsix gear at the Old Pueblo Grand Prix. Check out LIVE event Sat 3:55pm PST from
Thank you soldiers!
instead there will just be people stopped in the middle of the sidewalk tweeting.
Whatcha got marinating?
- monitoring away Sensei ~
Just heard Gravity Rides Everything get played at this brewery. My FAVORITE song.
Nice! I'd join you if i weren't an hour away from there. Enjoy being "normal adults" for an evening!
holding our breathe
Who wanna text??
You too! I'm looking forward to more in the future. Happy Friday!
My grocery bag is full of pizza and beer. Which makes me a 21 year old frat boy.
Peach ciroc tonight
work, wash bedsheets, clean, paint nails, exercise and handlin school business tomorrow
I'm a huge fan of Irish and Scottish accents, not so much the British. (Too girly.)
Another long night in the studio last night with Earl Jones and Keith Beatz
BUSINESS BEFORE BULLSHIT!
I love this qoute-and you're right, it's not the same, not yet...
BJ3 IS ABOUT TO GO HAM ON LIN TONIGHT..
lol I need to get some for Delta Sig
Are they selling prom tickets all week this week?
Chillin with my BFF
Oh honey, that is the ugliest F'in outfit I have ever seen.
See you in 2013...or maybe sooner ;)
": Competitor & volunteer registration is open. Visit the website to get started. We'll see you next month!"
yes! This is happening!
Lol no problem! It's kinda weird meeting online people IRL :) And no worries about the necklace!
Penelope Cruz
Congrats #americanfilmshowcase doc #undefeated on your Oscar win!
Me:thers nuthin ta eat mom:there's a choco bunny in the fridge Me: o shit I 4gt bout that Mom:don't make urself sick (6hrdltr) me: I'm sick
Have you been affected by any of the issues in tonight's #corrie ? I have......... #KeithDuffy's man boobs call the samaritans
I highly doubt there is a bigger sports fanatic who can actually beat you in those sports than
so nice, right? Haha
lmfao hahahahahahahahaha..... all the krueger dick needs is armour all squirted on it
Thank you!!! :)) RT : so, it's gonna #HappyBirthdayVinceLlaguno. where's the parteyyy? :) enjoy your day
aw cool
Sorry! I think you booked 3rd party or a better deal! :) Thanks for all the kind words!
filtering through new scratch acoustic tracks written over last 2 months. Will hone lyrics and arrangements - then present on Ustream
Awesome! Go Gators!
Methinks integration testing. Everything in Capoeira is linked together.
Gonna attempt to gt my xbox back early so I can start my evo training.
#InstantTurnOn cute guy with a great personality n a nice built body <3
This changes everything.
I want ms.goodman to put on a pair of heeleys & fall on her ass. Gosh woman. My table sits here talkin bout kilin people & she wont move me!
I love Dre. He sounds exactly like Fat Albert :) adorable!
She didn't even say thank you when the transaction was done. Then she got drink, said nothing. Yapping away. Rude. Ridic.
! A lot of my friends have had tons of success with that approach, it's very beginner friendly.
haha this made me smile!
You can educate yourself right out of a relationship with God
shoutout to allie from Delaware :) please.
Lakers NEED to win...
RIP THE STAGE DOWN ON POV TONIGHT GOOD SHOW ROUND OF APPLAUSE
he's yelling! I gotta go
I’m tired of all these people saying “swag” after "everything". Swag this, swag that, swag swag. How about my foot up your ass SWAG?!
I'm gonna die if this is true ah!!!!!
I'm clearly still a twitter n00b. Does that make me a twit? 0.o
I'm just thrilled at the prospects of a Rorschach reunion show in my near future.
": Legal issues got me chain smoking swishers"
Adele about to bring the tears, guys. Get your tissues ready.
good morning world <3
okay so it's been nearly two weeks since you were in Durham and your sign is still on my arm is this black magic?:') xo
#priorities RT : Overheard in the HBJ newsroom: That's cutting into your drinking time.
Thanks for the following and retweet!
I know its hip to to talk about how great "Pet Sounds" is, but Sloop John B is a superb song no questions.
Isn't this NBA CBA the same deal the owners proposed several weeks ago??? Why ratify it now?
can u plzz follow me I started being a fan of u yesterday
nothing but honesty
last time I was sick I stayed home and watched trainspotting. it didn't make me feel any better.
Can anyone help me set up an Google e-mail alert for an RSS feed that updates infrequently?
Easter recommends U.S. admin. sustain financial commitment to global development @ current level or higher.
Interesting thing abt that showm is that it argued human behavior changed base on *complexity* of lang
Ok not going to the dance sorry.
I haven't bathed today... so? ;-) I'm going to take a shower & throw on a jean skirt.
Guest Hillebrity bartender at Bimbo's today
"Hold requested on The Art of Scalability. You are number 2 in line."
PAX Prime doesn't count. (Because I'm too poor to go, so it therefore doesn't exist.)
Just reposted it! Sorry about that
I still wouldn't know what to say lol I'll text you one tmrw . I need a topic though
yum! That sounds so tasty. We had freshly picked, grilled asparagus, grilled shrimp, and smashed potatoes.
May or may not be getting pretty psyched about a little something with (!)
that would be fabulous!
a convenience store that is not as good as Sheetz
-- that was arguably the most painful program to watch last night. Painful..as in lame.
Red House tomorrow in Walnut Creek! Hometown show! Come out and hang! FUCK!
Had fun at except that their happy hour specials somehow don't apply in the back
,since ur on 'net,look at Google"homosexuality in animals"-Tell us what u find,think
unless he is a figment of your imagination and you are the drunk one at the bar shouting at thin air (or am I the only one?)
WOW!!! What a run! Sold out every performance!!!!! Look for more to come after closing weekend this week!!!! Congrats to the cast and crew!
RT : Why are you trying so hard to fit in when you were born to stand out?
that's good, right? Best of luck! those asthma meds scare me (I was on singulair for a while); my son is on zyrtec daily.
In Washington there are 24 lobbyists for every member of Congress, while those who comprise bottom 30% of income have zero impact.
I shan't!
Just finished watching that Rubio character spew on Fox News Sunday. He sends out creepy, liar-liar vibes. Sen. Deflect & Project can leave.
It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid.
I tried that tonight but unfortunately this cold I'm fighting already destroyed my palette
Great to meet you!
Inventory available on our interactive iPad ad platform located at the front desk of major hotels. ROI is all about placement.
Check your DM
#ThingsMyMotherSays Come on Let's eat!
She want a man, she don't need a man
What new TV show are you digging on?
Aw snap son, is that Mr. Belding on #MadMen !?!? Hey hey hey what is going on here?
no way?! see you on the 24th love
don't apologize for something you can't change:)
that's right! Guess I'll wait for it.
get on Facebook
IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT: Our FEB 15th HD Happy Hour is at GUARAPO in Arlington at 2039 Wilson Blvd. We have the whole upstairs!
we shall!
I'm only 2 hours closer than you are. I miss the family not the city.
neither did I !!! Ha
Happy Greek Easter!!
I'm super excited to see ABCD!
HOLY CRAP. This is like, the hardest decision ever, choosing between the two covers for Boyfriend. But I think...
It's subtle (black) and way on the back, I held it at a weird angle so the LiveStrong tongue and insole would show.
pretty much done w/u friday. let's move along.
ll probably try that. Thanks !:)
You cast a spell on me. You hit me like the sky fell on me
Praying for you tonight at our prayer service! God bless!
I'm a Flapper!
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 5
We are ready for you to visit our new FACEBOOK page! Check us out. Search for Nagel Middle School - Home of the Nighthawks.
I MISS U AND BABY NOAH! MY BABY NEED HER PLAYMATE BACK!
im trending in your head
I JUST LOL'ED TO THAT TWEET IMAGINE IF YOU REALLY GOT CAVITIES O.o THAT'D BE HORRIBLE ! anyways ily! (:
Psst! We're teaming up w/ to present a Birdseed Printmaking Workshop w/ at on April 22 and...
Be consistent.
“: aw” yeahh it's FREAKIN Cute!
Last weekend was very busy at the Clam Cannery. We held our first wedding. The weather was perfect and we should have pictures soon.
You're not gonna win everyone over anyways so you might as well just go all out and take the risk...looks less awkward anyways.
Software developers, I'm begging you, please, please do not call your blog a User Guide. They are NOT one in the same.
haha I can't I suck at tests....
Super grateful for the freedom to drive to Vegas and be with my parents as my mom has surgery today. How did I get so lucky?
Love is in the air... looks like a tip on two skips is going to pay off.
Please.Fire.Mike.Brown.
where the frell is the table???? Been trying to find it for two days.
Welcome back home! RT : Have you visited our new space yet?
I would!
Seriously? I text you and you don't respond but then you have the audacity to update your FB.
#ThingsIwantTheMost to stop slapping me.
Medicare has a responsibility to guard the privacy of a beneficiary even if that beneficiary is your child, parent, husband or wife.
no problem
Shut vents in unused rooms. Not advisable if you have forced air heating, but they can save on your heating/cooling bill.
well yeah, but I'm talking strictly career performance days. Hamilton trades to Pujols in a heartbeat.
I think tonight is a reading night.
So, what's everyone going as for Halloween?
RT : Head over to the South Side for our newest frank, the NOLA: provolone, muffaletta (olive pickle relish), salami.
Here's wishing everyone in the professional IT community and those we serve, a happy and healthy new year in 2012.
Working at the platinum tonight. Ill be bored as fuck if anyone wants to come hang out with me.
ya homie wanted we to tell u the buffet is tonite
AND big left her at the alter “: i totally agree. he was the best. mr. big was a total jerk at times. ;)”
Hopefully all is well. I miss talking if you find time give me a call sometime
#TweetMeCody please LOVE<U+E32A><U+E32B>
had to see the writing on the wall... Can't have the drops with 2 freshman coming in ready to compete.
Thanks for RT, Chris
Online math: fav solution Wacom Tablet linked to whiteboard in Elluminate for online office hours. Can save PDFs for use in LMS.
“: here's to the kids who barely study & are naturally nerdy.”
Three of my next four meals in Albuquerque include Sadie's, Weck's and !
Watch your mouth!!!
Delays. B.S.!
I see no picture :(
Just figured out this handy Twitter shorthand: ICYMI for "in case you missed it"
at lease you have food! have fun! tiny chat later? =)
F.E.A.R = Fu*k Everything And Run.
Life is short, so do what you need to do NOW-download free- InSpotter mobile app
It senses your fear, toying with you & waiting for you to foolishly fall asleep.... Mwahahahahaha
I watched #SlingBlade earlier, it was a very moving movie..I think that is a good word for it. Have you seen it?
Welp. You can add getting stuck alone in a pitch dark elevator to my list of shit I never want to do again.
That's true. Thanks for that reminder, LL.
are you trying to move students downtown, or give people coming downtown ways to get around?
ALL THAT BULLSHITS FOR THE BIRDS
new face of the school? FWC > Ursuline ???
ALL the /Childish Gambino stuff is GONE EVERYWHERE.
can u follow
Whole Foods' queue bot makes we anxious.
It never was enough.
Who wakes up early this summer? Apparently, I do because my parents can't be any louder getting ready for work. Thanks Guys :D
The best experimental music is less a laboratory in sound and more an epistemology of intermittent silence.
You slay me (: I can't follow your political trajectory without saying whaaaa and smh, as always though you are entertaining.
damn you're missing out
Fisher doin' a couple of good things at OKC and LAL is pist
Wind outside sounds like a bunch of people pulling on corduroys quickly.
thanks for coming out today! It was great to see you!
Watching tv with lil man in my hand n my lil girl coloring to my right I got this under control. Duty time
Is there a #FemaleDictionary?!
okay and i'll tell you what my status was about last ngith x
Ranger game tonight is whats getting me through this school day
“: #preach <U+E41F>”>> lol #truth reason why I ain't come to Stadium yet lmfao -__-
Candidate for best idea in a LONG time RT : Cool! I sent the link to the google group.
Thank You!!!!
Is life a big joke?
Well I hung your poster up in my room and my dog started barking at the poster of you haha it was funny
It's not tyranny we desire; it's a just, limited, federal government. ~ Alexander Hamilton
even better then a picture...
followed. Follow back bud ?
i dont need to kiss && make up with anybody. im pretty positive i wasnt offensive to anyone other than my nephew. lol.
Yes, anything out of the ordinary will get all the press coverage.
Dont be ashamed. Be flattered. Any girl would be lucky to have you. Yor a very handsome guy.
almost there..
12 pt lead w/ less than 20 second we got it
You had a chance to be a hero, in Jax poor choice going to NY
Forget Rogue and Deschutes. Cascade Barrel House in the SE. Hands down.
err when haha
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "I actually love it!! Worthy of my free time. Works great on my htc g2.." by Maria
Fuck love? No, fuck the person that made you feel that way
Praying for you today!
Jose: Why doesn't Peter wear skinny jeans? Cassie: Because he's not skinny. Me: BAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA...I cannot.
and about rush time big <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A7> getting <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083> jobs.
lol! She keeps rolling her eyes at me like omg I can't even look at her anymore
10 more days!
Early Aquarians Geminis Librans have an exciting twist of fate coming their way on Sunday with the 0 degree Solar eclipse.
Watching the state of union address. Obama is awesome. Team Obama all the way:o)
If a woman is not sexy, she needs emotion; if she is not emotional, sheneeds reason; if shes not reasonable, she has to know herselfclearly
Only God can... turn a mess into a message, a test into a testimony, a trial into a triumph, a victim into a victory...only God can.
I really want to take up photography. Anyone will to teach me?
That ball was hit very, very hard.
Yeah I bet! Send me a pic of the booth
I do what I want. #havntyounoticed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Bad dream..
I dare you to eat a sandwich that's made with relish, butter and end pieces :3
Amazing dinner with my mom and husband. Grateful that my mom is around to share her wisdom and spirituality. I am a lucky girl.
Thank you sir, DM coming.
I was follower 20! Do I get a prize?
That's a tough one! Hope you get some good responses :)
I really think this will be an industry best practice and have not seen anybody else take advantage of the space like this yet
I'm not watching trailers for anything I want to see: Avengers, Batman, or Prometheus.
Want more info on our 5th - 8th grade Youth Competitive Basketball League? Check out 1 of our 3 Spring Meetings next week.
it's done! Processing and uploading will take awhile. It's a different song. There wasn't enough footage for the other one.
Hearing #braves as a potential suitor in the Carlos Beltran sweepstakes. #BravesCountry what are your thoughts?
M4M-WEAR of Palm Springs just joined Diversity Platinum! Welcome Aboard! Go to www.m4m-wear.com and check them out!
such a bad headache :(
Need time away from this
Thanks for following! Hope you can join us on the 25th!
You've GOT to pay your dues to play, sing, perform, dance, paint, write, act, etc! Work on your craft if that's what you "really" came to do
It was first and second. Double play is the rally killer of all time.
imagine a nigga the size of Thor do a backflip
Happy Birthday to Eric Clapton... #greatmusic Thanks for all of your wonderful tunes...
my pleasure! I hope you made it onto the earlier flight!
: Romney doesn't even have the guts to stand up and defend his health care plan. Go after Bin Laden? LOL!
I actually thought about you today while I was taking out the disgusting rotting repulsive trash.
#Ravens announce Dannell Ellerbe has been re-signed.
is from Rhode Island?! THIS CHANGES EVERYTHING! There should have been a twist in the fourth season!!
#ideachats Geek is the new black!
Instead of saying "deuces!" when I leave the club, I say "gooses!!" just because I'm fun like that. (also because its a bird-watching club)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> I need a car any car just get me out of this one
Herman Cain's home destroyed by fire. Dialed "999" instead of 911.
it's in my faves sista
I read it. It has lots of problems.
You can also send your order to , it will be safe and secure!
After considering the facts, mostly my activities yesterday, I have come to the conclusion that it is Monday.
Just arrived at work and I must say although cold outside warm bed and a long drive. I am thankful for my job.
Random stuff about #obsessed much
Just got into Hong Kong,,,Greetings, I`m so tall now : )
You've gone too far ! Brodus Clay is a joke and is a future champion.
aw well thank you but I'm definitely the lucky one
broncos or bust
Man, UPSET bout this Hawks loss. Always so close.
Beat LA!!
I'm in need of more friends to cook for and/or eat with me.
714 8 the one that dances. they're all perfect. IB- Jason <U+E32A>
Happy Swift Day also!:) Happy Mother's Day ANDREA SWIFT:) MAMMA SWIFT! Lol.
They often grab the cells at 4-5 days, but are allowed to wait until 14 days. I'll make the wording more specific . Thanks!
#sleep. long day tomorrow with #BREAKFAST (:
April Fools My Ass Haha
somewhere in the crowd
#myfirstjob it doesn't matter, it's not about the past it's about the future
I agree !
Praying for the #NEXT category Please RT to help out.
Three named to post-UBB safety research panel: Three workplace safety and health experts will lead a research foundation formed by Al...
my boyfriend, my girlfriend, and my little sister are the only people i need in my life.. fuck every other single person.
18. Days. Left... my childhood is over... #Seniors12 -Forever&Always
Glad you enjoyed! It was a great group.
Aw, thanks for the hello!
so i'm back from vegas and wow I hope that weekend stays in vegas..
life is boring when basically my only friend works all the time.... *cough cough*
I don't here Walker or Fitz bragging about their razor thin margin I'll take 2 out of 3 any day.
Not a Boston fan but lets go Celtics
can u follow back plz
Thanks for the #FF mentions!
aint that the truth.
WHY WHY.. Guess its Human Nature..
I sympathize with the #SOPAblackout, but it's making the Internet unusable... Uh... Oh, I guess that's kinda the point, isn't it?
Hey Coach Fox, Is it Tebow time yet? wake me up when it is, cause Orton puts me to sleep!!!!
I would have preferred for the Lakers to win so they could get rest for OKC. that'll be a challenging series
We're there!!! RT : Come down to PHX next weekend ! Its Rainbow Festival Weekend
Yea to u Ari might just be some random person, but to her Arianators she's our everything! <3
um.., do u know the story? Scary!
The Film/Media Program at #URI is having a student film screening followed by Q&A with the filmmakers TUES FEB 21 7pm- held in Swan 304,...
which train station??
Thanks for the follow Looking forward to more of your tweets on management.
Sometimes ya gotta brave yourself for fine Grits. A bathrobe seems unnecessary until you're flying full speed at the commode.
~ Hey Jay, how was that flight? Told u Korean Air was Awesome. And the ight Attendants were hot too.
Yeah, did they send you something?
RT Be sure to follow for specials, events, happy hour, fun stuff!
Damn you guys are fast! The Winner is Almando Mason! good job bro! If you missed it stay tuned for more giveaways!
A very Merry Christmas to all of you lovers of the music!
Smell in my classroom is a combination of dead Mickey and dead Sebastian. So glad there was a crab feast on the day the rodent died
“: I am sad nobody loves me”
is so cute! Marry me? :)
don't tell Me You went last night
"OMG did you get BRACES?!?!?" "Nah, I just decided to bedazzle my teeth."
u know... I Prolly have that many on my hard drive. I just can't picture that many dvds
"Why are we so interested in Zombie attacks? If there is a possibility for a Zombie attack, we must prepare."
Just posted the mixtape cover for the #GothamCity mixtape dropping #Christmasday on #Datpiff as my photo check it out.!!!!
only if you delete yours first.
never mind, im back.
Put your knowledge to the test at trivia tonight and see if you can beat the reigning champs, “Look, There's A 'Squatch" Fun begins at 7:30!
The words we speak hve the power 2tear down someone or give comfort &strength 2 thm. Our choice. Whch will you choose today? PG!!!
Just bought apple tv! So pumped!
If this is all about Austin then im done and you can all stop tweeting me(:
I agree - we have a 4 BR house that is too big. Have told my husband that our next house will def be smaller.
massive pasta carbohydrate goodness.
punctuation just slows them down, the youth!
that works for me! Doesn't have to be fancy lmao
Oh I'm convinced. I just have to pack and get all my books and photo equipment across the country. Road Trip!!!!
BUT THEY SAY BAD WORDS
it kind of looks like kid is giving poetry the finger.
What would you do?
Really! I just went outside to check it out. RT : Sleet in #Tucson!
you deserve all the love! Your such an amazing person and are very talented at what you do! Thanks for sharing all this with us!
then you finally told me you liked me and we were holding hands and everything....it was a special night :)
Now the correcting begins....starting off strong....
I will never meet MB man :(
Power up - nap over
Rain, rain go away- it WILL by Friday for the #GreenAcresGala Fundraiser! #spreadtheword about this amazing night under the stars! #GCM!
Still believe next team for Peyton Manning will be one that no one is talking about. Similar to Reggie White joining
We are working some pretty exciting new stuff right now. We will reveal more info when we can!
70 and sunny with absolutely nothing to do all day!
It's not too late! You can be a rapper. I will do stand-up comedy. Just watch bling $$ youtube virality pay our bills.
I can't wait to get one! Love it. :)
That was quick!
FrIday Night Lights!
simply amazing ;)
Us too! Love these tweeps!
Take a behind-the-scenes look at one of the greatest singer-songwriters, Don McLean. On MPTV 36 at 6pm.
all I want is to be your man, why don't you why don't you understand ?
I feel a need to listen to Halloween music. Where's Sam the Sham and the Pharoahs!?
You can spin it however you want, that team goes from 8-8, to 6-10, to a new coach, to 13-3. Like I said spin that however.
thank for following
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1> Earth Day is coming up!
(...cont) or, we're using newfangled tools to tell the same old story (blackness=authenticity)...
Times have changed and in order for advertisers to reach out to the modern consumer, they must be able to adapt to the changes.
Yes, a few times over the years. Never on a nightly basis though. ;)
Just added Live Chat to the website! I love technology!
The Census bureau says southern. Linguistically, they are southern.
You're asking stupid, pointless questions. It's a waste of my time to answer. The POTUS is an American citizen. Period.
There is far too much estrogen in this room
When I have a daughter I'll make sure to tell her how much boys love car head.
“: Dancing in Gobi to SBTRKT. Radiohead next! BEEN THERE DONE THAT
why you tweet all of us to tell shaq lol
Genius discussion about the Kardashians (yes, an oxymoron). They're so much more tolerable as objects of academic analysis!
This is life changing
Was around 11 years ago when the Quake player cK-spook (black guy) said I looked like "an emaciated Larry Bird."
Don't you hate it when the backend servers are out of sync? It's like when one of your backup singers goes right when she ought to go left.
is it so hard to sweep the freaking floor!?
Yay! I'm glad to hear.
Somehow you will understand
Something about becoming a Mommy immediately you lose all your #private bathroom time...."Can I get a minute?"
my brother thinks hes such a badass with his amps
That is pretty awesome
Hey check out my twitter pic
he turned himself in!
Really morning Steve Jobs what an inspiration to the world!
damn my ex is a ho smh sad case scenario
well good luck
Singing & dancing on the bus with <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
The undergrads I've seen at #pitchgeorge are WOW!
dangit! I like the tribute episodes...like the one with MJ lol
Currently no right for public to review DMs if they go to private email address. That should change.
Now watching Mona Lisa Smile in AP Art History :)
so this one time got mad at me for not visiting this wknd. too bad it's AXO's 75th AND SHE WOULDNT BE ABLE TO HANG ANYWAYS.
yumm.. im eating cherries... :)
": Pavel Pogrebnyak looks like a henchman in a Bond film. Dude looks hard as nails." Hahaha. Best tweet of my week. Nicely done.
It's a beautiful day in Texas!!!
The anticipation of death is far worse then death itself
It shouldn't be this way..
They took a break from Robin Hood to fashion cardboard and duct tape swords.
Have you added us on facebook? Do it. www.skifever.org
Jazz Friday is tomorrow! Make sure to arrive early to get your seats! Jazz concert starts at 5:30, and will run through 7:30!
I am so hungry...this is miserable
Haha! RT : This will probably lead Sportscenter. “: Former Pats DE Mark Anderson signs 4-yr deal with Buffalo.”
that's not the answer i wanted :\
Who are you all most excited to see at :)
What is this music playing in #Blackstone? and I are loving it.
I just wanna play video games right now. Order some pizza and have a couple beers.
Ian Eastwood <3 Why do you have to be so freakin hot !!??!!
I find boundless entertainment in the most insignificant of actions, words, or conversations
#southwest "over sold" our plane yesterday. They begged for 1 person to stay back. They would pay you but only for ONE person.
I can't decide if the nissan juke is ugly or cute
Waking up starving <<
what do you want to know about birdie ball putting greens? we use then in the elementary schools daily
Your welcome, thanks for the message!
S/O to everyone who've had more tweets about baby Beyonce than they've had conversations with their own kids in months.
ah I want to be at Disney Land!!!
It will indeed sir! And thanks for calling those "songs" :)
wow thats like so old i miss watching that show it was so funny
. An employer that does not permit unionization is asking for nothing less than total control over their employees
There are boobs on time magazine and that is all the matters.
Goinq to one direction concert on may 28 thanks to my bestfriend kayla she bouqth me tickets for my bday :)
If I keep dwelling on it I'm never gonna be happy
Watching Super 8 with my family
aye what up bros
RT : asks all to buy for two great causes: all the women in your lives and #Haiti women economic empowerment.
well I assume that it'd be worth it! It's free and the guys are amazing! Plus the Indiana State Fair's so much fun!
hey are you having a book signing?
My hearts an open wound, that I hope heals soon -cudi
easy, just go to twitter settings and just add your facebook and phone number..
I love being inspired and I hope one day I can inspire others to follow their dreams.
don't act stupid cause im rollin wit them people who make people who make people disappear
Jon Stewart regarding Stalin: "Just think Super Mario's mustache with Wario's personality." The man is brilliant.
For the good of America: can we please all solemnly swear NOT to watch Charlie Sheen's Anger Management show?
The answer to yesterday's Word of the Day, Maven is E.) An Expert.
So new metra cars seem to have non-working doors and electricity. Did they get them on clearance?
With enough hot sauce, anything is edible.
Wow you sure know how to wear a girl out! What a great day!!!
Coffee was famous by the 18th centennial in Europe & European colonists introduced the crop to other tropical countries.
Are there any IPrefer hotels in Napa or Sonoma, CA?
Did you fill it up with porn?
had no idea that migrated this far north. We used to recite the lyrics in lieu of the pledge in FL gradeschool.
Or maybe its me....maybe I consider myself the provider and wear the pants. Only one has proven me wrong.
Genius without education is like silver in the mine- Benjamin Franklin
boy meets world
SAVE THE DATE: Thurs. April 12 for the 2nd Annual #TEALtini Cocktail Contest & Fundraiser for at #BkSq >> Keep posted for details!
I have bruises on my right leg cuz of my boot.
Has VERY exciting news for my work folks. VERY exciting.
When a dog wags his tail and barks at the same time, how do you know which end to believe?
Q. What did the blind man say as he passed the fish market? A. Good morning girls.
Ryan Seacrest Recalls His Ashy Encounter with Sacha Baron Cohen at the 2012 Oscars
Taking Dad to see #Bridesmaids. He saw HO II & thought it was hilarious. But u ain't seen nothin till u've seen Melissa McCarthy in action
it was amazing!!!!!
kwameeee bo where u at loo
I look forward to hear what you cookin- you still in Philly
Ha! My pleasure! ;-)
Hey Houston marketers, how about an affiliate summit meetup here? Tweet if you would be interested. Please RT
I was trying to find a new wrd when I said that! Just like I was when I said "think I need a Gingerale that was such an #epicfail"
Today has defiantly been a hurry up and wait kinda day. Ahh the good old times just like r in the army
Thank you to everyone who donated to for
Hey , interested in checking out the new ?
Shan! It's going great, how's the fam? “: hey you! How's it going.”
Sports awards with Greg Hale and Andrew Hale(:, Pretty crappy day today. Comment the pics please and Ill return the favor.
Great minds, or maybe really dirty minds.
Im sorry but when im listening to a song that I have on repeat, do not call me on skype or oovoo!
GET ME BACK STAGE PASSES!!!! HOOK A BROTHA UP!
quote of the day: And yes, this does look like someone pooped on a webpage and posted it to the internets. (guess who said that?)
All packed & ready to go. Close to #nature coz my #poetry manuscript & the editor's feedback are a'callin'.
Bread in the bank and on the block I dime it up....
What is the # for requesting comments on student work?
I think it's a "Red Rhone" kinda day, so I'm going to pour any rhone blends tonight for 20% off.
Same here
Tom Cruise just said his line wrong on #knightandday "I will shoot myself then her" - really? How can you if you're already dead, lol
If you use the word "subversiveness" about a subject 5 times in only a couple of paragraphs, the subject is probably not that subversive!
Btw, we've decided to wait on Sherlock 2 until it's out on Netflix Streaming so we can focus on Spooks for now :D
Then it's time to close up the house! Thanks for the warning!
#Browns have to score on every possession here on out
Got the up-all-night sniffles? We open at 6am for Cranhammer Breakfast! Stop grinding your teeth!
next tuesday?
We're at #DBC2012 in LA! So wonderful to meet & spend time w/ some of our designers & Design Blog contributors! Who else is at #DBC2012?
RT - RollN wit the New England Patriots this year!..
crushing them at poker
I'm gone fight alondre.!
Last of the Mohicans is one of my favorites but his role in My Left Foot was simply amazing.
thats what i just said
Father have mercy. Prayers for MS, AL, GA, TN. Lord have mercy....
Get me home!!
Also, he asks if there are going to be children around, and says it's best not to look at cover first.
that was a pretty awesomely cool show minus all of the trash that was there!
Jen Cole: Even the big box institutions are willing to use the media and incorporate innovation and collaboration.
from twitter
purple u? Come I wanna do ur nails lol
DVD player is in working order and it's....
i'm about to buy some Khaki Cordarounds... if I love them can I come to san fran and have you sign them ??
Silence is silenced by hurry.
Indeed!! RT : Reflecting on the editorial on OA... looking forward to point when subscriptions aren't $150/year.
use today as motivation to get back at them in the playoffs. Cold shooting day that's all.
New Obama campaign video unveils ‘Forward’ slogan, mostly ignores Romney
#cybermonday shopping consisted if going to Toys r Us brick and mortar because their site was dragging. Get better hosting next year.
If you can't go a full day with out thinking about someone, don't let them go.
Bah. I don't have that. Should I be embarrassed? suggested Adobe Media Encoder. I'm trying that out now. Here it goes
The crowd is a bit more 'gothy' than my last concert here: Neil Diamond. Less sequins, too.
Spinning this Sat (1/21) @ Venue in Yonkers,NY. Short nite due to another event booked in the room. Salsa from 11pm- 2am.
Sorry we couldn't make it to your #baconparty today :-( Say hi to everyone from us!
Man I Don't Care Cotto Can Do this And If He Loses Ima Still Go For Him : ) Puerto Rico !
Had mcdonalds today yum!
And swipe left on 'Me' to switch accounts
thanks girl!!! :) I will see you at the show tonight hopefully! :D
Basic Player GUI coming along the the VST Instrument. Working images to be posted shortly...
haha. True. On this specific Friday, it bears good news.
I know, guidelines, but come on with it MT : 25th day since Braun's arby. Despite guidelines, does NOT mean a verdict today.
Yeah but hopefully they throw the ball more this season & we actually win!
Dear Tweeps who are not in Learning&Development: I'm live tweeting from a conference till Wed.
On the floor now, Landers
right... Like all night
Ill sleep when Im dead
How do you eat healthy in the south? Make Tofu with Carolina BBQ sauce!
Had a good nap in class :D
Say what you want about Rex but don't tell me everyone of you media folks wouldn't prefer 2 weeks of him instead of Belichick.
U also get spam lol! U keep sending it to me! ! Someone hacked into ur twitter! U need to change ur password
SAXAppeal is back on the air TONIGHT!!! Tune in - georgetownradio.com, click "Listen Live"
Encourage someone today. A little bit of encouragement goes a long way to help someone stay on their path in life.
KNIGHT NATION BITCH.
Fire vs. Manchester United. Tons of folks out with jerseys.
What a memorable day...
What's on your to do list today?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 80
Glad to see it heading it the "right" direction for a "mobile" app.
And i absolutley hate the gaws in my mouth and the meds taste like peach Ciroc (dont ask how i kno).
R/T S/O godjthrilla on the 1's and 2's at
You did this to us. Now make it right.
#noclass.. RT : Why people think its so cool to fight outside places smh
I'm tired of just keeping my head up high & ignoring the problems..I can't take it any longer, I need to face them
p.s. what's your plan? sticking around in DC next year?
In Mpls, rescues/shelters rarely had younger small dogs. Not happy they're there, but glad for a rescue option this time arnd.
absolutely my pleasure. Can't wait till next week. I'll be back that soon.
It's always so obvious afterwards! Well, maybe not *always*
I think I'm enjoying SPSS a little too much hehe
Work is the curse of the drinking classes.
Going back to #UMW to teach EVERYONE salsa. Plus this mascot is gonna have some sweet moves.
Going to my cousin's college graduation in Louisville tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0093>
aw! Don't worry. I'd jump too :) haha
RT Social Media: Facebook Studio gives awards to Amex, Wrigley, Nike, others for social campaigns (InsideFacebook) htt...
What is the Best Rock song of all time?
Oh did we mention we're giving away FREE BOOZE at act 4 tonight??
Keys locked in car keys locked in car keys locked in car. Nightmare. Why must I sabotage myself?
Yea i think it comes back in september:)
lol hell yea he playin like a bitch
i love you Stinky Daddy! i love your new twitter :). its so cute!! Stinky wanted me to tell you how much she loves it.
hair looks amazing today on the show!
we are (: for sure!
anyone know when satellite crepes will be at the farmers market in downtown #Milwaukee ?
I just love school so much omfg<3333
About to get on my panel at #dotNXT Talking about #DotMLS value proposition, among other things
Shout out to my girl
Vodka, Caviar & Champagne Mothers Day Week. The Red Carpet Special!
New song prepped for my callback!
Battle Star Galactica if you never seen it.
Tomorrow heading to a event technology seminar at noon. Will share our notes on Twitter while at the event. Follow
They wouldn't mind Randy hanging out at Starbucks if he'd just buy some coffee once in a while.
What is your favorite food?:)
I appreciate. New shades will be in stock soon.
It's legitimately weird to not be the only #Bruins fan in any given bar. It's also weird not to be surrounded by #Caps fans. Go B's!
Can't sleep without andy's voice :( I need my STWOF cd now <3
Callaway: Recently, number of U.S. banks offering "direct deposit loans" has grown markedly.
I know some shit so hard to swallow but I just cant sit back and wallow in my own sorrow but I know one fact Ill be one tough act to follow.
On that note, I had a cupcake. . . but I eated it. :[
def - if this floats - I'm voting for the lauren conrad pastel rainbow hair next. That's my ultimate dream.
17 “: Twitter Trivia with : How old was I when I got my first tattoo? #jcpHandH”
Oh wait, you have a twitter ? how cum I didn't know bout this .
I canNOT thank you enough for that!
Why does Blue Oyster Cult sound good right now?
If you're looking for a spiritual experience this Easter, tune in to Mahler 2, the Resurrection Symphony, on right now
Adrenaline. Fear. You'd be surprised what people could do.
The way I been feelin gets me to start questionin!
Im SO HOT !
hey bro
Adairs in dallas sunday
. It's more than just the 10. Of Dels who didn't vote many were at the GA & just didn't. Also Tracy needed 51 not maj. present.
I'm 100 points away from a $10 Amazon gift card! Join in on the fun! #GourmazingGiveaway by 's
"First of all saying a player is better because of their shooting percentage or PER is retarded. The eye test is all that matters!!! "
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, "The LORD bless you and keep you;the LORD make his face shine upon you and be gracious to you;...
For a righteous man falleth seven times, and riseth up again; But the wicked are overthrown by calamity. (Proverbs 24:16
“: This show is stupid. #bachelor #thereisaidit” but you're still watching, and so am I
omg. why am i so sad?
Merry Christmas!! :) Happy Birthday to Jesus and my sister Maryann. 17 year old. Wow :)
Getting excited for Monday - we've got a Pro Bartending Class at 11am and book club Monday night!
Interesting - Universal CSS Frameworks. I need to check this out.
If I never see another picture on facebook of mcdonalds chicken nuggets being made.....
Just got a great mini archive of Gary Panter ephemera and comics - Golden Hell, Road Kill, Dal Tokyo, more. Fun!
I am NOT letting you pay 250 for me. That's crazy! Plus VIP is all gone. :(
I am NOT a fan of digital college textbooks. I would likely not be able to use them at work where I do much of my homework & reading!
SHE'S DAD
Congrats on the nursing job ! Now I can officially tell to stop "Liz-ing" his beer whenever we play caps!
off to the recording studio. =-p what are you up to?
If 'rather' rhymes with 'bother' and you wear pleated pants, wtf bro.
When she graduate , im leaving !
Happy Birthday to everyone who only ages every four years.
"You're the most athletic here!" Drunk girl on racine ave
Agreed. At this point they need to get it done so they can put this distraction to bed and stop annoying fans!
Favorite quote:"you have to know where hip hop has been to know where it's going." do you think this applies to other genres?
Thanksgiving? Sorry, but it's Nov. 1! Join us for our annual Thanksgiving Day Buffet; reservations are filling up fast!
Rev. MacGregor, thanks for following!
is still looking for a show on Saturday March 17th. Please email us @ if you have or know of a venue
Be sure to pick up your Appalachian Granny orders today because we are closed Thanksgiving Day and Friday!
holy cow!! Is the building ok???
trying to find it, really cool
Oversized screen printing is amazing.
Those are awesome! I've never seen them before - thanks for the link! :)
Goat Cheese is da bomb!!!
I think I'd skip it.
So far, what has been the greatest day of your life?
Believe that you have it, and you have it.
Rebuilding a program...or changing a culture?
I smell a CNN show for Normie
"I have done my best", that is about all the philosophy of living that one needs -Lin-yutang
People think im a happy person... Truth is. Its just a
Cool. I gotta finish some work & if I'm still pissed then I'll send my rant. Can't believe people get paid 4 this shit thinking.
MIchael Jackson's movie hits theatres...all the details...plus today's headlines, traffic and rain comng back to the forecast..join us at 5!
Bout to get a cut yesterday was tough
I didn't know I could take anyone. I'm down for whatever.
Have some GREAT fundraising for middle schoolers? D/M message me with your ideas.
What is an adverb
Chris I cry everynight . I need you back .
Havent been tweeting as much lately
One exam down, one more to go...then
Not sure, but i really want an update!
You've got hacked<3 i love you boo.
Shes made the past three and a half years hell,But its worth it.Im sure she thinks the same.Still walking thru fire. But i love her to death
Just FYI… You know who pulled off an AMAZING impromptu performance at The Prophet Bar last night? and Zech Hogan…
#FF 2 amazing hubs of innovation in chicago #TECH and
thank you!
Thanks Paul! I know and are really excited for the visit! It was an honor to make the list w/
Solid night with <3
Wishing the happiest of holidays and safe travels to everyone!
I agree... Once they turn it around, this team will be scary! Great bullpen, great lineup, talented rotation..
Corvettes are the poodles of cars.
Amateurs built the ark... professionals built the titanic.
also hello to new follower
Argh, Apple can't even get App sync to work properly through iTunes and they expect me to put my files in iCloud.
signed a 37 page confidentiality contract so couldn't take any pics. they don't do tours of CBS its not like WB or universal.
Heading to ? Its the time to invest in some new sweet SABRE shades. With a few new styles to choose from, you'll look god
2,200 lbs of produce harvested from the community garden campus this year! 1,869 lbs. donated to the Community Kitchen on Ohio Ave.
I would love to see how the Arab world is reporting this story. Not much on AlJazeera English.
Go hell of a series!!! Congratulations to the new champions!
Rise and Grind Peeps ... It's Sunday and it's ON
GOSH im so JEALOUS right now it's ridicioulus
Parent organizers over 3/4 collected by bonafide parent leaders
ok then, ryan takes out staks. bummer, as i like staks. but nice result for ryan. guess it helps arriving more than 24 hrs before match...
I thought I was a dinosaur! I find that writing my first draft helps me organize & better express my thoughts.
Great tip from : tag vids with a unique keywd like your name spelled backwards to group related videos as yours.
I wanna go for a long walk.
Getting free drinks >>>
Fonts HD is (will be) a resource for web developers, graphic designers, businesses, or just anyone who needs HD quality text graphics!
The truth is, I fucking love you
“: The Under Boob or the Side Boob, which one is better?”>> Aha, is this a rhetorical question. No answer is wrong.
Sounds very enjoyable. Bluebonnets are in full bloom here. Mixing bluebonnets and hot air balloons this Sat. if wx cooperates.
Still love my team. #SeeRed hoe.
my ma tlkn to my big sister ,idk wat the convo on but all i heard was "two racks aint shit to a bottom bitch yahemi" i was hollin
Got a new #iphone 4S yesterday. Feels just like my 4 but with Siri...
Do we, homo sapians, ever dream of becoming a "decent" human beings as much as we dream about accomplishing our goals in this material world
best friend
haha why not? It's entertaining and all, but I mean shiiiiiit.
Excited to attend (Boston World Partnerships) Open Mixer tomorrow night!
RT : I'm voting for whoever promises to stop TV commercials from being 38 times louder than the show you're watching.
Children in female-headed families are often deprived of two types of resources that a father might provide-economic and socioemotional
Don't miss Cindy Scott at TOMORROW at 7pm & at the #JazzFest Fri 12:30 WWOZ Jazz Tent!
Kind words can be short and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless
I take it the juicing diet is loonnggg gone ;) Glad you had a good time! Sorry I missed
Now following :D
So. Hot. Can't. Sleep.
Disappointments are just God's way of saying: "I've got something better"' Be patient, live life, have faith.
Oops! Sorry, I meant "Bachman". Same goes for Malkin too!
fail, i meant co-host. lol
I love Canada. Back again!
Not a strike
forsho dont think twice about hmu when you see me tweeting xoxo
This could be epic!!!
If she hasnt had her period yet....
zima?? Who invited the jail bait?!
Underserved populations are adapting to mobile quickly - 1 bill/mnth, don't need home phone or computer. #nonprofit (via )
I KNOW :D
yea I'm at my house drunk as shit
You're so kind:) Not even kidding!
One follower away from 100! Whoever the 100th follower is will get a tweet
Going to have a glass of wine in Santa Monica...
Packard at #NEASC11, big picture of multiple data systems on campus. Helpful slide noting how many diff systems & variety of who sees what.
Pete to fact check, but I think I was at the first dinner in Boston? 2007? Cc
just finished a supplemental airport drawing for the new body of work.
to each his/her own. Personally - I just asked for less hours at a job that gave me 60 hour weeks and they laid me off entirely.
thanks for the follow! Looking forward to your tweets!
you're a fake because none of MB has their own personal account
#NowPlaying Only Girl In The World- Rihanna
How do the school closings affect that stat?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and MERRY CHRISTMAS for you Marlyn<3 x have a great day, God Bless!
Mahalo for the Re Elise! I just downloaded it too!
Nathan's in elk grove. Regent In pocket fuji on Freeport. New lei wah on Freeport
Likewise! I'd like that! Though I'm kinda stuck in suburbia w/o a car. Eep!! Planning to move closer to the bay this yr.
Do you use Dewey Decimal in Canada? If not, what?
Preparing 4 Friday's sport psychology workshop with 30 Swimming coaches. Focusing on getting swimmers in their Ideal Performance State -IPS
“: this team and city love you just as much. Owners who care are amasin!” AMASIN!
Consider investing in a dimmer switch. It saves energy and lengthens the life of your light bulbs.
my knees feel for you! Brave
You all have a tangible product to sell/market. What recommendations would you have for prof services orgs to engage in SM?
Where are the seats located for the game?
Hank Williams #vinyl buys part 2: Let Me Sing A Blue Song, First, Last & Always, The Unforgettable.
Okay!!! Thanks Jay... I can always count on you.. ILY!!!
thanks for the recommendation! Re: "Yeah That's His", maybe yourmasque will inspire a new piece, hm..
i didnt mean to offend u its says #teamsingle up dere and dat dosent mean u gotta unfollow me u dont even know me
If life is so short then maybe we shouldn't complain when the days seem long. Wishing for long days & endless nights <3
Now roll me up.
Thanks for the follow! :)
awesome. I'm flying to NYC Monday at 9am. I can do an 8am Pacific call. Is that too early?
gasp! hadn't heard! when is it, doll?
Garrison At #packers: keys to success: leverage the DB, segment for multiple goals in ea. send, cust. lifecycle guides emails.
the TITANIC its like 3 hours long!!!!!
hahaha that's like the main reason in going lol haha
Enjoyed working with #LPC (O) Exec Board in #Niagara yesterday. Looking fwd to working with South-west and Northern regions soon.
biznass! meetings w/ our exchange partners at univ of bologna (italy) & univ of ludwigsburg (germany). sans bebe :(
Get to know your board, research: motivations, interests rivalries.
Am I taking crazy pills here or something? Some dude thinks it's OK to wear a Cubs hat to a game!
The greatest thing you<U+FFFD>ll ever learn. Is just to love and be loved in return. Eden Ahbez
haha, now THAT is how #FF is done! ;) greatness huh? You are too kind! Look fwd to seeing u in ATL in 2 weeks!
A lot of spinning plates... going to be an amazing event - hope to see you there!
Jabba the Hut snowman.
my eyes are hot and burn I look like this ---> -.-
Its a beautiful day to be cruisin' in my Red Ford Mustang. $$. Who cares GAS PRICES are high. I'm not paying. YOU ARE! HAHA.
amen sister! Any fun plans?
yeah. Oh well..I might go and bring a sign that says: "this show would be so much better if Adub were here"...haha.
Working on another design, it will be another concept that very much works effortlessly
lmfao! I'm so funny(:
Life doesn't have to be perfect to be wonderful. (:
Not so. That would be something we intend to change. We accept all nationalities. Feel free to submit.
As crazy as they all may be... Family is family. You never know when you'll see them last, so make every moment count.
However our defense would prob end Manning's career, so he better join the to avoid gettin hit by Aldon.
Joe Quesada just said the first swear of the night! SWEEEAAAR JAR!
omg that was the most depressing thing ive ever read in my life... but thanjs for showing me x
Follow me on twitter
doing the dougie :P
D3 sends good luck wishes today to B.B., K.T. & L.D.! Also, best wishes going out to L.F. & E.M. later this week! Huge D3 congrats to N.N.!
#ObamaInHistory His page in the history books won't be a story, it will be an invoice. To the next generation. To pay for all of his FAIL.
went well. I'll have to teach another one soon. Now writing up the 200 and 300 series.
“: Seeing people change isn't what hurts. What hurts is remembering how they used to be.”
One tip for first time car buyers ...if the car aint a quarter of one of ya paychecks..don't get it!
- up for the Santa Ball after your cookie party on Thursday?
NF#3 Chia seeds are nature's energy bar: they improve stamina, endurance, energy & focus levels, & even keep u hydrated
what's his name loves 80's hip hop. And it's practically a direct quote. So... Maybe not so crazy.
Happy morning with coffee and Sex in the City
If I get one more email from "We Are Wisconsin"....
Visit me at work! I'm there at noon :(
Accident at Monona Drive & Broadway. Right lane closed WB Broadway.
Check out my just uploaded pictures of Filmapalooza from March, 2012!
love me , love me , say that you love me....
Adam Jones homer, one of the best centerfielders in the game
Have a great weekend!
": "I wasn't that drunk." ... "Dude, you washed your hands in the toilet and peed in the sink.""
We wish you and your family a blessed Easter weekend!
of course bro you fuckin wit it or you goin b4 that ?
happy 2 follow u. Is there any ecommerce system u refer your clients to?
Rupaul's Drag Race needs celebrity season where former GOP candidates forced to compete
But I have hips AND a tummy. But I'm workin' on the tummy.
Who loves me?
Who knows? Right now he could play 1B.
i'd rather have my ipod charged than my phone
when are we going to know the 40 man roster call ups? Any idea?
How's Your Day Going? (:
DOING THE MOST!
Voice over acting is great . I've been doing silly voices since I was a child.
Everybody Wondering Whose #JonnyTee Soul Swagger (My Label)/Island/Def Jam Digital Distribution (My Distributor)
is it going to happen for sure??
Thanks for taking the time to write up your response!
I want to go to Denny's<U+E022>
tankyou so much! You are very kind & I appreciate you! Have an awesome day today. May God bless you HUGE
": So here i am again, Staying up All night, listening to songs that remind me of You & everything we Had."
Thanks! I appreciate your help.
i get that too.. odd...lol
Spring Break is coming up - give us a call to check on your school's delivery schedule.
I wish too. We have to take finals at the end month of June! We get out June 25 because of snow days! But I get out the 22
That moment when I wish I had a older brother or a dad to knock some since into every guy that hurts me :/
thank you for the follow
but did you find your Captain Darling?
what is going on with the Gorilla this season? He is not...himself.
Rehearsing for live shows.
Ate too much food & drank too much beer this weekend & my tummy is not shy in reminding me. This week: spin class.
wear any fascinators lately? ;)
I would love to do a SE Asia cruise to see a ton of places at once- it would be the trip of a lifetime!
RT : Super sore today. Maurice at kicked my butt in jazz class yesterday! Lol
Your IMBD profile doesn't have your new tweets on it. Looks like it has an old tweet from 2 years ago?
We will be coming some Friday soon! I promise!
Budgets passed
Mom: I see that you're all dressed up, where are you going? Daughter: To the bathroom, I need a new Facebook picture.
can we be the illusionists just once? Im just sayin bro damn.
Bloggers need to stop neglecting itunes and YouTube
trying to figure out how the heck twitter works!
Why doesn't that look like a quality iPhone 4 image? Have you not gotten it yet?!
This is the 9th year the Assembly is memorializing the Holocaust
Glad you'll be joining us!! The #leanUX workshop should be really good.
good luck lol
Does Squawk ever change? We are in the season of the BEAR. Good time to sell short. Forget the babble. just look around.
only way Jets make playoffs is win at MIA and get CIN loss, TEN loss and Oakland loss or Denver loss. There's Still hope!! :D
happy monday..coffee, coffee!!
Holy heat! Come grab a $6 craft cocktail today! I recommend the Hemingway Daiquiri. Citrus, rum, luxardo, yes.
Haven't heard.. and I don't expect anything official tonight..but will pass on what I get. Hope you're still singing, Beck.
Its ALWAYZ a Trey Songz mood over here! That's my dude!
Referee Tony Weeks looks like he marched with Dr. King, old civil rights hair cut
Salty, yet hilarious --> RT Someone pull Bobby Brown off the fryer at Rally's and let him know he's back in the money.
The Toadies sucked.
RT : A1: My photography skills (I took a few college classes) have been invaluable!
Everywhere We Go Moms Be Talking Bout Someone -__-
Engage your senior leaders in designing a curriculum to design AND create buy in from above
Speak english its not kool its cool.
Hey you,! Yeah you. I order you to tweet me this instant !!!! ^.^
When is your next #networking event?
It takes special gumption to pick on graduate students like that. She is shameful.
Casey Ley, tonight's featured comic, hasn't updated his facebook Page since 2010. Now that's confidence! Catch him at COBO 8p tonight!
will be there. RT : Follow meet-up in Chicago this week hashtag #zoocon1 . may there be many more!
God wants us to love Him so much that any other love we have pales in comparison.
Good evening everyone. How is everybody doing tonight?
Sounds like a great evening.
Thanks again for a great HallowGreen. Photos coming soon!
I love being up early enough to catch "bluegrass etc" w frank hoppe on sundays. Good stuff!
Don't know how many people got your Marilu Henner memory reference, but ... that's pretty funny.
So, Madge promises no #SuperBowl wardrobe malfunctions. But she must have something up her sleeve. Your predictions?
correction...North America! :)
really tho. i got these bittys trona hit me lik the lottery
WE MISS YOU!!!
cool I am glad that she is pleased, enjoy y'all Sunday, mothers Day. soon get her gift of jewelry & get 20% off
The cabin in the woods
lauren you can drive. and try not to crash into any houses, oh and the brake is on the left(;
#BowDay was a success :] off to bed <3 love you al :*
Indeed! A great night!
"Participation Makes A Great Nation."
#Perm. C/C++ Developer in #NYC. Client is looking for just 2 - 4 years exp. Great place to put your career on fast track. #C #C++
When you struggle to put your gym clothes on because you're so sore, you should probably take the day off!
A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. - John Barrymore
I already wanna leave.
really? That's late I think. Ours this Saturday and still need to get a dress. :/
It's been years since Mitt Romney has been in any Sunday news shows, missing countless opportunities to lie.
“: yoooo follow my boys and they are making some HITS this week babbyyyyy” #RebelRockFamily!!!
Your tweets make ME so fucking hard
Shirts get dirty. Underwear gets dirty. Pants? Pants never get dirty, and you can wear them forever...
30 Wings and 5 lbs of spare ribs?! Impressive!
A nice good weekend. Just me and him.
haha she know who DB just not the same DB yu kno.... But does she really Sluss or Ian I think yu bein Ian
mine too!!
Good morning!!
The Good, the Bad, and the Ugly.
I just won 3 stuffed animals out of those crane machines - holla.
Decades after the nameplate’s debut, Porsche 911 still wows
Thank you for all your RTs ..:-)
So for the past 5 hours I've been watching Austin's videos then I look at the time and it's already 3am
lucky mother fucker
So far...but questionable. I'm going to give them a test drive today. Um, I got these from Buffalo... $35.
We have a new lunch special today! Arroz con Pollo (rice with chicken) with black beans and plantains! Happy Friday!
i love you cuz u got your own SWAG..
did you fail math?
Hahaha I proofread it for you.
I'm determined to meet this summer.
no kidding. I can't think of a single situation where they're ok.
I think I'd like to read that book.
And shit just got real...
Ew...well thanks, um..for that.
welcome to the world!!! Thank you for my message. I love you, your mommy and your daddy! 11/11/11 really is the luckiest day!
's helping me with math.~
THESIS: SUBMITTED.
Congrats to LaMarcus Aldridge, who always wanted to be an NBA All-Star. Tonight, he reached that goal, named to the West team
I'll be leaving soon. Need to eat! Left tools for you, just ask the pretty ladies where they are.
#notfornothin but the presser should be concerning ______?
Our just opened at More options for java! RT : Also, there's a Coffee Bean in Wailea - also news to me.
On my way to the benefit concert! #pumped!
Taking off to the beach tonight ! :) staying ina hotel for two days, missing school ! I love when my parents do this ! #SOO EXCITED<U+2665>
Hey How can I remove a promoted tweet from a column.? I've tried everything. I WANT IT GONE!
The girls on The Bad Girls Club are by far the most childish people on this planet.
YES! But Atleast We Can Text, And Tweet :)
Done with group presentations ...... Wasn't bad just happy its over
day four stuck in bed w/ meds & soup. Pretty positive I have cabin fever at this point! skraight up
sure thats why loser
Aww... My little sister is immitating Ron on 'Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone' when he tried to turn his rat yellow! So cute
Thanks for the follow! We heart The Counter here at #Treater!
I saw man holding baby behind the bench in first. Dark haired lady holding baby behind bench later.
I remember all the good memories Lebron. The memories you gave me in Cleveland will last a lifetime!!! Ya boy Freddie
I promise to be 100% honest and truthful, just please do not hurt me for I am easily destroyed.
Anyone looking to buy a house? I'll give you a great deal!!
Tweet me <3
Love when I have to do all the work for a project.
Game 2, for obvious reasons, is huge. Lets hope it's a better game at least
*Lost connections of the heart are going to be restored
i know its hard to get all the blogs on there, but i'd definitely nominate and on that list...
I like you, but I really like your damn chain
lol we love you Jamie
That ranks up there with cardinal sin 1: flash photography!
had a nice time tonight taking my little sis out for her birthday with ! good times! :)
can this day never end?? either that or summer could start now
My big plans for a night at the gym #fail fail fail ugh
#Np So Appalled
We can probably arrange something -- stay tuned for some delicious giveaways next week!
ITS ELECTRIC!!!!!
Good morning everyone, who got #snow? Completely dry here in Belltown! Don't forget HH all day on Tuesday's!
Goodbye Levon Helm and Men at Work guy. We will continue to enjoy your music.
Still don't have a working laptop...
For those of you tweeting about fall, this is called overcast. Talk to me when the sun comes out and it feels like this
Come out to Dave& Buster's for our Monthly Networking event. we are having a Halloween Event Mention M.P.E.G. and parking is free
i was just thinking the same thing!
$41 mil to implement DOJ reforms at SPD? DOJ says Mayor's number is way too high, not even remotely close. at 7:06.
When are you going to CALL?!!!
- congrats on your sale of Norchester Village!
FOLLOW YOUR FIRST OFFICIAL ARMY! ! !
GRADUATED!! ...now what?
Mary Massei with a one-out single in the third for UW. Michigan with a pitching change.
You are SO helpful! can you please help get to 800 with me ! please & thanks! your the best<3
What a bummer the #Daytona500 was postponed! My sympathies to all my fellow #NASCAR fans who won't be able to watch it today!
I can't play for my life, how bout you?
Dance show was amazing! So proud of all my girls<3
Putting in work with my teammates C
Just bought a ticket to hear Cecil Taylor at on May 17. I am excited!
Can't wait to get off of work
that moment when u diss someone so bad. ah, priceless.
I'm officially in Love ..
thats allz i want is a cuddle buddy
van horn. But for all that is good and holy in this world I beg of you never to visit that vile land.
thanks Greg. Following you now, follow back to stay in touch.
Apple Store down... Is this FCPX?! Eh... Probably nothing.
Hum I might have to right more then one story......
TGIF!!!! Have fun, be safe, and keep looking fabulous!!"
or if the lettering is worn off RT : You may be a Jewish journalist if your J-key gets stuck.
I don't really give a fuck and my excuse is that I'm young.
Auditioned for Dickens' Carolers group. I love Christmas.
I hear ya...good idea!
Happy #FF to you too!
have you ever had one of those days where you just wonder what direction to head in next????
Lol! April & I do too!! You should see her house, btw - GORGEOUS!!!
Gaul unbelievable save from close range! The only reason we're still in this is Alexa Gaul in goal for Texas. She keeps the shutout alive!
Whenever I see someone do the GCF sign, but don't mean for it to be GCF, I tell them to hold it up longer so I can take a picture.
happy to entertain!
Pity, love and power: everything a sinner needs in a savior.
one of those GOOD days today. Hope you all enjoyed it as much as I did!
Blink 182 & My Chemical Romance Friday 10/7 Red Rock
I'm gonna follow u just cuz u from my hood....SOUF PHILLY!!!...sorry had 2 get alil ghetto wit the souf
lawyerly sins. Haha. I promise to take pics. The only info I'll divulge is ... 9 courses.
#GrandTheftAutoMemories shattering the glass to steal the viper
Obama, dj lance rock-- kinda the same voice
Must it rain EVERY Monday
Got my paws on the 2012-2013 Bentley schedule - pretty solid OOC schedule.
no calls or txts i jus want sum space rite now. . . .
Hey back! Just wanted to say make sure to DM your email if you want to enter. You can also attend our free intro Thursday :)
Conrad is on his way to the airport as we tweet.
Stacy I Luv U! Follow Me Please! Want to Support You Girl
lol lies :p what have you been up to stranger.?
Santa just walked in to Lala's! Merry Christmas!
If santorums the nominee, its democrats til the year 3000...
I wish this for my kids but them being so young and being into girls and junk...how do us as a parent motivate them to move higher?
dude I feel like that everyday! Haha
Do you really care?
I just sent you an email in response to your HARO query looking for experts – please look for a note from Lindsey Serhan!
It is Vegas
that's sick! and you're welcome!
Hm grammar's always fun....
Aint no sunshine when she's gone. Only darkness everyday!
I just saw a fat chick with period on her head's avi and she is crispy!!
May the fourth be with you!
I should start sleeping more.
Thrilled to have just accepted position with #semesteratsea Fall 2011 voyage.
So far #MFF2011 is turning out to be a great Fest. We Need To Talk About Kevin and The Interrupters are two faves so far!
fly so high come play with me n friends
I just took a nice hot shower now I'm really tired.
Ocean's 11 & Ocean's Eleven. Celebrate 50th anniversary of the original. GRAVEYARD DOUBLE FEATURE Thursday nite 4am. Movies & Mai Tais
today while I was taking out the trash it was FULL of BACKHAIR!
I know your fantasy feels great but facing your reality will help you grow.
I finally understand the phenomena that is Carly Rae Jepsen
God promised me what he has in mind not what I have
Reform of education not enough-because system is broken. Need revolution, not evolution.
This is a really cool idea!
Yo, just peeped you and FAB's discussion. DISAPPOINTED for a number of reasons and VERY pleased for others. Let's get to solutions
i nearly pooped my pants watching the movie!!
Just got a Twitter account and sent a request for Pinterest. Need to write. Want to read. Is smoke coming out my ears yet?
All I ate today was a buritto from Chipotle
Wait... are you into Doctor Who? Did I know this?
from the number of time I have bought and sold I could just feel the anguish coming, I like how ethicaly it was handled.
Viking helmet, eh? Would that now make you Sarah Thor-ney?
this is what he said.. "you know we can't go out because we live over 100 miles apart, right..?" /;
No problem bruh.
Good morning, i hope your day is perfect.
Love when I re-read one of my tweets and it makes no fucking sense. I'm a dolt.
Thanks to the for sponsoring the winning prize for each night of !
I don't think anyone should write their autobiography until after they're dead.
YAY! I just bought me some pink hair extensions! :)
Haha did you reply back to the hater?
WE NEED TO MAKE ALGeVRA FUN!!
Throw your hands in the ayyeerr, if you're a true playa.
Also, did you know is the smallest arena transforms for their rodeos?
People only use about ten percent of their true potential. Why?
When you see my face for it gives u hell *
we need to get r band off the ground.. I don't kno about yall but I WANNA ROCK!!!!
The awkward moment when u have your twitter pack with tweets to Tyler Posey and never get a reply back from him!...lol <3...
Today was the greatest day ever! :)
well victim this..*does the harlem shake well shaking all the items (outta your hello kitty bookbag) onto the floor. Muhaha
Circumstances are rarely unique to us -- someone somewhere has endured the same thing. It is our response that sets us apart.
Hey there I am from FL! How about you!?
Oh, I can only imagine what this was like in audio form! I'm going to have to listen to the sample!
For beauty and more check out founded by Gigi Perez.
That UA commercial dirty as fuck
hope you liked
Things are going good. I always start tri season with a wicked cold. This was no different. :)
just followed hella people follow me back and SUPPORT MY MUSIC PLEASE!
Knowing what the word aesthetic means. And how to use it in a sentence.
i love getting packages in the mail,<3
The only thing worse than a broken heart is knowing you would give them a chance to do it all over again..."
Looking forward to the International CES, world's largest consumer technology tradeshow, in Vegas next year!
Play it woody! Love the vocs too.
Lol imma let it go! Uniat hope these hoes never say shit to me cause I will bring it up!
Went to Chili's yesterday and DD had a hamburger with no bun b/c ingredients were unknown. Wondering why they couldn't figure it out.
Watching THE VALET, its in french!
yes next time for sure. Looking forward to the new website too :-)
no bosh? sounds like an easy heat win. sorry !
Happy to be home out of the rain
My little Everett was struck by a car backing out of its driveway. Just a few scrapes on his arms and legs. He had his Nutcase helmet on!
Feeling like a huge dork. Super excited to #SpotTheShuttle today!
It's not always about what's said. Sometimes, it's about what isn't said.
Remember that time when I said I would pick up buttons at #fridaycoffeeclub? My sleep brain thought it was a hilarious joke.
Running home to take care of Will have to listen to the game on the radio.
My "bold" prediction: if the Caps tie this game at 1-1, then they will win this game.
Wow my mom wont even to take me to sushi to celebrate.
Atta girl! "TRATU2" new acyronym "the rules apply to you too!"
": According to National Geographic, redheads might become extinct by the year 2060." Are they gonna kill the ones born b4 then?
I wanna be in a movie before I die. YOLO.
american idol had the best show tonight, JOSHUA blow the roof off im sorry, he killed No More Drama!!!
Have a little literary fun with #SeussSpeare for Shakespeare in Seussical rhyme!
Feeling very happy with my commute after feeling like I've been driving nonstop all morning to get to meetings.
Happy, thankful, and blessed! Giving Jesus a hand! (clap, clap!) Rise & Smile!!!
If you're an "Idea Guy" you might want to jump on the bandwagon to boycott the hackathon by .
you look SO pretty!!
I'll admit it ... I am craving something fierce!
people could use that as a drinking game. every time you see that lyric on tumblr take a shot. bitches would get DRUNK. ;)
magic school bus hurry!
GOT NEW HEADPHONES!!!
have you used the stuff? With its expanding action? It's nuts.
if I go down there it won't b to go to the game, can't afford it. But I'm always down for a party
ya sync seems to be working now. But my points are all out of whack
I never thought a movie about sewing mouths to assholes and making people eat poop could be so frigging boring
*My Dad lol Someone told ______ that I can dance , now he wants me to dance for him !
We hold individuals to a higher moral standard than we do corporations. Do you agree?
Marc, thanks for coming out, and we're glad all of your students made it!
performing tonight!
#OBMA Welcomes #OBAMA Old #Bellevue Merchants Assoc.
The windy night blew all the clouds away. Its beautiful and cool. I'm done with my trading for the day. Another stellar performance. Yeehaw
I'm preparing someone to be our fourth :)
YOU GO KATY
so what you're saying is she's a genius and likely way smarter than a talk show host?
We're really looking forward to the Seattle 2.0 awards tonight! Hope to see you there!
Blown out tire. Fucking fantastic.
Lunch & book
Yes and I have heard from also that DC does it BIG when the sun sets ;-)
The fact that 402 is officially getting sold next week makes me want to cry! So many memories in that place
can I have your things if you land on the island?
NO I have to wear safety glasses now when I'm out on the production floor!
Saints just walking all over the miners in the last minute.
Oh boy. Is she just upset or did she hurt herself?
Pshaw, everyone knows turkey basters bring LIFE, not DEATH
you unfollowed me on twitter
HEY GUYS WATCHING LOOK GREAT
oh and promise to watch tonight. It's my grandmas birthday tomorrow! 91 years young!
can't- going to NY for my sisters graduation from Pharm-D! I should probably tell you my webcam is a little broken-phone later?
you are the devil
DJ Kidd Star hosts the Atlanta House Party tonight at Sutra Lounge; no cover, drink specials, and live entertainment all night long!
“: y'all barely lost to them in they house with all their starters last week.....take the W sir!”<--true
This time a yr ago we figured something was up. #usa use has risen 6x in last hr, says Statweestics
and I bet that's an understatement! Haha
I was with Mike as a boy seeing cy youngs. 500th win
Restructuring city govt across-the-board is avenue to balance budget, eliminate deficit, pay down debt, & provide efficient core services.
todays my birthday.... , , , please tweet me my bday will be 10 times better :)
the lineman may be blocking well, but if you never "hit the hole" you never will get any yardage...
Going to school sick <<<
50? Are you sure? Feels like about 500. But what a time to score. Top effort too.
RT : RT : noon: Welfare reform to Food Stamp Nation, w/Jason DeParle & Michael Reisch, UM School of Social Work.
wish I could kick my feet up and be fed grapes
Chelsea FC all day everyday..FA Champions
when you are at your lowest, look up!!! and when you are at your highest, take a second to look down!!
Little by little the Dolphins are coming back... No matter what, I'll still buy wine from Wine Library
Caught part of Obama's speech on the radio. If half the nasty things he said about Republicans were true, I might consider voting for them.
What a foggy Joseph Cornell-y day. Perfect for first read of Hotel Cassiopeia
Are you going to the a rocket to the moon and all american rejects concert tomorrow in st. pete?
#Adobe is going to do a $50 /month subscription for CS6 Master Suite. I like this because the $2600 was pricing out the little guys.
I think it souns like you need the keys to the city.
need a golf partner? Langdon farms is calling our name. :-)
What happened at Kelly Elementary school in Carlsbad on Friday?
you can call 311 or simply give all the location info & issue in a tweet to
New post at www.thewhalestale.blogspot.com apologies for strange formatting. Internet access is spotty at best.
I watched this I literally was crying so much! Thank u so much for posting this!<U+2764>
USA Today: Number of painkiller-addicted newborns triples in 10 years - dagblog (blog)
Great effort by #Spurs bench tonight. Held their own w/ a good chance to get W over Lakers who played heavy starter minutes.
Gripfasts are great but now I prefer Tuks.
Im soo bored , anyone wanna tweet ? hmu (:
thanks to at #offthegrid I'll be uncomfortably full for the rest of the afternoon.
My bad. Even 6-7% is unacceptable. Mebbe By the time girls graduate w/CS degree it will be even-steven?
FOLLOW ME ON MY MAIN (:
i over think too much, and make myself cry. i need to stop.
Two ways I try to improve my writing: eliminate the adverbs, and review the value of the adjectives.
Arabs really know how to sing Happy Birthday...
sounds like a plan.
Finally rewatching entourage. Took five minute to remember why it's my favorite show and further learn how amazing the writers are
GOODDOGS in the Menil parking lot until 3PM today. Kick off the fall season with the best tofu dog in town--great art and great hotdogs.
#IHateWhenPeople/Teachers, talk while we're supposed to be reading during class. #stfu!
Another reason why I would rather blaze, NO HANGOVER'S! Yesterday was dope tho for sure thank you everyone who came out to rock with P.I.T
": I'm aware I'm a sarcastic bitch, but that's just my body's natural defense against lies, drama, and stupidity."
Crossing fingers & sending congratulations!! So pleased for you all.
it is better! I hope you have a good day :))
Thank you!
Our baking motto: If you can't say it don't eat it. We use all natural ingredients you can pronounce & find in your own cupboards!
DEMO09 has begun! Cool companies so far: BitGravity - live streaming HD content & Zuora - subscription-based monetization for Facebook
Damn i just realized I havent tried talking to #oomf in a long time.
Hey everyone ^,-,^
I'm already very comfortable with our offensive talent but we will be adding another piece to an already well put together puzzle.
"A rising tide lifts all boats" JFK
there are no secrets in the coaching world lol I heard hockinson girls Job is open. Any word on who may get it?
Stressing about things you can't control is unnecessary so take a deep breathe and enjoy today.
of course, as you are well aware, I sing a lot over everything. I sing "little bird" to the cat almost every day
Good to see you! RT Hung out too briefly with #JRI at [pic]: 4sq.com/oORMu5
I'm thinking of hiring a lawyer to fight for my right to party.
all u need is field turf.
Just cataloged a letter from "Little" Edie Beale!
I officially love the :)))
can u check to see how old you have to work at wendys
Goals are not only absolutely necessary to motivate us;they are essential to really keep us alive
ok cool. I try to swing by the vendor booths as well. Have a safe trip out there.
President has a call into the Pentagon...in case doesn't win tonight...
#Dontlietome when it comes to my mom or dad. You should feel guilty as fuck.
Happy Veterans Days! Thank you for your service and sacrifice! <3
Just got from the meetin' w/ my momma. Now at Popeyes gettin' me some food. . ! Fenna smash this & Pizza Hut! Aye <3 #Swagg!
Stop complaining about your so called nightmare clients online. It's unprofessional and just makes you look bad.
Wish I could take the credit, but that was Mary Lucia's doing. Have you ever heard Belew's "Salad Days" collection? It's AMAZING!
If Greek doesn't show up you may have voted for us already
#Eating up now.
what's good cudi what y'all doing tonight??
THAT is your favorite thing? That's a little weird...
Oh no I'm out of gum!
#liber2011 I'm amazed to learn that 'good enough' cataloging isn't widely adopted across the UK. Surely BIG budget cuts will change this?
Kids spend over 16,000 hours of their life in school, yet come out failing to function in the real world.
Wonder if your thinkin abt me or giving ur attention to someone else..SHOULD NEVER FEEL THIS WAY
“: Losing Your Virginity.? Its #BetterwithConfetti”
Is in the salon...
you should do a commentary of you doing it super speed
goddamnit where can I get some artisanal ice trays??
Thanks We're excited to be taking the airwaves!
hey its i reached my max tweets haha my fav HU song is levitate <3
Visit us @ allsportsshopping.com
Is Gina Gershon nominated tonight? For "Best Actress Who Stole My Cab on 34th St"?
Little different then ur usual religious tweets. #disappointed RT : nothing wrong with random hookups :)
Thanks Brian!
Go to Daikokuya if you can. Best ramen!
#genomesolver #curenet dave micklos, cold spring harbor, discussing iPlant, an NSF cyberinfrastructure project (and defining what that is)
The only problem with my perfect day is that there is so much pollen my blue Explorer looks yellow! And the associated sneezing!
thanks! and for the record, we definitely thought y'all deserved better than honorable mention. great idea !
if any of you happen to see today remind him to wish me a happy birthday, k? k thanks (;
I saw your stream of posts related to tech and intelligence, noticed the word technoshaman in your profile. I follow.
Two great auditions yesterday...one for a Casting Agent and one for a film....one more today
Chicago heads - MICHAL MENERT and supervision tonight at the bottom lounge, it's gonna get rowdy.
yup yup
The answer is NO.
Happy birthday!
Heading anywhere fun?
I Wonder Who Gon Be Here Tomorrow ?? Hm :).
Is that today? Happy Birthday! :) Have fun, whatever you decide!
SYNC's Vehicle Health Report* service allows you to monitor your vehicle's health
<U+263B>Get up off your ass, forget the past...Future is what you've got, run with it...
"Woots" are great plays and "Dubs" are great wins!!
thank you for the follow. Happy to promote or retweet anything great for my followers. Nice site w: variety a parent needs
thx! I gotta check it out.
I forgot to say - haha! ": My boss (the CEO) just asked me to fix an excel spreadsheet, because there were too many ##‘s in it.
was yr issue with our signal ever resolved?
i was working hard to find a way to somehow work in "linternship" and "linterpretive dance" THERES ALWAYS NEXT TIME
The Elsevier boycott seemed pretty successful to me.
Gotta stay up to date on all the new technology! media.threadless.com/product/1397/zoom.gif
Reminiscing with old friends about the past it's always fun <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm probably fucked for all the stuff other people have done.
Yeshua is present in the Siddur not simply through references to Mashiach ben David.
Can't wait to read it!! Is it just KA? We can set you up for a backstage tour of "O" or Mystere too ^AP
they do make pudding pops but they are not always easy to find!
Thank you for letting us know! I think we fixed it.
Gotta reword. "Exempt" is innocuous. Smoke bill kills or sickens bartenders, waiters, card dealers, musicians, et al.
Check your DM :)
FASHO!! ima call you when Im done with this workout.
Such a good day yesterday on the lake w/ you guys! Glad you, Ty and I got a shower/bath while on the boat! Haha:) love u friends!
Montverde will not be fun to play next year with those 2. Fun to watch but not so fun to play against lol.
Philly Sports: 2012 NBA Draft: Can the #Philadelphia #76ers Find an Impact Player at 15?
After a week of weather in the upper 50's and low 60's, there is a 1/2" of snow on the ground. Ugh!
That sounds awesome. If only i could sing.....good
that's okay you tried :)
I agree whole-heartedly. Followed you after the recent recent B&S interview, like your work. Good basketball insight.
Detropia isn't startling, but it is gorgeous. The people in it are amazing, and i have a new understanding of the size of Detroit.
young polo by far RT : who's your favorite local sf rapper?
OMG have so much fun in Europe!!!! So jealous!!! And be safe... :) Happy Easter too!
She means well, but I'm not trying to hear this shit at the moment.
I swear when I look at you Time Don't Pass..
Pain in my throat still remains...even after antibiotic treatment...ok I'm scared now...
That’s gonna require some brain bleach.
jessie is great as always(: and my family is..my family lets just say! -laughs- hows your family?
I'm finna take a fat pm and go to bed..fuck it
of course you will get backstage!
Welcome to UNSCENE: Cincinnati! We are your go-to urban navigation guide for independent businesses in Cincinnati. Enjoy!
Feels strange to not have a game to work at today or watch today, but will make Monday exciting getting ready for MNF.
wtf ? disabled ads from one of my vid interviews that i conducted. wonder if someone wrongly reported it. starting to dislike YT
Any Of My Followers Stay In Philly?.
So close to 200 followers! I know its not a lot- but I'm ecstatic!! I just need 8 more people who will follow the
We love it when amazing artists get credit where credit is due! Arcade Fire made the Grammys worth watching!
Looking 4 a job in metro & surrounding Atlanta areas, for resumé, thank you
Almost #2012!!! New year = new things from us!!! It's gonna be a good one....just feel it :)
well, I am often interesting & not helpful... I'll keep trying.
Thanks for coming in! So glad you enjoyed yourself (and the wines, too, of course :-)
There are no problems in life, just mountains & valleys on the road to success... Enjoy the ride or you'll miss the rewards.
Everyone in New England? And I'm willing to bet they've been drinking more than Peyton.
Good advice: "Never give a thorough answer to 'How are you?'"
. clarity. communication is so important that if you can communicate clearly important things can happen
um idk i have no idea what so ever
I'm there too!
#kids The Zany Dzigns of Diana Z at The ToonSeum, Wed, May 16 10:00a: The exhibit will feature a hidden picture wall for both adults and...
Love hurts. And when it rains it pours.
Lol if a nigga do that, he's in love. RT : fart around me
Quote of the night from "we might need to set up camp for the night"
Scarf Bandanna | Womens Accessories
shut up
Those days when you don't know why, but when every single little thing someone says or does annoys the shit out of you <<<
RT : I look forward to the strawberry breakfast all year long
Off to bed! Night!
I hate doing my own hair<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>.
The spiders in my house & I have a deal. As long as they're not in or near my room, I won't kill them.
So in #Houston today damn ! lol
Love Crunch in Las Vegas couldn't have done better. Great job to the Love Crunch LV Team! See ya soon Chicago.
Please can you follow me!!!!!
Im not hung ovr didnt drink anything last nite.
One can never pay in gratitude; one can only pay “in kind” somewhere else in life. – Anne Morrow Linbergh
Thanks - just curious if it could have had an impact. Thanks again!
guess you came up with an idea lol
Much needed day off. Relaxing. That's all.
Rebounding needs to turn it around. HORRIBLE lack of foul calls.
Swiss Maid Fudge Peanut Butter Cup Ice Cream Pie
who won the head phones from bizzy crooks
what is this grow-up you speak of? ;)
/yesterday/ is midnight to midnight "yesterday" local time.
FUCK. cabbie intel at MDW say theyre zombie rash being COVERED UP. NDAs being signed. hysteria. BE RDY.
Also doesn't hurt that my pal competes in wheelchair fencing
Dont wanna give on so we both gave up! Can't take it back it's to late we've reached the
For personal reasons, I am deleting this Twitter account. If you still wish to follow me, follow
Robert how do u say ur last name I still cnt get it right plz follow me
20 days... Not long enough.
yall was missing shots and got stripped so hey we did what we had to do go to the paint and get them fouls
My queen size bed seems like a waste of space sometimes for only one person
you go to Jose? Whaaa?
i think jan 31 @ hemlock?
glad im a male
6:30pm public meeting @ Daley Bi Plaza (Randolph/Columbus) - come voice your opinions about the future of the rink.
RT : RT this ONCE before 5PM ET if you want a code for Tuesdays exclusive look @ "MW2 Combat Training"
I guess not! Where is that?
I would love to go!
I need to find a summer job. If anybody knows anyone that's willing to hire 16 year olds please let me know..
...just got off the phone with Oprah Winfrey's producers for the Lifeclass show! I have been booked to tell my story. I am in shock!!!!
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver. - Maya Angelou
lol indeed. But my paycheck hasn't gotten the memo yet lol
The guy in front of me in line at the UPS Store was shipping a hot dog. Via UPS Ground.
I got a new dog yesterday and all he does is hump me and stick his face in my lap. He better be getting his balls cut off soon.
It just dawned on me that it's been nearly 5yrs since I had a J.O.B. I don't care what anybody says, owning a #business is the way to go
2 lawns mowed. Now, fish need to be caught.
Good Afternoon! Have a Fabulous Friday.....Spread Love!
Thinking my twitter account has been hacked...
invite the same handle at yahoo. That's where my DropBox lives.
Thanks! RT : Good stuff!
Since Jan Ive been happy with my lifestyle. I really wish I slept better though. Something I've been trying to work on.
Why? Why now.
we gonna get em good wit this sequel bro $alute!
thank u 4 the follow. Hello from CA. :-)
let's do a photoshoot :)
TWITTER IS AN ECHELON!
#YABchat National Center for History in the Schools. We partner with local schools to promote college to first generation students
sorry 2 have been so harsh. i was just surprised how sensationalist and shallow the film came off- thoughts?
Unconfirmed by epidemiological proof cannot form the basis for causation. Chambers v. Exxon Corp., 81 F.Supp.2d 661
Michele Obama is in town for graduation which means I probably won't be leaving my house much today. Sigh.
Did you get it from Sharper Image or Brookstone? The ones they sell are amazing!
Good luck to all of the teens competing in the Miss Teen Maryland International Pageant this weekend!
i'm tired of studying for this quiz.
Oh no u didnt!
Yep. Just sent you a DM asking where you are at.
Glad TAB is playing Pigtail. Loved it the one time Trey played it with his "other band" Will it have a life with Phish?
Hey,how are you today?
you're the one and only.
#GEMINIS stay curious!
being a pussy driver
Congratulations to your whole team -- such exciting news, and quite an achievement!
Its raining:/
Anyone notice how hot Mitt Romney's sons are? I read that each successive male child is 30% more likely to be gay. Anybody know Romney fam?
I don't know where the spam came. I think someone hacked my account. Sorry for the strange messages.
You were terrific! Love watching you. Didn't know about Jeffrey's rough beginnings. He looks happy and healthy.
he would've made them <U+E05A><U+E05A><U+E05A><U+E05A>
saw tonite 4 1st time, brilliant, I'm hooked, c u in feb
What an awesome Easter morning. Great worship time, great preaching but best of all the altars were full with new salvations.
RT "Sorry about your husband dying, i totally overslept." a quote from my new show - Dr. Pothead
We're moving! Davie Brown Entertainment is moving on 7/29/10 to the Marina: 4721 Alla Road, Marina Del Rey, CA 90292
AH I wish we would have stayed! :/
We close our eyes. We never lose a game. Imagination never lets us take the blame.
Meeting fisherman today at long beach to get fresh off the boat fish for Wood and vine.
Issue summons to Facebook through e-mail: Court
At least pretend like your not a slut, you must want everyone to know
dEbAtiNg oN wHaT 2 gEt iNtO WiTh My LiL MaMaS 2dAy :) ...
cool, I know all design track sessions will be posted on slideshare for sure!
Why tf does all the good shit come on at once.
Processing requires reflective thought and reflexive action, which can't occur without time. How will you make sure you have time?
Roy doesn't look like santa anymore
Great fun singing in Estes Park,in spite of the COLD weather! Next week I'll be @ Blue Note in NYC with the Dizzy Gillespie Allstars BB
Be interested in them. Ask about them just to know. Don't steer the conversation too obviously or let it become a pitch.
My director told me today that I'm crazy. "Absolutely crazy." This is a good thing, right? Right?!
I smell like someday
I'm good with it.
#BOYFRIEND is on repeat right now (:
#Packers start is interesting. 3-game road trip in October. 4 of 6 NFC North games in December. Division will be up for grabs.
thanks so much for the hospitality & breaking down #rubyriot- would love to help out!
Absolutely love the title sequence of The Pitch on AMC
its a blessing to have on board fam!!!
In the office discussing what your stripper name would be by combining your first pet name with the street name you grew up on!
Coffee saw its first quota year in 1941 which allowed countries to only produce certain amounts to control prices.
went to the doctor today find out i lost 14 pounds got to love spring
RT : So excited 4 & at tonight. Any recs on what to do before/after the show in #Asheville?
The sooner we get to a 1000 FOLLOWERS the sooner we start giving out MEGA prizes!
Pumped about Tim Cook, Apple's CFO, speaking at my graduation!
^AJ Thanks for the mention, Happy Earth Day!
#HoodHoes always hating on the real bitch that got his heart claiming they aint jealous like #GetReal hoe!!
Vault of the Secret Formula at the CocaCola Museum: lots of new technology and low tech integrated,
1324- I love you twin! (:
man it feel good outside today ayyyeeee
Rockin at this morning as usual
Thank you and for the #FF love
Anyone that would like an advance copy of the the new Ragtime Ralph release, "The Fahey Project" for purpose of a review, please contact me.
Dave Anderson is in Haiti shooting video for Heifer International. Follow Dave for instag.ram updates.
boom goes the dynamite!!
Maximum distance is 500 meters between points. Random access structure to content.
hahhahahahhahhahha may so funny
Life is back 2 normal. Happy Day!
great interview today with just living the #startup dream
all my friends are dead !
an 3rd block..
what are you talking about I want to go to high school I cant wait!
Our Louise is currently on the Nate Berkus show discussing our amazing Royal Wedding Party in Dumbo www.royalweddingnyc.com
While everyone is hopped up on Irish design, check out the fashion photography of www.germancollins.com/ (former housemate in Ireland)
Happy mothers day
I guess. I didn't really see him do anything but try to separate his players. The refs had it in for them.
Everyone seems to want Slamball. So who is your favorite Slamball team? And why isn't Slamball the most popular sport EVER?! Makes no sense!
I will do my best not to! ;-)
way more dog tags shun Whats good!! Eat that Rex<f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
pretty epic video there by & featuring a cameo by Zeus & his magic clipboard! Well done!
Laying in bed. Gonna check fb once more then watch tv till I fall asleepp. Night peepss <3
#truth “ Someone told me being in the studio to much is unhealthy - smh -” ... most people will never understand that feeling!
We have got tickets for all nationwide events - Contact us now by calling at: 888-493-0004
A Pinkberry fruit bowl filled with your favorite fresh fruit is a perfect and healthy option for lunch!
I don't wanna go to school tomorrow.It's been pretty stupid.
KSI is an excellent destination for Military personnel to obtain their Masters Degree online: www.ksi.edu - sign up to attend classes
As a woman, I find no value in taking off your clothes 4 money. There is no upward mobility, benefits package, or prof. dev. there
Really happy to be able to revisit Richard White's Middle Ground over last couple of days.
Had a good time chillin at KUPS today
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Bouncing along at 80 mph in a cab with no shocks.
Happy April Fool's Day Everyday! Anybody got any good April Fool's ideas I could pull on my girlfriend when I see her later? ;) Hehe ^_^
Amazing how much you can accomplish when you shift your paradigm...
I have 2 b @ work in the morn by 9:00am & for some reason im up at 3:15 not able 2 sleep!!! SLEEP WHERE R U? Itd b rly nice if u wld come
I love how powerful you believe me to be :)
Ignorant people <
Looking forward to it.
Hey, I don't know what assumptions you might make of me, gotta be sure.
Holy moly, #BLACKOUT happy hour was AMAZING! Hope you guys don't have anything important to do at work today!
#youredatinganerdwhen Star Wars vs. Star Trek
Happy Thanksgiving Greg to you and yours as well!
Hey, its Phillip Hawkins from Palms nightclubs VIP for las vegas Playboy|Moon|ghostbar|Rain. Reply with how many people coming.
That is so Cute <3
yes mam! im so nervous
I was thinking it was going to be just a turkey sandwich or something, but that's a full on feast!
post this to Craigslist and see what you get.
There you go playing with my emotions..
Holy crap the iPhone is awesome. Learn something new about it every day.
Nothing like a good sleep after way too much work
hey beautiful!! Missed listening to your song yesterday. Can we do that today?
Why yes, I AM rocking out to Huey Lewis!
Peace at Last
I've come to think that some nude painting is just socially acceptable soft-porn.
Why on earth would Michelle Bachman want to have Swiss citizenship?
I'm a sharer. I share (wink). When I finish, do you want? I'll need it back. It's signed to the big man.
I would love those tix! Big Ravens and Terps fan. Happy Thanksgiving!
good luck big girl!!!!
Wah nobody is following
Hi Debra--We challenge you to have another listen. Our new holiday CD will be released in December! Merry Christmas!
Kenosha has an existing contract with the local teachers union that predates last year's collective bargaining changes.
I'm so down just lemme know the date!
I'm here without you baby. But you're still with me in my dreams, and tonight girl, it's only you and me.
I was just thinking that this weekend.
RT - Its official.. I hate the Cleveland Indians.. Sizemore is a fricken joke. Dude laughs when he strikes out 4 times a g...
that kitchen is seeing more action than it probably ever will
#operationsweetleaf certainly has its critics -- comes at interesting time for marijuana in Colorado. Legalization vote in Nov.
or not that often they do
Thanks to my publicist Josh Mitchell I Just finished an interview with the ladies from "The Dish" ,now back to set for Tmobile...
Update: Naked Pizza Chicago will now be opening mid-late May. We look forward to serving you #healthy #pizza soon!
If someone says they always lie, are they lying or telling the truth?
I had a blast today love u guys goodnight
thanks for the shoutout! have a great week : )
I love to fight wit her cuz ill make up for it all night ;)
Love it! RT : Liberia store in #manassasva today! Today's nature science class is powered by Dunkin ;) 2 2 milk!!
Engagement surveys leave a lot to be desired. For example, one asked if I had all the resources I needed to do my job.
This! RT : It's amazing that 4 games can all be on commercial break at the same time
Oh thanks! I'm 12 and it's Samantha's life but I always try to look I lt up! I NEVER find it! Brb
That issue was resolved earlier, I am sorry I did not get back to you until now. Follow up directly if I can be of assistance.
thanks for the follow! xx
Just stalked a guy from the bar last night
I hope you wish me happy birthday! (:
I KNOW. I am so excited about this :) Meet you on the mall on Tuesday Amanda?
... Great joke after the Avengers credits. Big laugh.
Humans might start evolving Zombie norms! Which norm would win? Humans or Zombies?
In Phoenix Arizona for the first time, friendly people and alot of cacti! Looking for things to do, any recommendations?
Madeinafreeworld.org just crashed. I cant find out how many slaves support my lifestyle.
Love when random, white camera guys at the Yard greet me in Taiwanese. Thanks, Wei-Yin Chen.
I can't even get ready to cheer on the Black Mamba. This bulls loss is like a bad nightmare. Sadness.
Great game by the cards, they did their job for the ultimate final 4 matchup. Now we have to do ours
Testing out a new Twitter client. Very interesting.
I have so much fucking shit to do.. & I just don't feel like it.
Play to resume at 5:50. NBC coverage to begin at 6pm (Mountain Time) and will continue until completion of play this evening.
why would I do that? I wouldn't. Leave me alone
Wiggling my tail all over the city...blodwyn style
Happy Hump Day kiddies! I'm Still trying to decide how I can enjoy this cold, cloudy, and gloomy day.
I'm sorry
Who wants a Pearescope hoodie?!?
Can twins be gay?
OK. That's better. I thought it was a third long island, and I was like, wait a sec ....
Who can help him out? || RT : Has anyone used unify cms? Thoughts?
Someone said that to me before I got married in May. The baby will be here in Feb! Great advice!
Squeal! About to arrive at #sse12 show!
Thanks, Marc. I just see some blogs I used to admire, and wonder..."What ARE you thinking?"
Got lots of down-time now that the semester's over. Time to write music and play lots of gigs!
thats what happens when you look good!
RT : North/South rivalry already started even before we lace them up for fantasy college football!
can't wait to see it
wasnt today like the best day of ur life, i am so happy rite now she singed everything,i love her so much
We LOVE ! He's casting a show on crazy stories about YOUR Mother-in-law you know you have them! #don'tlie !! ;)
Oh nah, this man on strange addictions is addicted to having sex with his car <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
hi can u follow me i now u wont notice me
first move is this lift this stranger off of me. #iMustHavePassedOut. Haha. Tommie gunn groupies
So surreal that I'm moving away from #roc -Movers come today!Will be w/out most of my stuff for a week,except what fits in my
Like forreal, I'm doing ME
Would you like to be featured in our "Signature Dish" series? Just give us a recipe and we'll spotlight you on our site!
Knuckle tattoos are attractive.
Thank you for the mention Sherri!
spend my life with you. Eric baney
Mayor Emanuel about to speak at women's conference
I'm Ray Charles to the bullshit ;)
The #Bulls went out like bitches
told my family what is doing with the money from #TurnToYou and they couldn't stop saying how amazing what he is doing
I guess she'd be limited to Meridian, Laurel or Hattiesburg, then.
Productive morning. Gym and then derby day!
Thanks ! , how can I help?
"Never say anything about yourself you do not want to come true. " -- Brian Tracy, Author
RT : “Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.” – Robert Brault
looking into it still... Wisc needs more ciders!!
BLeak future of Flash storage as geometry shrinks it gets much weirder #SSSS1 where is the wall 20nm the next gen or after that
UGH WHY ARE THEY MOCKING ME. JUST FOLLOW ME ALREADY
“: Another night full of entertainment brought by the Garcias of course! <U+E328> ”> that's us! Entertaining
Im bored right now
intellectual-insult-after-injury: China is currently a net-exporter of agricultural/food -- try imagining that in the 70ies :D
Soo...they apparently can predict when 2012 is gonna happen...yet they don't even know what tomorrow's weather is gonna be like.
School can piss right off tomorrow
OH SNAP! :) RT : TONIGHT at 5! We're gonna be on the Tee Vee! ()
You're defiantly coming to the next prep game
Face down ass up that's the way we Like to fuck.
#HEUG #Alliance12 Attendees: Stop by booth #537 for a demo of our Higher Education-specific PPM and Service Desk software!
Happy Sunday everyone..Im trending today on reverbnation..please have a listen..if you like what you hear hit the "LIKE" button Thankyou:)
I could possibly be signing on a house today if everything goes as planned
Is he still there? :O tell him i said hey(:
Two guys in a revolving door...awkward. two guys in a revolving door drunk...awesome.
Just had the best night sleep in 3 weeks. Feel like a new person. I'm still a dumb ass...just well rested.
Huh? Why?
ready to get work over with and start my weekend
u late bro
You are witnessing & reporting - ur version of going to Mass, as u said. Hard to do even that, right?
I feel you Tess. match one soon miss.
Special shoutouts to Ryan,Nate, and Wes!
Can someone explain what the heck is up with Facebook Timeline? Why can I never see more than the last 4 posts? Last month, yes, now, no.
I have a Twitter page for my new position at the Courier-Journal. I'm keeping/updating this page, but u can also follow me at
ALCL is thin!!!
this packed day has been quite fun. presentation on the online class for a group at WFU, then #Lilly2012 where I keep running into friends!
I've got a good idea. Why don't you take down the monitors and talk from the heart? Same ol' shit kids have heard for decades.
Congress is arranging to turn tobacco warehouses in Maryland and Virginia into saltpeter production facilities.
Crazy records with Ina Wroldsen, this week!! Man...they keep comin!!
Reading the best book ever. Crank by Ellen Hopkins
#funfact In northern France there is a place called "Y".
im almost to 400 followers I'm pumped. Thank you so much for following my page!!!
The attempt to combine wisdom and power has only rarely been successful and then only for a short while. -- Albert Einstein
House party show at Ross's place!
Hello and welcome to Kathi and Lorraine! Thanks for your support!
In May
Thank god for another day to live!:
what a soft mother fucker. I hate when people can't take criticism. Especially when it's true.
Why is the Google Adwords interface so slow?
Awwh thank you! I miss you guys too & mwah back xo
Normally I tip well above average, 40-50%, but the service I just received was horrid. Enjoy the change.
i'll never know; don't do drugs. that's why i asked. sex is awesome without artificial aid
Nothing like fresh laces
trying to watch it but it's showing a error
Tiger balm and bio freeze to a power lifter are like pot and Doritos to a hippie.
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
Is his middle initial Q?
just on here and on my way home!(:
Welcome - Looking forward to your tweets!
#IDontAlways pump fluids, but when I do it's with . Stay flowing, my friends.
Idk Y Doe
Killer stop motion shoot last night w molding doughboy havoc w on camera!
It worked!
Its game day!! Come to the irish rec room to drink and climb the wall! Do it for don majkowski!
AVATAR Fever! AVATAR 3D has raised the bar for the next generation of films. Even better the 2nd time - ahh... to be "king of the world" x2!
please follow me ik a lot people probably ask u all the time but u really dont understand how much it would really mean to me!
The Price Of Success
We here in Fl allowed just under 50 a game wo/any1 over 6 foot We cudn't score but we did defend
Lean on me
looking forward to our session this weekend, sorry we missed you during SXSW, we owe you a game of horseshoe!
I have to go to school to work on my project.!!! But after yeah.!!!!
It always wasn't a hit and run relationship,it use to be love,happiness,and companionship
Sadly, the Nats have failed to take back their park. Audible "Lets Go Phillies" chant.
Show went great
Embrace your Irish spirit this #StPatricksDay with Irish Whiskey and Irish Car Bombs!
In beaver eating cake
i feel like is making history for the new skool hip hop scene in Detroit...
RT : Sasha baron Cohen, you've reinvented urself into the same character.
#Truth RT : The people that have the most to say, are the ones that do the least.
Lovely pic. I miss NYC. Love your Mom's reflections. I'm reading your book. Most inspiring and helpful.
Happy Thanksgiving!
Love when my stepdad embarrasses me when we go to the gas station &asks the cashier if he trying to hit on me &better back off..ha!
Just saw Avengers. AWESOME.
Look out for new shows and our EP coming out in just a few weeks! www.myspace.com/historyrepeatsband
Ha, yeah, no. Totally just as a back up. At show volume, they really sound pretty much the same, give or take.
NJCAA Region XIV Tournament is coming up tomorrow starting at 10am. 4 games on the schedule starting with Navarro/Alvin
bahahahaha. Whoops. Sorry dude!
GNeal with three straight buckets against Steve Blake. Towson>Maryland
Keeping with the holidays spirit...James Torme singing "Chestnuts Roasting on an Open Fire". bit.ly/saMMc1 fb.me/16RivkUmz Indeed!
Seattle's Perkins Coie had just 8 lawyers doing patent work in 1999. Today, about 170 lawyers handle patent prosecution and litigation.
I wish I cud interact more wit somf :( ...
he is! Alex is on there too - he says challenging (haha) and there's a pix of him in science lab.
lol there's still always time : )
still trying to figure these why these links are all messed up!
is a e-boutique founded by a SFV business entrepreneur! The bohemian chic accessories are treasures from LA, check them out!
#thoughtsduringschool I only come here for my friends(:
Apparently this is a new train driver... Didn't they teach you to tap the breaks... Not slam them on.
damn, I wanted to go to the fanfest but that's the day before I'm back...
Anthony Davis finished the semester with a 3.7 GPA. Suck it, Bob Knight.
People who believe that money can do anything can be expected to do anything for money.
Some people say "If only love was enough." But if you love someone that should always be enough.
Nice to meet you Stacie!
I hope I have given you some worthwhile information and insight into creating hip hop beats
i told you not to call me bro -___- & yeah wiff yo' eye closed xD
A GIRL WHO KNOS WHAT SHE WANTS>>PRICELESS!!!!!!!!!!!!
I got a couple strains I know u n da BF enjoy !!
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster. -The 7 Habits, p. 98
The Walking Dead was the best one yet!!!!!
I love it! lol!
Gosh all you guys talking about your HS coming to an end. Back when I graduated HS, there was no Twitter to talk about it. :/
Adams Ave Roots Festival April 25-26. Proprietor's Reserve Wine Bar is Open. Many beer & wine deals
looks straight badass today.
Those who are convinced against their will, are of the same opinion still!
Wow this girl like everyone
Don’t settle with a networking group of 30-40 people that requires weekly meetings, expensive fees. be a "creative collective entrepreneur"
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
Yes I have breakfast at midnight *shakeshead*
no doubt that these are the best two players in the world
If he walks, he gets 1 point, and we end in a tie.
awh yeah.(: & followed.((: I LOVE YOU GUYS!
“: so its looking like if i want to meet my deadline of 25 ts either or ” I'm down lol
Where do you want to see theblacklist play? We want to play for each and every one of you.
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.- Jim Rohn
Girl, I KNOW we're gonna have tons more yolos!!!
Playing a round at hotel indigo 930 pm free. Come out Nashville folks :)
Not dead, I suppose, just not the one that gets the last word! (Or the only one..)
I'm feeling glad I have sunshine I have sunshine in a bag I'm useless but not for long the future is coming on :)
Getting Sleepy<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
the kid behind me did not share the same feeling. His exact words, "my eyeballs are burning"
I drove my friend to about 20 businesses to fill out job applications on Saturday. His car was in the shop and it felt great to help him
Gerard Depardieu is on your flight??
Watch Ali just be Nialls friend and all this stupid fighting and hating be bullshit.
Thanks for the follow...following you too...
Yeah, they cancelled awhile back. Said they had 3 episodes left but didn't say when/if they would air
Increase comes by action! Now ask yourself what you can do?
The sunn goes downn, the staaarss come out, and all that counts is here right now.
Nothing makes my day like "We Belong" surfacing on my iPod.
And its showing right now...
you realize shaq Pau and Bynum helped him win those games name one good player Lebron had with him before he
Thanks for tweeting pics
okay, i will!!!
Very grateful for lovely mother's day with 94 year old mother and my two wonderful daughters and husband.
The iTriage team had a great time in Austin! Thanks for a successful event!
True words are not always pretty; pretty words are not always true.
lol! Treated cuz. We all know why I don't check voicemails. We need to make it happen. Are you goin?
...However, recent studies suggest that the melancholia of middle age may be rooted in the role loss associated with the ...
where the hell are you??
haha(: text me stranger !
It's hard to fly when you're holding the hand of someone who's sinking.
A little girl seeks revenge. A real women moves on while karma does the dirty work !
free throws
RT : Central Kentucky Concert Band, tonight, UK Arboretum, 7pm. Bring a blanket, chairs, you know!
OH "I could make some money if I wasn't spending it all the time."
On the bus On my way! Home from school lol
Plot for perfection
YES! DM us with your address and we'll send you a CD. RT : is it Martin Bresnick?
what is the new record? (and what was the old one?)
Bored ass hell my parents are cleaning painting our new house =(
You got it! So happy for you - I was your reader yesterday. I think I deserve partial credit for this :) CONGRATS!
RT<U+200F> Best Chef: Northwest: Matt Dillon, Sitka & Spruce, Seattle
Well time to end my night in good company and to the sounds of Coldplay :) Night "Tweetas"
No hate just askin!
This week will begin working on new commercial in studio, February 21-23, the second of twenty for 2012.
I'm sure there is a way to make a Kindle smell like an old book.
Very cool. « PBS documentary just ended "with funding from many backers" /cc »
life life life
Some might not be happy about Casey overpass decision but I think its great for JP
Where is today?
Looking for anything in particular? We've probably got stuff you can use (if you haven't already).
how much do you love us? ;)
Henry Rodriguez just pumped 101 MPH on the radar gun.
Thanks for the compliment! We blushingly agree! RT : I personally think Mortons steakhouse is better than ruth's and Donovans.....
#RAINSummit Kurt displaying the knowledge.
I thought we told that plate wouldn't keep him from being pulled over?
way to go, Ash!
#youknowwhatihatethemost when she tries to convince me she not nasty after wearing that hooker costume (not buying!)
Radiohead always does the trick.
Do mannequins creep you out? Or is it just me?
And the skateboard guy Haha
Song #12 is in the works!!
On Skype wit my baby :*
The truth will set you free.
Awesome! Way to go Nats!
Reasons He's gonna give himself a heart attack if he doesn't start exercising
Thank You for coming to visit!
I love Nick's voice right now! Fan girling all the time because of it. (:
we really like pairing w/ Quince and Apple and even some Potter's Crackers. Whole Foods has a local gift basket displayed
How long can you wait till things are back to normal?
it was incredible today! Glad you got a walk in with the hound - we ended up at Tashmoo for sunset. Enjoy the night...
Whine whine whine - love my job but is it really back to school tomorrow? Already? I was just getting used to this break thing.
report is out that ben is the next bachelor...what are your thoughts?
Love to read...
what's up with tomorrow?
I want to live in Los Angeles dammit!
gifs of cats all day.
Borderline jacket weather downtown. Borderline. Feels like I'm going to lose my mind.
Hahaha I'm hold u to that RT : IF THEY DO, U KNO IMMA HIT YA HAND W/ A LIL SOMETHIN HAHAHAHA
math taks tomorrow my test taking strategies be killin' <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
RT : the arc of the loafer universe is long, but it bends toward pennies
Rarely take bus/metro combo anymore 'cause metro segment is always disaster. Remind me of this next time I decide to give it another try.
Appreciate That RED
BigAppleSportsPrediction - Tebow to New England and converted to RB
DON'T STUMBLE OVER WHATS BEHIND YOU...
Today is a hard, hard day.
Wow, just wow. Hats off to #Chelsea, really held up against all odds. Now to see #Bayern through for Robben vs. his old club!
Only a man with no love in his heart, no moral compass, no compassion, no judgment and no brains puts a dog in a kennel on top of a car.
Your actions and desires shapes what lies ahead!
Yahoo!! Good job Av's
Fill your days with things that make you smile,and your world with people that make you happy. Why would you want to be around anything else
haha I hope not, that sounds awful, but I think you're right
oh wow
Take care of yourself and your friends. Santa is never sloppy, grope-y or rude. Santa slides down chimneys without leaving a trace
Why do you reply to a little kids asking for a drink…you know there going to take a drink anyways!
Should receive a notification when someone else's repo changes then manually select what you want (no auto-merge)
Nolan Ryan should start game seven and pitch his eighth no hitter...man that was INSANE!
Lmfao Wade's a bitch
well they lied to you. you do...
I had run out of my regular address labels and started using the ones St Jude's sends me. Thanks for pointing that out! Bah Humbug
Me too, I try to go to bed early and then I stay up late anyway. Then I'm super tired and flop on my lunch break!
I'm really tired(as always) but will try to not let that stop me from writing new material.
Meaningful #sex is the #best sex, #inmyopinion :3
Okay let's get that run
bored. really really bored.
absolutely true
- No problem, good luck and enjoy the game tonight! =)
Guess you might have internet at your hotel so if I send it while you're gone U can DL and listen, or if you have ph. coverage.
3/8 "via Keynesian-style deficit outlays for ballooning defense budgets and a 1982 tax increase--measures that would make"
The real person that "pals around with terrorists"? Russell Pearce with J. T. Ready.
Awww, I knew you'd remember! I just got excited about it last night. This probably calls for some pie.
My buddy got his taken away the other day. Worth a try though.
-GASP- oh no. we cant talk to each other any more. our friend ship is ova.
oh victory baby, you never get old
thank you babes I would not change you for the world....
So you are stalking me? RT : I am not following you dumbass
Long but awesome day in NYC. Cannot wait for a drink ... maybe something from ?
Ron Christie on Bashir. Time for some real weapons grade right wing batshittery.
Just finished the 3 mile corporate run with the other 2000 people at 30:34 :-)
: Quit hogging the camera time....
Swagg Bros on a world Tour real soon! Stay tuned to Houston's Attractions for more info in a city near u and country near U!
Somebody cheer me up... I'm forced to pay $720 in EZ-PASS fines before I can register my car.
That's how we like it! RT : Your kale pie has been on my mind all week so bad it hurts.
I totally agree!!!
Nigga dont u ever come at me like that!!!!!
yeah, I prefer the Droid and BB over my iPhone. Little surprised you switched off the iPhone though?
Tickets on sale now-- $5 for Grinch (+more cartoons), Gremlins, A Christmas Story, and It's a Wonderful Life-- Dec 4&5. plazaclassic.com
“: I want nothing more than to be with you.”
Well..... I would just rather keep up with one Facebook! But we can talk on there and here so no worries!!
off to the gym for lunch time workout. maybe that will finally wake me up.
I look outside, and see this really fat fuzzy raccoon in my yard, I started screaming, then I realized it was just a cat. Lol
Haven't heard any more on Romney's car elevator in his garage. Was it not true or did the lefties find out he has a real man's dream garage?
i rather just drink on my porch. serry
Leonard Cohen - Since You've Asked - 10:07 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Mentions *DEAD*
Ill be home next week to see my brothers and :)
last class finally
Commissioner is not a fan of The Wire. Blasts "that show" for portraying Baltimore as doomed.
"Do just once what others say you can't do, and you will never pay attention to their limitations again." ~ James R. Cook
I Don't Care Who Like Or Dislike Me, That Shit Was Suppose To Make Me Mad? Or CHANGE? Nah"
I'm a bit scared for it, since the prof I'm taking it from doesn't exactly seem to be a crowd favorite. :|
Recommended article: "Buddha at the Gate, Running: Why People Challenge Library Materials," American Libraries, 2004.
love u too hope u like ur gift. I sent u ;)
Recovering and getting ready to earn my first license , starting to workout really hard spring is coming pool parties are about to begin <U+2600>
Old Navy Outerwear Super Sale!! All coats 50% off PLUS save an additional 30% with this coupon in stores or online!!
I LOVE MATTHEW BARRY! That was my first acting class when I moved to LA.
Next week is my last full week of high school !!!
Kim Jong-Il is dead. Praised be Tebow.
Not loving the free ebook list on amazon today. I have found some great books on it in the past though.
there was a perfect game today and i missed it? crap! it was against the mariners who are awful but still
alright just making sure
RT : please just let me go !!! lol make sure yall check dat out !!! LET ME GO FT.SSPLATINUM !!
Thanks for your RTs today:
You are very welcome. Keep up the good work! :)
big college football games sat nite. Wel see sounds good tho
thanks for the love!
is willing to bite the bullet in regards to social security. If we work together, we can solve the problem he says.
Wel... Biggest loser is over for another year. Can't wait for next season ;D
I just want Zayn! RT : If wants harry and wants zayn. I call dibbs on liam.
niggas who aruge over tweets your gay
Or maybe "I Saw You at the Drive-Thru So I Stalked You Online."
Someone bullshittin and frontin 4 no reason , no worthwhile reason that will give u a promising projected return on the risk...
sometimes that shit just pisses me the fuck off. honestly.
no real man will marry a hoe like you, hell just fuck you and thats all you will be , a piece of meat on a stick trying to get attention
The veggie tacos did not disappoint. Thanks !
Hanging at with and
Everyday Im Shufflin! :D
hey! anything going on soon? i miss meeting people :(
Can Glenn use his own Twitter if he's going to do live play by play of Terps' games? That was pretty spammy
I can say I have danced for 1/2 a mile straight! Ha. Batala - how inspiring!
i just cleaned out my snack drawer; instant grits, apple and some cookie crumbs. i should have had breakfast
He does it is a plate of nuts and seeds, apple slices and carrot sticks. Asks for it everyday.
"Change your thoughts & you change your world.". -Norman Vincent Peale
#jobcreators MT : Accd to Walker's new jobs #s did amazingly well in MKE. 96% of empls increased workforce
Read it! wrote a great #book--I just hope my book review (that I still need to write) will do it justice.
What a journey
According to new USDA guidelines, half your plate should be fruit and vegetables.
If the ladder is not leaning against the right wall, every step we take just gets us to the wrong place faster.
It's eerily quiet, but lunch lines will be nice and short.
Even must be laughing at that dude.
hey matus- love your bw photo- is it not on fb?
If I sit on the toilet seat full of pee because my boys dont put it up or aim right, I will rip it off and make them wear it as a necklace
they always look good.
Action is worry's worst enemy. ~ English Proverb
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Intelligentsia - Coffee Shop (live updates)
no, not for you. it's a great deal.
RT : RT : Today, consider praying for the estimated 423,773 children in the US #fostercare system.
thanks for sharing ;-)
So sad. RT Mother of Western Psych shooting victim says her only other child was killed in domestic dispute in 2010.
#swagitout makes me wanna get up and dance!! I love this song!!!:)
Biggest sunburn ever
Helping with video for a wonderful donor! Best to All!
And the #Rangers go quietly into the night. New York does sleep tonight.
Thanks so much, cheers :)
you are almost to 500 congrats! Even though I am still totally the #winnerwinnerchickendinner #twitterwar continues...
Today we're going to look at VP Biden's comments about gay marriage and why the president appears to be stepping away from them. Thoughts?
I interviewed Junior Seau for back in Dec. I never printed any of the words he shared. Just listened to the audio.
I am prohibited as a bar applicant from joining any groups that unlawfully discriminate against disabled people with Autism.
Costume Search: Hmm....where can one find bright orange pants? I'd think Cabela's or Gander Mountain for sure.
If you have a chance to get the super power, you'd better use it in the right way, or it will destory you and the people you love.
#sacbiz40 congrats to all the 40 under 40!!!! I wish I would have known about the event tonight, I would have definitely been there!
Cool. See you there!
"Oh, kombucha is on sale at Whole Foods!"
I am performing with Mickey Avalon and Andre Legacy at Trees in Dallas Friday April 27, hit me up for tix
I certainly hope not.
A1: My suggestion, create a simple 3 level disaster plan - more roles & responsibilities than actions (situations differ)
awesome, thanks!
RT : Why is Ray so happy? He just found out that Dirty Birds will open up at 430pm on Thanksgiving for the RAVENS game!
It's coming! Thanks for the positive thoughts :)
TAX DAY SPECIAL: Place EL order before 5 pm today & get $15 off your order! Type TweetTaxBreak in the notes section. RT pls!
Given that this trip is going to take forever, maybe the metro can offer sleeping cars..
I want a close up! Thank you :-). Missed you.
After watching Atlanta play down the stretch, it's become apparent why the term is "Hawking" a loogie.
Oh that makes you soo much more than twitter famous! hahaha.
I really hope the "Caucasian girls posting pics with faux mustaches" phase stops soon. Seriously.
oh man another kid commited suicide because of bullying?! people need to stop bullying people.it's sad to think of what pain she felt. wow
I first read of the Stand Up desks at Google, now stand up meetings, been trying it some and its working
Happy Last Day of APRIL.....22 more days of school for me!
Ok so if it's offensive to say nigger Why do black ppl saying that to themselves I don't get it.
even more after the madhouse last night!!!
y'all niggas so garbage, the pacers???
RT if you think is: HOT Follow me if you think he belongs with: I love these 2…they wit each other!!!
I wanna put on my my my my my boogie shoes.
Austins vids never get old x)!
Guess I need to get my act together.
that's real man. we taking it game by game we old but we work
Andy, I am glad you are feeling better. Looking forward to having you back soon!
Hey I just met you, and this is crazy. But here's my number, call me maybe??????
how about
there was a guy last night who almost Bartman'ed us, same spot as in Chicago too
QUOTE-WORTHY: Be careful how you speak to your children. One day it will become their inner voice. - Peggy Omara
S/O to the Schneider family for creating the Big Shots events! In a short period of time, they've become the top tournament hosts nationally
Awwwh thank you (: You are to !
I could sure go for some head
Spring is almost here! Do you have your travel plans together?
RT : Disabled Joke's are not funny and if you think so die
congrats to you all...
Done! I feel like I need a day or two to get acclimated to G+
great.. just a few photos. How about 2 or 3 of the poinsettias?
I'm back! Four hours later... Forget coffee, a shower wakes usually wakes me up just fine. Happy Friday!!
OK Roenicke... Time to manage like you want it. Get the bullpen busy.
Just arrived to , great music prepped for tonight!
I know. I appreciate it. Twitter needs more.
Seattle kid friendly Sushi. Kisaku!
I'll be doing a reading & playing live in San Fran at Phoenix Books 12/8, anyone have any suggestions who 2 hit up & drag down to the show?
Why do women in warm ups roll up one pant leg?
Now would be the time for you to hurry up.
can't I txt u?<U+E415>
90% of all spreadsheets with more than 150 rows contain errors. - from
Droid app works great, back to comp and Q is gone, delete cookies, logout, uploads or search dont work, back to app Q's there ?
R.I.P. Joe Frazier! Heavy Heavy Weight
HEY GO FOLLOW ---> = SHE FOLLOW BACK+ I FOLLOW YOU TOO+ A SHOUTOUT :d JUST ASK ME AND I FOLLOW YOU BUT YOU HAVE TO FOLLOW SHE
I'm so aspirational with grapefruit.
you got it, man. Nothing worse than seeing someone you love suffer, no matter how close you are. Hang in there
Thank u so much sis, that means the world to me. Guess what, I booked my first show for June 10th! At the Red Sea. C U SOON!
This place is falling apart!
please remove our copyrighted images from your website cc
LET ME FEEL U:-)
I cant wait to get my and BTR tickets!!!!! AH. Jones Beach babbbyyy
Peyton is ONLY qb we could accept behind center other than tebow. Perfect fit for den and tim learns from all time best
Yeah fam that was a very creative blog post too. Don't sleep on 's blog, dude is also a great writer /Cc
maybe one of ya teams can do sum cause the bulls shol aint do nun...ha...
I don't either, I like BPA approach, but were Tannehill rumors and maybe even Weeden - like they had buyer's remorse on Flynn
What have I not responded to!
My art is first ministry to myself; then to others.
89 freaking days. I can't even take it anymore, I have to go see them in Concert NOW<3
If GOPs preserve the Bush tax cut for the top 2%, where are they going to cut to find the $750 Billion just to break even on the deficit?
I think everyone ought to get affluent and popular and do all that they ever desired so they could notice that it is not the reply.
Friends are like boobs. Some are big, some are small. Some are real and some are fake.
#Cozy cards designed for MCAC! Thanks to the design skills of
Want to support opportunities for children? See www.baldfacedtruth.org
January. Sounds about right.
can't wait! heard the first one was tons of fun!
Shame on you #Redsox players for being a disgrace and causing #Francona to leave
So many phishing emails today that look like they're from LinkedIn! Don't click on any of the links - will download malware!
funny I thought of you today. How are you?
me and are annoyed at u fucking traders
A lot of fun socializing this weekend. Emily had fun with occasional horrible and embarrassing tantrums.
Whoever's in charge of the MTV award sound and production please hand BET a buisness card...
then do something, do something right in front my face.
My Shooters Like Dirk
Thank you for sending that link, ! Means a lot :)
It's a beautiful and blessed Sunday... Enjoy what's left of the day and have a fantabulous week ahead!
#MikeCostanzo's getting his 1st AB in the big league. He's called time twice before the 1st pitch. Then, hits a #sacfly to LF.
Wishing you a world of peace and happiness now and throughout all the seasons of the coming New Year!...
telling assumption RT : You lead a different life from mine. Your life is constant self-presentation?
Current political climate is a reality. Co's like take big risks in all business decision - they made the right & profitable one
Thoughts of subscription based gaming?! Man monthly fee's are the worst!
Busy week ahead! Hope I am productive
Oh shit the Game on....Thank God for DVR, watching the Bulls
It might be even creepier that I'm awake as late as you young folks are. Insomnia, not glowing gelatin!
french ahah :P
Had a great time watching my daughters horseback riding lessons in Skokie
u not tough
~ I know right! Lol!
that's awesome hahahah!
Thanks communications team for having us over for lunch today, it was great to meet everyone in person!
Jellyheadz - One Way Ticket (COMING SOON)!
You're my life and inspiration. Please follow me<U+2665>
Finally, IOS can check spelling without auto-correcting.
typical conservative low IQ response..go to my blog and you will find all my opinions backed by facts
An incredible honor & thrill to hear speak today at ! His message: "World peace must develop from inner peace."
We're in an odd state of calm today. It's rare, and I'm enjoying it.
My family. We travel A LOT.
OH MY GOD, i miss you guys!
Diddy's man servant who continues to lint roll his tux is precious.
Hi, Shaunna -- awesome to have you join us tonight!
haha, oops! but yeah, now you're sure you'll get in for free ;)
so classy
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~Henry David Thoreau
The Sun and Moon can't shine light on a dark mind.
You just made my day. That it why i love you RT : The Bella vita womens restroom has never experienced what I just did in it
So sorry to anyone who got spammed from us! Apparently quite a few people were hacked via twitter last night lol.
thank you! You're one of the smartest people I've met. So I'm doubly flattered.
EVERYONE!!!!!!!! GO FOLOW OR ILL UNFOLLOW YOU!! THERE AMAZING!!!!!!!!!
exiting itinerary, Maybe I'll follow your path next winter
it baffles my mind that Greece is anti-austerity.
positive vibes to ya lady!
Remember to bring your Wizards ticket to Los Cabos Legends on June 10th and get a free Queso Fundido!
Hilton Union Square San Francisco, Renovations from now till March 31st, 2012
RT : Hahahaha at 'Ss last tweet.
Anybody have a good example on visualizing the reverse of a graph? The missing relationships? or the recommended relationships?
I want that show to stay on TV forever!
#apple I'd use your cards app, if it had a conventional postcard. One side photo, one side text. $1 or $2 max.
Ha. We were at Oggis. Salad was good, though.
they are so annoying. And they always have 2 in the span of 90 seconds. Go away
words of wisdom RT Have you considered being as funny as you were in the second season as a way to #savecommunity?”
“: Nice Tap-Out shirt. I bet you've kicked so many asses.”
You ready ma?! It's almost go time!!
Ik. Jb is awsome but i would be heated if he brought me proactive.!
LOL about Katy Perry!
Need a contract analyst who knows Atlas for a quick assessment. Come on folks, I know there are Atlas folks out there!
Hi Pre, We might have access to this but a few questions, r u talking about career or season debuts and ... con't ...
The road to success is sometimes under construction. Keep walking :)
Encouragement for the day: You dream has to be big enough to survive the disappointments that are thrown ur way
Ready, Set, Lets Go : Ayo , wanna join forces and smoke the earth this evening??”
thanks Greg! :)
What's up ? Keep calm bro RT": FUCK"
In the process of making a ham with a black cherry whiskey and coke glaze.
That may be true, but I don't grok that reaction. Lately it just seems like a trendy thing to say.
Everyone! This Friday. Andrew Gabriel with the full band. Village Lantern, NYC. 8pm. Be there.
i guess lol i tweet random song lyrics at all parts of the day tho lol
Who's ready for our giveaway? Stay tuned, we will be giving away a Family Four pack within the hour
Glass of wine...
But of course they would pass that charge on to the consumer. Now that 3D flopped they are looking for something new
Imagine Liam walking in on Larry sex and giving the boys time outs. Lol oh daddy direction
Our bath products are made by hand, in small batches by local artisans. Are you down with local?
Happy Saturday, everyone! :)
I love how we define 'camping trip' as a game of Sorry, microwaved smores, and going to sleep inside at 11pm. We rock.
Insomnia > Sleep... bed time now
I wish I remembered what being bored feels like...
u got the nerve to made that sex tape wit that shitty ass performance. shiii negro please
Haters gonna hate
Hey thanks for the crowd pic. We've been hoping to get more of those! Please come out the next time we're back in town
some of mine driving lol
returns tomorrow night from 9pm-12am. Come check her out and try one of our signature fish bowl cocktails!
Society's busy time intensifies - The Tennessean
Done with today's scheduled maintenance! It was just a cleaning on server side. No new updates.
congrats syd! That's awesome, I can't wait to see you play again
i have two speeds: work and rage.
-> RT A 65yo pres candidate who was cruel to a queer guy at 18 is one kind of scary. Hordes of people who think that's OK is another
"I wish I could read minds That way I could know what people really think of me because I know its not what they say to my face"
Stephen Curry rolls ankle again, leaves game early
Spring Break !
Ugh so true. I was personally aiming for a tragic ending...I just wanted an epic & complete tragic ending.
On my way to the mall to get my mom a mothers day present <3
<U+2764><U+2764> agreed!! : I can't sleep cause I'm too excited about how good this year is gonna be .... :)
How sad is this? I am drinking alone & wishing I was in SF to do all this fun stuff with you!
I've used wordpress on other projects and feel like it is too full featured, I don't need that much.
Sounds good to me. Have fun at Leon's in the meantime! - Bryan
Really John Mayer.... You went from blues to country....
right I creep all kinds of ripple I don't follow
Spent way too much today BUT had a productive day! :)
well Matt Lange who produced it was married to Shania...
I feel like I need to enroll in grad school just to cancel out the stupidity of Twitter today.
Haha boys bathrooms is where it's at!
I'm glad I don't have a horse in this #SuperBowl race otherwise I think I'd be ill.
Cat gets stuck in tree. Politician panders to his constituency.
The team's future is on him RT : and #paulthissen joins the chorus of people getting after to get off the fence
great to see you at the Kraft! Big fan here!
I would've waved but I was going around 130mph. Wouldn't have been safe. (cool license plate huh )?
You might try tweeting. Just saying . . .
I mean I'm just gonna send you the same link I just sent
---> ": That strong, intelligent, sassy, mouthy woman you follow loves smooth command and authority.”
what are you doing?
Following the Twitter feeds, it sounds like this rain is causing some spinouts on the roadways.
long time no see! have you opened the ski season?
Madden fans!!! TryOuts is hosting a huge tornament in Dec w/a grand prize of $1000!!! visit www.tryoutssanantonio.com for more info
Good morning! Enjoy #140conf ;)
she is more than welcome to come up and do the same on Froggy if she wants
Just checked-in to the world's largest wireless technology conference in New Orleans!
Not going to school today, too sick to function. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Hey, probably already know this buut...I love your band and you night c:
thaank u :D
Exactly. It was on the list, but we ultimately felt it was too obvious.
Happy one year anniversary to !
I absolutely can not wait to burn all of our APUSH papers.
Odd, that is where I want to go to college.
#Trueconfessions I NEVER use my blinker if no one else is around.
“Disney girl Bella Thorne is 'obsessed' with Harry Styles & wants to interview 1D." NO. NO. NO.
One reads in a bar because the words of the others are unpalatable. Still, the reader desires to read the words of the others, nonetheless.
As much as I love creeping on Amber, it's pretty bad form to post what you find on tumblr.
I love the new snow shots. Campus looks beautiful!
over here at Houston it.came on at 7:30
Love isnt always life its just something to do but you dont always need .
Hi beautiful!! (:
That feeling where you want to buy a domain name, but the owner is charging $100,000 for it.
OOPS Rum and Coke M
on CSN they showed everyone leaving with 2min left... Unreal... Once got yelled at for standing up on 3rd down at falcons game
Abraham Lincoln~ Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them.
i am making a new twitter
#FashionStar - team !!! Let's go!
Check out coming out this Friday in NYC and LA!
So I have a bit of possibly secret news that yall might already know...x)
i can getchall hotels reserved for yall from friday to monday....for about $180 sumthin
can you do austin mahone icons?
So proud to have received award at Hearts & Homes event from He is an incredible leader on kids' issues -- the best in Congress!
Inculcating Hepburn into True American History @ Ft McHenry...War of 1812 was won by whom? Thought so.
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional tournament games at TD? Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!
DUDES!!! 7 New t-shirt designs by Design By Humans!
For future reference, I do what I want. So mind your own.... K ? Haha
Doctors recommend that we use small pillows while sleeping :-)
This P90X is kicking my ass 4real
This is the second morning in row that I've had dresms of being on a submarine. Where is this going?
Is there a difference between wife & wifey call into #LateNightLesbiansRadio right now 347-857-2089 & tell us how you feel ?
did you already get yours?!
12 hours of sleep
lol I HATE him !! && now he's in trouble bahaha
Seein all these cupcakes in the bakery makes me wanna buy em all.
And how did Joey 5 picks do in the CW? RT That makes Jacquizz 0-3 in Civil Wars. Still a future OSU legend?
Limobuses.com has rental packages To Concerts In our affordable Party Bus transportation. Call to Day 619.225.8466
Tonight at 7:00pm, Martin Kihn reads from "Bad Dog". Pooches are welcome.
please let me know how did it work?
Perfect picture for my song, somehow not released for prime time: Heigh, ho, the mufflebee....
#tool went on tour and no one told me! long passed sold out
HUMMBABY! Cain will hold it and give us 3 series wins in a roll. Maybe the machine will make an appearance. WHO Said that?
oh yes were ready... But I don't know if you can handle our reaction!!!! ;) #follow?
I am going to be a grandfather for the second time today. Now the waiting game.
One player who always thinks their too good for the team
your story is horrendous and I firmly wish you achieve your revenge on that Marriott by staying at the Four Seasons next time!
I feel you on that. Doesn't the Supreme Court have more important issues to handle?
YO SHOOTING MY VIDEO "DOPEMAN" FOR THE SMOKER'S AND PARTY PPL NEXT FRIDAY AT MY BDAY PARTY
I'm sorry I can't watch ustream today :( feel upset , hopefully the second 1 =)
hahahahaha oh lawd. Bromance lmao... That just made my morning. 3am. Im Ashley!! & I L O V E your name!<3
RT : Bango, the mascot, is on 's "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel" tonight. Set those DVRs!
Im gonna be twice the person I am now in 2013.
Went for a run this morning through Tacoma during rush hour...oh wait, there is no rush hour here.
I feel so.. ugh.
hey thank for RT next time we're in we'll say hello
"I pay no attention whatever to anybody's praise or blame. I simply follow my own feelings." - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
The boyz are performing this wednesday right?
We offer 50% off select bottles of wine
true, although typical of Apple to *make you* buy another phone to even get Siri. continuing cycle of hardware obsolescence for $
Looking at 's adorable animals has convinced me to sign up to volunteer! I hope I'm able to :)
Hope you get well soon!<3
Me: I have to pee. Best friend: Then go? Me: come with me
another brick in the wall was released in 1979. Why would it be played on the 80's on 8?
Over 600 volunteers will pack over 100k meals at celebration townhall Sunday for kids here in Osceola County. Hope u can make it
: ) Thanks sis-in-law
Hey did what's his name get at you?
got ya
Wanted to make a joke about how hot that kid is, but probably shouldn't go there.
Whenever I see the southwest carts at the airport I think of the "bags fly free, we love bags" page on fb brian made hahaha
Love it!!!
Hope all the rest of you #screnzy-ers are doing better than I am with your page counts... I'll catch up tomorrow, I promise!!
Hey kiddos--have a great last day of school before Vacation Week! Are you doing anything fun?
That nap was largely unsuccessful no body would let me sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I kept getting tweets
In the song I guess it symbolizes achieving the impossible. Great question.
I find professionals in the #autism field argue too much w/ 1 another.Let’s take a step back & support 1 another even if our opinions differ
K mom, I'm pretty sure I don't just care about myself.
Coachella is happening solely for the purpose of seeing
RT We need to keep the right out of our bedrooms and the left out of our kitchens.
hahaha sure are!! & yes I love that picture too! One of the best we have taken together!! Haha <U+E056><U+E328><U+E32B>
sounding good online now!
See you Sunday in Cleveland. The whole family will be in Royal blue.
its time to get in shape.
Good meeting you at API Hackday ATX. Look forward to catching up again soon.
about 2 emcee this Indiana Ice game! It's Family Night, so come and hang out...puck drop @ 7:05pm!
A Alamo Drafthouse in Manhattan, should be Pittsburgh, we are a cooler city! Please we have Comic Book Museum!
Well, I'm hoping to find a job in digital humanities and/or project management in the Chicago area. Fingers crossed!
RT : My #Celtics getting in 's #Hawks Ass Right Now Lol <<missed this, Celtics lost!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Yes got a video of me holding 's hand during the concert! Hahaha! Thanks Ashley!
Dance dress rehearsal. Yay.
oh m g and IPad?!?!? No frinkin way. Like omg what am I going to do with an iPad! Omg omg omg.
U a dummy
can't make it up. Rep. Kahn tells anecdote of hometown Brooklyn Dodgers leaving New York.
...I've met countless girls on pof, but I will def check that site out, thanks for the suggestion, hope ur right!
*turns on despicable me* lol good night world <U+270C>
We've still got 2 more to visit in the area. Helix is my fave aesthetically. Their service was not great though.
Austin is moving to Miami FL, which means CLOSER TO ME<U+2665> swaggie.
very nice, that sounds awesome
Rise n Grind
yes...certainly a downfall. Didn't think of that. Hopefully it won't be too unbearable.
also just realized i hadn't tweeted in three days.
Excellent -- congrats! I'm looking forward to hearing more and to seeing how the book works for the class.
yes! Lol nice one
Here we go again housewives of Atlanta reunion part 3
hi mi what do u do when u got writers block im a song writer help
so only value in holds leagues? thx!
I'm so fuckin' sore from yesterday
Judge of your natural character by what you do in your dreams. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Remember how the Jazz were going to give the Spurs a series?
The theme of the weekend is #YOLO apparently 2pac didn't get the memo.
time to get functional, my dude. Leave the bench press at LA Fitness, try
I seriously NEED to buy this puppy.
Them bitches gone ride with who they thinks a winner.. but I'll be smiling in case they take a picture - Wiz
Crying. Nbd
miss you, maybe you'll get a 14th wind and stop by! : )
Thanks sweetie. Everybody check out
did you see them ? I was like so happy last night (:
Brian Harper's mustache > Bryce Harper's mustache
To person who pulled the fire alarm at work today: thank you
Haha. I hate him too. And yeah, drill sucks.
Fantastic night, great job, had a blast and have to try these recipes!!!
Very excited about tonight's tweetchat. Thanks for making it happen!
Watching the game- only 2 weeks until reg season begins
and well hung
Oomf I don't think is getting my text and I'm not trying to blow her phone up..
Wow, very cool looking live demo. Well done by working a biz plan #s into it as well.
10% chance of it being cancer .. i hope hes not that small percentage =/
Need any help/sponsorship for that? Wingman is like speed dating for iPhone lovers :)...
Happy IPO to #client !
Farmers market locations coming soon.
lesser known fact, I coined this term.
They do have a great beer list, but they've got good wines & someone knows the bartender experimenting w/ infused gins.
you're very welcome. Thank you for tweeting :)
maybe you would change your mind. but no.
Sigh. Flying drama. Flight delayed so was going to miss connection. Rebooked but didn't make it. Rebooked AGAIN. I WILL make it home dammit.
Since 730 this morning, I have successfully drank 60 ounces of water <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Never look back, it distracts from the now.
yes! Sobbing, laughing, and more sobbing. is stealing the show!
thanks dear! :)
Thats what we love to hear! RT: : I just bought THE most amazing posters Can't wait to decorate my walls!
Don't forget about the mineral called iodine. More on my boomer blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
Overtime. Lol I knew it!! An air ball from Kobe and Durant. Wow lol
storm happened in Chicago and we had a big tree fall on our house. Made claim at 8am and no assessor call yet.
Poconos bound today & feel like poo. Think my strep is now a sinus infection. C'est la vie! Still will be a fun wknd!
Good morning! Have a great Friday!
Not yet.
pictures are posted from this weekends events! go check them out!
I'm surprised more companies/agencies don't take this approach. Additional rev...introduction into top tier contacts and insights.
about to upload Robert Stern's set from last thursdays Trance Arson! it was sick as pneumonia
um, we live here! Are your parents w/you?
LMAO 1 bad call now its "Refs are favoring OKC"
yea thanks :)
. Hey Brian, are you coming to the opera on Thursday? Active Child is playing the after party at Act 4!!!
RT : Everything God ever asks you to do, even if it’s difficult, He asks because He has something great in mind for you.
Remember dial-up?
lol cool! I been hearing Wright might be traded mid july :( I will cry worse then I did for reyes.
Just made a cake for my coworkers because I am
how was the puck drop @ the start of the game?
can u have your people call my salsa instructor ?
and i are eating dinner with Meredith from the Office... Who knew!??!!
Ohmygod it's officially monday -_-
im mad oh my god
What are the expectations for the mets this year?
Can't wait!
geographically speaking, I'm in Albany, NY (where I live) but I'm available via Interweb magic.
Taylor gang or hang yourself with 2 chainz
ok, she a damn trip...I'm abt tA slap her though the tv!!
Also tell them to shut up.
watching jersey shore
dude! i was totally just on sound opinions!
#Offline for a little.<U+2665>Going out for ice-cream!! #Yummy<U+2665>.
Excited to get back to Vincennes !!
the problem isn't technological. The problem is that we have not worked out the semantics for we want to express.
I just ate a man-sized portion of pasta. Like a 300-lb man.
check out Passions by K on facebook! Website coming soon!!
Thanks for following me! I had a great experience at your workshop and took your advice, I'm getting new headshots on Monday!
Did not look like offside to me...
That Goffman guy is too damn smart. Good thing he never met Roy Wagner or the universe would've exploded.
Laying down in my bed.. I'm about to sleep good
Like "This is Your Life" for pet and peeve projects: RT Nothing like gathering old emails for a walk down memory lane!
Last home game week of the season is upon us!
Looking forward to my 2 night solo staycation in DC!
what are we talkin about?
#WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly You sing it to them.
Smells like CAKE..
We hope you all had a MONUMENTAL time at the 2010 IMM! Let us know about your experience via Twitter and Facebook.
Harbaugh: Both players "miffed" they were taken where they were taken...but happy to come to Baltimore.
I forgot I had a best friend who's a child oh wait #jk #7yearsolderthanme you would never know
RT : Anyone using SkyCore now? How is it?So far so good. Very Nice
cool pic - you know all the celebs :)
HAHAHA that was so funny.
still waiting on u to follow me!!
It was so bad!
nice to meet you too!
Nights with <3
this is the clearest message I took from our mtg last week. Small steps...but moving in the right direction.
my car also plays thumb drives. what a nice surprise.
I love meeting prospective buyers at open houses. Great opportunity to meet nice folks I might not get to talk to otherwise.
To the gym I go...
Just sat down to watch the game. See Clifford is in. Who was scratched?
Really wish I could see
Rumor there were no seats for the band, but again, not certain RT Not certain, but I believe so, yes.
#hottestpeopleontwitter me me me
Congrats to Ian Brosch for his Second Straight FOS All American award!
If the counsel be good, it matters not who gave it. <U+4EBA><U+3092><U+3082><U+3063><U+3066><U+8A00><U+3092><U+6392><U+305B><U+305A>
RT : Big s/o to my big cuz getting baptized today!!
AK haven't u been an MTV whore? MTV is perfectly willing to exploit children in the name of profit. i.e. 'skins' etc.
Be back in about 35 min
Thanks for the mention. Stuart
"All of the true things I am about to tell you are shameless lies."
agreed... first one i could understand to a point being a mistake... second one was intentional
Act as though it is impossible to fail
dm I envy you. We are told we have an amazing rapid deployment system to improve Edu but can't get funding. Partner or quit?
Fresh perspectives? Higher concentration of talent? Webfonts/better CSS support? Less historical baggage? "Web 2.0" counter-aesthetic?
Follow for tweets that never get old, & you gain followers.
RT : It's World Whiskey Day! I wish I could buy us all a shot so everyone could chill out. So much hatred everywhere.
book or movie? we started the movie but haven't finished it yet...the book was impossible for me.
hopefully y'all play next year, been trying to see u guys stateside!
Votes for the Hot 4 AT 4? Tweet'em now!
Wearing my hair curled by myself for the first time to school.im scared...
No but he's got lots of guns, overalls and a camper!
Thx for the shout out for #Song of Achilles luncheon!
I wonder if i asked to go to my 8th grade dance with me,would he? #NEVERSAYNEVER #DreamsComeTrue <33
easy rock star status.
I gave him the old condom. Duh.
Eagerly awaiting our keys!
thanks dood. But mos def im always here for ya.!
me babe
Does Vegas even have a river?! RT : Just saw 4 people skinny dipping. Yolo Vegas, I guess? O_o"
Holy shit, is your bullpen awful....shit the bed bad. Wow
ha wanna see her lol
try disabling the disqus plugin and I'll try it again. Thats most likely the issue. Or see if there is a plugin update for disqus
Past 2 nights been crazy #Work wonder who gonna get fired tonight.
For social media campaigns always ask, "What is my end goal?" says
Good morning LA! What's Up? I'll fly to NEW YORK today! #excited!
Sports absolutely crushed me today
I cuss so much
Shout out to for the follow!
I honestly can't remember the last time I was completely healthy how sad is that
it happens to everyone
30 more followers and gives away another shirt. Wouldn't that be a sweet Christmas present?
The costumes for "Simply Bach" are almost done! Can't wait to see the finish product!
Today I drove my car and got a parking ticket ($32.00). Sometimes *having* a car sux.
RT : One way to piss off Trump: Call him "Don."
A true icon for many
Who are you hoping goes ALL the way this year?? Starts today! We'll have the games on, come watch and enjoy GREAT pizza!
GO BREW!
It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
I've got my tiara on... We r celebrating today 1 Billion shares using our new Share Button App!!
Texting on my new phone!
Playing #BlackOps and drinking beer after packing up my entire house solo.
Get your Jeff Mangum tickets for his Live Show at the Athenaeum Theatre tonight. Call for show tickets at: 888-493-0004
my son did a presentation on igloos at school. He ended with a picture of the inside of his clubpenguin igloo.
keep me posted dude, might still actually be out by then
Its hard to forget someone who has given so much to remember.
'We Win or We Die' screening at Tucson Film Festival @ Screening Room 6pm
Night Club Singer and Recording Artist, Frank Tony style Ill send you some free recordings mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
Picking up my boss's visa at the #Chineseconsulate. This line hasn't moved 15inches in 15min
Geri Jewell, actress, comedian and advocate has read Someone Like Me and shares her thoughts on my FB Fan Page.
Man Im The Realest Out ! ! ! !
DID YOU EVER WONDER... Why they are called apartments when they are all stuck together?
A tornado warning.. really? You must be mistaken.. 77 & Not a cloud in the sky for miles.
Don't futz around, get a wiggle on. We're gonna go get zozzeled at the speakeasy. Put on your get up and lets get hot! It'll be just ducky!
Movie night with sweep :)
ur u ok
Thanks for the birthday wishes! ;)
Yeah man, promo that shit
Being Asian, I love me some Spam, but even I won't eat a Canwich.
Tonight! Whiskey Chicks in bricktown! Kacey Walkingstick, Joe Stansberry, Daniel Waller!!! Free beer! (there is no free beer) 8pm
Vanderbilt Police are an actual police force that has jurisdiction all over the downtown area I believe.
RT : March 17th!! Be ready for to kill da set at ! It's gonna get crazy w !
Still cleaning out this closet
We can't wait to see it! RT : . Thanks for the chat today! Hopefully you can edit the video to make me look smart :)
I have many talents..just giving a Fuck is noit one of them!
Come out to Seaside this weekend and stop in Crush for an amazing time and great food!
Its funny to see celebrities get pissed at regular people when they are saying stuff about them
Well done member Smart Grid Director Lee Krevat! Also named to annual "Smart Grid Movers and Shakers" list.
One difference between a plain clothes police officer and an undercover is that an undercover isn't required to show you his badge
Enjoyed meeting w/ 's new reporter, Kelly Quigley! Look forward to reading her upcoming stories on #cleantech in #SD!
Boston Dynamics Big Dog (new video March 2008)
I want sign-up for that club of you guys :]
Looking for recommendations. Great music documentaries? My favorite remains "We Jam Econo." Others????
EWW--->RT: I'd suck a fart out of her ass and hold it in like a bong rip.
Thanks my darling!!!
going home probably code oragne
no! Lol I can't believe you're leaving! I was excited to be coworkers. :( where are you moving on to?
RT Brand will fold by January RT The Dr. Pepper 10, 'not for women' commercial has to be the worst spot.
hahaha, i'm glad you saw that.
Great week so far. Coming over tomorrow. Sissy's coming over Saturday! Cant wait:) gonna be fun .
I will always love You. You taught me how to love, but not how to stop
Launching a Twitter feed for our MARKET project as a part of Living As Form.
I really want to see this.
First morning back from vacation, I missed my bed, slept in big time! Going for a run now to try & lose the extra weight I gained!
I'll see it again. Chris Evans introduced the screening I went to. NBD.
great tune
I really wish I was grinding the Sunday Millions...
RT : #Instagram lesson: if you keep it simple, it's worth a billion dollars.
Washington Wizards sign Fabricio Oberto 6'10 245 lbs, him and Haywood should be a force to be reckoned with!!
Giffords. Hard hug. Real emotion, some tears from Giffords.
Shout out 2 #CraigTaggart & #MaryThompson 2 of the most amazing #artist on the
is the biggest bitch
A must-follow for opening day: of DO IT.
Congrats! Build it & grow it!
Thanks for the follow Kirk! Hope your BBQ endeavors are going well!
Did you watch Devil Inside?!
thankful God walks w me during my darkest hours...although I've left Him at times, He showed me that He"ll never leave me
suppose i deserve that; people pitching projects, show+tell, if i only had {x} -- doing rather than talking #pubmedia (1/2)
#burningwoman neon neon neon
Gym was fun... Today was B-O-R-I-N-G
Hope, I just need a ray of that.
:( :( well I hope you start feeling better !!!! Can't have my sister sick!
Thunder snow...wheeeeeeee!
go #KFed!!! We're routing for you on celebrity fit club buddy!!
Bored.. fuck around and call it one
good morning Ms Free still admire you
no disrespect to whoever that is. This show will be veterans. Myself, Termanology, Reks, Slaine, NBS, Jaysaun, Checkmark...
Everybody wants happiness but nobody wants pain but you can't have a rainbow without a little rain.
I remain confused about the sexualization of chocolate as a selling strategy. Especially terrible chocolate. #m&ms
woo so excited for you!!
bitch ass city takin it... Too many tickets...
haha well yeah that too, but the doctor told me I needed to lose weight unless i wanted diabetes so its now or never.
My birthday's on Sunday. Come to Jose tonight and visit.
Already Wednesday I thought yestaday was monday smh
Phillip and Jessica going to the finale! :) Would have really liked to see Josh and Phil but thats ok!
RT : When you can merge intent with interest, you've got marketing magic. Customer Intelligence launched by
follow me :) You honestly don't know what it would mean to me if you did follow me. So PLEASE follow me :)
Aren't you all prolific now? Published here; interviewed there. I'm almost jealous.
They are at lunch :)
Wolf gets out of the 2nd with no damage. Cubs leave 2 on base.
any " hint " as to what the challenge is...?
R.I.P. Dick Clark - You made the standard.. that made the entertainment industy a better place to be.
wow thank u so much!!! That really means a lot!!!! :D we look forward to putting more stuff out :) its on the way! :D
he belongs behind the bar at #FatFalfas making smooties
A workout makes you that little bit better than you were yesterday
U'd rather luv others too much than not enough.
My sister Madison is not quite a human but more than a Bigfoot.... She Toemongus!
Crush: "Heey :)" Me: "Hi :)" Crush: "What's up?" Me: "Nothing really, just sitting here wishing you loved me.. LOL"
First time Paulie hasn't been on top since the season started.
Great talk from Gries: Iconographic tracking: Following "Obama Hope" all around the world
me too. Looks like I've very naughty.
"Got up this morning wit not shit on my mind"
lol Im so lazy right now.
You're the best, and yes.
It's a world on my DVR and I think I know who writes all the family guy uncomfortable too long word fights
When we set our intention for a specific result we are acting at cause; it gains more power and energy.
#viewerschoice lick each others foot.
So, can the Canes make it 3 in a row? We will see.
I GOT AH BIG DICK SO I RUN SHYT!
see, sometimes I have good ideas :D!
She turned her head and is updating her Facebook to say "nearly BROKE MY NECK...."
Am I the only one who can't stand when talks to America as if we are all watching Sesame Street "ok children story time... "
Sittin in class listening to people by the bell tower jam to backstreet boys and spice girls.
As soon as I had complete faith in God's purpose for my life doors began to open.
shit happens when you talk trash about me. i dont talk about you in a bad way. it doesnt make you cool it makes you an asshole
JonVoss shares advice from ken Kesey
“The things you do for yourself are gone when you are gone, but the things you do for others remain as your legacy.”
really Boss Really?
I do my best to take weekends off. I love being able to work on stuff during summer, but I treat it like a work week.
OH: Don't let the American version of Christianity reduce Jesus down to a sympathetic therapist.
Chillin'...I gotta eff with you & David soon.
and that "hard break" was a commercial for Greeny's appearance on Kelly show.
sitting in the heart of karachi, the Pulse of the nation, so deprived of vision, brain drain so evident
When u free
will do. Best of luck to you, sorry that we didn't see you here.
: yes--and changing story so white folks save the day. (As always in any Hwood movie about race)
Thanks to all who came out! What an amazing turnout...you ROCK...you know who u r!
Suffolk County Championship tn at 8 @ Farmingdale State College
Yea man
Such a fun dinner tonight with the super awesome and and I had a really fun time! :)
probably travel the world with my loved ones!
Where is my best friend when I need her? Goonnnnneee!
I love our heart-to-hearts. Simply amazing.
Yeah we got it right!!! "The City That Will Works now."
WHAT.!?!? New Video?
I know, right!? So good :)
marrying a man that can! (Cook that is!)
tweet! tweet twwwweeeeet!
I'm in a digital punishing class. We're learning to code eBooks so they'll look consistent across eReaders. It's HTML mostly
Tomorrow we make it official! File 30,000 Signatures for #LivingWage in Long Beach. Presser at City Hall at 1 pm
Random thought: throwing up a gummy worm. How gross would that be?
He had two choices, drink the last swallow of water in the canteen and extinguish the fire in his throat or
the Phillie Phanatic is not the greatest mascot of all time, that title would belong to the San Diego Chicken
I don't post a lot of #ufo information on twitter like I should. However I will increase if any are interested.
Can You Follow Me Back ?
I will be listening to Ron Pope all day, and loving every moment of it.
Thanks for the follow.
Haha but that was on my other account
What is the best way to treat dark circles? Put sliced cucumber or potato on your eye and rest for a while (and/or SLEEP) ;-)
If you bet against your stupid, point black. Money Team
Looking forward to Artist Open Studio in Houston today.
no I can..but don't #lol what made you ask that??
It's my only day off and ain't shit to do ::( ....Can't wait for my love bug to get back to O'town^_^
I hate when that rogue sticker hangs out on your shirt after you buy it from the store. Doh!
Hahahaha #true gotta live taking those quizzes though
Does your child seem to have trouble understanding directions? www.childlanguagespeech.com
Merry wants you to come to her match!
Pen, Lipgloss, keys
I need to vacation there, that's for sure!
I get worried when you take long 2 reply !!
iCare FHS believes all people, including people who have disabilities, have the right to determine their future. Let us be your guide.
It won't be as windy late tonight as it was late last night, but it'll be windy during the day Tuesday...weaker Wednesday! :-)
all I need are my magic shoes...
And there he is!
Dear Wisconsin: eating remarkable fried cheese curds @ an OH Jersey Cow farm. Better up your game if you still want to be Cheese Curds State
I tried to pay attention, but attention paid me
what's up beautiful?u hear from tgif today?
I'll check if out T. Thanks for sharing.
I like to watch babe porn : is that pig porn?
Don't like to call names...but Roland Martin is starting to be a loud mouth. If his Super Bowl comments weren't enough, here he goes this am
did u get my message about an intern?
Bars all day
"This awesomeness doesn't just roll outta bed!" Roy Tennant in keynote at
Out with my momma and :D
stick it in roll it! remind u of sum!
can't wait to see you babe. 4 more hours
so sad!!! Where did the sunshine go?! It was fast and furious....now bundled up!
No #sxsw spottings of Where are you hiding?
I agree, but even daytime #curfews assume that all kids are safer in public school, and disregards many alternative options.
Had a BU Short Film audition this evening! You know it's going well when they reconfirm your availability :)
Did that guy really just pee in the parking lot of the old vine????
A female with her own money does something to me...something god
..."we're gonna miss you harry kalas..."
Off to AZ for some fun!
Great powers been out for about thirty minutes now. No power any where close as far as I know. This is bull.
fear or love?It's like the difference between Psychology and Yoga-one is the study of suffering and one is the study of bliss.
If you're not at the women's #Little500, I feel bad for you, son. I got #99problems, but the weather ain't one.
please touch on smart gun regulations and the presidential race! Kids died in a high school supertuesday
Anybody ELSE NOTICE BLUE JEANS PLAYING IN AN ESPRESSO COMMERCIAL LMAO
only a true #Belieber would tweet you at 3:16am to vote for a cover for #Boyfriend :) #BOYFRIEND10DAYS #Believe I love you.!
I want to have Amber's babies this very instant...
Great day to stop in for a craft cocktail! Tours at 2pm and 4pm!
You're welcome! ;D
Question for my crush.....do you even like me?
Baby save up all your tears, you might need them someday.
Oh my
my anxiety has been going in and out of control lately! I hate it! It's so not like me!
yes, isn't it interesting?! All the implications it has for all aspects of interactive technology design, planning, management...
Sleep time hoes
Idk why I even attempt to straighten/fix my hair anymore. As soon as I step outside the humidity destroys it. I give up!
I need coffee.
if I can paraphrase Latour: production of ontologies is a process of collective action.
Lets Get This Thang moving...Lewis & Clark Landing
The worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument, you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
Sean Parker’s Stealth Video Startup Airtime Ready For Launch At June 5th Press Event.
um k thx
Pat's spirit helps me during times of trouble, I miss him too, God bless...
Whatever you need (:
#HowToPissAFemaleOff ask her to be cool with your baby momma
yes let's go hard
Ceremonial putting away of the coat today
In Love With Prince Charming : )
. Miller's calls are evaluated daily with absolutely no penalty for terrible ones.
So happy for you Caron. #GetIt Love, A #Mavs fan
Wing-Co on 36th and Villa seems to be the best candidate if your looking for a good ol' fashioned meth-stabbing.
Can't wait to go home and nap
Haha! Dirty. Yeah, I was exploring it, and as per usual, I just had to type "boobs" in to see what it came back with.
which did you mean to retweet?
Newt Gingrich Profile- A 3-some loving husband, Fannie Mae lobbiest, author, former Speaker. I'm running for president to help the 1%.
Another late day. Another home sold!! Market is moving!!
I was implying I'm watching Bravo the channel
yes-Green Eyeshadow! ;) Catching up on some reading instead-keeping my brains pretty too. Miss you also-Skypeity Skype soon? <U+E022>
Is it the app with the genie on the cover ?!
Betting on
Brighten up this Summer with Indigo's color services with free add ons!
Seriously the women in the #DWTS live studio audience may riot if William Levy doesn't take his shirt off!
not feelin this 830 game tomorrow
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
"A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state." Forget this line much NRA?
RT When daddy home I don't hear from this chick ~~> || I have obligations at home ! LOL jk girl hush i talked to u today !
i mishhhhh you!!!
Semester in LA week #2: Today we have guest speaker actor Peter Jason, then touring Warner Bros. Studios. fun fun!
why are you so PERFECT? <U+2665>
Anybody got kids that Janessa Shorts and I can babysit for money? Or any other legal thing...
Going to go see Phantom Menace in 3d in about two hours!!!
There were a lot of poetic justice braids in the building last night....where do you even go to get those done?
ya for real
My voice on video or phone <<
Good Morning
“If you have much, give of your wealth; If you have little, give of your heart” - Arab proverb
BMW, Daimler partner on ultra-light Visio.M city EV
Hey y'all! Finish the coffee and get to the Superdome on Poydras for the Save Our Shipyard March and Rally by 10 a.m! Avondalesos.org
Thanks for following us !
Yes and...I haven't forgiven you! I just think of you as "dumb as a Vienna Sausage" Now!
Cory left for Seattle this morning without saying goodbye. I miss him already, and Sam is standing watch on the front porch waiting for him.
Thanks! Was a piece of cake. :)
Just 2 weeks until I'm home sweet home
Glad I could be helpful!
where in atl is it?
omg!!! Are you okay?!
your my girl :)
Why Do All The Girls In BGC Look Like They Just Went Through Extreme Makeovers On Their Avis? I cant Tell Whos Who...
Jose Reyes... come to !
So Laycee Just Got Out Ambrosia Car Laughing For No Reason.. So I Went Inside
You guys familiar with a bug where you get a black screen then forced to reinstall the game?
Whose comin out to the Chattanooga show on 12/28 ?
; ok i'm a put you plus 1 just in case & say my name at the door
Bff's sweetly gentle your new boyfriend.how do they react?well they say"You BREAK her HEART.I WILL break your FACE.GOT IT?"
" Hate Mondays. Annoy Tuesday. Ignore Wednesday. Smile Thursday. Enjoy Friday. Love Saturday. Damn Sunday."
running karaoke at the Euclid Tavern in Cleveland representing the show. Come on down!
Director, Writer, & Produer...
You can't rise from your ashes if at first you haven't burned <3 bri
I'm in serious need of #Halloween costume ideas. The parties start #tonight! #Anyone?
Great! MT : Really enjoyed presentation on just what I needed. Incredible stories of inspiration.
why all the dots?
yo can I put sweatsuit on my iPod? Is it on audio?
A7 Try to land a PT job in your target role if FT not available. If not, make a pivot and take something related and relevant.
Live Lean Today has the best prices on ephedra diet pills including ECA Xtreme
why u up so late dont u have school in the morning
- thanks for following!
i'm scarred. for life.
We've got some funny followers! Check out the joke just posted for us: "What do you all a cow who's just given birth?"
lol interception of the nasty thoughts lol
congrats on your new son. Big Dad!!!
"Imma get dropped off wit them goons late night"...
I love ! U can tell he truly works w/his singers & his facial expressions r priceless whenever they sing nono notes. #TeamAdam !
Perhaps. He's also a much better player.
Happy eARTh day everyone!!!
thanks...I was inspired to tweet after the great wertperch tale of CW09.
I saw yours and a kid from my school was on there I was hell yeah
#AmericanU - Enjoy the study day! Be productive, study, breathe. Finals are almost over. It has been a good semester.
I'm going to be spending my birthday in the studio working, yall might not believe me but it has to be that way.
I think it's called the NOLA exhaustion bird flu with a side of mosquito bites & sun burn. The result of an amazing
Good luck to you! I entered "Incomplete Passes" in their self-published contest.
OH: I met my brother on twitter!
Power is back on! :)
Move to my district! RT : No, but I can get you a date with Pelosi. MT Can you get me an Obamacare waiver?
Go Brewers !!! Happy Opening Day !!!
he wouldn't shut up about u all day
How did you pick the winners?(:
If they show the awesome 'Beat LA' thing from 82, drink everything
Looking forward to see al the guys that were one time part of my septet, tomorrow Brussels Jazz Orchestra with Kenny Werner
RT : RT : Recalls Tues. are a chance to show the world we meant everything we said and we will deliver on it
Thanks for the #FF love The show last night was awesome! But my favorite part was Troy's muscle shirt.
Early bird gets the worm!!!
So, Breaking Bad is filming a car chase in front of the house tomorrow. Blowing through the stop signs on either end of my block.
right shits gonna be legit , these movies never end
I watched MAGADHEERA with a friend today & we had an absolute blast. Then we reread your post. Love your screencap captions!
RT : Woman Have PMS once a Month. You Men have Asshole Syndrome every other day!!"
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is a little extra
Rangers tomorrow.
good luck this afternoon. Beat the Lady Gators!!!!
I AM DONE AND NOW NOHING TO DO. COME BACK
oh and a pie chart showing most communication is non verbal! getting nauseous
good morn Brandi
#TurnToYou is gonna be fantastic !!!!! :,) my mom will cry tears of joy :) <3 #CantWait !!!!!
This is absolutely insane.
HMU IM SINGLE AND READY TO MINGLE.
hi you are also loved bye
The this weekend. I love
thanks for the follow! checking out now!
Nice job yesterday! Fave session, thanks!
congrats on your victory!
you're 27 followers away from 1000. DAMN LEAH
Long Skype conference to review and polish the surround mix of "La Lontananza." A few elements left to consider but the finish line is near.
Thanks to all who came to our programs and to those who helped make #ala2010 a great conference! Looking forward to New Orleans...
one of us can probably deliver them depending on how far you live
Brewed a nice batch of smoked pale ale this morning...pitched the yeast and left it up to the Gods!
Lunch with old friends for my girl's bday, skyline 2nite with the usual crew... not a bad tuesday!
Come sing me to sleep <333 your voice is perfection :))
i love you. (: I feel like an old person trying to figure everything out!
I've got 2 of his albums, always bumpin to him. How u been in FL?!
After seeing the price of formula, I bought my wife a copy of instead...this baby is breastfeeding till he's 5!
The evil one is back .
RT Wisconsin religious coalition aspires to cut prison population in half by 2015.
Going from .js -> php makes you realize how _visual_ front-end programming is.
Thank you!
RIGHT NOW!!!
oh shit. i looked up.
Everyone is singing #Smash songs!!!
collingwood was always going to win.. everyone knew that. we were just being nice. so im guessing you also watched it ?
he's right The Union made bad choices in offseason, fans pay good money for tix/gear, and should be mad
#Prince George's County, #MD. A weekend of gunfire. 8 people shot. 3 of them killed. reports tonight on News4
Laying in bed like What?????
Random on any music player is good. Random when Trans Siberian Orchestra comes up is nearly magical. JS.
Praying to #tebow for a CATS win tonight.
MIKEY WAS IN THE BACKGROUND. ASDBDKSBAHMSN
yes. I tried to find it on iTunes but I didn't found it. If you download can u tell me from where so I can download it too? :-)
Time to start pregaming for the night yet? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> #bored already
Dis pussy clean, dis pussy squeaky!…
if I ask you something, I want you to be straight up.
If You Are Looking for Directions to Easy Street, Look No Further than... Thousands of internet marketers are building fortunes with onli
I liked your info on instagram helped me understand and not be jealous thanks for sharing
Unfollowing Jason Whitlock this morning, no longer fun watching him come unglued.
"A Death in Summer", such a good mystery by Benjamin Black, even better than "Christine Falls". And summer is about to die, isn't it
would love 2 have some of the functionality of the android app on the web platform. e.g. titling bookmarks, etc
awesome, thank you! Please spread the word :D
21 minutes until I lock my office and go home :-)
RT : Love the picture just put up of Steve Jobs. RIP, Mr. Jobs.
Don't waste time trying to be perfect, just enjoy being that regular dude
Would love to see the Lions take a loss tonight! Go Bears!
We often picture Jesus as a lonely man, but Mark 3:21 says that he had friends. Do you have encouraging people in your life? Get some.
How is everyone doing?
Yup, there's still time....just keep an eye out cuz I think they're changing it up, especially since Lionsgate is in charge now
Make sure you join us for the 2012 NARI Remodeling Expo February 3-5, 2012 at Madison Marriott West with
hey, thanks!
nothing more powerful than people believing in you =D Keep your good friends and your parents close!!
"there was one point where I was going around the dance floor with a limp leg." - lastnight was awesome.
J.R. Smith...Damn!! That dunk was stupid.
UN FOLLOWING AL THE ONES WHO DON'T FOLLOW she loves glee and is a purple ninja
Now you can listen to Christmas music.
And I have made it CLEAR he doesn't have a chance with me. Very, very clear, and I always have made it clear.
It's International Jazz Day!!!!
Hop on a plane and let's go!!
recorded it going to watch it right now so excited :)
I'm sure someone has already tweeted this but are all the hats at the #NFLDRAFT size Small? These guys are big!
Read my last Tweat and tell me if I should? lol
Br. Bill Rehg, SJ sharing a paper for Woodstock Brown Bag today on Lonergan and Habermas: Contributions to Understanding the Moral Domain
Save 10% any new Holiday Party booking at the Charlotte Marriott Executive Park. Call 704-527-9650 and mention you saw it on Twitter!
DUDE when did you get ableton?
Cool man, thanks for the heads up!
I absolutely agree!
"Chase, did u put the wet clothes in the dryer?" "yeah.Oh wait, did you want me to turn the dryer on?" I know why mothers eat their young...
Hades and Red Barn at the Lincoln Room. It was definitely a "strong" night.
#schoolmemories being fat.
Ruthie Otero Rocks! Congratulations on another fantastic performance! You deserve your standing ovations!
Guess what im doing?
After a long day and thinking I'm come to the conclusion to just charge it to the game and move on let the past be the past
no problem
what u been up to buddy
Hate waking up with a headache
what the heck was thrown at my car last night?
Welcome back :) Did you miss us? We missed youu <33
My name is.... MOOOOOJOJOJO!!!!
haha the 5 year old Boy i babysit LOVES that show..it's kind of dumb XDB
do you have swipes?
eh is that true Marion Cotillard 's baby was born? I cant understand french :S
Lets Go Packers! Lets go!! Charlie reppin Plano East boi!!
On my way to Yankee stadium :)
Thanks for including me in the #DCEvents Daily! Hope you're doing well.
Very sorry to hear that Secret Circle was cancelled but I'm looking forward to your next project
I think if life exists, it's probably like this.
Not a day goes by.. I'm starting to see a trend here.
Wanna be innit?? :)
Such colorful people in the ER waiting room.
Get going on the plan: make it full time if possible. A more consistent rate has better outcomes for completion.
lol thank you! But it's a 16 tho.
it's a Tuesday night.. I'll pass on going out tonight lmao
Are you freaking kidding me? What a freaking downer
Watching a documentary on the Seattle rock scene in the 90's. So inspiring.
You can visualize what you desire and bring it to yourself! Start doing it now!
wonderful! happy Friday to you!
Just want you to know, you are always welcome to use mine.
WE HAVE a Empire now! Spend the war money on our people instead of war contractors ,all over the world.The poor bleed, the rich get richer.
Welcome back! Just got to SFO myself right now although headed out instead.
you got a mustang???? wth
NOW I munna go practice belly dance. :-)
agreed but disenfranchised grps go unnoticed by main stream America. Hence why we march. But the story is key! If they listen
Govt costs less if you pay workers less. (Ignoring consequences.) The problem solver rocket scientist crowd.
Nicki's Pink Friday Roman Reloaded >>>>>>> IM IN LOVE OK
Amen...Brooklyn or Bust at this rate...
Gwen stefani singing on #gossipgirl class!
I hope none of you out there has LOGIZOMECHANOPHOBIA....(the fear of computers). Unfortunately, their are people who do.
ur not a douche
Our better block volunteers are tired of cheap pizza, can anyone help us out with dinner tonight?
Stop flinging pee all over the bathroom!
I have no authority over the NUMC. I would suggest contacting them.
May is Southeast Asian Heritage Month. Who are your favorite Everyday Freedom Heroes?
so it's working, but all I get is voice audio. Seems like I should get explosions and stuff also...
our website is currently offline, we are switching servers..
Omg YOUR SO ANNOYING JOJO! * voice *
Phones are evil devices. 150 years ago it would have been the pony express.
I think my iPod is haunted. Outta nowhere, my iHeartRadio app plays a random MJ song.... 0.0 Either that, or I didn't close it properly...
Brazilian weekend !
Any thoughts on WorldCat Local? Sitting in a presentation on it right now.
homemade mac and cheese & pink lemonade <3
There were fermatas in the first third of this piece... what happened to those? Hmm.
I hope your groundhogs day was as fabulous as mine was<3 mine was pretty fab though (: hehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehehe
Nice! :) you're on it now. Already had you on some game-dev lists but def sounds like you're into #boardgames! :D
make your mom happy & sleep ez-ier at nite. Reassure her ur practicing #safesex- no unplanned babies, no
I personally think Spanish is easier xD
Sunday at the lounge Will be hosting the Bad Bitch Party and im spinning ITS GOING DOWN
We are playing 2-A-Days in Pearland tonight! Come check us out! Doors open at 7!
More No. VA Brokers on the move!! Marty Almquist leaves Cassidy Turley for Avison Young.
SocialCam just looks spammy to me on FB. It's always some shady video, not normal stuff like YouTube.
Kiss this weekend goodbye with the spirit you'd kiss the Blarney Stone! Happy hour is going strong NOW!
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you have less than 100.000 followers . Follow and he will get you uo ther instantly
Instead, I think Kobe was just giving a short, stupid answer to what he deems to be a stupid question from a reporter.
I have a real tough time separating an artist and their work when that someone is personally vile and repugnant to me.
do we really need training to be authentic, model failure, persistence and flexibility ?
Dreading the #RoyalWedding and the hundreds of stupid tweets about it from people who think their jokes are clever and original
Just got accepted to study abroad in China this summer, and Paris in TWO days!
You're way ahead of me! What's Keynote?
the should be ashamed of the amount of drug dealing I see waiting for bus at north/Maryland
Congratulations to Jeri Williams! Winner of our Kindle Giveaway at ALA MW! Your Kindle is on it's way! :)
Headed to the distillery with family in tow ( ) Be there from 11:30-12:30. Join us
LET ME SLEEP!!!
I believe Geographer and The Frail will be representing!
But im kinda okay with it cause during the summer im going to get really tan.
Must be nice to know you're a style icon :) Cannot wait to see what you're wearing!
Sorry, of. Dang typos. Just talked to Aaron. Supposed to do an interview in 15.
Get some more beers!
I'm holding the scarf hostage. So...
haven't heard from you In awhile. What happened with #freshdirect?
Listening to B5 and B2k working on my term paper. What..is..life..
hello my friend!!! Hope I'm doing this right and you get this...
The Fox Tucson Theatre will also present Alice Tan Ridley (what an amazing voice) on the 13th @ 7:30pm. Get tickets now!
A "shush" of librarians is heading your way! Hope there's still some food left!
The boss lady! Follow her!
In the end, we’re all Artists - we just practice art in different forms, with different kinds of medium. Just work as if you're making Art!
MY SOUL IS LIKE A MIRROR IN WHICH THE GLORY OF GOD IS REFLECTED, BUT SIN, HOWEVER INSIGNIFICANT, COVERS THE MIRROR WITH SMOKE.
Time to start pinning;)
I understand that rationale
Its easy to get into trouble but its hard to get out of trouble
Great Weekend! So much fun! Now just got to get through this week!
I'm going to be a "different nigga" after this trip.
The lecture my mom just gave me<<. Like idc , get out my face.
Good Morning Colorado Happy Thursday!!
Just the tasty bits.
Falling asleep at work? Flex your fists tightly for 6 seconds, take a DEEP breath and exhale. You'll feel a little energized.
Have not gone to sleep yet .. Been up since before 12 or yesterday <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
SHIT! It's been 32 min and stuck watching reruns of Crossing Jordan. #knowagooddivorcelawyer?
back in the USA ... great trip, but SO happy to see my boys!!
It's #saturdaycinema time! What ate you watching (or planning to watch) this weekend?
8 of 10 trending topics are about the Lake Show, nice
LOL... Don't give them any ideas.
FATHER'S DAY ALERT: really excellent gift ideas here! Custom, collectible, or brand new -- we have it all here Wed-Sat 11-7, Sun 11-5
it's just them performing it live in concert.
No mention of the Albuquerque overpass's height—or of the semi-trailer's that tried to pass under it—but the trailer was definitely taller.
Colo US attorney responds to boulder da in med marijuana issue. Says decision to shutter #mmj dispensaries is his choice, not d.c.
small business marketing
It's been one year today.
Kinda bored.. What needs to get done
And you never give your self credit, so can you ne capable if not even you believes so.
When you hittin Denver?
Music saves the soul
Happy Birthday, Jenny!
#StirOSU OH: you need happiness, but it is difficult to quantify.
Humidity killed the cat
good grief! Lmao!
it only takes 21 days to form a habit.... is this one of those grown-up things?
Jackass is good... Just not while you eat..
#nce11time to announce the 2011 national supt of year: Marcus P. Johnson, Sanger USD California.
Talking baseball with random dudes in Giants hats on BART. Yay home opener!
paper football winner!!!!!!!!
I feel bad for #dondraeper! This is the worst birthday present ever!
blow dry her hair
hey good chat last night! what is your email?
#edshow Santorum: People don't want government forcing them to do things. (Ya mean like giving birth to a rapist's baby???)
I do too. But I have no idea how to change the tire or anything. I just learned how to pump a gas 3 yrs ago :O
Please welcome TShoutout to the Max life
The panda one!
I love your dairy obsession. And your crazy dreams :)
Party rock would be on when I turn the radio on, the day after recital.
If you watch college backwards, it's really about losing weight, kicking a drinking habit, and getting smarter.
I'm my own worst enemy. If I can get my mind together I could achieve whatever I want.
- A modern Haiku. Built on medieval structure. Then do vice-versa.
Raza, if our children must be an anchors lets not make port in Arizona.
Looking for a great "essential" item to show clients? Try our his/hers New Englander Rain Jacket. Perfect for all this rain we are getting!
Blessings and Rewards and always on the other side of Commitment and Action!
no, sadly :( I almost went last year, but didn't! But this year, its on!! Have you? :)
Yeah, not surprised to learn that. I'm sure it is a tough go in BC especially w/ ltd land & big import market. BC is pricey
Watch everything! Life is the blueprint to a great stage life
ehh I don't think so I wouldn't trade it for a million dollars. not kiddinng
alright I got you
do we need a special pass for this keynote?
I need to upgrade my dessert stomach. Needs more power.
I wish Lannum had a twitter. We could all be tweeps!
Today's work goal: discuss compiling copyright bibliography w/ colleague. Also finish revising ch. on audiovisual works.
Upper Manhattan & the Bronx under the gun next 20 mins... Washington Heights, Inwood, Morrisania, Port Morris, Williams Bridge
Yes you should(:
absolutely. Specifics make or break a blog post ;)
The other features celebrity poker players and their lifestyle.
But I got bitched at for the things I chose to use to clean it up with.........see, that's one reason why I'm ready to go
The guitar could be better but that face is pretty....special ;) haha
Tough question, someone who gets me thinking and does good in society RT : Who is your favorite #SocialMediaIcon?
Will the circle be unbroken? No, the circle won't be broken.
Sounds good to me:)
Crowd having fun waiting for #LevitatedMass- clapping We Will Rock You, yelling I Love You Rock
Wanna get your product in front of over 400 young Columbus active co-eds? Red Bull did it last year. DM me.
You need some of a piece of The NY then : hope to make sense, some really know how to attend from BIGGIE.
Chicken dinner. :)
Was that Tom Brady's first game as a starter, versus Manning and Colts?
peace out mahomies. bed time for me, me thinks. well see ya tomorrow morning luvies ;) this sexy toe is out. xoxoxoxoxoxoxo
We are live at 3pm EST on 3/1/2012 for your online shopping convenience of The ZEST Collection. We can't wait to serve you!!!
bo! green bay won! ugh steelers r still better! lol it was a great game tho :)
oh wow what happened to her? I was just watching the bodyguard the other day lol she was so beautiful
Wow Spurs pulled off a mean run lol
but not tomorrow, tomorow you run with them and play with them, because you can. And you WILL make the wisco rugby team.
doesn't make sense. Whatever.
Everyone needs a BRAND NEW SKIRT!
friends, we're gonna hang out at the after work on friday if you want to stop by. 5:30ish. maybe swing over to cooper's after?
Didn't know Ray Finkle was a Raven
Big news announcement tomorrow! Stay tuned!
Baltimore was 3rd highest in Winter Classic ratings. :)
If a guy has a girlfriend, ladies it doesn't mean to still try to talk to him.
where's the pics from last night
miichelleBG CAN A BROTHA GET HOOKED UP WITH A BUY ONE GET ONE FREE AT LIL CAESARS. CRZY PIZZA THOUGH!
okay, are you coming back for game ? I was staying for you.
there's only like 19 days left of school, but yet we have a billion tests and still so much we haven't learned yet.
actually yes i did. it scared the crap out of me lol
Time to face a new week. Whats ur thought on dangerous children?, hunger games? More than meets the eye...
(3/3) better believe I will be going. So maybe we can all go together.
Alright Ohio Stadium let Penn State know how the country feels about them right now
rip that shit off
she's looking like she should be saying "oh" lol too cute!
"I'm troubled, I'm dissatisfied. I'm Irish." -Marianne Moore
how many libs follow up with students/researchers re: what they produced after uing materials? What a simple, wonderful idea!
WHAT PLANET WERE THESE REPUBLICANS ON?! There's never a time when American troops are NOT fighting oversees! MY GOODNESS
@ Followers add me on facebook:) or on my youtube,:)
Shout out to my new Follower... He is an Awsome person to follow... i got Mad Respect for him!!!
Reach up for the Sunrise! It is my ringtone
was in charge of the whole thing is now helping other players/teams, doesn't seem right to me. And I thought he was a lawyer.
note to self...never shower in parents bathroom....or you'll get stuck there. -_-
Joanne Rose is a confirmed speaker at the LA Web Fest 2011. Dates: March 25 - 27. www.lawebfest.com
I LOVE #SodaPop ;-)
- last day in the office this year!
I am seriously the only girl who finds wearing a ponytail on her wrist uncomfortable
FINALLY watching the last two episodes of
hey are you going to winter music conference?
Ok here we go. Like A Prayer. So much more relieved now that M.I.A. dropped the pom-poms.
I'll take ya girl,kidnap her! Beat her to my mattress!
blakk people b piss me off on family feud
I just finished a 1.63 km run with a time of 08:47 with Nike+ GPS.
Off to Salisbury for the third MD legislative preview.
Heey! Thank you very much!! I love your default picture, by the way! ;)
Ideas are a dime a dozen, execution is priceless.
Two random political thoughts: 1) I don't see how Dems can raise comparable SuperPAC money. 2) What woman will possibly vote GOP in 2012?
Is there goingto be another #MaximumBeadle today?
Happy Valentine's Day from everybody at the Daily Grill!
that was an actual song they played on the radio
How can she help??
Thanks much for the follow! Have a wonderful week!
yeahh ive been busy as hell lol but all is well thanks! getting cold tho... still up for that trade?! =p
thanks gorgeous!!!
i wish i could really hold a convo with <3
There is a special kind of language spoken by government IT employees. Trying to learn it as we speak.
Warm weather = sun dresses :)
Here's hoping the grocery store tomorrow is not like it was on Friday.
you are amazing!
13 mins left in the Second. The Bulls are not keeping as much pressure as they were at the start. UNM is getting some chances.
Today my former showbiz world collided with my anthropological sphere and it was *really* interesting ... I could get used to this :)
i have a headache because my brother took a stack of paper plates today and punched my in the head with them
Hey you, how is school going? Am prepping to go back next year and want to hear how it's been for someone doing it now.
Going further, gifting seasoned dutch oven for indentation ...
Purple Rain
Let's win this- ASS FIRST BITCH!
No sweat. It happens.
I mean I actually know you so it wouldn't be considered "thirst" u feel me lol
#ThingsICantLiveWithout A well-made suit jacket.
hey Jamie
Win a free boardgame! The best stock market joke or comic submitted monthly will get the new www.StockMarketTheGame.com. Must live in U.S.
Yes she did.
I didn't say false imprisonment WAS news and I am well aware of those facts.
Carter joins the fun, as Kings score again. LA 3 STL 0.
really cute! I need new make-up bags. Great gift idea too! #ValentinesDay cc
your gonna be on radio disney tonight?? NO! y u do this?:(
alright Fasho cuzo! How the family doing?
I don't think I can even do mine because I left stuff on it for too long.
you need to be my good luck charm!
“: everyone you meet is afraid of something, has lost something, and loves something” I'm afraid of losing something I love
Thank you!
Finally I can tweet. Wasn't able to tweet all day.
Did you know that "Jessica Sanchez" is trending right now? It's a total hussy WITH YOUR NAME. Sic 'er!
yeah it's just like iphone apps on the 4 before they all updated for retina...
: Kanye and Kim hold hands at Chanel event #idgaf!
Good thing about traffic jams? Plenty of time to charge your phone!
"Recorded Future" is a third generation search engine that goes beneath metadata for its results.
": Kanye taught me, not only is HAM delicious, but you can go it!"
Tom Ashbrook back on ON POINT RADIO = the world is back in order! He is the greatest voice on radio... or anywhere else!
Hey Ram. Good to see you on Twitter!
will be joininh us in
Surprisingly easy. :)
when You comin back? Evs going home fpr good on friday
1 final left:/
Halloween is coming up quick, get that special someone a candy flower arrangement from us to make the day extra special!
OK, just don't overdo it. Remember what happened to Becks! :-D ... I'm not exactly sure but I think I overstretched it
How many Heart Attack Grill casualties is that? I've lost count.
I do weekly market shopping trips for 3 people, why does it seem like others shop for an entire year and for a family of 10?
Who do you mean?
Game 7, go hard or go home, no tomorrows in the playoffs
Joe de Bruyn is what is wrong with Australia. He sounds like Tony Abbott and wants to march this great nation back to 1920.
Happy Birthday to have a great one :) and lots of fun (:
interesting. I don't get why they keep making the same movies.
awesome! Personally wasn't involved but hear it is cleared up.
Signs your date is going well.
I need my bed. Headache. Nite nite :-)
I'm No Beauty Queen , I'm Just Beautiful Me !
Ohai ! Hanging in Cap Hill for Seattle's #Python shindig
So many good movies come out today i really want to see Red Tails!!!
away with u, jackass
Guess what I'm doing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
if I come within a 100 ft radius of achohol I'm gonba barf
"every time you close your eyes (lies, lies)" - The Arcade Fire, Rebellion
I am missing our good friend Cotten Stone. Know her so well.
Housing is much more fun than I thought. Dancing can change your battle strategies ;D
I'm catching up on the game episodes lol
Thank you, Nita! Look forward to it...
I always get what I want
haha i did the samee thing!!
Thank you! We did, it was wonderful.
Auditions after auditions that's what I want my life to be busy. Never taking along break. Always following my dreams
but also indicates that one can't even be bothered to insult (cf: "You're so so lame, and no one here even mentions your name")
HOLY SHIT! That's terrible, so sad. The lady taping it told her to stop. Why not stop recording the video and hit her?!
Virtual Hug*** If that helps
Thanks Ebony for the re-followed. Have a great weekend.
5 finals in 4 days....could be worse.
thats good man lol. only a Packer fan could have a room like this. Thats insane you get to go to Bishops camp man
RT : Best lunch ever! pulled pork sandwich was so delicious and a burger with brisket on top thats some
Have you read the novels of ? GREAT stuff!
my dad said I can come. So ill see you guys Saturday in school...
its ok hahahah i always come on here trying to promotee us but then i always get into silly convos hahaha
gOING TO GO WATCH JUSTIN BIEBER ON DVD PEACE TWITTER ;P
#DeepestSongsOfAllTime Anything from "In Love and Death"
Stay up-to-date! To sign up for the Poetry Center's monthly education newsletter, DM us with your e-mail address
Lollapalooza, North Coast, and Loops and Variations are all set in to place! This Chicago summer is gunna be just fantastic! #LoveIt!
Are you serious. Lmao. If I was Keshia I would have been saying bitch you come on and touch me not the other way round. Kmsl.
Thanks for the RTs this weekend
RT : Intention defines outcome.Don't believe me? Look at your own life.
Trayvon Martin's killer George Z. arrested & charged with 2nd degree murder and is in custody.according to the Associated Press
This class was a waste..
Go big or go home
I've never been a Tito fan, but was I ever happy to see him win and celebrate tonight. Score one for the old guard.
I need to stop cursing so much
I'm DPing a comedy in a few wks & my director wants me to watch "New Girl" Im in manic pixie dream girl hell. #I'veGougedOutMyLeftEyeAlready
You know what really grinds my gears... snow that goes away overnight
hello brother!
Lucky you - it was delicious!
Love Direct TV, but not right now. and I are going to miss our shows because of the storm.
Don't hate the player nor the game. Hate yourself for not being a factor.
I'm home, but not yet for good. Have a month and a bit left
Hey imma #Belieber and this is crazy, But Here's my twitter so follow me Maybe...please! <3 :)) #CarlyRaeJepsen #CallMeMaybe 3
was that English?
You sent me a message guys but you are not following me so I can respond back ... Scion Social Media team, follow back, please...
hole in one, motherfucker. eat that. *tink tink* right off the flag pole. win.
There's a room full of niggas, what you following me for ..
Will women ever stop slotting themselves into the characters of Sex and the City? Currently, someone is insisting I am Carrie...
Clutch goal for the US before end of the 2nd period. Can't lose to Belarus.
Mine is fucking up too.
u have to follow me first, u can't direct message people who don't follow u.
I voted no on HB 5005 when it come through Economic Affairs Committee. Thanks for your support-keep making your voice heard!
Check us out at #interop anytime this week in booth #1117 for a chance to win our grand prize Ducati!
Laughter is inner jogging. - Norman Cousins We should all do more of that :-) Happy Friday!
TOHHHHHTALLY WORTH IT!!!!! It's like Freedom! ;)
Now you're talking. That's the best name I've heard yet.
no, just following from my office –would be great if some of the sessions could be upstreamed
That's what i mean! It was quite a shocker to see a line
TY for the RT on #internpro! Now following. Setting up a GenY panel for a new project.Would you be interested?
um YUM! Seriously. Yum. I'm thirsty now.. and I think my lips are chapped. ;)
Pool and beer. Yay!
what's good bro bro? In the city trying to get on, raising my daughter and learning.
Absolutely breathtaking view of thunder from the 11th floor of UTA!
OMG THOSE PEOPLE ARE EFFiN CRAZY!!!!!!!!!!!
Is It Raining In Milwaukee?
Thanks, Glee!
IT BETTER NOT >:| #crushedsoul . They're literally one of my favorite bands.
He's right about state funding, though; for the 08 FY, GMU got 140.5 million from the VA general fund. In 09, it dropped to 118.2 million.
I'LL MAKE HIM
Newsflash: Jumping rope hurts my balls.
I hate my internet 4real bruh
I'm in such a giddy mood right now and don't want it to end
Reading tweets from #saa11 and wishing I was there. Next year, , next year!
Welcome to twitter....about time you plied us with your musings.
Thank you very much for the follow on Twitter
It's that awkward moment when you're on a different plane than anyone else moment.
Spring is around the corner! Need a good spring cleaning? How about a detox? Contact me to set up a free initial consult!
I believe Innsbruck, Austria.
Private Love by Delyno ft LooLoo # greatest song ever! #
Aren't crystal and Jeremy on the schedule for tomorrow? Or are you just stopping up?
I HAVE A QUESTION
how are you
look forward to catching up next time!
Ha yup!
let's do it- I cannot wait! Topic opportunities abound....
We have our winners! Check your direct messages to see if you won.
Thank you, Titanic 3D, for making me obsessed with Leo all over again.
Exciting things happening here tonight! The LoveBomb Go-Go Marching Band is coming around 9pm! Join us for some comfort food and music!
Set fire to the rain.
Random fact: If it wasn't for music I would have shot up my high school. Scary but true.
looks like your wish has been granted!
that's just a bunch of malarkey
You should get in touch with our friends they are great people and great bakers!
Making my do not forget list for Boston.
Long, rockin weekend. Back to the grind at midnight.
Reveal yourself, tiny songstress!
I don't need her lord knows ion need her
really digging your twitter profile pic . Is there about to be a #Scandal? LOL
I thought so! I love your stuff! I might have to blog about it! :)
I hate the way the announcers say his name, too -- Poon-to.
Sorry no response when you Tweeted. I know Judge Wiggins, and I read the articles. Msg me 2 discuss if you like.
The greatest danger for most of us is not that we aim too high and we miss it, but we aim too low and reach it. - Michelangelo
RT A lot of brides want to get married on 10-10-10 a note to future brides: 11-11-11 will probably fill up quickly too! lol
mines on Saturday!!!
#Verizon & #ATT really have not hired some smart pricing economists to do their usage based pricing schemes?
Wow Urban Noise fest is tomorrow at Brooklyn Bowl!! What the hell am I gonna wear!?!
Just had an earthquake in Long Beach! House shook hard...no damage apparent though. Scared us for sure!
= A political JOKE! Two Truths by Obama on economy & you rate HALF-true? Then, with all going "LOL," U correct to 3/4? Really?
Rather than saying fudge, my professor chooses to say "God bless America...or Texas"...Loving my Nonprofit Management and Leadership class
I thought no one was suppose to know !
Stayed home cuz I thought it might snow ;)
Got some at the Banff Mtn Film Festival over the weekend, looking forward to giving it a try.
The saints didnt actually injure anymore folks than the average team. An veteren players on all teams offer to pay the fines of teammates.
S/O to everybody thats Graduating High School/College
Lonely up in 460
Why did i ever let you go?:/
Columbus-based Middle West Spirits' OYO Whiskey & Vodkas are now in the Washington, DC market! They just keep on growing!
Yeah, this is her GIF that Alli liked on GIFboom (:
Treat yourself at Tipsy Salon & Spa and earn 20% #cashback with your purchase of $60 or more! That's a
thats why i like the summer, lots of heat.....
Why did they have to start construction on Capitol when I decided to be over here everyday? BS
Someday I'll find a balance between tweeting for work and personal tweets, but for now, find me during the day and !
Friday the 13th? ;o
Yo I definitely know that feeling homie. RT : If it ain't one thing....... its another.
Its funny how and i are sitting right next to eachother and were talking to eachother over twitter
Just because today is mothers day doesn't mean you should treat your mom special today, you should treat her special every day!
The best way to get even is to forget- InSpotter mobile app
It would be cool if Rosetta Stone had a course for common business terms or something along those lines....
Of All Bodybuilding Advice Is Dead Wrong!
Please RT our previous two messages to spread the word! Thanks!
- genius is often misinterpreted as lunacy. Patriot!
Sexy thunderstorm... *Drake* damn... damn.
No test today c:. Cant wait to get out at 11.
Eating lunch in my office because, after 4 years of working in archives, I can do that.
does anyone use hotmail and find it crashing all the time?
Got a temporary crown on my tooth today. This is a first for me, and it kinda hurts.
Need ID'd by USDAs J. Stiener in #feed9b discussion daunting - need to produce 21 bil gal of non-corn based biofuel. Requiring 29 mil acres!
great hike this morning up sunrise mountain. Getting ready for hike this week with
All I have to say is that Josie tore up the dance floor, and I have 300+ pictures. Congrats to my brother-in-law and his new wife.
I can't stop watching 30 Rock.
(AP) -- Romney wins Rhode Island GOP presidential primary
#pissed twitter isn't loading. Can't see anything....
Top 3 movies of all time?
“: Memo to my Grandmother - don't even THINK of doing cartwheels. #Superbowl”
If another singer uses the words changing and rearranging in a song again I swear.....
My screenplay for "The Homecoming" was recently made an Official Selection of the Queens Int'l Film Festival screenplay competition!
black & white diamonds, fuck segregation !
Wasn't she the cutest baby!? She has grown up SO fast! Her Daddy said we could get another one! WOOHOO!
Turning the corner on this ear ache. Recovery is as challenging as the onset though: re-pressurization is brutally uneven.
I know! I love it
Wow! Lucky you! Do they perform a lot over there?
what up guys
amen. What are people so busy doing after work that they can't clip them at home?!
no no i know what you meant but i was just saying haha
Ethan is definately on my prayer list!
well we better be catching up soon! Come to BSU studios tm night when we're recording
Have been sitting on beginner's chords for so long... Must Get Rocksmith in the fall. Time to get electric!
What are these shots?
Tonight at the grange in DE with bright and early run for it and me equals you show at 6 10 bucks be there
good luck #vineyardvines with the #hingham #derbystreet opening, so excited for all of you!
hey did u find ur camera?
It will be. I took a pic and put it on FB and am proud of it. I was only STH with guts to write. Good thing I'm a jounalist.
Members of the public shouldnt take lightly the potential effects of emotional abuse in childhood or in any life stage.
There are so many things wrong with bacon. But so many things that are right.
hello (: I am mentioning you.
We don't need someone to eliminate the debt if we have someone in office who can literally consume it. Chris Cristie
:( sorry to hear that
‘The Avengers’: Chris Hemsworth Interview and New Photo Gallery via
Anthony Davis, Fat Joe, Jadakiss, Harrison Barnes, McAdoo, all here.
When's the last time you saw a movie in the theater?
one song can bring a person into your mind so fast its unbelievable.
Haven't learned about anyone I work with leaving their job via Facebook or Twitter this morning. Hope I'm not missing anything!
Placed in platinum league! Now to begin a lengthy losing streak...
is Mary Hall Surface on Twitter?
Leggo im ready to go
You have a new follower in me! Excellent insight.
Me and Keaton just Chillen in the bed
lol yes she is :) cause she told me
Last tweet!!!<3
I guess my dress is inappropriate for all these older pp.....so what! #crosses legs*
Hey Jack!...guess folks tending to their Momma's..have a great one..
fighting for a Council Seat Washington Post...
DOPE beat on "broads" man!
Sitting , looking at the early morning light in my sons face ...he reminds me of the Stay Puft Marshmallow man.
Back to the music check us out soon on reverbnation... the CD bout to be flooding the city too... Free... B.O.D. V2.0 & the new Black Book
She is terrific! I'll be tweeting tonight under the handle 4 bcast of & Follow
will you ever notice me? <3
#FollowYou Can't wait!! it's gonna be amazing as always <21
yes we see what you tweet but you dont see what we tweet whenwe tweet you lfmaoo.
Its is still crazy to think back a 150 years when there was no instant communication. We are spoiled
Leadership involves finding a parade and getting in front of it. John Naisbitt
“Do not fear death, but rather the unlived life. You don't have to live forever. You just have to live." (Tuck Everlasting)
GM Mike, Again I have to say Great show this past Sunday.
I just need to wake up
Long day! But thank goodness I got what I need to be done!
Alas, he's the only preschooler in the neighborhood. But, his older brother can be a bit thuggish.
i wish there were more guys like the best<3
I am SO excited for the new episodes coming soon!!!": : Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. Enjoy! #StorageWars"
What's a formspring? Should I already know this? I can be slow...
Or how about a toad-in-the-hole!
O Vegas...... How I've missed your pretty face.
So sleepy, not even 10
Sweet Dreams Love
Ugh! I should have sent that chandelier pic to the Patent Office after all.
RT if you know what's good for you. Speaking of... is on CP Short List, TribLive Tickets, and WYEP on air announcements! Get there.
Thanks Good evening
according to I am influential about the following three things: brand management, microsoft and china. i had no idea.
Happy record store day! Come by the ZIA RECORD tents and get exclusives from WMG artists!
I must have those shoes.
Porcello is giving them the biznazz!
:( I'd take the day off, but I have a big Friday deadline.
Going to 's concert Oct.29TH! Cant wait!!(:<U+2665>
Positive thinking <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
The Scarsdale Public Library was great. I loved to browse the young adult stacks, until I stumbled upon a man masturbating.
My story is still being inked!
Keep pushing and keep moving forward. You are one person away from where you are trying to go.
Yeah they're great!
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that saying I'm a the German word for potato as loud as you can is fun
I need a battery cover like asap
I'm sure since your wife had the baby, she wasn't feeling it anyway. Why not work on your batting I say!
DM me the
Self published author help get the word out on blood drain angel's story pleasse RT info on profile or @ facebook.comaprilrenamooreauthor TY
Broadway Jeremy Lin taking over New York. Knicks learning how to win. This winter is shaping up to be a special one at the Garden.
“: Did you know that the human body cannot make #omega-3 fats on its own? We must get them through food or #supplements.”
ceta is nice and quiet right now....but not for long!!!!
and we are super proud of you justin
Like duh!! Change ur password to something more other than iLoveBrandon ;) that's so hackable RT you got hacked yo!
• Cub fans are adorable, because there's no such thing as a fair-weather Cubs fan!
#acozarks Arts Center of the Ozarks. Where you need to be the first Thursday in may. Catch the Fay and Zoller openings.
Joe Biden's 2016 presidential bid gets a boost. From goat to hero in 3 days (at least on the left).
thenn we gots to have a chat soon then :)
Where is at??
Bout to eat :)
It's 8:00 already.. Wtf?! Where have I been...
#ItSeemsLike I'm a rich bitch. In reality, I'm just a lucky girl blessed with parents who went through college to have a better future.
“You miss 100% of the shots you never take
Add a little sugar, honey suckle lamb, a great big expression of happiness
it's shitty out but snow should be melted by game time. See you there!
thanks for the RTs!
Sometimes things don't work out how you want them to.
I didn't realize that NHL refs get to be baseball umpires during their time off
Love, and a cough, cannot be hid.
REAL TALK GIRL! Lol RT": I look amazing naked. Real talk."
Crowdsourcing - it's the new black.
Yeah. I've had my moments of terror. But once I check my closets, I feel better. That or I cower in the corner with a knife.
When people use good and well incorrectly I naturally correct them in my head. Bad habit.
what would happen if I reached out for you.
Sup twitter bros
So, is anyone looking for a roommate?
Wow. We can't believe how quickly the time has gone by. It is nearly New Year's! What are your plans for the holidays?
Thanks for the bday shout out my dude!
Baltimore 's Little Italy community have restaurants opened on Christmas Eve for the feast of the 7 fishes!
If you can't love and respect yourself - no one else will be able to
Just Tapped: Russian River/Avery "Collaboration Not Litigation".
thank you so much!
I laugh in the face of ignorance
lol,that's your opinion. almost every guy think the same for guy singers at our age.
Retweet this to your followers? And we are so glad you did! #180voices180stories RT It's my day to blog!
you're very welcome as always my friend :)
11 years after graduating from , I'm brainstorming on datasets for the student projects.
Big bang theory is such a funny show
DailyHookahTip#66: Check out the new washable hoses , less than $10 and they last longer than your standard velvet hoses.
haha its ok. She's washing it tonight =)
C'mon Kobe's ego... you know you should try better 2 establish Gasol & Bynum anyway... Prob would've done that if u weren't sick.
When you skip your math homework to go play in the park in the sun... Fell of the swing and cut my knee #karma'sAB****
If we can now send a man to the moon, why not send all of them?
I don't care for Budweiser but there's something about those Clydesdales that makes me happy. And history themed
Assembly amends and passes both #familycare bills
I hope me and you can be friends someday, as of now we need to take time to heal from this. I just hope it didn't have to end like this.
Have a good laugh! Wrote A few words to "JUST IN TIME" to express my thanks to Congress The video is on my Facebook page mrsingfranktony
--lady taking the picture was retarded so it came out all demented. Would you edit it if I sent it to you? Xoxoxoxo
Yall are boring me -_- need more answers on the questions 2 entertain myself. lets do it this way,a S/O for anyone who answers the questions
Off to boardman probation <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
If you do something "white" it's not considered cool. Unless it is at a job interview.
Who lives in ARIZONA ?
ok good thanks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
RT : Way cool...just spotted a hummingbird nest in one of our Luquidambar trees.
#NewOrleansMascotShouldBe a Popeye's bourbon chicken, cause that will #ComeOutToPlay 24/7, unlike the Hornets
Watching #Titanic. This movie never gets old!
Moonwalking into jail because you're a smooth criminal.
Follow me !! :D
playing wii bowling with and her family and her french exchange student, lol,
will be having auditions for his film Blurred Vision on Monday, May 24, 2010 from 7-10 p.m. at M.I.U.A.D., 1501 Biscayne Blvd, Miami, FL.
Welcome to Oxford Property Group, Rosales, Humberto, YOHANNES, RACHEL and Cole Washington!
Hair pulling, ass grabbing, rough riding>>
Tune in now and watch Sachin and Martha cook at 10AM on hallmark channel!
What it do pimpin? Hope GOD watchin over ya and keepin these haters at least 50ft from a pimp. M-TOWN 4 LIFE. PLAYBOY!!!!
Damn lost all 3 bets for nba playoffs and a bunch of blind plo flips... had spurs, okc, and Portland moneylines. I'm prob a fish
HA! way to make all the valet parkers feel guilty!
The Bonus Track #18, I Fux Witit... Love The Mixtape! Grind Harder Than You Did Yesterday.... LILNIGGASWAGGEREDUP
Having a blast w at cousins quince <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
"drummer Omar <> suffered what M*** called a 'self-induced health-related concern' that made him unable to perform with the band."
Goodnight Guys :)
I want a sonic slushy so bad!
Can you learn me to dancing ? =D
had the doritos tacos at SXSW. It tasted like eating pure sodium :/
Anyone got any recommendations for beach books?
Hi Christina Palladino from ABC5.. do you have any pictures of the accident you could send us? Thanks
A new release is on it;'s way!
that's wrong in so many ways
Rise and grind!!!! lol I know I'm not the only one that just woke up lol
RT : Delmon Young belts a solo home run in his first at-bat with the Tigers!! Tigers lead 1-0 in the first inning.
thank you very much, i could not have done it without you.
My stomach pains... <
The average human will shed 40 pounds of skin in a lifetime.
Tweeting!! And watching TV.
Thomas Kinkade died. I bet his soul is resting in a little glowing cottage in a painting in a mall somewhere.
Thanks for the RT :) - this is a great chat! My first one.
Followed me on instagram. Life complete.
Thanks for the Envision mention!
I love you to.<3
yes yes yes yes <3
Completely gave up on choir...
Good mooring Twitter friends.
now only if your vagina tweet was an original. has to stay celibate or we won't get any more songs like Alejandro. FHL
Farmers tan from lax equipment >>>
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou Do you actually mean what you say or is this just one of your games.
yep n forest fires n hurricanes
But I like herpes.
I like when my sport overruns class. I mean, Bummer.
I think it was a long time ago too.
shout out!
I want to know her hairstyling routine. It doesn't move!
"The future depends on what we do in the present." - Mahatma Gandhi
Happy Friday the 13th!!! #FF LOVE THESE PEEPS!
“: Many have asked about…AI, ML&DB…is a full load for a Stanford Masters student. We suggest trying it!” < rest of my 2011 playtime
thank you again for the invite to the show today! Great band, awesome people :)
If friends only talk to you when they need something
Today is the birthday of landscape architect Frederick Law Olmsted, Class of 1838. via
A relationship without trust is like a phone with no service: all you do is play games
Sure: could you come up with a specific title/topic + blurb/reading list for the site?
Tlcfree2beme/put a few celebrity sub stories behind yours and you can sell it:-)
Dedicating my whole life to music and discus
camp ramapo is a wonderful camp....you'll love it!
Oh my fucking god, this girl private part stuff is disgusting. >_<
We hope all the moms out there had a well deserved weekend full of fun, hugs, and relaxation!
yeahh! Didnt think about it bc i turn on tv immediately! Thanks!!
#momquotes: Mom "If your friends jump off a bridge, would you?" Me "Why would any of my friends jump off a bridge, Mom?"
I just need one of those hugs right now.
KEEP HOLDING IT DOWN BIG HOMIE!!!!!!!!!SALUTE 2 U......
The Washington Highlands Interim Library closes Saturday to prepare for the opening of YOUR new library June 13! Can you tell we're excited?
Just heard one of the most inspirational woman speak at the YWCA Luncheon; Ashley Judd!! What an incredible human being!!
Social take a back seat to search for purchase decisions.
": To The only women who has my unconditional love no matter what My momma I love you!!!!" #cosign and well said
That's what she said.
Hop Crisis is chock-full of that lip-smacking hop goodness!
iight then bet
Can't wait to see how faithful Tebow Mania is now that Denver has a real QB!
BORN ready man! See you soon :)
Valencia County Deputies investigating dead man found near Monterrey & Manzano Expressway near Los Lunas, #NM. Story on News 13 at 530.
Thanks for the follow. You do have a great day and a productive one.
No worries lovely :)
thank you for the info I will be sure to check that out. When u find the time check me out www.reverbnation.com/jewallep
help me with my religious studies revision then please! i have my exam tomorrow :( xx
Lol aw thanks girl!! :* RT : #FF , she's mad pretty and her dimples are a mile deep :)
“: On the tele-seminar with & ! #REDXTS” [it was a great call, thanks Michelle and Sue]
Clouds with a decent chance of rain & storms in the afternoon. Strong warming as temps will reach into the mid 80's.
I concur! Srsly needs to wake the place up next year - maybe Emma Stone hosts?
Lmao!!!!!!! ": Harry Potter will always be in my heart, no matter what happens. <U+2665>"
drink more water. I always try to do this and end up with another cup of coffee on my desk. guess I shall go get some...er um water that is
Huh, interesting. I'll try to make a trip to see that. Thanks!
Oh wow. Yes, that's horrible.
Pregnant Because Of Jerry .. LMFAO!
Thats what you do on your free time? Cool. RT : I just called someone a loser on fb and they gave it the thumbs up. I give up.
yea the earbuds wit the red wires.
Beef teriyaki and salads :)
Look trick phuck u and ur twitter. . .ur officially being Unfollowed now.
rapid fire DM back to you! Sorry but had a lot to say!
only thing missing is the pool, DA POOL
It's 3am and I called room service to bring me a DVD player
RT : "There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life." -- Frank Zappa <---Truth
Think not just about what Christ gave, but what He gave up in order to be our Savior. What will you "give up" for the sake of someone else?
Really great coffee. Has just the right balance for me.
Two notes on sweet endings: 1) nothing quite like Nutty Bars and 2) weekend accomplishment = finishing #MadMen, hurray!
Thnx 4 the shout out. We are nearing the 50 mark & the day is just starting. Come on #innotech lets donate those old cell phones
Excited about our CSL Directory Project with - improved site to come!
I am tired of being fooled ,I was going to vote 4 Sen JOHN EDWARDS a Dem ,N.C.hoW STUPID IS i?
gas is expensive so you best believe I'm getting my money's worth :x
I feel bad for because he's bored at my house. Anybody want to hangout?
i dont talk to you because you're bored
Hey all you new followers!!!
I broke down and joined Pinterest yesterday. Just what I need something else to get addicted to online.
are always talking behind their back an talking shit. Get over your ego trip. You always have to be the center of attention you
Love God first & watch the pieces of your life fall right into place.
Blues will beat down Nucks in playoffs!
ah the
It was sad at the airport :(
Just read your final column. I always enjoyed reading your stuff. Good luck to you. A true loss for the Journal Sentinel.
Use Sunday night to prepare for the success of the coming week.
Keep it real
- Badass. More of this please. This is such a necessary component to Chicago's growth in the tech segment. Good stuff.
Dude dress down to his but that's entirely too long
such a good movie
Every man takes the limits of his own vision to be the limits of the world - Arthur Schopenhauer.
I can't believe I'm drinking Heineken in a can. Thanks neighbor
right at 12 o' clock last night school became a lot more hectic
Are you people coming back to today ?
I love you 2 death Dylan, but idk what 2 do. Ever sense we kissed, youve acted diffErent
ever notice the V for vendetta tattoo J-Rich has on his shoulder? Haha
A pleasure and ditto! RT Well thanks. We hope we will be seeing more of you!
#Baltimore Baseball Tonight on now Talking #Homerpartyattheyard. #Orioles taking it to
Everything I touch turns to mine.
That used to be my bar! Lived a block up the street from there two years ago.
hello there my friend!
#blackberrysucks! yeah iPhone!
You know, our big girl Electra loves roaches.
Oh my goodness. Is that where you're working today?
Im so in the mood for a good
outstanding, thanks for responding & letting me know. Luke hit a big dagger 3 for Cavs last night, looks like he's settling in
I really hate the fact that I am painfully awkward with people
Certainly seems to be seeing network effects on a new scale
I'm currently working on a few last minute changes to the new profile which launches this week. It's going to be really cool.
Awesome game!
Everything that you have ever wanted in life is close to you merely waiting for you to recognize it
OH: "Of course, there are the people who still don't HAVE a CMS." Sigh.
Thomas Bruzzesi, 2012 Republican Candidate for President is currently at Libertarian Party meeting here in Fort Myers, Fla listening
Lol this negro finally got me my money..i was finna make a call.
Done... and done!
You don't want mine! haha I can check around for ya?
Text your bf/gf if you're in a fight. You're tweets back & forth saying how mad you are are doing nothing but pissing me off.
Had a parent say to me this morning "I see u everywhere watching your players." As I told him that's the point. Care will take u a long way
Attention friends and followers! I have changed my handle to #thekatekennedy Get into it.
Gonna back him up on this, He could've gone much worse. In fact, I expected it... so now, I am disappoint.
I am not as much as I should be but trying to find out if I can volunteer at ASL!
Randomly: I wonder if there are any bad puns on Latin mandere/mandare. There deffo should be.
agreed, and I bet they will.
For my mom this morning I hugged her tight & sang to her saying "Happy Mother's Day to ya" then says "your hott get off of me" hahahaha lol
One never knows what each day is going to bring. The important thing is to be open and ready for it.
That trip to Chicago was supposed to make me rejuvenated and all it did was make me more antsy. Not to worry, its a good thing :)
Called strike 3 on Pedro not even close to a strike.
Wow can't believe Bama's BCS trophy got shattered.
aww thanks and i hope you have a great week 2 :)
EVERYONE TWEET to try to get his help to change 's mind !! She tryin to commit suicide!
Man The Hunger Games was epic, but a tad disappointing it left out a lot of detail
How tropolones synthesized in fungi: 70-year-old chemical mystery solved
maybe it will grow on you. Wishful thinking right?
RT : Grab some pine meat! Are you eating from the bark of a pine tree?
Bill stands for personal responsibility, and spending less than what is taken in. Vote for responsible government November 8
little jimmy delagotti (spelling?)
Nokia files patent lawsuits against HTC, RIM
I am super excited! I am currently looking for a place to live in Nashville, TN.
I always think of Louis whenever Look After You comes on shuffle. <U+263A>
- most underrated golf area in the world.
Hit me with a MENTION
Finna go make me a sausage egg, and cheese bagel! ftw
It's always darkest [I'm drunk] before the dawn [there's a cop staking out my car]. #TrueTweet?
Last thought of the day R.I.P. #junior #55 will be remembered as one of the best LB ever thoughts go out to his family
Gummy bears and Cava...yep, it's the #Oscars!
I want to be the activist investor of the 21st century. Icahn's day has come and gone. It's our turn now
Oh, see if Newt Gingrich were President, not only could children be janitors, but musicians as well!
haha you should (: and OMG cool ! Hoe old r uu ?
Wearing my white hot heat gear, playoffs are finally here !
for real crazy weather it was in the 60s in atl. I'm not complaining at all to be 45 in mpls for the winter.
Surround urself w/ people who know ur worth. U don't need too many ppl to be happy, just a few real ones who appreciate u for who u are
- I've seen all of her concerts. She is amazing. No one does it better.
These Bitches Is Wack . ( Dusting My Hands Off )
Lol she's sleeping right now
Just got the best tip for the day: "You can't give out great advice, and not listen to yourself."
#nowlistening #mm "Please Do Not Let Me Go" - contemplative singer-songwriter at its best.
I loved it<#3333 please tweet me
The shit annoys TF outta me!
on our way to a posada
Headed to my alma mater Howard University for homecoming tomorrow! Can't wait!
you assumed correctly
Just after 5am and have been in traffic for 20 minutes - suppose that could bode well for attendance today for
I just can't take any guy that only listen to rap seriously.... Have some diversity!
Only for the most hard core of fitness/cured meat enthusiasts. No amateurs.
Ok, ready to be back in CA
These old guys are ridiculously adorable.
wanna be an ambassador for the largest campaign against human trafficking ever? (legit request)
That obnoxious couple doesnt make me want an ATT phone. It makes me want to watch as they're eaten by hyenas. #just wrong
What show are you going to be on soon.
nice bunny!
The National Museum of the American People will tell the story of all Americans who came to this land and nation!
wonderful! Make sure to introduce yourself...
Had a delicious protein shake <3
Black lightsaber of death & destruction RT : Clint Dempsey.......Jedi Knight? What color do you think his lightsaber would be?
I'm getting sick :(, can you help me feel better? :(
interesting! I wonder what it's about? :)
oh wow lol
Dude let's do it!
No dinner tonight.
*facepalm* You'd think I learned from the whole Lar... I mean, “He-Who-Must-Not-Be-Named” experience...Terrible.
Hi Sarah, thanks for the RT. Hope you have a great week.
life at it's best'
Mum wants to take us to see Rizzle Kicks, its a day before your birthday so its like a little treat for you
Wow. The new site looks fantastic. Was that an in-house job?
I love seeing ish like this. {RT : Holy shit. Cincinnati is an awesome city!
Today's gift card winner is Abby Litkenhous. Congratulations!
Please stop just tweeting all these depressing stats and give some solutions.
What does Britain's Got Talent and Politicial affiliation have to do with each other?
Sending good thoughts. Hugs to you.
muthafucker can't stand the ground i walk on?! how bout that?! i should motivate u to get some act-right bitch!!!
“Above all, I’m taking the shield of faith, with which I shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.” - Ephesians 6:16
boy u got my heart beat runnin away
Thanks Lydia:) how are the girls?
If everything is coming your way, you're in the wrong lane
Not watching the game, but enjoying my Twitter-feed of fabulous feminists calling out the predictably sexist Super Bowl ads.
Now you're just somebody I used to know - Gotye
New book released 6/26: “Wait – The Art & Science of Delay” by my friend & country’s most respected observer of legal behavior & finance.
will you come to Nashville. You have tons of fans here!!
and my brother driving like somebody damn grandfather we ain't going never get home!
Y don't u answer a simple Question I posed 2 u ? Can a Muslim reject Quran or Hadith?
I need to lock myself in a cage or I'm never going to get everything done that I need to this week.
I poop my pants.
. They are taking the Discovery space shuttle to the Air&Space museum on top of a plane that is showing it around in the Nat Mall
Arabic test tomorrow.. I don't feel like studying ;/.
hey I need to get up with you on how you did your packet? I'm here at i106 lookin to move to the next level!
somehow I forgot this story involved bloody marys. Was this the polish drunk?
Sheila Colclasure Global Public Policy & Privacy Officer follows ED CIO comments on stewardship of data and policy imperatives
Joridel performing Live @ the 1st Hispanic Festival in Liberty City Miami, Fl on the 11th of December!!!! everyone in miami go show me love
Why must chocolate be so tempting? ...and expensive
Improved my triathlon time by 9 minutes. Only my second triathlon, first was less than a month ago!
Awesome! RT : Sounds great, I'm going to sign up for the Wimlink event too.
Datasoft... Worst name for a company ever. Le Stick. Worst name for a product made by Datasoft. Also, NEAT!
If HCR gets done - all credit in the world to Pelosi and Reid for staying with this. Especially Reid who has real tough reelect this year.
Great night - thanks for being amazing! See you soon.
whtis this for !?
A rigorous two day work week, then it's off to NY for #MUBB at the Big East tournament
Oh my goodness, I found out early today that the legendary Nate Dogg just passed away yesterday. Words can't express me now!
New album is AWESOME! Worth the wait!
at my friends house
Glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back soon!
im going for ricky, lake:-)
says: DC Fire & EMS in full water rescue assignment - nothing found. Units back in service.
Evening of stimulation to the senses. Ended for me with Hollis Frampton. Loved it. #filmmakers coop
Everyone is entitled to an opinion, but you think the fact that everyone in the US is also entitled to an education would stop ignorant ...
Dessert: dark chocolate covered roasted almonds in Turbinado sugar & sea salt w/ an Old Waldorf's Last: 1 gin 1 cream 1 Orange Curaçao--up!
hey those are just good people trying to get from here to there…..unlike those loathsome pedestrians and bicyclists!
I was very productive today too!! Now just chillin at home rocking to AC
yes, follow and retweet Japanese baseball players
Did you take your wife to for Birthday Celebration. My gift to you is NOT singing!
thank you! Wish I were on the bus today...
Hootsuite!! Love it!!
UVM vs. Lamar in 30 minutes. Yes, it's technically a play-in game, but it's the game the tournament (for me).
Quick totally missed it though. Could do that a 1,000 times and not score.
RT : This weekend is Goes to the Dogs! SM staff dogs include Josie, Sam, Zero, Muldoon, Sully & Bodi.
Happy Mother's Day to All Mothers, Mommas, Baby-Mammas, G-Moms, Young Grand Mothers, and Step Mothers. You Are God's Blessing to All of Us.
op, I guess it was unattractive...I swear I remember her saying ugly....weird.
no doubt baby!
#wildwesley Dance Tonight @ 8pm!!! food too!!
I think I'm gettin sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
sounds fun! Light, delicate body right?
"In EMILY'sFILES Adal #writes a view of the alterations of #time & #history in a #thriller that will keep you on the edge of your #ereader."
just got out of the theater a bit ago. It was awesome!
I feel ghetto today
Thank you !! Happy #FF!
your welcome!:)
Feel free to drop in and check us out anytime (and visit & Zig the Pig)!
That's funny- and I had exactly the same idea on the way over here!
Well said “: For all sad words of tongue and pen, the saddest are these, 'It might have been'. -- John Greenleaf Whittier”
worse...or did you mean "better?"
hey happy wanted to get some records from you for a new artist we have, u have a contact?
Thinking about the right way to do Web API documentation. The REST API docs are one of the best examples I've seen.
“: Grateful to have the opportunity to help another human in need, especially around my favorite holiday. #thanksgiving” -> Yes! :)
doesn't matter I worked it out!
Watch U2 live from the Rose Bowl on 10/25 @ 8:30PM PT, www.youtube.com/u2
and rich niggas like me don't care about money! *hands 100's to the needy*
on the rail and wishing good fortune to in #wsop15 ! - Time for that bracelet! Take it down Allen!
It is probably a matter of temperament, and for anything I know it may be glandular .
lol me too ! I didn't even knw how to do my pict
Devani is finally gettin her weave! Sucks that its raining....
If every guy was like Liam Payne, almost none of them would be single, just saying.
Crispy. Chicken. Bacon. Swiss.
I think your website is down :(
My mom taught me to read, as soon as she possibly could, using giant cards she hand-lettered in calligraphic red ink. Thanks, Mom!
I guess I'll force myself to sleep.
I haven't ever been so excited (no homo) about a rapper dropping an album before....hurry up and drop that son!!!
Headed out for my weekly lunch date with , always one of the highlights of my week! :D
To the woman at the #Liberty #Chipotle, god bless you for always knowing my order. It makes me feel that I'm at a burrito version of Cheers.
hey, mind shouting us out?
Yeah. Now u don't have to move ;) Guess younger voters & > educated also voted vs. it. And Asheville, of course.
Nice to meet you! down at SXSW, look forward to learning more about what you do. thanks for intro!
I think it's just called VACATION. The "family" is implied.
Getting ready for lights out hope a good amount of ppl join in
SO to on his visit @ Puget Sound
Good tip - when it comes to #contentstrategy, treat photography as being as important as copy.
Christmas sho Christmas sho Christmas sho rock!!! @ the tequila garage tomorrow!!!! 10pm!!!!
MY MOM HAS MY CAR I CAN'T GET THERE DUH
Inspired by #BL12. Gonna grab some water in a refillable bottle for #BritaChallenge and tomorrow. I will run Sara
Lately I been goin through life
Need to rethink searching - we need to think about how we can leverage the distrib. nature of the Internet
plus romney has talked about believing in christ
Trend 3: new media channels, where big brands will build out own media properties, "social cloud architecture" via
Someone has serious issues! #GROWUP RT : Just saw two grown men on one motorcycle...that's wrong in so many ways.
isn't on campus so would anyone like to give me a ride home???
Its funny how ppl who call themselves the hottest is barely lukewarm, and those who r the hottest never boast about it
It is on Fox.
did you guys drive through Toledo, Ohio?
Would feel much safer outside with my Australian Shepherds if they didn't try and hide between my legs because they are scared of wind.
thanks but no thanks
hey im great... hows poland these days?
Dedication: FREDERICO MARIN, Dad, we really miss you. Not a day goes by that we don't think about you! Love Lily Marin
Awesome! Thanks for the props!
Thanks to Mountain States Insurance Group for your support of KiteFest!!
It's better to have few true friends than lots of fake friends
#idRatherHave A few close, loyal friends instead of a lot of friends that ain't down for me.
Sleeping all day >>
I recommend everybody go follow she'll follow back, and she has the best tweets,!(:
think you Joey hero
Getting married? How about working with the cupcake bakery that is consistently voted "Best of the Knot"!
Q: SM and #Ford A: reality show with social media component Sat night. Engage via live screen after the show. --Top that :)
I just got thru watching H50 finale. I cant wait for u to watch it.
#Ciroc ... with the babe tonight!
It is better to have a fair intellect that is well used than a powerful one that is idle
yea me and Craig know... we've already set up our first coffee date on May 26 lol
#imagine Austin constantly kisses your head and cheek, and has his arm around you. He can't take his eyes off of you.
blender does allow exporting at .stl file - which will work in the neighborhood 3d printers - turns out we are who we thought we were
Well the surgery was rescheduled so at 12 its gonna happen
What color do u consistently gravitate to when it comes 2 clothes or shoes? Never fails, I always go 4 beige heels lol
#GoTribe Steven sleep walked
Can't believe I'm sitting in a work training telling me how to use twitter and Facebook. I don't want work in my social media!
Two technical foul FTs from Brian Stafford gives #Pioneers the 27-20 lead with 15.1 left before the half.
PVLA has a FAQ resource for Artists re: Philly Biz Taxes--let us know if you want a copy!
Trying to make the my own hashtag catch on for work makes me feel like Gretchen Wieners. So fetch...
Ring My Heath Bell - Disco night at Marlins stadium
I'll give you an "A" if you get a perm.
and vagabondage ruled that show today - lots and lots of gypsy rock hooray including random street love
Just got in #Lebron James #Brewers jerseys! (Just kidding.)
Amazing statistic! RT : 1200 laptops lost or stolen at LAX per week! Tom Koulopoulos, CEO, Delphi Group,
interesting...where is "here"?
Why is caitlin in the hospital? :o
Yeah! So whatcha wanna talk about?
will have other parties, yes?
they didnt like your outfit?
Matusz is done. O'Day now pitching for the
alice hoade is the coolest gal i knows!!!! i want her to be my bestEST FRIEND
okay! Will do.
Adding to my list now...
"Lovers of punk rock..." Not me? I was in a punk band in the 1980's, and in Maximum Rock and Roll!
It was pleasant surprise in my email. Nice gestures don't go unnoticed.
Boys ? Not my main focus rii now. If one comes along great if not then its okay..
Okay I'm reloaded!
Thank you for following, were following u2 . Be sure to check out our all new website debut on Feb. 5 at www.ruactinginla.com
Inbox Zero. Did not see that coming, but I welcome it all the same.
If you ask them about it in class, let us know what they say. I want to hear their answers.
how are you tonight? Just finished watching LOST I am so hooked
#mdayton accuses us of not attempting bipartisan cooperation after HE refuses to show up at meetings in his own office. Unreal, but typical.
Happy Winter solstice.
#telljimmy #AmericanIdol is horrible.... It's fucked up #tv and
Nappy ass headed bitch.
gym was funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
not all are a sleep while dreaming
and me?!
been way too long! Have fun here in
Good Monday ATL! We have some tweet catch up to do from the weekend but hold tight we've gochta covered
Major craving for popcorn! How early can I get the good stuff tomorrow?
Shane Dawson 8)
unfortunately, I missed it last night :( heard it was amazing! I'm watching it tonight, what'd you think?
yeah - been meaning to sign up for months and finally bit the bullet.
Congratulations to my BFF Denell and her hubby Marshall on the birth of their beautiful daughter Marina! Headed to the hospital soon! Yay!
RT - In Pittsburgh for Pirates vs. Astros tomorrow and then on to Cleveland for Indians vs. Yankees....
Talyor Green is one of the oldest looking rooks I've seen in a long time
Maurice Sendak was truly an amazing children's author and he showed us that not all monsters are scary. One of my favorites for sure!
it'll be fine.....after the xanax..bahaha have good time:)
Prod meeting today with the new additions to the crew.3 were removed and 5 were taken into the family.should be an interesting sat..
Having Denny's with mi madre and mi abuela
Happy Thanksgiving to all the #cowboy fans out there! Hope everyone is having a wonderful day with wonderful food!
She has been in biz since the late 60s. I adore her. One of the strongest and most charismatic people I know. You come!
Worked on edits from photography shoot.
always great to talk to our advisors! thanks and for all the great advice :-).
RT: If we hardheadedly choose to hold on to strife, we are choosing to step out of God's protection.
oh but it is past my bedtime! Early to bed and early to rise!
she said it very bitterly hahahahahah
Tomorrow at 7a.m.
HELLO SUNSHINE Event Wednesday, March 14 6 – 8pm. You're invited to experience Dr. Bucko's exciting new Harmony Laser system! RSVP now!
Thank you to for hosting me yesterday up in Boston - Wonderful to spend time you you all!
Soon. Very soon
there's just no one, no one like you
watching reunion show & you really outta stop. You hate on everything anyone says positive about their life.
New Yorkers are 1) smiling and 2) wandering around aimlessly. 70 degree weather turns this place into an entirely different city. #Portland?
- I appreciate u sharing that Wade, now we have a perfectly reasonable defense, whenever we need to smack some since into
Bringing a 5 year old to my Phi Alpha Theta officer meeting. This should be fun, Surely she'll tell us about Ben Franklin and John Adams
My baby got another account please add him.
I agree with this comment, which is why Im ?ing ZZ & DP's strong defense of Hester as legit WR in 1st place
Every Bitch takes a picture with this facial expression ^__^ <-- Dumb Hoes
Shooting the Spokane Shock game tonight..should be a good one!
It looks like it's neck and neck in the "Who's More Douchy - The Peeps Happy it's 4/20 or Those Annoyed it's 4/20" Race.
talking about play - innovation at
We're on our way Baltimore, tonight!!! Hope to see all you lovely folks there ;)
Thanks for the follow! :)
nite but I'm not goin to sleep! Wyd??
damn. I dunno if I should be mad or not
You KNOW change is needed in a game when it goes so long that POSITION PLAYERS have to take the mound and pitch!!
Sonic #Baltimore Don't forget 1/2 Price on all Morning Drinks everyday until 10am and then again for Happy Hour from 2pm - 4pm.
YOU!...lol actually the moment to seize the opportunity and run with it..Til the wheels fall off
Want to exchange follows? let's support eachother. There is a promotion site that is free on my profile.
Fuck Carol too, what do you mean you don't think you can trust Rick?
The feeling of being unwanted is worse then death it's self
practising raver makeup on and listening to :D
Boutta hop out of 317 and hop into 305
Probably because people like free full walkthroughs with every detail about sidequests, bosses, hunt guides, etc, oh and pictures..
Summer training schedules now posted on our training page. Visit us @ Http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Terri's Tues Tweets. Transform 2012 Register a friend & you get 1/2 off; reg. 2 friends and you can come for free -
okay thanks will do
So cool!! I just used a #starbucks app to pay for my drink!
At 415 Westlake for Social Media Club
So which one is evil? :-) Can't wait to see them in Grand Rapids, Michigan!
Sorry, I never saw this...learning to tweet, but I ain't got wings. Why do you think the secession thesis is dying out?
um what? you are living in a glen beck vaccum
am I gonna see u at warped tour
Avoid using words to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love.
Everyone download draw something and draw something for me
@ my office woopwooop
Hey Nick! I'm posting this so I can find your page to follow you because it won't show up in search. Hope this is right. O_o
Nice to meet you! Would love to be in touch re: edu activities that tie astronomy + art via Twitter. See
RT : All Purple Cafe's have a special Mother's Day Brunch Menu, Lot 3 is rolling out new Brunch Menu & Barrio: $6 Cocktails
Pizza rolls >
great job! You looked beautiful and have a wonderful personality to go with it. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Creating library advocates is all about energizing & engaging stakeholders. Impress those who matter & show value.
I feel you, bro. I miss Rich. And I'm on the phone with her right now, she said he still is/:
Sleeping good tonight for sure >>
Monday morning LIVE Greyhound Racing (all times ET): Bluffs Run 5pm, Daytona Beach 7:25pm cont.
Funny & believable! Lmao RT : My lawn looks better than the Marlins outfield grass.
AccuWeather on my Amazon Kindle Fire showed an advent for the B&N Nook Android app.
If had attended Mitt Romney's prep school, I wonder how Romney would have treated this kid, so different from all the others?
I have legit questions that need answers.. Exactly HOW LONG will MONCHELE be in NY for?? Will Cory go home? Will Lea stay for a bit? SIGH.
. Onwards and upwards!
Now "Candide" ventures into cannibalism. What's a vegan to do?
she said tastefully done. Broom bristles are anything but. Lol
It's late
$XOMA down 76% YTD. When will they turn it around?
Still takin shots to the yankees win...could be a long night
I love it how I think theres no way u could be a bigger douchebag, then u go ahead & prove me wrong. Way to keep surprising me!!
nighty night tweety-fulls <U+2764>.<U+2764> gotta catch some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> and <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>before i go to sleep. It might <U+2614> tomorrow
Yes, you should learn German.
I hate when kids talk about "MJ the best" and all of that like they were in front of the TV in the 80s watching him. Nigga please!
Well I hope you had a little time for play... less work. :o)
flowers in the lobby looked great this morning! Are you taking appointments yet?
Gonna take a nap! See Yahh!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
it's about damn time.
Taking Adi the wonder pup to #EasternMarketDC. She's so excited! Wag wag wiggle yip woof!!
Congrats Jean! Great school and town.
Guys don't forget this Friday night.Pastor will be with us at Life Culture. Come in and support this great man of vision
click click pow
Go Giants!!! Super Bowl Champs!!!!
Excited for to rock the Bluebird tonight
yay! Haha when she says 'oh well' at like the perfect time >
Grasshopper Point Tomorrow for Labor day!!! I need me a Fun-Day Monday ;-&#41;
Learn how to meditate and do it daily, do out enough and you transcend all. RT : I'm trying to modify the part of my life that...
"With e-books, you have no idea what anyone is reading. This is an incalculable loss, not just to fleeting crushes but to civilization."
In honor of her 90th birthday next week: On how many sitcoms did Betty White reprise her most famous role? Name the role and the sitcoms.
The End of Business As Usual: An interview with Brian Solis
Reheating Pasties so I can print up "Reheating Instructions" for market customers......I love my job.
"Christ was a chronometer." -- Herman Melville --
I certainly did.
Rumor of an Art Bus for ArtWalk 2011!! How cool is that!?!
I would reduce the Majority Leader's salary to $0 if he or she failed to bring a budget resolution to the floor by April 15.
And not even then...
Just saw a man with a NECK TATTOO AND TEAR DROP TAT. Yup. Sketchy as hell. Double not trusting him.
I'm going to be an arrogant bitch and say you should feel blessed at my presence
SD Pride Community adisry council formation mtg at ctr well attendd lots of discourse
Calhoun returns, UConn rips DePaul Connecticut's start to the 2012 Big East tournament looked a lot like the way the Huskies began last y
lol we're too fast for that.
Interesting article-thanks for sharing.
Marmol take? I can't really see Dollis running away with the job.
Heading to NY for the weekend. I hope the #blackjack playing masses in #vegas can make due without me. :)
Thank you to for the RT's!
very sad :(
Dog park or regular park? Not that it matters, folks need to control their dogs.
I never said she's not talented. But her music style is so bring and lame her lyrics are so self-pitying and morbid and to
Reality is when you realize what you are doing, whether you accept reality is a whole different subject... We know both side!!
Life is truly a gift that continues to give, most of the gifts are awesome while others aren't.... Keep that in mind and ENJOY YOUR LIFE!!!!
same here -- didn't receive any of the money i applied for. no for me either.
You get Wat u pay for -EyeCatchinMedia
heyy austin just wanted to say dat ur amazinging.nd ill always be there for you:) till the end.
It's Bacon Monday at Memphis Minnie's BBQ Joint - Try our house cured and smoked maple candied pork belly. Let us know what you think !
Hurry down to #VisionExpo booth MS 6713, we'll be giving away an iPac Handheld Pachymeter shortly...
hoe i aint even said i was gonna do sumthin so get the fuck on
Its Hump Day people... Who's getting humped today??<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I'm at a talk re: accepting fallibility in our heroes. RT : Ann Coulter is the shining light of truth logic & reason buy her books
too many people try way too hard
I've run an x-ray photo of that on my blog. We've all been there.
Teens, join us tomorrow for a performance by Triple G! & it's crochet night! 311 S. Madison, 7-11pm. Did we mention it's FREE?!
oh. Yes! Who had that cupcake?
mad i just did this resume and cant log on to the application
me too - but not for another 10 hrs. Enjpy the weekend Ray!
caught a kid staring at me and his face shot red
PRISON BREAK!!! WHOOP WHOOP
I'm still a little sad that Trey Gunn left. But that's okay. I'm a Tony Levin fan. :-)
Magic'a StanVan and Pacers' Vogel are certainly a study of contrasts when it comes to coaching.
WOW! Over 35,000 Views of Tonight's Single Chef Show!!! Thanks for the support...MATT Reruns on NOW www.theroomlive.com
it's right up your alley. you can pin pix and videos in collections. perfect for a visual person.
Great to see you here!
I couldn't imagine, so many other productive things that money could of been thrown at.
Theatre run was good. Trial and Error. Ironing out the kinks, getting lighting together. Friday will be IT!
Wow April webinar on Creating iGoogle Gadgets sold out already!!?
congrats on getting into southeast showcase at the U!!!
The fact that my butt is so big <
We are in the homestretch!!
RT : Still in one piece after the party bus last night! That shit was epic! Shout out to escobedo party bus !
And I'm serious about that sports show, feel free to come out for it. I can't wait to buy baseball cards and more! Cc:
Iknow! And that's when he had his braces so I can't wait to see him in person without them!(:
One out of three employees who received a promotion use a coffee mug with the company logo on it.
follow for follow? x
"Im sorry I broke one of your 'rules'."// "You pee'd in my sink, isnt that against everyones rules?!"
Going to be needing new headshots soon. Actors/Agents: Who's your go-to photographer for the best shots in town?
Yay thanks!! Btw your mix tap is so sick!!!!!
First time I put my hands in #CoreAudio. Really powerful! Amazing everything that is possible to do with some peaces of code.
Upgraded the Corporate Tower by reaching level 10 in either the Business or Journalism careers in The Sims 3 for PlayStation®3
Sorry it has come down to that, we do realize it is always about us though.
I can't get over how amazing it is that proceeds from #TurnToYou are going to single moms. Justin is so giving. love him! <U+2665>
YES C:
What about the girl who ran? She ran so far.. She tripped and fell and broke her heart and now the only thing she does well is fall apart
Good defense against the run, good against the screen, good against the long ball, but we are vulnerable across the middle.
like i said the heat ain't for nun
Frustrating when i know they arent sincere..
Not today mann, not today.
Sometimes I don't know if I should take a person seriously or just burst out laughing and walk away. And that happens often.
ALWAYS PUBLISH YOUR MUSIC. Publishing is where a lot of the money is in the music industry.
haroses made/rents already ignoring me/off to Chinese 4 dinner/ah Passover!
You were at our Leroy broadcast?
something's burning!
ALMOST is b-day wat should i get her
Love the Proverb! Thanks you!
we all know that, food is food though.
Good morning, and live music rules!
Remember that Cinco de Mayo is an important celebration for mexicans everywhere except almost all of Mexico.
One sister is #vegan, they other is #vegetarian. Where do I take them for dinner? I'm struggling to find places.
Strong girl looking for these guys as much, which you can be finally weak
in tired :(
Hope you're keeping the boys in line at YooTheme! ha! Plz message me Sascha's email, I have a quick question for him. Thx
In order to get ahead of everyone else, you must start before everyone else
Good to hear someone difinitively say that picnic with the pops will be at Cols Commons this summer.
Thank you for the great interview and experience ...Hugs:)
Heading back to San Francisco in just 5 weeks. Time is zipping by so quickly!
I had an amazing stunt training session with the Philly Stunt Crew guys last night... These guys are insane to watch in action!!! Love 'em!!
Has not spoken to JoePa since firing but sent him a note this morning
Returning from Berkeley and Pacific Film Archive where UCLA's restoration of RUTHLESS was screened for an enthusiastic audience.
If you smoke hooka
Posting on FB & Twitter, north, south, east, west, across the pond and down under...WE WILL NOT LET YOU DOWN!! GO DD GO!!
The only thing I know how to do is move forward. When you get to that point hard times really arent that hard
woke up hype
so excited!!! Are we going to he in NY or LA this season? We all know west is best.
When you choose to live a life of LOVE, the world around you begins to change.
Hands On The Wheel #Freestyle boutta drop soon
IB nick or jason
Great piece!!
cannot DM because you do not follow me
3 wins and a close second lol
Braun just got annoyed that the centerfield screen was showing the broadcast - hence him. He made them turn it off.
#20factsaboutme I have the best friends in the whole world
your lips taste like heaven, so why should i stop?
turns out not to be true! Had all the trappings from behind but failed everything in the front
Excellent lecture by Tim Pauketat this morning, very interesting stuff about Cahokian religion and sacred landscapes
how can I help? DM me details
woof how 'bout that snow in Chicago? hope everyone stayed out of the slush today! it's 2012 and we've got some exciting stuff goin' on.
Cora is too much to handle ! Lol
Suck it cards!
Thankyou, I'm worried.. I mean she was like my sister..I'm kind of afraid to go to the funeral :/
i would consider that a cool weekend
After three innings in the World Series quarterfinals, Southern Virginia leads Spalding University 2-0. Golden Eagles still hitless.
Incredibly ignorant & stupid thing 2 say. Ward Connerly must B proud of U today! Shows $$$ doesn't cure stupidity!
I cant tweet when im mad... I dont want to say shit in the moment.
Which Art Alive night are you going? I'll be there on Friday
Damn auto correct Jane
“: haha. I did it on purpose. :)” yeah wasn't sure if it was on purpose or not.. Wonder how many people caught it..
A man with a good character enjoys the power of self.
Good morning tweeps
got invites? hook me up!
I hope! I drove thru Madison today. Counted maybe 300 people with Kloppenberg signs. Not a single Prosser. Kinda funny.
Looking for something to do tomorrow? Hit the Metuchen Library Annual Book Sale Oct 15 9AM on the Library lawn 480 Middlesex Ave Metuchen
This is the first time this season I felt like #TeamBlake could take the show! Brava, Jermaine, brava!
waiting with baited breath :)
no i know. i was just asking lol.
& they sweet !!
What was your favorite promotion we did recently? We'll duplicate it just for YOU!
he was my gangster friend, who always had my back, told me he'll fuck up a nigga if they screw me over :o buut he moved.
I vote beard
Amen RT Before you diagnose yourself with depression or low self esteem 1st make sure you're not in fact surrounded by Aholes
and i freakin love janice she knows how to make me feel better<3 lol she had me laughing today
#terrible. you should probably watch it right...now.
#whatifindattractive a guy who knows how to surf with a nice body
Going to go for a jog. The temp is warming to 26 out there so it's not quite winter yet. Just a dash of snow on the ground.
Threshold (NASDAQ: THLD) announced that Dr. Barry Selick, CEO, is scheduled to present at the 2011 Oppenheimer Healthcare Conference in NYC
HI CHER AND NIALL! How are you both!?
Giving myself a mani/pedi while designing new workshop curriculum. Doing something else helps to inspire my creativity by clearing my mind.
Eastern final.... Heat vs Celtics...Western final OKC vs. Spurs....NBA final Heat vs. OKC ....
Time is running out! Less than 12 hours left before online registration for #NAFSA12 closes.
#Randomthought opened the door for you how can you be so disrespectful?
You might be a groupie lol RT I have the Lakers tatted if you didn't know!
yes definitely!
undocumented fritz. No evidence lol
Hopefully my breakfast will get me up and movin..
One word text show you who doesn't like you
again, what does Cirque du Soleil have to do with movies & #Oscars? WE WANT MUPPETS!!!
Say 'beer can' with a British accent. I just taught u how 2 say "bacon" with a Jamaican accent. You're welcome!!
I'm about to head out to Wet 'N Wild. And it's exactly what it sounds like. A waterpark. Perverts..
It's all happening! Concert day is here!! And we decided to just start calling his Hanson-con. Because that's basically what it is.
YES YES A THOUSAND TIMES YES
I think the networks have a big part in that too.
Ugh, OT. Now we will miss the whole first quarter of Lakers / Heat.
Get out the barf bags
Don't fall in love she's a beauty. She's one in a million girls, one in a million girls.. Thank you 1st Wave..
So if Chip Kelly goes to TB, can we count on him drafting LaMichael James and Darron Thomas?
I've moved and I'm almost done unpacking.
Boyfriend in 3 days !(:
haha! So true!
Packer Hall of Fame. Roam lot before game. Eat a brat. Have great time. RT --> Don't miss Stadium View tonite!!
Getting ready to Jason aldean >>
It's krazy kobe nem take a L and some how lebron is the topic Haha smh
down is bad news. I always suspect it is my fault.
Oh how I love So easy!
yes it was so good kept me guessing who was the dirty cop, but I knew it was the one it was.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning *I really want some Ice Cream right now*
I'm using #IA2011 to tweet from Saltmarsh's session.
Oh nevermind... Y'all are already following us!! Bahaha thanks for the follow!!
Sirk or Wilder, sounds like a plan.
#someoneiwanttomeet all over again (:
juxtaposition of the altmetric/decoupled journal guy with the speaker from Thomson Reuters = #datacite program committee win
It makes me really happy to see come together. Did today even happen, it was such a blur.
Leading when you are not THE leader. Get the keys in my latest article at www.mikehensley.org
Seriously thinking about this #EatingClean lifestyle.
8th grade holds all the best
Dominic's giving away tickets to see Corsair at the on 4/21 today during his show (ends at 4pm). tune in at 91.1 fm!
Wonder if I'll be the only #vegan at the #sxsw panel
90's music >
“: OMG! Mr. Feeny is on Grey's Anatomy!”
Beautiful day in Cali;)
We got dragged through a system and got burned by crooked lawyers, and the list goes on and on.
can you make the Boyz do their SWEETEST FACIAL EXPRESSION?^.^ please???
Hotel California- Eagles
I worked in journalism for a short while so the media never surprises me :) Headline's last goal is to convey the fact/truth.
No. And you're not following me back so I can't respond privately
U didn't have to cut me out. I don't even need your love, you treat me like a stranger, and now you're just somebody that I used to know.
…Also: If MSFT owns the streaming rights for MGM movies, then they could drive other studios to lower prices for Netflix, Vudu, etc.
please get back up now! I need to run end of year reports.
Accountability is something that is left when responsibility has been subtracted. -- Pasi Sahlberg, Dir. of Finland's Ministry of Education
Man leaves #occupyportland after mayor oks camp out. "it ruined the march, and has nothing to do with me wanting to sleep in my own bed."
LitFuse - We just coined a new term at LitFuse - "Poop Fairy"... as in, James is sick he looks like a Poop Fairy.
Lmao. Unncessary ass debate RT : Now the weight a woman 'should' be debate. Yea. You dudes is gay.
pretty freaking fantastic!!!!! <3 Working my way up to getting a Valentine:)
Im sorry to all Sabres fans tonight. 1st time in while I just thought they had no chance. Were down 3-0 early, was pissed. Amazing comeback!
I just saw that Draw Something punked us. They didn't give you the right letters! WTF!
Time 2 start picking out the records. Bottle of #Hennessy would be awesome right now. #RecordPartyAtMyHouse #WhereYouAt?
I'm happy I can take my mom and grandma out and treat them to the movies. It's not anything big but it's a start.
Just saw our promo during the Oscars! Highlight of the night.
Finally : Mark Pickerel, Kaylee Cole & Kevin Large, Bryan John Appleby, Lucky Lawrence, Roy Kay, Kim Field & Lisa Theobold
i wasn't talking about that ! I was talking about the ones before !
Truth! RT : The only thing that MIGHT make me feel better today is the hope of watching #SDSU get killed by
welcome back to #Miami! How long are you planning on staying in town?
I've been on my couch sleeping like all day...GOOD
I can't wait for the concert tomorrow!!!! Hopefully it's something I will always remember :)
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE I LOOOVEEEEEE YOU CODYYYYY!!!!!!!! meeting you was the best day of my LIFE!!
Teacher : " DO YOU WANT TO SPEND LUNCH IN MY CLASS?!?!?!" .. Students: "Are you asking me out?O_O""
love this! Not quite the formula we are using but I see room for improvement now :)
gap band (you dropped a bomb on me)
What happens when you mix a very white lab, a skunk & tomato juice? You get a "pinkalicious pooch"! Poor old fella how embarrassing
sorry, but what tennis? Not sure what you mean.
Getting people to follow instructions ... Its the bane of a managers existence
3953 florida st Apt I, san diego, ca 92104
lol #STL is hotter than #Jaipur right now. okay, so it's midnight there and noon here, but still... #STL is burning up.
RT Kobe walks in AAC, sees Jason Kidd and says, "J, where's your cane, man?"> attached to the broom we swept them with.
Sunday's would be way better if Monday didn't follow.
Just talked to Joe and is almost fully dilated so she should be going into labor soon!
#betoorourke explains the need to respect Mexican national shoppers wanting to come into our community and our stores.
My iPhone and the radio are playing the same song!
To the club now
I'm starting to like this unfollowing shit though....plenty more to go I just shouldn't be following more then are following me period.
Congrats to on his Commodores win!
Watched the One Tree Hill Finale today...is this real??? It can't be.
RT : God does not need me. -R.C. Sproul
baby come back! You can blame it all on me! C:
How is the weather where everyone else is? You can only imagine what it is here.
Great! Going to be a really good project.
Interview went swimmingly!
Naked Lunch in my pants
Dayum faith long time no tweet on this twitter
Forgot my mug today which made my coffee twice as expensive then normal :(
or get a tattoo lol
Will do!
Our donation jug had two dollars in it! I know where one came from (thank you, my dear friend!), but who dropped the second??
Responded to VACATE @ 7 Roff Street, Staten Island, NY 10304 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
RT : The Oregon State Fair begins next week! What's your favorite part of the fair?
I love it when you tweet!!
Busy days can only mean that everything is going the right direction
That's it... I'm gonna have to buy some of your delish lip balms ASAP! Your tweets are making my mouth water!
#LilWayneSongsILove President Carter
This is a bit out of character, but I would do unspeakable things for a PBR right now.
Why the fuck do I have to watch my mouth when you can't even go a fucking day without swearing!? #pissed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
S/O to my lil sis for being able to record a song for the new twilight movie soundtrack.
Yep. I'm going back to the C-J. I'm going to cover Oldham County.
I made it for the first time last year. Fun. Good luck!
Switch to the Chicago tab on www.crowdclick.com to get the Brumder Mansion at 50% off!
10 Orin Swift Palermo. #Napa #Cabernet as only Mr Phinney makes it. Very forward. Big dark berry nose, huge flavor, developing. 91 pts
Good stuff! I like.
Let's go let's go let's go!!
Spending the weekend at the farm... I'm trying to escape everything :(
Hooray from all of us - now hurry back you have work to do!
read about 'spreadable media' RT UCLA Mediascape: Speculations on Virtual + Viral Witness to Human Rights Crises
Have you ever divided your can of soup into 2.5 servings? Watch out for serving sizes in nutrition labels to count your calories correctly!
so what did you think?
hahaha one day you'll get it. like what can she do you skipped one class to do work?
In May, EU is hosting a workshop on tools for management of legislative content, particular to XML.
im back bitch
Let's go get some food bro
omg ong omg omg im glad u read it and thanks for following me.
:/ . Hold it together !
“: I'm not totally opposed to Jmm-Morales but what about Danny Garcia??? #Justsaying”
I'm reading a physical newspaper. Like, printed on paper. Just thought you should know.
Visitors to Miller Park can get their photo w/a life size cutout of sayin'
and by work you mean serf porn and masturbate right? right
FFOR EATING A DAMN COOKIE
Congrats, Beverly awesome NEWS!
Gary Pruitt leaving McClatchy to run AP is headline
Having a truly beautiful Sunday in New York. Feeling very blessed and filled with gratitude!!
Yo loving the #SWAG on tha #BLOG youguys #OWN !!!!
Great catching up with you and ! Such a great meeting, wasn't it? More soon on #compdb!
When the pain of adding to a giant message board thread is lower than the pain of not, you add to the giant thread. Next, drink a beer.
lol No! i want you to kno this !
From "Baby" to "Boyfriend" <3 From #NeverSayNever To #Believe <3 has changed so much I will always be a True #Belieber <3
Pregaming Boston means exotic kale and fruits. #grownup (oh and wine)
has a cat. Cassidy I need all the hairballs so I can sell them on etsy as organic keychains
“: "that's horse shit" , "he has lots of balls". This is what I hear at work ...” Lmfaoo Brian!!
Just made some really good juice/ice tea! :D
Me and 2 beers. ;)
Yes indeed. Please feel free to DM me so we can get in touch.
Watching Crash Course videos like a boss to review for APWH.
guy who sold it to me told me wrong. I've a new phone, but you pretty much can't do anything on it. Since the data plan is so low!
ha we have a hound who likes schedules, he starts.whinning and howling around 6:30. I feel ur pain :)
So desperate for news, having to settle for #CNN because #MSNBC is running prison shows. Like getting instant instead of brewed.
That moment when you go out with some friends and forget your wallet at the house
"Hanging out on our couch helps"...
Alright come on Dolis.
Working late. The world of Manhattan real estate is picking up the pace. Deals being done - multiple offers everywhere!
Great day at CG! Drop In & Crafting, Glass Fusing and a craft party!
haha right ? Where's josh at? Lol.
It's all or nothing
Okay so I followed every1 who follows me and fuccck ya unfollowers (: unfollowed all of you too <3 lol.
Amen to that! RT A new season awaits you. New beginnings. New opportunities. New levels. This is your time.
Watching another trial. Shame on the state for prosecuting peaceful citizens for exercising their rights under the First.
Band practice tonight. YAY!
“: forced recycling with she hates the planet but loves diet coke. "#granola cruncher. Crunching cans =dirty
RT : Ron Artest will be suspended before the 3rd quarter in Game 2.
I see u all over my news feed or twitter feed or wateva its called lol calmm downn
We are the gunners!!!The Best the world has ever Seen...
Please don't riot. We have midterms to think about.
lol I'm just kidding, I just got a little frustrated lol
#America is a weird country.
Don't deny yourself what you
#EDM PLAYGROUND BACK ON AIR w/ @ DJ_KRYS1S SPECIAL GUEST DJS TONIGHT TUNE IN RIGHT NOW! www.xradio.biz HOUSE
how are you??? you did incredible on the Kids Choice Awards!!! you are such an inspiration to me <3 have a nice day =)
Of course! And you should totally get a dog.
Ryan Dempster dinged for missing the anthem this year, they weren't playing O' Canada were they???
yeah he FINALLY got out of the hospital after being in there for 9 days! So glad. Thanks! :) <3
Oh but then you gotta come to Sweden! ;)<3
Quick stop in Compton
EVEN IF YOU WERE BROKE MY LOVE DON'T COST A THING. lmfao ugh.
aww I'm sorry girl:( so why don't you have your license?
finale right now!! Curious to see how all this ends!
Good morning World!!! Just Woke Up Feelin Good Ready To Get This Money!!
Eye infections are just freakin awesome...
at least you're proactively scheduling your laziness. Mine shows up unannounced when I have tons of crap to do.
Tina Fey or Kristen Schaal as the workers' cult leader.
Cigars here I come. Yall been waiting 20 minutes to long! Lol
I don't have. Your number bro bro
do tell
can i get a #follow back please
With the
heaven knows how to put a proper price on its goods.
And a big happy b-day to my wonderful brother, Bri. here's to another 40 filled with vim & vigor.
Can You Follow me please? Thanks, I Love You<U+2665> I'm proud of be Directioner *-*
favorite actor i've ever worked with: Gina Torres. Such a sweetheart.
no we can't
Want to have your voice heard? Rabbits Black is accepting guest show reviews all next week. Going to a show? Get it published! DM us 4 info.
I luv ya Pamela!
I just gave hannah a bunch of #'s (;
See, the knowledge is in the books!! Documentaries are like books but without all the reading and research.
I'm no Jezebel; I have no eunuchs.
Sisters big 18th birthday
I have a .NET windows app I want to authorize to a web apps SQL db. Is web service way to go here?
lol Crystal u way late
Hey there, I'm also an author and live in Chicago, I write on the paranormal with some spiritual bits-I'd love to meet sometime!
The release date for our album "Vultures" is January 24th 2012! Just set it today, everyone get ready for a crazy new years!
Lets see if the knicks can break the 70 point barrier tonite
Bah humbug to the USPS for being lazy asses and not delivering mail to my house yesterday
He's contrarian. It's what he does. I also think he's speaking to a larger group of fans-we definitely have whiners.
Happy to be back in Alaska... I missed it more than I thought.
the way shook the shit out of and started wilding out LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bet! I heard at #140Cuse and I'm sure the panel setting will be even better. Good luck!
UMM. Do you see what she does to us? a hug doesnt help us right now.
it's Dlist celeb couples on Vh1. Like Hulk Hogan's ex. I'm all in.
My Beloved grows right out of my own heart, how much more union can there be.-Rumi cc: (thought you would like this too!)
Never have more children than you have car windows
I seen nothing :O. You're not at school?
Its not very hard to NOT get blocked from goldie. Very simple.. Don't ask dumb questions.
Trying to watch game from MN but blacked out here.. guess we're try to stream it
Briere? He is really good for nothing except dumb penalties. What the hell is wrong with him?
Breaking: one dead after shooting in Pickaway County. Investigators on scene. Shooter still on loose.
Hope you haven't forgotten about #Pink&Purple ! You can get #KnowHowToDance & #UhOhh on #iTunes now
Show some love to great thing ahead!
Handling my life is challenging these days.
i don't know about love me...but strong like is a high possibility
Obama may not be the perfect president, but he's better than the "alternative" (Romney). Mitt would be an even worse puppet than GW!
Dont try to play me on the internet i will shove u in a locker dude.
Nice ;-) RT : Having my own Ferris Bueller's Day Off today. Slept in. Cranked stereo. Sang in the shower. Now off to hit the town.
#sosea livestream begins at 7pm PDT i.e. Pacific. Been nice, if confusing to begin summer time in March
I hope im lucky enough to get followed by you<3
People just don't get life. Neither do businesses...
The #Buckeyes are on to the Elite 8 after their 81-66 win against Cincy. #1 Syracuse is up next. O-H !!!
Tomorrow's a jam packed day full of Bowl games, keep an eye out for chances to win free Scorzies!
That 2 o'clock feeling .... RT : I seriously feel like my brain doesn't power up until I get coffee. Anyone else?
Go n-eírí an bóthar leat - May the road rise with you. Happy St. Pats Day!
haha just lol'd in class, yeah #emoticon check it out I'm obsessed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Have you had a chance to go outside and enjoy the weather today? =)
We created our New Years card today!!! 2012 get ready for the Sashes and Crowns girls! Go Team!
Is that teenage white boy really sagging his PAJAMA pants? And what is he doing with 8 jars of Goober Grape?
Great day to run it's 68 degrees
You can come back later and add to the GDoc we are using tonight.
so, umm..there's a twitter account for your penis, just thought you might want to know.
Are y'all at the Library?
listening to "The Adventures of Sam Spade", eating lamb shank, mashed potatoes, and mashed parsnips == best lunch ever
while #installation is based in LA we are curious to lean more about the #photographers in your roster. Cheers!
Finally done with class.. time to go home and do a crazy amount of homework
Dermal fillers are simple injections and have a minimum down time.
I would argue that this is already the case in many cities!
#LMSunSIG dartmouth may keep Bb, may switch, but is dependent on faculty
Rate the following: Great White, Rasp Brown, DT Brown, JW red with Coors Light Chaser, Guiness while in the land o' the Irish
: she's precious
miss u guys. sometimes lurk ako pero hectic!!
I'm sorry to those who may have been looking for an opportunity to do some TV work but I've decided to stay true: I'm doing films only.
"Jeb Bush on Zim"....wow, when Fredo chimes in on the side of justice you know it's an obvious, bad situation. Geez...
Hop back up as I start to slide...
Yea, that's what happens when I gave my true opinion of her to my bf, then he tells her everything. He asked for it.
Happy Anniversary to and !! Also, happy birthday to the lady!
HI-LARIOUS AND SO TRUE RT : You read The Hunger Games before everyone else? Aren't you a Hunger Games hipster.
overtime rules
Thank you much! I'll drop you a line when it comes through.
Game 6 in Boston #Celtics vs
Glad you enjoyed the show. So....how do we compare?
Old lady working at McDonalds? I'm youthful and still don't have a job.
Well, I think they'll be headed to the golf course tomorrow. The curse of being a #Capitals fan.
Cricket: Australian quicks excite Arthur
freaking brilliant game brother
YeS ... im not taking my shirt off
which one? bueller?
Blink-182 on Saturday, but the jury's out on that for now. How was the Blind Melon show?
Hi Pam! So glad the blog helped you. Let's chat. Email me.
just spit my drink everywhere LOL
i like the jump, kinda an equalizer
Get up, Kettle bell clean, barbell clean & press, bent over barbell row, medicine ball push up, single leg dead lift,
loved skypeing for 2 hours today. I miss you so much!
I've also taken to screaming every time our poor Guinea pig moves because I think it's the mouse. Yet the g.pig is the larger rodent.
speaking of videos.....
Tomorrow is customer appreciation day at The Blind Man. We will be celebrating with live radio remotes, free food & more. TheBlindManNM.com
When doesn't tweet, I think the poor wench has died.
#GYLO = uncapitalized startup trying to be the next Knewton. Not clear what their value add is or competitive advantage.
For the most part, it is generally agreed that any person over the age of 16 should have an identification card
I can blow $700 on a pair of shoes. That's really not a lot.
Search terms that brought people to ThePublicProfessr website: 14th century cartoons; campaign against president hoover cartoon; old tv sets
Success it's within your grasp reachout and grab it. Perfect motto for
I don't think anyone understands my obsession with pork egg rolls like theyre just way too good
I was just bout to wash the car but it bout to rain
DJ forgot the records
Up in the gym just working on my fitness
when is ya r&r?
What way? Ppd?
totally in!
I vote for.. Keep up the hustle breh..
when do you get out ??
Happy President's Day! Happy hour starts at 4pm! $3 house wine, $3 rail drinks, $3 select drafts until 7pm!
We're celebrating Library Week by celebrating librarians at the PSLA conference on 4/12!
thanks again for all of your help! We are learning learning learning!
I got a big weekend coming up! Check out my schedule on my page & come on thru for it all!!!
I have that CD. Somehow.
If has people smoking pot around children I think A call to child services is necessary.
#GoodLifeSaturdays @ Club Saga be there!! Grown & Sexy!!
You know you're skilled when you get 11,00 tickets and still have two bags full of them.. :)
What a waste of 10 bucks. I shouldn't have spent that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
How many feeds do you people have? I checked DispatchAlerts.
I don't think he loss steam, Dave. The #Rays made him get it up. #Unearnies. Real #patient ABs late.
hey Brian. Thanks man. I hope you are doing great man. I had a blast this weekend. Thanks for tweeting :-)
Bye guys love !! see you tomorrow ! :) Love xoxox !
Very sweet performance by and now back to the awards!! Here comes Common and Taraji for best R & B Album
Wow lol butt i still wanna know how i changed b/c i don't think i have changed </3
#AustinTo700K <3 Yes, to :D x
truth, sir, truth.
S/O to her y'all
Come on NJ
RT : loving something is to realize an aspect that it can be lost in the physical, but not in the heart or mind.
What warms you up on a day like today? It's hot tea & honey for me right now -Kristin Burns
And...our van broke down. We are cursed.
What a person does while single shouldn't define who they are in a relationship
Zo! & Sy Smith at DROM, New York City NY | May 3, 2012 NEW YORK STAND UP FOR SY!
lmaoo you'll just have to wait and see
Exciting for all the local followers. Gahanna's Stoneridge plaza SHOULD now be your hotspot for lunch today.Try the 's lunch!
I would see it for Emily Blunt.
Heres another freestyle i did today..
Dating Tip #2: Grab a bucket and wash your car. Ferrari, Mercedes, Hyundai… Your ride is an extension of your personality.
Bella will you please follow me ?? (:
All I got is my truth and fear tactics aren't going to keep me from saying them! All we need is love.
Somebody set a dog on fire in PG.
is robynbanks lol gosh u don't tweet me no more I don't be feeling loved smh
Me, too! If the three car alarms going off simultaneously ever stop! Goodnight all y'all. :-) -->
The Major General of each divisions division will select three men who will value the price of each gun of the departing soldier.
/// GO!!! RT : . sent me a beat yesterday that added 77777HP to my life-bar, instantly.
Snow day today. . .it's crazy out there!
Oh and I left my headphones too so i cant listen to music on my phone #arewethereyet?
are you coming to the house for Greek sing?
Tim tebow baby, all 49ers fan here but i knew when he used to smash my # kentucky wildcats, dude is just a winner! What more can u do ppl
This is right in step with the model privacy work you are doing and even here in Seattle
. aren't part of the #NorthCountyBoB, but seriously check 'em out. Good homegrown hip-hop.
kiss your boss's feet.
Another day in the life of me... I wonder when this long nightmare will end? Hmm...
WAFFLE HAPPY HOUR IS GOING ON NOW! Telling the cashier "Behold the Power of Waffles" and you will get you a discount on all waffles!
got you!!
#BBN prints are now available of my Miller picture, as well as Cal w/trophy and Cal hugging Davis. $17 shipped
Friends turnt to enemies, enemies turnt to friends <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B1>
hey Andrew! (: can you follow me!?
wrong person sorry what is it?
most definitely the piano keys.
Currently playing in my office: Freak Nasty - Da' Dip...awesome.
“: Come on Irene, oh I swear what he means...at this moment - you mean everything”
lol when u have a callous from bars and it rips off when u swing around the bar
DRINKING ENOUGH WATER IN THE WINTER? It raises metabolism, increases energy, reduces appetite. Best drank cold/add lemons/splash of juice
Thanks for the follow back from our newest followers! I look forward to sharing!
So, if you feel a smile begin, don't leave it undetected, let's start an epidemic quick, and get the world infected! ~ Russel H. Conwell
She probably just noticed me sitting here in the dark; the automatic lights go off if you don't move for a while.
would love to have that just getting up feeling instead of that just went to bed feeling.. oh well
Count me in.
oh ok! Thanks:] xo
Can hypnosis help you break the smoking habit? Read a great guest post from Jon Rhodes at www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com.
Quark. I'm sure he'd know all the loopholes.
The unread story is not a story; it is little black marks on wood pulp. The reader, reading it, makes it live…a story.
excellent website - thanks!
Would you consider maybe comming to lubbock for a concert??because i know a lot of mahomies who would go(;
Hello and ! Thanks for following and very pleased to meet you!
same here ... Insomnia sucks
hey send us some cotton candy vendors in left field... We're dying out here!
Yeah, that's probably true.
lol it's ok I'm tried :( I had a lot of work today -.- how are you feeling?
looks like a side pony haha are the curls falling out!?
could be where you are sticking it too - the cheap ones are more picky about how they are sitting
turns out i don't have to get my wisdom teeth until july lol
listening to the news: "recession is over, commodities are up, unemployment is up, dollar is down..." -- something doesn't gel.
And an iphone
I cannot wait for love, but if it's coming as fast as he did well, shit that's two minutes well spent that she spent with him
hey girl hey
Helping others achieve their goals helps you achieve yours.
hellurrrr of course I did!
tomorrow its going to be an unforgetable day
I think I enjoy working bc it keeps a lot off my mind that I rather not think about
Old ways won't open new doors.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
"Quite a glittering assemblance, King Stefan. Royalty, nobility, the gentry, & ...haha how quaint! Even the rabble."-Maleficent
Wondering what I should make for dinner. Probably BBQ chicken, corn on the cobb, and a salad. Maybe blueberry muffins too.
For those realignment junkies like me, has been calling this #ACC situation for a long time. Definitely worth the follow.
twitterrific! :) thanks so much for doing that!! Did he seem mad at me?
no problem, nice post!
Thanks for the Follow Friends! Have a great day!
Hello Amy: Great to talk to you here. Robert
Nobody could ask for a better friend than So good to be reuinted with brochacho after 3 weeks away!
you better be ready!
man.......I so appreciate your work. Much love sir.
In Lusaka they are doing all sorts of business from selling cloths to putting up giants massive infrastructure
Too early man... So tired really dont feel like going to school today
A fruit punch Brisk would be good right now. .
Everyone was Born as an ''Original'', dont Die as a "Copy"
happy birthday<3
did you know?A quarter has 119 grooves around the edge.
trying to start a fire in the hearts of this generation!!!!! but...websites suck.lol
Check out the Z bench! super clever tailgate equipment
Ghost Adventures tonight?
Amazed at how ppl #complian when flight is delayed! If they don't like it walk!
we appreciate you looking out for us
I love spending time with my bf
Halftime dunk contest is about to start.
Watching my favorite show #smash are amaxing! Want to be on this show so bad!
Yeah you can. If He wins 2 more, you can make a real good argument
lol, well you'll never know ! it could happen.. Heck the #Mavs did it... i cried like a big ol' baby...
#FF Fantasy Analysts!
You need to mix in some condensed milk while it's hot! Takes out the bitter
Chiodos > D.R.U.G.S
Make it nasstyy ;)
#MUSICREVIEWS Feeder return to the mainstream with a vengeance in new album Generation Freakshow. Following the Renegades 'experiment', w
Road 2 final pilot: Steve on www.unpwnradio.com tonight, SAT Summer Poolooza! w 7/20 SHOWTIME
simply the truth
Order #TEA from #THE TEA AND JAZZ HOUSE and get a personal #JAZZ cd from us to enjoy with your
Hi Anise, a big fan, Kitty Hawk on EA
Waiting for the dentist to stab and drill me! You'd think with how hot that sounds I'd be excited...
flaherty, on , says european economies are flat, alluding to their arduous environmental review process.
RT I got a 'goodnight' from as we left Miller Park 2night. Only bright spot of my day. Get a W tomorrow, Crew!
Kamloops Blazers, Portland Winterhawks look to renew bitter WHL playoff rivalry
What's up everybody
haha u r really pretty!!!
ESPN News - No. 1 Syracuse (20-1) upset by Notre Dame, 67-58; Murray State only remaining unbeaten team
im am wasting 30 bucks for a one day thing!
I love throwing up at walmart
Someone like you!
Thanks. We like you too!
Congrats to the #BaylorBears on winning the women's #NCAA championship.
I can't wait for the cleaning party that is about to take place on sunday
that's crazy. It's for the best though. Oh the time suck, the glorious, horrible time suck.
so what's the population of porland? Oh, around a million
naw ur to sweet to be mean
Sleeping now goodnight folks
Want to help us out with a Fox59 Face Off? Come on and argue against the gun bill that would let guns in LOS. Msg me!
let's see if it breaks beyond hippie epicenters ;-)
Just had a nightmare... :(
teacher : kat stand up Kat williams : b.tch i am standing up
My former and current places of residence are playing right now. Can't believe I'm saying this, but go NC State!
#youknowurfat when you sweat in the shower
I love you Kaylie!
Don't Change~ Music Soulchild <U+2665>
Hello friends if you are at one of our markets, we would love for you to check-in on Facebook or Yelp! Thank you for the support!
love love love ALL the characters in #downtownabbey. Love the writing in , but I just finished season 3. So convoluted!
I just hallucinated and thought I saw a hot dog on my bedroom floor. Time to get ready for work...the wieners are callin me!
What's that?
you rock. the world should follow you.
Thanks for the RT!
if you looked like a boy.. Maybe
Pop Chips Rule
A Valentine's Day Haiku for via Oh, LaBarbera All of your tweets and traffic They make me tingle
that was a heartbreaking piece of writing. It felt like a punch in the gut, but you nailed it.
The technology that is continually changing has peeked the interest of millions
It's "Heart" time, in honor of my favorite singer: Ann Wilson, Happy birthday!!!.
lol I got game
Which reminds me, just heard & enjoyed yr interview on Marc Maron's WTF. Great condo, really interesting stuff re physical-comedy
Wild day on the turnpilke in Florida from the shooting, sad.
Kitchen is open til midnight. Beautiful ppl! Eat! Drink! Dance! Mingle! !
Pick ANY 1st year starter & go look up 1. stats, 2. wins, 3. playoff success. All three combined makes Tebow Top 5 in last 20yrs
Hi.....u r really hot....i need followers...will u plz follow me...btw i folow u 2...il b glad if a hot grl lyk u follow me
Taking a moment to enjoy the coffee before the storm. Have a great Friday all!
.....& ya'll said kansas was better cause of their talent NO BITCH!!!!! Dont work that way Kentucky BUST THAT ASS!!!!
What he clearly did was pretty bad but he did it as a kid. Not as an adult. The question is did he learn from what happened?
Thank you !
wondering if today will be the day that all 70 public computers are in use at once - and what will happen
then we have to start all over with the amount of likes we get. but in no way am i saying your opinion is wrong.
Last time Vin Scully missed Opening Day was in 1977...#Dodgers went to the World Series that year, BTW.
Privacy-Enhancing principle of #NSTIC includes following Fair Information Privacy Practices and limited attribution sharing
Weiner is stepping down. -New York TImes
Gorgeous night at Olympic Sculpture Park - next Thursday is the last summer salsa night!
You can call it that. But only if you and your family are preapared to deal with paparazzi like cc
The entire week at school I'm going to be thinking about Basketball
Busy week! Among other things, looking fwd to the operas and also #ELEKTRA at Oh, yeah & auditions & planes etc...
Anyone missing the banquet is crazy! This is deliciously adorable!
thank god our savior for life [=
For those running broad st, an oppty to run 4 a cause: Almost $9k in a wk? This is big, Team CcTC! #youvegotthis #25kchallenge -
lol no hope for them now barely had hope with rose
if i had a son he'd look like sean couturier.
I don't think I've ever chugged water that fast..
RT : A bet with my Boss. He says Twitter is a waste of time. He will give 50p per RT I get but I give him £10 if I don't get 10
I can imagine! Our office is in love with our tea kettle.
Thousand ones up in my pocket ima make her dance
OMG! Forever smiling! <3 thank you! How do dogs say thank you?
hows our biggest fan?
Stalberg should be done for the night he's been horrible all series
I am sexy and I know it lol
You are a very sick distrubed animal, I hope law enforcement starts investigating your family cult soon!
#website what is the name of the big photo website that starts with an M?
#MileyWeAreHereForYouAlways through thick & thin & good & bad love you miley.e
I met with VP of WB Casting Tom Burke & his Assitant Richard Parkinson.....Both So Genuine & Authentic!
oMG every1 zayn lykes a foOD LET'S ALL EAT THAT FOOD kaykay
Same to u.
Specials all night!!!!
Lunch time at #CITEconf. Who's hungry for mobile apps? ;) Taptera booth is near the food, come say hi!
There is really no polite way to eat chicken BBQ
Ah, centroids would do the trick. Thanks, will check in about that
is feeling the love tonight. Thanks for posting the show with !
CrossFit on every corner. No one has education or experience, just claims to be an ex-athlete. It is great for my physical therapy practice!
will it help if I dare you?
Because I know she creeps my Twitter, I'd like to wish a Happy Mother's Day to my mom, Beth, was is my biggest fan, editor and influence.
what have you been doing? and I are ab to start insanity soon
nah man I can't lol but I'm trying!
Getting out played by journeymen and re-treads. Aside from Ichiro, not one Mariner position player would start for the Red Sox.
Trying to fit social media into a jam-packed schedule? Stop thinking "more;" start thinking more creatively.
"Lemonfarming" - how to look at failure on route to making lemonade. Brilliant
Only 6 more days with my seniors...
Lyon continues: But even if you can't identify to the point of "being" Trayvon Martin, why do ppl like to say it? Performative question.
Little worried about my stuff getting locked into weird Final Cut X format, though...
What aunts are good for: introducing nephews to Twitter!
why are people so fake
I need several. Will probably stop tomorrow on my way back to #cle!
All I can say is if you disagree with me about something, by all means. Challenge me. I want to hear it. But give me a VALID argument.
I'm so excited about #LeapDay but I have no idea what to do about it.
yeap one moment:)
are they really? But it was so good why would they chang it?
Lillibridge is almost as fast as me on the base paths!
Between this and in playoffs is why I love May! RT : It's heating up here! 12 cars on track right now.
Thank you! I couldn't have done it without your support and encouragement. Love you!!
"How old is your baby?" "36 months." WHY CAN'T YOU JUST SAY 3?!
got hella fans out here in Memphis now that's
Oh meetings, stop getting in the way of my #nats baseball
woww soo you like eminem right:))
About what? lol
I'm still freezing
Hopefully at least some of them emailed you with the understanding that it would take longer to hear back :)
Same here. I look forward to linking with you. “: nice to meet you via ”
Back the last weekend in May... I better be seeing youus
thanking all of my cute followers ;)
SBTB bronchitis explosion.
81 members of 's Class of 2012 are graduating with Latin honors overall.
May 11 is deadline for LA Archaeological Institute of America undergrad fieldwork scholarship apps. Message me for an app if interested.
Can you put my name on the Jumbo Tron tonight?? ;)
Happy New Year 2012
So ready for summer (:
lata Twitter and hope you will follow inlovejnb...
CONGRATS!!!!! RT: 2 Grammy Nominations!!!!! Thanks so much to all of you for your support and love!!! ()
"It has to return for a 2nd season! RT: : Didn't know whether I would, but I'm liking Scandal."
or Reggie Jackson was able to develop faster. Lol
You call yourself my "best friend" ? Right, learn what a friend is. You're terrible at it.
If He doesn't get mad I'm gonna change his name to V-na cause he's a vag now
Late to the party but fuck yeah!!
Go Badgers! Muck Fichigan.
mainly their "friends" and fellow "artists". The guy I know sold his music as a senior in h.s. to impressionable freshmen. Haha.
"Health Warfare" - The concept of interlacing a hazard within a healthy promoting remedy. (Giving Thimerisol - Mercury - in Flu injections)
Ron Artest will go to prison before this series is over
auditions were like day 7 or 8. It all happened so fast but right after you graduate you have to go through the agency
There is no rhyme for silver, but if you climb a hill ver-r-r-y slowly, you can almost make it go. See?
My wife thinks my hairstyle is from the 90's. I think I'm going to let her chop it up.
And I probably should read one, shouldn't I, so I can be in the know...
ABC News is reporting that George #Zimmerman did take a serious beating. I'm guessing Reverend Al's going to gloss over this update.
2,000th hit a dinger. That's why Placido Polanco are two of my cat's middle names.
There's an ex that I would beat the shit out of if I saw him again. The rest of them, totally cool with.
Watching five waiters try to pick the lock of a bathroom door with two butcher knives.
Explosions in the Sky Pandora...there is no better way to have a Friday Night Lights relapse/withdrawl...except maybe John Carter.
Ref should call a foul on the CBS director for taking that high camera angle so much.
crazy since NYPD is cutting 33% from high crime areas in efforts to balance out the numbers in other places
The Hurt Locker" is by far the most effective film yet on the Iraq war.
Export to H.264 native, no encode, and import into prog
hope we learn to use this equipment soon - you should have a martini!
RT : Life is like water. We want to hold it in our hands, But it flows through our fingers. Make everyday count! <U+30C4>
Edit once, twice, a million times! Two proofreads are never enough. Typos, I hate you.
WHAT?!?! We have 1/2 of our group in #Milwaukee already filled with women looking to meet new friends! AWESOME!!!!
Susan Bennett quoting Mark Hanna: "Two things important in politics. First is money and I can't remember the second"
everyone's going!
Great! from my team will be in touch to set something up.
cool! My ma got me this ring years ago. meeting with her team of doc's about her cancer today. Perhaps it'll bring luck
Thanks for the shout out :) Always makes for a good Friday.
Tell her she's beautiful instead of hot. She's a person, not a temperature.
#SmokingWhackyTobacco RT : no 1 n I mean no 1 torches chris paul
My third book should be a go by the end of the month. I am also currently editing a childrens book, and have outlined an epic story.
#MayTheFourth be with you.
lol. Bad look for the pac-12. Anthony Collins ended up way netter than I ever thought he would. I was way off in him.
don't you have diapers to change.
RT Started the day with best cup of coffee ever. delishhhh
War does not determine who is right - only who is left.
Shake that ass on the floor call that shit a ass quake
what time r u umpiring tomorrow
I don't need a declaration by anyone else to know that Rupert Murdoch is unfit to lead. Just look at his newspapers and TV news stations.
Having known him for 12 years, worked with him for 9...that's not always a good idea! :)
A special thank you to for being such a fantastic panelist at the Cyber panel discussion today!
Kicked off my campaign by havin' a gopher stompin' contest @ #Depaul! May have accidentally stomped some students passed out in the gutter..
I'm a big fan of the cheese map!
I know that a FEW passed on this thick, home-cooking, house-cleaning, supportive-of-my-man, sexy siren, & now REGRET it!
Goodnight. Swag. Love you guys.
you know is in Cannes, France right now right?
wow, lots of new followers- i promised if you follow me i will in return follow you.. shout outs coming soon...
I like that ocean breeze wet, wet -- yeah -- I said it!
Thanks Mitch!
when people say to stop trying God says keep going move on have faith! dont let anyone bring u down. NeverSayNever right? :)<3
1) twitter unfollowed you :( but I followed you again 2) snooping on yr personal life: r u going to derby? if so msg/call me
Enzo update coming as soon as I hear from the doc later this morning. :-)
action item is there
nominations open now-12/28 for ArtWorks! Gwinnett's arts awards (categories include artist, arts partnership, & more)
Blue jeans are the most beautiful things since the gondola ~Diana Vreeland
All well, thanks, hope everything is going well at your end! Looks like you're doing some interesting work!
2 separate events in sequence. But hashtag is #NITLE for both.
Go Local is among the people! Come by on Armitage, mention this tweet, and get a #GoLocal card! (Already got one? Give it away!)
Man, they better get a CBA deal done. This is MADNESS!!! Football's my therapy, my medicine! I'm gonna be unstable without it!
I am the happiest when my whole family is together!
Lost my Kindle on an airplane. #Delta wasn't much help, but the customer service at #Amazon was pretty close to spectacular. Very happy.
that's what everyone is saying. Where do we get a summary?
Tim Tebow is going to practice with the vikings this week, to get more confident in his ability
Email not working on #openingday. This must be a sign. If you need us, call! Or walk on over. We'll be by the elephant ears in the park!
Wondering how I should break this bad news to the director
I suck at life today.
most everyone is up, just watching NBA playoffs
I like it when a girl knows what they're talking about shit is rare nowadays.
The day I am able to get relocated to the new apartment I owe you whatever you want from Whataburger. I promise.
Annoyed that PVCC is teaching basic web page design in Front Page 2003; they say they're going to Google Web docs next semester -little late
-.- why am I even following people & they don't even follow back.. hmm easy as that ~le unfollows~ now we're even.
In case you are one of those people I love in Seattle, hit me up. I'm here for the weekend.
guess what i did there.
Mahalo if you follow meh, I ain't talking bout twitter this reality
Hello, Friday! So nice to see you again!
And Onto You As Well...
oh thats funny that you would believe that. Quite funny indeed.
I've been so busy moving out all day I've forgotten to eat
: and that is an important lesson! (were authors usually constructive, or comfortable trolling students as professionals?)
Come see Chance and Necessity at Theatre J tonight at 7:30! A play by #CUA prof. Jon Klein. IT'S FREE!
And if you get in you pay to ship and get yourself there for the shows, etc.
Time to Clean -____-....but its always better when i jam out to <33
yeah... And Poor myspace, all alone... ;)
I've been at tables like that more than once in my life. I can pull the trigger and have.
when can you come to Waco,TX and Selena Gomez is coming to Baylor in Waco,TX YYAYAYYAYAYAY!!!!! :) Hope you see this! RT
Attention Austin liberals! Put down that latte. Looking for a paid internship? of Stanford Campaigns might be looking for you.
Heading to Manhattan with all Levitis clan. Then my vocals preparing for my big day.
If I told you I loved you, would you believe me..........
I love everyone. Well, except Kansas, as per usual.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. Thursday night from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Come in and Visit!
I passed a gas station last night that was $3.69.
I need to focus on myself .
thank u mama
no i putting cali in my future plans
AHAHAHAAHAHA YOUR TOO FUNNY !!!!!!
I think I drank too much cherry coke <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Well I wish OKC would've won but it was still a good game
Life is very mysterious, don't you think?
- That is the EXACT SAME THING that I tell people.
Have a great Friday everyone. Take care this weekend. Don't do drugs!!! If you do, then don't do a lot of them. Peace to the Middle East!
Monday's metadata word use count was only 2. We were installing Archivematica most of class instead.
yes!!! Great to connect here!
Dammit, waitlisted “: Sorry,I live in a lesbian-rich environ+I just cant take anymore right now.Get in line
Its an aday i hope my plan works cuz i wanna go to mb circus
Catching up on last week's episode of V.
Fun friday! Have any great plans for the weekend?
Its sad when they don't accept you for who you are.
If you can give your child only one gift, let it be enthusiasm
Thanks, Lisa! Hope you enjoy. And even if you don't, please leave feedback.
": ": Jazz players considering punching fire extinguishers in the locker room right now" HAHA"
Single doesnt mean Im looking for somebody
NEW SONG IS SO SICK! :]
Thank you so much! I had a great day. If you're a mom, happy mother's day! How have u been? How was the concert?
- Axl being Axl. I suppose if he were still relevant, I'd care. ;)
I have hidden your word in my heart that I might not sin against you. -Psalm 119:11 -- Daily Bible ()
I've been laying here for the past half hour. I need to get up and take advantage of this beautiful morning.
Procrastinator Monday. Who will crawl out of the woodwork today and expet me to be a super-hero CPA? Or better yet, wait until next week!
Confession: I just ate Jack In The Box in the "fitness room" of my parents' building while watching Nick at Night. So much shame.
When people start convos on twitter <<<
#vaforum12 Love to see people excited about their work--Clifford Ambers doing detective-work about VA indigenous grapes.
What a fucking joke.
at least you r not the one that sings from the top of your lungs pretending you're talking on the phone!
Show your love and support like the ski new York page on Facebook.
Why does the doctors office always take so long
I KNOW believe you. Next time "twitpic" RT : I hope sees this~ Go hard in the trails #fitness (via )
Waiting for take off on flight to LAX and thinking that many colleges run like airlines: at capacity and no margins for error
That's a sweet start for inspiration. I just pulled the trigger on a much uglier cx500. No style, just stamina...I'm hoping.
lmfao okay you guys debate it out 750 is no 3D and 820 is 3D you guys decide
At this point I really don't know who would win out of them. I think it would go down to the end and be a controversial finish.
Looking forward to feeding you tonight
Old people are basically like toddlers.
Do not question the Collinsworth. When the man says you need a visual aid, you need a visual aid.
Watching #Emmys and eating a big bag of #funyuns, #goodlife :)
Neevveerrr will I beg like Im crazy for to follow me.. Its a waste of time because he still havent.. prob wont
you did AMAZING tonight! You deserve every minute of it..I am SOO proud of you and the Boyz. <3
Catching up on wknd tv I missed #entourage - waiting for it to cool off before a light jog around
50/50 is a great movie. It is so inspirational.
Thanks for your help today!
But your press releases are always very well crafted narratives portraying Goldsmith as the hero.
Thanks Doug.
Everything in Paris sounds fucking romantic. RT : Its pouring in Paris.
yeah I feel u on that...thats a must...good luck ;)
missing you so much! Je t'aime.
lakers are sucking right now.
Cheeseburgers from the grill French fries baked beans. And brownie sundaes for dessert.
dreams is not a sure, realizng them needs payng dues. Jst dreamng is like roling cloud, nevr leavng a trace behind.
Magazine evolution RT How Magazines Are Adapting to the Mobile Revolution - on.mash.to/mTqswZ
kid I told you,it's Ray Charles to the fullest now jump up on that d*ck and do a full split.
There has been a change of plans in my life
"To give beyond reason, to care beyond hope, to love without limit; to reach, stretch, and dream, in spite of your fears..."
#nw The Big Bang Theory
Tuesday lunch rager with my boy Will from Now off to drop the new issue of !
wow! Huge congrats! The work you guys do is so inspiring!
ahh! I'm Googling all over the place.
RT: : #iprefer substance...so many individuals lack that characteristic"
Purpose Girls Academy launches coaching program for teen girls.Becomea PeerEmpowermentCoach. It's time for our ladies to Look,Learnand Lead.
Happy Birthday - have a great day and can't wait to see you on the pitch!!
back following U
Do you think about me, like I think about you
ina a god mood :) listening to #SaySomethin by - AMAZING <3
Aww, how cute! Happy Mother's Day! :)
At what point would you say someone has a platform? Is it a # of followers, name recognition or something else?
I love that last tweet. <3
Haha I might have to check it out :)
#IslandMusic makes me happy. :)
Overheard on Metro
Just saw a solo that will likely be compared to 's solo. Not quite as intense though.
its #friday :)
Failure is the most important thing in your life because it helps you learn how to do better says
wall street isn't a business, but yes that's the way biz works, more profit means u can expand your business
Nice fake tan Max.
I think even 's choice to use word #evolve makes it easier for others to do the same.
so true. Why can't we get this right? Education is THE most important thing we can do. It will foster job growth, decrease crime…
Excited to (presumably?) meet at Rackspace tomorrow. is the next big thing, you heard it here first!
Did you know that today is the last day to get buy one get one free fresh strawberry shake from 8pm to close!!!
no way josé! i'm only taking two next year!! :)
My best friend's basement. Her dad had a quadraphonic system, listened to Oscar Peterson. His runs blew my mind.
Started a new project at work...I will now be regulating all the temperature and humidity in the galleries and in the historical house
Going to hang out with , Kelly, Clay, Jenna, and Kate. Blue is real excited! (So are Kar and I)
BreAnna you're so pretty. :)
bumping some of that reggae thanks for shout out follow if u looking for a video
I'm the guy in the middle FYI haha. Interviews I feel went well but we will see. Never know. How are you?
Come on in out of the rain, and get in for Happy Hour! $2 Rainiers, $3 Sierra Nevada, $4 Wells, $6 Wine & Bloody Mary, 5-7pm
#ItsAmazingHow much I can't stand you.
Looking forward to seeing Democrats from all over the county tonight at our annual Roosevelt Dinner!
Uhm you are on drugs
Crack kills!!! Lol
Yes! I love what you've created. When will you be in the US?
Someone please teach Maria Sharapova how to make a proper fist.
many thanks for re-tweeting my original tweet to SO many people, daniella, ..SO HONoured. Thank you, honey x
Your parents are awesome! Your dad was blown away! He was so excited to give me his card too. Too cute.
I loved it :) probably one I the best imagine stories I have read :)
If you manufacture quality security products and would like to join the SS&Si team of Manufacturing Partners email
Watching Dumb & Dumber. Realizing my childhood infatuation with is still alive and kickin'!
Sweet, if I do it I will be holding you to that! (Congrats also on the new gig)
Commercials these days are so weird.
Who holds up stagecoaches and steals laptop computers?Click Turpin
awe thanks
That's so awesome! She needs that costume so badly!
So my brother can just come home whenever on school night but I have to be home before 12 on the weekend
try to come to portland if possible!
when i say i love you Forever i know it's a long time but I aswer wouldn't mind spending it with you.
Come see Uncle Jim @ The Man Show in Niles, Ohio
born #original and im better than i ever been!!!!
Why people always gotta fight somebody? That dont resolve anything
RT : Need one more follower to break through 5900<<you're welcome, now where's my targeted tax relief?
Happy- Born Day to our founder, and Director... ME! Jerome Welch, where would we be without you?!?!?!?! LOL! Have a great day people!
the best, most favorite words of any #author anywhere: the end #mustfinishtheBOOK!
Thank You for purchasing tickets to Tomorrow Nights ! It is going to be an awesome time!
I just ate a ridiculous amount of potatoes.
“I love talking about nothing. It is the only thing I know anything about.” – Oscar Wilde
I'm hungry -_-......... so I'm going to the chicken shack lmao
Know anyone with allergies, asthma or joint pain who never seems to get relief from prescription drugs??? Contact me for a natural solution!
So like three weeks of school left? I'm ready for sunny days and late nights.
aww. What kind of dog is that?
Going to church! Goodmorning everyone. :)
Wow, I called it.
All My Life - Jack Rock
lmao every time u work with "this kid" i start cracking up about your tweets hahaha
FOTF commercials? Gross.
Awww,im fine but i have to prepare for my presentation next week. :( Hbu?
me too
After two nights there, I think the Cosmopolitan is officially my favorite hotel!!
cool you gotta take care of urself. Thanx 4 the follow btw. :-)
lol. Understandable. No one here says it.
Well said! RT All Yankee fans that are saying the team is done need to go root for the Muts or the Sawx. GTFOH with that mess
Insurance man out the house today. Leaky roof and water damage. Hope they pay $
mornings & school don't go together. I always have an attitude until lunch. so thats more than half the day.
Joan La Barbara's In solitude this fear is lived @ Playing It UNsafe
Save your praise until after you've heard the whole story..... :)
what if Justin Bieber starred in Twilight instead of the other guy.
I'm sorry your stupid.
Aw, they were shy the whole time though lol
Nice shot of the orchestra!
A book should serve as the ax for the frozen sea within us. Franz Kafka
thank you so much! c: okay, i will.
At until 5 tonite! :) Then off to for drinks & dinner with a friend!!
Dear cheryl, Could u pls stop calling me sara. Thanks.
Weirdos having fun.
dude, it's so much more than just a podcast.
Fell asleep too early and now I'm awake. Stupid daylight savings.
is he a puppet or just a stuffed animal?
Nothing quite like a group email political debate to start the day! Democrats vs Republicans....and we are still great friends! :)
We have to go hard in Cormans. Boy scout this shit.
#np Dire Straits - So Far Away
Gorgeous day at the river for pike formal. Let's see what the night brings.
2 on and nobody out for Prince. Tie it up for the NL please.
Agreed. It almost seems "too perfect" of timing for his detractors...only time will tell
Thanks for the RT!
Cycle tweeps! Best bike route MKE to Chicago? My nephew wants to know. TIA
Up too early this morning... had to be at work early and unfortunately, I have to stay late. Oh well.. I'll get to take the time off l8r
That I don't have arms like Tara on
love is like a fart, if you have to force it, it is probably shit lol
OMG Adam Levin, of Instructions and Hot Pink fame, is signing now at Booth 84!
#thankyoubulls for a great season!
Its notes like these i wana watch the skyline fade away n never look back im over this town
Poker odds are probably more accurate
Looking forward to tomorrow!RT : Spent the morning at Symphony Hall rehearsing with the Boston Pops & Amazing.
I can keep a secret if you can keep me guessing. The flavor of your lips is enough to keep me pressing
If that had been Suh hitting Brady instead of a DB, it'd have been 15 yards. I hate stupid rules.
yes!! asap
lmfao you dumb! It probably would have been even more awkward lmao
I missed it! But that sounds like it would be right up his alley of irrelevance.
Smoking a lil hookah and watching Ghost Hunters, what a lovely yet terrifying evening! I think I may be in love with GH's Kris Williams! lol
then we got plenty in common! I'll have to get you out to a Rapids game soon :)
They don't want it lol RT : Gasol ticks me the sixth letter off
Yeah it's true money don't love nobody... But I love money like I don't love nobody...
is that because your bday is in February??
#KingsIsland40 the grand carousel
RT - Just met a Jaguars fan from Jacksonville. He's been to every home game since the franchise started.
happy camper after a week of hyped up work
maybe you can sleep in the middle tonight?
Need Someone to call :)
The Obama Administration wants us to tattle when something negative is said about them. Seriously??? LOL.
You mean "shirt punch"... right? (please say I'm right)
Awesome! All coming together. #CircusMashimus is looking like the place to be
Oh man, I really hope Mariano can recover and come back next year. They say he's a phenomenal athlete, that's gotta help at least a little.
FREE AVON PRODUCTS To My Orlando Florida Avon Customers only, How would you like to get $10 or $30 of FREE AVON PRODUCTS? Here’s how!
Watching Whitney Houston A Song For You live WHH 1991
& He Said Aww Thanks(: & I Said Seriously Juss Make Me A CD Of Juss You Singin. I Would Listen To It All Day!! He Said Ok I Will(:
": watches grandpa Porn" i love me some wrinkly dicks
well said. truth.
sorry but looking back take min.s off my time ... the trick is to never look back... becouse that is when one begins to loss...
It's my babies Birthday today! She is 6, took her ballons and cake and party gift bags to school today! Way excited!!
#ff great teacher and coach. Check out his showfax column "Casting Corner".
That lawsuit against the Bellaire officers was dismissed 8/... That appeal should be right around the corner I hope...
I want was good for ME. Not was good to me
RT “: But when people say "dont do anything I wouldnt do" how do I know what you would and wouldn't do?”
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
electroacupuncture is particularly helpful in neurologic disease, particularly IVDD *intervertebral disk disease aka "slipped disk".
that about defines my last 3 years here...
then yes....is that better? :p lol
Never be with someone who doesnt bring the best out of u!!
Lol, thank you :)
LOVE it! xoxoxo
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - we are put on this earth to be innovators and creators, not wagon riders.
Be excited. "The minute you do what you really want to do is really a different kind of life." - Buckminster Fuller
Tell that girl what she wanna hear!
“: Figured with CFB over it is time to change the twitter pic!” is that a men's ball??
Looking for a Google Maps developer. Send me an email.
thank you for the #WW!
Processing *tons* of Czech materials from a major estate gift! Interesting stuff and some great additions to our collection.
OK, I'll follow you! :)
lavender moon in old town :)
GRRRR When is Google Voice going to open up for new registrations? :(
Last day at my day job, actor's blessing: flexible, best boss you can dream for, cried at good-byes. Left me with a deep sense of gratitude.
Another injury for Bogut!!! GEE can't count on him EVER
I'm chilling in Macon today.. I hope my mom have a safe trip!!!
I see. The #UN report on #Libya was written by #Iran #NorthKorea #Syria #Cuba #Algeria - All the usual suspects
I'm tired. I say stupid shit when I'm sleepy...
#flipbigclass about to do webinar on flipping classroom with echo360 folks & U of TX Austin.
Hm... Where is Tebow going to go????
Haha your still awake and I'm the ass hole that didn't get in touch with you when I said. Come by for free head shots tomorrow
When giving notification to participants it's appropriate to get ahead of the curve; gives opp to show everything sponsor has done
lol sup my guy
Oh and we did not know each other or anything. We lived in different states and met years alter lol
#YouAreTheReason i can be me and stand up to bullys. you are my idol and i love you very much. :)
as long as you're safe. i'm a worrier.
adsfjkl My face burns OMG
NM I'm BALLIN baby :-). How bout you?!?!
How did #chakrasana go? It's hard, but in #ashtanga if you break it down I think it's approachable for most students.
Please use the orange feedback button on the site. We really want more input from working scholars.
Blessings J new Chunes are in your email Respect Lion!
MT : Libraries are all about access, why should that be just about access to info? What else does your community need?
please be okay sending good vibes.
Happy Birthday Tay Money !!!!
Unbelievable!!! Bob Knight talked about Kentucky!!!
Putting my 9 to 5 clothes in the donation pile.
It's Tuesday and you are tired of your old car. Here at #ParkroseAutoCenterllc we help you update your vehicle. So join us today!
def or perhaps some kind of tainted beef
what happens after ever?
First virus of 2012 has attacked.... I'm so Not excited....gonna slay this virus with weapons from OTC.......
nothing sitting home doing absolutely nothing! I wanted to come over yesterday but I didn't feel like driving
Design: making solutions. Art: making questions. Meada
yeah their whole "friendliest airport" motto is just cover for how bad that airport is
Problems cannot be solved by the same level of thinking that created them. ~Unknown
Hakeem Nicks everyone. Wow.
will be with for this week's "Water Cooler Wednesday" 1/25 Noshing & Networking!
First few seasons were pretty good I thought, compared to most garbage on TV.
Amile Jefferson will announce at 4pm today. Down to NC State, Duke, Kentucky, Ohio State and Villanova. NC State & Duke are the favorites.
com to tally!
“: -- Me too! I miss all of you guys!”...from former News4 producer Tom Duerr in Dallas
Lol, I Guess Homeboy
"What does claustrophobic mean?" "It means he's afraid of Santa Clause." Lmao.
Does min and max width work on images?
Purdon concludes with a discussion of a scene that takes place at Battersea Power Station in Hitchcock's "Sabotage."
Happy Easter & Spring!
Yes, sir.
compl agree which is y I said, it comes in ones own time.
My girlfriend says I'm conceited. I'm not conceited. Conceit is a fault, and I don't have any faults.
When lasalle takes my phone <<<
forget #tomorrow #itsnot promised what are you doing #today??
TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY!!(: im 16<3333
Heard of long-term food storage? 25 year shelf life, great tasting, just-add-water meals like chicken ala king or lazagna. $2/serving & less
Bitches ain't shit and they ain't say nothin. A hundred mothafuckas can't tell me nothin.
This test should be interesting
I'm hungry
Audition tomorrow for a new HBO pilot! Finally going in the right direction :)
genpop here i come
I think we are. RT Are we all lonely on a Saturday night?
Reflective mood today, thinking back to eight years ago, and keeping a positive outlook for the future.
Who's coming out tonight to catch the first game of the Royals/Yankees series?
still in shock by it. Would love to have seen a picture of the teacher
I have to come up with a research Marketing project.
I'm freakishly becoming a domesticated woman. I went to look at plants on my lunchbreak.
If it was up to me I would fire the broncos offensive coordinator. Horrible play calling
No weapon formed against me shall prosper
January is National Celebration of Life month! So eat a piece of cake and enjoy life! Now taking Cake Orders! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Nice to meet you Lynne!
fair enough, you win. OUR BEACH WATER IS CLEAN, BITCHES (the sand is dark, and full of syringe-surprises).
I want pizza for breakfast, lunch and dinner!
Terrible things...mayday parade. Fuck. Worst song to listen to if youre emotional.
Woo WIN!
bru I said its gonna be a #HottSummer, I hope you ready! Every man for his self..
so: Beyonce= Sasha Fierce, Katy Parry= Kathey beth Terry, Me= :)
did you really "plant" your face in a chocolate fountain?
having been to the Ballpark at Arlington several times during the Johnny Oates era, I couldn't agree with you more. Great fans.
Welcome! Check us out : In beautiful San Diego California for the 2012 craft brewers conference, very excited.
15 hour work day...let's see how this goes!! :)
Friday night, going out, yeeeeeeyyyy!
Yes! RT : Volunteering with and Glory from for Popcorn & Pasties! So many tickets & mustaches!
We're Sorry Dylan. love you.<3
Bout to pick up and check out our crib!
": When someone says "all around good guy" in their twitter profile I immediately assume they're a lying liar" agreed.
sure thing(: Sorry i didn't see this earlier haha.
An eye for an eye would make the whole world blind.
Promoting Independent Artists right! Independent Video Channel - IVCTV.NET - for the hottest videos. Record Labels and Artists check us out!
I'm going to bed a happy man :-)
I think all those other things have to come first.
Our packaging for Tropical Punch is almost complete. Just a few minor text and color changes!
NFLPA 'punishment w/o evidence is unfair'. a signed declaration is evidence, isn't it? lol
Bored... seems the database took a crap, so can't work. I would say the DBAs are probably not bored, though.
yay happy cinco to you too ! See ya later ! <3
We will always love you...thank you for giving the world so much with your voice of an angel and now you are one. R.I.P. Whitney Houston
It was a resort in Punta Cana, Dom Rep, I believe it was Barros Star...
I almost got a $2,000 dollar ticket and 180 in Juvenile Detention for sluffing one class today.
Manchester man in wheelchair is victim of theft
here's to the kalin and myles fans who know every word to all their songs.
good!! I havent talked to u in forever
Who do we contact if we have an issue on a car? Email address?
ok on twitter or listening to music idk!
Im always one step ahead of you
yall still recording bro
I love how my grandpa is an ICONiac. We used to watch ABDC together when I would go over to visit. We would always vote for the boyz ((:
Ironic that loves Pokemon... that dude is so against animal violence.
#TrustInGod #Fearless #RadicalForJesus Psalm 25:2 O my God, I trust in thee: let me not be ashamed, let not mine enemies triumph over me.
To one of our greatest Public Servants, thank you for all you have done. Rest in Peace Ted Kennedy
you ain't flying, come on man he showed the rookie in him.
Playing Arkham City. So fucking afflicting.
i'm bored, i'm gonna go to sleep.... i think i just have fun in my dreams. BYE AND GOOD NIGHT TO EVERYONE : )
completely after Ur done throwing, or after each throw? By chance, can you take a pic and point to it with one finger?
Seriously though, congrats on the noms and having Dark Room in the bag. Look forward to it. And give Book #8 hell. ;-)
I freakin miss I haven't kicked it with her in a while.
is delicious
Derek Lowe pitched a GEM!
Unfortunately, is already taken.
Where did you come from baby and oh won't you take me that a away
Everyday's a new day
The coach site is definitely hacked right now.... yikes
Yeah... must have been steroids.
feelin HOT HOT HOT!!!
I love these anchors in Australia!!!!
#TwoThingsThatDontMix Socks and Sandals
burned 250 calories doing 50 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace"
looks like an interesting way to visualize web traffic. Love the
"Nothing" by The Script ; in the chorus at the begging "And my mates are all there trying to calm me down..." I just realized they say mate!
I hear you!
go to sleep, sir! its past your bedtime.
well i dont either & you should stay with me. im going up to my brothers house for my family party..
Um, , Anna Kournikova had zero singles wins on WTA Tour. Won some solid doubles titles w/superstar Martina Hingis.
At Yankees stadium about to give some s**t to any Tigers fans we spot up in here.
. selling me on why Zac Efron is gorgeous. Puke.
Never mind
I'm good , just working the usual ! Exhausted thou
Curt Ellis: Iowa breadbasket communities in many case are food deserts
We can help you, we have a team of structural engineers and work in newcastle
yes of course he even leaves his clone number after he leaves damn he made alot of them!!!
....getting boring but LHH, no ma'am. HANDS OFF!!!! lol
that's my fave! :(
lol I told you yo stop makin out with your dog
I want a.new texting.buddie will,you be my.new.texting Buddie
Good choice...
There's a bunch of accidents this morning. Not giving a shit about people makes it really hard to deal with them all, but we'll do our best.
Has anyone else tried the MiOEnergy water enhancers?
Somebody help ma
The 80's called. Wrong number...
In our time it was rare to find a group of young men working so rapidly to develop themselves.
dont try & flex on me wen u kno damn right id take ya fuckin head off if i seen ya bitch ass in person lol
If you're gunna talk shit, say it to my face, cunt.
The benefits of a professionally installed epoxy garage floor are immeasurable. 480-488-1651
I already have the dvr set to tape it. :)
i want to be in a really bad zombie movie
My parents are going to L.A. And I'm going to school.
we can.
GAME DAY!
Receive 15% off of your next painting project! Just ask me how! W.yourpaint.org
RT Hope u get a chance 2 read this but can u hook me up with a few of Crookeds HHW acapellas? Im only missi...
And your dog scratched my fucking screen.
goin on 59 south so I can look @ 2 cars in the morning ....change coming
They don't see it as a war on women b/c they've been taught that it's God's will that men rule women. Very twisted.
the phone works both ways though...hit em up
Can't wait till Saturday cause I get to see perform at the KCA
“: Nope work...did I tell u im working?? RT : “: Lol u b forgettin about me (cont) http:// No Fake Ass
My house went on the market today. I go on the market tomorrow.
President Obama to hold press conference soon on the death of Osama Bin Laden.
Thanks for the mention Happy Friday!
Got kicked out of parking complex for skateboarding with some friends.
#nowplaying Love Me Tender by Elvis Presley.
Sorry for your loss, Tim.
The heartbreaking, frantic 9-1-1 call from Junior Seau's home is released.. and what happens to those left behind after a suicide.
thanks for the birthday wish! Awesome food again!
#itsabeautifulworldbecause I recognize that the #confessionalcommercial is #sexist and VERY inappropriate and insulting
idk what to do with myself.
Thanks for all the rain reports!
Having fun Spinning outside to music with
And I didn't die! Not dying FTW!
JOE TORRE, EVERYONE
Thanks for the shout-out yesterday! Happy Friday!
If happily ever after does exist.
Hail is attacking my face.
Got my thinking cap on...
Are you still doing your yoga everyday? I just started again and now can't remember why I stopped. Still loving child's pose.
DC shows just announced for BOTH Das Racist and Wire! Time to move back!
I said I'm puerto rican I don't work ! Prendelo prendelo prendelo !
Thank you. I have had several powerful women today tell me how they do it. Thanks
omg you're on a roll today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I have no idea who those people are, but yes!
Thanks for the RT. Are boomers serial entrepreneurs?
I pray that i can get a job soon so I can have some money to put away and to spend.
is home early!
Add A Rod being on line to be the final out in an elimination game to your car chase and no hitter list.
Win. Just win.
Straightening my hair for tomorrows interview for Pershing..
GOOD LUCK TO MY MAIN MAN BEST FRIEND WHO IS REGULATING IN OMAHA THIS WEEKEND AT BERKSHIRE-HATHAWAY SHAREHOLDERS MEETING
What a catch, what a catch.
Have you seen Detachment? Makes me want to hug a teacher.
A client complained how his failures weren't his fault. I said A strong man acknowledges his weaknesses, a weak man denies them. Good stuff!
You Don't Like Me ? Get In Line Wit The Otha Bitch STiLL Waitin For Me To Give A Fuck !
I haven't been on this account to much I started up a PA account on here is
Please follow me back:))?
SORRY HOES HIT U HIT THEY ASS BACK
true...u got me. lol
They should have consulted us and Jared White.
shoot me an email. . Thanks
Sounds very similar to mine. cause you can use goat cheese, like you, instead of Boursin (a French herbed cream cheese).
lmao!!! So true
thanks. i needed that today. does that make sense?
nope I'm sayin let her jump...silly
Kk and thanks u want my second pair
#FF: Follow these stylish Twitter-ers for fashion news & inspiration!
Every time we touch, I get this feeling...
These stairs ain't no JOKE! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
hey guys its acimahomie !
What I feel for you can not be explained with words.
Considering a Refinance? Call a Marimark Mortgage Counselor at: (866) 910-8020
“: Got candy on an air drop today. Really..it had to be sour skittles..like I don't miss enough..” save me some ;)
Well fuck the cracken. We are doing this shit
CONGRATS, V!!!! And Vicious sounds AMAZING! :D Can't wait to read it!
Not a successful night monetarily, but a great way to go out before the rapture.
do u watch smosh nd if so who is better ian or anthony or both??????
Doooode Pretty Little Liars is soo addicting! I love it!
Is a violent person. XD
Come on you Blues!
and just wanted to thank you for your brilliant ideas!
Glad you could make it! RT : Quick Fun Break. 5 de Mayo pool party at Vizcayne in Dowtown Miami.
banana fun fact #1. Bananas come in many colors. Green, yellow, and most importantly pink.
please please you are killing me with the wait. Lol
Hope you like the new "BugyBops" #book!
You should have a section on your site to post used volvos
": The cars are rolling out of the paddock to Gasoline Alley... goes live from #gpstpete at 12:30pm!"
Crazy day today as prep in high gear for shooting of addtl footage 's mansion. Addtl footage added so far looks great!
Slow and steady!
Bikini Bull Riding was nuts! was right! We'll have pictures up tomorrow if you missed it! - Dustin
My Grad school app is now in. Gotta take the GRE. Not happy about that. Gotta cram a 2 month process in 2 weeks to prepare
My siblings and I are kosher now. Hubby is not. He eats pork only when we eat out, cuz I'm the cook at home.
Two genealogy prgms tomorrow @ Paseo Verde Lib: Vital Records class @ 1 pm & Family Health History class @ 6pm. Explore your family roots!
Asked for light cream cheese on bagel- but instead got way too much! C'mon universe, don't be so cliche!
NDT needs sponsorship's help provide underprivileged kids to participate in our Anti - Abduction class
thank you. Looks like you're having a blast
Was Heidi Klum out there chasing another one?!?
Just got back from #PureRebllion and they werent lying about how life changing it really is.! #GodIsGood forsure :-)
How so? Kind of a sweet guy who really loves a girl. He's a bit of a weird dude. Never seemed unrealistic to me.
Huh - #coxcable really does call their tech support "tier 1" and "tier 2" - is there a "tier 3" or higher as well?
today is my half birthday, incase you were all wondering:D
# 4: What about budget? The higher the dpi & bit depth, the more costly the scanner-Be certain the unit U buy will do the job-Dont overbuy.
I was at that seminar too. Great talks by all the speakers!
Africa's Lost Classics: New Histories of African Cinema edited by Lizelle Bisschoff and David Murphy...2013
“: It's so hot out here I swear I seen the devil walkin round the outlets too wth”. Welcome to Florida!
U was on My page huh? Re-tweeting Shit!
Hm. Any ideas on what to do for my 18th birthday? I'm thinking a little kick-back or maybe a "Barbie-Q" LMFAO. #ItsKenBitches!
pretty! congrats!
I've avoided Twilight stuff on purpose. Maybe should pan this one as well.
27 seconds remaining....FINS 60 BU 56!!! LETS GO FINS! Time to Finish!!
wish you lived here I would do your brows ...
The Regional Initiative Grant Region 7 APS Panel will start at 10 a.m. in the Indiana State Library Author's Room.
totes wanna go to this
If u had a straight ace in your hand you would be cocky too.
: I'd rather look jet-lagged & have vacationed in Hawaii! RT:... Hawaii was a blast, feel...We are live from !
that was my inspiration
This is the shit that proves real friends, from the fakes
I'm Diana ..!! he, what type of music do you like ??
I dunno yet , why ?
uh what are the squares . haha
In Chicago. Heading to an Equal Voice Network meeting.
lmaooooooo Intern, when are you coming here? I see you gone have me dying laughing
.Nice turn-around in that point.
hahaha! which one, do you think?
#GuessAnumber? We'll bring two if you win. One to drop, one to eat! :) :)
Hello Colleagues of education, school will be starting 8/15/11 in Ohio. I am 2 ready to return. Whoppee!!!! C U soon kids!!
If you're not willing to put in the effort, don't expect it in return.
Pretty decent, in terms of decency!
Think your great website idea will last forever? Remember Myspace..me neither
We definitely hope you come back and visit soon!
Hey Tiffy here ;) Do u by any chance have a fan mail addy??? Would be awesome if u did :D
Ok, so the first new song of the year is finsihed (even though the year isn't) and at a whopping 38 secs, you're sure to listen to the...
Beasties & RHCP should be awesome! RT : We have just confirmed that tickets have sold out to the #RockHall2012 Induction Ceremony.
Has anyone ever been to Stone Creek Coffee?
But an hearie can simply call anyone anytime and not worry about a 30 min limit. Where's the equal access?
I've changed. I'm not the same girl you used to know a couple months ago.. So when you come back don't think I'll take you back again.
Hey co-worker - no I don't want to talk to you while I'm sitting in here. Kthanks
Live in the Las Vegas / Reno area? Call us today for a FREE quote on health insurance 702.258.1995
how are you feeling about the #rangers? tough one last night.
Just remembered I found a $50 bill in my jacket pocket last night! Always exciting to find money!!
Napier Awards Go to Two Pomona Seniors
OH in the office: "I just like the idea of being part of a petting zoo" (re: RBMS Conference Technology Petting Zoo)
You know, Fische. Sometimes your avatar looks like a fish; sometimes like a group of houses at sea.
Solvej <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097> look at chuu showing your lurv this whole week.
Would you give the first dance to me.?
The Friday night alcohol fairy has just arrived!
About to head downtown to see "Act Like A Lady Think Like A Man"! :)
Barack Obama is such a good president.
We need a jingle, Can you help us?
ur six pack is cute!!! but my Keg is Sexy!!!!!!
Man is conceived in sin & born in corruption & he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. There is always something
This episode of Glee...
thanks Anthony, I added some thoughts on as well...
Have you read Strayed's new one yet, Anne? I just picked it up but haven't started it yet. Great piece on here in P&W this month.
happy bday!!! :) : I'll definitely be at Happy Hour Fitness this Friday! Looking forward to it! () :)
Those clever sonsabitches + () finally unveil their super-awesome sketch 2moro. Genius.
A little stress, a little rest. Got the ride back up and running. Good weekend away.
True that. RT I would actually care more about Apple's big news if their products were anywhere near a reasonable price point.
There is nothing like your MOM...she will always be there for you..GOD BLESS MY MOM!!!
Not sure why, but even when I shower alone, I still get a little nervous when I drop the soap.
I kinda dig Pete these days. He's the only certifiable lefty at SDCP, and he and Trudi are the only functioning marriage around.
That's the CHURCH NURSE!
joker is the best villain hands down
Should robots. At least, if humans are going to be that incompetent.
Checked Cuil.com to get a Cuil style answer... and realized they are gone! I guess I became too accustomed to Google. Darn. I liked Cuil!
unfortunately like every other big business - if it doesn't suit their needs, disregard. good luck.
“: Met the Oriole Bird.” My daughter loves the Orioles bird. We're going Friday, first of the season.
come hang!
Life coaching and the "art" of expression are a healing combination and I offer two different workshops - "Heart2Art" and "Color Your World"
OMG - The Obama economy - ZERO jobs added in August. Just look what Obama's doing to Gibson Guitars to understand why.
ironic, most of the Celtics have pacemakers...although Garnett is a beast
jump in! It's not too late for a rematch. #Giants and #Patriots are doing it!
You Found Yo Earring
Today was the longest Monday ever...
Add required field validation with jQuery in the Zend template.
We didn't have to take a Language Arts final in my class. Woop woop.
You're the<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8>to my<U+2708>
“: of course my friend ^_^ stay blessed.” Will do~~you do the same.
My day just keeps on getting busier and busier..
happy mother's day! Busy Bee Cafe, Raleigh's gr8st tots... My treat!
Well damn...
So who making breakfast cuz I'm fuckin hungry
:: Hot topics coming up soon on Live and talk used underwear. #what?!
"Exercise produces a relaxation response that serves as a positive distraction, it also helps elevate your mood and keep depression at bay."
i keep my commitments
D'yer Maker tomorrow nite? lol...just kidding...although while you were noodling, you just about got it going. I could hear it.
Which 3 VO Talents do you admire the most?
He DID say "we are always seeking new hives & monitoring hives." Hmm. Nosey snoopy tell me what do neighbors; neighbors running up our drive
Nobody has a perfectly linear career path. Except really uninteresting people.
jw but is that all you think about? well that and peoples' moms
But I went out there to kick it and my plan backfired\
- come clean & organize my office next! Looks like Ali Bab & the 40 thieves office there too! Argghhh!
My friends and I saw you @ sxsw a year or two ago, and we've been major fans since!
My crush said he hasn't had his first kiss yet and hen it happens it better be special, I promise to make it special. ;)
- all set now, thx
THANK YOU! I've a fancy, two-monitor setup at work, and getting Excel to use more than one of 'em is painful.
A teacher is one who makes himself progressively unnecessary. ~Thomas Carruthers
If you put the Federal government in charge of the Sahara Desert, in five years there'd be a shortage of sand. ~ Milton Friedman
This is a beautiful day to....wait at WalMart for a tire replacement.
Exactly, and I should know.
thanks for joining us! Always a good time
i just got done writing too your "up all night beat" Insane.. I will be leasing this too!
Thanks, girl!
Thanks for suggesting Already follow both!
When was the last time you hypocritical 'w' people ate SWINE and COW? Some say that's a SIN
#LasVegas says cheers to Austin and wishing you a good mobbin' day!
That moment when u get new followers <3
drop in and say "Hi"
YOU WONT LET ME DOWN DOWN DOWN
Hey everyone! Our twitter page is up and you can follow us at Our facebook page will be up in a week! So follow us for updates!
Lol my gay manager calls me Zachary. very few people in this world get to call me that.
Just had this thought: If I go to Target, I get to wear my Wellies! Target here I come!
It was so awesome to met you last night. Me and my friends have look up to you so much. I hope to see you soon
you're really cute(: and 5 is my number also!(;
Sounds good. Call me after 11 your time.
DYK? Delta Sigma Theta Sorority colors are crimson and cream ..
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. – David Brinkley
Oh what?! is in Vegas with WADDUUUUPPP
YogaFit is apparently different than my normal yoga class. My muscles really wish I'd known that before I signed up for a 10 week class.
Oh your in the zone...I'll leave you alone!
lol yes, let's actually hang out :D
Sorry I didn't see this sooner. Been running around WDW for days. Thanks for the kind words, glad you enjoy my madness..LOL
Hey how r u today ?
Visit any of our 35 members to give a donation to Today & giving 5% of revenue! #trucks<3citymeals
Hopefully, this guy is Cuban and disliked by Latinos!
haha Seancook was taken so I had to clarify who the real one was. ME...haha
That is awesome, keep up the good work!
you are my hero please please please follow me<3???
NOPE BECAUSE YOU DIDN'T USE MULTIPLE LETTERS LIKE ME. So I win.
Yeah! A friend just made it and said it was really good!
The fact that I get to that point with some people is mind boggling..
I want to hug you Kenny. :]
Why are kids not allowed to read indep reading books when finished testing? We make sure all our kids have a book to read.
Balotelli is a disgrace. If he's not sent off during this second half, I'd be shocked. Go Arsenal.
RT : Retweet this if you want $0 shipping! For every 100 new followers gets, we unlock 1 hr. $0 shipping tomorrow!
you're welcome to blow up my timeline, no apology necessary.
That sucks. I would say you could use mine since I don't use it that much. I'll see if I can find something.
Thanks for the mention! Have a good night!
Attending Conference? We'll be at Booth # 921. Stop by to see live demonstrations of DonorPro Connect and FriendRaising!
it's going great! Working hard and writing lots of new songs! It's exciting :) I love it!
no doubt bro. That would be nice. Keep the link.
Hah! Don't we wish. Maybe somewhere over the rainbow....or in a matter of years? Let's redefine what museums are about!
Bitch please. My straightener is hotter than you.
This update is very heterosexist, maybe men want to see hot swedish men!
love you girls :)
Free for the afternoon? Come volunteer w/the office staff at CA today, and earn free tickets to a CA performance!
With your head pounding harder than your heart. And you feel like you're stuck where you are.
I'm getting the same messages like four times <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Happy Tuesday!
+1 RT : Documentation is so key, both in code and in general. Trying to document as much as I can so the next person won't be lost.
oooohhh...imagine the geeky possibilities!
RT : Whatever you are thinking there is a good chance you should be thinking bigger.
I just finished a 2.65 mi run with a time of 30:33 with Nike+ GPS.
lol idk where so i just made a semi good one via my house
Thank you! Sort of figured it was something as such, you can never be too sure, however, w/ the
Love costs 5 cent less than a nickle
And now I'm weeping.
Will there be one-stoppers now?
The best of all gifts at a birthday table is the presence of a happy family all wrapped up in each other.
chip n dales , simpsons n little rascals....am I right???
I'm just as bad as the boys.... I wait till the very last minute to do things. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
Miss Earth 2011 in Thailand is Cancelled and has returned back to the Philippines!
It was very odd. All the special effects were Monty Python-esque animations.
NO I'm up follow back?!
Everyone ok?
My best friend is the someone who brings out the best of me.....
Worst idea ever...getting a long haired cat. Bitch gets mats (sp?).
July is half way over. NFL camps open up in a couple of weeks. College FBall practice to follow. This year is flying.
It's hang on time!
Climbing a tree with a missing limb and not saving anyone.
Mikael: modularization of standards as an important tool - Dublin Core was in this sense a pioneer
So happy to see you on Twitter! Welcome. You should follow to start. You'll enjoy the AH posts.
Counting down the days till summer ! <3
RT : You can't help who you love, but you can help who you TRUST.
It'd make my life if noticed mee :c
is now following & 'll
thank you chef yes we do take externs when you get back give me a shout and we can set up a stage
no, thats the best part. I saw all of that just walking my dog around the block. I feel invincible today.
This joke may have been used already, but is it appropriate for you guys to be called The Village People?
if it beeps it means the line is busy! <3
perhaps, but more in the b-sides way.
Now to become an expert user of Quantum GIS.
The good thing is that after tomorrow all we're gonna do in school is chill and watch movies.
I guess will be rooting for the #Celtics in this #NBA series!
does not like "status shuffle" on Facebook. The "witty" quote it spits out is not yours. I know u have a mind, why don't you?
& of course we will all be by the studio very soon. We all miss you(:Sending you much love from the family, hugs & kisses
We have a pretty killer classic beer battered Fish and Chips. If a beer bar couldn't do beer batter what could they do?
Sitting at school with Corey and Kaleb.
I AM SO SORRY! I really had no time for twitter & now lost 20 followers??
nobody is a better artist than me ;)) -Confidence
Uecker loves him some donuts.
#drugreactions: Changing the #lifestyle often helps avoid the use of #drugs with side effects that also damage
RT : Car seats have a wide variation in height/weight limits. Before you buy do homework to pick the best seat for you.
hey Niall :) how's my cute Irish member of 1D doing?
fat ass lol !!! I'm always eating Krispy Kremes myself so I make sure I get an automatic extra 20mins in the gym O_o
CHILLING W/ ! We reminiscing about the past ! I love my cousin .<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
#erl12 cancellation projects driving all the usage/ management data projects
PO$ITIVE PU$H IS A MOVEMENT WE SHOULD ALL BE APART OF ISNT THAT HOW WE ARE TRYNA LIVE Y NOT WEAR IT .
miss you guys!!! :D
If at first you don't succeed, look in the trash for the instructions.
RT : Let me tell you the secret that has led me to my goal: My strength lies solely in my tenacity–Louis Pasteur
my sweet Lauran!! Oh how I have missed you & your sunshine! How are you beautiful girl? Let's save GCB :)
I wish there was a RESTART BUTTON ON LIFE -Same As SHIT)
"Unless you're part of the fabric of community, you're not going to succeed that well" - on the importance of being engaged
that is awesome. congratulations. and happy birthday!
Bankers Life Fieldhouse live tonight #all yellowerrythang
yall might have better air were u at
Ha! You're proof we can be friends with moles. Don't think that's true for trolls:)
Bicycle bells are my favorite passive aggressive invention of all time.
Really bored!!!:(
Time for band practice!
at least the pats lost.
700th tweet comin up RT if you want a shout out
I observe everyone… I judge you based on what i observe…
that river in Oregon was in flood season & icy cold. Its assumed by Sherrif dep that body might be found by fishers or never
haha VERY serious!!
Thx 4 checking us out. We hope that u listen to & love the music of Secret Skwirl. Best & success!
Watching pigeons at Lake Ella. You cannot comprehend how happy I am.
Next week :)
Someone wanted $2 million from David Letterman not to go public about sexual relationships with women who worked on his show. Too late now.
Virginia Woolf sure knew what she was talkin' about when she wrote "A Room of One's Own"...
Goodnight everyone . Sweet dreams (:
i liked it ;)
airports most checked in location
lol it's funny Ashley liked the two that has girlfriends lmao
Happy Birthday! :D
I'm barely gonna be on tomorrow because of school and work so happy early birthday :)
Does it suck to know i sat on it first?
“: Go 'Cats” HaHAA! UK's getting smashed like the freshman punks they are
#MiddleFingerUp to bieber haters.
If you love life it will love you back!
I'm on a money run ... Track team
You are welcome
Typical little spoiled, entitled BRAT.
Calling out the guy *napping* at the library. Security is getting lax. :-p
im wit it
Raiders fan until i die
Ever want to do a liver cleanse? Do you drink allot? Does liver cancer run in your fam? Yellow in your eyes? Contact me for details & price.
What are you eating?
These refs are star wowed by miami cause they are making horrible calls
Greatest come back ever BYU, or greatest choke job ever Iona?
Gotta have a winners attitude to get anywhere in life.
every other country hopes similarly
@/FinishLine is secretly gay?!?! They're a SHOE STORE!
Sauteed it cubed, twice. The second time I added nutritional yeast to the last minute or two of cooking time. Yum!!
you rock and have inspired us to launch
because they were late picks we gave up...no way would we do what Washington did and give up three first. Big difference
happy birthday...have the best
let's get married so he can go to your wedding.
Good recording session 2day w/17 yr old guitarist Gabe Schnider. Kid's got a future. Nice studio in Rhinebeck, NY.
Michael jackson died at 58 Whitney houston died at 48. John F Kennedy died at 38. Amy whinehouse died at 28. How old is Justin Bieber again?
All they do in reality shows is go out to dinner...
#Celtics have 12 regular season games left. At Indiana tomorrow and then back to Boston for a game against Philly Sunday.
I love when Twitter has an error and it says "Something is Technically Wrong," like it should be followed with "but not really..."
Not on this tour, sadly, If I had loads of money I could probably afford to travel to another show, but oh well.
Automotive Finance and Leasing for Consumers in Emerging Global Markets
God put us here on this carnival ride. We close our eyes, never knowing where it'll take us next.
Liberal liberals suck. Conservative conservatives suck. What happened to the 80% of regular people running the show?
sorry, might have had an early dinner :/
in all seriousness...when, if at all, do u start tebow? Your opinion?
#cara student Willie H. just secured a position at Cleanslate as a Special Projects Associate! 44 of 310!!
RT Dear Blackberry, HAHAHAHA HA HAHAHAH! Sincerely, Apple. <--- Yup
Wish I was pulling an all-nighter with #oomf I have no motivation alone.
#crossinmyfingers mom let's me check out!
.... and I'm paying much more attention to the ads now .... what/who's next?? ;)
Our home town rockers RootsCovenant are backing Sister Nancy tonight and NSE is here covering it. Videos will be up soon!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH! GUYS YOU MADE MY DAY TODAY! YOU ARE THE BEST.
Milwaukee farmers mkt today!
: #IWantSomeOneWhoWill Be something that I never had"
Congrats on the win today!! , , , Going for the Sweep tomorrow!!
VERY thankful for all the opportunities coming my way! Today, it's a CD Workshop followed by another audition.
Me and Kita took a pic the other day I look too faded.
I've moved a lot at least 8 times..between undergrad, grad school, jobs
SUMMER SHAPE UP is coming April 1st to V-TOne FItness in Rogers Park! $40 for the whole 6 week session..msg for details!!
Now i need some pussy now, because the Lakers lost i need to cheer up!! lol
omg! thats just around the corner too.
9/26/2010 Power Packs: Teens today prefer friendship in groups Chicago Tribune
RT : FREE STUFF from KISS FM in honor of Bryant and Stratton's new location -Free Stone Creek Coffee and...
Aw thanks!! :) xoxo
Beautiful day in San Diego. Want to thank my Ace Team for the hard work and extra effort they put into their jobs. You all rock!!!
#Starbucks helps with everything. So very tired. :-)
I offer GREAT perspective on Anything & Everything. Xo
I mean it'd be cool if the bitch didn't take my phone away
#whimsicalgates taking in this beautiful day helping artist Leslie Wilcox measure the site for her gate, Winsome Gate
But on the real though whenever do you see all natural pics these days
can I borrow ten bucks?
Paging with a Ray Pruit tweet
In the lab waitin on to send me this beat so I can make love to it lmao
is a racist asshole. Now he wants college transcripts and grades WTF!!!!!!
oh bummer! Sorry to hear this.
I've become much less #RiskAverse as I've grown older. I think it's supposed to work the other way round?
Whether you fight for the #Sith or the justice of the #Jedi,
Ugh I feel so sick
that literally has become the norm, at least amongst the weddings I've been shooting!
If we made our Online Dashboard screen look like a Polaroid taken back in 1978, do you think we'd get 30 million people using us?
Mexico: won the last 3 matches vs. USA.
But I could definitely do it more--I know people who do much much more.
Ok can't tweet. Too Glued to TV
Oh #WinterWipeout how I love thee. ;)
whoz ur number 1 pick to take it down?? And btw.. U don't really suck
I've never seen grandmas boy :o
my ag teacher made it in highschool took him over a year to perfect it has 4 blades and two of them detatch
A7X/HU/Asking/BVB tour in the works..... wow.
Got myself a Wookie Cookie today. May the 4th be with you!
Everytime I pass harbor on the 91 freeway, I think of running across it at 2 in the morning, shitfaced. Lol
you like it
On my way to the seminar 'Building a Better Milwaukee'. It's about recognizing abundance in our community. Will you be there?
Congrats to our friends Teagan & The Tweeds for an excellent show on WXXI's OnStage tonight!
these the niggas you talking about on all 4s lmmfao
Yeah for BOOKS! Boo for weather! RT The wintry mix will not prevent me from going to Normal's bookstore. So there.
yes! Let's have a drink. Text Eric!
Love your photo!
Great! We have time to go on It's A Small World 20 times get sick then lose our lunch on Thunder Mountain. Magic of Disney!
My paycheck is about to be so great :)
Happy Passover from
The state senate in Iowa didn't want to take up the issue of banning red light cameras. Is that because they get out of tickets?
and he got an ear for good beats them shits always banging
I will be content cause those people in Africa hav an experience.
Dio - the ultimate musical professional. Rock on in the afterlife, Ronnie!
we can barf it up later.
i want a girl niggas be lonely
Oh so sick can't sleep && my dog is no where near Lassie status mehh no bueno
Red velvet cake O.O
RT : The only thing that can save the world is reclaiming of the awareness of the world. That's what poetry does. Allen Ginsberg
#nwill2011 blended learning = combine face-to-face instruction with online
thanks for advice re good company in Euston - looking for someone from my own species! know that might appear fussy but...
RT : Really not feeling school... Atleast its Friday.
As things get more virtual, are audiences craving the "real thing"? Like the brain....
thank you!..good morning to you!.. Have a great day!!
Movies with my little bro(:
boring is okay as long as you're happy. if you're not happy, then boring has to go!!!!
Chocolee brownies are made with top quality ingredients and worth every guilt-laden calorie. Give yourself a real treat this weekend.
can't wait! See you soon friends :)
I'm making a carrot cake..
We are working on poster, flyer and t shirt designs for Dancing to the Next Dimension with Divine Dance Institute.
RT : Released IL inmate, after 21 yrs prison, 13 death row, files suit against convicted police Lt. over abuse re:...
I thought Rick Ross was gone perform with them. I hope he didn't have another seizure again.
Where did you go for your 6 weeks cruise? Must be fun... :)
B-e-autiful outside.
This mvmt is a reaction to the trauma of the second mvmt
can't wait!
Your boy is live on twitter now, let 'em know!
Very cool! RT Saw #Discovery on my commute in this morning. Sweet!
Woke up before sunrise.... Pretty but I'm tired.
Ruby ... this time they tweeted giddy, fickle, flighty, and thoughtless
That's so cool!
See you in a few weeks!! YEA!
Spending quality time with grams
Excited to debut a digital feature for #PDX's #CAN group. Ask them about it during tomorrow.
I'm so glad you (and your roommate) like the swag! :)
. BE the change you want to see in the world. We believe in #ochi's core. And it is peace & dignity, not war & corruption.
I tell people in grab bags to go to my fave beer store and tell them I love hops & get an assortment!
Heading to my last panel of the day but it's so nice out I'm tempted to go have a beer instead.
I had a nightmare I failed my Spanish final... grab a bottle & come practice with me
i missed you today! feel better!
“: Looking forward to a great show!” We are too!
The professors are great!
Very nice recap of our conference! RT made my first blog post !!! All about the Food for Thought conference
My concern is that if tweets do have a soul, how long before the Church says it's a sin to delete them?
a pretty face doesn't mean a pretty heart
Kobe shouldn't have ordered the enchilada plate at Casa Bonita before game 6.
thanks for the shout out :)
You make yourself look stupid.
I like things the way they are (: so if your nice to me I MAY call you up when we all go out on the lake
tony you're a hater. I have assets to feed
Star Mentors Events is on fire. Come Join us. www.starmentors.com
How wonderful!
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments
Whatever you do, don't feed them!
there is something deeply hilarious about all of this.
YEEAAAH YOU DO
If you have some free time check out Joe Mckinney's new Book Flesh Eaters, just finished today, fascinating read!! On to the next....
1974 first Yale turg class? Our field has only existed in my lifetime... Weird.
Our big spring social will be in April 14. Email Stacy Chen with suggestions or to volunteer.
here I will just say good luck
It's been a while since I've given Dana the #ff love that she deserves. She's funny, smart, and beautiful!
and gay porn stars.
Only a few hours until joint presentation with : American Experience's Clinton-6pm, free tickets!
They hated said you wouldn't make it now look where you at
just got outta bed ... what a night ,,, not in a good way
MAD SHOUTS 2 DOBSON HIGH NWC RIDING WE YALL MAY 21st GOOD TIMES 2 B HAD BY ALL CUM OUT & REALIZE & RECONIZE R YOUTH . 1 Page Themes
. continues to charge the public for its own negligence // Court petition: Utility responsible for wildfire insurance ()
Somebody that I used to know :)
I love that song I'm gonna listen to it now & let it minister to memy heart hurts my bro passed almost exactly 2 months ago
// Most announcements they want highly publicized air late in the day to make the evening news 4 more eyes.
Well, Jagr has scored big goals in Pittsburgh a few times before.
Took my son and his friends to the X Games yesterday, street skate contest Ryan Sheckler won Gold, pretty cool:)
Why can't people just mind their own business? Don't get what's so hard
crap! Hope the National Guard is close by!
Okay Thanks. (: I'm excited thank you so much for doing this <3 this is gonna be the best birthday present :D
I grew up south of there, and my parents always took us to the White Mts. every summer. LOVE.
WOW! Dez is blowing beast opportunities! I have Dez-Julio-AJ Green-D. Nelson and Denarius..start 2..who do I start?
Good call! RT : Not sure if "clubbin" is accurate or not, but going out. I believe we're heading to
Logitech Wave. Not too shabby so far.
Pack up your shit and go. Moving.
tonight at Skully's! Come through!
yee my last day is mon. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
to Robert's number or to yours?
youth theater learning to polka...does it get much better than this?
Today is a perfectly good day to be rolling just beautiful weather -
I'm glad you asked. Impossible to compare tragedies, but we can say that one is more prevalent in teachers, the other in parents.
I'm warning you kid. I speak goose and that kind of language is not acceptable! #austin&ally
well if I ever actually drag my ass out of bed, I want to go looking for a good case for my phone
Steve, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to seeing what you can teach the rest of Philly.
Is Looking Forward To Being A Guest On Steve Gross's Radio Show Today! "Gross Reality with Steve Gross" Discussing Networking
Paske said it was either Pineapple Landslide or Black Friday. Sean and I agreed Black Friday wasn't as important.
You never fail to make me smile! :) Love you<3
*choke* Tiger. Yes, I am rooting for McDowell to overtake him.
We specialize in online marketing for mixed-use real estate all over the U.S. Let us know if we can help.
Shabbat Shalom!! Recording for new album tonight. Details comin
you guys have a case of CDs in the basement of in case you'd forgotten. Under my desk.
thanks for the mention w/
How did you "Do The Most Good" on Earth day?
Nothing sweeter than the cross. Salvation, grace, mercy, sin, wretchedness, HIS love all meet up at the cross
Estimate for car repair : $2000+......FML.
thanks for following :D if you get me more followers, Ill let you suck my 15 inch dick ;)
Good luck to all the participants this weekend!
#YPO-I hate when speakers use P&G social media examples and fail to emphasize the tens of millions in paid media to make them "social"
Yay! And PS loving the new icon.
follow me please
#InsideJob was an interesting doc. It did a great job explaining the 2008-09 financial breakdown in an understandable way.
so the "my very educated mother just served us nine pizzas" is now "my very excellent mother just served us noodles." i miss pluto :(
i miss you < 3
The new rule is:
Y'all cheering 2nite?
Victor Cruz And His Touchdown Dance lol
Some like it hot. That's why we carry hot chocolate by Payard çoisPayard, Mariebelle and 111 St. Marks Place.
fingers crossed :-) thank you
#AmercianExperience is on and I finally get to sit down and enjoy it.
ya. And I'm gonna be taking pictures and recording a video for them
So glad it's finally football season
I don't cry over spilt milk, but a fallen scoop of ice cream is enough to ruin my whole day.
T'gate is only 2 weeks away! Stop down and see us Saturday September 3rd at 222 W.Lane Ave for food, drinks and the game of course...
I'm there.
thank you for raising such an amazing boy ^.^
Investor presentations with One down, one to go...
Thanks for sharing our tweet!
The right person will love all the things about you that the wrong person couldn't accept
im tweeting. and playing kingdom hearts! IT's da bomb! x)
nothing super official yet but seeing it everywhere
haha I will have to tell you a story. Custodians are douches.
Of course! Looking forward to learning more about WCIDetroit. We're in The New Center!
Please help my friends get on a new show by the producers of amazing race!!!Please repost!!
#history #museum #historical Tuesday history quote: Mr. Gorbachev tear down this wall! Ronald Reagan, 1987
check s last tweet
Who says you can't wear a sweater on a hot sunny day? :)
Thanks for the #FF, sweetheart--hope you're not going bonkers on that deadline!
GN hail USA
#JBR will be at tomorrow, 5:30-8:00 for Cupcakes and Cocktails! Stop by to join the fun!
#TwSIG Managing Twitter. Who is going to manage an account? How much time for this? How do we decide what to publish? Who is the audience?
RT : The author of Inside Val's Brain is on Twitter! For a rollicking pop culture time, follow
let me see wht this twitter all about
depends on if you're just sharing, or actually asking questions for people who have the same problems. FB tolerates more.
Thanks! RT : That looks ah-mazing,
Follow your girl
Surround yourself with people who take their work seriously, but not themselves, those who work hard and play hard. Colin Powell
Recent Jewish immigrants (meaning back to the 1980s at least) are often GOP supporters as are the Orthodox.
you do not understand how many hours of my life I have spent pretending to be interested in talking about cars.
yes ma'am! tell me you're gonna be there?!
thtd b cool if u lived by us! Then ud get to participate in our shananagans(:
Today is not the day to fuck with me I woke up not in the mood
#imagine u and justin making out then having ... Sex
haha that's actually the combo I usually get too.
worst Wayne verse ever on the new Khaled shit. wow.
I'm gonna go for Doug.
I miss 08!.. Dat was our year!..
ok I'll see later and I'll get at you People don't lie and if she had something to say she can @ me or my sis not talk about it
London "Hudson! There's no such thing as a red head!" "yes there is sis! I'm a red head! And I'm a such thing as one!"
listening to this bum rap <- Solja Boy?? LMAO!
Running home to listen to more So addicted wah!
rotbl!! U already know! #aivilOs our tugging comes naturally!!
Writer Workshop TONIGHT at 8 p.m., MGC 252. Bring your laptops and a sweet tooth! Goodies to be served.
“Interaction w/ the #network means we learn from each other & are reinforced that remembering past & changing future is key objective”
RISE & GRIND Tweeps!
Suggestion – Third, Eye contact has been shown to be a significant factor in the persuasion process.
I am happy...no school!:)and cause ur happy please follow me back!!
Try to be the sail in someone's boat and not the anchor. Anchors are nothing but dead weight anyway.
Break out the soup cans and string! This week's telephone themed Sound Design, and more, up now on #productionvault!
Next glamorous travel destination: Kansas City, MO! Jealous yet?
what up.....Connie! Jess, Kenny and I say hello!
Hey chica. How are you doing?
tiny data is just as important
Eating some
Friends, more like two face bitches.
u bring home lots of sneakers. i destroy lots of sneakers.
Burgers at Champps with my mommy:)
Just when i thought it couldn't get any slower...
RT : It doesn't look safe to have that many bees in a major league ball park
ur only starting to miss us now!?
Portlander uses down time during yesterday's Occupy the banks at Chase, to cash a birthday check from his grandma.
when & where
It's cold #af in this school
your friend said who looks like a bum Theo or Ryan?
Oh! I'm so happy someone knew it! I'm on season 3 in my chronological GG watching.
Aw, you are so sweet. You too, Lisa!
EX COLTS QB signs 2 year deal in TAMPA....Dan Orvlovsky not Peyton :-)
singing backup vox for tonight at !
Main building..
no problem...dm us your info ... Wish it was a better auto..
Spectacular only could've been better 4 me is if I was there!Cum bk 2Chi Look @ my bio bout trance journey (edit)
Oh, Babs, you're being histrionic;"malicious intent"? I'd love to represent the facts with you over dinner. #fascistsneedlove,too
Coral Alt, Angela Bassett and Donna Karan have two things in common. They all claim to be celebrities and they all love
Design your life by choice. Not chance. Chance happens, but make choices around it.
please don't hurt them!!!
knock'em down slaps hard bruh....ima do something and come out there to film a video
Just watched w/ Ken Venturi. So much wisdom from the left side of the booth & wit from the right. Two definite classics.
New song!! www.listn.to/armisticemaine
LOVING 's song "Tonight" <3 :)
#lifevineworks welcomes ETA theatre to the westside! enjoyed their production "Flow"at westinghouse high
Happy to help - thanks for your interest in my favorite topic - #crowdfunding!
Feel better!
Just wait until you discover the wonders of naval peanut butter!
Everything is going good, looking forward to relaxing on the 4th. How's everything with you?
His holiness has just stated that fear of something such as earthquakes is actually reasonable.
Back from KC and Des Moines....
hope you feel better:)
Barbara Stowasser, a professor in the Department of Arabic and Islamic Studies and member of the CCAS Executive Committee, died yesterday.
Won't forget that experience. Thanks for giving a damn about equity in Portland. VIVA MARRIAGE EQUALITY!
I thought Peyton Manning wasn't here to teach our awkward QB Tebow -- I mean Osweiler -- how to play.
Forgot it was Earth Day til I saw the google doodle this morning. Lovely.
I'll have to take a look! I've only heard the song.
crazy night.
There is a reason why I don't like girls, perfect example is you
cuz there from new york lls
Today was good. :)
After seeing how people I went to high school with have ended up.... I'd say I am doing pretty well for myself.
The Bellmen are pplaying in Wimberly Texas tomorrow at 3 p.m. After that almost everyday for
Morning Twissers! How was your weekend?
thank you for showing that conservative doesn't mean close minded or bigoted. Thank you for fighting the good fight.
Sunday June 3rd. TEEN WOLF <33
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 Ps, I love you.
SO YOU YOUR BRITISH AND COME TO AMERICA? AND IM AMERICAN,&I CANT GO TO THE UK? this makes no sense. I WANT TO GO 2 THE UK
True. But it sounds awesome!
Was a pleasure working with you also Mike!
Congrats 2 our San Diego Chargers on their BIG win over the SF 49'ers. Lookin' gr8 w/ 2 more regular season games 2 go.
This made my day. MT : Did you know Jamie Hyneman ( of ) worked as a Slavic collection librarian at the UN?
If you miss out on that great bargain, it's not because we didn't warn you!
There's surfing in the Great Lakes!
So my roommate's cat--the one I hate (roommate and cat)--woke me up at 5 am meowing outside my window...
Go Miranda Bailey. Give them the shark!
i love u
Basic graphic design tip #6: Know who your audience is and what your specific message is before you start.
My english teacher obviously doesnt like gaga... Fuck head
Demonstration that e-auctions in Slovakia has saved tons of money
I don't want him to forget only remember! :/
best tweets ever girls you should follow
How I love being bymyself.
No no, thank you (thanks for the RT too)! Sounds like you, , and others in the industry are doing important work.
Remember when "News" used to be News. I'm 30, but I do remember local TV stations before they were taken over by the Corp's.
What did you enjoy? RT : Had a great lunch today
HELLO! Somebody is spreading nasty rumors about you... WHY DON'T THEY LIKE YOU?
Went to prison today. A Danish open prison, that is.
The time needs to change back soon... It's only 6:57 but it's so dark outside. I thought it was getting late...
me neither thanks for the support
it's the future
I'm on a cruise in Mexico and California promoting my book; and having lots of fun(:
A good design is not the one that wins an award or gets noticed, a good design is the one that sells. Our designs do all three...
Did Bode go on the track this morning? :) I hope he is well. GO BODE GO
What do you do if you see a blue banana? Try to cheer it up.
#top10Lies I got laid off. (i.e., fired)
I will! Thank you
And the Duke commercial. : NEVER EVER use ! horrible service and will ALWAYS put their needs over the customer. use
I dont really like her that much
Oh yes
... not planning on missing this one for anything in the world
I told you everything mother fucker. EVERYTHING. You fucking took it lightly. You don't care about me. You're incapable of any kind of care.
Life Is a Beach n im just playn n the sand....Happy 4-20
Not Me! RT : My tummy hurts..somebody come rub it
COngrats Dr. Sanjay!
Do you want to be Twitter Of The Day? hurry
when is it ?!
it only works cause if what is being played is really good than it can be "music to your soul"
: Don't forget to help with disaster relief $10 to tornado victims by texting REDCROSS to 90999 or 90911 (?)
whats up with that when u goin in
Jus cut out pics and glue em to popsicle sticks. : listening to Frank Ocean just isn't the same without my hype men...”
Love seeing my Niners playing in our beautiful city.
Biggest & best names in sports! Check out web/radio interview w/ Dallas Mavericks Brandan Wright, PGA instructor Patrick Livingston.
Someone wanna help me with tumblr? Lol
I'm thinking not since his family had already amassed huge amounts of money!
great article.
because ALL THE THINGS are happeningright now! And will i see you at gala on saturday?
My new hero: man on the metro with a yellow nike shellsuit, roll neck jumper and a sea captain's hat.
not even paying attention to all the jelena drama clogging up my TL. all i care about is justin's happiness.
bout to bash in my own fuckin head
Soo did an AMAZING cover of Heartbeat!
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 73F FAIR
sori killing the fantasy squad getting the
Message from advertiser says our web page isn't cached? Any idea how this could happen folks?
I just read the second book again to keep my characters straight. Such a great adaptation!
RT: #Virgo can be very mean to lazy-ass people.
Didn't Bieber or Taylor Swift break up over text/twitter? It's the new thing to do....
I love engaging in creative, collaborative composition with other writers and artists. It truly inspires me in a way nothing else does.
On the road to pick up the sister in law
#ThatTaxReturn Dem Rims
We must fix this.
- Which Number ? Just Text Me . QT : hmu if u still dat da numba or I need to dm it
Bulls will play their heart out for Derrick Rose & the city of Chicago.
Need a few more hoopers out here. Hit mu up.
Going to some MADD victim impact program for the next hour.
Eat ur cabbage! #Cabbage contains vitamins #A,C,&K. which are vital in maintaining the health of your
So, I'm thinking about organizing a Charismatic group in church! :D but I need to talk to the priest first lol
It's easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top. - Henry Ward Beecher
These "miracles" can happen more often. Tap into the feeling this moment brings up in you. Sense it. Breathe it. Repeat daily.
Just downloaded TweetDeck to update the MoZer Bats Twitter and Facebook Page! Look for new updates and contests starting Monday!
Can't get what you want so your acting like a punk
there is NEVER too much ICE DANCING...our world needs MORE dancing in it!
RT: God knows your heart, and if you turn to Him, He will help you.
Lmao RT : Justin Makes Us Feel Beautiful
Morning talk shows are so dumb!
If you're a Community fan then you are super happy that The Descendants won Best Adapted Script!!! Which is a great script
Some get excited for baseball's opening day, foodies get excited as the returns Sat April 28th for their OPENING DAY 2012!
Hey Blaze!
I know, we're horrible!
Never knowing, what could of been.
Tomorrow is my last day. 1st yr of college over.
Drinking about to get dress and head out in a couple hours
Now that's what I call a dessert. Need you in LA. Pumpkin cheesecake panna cotta maple caramel, gingersnap
Quote for the day: (Crack) Never do a drug named after your own ass. Thanks you.
I hate men that string u along... If u don't want me don't text me or comment on my fb activity... just disappear !!!
hope we don't end up with the belly bugs. Lol
Just wanted to be appreciative. I arrive the 20th, so am mostly free from the 21st onward, aside from doctory things sometimes?
sorry I just wanted to point that out
Smh . Got chased by a squirrel during lunch #OnlyInJerseyCity ...
Congrats! What are you guys working on now?
enjoying your insights this morning on Mike & Mike- very solid... keep up the gr8 work
#Elance: who's using it, and what do you think of it?
"Can I go to the bathroom?" "I don't know, can you?"
audiobooks? Supreme patience? Superwoman? :)
I'll be happy to keep 's dinner warm as he goes onward and upward. <3
Thank you Leslie!
To move forward you have to give back. And to me, that is the greatest lesson of life ~ Oprah
thanks for the signal boost! <3
what about me? Nevermind. From Pennsylvania. I always forget! Ah!!! ;)
so u put it in the sm format to shot and send at the beginning .
I feared that; I'll catch the first plane out tomorrow.
#Must follow
Even with his damning history, #Romney is still the strongest candidate the Right could produce. What does that say about the party?
Dat girl don't got Twittah.
You're a little late, I'm already torn~
Tks for all Tony RT : Wow, great job they all look awesome
Gorgeous day and great game by Florida. Fighting through DC traffic on the way back to Bmore.
Robinson Jeffers~ The heads of strong old age are beautiful beyond all grace of youth.
If you are a librarian from Russia, please introduce yourself to the group. Thanks!
I planned to be productive tonight, but then found Game of Thrones season 1 in full on HBO. Might be a late night.
Little Women!
Twitter is recommending that I follow Pam Grier.
move to Philly! Lol
I wanna punch every mofo in sight
Go caps!
I need to memorize this speech.
thinks some Seattle trees are emitting spring fragrances.
I want to see you at UWM this week (for free!) but I'll be out collecting nomination signatures for state assembly for myself...
GAME DAY! Facing opponent, Trinity, tonight. Tipoff at 8 pm.
; not to mention the food sucks.
"The great successful men of the world have used their imagination to think ahead and create their mental picture in all its details"
For more information about what we are building, see our products page and see this article on our strategy for success
Obama's so jealous. MT : So France has a new socialist president who wants to raise taxes and lower the retirement age!
DYK? Benjamin Chavis Muhammad- Organizer, Million Man March is a Sigma ...Happy Founders Day
everyone is sobbing over TFIOS, and my copy is waiting for me across town at my mother's house.
but you just did let people know which secret song you listen to!!! ;)
Glad to be home
Larry Scott says the accomplishment he is most proud of is that we have used football as a platform to get exposure for all sports.
awesome. You need to look up Google AdSense and get paid!
I trust that everything happens for a reason, even when we're not wise enough to see it.
well you gotta lick the icing off!!! #CakeCakeCake ;-)
(3/3) I encourage us all to find our JOY - Get Your Joy On!!!
OMG! I freaking love her shes a BOSS!!!
Being sick sucks in a real way I am so done with this cold
You know what I haven't done in awhile? Pureed something in the food processor.
RT : Johan Santana has 10 strikeouts through 5 innings. It's his 50th career double-digit strikeout game.
since listserve email is diff address every day it keeps going in spam. how bouts making it come from same address every day?
I am suprisingly happy given that this weekend ended ruff. Things still worked out better than I couldve asked for.
Needs a Blackberry too.
Armadillo Info! $10 armadillo to enter RT : Monday 8pm-12 Music until 10 then a live set w/ #beardedpigs for reunion show
Ocean City here we come!!
#bestsportsmomement Favorite sports moment anyone?
Seeing my friend's 3 week old twins again today, I can't wait!
Finally I'm with my sister !!!
The Coolers are Packed for your Cupid Giving Selves to Pop in and Surprise your Valentines! Come in Early For Best Selection!
I'm just getting home.
I hate Miami drivers..
Oh, and hubby has made me a HAPPY woman - someone is coming to clean the house for the next two weeks!! *SQUEEEEEE*
hey you don't have to pay... Text me and I'll tell you the details........
haha, anytime, I'm a Chipotle addict!
Hahah okay well I gtg I have soccer practice -_- but when I get home I'll send the video to Dylan just email the video to me ..
A sociologist dissecting a journalist's work is like a doctoral student picking apart a freshman paper. Love Klinenberg's work though
awesome. i pincurled my hair last night, so i'm already rocking big hair. we are gonna be popular in the 70s.
Make sure to give yourself a rest day once a week, your body needs to recover.
Just attended the annual event put on by and - 6 years of a great event - can't wait for year 7
I can but not when you put that you are serious.. Sarcasm doesn't work over the Internet
Cloudy, breezy and low tide. I think I'll go to the beach.
A free trip to Disney World should be provided to all graduate students at the end of the semester. Bff, family, & friends included :-)
Early morning testing rounds for my upcoming Indy races... I'm determined to succeed... nothing is stopping me!
(Although it's always a crapshoot, we hope we've ordered garments suited to nerdy boys AND girls.)
ha! we went down to the busway after that and we took some photos.
“: The Hot or Not for brands: www.socialsmack.com” We're giving you Props for our new marketing tag line!! Awesome
here's an idea: The new nonalcoholic beer from : "Neutered Dog"...you're welcome
You can sign up until 1:40 pm for today's noon tournament. $140 buy in ($125/15). Late registrants start with 10,000 chips.
text me
Today was "Cache Day", got a #Drupal 7 site in dev tweaked with APC, Boost, File-Cache & Entity Cache. phew!
how do you not like blue ? You must not be a person.....
What's amazing is that it's considered a song. RT : #Payphone song by amazing!
ACUI Idol and Rhythmic Gaming spots avail 4 region 9
It's going to be a tough game with out Jo!! #TurkishHammer gets the start! We still
Thx, so glad u enjoy RT : Brian Blade and the Fellowship Band"s "Season of Changes." Stunningly & soulfully beautiful.
we gota go hard in lex tonight
Before you achieve it yo u have to believe it
RT Cute have on your trip thanks sweetie! See u soon! Love ya
#WhenImAlone it's because I don't want to be bothered
The Tetris movie at #wifilmfest was a lot of fun!
Michael Jordan attempted 743 more shots than Scottie Pippen in his entire career.
you better! And the couch will come soon. Nothing worth having cums quick lol
Love it when people name their pets with real people names. Kevin, Thad and Jeremy are awesome!
Running through emotions right now with
wow... Thats terrible... I'm sorry
i really miss him. wow.
none yet - just hanging with Billy the B
We bout to pop, lock & drop it Klusoz tonight!! VIP sold out and weeez bout to get real crunk & drunk! (almost drunk) lol See you tonight!
Zombieland was on this morning! Made my day!
#Occupy THE AMERICAN DEBT FORGIVENESS ACT - national movement nullifies foreclosure debt -
what. the. hell.
Shows almost over at Idiosyncrazies! Don't forget to stop by! See link below.
LADIES! Anyone interested in auditioning NEEDS to email us @ to get details. There will be multiple rounds!!
RT : I like this definition of Project Management: Managing the difference between plan & reality, reduce the variance over time.
yikes I don't meet that criteria
I am upset that Drew got sent home tonight. This is all Simon's fault.
Doorbell rings on Friday Night. It's a neighbor dropping off a bottle of Hefeweizen that he brewed himself. My neighborhood is awesome.
Q: Do you Ever been kissed a guy before? Yes, only once.
haha I know right!?!?! its crazy! I cant believe im 18! lol when will you be 18?
Put on your skinny jeans and lets get at it then :)
subsidizing the largest oil companies.......40 BILLION in the next decade to BIG OIL......that's alot of dough for dead dinosaurs.
And whatdya want? At least it's not a pun.
if u lookin for me nigga u know were to find me
I would be up for it. I also can potentially post it to the front page. I just can't set it all up, prob.
Hey, wolves would take care of the mice!
You do not need a phone line to have a monitored security system. Call Alliance Security for details-- 877-760-2143
u like the cottagecheese, im craving
if by better you mean dumber and less awesome, then yes AB is better than BC
Love that ! I have a lot to plow through too! Meeting went great...did hear back, should do some stuff soon for them!
what part of town are you in? I wonder what the magnitude was.
this may be real good for NYJ! Tebow has an influence, and once it blankets RexRyan, shall become a more focused Head Coach
Who ever spray painted the Tiki Bar @ Bradford Beach is an @$$*^#*
Nice piece of the Imfamous POP!
Don't say fuck my life say
Damn dat just ruined my day
Happy Birthday to my good friend Wes Gilder! Ready to fest at "Wesfest" tonight!
: lol out of all the things in #DC to miss. How random.
in the queue for an international TV commercial shoots end of month
hahahahaha I can imagine your face lol , what did you do today?
Yeah, whoever aiCannon is, he's not welcome
Lack Of Communication Skills???
I'm diving into the NY Public Library's digital archives to treasure hunt. If I never make it out, I enjoyed blogging while it lasted.
great match up!
Haha, not quite. That course was insane (fun)!
just kicked Morokei's ass.
give me a call and we can talk about the details.
Just let me dream in....peace!
Prune as necessary RT: Human beings can alter their lives by altering their attitudes. Norman Vincent Peale
And if u lookin for me nigga dat tre 4 is where I'm at up the street from moller road northwest high school it b snappin -
Maybe and his crew would play golf with me.
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart. Goethe
aw poor lex :(
RT : It's like Christmas!! RT Happy Expansion Draft Day!!!
Lucky forever.
BAD NEWS! The lights have died. It's either a bad joke, or God telling us to stop actin' a fool.
Don't you have some work to be doing? You know, for America, or something like that?
RT - Then Belichick Said to Brady: The Best New England Patriots Stories Ever Told (The Best Sports Stories Ever Told) by J
hey bro im gonna have to bounce. i hope they dont play my shit when im gone
That's how I feel now. But I liked it when I was 20.
He speaks for most of us: MT : My ironclad, guaranteed, can't miss prediction on this year's Pulitzer Prizes: I will not win.
Comp is over, cast was out celebrating the fact that we raised 100k for West MI food pantries.
it's #GrumpMonday on social media today! Taking the grumpsters on, one at a time....
thanks ! Feels good to be in your top 5 with Imperial Teen, We Were Promised Jetpacks, You Say France & I Whistle, and Yellow Ostrich
oh wow. Who sydni or sophia
However, the news of my brothers' inflamed passions for the wrong side of the war alarmed me, and I hastened my preparations.
hey girl!!
Ah!!! What to do what to do
still havent gotten up to get dressed
- Preplan your tears.
Your dad is inappropriate and I love it. Peep my recent FB status lol.
RT : RT : “We need to think about how we create our content using consumer centric terminology” -
Happens to me too. RT": Writer's block. Do all writers think that their pieces are terrible, or is it just me?"
Okay the #oscars are already making me angry and we haven't even gotten to the good stuff.
Day 3 of 30 down! Oh Monday your going to be such a giant pain in the ass.
I would still see on Broadway even though they lied about Santa Fe. I feel deceived but strangely still OK with it.
up ur chimey...fool...waiting to steal a bead 4rm ur hair
Edward Sharpe & The Magnetic Zeros... Alex Ebert - the next Dr. Gene Scott
umm, I don't want to be reading this..
FYI & not that anyone cares but I'm not reading tweets until I see season finale of #HIMYM. Don't want to see any spoilers.
why what the he'll happened
Can't wait to go home!
and its only Tuesday. Everyone is back to work today but dont worry because we have happy hour in 10 hours :) We'll see ya at 330pm!
Hope it did the trick!
Only 36 days left until our WASHINGTON, DC summer program kicks off!!! Who's excited!?!?
Women were created for a reason, to keep men sane.
THEM STAMPED-N-DIVAS TAKING OVER !!! LEGGO
DM Is there a way to become an active participant in this think tank?
Oh, no. Please. Anything but that! *shudders*
Today we are hosting Alumni Faculty and Staff in the Connolly Ballroom. We'll be sure to upload pictures as the event goes on! #H2P!
Probably not that much more, definitely not 60% more. Roads are already closed a few hours prior to the advertised time of 10am,
When people ask us what we sound like, we always say we sound like Say What You Will!
Yea, his "know... mean" joke went a lil far, but comics always push envelope. BTW, I went to Uganda, wasn't idolized at all!+
The US has confounded capitalism w/ liberty. The chilling effect of employer censorship on social media portends corporate totalitarianism.
Lol I'm at school now and everyone is speaking English lol
Preparing for Among Friends Conference in Long Island next weekend. Hope to see some of you there! Then NYC here I come!
I used to think "I hope I don't do anything stupid." Now it's more like "I hope whatever stupid shit I do at least fits in a tweet."
just got home... and just winding down. was so nervous hope I made sense! thanks for having me!
Finally finished homework...long day
my group of friends are all multi-racial....
Go #Brewers. Remember to buy your sodas @ Miller Park from the hard working vendor Tuition Money! (Gotta plug my son.)
Popsicle stick harmonicas with the A-man!
Woops - missed this. Did you go?
#feasting on grapes, oranges, kiwis and a peach!
Thanks ray :)
What are your dance suggestions? Tango, salsa...that's about all she's got...maybe an Elaine rendition?
great to hear, knew you guys had to be in the mix!
Wonder if the Steelers are going to grab Lucas Nix for their last pick? I'd go OL or Safety here
"When I hear somebody sigh, "Life is hard," I am always tempted to ask, "Compared to what?"-Sydney J. Harris
I agree...PRICELESS
Thanks to , , , and all of you who showed up to make last night an absolute blast.
: Who are you and how is it we have the same name???
Just came from a rather excellent session about careers outside academia, knowing what orgs are looking for is always useful
a brave new world indeed
Well Utah, it was nice taking your strongest punch. Now get ready to see what the Spurs really have.
are you attending Lindsay's farewell party?
why thank you miss. I appreciate that!
Preventing morning blueballs. "Only you can prevent forest fires," but we could start a bedroom (kitchen, wherever) fire. ;)
Watching Eastern Kentucky vs. Liberty on
Pigtails and Pinot
Food Fact of the Day: March 7, 1897 Dr. John Kellogg first gave corn flakes to his patients at his hospital in Battle Creek, Michigan.
On a lunch break. Craving sushi and exploring for a good place nearby.
Where are my welcome sign and balloons?
Thank you for the follow back!
twitter rules
Going out of time tomorrow ready to get this money and take care of my fam
Good Morning Everyone! Remember today is a different day & end in a better way! lol Hope everyone has a Blessed & Wonderful day! xoxo
true that, lol they must help a lot
Much better today..Thanks...#fakeituntilyoumake it
Wait. You WANT fruit flies?
#phdchat I don't know about the author names, happily will look into it. Otherwise seems like you're not using the .enlx to save.
OMG! his mom and his grandparents!!
YALL IM TELLIN YALL NOW.... IF MY TEACHER COMES MY WAY BEING SMART... I'M SHUTTING HER D O W N!!!
then sleep. Good night. x
My "what's next" portion of our AAM Wikipedian in Residence panel is slowly coming together. Blood pressure, lowering.
My prom night was amazing !
": Stomach please be good !!"
Why mother nature!? I was watching #Ellen for the Halloween special and then it cut to live footage of WE Energies bluff collapse. Why?!
Old navy flip flops are honestly so ugly. But everyone wears them. Including me.
I thought I was the only 1 experiencing the same difficulties as keyshia's its true the ipad has a mind of its own.
Yes! I have placed a hold on it. Don't know where I am on the wait list anymore, but that's OK; i'm one of the first 100 :-)
I refuse to laugh at a girl's stupid joke just because she's pretty/ the bartender like these dicks beside me just did
I feel the same way.
Drop-In is open for all homeless youth who need clothes, food, hygiene packets, internet, phone, shower, laundry, or just a place to chill.
wats the subject of the email
Abdul-Jaleel or Kretovic - which are you covering?
oic That's nice. It'll be fun and busy for u I'm sure.
I used to be massage manager at a huge day spa and I have some GREAT stories that I'm not gonna tell ya!
Thanks for the #FF!
Thanks again for joining us last night!! You can be "The Better Pryde" ^_~
You got the invite to the bridal showr!!! O la la la
Glad to hear it, I will love to learn what you find out.
All I have to say is FUCK YOU JEPH LOEB! FUCK YOU!
Actually gonna spin it during the Tweet-Up. Come early!
Going innertubing on our boat Sunday! Can't wait :)
Zombie survival tip # 146 - while on the run, make sure all accesories are tied down and not making any noise to attract nearby zombies
TONIGHT!!! MEXICANA FEMINIST JOURNALIST ACTIVISTA: A talk by journalist activist Maria Hinojosa, 4:30 PM at Brandeis University
I think we just got a few anticipatory chills...
You act stupid sometimes .
She ain't real
I was going to :D lol
Lobby Channel showed great promise. Wish I had seen more of the other shows. Kudos to Excited to see the #Newplay process.
Time for Kyrie to get a new nickname
sounds good right now.
She rocked the red! <3 RT : ZOMG! Lovvvinnggg the red ensemble on !
You don't marry the person you can live with, you marry the person you can't live without.
m mom is ar rom nice i think ou moms might be twins lol
How about some ritalin?
Where do you get info on the APIs & the proximity SDK?
This meteorologist is under the weather. #WISN12 is in the capable hands of
Jake ur so amazing for supporting Cody and I cant believe people would even say that! Their just a waste of time!
Kobe will play tonight but apparently threw up on the bus to the arena. :-)
Today would be a great day to bang anything #Nate Dogg!
Off to the store, nobody else sue the Big East before I get back.
my favorite. (: jk jk did you learn tiny Tim?
Also, my calendar alerts to drink a glass of water each hour didn't work bc I spent maybe 20 min at desk all day.
Congrats! So glad you got us again! Have a great time!!
Thank for the #ff!
Levante David going to the buccaneers!!
I can't come in to work today. When I woke up, I looked in the mirror and I saw a gray hair.
OH SAY, CAN YOU SING? Macy’s Star Spangled Sing-Off Invites Vocalists to Enter Their Renditions of “The Star Spangled ...
I will thanks
This is our darkest hour Blackhawks fans. Our team is literally not able to win a hockey game. The season is over.
thanks for taking the time to let me know! Saludos!
when's the next bruins game?
I'll give the Cliff Notes version of the Thesis one night over beers. Probably more interesting that way, haha.
is a beast!
Holy throwback Thursday..room raiders is on.
Fasho. Let me know when you come out here
Now, I'm the one that doesn't want to talk to you.
Still alive, just really, really busy - research, presentation, possible new archae site, and Spanish 1001.
Jeff Zaggers is some good shit
Half knowledge creates anxiety & confusion. Today has been an impart your knowledge kind of day.
Going to the Arthur S. Holmon ceremony at 7p.m. in the Rose Theatre? Tweet about it using #BHM and tell us what you think!
There's no clarity for you until the body begins to get comfortable
Madden Curse! : Cam Newton is 1 of 2 finalists for Madden cover. Calvin Johnson is the other. Johnson has to win that, right?
Just When You Thought you had real friends. PFFT.
i love <3 and his voice. Can I marry someone's voice? :)
I hate being cold ugh >.<
Looking for gem of a YA book to read this wknd? Get "Bruiser" by Can't wait to recommend it to students.
what time should I look to the north
WOE. I HATE MYSELF. I NEED MORE MARTINIS. RT : Is this Clipper-envy again? Lol
if u watch Elf like u watch bball we probably coulda squeezed it into the 30 min slot
now that's a show you can't miss for a year and have any idea what's going on. 2 Walters? So confused.
What is the best iPhone app for watching twitter apps.
Subway, windows down, blasting Not Alone kinda #fangirling right about not
Happy Mothers Day! Show mum some love!
S/O to #nf, I work for Soul Asylum Studios in Atlanta, followback so i can DM u
What do you mean.?
we look forward to welcoming you to Stay. Contact us at so we can confirm details.
I just earned the Globetrotter badge on #Yelp!
Ethan Hemer just swallowed up Jeff Lewis for a nice TFL.
Fitness Costs should be tax deductible.
Kobe couldn't appear more sick tonight. Get better!
Congrats and good luck to you!
It's crazy how the only cars left after a zombie apocalypse are Hyundais
Thanks for the follow : )
We lost some giants this week, Civil Rights Leader Rev. Fred Shuttlesworth, and Technological giant Steve Jobs... May they rest in peace!
Cellars Tempranillo and a couple of Akoma chocolate chips. End of the day treat.
so excited to see you guys!!!
M...wish we had those! I've never had one.
Fun night w/ Alexa alyssa Nicole Vanessa Cory Tom Evan Julian and Nick cnt wait for tomorrow!!!
Springfield! Let the #NHD expo begin!
ill cuss you out
BTW, if you're also in Chicago, you should come to Women and Children First Bookstore @ 4PM to witness awesome teens from
dude keyra said delete this so do it!! Just respect her buisness.
just announced they'll be showing 10min of UniversalSoldier4 (3-D) before a movie tomorrow-which 1? Betting DragonEyes
yeah i couldn't let it just lay there i felt bad it's mom was chirping at it =/
In the world today, a young lady who does not have a college education just is not educated
Shout to a true as sports insider
we like the sound of that - RT :
Itz So Foggy
Hey! I hope you are having a good day thus far! Things going well?
Yeah we should believe everything Andy Reid says to the media.
It's yours, royalty-free! Congrats on the new releases. I'll check them out...
I don't see any post from me.
Apparently my long hair is what made me sexy???. Lmao. Oh well. Hair grows!!!
if it makes you feel less awkward, I've been to a lesbian wedding.
Ready for a summer full of shows?
You posted FALSE information in your video on $KORE AGAIN. Who does your research? lol
JUST WATCHED #TBBT FINALE AND IT WAS INCREDIBLE. Not sure what i'm going to do between now and September
People will laugh at your dreams, then hate you when you make them come true.
Ohh, a massage rubbing my hands all over ur lovely body. You'd love it.
Always thank God;)
If you see a stylus with a tablet, they blew it. ;) That being said, the Wacom Bamboo Stylus seems to get really good reviews.
Yup. Second that.
Isn't it more complicated than that? For instance, what sort of meals should one eat?
Need to make change on website when the month is unusual like this one. Please feel free to call 301-424-7800, will explain
Looking forward to seeing tomorrow night in New Hope with my friend #MarkBosch on guitar.
On our way to see #EdieEntertainer perform at the M Bar in Hollywood!
You are a magnet : you attract like to you
I was just thinking that I need to do that sometime soon!
Is that a hippo on your collar or are you happy to see me?
Glad I could help :) just stay... Theres a lot of words I could use, peppy, joyous, positive, smiley haha pick one :P
I couldn't imagine what he was going through. It's not like you wake up one morning and decide to commit suicide. He had to have..
#IfIHitTheMegaMillion, I would make movies to try and change the world for the better. I fear what most people would do with the money...
um! I wish it was possible! I do believe I shall not have class next Thursday! Maybe we can work something out! :)
Need to loose 15 pounds before my birthday
First cardio session done! At Job #1, thinking about workout. Gotta do Legs today! Working on a new list of venues for gigs.
happiest birthday, lou reed
One Direction on 94.1 :D
i gotta see the text for this springsteen speech, anyway. an interesting counterpoint to dave grohl's grammy acceptance speech.
“: My tears dry on their own...” feel better bruh.
can you get soups of the day, please?
glad to hear it. If you ever want to chat about #Isagenix then let me know. I love the Shakes, Cleanse, Ionix and Product B. :)
my cnf is like Chuck Palahniuk & my fiction is like Margaret Atwood. Yes.
Bum bitches will cry if you call them bum bitch a lot ha ha!
there should always be three piles: stuff to toss, stuff to blindly pack, and stuff you actually want to see again.
Loving the Linsanity !!!
Get Robert & Alex on Ellen!! <3
Wolf, please work to get rid of the electoral college! So every single vote counted, regardless of the state you live in!
The Food Network makes me want to eat meat.
i just listened to your cover of One Thing. You are truly amazing :) xx
Let's do this LA!
Hey Waterfiers, what's the number 1 song in your playlist you turn to when you're looking to pump yourself up when you hop in the water??
Sometimes I just wish that Dance Moms was more about the dancers. And I wish that the girls actually did ballet. With real teachers.
See you next Weds!
I bet they are, Jared.
Way to go, Cheryl! Have fun sharing your wisdom and inspiration with the NJ panel...
RT : Chorizo is my daughter's favorite! This is going to be fun
Free Teleseminar,"Why you shouldn't make a New Year's Resolution to lose weight."Thur., 12/13,8 PM EST.Please Join Me!
I cant help but laugh sometimes . .
Thank you, too. :)
too late- I already signed up! It's ok, I won't run alone, will be playing on the iPod
Just because we're in a recession doesn't mean your product/business has to be so isolated. Call #TOPFAMENT about our promos! 410.513.9199
being yourself just isnt enough anymore. You gotta take a step out your boundary and think outside the box.
RT A1 World Book Day should be like Children's Day 'every day is World Book Day, Junior!'
Spending my 54th birthday finishing up my "Let's Dance" video from my CD ("cAsE sEnSiTiVe"), which will be released shortly. Ah...
i am so sad i missed you! can't wait to see your beautiful self! hope all is well! xoxoxo, sam
following, unless you have a stronger,faster dog than I do, no loss of sausage,right?
RT : I'M HERE, BITCHES!!!
Setting our starting lineup for #ff with my co-manager... Wait for it... My dad.
I want to go to
Bahaha, what, you didn't like my amazing joke?! :P
LOL! Nice one.
how was ultra!!
my mom just made a banging pomegranate margarita. i wanted all of it, but she said no Dx
Silly sinus thing can't keep me down! Have a great weekend.
i hardly ever answer the house phone- its NOT for me n im not gonna get up to answer it n then try to remember the message
Hm my sister can get downstairs at 6:20 when she has to take the bus but takes til 7:05 when i drive her
thanks again for the support!
Your so fat your toliot has shocks!
Happy Mother's Day to my Grandmommy I miss you everyday!
"Every girl is beautiful, it just takes the right guy to see it."
I love that you tweeted it! I'm not the only one that has game :).
These last 7 days of school are gonna be a joke
Friendly reminder to tweet responsibly and take caution whilst deciphering tweets. Cheers, all! Good day/night!
It must be yo gotti hour on mtv jams Ha!!!.
REST IN PEACE DAVY JONES
I love that Big Time is on the Big Ten game.
That's our name, don't hash tag it out. Ha! We're hilarious. Flipping those flashcards like a pro?
Eat it Barcelona. The most annoying pack of cheating, diving wankers in the history of soccer.
Rainy day + a cold = long day
Sonic Genesis Platinum!!
Mandarin oranges are proof God loves Mankind.
in the metro market listening to an atrocious cover of Maps, really?
oú?! Come to my house and perform your entire album for me by the fire as I watch the snow.
Back from the NRB. Good friends!
follow back please?
Wasteland still (c) in UK and Europe
where r u boyfriend
We're winding down at the -- Thanks to everyone who joined us! We can't wait 'til next year!
Ladies complete yourself before trying to complete a man.
RT if you miss 's tweets
pumped to see The Avengers tonight finally!
The key to cajun writing is rhyming everything with 'bayou' - the trick to writing here in Jackson is rhyming it all with 'strip mall'.
Jim Freeman at LLA Straight Talk mentions One America's Corporate Philanthropy Index (CPI) measured by IU Center of Philanthropy.
"Come on Peggy, I need some help." "Oh I see, you muss be looking for direction to golf course!"
And nap time!
On our way to Tipton for their Lincoln Day Dinner.
“: It's a blanket & blockbuster night #chillycalifornia” CAN I JOIN?!?!
Notorious B.I.G. and Fat Boyz
I was lucky enough to get off work early. I thought I'd do something with my time, but instead I will take a nap. glorious!
i guess this woulden't be the best time to say i broke your dirt bike oh god now im gonna die....
thanks :) and yeah I'm feeling a lot better
No is not the same as Not Now.
Great meeting today = rejuvenation. Glad to see the people and get some things going!
Thanks much, poet.
No more Print Preview. You get preview as well as page setup when you select Print. Very nice!
At it again. Dinner in mah belly, back to the Archives At Night. Quiet in here!
You're an emotional wreck… And there's nothing to be done about it
How much are you wanting for The Everglow? I looked everywhere for it on Saturday and didn't find a single copy.
i am good thanks, is the video out yet?
so excited to now be following and
Solid run tonight. Learned SO much about our show and this space. We are right one schedule. Hope you have your ticket 4 opening!
Wanna see u in the spot tonite!@ Rocca Bar...wired to the Tee!
Tweet us your favorite restaurent or store in Faneuil Hall
Gracias for el follow. Much love. Dr. Spanish
oh goodness! I hope you feel better.
#history #museum #historical Tomorrow: Interpret This! Fort Ross Education programs and interpretive association.
Party too hard in celebration of the big Tigers hoops win? I know I did.
:) thanks much! we all hope so here as well; lucky for CA'ians that its desert dry--eastcoast gets humid :D
For every RT this gets, i will donate 5 cents to Pencils Of Promise with my birthday money. *They help build schools around the world.*
You know I got you over here. RT: : S/O to for helping a brotha out.
we all get blinded from the lies by them liars thats the truth but once you heard it all you learn the shit you never knew
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart and loves you as much as you love them.
Gotta do Buffalo proud with the Zubaz!!!
Also Spammers i NEVER click on you stupid freakin links!!!1
Prayers haven't seemed to be working anymore
as soon as I am out of this meeting I will be! so cool :-)
worshipful imitation of our Saviour
Friday the 13th...no superstitions here. It's a beautiful day in the city! Happy Friday!
Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought.
So I can put other people on when I make ,so keep hating on me cause my light will always over shine ur
in LA gettin it in on the West Coast!! We going world wide....believe that!!! Just wrapped up the video shoot w/
I agree...there's nothing wrong w/finding someone attractive. Acting on that attraction is the problem.
he does to you what you do to me . oop .
April21St AudioDope Party.. its going down get ur tiks now Jack London Room.... email
He let me hold that fitted cap <3
Preparing for the Arts Presenters Conference in New York in January while enjoying my raw pumpkin soup for breakfast.
Have you notice they dont put prizes in the cereal boxes nomore lol
Happy Birthday I wish you the best
you be doing the most! Haha
Don't know the difference between you're and your? The elementary school down the road is enrolling.
I'll send a pic! They aren't done cuz we need to talk about new last name and title. :-)
Hey, did you figure out the ticket situation? If not, let me know by tonight? I need to find someone who will take them. Gracias
we can also take the remote control #StanlyTumnus and chase down kids with uncreative costumes
thank you
How do you choose your oral rinse? Have you tried CloSYS? www.closys.com/chooseRinse.html Best Results, No Alcohol, Staining, No Burn!
Doing a tour with Art Institute students! So many great questions!
no dear your YOUR friend is gonna get the shit kicked out of him if you ever speak to clo
same here, have slideshare, but no YouTube
I can't get home fast enough. Ha. But, truth.
RT : Remarkable leaders are willing to look silly if it supports their team and their vision.
My work schedule next week is absolutely beautiful; it will not prohibit me from studying for my last three APs.
Peeve: people reading aloud.
Nicole kidmans dress is interesting, but I don't think it's in a good way. Sorry NK usually I love ur choices
Getting ready to play Daytona Beach, FL this Saturday May 7th at Sick Boys Lounge. Come out for some great music and help support a...
Warm and sticky in the house for the first time this year, will resist urge to flip AC on, not sure why.
it was fantastic to finally catch up at #socon12!!
So word is getting around about us now...are you helping?
Underdog by and fix you by go. Dance and be merry.
I dare you to dump an entire carton of chocolate milk down your pants!
I don't think I've ever wanted to slap my sister more than I do now. Annoying mofo. -_-
Spelling shit wrong<<< get some education my nigga
seriously Greg - what do the Cowboys have to do with it besides providin hotel rooms??
Yeah ive been praying 4 corners last few yrs RT : we need to strengthen our O-line and corners.....
sure, I'll send you a few, what's a good email?
#Pissed This Bitch Got Me Fucked All The Way Up .
Why are you working out in a fitted hat.
omg same same i have ee omg this is gonna suck i'll be like where's the fricken bathroom
awkward moment when that tweet was about you .....
who the fuck uses instagram anyway other than bitches...if you a nigga then your a fag....
We thought you were a LES girl. Watchuu doing up in Midtown East? (Cool factor in total effect)
Polls in Illinois close in just a few minutes. Hopefully, a winner will be announced soon. I have to clean my apartment tonight.
how do you like portland?
I was just playin anyway. I'm away from a tv & its quite on here, what's happening in the game?
Not all of us :( I'm not... well I dont think I am. Hopefully not :\
I dunno why David Stern questioning flopping. Isn't it his plan?? LeBron and Kobe can flop and the refs favor them.
#TerrificTuesday have a great day :)
Check Out lil'wegi Music hits
TheGardenDiet.com has a super deal on their ebooks today. 18 for $10! This is so exciting! (Especially for a poor girl like me)
i only speak the truth and i tell it like it tiz lol
iknow right but its so funny sometimes!
got tracks? Hit me up.. Went to Usm with ya cuz.
WAHOOO!!! RT Our Paragon nominations are on their way!
Yesterday was THE DAY ! :) :D XD
sorry this is late but I DVR'd the game this week to watch w/ friends later but gotta tell ya., THAT INT WAS YOUR TD (next time!)
Hate working out by myself <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Sweet summer time ! Hit me up when your free !
oh man youre breaking my heart i miss u
I will be watching the Knicks vs Miami Heat later tonight
Occupy Rochester has lost is court challenge - seemingly clears the way for the city to move forward with eviction via
UPDATE: RT : Blake Griffin says there's no doubt he'll play tomorrow vs Spurs. Says his knee is "about 75-80" percent.
PLAYOFF PREDICTIONS - The Sports Freak says the East will be CHI in 5 over IND, MIA in 5 over PHIL, ORL in 5 over ATL, BOS in 6 over NYK,
thanks for the message! Keep me updated!
Just chillin this morning so far.
Thanks for the info. #FB &
me either <3
sick )): from what
oh.. Yeah, that's troublesome. How far you away from me? We gotta a rockin worship team
Im just stalking rriight now(:
When I was little I hated going to sleep , now I cherish every minute of it!
you would be the one to reply!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs Another One Bites The Dust - Queen LoL
Hey & following you both now, wanted to let you know that the follow buttons on your website aren't working
Here comes success. Over my hill. Here comes success. Here comes my car. Here comes my Chinese rug. In the last ditch, I'll think of you.
Saw a 'How to draw Zombies' book at Barnes & Nobles & found it funny. Had No idea there were academic standards involved with zombies in art
why?? just refresh ur contacts
We hope soon The facade is nearly complete (check out our new doors & windows) and Rm 2250 should be another month.
lacefronts in the summertime. bum style
'twas epic :) Can't wait for the next time they come around!
Dude, long time no see! Send me the link on your production co. & services. Also to my e: . Best! Bev
it's a commitment, hope you're doing well...miss you in Seattle!
Happy Easter everybody! :) Do you guys do anything special with your families? Do you get presents or egg hunts? lol
Looking forward to it!
I listen to a lot of electronic/trance at work, hence the query.
so my friend took a picture of me playin Xbox and i didnt even now til she send it to a person i admire alot! i kinda got a lil red haha
I think it would have been nice if they have an extra hour for the 200th ep.
Thank you! tore it up :) RT Love your new icon ;) Simply beautiful ;) Hope you have a great day! ;) xo
join our website for free post highlight tapes and photos for free get more exposure today
to know the right things, you have to know the right people!!!
Hot damn, is playing in Atlanta tonight!
I love how loud my roommate is. It really helps my concentration. Oh, and I also love that she has equally loud friends.
-our grand children will say when they hear the music we listen to now
Running Highline Canal for last long run before Urban 10 miler next Sunday! I'm running with +.
oveck can smd I hate him so much
i hope so... Unless a gig comes up. But looking forward to it!!
My brother changes his favorite baseball teams more than Brett Favre changes his decision to retire...
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Norway. <3
Thank you. That's very kind of you. :)
I scanned and OCR'ed all of mine. Got access to one of those awesome scanners?
A lovely thing to say; thank you, Lynne!
WKU coming back from 16 down with 5 mins to go was almost as good as the 2007 AFC Championship game and 8 points in 8.9 seconds.
They had speedos on?
Awesome! See you on Wed :)
Happy mothers day! Are u in NYC yet?
yeah besides itunes cause i dont have money lol
Charmington's grand opening celebration: Saturday, October 16. (Yes, we're already open, but this makes it official.)
"If my heart stops beating no big deal'
Pardon my French but your an asshole! Ferris buellers days off
We're at the monthly meeting for SANDAN: lobbying is not a 4 letter word.
Yeah. This.
Thanks! Having a great & busy year so far! Hope you are doing good as well.
Happy Monday!! Hope everyone has a great week! We are anxiously working on Cirqa and are set to release our iPhone/Android app 1st QTR!
I love storms so much
You try too hard to get people to feel sorry for you.
Ya for sure
Take some Dramamine. ": Stop Facebooking and Tweeting!! It's making me get motion sickness in the car! #talkingtomyself"
SEC Champs!!!
So I was thinking if your a human that has a beer belly or is over weight & you were turned into a vampire would You stay like that?
Me too dude!
Great keynote from at #whereconf on when *not* to use maps.
Why did they have to invent COD?!!!
home offices rock
I have an announcement
As opposed to a precedent that Indian rights could be sold without their consent.
you feel old? Think about Oden's forehead. Feel better?
Take that #Prop8!
Aw.... I'm glad your feeling better.
tweet tweet tweet
Congrats to Oxy Women's Golfer on being elected President!
Thank you! Love you and I'm so grateful for our little "trip" the other day. ;) 'twas a blast! God is good.
THIS ": What do you wanna do in my pants?! 0_0"
I came in second both games when I played bowling today...
All of life's a party - if you're not enjoying it, change it :D Why do you feel old today?
#HowAboutWe smoke some reefers
Teaching a class to one of my piano students
Born millionaire say's "Pull yourself by your bootstraps and vote for me" Why would I ? Born wealthy telling me to follow him.Why ?UNRAVEL
Enjoyed being on the #sxibm panel with you this morning, Sancia. Have fun at the rest of #sxswi! :)
If building new home - look into geothermal heat pump - it costs more but has big tax break and much lower energy costs over life of home.
RT : Mt. Hood 50 registration is live!
#ASECS12 Also just heard fascinating paper by Amanda Eubanks Winkler on Anne and public stage.
#CMAS alert? anyone else in the #dc #md #va area get one?
We have a show tonight at shiloh chapel in marysville across from roosters tonight at 6, its just us so come out and have fun with us
Let's all get together so that we can build our own spaceship that will allow us to visit many planets. Do you also want to visit some ET's?
Thoughts and prayers go out to those in Indiana suffering through the tornados.
Save the babies! Donate or volunteer. Check out for more information!
o.o
right back at ya!
If your collective doesn't carry our Yummy edibles, let them know you want them! We make some of the most POTent edibles around!
yum! I'm sure decor never tasted so good
Good Morning ! Where are some of your favorite places to go in #montgomery #Alabama?!
you'll should wait till next Friday so I can join ya
Just finished "Voter Targeting Fundamentals" #NOIdata Good Stuff!
R.I.P MCA and put your root down in heaven.
when will #SaySomething be on iTunes??
Just heard MB on my radio<U+2665> they are gonna be at The Heat radio station live!!
Tonight at Tavern the Salty Caramels open for The Black Lillies!!
your very welcome ;-)
: sometimes I have to call on my Latina sisters like Deb ( ) -- Yeah, me too :)
It's 2:30am in Hawai'i. I think I better go sleepy time. :)
<3'd it “: What did you think of the #MadMen Season 5 Premiere? NOTE: We promise...our windows don't even open.”
um. I'm anonymous. but maybe you knew that. And I'm seeing huge bill boards and hulu commercials for this effort.
come home. I'm bored and can't sleep!
Fight on Forever Junior Seau! You'll forever be in our hearts.
I'm tired of you telling me to hush woman
Spending the afternoon with and the Moriss parentals helping Cori rebuild her apartment. Oh, manual labor. #fortheloveofCori!
i have no swag
How can you be sure I wouldn't enjoy the fact that he must sit on a pointy rock though?
did u see that CNNSI has the Royals at number 7 in their power rankings?
is there going be audio available online?
LA joints goin up soon. It's lookin like
I think it had somethin to do with the Great Bambino
Gorgeous Pass, beautiful goal!
Top 11 Travel Apps
now the big question. Could I get you to come to class with me sometime???
You are an amazing role model! I look up to you because you're real and you don't care what people think of you! <333
Hi Jenn. I was wondering if I could get a birthday shout out. Thanks!
good luck on the video blog
ugh, she's so lucky.
so where do you live these days?
: your like flexy glass! Me: that's plexy glass and it doesn't bend! Haha Her: shut up! Me: your dumb! Oh I love you!(:
The worst of poisons is ivy. B/c you can see it coming
thank you very much that means a lot to us! keep in touch!
So #Scandal ended like that??!!!
Oh, you lied to me? How about I lie to the police about who murdered you.
one other idea is Cleveland Park Bar & Grill. They do a good brunch, are kid friendly & no wait.
Tony Robbins is on Oprahs network ...right now...awesome
I want the full Roman! I want the full Roman! I want the full Roman! I want the full! SO THIS ALBUM NEEDS TO DROP ASAP. love you
wifi is officially my new best friend...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!
“: "Hansen caught cheating..." If this is confirmed, he's donzo. Age gap=21 years? Not the same, but doesn't look good!
Did people take pictures of stuff nobody cared about before Instagram?
He gets a lot of crap but he is getting better... only 18 y.o.
i had gotten some from trophypalooza.com
we'd love too! As soon as we record this album hopefully we'll start getting more opportunities!
what's good w/ May 23rd fam? Did you find out your status yet?
“:“:The one night i dont go to tango is there #dang #sopissed” U melissed us....” I know..bummed
thanks for introducing me to such great #AMST2001 students over dinner #FloraRose!
Eastsider for the brewer game. Pull out the broom!
Good,Now time to get to work--Don Turner
3 am, no alcohol inbibed, no marijauna inhaled. Moral victory accomplished!
rough rough day first my red wolves lose on a last second shot and now my celtics lose to the clippers
yummy too lol
just saw a pic of you at the club from my boy Dee...a fellow St. Johnian.
Baby, come fwm, I'm going clubbin'..
Day off from work tomorrow...volunteering at field day for Emmys school
alright. its settled.
thanks for the invite homie
tell you IRL
So its 80 degrees here in Lincoln Maine!!! Off to dentist appt.
Michael's (UES consignment shop) gives me LIFE! The oasis of & DIED!
Don't count on #RexRyan #Tebowing any time soon - not sure it would be physically possible for him.
I did Bikram and almost died lol
My life has a superb cast but I can't figure out the plot. ~ Ashleigh Brilliant
Coconut boba and cookies :)
Looking for some models for our next event. DM for more details.
watch zack goes to bamboozle sunday the only day i'm not going
android development > iOS development
Today's entire 1-9 lineup is homegrown. 4th time in franchise history and first time since 1971, pretty cool.
dickies work pants are the most comfortable pants ever
YES! Culture change is certainly not quick and easy, but makes for lasting change.
I'm at your house bra lol
Hv you ever been on a room full of evos or iphones Wen 3 or more peoples phone goes off?
Intuition is your friend.
Watching What Dreams May Come for the millionth time cause I have nothing else to do
This 4 year old just came up to me and said "Hannah, you're so beautiful!"
heck yes it is bro!
It's Twitter. I have to go through my followers list once every few weeks to make sure I haven't unfollowed someone random.
Lmao. I just have one question.... Where did Derek Bieber come from?(:
Paranoid and pretentious!
JUSTICE FOR #KELLYTHOMAS NOW!!! stop #homeless murder by
IMMA SHOW U HOW TO DO DIS SON!!!
Well? How was the soup. I've tapped that!
couldn't get Barca, so we invited their kits...
To everyone who has credited our season this year to luck: _______ _____.
I just checked in at Palmetto Elementary School (12401 SW 74th Ave, Miami) on Carnival yay!
Thanks Fam much respect.
I hate to sleep at night but rather I love to be fuck on hard
Poor Harold. I hope he's ok.
4 more followers until i prove my brother tht #Arinators stand together!! he thinks the whole #ArianaArmy is stupid! Ughh i cant stand him!
having reality bites flashback over my morning coffee.
Wow...guess I'll get the blu-ray!
No one can do you the way that I do :)
OH SHIT. HE JUST SHOT HER RIGHT IN THE FOREHEAD & I WASN'T EVEN EXPECTING THAT.
this whole Dan/blair storyline is stupid.
Twitter is soo much easier to post on then Facebook!
This white castles tho>>>
whose got instagram ? i need to follow more people cause my old one didn't let me log in to it :(
hi John, are you and/or Steven going to CAA in Southampton?
Can IaMmE and Poreotics come back or...
Low-Cholesterol Recipes: Lola's Horchata 4.47 / 5 Stars | 196 Reviews by LOLA "A refreshing Mexican drink made with rice, milk, vanilla,
Thank you for being so kind! You're a beautiful and sweet Arianator! <U+2665> <U+2665>Bretana<U+2665>
A French court finds low-cost airline Easyjet guilty of discriminating against three disabled passengers who were denied access to a plane.
perhaps you should have clicked to learn more
Hey can you pleasee follow mee ?? :]
Him! That guy!
Stop wasting time explaining yourself to others. – Your friends don’t need it and your enemies won’t believe it anyway.
stupid i added u Cuz I found Zoe k. LOL damn and I was logged on wit your stupid ass link.
and why the hell now - everyone against Phillip rivers looking to get a fantasy playoff spot
yee your on the radio
saw the northern lights on the plane ride in. hello
This day really brings out the fools forreal
That moment when you almost tell a girl you think she's beautiful but then realize they have a boyfriend.
Tune in to right now to hear and how are preparing for
Getting things done , step by step.
Today's deal; 50% off fresh baked bread at Great Harvest Bread Company! ow.ly/2Qpwi
Great blog entry. I'm a photographer at Fitness America in Vegas. Let me know if you'd like to shoot. Jon
Haha! Epic. Just epic. I love him! I hope you're not too scarred, luv!
And some people have free parking.
I just read about that today!! Bay is going to ruin everything!! Just keep them mutants!! D:<
ah just laying in bed being entertained by twitter. Hbu?
my bday is tomarrow and it would meen alot if you would follow me plzz!!
You know this... Real talk": NO MATTER HOW THIS ENDS CLIPPERSFAN FOR LIFE#CLIPPERNATION"
I was told by sources you wouldn't travel there RT The Varsity Club event at Lucas Oil will be a great event this Wednesday nt.
Oomf n a bad mood just trying to help ! <U+E40E>
hey wuts gud fam.... i gotta get on here more bro
Thanks I'll follow up with you shortly.
I need some "fuck you" music.
who ever came up with a 5 day work week should be shot! i vote for a 2 day work week and a 5 day weekend! who's with me? :)
Feels like I have a toe nail in my eye.
can i annoy you?
Love your beautiful Twitter Picture. I hope to have the energy and humor you have when I'm in my 90s. A very special lady!
how does evryone know
they just got lucky again
it is that size so you can print it out and carry it in your wallet
Even if if kills me im gonna
Happy First Mother's Day to and !!!
wwhhyyy did I just get back and see some flowers in a certain someone's office but not mine?!?
“: there is 2,120 calories in chili's texas cheese fries. #EW”But there good tho? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Somehow got a 93 on my physics midterm when the average was a 54? #miraclesdohappen <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> now if only ochem would go the same way..
SAY WHATEVER YOU WANT.....as long as IT'S "THE RIGHT THING" to say... :-))))
RT : Any #STL folks in need of empty used Bourbon Barrels? We've got them Tap Room. $50 or 2 for $80. Must be picked up.
Rest in peace, Gentle Ben, Lightning Medicine Cloud, and Buffalo Woman. You will be watching over all Nations now.
Dan Gladden is the only thing standing between Cory Provus and an exceptional broadcast team for the Twins radio network.
I totally encourage you to take the young people in your life to see "We The Party" the new Mario Van Peebles movie! It's a total feel good!
And it's a dickie.
Fries please.
Thanks! Great to meet you, and sorry I had to run off.
Burnett pitching well but this game is killing his k/9. Only 3 strikeouts
Life highlight: just played Oh Happy Day on keyboards on the waterfront in Doha, Qatar. Awesome.
Tickets are about as expensive as a damn DVD nowadays! I don't blame you. Breaking the Bank
OH at #KSsynapse -- "You always ask me that question. But this time, I'm prepared."
you make me feel so lalalalala...
Newborn neglected by parents clings to life - Houston Chronicle
Someon stole my emergency Mt. Dew I had stashed in the office I am squatting in in LA. Is this why some people don't like this city?
Final Four baby! Go #Buckeyes!!
I'm mostly paying attention to the #Nationals tonight, but let's go #Orioles. I'd love to see a comeback.
Will be visiting my folks so I will miss it. Have fun!
Keep me posted, please...
Of course. Have you looked at some of the recent Advocacy evaluation work?
just wanna be with my love! I miss you!!
Kobe is out tonight? #Nuggets have a chance to win!
We are the first inside for the m&g
By cultivating awareness & then building in time to float, as a leaf in a river, towards the things that pull.
good you never let me know bout the case
Yippee! My first trip to ! #FSU RT : Heading to Tallahassee today!
aye it's the cops!
then j gotta pay membership every month.... I just heard they comin out with a new Xbox in 2013
I'll take a G+ invite please. Thanks!
"Alcohol makes everything possible."
haayy boo<3 I need ya number!
Hair Care Tips and How to Choose the Perfect Hair Care
Every girl at my school thinks she's Jenna Marbles.
How boring can you be?
okay, I'm going to go see about a Pixie at Pike Place. Might visit Noc Noc.
or STD, something that each cast member of jersey shore has
friend: how is your day? me: busy crazy good annoying exciting hectic, usual mix. he: sounds normal for you. Isn't that normal for everyone?
I hope your enjoying the offensive output that comes along with being undefeated as well.
AWESOME~! Home town boy makes good<3
Wow! is already over 1000 FB likes. This is only our 8th week open!! We have the most amazing customers!
Downtown and Castleton with
I just found out via a Facebook message that there's a website giving away an iPhone 5. I won't tell you which one, because I want it.
So true, but some way more than others!
Those are BTR DOLLS !!!!!
it burns super bad too !
For the record, I'm not seeing Cabin in the Woods till early May. If someone spoils it for me, I will be the LEAST happy camper.
what instructions are you having trouble understanding?
Game 7's in any sport are tremendous
RT : Don't forget, it's First Friday! Be apart of this evening in Downtown Las #Vegas !!
omg can you please follow me i love your youtube videos and your TEETH!! there so white o-o omg
Hahaha!! That was awesome, just like you! :) LUV YOU! :D
Nothing better than spending an impossibly sunny ca day inside a dark studio with a head full brain candies
I find it rather easy to portray a businessman. Being bland, rather cruel and incompetent occurs naturally to me.
indeed! Thank you thank you! Glad I made the move to NY.
Getting back in the gym tomorrow. Cant wait
yep I'm off. Last time I was with Kellogg's she was downing twisted tall boys she might be cut off!
Bucks are in the playoff race. Brewers just started the season. Why do their games have priority on FSW?
I'm bipolar as fuck
don't even get me started on ALL the fab finds she scored there! Mary Karantzou dress too o so jealous!
Is feeling craycray
lol at pump justice but this not to fare off base.
Can't wait to get my hands on Dell's new XPS 13 ultrabook. I really would love to get one and put Windows 8 on it. Got to stop drooling.
Thanks for being a part of our first week!
Trying to start an "Ask Me Anything" spot on the ol blog, any questions out there?!
Hate is a very powerful word, that's why I don't say it. I'd rather pity or strongly dislike something or someone before I say that.
Thas better now it say u follow me
Some HH basses emphasize the high frequencies rather than the low, leaving the kick drum to carry the low end entirely
omg u guys. Haha. I'm happy to see you guys hanging together again. So, when are you two gonna make plans to see me?
Happy Weekend Fans!
The way that you flip your hair gets me overwhelmed :)
tryin to get some food
It was great working with all of you. I am no longer with Weather Underground. Happy developing! ~ Matt Gregory
Opens as Olive Ostrovsky In "25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee" Tonight.
This is what it will take to win tonight – and we will. Thank you! “: Good luck, ! Keep chipping away at it.”
Which link please?
Harmonizing 1D songs with is so cayutie!!
Quote of the night; "Is this Inception?" -
Yeah dude :D :D
thats me! Especially the age thing!
tweet spree <3
she said "how can you afford that" i said "how could i afford not to"
my film Good Night|Good Morning releases INDIA-wide @ PVR Cinemas this week or DL #MELA IPAD or ROKU app & get #GNGM free
Deal This Week, $850 4 Hour Photo Booth Package, includes,Costume Props, 4 hours Unlimited Use,Cd/ Removal / Sacramento Area 916-208-4818
very good point to build on Coach
Watch a movie last night that had zombie vampires...do you think a dead vampire would turn into a zombie?
#HartOfDixie season finale. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
How do you do those?(:
so proud of you for enjoying the weather!
And I'm still hungry....
Repost: True friends are the people who are totally aware of how strange & difficult you are but still enjoy to be seen with you in public.
just an fyi - Point Break is full of male belly shirts.
RT Obama photoshopped head. Is our new American pasttime trying to discredit politicians instead of supporting efforts? Sad.
hey! I was gonna send that one to you! :P
Hopefully worthy can be the guy to fill Cullen Jenkins' shoes
enjoying the PIttsburgh weather and studying some Prokofiev.
Stop trying to make fetch happen. It's not going to happen. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8>
We were shocked to see how many signed up to receive invites. However for the first round, there are only a few. But we will be adding more
Christmas eve at our neighbors'- we're picking up their homemade chocolate truffles, they're merrily cooking lobster.
Pickup Line: I want to melt in your mouth, not in your hand.
Thanks for watching, everyone. John Canzano returns next week!
Like when union thugs used to beat up darker-skinned "scabs"
"Thank you Shawn Michaels, you will be missed!"
Happy birthday shoutout to the most sexiest guy I know ! He's a really cool dude! No regrets on following him!
My source tells me Ryan Braun will either be suspended or exonerated.
I mean the Taurus was a family heirloom. My little brother totaled it. Does that count?
We are about a week away from the Race for the Cure. Join Heather and Stefanie's team yet? Send us your pikg wig pix at ...
Right?? RT : It makes me unbearably sad when publishing people say they don't read for pleasure at all.
I agree! I wouldn't mind showing up to a confetti storm in my parking lot!
Can't wait to attend #NASCAR at #LASVEGASMOTORSPEEDWAY <U+2665>
#MoviesILove starting with the letter "Z"
& you still have my cd, so do it!
Our #Wonk Photo Contest started today! Have a great weekend & keep an eye on our D.C. wonk displays. Contest rules at www.american.edu/wonk
In the confrontation between the stream and the rock, the stream always wins--not through strength but by perseverance.
Hey it's Shelby and I just queefed. Peeyouu. More like me C; luvuuuu.
lots of exciting things to tell yall very soon!
“: OMG. Caribou Lou just came on!!! How does this not remind you all of sophomore year of college.” Funriver!
#FF I love you shitty but lovely person. <U+2665>
Nice - would be cool if I could do it from the 32nd floor...
Reviewing abstracts for #ATS2012. 247 to go.
That's right ladies! Just stay classy Pauly! ;)
Wife is baking Red Velvet Cake..it will be heavily gaurded until Thursday, can I wait that long?
Congrats to A SEPARATION (Iran) for winning the Oscar for Foreign Language Film! Our “UCLA Celebration of Iranian Cinema” opens April 13.
“: In celebration of #worlddjday I will DJ naked tonight at Mustang Arena in London, Ontario.” Happy EJ day!
You know what...you should text me!
Force a monkey to ride a dog and God will foresake you
Happy Mother's Day! "Pray for the dead and fight like hell for the living!" -Mother Jones
Ooh what's your clothing brand?
Today's quote: "He is no fool who gives up that which he can never keep to gain that which he can never lose." Jim Elliot
Finding parking at Aventura mall <
It's a bit nippy in Chicago. Better put on more than my sweater vest ;-)
At first I was like 'since when does she have a boyfriend?' then I read the last part and started laughing. :)
"who woulda thought, that after all, something as simple as rock n roll would save our souls?"
can have a 1 person party or a 20 person party don't matter
Hey there, thanks so much for following! :)
i dont know what to feel
Just realized my phones on yellow. :(
nah bro lol some other pond
Haven a smoke out with my sister's
Leadership is action, not position
Forever harassing because I bought a sweatshirt from ktc in december
RT : I hate when people act a different way when they get around certain people
Weird people > Boring people
Back pains
crackin me up
hello men you a crazy dj....ou tha best ever dj in world ever
Rumbache at the Cigar Bar, San Francisco tonight Fri, October 22
of my mind was Rane Arroyo's passing...
ready to be done with these classes and get my weekend started
we're thankful to have fans like you! God bless
And my son called it. If Pens had won , they'd have moved on. Flyers won't.
Okay, don't blow this.
I dont need a dude on my shit
Been working on research grant proposals all day. What a time-consuming effort. But all for good things.
but you say that every time I bring up my chubby days. You're undermining my pity party.
Lost my entire rough riders project.
I don't wake up every day to please you.
Yup, me too! Mayhew/Schwartz know what they are doing. :)
Sorry, Just got it.
Photo was taken 15 minutes before I was almost arrested... haha
We are on an exercise continuum that spans a lifetime. -MindFirstFitness
Will have a vid to show you tomorrow. How goes the campaign prep?
Do you want some fries with your Ketchup and
Hey , how do you usually use ? Do you compose content in the app and share to FB, 4SQ, and twitter from there?
Walking to Bastille Days tonight & just heard Sam Cooke from a car going by. Thought of ya - hope you're well. (:
No sun thi morning....going to Plan B....
Runnin INSANELY late for work. Stuck in this damn traffic wtf is goin on
How about Allen West for VP or Secy of Defense. Gen Petraeus might be good as Secy of Defense.
!!! RT : ANITA BAKER IS GON BE AT RAVINIA THIS SUMMER. Seals it. That's who I'm going to see. *scratches off bucket list*
O, yeah, baby! I'm making the monster cash! Newsroom isn't the same without you.
I haven't changed that in like 3 years haha why were you looking at it creepy stalker guy.
Who #booked for the #VMA tonite?
In the past hour, we have two new friends...keep it going!
I be High as giraffe pussy
I usually tip extremely well no matter what, but this is dumb. I'll likely give him a little, but reluctantly
Thanx 4 seeing me today! ...Good luck getting that song out of your head! #You'reAwesome Sauce!
Get fired up like smokin' gun On the floor til the daylight comes, Gays they just wanna have some fun...A Gay gone wild ;)
my deviance has been revealed.
Sorry for any confusion! Definitely should have been clearer.
bring a reusable cup to starbucks today and get free coffee (just normal coffee, nothing fancy) :(
too bad I'm in Ohio right now
At this week, the guest worship leader was accompanied by 3 men of Bonhoeffer: Jacob Dinsmore, Daniel Kim, and Emery Baumann.
Happy Birthday and congratulations to all of you on your AMA Award. You guys really deserved that.
p.s running sucks
I told someone happy mothers day except they're not a mother omfg how embarrassing
haha sure :) Not sure all the details yet! A family friend is dealing with the rest!
Finished The Catcher in the Rye and realized that Holden and I were more alike than different, kind of reflected what stage of life im at
Anybody know if there is an evolutionary connection between hibernation and metamorphosis?
came across my wifes Bon Jovi stash on the ipod. Going on 6 years of marriage and it still confuses me
Have you had 's Double IPA? This little baby is 9.5% ABV! Cascade hops were used to create a citrus flavor you are sure to love!
the star is impossible to do
Yes, it is HOT STUFF!! Made to order however you like it!! That's what the Italian Ice is for.....coolin' you off!!
Missing the #Brewers but have some good baseball to watch every nt with the #Marlins and
2 weeks until our first show! It's in San Marcos.
Why do some news orgs not list reporter contact info, email etc and use email submission forms instead?so antiquated!
and btw, you will have to wait 3 yrs to see how the picks pan out...so don't get too excited
What do you as a library intern? Must admit, working at a library sounds like great fun!
It's not "opposing the legislative freedoms of states" for Obama to express an opinion on state laws. He does it all the time.
Looking forward to a quick, early-morning workout before heading into work!
Time to have a party! It's ya birthday! Whoop! Work it! -Big Love, SS
so cute! <3
That's good.
Start where you are.
Happy Mother's Day Moms! Love, Swankey Events
Feels like we've grown up too fast.. Its been too long.. And everything seems so different
love when the are up to their shenanigans
I'll be seeing you soon?
Thinly Veiled Lesbians - That's the name of my next band.
The people I work with ....... I swear are retarded.
The best things in life are unseen. That's why we close our eyes when we kiss, cry, and dream.!
haha love it! I need to meet your other LBs!!!
@ kroger and my mom is sitting next to Jim Forbes!!!!
No need. Looks like all your fellow murderers would do it for you.
TriCaster was shown on camera during Celebrity Apprentice last night! Thanks to Adam Carolla for giving NewTek some love!!
do I remember correctly you posting a pic of a "sexy sax man" recently? Is he local? I think he was just on tv.
4/21...national surprise drug test day
Wanting to go home. I really dont feel like talking today.
I have to cut my moms hair tommorow #Fuck!
“: Wade only had 5pts. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>” he is stinking up the gym fa sho!!!
I'm in ! What part of the song do I do ?
Thanks for an insightful #AtlanticWoW conversation! I always love these events!
not am excuse... Fact. They are one pertinent man down...but good game nonetheless.
Citation and credit for treatments/descriptions rather than full article would make systematic biologists happy.
Coming home and 2 of my fishies are dead ):
im watching friends too!
I mean seriously, have you heard their song Candyland? He said he actually liked it. I wish I could virtually slap some sense in to people.
What if we were like royalty or something? Maybe? just throwing suggestions
All my exes got cold hearts.. I'm probly that cool.
We didn't start the fiyaaaahh
India and England battle for Test supremacy at Lord's
Haha, yes, we let Chris take the shock!
me too but oh we'll all piercings Hirt
New on our liquor tree this week: Three Olives Loopy & Super Cola. Come experiment...all of the other college kids are doing it!
Love your new hair!
RT : since is going to have a lot of free time she will just have to spend it with me :)
killing it right now hosting the and friends show
yes, something like that. Lots of jazz hands.
Hello Everyone.. testing testing 123
Rondo gonna get a triple double today
Hey , I've been on hold so long waiting for a supervisor I had to ignore the call from your automated phone survey.
#lovethepack!! Refs dropped ball so far. Lucky Packers!!
haha mine was boring
I don't know this song and can't see the words.. ACK!
Whenever she loses, she has to put something on
C'mon Baltimore! Let's get moving! 1000th follower gets a $50 gift certificate to Lebanese Taverna, courtesty
Hospital later <U+2764>
looking @ SF lineup tonite facing Zack Greinke and I'm thinking 3 runs might be more than enough, hope I'm wrong as Melky singles w/2 outs
I had so much fun with tonight jammin to
sounds like fun
Thanks to everyone that came out last night for another awesome Ladies Night! Lots of prizes were given out!
For tomorrow the return of the 12 hour sous vide veal. come see what we do with it.
Strategy time: Which of the location do you think will be least crowded? & thanks for the grasshopper tip
Chilling With My Better'Half <3
JUST ANNOUNCED! Jonathan Wilson at Weds., May 16th!!
Wats. Up twitter
Defending 3pt line has been #Nuggets Achilles all season, fitting season likely ends b/c of it
sweet baby Jesus - fried chicken and smoked gouda waffle from = heaven....
Thanks for keeping my phone charged at every airport. Great sponsorship/branding!
In all realms of life it takes courage to stretch your limits, express your power, and fulfill your potential... it's no different in the fi
GO DEBI! You tell her! Hannah is an amazing dancer and she always will be
In this business, Cream will inevitably rise to the top young artist. Think.
Twitter is the cesspool of the social conscious.
Just married the hell outta some people. Becasue the law, despite good taste, considers me a "Man of the Cloth."
-niqua is here to grace ya TL :)
Just cleaned some more, sweating my arse off now.
Really? Before the season after the Chandler trade everyone thought they might be a 5th or 6th seed. They underachieved man
when is a new video coming out?
I love your icon *-* wow!
hows the music brother?
Sorry, should have stated that it is 07:25am for Central time zone. It is 08:25am in Eastern.
NFLPA -> NFLTA; Does DeMaurice Smith's salary change as the head of a trade assoc vs a players union?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE GIRL THAT MEANS THE WORLD AND A HALF TO ME, MY BESTFRIEND, MY OTHER HALF AND MY FAG HAG <3 <3
sure :D
who fuckin wit six flags?
Happy SWEET 16 DAY! May all your #Aztecs dreams come true today. Mine is to be on the McKale Center court filming at 5:10pm PST.
Ohh haha ok that might help! :) normally i have just been going to the my home and then scrowlling down! lol
After receiving 's birthday invite, had to re-watch the Ministry of Silly Walks skit.
I really hate waitin on trev to get off work
attending #SMWLA and will be at the VLounge tomorrow night in #SantaMonica?? then be sure to find and say hi! (+ try #wine too!!)
Hey, you know I don't normally tweet political stuff on here, and this next one is breathtakingly unlikely, but what the hell, why not try.
Thank u so much dear Miguelina!! Woohhooo!! Hope that u r happy yourself. :)
definitely, il check it out now
"Oh Dionna you're growing up! I remember when you had a baby face and now you have a lady face." --Lisa Dyer Oh I love this lady haha <3
I hate smart ass teachers. Me: Can I go to the bathroom? Teacher: I don't know, can you? Me: BITCH I WILL SHIT ON YOUR DESK. Lmfaooo!
Late night in the office = Giordanos. So that's okay.
“: #EDC here we come ..tick tock ” yay!! less than a mth!! still waiting 4 the tix but SO excited :D
Zed? Maynard. Spider just caught a couple of flies.
I can run REALLY FAST in heels when being chased by a can of compressed gas -duster. Thanks
your episode where your shirtless is on Good Luck Charlie. You're freaking cute (: I really wanna go see you Saturday
So you're in Promotions??
let's hope.
Honey badger don't give a shit!!
Democracy: Reality TV from the Corporatist State Broadcasting Network.
Ooh! New episode will distract me from the discomfort of the ice pack on my leg.
Have u ever wondered if mabye the grass is greener on the other side
Beyond happy that Baylor won the NCAA Women's Championship
Good thing animal control laid his ass out cold.. Haha!
KFC Yum! Center is the BEST sports arena name ever!
I sell Game boy games and systems on eBay-you can search reedy9er on Google and my eBay page with my items for sale will pop up at the top!
I'm doing better than before lol. Thank you :)
De rien, Tara! Such a noble cause.
-- Where You At
You too! >> : Tracey, thanks for mentioning me in your tweet! Have a wonderful weekend!
Name the movie: "I know who I am! I'm the dude playing a dude disguised as another dude!"
Wondering if might sign my copy of MIRACLE BEACH, a perfect book club choice
pay. Good cuz I sure did tip her
What? You were less than a mile away from my place in Chicago? I feel like I've seriously missed something.
I be taking some good ass pictures
Painting gives me peace
So glad is back on her #NextChapter with hard-hitting, no holds barred interviews like &
your 12...smartee she's just a year older:D you guys need to find someone else to touch lmao:P
Working at KISS FM and watching the Bears game!
It was really nice meeting you too! Thanks for coming to the show Friday.
I won the GTTV contest fair and square.
Thanks, Tim-O!
DNR live weekend starts tomorrow, I'm at at 6am PST. I must love you guys. Let's talk "WCF is easy now". Of course a little identity :)
It's time to call it a day. Good night all!
Or, meet up in an island in between? I need some nature. Stat.
I'm not liking the '6ers chances. But you never know.
A good guy is like a four leaf clover lucky to have but hard to find.
you better not be sleeping in my bed or i will be killin you instead of you killin it
heading out to UB.
Free pizza in the office tomorrow night!
Mr Dentist, why would you schedule me at 1:15 if you knew I'd still be in the waiting room 20 minutes later?
Just got off of the best job ever
Auburn-Alabama, Kentucky-Louisville, Duke-UNC, and if there's a brawl Cincy-Xavier.
Capital One & WUSTL's Delta Sigma Pi are sponsoring a Trivia Night @ Duffy's 7:45pm CST tonight. $500 for winning teams!
kiss you till you feel the truth
My "REALLY?" moment of the day: Learning we own the Joe Louis Fist. (but not the copyright, so don't call for permission to use it in an ad)
well, we get action! Like the cops come down the street almost everyday and there's gang fights! And a cop got his eye busted open!
I love watching the 3 season of The Vampire Diaries... My favorites actors are Ian Somerhalder and Nina Dobrev there cool and awesome! EHEHE
Finally got a foam mattress topper and a fleece blanket for my bed. Maybe now I'll be able to fall asleep at night without drugging myself.
God bless another morning, another day added to my living score. Get up & get yours, dont stop go and live more thats what we here for.
i did.. BUT i had it up there for a LONG TIME! I'm even considering it as a shirt idea :x What would you think of that?
Virginia's 7th District needs a change, and is the man for the job. Check out his site and give him a follow.
: "Can you pass me a fry?...seriously? You just gave me one?"
im on one right now..
Leggings, dude.
well be back at the Westside Comm Mkt in summer. just , Madison, and
Good idea I think IF it is done well… could be a green WPA for a new generation. Caveat: DONE WELL. That's my fear.
This law and order marathon is crazy good
If there is a heaven, it looks just like TROHV
complains too much...
Reliving the moment
Tall Geese!
RT : The Chargers sound dangerous in theory. But they haven't played 1 complete game all year.
Thank you for such kind words and the #FF !!!
Thanks for following us !
good design is good business and good UX is good marketing
Yay! Look forward to hearing from you.
I told your mom that too. But she said Mari said y'all could buy stuff.
Its 2012 stop trynna use them lame ass lines to get at females
If Jack White knows how to play the intro to Icky Thump and he didn't just randomly make that then he's a genius
where r ya
So there's this show called Neighborhood 3:Recquisition of Doom, attend or be banished.
We'll get ya across town, up the street or to the airport. Seattle's hardest working and original black car service. (206)722-7696
Is it too early to eat a cupcake? If you think yes, don't answer.
Hope you have a great day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Really? Nickelback is the Thanksgiving halftime show? Was is too small of a gig for any of the local high school bands?
I was glad you could mail away for the regular box for the Simpsons sets they did the yellow heads for.
Let's show up tonight boys
There is 14 days left of school... holy shit.
my set list journal!! I wanted the new fishman one but it sold out n I couldn't stand to start a new one w/o finishing this!
I'm with him right now
Or Manning can write him a letter from Cleveland, Seattle, Washington, Oakland, or Arizona.
Love this! : "What most people need to learn in life is how to love people and use things instead of using people and loving things ...
Theon is such an idiot...
sweet brown ringtones for everyone.
Well, when you shoot like crap in the second half, what else can you expect?
See you soon! Thanks Caitlin!
lol! u better tell em fam. death to FL
Mother#*%!! #railsconf attendees need to learn to cover their mouths when coughing!
Happy New Years from your friends at Baltimore Bocce
i sent you my dtm letter. :)
It's not too soon to register for 3/16 User Group ft. ASU Jonesboro myCampus Enterprise Edition! email to sign up!
Being so nauseated & weak <<<
God morning! I figure the extra "o's" will give the perception of a good attitude. Right?
Press Conference: 11:00 today, Occupiers will address statements made by Soglin about their camp. Top of State St. at Veteran's Park.
The fight with Madara and Konan was pretty cool in the manga, but in the anime it really is something else. So much excitement and visuals.
I never like to to talk about tomorrow without acknowledging that its not gauranteed
yes it could!
My niggas beat tape goes in tho' go cop that
honestly. I didn't even now until I checked battlelog. Hahaaah
No Live show today. Gotta get some gear for that other thing i do Pessimistic Smile Photography. Listen in anyway and vote accordingly.
Wow my teacher today had us use gambling math and applied it to whether we would bet our soul on if there was a god. Idk how I feel bout tht
The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want. Stein, Ben
So bored! What is there to do... oh yeah... listen to 's covers :)
To the obnoxiously loud and decidedly uncool Warriors fan sitting behind me, all I can say is I remember my first beer too.
Bill R. will be back on the mic May 17th for Bike Night. While you’re here, check out new merchandise in The Shop!
Business leaders must watch trends on Twitter RT: Business leaders aren't hanging on twitter...More recruiters are
I love when Simon Cowell makes thinly-veiled jokes about Ryan Seacrest's sexuality and Ryan shoots back an ice-queen's glare.
congrats to you both!
That feeling of instant sadness
Ty for such a great
Thanks for the RT; there's still a few more essays to come.
When I do, I will definitely let you know. Until then, I'll toast and butter up a thick slice of... hope.
i cant they have me on a block .. wats ya name ill jus look u up onthere ... or u can search Anthony Looselyric & thats me
ya you did hahaha. Lets meet up at the end of the concert! And maybe the middle. If a break
thank you man! I so appreciate you watching!
The successful men of today are men of one overmastering idea, one unwavering aim, men of single and intense purpose. -Orison Swett Marden
ass diverts are a part of life. Best accept them than be in denial.
ya I still need to check out your house so mad I haven been invited. Totally woulda brought Funyons & maybe even some fishsticks..
Thanks for the share on these amazing students! We're so grateful for your support, both online and off.
Knock Knock!... Who’s there?... Butch!... Butch who?... Butch your little arms around me!
Listening to new Jack White album. Rolling Stone gave it 4 1/2 stars. I've only seen 5 stars once for Dylan. Not bad so far.
Ever hug someone and it lingers a lil too long? Hm... ?
oh thats n no time
Network analyzing semantic networks similarities in #discussion #list #posts to automatically identify persons for include lists for
I say a game that is obviously known for physicality, & that many start playing young, they should know by the pro level..
That just off Highway 101 just map it on your phone. You should check out there center they have artist ongoing, My work, only 9 more days!
Summer of my german solider: 1 of the 1st bks that I remember reading about love, politics and self-worth. still have my copy.
Been There, Done That! Amusing short stories of childhood mischievous antics parents share. Submit yours www.mahoganyproductions.com
Thanks for the RT! Have a *superlative* day.
Were you in high school yet when he had us miss lay-ups on purpose over and over? lol
Why do I continue to think there is hope for the Pirates? oh...no we #suck again.
That awkward moment you get off the B Train to find a dead man just lying there
Thanks so much Dave! Appreciate it!! Please tell your friends :) RT Just watched the Very cool short film dude.
People at post offices today mailing your taxes: we're all shaking our heads at you.
I love Battlestar Gallatica. I dreamed I got tagged teamed by Grace Park and Katie Sackhoff. Three out of four falls.
Are you ready for spring break 2011?? We are! Call us for all our specials!
Pumped to meet up with Nick, Justin, and Molly to get down on some work!
yea but im back!!
Thanks so much for the RT. We noticed that all #recycle as well. How are you?
haha its all good, hopefully next time i can stay longer and stuff =)
Antigua Latin and Mexican restaurant - $20 gets you $40 worth of food and drink on www.crowdclick.com! Get your's today!
pretty fun that we are now on the same train!
A new day! New mercies! Thank you God
Did you get interviewed?
Happy Blated birthday Reginae Hope It Was Awesome!!!
I finally caught a break! Officer did not show. DISMISSED.
If youre not doing anything tonight, go check out Yvonne Pavlik for Karaoke at Levelz!
Anyone see any good YA book trailers lately? Care to share?
Good night everyone! You guys are awesome!
The analyst can go with the #Saints if they want I got #SanFransico in this one!!
sup chick
Mallinson: Operators should cut opex, not capex With introduction of the first mobile networks worldwide, mostly on a national monopoly o
Debating a late night food run...argh
so glad situation seems under control. Sending love and positive energy to you and your family!
s/o to my girl
"Most girls are idiots." -Arya
People texted me happy mothers day from numbers I've deleted long ago smh
ehh . I cant decide if I should take a nap before , or just stay awakee? Lmao .
It sure is!
I've never been so vigilant or diligent. Stalking 97.1 FM Chicago The Drive; that pair of Jethro Tull/America tickets shall be mine.
Getting Ready for The NEW ORLEANS TOUR March 11th!!
I stayed up too late
i really hope Lakers win..
Better your career potential Wednesday eve in Denver with Judy Hale. www.ispi-frc.org
From our Showcases family to yours, Happy Holidays and a joyful new year!
Arguably Roenicke erred by PHing him there. "Just put the ball in play" is NOT George's game.
Woke up this morning with
you are such an inspiration to so many people :) never forget that!
I don't know, because they were cool shots? Politics didn't come to mind when I watched it.. just great shots, timelapses etc.
Rex Grossman making me money. I like it
We have Empanadas today! Chicken or cheese. Hope to see you for lunch.
Yeah no kidding!
RT Looking across the parking lot just as Winter Break's starting, and we're finally getting some fall color around here.
Interested in merging instruction and assessment in a seamless manner. Great chance to discuss with education thought leaders last week.
#educomm Cameron Evans, credential function of higher Ed key to the value of the investment
As pointed out, #Celtics have had 3 chances to push lead to double digits and failed.
Yes I mite as well just go fully gay cause these Boys just do to much
No honeyy money can't buy happiness. Only Jesus can. Don't fool yourself.
Thought of you! RT RU a food/cooking blogger? Join us for a virtual cooking event on Nov 4. Raise UR hand for info!
Hey stranger saw you on my "who to follow" list. Hope all is well since graduation. I haven't seen you in forever.
#TGTSpectacular is not so spectacular
Graduation...Im Proud Of You :-)
We totally have an episode about Ernies Market coming out soon. Happy to see the sandwich man get some love BABY! Great article.
With over 20 years of experience under our belts we understand what it takes to make your rental properties profitable.
thanks buddy! Have a good weekend!
Trying not to think about these papers till tomorrow. GONNA HAVE SOME FUN TONIGHT!
I'm back!
"Per, what do u think ab this 2-finger ring?" "well it looks like ur fingers r stuck together" "its supposed to"
hah, handing out photocopies of my (un-blessed by management) architecture proposals; feels subversive; thus 'samizdat'.
ehh.. it was $10 well saved.
Why are you asking for help?? EMBRACE IT, MEGS!
No, she's always been a teacher. I was really shocked.
Teacher "why's your cat at school today?" Tim: "My dad said to my mom, 'I'm going to eat that pussy when the kids leave' so I'm saving him!
Haha uk how we do bruh
see you are a networker, me too :) looks like you're using MLSPro would it be ok to share my new free recruiting tool with you?
- I'll have to look into that when I get back from ISTE11
Matinee show TODAY at 3pm at the Times Square Arts Center. Come join us for some hilarious improvised laughter!
RT : Do not confine your children to your own learning for they were born in another time. - Hebrew Proverb
good luck next week. Just block out all the B.S. and be yourself. It's what got you this far so stay with it.
Life has got to be lived -- that's all there is to it
One week until has its premiere at Exciting!
Devastating injury for #Mariano. The place on the outfield wall he hit near says "Walk-Off a Hero" Very fitting. A true
So u cant cum. Dont worry its okay
ewwww at that tweet
My nerves have been really calm because despite this game I'm scared chitless about the Flyers and Bruins games with this D.
is my big teddy bear <333 he think he a big dawg doee lmao
I'm gonna miss you coach. *tear*
Thoughts on the Cam Newton first overall??
she's not in a stable state, why continue to humiliate her, not cool #deion&pilar
I must say Nene has been a little nicer that usual Hmm Makes me wonder could it be that you will be friends again ?
So many awkward things happening on twitter right now
Mommy is going to the Bahamas for the weekend, therefore she will not be getting a mother's day present from me...Try yo other kids.
oh my....I was looking back trying to figure out what u were talking about
<3 took the morning off of the office to hit cardio hard and pose with IFBB Pro Jillian Reville .... Progression and practice kids :)
I enjoyed watching it. You could label me pro-headhunting.
girl at starbux counter comes 2 my table and is like u seem like ur havin a ruff day, here r the rest of the chocolate chip cookies
Thanks for the great party :)
QoTD: "The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." (Walt Disney)
What a beautiful morning
Insecurity is a bitch doe
If we lose I blame it on these whack-ass camera angles
Obama sounds like he enjoys the political scrum. I don't give Romney or Gingrich much of a shot in the fall.
mac, why have you failed me?.....
Responded to FIRE @ 626 Riverside Drive, Manhattan, NY 10031 and helped 3 Residents. Red Cross auto update.
i missed s following spree last night.):
Homework time :/
Sprinting to the bus stop in the morning <<
Are you ready to wake up with Cleveland's #1 Sunday Spinning Class? Join Holly Lim for Spinning today at 10:30am Sign up's start at...
hm... I wonder if is giving anything away for #ala12. I wish they'd mention it or something :-)
to teach people how to follow rules.
No problem!
#mlsprotectedplayerlistsarelate because #MLS decided to submit a list for refs, but could't find 11 to protect.
I love you!!!
I want to see it but I live outside of the Knoxville viewing area. Is it available online?
What's up everyone? Monday was yesterday, so the worst day of the week is out of the way. Utilize this Tuesday to do something productive!
Go Blues Go
“: I honestly don't miss nothin about u I'm gettin mad that I'm sittin here tweetin about u...” oh
": I got cha I'm ready to put the city on My back" Awready, I can dig that fam
So according to Santorum, children born out of wedlock (like me) are a danger to this country. Right got it!
All these Bieber TT , #beliebersarewinning fer sure,
love life while you here
RAUL BE SEEIN YOU LATER
Officers opened the door and faced mob - This is Nottingham
Dickinson was no better. How do they expect u 2 study in a room the size of a closet? I won't even get into other distractions
Haha! RT : I'm eating humble pie right now lol
Easy to second guess, but a nine point lead here would be nice instead of 8
All you need is love and
Thanks for the heads up and kind words on the photo, It is definitely "game on" regarding the SocialCX blog!
I think a visit to is just what the office needs. .
Nice warm sunday....gonna kill my wine and take a shot of henny
its ridiculous and doesnt make sense? Why would you want to be treated like shit? Not a clue?
loll. I'm sorry. youu could've text me.
Had a successful event last week in Salt Lake City, UT at the Outdoor Retailer show. Thanks to Kelsey, Gerald, Brigham, and Anna!
I take it you like dick + weed. Good girl.
Yeah, New York's cool for a lot of reasons, but space shuttle history isn't one. I'm not sure what happened there...
Twin day today at school with ryann(:
you better be dressing up! House pride!
All of those teams are in the same county. They are all ranked except JFK.
Spurs in 5. This thing will be a cakewalk. Who's with me? (Taylor)
great grandma x 4 was of the Muscogee tribe who once flourished in the southeastern part of what we know today as the U.S.
Hi ! We so love you! has Awesome New Republic opening for but agree you'd be a great opener too! ;)
“: Blue eyed people study better & Get better grades than Brown eyed people.” <<<<heck yea!
A5. I'm really interested in grad school, but what about return on investment? Debt for low compensation in the arts?
I know i love #apple but i love my #lg gslate tab
Walking into work for the last time til April 19! Long overdue vacation here I come!!!
Todd, love your sexy pose! Pat is a lucky woman!
So are you following me on IG?
yo,NKOTB, help a bro out, been tryin to get your 5 star tickets for my wifey and girlfriends, no luck, only one left memphis, yo any help??
She has been with us since puppyhood. Was freshly groomed today!
Let's get out in front of tomorrow's question. Answer: No, winning Bay Hill does not make #Tiger more marketable
"Seasons" Grand Opening of Latin Floor and Mash-Up Floor #LuxSundays | Text LuxSundays to 74455
I am a maybe.Ive got eating plans at 6 but when I am done Ill prolly stop by
your food is wonderful! I absolutely love the Szechuan Pickles! Jamie is making Food Cart magic happen today!
lol i did, my bad jewster
I seen a shooting star tonight!! :)) & made a wish! <3
I like dark cinema, but it usually has to be fun for me to get really excited about it. There are a few exceptions, tho.
Which track bro?
It's still early!!! What are you waiting for!!??
??N Cleveland Oh Are the seats that are not open to public for sell 4 VIP or are the seats for Pre Sale -- either way I'm there
No plans tomorrow
Good Morning!!! Extra relaxing and great weekend, super ready for this week!!
Hi Jeff! we introduced our new morning co-anchor!
happy birthday moto! its been a record breaking week, time to sleep.
I got a new puppy today! :)
Honor and a privilege to be joining legendary coach Joan Bonvicini's staff as an assistant women's basketball coach at Seattle Universit ...
same ol same ol. What's good bro
I'm seeing a lot of similarities between the Occupy Movement and the Granger Movement of the 1860s and 1870s
Here's to the Directioners who will take a marriage contract to a 1D signing.
chatting with A. about how many and what kind of chicks to buy
ToFCON website is back up, friends, go check it out!
So Happy for you guys!!! Congrats!!
6 more followers to reach 100!
what's a timeline.
Hey how are ya :))
fascinating. could probably get lost watching this for a while if i let myself haha. thanks for sharing!
I hate when you are positive your phone vibrated but there aren't any new texts/alerts
Ladies, if all a man wants are your breats, legs and thighs send him to KFC.
Follow if you like to EAT out. via
Harry Potter. epic
I find that text reference patrons often have a clearer idea of their question than f2f patrons (in undergrad academic libs).
my brother was just on my twitter. bitch better not follow me. i mean it. don't you dare.
You know it's depressing for me to see those people who claim they "roll one deep"..They're either lying or have a very very lonely life.
Hey guys!! Looking forward to come back to Colorado! Telluride in early August
Thanks for the awesome shout out!!
Geeked they took the Pitfall outta Kennywood so I can't be talked into riding it lol
Alright, alright. I will accept your apology and try not to be traumatized.
morning all. another beautiful day here in rochester. the public market is quite busy even with the gloomy weather. boulder for breakfast.
Beginners Guide To Digital Photography | Digital Cams and ...
Fondon gets a K to end the inning.
Some excellent books from the Vietnamese perspective were recommended to me by Reading one now.
Fantastic visit with Liz Garton Scanlon today. New book coming in the spring!
Thanks for the FF mentions, we can use all the support we can get. Thanks for your service, Stay safe!
Sharks power play on Chicago holding
New followers, we're still having tryouts for a lead guitarist. Reply if interested.
let's just hope it won't be like your Chicago show where everyone almost died because of the heat. Haha
"Mr. Myrtle's the meanest old man who ever lived."
The incident where I feel that it would be okay to arrest for a felony crime is when they have probable cause
Lmfaoooooooo when you start school tho' ?
Females- Do you have an ass that's outta control? If so, get at me to do an adult video for my boss lady
true enough... This winter's been wimpy.
Excellence is the gradual result of always striving to do better. - Pat Riley
dont want to go home...wish there was somewhere i could go to just take a nap
Thanks Noah for following<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
Is that a new reality show?
Shake your money- maker...
if you're gonna be two faced, at least make one of them pretty.
done n thanks
love the new shirts. Back when we were in alpha class we had "mixing biz w pleasure!"
what's wrong bud?
Keep it in the family!
Excited for and to get in town. McCann family fun!
#SometimesIGetsickof people taking advantage of me when I'm being nice
RT : Tulsa Shock up at the half 49-40! Revenge in our hometown is a blank!!!!!
Stop by booth 318 and register for our new PD site
Live, Love. Forgive, Forget!
“The world is full of obvious things which nobody by any chance ever observes” - Arthur Conan Doyle (Sherlock Holmes)
absolutely no motivation to do anything today
Out of the office she goes
The road to hell is paved with adverbs. ~Stephen King
F4f everyone ask me anything Q&A
if the do trade for the 7th pick....who are they targeting @ 7?
I have been meaning to get in touch with you abt a future diaper drive....I know your group had a drive in January.
All Fridays are good, but tomorrow is Great Friday.
Oh really? That's surprising actually. So many people think it's trashy. I'm like, uh, yeah...ON TRASHY PEOPLE. Lol.
Why am I always so tired x.x
What liquid would you most like to bathe in?
We'll keep in touch. Hopefully I can come back and cover some good WI stories :)
Don't be afraid to fail because only through failure do you learn to succeed.<--- whatever yall are so rich.
I'd like to be everything u want hey JB! let me talk to you... amazing song JB #iloveyou <3 #belieberforlife #byfriendreview!!
I'm hungry
I work ata call center..... Shoot me
The Reentry Anonymous basic text is now available! 12 step criminal addiction and ex-offender reentry support: http:www.reanon.org
We are all a part of God's story
I was trolling the message boards on ESPN in the hockey section and my god are the Philly people whiners.Everyone is against them apparently
Rip Whitney. In life, you found the Greatest Love of All.
Just started a Run. 79 °F, 12mph NE, 37%
thanks bro give this man a follow!
I'm alone on Christmas Eve. How sad :(
Recycling, sustainability, fair trade, activism, awareness, change, by
Stay Prayed Up...Humble...Focused..Lifted
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
It makes no sense to hate someone you love John Lennon.
GreeNHouse! Tonight! Red Handed... Okc's hottest DJ! Come get away from finals!!! $1 beer!
haha!! What continent? :P
A5 Customers connect 'local' and 'US' w/ quality. That has been really important for the Milwaukee market.
yeah, I never read the articles either. I tell myself I will google them later and always forget.
Good effort tonight Coach!! Looked real good out of the gate, should have a nice year!!
& go shopping with mommy & mawmaw(:
Sorry, but you've been hacked. Just got the "Hello someone is saying really bad things about you... " DM from you.
Just sent out a sweet-looking newsletter for a Raleigh horse stable. Victory lap around the computer, high-fiving imaginary ponies.
make sure you make a wish once you see a shooting star !
You know you want to help me get to 300!
then he give his number to the student body???
I didn't finish Masamune. #sadness went to bed...but I will attempt to play D3 for a bit... I'm so gonna be tired tomorrow.
out of everyone you could of been under & it was Justin aha:')
Flight attendant? Alcohol free CloSYS Oral Rinse comes in a 3 day pack...Fresh breath, healthy mouth, winning smile. www.closys.com
oh yes it's vacation so that means more frequent tweeting ;)
RT Final from Morrison Stadium as Creighton Men's Soccer ties Denver 0-0 Did we mention $239,000 was raised for cancer research
We got our tickets to see and on June 22 in NJ! So excited! It's also my birthday that day! :D
Don't forget to cast ur votes over the wknd for 's Would You Rather challenge! Monday = more public embarrassment for our Planiteers!
looking forward to meeting in real life soon. We usual sit by the dive well. I'm the one with 10 year old triplets.
MAC makeup party.. !
Mothers Day Brunch at the Hyatt :)
Immediate Opening: Copier Technician Job : Responsibilities include: As a Copier Technician, you will support assigned workload based on Pr…
Icing on the cake... Song from -playing on my 21st!!!
Crazy thang about it ...i been knew i Had
Oh shot its Fusion Frenzzzyyyy
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
2 questions, when I get rush tickets do I ask that they're rush? And what time does nick normally come in?
Great article! “If people are creatively engaged, they’re healthier"...amen!
nice video work! a little scary with the responses, though! yikes
I just stumbled across your website today. Its gorgeous, great set up :)
actually now that u mention it. A little bit like that. Or exactly like that? But yes.
I beasted it bro, I'll let u know the next freeroll
Someone buy the following books for me? Wreck This Journal, Mess, This Is Not a Book and Finish This Book.
Texas Rep. Ron Paul will end active campaigning in the GOP presidential race
Red hair w/booty are bad too. We get the greatest service at Big Daddy's when I take the wife.
Hey #pigtails !!
It really helps to take the bottle of water you prepared for the gym to the gym.
looking forward to learning from you
If you can dream it, you can do it. Walt Disney
Does NEPAD need to develop projects with different Media houses for it to be visible?
This is the last one I swear! “: you have an addiction.”
Day 7: I am so tired of vegetables.
hahahaha yes please do that :P
So i got casted as the Demon of Rape..
Just got done refurbishing a PC & gave it to Hidden Treasures Ministry to deliver to a family.
#rush one of my all time favorites.
": First place I'm going when i get home is garner road" - His House! Got to come show them who is king.
How can American footballers struggle in Italy if they never go there? Who's gone to Serie A other than Lalas and Bradley?
Haha me too! But you'll be 18 sooner than I will :P
Now I celebrate Fat Tuesday by eating pancakes
- LSF Road Runners: Chicago Marathon registration opens on February 1st. MARK YOUR CALENDARS!
didnt have private helicopter for you? RT : Louisiana traffic sucks! Just pulled into NOLA!, Final four weekend baby!!!
...for those of you in the bike portion of the Tri make sure your tires are prepared to be punctured. Don't let the goat heads win!
Just ordered from Costco business delivery service, very excited! First stumble is it doesn't seem to give you delivery day until after...
Cliff Harris makes GREAT play to knock down the pass and force a 28 yard FG. Ducks winning 14-13 midway through 2nd quarter.
thank you so so much!
THAT HAPPENS EVERY TIME I ROOT FOR A TEAM!
team coco
Is that rain
Three kinds of blood vessels are arteries, vanes, and caterpillars. (And THAT's why, people, we sometimes get butterflies in the stomick).
Glad you like it, we'll watch out for you wearing it at the games!
What's YOUR fav song?
A bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
Im i the only one thhat wants to rip off demi's eyebrows & put them on me ;)?
do you love #SAYSOMETHIN ?:) cod I do:)xo
we sure do, there are just way too many of them!
ps3 sucks dick
is the new Jackie Gleason. For serious. even liked his stuff!
“: The point here is this: The Romney anecdote, about teenage conduct, is 47 years old.”
and I just got back from #Vegas... Too bad I didn't have that nugget o wisdom 12 hours ago.. :-)
dear houston drivers, the 2 blondes in the blue yaris are okay. we may look like we're having seizures, but we're just dancing. to nsync. XO
We're recording a new episode of the podcast tomorrow. Any suggestions for topics?
RT : "This could not have happened without one woman in Fairfax County" - Marc Acito of #HHawards winner Birds of a Feather,...
haha, I was too. I Can just Look at everyones tweets for a play by play.c
Is excited for tomorrow's game and #WearYourJerseyToWorkDay #geauxSaints!
Show no love. Love will get you killed
LMAO I got my mom a raft for our pool for mothers day because secretly I need a new one to tan on. hehehehe
that was on when I saw that haha
Happy first day of Spring! And what a beautiful one it is! Enjoy everybody!
Valet farted in my car!!! Aria grrr
Agreed on that. it's free though so that's nice. We have 900+ in our building as well so let's share our experiences once done.
it sure is. And being couched in subtle ways to cloud the true intentions of the speakers
She lucky I was sleep when she dropped them off cus I sholl woulda told her ass
Good Luck to Senior during the 2012 Pro Soccer Combine!
I thought so
Just chillin at home(:
People need to learn that restaurants are not day cares.
You'll never know how far you can run, unless you run beyond your capacity.
shit. I would have but I was getting wings with smithy and endicott
Klout thinks I'm influential about Hunger Games. *choke* No....
Call me when Boy Meets World is up and we'll talk.
Most of the time I lived in Rogers Park, but also Edgewater, Lincoln Square and Ravenswood Manor. Favorite pizza: Pequods.
shout out yo my gurl LA CHAT CAN WAIT FOR THAT INTERVIEW W TOMORROW
I'M HERE FOR THE REBOUND
Excited to meet Darek Hough and at DWTS! Omg..
I will work for cupcakes! ;)
please follow
Grbg in = grbg out! at lst frnt end is getting tackled ! Burger King pledges to end use of caged pigs, hens
Well, it was written before Torre came out and said what he did (though I could have updated the post)
Thanks! RT : And the Breakfast Crepe at persists in being one of my favorite dishes in this city. Obtain it.
Came home early from work yesterday, slept for 7 hrs. Woke up for a couple, then back to sleep for 4 1/2 hrs. Hoping I'm on CDT now.
I gotcho back. :)
It still bugs me when airports do not believe in free internet.
Don't miss Dr. Karyn Purvis at the Together for Adoption Conference, Oct 1-2, in Austin, TX. Visit www.togetherforadoption.org for more info
Wow, my gmail spam filter is really working overtime these days.
Scheming! The new year is going to mean big things for all of us here at the Just Walk collective. Keep your eyes and floppy ears open.
no, they will be poorer when this country goes completely bankrupt.
THANKS! so btw, how're the app workouts coming along?
THE STOOGES HAVE REDEEMED THEMSELVES!
haha yes I know! And it is;) It's weird though cause I'm not going for cody, I actually doubt I'll even talk to him this time
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe ppl who change for the WORST! smh
It is easier to go down a hill than up it but the view is much better at the top.- Henry Ward Beecher
haha hell yes. That's awesome. I'm terrible at it. I've only played twice but I don't like beer so I'm not a good partner
You're asking the wrong person.. I'm sorry! I gave up
Pig roast is 3/12 from 4-8pm. Want an invite? We're trying to keep things intimate, so it's invite-only.
Happy New Year!
up way to early
and just to talk. TWEET US! i will be randomly tweeting you all to start a conversation :)
glad to hear it! As always, it's a pleasure!
*crosses off "breakfast in bed" for mom because of tonight*
$200 per hour following
If you enjoyed "The Announcement" last night, you need to see "26 Years: The Dewey Bozella Story" .. 3/15 at 8:30 pm ET
My two besties said "I do" tonight! How lucky am I? #yayformarriage!
happy 1st day of Spring #ROC!
I can't...only got the phone
Ahh not too much, I live a pretty boring life.
Laying here in the dark thinking about....
We've had Kauai weather here in Ca over the weekend!!! Feels like Tradewinds and all...
Word to the wise...always have your website in a hard file with a backup in case of hacking or worse!
great web folks with keen insights: #followfridays , , ,
Lesson 2: Avoiding draft selection.
has achieved his boyhood dream of being the top Google search result for "ron paul"
Everybody tlkin bout chasin a dream when they aint takin no action on it... Dreams dnt wait for nobody real rap!
I have to get on your conference schedule. Both this and SCMS look like things I should be doing
Oh hell yes, the clock says 5:52 here. Think that means its time to take the Sweet Tea Vodka outta the fridge & in our glasses!
Looks like you are quite the fan!
#evernoticed the crazy things you will do for the person you LOVE
Links We Love: Bella Swan 's Wedding Gown Hits Stores & Pippa Middleton 's Bridesmaid Dress Goes on Sale Yikes, not so fierce! Project Ru
Wasshup? You need to call me ASAP.
Laying in front of the big screen watching one of my favorite movies ! "You Got Served" of course ! i love this movie !
RT : "Nothing will work unless you do."
know how i didn't see you at all today....
K-Town Film Productions wishes all the mom's out there a very happy Mother's Day! Have a great weekend!
I hope you niggas got yourRing side seats cause it's whoop Ass season
did you text her?
glad that you like the book list as much as we do! Looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow
we're sorry, we don't believe any of our restaurant locations will be hosting the boxing match tonight.
Ad: checkout mouth watering dishes
Nice! :) RT : either miami or vegas. I need some pool parties. Lol
Oh we RT : Destination LAX...Time to CRANK it out!
Mr. Lincoln sent a convoy of ships to resupply Sumter before it was fired upon. When hostilities broke out, Charleston celebrated.
listening to and love Love LOVE both of them especially
Sunnydale high school t shirt! So fucking cool.
thats so last year!
This weather is such a tease... #readyforsumma <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><U+270C>
Only dark-skinned Lady Justice that R & C could find: statue in St. Croix, installed after African folklore figure called unsuitable
If a certain husband DID NOT sign up for CLUncon tonight, I bet he regrets turning off my tweet notifications!!
The Live band just satrted! Playing until 9:00pm! come check them out!
Just checked in hotel, room #2011- how appropriate..... Eagles Nest Restaurant starty
Thanks for sharing, Sue!
Get used to this. Capps gives up 2 run homer in the 9th.
Let's get high!!!
game predictions on the carolina nebraska game? I've got 50 on it
is it your "last alert" party?
When the rate of change outside the company exceeds the rate of change inside the company-the end is near. Joe Grimaldi rocks.
follow We are building Courtney's twitter game
Thanks for the mention!
The limo driver is going like 120 hahaa, so fun!
OAI-PMH pull successfully converting to html and dealing with resumption token. Now, can I crawl it.
They told me I had type-A blood, but it was a Type-O.
and to the sickest intramural softball team ever created ! haha
Next season, it will be #Saturday every Sunday in Green Bay.
It's amazing how guys can take care of Jordan's, but can't take care of a woman.
Ha! We've been defining "disrupt" differently. Re-read the original article.
oh and ikr we'd have to be there real early to get near the front lol
Worst Idea of the Week: Putting shucked crawfish directly into the outdoor trash can. Apologies to our neighbors. (cc )
My little brother has a death grip,I'm losing circulation in finger D:
Silver Shamrock had a great time at Funny or Die Today, Team 1 working with #Weird Al Team 2 with David Spade.
great game 2nite i'm ur #1 fan/girl
on Jersey Shore. Took me a minute to realize it, but I was singing along...
thank you!, same to you girl!
Sleeping diagonally & not touching a side of the bed after a four-game day, heaven!
T-3hrs. until the #MADMEN Season 5 Premiere! Watch w/ us 60s Costumes, Retro Cocktails, Trivia, & Catch the Season 4 finale!
great new photo!
#EverydayIThinkAbout why people see 3D movies when they could be living life. But it’s harder to eat popcorn doing that.
okay my christmas list is .. LoverDose perfume, white swatch, nails done, laptop and a car!
I don't have cable duh
Yeah but without a car, I don't know that it's easy to get to the port in Tswassen
I hate moving it's the worst!
I bet you loved hearing Khali sing happy birthday to Cena!
iTunes Creator Leading Apple TV Development (AAPL) via
Late to the party...but somewhere in Japan, Ichiro Jones just hit a pair of home runs.
Is it me...or has The Lorax been in the theater for a really, really long time?
Kissing is healthy, less keep the docs away:)
Brand Name Punk live Tonight @ The Rock Shop (Washington and 13th) $5 BNP shirts and FREE stickers! <3 <3 <3
idk some people might get mado ill keep my mouth shut
If you and your ex remain friends, it could only mean one of two things: either you're still in love, or never really were...
I wish I could've gone with you!
you are the biggest cry baby ever to play in the NFL! Get over yourself!!!
I think I should just forget about that person that I loved for six years because I will never see him a gain
I love the L'OREAL voluminous mascara!!
You're welcome, thanks for being a great partner! Cc
For those of you who don't know....Voices In the Clouds is a documentary about the indigenous cultures of Taiwan.
Delude many minds into acquiescence
you haters are always gonna hate regardless
Plus, remember OAK will suppress his power somewhat, as well as hurt his avg. thanks to large foul area (vs., say, BOS).
Happy Thanksgiving Everyone! Come see us tomorrow for a perfect #Black Friday break-:)
Some the new music and genres that are coming out....are out of this world!
The only predator that polar bears have are humans Many insects can carry 50 times their own body weight The last land battle of the U
said yes!
Thanks - just what I needed! RT Congrats, Liz Koslov, you've won free coffee for a week!
they send me mind every month so I don't gotta by them I got that one
ah :x
Native Survivors Of Foster Care Return Home - NPR
ShouT ouT tO my PFellowmisfits Big T, MJ For GOin out therre way to help us bring the next voices of radio To the world
It's typing everything I'm saying! Stop it -- Stop it -- STOP IT!
Excellent! Thanks so much. Is there a demo of Beard-Stair/ source of images that could illustrate the project's approach?
Hahaha that's awesome!! Eff Giggles! And enjoy your world record... until next month. Uh oh...
My fingers are tired, if your looking for a great fathers day gift, please check us out :) thesilktie.com
Tomorrow, #NotYourStandardBingo with & at will have a Missed Connections theme. Who's winning tickets?
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 85k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x5
Thanks for popping in! (tweets are by too)
honestly, I think Twitter parody accounts should be banned - can be slanderous and inflammatory; base it on identity...
Bout To Go Lay Down :)
vertonghen is going to Spuds because he will be 1st choice, can't blame him, we you can for choosing Spuds haha
In LA. I'm looking forward to warmer weather.
I'm gonna have to fix this ASAP.
Find me a better SS for the money he's received. His defense is unappreciated by people like YOU.
Thanks popcorn kernel, the one that is currently jammed in my gums and refuses to come out, my tooth hurts now!
Thanks for the follow! Loved your "Beauty of Trains" YouTube videos - we recognized a lot of those lines!
gross, huh??
#ilovewhen I am able to sleep till 5 pm and no one will wake me up!
Our first iPad app Is It Night or day will be free for the next week. The usual price is $2.99. Great deal
Don't think I've ever been less excited for a
#Sale of 1x used #bulk #bags- held sugar/liners removed bags, spout top & bottom, avg size LxW 32x38 -height range 47-52’’ - Call now!
Watching Obama Boy the wear is showing. Look at the dark eyes. Just wating till things get so bad before we move out of the USA again
- i'm not ignoring you? are you not getting my texts.. am i not getting yours? <U+E401>
The Tavern Downtown is proud to be The Official Fan Headquarters for UCONN Huskies Women's Basketball! If your a UCONN fan or want join...
Lee Crockett: The Bottom Line: Even Fish Need Yearly Checkups: Any doctor would point out that this year's report wasn't a clean bill...
Last Monday of the semester. Woo
Oh my god. We should be best friends. You are gorgeous.
5 - FREE Posters with flyer orders of 1000+ this week! Call today to place your order OR email :)
Bwahaha! "How long are you gonna ignore me?" "Until the shame cloud clears." Love
Titanic in 3 D....??? not impressed. Plenty of water... but whats new!
Stop asking me to be yo girl you sounding like a fool to me !
who is
I honestly don't even know :o it said suggestions on the side and I saw you so I clicked it :3
had a fun night with seeing Hugo and having Chinese buffet and picking up my new vacuum
all sports are clicking.
This week needs to be over, like NOW!
Even though we're not in the same prom group in happy I got to get my hair done with :)
Well officially single! well now i can enjoy it!!! ha i wish lol 2 bad :'(
pic of my legs x)
Have you been to Vevay, Ind.? What do you love about it?
I WANNA BE BIANCAS FRIEND
hey C.P. it's cousin Pete from MN...
I haven't eaten that much gluten at once in many a month. But when it's a great NY style slice, ya gotta.
yeah I know. People don't care. Anymore people will do anything for money.
Timbers have played a solid first half, tied @ 1 w/Galaxy @ halftime.
I see u slutface!!! On the floor !!! U all on top n shit!!!
If DiabloIII lives on your machine: I can be found as ASWRosenbach#1267. The Doctor as a blood-drenched barbarian amuses me to no end...
Do this for the good of the nation devil rays!!
has million more followers than
would it be awkward if I told you it feels weird not sleeping in your bed tonight?
what time is it? #gametime :)
appreciate it man..having practice right now..stop thru whenever..Just Sundays and Wednesdays now..
Favorite time of year!! Churchill Charger footbal! At Meet the Chargers!!
yup. They rock. I'm super proud of them and am sad I'll miss their senior year. Hope I get to write letters of rec 4them!
Well actually, only two colors lol. I see green as red, and red as green.
I use my phones calendar all the time..lol.
8- did i mention im excited for warped tour?! I GET TO SEE !! DUDE! EPIC!! and i never say that.
#WhenAustin does his daily how is your day tweet <3 [From ]
Shout Out to shes a really cool person, she tweets really good stuff, and she follows back soo goo follow her now :)))
okay. i think i've narrowed my list down to 10 songs i'd like to record
Guys its ok to show your feelings it won't make u a bitch geesh
I hope to see u soon :)
Bill k looks so happy taking notes
Same :'( 'cause of our school's stupid graduation I'm not even in that little play so yah
Nuke plants in Santa Anna, VA shutting down as precaution after earthquake. Ppl shaky too. Whew. Mobile service spotty in dc. Gov evacked.
I just wrote a long response defending - is this real life?
No Matt today is the aniverery of osoma's death
Maybe my tastes have become more mainstream, but I'm excited to hear the new Jack White and new Dr. John.
Surman @ #inplay2012 - moving back from proprietary operating systems to HTML/Web over the next years; back to Legoicity.
Its snowing!!! Classes are still on tonight! Foxtrot and Tango at 7pm and Salsa at 8pm. See you tonight
Then do it.
just fell asleep on my floor and woke up under my bed...
Forgive me Happy Mothers Day
I just sent you an email about your TVs. We are interested. Hope to hear back from you soon. Thanks. Scott B
Since I have Friday off, I will be using it to apply for schools and loans and such.
Fired up tip 729 find the courage to truly be yourself and let your greatness shine
At the at the #Sports Book!!! Amazing!!!! In heaven!
Tonight at 7:30 being interviewed by Sarah Cahill on along with Nathan Davis for Monday's SFCMP concert
haha that's right.
We wanna go to for brunch but 11am is so far away! We could starve!
Awesome!! You ROCK!
#Crew96 stuck in O'Hare. Bring our boys home.
Interview number 1 today and another next week, please let one of them come through!!!!
I think I may legitimately cry when I finally see next week.
See Smokie the Bear hanging in front of ?
Sometimes I just don't want to talk about tentacle rape in the carpool.
Get this in WPoint now!! RT : Today's special for brunch. French toast with carmeled apples and a berry compote. Jumbo Bloodies $5.
One great use of words is to hide our thoughts
I think Greinke is getting too cute with his pitches once he get to two strikes.
today, while teaching, i heard the phrase "he can wreck some fools" come out of my mouth.
you are catching on!
I believe both!
Happy birthday I wanted to be the first person but # epicfail
Thanks for the follow!
Interesting 1st half. Let's go Lake Show!
LOL yes, especially if they grew up homeless.
“Our lives improve only when we take chances and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves.” -W. Anderson
He was convicted. He goes to start 14 yr sentence today. Good luck. Now go find some news that's relevant to this city today!
With this wisdom in my hand i have decided to drink hopslam > nugget nectar... and enjoy the ride
Fitness test right? IT ALL HURTS SO BAD. we can share the pain together now lol.
Discussing business entities and liability on AM 580 WDBO. Give us a call 1800-329-5858
An all new episode of "Rock Stars" airs tomorrow night in a new time slot. 8pm ET/PT on The National Geographic Channel!
I wonder if New York missed me as much as I missed it..
ok.. so i REALLY want a moving icon but i have no clue how to get one.. help.
wow...now that is going back
What is Cenosillicaphobia the fear of? Answer: Fear of an empty glass. My first phobia...who knew?
im on follow limit sorry
Just hold me tight. Stay by my side. Let me be the one who calls you baby.
thanks for the followback bud, much appreciated
how old r u jade?:)
scunsion amazing things have been accomplished today. Hahah I just don't know what they are exactly.
Brek Shea (USA) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
gossip girl is pissing me off
Taking the piss
Thanks so much!
you know I was all about Selena!
teen wolf on monday's
Mel Katz is touted as "chair" of Yes on D campaign. Now we know where he is going to get the $$ for the library. Tax hike!
Hope the race was great!
i learn absolutely nothing in physics.
Lady confession on The Bachelor - "I wish it was just over and done with and we were just going to the grocery store right now."
If the Fallen finds the tomb of the Prime, your world would be no more. Only Prime can beat the Fallen.. Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen
I'll be there on the webcast from New Jersey...Katie Hall will be there in the flesh...I guess I will too, on video screen!
Saturday was a long day of IT for the parents in Murphys (2.5hrs each way), today is brunch, hacking, and District 19.
Regal Car Sales and Credit - Muskogee in Da' House!!
where is this?
Happy fathers day to the dads out there
A person that loves to help people
:) Fuck yeah man!! My favorite is ISOS 3 personally, but I enjoy the whole series (though admittedly I have not heard Durand's ISOS).
#TIGERS LOSE! Another day, another alternate win/loss. #LeylandBall at it's best!
Possible. This whole thing has been bizarre from the start. I'm seeking further comment.
Still considering driving to Montrose for Father's Day.
Deleting unread #emails from yahoo and gmail accounts
It's 's birthday. She's 40! Finally old enough to date Harry! You know he loves 'em 40 and up!
thanks for being a #tutor with us ! your dedication to your student since september has been invaluable!
Happy New Year All!!!!!
I think that was actually an FF I should have thanked you for. So thanks for that! Looking forward to reading your posts!
friend of nowhere just lost a digital music collection. if only there was some stable physical media to store music - oh wait vinyl ;)
did you hear about the diablo 3 open beta?
I hate cats, they're annoying as fuck
Alrighty. Hey - any chance you'll start carrying the Forum Blue jerseys again?
What if the Rangers win EVERY game this year?
pouring my heart out to a girl like dumbass and watching sportscenter -__- its peaceful here though.
The Man..
Going to Wright's field in Alpine to map "undesirable plant species" with Claude E today.
#FF Make it happen RT when I make it to 1,000 followers I am going to build a Viking-style funeral pyre and throw myself onto it
Escuchando y mi amigo " por la
RT : Come out to the Chicago Cultural Plan neighborhood conversation today from 6-8pm at the Copernicus Cultural and...
Thanks for coming over last night! Bonanza was way more work than it's supposed to be. But I'm glad you were there!
Have your assignments cross borders of different course modules
Love my Snowball Blue Mic :)
work week done!!! TIME for the Immanuel Lutheran's basketball tourney! LETS GO LIONS!!!
When someone has something bad to say about you, just remember, they probably have nothing good to say about themselves.
Caught my first Lob today!! Feels too nice :)
same--cool site.
Break a leg, Leah!
always hopeful! Also my first name is Hope. :)
what started that? Missed it...
Knock on wood! Thankfully, no business valuations for marital dissolutions this Holiday Season.
#BTRtour WHAT THEM TOUR DATES B LIKE
Nervous bout procedure on spinal injs found in neck. its been a long time coming...
Yup your parents taught you well, no love unless she is wrapped in cellophane wrap.
FOLLOW ME. I LOVE YOU BOYS.
I have an addiction to dying my hair next is blonde with new nose ring and green contacts <3
HA HA HA HA HA!!! I got 1 word for you DIRK!!! Still no rings LeBronda!!!
Might be holding your hand but I'm holding it loose And the love kick starts again
Life Turns on a Dime.
Amar'e had been lost since they got Chandler...Melo roll bounce back, but the bigger issue is Stat
Time to start walking...
I'm self-distributing, which is a lot more work but also more rewards. The newness is long gone, but I'm still tickled.
nothing due tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> & the fact you tweet me is pretty cool, I think <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Chillin out with friends from out of town
Hokies with a big strike 'em out, throw 'em out play to end top 7th.
oh my goodness does that mean you were laptop and tweeting and driving??? ahhhahhhahhah :)
Rack city bitch, show me where yo ass an ya titties is!
SO YOU THINK YOU CAN DANCE 2 HOUR FINALE.... QHO COULD IT BE- SASHA TADD MALANIE MARKO
#CodyJakeUstream shoutout to Megan, Jackie, Sammy in NY ?
I wonder what kind of trouble you can get in for borrowing a brain? I like how you guys have it worked out - collaboration.
I've reached a new level of weirdness - I actually squeaked with joy at finding The Hobbit paperback at Target today. Yes, I bought it. :)
No it's not.
domestic beer+twinkies sounds amazing
What can we say, We hear the word #Baals and we pay attention. Incidentally we love #Geeky #Gaming chicks! Your Bffs
UpFront with NGS: Celebrate Preservation Week 2012!
I was one of the lucky few to attend this amazing event! RT :Wildflower Linen Fashion Show - Women of Chapman!...
#Fitness #exercise Excuse of the Day: I had to work late. What's your excuse?
the plan tomorrow is still secret to me!
things are good!!! GOD is really moving in my life!! #blessed!! No we haven't shot yet, still In pre-production!
Wow thanks and good morning RT : burrito beach _ west egg _ Einstein bagels &lt;--- best places to eat at n Chicago!
Interested in corporate philanthropy? Join us in Katzen for the 1st #ArtsManagement capstone presentation of the day cc
Guess who gets to hang with Bo tonight?? I do! You can too! Zimbrick Buick-GMC West, beltline and Fish Hatchery from 6-7pm-I'll be there 5-7
Yup! We heard that! :)
Its curtains for THE LAKESHOW!!!
I tried to tell her I ain't shit... Smh. She shoulda listened.
Happiness is a direction, not a place
Quote of the day: "When you have plans cancelled at the last minute, just say fine and make better plans."
Happy Birthday Peter! Hope it's a good one :)
The backroom was pretty dope!!
We had a great show with all our floridian friends tonight....
Purchased a bottle from specs this past weekend. Theres three different makes. The Italia is right though...
"And it's beautiful people like you, who suck the life right out of my heart"
Praise God!
im speechless right now..
Initially I was pissed and then I was sad and now I just dont care
Refuse to be average. Let your heart soar as high as it will- Aiden Wilson Tozer
that's crazy<U+E40D> I use a about 3,000 a month and I thought that was a lot.
He's not black or white, he's a Capital.
you sure about that?
that's hype... Why do girls think its so special ?
This is the platonic non-ideal of a Monday.
Shark Tank <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0081>
Heck Yeah! Go Wolfpack!!!!!
Whitney Houston was so pretty
Whale bout to head home and get ready for school tomorrow . God I hate BART
ok ,give me linkk!!!!
Can anyone explain to me how they are calling Wisconsin for Romney when only 13% of the vote has been counted and they are only apart by 1%?
sorry it's not good enough for you smoke-master. I thought it was cool, haha.
Nobody I have told about it has ever understood it. It's a mystical art.
Street Beauty Entertainment.....Houston's Best Female Entertainment
Dallas Skyline WR Ra'Shaad Samples has picked up an official offer from the #UT coaches.
Hopefully, so can Isaac Redman, et al.
Hit sports then more sports you will see NASCAR. then NASCAR live. Some PA station
I believe, I believe, I believe... Now let's go!
NOTHING WE SAW THEIR BAND AND LEARNED THEY ALREADY CHECKED OUT
go buy that single off I-Tunes its called Peace and is by a group of brothers engulfed in their Kingship..also on googleplay,zune and amazon
you forgot about me! do it before you get outta school bby
I guess I'm a psycho? Yea I'm a psycho
I'm hoping Don Mattingly bobblehead night turns it around for the Rockies...
hugs to you!
i sometimes find myself floating in a pool of sadness. i'm not quite fully drenched yet, thankfully. i'm just hovering at the surface.
I like his hair. And eyes. His face too. Okay I'm done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
oh, you flatter!
Thanks a lot man! We have to catch up soon.
wheres Greeny this morning i needed to hear that complaining against the heat Win
12 more to go. We can do this
Damn. This is gonna be dope as fuck.
Can't wait for tonight!:)
: That's the plan today! We have a birthday party to attend. Parenthood is an endless stream of birthday parties.
Someone stole my cute welcome mat that gave me! I'm livid! Karma is a BITCH and so is the ratchet person who took it!
love it! Definitely sharing with my elementary colleagues.
I was at the store & there was a lady in front of me until i heard her deep ass voice i looked at her so fast & noticed she was a man.
Really grateful! totally ROCKS. Thank you!!!
Dallas friends: if you're going to earth day at the band shell next wkd, make sure to check out , a bay band w a great sound
yo amanda! thanks for "liking" us on facebook! you rock!! now go watch its always sunny in philadelphia,,,gonna be crazy!!!!1
I feel like Mifflin should be a trending topic. But probably everyone is too drunk to tweet about it.
Learning how to die shouldn't be what teaches us how to live.AJH
Isn't she lovely?
Corrine, it is a staggering thought
Live video: UFC on Fox 3 post-fight presser - USA TODAY (blog)
thinking about walking to #SuperAmerica to get a soda (or something to drink)
I mean meal
This party was fantastic. Good for you. Wish you the best for the new year.
If you win you should start vlogging your next steps. That would be so amazing to watch!!
Alabama Shakes, my new favorite band.
I love you You're awesome!!
Watching a training video on how to properly wash your hands. Should I add this training to my resume?
I wake up with Money on ma Mind so ma Goal is to get this Money
by many chances ;)
lol anything else apart from those are pretty irrelevant to me. lolol. narnia issues.
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 10
what is it about?
I was more thinking of Euro 2012, this is HUGE HUGE against the Netherlands. (Portugal plays them in draw stage)
That loud bra. We wit it.
anytime!!! Cowboy Dawg for beer bread is a perfect trade!
Schell Games (Pittsburgh & Austin) hiring Game Designer, UI Artist, Producer, Texture Artist, Web Dev, Tech FX Artist
u didn't even share!
11 months with the man I love
Looks like there's a brat fry in the Spaights
please follow me it would be soo
me and sorge have been texting all night
Awesome: Head to the page, let it load, hold the "J" key.
YOOO go to your itunes play a song and press CMD T .. i discovered this by accident! im in a trance right now!
lol, they look very cozy. And maybe a little yeti-like.
"If you are so afraid of making a mistake that you do nothing, then two things happen: You don’t learn; You make no money." via Kim Kiyosaki
morning Joe.
Oh no! The cyclomatic complexities of these methods are too large! Oh my!
Good Night Twitter... Have School tmrw && GNitte To && iiLy Guys
Friday monthly Screening presented by and get ready for raffle & prizes …shortsatsbjan2012-eorg.eventbrite.com
Smh at the fact that ur with Lucas. Such a bad influence.
push through the day! :-)
Probably hate me now.
Gunna be a good night...freddy just shook my hand and smiled
its no other way to take a male-to-male wink
your welcome!! hope your day is great!! how r U?
When will the judging stop?
So who's buying their pre-sale tix to Rihanna today?? I have til 7 to buy mine =/
Thanks Candice. I'm sure he understands.
i'll have a look and send my thoughts your way :)
Whenever I get hungry now, my body decides that its tired and must sleep. I wake up later & I'm not hungry anymore. Sleep = food? #wtf weird
Happy New year!
Thank you!(:
tix are for tomorrow. discussion to follow at length.
awesome!!! Tweet me when you want to come! I'll arrange a special table for you!
i'm not drowning
San Diego convention center at the Mastermind Summit. Dave Ramsey up to speak next.
we gotta take you on a tour of Pittsburgh while you're here. You should hit up the Carnegie Museum...its near the venue.
do people still go to bonaroo?
Thankxxx for the follow. Have fun on ur date...
3 candidates now advocating for restructuring of BDC
Things are a brewin.... In Big D - 2012!
Oh, I guarantee the dick has already sent a text to my landlord blaming me. Preparing my OJ rebuttal- If it don't fit...
going to the Pittsburgh Mills
like! “: at Blogworld I'm going to hand out my index cards as I read them. #givingback #shehechat”
exactly. nuttin but a G thing baby....
you too man!
blah blah blah music oh now you talking
And not a minute sooner! RT : "I want to be all used up when I die." - George Bernard Shaw
Chelsea are really gonna do it aren't they. Amazing.
Coach Bishop just called me 3 times in a row... #Thirsty lol
You will never be an exceptional person if you fight only ordinary battles. Jesus paved the way for a victorious life....if you choose HIM!
It's cold in my room :(
You need to start referring to as "Hanutty".
thanks boo : ) ! I love you to <3
there are two old ladies walking through my neighborhood opening trash cans to look for metal they can sell, not even being discreet.
u can still suck it lol bad outing
My Year In Lists
#mythoughtsatschool can I go home yet?
Time For More Friends And Im Not Talking Girls I think I Have Enough Of Thoses But No HOmo
You bet it will be on DVD. I am releasing it on YouTube in about a month. Going to be EPIC!
hm, define make out.
Thanks for the RT Meg! Looking forward to our 1pm meeting with Maria today, so many exciting things in the works!
Penalty shot????
wait til Saturday night when you lose an hour.
Man, is there a better duo in the NBA than and Russell Westbrook this year?
I am looking for tech writing work in the Cincinnati area.
a drop in the ocean , a change in the weather , i was praying that yu & me might end up together <3 .
Thanks again Mike!
Going to 's cantina tonight to support mycrodot a local band in the semi finals battle of the bands contest. Plz join me starts @ 830
Texas has some crazy good mexican food. Tex mex anyway.
Thank you will do. Love people who I can be inspired be decorating.
Pictures don't do it justice. The best part is closing your eyes, feeling the sun on your face and SMELLING the flowers
No distractions...
Feeling oddly at home watching a tech fashion show at the NY Armory
Happiest of Happy Birthdays to my dear friend ! Hope you have a wonderful day in the city! xoxo
that's lame
#10favouritebands. Avenged Seven Fold
Hey , I LOVE YOU!!! please, please, please follow me:)
It's a sad little circle jerk that gets played out during awards season. Still winning awards playing maids; what can one expect?
still feeling awful- praying Ryan doesnt get this.
Only fitting that Molina gets the final out after La Russa was ejected! #BREWERS Great game by the Wolfman!
Alright folks, it’s your last chance to stop by the table for a chance to win great prizes! Come see us!
I am so dumb! I didn't realize Vancouver was a 24 hr drive away... There are other parts to Canada besides Ontario Haley
#SpriteSlam Kyle Lee Watson
People who say they don't need other people are usually the loneliest people, and they hate to admit it.
Dozing off while watching AGT. :l An 11 hour work day really does a number on someone. :p
are you even still here
Just found - teaches inmates needlework skills
I'll be there!
Fort Lesbian!
Indexie jams collate in a metaphorifically aromatic smorgasbord of linguistically articulated rose-smelling constructed intelligences. Z
I got my hands on her butt
probably more than monthly tweet. Been exploring other aspects of life recently: reading, teaching, etc.
To go to sleep
You didn't see a defense of tweet quality by claiming SM's primary use as a megaphone is authentic communication?
One time out of the year where I have to dress fancy. Happy Easter everybody
Reviewing Ebook course lessons and watching a movie on Lifetime. Is it wrong to eat after midnight?
Won't be moving the newly-found materials here for a bit , should have shot some pictures - where was 's yummy camera??
Life is a beach I'm just playing in the sand! ;D
The hardest part about being a bartender is figuring out who is drunk and who is just stupid.
RT - A commercial for ESPN, halftime for The Jacksonville Jaguars game, and halftime for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers game
happy hump day
Fair. There are better points, this particular one was in response to the 'it's ugly' argument against preservation.
'Cause you're the only reason why I wake up in the morning, baby (`<U+25BD>´)-s
u got these losers furious
Happiness can be the beginning of sadness because so many people look for happiness when its already all around them
#schoolmemories fat, ugly, teased, & got no bitches. At least I aren't fat anymore.
First time I've actually listened to u sing. Not 2 bad. :D
For the first time ever, I might have to forego wine on "Bachelor" night!
As for the other, I'll get over it. I've just got the angries today--which seems to be more frequent than I'd like
if you have access to a car, try to visit Saguaro National Park & then to Gates Pass for sunset. Some of my favorite spots anywhere.
ugh i feel like crap.. damn sinuses and cold going through me.. i just want to get back in bed and feel better quick.. someone take care of
The World isnt ready! They not ready!!!!
I hope you had a great time in my city. :-)
What's your favorite breakfast spot in atl - ? talk too me atlanta !
a girl with many inspiration
Love my room freezing just to have an excuse to get closer
Again Mark, some people want the REAL benefits that come from marriage... it's not all about sex.
Some women follow men, some women follow their dreams
Don't you love spelling things wrong in a tweet, have to delete it, and then rewrite the entire thing? Cause I don't.
Do I really love him or am I addicted to the pain of wanting something I can't have.
What I find the most disturbing about Romney is that he was a vulture capitalist and considers that an honorable profession.
f you! I haven't done nothin. you don't holla at me any more
Perfect! RT : its a friday, its gorgeous outside, getting off work at 1:30 instead of 4:30, tonight
please send good artist with potential.growth. i need these artist comparable to this years grammy nominees.
Thanks for participating in Pasco Trivia
yup you did, I was there too.
Welcome to the team!
You are welcome for the follow. Sorry it took me so long to respond. Remember U can Tweet me N E time. Tweet! Tweet!
Any articles or advice on students w ODD or ADHD out there? #edchat Any new strategies help!
u be on that too cuz??? Lls
Too many mimosas equals too many shared feelings! Happy Easter!
Facebook buys Instagram
<3 RT : Driving with my mom and 's Ghosts came on and she starting singing along. I may listen to this song too much.
I took a cold shower so I could cool down. But when I got out I was hot all over again
that's kinda like... "nobody can get your goat if they don't know what it's tied to"
oh man that is embarrassing! But good for that guy.
let us know if you ever need us to cater an event for you :)
Lmao American Doesn't have pride like us boy!
The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn - Part 2. The thrilling conclusion of the world wide hit series. Bella Good or Evil? What has she become?
Im sorry, but i think that you dont deserve a brand new car after totaling your other one. you dont deserve anything at all.
Please it 11:11 follow me? And I just said I hope you come true!<111 <3
Fist before final
New IBM BPM Software Integrates Social, Cloud and Mobile
I wanna come! Where?
don't worry i have something to say
:) Thanks so much, Ron!
thanks! Hope you're well. How was #HCIDC? Did you meet ?
Out of the fire and into the fire again you make me want to forget and start all over here it comes straight out of my mind or worse
Happy Birthday Chicago !!
Cork City in Ireland but been living in the U.S for a few years now
Also, comparing mean SES isn't relevant-- compare total N served, & among those w same admissions standards
Better stop now before the cops are.called
May & June are going to be exciting for the boxing world. Interesting fights. Too bad we have to wait.
need some sponsorships for the Miss California USA Pageant! laundry then work! then... VEGAS!!
Sold both my paintings and a few prints at this year's Artomatic! :) This Saturday I will be selling more art at the Bethesda Artist Market!
I made those hot-dog-related green tomato pickles and OMG THEY ARE SO GOOD
well where ATL is playing is like 2hours and 30 mins away from where we live and we dont have license:(
Where ignorance is our master, there is no possibility of real peace. - Dalai Lama
he knew he had it coming
-sings- I never can say goodbye girl o o o baby i never can say goodbye no no no no no no no no no o heyy!
Just finished homewrok. Also saw the convo with Kowalski and that one chick >=(
A Candid Conversation with is starting now!
I see a lot of bad bitches in the building
Thank you very much! I have to thank the designers at Penguin and Crown for the covers!
yeah we do!
": white girls with black girl ass are like black men with a PHD very rare but when you do see it nothing but RESPECT
": Expectations can lead to disappointments"
hahahahha yes maybe :/
Via Coach Mike Pointer in last nights commercial class "information is only power if you use it"
WOW! How different! Thanks. :)
When you havent slept for 49 hours the most disturbing thing to see is your sister coming out of the shower. Without a towel
Owens. Redemption?
Remember! Attend one of our booth theater presentations this week, and have a chance to win a $25 gift card.
I need a quick response for when I overhear "You need to learn more English."
check out our portfolio at www.creativerebellion.ca
should be spending tonight with #BUTNO <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Good night with great people.
If Facebook really did have a dislike button, some serious shit would go down..
Pet peeve: People who walk by you in a hallway, on the street, etc. and go out of their way to avoid eye contact.
same here, droppin my single next month...I'll keep you posted on it...
Good Morning JayPrince and FFTAMG Fans and Supporters...!!!
hahaha, that's the only kind of wild turkey I need to be interacting with, or we will all be in trouble ; ) Enjoy your ride
Come on Ed carpenter
If you can get me on TV
funny weird? Is that good ;-;
I love the music Joe plays at the beginning of his videos. and end too.
Watching 90210. They have combined an Xmas episode with a clip episode. Five minutes in, the worst episode so far.
You really have no idea. Side note -- the smell before you wash them again. Several times. Obviously.
will be sending u sumthn today
Sunday best# is the day of the lord
"He devoted his talents to the invention of wonderfully ingenious contraptions of dubious practicality."
if they're really trolls, & you're talking about them, ur feeding them. You know better than that, right? Mebbe not trolls?
Is trying to decide whether pho or sliders sound better for dinner..
my hair is long... I kinda want to cut it... but I know I'm just gonna do the same shit and not be able to grow it out super ass long.
going to the Florida State Fair today!
was recently profiled as a firm that had access to TOO much data… their phones were ringing off the hook the next day
Floyd bro u?
Awesome! It's nice to know that people still try to support local music. Make sure to stay in touch since we update regularly
#jerseyshore tonight? hell yeah!!! (:
I have too cook my own food now. There's nothing but seafood.
Hows the food there? Is parking free? Patients want to know :)
did'ya like my call me maybe? it's for austin. ;)
Check out my art sale on www.flickfordart.com and the launch of my web & graphic design firm www.digitalmarketingmasters.com
Will be on set with my idol Kelly Clarkson tmr :)
Split Sheet - song writers split sheet should only be used as a record of information with regard to copyright ownership of the composition.
how are your Coyotes doing? and how close is it to the playoffs?
omfg, i just died :O
Thanks for the add!
Our commitment to customer service is based on friendly personnel that will give you the best treatment and fair and reasonable prices
I've got your back. Nobody messes with Mother Monster.
#UN gen sec Ban Ki-moon will appoint a special representative for #youth .
Back To The Future after 25+ years is still so incredibly funny, creative and an absolute delight to watch.
Ruud van Nistelrooy, Tra-la-la la-la, Ruud van Nistelrooy, Tra-la-la-la-la-la... Thank you Van!
oh shit haha it was fun
Hey #CTIAW12...in need of a tasty refreshing treat? Come see us in Hall G convention!
Children of Africa - lens canon
Wet weather continues to be an issue. Temperature 51 & dewpoint 48 means drying out a chip a slow process. Best to schedule repair later.
Download our new demo track "The Bastard Son Of Iggy Pop" for free on our Facebook page!
if you need me to work on something get me some good quality pics! not asking for money just a little exposure.
That loss is Kobe's fault.
Who are the food venders at the 2011 Rose Festival City Fair Culinary Courtyard?
#ff HUGE thanks your support You ROCK! <U+263A>
I know it's ben forever dood.! But congratulations :))
CUNY J-School for life. Made amazing friends.
HEY! Be sure to follow Matt & Nick on their channels! and AND follow Matt on Ping! Just search "Matt Ruiz" :D
i was taking 16.5 with anatomy now im at 12.5
on me early bird. <U+2615><U+2615><U+2615>
Oh so my boyfriend said is the best looking member of 1D and wants hair like him.
It's World Water day: if you live in #SanDiego and care about #cleanwater: follow
how did Shelby 1st break the news 2 u that he wanted 2 b a race car driver & what was your first reaction when he told u?? XOXO
Close your eyes and clone yourself, build your heart an army to your innocence while you do everything wrong.
National Association of Realtors: U.S. pending home sales climbed 4.1% in March to reach the highest level since April 2010.
A5: Get up on stage and start telling your best jokes!
happy birthday <U+2665>
Met with today. Wow! Great projects going on for improving education, safety nets & self-sufficiency. Folo them for more.
Lmfao.. hahhaha.. he just said "if i had to be a singer.. id be the first singer with a lisp" then proceeds to sing!!! >.< *Rollin* lmao!!!
Take me white castle and let's have a slider eating contest
Portland, are you there? It's us.
Good morning twitterverse! Three nights in a row I woke up late, what up with dat!
yeah the call is in! RTt : I know you love your nickname, but no need to cut the lights. You are not an actual club.
Just walked past the most dreamy cop ever n of course stuff falls outta my pocket....
Just found out: #jessicasanchez will be on for Memorial Day Concert 5/27 8pm singing National Anthem & The Prayer
Chuck and Reggie need to do games together. They are a great good-guy bad-guy combo.
Can I get a smashburger on Matzoh? Happy Passover!
I spent my fourth like most returing millitary vets. on the floor ducking for cover. Why must we blow things up to celebrate independance?
Played and busted the Bellagio 1500 without winning one single hand. Hate it!
Next to get it ... S/O #Team TrickyBizness. Its a MotionPicture...
After the game, every single player should form a line and shake Randy Wolf and Corey Hart's hands.
Loved the MTV Movie Awards=]
Idiocy begins at home. Or something like this.
I so wanna see you and Karen in a ring with gloves that way she can't grab your hair! That chic can't fight only pull hair!
Happy Birthday to the wonderful and ! :)
i know. lol. i jus figured id be a good friend and make things worse (:
Peggy Noonan's right about one thing: we have evermore ways to say something, and ever less to say. Delivery has outstripped content.
What exactly is "minor loss of fidelity"? How can a loss of fidelity be minor exactly?Riddle me that Excel!
No problem ;)
Carbon Monoxide is a major killer and it IS that season again. A carbon monoxide detector can save a life this winter. Don't Hesitate
good shit appreciate the honest feedback
#callmejennette , please I LOVE YOU:)
"Nothing drives a man to drink, then right before or right after a prostate exam." w.w.w.anthonygriffith.com
Craziness at the pool today....lets keep it going ALL NIGHT! Shots anyone?
I love my vacation on Australia and then disneyland on Florida :) *giggles*
Sac High works... Have to remind the tax payers
Was SO surprised when my hubby told me I was mentioned on !! Apparently Dave Pensado was really curious about Dave Huff's...
Be honest. A "Nature Valley Granola Thin" is really just a cookie.
I'm gonna need the sun to shine
On my way to Chicago Twitter family. I may make this flight. I may not. Expect a bunch of CAPS if I don't.
me too brother. Me to
thanks! thinking 9:30 is a tad early to open one of the bombers....
This man just told his daughter "love you. Glad I didn't pull out"
that's just an awesome hat
Nice time for guitar
with womping it up!!
I think our citizen scientists just discovered the camel crickets that leap at us out of dark basements are aliens, the natives are missing.
We reviewed the film Big Money Rustlas. We suffer so you don't have to. Bring on the hate mail.
You got it.
Off is the general direction in which I wish you would fuck
I have no problem with dem kids. All the kids in this place have excellent taste.
THANKS TO EVERYBODY SHOWING LOVE!! S/O TO FOR SHOWING LOVE ALSO!
sigh .... I miss sonic
no i do D;
Thnx 4 listening dude! RT ..I'm loving every minute of it .. DL spittin that realness
Suz and I just said goodbye to our good buddy Nina Godinez and her cousin Amanda. We miss Leroy!! Come back soon guys!
Day 69 of 100: I am thankful for the wonderful trees I have all around my house: heavenly!
short form. not ready for prime time. better but no cigar.
I was just on Emily's Facebook & saw some girl posted 'Nicki Minaj seriously needs to die' ...... bitch why you mad?
Dear Aspiring Author: When sending a query, it's helpful to include your name. Thank you.
What a hideous, and ill-advised, DS!
well, you know what they say about wolves in sheeps clothing, right... be will always be a Blogasaurus Rex.
oh yea I forgot you were coming! I hope you brought your sweet tooth!
that after biggie died kim career when down, I mean kim become a mother fucking beast in rap music and blow up over night!! Lol
looking for a green company to buy building in LA county, good cash deal for start up company. Zoned for manufacturing.
U know u need a vacay when u see someone running for the train & u just want to stick out ur food & trip them.
BUT I AM
Santa is the best...
even if they start stalking? ha
thank you, I think it was a great learning experience for my students!
you got a twitter !!?!!?! Yay this is so GRAND ;)
What do you love most about #occupational #therapy?
Desire is possibility seeking expression or function seeking performance.
Get shit done
“Service is the goal of time and the destination of space.” (316:4) 28:6.19
uve gone to six flags wit mee ;D and we saw which was the most amazing thing!!!!!! bcuhsss it was forr my birthday!
of course ;) ever need anything let me know
Congrats!!! “: Just found out that we're having a boy!! Due November 4.”
don't you two know any other songs!? lol
nah not harsh...jus how id do her lol
Hi Karen. Need to touch base re Lovelace when possible. Thank you!
Ever time I watch a video of 1D they make me happy and my day better:)
for me it is :)
I used to think YOLO was another form of saying "Hey whats up" #I'mCool
If only man learned from the past, but alas it seems history is just a class bound to be repeated by the generations.
That episode just blew my mind...
RT : // we eat mexican food probably 4-5 times a week, sometimes more often than that.
Romney said the constitution is not a living document. So it's dead? Kill amendments, Bill of rights? Back to slavery & no women's vote?
Great Night at #HuHot with tonight!
I'm in Atlanta. Pretty cool place
Do you have a favorite charitable group or association that you’d love to give extra support to this week?
Graduation Day was today. Then why am I still grading??
Q4: This isn't about quelling the violence in sports...I understand why some tune in. But you still have to keep your talent upright
At Edwards Meats on 44th...Come buy some!
Where there is great love, there are always miracles. Willa Cather
Won't do it
Thanks, Jen!!!
94 total points.
Ma dad keep calling ma phone but hang up before I answer it wtf...
Getting breakfast :)
Remember that time 0 people came trick or treating at your newly rented house? Haha I do.
yeahh. I knew i shuldnt hav had tht carmel mocha.. This happened last time i drank tht before bed too.
Doing the song Who I Am by Nick Jonas for my music video for class :)
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout C
Talk about tough! In 1951 George Mikan led the Lkers to the conference finals and scored 24 pts a game on a BROKEN LEG.
So much to do before then like become an NPR star.
thanks Patricia -- I hope you have a great day.
I love a woman in #clippers gear. knows the deal
Thanks for the follow Nicole! And the blog is coming along quite nicely!
Its amazing that in some cities only the dregs utilize public transit. I am poor and so can you!
Nah, that's just what charmers do.
Did i catch a Dexter reference on South Park tonight? G-D it, i love those guys.
You obviously thought wrong.
Beauty is in the heart of the beholder.
my old band is alright for what they're going for haha
Shooting tall Russian models on a million dollar yacht and Im worried about the sun.. #cinematographer problems
Research in Motion shares surge on reports of corporate shakeup....could this be the catalyst they need?
Yes. I'm riding the Amtrak to Chicago. We've been stopped for about 15 minutes.
-You should have a look at answer. Great BCDR!
I love you my man.
I'm tweeting you
life for gay guys its really hard sometimes i just wonder what would life be if i wasent here! but ik that sucide will never be the answer!
what's up? What have you been doing? Where are you spinning now-a-days?
there's no better feeling then when an idea in your head starts to become a reality.
hahaha ;D ..always ..well i try, makes life easier &go smoother :)
we should make ketchup babies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> RT: we'd like 2 gracefully accept #2 on that. It's on honor
Today I had professional interactions with people via mail, phone, fax, email, Facebook, Twitter, and G+. What a crazy world.
in 1 word describe the experience on both sesame street and everybody hates chris?
....lets ask ej
55 days since i last saw you....... Since i last talked to you........Thats sad<\3
because I'm either a super-nice teacher or a sadistic nutritionist. Could go either way at this point.
#onlyinamerica love it!
“: Both Hitler and Napoleon were missing one testicle.”
WHY don't I get these memos earlier?!!
My guess is Baltimore is taking Konz, and knows he'll still be around at 35. Too bad UW won't have 2 first rounders this year.
10. Butterflies; I need them in my life! <U+E030><U+E525><U+E305>
ahh nice pick up for the
Actually I think the big G has money on the Pats in Vegas
so great meeting you last night! I wish we had more time to chat before the night ended! Going to check out your site now :)
i hate it! I luckily passed back out tho haha
what guy?
Really Wants A Family After I Get My Career Started!
Am really scared of all this thunder & lighting & I can't sleep
Ok, follow me please!??
Opening my Monday morning by listening to as usual.
This nigga going 72 on this little ass road. my life is in danger!
tell her that is a riot and that if they outlaw photoshop, then only outlaws will photoshop.
She is beyond beautiful
MKG did come back to play, but we all know about the morning after. I'm sure he's in good hands.
Re Groove on *Jealous* No w/i many miles of my little corner of the world. Hafta brew some in my kitchen.
Oh Snap...its ya burthday!
Somebody tell all this kids to take off their hats,skullies and leather jackets on BlackOps main stage lmfaoo Madd corny looking
Same-sex marriage is a civil rights issue.
At a meeting w Berkley Duck whose book on the Conner Prairie governance battle comes out in mid-May! Great read.
radar shows 23 mph winds during our track meet tomorrow
Late thank you to for your help with venues. Happy Easter you two!
I love how my co-workers question my eating habits & metabolism. :P
when 's sister starts calling everyone a pinhead bahaha we are bad influences
#bigbrothersbigsisters thanks all the people who step up to mentor kids! They change lives for the better, forever!
In tough times, it's more important than ever that congress keep arts funding strong.
Hans Zimmer maybe?
#20thingsaboutme 5. I love American Idol.
Just got off the phone with my one woman team!!!!
G'night
probably arrive around 8 to set up and start playing some time after 9. Will be playing on and off all night until about 1am
Thank you for following us. We are interested to learn more about your group.
Very true. Not to say it isn't frustrating, but no reason to write anything off.
have the committee review it until it's a camel!
getting a tattoo is a very personal experience. It's really all about what makes the most sense to you and the design.
hah woo..my voice is comin back ;D ahha....hm.....carolina....hm..i dont know..i dont think thats a good idea (:
lol... if you really want a full version control system, just do it in git. There's a mac client.
Hey Saso! Apparently they're having some 'technical issues' right now with video. Follow for updates
they can become a bit annoying but can easily be fixed. (:
Looking for voice-recognition tools that transcribe and tag large volumes of audio or video, like DocumentCloud does for PDFs. Ideas?
Style is knowing who you are. ~Gore Vidal
Dear girl who fell on woodward,
Str8 oldskool I was too hyped!!
goin hard! Come down and teach these vegas cats how to really go on a trap beat. These niggas failing!
But not all are motherly. Some are like animals and just have a litter and leave.
Wade looks helpless. Cowboys look like they don't care.
Ur company is who u are, thats why I walk alone
I might bring in my pokemon binder tomorrow. Where chu be at during STM
Legit! Now you need to get one! Haha RT : My brother got his epic shirt from lol!!
There will be lunch on the 7th floor at 12:30.
Catch on CNN Early Start giving an overview of the Iowa Caucus results
I'll try. I might be able to chill tomorrow but I'll text you
no rain in the Gresham neighborhood for now... Don't jinx us!!! ;)
Doing Fitness Connection!
In honor of MC's birthday, I'm slipping into a pair of parachute pants.
Attending mobile UX : from principles to prototypes.
i love your icon. <3
Haha Pacquiao would whoop his ass.
kindred souls and roommates.
loves like a ballon. easy to blow up and fun to watch grow. but hard to let go and watch fly away.
Tell a girl she's beautiful, she'll remember it for 5 minutes. Tell a girl she's ugly and she'll remember it for the rest of her life.
Let's fuck.......ing cuddle.
will come in and win games for the seahawks unlike someone like whos good at holding the clipboard.....
LOL!!! I was saying they refs were calling a bad game. As to the make up call against harden, at least wait until..
It is much more secure to be feared than to be loved.
Whats good twitter, officially a registered
Nothing would make me happier than to super-sim this up coming week.
Looking for a new tailgating or game room game? check out slyder football at www.slyderfootball.com
6 more days till I see my hubby wubby <3
um...literally or smexually?
NOPE INBOX IT TO ME ON FB #TEAMBREEZY!!
According to google translator, you said this: The cat food is top of the horse warm. And pretty much, much spicy
Brewers lead in a battle of minor league pitchers 2-1 in the bottom of the 3rd.
Or r u buying directly from iTunes?
Just about recovered from Heart Ballet...lots of new projects in the works including 2 new albums, orchestral arrangements, and....
I actually have no excuses. I'm watching Jurassic park and thinking about how I would go Jurassic on dat asssssssassss
#nmsu anyone know how to get the professional pictures of the graduates?
RT please to Help meh get Followers * i follow Back <3
lemme cop your watch !
thanks for the follow, now following back!
So important. RT : focus on quality, not quantity
This whole snowing bit is pure shenanigans! Couldn't be more excited for #SXSWi in 3 days!!
Wow...maybe all those people should start caring less about you
Nobody Is Gonna Hit You As Hard As Life Will.
You coming to Chicago?
you NEED to STOP taking my clothes.
aye dm me your #
My school has no class at all.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 13
Come check out the third floor at the Main Library and look at some of our amazing entries for our 2012 Create-a-Bookmark Contest.
I was surprised too when sis daya tweeted that awhile ago :O didn't know that Jay-Z and Kanye were in London too!!
Learned today that Manhattan Theatre Source is in danger of closing its doors. Sad news. Has been a home to many emerging theater artists.
i miss youu
haha we're watching to catch a predator too, fuckin dirty perverts!
Haha good=] n am I? Hahahaha
R U in Vegas? We need prepackaged baskets! e mail me at
Any chance of Tebow going to the Titans?
Bowling for the first time.... and I'm making a complete fool of myself
If it's a pretty girl who's saying it, I'll believe in anything.
My Canes the U about to jump sfloridas neck. Let go$
I think there's a chicken wing here with your name on it. ;)
I always pays off to have an #extra pair of #earrings in your
Go bears
Only one more hour til $2 craft beers!! Gotta love it!
After a hard hit from each, JR Lugo wins Rocktagon MMA Heavyweight Title against Jaime Alvarado via knockout.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who leads everyone into believing they're a good christian, but goes cray cray on the weekends.
u are such a lame-o, u know that
I do!
Thanks for the shoutout! Have a great weekend!
Looks like we're on the same page. Want to show films that have gotten little if any theatrical play in L.A.
I hate having hangovers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
One day there, 6 hour stay, one day back
I want them to go away. It hurts.
Men with a snobby voice tone
thank you very much!
Cris Carter is retarded. Despite being a 45 year old man he's proven once again that he will never grow up.
Luckily the woman in front of me is improving the Costco returns line with her loud sighing.
EXACTLY. I'm a stone cold bitch, but I'm not evil. I look out for the defenseless -- animals, babies, the poor, the disenfranchised.
Lol Wii U? Is this some sort of joke? Did the Onion write this crap?
your only mistake is not having a website and merchandise - what's up
Sexy Sax Man is my idol.
Just got home from work time to.get to bed once again
Thanks for the support and retweets ... this is the home strech.
stumbled upon convening around the ping-pong table at too cute.
Teenage Years. Best & Worst Times Of Your Life.
Sara came out to celebrate our michelin star with the moto crew last night!
...well, no statue for Mather I guess!
At home now watchn cheaters :-D a trip, my man went to sleep on in the middle of a conversation about cheatin, WtF
Wow they have a memorial with stones representing those killed.
man I missed all the fun today. I was driving around town chasing breaking news.
Has anyone seen the epic cover of Businessweek? Incredible illustration of the tangle of Continental and United.
i need to leave
Smartphones and tablets of the future: Not only are devices getting thinner and smaller, but now they’re becoming more flexible....
Why is it impossible for me to sleep in?
Someone should come keep me company!
ahahhahahaha! You know I have that song stuck in my head...but I'm listening to that song "Gaston" from Beauty and the Beast
better lawyer: perry mason, matlock, or Matthew Mcconaughey? discuss
Shot out to for putting me up on that new Little Brother. Yall need to cop it!
I just said the same thing haha… RT : Am I the only one that thinks it hurts dampier to move on the court. Wow he looks old.
Thanks for listening Martina!
The power plays look even worse from
Repubs. "we're Loving and Moral. Bu,t we don't 'coddle'" Toughen up
Not trying hard enough. My wife is still making money on her blog.
Rooting for a great close game! Go Giants! 35-31 prediction...
The difference between a "reference" and an "advocate" is one is "reactive" while the other is "proactive" - HUGE difference
is Soo Overrated Now :/
omg lol thats reckless. Be careful
I'm sure we can call up Cody Clark and go with three catchers in tonight's lineup too.
Lac La Biche foster care boss released on porn charges - CBC.ca
nothing like family! Hey mrs browco
Last chance for us!
Hope you had a fabulous Mother's Day. :)
laughing my ass off.
Just applied as an Apparel Industry Product Specialist for a Swimwear Company in Los Angeles.
Gettin ready to produce this Noon Extravaganza with , , and !
Dont hate. Adore, love and appreciate
Back from the store. And I see the cigs are still needed.
I luv watching guys at the gym do wrist exercises as if they are preparing for the jack-off olympics.
Enjoying my directorial journey-Paul Campbell: Life and Times of a Jamaican Movie Star which opens Miramar Cultural Arts Theatre on Dec.11.
Starting 11/09/11, NO Monthly Dues until 1/1/12 for all New Members! Come see us and Join to meet your New Year Goals!! RETWEET!!
I bet he takes a big duda too.
My TL was crazy last night haha
that gets you 200 points!! Alright, which Prez liked to take daily skinny dips in the Potomac River?? AND NO GOOGLE!! =)
My Doc Cinema sista will be talking the producing life on tonight from 6:30-8:30p at NYC's Showbiz Cafe as part of the African American...
home summer. summerhome. unpacking.
That could be because there's only fifteen people here.
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Love has no meaning to this damn generation..
Liam! Do you love ur spokane wa fans??
Just getting out of bed! ( ha! It's 7am here) Give me a few to get some coffee :)
I feel sick.
I don't exactly remember the burger bet. What was that for again??
Ok I'm giving this thing another shot.
yes lik crazy
it was! So much talent.
RT LSHMSFOAIDMT= Laughing so hard my sombrero falls off and I drop my taco. That's funny!
Any one have any exciting adventures this weekend? Share them with us.
ya only have an online shop right now. We'll give you free shipping if you want. Just use code SENDIT for free shipping
shawty put it down on mee. song stuck in my head. swear i have a new song everyday stuck in my head! :)
NAp time!
Rather be hearing her voice right now than Drake in my ears
Have search engines killed the squeeze page?
that was a phenomenal tweet and I definitely remember sending it
I think wins the award for best choreographer
That thought did cross my mind : )
I'm not gonna lie, I actually don't like perverted fans...-Kelly
I'll happily tweet the link. My followers can handle hot lists, I believe.
Day 4 of 6 am's.
yo thanks for the #ff! hope you have a good weekend!
I noticed on twitter that you were looking and just wanted to start a conversation.
Ok all these screaming babies and this kidding kicking my chair has to stop #Peoplepleasediscipline ur child! Smh
Not doing homework tonight. Just nyquil and some fantasy factory
Very relevant. Thanks!
i want to give a shout out to he has an amazing tumblr omg !!!!!!
Ty Kirk is growing as an athlete at UNM despite the unforgetful start.
RIP Whitney...
#CrossCountryAdventures over. In Massachusetts.
In the downtown area?? Stop by SACHE to see whats new! Also become a VIP member and enjoy a hot cup of Chi!
“: Wow. This is the longest Oscars ever.” I love Steve!
ok I think I want sex now
yes let's lunch when earnings is done, hang in there :) excited to see you
#nowplaying Dark Fantasy -
Night Twitter.
Brand new beats!! oh yes , the album is gunna be poppin!! :D
Doron Lamb scored the most points by a UK sophomore in the national championship game with 22 tonight.
Seriously just got yelled at because after a mentally exhausting day of work I'll come home and take a nap or watch tv. Isn't this America?
F the haters - you da man and tell it how it is....
our really cute!
Hey Chicago! We sent some Krankshaft to Comiskey/The Cell for you to drink today. Cheer for who you want, but drink local.
cause you run away :)
These juicy sweats fit nice
It took me a little meandering to find the right place, but I love my dept. Everyone should transfer to Rice anthropology
#WhatMakesABlackGirlMad When she doesn't get a, "unique" name.
“The mind is a superb instrument if used rightly. Used wrongly, however, it becomes very destructive.” Eckhart Tolle
Happy Easter!
We just got a new batch of farm fresh eggs at the market, and we're still here for another half hour!
i'm sorry but is the best host of any show. i laugh at how some of the hosts try and comfort the contestants.. haha :)
Friday has finally arrived! Will you be saving money using coupons on all those things you're buying this weekend?
“ #Sagittarius loves their friends.”
63 in the house already? brr!
hmm I was thinking about going out with her on Sunday and we all surprise her at some lounge in the city.
o hes good!!!
lmao WE WERE SO ADORABLE.
I smell like chocolate.
Dallas Pop Music: Katy Perry Wraps New Video For Complete ...
haha yeah bro id be down...well run something this summer!
The Shadow of the Wind by Carlos Luis Zafon. Spanish writer but its translated. Fabulous! Mystery, intrigue, romance and more!
Romney winning #Catholic voters in #OHPrimary &
Awesome! Tell her she needs to pick up the pace on tweeting! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Thanks to Dan Velez casting for your continued support over the years! You are on eof the GOOD GUYS!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 7
We should be performing at Warehouse Live sometime in June so look out for that! It's going to be big!!!
The revolution didn't stop at defeating the Czarists. It also had to defeat the other reactionaries.
No, sorry. I'm out in Ohio right now, so I won't be able to make it. Let me know how it goes!
all the pretty gurlz: follow me rite now!
safari cuz I like the way the bookmarks page looks. that's my only reason.
OH: "Not only are you racist, you're also a pterodactyl."
If an optimist thinks getting struck by lightning is lucky, call me a pessimist
it was so great to see you last night at the Santa Ball! hopefully our paths will cross again soon. Will you be at #FriAt5?
hey Ryan I don't. You might check out actors and crew. They might know. Best
Rehearsing with Preparing the next show with the band!!!
Happy Birthday KCox...we are coming for you...
You should collaborate a rap song with ! You guys have much in common
Wow, sounds like you've both had a lot of experience on both sides! What kinds of things did you two cover?
haha ok good! yes that's nice of you to wait :) love you mi
It knocked his thumb out of the glove? Really?
Hope all is well !
Just overheard someone say "I hate having to drink so much water everyday"
The biggest enemy you<U+FFFD>ll ever face or deal with in life is ... yourself
Everybody's selling dreams, I'm too cheap to buy one.
Walk Now For Autism Speaks.Chicago walk May 21,11.Its so hard to find people willing to give just$1.Door-door I collected $47
The Stitch and Bitch one?
Just told my 3 yr old not to use his green marker on the outside of my laptop. His response: I'm making it a little cooler mommy
My daughters have the best step-mom in the world, thanks
New York end of next week. Lunch!
SHOW US SOME DRAGONS ALREADY. #Game of Thrones Season Two
lol are you going out for Mexican?
TJ throws that ball before the break. Dre has to get position there, no?
ENTER the contest now and we will waive the 20.00 registration fee. This is only for a limited time.Enter
When are you taking it?
What you do to me.. Look what you did to me.
and we love you! thanks for taking pics the other night!
Ah family guy just never gets old lol
#FlyMeToLondon not for the Olympics, but so I can be closer to One Direction :D
welcome sweetheart! You are appreciated!
Smedley: "It does not take a revolution to solve these health inequality problems"
I love you
I'll help you trend it
big game for both teams positioning wise RT : Chicago Bears Vs. New York Jets 12/26/10: Mitch's Free NFL Football Pick
It is up to you to motivate yourself and change your life
Nice! Good idea re: automation. Also, RTs require more commitment, probably a better idea anyway.
#FF and keep updated on her #journeyofadoption Blog! It's very #inspiring. Have a wonderful Friday All!!
Forest Gump is in every other house in suburbia
It's a Pittsburgh Conspiracy!!!
A monster bald eagle circling over the valley. Resident ravens not throwing down the welcome mat. Top Gun Alaska style.
Just saw the trailer for Tim Burton's Alice in Wonderland, and it's all I could hope for. So excited!
Day (3) done. Dead tired.
It's gonna be a rough allergy season this year. Get your "gazuntites" in now.
at home..
and sorry you couldn't sleep. I hope all is well for you. :o)))
I didn't understand this tweet. Was she saying I'm rude?
Hey I make sense!....sort of
Remember to walk. It's a low intensity workout that can help you maintain your weight because you burn about 100 calories w/ every mile.
Twitter: A Ranters Dream. hum... like ?
Any good link/info 4 effect of $1 billion cut by Walker on Wisconsin schools? Besides my mom and uncle forced 2 retire early.
Pssh, of course you love it. (;
Got a blown sub to work
dude your kidding right?
I don't see what the big deal is about hunger games....
did I see you in an Iams commercial or was it your identical twin?
I saw a picture of them the other day without shirts and just pads. Holy meatball gravy
Well, okay. Fuck you, too. -.-
The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do
Supposed to be really good. Pretty sure it'll be more satisfying than say, The Devil Inside.
Thanks RT : dope work
but aye that also being productive Af so dont feel to bad.. & btw have a great wk
decent swell?
someone fuck me and pay me in gum.
Hard for him to hide his bitterness...
The only thing wrong is, there's not 100 of them
RT : The Real-Time web means you no longer have the luxury of relying solely upon pre-planned marketing and PR strategies.
Where is this "Walk the Moon covers Fleet Foxes" gig? Looks jiggy/wiggy. ;-)
My mistake it's 4 and a half hours now ... :/
Makes sense. I've already had to replace the battery once because it blew out the bottom of the computer. Thanks for info.
Why is it that the genuinely nice niggas gotta be suspect with you woman? Can't he deadass want to make sure things work? Smh sheesh...
favorite indie movie: GEORGE WASHINGTON (2000). Worst big-budget studio movie: PEARL HARBOR (2001)
Can't wait to be the Vice President of Programming and Events for this fall!
I'll be at #stopmakingsense tonight at The VIC. Hope to see you!
LFR explains how his research is trying to place a larger focus on differently-abled persons' interactions with technology
and Thanks soo much for coming to watch us sing! Ya'll are the best:)) Love ya!
Freddy Mercury, Slash, Malcum Young, Neil Peart
Wednesday night fely like a Friday night ! Duke's Country Saloon was nutty ! Thanks all for coming out !
yay! So sad I missed your visit!
Jump to the rhythm, jump jump to the rhythm.
Learn from your past, work hard in the present and you will taste success in the future.
i have seen live 2 times when do i meet him D:
Let me know what you think. Haven't seen it yet and would like to
11:11 wishes were always for a Ustream. They do come true :)
#texasrelays Its gettin wild out here!
Become an expert in your field and get coverage. Everyone is an expert on something, and the media uses the term ‘expert’ very loosely.
If only Collin could play the game without his shirt on.
lol nope. He's REALLY cool. I interviewed him once. Still fine imho.
Quiet time in the house after everyone has left = productive hour for me.
You girls are pussies! Stop subtweeting each other!
Had so much fun at Dancing With The Stars:)
Just saw this on a billboard: "Potential is dormant ability."
which ones the 12s
Kurt Cobain killed himself the same year Justin Bieber became famous. He knew....
Nobody on the Yankees.
we will have a Stoli Blue Doli for you bud!!!
no, just a snowcone with a scoop of ice cream on top.
Another 10 years is a necessary evil. I support our president and our troops. Time to renew America
Delayed in St. Louis till 11:30
It's #WhyILoveMuseums day and we hope you'll send us some love. Spread the word and share some love.
#Belly (where you check in to earn pts for sweet rewards) <3's its followers. RT this for a chance to win a Tanktop for TANK YOU Tuesday!
terrible debate
Looks like Zombie Crawl will definitely be hitting the Guinness World Record mark. Make sure to gather all of your friends to make sure!
Ahaha you got it! I'm the midget in the yellow hoodie and the Packers t-shirt.
U better follow me back girl..lol
Yeah, well where's his statue!
Cake for breakfast... Again.. Oh my
How did this happen...only one @ #HackettsRaiders not drinking(except for a victory Jameson)yet I am last 1 @ bar? Oh yeah- :)
Hey everyone! Tomorrow when you're tweeting from #GradBash, use the hashtag
Let's go 'Bama!!
I love you so much. If you killed yourself, you would kill part of me too.
shot me out of the sky your my kryponite
let's sleep til the sun burns out <3
Just barely caught my next flight! Too close for comfort!
Cooking channel has exciting shows for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS Giada
Showing up to work an hour early.. Fml
I Love my bestfriend More <3 We Got Each Others Backs No Matter What BFFL :)
just a helpful hint :)
It's Thursday.
Are You Going On Nike SB?
Hello people of twitter! :) What's happening?
i gotta feeling ohh ohh tht you should follow me:) i love you!
Just watched Letterman. Great job!! Big fan of IRT.
Reminder, we're giving away a pair of Portland Timbers game tickets tonight on Timbers In 30. The show begins at 6pm on Channel 12.
has the answer for dealing with presentations that include code on slides: bring a pair of binoculars!
75 to 1 on the prop for the first score A safety
Happy Friday!! Have you seen any good movies lately?
This time next week I will be getting settled into the new place. There's so much to do that my head just might explode. Inhale/exhale...
Is there a full moon tonight? People have lost their gourds.
hey man that's too bad, I was looking forward to seeing you
also I like that story better if it stars Channing tatum and doesn't end with me being dumped for Jesus.
hey man i say Iz the Wiz in 4, Lefty Mickelson wins with a 69. print it, shut it down, good night Irene.
Defendants, lawyers reading transcript of jury instructions. Jury begins third day of deliberations.
REALLY? it's maken me a lot of people, and then, JB didn't follow me -.-
(cont.) she's supposedly my BESTFRIEND !!
looks more red than orange
For #Clemson folks, Larry Abernathy died today. Lots of great stories in his classes.
ohh you hanging out at Edge Pool? Have fun ladies!
I've seen some in doctor's offices, but I'm unsure if they were replicas/copies or original. He was one heck of an artist.
im so tired... hope i don't wake up in the trunk...
wait until season 6!!“: This tweet contains fouI finally watched the last episode of Season 4 of Dexter. Holy. F'ing. Shit.”
so true. after a decade in newspapers, i can truly write that bad habits die hard, e.g., not understanding one's audience.
All ready for hometown dates!
There you goo :)
Manning talked about spending time with JD Walton. Called that bond important.
no worries! Can't wait to see you when you get here! :)
lets go do something dude .
Telling you I own the moon! Whats good Chad ! Great letter to your "dad" the other day!
Just got home from seeing the Avengers!!!
Thanks for the tweet on maxim salute to heroes tailgate. maxim is still doing the saturday night party and tailgate! cant wait
Who remembers the game Rampage?
Lol Whoops. I might have ruined my no curfew streak.
So. If I photo license plates of the 2-3 cars blocking G St at 15th (EVERY evening) will owners be fined?
Dancers! Why do YOU dance? Tweet me and I&#39;ll RT!
so excited!!!! a year is so long!
I think everyone ( ) needs more Dancimal in their lives, come to SD this weekend !
Never met Bry, but I'm a huge TESD fan and think he's and inspiration. Tell him his fans wish him well.
aw man I ain't even get to know u lol
#archives predictions for 2012: baking the first of many Betacam tapes, LTO-5 storage backlash, phenomenology of Film v. Digital 2.0.
Wonder what I need to do to get to follow me…
Finally figuring out how to do Paperless Post; aarrrgh
Im starting to feel better today, me n nessa gonna get the boys from Amarillo today, ready for the full MMA sparring at Bighead MMA tonight
Maybe I had put her in perscetive that she might hurt me
Looking for a miracle... Anyone got a Googe+ invite to spare?
No work tomorrow if I'm lucky
Drunk annoying people on the Haunted duck tour... Please rescue me, someone
NP: Master Cylinder - Jung at Heart, Channel 53 on Sirius always bumpin those funky hipster jams!
I bet thought that last tweet sucked
any tips for recording a video w/in a #gotomeeting mtg? audio & picture not in sync
If you mean racists, sexist, homophobes, you might say that, instead of stereotyping.
thanks for the follow! I look forward to your light filled tweets :)
you can tweet about how much you love me and
Grinding = working in the zone for me.
oh that's bad. I watched 8 seconds so in bull riding time that's the end
wrap up and more pictures from the tail end of the #librotraficante, and longer, from a distance, content coming soon.
W ill is having no problem over here! This guy had 3 layers of grub on his plate
Good Afternoon Boo..
Love has nothing to do with how much you retweet. LOL
haha yes im back on track i never left though , just umm take breaks.
It's actually a she :) Aww thank you!
I would love to see that!!! What book would you pick? *puts you on the spot* :P
Girls just wanna have fun...
Check out our site it's Free ! Http://www.dagnomusic.com
lets go pinstripes 9-0 is weak
Why are there frogs falling from the sky?
Beard Papa
Welcome to LA! Seeing trailers for #Bunheads and getting very excited to see it in June!
They're taking my blood again! Vampires!
i thought it would be me lol ^^ thanks my dad took an awesome video of me and rusty<33
Holy hangover batman.. Fashion night out in Le Grand Pomme was amazing, but the rest of night was better! I officially love The Box!!
Actually, I want to go out tomorrow.
the girls used to speak english
didn't they teach you to always go to the bathroom before any type of big event whether sports or a long trip lol
hey there
Vanessa Bryant is the highest paid NBA player to never play a full season. She just passed Greg Oden and Juanita Jordan.
Just smile "CeCe" its going to be alright!
i did like you said and threw an oodle of vegetables in a stock pot. I think there was even an avocado in there.
Excited about friends coming into town tomorrow!
yayay!!!! I want to see you when I get back from spring break!! :)
So, so true. RT : The creator of Elf on a Shelf obviously didn't have kids. It's going to be a long month of 6 am wakeup calls.
I find your choice of words a little odd, is this picture you?
I wanna be a rapper.
this aint no picnic bitch!!! Hahaha said you always use to say it from malibus most wanted lol
I could really go for some food trucks today for lunch...
Hey, nice to meet you last night! That Danish film was something else, wasn't it? Good times, good company! :)
PickUpLine: Nice shirt. Can I try it on after we have sex?
All I'm saying is, whoever invented twixx is my nigga! lol.
But sloppy is sloppy.. Floors,walls, but never the girls.
When does illegal mean illegal to our government? The government should not be cutting checks to people who are in the country illegally.
Bobby's room
Thanks for the RT. We are fast approaching launch and would love to connect about that if you are interested.
Conversation has moved to challenges of funding structures where tech is funded as special projects not g ops
: Hi Chris, nice to meet you! One thing I miss is the English beer!
Happy Mother's Day!
Ok, which dumbass Sgt. do we blame for burning Koran's in the birthplace of Islam? And we wonder why they hate us?
Who uses that as their default, for crying out loud??
things are great.. how have you been
#ThoughtsWhileRunning am I skinny yet?
i am SINGLE not bcoz i Don't Pray for LOVE... But, i am SINGLE bcoz i Don't Play with LOVE.
USA is a medical hub,medication in Arizona are cheap and affordable
can't believe the girl said big time rush....I was like really?!
Like Pizza!
the USA has hired one lot of people to keep another lot locked up. -- cavadino & diggin
I generally agree, but was okay with it this week. Probably because of the situation I went through (I'd be Addison).
my bday is coming up. So that'll be my bday present? Pimpin my twitter out :)aha
I really wonder about the intelligence level of the those media members voting for the "MVP"
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you laugh at my stupid jokes
Georgia qb Murray read the blitz well but threw it right into man coverage
don't talk to me meanie -.-
lol smfh u suppose to be my nigga for life
Cast photoshoot yesterday was successful! Thank you guys!
happy birthday! 2
Workshops are in full swing and the learning has begun.
Where all the cute/fly dudes at.... These dudes be lame... Some lame ass fuck
Oh my fuck... My leg hurts
Downtown willoughby with Brendan Alyssa and Danny :D
Innocence Proves Nothing.
You're buying 2 jello molds, wine and a cheese ball. You must be going to a mad men watch party!!
then I'm definitely taking them. -_- ha!
"A single neuron is as complex as the city of San Diego" - last month, at being human. Great metaphor.
Girls. How you act like your pussy the bomb, but you a virgin?
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished
In an effort to revamp Panama City Beachs' Springbreaker bad rep, all branches of law enf. r very visible now. PCB has broken ad ties w MTV.
what happened?
Debbie plays with an octopus while cooking
can't believe you were in new york and didn't tell me. i totally would have forced you to go see
I fucking hate everyone..
Why do they get a "special" place? That's sexist.
Thursday. Be there.
RIPAngel she will be the most popular dog in doggy heaven.<3
I Be Wondering .....
It is fun and makes you forget about the dreaded exercise
Badgers play Montana first round. I like it!
Mother's Day isn't any different for me any other day. To me everyday is Mother's day. Idk what I would do without my her. I love you mom
FYI my professional twitter iws It is not quite as entertaining though.
Great docket. Is it Robocop 2 or 3 that has the gang of pre-teens terrorizing Detroit?
Our second congressional briefing is coming up! Mark your calendars: Wednesday, May 5, 2010!
Sure. I'm an #Android and #tripit user. What up?
Not only that, they're all young hipster types who THINK they're "progressive."
POLL: Should youth be able to check FB at school? Why or why not?
I had 2 loan 10,000 dollars 2 Randy Carl, a church deacon He couldn't pay the church back 4 money he absconded for personal bills
practicing geek pick up lines for the weekend? RT : How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
My birthday is in 11 days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
happy birthday!!!!!
Doing VERY well :) Been busy, spending a ton of time with God and my ladies. Hence no time for #DadChat. How are you!?
thanks Eden, we'll see. it's just like, ugh, I'm killing myself for you guys + this is the payback? I don't get it...
#TwitterlessDavidBrown is a crab with crabs on his chode
Sorry I wasn't following you before! I now have high expectations for links to super sweet cabins.
Hey KK!!! we have an iPad2 for you.. just RT my posts... ;)
P!nk, Rihanna, Taylor Swift, Katy Perry, Lady Gaga, and Rise Against are the nominees.
thats not a truck Big Man
I don't think Ryan Gosling is here. I would have for sure seen him by now, right? French dude from, The Artist will have to do.
what kind? worth it? meat!
Almost beer 30...
When a job posting is up on BSN. You need to apply within 5 - 7 business days. OH by
You have to spend $ to make $. If you don't value the UX your visitor won't value you
One embarrassment of parenthood nobody tells you about; Having your coworkers catch you humming childrens' tunes at work.
<U+266C> Happy Birthday to "Soulja Boy" Deandre Cortez Way, American Rapper, 2007 Had No.1 Single here in U.S. with "Crank That (Soulja Boy)" <U+266C>
A prayer for my cousin .... She got a ride from my mom after a long day from work ..... Bless her heart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Learning about Ogden's crime center.
where at?
That's what you get for being all Mr. Cutting-Edge-Technology!
I never knew love would feel this fucking bad....
So true! RT : A2 Personal brand is VERY different than employer brand... not a valid brand if reliant on all the parts.
It doesnt even lock!
My name is Soo ANNOYING Jesus I need a new name NOW someone give me a nickname or something PLEASE!!!
- London Police aren't helped by allegations of taking money from journalists (I know that wasn't your point)
Flight Opportunities Program: Brings payload providers and Suborbital launch providers to test hardware before orbital launch.
RE: Sometimes it's really hard for me to pretend like I care
no I look up other things and your just jealous because you don't have a computer
All my friends are graduating college and all that shit. I'm starting in September... Jesus fucking christ.
...but you can call me lil' weez(ing).
Craving Fast Food? Try these easy and healthy homeade chicken nuggets at home! Serve with oven baked fries for the full effect:)...
How'd all this food get in my mouth. I thought I was dieting.
: no, I meant that my side of the conversation means something to me, but not to anyone else who follows...
Will I regret this if I don't get what I truly want? The new way I live life. I guess that's called PRESENCE
Absolutely! RT : can you get the food to go?
u too have a fun weekend! Love my
RT : Variety Magazine did a write-up of Anchors, a new feature produced by Congrats to the production crew!...
Ok, Thank You, I will ask him
Now that's an exciting idea. What do you think ?
Log on to www.MyBizXchange.com today to see how we can help you grow your business!
girl i already am
party is NOT at my house!!!!
#IADMIT im ugly
Paul McCartney is coming to AT&T Park July 10th. I don't have the time or money to try to buy tickets & Harold will probably be sick. :(
Thanks so much! How are you guys doing?
Best relationship? When you can act like lovers and best friends at the same time.
Have a good time without me
the kid in the Doritos commercial
what it do famo?
Got some shorts on for the first time
Stay safe, everybody. We can get through this together.
You have a nice weekend too, my dear!
RT : Okay..who broke gmail? Or is it just me...? | Not just you.
I like that only a few of my close friends know what my prom dress looks like that way everyone will be surprised when they finally see it.
Thank you! Your Brothers, BBHC
8.12.10: BOOKED a supporting role as a Jewish Mother in MURT RAMIREZ WANTS TO KICK MY ASS! CAST by Erica Palgon of Casting...& Beyond!
#FF my strange brother
u still a lot further than me. lol
so happy and proud! xoxo break your legs!
Woke up with heart racing again. Think I need to quit drinking
Recording Vocals today!! That means NEW SONGS SOON!! Well old songs new recordings finally xD we already have 2 albums worth of material
Have you seen the DSO? I assume that is why you came to Detroit before?
ice cream truck comes by in college too?!
it was a blast, thanks!
ahaha really? did you have fun i hear its a nice placee
I hate massages.
Something I will never say again!!!Go Bring the win and you are going to lose #ElClasico to
I need to move outta here.
Thanks for sharing your story, Heather. I'm sure this will benefit many people in the future.
The evil paper on my stairs that caused my fall is now gone!!
We use the "queen of all waxes," Carnauba wax, to keep your car shiny and glossy!
Wow! That's awesome! :) Woot!
at least you can drive and get away <U+263A> hope it gets better (:
have you two met? :)
horror comedy Love in the Time of Monsters
"He told me he bought condoms through Fresh Direct." my friends are hilarious
There's this wonderful thing called "self respect" you should get some.
It is time for parents to teach young people early on that in diversity there is beauty and there is strength. Maya Angelou
Bass vs. Harper. Here we go...
#HardestThingsInLife is letting go of the past and moving on!!
what rumors Nikki are true? xoxoxo :-)
Damn the saints just got hit again
your humor is raging today
ah how sweet love it babe :)
damn I miss my homeboy!! Have safe travels on tour and let's link up for a gator game brotha!! GO GATORS!!!
You like someone i think im not sure :/
Fuck it... I miss you... Fucked it all up... How stupid of me. Could have worked through it instead a throwing it all way... Regrets a bitch
I have a great idea on how we should celebrate:) you can buy me sneakers... Please
super, now I'M hungry :)
haha it at first said it was to you. Then when I posted it. It went to that one haha I was like wtf!
Today is where our valiant attempt at fourth comes to an end. Still so proud of what Newcastle has achieved this season :)
This week...my 2 page final and my psychology review I must get done tonight after my meetings! Doing my reel tomorrow..final friday morning
We'll see ya soon!
yup... We'll catch up at some point. Enjoy pull-a-thon
I'm so motherfuckin high I could eat a star
Do we really need a Tony Kornheiser tour of every show for meaningless plugging of nothing & cause he signed a contract extension?
Who are we to call people nerds I mean lets be honest nerds are gonna be smart and make it far in life. Hmm. Who are we to judge?
but yes that too.
good luck!
& the follower thing. Just because you have over 1,000 followers does NOT mean you're God. If someone tweets you, you should respond or RT.
Go girl power
My skin is broiled
Women should NOT have insecurities. If your man is with you then he obviously likes you! They usually cheat when you act insecure.
Lesson #2 from the rabbi at #ideaseconomy : uncertainty is human and it is okay to see things differently.
Wishing every weekend was three days long! Not ready to be back at work!
Catching up on last night's "Smash." .: "I never imagined a show could jump the shark in the first season."
I... wash my hands of this cat. SHE needs to wash her hands. She bathes in the toilet apparently. I.... have no words.
always think there's no chance you ever will! But like I said, have hope, you never know what will happen,
Storytelling keynote & breakout with Andy Goodman, fantastic!
still love this video. i watch it all the time! i have it on my fav list on youtube! much love! <3
Little advice west to eastside commuters: take Pico this evening.
ur FB status in the pre-game was killer. I was busy during the game with a whiny 2 yr old, but you finished strong like our pen
#TeamCeltics All day.... But the Heat is wrecking havoc right now... There is hope.
It's 's last day as a teenager!!
born this way!
COUGH TOUR TOGETHER AGAIN COUGH
Marshall Sylver @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing
I've got a cookie and you dont. Ha ha :D
I am in a funky mood, I just need to go to bed asap....
Fucking fade be curly and shit like I got a kit in this shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Full coverage insurance, because I will run you over jay walker.
nice to meet you today
Best. Idea. Ever. Get on that shit, I'm sick of flamin hot stained fingertips.
My spanish is horrible <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Everyone loves me.....Because I'm Austin's glasses. (;
I always thought he was saying doo doo jump. I can honestly say I learned something today.
RT : RT : RT : RT : Sometimes I hate being mean, but being nice all the time sucks <U+263A>
loving this.
Not really a fan of #JustinBieber's attitude toward graduating high school. Should be grateful and happy about the opportunities he has.
That is a possibility. I hope so. RT : GBDSCSUYT?
I'm not here to bring anyone down. I'm here to make people laugh, and sometimes say things that make no sense.
You know, I'm a fan of the NBA but oddly enough...I don't give a flip if there's gonna be a season this year or not.
What films are we going to see at ?
: definitely has away with words. lol
Thanks for following up!
I think Watchmen covered sex-ed well. Leonard Cohen's and flamethrowers, that's where it's at.
Dear , please guest dj on more often ciz #portlandiaiscoolandallbut #kthanks!
Anyone from Seattle stuck in Dallas this a-m or were U there 2 witness #Dallas #Tornado s ? Gimme a call if you're up 4 talkin' 206.404.4145
Ugh i have to go to arkansas tomorrow. Fml
Man there is a hard price you pay for being good at something.
That movie(Public Enemy) is an indulgent arthouse movie with a big studio popcorn movie budget & that stuff is not going to work-KIM MASTERS
Bad chicken? And their fans don't throw piss bags or nails into opposing goal keepers warm up areas either...
still finding wounds from thurs nights accident.
goodnight love :)
Contest! First 3 ppl to respond are in the drawing for a ticket! Who did the vocals for his 2010 track "Hold On"?
Why? I'm tweeting at you right now.
lol! Don't dream about it stop by during Happy Hour and have some Sushi!
Glad I could make it to the Lions Club meeting! And it was nice to see you!
listening to sia.
just making sure (: and good, still gives me enough time to get a gift (:
Nap Time!
asparagus and shrimp? Looks amazing!!
My legs are shaking like crazy! Gah !!
cooking dinner for my man =) <3
Carlton dance
On today's show, we are EATING & SHOPPING LOCAL in ASPINWALL BOROUGH! Be sure to tune in to #PghTL for all the local deals!
I actually like it on its own terms, but not sure how I feel about it for USMNT.
that hour of vitamin D was worth paying for lunch
They are black in color, with heads like a codfish and large back fin. Hunters are shooting at them, so far without success.
We should've. He had a car and it said "Twizted" an drove off
i don't really know how to make a group on fb, so i'll leave it to u and ur smart phone. but i'll join. me and my dumb phone will.
haha the things you watch. Lol
30. More. Minutes.
The values of the religious right aren't held by most Americans -- Sean Faircloth
You make way too much money if someone hands you the keys to a brand new corvette and you could careless enough to accept the keys.
Forever going to hell
every time I see that someone I know has loved this book, I want to jump with joy.
Text DYNAMO to 69937 (MYXER) to get Lil Dynamo's content directly from your phone.
I've become reclusive by choice as well as introverted.
Thinking about what direction to go...
Hacked. Ugh, thanks for the heads up.
A2: That there is no such thing as casual/social heroin use.
just did a private show where 2 of the audience members were aspiring magicians. awesome time.
If Rahm's jive turkey sandwich about the union not taking his deal is any indication, much of this should play out in the media.
I won't be there tonight, but take care of business against those Marshmallows and I'll see you tomorrow night at Hutter.
Thanks, Sara!! Glad we meet in person!! Keep in touch :-)
Neighbors of yours?
#IfICouldDoItOverAgain I would have purchased Mac stock when Forrest Gump told me to do so, before their second boom.
DUSS bid / ask nice and tight now!!!
is going to massacre Tonight! So many people excited to come out! Let's do this!
with that guy b4. Snarky, clever property rights dude from TX in DC
The parking lot is getting packed already? Wow... its not even 9!!
followback is a Awsome account related to sexy girls and videos ;)
What up twitter world
Heading to dance! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Great time yesterday. Kudos for maintaining stratospheric energy levels all day. Next: op-ed.
creepy show but awesome!!!!!
BILLY IS SO ANYNOYING
"I will move ahead bold & confident taking every step in obedience. While I'm waiting, I will serve You." - "While I'm Waiting" John Waller
Why is it that a female/male show all kinds of attention when they're no longer relevant, but when they had u
hahah i do what i can man! u watchin ur boy!??
From NBA legend Robert Parish to strongman on with
no. wat. why.
#9/11/2001 gave us 2,983 reasons to work together as Country but after 10 years we hav yet to figure out how thatz done.
we are great! Love what you guys are doing in Romania!
My twitter may not be all about 1D but that doesnt mean im not a true fan.
I wish
#lifewaseasybefore I graduated college. HireSusanna.com
thanks riker! For Easter you wanna give me a follow :)?
Sometimes after chasing $ and doing things the hard way the only thing you end up with is a "Reality Check"!
"Sometimes, even if you have a good reason to hold on, you have to realize that it'd much better if you let go"
TLs-w/budget & staffing cuts 2 school libraries, what tips do U have for TLs 2 "make it work" next yr? Pls retweet & include hashtag
My twitter feeds are filled with nuttin but baseball and I can almost hear the crack of the bat in my mind. AZ here I come
Car 1256 door chimes aren't working.
anyone out there have any info on Gocco? We have ONE bulb left only...*sniff* LOVE that printing machine!
in the cold?? wow..what a great mom..lol
HAPPY BIRTHDAY! love you!
- wonder how Jack Johnson is feeling right about now with #kings pretty much dominating, steam rolling way though playoffs.
woke up with a nasty, bloody bruise on my knee..... muncie won last night.
lmk girl! Looking forward to it!
Some scattered showers have popped up over parts of the metro--they'll be around at times this evening, too.
Congrats! RT Yeah, in losing 82 pounds, I learned portion control. Nothing off limits, control how much & how often.
So happy to ring on the New Year with my friends. See the real deal. Here is a new beginning.
marcelle the shell with shoes on!!! :D
My psychology final today >>>
Just got back from riding my new decks! It was great! I'm also loving my new Cloud Ride wheels!
but we always go and visit :) I miss it so much
time we were following each other joe,,, hey have u sen dick lately, if so how is he? all the best wishes! rex
Isn't the greatest thing on the planet?
Thank you for making my life so much easier! ~Lisa Schneider, Collierville, TN, SignUpGenius user
Custom Shirt Prints of the day: 5,000 business cards with printing front and back for $90.00 delivered. Deal ends at 7PM PT.
The lakers sound like they cant beat the thunder.
"Take the bold by the horns" - words everyone should live by. Thank you Todd Googins. haha
it's so awesome you helped with that! I wish I had more time so that I could've helped, too. Silly grad school.
real bucks fans..thats coo until the heat come to town..lol
The two of u r such perfect exampel of what a every girl could B.
I wonder what the rent is like in bartertown.
My love for you is a journey. Starting at forever, and ending at never. <U+2665>
yeah that would have been cool to see more of. I thought the Hulk was awesome!
Still have my gradventure braclet on (:
in your playoff way, the cards beat a 102 win team and a 7 loss team from NY wins the super bowl lol
We were surpised to say the least. It seemed like organization and Reggie were heading in opposite directions.
Happy birthday to my dude hope you have a blessed one buddy!! See you soon!
Some normal stuff; working w/ student not willing to pull their weight. That's a normal college experience, though.
Again it isn't horizon of life
Proven Success! On average I've helped 11 homeowners a month avoid the nightmares of foreclosure! Through Short Sales and Deeds In Lieu!
Thank you for checking in, but all good things must come to an end, this day included. Good Night all!
While I am really enjoying the Kindle Fire, I am not really diggin' the keyboard setup, and I don't feel like rooting it.
Drew! She's awesome!!
Poolshark? You and should meet!!
Yay my phone works again!
In other news, Runner Runner is on at Steak & Shake. Why can't our Steak & Shake be this cool?
our personal accounts are and so you know who we are :)
All Praise is due to Allah for your blessed mother birthing you into this world 79 years ago today.
wait, I said 'yes' in the end
Nene = Great person, frustrating player.
Thanx RT : hit up he loves the packers and braves, the 2 best out there
you better notice him he is AMAZING , period (:
I'm trying to make you happy, but there's always something I do wrong.
We'll be lovers & friends.
where did u 2 go
Quote of the day!!! Work = money. (David) Does more work = more money? (Laura)... That's an Urban Legend (Kim McKeown Frisbee) LOL!!!!!
yes watched it yesterday!
needs a new old cheap car...
I think his life is pretty much ruined already.
Thanks! Feel free to pass along your best #grandma tips.
Most Wanted 2 would be amazing.
allegedly - our next legs are going to hurt
I can give you the information to help find agent
deep voice style!!
that's not solving, its creating love. look at you're bio. Stay Strong. You're not gonna solve problems that way...
whatt?! How is that possible?!
A #BFFilmFactoid - today in 1955 #SteveMcQueen made his network #TV debut on "Goodyear Playhouse."
Will do! Have a great day and see you in a few months. :)
Just saw Jesse from Breaking Bad getting his car towed outside of my office
apparently tonight im serving #khloekardashian realness according to these spectators.. atleast i look famous :D
Tough loss I will always, always love you.
I was expecting to see you there as the "featured faculty member" which is why I clicked it. Looks great otherwise.
was having a crappy week then saw was on twitter and got a direct tweet from him now I'm feeling like things will turn around
Congrats to you and Memphitz.. I think yall make a cute couple.May god continue to bless yall and the family...
Are you working with a specific platform or just doing this on your own?
no it won't play Betamax
“: Update on Sandy Fire: FFs still tackling hotspots, 700 W. is closed from Sandy Pky on the north to 9000 S. on the south.”
Around 6-ish, I'll be on reporting on property-tax reform in Allegheny Co., and what Philly can learn from it. Listen Mom & friends!
about to slap through the computer if she says she did awful at tryouts one more time.
yeah his songs can get pretty tough. Keep it up though!
Okay, I'm like dying right now!
Come to Kc and Yes you Should Host on 106&Park with Rocsi Oh my Gosh I love you So Much lmfaooooooooo (: <3
"Yellow Moon" Neville Brothers, "Wrong side of the Moon" Squeeze, "Spanish Moon' Little Feat, "Dark Side Of the Moon" Pink Floyd
no offence but your gorgeous and i accept you.whether your purple,green,light or dark. :-) definately following you.
Movies are on point tonight. I'll be up for hours
La coupole for lunch in Paris.. Just right. Away from the boul Mich crowds. Luxembourg Gardens after awesome
Love your blog! I'm subscribing.
This summer will be a good one
sadly, no:( hbu?
Think the scene from Jurassic Park when they feed the T-Rex that baby goat.
#HungerGames fans: story was inspired by the Greek myth of Theseus & the Minotaur & the Athenians who were forced to sacrifice their youth.
A coworker has Easter candy in a basket. I'm walking by it with no problem. Couldn't do that a few months ago.
Just got my tickets to Live from Behind at a theater in Menomonee Falls, WI. You best be bringing the funny!
fresh beats
is that the space shuttle...lol...what airline is that
Off to see my 1st broadway show "Pricilla Queen of the Desert" tonite!
some ppl just dont get better at rapping.. they stay the same for like 5 years
Public history partnerships might begin as personal but institutional partnerships are more sustainable.
#RETWEET if u wanna shoutout to over 29,Ok Followers {{{ must be following }}} x3
game changing
In the spirit of ArtsLive is having an opening reception for Felix Lembersky paintings tomorrow at 6:00pm
1 This is the book of the generations of Adam. By enlightenment is man seen as revealed by God - revealed as God's own likeness,
To be fair, most people that go there don't get up before Noon.
how do you feel about all the new boybands that are around now?
snow turned into rain
Coming back from hail damage in Albany. Now hitting storms in Maple Grove. Heavy rain, again.
Niggas getting tattoos of scriptures and they've NEVER read the bible in their life. . . Smh !
That means you're talking to TEBOW fans... Broncos fans are Stoked
I caught a peek at + this morning at Onion Creek. But we was all up in meetings, so no hi's. SO... HI. LADIES... HI!
MADISON'S NEIGHBOR IN THE FUTURE<U+261F>
Just learned that lights on top of a cab don't mean on or off duty in Boston and apparently upstreaming is a respectable norm...oh.
My hometown! Great place to grow up; great place to play.
We are off to a great start. A good number of people are in attendance.
When you live like this you're supposed to party
Smallville was awesome tonight! Kind of sad, though, that the series is over. But there's always DVDs. Will miss it!
oh sad!!!!! Mine almost broke twice lol
Our A.Y.S. family is growing more and more everyday we greatly appreciate the abundance of LOVE AND SUPPORT!! Stay tuned for upcoming events
lol I could care less if it was healthy or not. Nutella is amazing.
Fraternity & sorority get your Greek printed products here! T-shirts, Koozies, pens, bags, etc. You'll love us.
We never really grow up, we only learn how to act in public.
Thank you i appreciate it alot :). of course :D
Rip Dick Clark the greatest host of the new year eve countdown
#ping Nice and clean. Got privacy right - i.e. simple. Waiting for folks, and musicians to show up.
He directs his anger in the wrong place. Sure its ok to criticize or push him further left, but wait until he wins 2012 first!
RT I.need new contacts :0
Women Need To Know They Worth
u to koo
Can you imagine the media chronicling your every move? Every Twitter name change, breakup, shopping spree? Glad novelists are invisible.
When I was a kid I played with dirt and rocks nd when I went out to eat I didn't have an iPad to watch tv on.
mommy shopped too much over the weekend and now she's limping again. I tell her to use her cane but she doesn't listen to me....grunt..
Congrats and ! Bizjournals just lucked out.
white girls r bitches just cuz i hve a tan nd i look better thn doesnt mean tha u can say bad shit about me -_- I GOT MOE ASS THN U JS ;p
Its way too hot outside. I done took two showers already and drink 6 glasses of water. time to hit the pool #ditchfridays text 7026737032
Wouldn't it be sweet if #EAS would interrupt you only when your area was in "danger?"
what the fuuuuuuck!?!!? Its yo birthday
So today I have no school :D doesnt change the fact I have nothing to do!
- This is 'Buzz' worthy for our site! Great tweet! haha Respect his gangster! lol
Lathered in my own jittery excretions / unzipping like the final triplet of the English alphabet
You and your girl make me sick... Can u ever go anywhere with out her!? Its guys night and u bring ur girl? REALLY!?
Haha awww RT": Oh, you just graduated? That's nice. I will have the Mocha Frappuccino."
love all that ink on Adam Levine. looks too cool with the outfit.
I think your rippling biceps are sexy. there, I said it.
There are things that you should not do when thinking about buying a new home
NOW FOLLOWING TeamAK! Follow back!
Going to the feed the future concert tonight
oh cool, did you see the character of the Step Mom? how poised & level headed she is, but yeah, I can relate& like Kate a lot..
I miss Amy Winehouse today.
social conservatives worried that a "liberal judge" would overturn the state law.
Hope to see you there Chris! It was great meeting you at the Tweetup! :)
#EveryWeekAPerfectStorm Thanks for yourSUPPORT MY LOVES so far
Look who's talking. A great movie :)
Slap me and yes I am stupid
Pancakes, strawberries and coffee. <3
a warm welcome to & all new tweeps! We've been busy planning a virtual "telesummit" to kick-off Wounded Warrior Week in 2012
Good luck in your home opener tonight!
I've never gotten my very own mix CDs before. I'm so excited :)
Sometimes it's #goodtobe invisible. That's when you overhear interesting conversations & behavior. Turn off cells, iPods etc, look & listen
lmao.. Beat it.
I'll get their info not sure who's managing him
If I like Monk, I'll like Burn Notice and White Collar? Netflix, don't start with me. Might try Midsomer Murders though...
thanks babe!
Poe fans, we are looking for an investor to complete the rest of our Edgar Allan Poe film. Please RT!
SNL is like that ex you keep hooking up with even though it sucks every time.
backups are suppose to get physical and he was hot so the shirt needed to come off. I didn't mind it.
Decided I better get tomorrow's blog written while I can. The joys of research travel! I'm trying to do it all from my new blackberry...
The late Hall of Famer Eddie Arcaro holds the record for the most victories in the Wood by a jockey with nine
The iPhone app is the best invention.
Heres another one for every win : #ROLLTRIBE !!
: over-reporting of mobile use can be result of 3rd variable (e.g, extroversion)-conclusion: log data needed 4 validation
how are you ?!
As a friend proposed elsewhere, Ellis should murder Leo out of spite for being fired and then be imprisoned and killed.
crazy how we've lasted this long O_o
Goss: Until we get to scale, we will not see the kind of change that is necessary. Need funding to do it.
RT : Happy President’s Day! Celebrate your day off with Brunch at Cafe Deluxe!
Say say round
what are you writing? Sounds like a great day!!! Have fun
Brantley: 50 state librarians endorsed IA library lending program
"shit I'll tell ya...come around me actin Reggie Lil bitch I'll sell ya"
Man, just downed another six pack of burgers. Where did he get these things? We know where they're going.
NONO KINDOLL NEED TO GO ON A DATE WIT ME
When your hair starts falling out, it's time to step away from the sewing machine.
Spanish Proverb~ Take hold lightly let go lightly. This is one of the great secrets of felicity in love.
RT : DGA says they've put another $700,000 behind Wisconsin recall ad // DGA has less $ than RGA, will they have any for #NCGOV?
Im 18....FUCK I thought I would be buff as hell by now
character limits, oops
By choice I've been taking public transportation for 5 months. I have a whole new appreciation for people who have to use it.
Today, Twitter recommended that I follow a co-worker that died many years ago.
NEW MIXTAPE COMING THIS SUMMER!!! DISCLOSE THE TITLE MAYBE IN A FEW WEEKS...JUST STAY POSTED!!!
I sleep way too much ...
yeah. One that runs two minutes fast and brings the world along with it only for me would totally fix it.
Today is the oldest you've ever been, and the youngest you'll ever be again.
There is always 101 Tommy. Amare's hand=Curt Schilling bloody sock??
I work you know my golden rule
filming tomorrow and then I leave fri for vegas! Next week?
glad to be in the good news grp! we need more #nwindiana spreading good news!
Happy Birthday to a great friend,
Wish I could say the same thing RT : .....okay so who the fuck is Sarah Phillips?
at work for now then out for dinner and drinks!
Stay in touch Angela!
You have to have a hustle!
With & Learning how to Engage Supporters Online (@ Marines Memorial Club)
Making bacon-wrapped chicken livers. Don't look at me like that.
Thanks so much, appreciate the encouragement.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Time to total saturation - 28:30.
you're doing it wrong. SHUT UP. YDG?
very cool. That's awesome. More institutions should consider it.
everyone is brilliant in their own way
This naked bike ride is way more popular than I expected!
I now have moves like jagger stuck I'm my head!! Thanks Cc:
The Liquify tool is full of dark magicks.
Happy Friday!
The interest rate on a 30-year fixed-rate loan fell to 3.94% this week, the lowest rate since mortgage giant Freddie Mac began tracking it.
be careful - I love you x
#drupalcon points out the passion that new people must have for Drupal, given the poor onboarding experience.
The more things change, the more they stay the same.
nope, I'm going to do the whole "Dances with squirrels thing"
BIG THANKS TO and All the people who came to the best BACON FEST EVER!
Follow our account. All other DBHH accounts will be shut down in a week thank you!
Sounds fun! “: Holiday Fantasy of Lights at Alum Creek State Park: November 19 - January 2, 2012 ... #columbusohioevents”
I appreciate the affirmation. Don't be scared. There is much joy in the work:)
Thanks a lot!!
RT- Just got hit by a fat man's belly/// Oh man, that's the worst!
chicken lasagna sounds like an incredible dish.
There really is nothing better in this world though than clean sheets and a clean room... ah the simple pleasures :)
thanks, John. Look forward to connecting and engaging.
In studios this morning to kick off their support of our Relay For Life season.
My fav Rihanna song "Watch N Learn" =P its ya turn now, watch n learn now, AYE AYE AYE AYE!
that isn't reviewable? It was clearly still out of bounds
Marty Schottenheimer predicts these Chiefs could win "several games" in the playoffs. Four would be plenty.
Fletch is on.
bye bye i love you
Good talking to you, but I'm afraid it was for nought. Perhaps, one of these days, you will become enlightened in your views.
Good luck JLWDC on a successful Tossed & Found Sale from the JLM (Minneapolis) :)
I love the show Awkward. on
Must start listening to the Hopscotch Spotify playlist *now* so I can have it all heard by September.
what's the problem
well hello there ;)
Go Pacers!!!!
what was that building? A prison?
Mike and Wesley rapping on Aaron ! Lol
To the people who say "RuPaulogize". You better RuPent for your reality tv watching sins.
Wanna party in true G6 style w/ ? She's having an #openbar concert on May 3rd in
RT : We are so proud of #Kscholar and geriatrician Sei Lee, recipient of AGS New Investigator Award
I always use when going to a new city for advice on where to stay. really helpful!!!
Free résumé tips for iOS job seekers: 1. It should be a 1 page PDF. 2. Show off some nice apps and coding skills. 3. Spell Xcode correctly.
Playing NCAA on PS2... Getting my game plan ready for Saturday.
It feels like I've been awake al day but I've only been up a few hours
currently attending part 3 of CONTENTdm software training.
Thanks for your Re-Tweet!
RT : #praiseGod I am a sinner who is saved by God's AMAZING grace
Congrats to an old captain duck on winning the natty title
Finna be one epic ass night, somebody daughter finna be my victim, Tragic Story LOL
Anyone wanna join me for a CD release party in Atlanta tonight??? If you know me, call me...
... time for the clown car to bring out Chris Chandler
OH MY LORDYYY will you shutup already !!!
#FingersCrossed RT Fun Fact: Boehner knows that if the President wins, his Speakership is over.
The pitch event 2night takes on "collaborative consumption", interesting concept-Why do we all need our own lawn mower?
I think Honey could sell off some candlesticks first
Creativity is essentially a lonely art. An even lonelier struggle. To some a blessing. To others a curse. It is in reality the a
Umbrella/waterfall/pastrami lifestyle
he's a good dude tho. i taught him how to catch treats.. its awesome! i'll have to post another video :)
Addicted to Criminal Minds!! Ugh. It's soo good(:
Last night was fun at tLong Wongs listening to Kevin Redlich Thanks to Kevin for letting me jam with him. We play there tonight at Long...
Happy FF to great study abroad tweeps
they dress better and have better taste for artistic things?
name a fine restaurant in the area
About to start 1st session at Discussing vibrant neighborhoods and promoting Baltimore's history. -Jessica
Im a be up all night now
you are right the cycle continues until Hamas stops. Israel cannot allow their Civilians to be murdered. So choose peace.
#Ducks only shooting .378, #Colorado shooting .517, yet #Ducks only down by 1. Hit shots & we will win
Getting picked up from school early>>>
Ron's been consistently forcing Durant out to the perimeter on catches.
nothing i do is ever right..
ah - maybe that's the problem. For some reason, I thought that tickets went on sale today. Perhaps I'm too late?
Get warmer. Right now. I can't wear a sombrero in this weather!!
Big Bang Theory.
Go USA Hockey
RT : Yes. There might be beer items at the Building Tomorrow Build-a-School auction on Friday. 3 blocks west of the...
Thank you. He is just a joy.
Much needed mani/pedi and what makes it even better is my hubs is joining me!
MODERN DEFINITIONS... CRIMINAL: A guy no different from the other, unless he gets caught
If a cow has twins, a bull and a heifer, the heifer will never be able to reproduce
at least I got a bronco cheerleader following me...
Do you have room for one more? ;) x
Tonight ISIS 1010 prairie st houston Tx 77002 - couples & ladies free till 11PM!! VIP includes free drinks all night!!! info 281.860.2877
i pray for him & ask that he pull thru when all else fails only one man can say if its time to go
Without fail same guy in my section yells "no!" after every foul called on Bucks on offense. Every single game.
This week’s Type News will be up later today. Thanks for your patience!
Yeah Cheryl, of course. You too!
Testing out suggestion for a single settings file for all environments.
do you have to whine and bitch about friends, boyfriends, etc, on twitter? cuz thats all anyone does...
RT : To get rich never your risk your health. For it is the truth that health is the wealth of wealth.~Richard Baker
“ why you stealing my post lol
I've always been afraid to say I'm in love, but damn fuck it. I'm in love!!!!!!!!!
See I've been waiting all day, for you to call me baby
We are located in the heart of the historic #BackBay, right next to the Arlington T stop, #BostonCommon & #NewburyStreet!
“: avi cute” thanks love <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Yo just walked another Card. Marco Estrada now warming up for the #Brewers in the pen.
Ashley landed safely :)
Summer is heating up and remember freinds and family
alright hold on!
nice tweet!!
TURN OFF THE LIGHTS AND TURN OF THE SHYNESS
Standing less then 50 feet away from Ashley Tisdale
mark ribot meets chaplin's the kid. marcus roberts trio! charlie hunter & go home. patricia barber. yasmin levy. all this wk sfjazz spring.
rock on Jimmy!
u have the singing one.? LUCKY!!!
Thanks for the hookup with the swag. I'll be rockin it today on The Talk.
I don't wanna get up :c
Call for Military Discounts. We support our Armed Services (800) 810-1580
If you have nothing nice to say then just shut the fuck up.
Special shout-out to for spreading the word about #TEDxMid yesterday. Our second highest live stream viewership was from Egypt!
i go on my twitter and is name is everywhere i guess he is on:) follow
Eating candy at the dentist ...
Thinking about posting up an unreleased track this weekend... any takers?
Thanks for the great tips!
When you get invited to a formal event and you'd rather wear a dress you already have an wore like once!, than go buy a new one>>>>
Again I came to NYC and did not see you :-( But I got your Christmas card - thank you! Offer still stands for Mardi Gras...
ODs, students advocating for #optometry on Capitol Hill: hashtag your tweets #aoahill! And thanks for advocating for your profession!
sure I am ! what would u like to get entertain about ! ?
Ok Pacers!
My new theory...facebook was in a bidding war with apple for instagram.
lol really but did you tell them it was mine lol thats funny though
18 years, and Betty Lou (my Town Car) failed inspection. Thinking about taking her out and shooting her. Put her out of my misery.
do you agree the Reds have the best starter(Cueto) and bullpen pitcher(Chapman) this season so far?
Ever bring grocery coupons to store w/you, buy things specifically because of those coupons then forget 2 use the coupons? Uhh, me either...
Woohoo! Finished the first draft of my research paper due today...now its time to print...
She gets an #Oscar for that statement. "Yeah, whatever!"
in the gay world it's "wanna hang out sometime?"
And when I regain full function, just like a thumbed-feline, I will take over the world! Mwahahahaha!
That ghetto chick in #HardcorePawn trying to sell a ps3 to get her man out of jail >>>> That's a ride or die chick ! -___- Lmaoo
Stay home and make sausage balls and watch Dylans blog or zumba??
What is the funnest thing that you have done so far this summer?
Today should be a eventful day!
I was in Tigard visiting my dad for a night.
~foh~ you're delusional
Sounds good!! We'll keep our twitter fingers crossed for you.
I have some in my pantry! :) RT : A9. dark chocolate with almonds
Don't think there could have been a better throw from H. Sanchez. And he did that on a slider from Zito!
Major #attfail. Been to 2 stores and called customer service. NOBODY knows ANYTHING about the #dellstreak?!??!!!
Your where its at bro.
q2: reaction to words submitted
Your going to talk shit and now be my bestfriend and going to come to me and talk shit about my friend just to let you know i will tell her
thank ya thank ya! I'm about to sing again haha..
Yay, bookbinding! I love Jan Storm van Leeuwen & not just for his delightful name. I'm excited for my bookish bootcamp too.
Ugh ! Haven't slept yet ! So fucking tired ! Think I am like sleepin soon cuz I am half up tweeting lmfao !
I'm gettin it IN tonight! Imma get drunk af!
happy that scotty didn't die last week and look forward to his speedy recovery...thats what he gets for selling his hole for rock n roll :)
i love the twins too but sometimes they can be really annoying but Gia all day....she beat that audience real good
Good Morning, Friends! Hope you're having a marvelous Monday! <U+270C> <U+24C1><U+2764><U+24C4><U+2764><U+24CB><U+2764><U+24BA> <U+270C>
After watching Nicki Minaj's Stupid Hoe music video, I realized that she is way crazier looking than Ke$ha~ :'O The song is catchy though :I
Great to see staying true to original mission of founders via social media! My first car was a #Fairmont ...
Happy Easter. ^-^
On the road to fgcu! Gonna watch our take down the eagles. Let's go bulls!
#RihannaandChrisBrown i LUV the remix of "Birthday Cake" tht is my song cnt wait for the next song they doing together
Work on a holiday
Go #Lions first time in the #playoffs since #1999 we have to take the #saints or its kind of sad for #Detroit so we have to get this
still waiting
hi everyone
lmao you three high dude!!! U put dat on twitter.
yup. Fabulous as usual
Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name.
That awkward moment when you're taking a picture of your food to post it on twitter & everyone's just staring at you.
what about MySpace? Lol remember that crap
Was I surprised by the big truck, driven by a country looking chap, with Adele "someone like you" being played full blast? Yes. Yes I was.
If I had a penny for each misspelled tweet I read, I would be a millionaire!
thanks for the mention. :)
#donna summer. The music of my high schools basement parties, roller boogie and club days when disco stated to fade. She was the Queen! RIP
Hey Dorothea - Tupac lives. Wow! How are you? Branding Atlanta?
Buying "where did I come from" the african american edition
thanks u too!
Thanks for the tip! I'll definitely check it out. I'm just bummed because it's the 3rd year in a row I haven't made it! :(
two different ways of saying this? s: why do i say sorry, even though its not my fault? or it's not my fault, why do i have to say sorry?
so. i had a dream i ran into you at thrift town. but, we still hadn't "met" "met" but we totally recognized each other anyways.
I don't mind a little harmless flirting, but theirs a difference when ur practically throwing urself hoping id catch...
Having been on an aircraft carrier & veterans in the family, I can only imagine how awesome the atmosphere is on the USS Carl Vinson.
Looking for some cool #droid #apps! Can anyone recommend some awesome #free ones?
@ great clips haircut time 4 me today yeah !!!!!!!!!
thanks so much for the story. . dope!
yo get me some followers pleazzzzzzzz
What we mean by :: takes place. IntraWorldly occurrence. Even this :: whoever tried to build a city by selling art? Irremediable :: realism
holla at me ;*
Join us on the 11th floor of Thompson Library tonight at 7pm to hear biographer Wil Haygood speak-he's flying in from snowy DC for this!
Mental health professionals have been treating personality disorders for many decades ...
...and libraries are the bat cave!
Feels so weird being in this bed again .
He's rich, probably not a lot of shawarma served in 5-star restaurants or in-house chefs.
It's technique though too. Even no-knee-havers like Sebonis used to go at the rim and not fade away.
Having a really good hair day >>>>
NO SCHOOL BITCH!!
ohh. Cool. Have fun . I wanna go to vagas when im the age for clubbing.
Early morning paperwork run
you totally do!
Dear smartphones, why can`t you charge yourself? Sincerely, you`re not so smart after all.
laying in bed. thinkin like i always do
Its the Fox News pundit syndrome, cut off anyone making a good point against you. Rude. Dishonest. Despicable.
Going to get myself some :) mmmhm! omnomnom <U+2665>
I have been told that a relative of mine may have illegally forged my name and took out a life insurance policy on me.
If you know what Ditto means go to support rush STAND STRONG
HERBED CHICKEN: Pear & cheese fiocchi, tomato cream sauce & orange gremolata.
thanks to and for putting together an amazing show. Got to hear awesome new music..Lets do it again.
ahh I'm sorry! I found the liquor store and stumbled home. I wasn't ready for all that had to offer tonight ;(
#Shameless marathon w/my man & our mutts.
Happiness all around in staff mtg for Discovery #OV103 + sincere appreciation for Enterprise #OV101. You never forget your first love.
Very sad. Premature decision. RT so, Nature Preceedings closing down eh? Sad.
No offense to anyone else. Problems are only as big as they are if you make them that way.
TOO BAD YOU PENIS CANT SAY THE SAME!!! RT "I used to be a fucking midget like "
#justlearned: What you're accostumed to is not what you're limited to
I admire
“NicoleWTHR: i just tried a bite of the indystatefair french toast burger... AMAZING!! What? I know what we are getting. :0)
I'm 1000% sure the feeling is mutual
Such a blessed day & awesome people in my life! God U R guiding every step of D way I thank U & keep U right here in my heart! I am grateful
I just took a call from a man born in 1925 named "He-Man". If She-Ra calls, I'm quitting. #ihatethisjob #ineedarichman/woman
RT Life doesn't get easier, we just get stronger.
Back from NYC- I spoke at Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Ctr-a great model for how hospitals can give patients "consensus recommendations"
I just finished The Blind Side. Haven't cried that hard since Raiders of the Lost Ark.
I'm going to miss our seniors..
hahaha no, when was this lol
I can't wait to graduate so I can delete all the faggots I hate off of Facebook without feeling awkward seeing them the next day.
finally. Someone else who knows about their greatness.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our show last night at E-String!! :) More shows coming soon!!
Shopping spree at Southridge Mall. So far so good.
Top headlines on Yahoo this morning. #3 was a 60-second time lapse video of Lindsay Lohan aging over the past 25 years. Creeped me out.
not at all!
Liberty U. very evangelical. Spoke of protecting marriage or some such. Born again homophobe (if it will get votes).
They sure did! I need to make a video about it.
It's kind of cool seeing my school on TV. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I can't even believe he said that. Wow.
dark knight at the moment
#CareerRealTalk Retain the services of an accountant, insurance and bonding agent that specialize in your industry
I'm exhausted just thinking about it and he is going to be in Victorian dress too boot!
Wow... U don't know me woman. Bout to go all white girl crazy on me and shit & don't know shit. Make 'em say uh
lol yea right, I love his cum. Right ? ;)
I'd prefer purple or tiny music but.....hm
Yes, good point! Just wanted to know if anyone is drinking any compelling malbec these days. :)
Today is one of those days that you miss the people you love so much you could explode!
I am sure there are lots if people who can't turn left...
love it!
say that im a unicorn [;
I like how mentioned in his tweet haha X^D it would be funny if she actually saw that tweet lol
i think i can call this game.
RT : . says $MSFT #Lync "should be in the short list of top three [UC systems] to consider for enterprises (cont)...
I believe that would be "havok staff"
cat got your tongue? crack a tweet!
so great meeting you gals last night!
follow back? =) please =D
Hope gives you the strength, Grace gives you the courage, and Faith makes your day worth living.
Quote of the day: "Success in life is directly proportional to the number of awkward conversations you are willing to have."
The lovely sound of cheering librarians will now echo through my day....
Was good to meet you! Your Omeka presentation at #THATCamp #SE was great! Thanks
i have t say I miss Mike Ross :/ <3
Friend from gram on the way to my house party party party let's all get waisted...big ups to gram in this bitch
Thanks for spreading the word ! RT : Start. Share. Grow. Restore. Feed! www.needmagazine.com/Issue06/focus01.html
Big matches today for a second round - Andy/Nalby, Nole/Tomic, Ferru/Fer. Wonder which Bernie will show up.
Thank you BasedJacques
Get with it before it's to late
Heey can you give me a link of that interview where Justin talks about Jerry?Thanks :)
They lost because I wasn't there...
I told a FORMER friend once "the day ya start practicing on Monday what ya preach on Sunday, then I'll believe you"
Missed the #beer I was hoping to try by five minutes. Good thing there are plenty of others choices on tap.
follow back?x
Wait--- What's not amazinq, is that we also kill. And hate. And kill. And Cuss. And throw the finqer when absolutely necessary. O.o
one day, i hope i'll be able to tweet " great day w/ "
": That moment when you see him with another girl... and your heart just drops.,."
Awesome, although I would have loved to hear you speak! Perhaps next year????
We had nail-painting day at the office to test blogger collection. All agree 2 coats of Kate + 1 Belle = perfection
there are two 420 party bumpin in my neighborhood right now
There is no evidence whatsoever that "The World Turned Upside Down"-or any music-was played during the Yorktown surrender.
Brown works out of a jam in second, with two more Ks. He's got six through 2 innings, but no-hitter is gone. Game still 0-0
Fbzfest depends on where and when for me too. I need to look into IFBC. Tho all this assumes I'll be blogging regularly again!
Omg so i guess i been txtn a andrew lol who is this guy???? Really lmao
Eric - How was the rest of the trip to Miami? When are you coming down to Tampa to check out the Bucs?
Thanks for coming on Saturday, we're glad you had a good time!
Who is going to be the VCC's keynote speaker? Your guess is as good as ours. Suggestions? We provide one hell of a veggie plate.
I say Bloomfield, purely geographically, but it has a Lawrenceville feel. If pressed to pick one, I say Bloomfield.
It wasn't good scotch, alas. But what it lacked in quality, it made up in quantity. >.>
Who's gonna be our 100th follower? #youbetterbecool LETS GO CAPS!
Thank you! *pompoms*
Today it's HAPPY HOUR ALL DAY at Paesanos Midtown. $3 Drinks and $4 Appetizers from open to close! Hope to see you there...
SNOW - After long discussion between Director Saba and Casting Director Suzanne Baranski, the characters are cast.
I love the song and music video <3 Hope your having a wonderful birthday :)
I love it when people think they know what's best for u, n when u try to tell them how u feel about it, ur just wrong :/
*waits for GOP to troll about "family values" or some other bullshit*
Nice, let see!
When I'm famous, , , and Justin Bieber will be my bestfriends. End. Of. Story. <3
my family business my dad worked there and my older brother work there.. Well the warehouse not the factory
By changing how I do things I am breaking the fear that kept me bound.
About to see the Capitol Steps in DC. The average age of the audience appears to be 60. and I are Tearing. It. Up.
True but, emotions can be controlled. One just has to reprogram themselves about what things mean to them.
HELP ME .... PLZZZZZZ
10 at the door 20 if u wanna skip that shit
"So then, those who suffer according to God’s will should commit themselves to their faithful Creator & continue to do good." -1 Peter 4:19
But I have a knack for proving people wrong and making them look like an ass lol
Winter has officially started. Friggin cold!!!!
if* they did that
haha that dude is gonna eat his words !!
Curious, anyone outside WI (or inside) have any questions about today's #wirecall primary? Will try to answer if I can.
Y do bad things happen to good ppl? A question we all have. Just know that Through the pain Gods love will give u life my prayers r w/u
that's gonna happen at concerts tho
I'm pretty sure that new Warcraft commercial has the WOW nerds going 4p35h1t
Supposably the teacher is whispiring. the whole class can hear
fuck you hooker face!
is coming to town tomorrow for a quick weekend.
More marriages might survive if the partners realized that sometimes the better comes after the worse.
thanks for reading, ladies! i lived in la for five years too!
that one when finished will probably be that side up we'll see of course as the paintings evolve on their own I just hold the brush
Enjoying a young but delicious 2008 Quilceda Creek Cab.
only if they're made from real pony meat.
I was not happy with Sherlock Holmes 2. Not one bit. Irene Adler's smarter than that.
RT : "If you focus on what you're afraid of, it'll put you in a lousy state."
The day of CEO wishes are dead and it has been replaced with employee and consumer engagement. Its a good thing.
i jus called u fag
Yes! Somehow it happened automatically one day? I would love to get us on the Google Cal they have though...
Hell yeah great workout way to finish off the weekend I love that shit
Hello from the Indian Ocean! Being treated so great by some fine military men & women! Thanks 2 4 this opportunity!
Hang out with , & at the #NURFC TONIGHT (5:30pm) for From Civil War to Civil Rights...to Human Rights.
Phantom time!!!!
Were going to miss you Al.... come back soon! xoxo
RT : A yoga instructor with anger management issues has to teach a group of juvenile delinquents to win a bet. #logline pass
Agreed! Great panel! RT Fantastic session! Thanks
I'd say put it up to vote... But there prolly would b a recall on that too!
my historical recollection is its only been live when at Golden Hall or Civic Theatre.
Thanks for the follow, Suzanne. Hope to see you more in the new year!
A fly Somaphony shirt!
Happy Birthday to my friend !
lol almost, that wasnt them...oh i know, "B**** i wanna F***, F*** yo phone numbaaa" haha
thank god it's friday!!!!!
Too tired to study yet too awake to sleep.
I cant get u outta my head
At least I hope so because that shit just happened.
This ball movement by Bucky early on is amazing...hopefully this stays this way!!! #LETSGOBUCKY!!!
yes but mine has certain potency...
Express your identity and tell your story
Coming up! Have you seen the super moon yet? That's also history in China.....
Anyone have A/C units in stock? Mine just died and I only buy from independent small businesses not multi-national corporations.
Your The Only One Who Thought It Was Funny
Poetry is brutal
97% of the flavonoids (antioxidants) in broccoli were lost when cooked in the microwave!
Ok for realsies we go on around 8:30!
on pandora, they played moment 4 life, peacock, then S&M. talk bout' IaMmE.
I had one but I deleted it...what's up?...
Too much fog outside
23 minutes on previews b4 #hungergames. 3 Vampire movie previews.
It's your look. You black, hella sexy and a lil' nerdy. So white dudes think they can approach you .. lol
How did I get all the boy trouble makers in my group?
I'm still not part of the campaign.
go eat something. You will feel better ;p
RT For each petal on the shamrock This brings a wish your way - Good health, good luck, and happiness For today and every day.
Headed down to the Jake for #TRIBE vs #Rangers ... First #Indians game as a fan this season...can't wait!
Is that a Hyundai?
Major news on the way...
If you don't respect yourself what makes you think others will
God doesn't just reveal things to us FYI. He expects us to repent, ask Him to fix us, and put perimeters in place to prevent temptation.
Why is the GOP upset that Obama slow jammed the news on Fallon last night? Don't they know it was just a hologram?
that's what Lebowski said
Pdoc's is awfully successful in Cincy....
I am presently working on time travel and free energy. I have 85 members on trans dimensional unified field theory group on linkd.
the only thing I'll give u, this was a great series! #Nuggets till I die
I'm jealous! Working today and tomorrow!
Look for us on Facebook at "Team In Training MI" and "Team In Training Triathlon-Michigan" Invite your friends too!
The clothes dont make a man
How did my apartment get so many bugs in so few days...
not specific players, but Suburban House in Baltimore has The Raven and The Oriole sandwiches
Going to see the Avengers with my brother
Gary will be performing on Christmas show TONIGHT 7-9p CST. You can listen to it live from their site or on
If you accept the expectations of others, especially negative ones, then you never will change the outcome.- Michael Jordan
Joe Gannascoli (aka Vito Soprano) is a big Clicgear fan. Here is a picture taken this weekend of Joe and his Model 3.0 cart.
Qponomics has been proud members of the Metro Chamber since June 2010! Supporting local business is priority number one.
Speak unto me the hidden and secret things of Thy wisdom. On Thee do I set my hope, my God, that Thou enlighten my mind and understanding
A UN Millennium Development Goal is to halve the amount of people in the world without access to safe drinking water by 2015. Let's DO this!
Just went south of the boarder at granny's pad!
Good day Chicago! Stop in today for $16 bottomless mimosas. Who needs pants?
Life gives answer in 3 ways. It says Yes & gives u what u want, it says no and gives u something better, it says wait and gives u the Best!
": It's sad how guys go for the outgoing girls, when the ones that keep to themselves can actually handle a relationship."
Who is this hawtiee sitting behind me? ;)
- I'm going to show this to my wife. :D
Great! I'll shoot her an email now. Thanks so much! Have a great day :)
NBA Playoffs..... Tomorrow!!!
#onlyif I was 6'9" and in shape I could have played pro basketball
Why #Zappos is moving into an urban environment. Reminded me of how creates "happy accidents" between employees to drive innovation.
Don't ever cancel or change Jubilee. A great "Old #Vegas " night: Roll some dice, Jubilee, cocktails at the Peppermill.
looks spectacular
We are looking for food trucks in the evening hours all days Suggestions??? 713 417 7447
u on tv tonight?
3RD ANNUAL LAS VEGAS FIGHT WEEKEND TRIP/PARTY 2012 PACKAGES ARE MOVING FAST CALL 202-643-4347 LOCK IN YOUR PACKAGE TODAY!
damn,im workin.i will dvr it
#happynewyear and you too, !
Yo, Rick Perry, "regulations" has 4 syllables in it...or is this your idea of reducing unnecessary rules?
Why is he so cute
Mane are we gon let these pacers sneak us 2nite cmon now boys step that shit up
This is one of those roles I just know Im about to get.
sometimes you like, sometimes you don't.
cool. Thanks!!
some people just don't grow out of their high shool mentality...
Sorry, Michele Bachman gotta drop out of the race, your remarks to Tim Pawlenty were very uncalled for and show no leadership
Please spank her, Christian, PLEASE.
Praying for your family TJ
Thats how you do it running it in! Go #Chiefs!
We are! #coltstrong “: You guys excited for the draft? #dreamscomingtrue”
So apparently Scott's going to get himself ordained to perform his best friend's wedding ceremony. THIS IS AWESOME.
i'm Mahomie forever!!!....
At the Behavioral Health Integration meeting. Chuck Milligan explains subgroup process. Tweeting using
Get yourself to sellout.woot right now, Whiskey Stones for only $3.99 - love mine
you and everyone in nc too
I love that my autocorrect changes butthead to butt thread
Apparently U have not read the Pearl of Great Price. Walking with Christ costs me everything - gains me so much more.
Great night last night at #NYCAP! Met awesome #CD and talented #director Q. Morris ! So much fun! Thank you!!
Ok so we were hacked so if you got any weird messages we are sorry
it's a great word. Find me a better word that means the same thing and I'll work it into the mix.
Watching Grey's Anatomy...
If it's not sweltering in the studio today I promise to say a prayer for the poor souls in purgatory.
I know. I love them, but only optical ones. Roller-balls are absolute shiss.
Are you getting married this year?
Thanks to the #oah2012 staff for the Advil. My morning heroes.
Keep in mind I don't believe any of that. I just thought I'd share.
Chris Paul man
With Peter Fonda at birthday dinner! :happy bday KB!
Romney looking like a winner in Michigan..but DELEGATE count will be close.
"Real Bulls Fans hate the Heat" actually we hate Lebron lmao which i do..but the man is good have to admit that
Austin&Alex became friends because they had the same shoes! ..If it wasn't for the shoes, would they be friends today? #ThankYouShoes ;)
no doubt
wit a shotgun!!!
nap be back latter happy birthdayy dana ! :)
Stop trying to be interesting. Instead strive to be interested. Jim Collins.
i don't think you tweeted enough yesterday
I like it. I can't wait for man on the moon 3!
Thanks so much for all of your support of Beema Inc. We love our clients!
amen sister
Also, jewelry appraiser Kevin Zavian bears an uncanny resemblance (visage and voice) to Dennis Farina, and it drives me nuts.
Summer Reading List cont. 5) The Grace of Silence by 6) Lizz Free or Die by
I just left. You staying in lex tonight?
Okay I'm for real going to sleep now. Damn Michi lol
I Really want to sleep in tommorow...
Ha! So true. Got to hang half a hundred to be satisfied. RT : That was a sooner fan victory!
oh okay just rub it in lol
Wishing a very happy birthday!!!
RT : This will go over well w/ vendors here "No one should ever write a check 4 Social Software licenses again" - at
no, I think "let's just fuck and be friends" is pretty clear. Right?
Whenever I have a problem I sing, then I realize my singing is worse than my problem :)
The #Broncos let go of GM Brian Xanders today. I can only assume the reason behind the move is that he failed to sign Alex Tanney.
so welcome
thanks so much! definitely one of my favorites too :)
Been Circulating all week. Can't beat a free ride! I'll miss the door-to-door #11 ride when it's hot though.
can u find me a taylor icon like urs ? : D
Well I am Old (43 which is ancient in this industry) so I must qualify as a 'new' old medi head. LOL!
#PhrasesIWishWouldDie Twitterverse, any combination of two celebrity names that are dating.
The tenderness in her kisses eased some of the tension for Brett and allowed the two of them to connect without words
Trust only what you drink, nothing else.
Hubby has me watching history channel. Didn't know the term sideburns came from General Ambrose Burnside.
Wohoo! So happy for ya. I want to do Tough Mudder some day. Can't wait for video.
with 42% of seniors in CA under Elder Index. Dental issues are #1. Hard to eat properly and stay healthy. Is there a plan?
i signed up on the waiting list & i got them xD
depends on if you want to go free or pay?
Break a leg! Give my love to everyone in Xavier!
She probably didn't care how much she got as long as she gets to sit next to the Queen.
Thank you! :)
LA is too overcrowded
Hi Mike, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional algorithm can assist you better understand your customers Follow me to DM?
HEY PEOPLE ;) I'M HERE HOW ARE YOU ?
I think my wisdom teeth are coming in because they hurt so bad :(((((((
Usual Suspects on #HBOGO. Next two hours devoted to watching my all-time favorite film. Career performances from Del Torro & Spacey
Not sure yet I'll text you later...
Inevitable I must do laundry...I have said it even written it down maybe now I will actually make it happen...Happiness is clean laundry!!!!
#First20SongsOnShuffle 6. Chelsea Smile- Bring Me The Horizon
It's do or die time!
Do you have any black inside you?
Blog so hard sopa wanna find me \m/
DEC.5TH @ THE HANGER!!! YOUNG PHAT LIVE!!!1 INDUSTRY INFLUENCE!!! LETS GO YOUNG!!!! MIGHTY MPIYA BUSINESS!!!
So eager to start helping out small businesses with their design needs - will be reaching out to mom/pop shops that are in need of websites!
Jealousy is a female trait
Haha! I thank you and I humbly accept the rose :-)
Today is my wife's last day on the job at Core 10 Architecture her in Saint Louis, and she is very sad. Her bosses and co-workers are great.
that one!
Hate this bitch. Fuck her
Hey baby
this rain is testing my patience.
an all yu fake ass hoes aint gone get nun from me!
naw say it
It looks like its smiling lol
and the winner between the iphone 4S and Droid Razr Maxx is... :: drum roll:: ... Droid.
#DearMen Our woman are waiting on us to lead and love the right way.
Call Me Mr. 'Random Bag Check' ;)
Duplex in St. Louis 31% Cash on Cash Return! “Get This Solid 31% Cash on Cash Producer Today For Your Investment Portfolio“
I already found my favorite bachelor! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
we're on it. thanks for the heads up!
Well if you never want a game to be decided on a call then take care of your business then still a good game by both teams
oh plus it cost $100. i am not paying that much to run that far. i don't even think you could pay ME that much to run that far.
Make sure to stop tonight at #thepressroom we'll be performing at 11pm
Hyatt Regency La Jolla, Dan Diego area.
In regards to what?
My anger is super high tonight ... Haven't been this angry in a while tho .
and American Century Music at First Church in Boston: Lydian String Quartet plays Harbison's String Quartet No. 2 12:15 PM
I have been watchingthe shaka zulu mini series all weekend, this is deep!
You are more than "good enough" and very talented! Your moment is coming. In the meantime, enjoy the journey.
That must mean the Orange are now 2012 National Champs....funny....I have not seen the t shirts or the hats yet.
MT : Pianos are back on 16th St. Mall! Denver musicians go play on them -make some tips & make Denver an awesome place to be!
I think I need a break from the dealings of reality
had a debate today bout buddens or drake,,,drake cant f wit joe
next time I have a front page post you will. I know you will.
I dare say I like your choice of photo for the contest!
While 26 states have reduced their prison populations, 24 states have increased theirs, and the federal prison pop has doubled since '94.
So glad I bought I see stars new album its amazing check it out ! Don't pirate it or your stupid ! # DigitalRenegade
RT : Remember, we're giving away a free Music Industry contact directory! RT one of our tweets about one of our directories!
learned that in 7th grade idiot, also learned how to spell "dropped" in kindergarten. 0-2, kinda like how ud hit w/o roids
So this TriMet detour takes the bus past the Hot Bikini Brew coffee stand. Stretched to see out window. Will investigate on noncommute day.
Welcome, writer of note.
Camp Rock 3
Asian eyes but I swear EVERYTHING else is Black hahaha ;)
I really wanna get another piercing!!
I have to write a thesis paper, I can't remember how
I put a bird on it. WHAT?!
Hungry Again, :)
how was it?
What can I post here to make my Twitter really interesting? I start talking & then I'm already almost out of space :(
me while watching black swan: this bitch actually thinks she a swan.
Still deciding whether to use a Wynton Marsalis piece for my solo in Greece.. it will come to me; so much music to be inspired by.
Who remembers the spongebob twins on bag girls club lmfaooooo
#health tip: Hope ur kids dont inherit ur 2 left feet? Dont worry: A childs athletic prowess is determined more by parental support
Follow me! What's your twitter name?
thanks! Follow us to find out when the film will be released theatrically in Boston!
Alright, I'm 1 follower away from 90. I'd like to stay above that number for more than a week.
had to take all my money and invest in my house. I'm gutted but I had to do it
I'm still waiting for us to be able to put our own faces on the front! Even if it's just so we could print and enjoy :-)
Who the hell selling gyros up there bro???
I will sing to the LORD because he is good to me. (Psalm 13:6 NLT)
Welcome to Pittsburgh NRA! We hope you get out and enjoy our nightlife and all the fine attractions we have to offer to our visitors.
My eye is on some other shit right now
the "who would you kill" segment was unfortunately timed, but still pretty brilliant
Non hockey tweet there... :)
Baby, you're a star, brighter than the sun, just the way you are, you're the one I love!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
This Line though.
All you have to do is stand still and look stupid
Happy 1st day of #spring !
"We must not allow the clock and the calendar to blind us to the fact that each moment of life is a miracle and mystery." -- H. G. Wells
Pro basketball. You're tall.
RT : Make fruit the everyday dessert for your kids. Serve baked apples, pears, or enjoy a fruit salad instead of sugary desserts.
Im just wanna have some fun.
ask mom for SS card so you can finish Fasfa and her stop bitching at you... mom forgets.. #notmyfault!
you float my boat ;)
Totally ignoring that.
Thanks to for a spotlight on Priority List. Let's hope the stage doesn't explode on Saturday
Follow us on Twitter!
Sushi night with the girls :) good food and amazing friends
Would you agree the term reverse racism should not exist? Its all racism. Plain and simple. All form cannot be tolerated.
I sho would like to work at Steve Madden just to get that 50% discount
wwyd if tweeted u saying i love u right now?
Interviewed from Metal Blade Records. Everything was All Access......and we learned what Brian thought of James voice early on.
I'm okay with harsher punishment then death-by-tickling. FIVE OF THEM.
oh ok cool I might see ya
Dang Blake haha
Any success stories out there using Foursquare for loyalty programs? Would love to hear your details/results.
Filming boobs, auditions, and acting class... My favorite kind of day. :)
But outta pot!!!!!
#newyork ESPECIALLY if we're talking about the #yankees!
I'll have to revamp my instrumental hip-hop playlist, with , , and
why does it matter if they dont believe they seem so pssd off all the time arent u supposed to be happy with your belief system?
#bird wisdom :v my address is: thisisminethisisminethitism
Love won't wait forever
A: "Personalization for Social media -- it's how big brands can get the most reach for everyday products"
guess how many fish fry's sells today and win a complimentary fish fry on the Friday of your choice. Winner posted tomorrow
someone just asked me if they could kiss my eyes because they're stunning...do you think that's weird too or?
RT if you are going to the International Sportsmen's Exposition!
sorry meant due time is an hour off.
Thank you I try so hard
"quasi white shoes moto"
it's pointless. Hence how rare it is.
awe! Are those the shoes and earrings? I love how you package them!
that place is GREAT!
How are you liking the weather ? (: <3333
Haha I already saved it!
what's good Fredo!!! It's been a quick minute!! :)
I love finding out this stuff about my house & neighborhood. If I could have a superpower, it would be time travel.
LOL! She runs away?!
Just got home so what's good twitter!
I'm thinking of doing a Queen's of the Stone Age Cover. Any ideas on what song I should pick?
Great! RT happy birthday pastor. Thanks for writing Sun Stand Still. The Word + S is shaping my life at current.
Please watch the Shelby County Mayoral Debate on children’s issues Thurs., July 15 from 7 to 7:30 PM on wreg.com & News Channel 3 Anytime!
Baking even more christmas cookies :)) i'm going to gain SO MUCH WEIGHT!! :P
The Trims will start the New Year by using Twitter more often. :)
let me know how it goes! am at #hth2012 wish I could also be at
#libchat Q7 We don't have space, or much time to invest in Amazon. I personally love Better World Books.
umm...well I've been there like a million times already. We were there the same night as you once.
good ! get used to it (:
Ok, TMZ breaks every celebrity death story. I'm starting to think they're grim reapers who are also obsessed with crotch pics and mug shots.
Can't believe the number of students making jokes about the potential gunman on campus
Go to www.elbybrass.com/music to hear samples from the CD!
RT JasH0VA: NOBODY DRINK ANY CHERRY HILL TAP WATER OR FOUNTAIN DRINKS. SOMETHIN IS WRONG WITH THE WATER.
RT Were. Going to the SUPERBOWL!!!!! ***Hell yeah!!!
It's totally happening this year. Meanwhile, Devin Ebanks is the best player on your Lakeshow.
So close
iHave All Faith In My Clippers Team Tonight!
I know exactly how...You're an addict!! You need an intervention!
Thanks for the shout out! Did you get a chance to come out?
Today I feel like being lazy!
will you be back home tomorrow?
nigga you know its not easy finding a job in philly, i got two up here
Why are you a mahomie? Why do you love him?
Done on computer for tonight. Goodnight folloewers
Packers are nuts! Keep scoring points.
Conrad's Crab on Joppa rd are money!!!!
In the studio
Join us help end child hunger Sept 18- 24. For more information on how you can help go to www.dineoutfornokidhungry.com
I've forgotten how mindless the "top" commenters can be on local online newspapers like .
Some days I feel like I've failed at loving people the way I should.
Listening to a recap of our culture of patient safety program. Inspiring. Proud to work
Shawty is a ten!!!
Unbelievable. No one I follow has twittered in 9 whole minutes.
Thx to Sarah Edelsburg and Downtown Partnership, Taharka Bros. ice cream and everyone who came to today's "Poets in Preston" reading!
So for next Sunday do I watch the mob wives reunion or lisa goes gaga?
Cable TV Ballin.
new video is amazing!!!
No matter what side of the argument you are on, you always find people on your side that you wish were on the other.
you should just go for it! No regrets!
Yes, I'm the dad @ back of wedding w/toddler whose head is on ground, laughing @ everyone from under butt, putting the 'ass' back in classy.
I need you all to use your best persuasive powers to get others to follow the CTL on Twitter. We need more people. Jeffco followers unite!
RESPECT MY MIND!...
I just earned the Sushi Sensei badge on #Yelp!
Lmfaoo this man is on point right here ": Reason to Josh Hamilton's success? He packs fuckin' bombs #dbh"
: Niall shows off his fancy footwork behind the scenes on the tour DVD! Who's looking forward to watching? 1DHQ x
dear lord
1st 4 companies just pitched to & mc at #SXaccel. I'm glad I'm not a judge :)
Estimated annual cost of obesity-related illness: $190.2 billion
Prep! Do your research beforehand, then be confident & friendly.
Hell did they see what they did to twice?!
lining up speaker opportunities for 2009 WiMAX Industry events! Stay tuned -
Thanks, Steve, for everything - the devices, the thinking, the marketing, the brand, the coolness.
Great show today! Part 2 of Susan Koeppen's survival story and we're giving away more ski passes! Tune in.
txt me the info!
I turned off all plugins, changed theme, reinstalled WordPress, but turning off Rocket Loader fixed it.
MANI/PEDI AND GHOST PEPPER ICE CREAM WEEKEND?
halfies if you win? :)
wtf is that?
RUSH tix are available up to 2 hrs prior to curtain. But How to Succeed isn't coming to the Hippodrome any time soon, sorry!
Twitterers are happiest in the morning, and most miserable around 3-4 p.m. each day. HM i wonder why??? haha
make a ustream .. i miss watching u... lmfao
Good morning everyone! And thanks for the recommendation
Welcome back to another great week at school!
Last night was fucking crazy... Emotionally drained.
follow and please :D x15
my 3 yr old said "she forgot her shirt! She's dancing with her boobies!" #familyshow?
cool and I bet u look nice and have fun!:)
moving to the 1950s
#Vicks infused #Puffs are the most amazing facial tissues in the world.
Thanks for the add as well!
Happy Mother's Day gals!
less funny than I expected also, commercial tv really sucks. I think the next few will deliver more. Loved "is this a ruse?"
Not many....NOBODY knows that I can sing like Adele. I ALWAYS hit the high notes in her songs(: I feel good about it.
it's going to be a bad year for bugs of all kinds. no deep freeze => ++bugs.
Morning got here too early today
Looks like our twitter has been hacked! Well work on fixing it so sorry for the bad tweets. :-(
I just want to know how to ween myself off. It's just a rote issue. Trying it now. It's working, but hard. See?
Seeking #Opensource Developer. #LAMP, #Apache and web skills. Contact
RT : powerful to see many young people speaking 2 Council @ Cambie Corridor meeting on challenges ~housing affordability in
Seriously? I'm getting e-mailed spam from Youtube? Yeah, this is gonna need to stop.
awe hung out with dalton
My question exactly - harder to get 30% more unique visitors vs page views.
RT : Phoenix Coyotes are having a "white out" at their game (all fans wear white), people in AZ ever think about other colors.
doing it for tenure, a larger discussion, seems natural for DH hires: and good luck! but maybe it's not for everybody yet.
Too bad none of us won the lottery. Haha
DO IT!
i knwo shands will and the heart institue in miami will.theres one in jacksonvilee too that does new heart proceedures
well alot has been happening here and there>>>>just random things
Google timbukt2 commute 2.0 messenger bag. They have all different types and sizes. This is the small of the 2.0
When you do somethin, you gotta do it BIG!
ESPN stay shading the Bears. Yeah dog they on some straight bs. That why the Bears are gonna straight house those clowns.
Why is the weekend over?
Watching some highlights from the Mets broadcast last night, good realize that every team has a homer in the booth.
These and similar ways of thinking are wrong
I'm so happy gay marriage passed in New York state! Sixth state to grant freedom!
about time :)
Why would I pay $6.99 for your boingo hotspot when my 3G is free?
I wonder if #oomf would take me back!
Well good morning.
of course who wouldn't miss my pretty face! Move to New York!
#30waystomakeagirlsmile The smallest things matter the most ^.^
I have 2compensate for my haggard face these days. Stress is funny: makes u thin but ugly & tired. My humor is my mask.
If it works for Special Ops, then it should work for art history, which is less dangerous & less crucial to nat'l security most of the time
Ha i just posted some lol I love Piercings too ;)
#NoOffenseBut BranchOut seems like a faker LinkedIn. I don't want to jeopardize my professional integrity. Where's my drugs?
Do you love to excel? I believe all of us do
Oof, total Xmas nailbiter. (Thanks, Melo!) It's clear we desperately need Baron or Bibby to have a throwback year.
take lots of notes before the actual process and use audio memos in your phone. Two things I do a ton of
u watching client list?
naw! It's just that after parking in the same 4-block radius thousands and thousands of times, they all blur together
Dear autocorrect, please quit trying to correct Caro to Carl.
An inspiration-
you were part of the University of Iowa commercial today with greats in all different fields. Awesome
Thanks! Glad you like it.
RT : How To Use HTML Meta Tags: Meta tags aren’t a magical solution, but they will help ensure your website appears o......
Do you like the finer things or are you a simple woman?
omg you ah heat hater
MICA Painting Chair Barry Nemett opening reception TONIGHT 6-8PM for "Adam's Crayons". Come to Stevenson University Gallery, Stevenson, MD
Here's hoping the , , & get #MKEDAY off on the right foot!
I write that shit boy you aint know
I think the moralizing was kinda the point he was making, or at least to say there's something to that anti-game critique.
Happy Opening Day to my second employer at Target Field. Play Ball!
Thanks for the follow Norm!
I'm sorry, but I love a clean man's smell (cologne/bathwash).
Scarborough's an ass.
"I'm out in left field, I'm speaking mentally but that's a better place than where them benches be"
ready for a free phone, make it #krushmas for me!
all stars tour hurry UP. >:o
RT Let's get this out there: 1954 final score was Milan 32, Muncie Central 30. In the movie it was 42-40. We're on movie pace
I got to figure out how to do that as well seems like I jump back and fourth all day #tweet to
No appetite for even chips and salsa? Say it isn't so!
A boy makes his girl jealous of other woman. A gentleman makes other women jealous of his girl.
q2) Translate content into media
Some guys with water guns just jumped on my bus, sprayed everyone and left... At least it's 90° out!
As always, my pleasure. Just keep doing what you do.
ok. Hook done. Verse done. U wanna put one of ya folks on the track or do u want two?
yeah, your dumb . lol
It's that time of night, when I browse Redfin for homes in areas I don't even live in.
no, but that's a brilliant idea... New business? MalavSax deliveries?
A kind lady just tipped the lady scanning her groceries and the other young lady that bagged them. <3<3<3
A favorite.
can summer get here any sooner
I want some birthday cake.
follow if you love being Mindless......
I'm talking about all the minraise folds with like 8 BBs and all that crap haha.
morning Trey hope you have a great day
$2.50 beers at today and tomorrow! Get rid of yer Monday and Tuesday blues.
if u have feelings for your ex dont move on...... <3
Advanced Mailing Services - 505-899-3104 - Ready to be your Bulk Mail handling service provider.
Casting males 7-10 and 17-22 years old for The Birthday Massacre! Auditions will be held 7/31/2010. Check out www.whitehairproductions.com
Loved your article 'Meet Me Halfway' - confirmed a lot of what I have intuited! Starting to relate to science like I used to
Hi, I'm a reporter w/, saw you faved our tweet about Rangers/Devils -- that's not you, is it?
New battery in my phone.. Lovin that.its lasted all day and still has half battery:P
New topic - LR4.1 RC2 New CA control is a HUGE improvement
For you, it probably means less sex too...
New MD Football Uniforms are sick! Let's go TERPS!
Promo girls needed for hire during #SXSW for sold out trade show several days during Interactive. MSG me for details.
tori and sky say hi from vegas
yeap... flyers are at #blend12 front desk and are good all year!
Live for today, plan for tomorrow, party tonight.
the super glue the game needs...I'll help you get it together
and i are among the hidden
Spent the afternoon at Very cool stuff going on. Reminded me of being back at a university research lab.
RT : Rep. Hal Rogers: "I was irritated" at POTUS SOTU comments about tying fed. aid to colleges' tuition.
Tee hee. Page layout with book subtitle over your name makes it appear you're arguing that you are reason violence has declined.
2morrow starting @ 2pm; car & bike show @ Unique Cycle Speacialty located behind HEB Marketplace. Yours truly providing music til 5
Omg didn't do homework... Going to die
So do I! Last year was awesome but this year will be killer!!! Who are you excited to see the most?
Love my STL tweeps but I need to follow more Yankee fans, Cards talk is filling up my Twitter! Have fun @ the game
Well , we Never Rlly Saw Eachother anymore, & we Just Needed A Break!!
Ack! BCBhome opener at Noon tomorrow and Packer game at 3:30! Stop in for a slice or have it delivered so you don't miss the action!
"The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity." Walt Whitman RT
Thanks to everyone that made it out to Beer && Code last night! Great turnout and the four-player Simpsons arcade game session was a blast.
"i believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people. between five, it's fantastic." cum 4 group sex with your fav blond!
Beth...www.unityajourneyofhope.org share in our passion! Enjoy your down time! Bless Ya...
Business professionals in the Milwaukee area looking to make an impact in the lives of youth, volunteer for our Synergy conference Friday!
i tried but she gave me a funny look. so i tried to get a picture to show you and she ran away hahaha im being
I'm sorry that I can't be exactly what you think I am 100% time. But sometimes that idea is impossible to live up to.
well then you're for a real treat when you come to Let it Ho! We wear Christmas vests with like real sessy snowmen on em...sessy.
Absolutely! Next time, we must carve out more time to chat.
Make that 3.
yes, bridges...and much less smog than when I was in LA 2 weeks ago
ew who keyed your car??? And how cold is it? We are a little past Columbus & it's sunny :/
"GET YO HEAD OF THE CHICKEN BOX"
I love my church
can u spell bro....smh
Already preparing for some serious wiffle ball action this summer. Pitchers & catchers report on May 1.
I know chicks like this drunk woman
so yes? (not 2 b pushy)
LOL!!! RT : BREAKING: Andy Reid suspended from McDonalds for 5 days. Unnecessary roughness on a 20-piece McNuggets.
Thank you for the follow...my London friend.
"Fish is food for your brain", that's what my grandma use to say!
Seriously entertains me watching people climb onto the escalator... Some concentrate so hard
so i should change my name to the 23rd
What a ugly day just happy to see it
Life needs a slo-mo button.
Agreed. It's Thursday, thank goodness.
I just cleaned my room for the past four hours it's spotless though lol
sometimes. But. When you dive in - the written words are the character as much as the emotion.
Belated #FF on Saturday for A favorite online presence, indeed.
Council, city workers talk efficiency at goals workshop
Ya Mavs won!!
Damn straight!!
sick I'll smoke a blunt at your funeral
no way dawg
It was bound to happen at some point with the way I play. Ain't to worried about holes in a Martin after seeing Willie's!
and channel 4 just interviewed us for 10pm news about an american cab driver who has Rubella. Make sure u have your shots
I know this happens all the time, but the future me is saddened by this.
We have some big news coming soon... #pdxArtscene (please RT) (via )
thanks for checking it out!!!
The brother and sister get on my nerves, they're both so useless for the most part. The dad is the man.
have you thought about a KISS app? Great way to monetize the fan base using a new media vehicle.Would love to explain a concept
We did nothing but throw ourselves around on the floor.
You will become a native Los Angeleno before you realize it! It's a great city and the business makes it even more exciting.
never ! Only 1time from that pic ! That's all but I was playing no need 2 catch feelings papi :) <3 te amo
Don't feel bad the dentist accused you of being a "snacker": mine demonstrated how to floss--she didn't feel I had it down.
Spent the night dreaming about social networking thanks to the folks over at Spreenkler
Except for the nightly sellouts and half-billion dollar advertising contracts...RT Yankees struck out w/new stadium
Listening to a soundtrack of massive hail and car alarms
: Kanye west hates white people.
Oh my gosh i really just started laughing histarically and just was thinking to myself" I just dont give a fuck!"
#blackbabynames anything that's a car...or ends in "isha"
She came up with some good plans,I think she just wants me out of the house *shrugs*
The emperor has no clothes on and everyone in this room is marveling at his beautiful coat.
Sorry Blazer fans, but Patty Mills drives me nuts.
Gerald Henderson The Rain King
I have a strong dislike for Adam Dunn....ok I hate him.....
RT Great Kissing leads a #Pisces to sex.
No matter how far I go,and no matter how long it takes, no one or nothing can change. Forever yours here I stand!
HA! I don't know what I love more: the wrong tag or the so very right Wilbur reference...
RT : RT : RT : Denver Crime: Arrest made in Sunday's fatal shooting at Colfax and Pearl in Denver...
still on for tonight? I have 3 tix
My son has Tetralogy of Fallot. What defect does your daughter have?
#Press materials complete for our Annual Awards on May 10. Hoping brings the fun too...#justsayin :)
On a positive note, at least #redsox fans didn't have to wait to see #nickswisher give up a home run in the 15th
sucked cause all time low didn't celebrate Easter with me.....
IM MOVING ON...NEVER MINE IN THE BEGINNING!!
21.38 THE GREATEST in the world. No doubt. King.
TRAFFIC: Crash - WB Beltline @ Park St
Do u know a Holocaust survivor who performed voluntary work in a ghetto? They have until Dec. 31 to apply for a 1-time payment of €2,000…
MEET ME AT THE CUT NOWW
Have a craving for a Kindle Fire? Stop by Booth 1017 and enter the raffle to win one!
#Mominees spot during ABC Red Carpet reminiscent of P&G Olympics ad. Sweet.
on my way
Finally watching girl with the dragon tattoo! The opening credits are weird...
Congrats to my Trojans for winning the MIC!
I'm having trouble adding items to the cart, can you help?
Why do the patriots need some many receivers Branch, Welker, Gonzalez, Ochocinco, and now Gaffney.
": #Knowledge vs #Wisdom: Knowledge is knowing a tomato is a fruit. Wisdom is not putting it in a fruit salad."
I'm supposed to be doing this online class. But of coarse, I can't concentrate!
Listening To Cold War Kids Motivated For New Beat Concepts.. Purely Imagination
Did you see any tarantulas? It's mating season! Oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that.
So some heartless bastard posted a picture on a like page on Facebook that had a seal about to be clubbed with a not funny pun on it....
Ah yes, the "69th of March"! Are you a NOID?
Listening to some of the Blues Ques I recently co-wrote and recorded for Film & TV placement. They really sound great - retro yet modern!
most probaly, he probaly just says that he likes girls, haha
same here, at least mine can only meow.
#nccetl admin looking for librarians that aren't complaining but want to help
And I died today.
turkey with provolone roasted pepper mixed greens and balsamic drizzle!
when are you up for that business meeting?
>statesman "a man versed in the principles AND ART of government (not politics) 1/2
Music Video Casting this Week Thursday Friday Sat.. email
Would love that! And hey, thanks for the +K on the Miami Dolphins; I'm still scheming about what to add to yours :-)
I agree and that's why I would have traded him! Its a honor to be a Laker. If guys don't get it get rid of them!
Am *very* interested. Thank you!
The most complicated thing in the universe is simplicity!
Its My Motherfuckin Birthday Its About That Time Im Happy As Hell
working on plan "b" now.
Great I hope you enjoyed it, I did! It's pretty cheap on Amazon about 11.99 or something!
Until what age is one considered a "young adult"? And what is the time frame bx "adult" and "middle age"?
Oh yeah. I'm opening for tomorrow night at The Comet. Wanna come?
Fantastic. "The people that make Detroit exciting aren't looking to be Brooklyn; they’re looking to revitalize the city they love."
I'm at Saltgrass and I'm watching the Bulls play on TV!!! :)
Your an ediot !
Thank you Shawn! With all the twitter love we better get to see you at one of the events!
that's me dooeee.
gingrich #dodge on "is it a free market"
Hit me again, Tubesock..
TAYLOR is Our Song omg, awesome trendiee! :)
When will this day ever end
I decided organize my day, i have to be more time with my self and my kids.
Wise words from "'Saying believable novel' is like a motel advertising 'clean rooms'. If you have to say it, it's a concern"
RAYS WIN! Rays fans RT!
Answer: !! or maybe #RescueMe ... haven't decided...
What it is bro??
thanks for your comments and I am glad U liked it!
Back home... Where I belong
Still got it. Amazing run after 4 days off
4. more. days. of. school.
Can someone explain the whole eating Chinese food on Christmas? Why dont we just eat Israeli food?
"For TV, Black is the new green," is a real headline from an article about AfAm tv shows.
Feeling incredibly insulted.
thanks i feel the love.
why do you detest Michael Owen so much?
I dreamt that I drank the world's largest margarita. this morning when I woke there was salt on the toilet rim..That's a super bowl.
Yes. This. “: boys with long eyelashes are so cute”
Me and my micro-penis were excited.
where is your pic?!
I don't hate it... I just want to go back!
Greg Popovich was born in East Chicago - what?
As few as 20 percent of email messages are opened by recipients. Over 95 percent of text messages are opened.
I don't think I have ever been stopped at a red light on colerain ave
56% of girls carry condoms....The other 44% carry a kid... Sorry I thought this was funny, not Hatin!
The ball is in your court
having a swinger party my house tonight *christina the cuban*
in GreenLake tonight to try the selection from #anacortesbrewery the brewers told me 2 try the cask #wabeer ^aef
thanks for the tip :o)
:/ I hear ya. I'm still on a happy high from last night. L0L! :)
has cat disloyalty turned you into Mama Amy Rose?
BluePrint Advanced Training kicks off this morning! Welcome #Franchisees and Friends!
I won't just defend pop punk. I'll build a fucking army for it.
When ur are not welcome some where u can feel it and when yuou do slowly move away & know it was not meant to be God has a place for u 2 be!
I'm half way thru We Need A Resolution and 4 Page Letter. I think I have an addiction. Trippin off Aaliyah. Ima need more acapellas soon. <3
How is everyone?what r u doing this weekend?
I really want this iPhone check deposit to work. I hate going to the bank.
It’s my business to do God’s Business, and it’s His Business to take care of my business.
omg you're so perfect.
Digital Diary: Rihanna and Beyonce Define the Social Web Spectrum
i think im prob a directionator too.....
what about Austin?!
No better burger and fries.
Do you feel comfortable talking to your family about cannabis?
Hot spicy falafel sandwich and a quick al fresco nap, smelling the sweetness of grass drying in the sun--perfect summer lunch break.
aw this how we acting lolol no love i see
please follow dr russeau amazing woman
I hate how people walk right in front of me and they see me walking. I'm about to start tripping people.
Hey, Famous ! Are you still galivanting?
Totally anticipating an awesome night tonight.. Green dress, red heels, red lips and my nubian swagg... Scandalous!!
thanks for the twitter follow!
I gained lets see 1 follower in the last 2days #winning ..
Finally my assignment is done! yay!
But whatever. Hey, Rihanna sure does like to post a lot of pics of herself smoking weed on IG huh?
Genuinely shocked to not see the Wizards on there.
Vote today to help Chase Community Giving and the Anti-Cruelty Society become one of the top charity in the nation!
is reviewing local, wholesale produce pricing, straight from the farm. And searching for a pair of overalls.
Did you get a chance to see Alvin Ailey's Rehearsal Director Matthew Rushing at Clark Atlanta University yesterday?
Thanks 2 , & the #SMCSac meeting last night I had a nightmare about the Facebook Police knocking on my door!
they make a batch of cocktails - like old fashions- throw them into an oak barrel & age for several wks. adds a flavor layer
Here at the Curbside Cookoff at RFK- lot 3. is ready for you! Try our Trucko de Mayo Jalapeño today.
One week.... One week is all I can spare to hype
That's cool. It's nice here too so maybe I can get outside again this weekend. Mom will be gardening. You be good! xoxoxo
yup! Just trying to follow more people following the band so thank you :-)
"what are the chances of a guy like you, and a girl like me"
lol,no I just put somethin new on there
Ok, Brad Calipari is quickly becoming my favorite person in the entire world.
Season finale of #Dexter. That last... scene? It had to happen eventually. I don't want to wait 'til next season!
Review: Kip Moore distinguishes himself with debut
Im good , Lol how bout U ?
"I want to win a gift card!"
umm woke up this morning thinking...#roomiedate needs to be in effect ASAP!!
when are you gonna be in boston ??? so that i can buy all your shit <3
You'll never catch me speeding in NC ever again smh
Thanks!! RT : Congrats to and !!! You did it! Feels like just yesterday you started grad school!
In other news, Prosumer is playing Bunker in Friday. Who's in?
Well, we have to pay the bills somehow. LOL I would have to go work fast food if I didn't write more than one a year.
Don't be sorry the season was great im proud we made it this far! you guys are great and we will be back next year, Go Broncos!
Also big thanks to the host of the #BFT the interns Keone, Jordan and Have a great weekend all!
We think its mostly his backing up to Carbonite and streaming high-def satellite radio nearly 24hrs/day
Said I'll always be your friend, took an oath I'ma stick it out till the end.
Ugh forget the nap bc now my parents need me to help.. Only when I'm busy or tired.. I swear.. >:(
Not exactly.
Thanks for the RT - much appreciated!
When will my reflection show Who I am inside?
Note…I'm not saying I _don't_ think teachers deserve more pay. Many live at poverty.
lol Chicago is awesome! !!!!!!
: Better watch out for a Santa in a Batman suit. Ralph knows he's coming to town!
hey me and really wanna see you before you leave.
Working on getting everything ready for the record next month!
hahah that's incredible!
Kev Smith's new book "Tough Shit" t'is not a tough read.
Awesome talk today on death penalty in U.S. by David Garland, at U of Minnesota's Sociology Research Institute.
Just got Id thefted
RIP ANDY WHITEFIELD for you are with GOD and will live on.
Thanks for an awesome twiiter day hope you have a blessed night and fantastic dreams i will tweet you tomorrow goodnight. dont forget to =D
If you could build your own roller coaster what would it be? Where would it be located at? -Brad
Thanks for the follow - interested in checking out a meeting?
Did you hear about the new restaurant on the moon? Great food but no atmosphere.
I love a month that begins on Sunday. Four weeks of pure visual order on my calendar.
Would you ever consider touring with the boys? 1D
"The man who wins may have been ‘counted out’ several times, but he didn’t hear the referee”- H.E. Jensen
"That is one hot wrap."
Being on your top 10 list feels so good! Thank you! 2 of my favorite ladies ever!
I always feel a little obscene when doing the hip adductor/abductor machines at the gym.
Would love to be kept in the loop! If i can help or jump in in any way, I would love to!
Thanks! And glad your premiums went down. Must be that top-rate First Focus wellness program.
My first single from "The White Room" is soon gonna be released! :) Im excited for you guys to hear it :)
I know. Man, I miss RichRod.
Is RIM getting its game back with BlackBerry 10? - CNET
5 hours? No way, if I get less then 6 or so a night my brain turns to lead. 7 hours+ works better.
"Truck crashes on NY highway, spills tons of yogurt" #yahoonews If it's Greek, ship it over there so they can pay their debt!
What up boiiii! Help me out with some fine lesbian followers!
Btw. That rejection was for the short story I scrambled to write in four days. But hey, even the bronchitis didn't stop me.
Looking for announcement of 2012 NATIONAL #Coty Winners from last night... Send out the press release..
I'm too lazy anyway
I agree.
too much #BieberFever with my girl! LOL
you're very welcome & thanks! :)
now following
RT : Happy Birthday to of ! // Cheers Chef!
Content worth monetizing? YouTube signed deal with Universal to introduce Vevo.
That thunder just rolled down my street. Very VERY scary.
Get down to the Q cafe right now! Killer show happening
Still think Fidel Castro is a better political baseball story. Cuomo isn't bad, though.
#NoOffenseBut you're going down today.
I imagine hell to be a place where all those Real Housewives who have tried to record albums sing 'Red Solo Cup' over & over & over.
Getting ready to head to "Disney World" to fix my vision #don'thate <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
im bout to play marvel vs capcom 2
Where does a woodsman keep his pigs?In his hog cabin!
Sophia attacked me and Casey, Casey walked around with "I love sexy mamas" hahaha
Despicable Me
#doubleBoo for the #duh. How? I guess that's perrrty cool though... but you still suck
Spent all morning fixing system errors on a fucking brand new laptop that I began setting up yesterday. I think I'm just going to go 2 lunch
Thanks for the heads up! Love it.
Will Stephen Jackson still be a Buck after the TDL?
Taking a break from recording and all this stress to go to Knotts Scary Farm tonight with my friends :D
thank ya very much! :)
Khalil knows what's up
why are you still using pictures of Travan from 3-5 years ago?
U think I ain't gone RIdE
hahaha they call my mom coz I exhaust of a class hahaha it was gym lol
its so sad ! lifetime be havin some crazy movies
The simple believes every word, But the prudent considers well his steps. Proverbs 14:15
It's #WinItWednesday...to enter to win a free tee, tweet us something #fancy! Contest ends TODAY! So What are you waiting for? Tweet us!
I personally don't think that Tom Cruise is a good actor.
Great! Thank you!
EWWW get him out of my face
Dear followers and friends - my hotmail account has been compromised and is now a Phishing source - ignore links from me - I am fixing
ok no problem
why you gotta say that on twitter! Maybe it's just you Peter that I dislike
wishes he could brush his teeth with beef jerky every night
I'm swearing if I go there now, I can change her mind turn it all around, & I know that I'm drunk but ill say the words.
or you could just make my day worse <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
A student that was in my instruction class actually came to the ref desk while I was there to ask for help. Sweet!
the music industry isn't an industry. industry implies that there's some cohesive organization to it all. it's a free-for-all
Oh what a gorgeousity day here in Nashville it's like a kitten jumped through a rainbow and landed on a heart. <3
So I do whatever any sensible woman would do... I go by the biggest bottle of wine I can find.
celebratin' the day...planting trees and shit you know
RT That "Nobody knows our business" type of relationship >
good morning friends hope every one starts off their day in a good mood on this beautiful day :)
school is the least of my worries right now.
Peyton Manning was a good qb, it'll be interesting to see what happens to him
Happy Birthday !!
Indonesia Lawyer club is so POINTLESS
The voices in my head may not be real, but they have some good ideas!
I guess they didn't have an app for that?
FUCK.SEX.OHMYGOD. WARPED TOUR IN SEATTLE JUST GOT 446443169763231 TIMES BETTER. WANNA KNOW WHY?! IS GOING.
Heading to at to meet We are hosting author Karen Armstrong & Tori Murden McClure
Omgeee my friend hacked my twitter and beiberfied it lol
Started a raucous at the wedding table today when I said there's nothing wrong with a man hyphenating his name with his wife's if..
Wonder what is doing in Wisconsin???
Walking around walmart, I notice smoking a cigarette while eating mcdonalds
- So, got shut-out by Suppan? Really?
Might ask my cousin for sum drugs.He sells many.And i need more soon
ty so much Kim! im am so proud to have met you & i know all 3 of the boys have 2.never met such caring people as on twitter ty
ouch ! Now that's just mean !! lol
Thanks for the
RT : ": Any spoilers for tonight's RAW?:)" People will complain about it. Then continue to watch next week.
Ommggg #BOYFRIEND SOUNDS HOT B-) I cantt waiittt !!!!!! And are you gonna rap in the song??? :-D
The purpose of business is to create and keep a customer. Theodore Leavitt
Nice customer service, but waited 3 hours then sent plumber home after paying $49 after choking on bid.
s/o to all the peeps whoa int got shit else to do on mon but do s/o lol. hello all have a great monday letsgo get it!!
It's been such a long time since I've seen those gorgeous breasts of yours Suzy I'd forgotten just how sexy they really are! :)
enchanted by taylor swift>>>
Lmfaoo that's how he eat the booty.
Roger Sterling is a "G"
NOTHING IS IMPOSSIBLE TO A WILLING HEART!
So excited joined the twittersphere. Witty, slightly-snarky and always girly tweets abound!
Hello friends and fans. Remember we are open til 11pm on Fridays and Saturdays. Lets all have a wonderful weekend.
“We are in the breakdown phase of nuclear power in this country.”
You can not compliment Nikki she's to full of it.
I'm glad a local couple won the Mega Millions and not just someone passing through Red Bud.
Where I live you get to see American immigrants do their 4th of July thing
trust me, just as labor intensive is that you'll be after them to get up...
Spurs.. 13 players with 5+ points. That is teamwork.
Thank you so much for the darling postcard. Your trip sounds unreal. Keep living it up!
Ganglians were god! is currently melting faces. Up next is If you're not here...why?!?
gently to your maidservant—though I am not so much as one of your maidservants.” 14At mealtime, Boaz said to her, “Come over #Torah 4
or take Weedon to push Joe lol
Oh...the libraries should be getting some new stuff today! First come first serve :)
So much B.O. on the campus shuttle. Wash yo bodies, undergrads!
about to go jogging .
oh ... you brighten my nights.
love your blog and your #SM work. I'd love to connect with you! let's network!
I'm telling you, i got you. just tell me the bow-tie and i'll find it~ that's what poor asian friends are for! haha
grassos on transit by depew high school
No. I did not bite it.
“Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness.” - James Thurber
It's hot AF
Hello back at you! I'm a dork on twitter but you can FB me, too. Love the Lidia Yuknavitch. She's my aqua-superheroine self.
Can mobile interpretation also be social?
Ride wit more sometimes #Followers... IM FREAKIN AWESOME!!! Lol!!
I forget lol, google it maybe? Haha yeah I always like choke trying to do the saltine challenge!
What did you grill up?
trying to, lady? Gotta keep the lights on. Lol
#GrandpaFred By the way Zak, from this house to this it's only about 4 inches. Just somebody got to be there.
RT : Lking for students to talk about new #Mifflin rules for an article. Tweet back or email:
u never tweet me ne more :'( ise saddened by this twist of events :'(
was fighting tears n rehearsal, emotions 2 high; that's why Chaka said no; no time 2 prepare deserving tribute
Thank you for the follow. Tolls directly affect your business. What's you feeling on them? Are they worth it?
Glad to see you on Twitter, big guy! It's 2011. Also known as the year of The Matus! :-)
Don't u hate it when someone follows you on Twitter and u follow them back, and as soon as u do they hit u wit that pre-typed spam msg shit?
I may be quiet around you, but you should see me with my friends.
Another lightning storm threatens. Sturm und drang with no let-up. I hope it at least rains, and waters the garden.
80's explosion here in the office-we have glam rock, rocker groupie, punk, MJ, Madonna. . there is a whole lot of bad hair going on up in
I'm gonna put a small flat screen right behind my toilet, so when I'm dropping reverse stink pickles I can tune in! Thanks
Lord guide my steps today!
Hit your girl in my whip now her pussy got that new car smell lmaoo
le ta se sin e.
I can already tell my #kindlefire is going to be addicting!
back on the rock, back on my island! oh ny how i love the.
nah, if you like your view better from there who cares? Enjoy it however you like
A chef inspired the idea. Pushed Farro as GF to her GF guests. Alarming!
just rocked Jay leno
Do I know the muffin man? That depends...are you a cop?
And what exactly do you mean by "fish tank"? RT : Fish tank is clean, would be proud of me.
PAUL OAKENFOLD "We are Planet Perfecto Tour" at FLUXXSD EDM Tonight! Message me for bottle service and a very limited guest list before 6pm
absolutely! Not this year lebron!
I like your idea -
good meeting you tonight man. can't wait to figure something out and go to work
I had a dentist appointment today no caveties yet. ~Ashley
RANGERS WIN!!!! Hank was awesome in net as usual and Kreider had his best game with a goal and assist!! Richie with the game winner!
I'm doing pretty good, how bout you?
Wow, thanks for all the new Likes! Feelin' the love today!
live Tweeting golf every weekend is the most interesting about golf. EVER.
I don't "favorite" tweets often...but well played.
My iPhone wasn't letting me take pictures cuz i had over 5,000 photos on there. I just deleted a bunch & am down to 3600. It's a start...
Bout to take a quick nap
Are you back in the H maam?
oh and the new song is dope! Just saying
When you're out with your family and see FIONE ass dudes <<<<
Are you willing to give up what you love for who you love
thanks for the follow i look forward to your tweets
enjoying a relaxing afternoon after an amazing 3 days of #loex2012 with
Fun meeting with today in Chicago.
Tried three new things today...happy hour at Joe's Garage, Jets Pizza, and homemade Moscow Mules. All excellent!
Holy shit. It just hit me how much i love one direction.
How can we build a better DC? If we could name five things that would make a difference tomorrow...
Thanks for the RT! Keep tweeting for justice and love! <3
Sorry for the mixed signal universe, let me clarify.... LIVE LEAD 5 6. #IwillNeedSleep z
Some days it appears my guardian angel is working overtime! #blessed Hope you all know you are blessed too
guess what follow me cunt
I didnt go to be amazing. 21 Jump street will followback I am clarkin so many flags in 2 touchdowns for!
TOM HORNER, FORMER INDEPENDENCE PARTY GUBERNATORIAL CANDIDATE, SHARE'S HIS POLITICAL PERSPECTIVE ON HERMAN CAIN TONIGHT ON FOX 9 @ 9PM.
Fatso's now offers a wide selection of flavored vodkas - come try one...or two...or three...
mm u
Hate when stupid bitches try to act all innocent ... You know you did it just man up
Bro, we're not going to agree on many, if any, things regarding the Lakers.
Fisher Talent Management. LLC UK single to be released in UK January 2012
I don't think you guys cover the RED SOX(!!!) enough. “ Coming up...RED SOX GM.we'll ask him about everything Red Sox XM 89”
Dj Jazzy Jeff killed it at Moon on top of the Palms Tuesday!! SMASH TOMORROW @ beauty bar!! dubstep crew!!
Watching #Legion :3
Can I not have a god damn headache right now
Good morning Albuquerque!
I just heard that a Shaquille O'Neal is retarded and he thinks he's a leprechaun
Nick Borg totally just danced to "Call Me Maybe" in a very suggestive way. Wish I could've taped that lolololol
I spent the day alone. It was peaceful and healing. Everybody needs a little "me" time
Headshot Tip: It's great to get creative, but follow the guidelines that will keep them effective for online casting submissions!
OMG U N AUSTIN AREN'T FRIENDS ANYMORE
Thanks for the MobiDeals love! :) RT Rocks!!
a real treat. great to see u too.
Really enjoyed a Dark 'n Stormy (Bermuda rum & ginger beer). I think we have a new hurricane tradition.
Thank you :D
Happy Chinese New Year!!!!!
Hey!! Guess who left 's phone logged into her Twitter! This gal!! ;)
Tonight will talk about Your Digital Afterlife 7:30 PM.
I am pissed off cant find these damb #AARMS!!!!!!!!!
Bored out my flocking mind
what's this Tokyo crap?
This movie is.... Uhmmm.. Odd
Here I Am To Worship Here I Am To Bow Down Here I Am To Say That You're My God. You're All Together Lovely All Together Worthy & Wonderful!
netflix is my best friend
I dont want to mention him but --> BaileyyAnderson <-- Is his username and he is a fake .. On twitter..
Well that just hit me like a ton of bricks...
its Aj. I never moaned n shit loll. I legit came twice in the 2 years that I had sex with her Lmao. Why moan? lol.
RT : -----------»» RT : The Miami Heat is the most hated team in sports history. Is there any debate?
SEASON TWO IS LIKE SEASON OF THE FEELS
Hey Mike! Very much enjoy your blog! Thanks for the follow~
And yes, absolutely. Brilliant casting, this.
Thanks! And yep, you got it :)
Check out CEO & on for fest Next Sat 4/28 am at 8:40 am #ATXGoodFood!
i always am :)
Dresden Files? Terry Pratchett's Small gods?
lucky for you there's only 17 more days! Haha
We pulled right into a spot. I didn't notice if the rest of them were full.
Does anyone know if there will be any parties at #SXSW this year?
Go to sleep.
Every public appearance by Jennifer Hudson is a subliminal plug for
haha you're not lying, he's been awesome this year so far. just needs to avoid that annual injury and he should stay hot.
This is about to go off.
I'm sure you're being a wonderful patient and suffering in silence. ?
I love the new fanfic! It's amazing
haha I'm sorry!
so many varieties of apple at the store right now, you gotta get down here.
Hey Raph...that Osso Bucco sounds awesome! Ill be in soon.
TONIGHT!! Lois Lowry will be here! With bells on! Swing by at 6:30pm!
Its the lollapalooza one right? If not then link me to it pl0x.
It is Sunday, the concessioners are at church, I hope
Yeah, I think you would be better off with something like Yoga,
AllBalboa.com is awesome! Buffalo's representing: 7 dancers are here. Having a terrific time! Can't wait to teach the moves we've learned.
BRB FREAKING OUT. :D :D :D
Trill recognize trill and I don't know your kind!!!
the line up is divided into two groups. Some cities get one group & some both...
When your'e writing, how aware are you of what everyone else is doing in your genre?
Day two #3D scanning at Monticello. Wow it is hot here, switched to night scanning.
soak up some for me!
Salsa anyone? India swings to the Latino beat
On a mission to finish some work tonight. Could be a late one.
Damn, Justin, handcrafted by the angels or..?
RT We're now just 24 days before the start of the World Series of Poker. Bracelets are being polished as we speak!
You can fall seven times,just stand up eight.
I'm glad you're keeping up with everything #crew96 related!
There is someone I missed so much, that's.... My girl
It is embarrassing to ask for free admission to a nightclub or social. Even more, if you are a pro performer or instructor. Cheapskate.
": #AAAEPHX folk/airport folk in general: did you know streams all AAAE job board jobs?"
she seriously should have just sat down and watched to be perfectly honest. poor kenya. she tried.
Looking for robotics experts interested in skyping with a class of physics students, april 23rd.
if your not going to follow mii then i will just have to see you in person...................... at the #1 girl tour *MAUH*
your boy Howard just came up HUGE!
u having a good day??
Ha! They probably just want me to shut up about my dreams of owning a
text me ill give you the details
that's dope June right the tour hits #NYC. Wish u were hear bro
one more week to go!
Happy Friday from a Wisconsinite that wishes he was in #SanDiego to watch the #Fox5 morning show today!
haha, yup and patric and sean probably =)
I feel like im gettin sick.
"You can learn more from an honest, hard-earned failure than an easy success." Great quote by
Finishing up TBLMS with Brief Awakening then onto Spo Says
you are always welcome my love! i wish i could have been there to hand deliver them to you..but as long as you got them! =)
RT #Leo's live for love and appreciation.
Managers rely on manuals - LEADERS rely on instinct. www.VelocitySolutionsLLC.com
Welcome to all the new Zipsters that signed up today! Have fun at & do a little snow tubing for us while you’re there!
When College Softball is on ESPN >>>>>
HORRIBLE SERVICE! My husband ordered flowers for his mother on Mother's Day&they were never delivered.
Tip of the Day: Toothpaste that contains pyrophosphate adheres to the tooth surface and inhibits the growth of tartar.
Hahaha, ok, let's go with that then :)
is my new hero!
#20thingsaboutme I have a twin . (:
A next friend means they are representing someone under age, see in chancery and court type records.
Can't even go out to eat dinner <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>woww.
it's not my fault... the stache has control of the hands... the hands occupy the phone... luckily the brain deletes half the photos.
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. -Confucius
After 2 years going now u wanna realize you've got testicals! All that Dick and no balls makeS that man a BITCH!
The 3 D's to succeed...Dedication, Desire, and Discipline.!
I feel everyone should know: I'm on my #DonDraper swag this morning. Knock first. Greatness at work. lol
Me too, but I can't figure out which one.
you must have a postal worker in your 'hood who is just as into photography. ;)
YOU STILL HAVN'T GOTTEN IT YET!.... Damn you really are lazy.
got it hun!!
children these days...I guess discipline is not the same as it used to be when I was growing up
Time to wake up and see what the day holds
I suck at bingo.
Does anybody want to stop by the Marquette Radio studio tomorrow morning for ' birthday? You're all welcome to.
I'm seriously swooning over here. The future is neat-o!
Kenny Ozzfest 4 will now be held at Mayday Northside Dec. 3. We'll be there, so should you!
working on image selection for the future fb page for the Friendship Nine. Lot of classic pictures to choose from
Lying on the couch reading a book and waiting for a call.
Did that grl want toplay in the game. out the door she goes.
WTF <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>RT In a single year, 30% or 1.7 trillion cigarettes are consumed by Chinese smokers alone.
I wish I knew who unfollows me so I can return the favor. Hate losing people. :-(
Hey cherry
I love my #Celtics, but Sweet Basketball Jeebus, they're about to give me a heart attack here at the end of Game 3!
We must try to keep our values in proper order.
So the gas line broke at the main intersection near my work, I'm pretty much trapped here until they're done
how are you enjoying it?
Making crab stuffed Dover sole. Hit me up if you want to know how to.
A teach-in would remind the media what we're fighting for-- education that awakenings young minds.
hehe howdy partner ;)
Happy Monday! Who's planning on coming by this week??
RT Wood couldn't justify the hours it took to prepare for throwing a few pitches that night, felt like he was handcuffing team.
Hmm let's see how this torrent stuff works
always loved those Elvis Costello album covers. Great to see your other work too.
Woke up and had to kill not 1 but 2!!!! Bugs this morning. Not a great start and Spidey did not help.
another nation wide window cleaning company. They are well known lowballers.
Twitter friends and #droid #gummy lovers please nag me for backgrounds so doesn't shoot me. #realwork sucks #backgrounds coming!
I'm interested to see who will still be here or be here at all at the end of this year
If man will not work, he shall not eat. <U+50CD><U+304B><U+3056><U+308B><U+3082><U+306E><U+98DF><U+3046><U+3079><U+304B><U+3089><U+305A><U+3002>
Shaq just not as funny as Charles. Charles is naturally a dumb ass.
I would love to go to Europe to start.
I had hoped to aim some spirited gibes at the University of Missouri, but I was overcome by lethargy as I thought of the school.
haha. Thats actually really funny. u r JUST like jenna in so many ways lol
what a game Ravens pulled it out with 8 seconds on the clock
Guess whos BACK?!
The most potent muse of all is our own inner child. --Stephen Nachmanovitch
My heart overflows with Love
Love You Keeley! :)
I'm no guru, but if you #LOVE somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don’t, they never were.
Watching rocky horror picture show. :)
How did you like my show?
MY LIFE IS YOU!
Waking up at 7am to Loud noise and it not ending. Ever. Has got to end. I've got to get out of here.
“: My work computer takes years to do anything <U+E40E><U+E113>” hopefully you're getting paid by the hour not the number of jobs done <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Slammed my pinky finger in my car door and broke my nail. Worst pain ever!! What a way to start the day! &$*#%^!$@!#*
Best wishes to your emerging playwrights! It's a beautiful process.
Big things coming this year ~ HUGE!!
I love pickles #snooki #tasty as fuck
PHeW!! Made it! Thanks for being my 667!
One of these days, I'll get it right.
Friday's show with will re-air tomorrow at 9AM CST on
I don't do any vulgar movements. - Elvis Presley
Download it whenever you need a pickup :-)
Today's tip: Seal heating & cooling ducts. Ducts that move air to & from a furnace, central AC or heat pump are often big energy wasters.
I once fell asleep chewing gum...woke up choking on it....
“: What's going on tonight?” #LakeShow! Lol!
Coming down in sheets on 125th & Greenfield.
Decided we'd start back up the right way. We go into the studio Monday to record our new single. Grab it at the big show TBA. -dg
So used car salesman agrees to arrange killing of Saudi Ambassador to US. Just shows what those guys will do to make a sale!
Infinitely Virtual Announces VMWare vCloud Director Capability, Giving IT Pros Greater Control and Flexibility in ...
Which HubSpotter's costume was your favorite?
keep it up! it's hard to get it right imo, but once you do…look out! you won't be able to stop!
Great Swamp Conservancy to host 11th annual festival - Utica Observer Dispatch
Peace loving is not enough. Peace makers are needed.
This lame tho
Yeah last nights #basketballwives was a real low for TV. That show needs to go, as well as Bad Girls club.....
sounds good. Thanks
Man I tear up at the most random parts of this movie
And how did I go this long thinking I was following and I was not?!
Come check out surrendervegas this weekend only
Archeology in Kuwait + re-thinking the origin of human development and cities
RT : lol.... awww poor #Fakers. getting run over like as
ikr that would be nice and Harrys.
RT - Lloyd is the Cleveland Indians mascot.
I may be interested as time permits. We could grab coffee?
about to watch stick it!
(Via ) ...Damn editorial mandates. -Just tie your jeans around your neck. Form a "trouser-cape" & call yourself THE DUNGA-REAPER
"faith is awakened by the message, and the message that awakens it comes through the word of Christ" Rom 10:17
pick me! I have Angel fans coming in from OC and I want them to see the #Padres beat those #Angels!
That'd be tight. RT Sometimes I wanna make and airplane with 5 cats ... and fly out to saturn and write music on a ring.
Tonight is the last night to enjoy our venue. We will be closed till Aug.
A married couple who filed jointly and collectively made $18,500 and took no deductions would pay more in taxes than Mitt Romney.
thanks for the mention. Looking forward to your tweets.
Look up Wizard People, Dear Reader on youtube, watch and laugh
im 21 now nigga, shotgun a four loko or ill
I think I have! Thank you for the recommendation!
Is there any research out there re: efficacy of Cycles vs. other approaches?
Having the best year I have ever had in my life! Awesome!
So followed quite a few monsters yesterday, wish he followed me =)
why t/f is she talkin like that in this movie on #BET lol
Umm u didn't know that's king dig a ling rt": I just followed Instagram and umm yea he's nasty smh"
Planning class on religion and TV: True Blood or Friday Night Lights? BSG or Drop Dead Diva? Suggestions for shows , episodes and articles?
You CAN NOT run into anything with a "mart" on the end before Valentine's day and this cashier is slow as HELL!!! I just needed shampoo!
the sad thing it all came from him. What did you get? :)
TrainingTube is a great video offering
#ILikeObamaCare so much I'm willing to argue with ignorant teabaggers on twitter until my phone dies.
How the hell am I supposed to concentrate with the largest hippie drum circle ever assembled pounding away for hours outside?
no! :( you can't talk about that yet
I think I'm in love...lol
Thanks! We appreciate it!
No argument here! RT : I feel like communication is the only way to make anything work!
I have so much to be thankful for... never a reason to stress the small shit. blessed in more ways than I can imagine.
The first person to message me on twitter lol :-P:-P
Thanks for the post and mention!
#inmiddleschool i got accused of beating up a handicap
Zumba kicked my butt and I'm lovin it!!!
Mourdock said that "Indiana will not stand" for France electing it's own president...yeah...he's a fucking nutjob
It's better to have loved and lost than to spend the rest of your life living with a psycho.
Not saying that he'll put up with it... But he will fight thru it. I def appreciate that.
It's March! How fast time flies...
LOL FUCK THEM. I WAS FLIPPING OUT.
Do you know which bank has a program that actually pays sellers to short sale their homes? Find out by calling 702-245-7227
Okay, just got back from my cruise. Went on the Norwegian Sky...didn't care for it too much.
My dog is pregnant
We love you! RT : whoa thanks for the #FF! Love that place!
He's not your prince charming if he doesn't make sure you know that your his princess <3
#RETWEET If You Want 50+ Followers! - (Must Be Following Me) - <U+2665> #TeamFollowBack <U+2661>
Y me estoy volviendo a viciar con Cough Syrup
Technically she changed her status to "homeschool" but I see no evidence of studying and she seemed vague about how she was learning.
So if you do all of your manufacturing up in NJ, how does your material arrive? Do you use Bulk or Packaged delivery?
I wish I knew
#ACMs - That's unusual - Steve Martin playing Banjo with Rascal Flatts!
Omg.. a gay on my friend list..
please follow me<U+2665> I love you so much! 10
One given, the logic of accumulation :: some generous definition of graceful unzippering, the body as public invention.
oh thanks x
Please follow me , if i follow you back :) xx.
I ask you: how many cups of bad coffee can I consume in 1 workday? Current count: 4, across 2 offices in 2 boroughs.
How about you just shut the fuck up!
Luther Vandross is just so amazing #NP "A House Is Not A Home"
G.M.N.I.: Long night ahead. No rest for the wicked es lo que dicen. Ya sabes.
ADELE'S DONUT BRINGS ALL THE LOGANS TO THE YARD
o-0 I'm kinda lost with this?!, I dnt know wats the hype abt twitter?! owell
I mean, like, wow.
": Ninety-nine percent of pumpkins sold in the United States are for the sole purpose of decoration." What a waste.
hypocrisy in its finest form, well played
nah b4 too long we will b out havin manis n pedis
Google Analytics Has Over 10 Million Users | Technology News
Spent the morning covering the race for the cure. Also spent the morning fighting back tears and being inspired
I keep hearing so much about Shades of Grey and all I can think of is "wow people really liked that episode!"
Missin the rise against concert sadly. ):
Glad to see all your participants tonight. Have a great chat everyone!
Well I reside solidly in the non-FBer camp. I think it has its merits if you're selling a service or a product, and yes, it can be..
It was so great seeing you!! love LOVE the blog post :) xoxo
Ooohhh yes! I swear on the FSM that I can be there!
oh please find a way to squeeze me into that crammed schedule of yours
Move here if you feel like youre at home ;D
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
that sounds dirty
Lmfaooo so I'm very dramatic lol buut o well. When I'm done I'm done
Im so jelly of people who live in Miami they get to meet </3
"you are one lucky bastard" needs to be someone's catchphrase. maybe a character on Downton Abbey?
#ABQ ranks 9th of 43 U.S. metro areas in "#Green Cities Index"! Save green with with #Pella #Windows and #Doors!
Duke lost? Awww who did they lose to? Oh yea a 15 seed =]
Where can I get some of those #ticketoak acorns?
Knowing Tony, I think this is just a complaint about general perceptions of humanities. Not about DH.
Thanks for the follow - Happy Valentines day!
As per Dr. Oz: 7-Keto DHEA. Boosts Metabolism!
RT : The LORD is gracious and merciful, slow to anger and abounding in steadfast #LOVE. Ps 145:8
More names of early Victor phonograph models: Radiolette, Magic Brain, Superette, Pick-me-Up, Nursery, Bi-Acoustic, Modern Blonde, Super-Six
Congratulations to you both. The bicycling community celebrates it's newest member.
Classic! Totally adding that 2 a few playlists RT : I'm listening to Dirt Off Your Shoulder by Jay-Z
guitar is better and cheaper. I know some people.
How dare he? Doesn't he know is a VIP?
OF COURSE! :D i'm so excited to meet you!
That's terrible.. You guys making fun of that poor girl!
he needs proactive in his life...
do you think #TREND in home products are to add bold, cheerful pattern and color to home goods? People ready for a lift?
Yo Chief! when the USSR sold Mig jets, a personal delivery platform for #Billionaires was conceived but we were #boozin etc
Stop it, when were you sane?
Not even gonna lie right now I'm annoyed as shit, really dont wAnt to do anything tomorrow and I really just want to be in Michigan
my apt my apt my apt!!:)
this morning's email: a fresh series of bomb threats on dorms overnight, and a corresponding slew of "I'm going home" emails from students.
Eddie Trunks the best in the biz!
Ankiel walks up to Brain Stew by Green Day
Heading to SF in March.
Has anyone ever seen an interview conducted via two people on twitter?
if you have a problem with me, please write it nicely on a piece of paper, put it in an envelope, fold it up and shove it up your ass.
I miss you!
Valiant effort by the Timbers to keep playoff shot alive. Didn't get a win, but refused to lose. Highlights coming up
With , Mom, Dad, Grandma, Grandpa, , and
Wat about U?
Taking deep breaths, trying to stay in the moment & trust myself. After doing & teaching #yoga for almost a decade it should be simple.
I want to draft Kalil's mom at #3 forget him.
Big cheers to on completing dissertation. Good lord, that's a major piece of work!! Well done.
how come you never said hi? Are you a senior too?
: whenever I get money Im gonna cop your book it seems like there is a lot Im missing out
They need to stop with the music so i can hear 's sexy voice!!! :/
Nice but, Be careful ... Some Fans can be FANATICS!!!
Sections 3.6-3.9 are pretty important, though XMPP people would consider them fairly obvious.
Doing all we can right now. With no primary, it's all about fundraising. Hope you and Mo are doing well with the kids!!
ALL OF THE RUNNING BACKS RT : Patriots make it official, announcing Joseph Addai deal
law never ends!
I wanted a crunch wrap supreme, settling for double cheeseburger
Why is the sky not happy on clear days?It has the blues
Atleast I still get a bagel cove bagel
I was very excited there for a second because I thought I had found one part of my body that wasn't sore. I was wrong.
#indesignhelp my tables keep splitting across pages when I print! HELP!
I'm thinking I should eat before going to the grocery store. I'm still trying to get rid of all those white castle burgers in my freezer.
Joey Buona's, Louise's and China Gourmet deliver.
ok. You are special enough that I may just clean out my car ;0)
Yeah show this super moon whats up RT : I think you should moon some people tonight.
Bout to knock this communication and psychology exam out. What up Hodges?
Happiness is an inside job. I don't need to "book a job" to be happy. I choose to be happy right now.
your cable back up yet?
awesome news all around! Glad u got into and liked boardwalk too. You should check out game of thrones if you like fantasy stuff
watching Hunger Hits Home
All boys need to go to for girl advice because he is good with the ladies!;)
It must always relate directly to how life is better for everyone
The stache saves game ! RT : saves the day again!!
Me to RT : 10 am and all I want to do is dance....going to be a long day.
Happy Wednesday!
RT : #WaysToImpressMe: Be ambitious, intelligent, hilarious, respectful, sincere & chivalrous.
thx. I emailed Pat directly; I'll let you know if anything comes of it.
Chicago is my motto bitch! Quote it.
Not to crazy. Give me a call.
go ahead and do what?
Hopefully they had the Krispy Kreme icing too. RT : Had 3 consecutive dreams about jelly donuts.
Like, I have a problem.
so did I! Lol Thank you so much for everything tonight :) love youu xo
what did you think?
who are ya?
please please follow me! i love you so so so much!:D<U+2665> i suscribed EVERY SINGLE ONE OF YOUR VIDEOS on YouTube plz follow me 78
yeah, I didn't want to look.
Ruby doesnt even use her twitter l0l :(
Does this count? We ordered a Passat TDI in '11 but we have to wait til March '12 to get it! RT RT if you plan to buy a VW in 2012.
Glad to be at #ASLRRA2012 with (That's Norfolk Southern, by another name.)
": Fuck you UEFA & FIFA for never giving Henry Ballon d'or or World player of the year" Make that a double Fuck you! Hear Hear
Does anyone on #Bachelorette realize Emily's Ricky was Ricky Hendricks of Hendricks motorsports? Umm she's loaded & doesn't care about $$
if I could RT 100 times I so would...
Switched to iPhone, no more bbm.
oh haha that's a good idea :D
Has anything occurred since Dec. 1, '11 in Honduras to preclude travel of U.S. Citizens beyond pre-existing concerns?
Just had awesome film audition with Randi Hiller Casting for their new James Gandolfini flick! They are all so nice there too!
I still am cool )):
Well, it's Thursday. Better wear a fedora.
we care too much about how others see us, and not enough about how we see ourselves.
LOL! love me some chris colfer but his voice sounded hideous on Big Girls Don't Cry
It's been quiet over here, but I'll have a post up tomorrow morning and a few exciting updates for tomorrow :) Stay tuned!
Must be getting early. Clocks are running late.
Thanks for the follow. I would like to put our technology in ur bar for free.
Not "new" really, just additional. So many dif beliefs within labor. Politics do or don't matter. Dif levels of activism etc
Great riding weather in New York, now that it has cooled off. Just need a bit longer warm up.
Wave of change lol yep that is some change you got there
THIS. RT “: Retweeeet. “: Basketball is the worst sport ever !!””
2* Over Kentucky dave
I agree they should be punished, and punished severely. My job is to make sure it's the right person and mitigate the
": Got my Avengers tickets. I'm all nerded up, bro" YEAH! I'm on my way to see it too!
It's nice to meet you! I'm going to be a librarian next year - I hope! :)
So sad to see Hollie go...should have been Phillip...
WTF a Tech for that
Just remove the Oxford comma MT stinky, sweaty, intimidating money
Internal Grilling Temperature Quick Guide, BBQ your chicken to an internal temp. of 165 degrees F
Yeah baby pat urself on the back for some sweet counter surveillance & proceed directly to installing back ups to the wrong partition...Doh!
never ages! Awesome Performance!
<U+2318>-F... RT : Seriously what did people do before Ctrl+F
#STREETFIXRHODEISLAND #STREETFIXRI stay tuned in to the #THENEWWAVE the hottest dj's on the phone or net.
Thanks for having me on to talk some and some #CollegeLax -- for a jersey kid, you're not that bad
easy.....hes sorry!
RT : Pshh..I'm sure all the boys think my farmer's tan is sexy
awe okay:( nite!
We can't wait to hear more about this trip!!!
Difficulty and jargon? How can conscious difficulty become a useful tool for generating self-awareness about reading?
Can't trust these men ha
"Twitter will always be a wire service of sorts" -- at #OPrint panel.
Tues night (Jan.11) at 8, 9, and 10pm on PBS, check out 3 specials on #Haiti: Deadliest Earthquakes, Battle for Haiti, Children of Haiti.
Life is to be fortified by many friendships. To love and to be loved is the greatest happiness of existence. Sydney Smith
thx for the shout out!
What I've learned from online dating: Every guy on earth is "prepared for the zombie apocalypse". lol Seriously? Jesus...
Iranian film "A Separation" & #GoldenGolbes winner is now nominated for #Oscars by
Really enjoying this lobbying and interest groups class.
How many pens are you wanting to house?
LinkedIn Business profile page created! Search for "Virtual Persuasion". Thank you to all of our followers!
The greatest feeling in the world is to love and be loved back.
We will be there via Houstons What a perfect day, its finally here.
“:Chris Manning 2014 6'6 SF Randallstown(Team Sizzle)Long body who can really run.Compliment any team”
It's just so great. The colors. Everything is magical.
Omg I was just at school and my mom almost ran into mrs.N ..... thankk god she didn't. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
EXCITED FOR #SandersSunday !:D
I found Kauai more relaxing and easier to get around. Maui has a more rugged terrain with Haleakala and the road to Hana.
Mexican jockey aboard Kentucky Derby winner
I'm going to miss mine too when it dies.. It's a '99 with 140,000 miles on it.
First 3 AM SalonEquip followers to request, will gt courtesy ticket to Salon Voices’
If my power goes off one more time, I will scream.
Jealous! I would do what you do for free! Any openings in that pay bracket? ;-)
I just shit myself wow that girls jacket on the right so beautiful
Benilde just scores... 1-0 over Hill Murray. #Jabby is cheering from the stands.
Last night in 311! Lots of good memories :)
Our mission is to address the growing inequality and poverty in #LongBeach by promoting
hey how come u didnt upload ur cooldowncollab video today?
'It's a transformative experience to simply pause instead of immediately filling up the space.' -Pema Chodron
National Best Friend day(: #loveyougirl !
what are you talking about? I'm all over it?
Do some people really not have anything better to do than walk around the mall?
listening to your songs on replay<U+2665>
Where were you on 9/11/2001? How as the day impacted your life 10 years later?
Hey fuckers in Congress:
Board of Visitors what what
i think ur da onli celebrety not stuck up to reply to he's fans and to me dat says a lot keep it real bruh
Big booty bitch is bomb as fuck! Baby make that ass clap <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Thinking about plans for the day
TY for the RT : #FOLLOW~~> Champion of social media and Witty Entrepreneur!
you know what sucks..... when you expect alot of followers on your first day on twitter!!!! but you end up only having 2!!!
We hope you can join us for the #ReadEveryDay #FamEvent in May!
Who wants my number? ;D
#ff Our weekend crew! #patCAST Live Show Tomorrow Night! www.Pat-Cast.com
Austin is my inspiration. Those 4 words are so true. He is and he will always be. Nobody or nothing will ever change that. I promise<3
Especially after 5pm on Fridays. :D
No one even knows both sides of the story and yet they still keep judging....
Sometimes I love that my Boss is an 80's baby- He made us play 'Angry Birds' for the first 15 minutes of our Manager's Meeting today!
It would do a world a HUGE favor if you just..... you know... LEFT... THIS WORLD.... FOREVER!
thanks for following!
but of course.
Jon Koncak and Jeryl Sasser. Welcome to the rich tradition that is SMU there Larry Brown. Far cry from your other CBB jobs (UCLA & Kansas)
ya we can figure out a time later just text me
I sure hope so. I think hoodies transcend age ;-)
glad you had fun!
Lucky you--I have wanted to see them for years...Have a good time--hope it is a great show!
Fascinating... Baby aspirin, NOT recommended for babies.
Yeah i am alright what you been up to
Listening to the new Todd Snider. It's pretty good.
Boston better not let Atlanta win !
I miss my seniors already. :(
lol, thanks! It was an experiment for work. I'm learning the ropes!
All of you were in band and I'm in choir.
Ha. Sorry. I saw a license plate yesterday and thought of you... it said "Hey-Oh" :)
The Glow Salon and Spa deal will be over in less than 10 hours! Get over to www.crowdclick.com and don't be selfish- tell your friends!
Not a fan of this kit combo. We should always be trying to wear the sporting blue, especially at home
Well, you know his smartass-ism didn't just start with that last tweet! Cc
Meeting tomorrow for my trip to Rome! I'm not even mad that's is a 2.5 hour meeting because it'll be exciting to hear about!
worth a try ;-)
Daily reminder: "arguing with a stupid person is like wrestling with a pig. All you get is dirty, and the pig likes it."
I'm up but for work :p
I WILL KILL IT. PRO WASP KILLER HERE SINCE 2012.
fuck that nigga, you wanted one.
we will see you at the track!
"I think being traded to the #Mariners was my worst injury." ~Former #Brewers Jeff Cirillo
The concert was awesome!!!!
i wanna see pictures of you from prom missy!
To achieve, you need thought. You have to know what you are doing and that's real power. -Ayn Rand
#SaySomethin lets get it up to #1 TT lets do it for
baaah! i wish i had known, i would be there right now!!!
This gonna be a long drive back home
Sitting on a bench drinking a Coca-Cola at 86th and 5th. Just went to the MET and saw Egyptian stuff. Love this place
Lovely Weather we are having
luck you! Have a great trip.
when I was young my moma look at and said girl yhu gone break hearts cus yhu to cute for just one
S/O to pretty gurl representative
You are welcome. We will be in touch in next day or two re next steps.
The Band Perry to perform at Maryland State Fair
MT : Lack of wifi, 'net connex continues to be an embarrassment at Capital Newspapers Bldg. #spjmadisontraining <-I was shocked
Prepping a monologue for Hollywood Bootcamp.
Early for dinner at Palate; guess i'll get a headstart at the bar. Gin rickey time!
Please feel free to call my office to discuss your specific case. We are always working on new procedures.
yeah pretty much. Pre school, kindergarden, 1st through 8th grade, then freshman, sophomore, junior, senior, college.
Bulls win, now lets get a Heat lose.
OH MY GOD I HATE THAT SONG
ohmygoodness we have to go see the movie now. Adam and Aaron might have to suffer watching a chick flick. #sorrynotsorry lol
OH! Yeah, you'll do fine, then :) I was worried this was a serial Guinea Pig library...
playin a love game
bro I've been wanting to meet with u and since last year! Let's make it happen!
Come and jooiin me we'll ditch the sleepy heads=))!!
Locos on the Destroyers 20 yd line after a big sack and a fumble recovery
Dear Shane West, pls be in another movie like A Walk To Remember. You are so great in that.
hahaha wow i am still going to do that too
Love it!
I like it too!
Losing built in macros in Amisys 4.0 creates data entry headaches....use #Foxtrot to automate data entry in Amisys and save your budget!
can I get you ANY way??? I really want to talk to you...
I am going crazy and thinking way too much right now.
I suppose this book needs some chapters.
Thanks for the RT!
Only ONE spot remains for the Spring 2012 season of Don't miss this chance to have the time of your life.
A brandname for a company is like a reputation for someone. You earn reputation by attempting to do difficult things effectively.
in Ps: background copy, then on the rt, look for Color balance, midtones, cyan/red -100. Then desat the face as best you can.
ohh. then dogs.
1% of the way there with 100 days left to go, right on pace.
lol stop being disrespectful
how many twitters you got?
Time magazine cover, the true example of a titty baby, ehhh, I mean toddler.
almost everyone in his story is a human w a story, regardless what they do/who they are. A refreshing lack of self-righteousness.
one day you will tweet me and it will be the best day of my life
Bigger than Chubb?
go make some honey!
To all Miami Heat haters - Lebron has no problem making the big shots!!
MT : Attending multicultural hr on far we've come since 06 Time Out article "Why is Chicago Theatre so white"
Two replies - 1 said #acrl2011 and 1 said #acrl11. I'm seeing both being used. The ACRL website says #acrl2011 is the official tag.
Always happy to meet and give some advice/quote. Please call on 01636 640 321 to arrange. Thanks Simon
I say it that way too. "Jen" is kind of a Utah thing.
Aw, me too. I'm in love with his voice.
smooth travels on 81 s tonight1
Herman Cain isn't having affairs -- he's creating jobs.
Wet roads lead to gridlock on I-75; I'm glad is doing the driving!
Hm that sounds good
London book fair and Richmond park for 's Birthday!
Big day ahead for the last home game of the season. Grilling every animal we can think of and have setting up.
hey good morning again :-)
JLO is a bad bitch ! She's doing it big $$$
# True (2Chainz Voice)
And Greenbay is hushed...
Just discovered the site via Ben Heckendorn/my interest in PC/XBOX360 Mods. Glad I did! Had & used tools since elementary school.
Boo just made New Years breakfast - awesome!
For additional entries into the Ride w/ Lance Sweeps, submit Photo Flashes at www.Facebook.com/C2GoRideWLance
I am a huge fan of that show, can't stop watching the episodes over and over again :-)
Bout to hit up ambridge with ashlee
High tunes
Alright let's talk about christmas.
try now? sorry about that!
Seeing this shop full of Thomas Kincaid paintings is bringing out my inner arsonist. #IKnowCensorshipIsWrongButCanWeMakeAnException?
My grandparents came to church matching..
Can't wait to move out this Hell House so I can get a descent couple hours of sleep !
make that two RT @[]: I might be having one of my 'i hate everything' days
Jordan says "these are difficult times." She talks about Garcia's indictment for allegedly steering a no-bid contract to a Houston woman
!! RT Eggfast burritos is so good...winning right now hahah
followed! Thank you!
#ThingsIWantTheMost: to be able to start paying all my bills by myself before I turn 18.
Hell ya!
historian lol? The LA Riots was in 92, we was all around during the Rodney King beating
At Late Night With And The Boys ! :)
They should at least be civil and not fight.. No more blood baths
The fall TV season will be starting soon! Which shows are you looking forward to seeing?
Peaceful Litigation Settlement - Can also include marital agreements such as pre and post nuptials.
Looking for more twitter followers... #FollowMe and I will follow you..Thanks!
Happy Valentines Day <3 love you guys!
In 3 days ill be in VEGAS BABY!!
I'm in the mood for some ziti
Good lord. When will news organizations remove the technology grandpa term "Cyber" from their vocabulary? I'm looking at you
Here's to the nights I won't remember with the friends ill never forget <3
I want to go see the #HungerGames tomorrow night!
I wouldn't tell Abed, he's pretty ruthless.
Getting my shower in and off the tucc. (fart sound)
The boy studies with - practice makes perfect (-:
exactly what I needed (also, I should have thought of that myself)!
contact Shametra she is on one of the committee's and should be able to help you contact someone. Hope this helps.
Thanks we deserve to be treated that way <3 just like you treat Sarah :)
110,339 Total Votes at Present For Favorite New Country Band of November.... with leading slightly. Best to all Contestants!
Learn more about becoming a 2010 Walk to Empower sponsor at our Corporate Breakfast on 11/5/09 @ 8:00 a.m. at the Daniels Fund.
stop tryna pull a fast one.
The world won't end in 2012 because my yoghurt expires in 2013.
If you can't be at tonight's town hall, follow the hash tag #wonk for tweets from us & the #AmericanU community.
after seeing that I can kinda understand where DoD is coming from. No doubt those are the guys pushing the Amero.
we are already following , but great recommendation!
Rude 20somethings wanted me to stop and answer their questions/survey on the street.
Thank you... a tough day so I needed a little inspiration.
CNN is saying that the GOP have a "media bkaming' problem. I just have a problem with CNN period.!!!!!! Go to hell MSM!!!!!!!
My new ambition will require a lot of dedication, and may cost me friends and family but its worth it
how original
A Place Pictures just shot our first commercial!
Im just sick of it
Then my best friend and the same two chicks asked me if I was a virgin. When I said yes they laughed. My freakin' best friend laughed at me.
Hey so did you see my comment on Instagram? Do you miss your hair?
Looool my condolences.
You know I am always down to hang out!
smooth and safe travels to ya!
If you don't have time to do it right, where are you going to find the time to do it over?
delete the ap and redownload
I'm gonna creep on to wake her up.
girl ur lucky...have fun scream ALOT!!!
concert #Ollie's thanks for coming our way tonight
Oh... what a Monday.
Pastor Winans to the musicians..."you know it...ok...come on....."
Definitely have met people who don't like ketchup...never anyone that doesn't like BBQ sauce.
lol ugh im so bored
haha. Not if kobe doesn't get in the game. They might get beat by 20 lmao
i love when people talk about my relationship.
w00t! Empower yourself by fighting back! RT "If I could wave a magic wand and do one thing, I would empower women." -Condoleezza Rice
Never seen so many iPads in my life
Lmao some guys brought toy swords to play with! :o
great show in Cincinnati, Ohio last night!
Love 'em!! Maegan has the keenest eye for fashion details
The more money we make the more problems we see- Diddy
you were my 1000th follow! also my saab rules all...
What are the three words guaranteed to humiliate men everywhere? 'Hold my purse.'
Taking the scenic route back home
Thank you. To you as well. :)
I was a wasted walking baby giraffe last night.
“: here's to the kids who are sluts.”Me <3333333
He Said No .
No more history. Please. I don't care.
or should I say all grown up? HA!
so dark so early...time to gym shop
Thx! RT“: I wish I could go to #wgi this weekend to see They are amazing. Instead I'm going to drums next week.
Panksepp is one of my heros. I wrote about him in my dissertation. Good article on slate you RTed.
Off to a late Oktoberfest-style beer tasting party thrown by the gracious No better way to spend a fall evening.
Thanks for the RT!
Would you be willing to cover our RIFT red carpet premier/theatrical release to your site and do an Exclusive
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
I suppose I have illegitimate brain babies all over town...it's impossible, in LA, to keep one's hilarity to herself.
nice! and very accurate as far as i can tell =) very, very cool
looked stunning tonight on reunion! #teamphiphi top3 and phuck the haters! Congrats Sharon Needles!
Everything in Moderation... except for coffee! :-)
did I forget to mention these are my jeans for yard work?! Oops... My bad!
you better (;
Absolutely. RT : 84 degrees in Chi-city. It would be wrong not to find somewhere to drink outside, no?
Picked a good day to stop at Dilly Cafe in Mariemont, OH - just tapped Avery Maharaja! Holy hops, Batman!
#Texas2ATL Ok time to do shows in the ATL - The Hit & The #SouthDallasSwag Dance is really on fiya here SERIOUSLY wurk time.
Tim Thomas is a douche for refusing to go to White House for Stanley Cup day. If a D did that to R Pres. they would say he hates America.
going to mira loma to look at a house
Big time #SALUTE to my lil brother for his grad frm #BenedictCollege today!! PLS RT
older would be nicer!
hey brendan what's up ? :D what's going on ?xD
Happy weekend, everyone!
Don’t expect to finance $25,000.00 with no money down for 60 months at $400.00/mo. Even at 0% interest
Also, being a writer who never wins Scrabble reminds me of being the only nerd in high school who couldn't win at chess.
why thank you, you guys are not the far, if i take a trip, i will call ahead...Cheers! Happy Friday :)
What’s your favorite dish at Big City Tavern?
Good thing Sadie is sleeping right now. She would be going crazy with all of these runners running through our alley and down the street.
RT : Grow a strong local economy. Build a healthy community. Support Local Independent Business. Keep it local.
measure behavior, not aggregation, on Facebook and Twitter. Clicking a like button is not a blood oath. get over it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to this year's parade- what a fun day!
Most depressing moment is when my dog just looks at me and I know he's in pain but I can't do a thing to help
“: ESPN is reporting that hurt his ring finger. What ring?! #Quitness”
I love showing up to the laundry room right after someone who owns a cat :|
hahaha...sorry.Hey, sorry I haven't called back this evening. Got caught up w/ shit & was exhausted. Will call tomorrow! xo
and that's a bad thing?? ;)
bahaha! Too funny
just woke up from a really weird and fucked up dream. I've been watching too many sci fi shows
got work... N goin back at 4:30... N of course I'm changing.... Cuz bitch imma boss...
Irish up by 7. Let's finish this shit
one love Scott.
So...I was just at The Grove. I saw Ariana Grande, Paris Hilton, Latoya Jackson, a star whose name I can't remember, and Matt Bennett!
Sometimes it's easier to just let go and move on.
hi, i'm awkward.
I did. For the same reason. Its a'ight. :p -CV
He'd pull it off perfectly
without braces equals an Angel <3 he got them off at 10:49 in Chicago time :)
playing the waiting game...
Thanks! I always make the most of it. Definitely look for pictures upon my return :)
Up early to go with and watch my Dad's taping of the 700 Club.
do whatever you want but never settle for less
NEW OPENING seeking Top 40 bands 4 to 6 piece that specialize in hit music from the 50s to today, all styles Must have a promotional video
Not everyone is born good or evil! Sometimes it's nurture that turns them either way. Jealous you're playing skyrim.
playing around with my résumé design at work today.
why Cleveland?
Woke up sick. This came out of nowhere. And I'm not happy about it.
iWish He'd Talk To Me /:
: That is what I said.
You are very welcome :)
Josh Hamilton--insanity!
It's gonna be a crazy week before Thanksgiving with all the cooking that's has to get done, I'm loving every minute of it.
Living as citizens of King Jesus is hard. It is not supposed to be easy, Jesus Died.
Ahaha Uu Ah Foo RT : then we ship it outta town call it safe sex ha
Thanks for including us!
After 1 plate of filipino food, i have the urge to run it off
Lord Junior year over....cant believe ima b a senior again, time is flying
Standards higher than kites.
sign up with the link provided...it will save you some cash!
#pinterest used to be fun and original, now it seems like a lot of advertising. :(
Thx for posting headlines from the mtg last night. I couldn't make it (live on the steep side, but glad for the update)
Holding an iPhone 4S, I dont understand why I've used a BlackBerry for the past 4 yrs. This really redefines "smartphone" for me.
Does anyone know if an author of an idea in a copyrighted novel retains the intellectual rights? ?
Got a state of mind right now... #grindseason #whereyourAgame?
Santorum data from Jan - before his surge. MT : Santorum behind GOP candidates in social media (Obama leads all)
Music is the soundtrack of your life. - Dick Clark. <3 RIP Dick Clark. New Years Eve Will Never Be The Same. <3
So you think you can hang with the big names on the Mic? ..but you jus can't afford quality sound recording.. Hit me up!
Omg today is where they are doing cheap tattoos but it's in Orlando ugh I wanna get me a tattoo :/
This bitch is so fuckin loud -__- it's 7:19 am
Got a code worth 20% active right now! Use code: twitter20
if you're in the Allen session, hang out afterwards to say hi!
So sleepy. Can I just nap for the rest of the last twenty minutes at my desk?
I thinks a great pick up. Another weapon
Im taking my mom out to brunch. First we have to find the right hotel. There are WAY too many Rosens on one road in Orlando :P
just back from a recording session for next record - amazing stuff on the horizon! is working some magic!
why does MLB history always have to happen against the O's. At least Cal making history was positive
Can't wait ANY longer for the game!
& we'll reply back w/ instructions. My web guy thinks ur spam folder got it, either way if u signed up you'll get tix
send me your email and ill send some samplels
No, see, that's not how it works. I take one side, you take the other one. And I took the anti-cutest dog side.
Living is naturally hell, we have to work to put a smile on
Having my own private roflolcon this weekend called "Ben prepares his presentation for AIC"
Double espresso! It's been quite a busy work week- Love it!!!!
I just bit the bullet and got a 10" Galaxy tablet lol
I am OC tonight.
I am an American citizen.
Looking for a three column wordpress theme with video capabilities in the header. Anyone???
Love you guys! Farm on!
Bobcats took some snooze juice in the locker room.damn,they were doing so good too.
I just want to acknowledge the general grooviness of and my community of tweeps. Love to you all. What else is possible?!
Any suggestions for twitter follows? Any type of class/athletics/ or people who take/teach classes will do!
saw your message today on FF and WWIM for junior academy - great place to start - next would be journal and Winning Golf.
I am in LOVE with 's song "Outlaws of Love" It is so beautiful!!!!
Well i don't mind i can be a bit of both
what your biggest fear
so how good is Cam Newton? torched us packers for 400+ yards
Bmore what'd up!
cam was right daamm jay stole lyrics from almost everyone in the game ... and pple worship jay smh blinded
Most misleading stat ever...
it's cool no worries I don't feel like complaining
nice good to hear keep doing great work and keep me posted
Kimberly Castle Attending Lingerie Football League Tryout - PR Web (press release)
If you don't go after what you want you'll never have it If you don't ask the answer is always no.
Flipboard on the iPad is my favorite late-night app.
not sure if it's sweet or lame that I'm watching your last ever JRIB at 10 on a Friday night. When does your CBS show start?
Everyone's a producer/DJ now...
Had a ball! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> ya back! “: love you friend! We always have so much fun when we go out”
definitely way cooler than planking! Great presentation!
you love it don't deny
Not fancy but DELICIOUS. Nothing happens fast here but if you like fresh food and "home cooked" meals, you will be happy.
Happy Teacher Appreciation Day to all the educators out there! Have you thanked a teacher today?
Finally going to earn a jetsetter badge on 4sq!!
Happy Friday! And a special happy birthday to my bro !! Love you man!!
Youngsters who show respect >
i am SO excited for next year! #finishyear is going to be so amazing! expecting great things to happen!
or the needs of kids who are on wait lists for charters....in the end its about putting the interest of kids above all else
This is one of my unending complaints that I am SURE my friends and professors are tired of hearing about. But it keeps being a problem.
For some reason seeing Bernie Lomax corpse gets me in the mood for Rocky Rococos pizza tho
yaa! Can't wait to see you - we need to get that collab on!
Just a reminder for everyone, without me, its just aweso.
Myles Kennedy doing an admirable job singing with
Reason 10 to love the BBA: Be an individual w/ our clothing boutiques, find unique pieces & discover the story behind the brand.
Truth...big problem in the Motherland. When can we go to Angola and help them? Fuck this middle east b.s.
Q: Why is air a lot like sex? A: Because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
u know u looking at some new ones too.
#ReasonsYouGetStabbed You're a t-bone steak.
All Night Getting Wasted Like A Motherfucka!
Just got off work now chillin wit my babe :)
": Someone could offer me a million dollars to not pee on the seat of a moving bus and I'd lose every time.
I will refraine from droping the obligatory "He's a balla line" Damn I just did it.
Todd you're scaring us! RT : Not relishing the idea of my face being several feet tall on screen!
I shared the original convo with my bf, he astutely said you don't get to insert a smiley face for someone else
“: I don't deal with anyone I tweet.. If you see us tweeting, we are not fucking.. #FYI <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> y'all gotta chill”
Ladies Entry $5 EVERY WEDNESDAY! ALL NIGHT LONG! Also, Holiday Party going on now...come eat!
Or be with
superman wears his pajamas
What a Lovely New York day... typical rainy day.
Arrived in DC this afternoon for #IAJGS 2011! Looking forward to a great conference!
I miss your touch and I miss your smile.
Apparently when you just get water & ask for lemon and sugar they know what you're doing...
This is the software craftsmanship movement
Why is it every move I make turns out to be a bad one where's my guardian angel? Need one wish I had one.
I know it is Christmas, but I am looking forward to the new year. Change is good.
whoa whoa whoa! I don't appreciate ya'll comin at me like this! I am a sweet little angel
“: You never hear the sound of the refrigerator until it stops. Appreciate things while you got them.”
#Album_Available: Now!! "My Sword My Shield" #Debut_Album Mixed & Mastered By
Shout out to our 700th follower !
Have something special planned for tomorrow's classes...
Game 6 performances: Pou Gasol 3 points. Marc Gasol has 23 points already tonight. Who could've guessed that Marc would be more valuable?
Does anyone else think #stafford is like that awkward smelly cousin that you try not to sit next to at Christmas?
although wearing purple while writing *does* make you write faster, I've done extensive tests! ;-)
At the smoke shop,DUQUE
Santorum knows how to say inevitable, but doesn't want to alienate southern voters by correctly pronouncing a four syllable word...
good for you girl!
Yay! I miss your short-lived previous blog. I need more snark in my life.
Wish I was sharing in this experience with that special someone.
At least you got it. They usually don't even bother ringing my buzzer and instead I have to go get it at the warehouse.
Fairly certain the Chancery menu was written by someone on speed. Or midway through a seizure.
If Tim Tebow has good mechanics than mine must be out of this world amazing
ahh yes don't blame you at all haha I know i'm meeting up with Wes & Manny there so even if you wanna chill, come by!
Come on C's...settle-in and get it going here...
IF YOU <3 ME <3 ME UNCONDITIONAL...
My #macbook is so old, crappy and slow, it even times out and unexpectedly quits when I restart/shut down :(
#NSMN If sports leagues don't play there will be too many ad dollars chasing too few GRPs.
haha no worries! I've been following your tweets regardless of your tardiness :)
Cute screenames. I guess I didn't think thru using their names.
#nowplaying .. Fooled Me Again
I wonder if Nevaeh is going to call and tell me HMD..she's probably still sleep tho
please! :) inspire me to finish my paper
I love Harry from It's so amazing how cute he is. It has to be the cheeks!
Sorry Clay, that tweet went out early -- the badge can be earned during the Fest!
"Church is the only organization that exists for its non-members" Evangelist John Wilkinson
What I really want is an app to make it simple and fun to do homework!
I'm glad you're hearing good stuff. Feel free to come by to check it out! cc
Lmao she knows.
hahahaha what a great class!
great words!
Daniel Willingham's book "Why Students Don't Like School" talks abt having just the right amount of challenge.
": you too!" Hi Mrs. Llorens! Thanks! Its great to hear from you. Enjoy your day Sis!
lmao I ain't even gone comment on that!
And a #SoupyTwist to you !
RT : The two best big men in the NBA are the two most immature dudes in the league.
All ready for my two day work week!
aww thanks Becca! Love ya to! :)
email me at qbsgraphics(at)gmail(dot)com... send details and image.
Not to be confused with the similar-sounding "cocoa tree", who's leaves are processed and synthesized into cocaine.
I added some reverb, so it doesn't naturally have the "echo" effect, but it sounds awesome wherever you play it!
Lol...don't you hate when you ask a question and you think you asked it first and Ari's answers someone's elses same question??! :(
Those were the days, I miss my crazy USAA stressed out binges too...
I was thinking Prohibitionist.
Starting to plan trip to Brazil in December: ten days.
We got our tickets to PA3 in the DOME on Friday at 10:45. Looking forward to hearing the crowd scream!
come over to work in the yard or pick things if you want this summer! :)
everyone i hope you know im not the official angel. this is kind of a fan twitter for her. #NoHate my real twitter is (:
i wokeup yesterday.. now i dont wanna talk about it
Well...next time you're in town, We are bad at planning. & I used to have the same prob in dallas
Dreamt about a work party in which Tina Fey asked for my card and Maya Rudolph held my purse while I looked for it. This is my life.
Last week's Friday Faculty Fest with Rev. Otis Moss I was a fantastic workshop. Thanks to all who attended!
incredible story to read of an entrepreneurial spirit such as this one. These kids today are amazing.
": Omg here these girls start with there little kid Drama" lmfaoo right like back the fuck up uglysss lmfaoo!
Since its the season of giving I think I'll give out a ass whoopin
Who's partying in south beach tonight?
Hello everyone, in just days we will have our site fully operational, goals: to win offices with Independent Thinkers, Chicagoans.
The word listen contains the same letters as the word silent. - Alfred Brendel
people who say whatev or whatevs, will never be
asking myself the same thing
Let's go Buccos!
"You think I should get a rocking chair at work? -
Who's better: #alabama or #LSU? What's anticipated for what some people are calling "one of the best games all season"? -...
u have the best twitter profile pic ever..
We always like to add to our sub list. That's where we get our teachers from. Send resumes to !
Hey , Think the debacle will turn into #Komen, round 2? Hoping yes, so they can clean house!
It looks like #Hugo and #TheArtist will be slugging it out all night long.
Can anyone recommend a good, reliable cleaning lady in Bmore, who would come up to the Mt Washington/Pikesville area?
keep on the wine and you will be the party. Just don't fall off the bar when dancing on it!
Thank you for the follow ! (-:
Oregon received a letter of inquiry. Well that narrows down my college choices a little bit.
Buying a new pony! RT : What do Soler and Co. plan on doing with large allocation money for Agudelo btw?
“: rock my world!” --> is it because I'm a geologist?!
#HurricaneIrene a Category 2 #hurricane making landfall. Power outages expected
And on that note I'll take a water
I called you a douche. I wouldn't be flattered by that. You should have spelled stupid "stoopid" I would have appreciated it.
cristal bear loves you!
no thanks
Life is FULL of ups and downs , just have to pick yourself up and be strong and be thankful for everything you have.
#arentyoutiredof not having a job? We can't help you that. Sorry.
excited for 3rd period tomorrow!
I had a weird ass dream last night
I miss ya already cutestufffffs. I love you so so very much.
vermicompetition (n) - a race to see which worms eat the most in a compost.
I also agree with that. I also am hoping for a new American star to step up soon.
Lights, camera, action! Can't find a live subject who's glamorous? Improvise. Find shots in a catalog or magazine & shoot.
Will be reunited with my best friend later!
If you like JB, check out my page Justin Bieber (To my heart) on Facebook!!!
WATCH REPAIRCRYSTALS,BAND BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 ! stop by get FREE CHARM BEAD LIKE PANDORA,CHAMILA,WHILE S LAST
We reported this on Sunday's show. Graphic said Sam Maresh, IU's Jerimy Finch and PSU's A.J Price are not returning.
I'm so glad I've never read the phrase "You Are What You Tweet" on my Twitter feed. Thanks, everyone. You're alright!
What wholesaler in Sacramento carries your product?
Lame nigga be quite
I hope that French girl comes back someday. I'll ask her to say cheeseburger.
Don't you turn my nightmares into dreams again
Sometimes You Have To make Sacrifices in Life in order to be Successful...
thanks for following Better Wine Guide, we've been following you for a while!
hahahhaha oh man am I funny or what? Goodtimes
some things just never change..
de Freitas: why games are so motivating: they map well against larger human behavior
is bitterly disappointed by her school - I do have a Phd you know!
coming! In August
:) thanks for your help, and for having great ideas.
You act as if you're perfect when you're far from it.
Heyo Enid! just back from 2 weeks in the Great North sans email or (gasp) twitter. How goes the awesomeness that is ?
RT Bourbon o'clock, y'all.
Oregon lost a double header to the Watertown Goslings....That hurt!!
FRIENDS COME AND GO, BUT MY LOVE FOR GOD and MY CHILD IS FOR EVER... XoXo
“: Egg producers fund study confirming the health benefits of eggs" AND THE WINNER OF MOST EXCITING TWEET IS.....
Know late to the game, but installed git and made first commit to a repository. Getting my #ZF #REST #API codebase together for blog post.
and all your dreams sharing with me and your secrets baring with me and the flaws, you aint even got to mention to me
I still have faith in this series. But we HAVE to start playing!
is that some kinda rodent thing?
Whoever wrote songs on Get Rich Or Die Trying album needs to come out of retirement and help a nigga out.....
will be this friday from 5-8pm signing autographs!!!
Finally learning how to retouch a persons face via Photoshop and #Gimp. Lesson one: changing lip color and eye color.
Abc family just bleeped out mr wilson saying the letters "GD" in dennis the menace. I am furious. They ruined my favorite line.
my case just hella saved my phone just now.. ay protect your smart phones people it's worth it!
That's a good question! It should, though I bet they overlooked this.
I am making this shit happen for the 13th.
Very insightful! RT : love that non-verbal cues can tell the real story! | Reading Non-Verbal Communication in UX...
I Ain't One Of Them Lol
coffee & ice cream sandwich :)
i get bored easily.!
: This is so upsetting! As a book nerd, I might be overreacting, but I thought there were a few good novels to choose from.
So looking forward to it! MT: Luckily & I are already coming in!“: 20% off all bottles of wine”
"YA THINK THESE FUCKIN COCKS WILL HOLD US???
"She reads too many novels."
Thanks for ReTweeting.
I...um...that sounds odd.
Rebounds were split at 43
Getting #Nipples pierced tomorrow holy fucking nervous omgaawwd!!
Newbury Street: Blueberry-Lemon froyo hits the machines and raspberry topping is back! Come visit and make this sunny day even sweeter!
As I type this tweet on my MacBook I think how Steve Jobs impacted my life. I counted on his vision & feel the loss of him in a personal way
it's a very informative program
Thanks for the follow! We're trying to promote the idea that views extend beyond labels!
heehee your cute.
I'm signing off for the day/night Can't believe it. He was only 46, and in great health. Why did he just suddenly die like that?
who's that?? Lol
That test was easy gladd u taugh us well
is there a icehouse chronicles tonight ?!?!
Usher is the shizzle and TWO CHAINZ is the best thing ever!!
RIP to and his homie alex vega.two good ppl gone in an instant.his words "Thumbs up Pinkies down"
R.I.P. MCA clownin funky fresh up in heaven
Seriously 0 for 2 today. Today needs to be over. Have I mentioned I still have to run 5 miles home bc Im without transportation.
welcome Emily tks for connecting, pleased ur reading our book. your book title is irresistible "Effective Immediately".
I keep it on and poppin!
97 out of 100 homes have a smoke alarm, more than 33% are unprotected bc the smoke alarms don't work. Change your battery today!
It's a beautiful day outside to watch the Knicks get eliminated.
He down mike
To say that this is the worst Congress EVER would be an understatement of epic proportions.
you are so lucky xo
Some really good writing there, man. Not easy to write about Patpong and keep it fresh, but you certainly did.
What a show! Feeling blessed to share the stage with such amazing performers. Thanks to them and to all who came to support
i love you!!!!! You dnt have to follow me but cn you rt :) <3
it is a fee hun!
Got my Ubuntu converted laptop online!! Netgear WNA1000M micro USB adapter worked straight out of the box.
Goin home to see my baby :)
Pretty much off book for my newest role in "Freedom Summer". It's a great & educational piece. Absolutely amazing. Glad to be a part of it.
But you don't wanna get burned! You wanna get tan.
"Did I just eat too much chocolate?" sounds like the perfect title to my autobio
Also so proud of the Nets tonite!!! looked so damn cold at the end
Ham. Nice throw dude.
How is everyone this evening/morning/afternoon/night?
life could be a lot more fair if we worked together for a more balanced country. Tell your 9 year not to lose hope.
Your learners want conversation more than prescription! Let's help them!
Exciting things are happening at Owneraide headquarters
Yeah! Tampa beats Caps 4-2. Thanks for that!
Amazing weekend topped off with a fantastic meal so good! Grape & goat cheese salad & corn bread perfection.
Finally seeing #hunger-games tonight. Oh yeah
Do you want to be our Valentine? :-*
UNACCEPTABLE. RT : This is Milwaukee, kids. You may not spell Bob Uecker's name wrong.
Got another customer hooked on after demo'ing it at their office yesterday. Welcome to the Cloud!
True. Outside the frame was a picture of a lady's legs with panties around the ankles. Lest we think it's a pet grooming salon.
VIP at the MGK concert
rad! thanks. also: more places should follow the lead of ... just sayin'...
After a few thoughts, I suppose some of my "disrespectful" tweets are about religion and politics.
": MBTA Red Line trains are skipping Central Square due to a suspicious package at 625 Mass Ave."
Damn near don't care what you think anymore means nothing to me never have. This isn't just out of anger
Sometimes I pretend that I don't care. But really, I care more than anyone else ever will.
Big Josh got drafted!!!
is about to beat the shit out of Finlay!
Also, Sam's being old and sitting down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
pictchas of your new hair??? are they up anywhere?
Just murdered another joint produced by for
yup my last year (: thank god. but i still need summer school, so im graduating in augst.
They seem to listen when you're dead. Soo....
Over 270 people attended the SIS Networking Reception last night. What a great way to wrap up SIS Career Week!
hey. Thanx for the follow. Have a great day
Interesting historical perspective, Jonathan!
hey hey hey, dont pull the mean card on me. :3
how stunning! i love moleskine journals!
What if today was just a dream ? And my dream was actually real ? O.o
#history #museum #historical Wednesday History Quote There is nothing more powerful than an idea whose time has come. – Victor Hugo
Being a kind, liberal soul, I'm hoping for prison for you, Ted.
At oreganos.. Yummy
Went to Sushi-Mon on Silverado and Maryland. It's a busy place! Everyone seems to like it. $27 All you Can Eat.
Well thank you for the support. I truly appreciate it. Its an edgy read but I've only gotten good feedback so I hope you enjoy it
Did I really just hear THE GOSSIP on a DIOR commercial? The same Gossip who played The Way Out Club in '01 or so? Where have I been?
tomorrow night
Just had a sword fight with while deciding what our new interior design/office layout should be. Fun Friday?
Every day I smoke weed and look at twitter. Today it kind of feels like everyone is looking at me.
Say NO to this rainy day and come hang at Murray Hill TONIGHT!! New Smyrna Tomorrow!! with von Wolfe and Frameworks!
#LiesPeopleAlways Tell ..."sorry I stopped texting you...I fell asleep". Just say the truth-you were tired & didn't want to talk anymore!
Wish the descendants of the Mayans were profiting off #2012 the way programmers profited off
From our VO talent: If all the studios could run their ships like you do, the v.over community would bow down and kiss lilipip’s feet. Woot!
do you sell individual 1.3oz packets of sticky toffee buns @ ? I'm feeling non-commital.
one minute you like me the next you don't, gosh boy you need to make up your mind!
Consuming vegetables and fruits may reduce the risk of #Alzheimer, show studies in the United States and Japan.
The man behind the hottest beats of B.E.A.S.T. music: FOLLOW
Brb Like Anyone cares
Same for ! I wish you guys delivered!
Who is this?
Thank you for advertising the #Meisner workshop for Thursday :)
What's with all the ankle injuries I've seen today? Its like everyone played ball against me this weekend
I can help. you can email me at valerie.lopez at cision dot com
May all your troubles last as long as your New Year's resolutions. ~Joey Adams
not an old man... Just preparing for the night ahead
drink alot of water the day before or got get stinger buzz from a smoke shop
Heads up... #SpeedTrap! 7 patrol cars/bikes on Stone Way from 45th to 34th
OK up and working on Korngold songs today!!!
soo many ppl r saying just find another friend. everyones sayin that from wat they hear, shes a bad friend but shes not..
A new CQ Weekly cover story on cybersecurity by yours truly is due out Monday...
In the future, textbooks will be made obsolete by snappy infographics.
#CNNDebate Did Gingrich just say the Defense committee?
If you didn't see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears, don't invent it with your small mind and your big mouth.
Such a party!
I'm sorry. I think we've been hacked :-/
stop complain its too hot
The weather in Seattle has actually been very nice when the NPC co-chairs during site visits. :)
As much as I love Jimmy Nielsen and SKC, I'm a little ticked that some t-shirt designer jacked the Rapinoe hair shirt idea.
I agree with you.. I was underwhelmed & disappointed...but I did my good deed to support the overall concept
Wish I could be there for that lunch!
great seeing you today and its on the way.
Watching the survivors survive. They are the real heroes.
just got word of a show at a place called 2 Old Hippies for Saturday:)
S.C.H.O.O.L= Seven Crapy Hours Of Our Lifes
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/28/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Emerald City
Rumor has it You were rolling in the deep with someone else. & yeah we could've had it all. But you pist me of I set the rain on fire.
It's naivety and ignorance more than anything. If they do a quick Google search they'd find out more than they need to know
People wack and funny .
Come spend time with me in NYC! Or, can we have a Skype date and discuss what its like to live in cities other than LA?
We'd definitely be into having our music featured on your station. Let us know if you need some mp3 or wav. files
For if we have been united together in the likeness of His death, certainly we shall be in the likeness of His resurrection; Rom 6:5 EMTV
A Batchelder fireplace and a chicken coop for under $500k in Eagle Rock! House included!
World cup icon. VIVA #BRA :-)
You are a delight to have tea with! Thank you for following me on this journey! : )
cause I don't answer the phone. Kita I don't keep up with my phone during the day. I'm sorry :(
"The mere imparting of information is not education; ...the effort must result in making a man think and do for himself." Carter G. Woodson
We will find a way to get to Haiti. We just need everyone to keep the chapter in prayer. We must help out!!
Holy cow....that was bad...
hey whatsup? 3 way hangout tomorrow? Er wait what?
Mushroom tip. I just got that! haha
This My Song . . Trey Songz-Heart Attack , <3333
#RT if you love your #VEGAS fans!! :) follow back??
I feel like i've just experienced a huge loss. What a weird day.
Just fucking met Hayden!!
LADIES WE HAVE SUN DRESSES AND SANDALS!!!!
don't listen to !!! You can kill yourself (: it's okay <3
So true.
this week is gonna go by really slow
people are already calling and Austin isnt even in yet... MAHOMIES GO BIG! ... IM CALLING BUT LINES R ALL BUSY :(
Stop clicking on sites you no nothing about! To much spam!
Man the torpedoes!
RT : Big cheers for all diving into #ScriptFrenzy today! Remember to breathe, curse and ignore the delete key. You can do it!
Staring down the barrel of the working parents' nightmare: out-of-town client meeting vs. Kindergarten concert.
went in to rite aid with $300 to get my meds and cum out with $25 HIM was piss......so now who going to do my hair for $25 lol
RT : Let's play fill in the blank. Matt Cassel is <not a starting QB in the NFl. Just sayin... Glad I'm not a chiefs fan.>
Bledsoe was a class act and always played his heart out. Looking forward to him getting in the Pats HOF
to whom r they talking? The GOP has trashed this President for 4 years. Those who supported POTUS before have tuned them OUT
ah i still need graduation shoes
What can I do to work on a Rodriguez film set?
working now
#OKC got this
We are redeploying our assets is a favorite quote of money managers. Buying opportunities have been created. Really? Sell short.
Yes, 2010/2011 in social with :) There is a group of former-CMers that try to get together when we can.
Can someone explain how the #yankees let go of Alfredo Aceves, a proven pitcher, and ended up with the likes of Buddy Carlyle?
No matter how you spin it, you loss this round!! The people won!
Is hungry
Cosentino: Not the end of the world if you didn't get through the whole case. But you need to be able to summarize.
I am all about layers! Give me a nude lip pencil,peachy nude lipstick, and a high shine sheer beige gloss and im ready to ROCK!
Just how much is enough?
I'm not in the mood to do anything anymore.
My damn eyes burning
This is shaping up to be the best birthday weekend ever.
Had a #dream I couldn't sleep; woke up less than rested.
Stealing from urban outfitters is so easy it should be a crime.
81 degrees and three industry tastings to attend...I think I can handle that!
#WhyDoIAlways want to be like anyone else
So, apparently NSP was voted Best Off-Loop Theatre Company in the Chicago Reader reader's poll! #holycrap #notsurehowthathappened!
Tweets from this account are managed by
"open access is logical" synchs with mission. Not just content but process, standards, workflow.
#GoTribe You can't win them all
Wear your Red tie! RT : Good news: Got a spot on the March 21 #smbmad event! #UWSocial bad news: I think I'm waiting tables
I'm not with her.
#Makingthenexthit getting these beats together hope yall ready
A 1st ever trip to Caputos market was amazing! Beef tend for 4.99lb, incredible produce section, pasta, cheeses and everyone spke italian!
How can you improve your brand management?
Hey Craig thanks for the retweet
See us on the #web at onewayquartet.com
Unrelenting; Relentless; Carbon Copy; Proceed; Restart; Phoenix; Infinity Roulette
like humans, it's what's on the INSIDE that counts. Or something like that.
high five received! :)
Did you find someone or cancel right away? I'm on the fence. Almost want to hold out just to have a genuine love story.
Polls have closed, results should come in as fast as a twister in Fond Du Lac County
Soulmates are people who bring out the best in you. They are not perfect but they are always perfect for you. ~Unknown
you're welcome. :) xx
Thanks for the follow ! Clever bio brotha.
Judge Payne: "It's not just managing to data, it's wisely using the data to help our workers with their critical thinking"
Today is our General Manager, Todd Burek's birthday! He'll be in the pro shop this afternoon. Stop by and say Happy Birthday!
thank you
Tired as fuck.
#federator crew in rehearsal for your friday night party with legacy @ magic room in brighton, ma!
So, I heard you're ditching me tomorrow...
Hi Chitra, hope you had fun last night & hope we'll see you again next month.
": yea , got shot at a all white party back home he was only home for a few days man ..." in n.o??... or la...
Nuvolt Corporation Announces the Conclusion of a Sale Agency Agreement with ... - MarketWatch (press release)
no kidding! or even gum! that sounds like a really good initial avenue for sharing it out.
RT From Iran: "I have one vote. I gave it to Moussavi. I have one life. I will give it for Freedom."
Impromptu speeches... Yuck! Maybe I should celebrate Fat Tuesday a bit before I go to class
Yeah, we have a few here in Milwaukee. Super cool stuff.
Your trip is creeping closer and closer!
"lightbulb cartel"?! How many other products were/are controlled like the lightbulb?
Ill crack the whip up on a bitch!
Kinda wish i had BC2 for pc. Looks a bit fun
In this case if the Lakers win on Friday the series begins and ends the same night
RT Single UX: things that need to work, do. All others are unexpected delights in the current context, at least to me.
Some lessons be pretty tough. Don't worry too much about score. Make sure you're learning from feedback. Good luck!
Google+ is a place men is a place men talk about being on #Google+ says #MAMSummit :0)
Open at 10am starting today!!
lol. That seems to be how it goes. Well if you need anything, please let us know!
I hope everyone had a good Valentines Day if your one who celebrates it!
--BiTCHED THREAT WiT DAT CHiT CHATiN.!!
belated thanks! it's still an issue, but at least there is some perception of equal access. ideally we get more space soon too
Haha I'll keep that in mind. I don't really know what I'll find later on before winter starts
No in flight wi fi. Missing MNF and a great world series game. #delta fail.
yes. For real. FYI he played the murderer in the final episode of perry mason
ugh I know..
lmao you saw what he said right ?!
First day of rain in San Antonio since i been here! Actually feels pretty good!
officially " drive like an asshole day" in SF
Who doesn't love reading cozy books in bed? Best experience ever just before you doze off to sleep and dream novels.
For Honda, Next Accord Must be a Hit
Woohoo! Have a good time.
No matter how good or bad you think life is, wake up each day and be thankful for life. Someone somewhere else is fighting to survive.
YES YES AND YES! do you know the location of the SD drybar?
I use to feel like a little kid when I texted you; but now I don't break my neck to text BC you make me feel unwanted.
Make the most of yourself, for that is all there is of you. ~ Ralf Waldo Emerson
Late USA surge fails. Knock on. This should do it
My neighbor's having a party. two of his friends were on it with me taking about getting ”to' up” at their work christmas party. Douches.
Isn't it weird that the government is trying to pass a bill where u can lose your citizenship with the enemy expatriation act?
Rest in Peace MCA a.k.a. Adam Yauch of the
With honey bees, most of the 'intelligence' lies in the colony, not the individual; they don't live independently, and aren't meant to. lp
because that's my name for 25 years. :-)
Poetry involves the mysteries of the irrational perceived through rational words.
QUESTION ABOUT BOOKING, DM'S..
promoting #fairuse as a 1st Amendment right for educators and librarians; recounting history of DMCA exemptions
Good seasons for IU and Marquette. Man, i hope the Brewers and Marlins are good
thanks for the suggestions. will pass along.
Lol they're plying love like woe in mcdonalds
Fuck that drug test !
That is too funny Alpana! Not my typical passover libations!
Really neat social technology built-in to electronic cigarettes! Congratulations to #BluCigs CEO Jason Healy.
As a teen, left w/ a baguette a day at a hostel in Paris. As an adult, thanks to credit cards if budget plans fall through
The children had a great, hands-on learning time with farm animals that "Farmer Frank" brought in on Thursday and Friday
I'm still mad that I didn't get you in my class last year, Steph. I hope you're doing well.
in the summer!
What did the deer say after he left the gay bar? "I can't believe I just blew 50 bucks in there!"
Time for holiday shopping. Ditch big corporate companies & support small businesses
Anarcho-capitalism in one lesson: "Mr. Kool-Aid, tear down this wall."
That's so cool!!!
Please check out the site... only a few days left for the fans to surprise the Saints! www.worldchampionfans.com
My new twitter name is punny
Tweet " #TripleDslaughterHouse " NOW!
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter i didn't know what the hell was up with all the hash-tags!
10 episodes...but who is the 10th "main" character? Picture only shows 9 characters! Maybe Oscar?
going to bed now. hopefully some, if not all, of my weekend plans work out. movies and dinner with raven on saturday? fingers crossed
Just got started at #tocchicago listening to digital transitions from print
Let's start a countdown! #8monthstillVegas What are you planning to do while you're here?
Good thing the Blazers have Sean Marks. Right?
My wife goes more googoo gaga over him than any of the players. Me too actually.
Seems like I have done more Chinese weibo than tweets in maybe the past year.
S/o to the dumb fuk i so stupidly marriednfor ruining my godam day >:(
#ONRAYJ'SIPOD momma said knock u out
:D high five ! Arent ya doin' the uniforms one ?(:
I'm serious lmao
I want to hook me up with 's issue of Faze magazine!
#Lifesstuff progress is needed everyday
RT! The winds of grace are blowing all the time. All we need to do is raise our sails. - Rama Krishna
cashier say to bagger girl at super market " you hear alice got busted for hippie lettece". bagger girl "what?". cashier "marijuana". me lol
Congratulations! Saw the Grub Street article. :)
I'm about as athletic as a sloth.
Great company!
Two new paintings and a set of 3 adorable penguin cards! Don't miss! www.shadowglacier.etsy.com FREE SHIPPING
Ah, nevermind, actually.
anyone have a skype??? <3 ill add you to my contacts (:
Spittin fire like Bowser.I'm the shxt with no trousers
Just got a little too comfortable in my bed.
But as #kharma would have it, tripled my cash baby. That's twice in 2 weeks.
I tweeted some of the articles from e!online.
Everyone, come see me, Jeff Lockerman, and Nick Donley tonight at Hotel Indigo - Union St, Nashville @ 7!
Every time I start to feel sorry for Betty, she does/says something that completely ruins it & I go back to hating her.
And his team
Yikes! Hope they were delish! Looks like there is quite a variety of fried fair fare!
Josh Hamilton just single handedly molested the Orioles..
OKC! #Thunder Man, they've got a good looking team!
Whoa! Word on the street is has switched it up and gone Android on us!
I haven't gotten mine yet :-(
"good thing we're playing herron... because if they're shirtless, i may be a little distracted..."
NBA finals kick off tonight hm can you say Dirk??
Awesome turn out at last nights Food Truck Gathering ! Thanks to every one who attended ! Lots of happy people !
that's a good idea!
There is a great company that I am going to join this week. I am not going to put a link to it until I have joined, so stand by.
What have you done to make yourself better today?
ha, no.just general statement.
You ain't slick.
i'm not sure what's worse: waiting on a recompile or waiting on git commands to run on a shared webhosting account
how was work?
Just watch out for Lenny and Squiggy. You never know what those 2 are up to! Hope you are able to get back to your journey soon.
me either. It sucks.
TenJune open bar 10p to 11p Mention the Neesa Models Guest List. You can thank us later.
I really want some chicken
Dagga Dagga strikes back! Set starts at 10pm. Come thru for the jamboree upstairs.
#comcast is so slow on Friday evenings. And here I am trying to download the #diablo3 client.
What's up w/ the hat Kelly? Ur face is 2 pretty!
:o that was my favorite xD ugh im gone :/
I'm not exactly sure how many times a day I talk about Ari, but I'm pretty sure my friends&fam are tired of it by now
JERRY IS AMAZING IN BED <3 Mahomies and Beliebers go follow
#VASHRM12 is getting underway with opening by the Conference Queen, Pam Thornton.
I received my advance reader's copy of PEOPLE WHO EAT DARKNESS. Thanks to & !
God morning !
Somehow i think time 24 is "the charm". I raise blinds. They fall. I scream, "i hate you!". ::i turn the little stick and open them:: ok...
I still miss computer voice sidekick
People don't see how urgent the time is! I'm at a red light in GT2 Porsche ready to pop the clutch! LET'S GO!!!
Thanks for the reference Rob! Also, looking forward to seeing you in Vegas for MicroConf.
follow..ill follow backk :D
Chancellor: You have no function, Mr. Wordsworth, you're an anachronism, like a ghost from another time.
I'm saying that to #KSAT since there are other channels that have church services on TV (may not be local but still)
Never invest money in anything that eats or needs repairing. ~ Billy Rose
if you had to pay a debt and the price was your right pinky or your left arm which would you give up?
Thanks! Putting in a proposal with for a summer reading preso in November.
Alexis loves my sad face ! Lol little weirdo! :)
You're in my thoughts big guy. RT : Today's the day! Time to move forward and get healthy.
Downs& updates! I got an interview. Pulled the trigger on a job possibility near my gf, same city. But it is a restaurant gig. Stoked!
hahaha I thought about that today after I saw a picture from last night!
Still getting my main logo redone or tweaked... it's just not right yet
Ah. I'm bored and no one I want to talk to is up. :( Someone hit me up :)
#Denver #enlightening #event is coming up in June! Join us in #sacred #geometry for the #Blessing of #Wholeness from the #Angels to pass on!
we looked good
Emma stone is hilarious. I want to do a creepy YouTube video professing my love to her
One day I will own a Toyota Tacoma Sport X-Runner V6 ...
Lol Glad I could help :)!
Marriage proposals at sporting events=NOT cool
since i am not doing anything ima go dance on kinest & lose weight
oh my goodness. I can't believe anyone can be so idiotic to say such things... I almost can't believe anyone believes that.
i know! talk about idiocy. ugh i hate politicians. well just the dumb ones
this is the main reason i TRY to stay to myself.!
May the Wondrous Spirit of Christmas Fill Your Heart Today and Always.
I like the sprint.com #redesign. That website has always had problems, and still does, but the use of #jQuery + #Flash is outstanding.
Can we make Jake a twitter? Cc
that's crazy too. I never thought about that one. But I don't see how they can keep him off the Olympic team. Need a big man
i'm about to eat my cookie dough ice cream..yum
Thx for the follow! Your work and support of research in youth sports head injuries is invaluable - thank you for all you do!
: One way ticket from Chicago to Milwaukee? $23. Waiting 2 hours on the train for it to leave the station? Priceless.
Whoa - some major changes afoot. You moving for good?
u bought alot of gifts?
What the fuck is a "happy camper"????
Can London redefine European Tech? Find out at Tech Entrepreneurs Week.
check out for details on Social Media week! xo
On the sidewalk by the bustop outside the FAC? I KNOW!!!
#siba12 & The Project are going to be fun! And for #StephenKing try audio. The Breathing Method was under 3 hrs & CREEPY
the US rental market's vacancy rate is at its lowest level since the 4Q01 and is below 5% for the 3rd time in the more than 31 years
remembering when Apple was in the teens :-(
RT RT : The acoustics & acapellas in some of the songs is just amazing
HONEY SEARCH at the Hustler Club!Ladies,you've got a body and we want to see it!You could WIN BIG!Come get $1 Miller Light all night!
Gotta interview tomorrow at 2pm wish me luck :]
Aye we doing good Lakers ! c:
This weekend I'm actually doing something, and that's rare.
Words to Obama by President of Barnard: "You've made certain that those serving our country have freedom both to ask & to tell"
I Have A Feeling I Did Something Wrong Whyy. :/
US govt has 1100 data centers... 24000 websites... Little integration.
#TwSIG the impact factor isn't necessarily measured well because of the formulas don't fit the social reality of famous people.
UGA Special teams need to be more special. Please.
Thanks for being awesome :) Keep listening to :)
Never heard of it to be honest? Is it just board games? I happen to be undefeated at Chutes and Ladders.
"Alfred make me breakfast" is what I'd say if I had a Butler even if that wasn't his name
you have to my love
she said there is plenty room lol. and i think we r going to kohls after we get you :)
Sorry to say I still snap spaghetti in 2 b4 putting in pan- it was like I'd crashed his new Ducati into the Trevi fountain when he saw it!
Well, you'd still have a referrer. Or, REFERER.
I'm crying right now. You don't know how proud I an of Justin.
Ha! Love it!
I like the way you kiss me when we're playing the kissing game.
I'm sorry,I just can't do it. Glee is so annoying. -_- I tried.
hear ya been grinding on lock poker. Got that training I told u about from and its been great #USA>canada ;)
Does anyone know of anywhere in Broad Ripple that rents bicycles? #indy #help =)
We'll casually bring it up next time we see him.
For once Grey Team won! Oh yeah!
Omg! I love it already. We have Marlene's natural Market down here. I go there a lot.
Kristen Hawkins HBP for the 13th time, sets a new single season record.
Everybdy Go Follow Now She Is
burned 149 calories doing 10 minutes of "Elliptical Trainer"
All these young ball players losing their hair.
The Milwaukee Brewers
Whenever i put my hand under the bed to look for something, I'm scared another hand will grab me. :o
since when were you taught grammer
RT : Good point. Isn't plot about aligning characters' story against history...?
Got a nice spam message just now. Said almost nothing except 'Don’t forget who you are & what you’re made of.' Thanks, Spammy.
New York here we come baby!!!
Damn I forgot to charge my Ipod smh..
Thanks for checking in with us this weekend + more!
Join me in taking the #S.T.F.W. Challenge:When presented with info that could possibly be distracting,ask point blank "So The F*** What?"
YES! a couple of kids cited for being in a bar underage. Not even cited for drinking. Way overblown!
erm what did you get into. . captains with me
facebook i hatchoo i really really hatchoo.
Well this is a surprise! Stephen Fry now on stage at #windowsphone London event.
thinkgeek They're not too geeky: July 30 is International Dance Day, & August 5 is International Beer Day. Said the slayer, "Beer foamy."
Is a half a tub of hummus and pita chips an acceptable lunch? How about if I pull the pregnancy card?
Sounds perfect!
The Walter P. Reuther Library of Labor and Urban Affairs has established the #Reutherlib with get one too.
she was about to get I'm a car
You will probably have to email me and explain the point of this. Use small words. And pictures.
yeah, we take out if town guests there. Glad we have great local eateries like that.
T.V. All-Star Game: after 8 innings, Team Warlocks:450 Team Trolls:-700
If You Text Me When You're Bored , I'll Respond When I'm Bored . Lol
#ICantStandPeople that cause drama for no reason
"What audience are we catering to?" said "The universe"
WELL SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE. BEING THAT I GO TO THE GYM ON THE DAILY AND WORK TONS IM NOT AS FLEXIBLE BUT SINCE ITS U...
just earned a #followback lol that and your kinda sexy lol
Updating my first novel "Better Days" manuscript. My Editor's absolute deadline of Mid August before her maturnity leave.
Anytime for my dearest friends!!! :)
lets get it in tonite!!!! slay the hawks!
How am i spendingg my Saturday? Watchingg ALL of 's youtube videos And recordingg themm hehee (:
When I grow up,I want to be a nun
Just thinking how cool it was flyin first class to Europe!That was cool!
Huge thanks to Steve Panos at for all the help and hospitality this afternoon. What a guy!
RT : "Advertising is the tax you pay for being unremarkable." - Robert Stephens of Geek Squad
well, yea but your different now.
is there tech support for ESPN Fantasy Football? Friend cant log in to his team all of a sudden and I cant delete the team
A New "Law" for the Mobile Computing Era
We've got a few new things today at the downtown hillsboro farmers market.
Time for a 30 minute power nap. I am so tired.
Hi all -- Chris Beer, web developer at WGBH;
That wraps up my #FF Follow Friday recommendations...sharing more folks to check out next week!
she had a FEAR OF TRAINS
#1 no coat
Vanderbilt&#39;s starting pitchers starting to find their groove after rough start
I need a buddy in my english class...hm
puppy-sitting an adorable little beagle for the week <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
Manic Panic!!!!!
I like ur song "I'll be waiting"
Yep Lol! :D
Hey Service Industry! Excellent S.I.N. night tonight! Come join us! DJ’s and half off top shelf!
So the girl who plays Marnie on ... Her dad is the the "How to Catch A Predator" host!
thanks sam i am! Miss you!!
no complaints..everything is in place :)~
But did he ever write OMG or LOL? RT : Shakespeare's birthday. He popularized early 14-line variety of tweets called sonnets.
if I get a babysitter
m I want you!
at the breweries it is anyway. by that logic the fall brews will be out shortly after july 4.
They do, but they're certainly not easy to find. We have a few good ones here in Pittsburgh. Does Yelp have a category for this?
Rest in Peace Steve.
started listening to them
I made a whole bunch of new girl friends (; I <3 them! No drama & they keep their shit real!
Dear people please come out tonight to martyrs at midnight to se "The Last Dark Show" it's gonna be awesome!!!
Where is this one?
If businesses had more tacticians and fewer big picture leaders they achieve small victories that make up day to day warefare of commerce.
Yoir not so perfect ypur self
tonight. Beautiful lights and nice ice rink. No ice skaters.
Cheese & rice, Kaner... Can't you just binge drink like a normal 23 yr old with tons of $?! I really hope some of those stories aren't true.
"Use the tool don't be the tool".
New warning label: Quitting cigarettes significantly increases the amount of money you will have for pot
lol that was funny tho. i'll give u that
If you guys had comprehensive docs and guide or a chat room where people answered questions I'd love to use it.
Dads don't give up on protecting your kids from an abusive bio-mom. Explore all legal avenues to care for your kids.
Cavs Are balling hard tonight! Keep it up!
It is difficult to say what is impossible, for the dream of yesterday is the hope of today and the reality of tomorrow. -Robert H. Goddard
yep for my new church. but not as much as i used to.
It's March, #Spring is coming GE8T time for a homemade hand #spa treatment mix olive oil & sugar, rub on hands, gently rinse, moisturize
And it was Ingrid Vidal who put the game in OT for Kansas w/ 3 seconds left, but she was then stoned by A&M keeper Jordan Day in the PKs.
Another appropriations request and approval for recreational sports. Looks like Colorado Springs can "Live it Up"!
When you're interested in something you do it when circumstance permit. When you're committed you accept no excuses only results. - Unknown
Cherish the dat
S/O from the CEO's of Ganksta Enterprize Black Gotti and THE GOD
This last three days I sculpted a little over 60 works. As I hear a gasp from the others, don't worry they where mini sculptures.
Taking shots with Ms.Hewins and Sam in her office ;)
The right guy will tell you you're BEAUTIFUL even when you truly look a mess and will find your WEIRD habits absolutely adorable
250 TEDx organizers from 41 different countries in our audience today! Can't wait to share the #tedxkids story with them!
Hahah. "Normal people." ; )
Face your issues instead of avoiding them, situations & LIFE will be much easier
RT : The One by Foo Fighters
happy birthday! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Way to go El Paso! whose Austin to decide what's in our best interest? Austin continues to tell us we can't serve beer there?
I have to cope on mcdonalds and subway
": Her bollo looks like a pound of uncooked bacon #SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta"
going out tonight...what's new
Coffee, bacon, copper. In that order.
Good to see you this weekend! As always the best hour and a half we spend at the show!
Just gave the last lecture of the semester. Professor Myers OUT.
Me and are gonna start working out every morning starting today so we can look hot and everyone can be jealous!
Thank you :)
I Swear I Just Forget I Even Have Twitter Sometimes Lool
you've been my FF kicker for 5 years; in that time: 2 reg season champs, 2 post season champs... Coincidence? I think not!
ok sure
Don't wait till the last min, call now to book a table @ #NOTTE (414) 517-0024
This thousand frame crane stereo VFX shot just made fun of my backpack & took my lunch money. I'll be speaking to the principal about this.
Gucci needs to come out with a more affordable line....their color spectrum this season is so vibrant & incredibly eye catching. Love.
I'm content right now, there's a nice breeze coming through my room and I'm listening to brand new. Not happy, just content.
2 more days until REVO San Diego folks!!
how and the fuck did you find me lol
#vaumc11 Bishop Whitaker laying down the law! Telling the truth in love!
And we're excited to have you. Let us know if you need any Baltimore food/booze recommendations.
Waiting for MACKEENZIIEE to text me back
“: what's with the Jemima-like commercials for Glory Foods? #PopSouth asks.”--I ask as well. Who's the audience?
I'm sorry I'm such a lost puppy :(
I just finished watching the 1st season of #AmericanHorrorStory! LooooVVEEEE it, especially #JessicaLange! BRAVO!
Mitch you are HILARIOUS! :-P
RT : The Mets have the best winning percentage (32-18, .640) on Opening Day in MLB history.
Just want someone to treat me the way I deserve to love me and be there for me whenever I need them and not lie
My stomach doesn't have a finish line.
Same! I don't eat much during the day but when it's get late I'm just like "FOOD" .-.
birthdays are always the best. especially when you're turning 16
CLOCKWORK TAKEOVER of Tonight!! With
Loving spending time with my husband Todd. We have a wonderful time of TV and just talking with each other. So nice!
RT : RT : T3: All gain from social media engagement on health matters. Better informed patients, physicians...
Damn Jordan Hill caught a case, just when he was starting to hoop
Poolside Drinking. Margarita Rounds.
Chips and Guac are definitely the most addicting thing ever
you made it to 20k!!! Yay!!! Please follow me!!!<333
hmm. i may just have to keep you in the kitchen.
I hate when people make it hard to keep a convo going
What else could it be that makes us act out against evolution in such a strong way if there is no God or some kind of spiritual force?
hey girl text me I lost all my numbers. :(
ill do it tomorrow...
hey....hey...WHAT are u2 up 2...what u guys planning???
I find it hard to believe that anyone alive has crazier dreams then I. Last nights adventure had me in the middle of Wrath of the Titans
despite the obvious tension this whole sitting down business has really lightened up this
Not ready to give up on the #Browns, they are 3-3 in the most competitive division, improvement and effort is all we ask!
FYI friends in 7005, there is a forum to post in for tomorrow! It's a pretty simple assignment though =).
I'm not even looking for fresh kits; be happy with not horrific...
Anyone need an extra ticket to today's 3-6pm Smash Putt?
I recently saw a picture of Georgia O'Keeffe's vagina and I totally get it now.
Well look at the a Disney Cast Member..... and a hottie!!!! Lmao :-)
This nigga baked
Merry Christmas!
Woof sounds tough. I'm not saying it's impossible but it'd be rough for sure.
Having a GREAT week, so far! Hope you guys are too! :)
Ya just saw you on Touch! When you got beat up by Kiefer, did he smell good?
“: The Ohio Bobcats are headed to the Sweet 16 ... Enjoy, ”
#LOVE Distance means so little when someone means so much !
I was being snarky about something a former friend had posted, but it was just my PMS. LOL!!! Sorry you had to see it! :)
Thanks so much Katie!
Need Coffee! Need to rehearse! Love life and wife! Tunie you rock, my love!
South Park Street Pizza Hut serving campus great deals on great Pizza and Wings. twitter.com/ParkStPizzaHut
"When the lives and the rights of children are at stake, there must be no silent witnesses."~Carol Bellamy
I can't trust people that wear one sock inside out one sock right side in
Still waiting for the caffeine to wear off so I can sleep. I think I'm almost there~
Thanks for the
When I work, and in my art, I hold hands with God.
Seems there are no drawbacks...
the wings are the best!
how do we get to place some of our services or products with Groupon?
Bruce Mau: education is now old, slow, boring, expensive
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that it was ok to come out of the closet 2005-2006
#imagine You and Liam just got done kissing for hours, he grabs your face & says, "I don't ask for alot bc with you I have everything."
Day 2 complete! 2 more days of exams :P
Kligman’s Formula fades aging spots – it works! Call 412-681-6400 or email
RT I'd rather stay quiet than explain my problems to people who don't give a fck.
is off to bed knuckle-heads! ;-)
Goddamn. It's no secret but the new record is so fucking awesome
I don't just eat the #p**** I French kiss it, make love to it, cater to it...
Missing while he works and I get ready... but am excited bc I will be seeing him later today & tonight!!!
We be on that Chi-Co ( chi-rado) connect
Thank you both for the kind words. It is much appreciated.
Aye, thank ye sir!
We will have a couple of #NewEdition ticket giveaways coming up this month make sure you
Find a star we can call our own.. <3
good morning twitter friends. time to get it in!
Twitter seems unfollow people all by itself every now and then. I've followed again and maybe you will stay followed this time.
you haven't tweeted yet. Get on it girl!
#YouBelieveHavoc if you think Treyvon was a thug
+1 RT : I hope it'll be a Murray-Djokovic final then, that's another fascinating rivalry that needs more media love. :)
Started a hug wave at the bar
Innovations in fig newton consumption: Place whole cookie in mouth. Wait 10 minutes until cake dissolves. Spit out fruit.
what's "that"?
Walked into a subway to pee and found myself in the middle of a taping for the dr.oz show.
Thank you so much for having me on as guest host tonight! I had a blast, it was just what I needed after the day I had! XOXO
#livegive i love conairs products they work alot better then most
Ran into in DC. Said his name outloud-he turned and looked at me like, "huh?" Even discussed it here later.
I can come Sunday no doubt, and let me know man cause I really need these, it would be awesome
Do it for Bill Hall, Lyle Overbay, Geoff Jenkins, and Royce Clayton!!!!!
This is legit the 3rd time this year I have a friend in the hospital because of an eating disorder.
Hahah my mans in NJ too, BUT his name is Mikey!!
First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU and Wednesday's Child tonight!
Is that a good oh my or a bad oh my?
I wonder when he started smoking weed , cause when I use to drink they thought I was the devil , & I was gone <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>in hell ! Lol
Long time! No big!
Nice meeting and hanging out with you guys and last night at RENDEZVOUS!
Guess I won't be able to see him for months.... :'(
RT : Next week at NMTC Tech Thursday our guests include local App Development star Lisa Abeyta and Northern New Mexico......
But the smoke detector is how one tells when the food is done!
still funny. $1000 story that will last forever. Amortizing it, it's probably some of the best money I've ever spent.
#oomf's sister looks like a dude. Lmao
And I'm so bored with these games
Nice pics! My iPhone ones from the balcony were tiny + blurry. :(
np Rick Ross (Feat. Drake & French Montana) - Stay Schemin
#NP everything AALIYAH....such a loss..beautiful voice...
Joshua Ledet/Jessica Sanchez will be the final 2...they absolutely slay their performances tonight!
This is a great article!
It's a fashion Sunday funday today. #LAFW must be near!
a. playing. Habbo! : D
What is more surprising than Obama openly supporting same sex marriage is Romney assuming he can win while opposing it.
The Perfect Milk Machine: How Big Data Transformed the Dairy Industry
I heard alcohol warms you up too ;)
My punching hand itches.
They nabbed me for a fun filled day of Jury Duty
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Speak Now by :)
: HR 2366, Rep. Barton's Online #Poker Act, reduces #deficit and increases liberty. Please support!
Amazon fired all Colorado affiliates today for new tax law(HB 10-1193). No love for small biz owners from Jeff Bezos or Gov. Ritter. Boo!
THANK YOU for speaking at the Ladies Who Launch Event! Your stories were inspiring and insightful!
sweet! I'll send it to ya shortly. Thanks and I'll let u know when they get here!
What's up?
Lunch Special! Homemade Pulled Pork with Homemade Pickles and Homemade BBQ Sauce and a side of Fries. 7 bucks to fill your guts.
Why are we playing like this?
Mighty blueberry muffins, baked fresh! Come get the biggest muffin in Belltown, probably.
Homework outside !
Oooohhhh I hate those beeping thunder storm warnings. I think its raining perfectly fine. Just leave me to watch Castle.
Lmaoooo RT : blah too much work ill wait till mine breaks
OMG, ATL traffic
Books can be dangerous. The best ones should be labeled "This could change your life." Helen Exley
The grasping one is you. But then, you probably think waterboarding isn't torture, either.
if you want to attract a shit ton of attention, I would suggest purchasing it. lol
yes! so exxitedd!! xo
You were made to be courageous.
okay ill send one right now
I need more sleep -.-
Running down to my room thinking someone is gonna rape me -.-
Relaxing Cotton& Italian Mandarin is 1 of new scents.The scent evokes a vision of
I don't understand the google this morning.
Something Sort Of Disrespectful This Way Comes
EL SHOW NUMERO 50 DE SALSA ES LO QUE HAY!!!! on SATURDAY, January 14, 2012 from 10PM - Midnight!
Thanks for the #FF <3! MT : Follow the givers :)
Eric and John are discussing the Tigers series loss to the Rangers right now. Are the Rangers the best in MLB right now? 248-848-1130.
for the past year and a half I saw he has been working so hard for us. He has gotten SO many more fans and everything. #AustinsGoingFar <U+2665>
We've had over 700 visitors to the Embassy of #Kazakhstan so far!
Man, i just rubbed out a load looking at the pic of your chest! HEAVENS, you're gorgeous!
Amazing show at Long Wong's, thanks to all the bands for great sets and everyone for coming out on a Wed!
2nd this opinion! RT: “: Must be the effect RT : Dodgers off to 6-1 start Best since '81”
right ?!? We actually worked our asses off for this and we eventually got what we wanted but still.
"A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus." - Martin Luther King Jr.
I'll throw some Okie State hitting at your boys.
Are you still dancing? ;-)
well I'm just gonna turn it in tomorrow then
what a, sad start to the, year for Brewers and Philly. Still only may, thank goodness
i agree
It'd be better if you were here! But thank you :)
The Original Kings Of Soul.... Coming Soon.
Amazing to see the last two years of personal learning sketched out in a diagram by a stranger, and watch other strangers nod.
Happy 27th Birthday!!! =D
Rolling through old school #VCR tapes.
That awkward moment when your parents take your joke completely seriously and you end up getting in trouble."
Boorman's 1981 *Excalibur* has not dated well. To put it mildly. But he'll always have *Deliverance.*
re: kinect and sex. like someone's sex? or the activity of sex? explain!
one more test for Agent G
Blazers looking good against the sixers
RT : Inspired by the story and birth of Portland's From Stash Tea, to Tazo Tea, and now Smith Tea...
thanks for fallowing! and 2 things, l LOVE your profile pic and i like your bio lol :)
I still get my milk delivered by horse
no problem(:
Thank you to our underwriters Brickell Irish Pub who are hosting their 3rd Annual St. Patrick's Day Street Festival today!
Kara is pregnant with my child, holllaaaaaa.
Spent $150 @ N 3rd between 3 people. Not sure how that's possible.
It's like #CarFax for gays but it's called Facebook!
he's not
Oh...it's all gone now! Too late!! LOL
Rasmussen is citing himself for that 68% rating their insurance good or excellent figure!
I feel like such a mom chauffeuring my brother back and forth to school, practices, and friends houses
I love taking pictures:)
So this is how college faculty act when they are at a concert. Show some respect assholes
: Thanks for the RT. If you'd be interested in a briefing on the company, let me know at: .
Your \o/ cupcake is awesome.
#4famouswords Love is a battlefield.
It just shows what a failure of girl.
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay "No, thanks I'm not hungry"... I am always hungry!!!
DJ Pauly D project tonight !!:D yeah buddy
Movie in a few with my boyfriend! #moviedates #loveit :)
*** IMPORTANT NOTE *** - I'm merely guessing about Padilla's oboe playing. But it seems right.
Rockin with the reverb artist , the best ARTIST'S in the world and most accurate chart in the world-- IS WHAT SOMEONE SPECIAL TOLD ME !
Excited for an adventurous weekend
...then I came up with another title that I LOVED but after some research realized it was already taken....
I got new hiking boots (; !!! Im so ready for next week !
I think its a great day to bake cookies and listen to old vinyl. but what kind and which LP?
If you've never tried to use "the force" to get a an out-of-reach remote control, you're probably not as lazy as me.
do you torrent? That's how Joe got his last week.
saw the show yesterday. My daughter and I loved it!
Last week for Pumpkin Milkshakes and Smoothies! Starting on #BlackFriday 11/25 we start Egg Nog and Chocolate Peppermint
"For God has appointed me another offspring in place of Abel, whom Cain killed."
Do Siamese twins have to be the same gender? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
#Adele thanked radio programmers for crossing over her record. Enya's Orinoco Flow was like that as well.
Watching Pastor on , with bible open to Deuteronomy 1.."Something is about to happen!"
awesome.. thanks Sami
Going to bubs to watch the #NCAAfinals!!
#IPray That One Day I Will Be Able To Meet and .....One Day It Will Come True, Im Dreaming BIG!!!
Hate doing taxes, LOVE getting that return....new computer, here I come!!!
Follow me to check out my music
Thanks Just registered for April 6 event-great panel discussing how to integrate and leverage new channels to grow their...
Still not feeling that great
1 more work day till TORONTO BABY!
I'm not jealous at all. RT : Dang, lady-you timed your NZ trip just right.
u know chillin out this Mofo. Trying to update this CPU with all the new goodies
Thanks for sharing #FAAW link via
yes we can unlock it.
nah. It's fun.
any tickets for BC fans in Dallas for tomorrow's game?
nah yo, he has PLENTY of time to do that. Good old Boston vs LA rivalry one last time. U can't tell me that wouldnt be dope.
I'm biased - but is there anything cooler on my IPhone than my CDB ringtone? I think not!
Just bought the Obey and Supreme leopard print snapback C:
Happy Birthday to my big brother, William A. J. Ross! I love you!.
I just want a new iTouch. Not offense but after dealing with droid, I need to go back to iOS.
who doesn't love country music? I'm obsessed with it! Of course... I live in TN!! Hehe
Listening to green day all day long. Great throw back jams
um lets have sex
Dear John and The Voice :)
CVS Caremark Reports Record First Quarter Results
Prob the most bad ass thing I've read all day! Thanks! Come hang out while Drew works on my arms next week.
Do the "BFF"s consider Taiwan Jones in 3rd if avail? Unlike consensus, I'm not sold on Gore at this point. O speed welcome.
Writing all day! Now is time for Robin to paint! Love it!
"slow and steady wins the race." "...yeah, but then there's the one where they put him out that night [before the race]." -Prof. Jones
thanks for the plug!
RT : Happy to be part of any group trying to change America's attitudes towards schooling.
feeling better today. yay!
We are afraid to say that we don't live in paradise, but we are still searching. Lord, lead us closer to you and your vision of Paradise.
Ever see "The Night if the Hunter" with Robert Mitchum and Shelley Winters?
go to bed shweets!!
I got a job offer in NY but it's barely enough...I'd be living how I live now....
Finishing up discussion guide with a few interesting scenarios, sure to unlock insights that we're after
I'm using the hip term for hat (cap) because I'm drunk.
actually yes lol stayed in and watched movies
I know. And I want to stay at the hotel also. Hopefully soon!
Getting ready for the Hard Sleeper to Beijing tomorrow. 24 hours on a train. I am sure it will be an adventure. See you later Hong Kong
I was considering submitting a trip report to Backpacker, but I haven't done so before. Any advice?
not much.. you?
Thanks Susi - your pinterest posts have sparked my interest :)
That's great! Can't wait to meet her! :)
haha Jk I'm not THAT mean (:
Thank you very much. I am honored.
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas... May peace & joy fill your hearts
You weren't eating chx b4?
thanks for the love...if you love your pet you want to follow this tweeter!
Thanks & have a good weekend Drew...
aw so happy that you can go all around :) cant wait til june 22<3
Therefore it shouldn’t really matter where you get your calories from
The innovative minds behind just launched "Wine Rack" a social game of wine discovery and learning. Who is in?!
Hi everyone! I remembered two weeks in a row..a new record for me hehehe
THANK YOU #FNCI First Nations Composers Initiative for sponsoring the 2nd #LASKINS #MUSIC FEST #JULY21ST at the #AUTRY #FREE TO THE PUBLIC
The #Yankees and #RedSox are both on pace to lose 162 games this season.
When you put shampoo or conditioner onto your scalp, the 20 blood vessels, 650 sweat glands, and 1,000 nerve endings soak in the toxins.
Make sure to check out one of Walker's Point's newest and tastiest bar/restaurants, ! They are at 704 S 2nd St
free fricken burritos! ya
What's going on with OKC & LA?
never my friend.
I'm sick again UGH MY LIFE.
Thank You Lia for My Random Wednesday Gift! You Rock! Merry Christmas to You and Your Family!
#raw10 U r Ghetto if the term gettin Wet doesnt mean by a water hose bt a cig dipped n PCP.
If you need a Taxi Call 1800TAXICAB ask for Driver 102 :-)
We can make your name say 'Niall's Ho-Ran' (; LOL, so funny<3
greenbelt in BJJ. thank you to .
Please follow >>>>
that good to know
Bummed I missed the opp to send my #Africa photos... Will have to be on the lookout for the next one. Also, beautiful shots!
dj moma going to rip it up again at citrine nyc tonight.
when i see people tweetin songs i be wantin to reply finishing the line
"You are allowed not to know stuff; you are not allowed to know you have a deficit and not do anything about it" on teaching
"Grace suspends all rules" - Bishop Noel Jones
This town shit is crazy. Oakland
Is there an actual book of "Awkward Moments"? seems like a #cool investment. Where can I pick up a copy? ~~~~rich
eeks i still have to read your thesis! totally bailed on my post plan. but you hated it too?
Happy Mothers Day! <3 #appreciation!
Stupid fruity polo on me, no wonder why yo hoes all on me!
who you like winning the finals this year? the heat look too good
RT : RT : For the record: Two Wisconsin Republicans lost their jobs tonight, zero Democrats lost theirs.
#ThankYouFromTexas You helped get me thru a rough year. Especially you Mr.
to start off the day <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I got you, I'll post up the link tomorrow so more people can see it!
Why does everyone always DM to give them a S/O what I'm I the fucking Twitter Rooster
Hate this job.
: lots of possible tasks that all count as "contributing" to #kohails. answer q, write docs, code, sponsor code,etc
Wall Street you are on the clock too.
lmfao. are other schools gon' be there?
“ One week from today is My Prom :)”
is sexy!!
2pac hologram is too cool
I could imagine a bit of lemon in a pale ale...
Its Good, Hows Yours? RT : hows summer break treating my young nigga
Yes I stayed up and had some champagne instead of being on time to the airport. But I'm in love with half of the
The curse of the seagreen uniforms wounds the deepest.
He is free and ok. For a minute there I experienced a fraction of what it must be like to have a loved one in jail and not be able to help t
“: With the Jets out of the running, who do you want to see on "Hard Knocks?"” #Lions or
and you grown u got my number don't put on a show for Twitter u hit me up any other time.
How many time can you use meow in a tweet?
RT : Sometimes you have to restart the conversation when everyone already loves you (the chocolate problem)
lmao jay jay i got a bottle of peach circo if u need it lbs#she furious
"The place to improve the world is first in one's own heart and head and hands." -Robert M. Pirsig
hope you liked the mix? should be posting my wvau mix soon
"they didn't have the imperial stout, which is one of my favorite beers"
A Competitors View Santa Cruz Paddle Fest 2012 - kayaks 2 person
Laura Swenson~ For some life lasts a short while but the memories it holds last forever.
So people are so shady
"you're beautiful" song....ugh annoying fuckin voice...you dont know what to do? because you'll never be with me? Get over it LOL
Who the fuck is messing with my fucking account
"1984" is coming! It'll get here even faster if we let Romney take the White House!!
#idol - Joshua normally doesn't impress me but he did really good with Bruno's song.
I would take green over Perkins too
trying to learn to abide within my moralistic compass
- You are THE BEST!!!
#truestory it happens all the time... Sry boo... #truthhurts... Die kitten Die!?
Rolo's minis that you don't even have to unwrap?? It's OK diabeetus, I didn't need that foot anyway... I have two...
Like What.?
My #feministdream when women are able to define/decide for themselves what's important 2 them
I want some gypsy bread
In that case consider it popped! ;)
You know the West is deep when San Jose, Detroit, Vancouver, and Chicago are all down 3-1 in their first round series. Man.
RT When u work hard u don't need luck! Hard work + opportunity = success.
I guess there's no reason for me to marvel at all this Ron Paul schwag.
bitch you beter follow me hoe you wanna get slap
4 straight hours on ref desk...BRING IT!
Bring it!
Can't sleep. To nervous for tomorrow.
Red sweat shirt. Red sweat pants. Pink toe shoes.
You have to figure out the barriers and risks for your audience
Love is grand; divorce is a hundred grand.'
Still time for Neal or Malkin to get us back into this. #LETSGOPENS One big save or one well placed shot and the #Pens are back alive.
That was a lie
yea sure am, gotta know everything about it.
lmao it was great, rose. And don't cry, ho, I'll try calling you this weekend! <3 and
Sittin' in computer class bored af'. Why am I paying for this class again?
“: Lol I don't have a choice!I'm stuck on the ceiling! Haha but not like I'm complaining ;)” c u 2nite!!
It sucks when your horney and can't do anything about it..
idc what you're tweeting about. Alex isn't cheating on me. Nuff said. :)
SO nice meeting U last night! Can't wait for our girls nite out w
Just spent the evening honoring Ang Lee at the DGA. There is still greatness in our midst!
hes gotta be a better historian than #romney says
After its big weekend in Vegas it can start about 45-60 minutes out of town and continue into the LA area
I was not prepared for bonus hockey so soon. I think I'm gonna change TVs. Really was hoping to be watching buccos by now up 1-0 in series
Here you are :P
“: did you get to hug Chris Young?” yes ma'am I did! Good seeing you tonight! (:
its your b-day today?? Happy day! I hope you have a great one :)
good luck :D and what song are you doing?
You're welcome, thanks for the follow-back
Just watched 'Limitless'. Thank you world for making a movie about
Baseball players>>> football players.
yes I love it! It's so clean and is one of the nicest fitness places I've seen. They even have a 30 min program :)
Hope is protecting the front of the house...Grace has the back. They are mini-aussies.
i have a lot of belly.
IMAGINE YOU WERE ME.....YOU WOULDNT LAST A DAY I GET HARRASSED ALL DAY.....DAMN I KNOW IM BEAUTIFUL
NO! We love you for your dedication to all the fans. :) <3
Hales corners blockbuster is closing.
#evenMVPsgetSTDs I'm in!
I don't know. This Tuesday doesn't seem all that super.
#faceit we all napped after school today
Blake Griffin just shoved Gasol in the back. That is a travesty.
Why do bad things happen to good people?:(
girl yes this is the longest game of phone tag in history. I'm about to say freeze!
Writing at Starbucks while waiting for my car at the shop. Im officially that douche trying to make it. ...Ef that, I'm going on facebook.
I wish you could write in English so we can all understand, LOL. Love ya. Wish we were still on the tour bus. I had a blast.
We all know has secret shirtless pics of that she's not sharing ;)
Lost my camera on #Southwest Airlines flight from ATX to Jax last wk. It has tons of baby pics on it! Praying someone honest turns it in.
“: Hey Ranger fans, ask the Flyers how important game one is.” cc:
Hobby-artsy-crafters, get your stuff in to the Jazz Gallery by Friday for jurying. 'Hobby Fun For Everyone!' premiers the 14th!
Like justin beiber?
The should at least have a viewing party in the atrium for Donald if he makes it to the finale of Dancing With The Stars.
If our tap handles got into a fight, who would win?
Really wish I had a coat today.
My mom's peach cobbler. Lord! You'd have slapped Mother Teresa for a 2nd helping.
he said he didn't have a phone or Facebook?
Hispanic unemployment is at 11.3%. We must use every tool to create GOOD jobs. #HHMChat #Latism via
Thank You Jerry Lewis
It's tine for a game of would you rather. Would you rather saw off your pinky finger, or chew on broken glass for 15 minutes?
Yeah that's logical reasoning. Cincy does run the ball like 35 times a game though
"Happy birthday Jill" who's Jill? #HappySweet16Austy should be trending
“from their frozen urns, mute springs Pour out the rivers gradual tide… wintry winds! my ear Has grown familiar with your song”Longfellow
"Oh I wanna dance with somebody. I wanna feel the heat with somebody. Yeah I wanna dance with somebody. With somebody who loves me."
Second that RT love reading the #hfchat such good advice from some awesome industries and people.
Then u would luv Blush Formals! :-) Hope u check us out for the best in fashion & shoes! Tks for the follow! Enjoy!!!
my girlfriend
big night...gotta come out of the woodwork
All my new followers.. Whats good? get at me bout whatever...yup.
I don't fuck with broke bitches nor niggas
The changes in the NY skyline have been astounding.
“Accept who you are; and revel in it.”<U+2015> Mitch Albom.
fuck dat, u bet not miss another game
what u doing?
When you love a song, but then after hearing it on the radio 8765231264334345 times you're just like -______-
thanks for sharing that Budweiser ad. It still brings tears to my eyes.
shout out to my sister for getting the most expensive shit to eat
to everyone who wants to start rumors about me I stick my middle finger up to you!
Freezing our booties off on the patio. Gonna have to cut the night early. :/
Amen. Preach it, brotha! People need to spend some time on a trampoline or something. (:
My man just got one of his tracks featured on Chyeaaaa boiiii!
That would be to cute;)RT : She's gotta represent! I need to decide which jersey to get her ;o)
You're welcome and thanks!
Just downloaded Props on my Kindle Fire so I can watch be amazing a million times in a row.
Haha! Haven't checked emails yet. Too busy trying to pull out a #RespectTip instead ;)
Going to bed.
": Do not blare evanesance in caledonia #blarecountry"...hell to the yes!!!
yea and because I love it out there
yah I see u
If you want to burn fat, decrease belly fat,improve mood & tighten the body (it is the only way to do this)...WEIGHT TRAIN
WHAT? NO WAY sister! You are talking at TED! We're counting on you. no pressure...
Jordan Hill beating these niggas up like he did his wifey
These warm days tempt me...
Let's go ahead and stop freaking out about the small things.
yes. doing great today. thx
you know whats wierd your ex boyfriend cares about you again and wants to become friends again O.o im a lil freaked out!!!
“: I care too much about other people feelings”
Yeah but only for a few seconds. After she was done she was smiling.
Excited after a great weekend!!!
You're welcome, it was no problem!
Humor can alter any situation and help us cope at the very instant we are laughing
yeah it's gonna be my new ringtone
what's NAPA think about A policy on public access--to journals, for example?
RANDOM STATIS UPDATE: Be weird, it smells funny! Have a weird day.
i get off at 4 bitch
me too haha
I hope you're feeling better :)
Just realized I've got to fit these barcode scanners in my suitcase too. So much for packing any clothes...
The way I miss Joey >>>
Actor thinks of causes. Director thinks of results. After take, after take... Value of the causes.
hahah:) can you Please get everyone but Nate to stop calling me that!!;p I only allow u two!!:p
#Lifeclasses. TD Jakes is awesome. Such wisdom. What a fabulous preacher
I saw a bit of news coverage on it because of Romney's presence there. How did you like what he had to say?
Check out 's "iPads in Education" site for some great iPad ideas and networking opportunities with other iPad educators!...
I'm wondering the same thing.
HAHAHAHAHH, with speedy.
Milwaukee's Best! Go Brew Crew #BeastMode #RattleTheSnakes #Polish for the win!
such a cute dog. What is his name?
Today's going to be an awesome day. Happy MLK Day, folks. Be of service today!
I taught Sasha that when I saw him at the Parma Giant Eagle a couple of years ago. Go #Cavs!
I've heard some really great things about the P90X Workout.....and I've heard it from women! Who else has tried it?
Great poets, all.
Happy UK kicking ass day everyone!
bottomline we admire those in celebrity status but we dont know what they go thru....inner demons just like everyone
Did anyone see Steph Curry's 360 spin lay-up?
bring some fun activities for booth 9 today. were going to need it
agree but increased efficiency of turbines, cheap Chinese product and financing will open new opps
When the babe due? Matter of fact when you get knocked up?
I am fully aware of some people that you don't like
oh kool..ima start writing the record...probably send you the hk and riff it up at that time.cuz I wanna spit to the riff to dig?
On at 9pm, what MA Republican Party has to say about Lt. Gov. crash findings. And we talk to a sleep expert about driving drowsy
Do you check out parlors beforehand to make sure they're clean?
nope you in town? and I are eating then heading to None though to catch up w some ppl meet us too?
hey, i left some crap on scott's desk, if you're still there, can you set it aside for me?
Thanks so much let me know if you need any info, are you coming to the show?
it should be a tough battle tonight. Go Spurs Go!!
word. Good times.
Watching Gods and Generals. Stephen Lang: two different characters, same story?
now you're on my level! Goml no more
Sunlight on chrome, the blur of the landscape, every nerve aware!
Well it's believable because you look like you'd be a male cat lady.
Thanks man!
#ObamaBookTitles: The Bible (As edited by a superior author, of course)
agreed. everyone on that list that i need to see i'll get to experience at ;)
I see you replied to everyone and their brother last night except me! You always choose to do it at 3 a.m. here -___-
Kinda cool to hear the diversity of ur audience with each topic.
hahahahaha alright my goal has been completed then ...... I still don't get this trippy word ! Use it in a sentence?
“ How many times has instincts let us down? Never to be thought through, never to be questioned.”
Don & Dawn. They're cops.
please notice me!!! I love you so much and I cant wait till your album! :) <3
I wish i was a good girlfriend.
new album #GoGetIt coming in May! RT : Its HOT!!! When does the album drop?
My coffee tastes like soap
PickUpLine: Hi. My name is Horny Bush. I'll be your play toy tonight.
you're SO CLOSE! Yay!!!
I decided I wasn't going to come down. I was going to fly. I was going to stay up in the air forever. Jesse Owens
ONE MILLION free sample including shipping of Manna360 to be unleashed in the next 90 days! Build a business on us! Call me 760-809-8575
Focusing on what I am thinking and feeling. Do I want these thoughts and feelings? Then I can change them.
Ryan says 80% of businesses in US file taxes as individuals. That can't be true right? Got any references to refute this?
Who here wants to come chill and listen/play music?
thanks puto! Love u so much.
Kiahnna is a bitch today
Thanks bro! Me too! Happy Easter!
anytime! we love your energy at the studio + boutique!
Or I'll get a two piece and biscuit from Popeyes, respectively.
O god I love my icon so much <3 :D
We would like to thank Mulhern-Advertising New Mexico for all of the advertising work she has done for us!
Mirrors don't lie. Lucky for you, they can't laugh either.”
Don't Ever Tell Me What To Do... When You Don't Do Sh*t!!!
I just needed time to do what i had to do
Yes! Laser Hair Removal for Men's Back of Neck is $39 a session. Call 818.507.0909 for details to schedule an appointment!
What self-respecting grown woman would ever be on a tv show that shows her being horrifically bullied by another grown woman?
obviously. who did you go with?
k I'm around most of tmw and Friday. Just let me know what you're up to :)
That phone call was just what I didn't want ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Oh, Vatican & Penn State, when will u learn that putting the welfare of an institution over the welfare of children only makes matters worse
I SAID HAPPY BIRTHDAYY
FMI2012 Video: Interview With Fred Morganthall
your point????
Heading to Titletown! Merry Christmas and let's go Pack!
I see twitter more important I guess..still ain't get no txt
I am learning French. Is that true ''Je suis fan de Justin Bieber'' ???
Brons a punk too.
Foreverfly is so fly......How fly is it?????
Fresh Prince of Pel Air
I really dunno much but shit I know a secret.
So Happy My Philip Made It to the Final 2!! :):)
Thanks to the retweets
Time to #THUNDERUP !!!
Even a night out won't take my mind off him. *sighs*.
I got that shit bad its a habit
I've got 6 "pending" orders that have been that way for hours. Can't help but think I've lost orders due to today's problems.
What a great #grizzgala auction last night! Thanks to all who attended & supported student scholarships! OU alums and friends rock!
follow them :P
I am like a Z list celebrity.. LMAO
Get off my &#%@* thanks so much
Let's make it official: is our favorite shopping related twitter spambot (because it tweeted us for mentioning GameStop)
#AustinWonNBT! We love you ! Were one big #MahomieFamily (:
Thank you! It's insulting.
I am! Nancy is doing well! We could be sisters!
": thx for following Jacqueline! Backatcha!" you too! Have a great weekend!
“Limitations live only in our minds. But if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless.” - Jamie Paolinetti
Me too. Just take me back to Europe in general!
thanks for spreading the word!
selena gomez's winter wonderland cover is pretty awesome!! gonna be my fav christmas song this year.. happy early holidays haha
dang we thought about booking there, but it was pretty far out of the way.
ugh part of me knows that Game of Thrones will *eventually* be canceled before they're able to tell the whole story [via the books]
I will get my chance one day
hey andrew follow back? :D
Had the best time today !
Omg I'm getting a heart attack
RT : Ate nothing but nuts and candy all day. In hindsight, ugh.
Santorum's describing the scene in the Steubenville, OH high school gym for folks at home. It's not radio, boyo.
Cleveland Browns - Trent Richardson
23 is my number for basketball!
Why do I have to go to the shadiest back alleys of the internet to get an offline installer of a specific JRE?
Happy Mothers Day to all mothers. I have been blessed to have a great mom, and to have a wife who is a great mom!
RIP Levon Helm. listening to The Band the rest of the night #NP I shall be released
Favorite line in today's email: "those who think that their mom or the “Latte Fairy” is out there picking up cups & trash."
Just got back down to my apartment from my friends house...
u win
if you call yourself a directioner, and go give Ali death threats, you are a shame on our fan base.
And some *mild* alcoholism...*cough*
RT : RT : #ShitNobodySays RT : A nature trail would be so live right now.
#wordplay-o-d-day: ADMISSION: marketing strategy.
Wow so that makes it OK for you to do the same? Nice reasoning if you're an 8 year old on the playground..SMH
"In the night the stormy night away she'd fly and dreams of Para-para-paradise Para-para-paradise Para-para-paradise".
Thank you! (:
Im getting so anxious! Ur tweets are getting me too excited! :) x
would you like to elaborate on that? We always welcome outside contributors in the opinion section.
this fight cracking.
there's going ot be one photo from me (emily) and one from my co-owner issy
Oh whatever comes our way, and you???RT : What are you boys up to this weekend?
of course!
Happy happy holidays to all of you in our twitter network.
you're stupid
Omg why is my son on my computer going through my I Tunes already this morning! He has the volume all the way up to...lol
I respect that opinion, but you shouldn't make her feel bad about herself. You wouldn't want someone to call you that.
Happy Birthday lovechild
Seeing Low last night was awesome, such a cool performance
great until I played football with the kids in the neighborhood and I was slammed into the tarmac on my left shoulder! Help.
I found out today@ starbucks that David Bowie is considerd 'contemperary grind'... new question.. 'what is contemperary grind?!'
my bad man I didn't even see u added me
Bye Bye Google+ and LinkedIn ! I've decided to limit my social networks to Facebook and Twitter
"All Dogs Go to Heaven" is on at 's. This is more fucked up than I remember.
RT : We need to be better at loving than we are at denouncing.
RT : This week on #MotoChat we're talking about protective riding gear. Join us Wednesday, April 4 at 1 pm Pacific Time.
Any Major Entertainbment News or Gossip Stories on Monday people are discussing Online?
I'd volunteer if I were there...
My sister's weekend visit wore me out! Non-stop fun and now I'm ready to crash.
The Polecats were really very under-appreciated!
going to be making some killer music this weekend. me and Komplete are now good friends. no sleep this weekend.
"Have an issue? Please dial at your convenience 1-800-Kiss-My-Ass."
AM yoga, quiet email, lunch outside w/ &
In the neighborhood! | RT : Trivia at The Foundry tonight, North Park. No buy in, just having fun!
I do have to say I love the state I live in
Sat. night's wine dinner went well. Fabulous four-course meal + #Bordeaux wines= Ultimate Dinning Experience
“What trimester is the Bruins game in?”
Choosing not to choose is also a choice.....
Getting faded >>>>>
Isn't everything? o.O
We are never horribly loud and obnoxious. Ever. ;)
Working and going to school is not easy, but as the cliché goes, nothing worth anything in life is easy.
Was pretty impressed with Google visit. Place is just like a university campus...but with free food ;o)
you wanted to get raped walking home didn't you?
Out at dinner with an old friend. The word #Hiverworld has come up repeatedly.
did you favorite it?
Website updated. Las Vegas get your driveways cleaned. $95 for a 2-car driveway. vegaspressurewashing.com
I'll sink ur ship!!! U r too busy raping ur woman that u forgot I already took u out first!!! Lmfao ;D
Very cool, thanks OurStage!
Wanna be ALESSA? send us a rad pic of yourself and we'll choose some for our flyers!
Facebooking my Mom during Chapter, because it's just one of those days.
Study: Content marketing influences electronics and retail shoppers with smartphones at point of purchase
Phillip Phillip << this kid... I want him to win so bad I can't even like, ohmygod I just cant. he's so damn good, its unbelievable.
made me ignore my soreness nd get up I hurt SO fucking bad -__-
Thu Sept 29th Pit 14003 Beach Blvd Dont Cry Its Friday A Danger To Myself Say What You Will Midnight Sun Siesta Fiesta $10 Doors 6pm
Thank you Mrs. Terry Cabrera for allowing us to set up your network! great schools.org/NC/GSO/preschools/A-Childs-Dream
- twitter is our friend, so be nice :-)
This what Flacco asked for! Make it happen!!
Pandora radio comedy is the best!
yes it would! lol
Dick riding :-(
I'm the Rodney Dangerfield of radio. Ha! RT :
Anyone else been having issues with their iPhone 4? Keep getting text blasted/unable to make phone calls without restart/miss calls randomly
how did I miss that? You disappeared before got there!
She look like Dr. Seuss!!! Bitch step yo game up!!
yeah, I rock for an old dudette.
Man held on perjury charges in Mass. student death
#ItsInsaneHow a year in grammar school seemed like forever and now I want everything to slow down
can't wait 4 #xmas :D
Awh man again! You just need to hunt these boys down girl! That's what I am doing! Hahahaha! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I am so glad I got that Subway gift certificate cuz yeah. Everywhere!
MADONNA WAS GREAT TOOK ME BACK TO THE 90'S SHE IS THE ORIGINAL LADY GAGA
Massive dry cleaning discount for Martinizing Dry Cleaners on www.crowdclick.com - over 50% off!!!
Where do I acquire taste buds that can tolerate coffee? #gross #butimsleepy <U+2615><U+2615><U+2615><U+2615>
Why does Rosemary have to snore though?
For part time," after he told them he's a part-time model. Thanks to Why Dominic got the name PT
another AWESOME event last night. Very informative. Glad Thunder Media showed
Thanks for the follow captain social media! :)
#WeWontWorkoutIf u think u can change who i am........dnt even try :-)
Just listened to Kay Turner's amazing presentation on Mexican-American and Italian-American Catholic women's home altars.
I love that lists "For Keeps" in her bio. Love that movie.
Can you listen ?? <U+2665>
Who has fuckin' instagram and wants to follow me on yet ANOTHER social network? If so my instagram name is: itsceceg
What a waste!!!
I love sleepin in on Saturdays and I love college football games.....
A 15 year old girl who is terminal with cancer has made a bucket list. One of her wishes is to trend on Twitter. Give a RT
dropped tub of shimmering eyeshadow in the car, I'm now covered in a gold shimmery glow emanating from my crotch...
Does anyone else think that "hit me up" sounds really violent? How about just an innocuous phone call?
Yeah, good luck! You'll do fine!
I can easily make a million in the streets.
Every genius has to be some form of crazy in order to believe what no one else sees
Home alone :(
I ain't got time to ease your mind, I'm on some other shit
Thanks to have a great week!
I'm sorry, Kelly Osbourne, but I can't take your fashion opinion seriously when your hair looks like an old lady's gray-gone-purple dye job!
All that glitters is not gold.
holy shit im bored
“: Thanks for the heads up! We'll get that changed. Good luck #BFGTourney!”
i got through that sentence like a subject and a predicate
Absolutely honored and humbled to have my name on this list ...
Doing software upgrades today... Installing Stylus RMX today and finally getting Logic 9 going
On to Plan B for our #OneforOne. Hold on to your seat folks, things are about to get mighty fancy! Give us a RT if you're onboard with us!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you step on my kicks.
It's Friday! Back to bed, I close tonight
I take that bacc about drinking & smoking. That clearly wouldn't fix the mourning im doing...n besides i never been a drunk noway
I'd be curious to see your best effort. I've come to doubt that a non-anti-liberal one is possible.
Listening to Rollins "get in the van" in the van on tour.
Jealous of my friends who are at #SXSW friends this week. Check out the food trucks while you're down there for me. :)
jealousy is just love and hate at the same time.
I watch way too much HGTV!
Special Prosecutor: WE GET IT.. YOUR JOB IS HARD.
lol....tragic...i have 3 girls...my 2nd daughter & butta son is a day apart...
Here were go again ....
My lil niece graduation is today man I'm so happy for her
Haha, it happens. Hope everythang good with ya!
Have YOU skated the rad half-pipe ? When was the last time skatingboarding was allowed IN a museum?
I have this strange urge to photoshop Londo's hair onto your pic. Good thing I'm lazy.
Sad you lack self respect, respect for "friends" and common sense. Oh & a life. No one wants to be around u.
Good Morning! Happy Tuesday :) !!!
Today & Tomorrow are your last days to take advantage of our 50% OFF Green Tags! This Friday our orange tagged items will be 50% off!
Take that in, girl. It's all for you.
Need to get to tioga to play my rich lil piggys <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
- yes. Share drives are folders on the network. connect.sf.edu is the web-based intranet.
I apologize, I hate when Bread Co gets over run by frat boys
reifying stereotypes. But social ills are everywhere and I feel we have to address them head-on. how else can we expect (cont)
The longer the #Rangers season lasts, the worse the scores will be on #Marist final exams.
": You need to keep your #Sagittarius partner from getting bored! For boredom kills their soul."
Thanks to our new followers!
somebody stole my birthday car.
There's so many two faced people.... I honestly can't.
you guys are freaking awesome!! <3 thank you!
how is that number broken down by gender?
- It was great to see you at the Fancy Food Winter Show. We love Cinnamon Crunch Somersaults!
Skechers got fined $40 million for false advertisements saying that Shape Ups make you get a fat ass
ratchet kids
Apparently so. Science/Engineering center going there. Our offices being moved to small house in a parking lot.
Chipotle. Movie. Shit. Now all I need is a beer or two.
followed. :D
That's hilarious...would the listeners think a show w/just me and Markus was actually one person?
this year has beat the shit out of me
Holy knees
always have 3 tabs open: twitter, facebook, and youtube.
Just don't understand some people! Celebrate in a peaceful manner
Very Cool Globe University - La Crosse!
great job!
After trying to learn how to surf for 5 hours today, I'm exhausted. I can get up though! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
The mall at the Aria is pretty.. hahaha Store heaven :)
Cool. Well we are launching soon and will be hosting charity events once a month the rest of the year. Would like to recruit u
Didnt you tweet pretty sure you did . But Ok and i got someone so I'm cool on the jealousy shit .
also evil! - the dirty W that is! Haha love you though. You know that. Please come visit. Miss you. Love you. Xo
will have to wait a little longer. i am just a fan, like you, but hear things frpm fan's who similarly like me follow her
Hahaha Ahh the worst. Drink a glass of water with a napkin over the top. Aka drink through the paper!
“Be yourself. Above all, let who you are, what you are, what you believe, shine through every sentence you write, every piece you finish.”
after seeing the new smart phones, I am afraid mine is reading on a preschool level
Amy Lee needs to get over the fact that she's a female singer
#sotellmewhy Erykah Badu's fashion and style is reminiscent of the Late Nina Simone
Amazing to meet & talk to Gen Wes Clark, Sen John Kerry, Wolf Blitzer & Hillary Clinton at the Woodrow Wilson reception this evening
Glaad Media Awards with Randy Meyer
My timeline is filled with your GIFs, you must really love gifboom, huh? hahaha.
At Miami Children Museum for International Rescue Comity event for children refugees with who is doing an amazing job w IRC.
tell me about it! everytime i look at the map I can't believe the numbers.
I very much agree, and I'm sure they could've found a qualified native to take the position.
Thanks for the great presentation!
That's right! How could I. It was, after all, the beginning of the End of Days. Or, you know, aliens.
Thanks for the #FF mention!
awesome!! do we want lawn or actual seats? there is a $6 dollar difference. have either of you been before?
Do The Pacers even have fans?!
Putting together a holiday party tray, adding a few Christmas tree branches for flair!
yo you got any Ramen boom suggestions ? Is there ANY possible way to get a copy of that Ramen issue?
Do not follow the ideas of others, but learn to listen to the voice within yourself. ~ Zen Master Dogen
goodmorning too you too! how u doing?
Thank you!! RT : Keep up the good work Matt &lt;3 I hope you get far, you deserve it :)
: Do u know a home cook who makes great Cuban-style fried chicken? If so, email us at
Excited about launching !
haha! Second episode isnt nearly as shocking as the first.
Sounds awesome!! Any candles?? I love burning candles!!
Just had the Taylor Gang/Runt Gang session =_= Bom Bay got the wave right. #DenverTurnUp we got chu!!!!
captain planet decoder ring = circles indicate Dallas is a small world and "o" = we some freaks lol
They said they need an MRI before they say anything. Seeing as how he was able to put some pressure on it I hope it's not bad
win a ring Homie I'm done.
where are you working?
BIG thanks to Leaders Led for their special performance during our monthly S event at Club Bohemia downstairs in the Cantab Lounge.
okcupid is for serial murders! for the record i have good skin.....
So Tired :l
Can you all recommend me Argentinian writers and/or stories about buenos aires? Merci!
wow, that's amazing! Well done!
Really nice to lay down with my gf again
There are these annoying sixth graders at my school who think they know everything about 1D. They were saying how niall is ugly. Grrrrr
Take heart in a new day—and the day may very well return the favor by supplying you with your heart's desires
Ha--i JUST emailed you to ask how excited you were for tomorrow!
Hot wheels have nothing to do with cars - Vancouver Sun
If you were not in a band what would you be doing?
Anytime! You look beautiful!!
yeah thats it but whatever it is you're not back how you don't like sweet potato !! please tell you you like sweet potato pie
#FF Peeps I plan to kick it with in LA
oh shit. No. But thanks for reminding me I'll check I out now
Can't say the revs havn't started better today...
Having an argument with your mum is probably the worst thing in the world.
Funny. They released singing 'Pour Some Sugar on Me' to radio today to promote the 'Rock of Ages' movie.
Success…seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes, but they don’t quit. Conrad Hilton
|_+.-! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
Oh yeah, it's garage drinking season again
Need to make it to the light at the end and have u standing there.
I love the stats guy!
it is what it is and thats it
my band rulez duh
NLD Fun Fact of the Day: If one was to weigh all of the land animals of the earth, 10% of that mass would be ants
ha! gotta love harm reduction. every day is a work of creative nonfiction. enjoy a carnal night!
877- cash now
I see you are tweeting! Love it! So what is this about being able to use your cellphone in the subway. The whole system?
I do it for the drugs.
Was that a joke.? RT : I thought I saw today at Meijer, but it was a girl with purple hair lol
RT : The Facebook & Entertainment PR panel is PACKED. Lots of opinions on , runaway fans, and that darn Netflix email
hey (; you should follow me, love!
NYSCHAP reviewed this week - we're awaiting the report. We'll post when complete.
Me and my BFFE (best friend for eternity) look up to bella thorne and zendaya colmen so much they are amazing people!
Just found out my great grandfather played the SAW... and my dad still HAS his custom-made saw, with custom-made case... #boyohboy!!
RICE is in full effect. And you're welcome.
Hal Borko, a pioneer in information retrieval and indexing languages, has passed on, aged 90, fittingly at Passover. He will be missed.
Everyone pick someone to fight on Twitter right now. Lets Go!
If you dont trust your own mind den why trust the next one
Ice for 20 minutes, heat for 20 minutes, repeat.
I am le tired...
We have our up & down but we will never be apart
thank god I waited to text my #doghouse selection. Now I have nothing to say. Both my #bigredmachines came through tonight!
Happy Venereal Disease day!
Bored, gonna go swimming.
Friends don't let friends drunk txt...but since I'm not ya friend, let me help u wit that!
not another casting website.
Having post concert depression from a concert 2 years ago is totally normal
Last night I heard the rain outside my window and wished I were camping again, listening to the raindrops fall on my tent.
My dearest Steven whom I've loved for 35 yrs....all I want is you to be happy. May all your dreams come true with Erin! <U+2665> <U+2665>
Yep! :) She'd be a beautiful mom, I just know it!!!! That's good my man. Didn't have too much fun did ya? ; /
You know it. I'm hearing, each follower = free parking at the Hilton.
It's 2011 and it time for me to reinvent myself. Checkout my music page and watch out there is more to come more to come.
Buying a new toothbrush is always an exciting and wondrous venture for me.
So sick, but thankful for taking care of me!
Soliciting customer feedback at no cost and with great ease is one example of success for banks on Facebook.
lmao yea for real go sell some shoes
lol, glad it's memorable
Have a great trip. Safe travels.
She said I don't spend time like I really should, she said she don't know me... Anymore!
Ready, set, Friday!
is it raining in ohio?
people in the 50's found it necessary to own a chrome plated cake carrier. wow.
Yes I believe I have. But I cant think of an example at the moment
i wouldn't mind taking a keyblade to judge frollo. i bet there would be bell ringing puzzles too. it would be pretty awesome
Love you
That's one of the best ideas I've heard all day.
"In 21st century American politics, diversity is destiny," said at #AllPeoples MLK brkfst.
wow they dont even mention 'Curly' I've seen many stories where Pop & Mr.Weatherbee compare old hair stories & he gets called Curly
not currently :( I'm on tour :)
Happy 125th to Occidental!
Popovich v. Del Negro might be the biggest coaching mismatch ever RT Can't wait for Spurs to give it to "Lob City"
Don't be so serious. Everything does not mean something. RT : ... tell your 20 yr old self one thing ...
I thought that rain would be starting any minute, but nailed it at 50 minutes out.
Question is: what city are you guys from and what's your dream vacation spot or place you really want to visit!? GO!!
I haven't done the paraffin dip. It's good?
I'm pretty sure is stalking me. I've seen her twice in Jonesboro today.
60% FB users use it to network with close friends (Chinese wording of original item); 50% of them play games on FB (2)
Mitt Romney bullies a gay kid and it'll be forgotten by Tuesday.
Absolutely! At just under 4 mos. old, I'd hate to think she was that smart. :>)
you two know each other?!?!?!?! O_O
RT : I cannot believe I'm watching the 4th qtr of Game 7 unfold with ZBo on the bench
Like when they say that Devs r better than the Rangers?RT : I know when people are lying, I read people way too well
At least he said "people like me". Let's face it, none of the guys we vote for are like us.
that promo was hella clean! Very impressed...but not surprised ha!
Love is an ideal thing, marriage is a real thing. A confusion of the real with the ideal never goes unpunished. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
Great week so far! Fast paced for sure. Contracts, contracts and more contracts! Now off to a company outing in
I'm just hoping it's gone before Saturday.... -_-
I like it!!
why you upset?
awww... i knew that but i never really thought it was true, I miss Angel. #RipAngel she is in our Hearts <3
put he bread up
It's Fun @ Work Day! Banging your head against a wall burns 150 calories an hour.<---Not recommended. :) TGIF & have a great weekend! :)
Today is one of those days that I really need to use deodorant!! whew!
that picture was hot. She's sexy
Why is it so difficult to land a job in music and radio, when you have already been in the biz...
Just got Crispy at the Barbershop feeling gud ;)
Please stop our booth @ the #RV show in St Louis this weekend see Brian & enter to win a free Kindle Fire!
you probably weren't eating that much sugar... so likely won't feel that much different. I've been craving ice cream now.
don't let your network infrastructure get robbed. Let Lithium Networks secure your data.
“Style is the perfection of a point of view.” -Richard Eberhart
Maybe you needed fulfillment in your extremities.
"Reckless" by Andrew Gross, New York Times best-seller for only .99 on Kindle, just for a few more days. RT
That's always good. I'm shy by nature so for me, it's a bit of a struggle.
Fair enough.
We'll be sending out corporate sponsor emails all week! Let us know if you would like one or know someone that would!
go kings!!
Thecal Sac's RULE!
If i can make it here i can make it ANYWHERE I MEAN WHEREEVER
Girl! Talking about some I'm not eating my girl pussy everyone we have sex. o_O Wtf are you doing then?
I HATE you and your new interface!
That very much sums up how I felt about STONER. Just a truly remarkable novel
Oak Creek cops on scene @ I-94 & Ryan reporting fire is out
Hahahaha": its not a concert until 2 guys sing into 1 microphone"
Sounds nice. Have fun. Maybe Grace will go barefoot too ;)
At least the weekends here <U+E057><U+E415><U+E057><U+E415><U+E057><U+E415> ... Is it me or did this week go by fast
Watching the craziness of in Allentown, PA. You got to see this!
Watch our stimulus discussion w/ , & on C-SPAN's Sunday at 10:45am EST
Ever wonder what's REALLY in Robin Williams' head? Just how many people live up there? How often do they replace the furniture?
Gotta Hang Over Like too Much Vodka
alright take it easy Henry lighten up lets not go out like a couple staggering mooks
Casa de Pico: Happy To Be Part of East County's Beauty and Culture...www.casadepicoblog.com
The Eskimo has fifty-two names for snow because it is important to him; there ought to be as many for love. ~Margaret Atwood
How do I reach someone in membership? The website lists two bad addresses: and .
Compliments can be addicting! I luv hearing them. gd article
Forgive all the pimping lately, but there's a few things coming out I'm excited about.
2 more hours for my Birthday
Re: Dropout Factories Must End- Who/Where is the "Occupy" MOVEMENT for this constituency?
What is the number one deciding factor that makes you buy a ticket to a theatrical show?
The whole "everything is bigger in Texas" doesn't really apply to... Oh never mind. Knock yourselves out.
Buenos Dias !!!! Good morning !!
“: Did Pau Gasol's girlfriend break up with him again?
(continued)...In the evolution of the art world. Have a grand day artists
Ratchet Chicks Stay
guys look at that. you guys.
#3d tablets and lenticular screen solutions
there's talk of squashing beef with 50 is that true?
it stopped infront of you lol I get off at cesar Chavez by la placiya olvera
I don't watch television. I have a fireplace.
Poll: Who among my tweeps would be very disappointed if I didn't post a new Friday 80s Flashback today?
HOLY GOODNESS<3 AH!!!! IM DEFS GOIN TO SEE U!
Does anyone dance to the Education Connection commercial? LOL
Mitt Romney in 2012 is reminding me a lot of John Kerry in 2004 . . .
Windy City Wedding Show still has booths available. 500 brides pre-registered so far. Don't miss this show.
just saw your other tweet. So lucky
And im VERY uncomfortable right now , which is
tonight I bid farewell to my 20s... ick. Not ready to be a grown up.
hope to catch you guys on aaron.tv sometime!
They were looking for Tebow in the row in front of him.
You're welcome. Enjoy the weekend.
dude it wasn't me it was another douchesicle. Lol
You have to accept the fact that some people will never fit into your life, no matter how much u want them to.
Great thing about being single? Being free to enjoy minute dinner plans w/your friends like :)
well thanks :) .....i giggled so much.
Haha, I will. I'm just mad.
that would explain why she uses a different acct to bash you....
YOU FAIL HARRY!!! Lol
A woman's perfume tells more about her than her handwriting. Christian Dior
thanks! Im glad u like it
Hope everyone is having fun on this hot day in Georgia!
meeting up with you! ;) right outside the hall?
Disappointed in the logo/color scheme. If we don't get back dwill I might have to jump ship...
thank you!
Im bored
Adam looked like Prince Charming someone I would love to dance the night away with
good plays for sure, I've also been a dmb listener for many albums over the years.
. to : Elected officials privilege #Facebook (Boehner) - need media to be more critical.
my wife, , is a huge #nerd (but i wouldn't have her any other way)
Happy to my love , here's to many more.
MT T1 Womens Health is also ab health activities that promote prevention, awareness & health practices for females.
Jesus told people to sell what they have and give to the poor. 'Prosperity' theology says 'God' wants to bless us with riches.
I'm totally tired, I finished homework at 9:00 pm a Hey Paoo or whatever would make me go to sleep!:]<U+2661>11
#LAMHarvard THickerson: they run alongside each other --not either/or. Digital lets us expand access and content.
it would be amazing if i could get some followers :(
I post pics daily on instagram. Follow me
Almost had a heart attack- woke up and thought it was Monday morning, smh.
New Fueled By Ramen Band Announced Today!
Best way to be super productive: #Spotify, I think I listen to music like 7.5 hours everyday (not during lunch)
hi im mikaela :D u probably get a lot of these messages/ tweets(idk loll) but can u follow me?
Hug for you. RT : I hate to admit this but I can't live without you guys
Rob Estes was great last night. I know I'm not the only dude who watched Silk Stalkings and wanted someone to call Sam!
#ThingsThatDontGoTogether a good time and the police
#AUSTREAM tomorrow! Don't miss out guys! <3
Converting it to veggie power on Thursday.
Do you have clients that you help with loans?
Vacay over :-( I95 between JAX and GA line so slow w/no obvious reason. Only 650 miles to go!
I'll see if I can buy them but could you drive because my dad is working
oh ok haha :)
Thanks, Ernest! Yeah, Vanessa Macias rocks on The Amazing Race. Way 2 represent SA!
We're performing Handel's "Jephtha" (Judges 11) on 3/13. Would u like tix for a listener giveaway? Send a msg or call us.
Love the sync with iTunes - especially since I have a lot of TV episodes. A little pricey for movie rentals, but good quality.
: Mobile best practice - QR everything. Cater to on-the-go mentality and no-typing mindset
have you looked for the trigger, is it school or something that you're surprising
2 of the many great things I can do now it's Easter holidays listen to as loud as I want<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> and watch TBP videos over'n'over<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Everyone has that "Fuck Off" moment with their parents
": are your boys gonna pull it off tonight?!" Absolutely. 20 to 10 Giants. It could be more of a blowout!
I love you so much....
even the old ones?
where are you drinking?
Great win SDSU!
#OnceUponATime, 738396282028- Nobody gave a fuck what that number was.
I wonder - how do you address developmental readiness (or lack of readiness?) Just curious.....
I want to be best, I want to be worst, I want to be the gravity in your univers..
Tasting lunch menu at Bin on the Lake next week. Want to taste and then tweet? Apply at www.TasteTweet.com Plz RT
all else good on ur end?
I used to give a fuck till i lost my emotions.
doctoral degree in Education from Barry University RT what was his degree in?
DRUDGE: Lieberman indicates "support" for health bill. Fine - as long as only only "votes" for the bill, and doesn't actually VOTE for it.
Man Alive! You do some good work, pal. The EP artwork looks amazing!
Are you following Rowdie the DK Dingo on Twitter yet?
Game time. The HEAT is on!!
you have asthma?
lmao o it's that you put warped tour and I was about to say so many posers are going to steal my band :3
Every person can be opened up to more effective performance when you apply dynamic creative motivation to him. Norman V Peale
thats what i think is better for shawn. it'll hopefully straighten him out. lol
I thought it was blog word of the week?? I went with action and bonus for duration freezing again...
2/2 we convict the shooter. These days no one should be ducking into someone's house or gauge.
You gotta be a little green...Rondo!
even when I buy Starbucks and use our water filter, my coffee NEVER tastes like getting it from an actual Starbucks. WTF?!
The local fresh produce store has Romato matos for sale. :-D
#safetyskills offers a variety of online courses. They vary from tatoo safety to lawn care equipment training.
thank you brother
--- I GOT ONE FOR YOU JESS
whatever support you need let me know! Shows or anything....I been laying low for a min but I'm bout to go hard in the paint!
Nice to see Daryl Stimeling here at Not sure if he's running it tonight but he owns one of our old J&J's!
wtf do i feel so pretty rite now?!?!?
They really are the best of the best! Phillip is my style, so I'm hoping he wins this thing.
saw you take down that guy who rushed the governor... sexy beast you. You were on your A game last night
Gabe, you got any turds or blossoms you want to issue to a few San Diego politicians?
A guest is yelling at me because the hotel because the hotel doesn't provide chocolate cereal for breakfast. Hilarious.
Listening to hopeful candidates reminds me to desperately cling to my optimism and belief in politics.
next time pimp im livin It up in DC...gotta get u introduced son
I've moved seven times in the past four years and I still don't know how do it efficiently.
Happy 17th of May to all my Norwegian Peeps! much <U+2665> from Waterflow Wagëblë
nursing an ankle strain & a sick toddler, but good. :)
Compassionate is a verb if you make the a long. It's what I owe you for. I mean your assistant.
Very nice: #Indigenous Blogs site tracks blogs in 50 languages w/ per-language RSS feeds indigenoustweets.com/blogs/ MT
“: When Rmoney says "traditional marriage" all I can think of is how his family moved to Mexico to be polygamists.”
Current weather
Small biz killer - not investing in your business - pay for needed resources/people-resist temptation to buy status items. Comes later!
I see Pitch F/X is working like a champ tonight at the K. I'm just going to say Chen's "Called Strikes" are coming in at a hot 99.
TRG CEO is at the Broadway League Conference (#SRC2012) this week. Follow him for updates and thoughts on the conference!
This nigga always on my damn hoodie!
Stop by and purchase a jar of our delicious Organic jam! Only $4.95! Made with the finest ingredients! + We not have bagels w/ Jam
Omg!!! I'm going to epcot
Support your local musicians!
With at the Thomson Reuters building downtown having fun with HTML5
I am eating...but I agree it's so late!
#twinning #jerseyshore situation nation((;
Easter Eggs. Bitchen Brunch. Mad Men. Jerkface King Joffrey
Ok I sure will
your the best<3
#SomeoneIWantToMeet - He could seriously be best friend material. :D
might be a wrap tonight
Make their balls bounce like a game of ping pong.
Like the protagonist of the song by the same name, all of my exes live in Texas (plus all of my relatives and BFFs). It's overwhelming.
Wow #SuperNova IS DEALING 6 hitters 4Ks #YANKEES RUN SUPPORT PLEASE
I dont even know if I like yuh anymore .. ?
soon, my friend, soon.
Hanging at disneyland
What do I want for my birthday? Someone to pay my ticket. That's all!
Wow. That took long.
glad you resolved the issue. Your work is incredible. New Fan :D
I will have conference realignment and early season event pages up and running at some point tomorrow, though.
We <3 our 350 facebook fans!! Thank you for sharing your stories, pictures and laughs with NCircle!
This looks like the team that started the year 15-6 ......
They want word play but I'm bout gun play
Westbrook is going to totally embarrass Blake, Sessions, and whoever else they put at point.
Happy birthday Ciri! Hope you're celebrating with lots of sweets!
Let's just put our dicks between hot dog buns and be cool
New bill introduced that would prohibit employers from requiring prospective applicants to provide access to social media accounts...
I'm tired as fuck so goodnight!
It's the end of the year they bout to turn up
This mall has images of Steve Jobs everywhere like he is our Chairman Mao
ah… not necessarily but we are looking for someone w/ PR experience and a contact list.
finally home
Group race, er um ride tomorrow. New SRAM tt force group gets a 80 mile test ride.
- at least you get it long and wide from That's an unexpected bonus for ya.
#MyBiggestFlaw is when I'm not with you
who is them :)
Canvas Launches Green Business Contest: Challenges Organizations to Reduce Their Paper Consumption Through Mobile Apps
Good carts on pop. & job growth @ #StateoftheDistrict. I helped make 2 of the new of the residents & added 5 of the jobs.
Wonderful how a simple little giggle can erupt into an uncontrollable laugh attack. OMG! Thanks to for laughing with me!
I fucking LOVE that #DailyPillz joint. The beat is perfect.
Wish I could...
Hey are you a mannequin or a mannecant?
I'm @ 1st fundraiser since ground breaking of The Smithsonian Natl Museum of African American History and Culture... Alonzo Morning speaking
lol, don't worry your Heat won't get 2 play them!!! Haters
It's one thing to not know how to use something, and it's another for it not to work.
I'm telling myself I'll be okay. I'm getting stronger without you. :-)
So I just ate some salade , it wasnt as bad as I thought c:
Robert Cunard just confirmed a large booking for a Mercedes Benz Ad!!! So happy for my model!!!
Chris Bavitz sounds like he's about to give us all a spanking
Oh my gosh! How did they ever do that? Hope we'll get to sit next to each other and chat during the game!
Chillin in my mommies room
while your cleaning out your "shit" ... If you come across anything Janet Jackson .... Please hit me up!! I'll but your janet shit!
The only relationship I have is with this *M()N3Y* #RL #1m #paper #100 -^^Ralph Lauren^^
yes then it turns out the completely opposite of what you were thinking.cant say we're not prepared for the worst tho haha
Bored AF!!! But hey 4wheelin tomorrow is goin to be so much fun in th rain XD
I'm surprised you've lasted this long. I love Tweetbot--it returns every feature the official app removed, making Tw. fun again.
Found the developer, but their records don't go far enough back to identify the architect. No leads on builder, either. Library time.
Just announced 1st two shows of 2012: "Beauty Queen of Leenane" & the musical "Working"- very excited for the new year!
i bet octopus have the sickest secret handshakes
Read that 5oz of Pinot can support weight loss. I'm on it.
I don't like you.
Another addition to the 27 club. Damn Amy...
what??? Who the hell are you calling a bitch?
#ThankGOD for another day everyone stay blessed nd have a good one
You're welcome!
Hope you are well! How's the little one doing?? Getting big? Miss you and can't wait to see you!
been there done that lol
Why is it that overcrowded jail conditions only benefit repeat offense celebrities?
"I'm never going to run this again."-Grete Waitz after winning her first of nine New York City marathons
Great Job on the Radio Show, No F Bombs or anything.
For some odd reason i thought 500 days of summer was for real i was like what then i heard of let me in i was like who and hugo who is huge.
I can fuck with u real recognize real #jaye Jerz ya heard
The Zen of Delivered Begin with a calm centered mind
Half way through the 1st episode of and I am LOVING IT! is everything!!! has another #majorhit!
Hey #EVERYONE Sorry I Haven't Been On In A While... Just Been Very Busy...
So happy the weekend is here!
Pastor , Thanks so much 4 sharing w/ the world the word God has given you. Moved BIG TIME by your message on The Prayer of Jabez.
Use Visimeet to make your own webinars for others to view
You boys are cracking me up!
Rain rain go away
I just followed them (;
you inspire me with your picture perfect hair!
Your dad would sound weird with auto-tune.
it's on Fox
oh yeah, well I talked to the CEO and he said that I should just wait until June to get the new iphone 5. haha
Mom's linner of choice: Of course!
$40.00- 1/8 mix and match available on ALL strands. Don't be limited by the care givers choice!!
You see orange sky 'cause nuclear particles brought by the jet stream winds from Fukushima & TN's nuclear power leakage.
For every negative thought you have today replace it with 5 positive ones. Embrace your inner guru & do something amazing today! -Zach Marcy
Come on Dammmit
we will be playing December 10th @ the black sheep with & gonna be HUGE. $5 PRESALES. @ reply 4 tix.
I don't think archivists are listed as at risk for tennis elbow. But fast and copious processing work has left me with one bad elbow.
Anyone know the best way to sell an old (running, but slowly dying) car for about 400?
nah dude...thanks for helping me out with my music and sharing yours, Curtis in Montana
Survived many corporate birthday celebrations, Can only think of how they were mocked in famous SEINFELD episode. Forced fun is no fun.
Woot! I wondered what the news was going to be! Congratulations to you all!
.__.-- FREE PARKING...$2 DRINKS ALL NITE... 18&UP PARTY..... SATURDAY MATRIX--> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
RT : Storytime performances by the Washington Ballet this weekend at THEARC include Green Eggs and Ham and autographed......
Philip Robinson~ And when the future hinges on the next words that are said Dont let logic interfere believe your heart instead.
You should check out The Jobe Wilson Band. Hank Williams Jr. fans will identify with these music!
RNC wants to blame Obama for this mess and racist america wants to bring back jim crow and the terrorist want us all dead heaven help us all
Watching Monterrey vs America with my bf.
Casual carpool driver this morning was wearing the same coat I own. Fortunately, I wasn't wearing it today.
Every trial endured and weathered in the right spirit makes a soul nobler and stronger than it was before. -James Buckham
Tiny is ready to take a bite at Tollation.
Stop ur so mean to me
how was ur day and howdy u aint country
Learning from my exes so my next one ain't gotta be so rough
MY GAWDD MAU! U ARE SO PICKY CONSIDERING WE ARE SO DEDICATED TO U AND U WONT EVEN GIVE A COUPLE FOLLOWS WITHOUT A PRICE!
Isn't oh so magical?
opentable , urban spoon, yelp
where are you
I'm talkin bout Rugrats, Hey Arnold, The Angry Beavers, All That, and all those other shows that you couldn't wait to watch on Sat morn
I need some cleaning
We are 10 mins away from the BIG announcement Hilton
EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!!!! OMFG NICK! That's so gross ew ew ew ew!! I'm so glad i'm not a seafood fan!
That sculpture is so ugly.
no voice & coming down from an anxiety attack ! #NYR ROUND 2 12 more
Watching #footloose!!! Gr8 movie love the original and new one! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
why the fuck does this shit have to happen to me!! && why does this have to involve the person i once really loved -.- </3
nice chatting with yesterday. Let's do it again soon.
I know u ain't rippin on my girl andrea
Rewrite complete! Should be it for that screenplay.
I wore my slippers to Kohls because
Utility of the day: clonezilla.
NO MONEY, SAVY? SCAMS!!! WILL RIP YOU OFF, with a capitol "R", get me?
We just ate at a place called Yours Truly that was good. Now heading to Columbus.
If you French Fry when you want to Pizza...you're going to have a bad time.
Ride or die, fool, ride or die! >_<
A mentor is a catalyst for change in a young person's life. -Joel Garcia
Santorum... Peace, douche!
rap on, homey
*clears mic* sings crispy chicken.....
goodmorning. I can not wait till summer! I have like 19 more days.
On some other shit, seeing one of my favorite wrestlers ever looking so old and still grinding bums me out.
Thanks For Following!!
(Cont) ...placed into film. One was "The Lone Gunmen" "Pilot Episode" that months before 911 depicted remote controlled planes been steered
Help us get to 400 followers today! We are so close! #ThankYou #NOLA for your support!
[labbie]: the title for Van Hise student workers. Characterized as kind, knowledgable, and tech-savvy. A labbie is always prepared to help!
Ima Dam gud girlfriend so shout out 2 my exs loser ass niggas I talkd 2 n the players who thought they played me jokes on u "I win ,u lose"
#happy #new #year y'all!
I could spend all day at lowes
Kyle Jefferson's football career derailed by injury, but Sunday helped #Badgers win B10 track title, next week he graduates. Wow.
hahaha cheap ass
Listening to the 2010 Promo Awards Gala....
haha I was going to finally see it tonight cause of the whole pay your age thing but I cant! /: but I did see Evita.
“: that #teamfitness life style lol I love it!” u kno it
Thanks for the re-tweet on Leo's anniversary \m/ !
having link difficulty.. can you check and repost?
m m m love your music ;)
Spoke to WV Directors of Senior & Community Services in Morgantown. Alice Tomblin of Lincoln Co receives Salem award for service. Congratz!!
Any word on the other jobs open right now?
Forget Frankie Edgar, Agent Smith deserves a rematch. Neo totally cheated.
Up...blessed....thankful....humble...Goodmorningg”
What's your best summer vacation memory? Camping in the woods, lounging poolside, or buying a new car?
did anyone get a video?!
. Do you have a time on the AG v HT oral arg for Thursday?
Why should your business use factoring? Because it is a straightforward method to get cash without having to prove credit worth.
There has been NO MENTION of studio showing, but we are gonna put one together in class tomorrow. That makes sense.
Is it true that the Twins won the WS trophies exclusively for rich folks in an exclusive rich folks club?
Our hotel smells like smoked bananas
To know what is right and not do it is the worst cowardice. ~Confucius
Thanks for favoriting, guys! Hope you'll follow us for more updates!
Good Morning!
Cheney's heart transplant is his first, his first heart that is. I hope they didn't stick a Progressived heart in there. It will be rejected
gonna hang with the silver lake intellegentsia again? sounded intriguing last winter!
So what did you think of the holiday show Friday night?
true, but that's your choice. Libraries should offer privacy, at least as a choice for those who want it
no there isn't. Legos are amazing for anything.
Like I bn sayin, trust.... What trust? Lets move on!
A man is wise with the wisdom of his time only, and ignorant with its ignorance. ~ Thoreau
Is perch fish fry just during Lent?
few years? Whew, I'm okay with timeline.
Obviously someone else posted it, it's a site for putting people on blast for being sleezy.
Feels good to be able to take a breather after such a crazy semester.
"Mercy" by Kanye West, Big Sean, T-Pain & 2 Chains is my jam right now.
Sample words by which to show repentance and ask forgiveness with belief that it will be granted. Psalm 51:1-12
today louis schwizgebel in washington
Martha OMG can you trust this Social Living deal is 90% off. Can they even be making moolah doing this?
helloo i followed !!!
While you are in Marfa, go see the sculptures of Donald Judd. Huge minimalist concrete forms. Breathtaking.
Im a little tea pot ya motha fuker i love
she has a day trust me on that
A great way to end my week: dinner turned to drinks turned to a four hour conversation. Thanks
Thank YOU, Trenni!
You have no idea lol Rt : YES! Drunk Flo is the best Flo
I know hate is a strong wird, but when you call me a cunt or a b***h, your gonna get hated.
Bastard :D
party bus :)
It's my birthday day at school :)
No discontng May talent. No1 is. He one of da greatst in da ring. But stop being cocky and dodging da #pac-may fight
Nice looking.
I hope you know of a demonologist in town
Thinking the # in your bank acct is your cash flow universe is like the size of your list being your marketing universe....
Hate to tell you Bud, but they`re as relevant as anybody - preseason #1 & best team KY played in tourney this yr.
I thought you were actually bailey... You gave me a heart attack .
RT : The three T's of : Technology, Tacos, Tequila!
2nd one stud 8 $280+100. Got $200 from last longers and $300 from deal so up $120. Now about to play $550 mega -would be nice to win a seat
Tire talk...Public Service talks about the rise of illegal tire dumping at 10:30 a.m.
Guess I got my Swagga back
nope. Go for it. Please attribute. Btw, email me and if you want something specific you don't see.
Oh my goodness, Ivy is so cute. I love how those boxes turned out!
can be prosecuted for it.
=Definite Hero!
FACT! RT : Felix Hernandez is a beast.
I just killed a huge flippin' bug in my room...with the help of my cat..
Class , just sung to me ( ;
When something bad happens you have three choices. You can either let it define you, let it destroy you, or you can let it strengthen you.
Me keys? Yeah. It's late.
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy
um, yeah, I feel ya honey. lol So, when is yours??? You know mine's Sunday,da 13th!! SO HOLLA & HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU TOO!
Definitely not gonna be able to sleep tonight
#Follow our new friends. bc they have good taste in music. Give us a #FF back
carries a kroger plus card on his keys, true 40 year old at heart
I remember that time...how do we go back there?
CANT WAIT FOR THIS #CRAZY ASS PARTY THURSDAY WE GONA GET IT INN HAHAHA
Wow, you rarely fail to impress me. RState has needed said detection far too often of late.
I text my mom "Happy Mothers Day" she text me back with "who is this" lol!
Hard hat in hand, I'm off to work. Summer break was great.
Watching the first season of The Big Bang Theory and I love this show!
thanks for the follow - have a great night
Werth seems to be catching flyballs more upright and not leaning to his left. Glad he worked that out.
You may ask....
Mary Jane and being around grandma
Coming to an internet connection near you soon -PIRATE HR!
When replies back I feel so fucking cool. Unlike you guys. ;D haha
Whoever had this ipod before they pawned it and I bought it was my musical soulmate
Bears need ditka.
Feeling honored for receiving my first block on twitter today. I love stupid people.
My doctor gave me a blank doctors note.
nice! baseball at its purest form
#kids Baseball Clinic - North Hills Baseball Summer Camp at Scharmyn Park, Thu, May 10 7:00p: Instructors-Head Coach Nate Buttenfield,...
So buying it now!!
Am I immune to caffeine? Somebody give me a bed!
You kn o I'm drunk when I'm facebook stalkin
#You can take the back-seat while i live my life #Cuz my life aint finna stop fa you do you, While I does me
that's great!!
imma feeling lovely what about you?!
Jealousy is a sickness, get well soon b!tch!
check your email.. sent you and evite you have not yet opened ;-)
Both would be great, but I think capturing the general public's attention is best.
Im getting off.... Cause I keep falling asleep!!"
I'm going to sleep now. is sleeping ovaaaah! Hanging out with the beautiful later this afternoon&enjoying the sun! :)
Sure, i will! :) and houston, never been!(:
it's unusual, to be sure.
Having fun? Keep doing what you're doing. Not having fun? Do something else.
is anyone tired of MTV never playing music?
go to the circuit box in the kitchen, shut the circuit breaker for "heat pump" off and leave it off for 2-3 min.
thts y it's best to not say much especially to ur parents
ya long time and dont remind me lmao
she left the suds in the bucket and the clothes hanging out on the line
#imediasummit Thanks to DoubleVerify for a solid after party last nite!
arguing with cleverbot about why high school is non-important
Hoped city would respond better. Still time. Let's go #Jags! MT ...blackout deadline...Approx. 3,200 tickets remaining.
Work Friday, funeral Saturday, but if you are still meeting on Sunday, you'll be 1 more strong!
LOVE ME
"In the vein of Chandler and Hammett" isn't even trying.
Either an ice thief or someone drinks a lot! Just sayin'.
I wish my parents would have sent me to some kind of summer camp. It seems like a necessary experience!
packing bag
"Mrs. Pepper is dead."
don't tell anyone, but I made it up
CURSIT ME N GOOD LOOKS!! In my own world >:( !! I'm about 2 delete my fb after I catch up 2 my page haha xD XD!!!
The right screems CLASS WARFARE! what they don't say is the 1% are making a war of disinfo on the rest of us through media manipulation,
3 offensive fouls on UK while UL sets illegal screens every trip
Thanks so much! I wasn't sure it would make as much sense without all the explaining/annotating I do when I'm presenting it.
What's going on in Park Slope South? There seems to be a police car outside of every bar.
Awesome! Thanks Pagan
so not true. Santorum is not a balance of anything. Which is why he no longer represents PA.
rt i heart quotes Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes ~ Oscar Wilde via
I'm really craving some mango sushi.
Getting my car back tomorrow from the shop. Lookin to do something
We gots to link man. Makes no sense to be in the same city and not connect.
EH, its overrated :)~
too many innings on that arm over last 5 yrs.
It's cute when people don't mind their own business
We suggest Cubana or Carne Asada Torta or ahogada (drowned in chile sauce, also one of our most popular) Hope to see u soon.
Meeting at 6:30 and traffic is always bumper to bumper on Butler st. till 7. No way am I driving! Longboard or shortboard?
Zimmerman needs to be arrested NOW. Anything less is a travesty of justice.
that should be at the forefront of EVERY engagement.
XU play to much! I'm waiting on this summer school email!
OMG, Twitter stop distracting me -.- I gotta do hw you know ?
DJ's & VA-JAY-JAYS TONIGHT!! BIG PARTY! Also, Locals pay just $5 to come in!!
gee, thanks ;-)
Oh. Kalina and Alicia. My heart pitter pattered.
I'd be interested in discussing some cross promotional work via our social media platform and events.
yeah that was a very sober sounding tweet, lol
I always like to help #PBS & #cooking is the best way I know how! #BestoftheChefs will be better than ever.
will perform June 30th. Listen to and this afternoon for your chance to win tix!!
Not a fan of
I live and breath Music!! Currently working with some amazing Musicians! CD release is scheduled for late March!
How sweet! Congrats!
I styll be shittin regardless tho.....so, fuk it, I'm out here w/ my bytchess!. ;)
My sister really has anger issues...
Guess imma try this again..
It's kind of hard to take the high road when ppl try to make your job harder than what it really is.
Idk why I did it lol but whatever.
yeahh and shes got JGL falling at her feet! POINT MADE SUNSHINE.
The moon looks beautiful tonight just like you.(;
"United breaks Guitars" song on Youtube costs United several million in PR damage? Is it possible?
i knoww you could come over but we have a cooler so you can't but I feel like a stalker because I see you through tint:)
LA's Penn State Alums React to Allegations
Just str8 up frustrated...Had this game #Lakers smh
Lol 44% on oral proficiency. Boom.
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: join the Traffic Tracker at the 6511 I35 location to get a prize!! 5-6pm
My oldest Jarod just crossed over to Boy Scouts and earned his Arrow of Light.
Good sign!
TY for the mention! Have a great day :) RT Thanks for following!
You inspired me to order these from PaperbackSwap.com. Thanks! Have you read Gayle Tsukiyama?
I see your a fan of Cody Montieth and so am I. Have you seen his horror film Hybrid!
" It is better to light one candle than to curse the darkness."
yupp but it wont let me test it
#besttoyever my #smartphone -- Love using !
Agreed. knows what they're doing when it comes to making solid brews with a twist on tradition.
I met last night! To bad it was just a dream :/
omg I can't wonder the pin 2 be stabed
ARE TWO VERY DIFFERENT THING" PUT YOUR MONEY WHERE YOUR MOUTH IS. WALK YOUR TALK. TAKE THE TIME TO DO THE RIGHT THING. SPIKE LEE, I LEARNED
I'm 2 away from 100.. And I'm just sitting here like derppp . Ahaha
I can see clearly now the rain is gone
I don't know why I am heading to work and I don't have to be there for another hour and half. What to do with my time? Hmm
Last night I dreamt I was in NYC trying to convince to play in Dexter the Musical. Hey-There's been worser concepts right?
Tattoo or new extensions....such a tough choice
Vote for Camp Kesem - Chase Comm. Giving Awards - providing free summer camp to kids whose parents have or had cancer, www.clickforkesem.org
Teach me how to dougie! xD
naw I don't pay you no mind half of the time anyway
Slap the founder of
just watched eyes open lyric version.. best lyric version ever.
EXPRESSING YOUR HONEST FEELINGS IS REALLY OVERRATED
that was so fucking funny. Paul Rudd is hilarious!
RT : NICU moms and Rhonda McMahon, and share self-care tips at Jan 30 Lunch & Learn. Pls Come!...
#IWishYouKnew how much I like you <\3
You can complain because roses have thorns, or you can rejoice because thorns have roses.<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
Jameson and Guinness. Whatever other trouble I can find.
RT : RT : "How do you leave Paul Pierce alone for a wide-open contested three" -- Reggie Miller
I'm working out details to make the idea "do-able" - will send notes soon
Chillin in West Bend, WI before the gig tonight w/ at Foz's Martini Bar, 8-11. Going to be playing selections from the jazz idiom.
Beautiful piece. A daughter's story, a Mother's story, an American story. #Mother's Day
": You can’t lose what you never had, you can’t keep what’s not yours & you can’t hold on to someone who doesn’t want to stay."
There's not enough honesty in the world right now
Born in Wisconsin, currently residing in #Denver. It's been a tough weekend.
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
Finished our last bachata rehearsal for tomorrow's #Promise by performance ! Can't wait !
2010 MLK High School Battle Of The Bands-Houston Will Consist Of 16 Nationally Acclaimed Showstyle High School Marching Bands. .Register Now
It's funny cuz I'm still sitting here thinking about this
My friend just got "Let's get weird" tattooed on her hand. Don't have the <3 to tell her how sad it'll be when she's 50...
I don't believe we need regular phones any more, if that's what you're asking.
Happy to have you come by anytime. Enjoy your stay! RT The Detroit Institute of the Arts is always worth a visit.
loooool what is the meaning?!
but, better question is, I'm still gonna be your maid of honor, right?
tonight i'm spinning @ Legroom on division st & catch my mixes on &
About two dozen residents are coming to the seawall at Seawall Blvd. and 21st, snapping photos with their digital cameras.
Eleven has wrestling on TV.
When sleep doesn't fix it, and booze doesn't fix it, it's time to go for a run.
Attention potential interns - please do NOT put your SS# on the top of your resume. It's for your own good. Sincerely, Every Manager Ever
#edshow Worth repeating : RUSH BABES "bitch-slap" MEDIA MATTERS on FACEBOOK !!!!
: Tell Mario to unblock me :P
Look like i been hittin the weights
Always tell a person hw u feel gud or bad....u neva kno wen it will b yo last chance 2...
My last several computers have been exclusively Toshi. I have to admit I'm biased toward them after remarkably good luck w/them.
ill miss you too
A little Voodoo Magic comming to Deli..Wednesday's sampling party will feature LOCAL Voodoo Brewing, winners of Best Brewery @ Erie Brewfest
: That's when I knew things were REAL bad.
ditto: perfect night out
How do you play #fableheroes tonight?
so true!
The return of Metta
please follow me (:
A real man knows a real woman when he sees her...and a real woman knows a real man ain't afraid to please her...--Alicia Keys
Who else should I follow on twitter?
sure! NP. If you know of anyone else, let us know. Have a great weekend and thanks! :)
Got off my ass and did 30 minutes of dance and 40 minutes of yoga tonight. Feel better about myself now. Bad few days for food. Blergh.
tell her I said hey aNd luvs her
steady on, oh soul of mine; there are hills and curves ahead
haha but he was just talking smack on you two weeks ago lol okay !
Maybee you belong with me ?
Amazing time at my girl sara's wedding!
so cool! We're also going to be issuing vouchers to all backers/preorderers, for additional units at wholesale pricing...
I am an ugly bitch
Happy mothers day to all the mommies in the world!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090>
i love bieber and i dont care what people say and great album jb:)great work
i love
CityYes actually started abt 3 years ago, but thanks! David Cox is current chair of CityYes.
So if it 95 degrees outside... No head for the whole day? #dammytime ": Its too hot to be talking about giving head ."
How does Words With Friends know that "zla" is not a word!
I'm really excited for your dance recidle!:p
Don't forget to sign up for tomorrow's User Group to learn all about CampusHelp Financial Aid! contact to register
Never worry about failure, it's a waste of time. Treat it like a video game, press restart and get back in the game!
Thank you for making the Doritos taco taste like heaven in my mouth.
Thank you all! Just finished the bday with constituents talking about taking back our streets. I'm excited about work in year 31!
"Abduction Wine" sounds like it has fruity notes of chloroform with a rohypnol finish.
laptop slow?
When you get saved that's the beginning of a process. That's one reason why it is called 'a birth' -Dallas Willard
You sing to me, too bad you couldn't even stay on key. If your life is such a mystery, why don't you just stick to acting?
R.I.P. JUNIOR SEAU. U gave us your best in all that u touched. U will be missed by all, fans and players. U where a big impact in the game.
OK it was like I said in the dm. It happened Friday.
can you get a shot of Junior for my fiance?
NM Fish and Wildlife have to put a bear down because after they captured it a dumb kid stick his hand in the cage and got bit.
It<U+0092>s easier to seek forgiveness than ask for permission. - Proverb
you just being nosy lol :P
I'm good, just getting into gear for a busy summer lol. :)
So meeting went pretty well yesterday so ready for this #TrayvonMartin event!!!!!
sure do lol right now......
I'm ready for summer and AAU season to get live<U+2600><U+2600><U+2600>
Wish we could attend #SXSW this year, but we wish everyone luck and to have A BLAST!! We'll be there next year! ;)
We have over 100 bottles of eclectic wine. Come in and explore our bottle list.
“: I'm never going bungee jumping. I came in this world because of a broken rubber, I'm not leaving because of one.” hahaha
great #tea pick deep & satisfying!
Thanks to everyone from the East Coast area for visiting us. This has been a wonderful week meeting you all. Hope your stay in Indy is great
RT: "People take different roads seeking fulfillment & happiness. Just because they're not on your road doesn't mean they've gotten lost."
Happy birthday Kaile, enjoy the Barbie dress and princess crown from band to u.... mwhahaaaaaa
#FF Sat am Window Licking Wine Tour besties! (sorry if I left someone off)
Sup Porcupine Tree, it's been a while. Wish we had some time in the to play them this week!
LOTR in Concert, at 48Hrs Festival, Ranking Full Stop!
See ya Duke!
Tiger has the "better than most" putt coming up.
#styledbyjune fashion hearts TUNE IN
Good Morning.. Happy Monday. :)
They trying to kill my team bruh
Volunteering at #WordUp! (176nBway). Listening to a promising talented mc,
I go to the moon I smoke a box for breakfeast
In Island Gruve Music Works studio with J Blanco and about to go in on this song!!!
I pee sitting down. #haveaproblem?
Last night, we made homemade chicken marsala with organic white mushrooms and red cabbage
These pre-orders are DISCOUNTED reserve your copy now!!!
It's 5:26 on a Wednesday evening... why cook dinner when you can come to the B for one of our sinfully delicious "Scampi" Shrimp burgers!
Yes, let's chat some time
Saw Chris Rock, Ben Stiller and today at Dreamworks prezzo. Torn between yelling "Blue Steel!" or just a narrowed-eye "Lemon".
Cool! Congrats!!
"I don't have the strength to stay away from you anymore." "Then don't..." I'm def not a #twihard, but that quote is serious...
500 billion a year transferred to the most wealthy of our population every year thru our tax policies!
And that #pdxmayor's job is certainly an important job interview.
#ThatAwkwardMoment when your 20 year old brother thinks it's funny to wake you up by farting in your face.
i love you all!!!!
yes please! I miss you miss thang.
It was really shocking to find out the number of kids in my school that drinks or does drugs. I'm proudly above the influence.
Ball So Hard University.
what do u want?
#OMG #JLStakeachanceonme is Amazing. :D
I'm hungray
Just had a horrible experience with customer care rep. And Web site keeps breaking when I try and change my flight
Thank you chrischris. Thank you Kaka'.
it's good. So u don't need me to fix it?
Because you're mine, I walk the line.
"I'm sorry now..." Love that song!
aw<U+2665> I will always love you myy peyton<U+2665> follow back?!<U+2665>(:xxoxo
I wish I was a better friend .
Driving in the biggest storm of my life.
I sent a letter to a camp for girls and Mitt Romney today.
RT : My sister is the Best!!! I love her so much. Retweet if you love your sister or brother????// She owe me gum!! Lol
will you be at ? Maybe we'll see you there!
but the funny thing is they think it's cute
Heartbreak is what changes people..
Justin won.. lol soo expected. :I
RT : you must ain't see them Alexander McQueen joints they $315<-----I'm still done
hey eveyone! i need some advice on how you go about getting a music band manger in la?? help please! muah!
I for sure meant *shorty not shitty... auto correct.
Tonight's the night! 8pm features our TheatreSports Team and the 10pm is a special format: Audience Coaches. Lots to love here, folks.
thanks for the follow. Let's talk.
haha do it! That'd be awesome.
#Leadership functions on the basis of trust.
Totally thinking of going to see Saturday in Hoboken!
Name of the "company" falsely occupying foreclosed homes in #Chulavista is Prudent Constituent Assn. Be forewarned...
Late nights with the bestiessssss
we'll miss ya too carlos!
David west weaker than that thang
#theTrend it's sad that people still cover up their jaded, retrogressive minds with 'African Heritage' ..equal rights for all
awww I love ya babe......
Pageant Center welcomes Jerry Giordano of "Best Pageant Interviews". Read more in our pageant announcements at www.pageantcenter.com
Amen.... Suddenly people care about this?
I'm hungry and my dad isn't here to make me food )));;
Brewers win tonight. Northtoberfest and fear the beer shirts tomorrow. Life is good
Just close your eyes The sun is going down You'll be alright No one can hurt you now Come morning light ~t-swizzle <3
Nail a man's shoes to the ground and he will never leave! HA! My grandma and she was Dominican! Similarities!
covert coup instrument will be soundtrack for the summer
Good Morning! Werst Halloween party was a lot of fun! Plenty of food, fantastic music, and best of all great friends enjoying the night!
these songs on pandora going hard
Can't wait until friday
2nd WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 8...PANTHERS/CARDINALS #TAKETHEOVER (41.5)...CARDS O @ HOME & PANTHERS DESPERATE TO GET STEVE SMITH IN THE ACT!
Draft. Day.
Wow, that is cool. Lot nosier than Chopper 10, eh? You should do a flyover of : They'll think SEAL team 6 coming in!
I was lazy in high and did not apply myself or work to my potential :(
The Reagan answer was correct. "A rising tide lifts all boats." Govt must sprt private business then get out of the way.
uh, what?
By tomorrow we would all be convulsing on the floor, foaming at the mouth, etc.
Thanks, Bob. Nothing beats the desert.
Save the date! #StopSDGEPowerlink rally is coming on March 7!
omg it's been so long!! How are you!!::runs for a big hug:: yes I am ready for thy fabulous sale!
Tough times never last long.
Lebron returns the favor!
ya sure, when ya feeling better?
finally a chance to watch the last episode of Battlestar Galactica!
aww :P hehe well its kinda blonde/ginger! and no worries! no need to apologize about that :)
Looking forward to another fascinating Power Lunch with the Israel project, Hillel Intl, & Israel on Campus.
Black Ops Session Tonight Video Tom. Solo Zombies after session
Two auditions today... Let's keep 'em coming!
Are any of you "steam punk" people crafters? Hand-outline Thanksgiving turkeys? Perhaps one or two of you are into macrame?
What's your fav #pizza? Margherita, Italian Sausage, Four Seasons?
,Good Morning dear friend
That's my show
Bruins look like they're on th power play when they're even strength.
Newark Town Mayor's Race Night on Friday raised over £500 which will be shared between Beaumond House and Newark Emmaus Trust. Thank you!
tomorrow at Lee's Liquor on Lake Mead with TV crew in tow! Times TBA!
30 minutes deep into SNL for the 1st time in a decade. Did they change the format? Thought this was supposed to be funny.
Meh... if i do im in denial and dont know i lik him but my sexy is wayy betta
Can you imagine the lead executives of a business all fleeing to other opportunities immediately after a big success?
it's when you take a picture with the camera facing the wrong direction
Keep an eye on for a big announcement tomorrow - we have two new destinations for #studyabroad and summer programs!
do tattoos count as apparel? lol if not my Mighty Thor t-shirt
- miss hearing from you, is all well?
Most times, the little things matter!!!
Maybe this world is another planets hell
get ready : "S/O to for the interview tonight. Look out for more things from both of us."
RT : Spurs can run their offense with their eyes closed bruh shit is unreal
Dam this is the first Sunday I didn't drink
Today's lunch: leftover canned mock chicken and brussels sprouts. The only problem: not nearly enough of it.
Of course! They've got 80's Albums for $7.99. I may have to get Richard Marx Greatest Hits too.. And Prince.. And..
Hey I have teted you why havent you texted back?
Happy Holidays for those who celebrate.
good morning have a wonderful day my dear friend :p
#NoInterruption deserves a lot better than 95 on
“: When a person pees, a small deposit of urine enters the mouth through the saliva glands.” uh
Love is like a roll that we play
Consensus from plays posted goes 3-1 on Tuesday and now on Wed. so far we have 78 cappers posted with 1 consensus so far in NHL
LOL welcome to the club, we all are (;
she comin over...she comin over!!!!
Quick would never ever ever slash someone. Ever. That's a classy goalie.
smh you think that she's evil
lets mend out broken relationship because i dont want to live my life saying i could have done it.
Travis Benjamin very fast, but small
That is a great article on and very talented!
Ah I knew you'd like it:))
11 11 it's a good sign after a very good day!!! :)
#FreshmanYearTaughtMe that most of my friends from middle school would sell me pot for a good price.
Honey do for me! Honey do for me! Buy one, get one free. Honey do for me!
I don't think I've ever wanted a quesadilla this badly
UPDATE: Earlier Accident I-5 NB in the Terwilliger curves has cleared... however still a backup to Capitol Highway..
airing on sports center right now
good night!!
All I know is you're supposed to leave them on a window sill where mischievous boys can steal them through the window.
That's so cool! Sure wish we could've made it, def next year!
We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give.
Just tapped, Arctic Rhino Coffee Porter (replaces Brewing Imperial IPA)
have enternet and the house this only way I could come on Twitter
A friend is someone who sees through you and still enjoys the view. - Wilma Askinas
wen I get done working sure!
I can't talk anymore because I need to suck in my double chin full-time.
Anyone else riding this $apple train??? Holy moneymaker batman
I get jealous every time i see someone from the crew or someone that austin knows say like "text me." :P
really? That's why I don't watch it sometimes -> she's never objective about politics the rest of are
Racine's Vinny Rottino is back in the bigs as have brought him up from Buffalo.
yea but he doesn't use it that often.
can anyone suggest some delicious vegan recipes?
Two days left of National Library Week. FOL, LAC, and Library Board Members meet with Council President Berliner today
#Rays can't catch a break today. 50 game ban for 2nd no. 1 pic Tim Beckham. Salt in the wound? Longoria is out 4-8 weeks with torn hamstring
Rabbi, check out The Easter Bunny is a nice Jewish girl doing good things in Vegas.
Took the girls to North Hollywood diner. Kind of like taking your family to a Charles Bukowski story for dinner.
Wishing kids a safe & fun day off! Love,
haha LOVE this!
Watching the All-Stars of Slam Poetry show in Vegas.
Yessir--I'm in the Season Ticket Department. That's great to hear. What team does she play on?
he lit a cigarette in front of the school and lowered his hat on his eyes. He need to sit down!
RT My staff does most of the work taking care of our church today. It is my job to see to the church of tomorrow!
RT Music, to relieve some stress. Yea! Don't forget to get me some headphones! ,
Sex on the beach, left love speechless
i just seen that too
"Songs in the Key of Blue" is nice mix of funny stand-up, moving storytelling, & GORGEOUS singing!
April showers bring May flowers
#momentwhen a conversation your having with someone doesn't end the way you wish it would
Can't even eat the cherry on top of my shake.
Come on in and get a rad tattoo!
Now being followed by a fence company in Louisiana. I love the twitter
#indianalawyer Leadership in Law awards used q&a format to help readers get to know winners better.
Curtis. What are you doing in my house?
you may now mail each one of us a bottle. :)
I am so ready for this weekend. I just wanna see my boyfriend. That's all I care about. Ahaha.
Yeah I know I watched the game today on my computer for free using a free tv program called Veetle and Channel-surfing.net
I love heather and the entire Bragg/Gajownik family.
was just about to say the same thing. Also, pitching is always better in the beginning of the season.
ugh...you're killing me with all that #Alabama stuff
I agree w/that. Not enough exposure for the good that athletes do. The media/public focus on the negative actions...
WHO WANNA CHAT WITH ME EYY?
Accomplishing the impossible means only that the boss will add it to your regular duties. - Doug Larson :: but this a the startup's m.o.!
You never let me go! :D you're! I see what is best to me
Thanks! So glad you liked it!
just got on plane to vegas with skinny dippin and right road now on repeat ... Ready for a good time
Isaiah 55 John12:15" Do not be afraid, oh daughter of Zion,see, your king is coming seated on a donkeys' colt" ,
I'm on-air more than doing VO, but I do voice tracking from home studio. I really like your blog. Thanks for doing it.
Thank You!!
One more thing to add to the ever growing list of things to read on building a startup community.
hahhahaha it's awkward because remember that kid i told you i saw in the dentist office....that was him
is available for work in sales & mkting. He is open 2 new opps. Pls RT
what the fuck? U felt the wrath of deebo illa?
Wow.. Anatomy and chemistry exams in one day? I guess they really want you to fail.
Received sides for tomorrow's film audition ... brilliant writing. I love working with good material!
Social media fan? Interested in meeting folks F2F in #ROC tonight? Stop by Label 7 in Pittsford for a meet-up! 6PM-?
1st time in 5 years I've been able to sleep with the windows open.
got my console vim fixed! Huzzah!
Visit www.bellargopiarge.com !!! Tell us what you think about the NEW LOOK! Register for updates! Online Store OPENS 10/15!
apology baby is not understood???
Nothing is so strong as gentleness, and nothing is so gentle as true strength. ~ Ralph Sockman
are you planning on picking up your packet tomorrow?
where's mine?!
Thanks for the retweet!
You're great! That fanfic is AMAZING!! :D
Just because someone puts you down doesn't mean that what they said is true. It only proves that you're better than them.
RT Tonight club Phx Dj Skandalis bday ladies free open bar lets go
#YouCuteAndAllBut your personality sucks
What!! I bet u are BEAUTIFUL. Every Girl is beautiful even though ou might think u r not I really are trust me I've been there
#ThingsBlackPeopleTakeSeriously hair...hair...and they hair...males and females
It's time to out smart FAT and CALORIES. Let us show you how.
Looks like no school for me these couple of days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You are not the only one. I remember playing at the pub in high school. Mortal Kombat arcade version was sweet
Congrats Lynn!
hops and pie in the highlands/Berkeley area is bro free.
I think about you all the time
Alcohol may be mans worst enemy, but the bible says love your enemy
- That ring is gorgeous!
hi I admire u im coping w not being able 2 work due 2 my illnesses tryin 2 do some of the same things u r ur inspirational
for some reason my twitter won't let me write you back on a message! :/
Hi! I have that affect on beautiful women ;) I'm fab, getting married in less than 6 weeks! & THEN south France for honeymoon.
Lmao they movie is a fool ": When life hands you a jeffrey just rub the furry walls"
OK. What should change in the education system to make it better? (don't say end unions.. I know that one already)
#YouKnowLifeisGreatWhen... you have fresh vision and greens for dinner.
Entrepreneurs ask yourselves: What problem are you solving? Is it a feature or a solution?
WINNER of Book Depression Cookies - Christine Calvin!! Congratulations. Contact us to receive your book!
I'm not the one that you want. I'll always let you done.
yeah hanging with some old family i havent seen in awhile :) you?
I remeber when you told me Twitter was gay ! mhmmm.
What god do you serve again? One can not serve two masters
Biting my tongue... For the best of everyone.
Mad AF at the mf world rite so if you see me in the streets don't speak.....
would have won the dunk contest going away with his dunk over a REAL defender tonight.
Jerusalem has been destroyed twice,besieged 23 times,attacked 52 times, and captured and recapt.44 times.Yerushalayim means CITIES of peace.
right after you tweeted that sparky, they started getting all the calls their way
it looks better than TSS anyways
3 logo variations for 'The ThrottleShop' motorcycle showroom. . . . by tomorrow you say? . . . challenge accepted.
“: That awkward moment when you really need to fart but your gf is in the car with you.” Don't let that stop you!
Trying to get some friends together to do it!
Lily says: “I can speak five languages; six if you count gibberish.”
What an amazing day. Pinstripes was absolutely jammed packed tonight. THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO HELPED AND CAME OUT.
to what! you choose for me :)
you're global!!
Looking for online short story resources geared for young adult (7th grade) readers. Any suggestions?
haha... im still in bed
Apparently Twitter has a Follow Limit grrrr...I'm trying to figure out who I want to follow by following EVERYONE! :p
Bored <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>. Anyone wanna do something?
Want 2 get involved with #aafmiami this year? Email us 2 find out what committees to join.
So true! RT : #MSC2011 relationships important! what's relevant to one child is not relevant to the next. -Daggett
RT ": "wish you could understand""
The floral smell in the air is intoxicating.
Big #WW shout-out to all from St. Louis w/ US Commanderie de #Bordeaux. 12 vintage blind tasting of Haut-Bailly tonight to start things off.
...to my old high school, both were in gangs... so how is that They come from similar backgrounds but one is way better then the other?
How are you Lucien? Hope the cold you had a few days ago is getting better
what help can Ibrahim Ali offer beside making things worse? Hahahaha.
my next album is going to be so much better...
exactly what I thought lol. If thats the case these trailer park people & hoodrats are the most politically minded ppl in the US
Who's Ready For a Healthy New Year? Take 20% OFF Vitamins & Supplements!
yes, the World Series is not what it used to be :-(
Arrows of neon and flashing marquees out on Main Street. Chicago, New York, Detroit and it's all on the same street!
I will be keynote speaker on disab. awareness for sustainability/succession at 2 upcoming HR events. Would like to add more! :)
can u believe its a about to be 2010?? when i was little 2010 sounded like the future! flying cars, floating cities, robots etc....
libras>>>> any other sign
I want that job, too... RT $7.3 million for five months of work? Can I be CEO of Yahoo next? I even have a real CS degree!
well you shouldnt have to wait to long! Just avoid tha assholes and perverts, find that right guy who actually cares about you!(:
you're never funny.....
revamping my website, totally ripping off #mashable layout haha
Now we're looking at pictures of puppies... #happy www.dailypuppy.com
is going to her audition for the Wendy's commercial. She will be reading for the too-perky waitress. Fingers crossed!
Whenever I say something is my "duty", in my head I'm thinking "doodie" and giggling.
yo, there are some funny kids in your neck of the woods on YouTube. Check out and
I was thinking about my "coming of age" love story earlier. It's not about the person but the changes.
Beelzebub has a devil set aside for me.
Thanks for the follow.....
One can live in the shadow of an idea without grasping it
m nice. Enjoy. Excuse me for a second. Runs off to get car keys and an umbrella
As an American, I can't help rank them a bit higher, sometimes, since they do have the wonderful Tim Howard...
Well we got trumpet on a folk song about Miles Davis called Magnificent Sounds -
Happy 100th anniversary to the sinking of go titanic
My mother has fallen in love with the seafood linguine from so time to ring for carry out before she goes back to the burbs!
Do not tell me what you know I can use to gain advantage over you, because I will use it.~Bill Gates.
"the next thing I know we were on his bed going at it" ahahahahahahaha story to start my day
People who review on Yelp & give 2stars than say "food/service was excellent! However, the location was less than desirable" need to die
If I go to bed now I can potentially get 8 hours of sleep! I'm so doing it. Goodnight!
Cartmenez student has no computer but LAUSD has money for a twitterer! Gives new meaning to TWIT!
:"guess what?! I've had two awkward encounters with squirrels today!" Haha. Gotta love our conversations :)
McBee may look like Sonny Bono, but Cats are playing like Cher.
Iconic boyz! :D there my fav.(:
...of course we'd return to a non-functioning boiler.
Fact of the day! Nolan Ryan holds the record for most no-hitters at 7! He also has the most strikeouts at 5,714!
Yeah, me too Rock.... Great line up this year, always!
Goodnight tweeters
Ask for #referrals, the worst outcome is you end up where you started!
thank you very much i appreciate it :D
It's still a beautiful day! May we recommend a visit to the museum's sculpture garden to see the vibrantly colored works of Gabarro´n?
whoa. nice setup!
i knoow! I just wanna get the hell out of that place -.-
Thank YOU :)
We handle teeth straightening using Invisalign system. Please call us if you have any questions. We r located in Sorrento Valley
The presence of the 76ers makes the next round of the playoffs significantly less interesting.
of course ya penis head. Some people just can't let go
i miss them 3 amazing guys on stage... :( #JonasWorldTour2012 or #JonasWorldTour2013 ? PLEASE <3
thx for the follow..
That was a good ass nap!
Now I literally have a week until I leave New York. If you'd like to see me before I leave, please let me know.
There's no better shot than the topless woman using her hands as a bra
Thanks for teaching us how to dance and for all the great memories. RIP Don Cornelius. Love, Peace & Soul!
Damn this girl looks just someone I know lmao and her name is the same in some way lmao
congrats, did you do a John Cleese style 'silly walk'
now that's dedication!
I know I'm only supposed to tweet about BVB but I'm SO EXCITED FOR FALLING IN REVERSE TONIGHT!!!!
#Whoami? Stand up comic/mixed martial arts fanatic/psychedelic adventurer/occasional tv whore
Damn! I think ours would look eerily similar. I need to sign up for that ASAP!
Just came from a booksigning, never do these things, Fastest 10 seconds of my life!!
Devouring Easter candy boom
Haven't been to PR for a game, but McAfee was better than I had anticipated. No seat restrictions. Lots of green. Not bad.
Sitting in the SAN airport bummed. Flight 186 delayed; might miss my connection...happy bday to my lil sis
#FirstWordsOutOfBensMouthWhenHeWakesUp "Did I make the save?" lol love you ben, can't wait to see you!
I feel you on this xD
#3WordsForYou Who's That Boy?
on my way to crystal palace
thanks. I actually got caught up in birthday festivities and didn't get a chance to get out while I was there.
"Oh snap, a lady riding a horse!"
Bacon wrapped hotdog hangover
All you need is 20 seconds of bravery! <3
Looking for some part time work...send your leads my way if you have them.
It's a media blackout and something big will happen today or tomorrow. I question who really owns that site.
Now we have to get LA signed!
I would LOVE to reconnect with you two at #aam2012. Let's plan on it.
We Gon Have Some Shiit To Talk About At The Lunch Table Monday Morning
I found the magazine you did not lie!
hell yeah
he will
off to bed. i want a monkey :l
Thanks for telling people about us! DM us if you get a chance
Good morning Drew! Im at work! On lunch will be jamming out to #TheResolution as always! Have a wonderful day Drew!
So, I have the best mother ever... that is all :)
anyone can learn to code / everyone should learn to code
you may be the only other Twitter-er i've seen with their MBTI in their profile. "Like" cc
There's a bird chirping outside my window... -__-
Happy to see today. What a treat! Thanks Mike.
you mean Nashville?
And happiness, of course, is a Fender tube amp on 10....
"Come enjoy a customer dinner favorite = Frutti Di Mare: mussels, shrimp, scallops & clams in a garlic wine sauce over linguini!
Big Congratulations to on their win in
Whatever you are going through remember: God brings us into deep waters, not to drown us, but to cleanse us!
Waking up and sitting on the balcony watching the ocean >>>>
I have a beautiful #coat I had custom made in #Italy that I will have in the store opening Maybe I wore it 5x?
lol..how are u?
I forgot to mention that Coach Blankenship will be honorary camp doctor at Thought might be interested.
RT : Whole Bush era is like some massive trauma we've collectively suppressed. Minute it ended we stopped talking/thinking about it.
Glad you like the mittens (hope they aren't too big). Someday you should entertain the twitterverse with photos of them in use!
only 12 episodes?! That's bullshit. Where do I complain to?
brb gonna go get what just told me tatted on myself <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Thanks for the #FF love.
Banana binge starts now
I need to check the mail...! Fam always late
i'm actually in that same mood today - we're occupying the same brainspace! It's kinda scarey in here..
Breaks my heart when Vera cries. :(
She said SOME Beliebers. Calm the hell down.
Wow, I hit a following limit. The world, she is cold.
New watch, why bother? Not moving.. I haven't met a watch yet that can handle this energy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
All, Don't forget to cancel ALL PLANS for Friday and come see us at with and instead Love, Murley
Everyone, welcome to twitter and follow my bro from another mom .
I don't believe in love at first sight. It means your falling in love with someones appearence, and not their personality.
I shook my family tree, and a bunch of nuts fell out.
What are some good new song out??
we shall fill it next week!
Think I got the cutest message ever to wake up to this morning :')
Thats it. Im done now.... For good
sorry about the lobster arms! Other than that, she was looking' hawt.
Maybe you can mention something else about me ( :
I'd take him in a heartbeat, if he didn't cost us too much.
Totally!!! RT : RT : This is why rules the world!
First iPad app "Zombie Smackdown" is complete
Successfully completed my first hot yoga class. Deciding if I am in love or may die..
This wind..... Smh
Tracy Tingley Hula Hoops with kids today in the Children's Room! 11:00a-noon.
ATTENTION!!! Hotels & Flights at the LOWEST prices...GUARANTEED! Get ‘em here! www.FreeXpedia.com
While I'm already ready for a nap. I really am craving a giant bowl of pasta!
We do not just stop at teaching musicians how to be successful in the music industry!
I stand corrected! RT :
General question: Are the Patriots just a a tough team to negotiate with in General?
Did someone call an ambulance last night? I think Maria killed the paso doble...
Oh yah! And Emma Stone is my fave actress atm :)
Sitting scanning trying to find something to watch
Trusting you was my decision, proving me right is your choice.
I love you so much <21
Rise and weet!
Thanks for a gr8 Wednesday! See you tomorrow at 8am!
trivia tonight Melissa hm
"Effective" being a big part of it. a message repeated from two sources that don't have strong, direct links=broad support
No WAY! Pete wears his all the time...should prob take him shopping but I get a kick out of ppl's confusion. #spoon? #tiger?
Fugees might be the best station I've ever heard on Pandora.
Full, tired, back to business tomorrow
#Brewers it's opening day!! Let's beat the Cardinals and show them who REALLY should have won the World Series!!
Met brewer from last night. Said Madison has a great beer scene and more excitement than hes seem at alot of other beer weeks.
hi there…where are you based?
What do you see when the pillsbury dough boy bends over?
The uber fucking rich can suck my cock too.
Looks hungry
love that beer!
We hope you had a good weekend!!
I knew that!! RT Procrastination Essential to Innovation? Probably great news for many seniors right about now!
I can't wait to get home relax and get ready to watch the game!!!
#RichardBranson Poised Creation in Buffalo would like to pay homage!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the pet parents out there as well. You make a difference too!
#3WordsForYou go with it :)
Hope everyone has a safe and fun Labor Day weekend!
If I could have lunch with any famous person in history right now, it'd have to be KRS-1. Who's your choice?
order me some too. Thanks
Crying at Seize the Day's video. Omfg that's sad.
That's not just , it's all Pennsylvanians. Fred Waring had notoriously expensive walrus tusk veneers.
just got off the phone with my ex !
I Really Miss Spaddy Though:'(
The BeBop Bowl ! EggBeater, Roasted Tomatoes, Cheddar Cheese, Bacon w/Toast 4 only $3.49
I think I'll quit packing the house since I leave for Guatemala in a little over 5 hours...I'm beat
Happy Memorial Day weekend! Be safe and heart wise!
Dirty birds are all done. Ha ha.
I Cried When I found out we knew a mutual person
Hello musicians! are you practicing?!? Perfect practice makes perfect ;-)
It is a juggling act most days! :)
Helped my cousin get ready for prom. So cute
A busy day draws to a close! Who wants ice cream! ;)
XD lol that is very little! Are they cool/good? Why so little shoujo?
It's going to be GREAT!!!
how in gods name do i get rid of the thumbnail on the folioway theme?
He had the nerve to ask??
nope Noah's car.
currently addressing this issue through faceting. Looking forward to the IIPC demo. use conf. for these reasons!
Just trying to get you off my mind..<U+E40E>
It's all about the #LAKERS now!!!
you dudes still over at the studio?
#laundryday oh what a thursday
Good morning ! Hope you had a fantastic weekend. Approx. cab fare SFO -> hotel is $35 -$45. Can't wait to see you here! ;)
"This president has brought us out of the dark and into the light." \\ I sincerely hope this is talking about types of beer
Big idea 10: New Neighborhood Park: at Johnson and Bassett (zero lot line & some buildings already planning to be removed)
I remember in year 9 , my textiles teacher said I look kinda like a model cos I looked anorexic and like an alien : /
Happy Birthday George Lucas!
Austin is rad. ;)
Advantage of being colorblind: You can solve a Rubik's cube as soon as you pick it up!
Last night my Dog saved me from another dog attacking me. She jumped on top of this dog that came charging at me. So scary-LuvMyDog.
#gudevening. How r u ?
It's okay! I was hoping we would get a Foursquare badge unlocked for the achievement. ;-)
Yeah I got a place around the corner... I told Jerry to hit me up.....
RT : Can we talk about Gabe Watson being railroaded bc Troy King likes to go on the Today Show?
Off to Vegas in a few hours, lotta big meetings, wish me luck!
getting my hair cut today.... happy but i think I'm getting a lot off :O
what time does movie start
you are such a freak with numbers. It blows my mind how smart you are... Tell everyone at the office I said hi :)
Working track meets at LSU-yesterday was my kids state meet- working1today&tomorrow then next week 4 days of #SEC championship
no that is fine you can turn it in, just make sure to highlight it or something so we see it
chilling what's good on Yo end? That track was tuff.
i feel like im influenced to be mean
better than them being in competition...hopefully ROH brings back the rectangle corner pad
A brain lift. Snap.
Upland's Bad Elmer's Porter on tap at a wedding. Yummy. Kept us nice and warm, too.
Getting these two organic labs done within the next two hours. <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096>
I really do wish the clock stopped in the last 2 minutes on a 1st down in the
yeah, but you get to add "make awesome music" under the "things I'm good at" column. Balances the score a bit.
Gelato is a fab pickmeup after a dull morning of stove and fridge shopping
Today is Friday . today is my birthday :) :)
RT : Know your budget - do you have enough to meet sales goals and execute your tactics?
OutKast rapper Big Boi was arrested on Sunday in Miami on charges of illegally possessing drugs including ecstasy and Viagra.
when is this wing night happening. I'm starting to crave em'
We're here.
I am El Nino. Yo soy El Nino. For those of you who don't habla espanol, El Nino is Spanish for: The Nino.
Come and get 'em! McD's famous Egg McMuffin sandwiches!
Be sure to call, text, tweet, or email your local station and request "Old School" today !
Never a dull moment! :)
I'm at that point in the semester when my term papers are a complete mess and I have nothing interesting to say about my personal life.
Comment boxes are God's gift to aggrieved white dudes. I thought 's post was good.
my studios bangin : )
Cracking up at the comments by this dude in my Humanities class...
kenley doesn't look ready to take the job yet. we're in for some interesting ninths...
Giants baby!
An awesome one :D
Thank you for stopping in. We appreciate having you as a customer. Have a great day!
will do
Coldstone and metro with holly :)
Off to the mall :3 <3
Lacquered duck breast small plate. Recipe for
Hope the Chargers wear 55 patches this season.
The kindest word in all the world is the unkind word, unsaid. ~ Author Unknown
Looking forward to seeing Liz Hurley carry Jill Milan's Pacific Heights clutch on Gossip Girl Monday night at 8:00 P.M. on CW...
2012 Election Candidates – Gingrich Attacked by Conservative ...
Oh that is rad
Old dudes whistle happy tunes in public places just to piss you off.
Damn. I'll continue trolling YouTube for his songs.
where do you travels take you this weekend Max?
followed ;D
The PAC-10 has the best record so far in regional play but somehow wasn't good enough to get a single top 8 seed
gilr!! thats exactly what I look like lol. I need to do that right now.
lol back at you :) what's new with you?
Maybe I'll shave my legs tonight. #threeweeks and counting.
Burnt cheez-its are the best.
Search others for their virtues, thyself for thy vices. – Benjamin Franklin
hahahahhahahahahhahahhahahahahhahagahgagagaga, when did you take that?!!!
you going to the game this weekend or staying in Manchester and rubbing it in to the city fans. Maybe smash a couple. Haha
Gotta be at work tonight for Black Friday at 8:30pm.
“: A final from Jupiter: Marlins 6, Mets 5” so the mets suck on other planets too..
Do it...And bring paper! :) RT : I swear I'm going to move there just so that I can participate in FAFDET
amen to that. So loyal I can't keep friends from their lack of loyalty.
Austin Is Amazing
I would but by the time I get there the soup is gonna be cold. Lol
Haha. Drive safe man! Awesome track!
yeah his friends..
I want fucking chipolte! Like now!
FIRE IN FOOTHILLS?
The Winner of the Tigers/Yankees series wins the World Series. I'm leaning towards Tigers
The Tim Tebow of Queens.
I need to find the video. Can't remember if it was a phone or camera shoot.
OW. Just accidentally cut my index finger with a kitchen knife. Bandaid on, ignoring the cut. I don't have time for minor injuries right now
Thanks for the follow! You are Elizabeth's business partner, right?
good morning, tweeters and facebookers! make it a great day!
Ready for a Spotted Cow!
Just whenever! If possible, before 8:15!
Signing off until the New Year - Happy Holidays everyone! See you January 3, 2012.
#AMovieToDescribeMyEx the notebook
Due to unregulated increases in volume, idiots will no longer be tolerated.
: The #kohails community is not just devs! Lots of non-devs (eg Brooke) are important!
y said that he wanted to outlive K even though K is by far the younger man.
all the greats don't last for 3 years...
Yeah, we need to hold on here
Releasing a Grimes remix this week. You excited? And I'm heading to NYC in March. Let's hang. In or out?
New program developing to support writers. Fund them to write their work for various platforms to develop the final form. Transmedia!
I have no patience for anyone today
Hold up who dared to argue/ yell at ?!?!? They must be out of their mind! :o
Oh I see. Well that's gay
neglects me.
lol yeah , but I changed my mind I ain't going til next week
That's an easy one to like! Jessie is getting a lot of "likes" fast.
quit scoopin us
1 in a million chances to see my tweet:'(
Hey, that library is actually in a pretty nice part of that neighborhood, comparatively speaking.
Show Villains some love. They're about to be doing big things!
I'm glad we r friends
I saw that... If anyone has learned coping skills, its him.. He's stronger than we all know
If you wanna get with me there's somethings you gotta know. I like my beats fast and my bass down low.
could i get a shoutout (:?
Quiz is always good, even if we don't win ;)
RT : AECSM, #AIA, #SMPS Join us for "So your firm thinks social media is a bad idea?" #AECSM chat in progress NOW!
I smell a Great week coming on!
what state are you from?
Rut ro! : Uh oh. I'm starting to like driving in MA a little TOO much. #jerseydriver vs
awesome!!! RT “: “We’re wearing white, that means its our house.” – Ray Allen in Miami.
Bo! The cable is out.
Breathe- Taylor Swift <3
The only thing more epic than today's Chelsea Barca game will be the party Roman Abramovich is going to throw tonight.
YA MAKE SURE YA FOLLOW MY SIS asap she
Men earn more than women so they can pay the therapist to help deal with their angry, underpaid wives. It's simple, unfair math.
What the price like in UK?
Freshly showered <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
Good Morning! <U+E056> Hope everyone has a great day! God Bless!
No worries - What do you think of the new interface? We love hearing feedback/suggestions/etc!
what did cascade do...?
RT : 's from Carnitas Tacos showcased in 's beautiful shots - make these 4...
Is it just us, or do people get offended way more quickly an easily nowadays than ever before?? Like if you feel us.
Just 20 minutes from now, catch entire Timbers game replay on Root Sports (7:30pm). For those who want to see first 11 min of game.
Everybody - pls #ff If only bcuz it has a cool new profile pic ;)
At the opening presenation at the Pardot conference with
This liveable city is killing me.
boo :( I've also found the BMV to be overly complicated and judgey.
well thats awesome!!!=D
It's the CRSS event you don't wanna miss....February 25, 2012. For more info contact us at
“: getting out sandwich on with and ” it will be ready in a minute hope you enjoy :)
#newspaces4learning Yep, I grow a lot through trial and error and rethinking
Thanks to for being my first instagram follower!!! Aha
my pleasure. wish i had the time, or phone, to make a big run of that. coulda been great.
It is better to create than to learn! Creating is the essence of life. - Julius Caesar
That's hilarious!
#TWfact Nathan said when he gets a girlfriend he will treat her like a princess and go out of his way to do anything for her.
did you already have the raffle??!
Going tonight? ICYMI: Park all night for $5 at Furniture lot, or take Purple Line.
Talking to God is like talking to a friend on the telephone. We may not see Him on the other end but we know He is listening.
HERES TO ALL that doesn't miss him/her, but misses who they USED TO BE
Whats life gotta say about it stranger
Happy #Easter, everyone!
she looks like every other female in that business...
#Np Gotta Be - Jagged Edge (:
Let's brainstorm, KB... Bring your brain; I'll bring a storm.
are you sure it's not the other way around?
Who's more on fire? The Mariners or Lady Gaga. discuss among yourselves.
just testing your email.
Slept through louieville
Check out my friends blog, cool food stuff MT I'm back! Let's celebrate with some tequila! Don't worry, it's totally classy.
Woo, that chicken mole slider has a kick - delicious though! Meant to ask, you'll be at the Rev Brew thing on May 25?
Off to the Florida Funniest Comedian contest semifinals In mode & in great spirits! Hope to put on a show and get some work! ///
Full band show tonight ! 1130pm
Pastor Chris Lyons preaching on Jesus this morning. All Jesus, all the time.
This is a city of big spirits says Bruce in NOLA. He is such an authentic communicator. Nails it in every town.
We recommend the DIR model & Floortime which we use at #autismchat RT : T3. Let's talk therapies...
I'm ready!
wish I could #follow back, #twitter is trying to #regulate and #control ... seems like a form of
Omg gym class heroes was actually good!
Excuse me, its clear from the overhead angle he kicked Carcillo's STICK out from between his legs. Stop the lies
It is nuts that opting out of standardized testing has risen to the level of civil disobedience.
Everyday Americans 2 B REALLY proud of: #WiPeople. Ordinary turns Extraordinary; Duty-driven
Cooling wit the bro Q.. on some country shit.
just finished 2.5 pages on my sisters 6 page essay.. #imtired <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> goodnight!
Yep, the Singularity is here.
still don't have a car eh?
Happy Birthday, Roma! You don't look a day over 2, 760.
Does the movie count, I've seen it so many times that I can now sing most all the parts.
Thanks so much, Matt. Appreciate that. Any chance we'll see you on the 28th? Just a quick train ride from NYC.
we hope to make it there soon.
Tried my GoVino glasses last night w/ & they were fabulous. It's a great sub since I didn't have my Riedal w/ me.
whats good Bro ? Hows your friday so far ?
On the phone wit SOS!!!!! Can't fall asleep
It's summer!
What a run...
feeling like I'm getting sick <<<
Bench points: Clippers 39 Grizzlies 11
great time and thanks for hanging out with me bestie....much needed.
ok I didn't really cry but you know
Watch us live today on at 9:30! Chef Matt is preparing a perfect Prime Rib, sides, wine pairings, gift ideas & more!
lol not sure why it matters, but I believe its Peni
At capitol Christmas tree lighting
YES!!!! You are amazing... i finally have my female role model! THANK YOU!
hahah - yes! Are you here at
it's not rape if u enjoy it;)
« You Lion sayin you Hard knowin you Lack Courage #OldBarsssss»
Screened my #timelapse installation for my clients tonight - couldn't have gone better. So excited to see it in their venue!
7eggs N 7pancakes. Don't mind If I do.
I love you! Come see me! <3
Okay I'll Make There Next Time
my twitter was BLOWING UP and I couldn't understand why! Haha! Thanks girl :) sushi soon?
#Hiring Electricians & Pipefitters in Oak Park, MI. Send resumes to for a great #job opportunity!
too true. Pumpers are better than thumpers after all
Been up since 'round 1
I realized why theres no hot young women in wisconsin, why would a sexy ambitious woman wanna stay in Wisconsin after highschool?!?
I recall having a Monte Carlo style heavy as hell "composite" choate brand stock. Was a beast.
the best show on earth! "You look familiar..." So I'm curious is this radio show thing on or not? I have to book my week.
Wait… do you mean SQL (the platform-agnostic language) or Microsoft SQL Server (a software product)? Those are 2 diff. things.
RT Good morning sweetie RT good morning love;)
Nicole Scherzinger and Steve Jones Not Returning to “X Factor” -
So apparently my FB was hacked and people have been getting horrible messages from it. I seriously could cry. None of this is me!
any chance you will accurately & without bias discuss the presidents disturbing treatment of the supreme court.. Comments?
great meeting you and our Buddhist friend
I'm done trying to please you and make you not mad at me, I'm sick of it. Either stay and try and not make you mad at me..(cont)
This a.m. has included Twitter lessons, detours and off-roading, and discussing selling me into slavery. Love this job, man.
of course! Are you performing again, this year?
Hey - You giving it to the DJ in Asia? (And having a fun time?)
he said something like he only anchors twice. Super Bowl Sunday. And one other Sunday. This time mother's day
I don't need you and your chipmunk friends
Our prayers go out to the families of those lost in the OSU plane crash.
That's SO ridiculously awesome. Good for you, Jenna!!
Welcome to Portland & !!
not at pharma, but have had fun at #ache and #sxsh. best way is to build community prior to event
HOLY SEXGOD I LOVE YOUR ICON<33333
all truths darling.
I maybe in love with the door man.
specially when its that good shit..
How about "deconstruct?" As in, "Let's deconstruct that pivot and look at the underlying paradigm shift." Also, Deleuze.
it's one of the few things I'm in love with!
RT : Follow If your a Colt McCoy Fan! <-hey thanks a bunch
There will be Gatorade at several water stations along both the Full and Half Marathon courses.
It's been real Pierce, will always be "The Truth".Passed Bird in scoring,great leader. Time to go home to LA,clippers though.
Laughter is an amazing medicine.
Lindsey Lohan needs a makeover.
Doors open when you knock, but you have to knock and not stop knocking. The next door may very well be the one that opens
He'll probably gey a kick outta dat...I noe u would neva hurt him...we all luv him every part of him *fanz self*
RT if you believe i love you... I really really do i pray i get to meet you one day
we do like to throw stones and shit at other people , its human nature...
oh no hahaha that was fast!
I wanna write "I miss you" on a rock and throw it at your face so you know how much it hurts to miss you.
Yeaaaahhhhh its okay with me.
Today is #NationalKissDay and tomorrow is #NationalHugDay :)
The Norton...creating back problems for years to come.
hokai. I shall! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Dude 2k 12 man...how u make dat game any more real den it already is smh
lol in this case, better
I know the feeling. Thanks for the share.
I was raised never show a girl how you really feel...i learned my lesson many times but i still do
lol no doubt... I'll see what I can do tho
well you sometimes need the beer to make that hump look better. Lol
Putting the finishing touches on Episode 28 of Parlour to Parlour for The footage looks BEAUTIFUL. Posting on Monday!
Ideas for #web2.0 tools - #edu and more! "From Traditional Instruction to Instructional Design 2.0" via
Thank You so much! Happy New Year to you!! :) Have a great day!
His wish is to hear from you, please make it happen!
London bridges falling down!
Woj: "I can't see KG taking an extra year and a little bit more money to go lose in New Jersey"
I hate folding clothes :-/
Apparently, my sister and I, both in NYC, have unknowingly been cooking the exact same Tex-Mex meal at the exact same time.
Love it!
Not a good idea to run in FL at noon! Ugh! Muscled still fatigued! ;( I just finished a 3.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
At BWI gate- we'll make it for the show!
Rap is supposed to be poetry not a rant about your money and hoes...
Ceiling Fan Cleaning 101 via
Yes! Here we come with #BTFS at the 2013 #SAGawards!
That's what flasks are for. :)
what pimp..hey what new song about something my swag thats real hot right now?
paid = to be expected.
is going to the Clarkston Union.
I'M DOING MY FOLLOW BACKS RIGHT NOW HOLLA AT ME
For real?? Yeah, I'll definitely let you know! Probably Saturday morning at 9:30 again. :]
Yup one of these days
How far are you? Want to meet up?
the map one lol
you're very welcome!
Mike deserves credit for his involvement in MMA journalism. He gave a platform to MMA when there wasn't any.
Grace-HIS UNEARNED AND UNDESERVED FAVOR!!!!! HIS CHOICE!! Sin no longer has rule over us, WE R GRACE BABIES!!!!!!.
People used to just congratulate friends on accomplishments. Now we say it to random celebs on Twitter. It's really kind of strange
"Old man move" lol I love Shaq!
GOgroove DynaMIX High-Performance Earbuds with In-Line Hands-free Mic and Playback Music Controller – Includes Flat No-Tangle Cord and
This is right up Natasha's alley: shoot subject with face to the camera but their eyes not looking at the camera. What's up with that?
Where were all these LeBron fans last June?
#hassynyc The tonal range captured with the H3DII could never have been achieved with my 35mm DSLR.
Cats are smarter than dogs. You can't get eight cats to pull a sled through snow. - Jeff Valdez
Cole Adkins must of an IQ of 900! He's our strategic accountant!!!
I just wanna talk to Cj . Anytime now .
so i see you like one direction...i love them....none of my friends like them it sucks
I used to be an adventurer like you. Then I took an arrow to the knee...
the question isn't who would you like to take, it's who would you like to drown? *grins*
where do I send email?
No. She's gonna be with me.
I know, h you know I'm like Howard Wallowitz to make it in a easier way to understand what's wrong with me
Where you are now is only the sum of the previous actions you have taken. You have the power to make a change.
Some guy was all "dam girl you& them big beautiful eyes" gtfo lol
RT A man's biggest mistake is giving another man an opportunity to make his woman smile.
Who totally rocks the Twittterverse? !!!!
where are you?
ii want a dog..may get Peebles from Kee n dogsit for a while..she be neglecting her..kmsl
#Shannahan #NHL discipline far more consistent than #Doerkson is with WHL discipline
how are you ?
Tia's in on my show today. Meet me later today at the new Guitar Center in the Brandywine Town Center between 4 & 6 p.m.
Good Morning!!<U+2665> C:
I have been doing the same... #GoPackGo We are doing work
RT : I walk in then I turn up, pocket full of 100's, shawty got a tan like she come from the bahamas!!
I don't know if Prince could handle the Texas heat. MT Breaking: #Rangers are meeting today with Fielder at Dallas-area hotel.
DH at GW some are doing it without DH label. I'll give names offline depends on the subject
i need a nap so badly right now
SUPER DUPER!!!
lets win this baby
Did you watch Skins last night? What do you think of the show? Like it? Hate it?
Sometimes you just gotta stick with it when it's good!
Then I call on to release ALL polling data associated w/ most recent poll. %'s, Targets, ?'s etc. She won't.
Okay Thursday, here I come you better hang the eff on
Hello Super Diamond! Nice to see the #supertweets! See you at Nokia! xo
free historical novel to those abroad.Award winning author,Clouds Across the Sun www.Smashwords.com no money use code DZ72J Enjoy
Is anyone going to cater to my every need? My coffee clearly needs a refill.
? There's no negativity in that, it's just a lot of canned food?
Dear highly attractive and downright sexy Park Ranger, you can fight my fire any day. XOXO Rian
Fun night in NODA.......miss buff ppl
Fans of #redevelopment should consider sending their OWN MONEY directly to private developers. Leave the taxpayer out of it. Problem solved.
The Adjustment Bureau actually one of the most romantic movies out there. Pretty much a chick flick, in a good way.
Aw, thanks. They had a lot of fun with the play food, but if you read tomorrow's post, you'll see real food, not so much!
nicely done, wp
You'll see me? Really? Is that in the same line as the threats you made last time? If you can't handle criticism -- drop your game.
ABC is easy as 123 or simple as DO RE MI ABC 123 baby you and me boy(: I love the way you sing this!!!
sorry boo <3
Must be nice!!! I guess I feel better now? LOL
I wonder if the nuggetts know that they can win this game a change the series ... fuck the
#3WordsOfAdvice ITS BO TIME
there are many fakes out there of Hailie in twitter! Some of them are true???
#ladygaga to wake me up for work :)
I really don't care. - Bloop!
I seem to recall a line in Batman Begins to that effect...
Bitches. What's good?
Duncan, Ginobili & Parker reminding the Clippers that they’ve been doing this together for a combined 33 years. lol
Interesting sidenote: I think Horkheimer increasingly turned to religion late in life.
Thank you for following us. Tell all your friends about rollback tolls we need to support.
Ah I see! Well good to know now!
Now u ain't got no gun...so where da weed at????
Great idea! Thanks :)
is giving abs to the needy and drinking a Redline :-)
God I love to see the Patriots lose, but I hate to see the Ravens win.....
ha, wow, I sound like a wuss...going into winter here is 75 degrees! It's just that watermelons are out of season. ;-)
going to beat my sis up
That's awesome! Great work!
Thank you and :)
I'm not mean, your too sensitive.
Thanks, can't wait to try it! Maybe in a club shipment soon? :)
Life has taught us that love does not consist in gazing at each other but in looking outward together in the same direction.
agreed, they stood out to me too. Scary combination of injury-prone players & probably issues w/ medical/training staff.
yes it is! Lol then, meeting the man :-)
At BookPeople, observe and report on Dave Eggers!
looked so damn gorgeous in her maxi photo shoot... godbless yu sweetheart nd hurry nd drop that damn album of yourz... W.O.R.D.
Who is ready for some football??
LOL. Really, your 1st? You were a Nutella virgin?
I also have it formatted for Mac AND PC but it's never recognizable as a usable drive on ANY PC I plug it into.
have stockport brought many???
Happy Halloween!!!
Today's the first game I play after being out for 9 months<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
listening to whotune radio and new songs added this week. do you have the app? NO iPhone or an android, I listen online...old skool! HA!
What a nice Day ! , Morning
Thx for all the re-tweets for 2nd Street SoundCheck! Hope u all had fun!
I had an amazing time this weekend. Just sayin.
RT : TONIGHT @ 7pm in the Schine - Reflecting on the Bicentennial of the War of 1812
My mom laughing like it's funny. Ain't nothing funny man!
I could use a few glasses of wine
Found the perfect dress for homecoming... i'm so frikken excited!!! :D
tony Allen
#ffcs is off the chain #atl at encore
Macho = a real typographer who makes type u can read all day and never get tired + hairy chest, fat stomach, lots of dandruff
the founders of twitter
Getting ready for my final parts in my short film tonight. Death of a screamking.
Still time to pull a power move ladies!
Do gnats resurrect themselves and come flying back to taunt you, or do I just have a whole house full of gnats?
Attending Institute of Management Consultants #IMCUSA Chapter Leadership Conference re: professionalism and ethics in cconsulting
and im not drinking or doing drugs, even though i don't already. and everyone that does do those things, i'm ridding them from my life.
then stop tweeting! Lol
Rondo makes 7-8 mill a year less than other elite PG's
RT Do a little surfing of your own. Note headlines, styles and topics that attract you - integrate them into your own writing
People on the train listening to their crappy dub step so loud we all have to suffer... Happy Monday
i love you princeton :)
Have seen their 8-second interview clips on youtube yet? Have you caught that? Just making sure
hahaha! I wonder how many ppl will actually be there! We are leaving for Red G in the AM :)
#latin of the day - Cogita ante salis. - "Think before you leap."
Do you ever wake up and say, "God, I wish I could watch four basketball games today"? Day four, NBA D-League
I'm not average
Batting practice at Target Field, apparently.
hey I am upset
Getting ready to see Inception in a little while. Yup getting lucky enough to see it 3 days early. I'll let you know how spectacular it is.
Is it appropriate for speakers to show videos during a live session? Is that less engaging?? 3 in one lightning round after lunch???
there is no room on our couch
Awww, thanks! What a nice thing to say!
u know who I'm thinking of right now lol“: Hard to believe there are some people who are unaware of what morals are”
Josh is the best! Food just keeps appearing in front of me.
Grand Opening on May 17th for in North Park!
Guys i got a C on my midterms for my online class! :D
Let's go beat OKC! beat OKC! beat OKC!
Troubled Athletes? PostTramaticSportsSyndrome? Concussions? Broke Finances? Will someone out there agree w me~1 word: CHOICES??
Episode 1 in 3D!!!!! I'm as excited as the first time I saw it. D
I'm addicted to gum.... So addicted my jaw hurts..
#RHONJ I cant wait till the new season!!!
And the winner is..... Bounty Hunter!!!!
I wasted a beautiful sunny day for this? What a horrifying series
If I wasn't so overwhelmed, I'd laugh. Let them watch me; others can do the real work. RT : you're being followed by the NYPD
LONDON: Artists for Woman for Woman International Charity Auction at Christies huge success to support Woman in Conflict Zones.
I gave benadryl the 1st time she mentioned it. Didn't seem 2 have any effect. Don't know what 2 do. Its really bothering me.
#Inaperfectworld, my bottle of wine wouldn't end, #JaxTeller would we real, and #CTandDiem would get married.
Omg!!!! The rotisserie chicken @ the market smells like heaven! Its gonna go fast! WOW!!!
hello from the back of the room!
Such a fun day yesterday! Great win last night by the Rebels, and now getting pumped up for the #49ers game today! Can't wait til 330!
w/ the 17yo one, we were told by Falls Rd Animal Hospital that he had cancer & 2-3 months left. A year later we put him down.
totally agree
my 65 y.o. Mother is mad at GOP. What does that tell you.
Did you see the dessert food truck outside tonight? Follow for updates! Ice cream, sorbet, cookies, whoopie pies & more
Swim class kicked my ass this morning. Shared lane with a couple of guys faster and younger. Never so glad to see that 1 hr end
I don't think you could shove any more #Spartans in this bar. GO GREEN!!!!
Miami ball movement the last few minutes has been spectacular.
The #mnwild score less than fat dudes at Comic-Con these days.
What an alcoholic lol RT : The ring of fire is hands down the best drinking game
it's quite morbid, but beautiful. I've heard the smell is unbearable.
If only green didn't make us come to chorus...
Combined with sensible nutrition, exercise could save billions in healthcare costs.
Canon AE-1. I still have it.
it's a labor of love!
Odds are, if you're listening 2 me 2day on , you didn't hear how #Brewers beat #Cubs 6 hrs ago. I'll tell u. on news.
Almost 100 cappers with action posted so far this Tuesday but only 1 consensus so far on St Johns..Lot more to follow
I need to be reading...but I'm I doing that....nope.
you are Gold Coasts Finest.
yes it is! :) anytime, and thanks!!
Rachael is scary when she cries
Of the 12 AL batters with a BA of .300+ 4 are #Tigers and 3 from the
At this time tomorrow, I'll be at Kelly's. Thank God.
At my family Easter gathering...there are two white guys in the whole house...how the hell is golf on our television?
Peart always does it for me, but we need more!!
Halfway through the week, but this is going to be a long day... Happy humpday folks.
what's good today?
the idea or quote that draws an editor in and makes her want to keep reading past page one
Things are going well. I am blessed good brother. How have you been?
Agreed. NATURAL all the way. I use coconut oil that my mom brought back from the Philippines. (I love #beauty chat on twitter)
yeahh him & Austin together are like 1 big bundle of sweet & sexyness! :P lmao
sad, confused, whatevsies. you name it, I got it.
I remember the weirdest stuff from high school... mainly because my school was full of idiots. lol
God may not answer ur prayers in the way u expect, but He always answers in the best way.
are you a juggalo? Since when?
I love Midtown Groom and Board.
Looks like its going to be a boring and lonely day in Doral
Would it be possible to have you come speak in the future?
And a box of thin mints RT : now I remember why I don't buy full tubs of hummus: I treat them like a single serving size.
Why the Alex Grey avatar? The painting's name is Oversoul. You getting transcendent?
#FF so you don't miss when her latest #Pandora book comes out.
Have a bunch of updates coming this week, like new character reveals. We'll definitely keep you posted.
can't stand him!!!
i always neglect the people that care the most ugh
DONT!!! :) RT We're moving offices! What is your best moving tip?
-_- You stole my question!!!!!
what's the plan liv? Any updates on the big move to the big apple? #WeathersGettingPerfect! #FillMeIn x
lots of kilts and smells
cause i have my own superman, i call him DAD
Thanks for following! What a great platform you have created. We help finance startups/co's that are premature for a bank line.
Thanks for the tweet! =)
": drinking water, trying to get my life back on track. You?"hm okay, trying to figure out todays plan
thanks bud
you are not the only one who feels the drafthouse is slipping. Too many irons in the fire methinks
Looking forward to introducing to tomorrow. Followed by Mexican food, naturally.
they should have written SOS in lipstick on the wing! I really enjoyed the book.
Games on our TVs: NFL PIT @ WAS 7:30p
because its the only grade I knew I was getting! I wanna know how fucked I am in the other ones
Michael Jackson is my hero... I will love him forever, he was a great man!
I wish yall cld c this dress it iz beyond anything ive ever imagined
Maybe I should let this go ....
Young, Wild, & Free.
For homeowners&property owners to assist in the claims process&making it HASSLE FREE,seeing the repairs through to the end
Was not digging the Rashomon thing on Downton Shipwreck. Annoying. Why do writers ruin already dramatic story with fictional nonsense?
i would love too!!!
Very glad to hear that Black Rock sold, will be getting a theatrical release!
Notre Dame Tax Assistance is being at held at the Main Library on March 3, 24, and 31 at 1pm for those with incomes of $40,000 and under.
how does work ? Lol
The week & wknd (starting Mon p.m) was a clingy-kid vacuum punctuated by moments of awesome friends and family. Thank GOD for them :)
CBRE arranges US$49 million sale of Sè Hotel in San Diego, CA
Russia's Attempt To Emulate Occupy Protests Ends In Arrests via
Giving thanks for Prof Christopher Beeley, who taught me to love GNaz...and deepened my love of the
: Happy Birthday!
- Thanks for the Tall Trees of Tokyo mentions this week!
Sounds good, gonna grab one tonight! ;)
Hopefully the RHOC won't get that tacky
Hope you're enjoying your break...let's make 2012 amazing!
getting "transformed" in church today! I will get a picture!
Incredibly Realistic WoW Cosplay! (Photos) These elves have never looked so stunning!
Really don't want to do this essay . Z
lmfao, he is doing to much ;)
To be beautiful means to be yourself. You don’t need to be accepted by others. You need to accept yourself.
you have never been there, everyone there has large soulless eyes
Really? LOVE but best in the world? Idk
bro your spam is killn me
awww I misses u too...lots of sad faces....no one to get into trouble with down here!
Install an Emoji Icons app, get a graphical character set. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
We live in America where a girl who threw flour in Kim Kardashian was arrested on site but the man who killed Trayvon Martin is still free.
So sick of typing papers and cramming my nights full of homework.
Can't wait for you guys to perform!!!! I LOVE YOU POREOTICS!!!
does anyone wanna buy me some chips and cheese?
Anyone going to a wedding tomorrow (or having a wedding tomorrow)?
i wish i could go to your concert, i've been a fan since u 1st started out. But u sold out in san antonio in THREE MINUTE ...
Friends don't let friends become friends on Facebook.
The unemployment rate increased to 8.9% in April, up from 8.5% in March. Overall, employment has dropped by 13.7 million jobs.
r u mad too like
I won't hold my breath waiting for an apology for your crass, insensitive remark, but it really was.
Kevin Love posts an amazing 31 points and 31 rebounds in win over the Knicks. Granted, it was the Knicks...
lol I saw it homie. They should be winning these games, I still wanna see more. They have 2 much talent not to kill.
A2: It will help with attendance in small markets in Sept. needs to embrace social media in-game.
"Jesus didn't come to turn the world upside down- He came to turn it right side up!" Mike Glenn <Kairos Nashville>
Hi all! If you're interested in #green alternatives to marketing your business, follow to learn about our #corn plastic mugs!
$4 carbombs, $3.5 cherry bombs and $2 miller bottles till bar time. Happy Friday and summer feels good
The Notebook is on y'all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><U+2764>
I am so, so sorry for your loss.
The dudes on sound so uninterested during their monthly UFC prediction segments.
The Westown Farmer's Market starts Wed, June 6th. Let the countdown begin!
Had a good night for a change!
okay (; I have like 11 followers now.
sounds fascinating! I think we could sell some kegs in Chicago.
I AM DRAWING A CLIPPING PATH ON A PHOTO OF A PIECE OF CHEESE
As a guy with a Wed/Thurs weekend I've been in my office. I just had a full on weathertantrum at the forecast for the rest of the week.
Especially towards the end, grad school is largely an exercise in scheduling and juggling.
hanging out at Sheddy's
Keeping your business on top will be a challenge, but Google Places helps you do just that without any problems.
I love this kid on the playground who is not running around but standing up by the swings reading HP1.
My friend made me an account for something, & she didn't even tell me the password? But i figured it out MYSELF. #smart ;)
Blake is not D. Fish
never mind I found it :)
Thankfully, I have not seen the images here in the U.S. I would definitely be triggered as well.
Good morning twitter fam!! Jared isn't awake yet so be his personal alarm clock and give him a call this morning.
Love this...... RT Talent hits the target which no one else can hit; genius hits the target which no one else can see.
My attempt to start a new fashion trend by wearing a $2.99 non-branded Walgreens baseball cap is not working. Apparently I look like a narc.
I can't control my emotions right now. This fanfic is so cute.
Thursday night at Murphy's Law! Come out! Grab a beer!
what's up?!
I know - I had tears running down my face...
Premier party tonight at Solas in the East Village from 9-11. spinning! Then to Hudson Terrace!!
Such a privilege to have him on my team, I will never take a single minute of it for granted.
as special issue of Victorian studies coming out eventually w and Morretti.
Who's gonna support me if I go solo? No screams. Similar to Hollywood undead, 3OH3 and the ready set
Where can I purchase discount hi-tech gadgets? Any ideas?
I tapped a globe. I looked at my finger- Nouadhibou, Mauretania is the random place of my day.
Happy May Day, but more importantly Happy Birthday to my big sister!
A sound mind in a sound body is a short but full description of a happy state in this world. ~ John Locke
Eating #hibachi with my mommy :)
Yes im single maybe if you put mature men and not toddler boys who actually want a future I wouldn't be
I'm playing Zombie Jombie too. My friend code is: 6Q7L36
5am airport dropoff with awesome view of dawn lightning storm over Sierra Nevada
RT #ArentYouTiredOf liars and cheaters? I know I am. R-T if you hate em!!
25 minute caffeine nap! Go!
Glad I can tether my 4G internet from phone to laptop and have unlimited data plan. Seems wi-fi is down at hotel
Right. Better to be there in secondary hotel than not at all. Thinking... planning... must go.
Cut loose #footloose #MovieNightForOne yes please :)
ARC - gym feels good after missing out for a week.
90 degree weather! SHAVE ICE! SHAVE ICE! SHAVE ICE! Yes kids we won't forget it this weekend! @ CLACKAMAS YOUTH FOOTBALL OPENER!
awesome - which box? my norcal crossfit is up there.
Mark 9:23: Jesus said unto him, If thou canst believe, all things are possible to him that believeth.
Follow , she needs to have 10,000 followers by year's end.
So guys: What did you think about tonight's Oscars?
Someone switch seats with me?! is acting loca!
you deserved to lose...great job you were resilient.
going to Disney World next month, work and then a mini vaca with - CANNOT WAIT!
Exactly! Red pants are just so vibrant. =D
&& that's where I quoted South Park and said "It's my hot body and I'll do what I want!"
try THE EROTIC
My best joke to get mad laughs.....If Guy Fieri ever shows up at my house unannounced, I'm yelling rape!
FORVER JEALOUS OF
Glad you like our history map (and thanks for the tweet)! We aim to please!
I just told dis bitch eat it was now i realize you can't hold back no real talk you gotta tell like it is
that nap felt good....gotta go get groceries now :/
. Thanks, Mike. How was your race?
lol...that's mean. I didn't see it...u sayin he gain weight?
Always tired on sunday...
How about a "drop" within the ride like on 13 at
<U+266A>She wasn't with me shooting in the gym #<U+266A>
Very Cool. I will be ordering some
Omg , This Man License Plate Says " Too Bad "
haha I'm glad you enjoy them <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B1> the countdown starts ...
Okay, justin bieber just go get your sexy face on my tv screen already. thanks.
blood chocolate waffle, cake or ice cream?
We are looking to expand to Georgia, would you want to bring kettlebell group exercise to your facility with our program?
Get to know these people
Watch for Midday recipe of the day coming right up ----
#MannFan I love you<U+2764>Follow me;)
#goofynewsteases - "How I move my eyebrows a special way when I look in the camera... at 10."
haha your face last night was hilarious when started talking about sex in space :)))
Electrical engineering design project to aid track team - LSU The Reveille
nnot sure if thats how it goes.
I'm black and asian? Why didn't you give me a brochure earlier?
thanks for the registration tweet!
RT BrittBunni I gotta cut back on partying and spending money... I'm too close to my nursing degree to throw it away *__*
thank you!! Love all of your clothes and accessories!!
I think I saw a RT from you somewhere.... I'm great. Hope you're having a good week!
awe you will be missed! Good luck in all your adventures :) rock that graduation stage Sunday!
NATIONAL CHAMPIONS! I LOVE MY WILDCATS! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
follow back.
All im gonna listen to tomorrow at school is dis White Flame #motivated me
Let's help Bill Wixey! ": Wow. Just noticed I am 11 followers away from 10,000. Can you help me get there? Thanks!"
Just got a random $400 in the mail... Because someone screwed up at the mortgage company over a year ago!
New Speaker: to lead 90min workshop . Thanks for your support!
If you weren't so negative, I'm sure better things would happen to you.
Can one of those Oscar nominated sound editors fix the mic?
I've been working hard & haven't read it yet but she attacked NU grad students, right? You must've taken it quite personally.
its not a time limit to makin it where you wanna be as long as you get there!
I think doctors offices' scales are programmed to add on 5 extra pounds so you think you're fatter than what you really are. -_-
So incredibly depressed over the fact that I'm not able to see this weekend. D':
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning.” -Albert Einstein. HAVE A G'DAY!!
People can figure out all sorts of things about life, except how to be happy.
thanks for following!
thank you best friend !!!
actually... I'm not sore one bit.. Weird!
I know! Me too.
I'm not gonna lie I miss you too, darn it finally said it!
We finished mixing the last tune and now we are tiny minor mix tweaks. I hope there is time to Master today because then I will be done!
ah, the iPad is sufficient for now I see! I find it amusing that u connected twitter before ur email!
Got my tickets to see one direction next year!! So excited:)
Thanks! Love it. Ribs just came out of the smoker.
Really over here blasting "You Da One"-Rihanna.
good morning all. had fun scrolling my timeline and seeing and convo last night. crazy girls...lol
"O, is it fun to win!" ~ Jim Hunter
follow me:) I love you so much<3<3 NOTICE ME!
anyone got a green or blue screen for video chromakeying? looking to rent or buy, thanks!!!
RT : Why is the word "Short" longer than the word "Long"?
I hope Lebron wins the title every year until Seattle gets a new team. Let's go Bill Gates, make yourself usefull.
Definition of beautiful : [BE]a[U]tiful .
same here:)
Cool 5 mile run before the big birthday blowout celebration tonight
Woo hoo!!! Exciting win, rangers!
Reduce your plan to writing... The moment you complete this, you will have definitely given concrete form to the intangible desire.
I didn't give you a heart attack with weebly pages?
... No doubt a magnificent exhibition!
aren't you on my Instagram?
Been very busy working on my new novel "Love Isn't Painful" I almost forgot I had a fashion business.
Met some great artists yesterday on the South Side and in Polish Hill! Maybe you'll see them at Frazier Field?!
BOYS:If you see that shes acting weird, see whats up you dont want a hazy relationship
Less or more pressure on Andrew luck now?
If the universe is expanding what is it expanding into?
i got a blue one ! :D its so awesome . But it takes to long to charge :|
SAT word of the day: mercurial (adj.) characterized by rapid change
You never do what I expect you to..
#dogoodsummit starting now!
WineTable has featured Wine With Class, go grab a seat at the table and check us out
yeah! With and a few others :)
Thanks for coming out to the show!
Hey girl! I saw your dad at GA's show on Friday!! He is so funny! Wish you could have been there! :)
Twitter handles for everyone in that last tweet: Tom Roberge Chad Post Jeff
Hit me 3058798314
Just cast on Casting Shadows! WhooHoo!
i love her alot
i wanna do a TT !
depends...are you performing tonight? Lol...623
you just have to make some cozies that are woven in ikat or colorful afghan patterns and you have a complimentary product.
Im a tired pregnant bitch ! Goodnight #proudmommy <3333
We listened and we heard!! Pork Verde chile is back on and being served daily. Thank you for letting us know how much you love it. ENJOY!!
Spent all day in a "Mastering Meetings" class. Another 4 hours tomorrow. Do I get to wear a crown or something when I'm done?
NO DOUBT!!
100% agree. For us, assn's challenge is how to provide spaces for more change to happen and in a cost effective way.
Ready to go to rugby tomorrow and blow some steam off
Prom stuff with my domestic partnership partner :)
yes please!
Doesn't the long term supply picture of natural gas ultimately point to lower prices and lower producer margins?
and I think I accepted you :)
"I'm on a highway to hell!!!" - Tim Tebow
the new iPad could change the entire workflow of a photoshoot...think about it...
My co-worker told me she smx advises her kids lives based off Disney movies "Just around the riverbend, things could change"
Not thrilled to be playing a night game at Penn State this year. Maybe with new coaches, we'll be OK...but then maybe they will, too.
Christmas pictures in the summer?
didn't. dissed NBC for screwing #biggestloser fans. i don't watch the voice-been showing plenty of detroit love for tony on my show
Cyberduck failing me at what is maybe not the worst possible moment, but definitely not a welcome moment, either!
Lmao yo bad....RT : Good luck I know its a big day for you! Got my Niner gear on though.
S/O to my finan lol
Had a fun time at the Opening of Burn the Floor at with
got credentials for PBR next week at the Pit
hahaha I was hoping you'd say that my Sr year in hs I would've said the same thing. And you're probably right now bro hahaha
You know why I'll leave you alone? Because I care about your feelings more than mine.
ooh...smart. will have to try!
Only doing 4 hours of actual work today >>>>
Shout out to and on their wedding day. Everything was top notch. May God bless your union.
don't like the UP TO part.
can NOT wait to see the American premiere of the Samale-Phillips-Cohrs-Mazzuca edition of Bruckner 9 next month!
In honor of all the mom out there next sunday ALL MOMS RIDE FOR FREE!!!!!!!!! bring your mom out for a day of fun and fishing!!!!
cornstarch. Put it on your legs after the beach and bye bye sand.
121-Pretty hair! Ill ship you with Louis Tomlinson!
#FF for the launch of the year!
Do something nice for someone today, without expecting something in return, its called .. doing it from the heart!
exactly, sort of, the key word in the text is 'sometimes' inspiration is good, but it's not the same meat as stable motivation
yea u have too I ll make sure I send u a special invite
Just drew for 15 ep. Of 30 rock, my wrist hurts
Conspiracy to defraud the American people of constitutional rights and due process is a most serious offense.:Obama Levin McCain GULAG BILL
Im going to be wearing and purple and grey shirt i have glasses come meet me (:
but you are more.
#shop by occasion, price or theme. great #gifts for everyone on your #shopping list.
Dark blue dark bluueeeeee
really wants to go see lion king on broadway again. oh my gosh it was incredible saw it 3 years ago and still wanna see it again
Hitting up the gym again! Man, I'm feeling great :)
On the other hand, you can also imagine the smug sense of superiority that comes to them when they're right.
Bring your girlfrined in today for lunch and get 1/2 off the 2nd lunch entree!
I saw it at a gallery in NYC last year for the 11 am - 12 noon-ish section. Wish I had had time to watch much much more.
yup sadly. I check out the browns as two of my good friends are fans. We all cry when we have beers. Lol
yea same here! It like kills you inside!
Look for it over the next month to 6 weeks...pretty pumped about it all!
yes for my class final. So nervous! Apparently I don't have ice in my veins :( wish you and were here *sigh*
it's better then a not good :x pretty Cool :) how's alejandro ha :)?
Taco Knight tonight! Hooray!
They don't even know "Freebird"! I want my money back!
Streaming rights are cheaper, and will last longer.
I don't find that awkward
I think he's finally settling down. I'll remember this when he's a teenager and sleeps till noon.
She was an American girl, raised on promises.
We started this when there was daylight
If I were Charles Howell, I I would name my dogs Thurston and Lovey.
RT : on the MIC w/YOUR chance to win Los Depoz Latest CD & get you qualified for a touch MP3 player! will...
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU! HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEAR CHRIS! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!(: Hope your day is great!
Great news: MPA was selected Non-Profit of the Year by the Greater McLean Chamber of Commerce. We are so honored!
Pretty sure I've sneezed more times today than I have in my entire life.
Rochester rawks!!!! We love our hometown!!
Love is for the souls not the bodys.
GHETTO WORD OF THE DAY: OBAMA. I can eat a whole bag of chips, Obama myself.
S So glad you are doing good Luke! And yes I say For Pete Sack all the time. Ha!
happy leavening to you
Absolutely GORGEOUS !!!!!
inspired by chat w/ leah buechley (lilypad arduino) to think about ways to do soft circuit knitting--or spinning. corespun conductive yarn?
stomping my little feet #thatcamp site times out digital road rage
Thanks for the retweet!
Ahh, St. Patrick's Day. The New Years Eve of March.
I swear Abita is better in New Orleans.
#FatTuesday $2 Heineken bottles from 8-12. $3 malibu black hurricanes as well. The girl with the most beads wins trip to myrtle beach
After talking to T.Y. Hilton on Wednesday, it would not shock me if the Dolphins select him. Possibly today. Rosenhaus told him to be ready.
ok ill look.
Sometimes I think I could be a bit nicer to LA Husband. I said, "sometimes".
K cool
Fuck.its so windy.<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0083>
I'm terrible with women and not ashamed to say it. Help me help you hahaha
Divorces are never fun. Allow us to help resolve your family law issues. Call us today for a free consultation ~ 619.338.9500
macaroni and cheese
next year. Sorry. Order a bottle.
She ah runner..
I suck at wrapping but will not concede my present to the gift-bag.
and you still wont talk to me *sigh*
Rude behavior is about the rude person's issues, not ours. They are not just "having a bad day."
#UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #UNDENIABLE #RATTPACK 6PM Est <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Whoever wears #36 for the #Packers next is gonna have some big shoes to fill. Thanks for the memories.
#Congress: “Please save #afterschool programs because some of us don’t have anywhere to go.” –Julie
I Wiish I Was Home Alone 2 Jealoousy ;O !!
I also read this and thought that Snooki was really at KOP, which is 15 min from my mom's, so I was very upset at first.
I for one am thrilled that Manhattan is less riddled with karaoke bars than SMASH would have you believe.
I forgot to mention the 3/4 length raincoat and sassy purse. I almost asked her advice on my 401k, it was so convincing
Good Luck today ! Season starts NOW!
We had a moment today..he was singing to me Nd I laughed he couldn't sing bc I made him laugh<3
are you going home?! Or staying there?
i called u ...bt no answer..i hope everythings okay twin
switching out a dumpster in Bellaire! This horrible rain can't slow us down!!!
He isn't what he pretends to be.
Thanks for the support!
DOH! You are there!
should just come over and use mine
Good question. . Are there accepted core DH competencies?
Senior Prom 2012!!
Safe & Sound with T. Swift is #BigPimpin' .
I love this.
Dude, I'm not talking about friends!
“: I'm just gonna sleep all day today” do it. :) how is your modeling going?
US Blacks also run from history. They feel shame over slavery, rather than pride in our ancestors' struggles for freedom.
If my mom buys me tickets iwill love her even more.
Just got up could meet you in an hour. Give me a call will DM my mobile.
IDK how to get it out! haha
Divas of Deviance TOMORROW! Be there!! Also, messag me with your name & # of guests to SHOWGIRL OF THE YEAR for FULL COMP
Its gorgeous out & I have nothing to do
how can i do that now that i'm all distracted?
I'm starting to bristle when others overuse words, "actually" and "exactly."
Great shot! Reminds me of Garden of Earthly Delights.
I'm going to show you how great I am
Facebook is slowly dying and getting lame fast
So glad for you girl! YES! =)
What do you say Luuuuuc!?!?
and were absolutely amazing tonight! Steve played the Zorn like a mad man! Great stuff!
Adele!!!! She deserves everything she won tonight! She is an amazing artist!
"Before starting work, go thru all former materials. Many things of vital importance have been lost sight of." Note for "Sun and Rocks" 2/2
Some people have problems
see you next Tuesday?
someone should get on oovoo wit me
So Imma Opp Now Okay Bet Don't Come To The Hood On Foe Nem Imma Scare Yo Ass Away With This 380.
And where are we off to now?! “: Damn this rain & traffic is not cool at all... An hour & half drive to the airport.”
Barrett is fired up. And I'm ready to go.
Whovians!! Is new companion really Jenna Louise Coleman?
Noel and shabazz announcing the same day
Listening to David Lankes start today's conversation. If you're in Dallas, come to DCC A1.
I witnessed a poor defenseless deer lying bleeding in the road as it's deer family looked on. I called 911 to save him & they mocked me?
To all the moms, Happy Mother's Day!
I'm feeling a little star struck because liked one of my Dribble shots! :-)
Ah nvm. The passed ball. Missed that in the box score.
he wants to talk to you to doe <3
It's official, but bittersweet. I cried. I am approved for my SSDI (disability). Makes my health depressingly REAL. Can pay bills though! :)
Thanks Lane Kiffin! What a jackass! RT : I guess Alshon is going to be pumping some high quality gas in Chi-Town.
Listening to my parents talk about remodeling our house.. SHUT UP!
i a
already in the mail as of yesterday, sunshine. You can still knife someone in celebration.
Hope it comes out on DVD!! ASAP!!!!
Oh NOW is does. Nutshell: Jess's mom is doing better; go home today. Gas goes up a lot, down a little, etc. The boy is being strange.
Farm workers banned from pub in one of Britain's richest villages for wearing ... - Daily Mail
Leadership in a CyberWorld: Perspectives from Six Police Executives - download .pdf fr
had a lovely time makeup shopping with :)
TRANSITION: :an abrupt change in energy state or level, usually accompanied by loss or gain of a single quantum of energy. Smh
Hey is there any way I can try your fonts before I buy? Need some way to present options to our client.
haha u mad
sounds cute!
I'll let you know after the ice bath and a nap:).
Working on something big at the ULC this week... and probably the next as well... I'll keep you updated!
oh facebook?
but you look good at trying
clearly you're just worried I'll find a cuter boy if I go sexy
#AFS11 thanks for my first opportunity to present at a conference! Catch u cats later-
THE MAIN IMPRESSION JUNE 22ND ITS GOING DOWN
Who ya makin' gorgeous today, George?
It's a tough Veteran's with the recent Ft. Hood attack. Let this be a reminder of what is at stake. "Semper Fi" to all the vets. Thanks-doug
I believe Monty Hall is known for a similar quote: "I'm an overnight success. But it took twenty years."
they're just trying to get laid. obviously.
completed his food and exercise diary for 02/20/2012 and was under his calorie goal
haha wasn't even thinking of you,but spice it up a bit #buttplugkelli<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Harold S. Geneen~ Do you want my one-word secret of happiness--its growth--mental financial you name it.
1 hour left. Project A requires pulling out the systems manual. So does Project B. Project C requires submitting a Support Incident
- because whether or not u believe in JESUS OR NOT, "HE IS, HE WAS, AND HE IS TO COME"
Next time I'm in traffic court and they ask me what I plea, I'm going to say #YOLO your honor.
our manager Richard is the shit
no problem
Access to services is key for healthy sustainable lives. Thanks to all our #nonprofit partners in #SanDiego for providing those services.
Anyone else think the mayor of Detroit sounds like Morgan Freeman??
“: I told you how you can own whatever the fuck you want to lol” hell u talkin bout
Great day at Seattle Flute Fair!
Make an impression during your #interview. Have good posture, be animated, and engaged in your responses.
You cast a spell on me..
hungover at work <<<<
We want to shift the focus to academics...
flying into jfk, hope we can land :-/
flacco goes against my cardinals...start him, nuff said
: I hope it isn't your last day either!!! Say hi to #saldutti for me ^_^
The Texans have finally released Jacoby Jones. Just like that the receiving core is better.
My mom just called me "a lyin ass" only my mom!
Apparently Jeremy is having issues.
This weeks episode of BBW hit home ... I know exactly what Kesha was feeling
I can't believie my neighbor is work outside in a thunder and lighting storm!!! He has balls!!!
you know you would be free
Whoa those SB Ring hats are sweet!
Want some help to win Roshons autograph? Use this tweet! "Hey follow he was on camp rock 1&2 and is currently on shake it up!"
I will too, of course. Will be interesting to see how this performs.
Today in 1967 the #Dodgers experienced their 1st rain-out in Los Angeles (after 8 seasons there).
Keep Portland Weird!<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#oomf tries to comment on everything to but funny... but actually sounds really dumb.
Lightskin Girls Are In..
I am not a heavy drinker. I can sometimes go for hours without touching a drop.
Thinking will not overcome fear but action will. W Clement Stone
thanx, I mostly thought they were funny. I can see them causing harm in the wrong hands though
RT : A ground ball would be awesome here.
carly better still be dressing up.
I <3 - first heard them on Jason Bentley's "Morning Becomes Eclectic" and fell head over heels in <3 with their music!
do my u.s project
All dynamic communicators have mastered three basic communication skills: conversation, writing and presenting.
Beyond excited to help produce "Dog sees God: Confessions of a Teenage Blockhead" it's an amazing play!
I'm not a fashionista but everyone is a fashion critic when what watching
AH i love my clock im making!!!
Go Green Go!!
You are an April Fools Master
Thank you for checking out my book "Love Isn't Painful" I can't wait to read your book.
Getting a house plant?
ha ha your ghay
Currently in mixing process for E.P. We have an album name that will be officially released! Blog #4 is coming soon. Sorry for lateness!:o
Laugh and the world laughs with you.
funny...and easy.
Totally agree. Hopefully they will learn from this lesson.
After the game, tell her I'm still proud of her!
yeah y n how is im a stranger
YOU GUYS. YOU SHOULD LISTEN TO SARINNE. SHE'S SO CUTE.
do you find your toes attractive?
Got my computer back,, [:
I honestly have no idea how Bobby Valentine got the Red Sox gig. Does he have nude pics of Larry Lucchino? That is the ONLY explanation.
Your job sounds amazing!
that was very nice of you, I'm sure they'll get it! And I'm doing well, hope you are too!! :)
Creating an info. product is a powerful & inexpensive way to position yourself in the industry.
hi :D
The king convincer
Evil has descended on America.Our nation is falling apart.Communist dictator Obama is stripping away out rights.God help us!!!
we found a pattern!!!
Good day. Just wrapped a shoot with awesome assistant , and now time for drinking.
Sometimes life just sucks!
#Donohue, Angels of Destruction. Is there any hole in the world like a lost child? Sorrow, yearning, faith. Well worth the book club reread.
hope all is well! Will miss you. The tea is Tazo African Red Bush btw ;-)
Road Quote of the Day: “Do not follow where the path may lead. Go instead where there is no path and leave a trail” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
2. Drink in where we pour cols #1 martini, best bathrooms & best Dj / dance music according to
you're killing me blue!!
Talking hockey with my mentor give her a follow!
That´s great!! Have you ever visited the Basque country? We would love to ;)
Old guy wearing headphones doesn't realize his MP3 player is also playing out loud. He's listened to the same song 4 times in a row.
Oh noes! I'm sure sitting in the rain to watch women in tight pants run around and knock each other over didn't help. Sorry, hon.
Gondolier is heaven. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
"Do any one of you have a doubt that if that raid failed that this guy would be a one-term president?" What an admission! Muzzle this guy.
Start a new one!
We have a donor who will be matching contributions for 12 more hours! Check us out and get involved! indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
What are people doing for Halloween around Madison this year?
oh okay! thats whats up!! lmao...How did my scene look?
Just returned from my first trip back to #Joplin since immediate aftermath of last year's tornado. Amazing the progress that's been made
Didn't even know you where doing it lol didn't know you were the only one aloud to tweet quotes on
yep yep. Just coordinate everything through him. When r you coming to LA?
Housing is done! We may not have gotten what we wanted, but all that matters is that I'm living with my best friend
Jammin to my Pandora station
you guys Better have this shit at warped!!!!
not one second.
I would love too but Ive seemed to have misplaced my guillotine
What do you mean, suntan lotion? Spring Break smells like floor polish! (Please bear with us this week as the SLab gets a beauty treatment.)
AWMAN my resume on point
Of course but you'll be happy about it later.
#SomeFactsYouShouldKnow I will always love you. and I will always care.
we are diggin' your spirit! If you're ever in #tampa stop in and check us out! Locally owned and operated for 25 years!
Robert Pinsky read his translation of Cseslaw Milocz's "Incantation" to close keynote at #WFUD2012. Beautiful!
Bang bang.
Nice to meet you on Friday!
IPRC alert .40 short term goal
Being gifted intellectually is a small part of success. Concentrate on factors U have control over: persistence, self-discipline, confidence
Time for #syttd. I love lazy Friday nights
Thanks for thinking I look "cunt." I can't think of a better word to describe my fashion <3 <3
When I go to the studio, I record like I'm droppin an album while you bums tryin to drop one song. #HardWork, I'm talking hours to days bruh
Finding Detroit to be the most interesting place in America right now.
Epic weekend. Closing it out with some sushi in Los Feliz w/Ashmaster & Meyer. Can't wait to hit tomorrow to work out!
Bethhhhhhhhski you ROCK girl! You own your survivorship and share and help so many with your good energy LOVE IT girl!! :)))))
searching for them black Friday stealzz
AL HARRINGTON & PENNY MARSHALL!?!?!
Three Stooges Raglan T-Shirt Not in Rehab Adult Grey/Black Shirt
BREAKING NEWS: Portland police responding to a report of a homicide at NE 106th and Halsey. More on #gooddayoregon on
Good Morning and have a great weekend
Breathtaking! Thanks for sharing
All islands connect underwater. We are all connected. All histories, people & culture. CONNECTED. -
thank you for your patience my dude
has already been in touch with the family.
Really? .. followers are SO bipolar
Yeah I saw that. Just humorous how these companies many predict will fail fairly soon are just a comedy of errors.
A man, a plan, a canal, panama. Read it backwords
Well I'd rather be positive that's all. Anything wrong with that?
That's A Classic Scene...Right After The Laker Get Blown Out Pau Gasol and Bynum are still sittin there talking about the next game
I have so much to be thankful for: , a job I love, family I love, I'm making a difference everyday and I'm healthy
im listening to music wyd
Hotel..Motel...Holiday Inn.
yeah but I don't feel you you're more like
She’sCute& loveable,hottest chick in Anne Arundel,helps me solve life’s puzzle,drop a bundle,thro my coat over a puddle,w/her I want 2cuddle
Cuddling and watching them old Romantic Disney movies has to be the best <3
You got that right! I love being open on warm summer nights!
I think I wanna learn how to screenprint.
Only at an opening night and After Party of a Broadway Show you get to eat 21 different types of dessert! What?! Thank you sister ;-)
woo go panda!
J'Nan: Youth are looking for a compromise. Work with them. Listen to them.
It's already going off here! Make sure you get down here to check out the best party in Mt. Vernon this evening!
don't let fear hold you back
We love Love listening to 106.7litefm!! Thanks guys!
Unfortunately not ha..
I've been promoted to Technical Services Librarian.
If you like football, #GrudensQBCamp is a must watch
Woke up in NJ...Unisys shoot in PA...back to NYC
I was trying to explain that to a Beehive I was interviewing last night...
My cat is better than any clock, any timer, any alarm . . . . .
Over and outies.
...Or ill just retweet
yay its Tuesday!!! LOL #RandomHappyDance. Apt hunting continues and pageant business as well 2morrow...need a new laptop too
Driver: best smile in the league.
So find your feet now that you are on your own. Here's one for the road, I hope you never make it home.
Butler recruit Kellen Dunham will play No. 5 Kokomo in the 3rd place game of the Hall of Fame Classic at 6. Locally televised on WHNB 40.
It's not fair :/
RT : Good meeting with Locked in nastybeatmakers.com and .net Site coming soon!
Sometimes I wonder if this was all just a fairy tale. One that's coming to an end.
welcome, and appreciate it dude
You must innovate or be left in the dust...
people that are blind lmao
its is burp beer cold #bulls and chi snakebit again
Hey dummies! Give these a follow.
I made it specially for yeeeewww!!! cuz i laffff yew!!!
#jhumda You are great! Do you still use QR codes in the galleries? Remember seeing them early on there.
Rolling Stones got Ringo ahead of Barker, Sexson(311), and Passillas(Incubus) on the top 100 drummer list? Pretty far stretch if you ask me.
Honesty Counts .....
Y u gotta b so mean Taylor Swift I bet dat song was made 4 Kayne West
When I call her "Hun," it's not short for honey. It's short for Attila.
Hell no
Sorry, $650 is already out of my price range. I'll ask around though!
love it pitbull tight pants and that dance he does m! lol
Interesting time out with 3 seconds left in 3rd. Wonder if Rex now thinks that's the worst play in NFL history
I received +K in social media from Gracias!!! ;) Would love to have you over for tweetup on Thurs SoBe!
Love watching the red carpet at the Derby!
Happy Mother's Day to all you wonderful Mommas!
Age does not imply wisdom
“: Chelsea Handler seems to think shes a lot funnier and hotter than she really is. She must be a dude.”. Amen!!!
": #HowDareyou not shave yo cat but want somebody to search thru that forest to lick that !" nasty bitches hahaha!!!!
It's Jamie Flam's birthday!!! What did you get him???
B, did you get my email about the 2012 Miss Pretty in PINC Pageant?
love that blog.
And a big howdy to for the nom for the costumes in Beam me up, ESosa!
Totally stoked for you!! How did you do it?<<down 72 lbs in 14 wks>>
"The man who can drive himself further once the effort gets painful is the man who will win."Roger Bannister
Sitting in an empty room at #stadiummanagersassociation its not the same without
"& yea my type- i like 'em brown. Just like my drink. The fuck you think?"
Secretly likes it when her fiance starts blasting Aerosmith...
Did you hear back from Civic?
Cause you don't know him like I do, you'll never understand, & you don't know what we've been through, that boys my best friend. <3
church. ": If I were in the NBA I would be so afraid of playing the Bulls in the fourth quarter."
Union Station: from beautiful wedding set up in the Grand Hall to wasted obnoxious suburban bro Cubs' fans outside the Snuggery.
hey Something We All Go
Why will #4profit and online schools prosper? It achieves outcomes, a solution to capacity gap, it's how children are already learning
Lmaoooooo the hell is going on
"Have people been keeping this place a secret? We had a delightful lunch there today." - Plano Rose on
Did Brett agree to this? :)
Don't be cutting your hair too short, though! Girls want something to pull on -wink wink-
have to work tomorrow night
Does anybody know how to remove the stupid shopathome redirects? Not listed under uninstall
Reds bullpen pitches shutout, Halladay also does well.
I signed a year lease because I was told I could get your services at that house. Ouch
Every season I try to break it off, I say I won't go back for cheap thrills... And every season, I come back, watching until the final rose
she needs a miracle, not a booster.
www.platinumposts.com check it out!!
Out the shower its nice put today my big day prom!!!!
woke up this morning to 1,616 books in my inbox.
Just sent you an email about what we do, check it out!
Shows the quality of #horsemanship we have here in #Ocala #FTBOA thanks for the mention!
I won't tweet any spoilers, but it's going to be an epic season. Enjoy the opener!
oh yeah
Bang bang
Brain Floss: Jill St. John, Jack Klugman, Diana Ross, Carol Burnett and Cher have all worn braces as adults.
Motorcycle's As The Rush Comes mixed by Paul Oakenfold... I've done bad things to this song!!! Great flashbacks... God I love this song. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
good luck!!
My God Daughter got a modeling Agent .&they rdy move to the west coast like me ..LA i will b movin there in 2 years
has austin got another twitter account?
Hmm curried neck bones...I wonder how that would taste? *runs down stars and pours Indian curry powder in pot**
Well, first make sure the score is really deep and even, go over it multiple times.
Making plans for South America in December--Merry Xmas to me =)
Start typing in the box, then scroll to the bottom of the screen: its hidden in the footer.
who needs a ps3? got you on deals
Yeah Eva The 6'5 and up club is very limited!! We're very exclusive..and enjoy the perks, like: meeting You!!!! #Love ya Eva!
How do you balance your time spent researching with time spent producing? I find it's easy to sacrifice one for other.
#ItGetsMeMadWhen "If I Had a Gun" is trending AGAIN
The moment when your watching a music video and the boy you love is all over a girl and your like "NO GET OFF HER!!"
Rt : Whether you're publishing or an aspiring author, you should be following on this
Big thanks to Team WalMart for their tremendous support.
HAPPY ST. PATRICK'S DAY! Our #ErinGoBR celebration is in full swing. Come by Tallulah after the parade for green beer and great food!
you too cuteness :)
rachel ! We should. Aha nahh id be depressed too. Besides, we have cotillion haha even better right?? No...
get it BTT!!
-Time flies when you are having fun!Come play #TrendsTues! Today's topic is #Jewelry! What's your favorite piece?xox
you gonna end up twitter jail in a few.. Like fr, fr (-_-)
Inspired Farmers tonight at 7pm - We will be heading to the Murphy Center to look at our demo garden site. If interested, please join!
also disgusting
I'm supposed to be working right now, but they arranged for back up so I could stay home today.
Coffee mate>>>>>
A fossil is an extinct animal. The older it is, the more extinct it is.
thanks for the support <3 ;)
Thanks for the MT!!!
Help us play Cornerstone by......voting for us! Share with your friends so they can share with their friends!
No, the IBM guy is probably just trying to sell something, so he makes up some facts to justify it
#20factsaboutme 15) I have a hairless cat named Lexi
Im not one to make you feel guilty, but I do feel bad for the folks who are going to miss Sunday to go on Spring Break..haha
Just Finished #TheRocker And it was great :D
When they ask if you believe cops always tell the truth say no.
no problem! (:
Now I gotta tag the city!
[GOOD 2 KNOW] Steve is vibin to that 3TARDS... you should too
you guys still do that shit? lolololol
do you have a suggestion for like a historical fiction type thing that is smart and fun? i need something a little lighter
Tower: Cannot read you, say again! Pilot: Again!
You guys are awesome, best of luck to you!
Lord knows I'm looking forward to much better days...
This is a free downloadable report that is 100% virus free
happy friday
If money equals smarts Romney is 1 of the smartest men in America.NAH NAY no way,no how,can't be,we in trouble!
If a guy really likes a girl the only thing he wants to change is her last name
Good design leaves an enduring imprint, embraces the beholder and adds value to every interaction.
2 million people lose there checks do make new friends and get them signedup as free members
You the one that I think about alday!! You the one that I'm feeling you the one that I love<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Great game today. Really clutch playing! “: All I gotta say is !!! #BamSucka”
did someone @ MATC try out your new iPad before sending on to you?
thanks for the support! glad you're loving it!
Living young and wild and free
That was my boy RT: Remember John Smith with them deflated ass ankles?
im watching Stomp the Yard...dear Jesus i want to cry
ready for the show at BlueMoon tonight! I'm the bar back tonight. Watching y'all set up
Yeah, that was a bigger stretch than the whole dual realities thing (and Jason Isaacs having ethnic friends).
and you guys are cracking me up this morning.
Back on Twitter so tweet me
SOA FOREVER!!! Can't wait for the new season!!!! Thanks for the fun! from #asylumradioonline and and
: Oh man. I'm super jealous of all the winners! I can't wait to get my hands on a copy when it comes out.
follow me back? :)
i don't normally agree with fools, but i find myself agreeing with you here. sat/sun draft binge was better.
Hope everyone is enjoying their first week back to school! New tunes for the new year #KnowHowToDance Get it on
What?! Yes I am! I do not understand the twitters or the interwebs, I am so confused, please don't end our friendship.
they really suck it's a fuckin disgrace
Good morning! I'm so happy it's raining. I love the change of pace. Got breakfast, a callback, then a little shopping. You?
So excited to sing at Jack Ryan's party tomorrow @ Elliot's Boots! I hope everyone can make it out!
A10: Sake bombs - so much fun and tasty :)
I received so many compliments at work today about one of your jackets, I gotta send you a pic for your blog!
It would be impossible to "love" anyone or anything one knew completely. Love is directed towards what lies hidden in its object.
Congrats to all the #SBBuckeyes on finishing their finals. Enjoy your Spring Break and
Ur Welcolme so what u doing
I love all the #MLA12 tips I've been reading, especially about pacing oneself in the megaconference environment.
thanksRR: “: Interesting how & showcase #BestLocalNews in their respective cities
Visited job site in #DELMAR yesterday. It is looking great with QRT QAK CABS from cant wait to see Gaggenau kitchen installed
Wilson hits a three and suddenly #Badgers are only down 10. Plenty of basketball left - 12:40
Hi Kevin, things are good, moved to LA in March. How are things with you?
yay went to my "singing lesson" today to practice for the talent show!!! :) #sopumped also getting a new canon camera soon for my videos <3
Eating fake steak that looks like fake porkchop.
Touchdown Giants!!!!!!!
For sure! I'd like that. ;-) Forgot how much I love to tool around on a bike! You're welcome to ride too if u want.
Market Fresh: New potatoes: ... to set the peel and heal any nicks or cuts, allowing them to last longer. ... chopped shallots and he...
Perfect RT : Watching #SOTU, wondering how there's room for Congress amidst all the straw men...
thanks for the info on Joes Pub. Wish I could be there.
Crescents/Croissants...? nah, i can't do it, can't get with it, no matter how much it fits the city :)
The devil is a master of disguise.
No one yet
Bout to go get my sweat on
Glad to hear we are a part of your travels! Thanks for flying with us here at MKE. Happy Travels!
Brooklynites- check out Apt 138 in Cobble Hill. Great summer vibe.
Drove through Rodeo Drive yesterday. What's the big deal? Looks like an outlet mall.
In time we hate that which we often fear. William Shakespeare
nicely done
Thanks for the #FF, even on a Tuesday!
The Toro ceviche or Spicy Kani Kama or Shima Aji! Now that's what I think I'm going to have for dinner!
but i understand why some people are upset - they feel like they're losing austin
My life is like a box, i go nowhere.
About $120,000! Now that's one yummy salary!
Watching Punk'd on MTV right now
I swear sometimes teachers just make tests really long so they don't have to do anything all hour.
From the USA, text "haiti" to 90999. The need—and our shared human responsibility—continue.
The countdown till infinite studio time is on... 3 weeks couldn't come fast enough
Working on material for some more blog posts!
Preach! RT : Yall folks looking for Material shit is confused...that comes and go..but the DRIVE to gets it STAYS WITH YOU FOREVER
don't you hate it when you go to the supermarket and lady gaga steals your pants?!
how did we acquire Estrada and from whom do i remember it being
lol you were a junior when I was there what you talkin about!? Lol
ew my picture
We all live with the objective of being happy; our lives are all different and yet the same.
lol MT : Glad they're making Great Gatsby in 3D. My favorite part was when Gatsby threw knives at the reader's face.
you look beautiful in ur pic. i think we could cause some major damage! ;P
I was looking at the mountains, and the guy in the car in front of me threw trash out of the window...
Jean Wilkoski, Bonnie Rowan, , , Bonnie Rowan, Katerine Croake, Janet Leno. To name a few.
Good Morning All!! Busy day today!!! Doin it real big!!! Stay Tuned.......
no just rich white guys who dont pay taxes.
Revolutionary Cleaning can disinfect every surface and material.
RT : Peyton Manning called John Elway this morning to tell him he's looking forward to coming to play for him.
Band got a show tomorrow cant wait its gonna be sick. pc4pc???
LLWS is more nerve racking than anything else I've seen in a long time #lifeofa13yrold!!
Seems that 99% of the Anglos on my flight to Beijing are over the age of 70. Only retirees go to China?
trans siberian, lernidee experience was fantastic - i say take the 16 day trip. great food, & siberia, mongolia and beijing. wonderful.
where is this bootcamp?
I think they should have a Barbie with a buzz cut
u exploded????? Lol
has a nice site
This is the day I made a twitter, since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 6
thanks for the mention on the #Burma series
Gave over $1k to Democratic Majority Builders/Dem candidates. Gonzalez? Nada.
Good for you, 1 hit at a time.
French Vanilla Cappuccino with whipped cream!!;)
me and are a dream lol
Bummed I couldn't make it today. Believe me, I'd rather be hanging with you guys
are you available for speaking engagements? I'm working on a training conference in Nashville; wondering if you'd be interested!
Please tell me how guys do you wrong when you cheated on ME! I hate my ex's. What a queen! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Reading is to the Mind what exercise is to the body. Keep your Virtue alive, cherished and confirmed by Reading good books;
Is that okay for you?
You're right! Cinnamon's amazing. Raisins are like little disgusting, wrinkly demons that don't belong in or on anything. :)
Super Secret Separates Sale TODAY only!! Mention the password "tongue twister" and get 20% off all separates including sale items!
Wow, your first pic to have observable edges - hope you enjoy the shooting as much as I enjoy viewing yr West Village pics
Can you send us more details at ? thanks!
So its gonna be one of those days...
I will be an instructor at the Wakerly next year! Come watch me teach you everything I know.
The Lighter Side Podcast #34 - The X-tra Fat Show
“: hey hey what time is it? ???” I think like 8pm
Hey Matt, are we related?
today is a day that i #salute S.T. and remember.......
You may say I'm a dreamer.
but what abt parking lot residue and oil and gross stuff. Can plants live?
Tango lessons going on now, S.I.N. Night starting at 10pm! Tuesday nights just got a whole lot better.
On to the AFC Championship
not even. bro do me a favor
"If you don't like my diamonds, then buy me bigger, better ones"-inspired by Elizabeth Taylor" the best that ever did it!
Applying antifungal cream on my eyeballs. TEE HEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I will just buy a case of Miller Lite instead....do much better with beer than I do stock!
Seriously, the #servsafe class takes 4 hrs?? This isn't what I want to do on a Friday!!
you would have brought down the average age of the audience significantly :-)
traveling on Delta or Continental? new checked baggage fees are in place -$25 for 1st bag and $34 for 2nd bag - I'm sure others will follow!
my youngest had knee surgery as a former athlete and aging father tough to see her w 3 scars on 18 yr old knee
fresh line up with
yeah!!!!! Lol and i would mention you an stuff!!!!:D
Happy Turkey Day Everyone!
Stuck in a middle seat - like the middle class.
*cracks fingers* we gone have to lay hands haha . But sheesh the comp better stop set trippen
One of these mornings I'm going leave the house and not forget anything!
saw Awesome! An Oscar worthy performance by
Last night I thought I'd take it easy by just drinking champagne. Yeah right. 15 glasses later...
Deleted 5500 words of my current manuscript days ago and today deleted another 2000! An obvious struggle going on between me & words!
no one has texted me in like 2 days...lucky you! embrace the letterless phone noise.
so wrong!
T & I watched your vid when it came up on LinkedIn updates! GREAT STUFF! Exc stories, ie grandpa's situ ethics re prohibition!
hmm i wonder why people just leave me sometimes. i didn't know i made your life bad.
Leading worship tonight and feeling a little under the weather...hope the kids sing loud enough to cover me!
how was everything?
Let me know if u have other cool brands as followers. I'll add them to the list!
We are sold out! Thanks for stopping by today! We'll be out here tomorrow!
I see u calling and now I'm about to block u 5 calls in 3mins stocker
you murdered 360, he had no good bars. It was like he didn't know what he was doing. That is a platinum artist?
wuss Gud my new cd fina drop ya need one
For fans, the has their new Thrones podcast up. Great way to refresh before Season 2.
Nice! Or, not so nice.
oh goodness! didn't mean to link to your site - just the flier!! #txla12 Wake up for CRIME TIME w/ Marcia Clark, Matthew...
RT : LA Clippers win Game 7. Congratulations to Chris Paul and Clippers GM David Stern.
More shibboleths: RT : good question! Camus comes to mind.
Need a nap, in a hammock, on a beach. Yea, that would be nice!
"complete representation of the erasure of humanity" through blank images in the shape of bodies. mark of memory erased/readopted
i want to tell me im cute
#ADPonCampus today at #PSEConv - stop by our booth to learn more about our sales opportunities!
Wanna piss off a fan base? All you have to do is ask is "who's #MichaelJackson #Ladygaga #JustinBeiber or #Onedirection" it's a #DeathTweet!
i just wanna lay with you :(
Our hosts are joined by members of our jazz faculty for a rousing performance of "Cheese Cake" written by Dexter Gordon
Pucker up! Trapeze is going to Lips in Ft Lauderdale tonight!
yeah we had a limo
naaar fuck that she won't remember ;)
Yes, that one's my favorite. Seriously thinking about getting it...:)
RT don't be a fool by letting pride get in the way of someone that's good for you.
But I still love y'all though... Cause y'all sexy<U+E418><U+E418>... Some by way of there pic... Others by the ways of their words!!!<U+E032>
One of my dreams came true tonight, i met the cookie man. Now Follow me, to make the other come true too. ;) <3
please email our publisher:
The gifs are getting a little out of control.
guess what I got tickets for?:)
Burning ones...arise
o-m-g, was looking so hot at the beach! who saw that pic? :O
Just had a pretty bawm tri tip sandwich. >,<
My Facebook is being all cray.
Ty for retweet. Good to know you liked book as I still need to read it. TY for the recommendation.
Reading up on paganism before bed. Goodnight!
That's what kissing is for.
The eggs yesterday were stuffed with candy (more than the kids needed, in truth)
I was right!:D
Hey was not there just Downtown, keeping tabs on the game, was sent the photo LOL
I hope it doesnt...all need to go
Thank-you Eve. Heather McD was also nice enough to give me a shout. Keep making CL such a great show.
Got a case of the Mondays? We've got just the cure. Pulled pork and a bowl of soup!
Don't mock me, Hurt.
OMG! Its you honey! I miss u soo....where have u been? I have been thinking about u
I'm weaning myself from the Faceass network. Using this to vent.
all the time. :/
Everyone has the capability to make powerful impacts, they just have to know how to sell their #InnerBrilliance. cc. !
Short shorts and flip flops have returned due to the lovely day. Too bad we won't even hit 50 degrees Thursday or Friday.
Clutch: Mindy remembered the baton. Beauty Flies headed to the start line. On deck
How do u add the most value to your home when you improve it? Answer: By lowering the cost of the improvements, upping quality, upping speed
Oh you hate sluts? Oh you're 15? Oh you have a picture of you smoking a cigarette in your bra as your default? You're so cool.
tia lous in belltown. broadcasting from here and stuff. cinco de mayo. come party even though you arent sure why.
Hair of the dog...
great pictures. Heavy snow bands falling now combined with dropping temps are allowing snow to stick to roads.
Change your password man, you're still sending out spam tweets from your hacking.
So fingers still crossed, should hear back from recruiter soon :)
My life Erik, my life.
what's up? where u headed...what beverage is in ur cup?...lol
We are so proud and excited that our new web site has launched. We hope you will join us on this adventure. www.GaLuWi.com
going to a haunted maze tonight :)
Stewart L. Udall~ We have I fear confused power with greatness.
It's on! "Music From the Film CENTER OF GRAVITY" will drop October 18, 2011 digitally on all your favorite sights. Pre-order at my bandcamp.
mmhmm. Now ASSume the position. :)
Lord Jesus, the things I'd do to Chris Drew. I need holy water..
Girls wouldn't ask so many questions, if guys didn't leave out so many details
I give us a C on the DRAFT
I'm using Web Tools session. Room 340 (via ) check that room 346
If i dont then u tell me who will.....?
Skinning all sorts of avatars..black,white, yellow, orange...!!@#!
Poor Whitney's dealer has got to be hurting. Let's see Romney fix this one.
Either you control your attitude, or it controls you.
Another woot! RT : it looks like we raised > than any Dem running for Congress who wasn't a Kennedy, self-funder, or frm member
Good workout at the gym :)
Someone just turned the lights out while I was in the vault & up a rickety ladder. Am now very thankful for my phone & its flashlight app.
hahaha, why you always gotta bring west philly in it don?!
please RT. Is your org faced with big data analysis and visualization projects? am gauging the need for training in the sector. DM me.
The things I'd do to shut you up
“: You rock! I'll make sure to report back. Thanks!!
when do you leave town?
The making up of rhetorical terms: Imusbefulloftus. Naw, I got nothing.
"I live with no regrets." "No, you live with your parents..."
Is there anything like this event in Tulsa close to Baltimore? I'd love my husband to attend.
MAKE A FACEBOOK~ or i can give you my old account. lol.
We're so proud of our Patrick! Mr. Tandy saves the day with a thrilling performance in the latest InveDel podcast: #Improv!
You've encouraged me 2 do that. Have to wait until school starts. Done it b4. After a week, the thought of ff will make u ill.
#EBUS118 You are awesome. I will be up to DC this weekend and am planning on stopping in! What's on the menu?
what's the difference? not being sarcastic. actually asking. isn't testosterone considered a steroid?
Congrats! RT : Just had a buyer call off my monthly real estate statistics blog... BYU Statistics Professor... he was impressed!
twinkle twinkle liam payne harry louis niall zayn.
RT : With all the love is getting on , think i've found this year's stocking stuffers! shar.es/X2Chr
And so nice, too! “: Obsessed with .. Why are you so cute?!? (:”
"I need a Caucasian" best line ever from a bar band
that's me. how are you doing?
Ok thx...and spread the word!xD
I'm not Davey Wavey and I approve of that message!
Artificial insemination is when the farmer does it to the cow instead of the bull.
depends how hot our shooters are. They play great D, but not better than Kentucky.
Help P.F. get to 600 fan likes. Only 10 to go! Tell your friends! PF-WeBringHope
I'm not coming anymore I took a shower, Now i'm in the living room watching a movie + other festivities ;) see you tomorrow!
My new years resolution is to get and to follow me
I am what I am but thats not all that I am
Have we discovered the perfect vacuum ?
Just left #camicakes in Vinings.... Will smash these later! Yummy :)
My sound just went out on the TV. During Joshua! Argh!
yep, we are with you on that.
what do i have to do today
I missed her ass! Both kinda ways. I missed her from not seeing her in a while. And I tried to punt her ass parts but I just barely missed.
#ufopenhum Good morning!
This new album is hitting all my 90's autumn music pleasure centers.
RT "Writing is making sense of life." ~~ Nadine Gordimer
aw shucks man.. thanks
"PISSED OFF FOR GREATNESS" Man, he could make bagging groceries hype!
It's good to see so many new #UMBC students in the library today for orientation. Welcome!
Congrats on O's MVP. Maybe next year it will be AL MVP
I'm sorry Congressman, but that's not pizza. Come to Chicago and we'll take care of you.
LOL! I'm not tryna get on your nerves brotha. You know that's my fave Roddy thing! LOL!!!
I tripped tryna trip today -_-
follow back plzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz
Got My New Phone . I Love It . Its My Baby . <3
I know. It will be just like when someone pointed out the phallus in the carpet pattern here. I can't not see it!
Thanks for following! Love Chris!!! <3
Interesting pick of Jim Yong Kim to head - hope he brings great experience to job
Decided to move UP my "quit day" for smoking.it happened today..this morning...need some SERIOUS good thoughts sent my way....
Please DO NOT go to Gonzaga University's Senior Ball with !
Gettin some lunch then heading to the gym
Chicks who play video games <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
up early to soak up every last minute of this day :)
.. how much bigger is the next building going to be?
Whenever I delete an app on my iPhone, the shaking icons look like they're all panicking over who is getting deleted.
they got some coming out, damn reebok really trying to make a comeback huh
": "everything God allows in my life is intended to make me better; but how I respond to what He allows is up to me"
Don't put off what you can do today!
A split sheet in the music industry only reveals the split of the ownership in a particular song
Very proud of myself: cleaned the whole apartment today and threw out two large bags of stuff.
Went mallwalking with my Mom today since rain prevented an outdoor walk.
Thanks for the tag! :)
good for you Dufflyn! So happy you made that choice!
- thanks for the retweet.
Right? I am so sad about it!
I tell ya being a teacher now is probably the most worthless job than it was back in your days, because with the-
I am so lucky to get to spend the afternoon with my children & grandchildren to celebrate Christmas. I am truly blessed.
never wallow, move forward.
wood would be disappointed!!!
ha ha ha
Breaking News: Hannah is bored.
OK. I'm done with my spiel.
is it just me, or are Irish Catholic priests responsible for most of the problems and liberal drift of the Church?
I woulda carried you, but your there, im here.. shit...
I think you hit the nose on the head. - overheard at work Now they've changed their song and dance. - overheard at work
OH MY GOD. No you didn't just write that.
good afternoon boo how u doing
“: when I have babies can you babysit?”>>yes ma'am! But I'm warming u..I'd they r bad I will beat them<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
#DearTaylorSwift please pick a genre.. anything but country.
So just arrived at the airport for my lay over in Atlanta GA now to wait for almost an hour to fly out to dayton
You should really cover 'Set Fire To The Rain' by Adele, you singing that song would make it 9002247898238799x more amazing. <U+2665>
I am already it seems like counting down days. woohoo can not wait......
1st half done in Ipswich :)
That is exciting news (about the puppy)! I'll be looking forward to seeing a picture of it.
These scene bitches at my school are annoying
working on some fresh beats
I wish I had a voice like Hayley Williams.
Josh Beckett's "my off days are my off days" is one of the most clueless things I've ever heard.
Not a good sign for the WAC and the Vandals.
The Deuce is featuring 's tweets on 2/3 of the screen while leaving Tebow a tiny corner, as if the Tweeting were the news.
: I'm looking for a baby daddy for the weekend. You in big boy? ===> Father's Day was an invention to make me look bad
Our new bio-filter wall is on it's way to our office - just in time for the open house March 25 & 26. A green wall that cleans the air!
kids asleep. pup snoring. hubby too. next door neighbor's high school daughter is practicing cello, or maybe trumpet. love nighttime.
home; literally my first chance to *pause* all day. about to make dinner & catch up on tweeted traces of (etc) on this AM.
Go Bears! RT : Hail to thee, the best school in the land! Great job, Mercer!
Catching up on music I #need. can you please schedule Nashville into 2012? Also, come with =KiLLER line-up
Keep wrestling and MMA seperated guys. Can't work a shoot fight. Just looks awkward.
So, the candidate whose held office the longest in a Hispanic stronghold of the city has a name ID problem?
Hey Company dancers - don't forget your Car Wash & solo costumes! Also I still have an Uprising costume from last competition. Who's is it?
I really wanna watch Battleship. :c
The number of people I have heard say "I want to watch Battleship" is unfathomable #seriously? It's based off a board game!
LOOKING FOR NEW TALENT: message me for details about promotion, production, beats
that's the business
Just went on a following spree. My news feed was looking drab
looking forward to tonight !
no...i will never get over this. my heart hurts bc you broke it
i love the artisan
finally heading home...goodbye London. back soon
Had a great time at the Green Flash Brewing Co. tasting at Map Room. Met some awesome people as well.
Husband tells me he bought it on ebay many years ago.
RT : Tweets shit just to tweet it
thank you Lipstick on the rim was too long lol
": Hello friends, family, and fans. This is my official account I finally found the time to join twitter." GR8 2 C u Here! XO
Watching narnia omg British accents on boys<33
100th #SNL digital short was pretty epic.
Bucks are getting jobbed by the refs in Lawrence
NetNewsWire iPhone app updated. Clippings now work again.
I created an anti-aviator sunglasses Facebook group in 2006. I broke down & bought a pair to look badass in 2012. Karma broke them on day 1.
I'm there! looking forward to seeing every one!
No relationship in life can be any more successful than what we are willing to learn about ourselves through it
can you use YouSendIt to send me a backpack full of cash? :)
you know it. Doug legursky is our star right winger
Tell me again of this school you are talking about??
It's Friday u ain't got no job, and u ain't got shit to do..
Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about.
@ haha ya i think it's cheesy but I know a girl that did it w. Her bf n now he's her ex. so it's ex bf
The last thing I want to do right now is work
you're right. I don't.
what's the value of keeping old code?
Here's to wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving!
Social Learning Platform....emerging now...join! Sophia.org
I just was wonderin if it was a promo or like what it was yu kno?
Hey John check out keylessmusic.com deep end and hot shot mixed up by Chuck Alkazian
you proved that on the stage tonight. you truly proved that dreams do come true. #thankyou <3
Monday's Team X 88 Video email has been sent. check it out Team. Here's to another big week of Xocai growth. Stay Positive, JJ
Was wrong doe?
In the US, 16% of all undergraduate degrees awarded are in STEM fields, compared to more than 50% of undergraduate degrees in China.
the pink clouds over Oak Harbor is just mother nature's way of saying she supports breast cancer awareness.
Tell me about it, Chicago winters my whole life..This is a sweet change!
Just bought festive seasonal greenery and eggnog. I will get in the holiday spirit tonight!
I am writing a history of Big Brother and the Holding Company,an almost entirely visual history.Sam
All good K Rod. Keep up good work. RT : My bad people i will get then tomorrow!!!!!!
I think I need to stop drinking entire bottles of wine as my pregame before going to the bars
Honey, that's a shirt...not a dress
Looks like I need to keep way more receipts and go back through my credit statements...head...hurts
Take a look at 's "Content Rules The Social Media Roost". Great article by Paul
Need any phone bank captains, or just callers? I have some time in the evenings & it would be warmderful 2 be back on Elvas Ave
The first half of the Oscar Nominated Short Films that we'll be showing are the animated short films. They will run from 2/10 - 2/16
my pleasure. My one and only Twitter list.
Video AND song. Did no one tell Nicki and M.I.A. that they don't actually need Madonna for a hit?
I hope they send me home early.
so glad he likes it! :)
Are healthy whole grains really that healthy? The AHA puts it's logo on all kinds of whole grains that are denatured and cause inflammation
Good Morning <U+2600><U+2764>
#IfOnlyICould be as cool as I am on the Internet, in person
A woman is the full circle. Within her is the power to create, nurture, and transform. — Diane Mariechild
Happy Sunday!
"sometimes I watch Fox News & read the Bible and like it" #hipsterheresy. Are there somethings that will never be hipster?
have a good time at the Billboards !!!!!love u hottie
hahaha YES!!!! 2 people like this! Alright!
"there's no such thing as personal space on public transportation" haha fkn SF
we dont have any hot water!
Crystal Meth users message me & confess usage of drug
Really need a job so I can move out at the en of the year!
follow now. 6
Clippers bout to lose
no prob nd u should DM me doe so we cn keep in connect doe
Never hit a man with glasses. Hit him with a baseball bat. Lol
I hate wen u can't stop thinking about that one person...but deep inside u doubt that person is thinking of u...:T
The Quiznos where I live won't take my FREE SUB coupon! Cheap bastards!
Sachin - OUT. Dhoni and Yuvi to save India. Otherwise, its straight Sri Lanka win
Note - The key to a good relationship is the key. Give me back the key.
HAHAHA yes.. dude shot LIGHTS out tonight... it was insane. get well soon. Come kick it sometime and meet my girl
track tomorrow with and I?
58 private colleges now charge >$50K/yr. Talk about elitism. One reason UCF is now 3rd largest school in the US is we take access seriously.
DON'T WORRY I LOVE YOU!!!(:<3
Tell all of your beautiful friends to follow us as well!!!
you going to hit up the pike? Lol
President Obama: "Look, Reagan was an asshole but he agreed with ME! But I'm not an asshole. Honest."
Let's take HERC around L.A. today.
Heard "what makes you beautiful" on 94.1 the radio :D
Interesting energy stat from EIA today: US dependence on petroleum imports fell to a 15-year low in December.
Isn't that the truth.
Boys are a trip these days lemme tell ya!
Have a happy and safe Cinco de Mayo! Tell us where you've found the best food and fiesta!
that's right!! Watch out ATX!!;)
So ready for 14 hours of volleyball tomorrow
it wasnt easy, dont act like yall two niggas didnt have issues! It took us working to get u to ur potential.
Time for music with cheesesteaks, sliders and lots more. Come on down tonight 6p-1a
Wen I don't have time to wash my hair, I think I need to reevaluate things.
I had the same problem @ DMV when I moved from BC to UT -- they required a written test. Piece of cake from UT to WA though.
Whoa. Just heard and felt a huge explosion near 44th & Kessler. Did you?
": Luck says Manning sent him a congratulatory text last night. #Colts" #class love peyton for it
OH EMMM GEE. I think I'd die, if I'd be Justin's #OLLG !!
Congrats, sounds awesome. Would you mind DM'ing me your email? I'd like to discuss a platform with you that could help out
havnt released of yet. Goin back n puttin a few things in it
oh, I will!
#onlyblackpeoplesay i dunno what black ppl says lol what a stupid trending topic =x
Mirrors can't talk, and lucky for you, they can't laugh either.
my fault!!!! i meant 9pm!!! but i gotta reschedule anyway
RT Happiness is Priceless
Alright Tom, go win your 4th Super Bowl.
Attack from Behind... BROCK YOU BETTER RUN
If my house is clean, it means that Facebook is broken..
AND WHEN WE'RE DONE...I just wanna feel your hands all over me BABY
Wait I have it! Sorry it's just that there are a lot of entries to keep track I want to make sure everyone has participated
Strep throat + bad sinus infection =
Think I'm bout to call it a night.
Louisville's uniforms are hurting my eyes.
#wmusocmed how you build your network is important
I'm thinking of explaining away this beard-burn at work by claiming that i had a deep facial. That'll work, right?
Bout to get me and my sis a chello lol
When you have to go on a "lunch" at work with the co workers youu dislike! <<<<
Ugh. The 2 times I've talked to the press, the end product has completely flabbergasted me.
Dreamt last night we were hanging out w/ talking leadership. Maybe that will happen for real one day! Ha!
While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone. sextip
45 min more and I'm our of here What what
Try twitterfic for iPhone application. www.twitterfic.com / great app for Twitter for lawyers
no. What the hell twitter?
WORD! And can I see a pic of 2 delightful girlies please? U still hav my email?
“: lol ok I'll be there Saturday for brew city idk if you planned on goin” if she not going she's LOSING!
If you're around USC today, I'll be on the Trojans Against Hunger panel at 11:30 re: the "This is Hunger" music video I directed.
He was kinda funny looking. He wasn't circumcised. Lol you betcha
lol. Do you not have a front facing camera?
How are you guys!
Hm....I Can't Believe its Not Butter in a spray?? What more do they have to do before we don't believe that it's not butter?
see you there!
You got it! RT : Ninjas in Paris? Nobody knows what it means, but it's provocative
well according to the Mayan calendar the world will have ended So would it have mattered?
Lol, having a cool movie doesn't mean we gonna watch it, but seeing it on TV n it going to commercials sux (the hangover)
Craving Jack In The Box Tacos
LOVE THIS // Teamwork is the fuel // Agreed. Have a great Friday!!
One of the best out in the game!!!
Winter is a killer when the sun goes down.
i know. everybody loves it ;)
This Full Moon can screw off man
hm, just signed off an email with "ps. fuck yea". looked good and made sense. might make it part of my signature.
haha it's not it's cracked up to be.
thanks for the love primita!!! Did Tia tell you the details? Specifically the gender? Bet you cant guess LOL
There is always that one boy that you wish he would notice you one day.
May or may throw up during this final. May the ATOC gods be in my favor.
that's more like it!!
People say they have alots of firends. But really are enemies trying to see your bad move.
First H&M didn't have online shopping, so I get there and they don't have what I want...
Thanks so much! I'm happy to find Susty Life as well!
thanks for the follow!
oh dear, that sounds rough. Ive been sleeping al day.
S/O to my new follower FWM folk
in real life it all sucks
RT The turn out at was a huge success tonight. We have people from switzerland, Israel, Bulgaria.
Wow, Dick Clark just died of a massive heart attack.
No worries man! Right now the best advice I can give you is get yourself on some production sets or into a film internship!
I like that! :)
as they usually do. More surprising is that they didn't have the first pick this year. They also rep Calipari...
Quote: "The first step to getting the things you want out of life is this: Decide what you want." Ben Stein
Confucius say, writer with hand on keyboard lead to invented characters. Conversely, hand up ass lead to lonely life.
What a Laugher, ha ha ha ~ Jerry Seinfeld is now on Twitter ! Way to go Jerry!
Manufacturing PMI hits 2012 high in April
The converstaion I just had with >>>>>>>
Follow a down ass Chica ---->
#inaghettohouse you don't talk back to your mom cause she'll beat your ass
lmao Kenny is an idiot
Got paint samples of possible colors for the kitchen remodel. Painted wall with one, found it exactly matches current paint.
We. Pay a premium to live here, but it's worth it, especially on a day like today.
u could try ginger tea
I would love that. This needs to happen.
The Ones I Took At Joy House
Quit being a d-bag.
vote with your feet, so they say.
Then we could collect royalties! LOL! RT : I love hearing live music but i wish they were playing apples & oranges
2/3 ain't that bad! and I still have one whole day to do it so
car got towed with my wallet in it. might be the last night I'm not in prison because I'm fixin to homicide someone tomorrow
CONGRATULATIONS to my wonderful daughter and all her amazing teammates and awesome coaches!
I feel like you should know I'm in Claremont
#NowPlaying "Make Music, Give It Away" by
Who needs tickets to our show on wednesday at studio 21???
New York and New Jersey in January. Nice.
The people at started calling my roommate and I "Franklin & Bash."
Pretty good night overall!
One year ago today, we were still only six hours into it.
spend some time with me in South Florida and I'll show you strange!!! lol. And if ya single, ya won't go back single
3pm and I'm only having lunch now.
Love is all you need.....and ONE DIRECTION!
Ohh shut up
who is that in regards to? U or someone else?
that deserved a beast mode
Exercising my fantastic procrastination skills...and tomorrow I'll demonstrate my remarkable ability to sleep on planes.
turn on cubs game for 8th. turn it off 10 minutes later, sigh.
Politics doesn?t make strange bedfellows--marriage does.
Thank you JB!
nothing like losing a perfectly toned tweet to a bonehead spelling error.
b/c now everyone will now how many circles you belong to since admin added it to all our shop pages :/
FACT: children are more likely to complete school with their fathers involved in the teaching! Especially minority children!
she might want to get that mole checked out
MCA I wanna offer my love and respect til the end...
cool. Exciting to see pics. You like that show too? Neat. Lead is a Second City alum (as am I).
My co workers know me so well <3
Wise words from a gentelman <3 RT : Love is the greatest feeling in the world if you have the right person to spend it with.
Final workout of the year and it went out with a bang! Ultimate Cardio Body does it every time guaranteed!
I just needed the link to share with an online meeting of Wikipedians going. But the site won't work on Chrome or ie. :(
prez & founder of was included in the cover story 50 Best Tips of 2011 - All About ROI Magazine...
Philadelphia here I come!
How did I miss this? Amazing.
Great to hear!! We hope your having a great trip!
RT : Marc Smith on arts, funding, and education: "It's the mentality in this country that has to change"
Its actually not freezing in 203 central today
why u telling all of twitter my buddnus~
lol! my hair really DID go with that painting didn't it!?
thank you for always being there for me...you know who you are....
If you ever have a falafel craving in the U-District... Aladdin Falafel Corner. So good.
you sir are a speech innovator
Some days I want to walk around with a giant sign on my forehead that says, "be nice to me. I'm a collaborator, not a competitor."
Thank you to everyone for attending the 14th Annual Irish Stroll! The BPD, Baltimore Station and all of our partners Thank U too!
Thelin on troubled colleges: "the painful discovery was that an annual budget marked by a deficit was the most philosophical of documents."
Nick at Night throwbacks! highlights of my summer #Slime #Kenan&Kel
is finally tweeting <3
We appreciate the #FF, Hope you had a delicious Friday the 13th.
Give Otto the ball!!
yea i think i saw u inside then outside after and it was epic! i got to c and and go to the bar with them=]
them crazy
It's starting to sound like follows
We're fools whether we dance or not, so we might as well dance. ~Japanese Proverb
idk if I can I have a final that day! :/
Hey good luck with that! lol
#jealous cos i talk to aliens and
Kim Clijsters Injury: Belgian Tennis Star Will Skip French Open to Focus on Wimbledon, Olympics
Chocolate Wasted!!!
my bad... Just realized how old that last post was lol
#YouKnowShesTheOne when she doesn't lick her plate at dinner.
First NYC snow! Blah!
(he picked Arsenal to win today) uh oh....
you're home? YAY!!!
Is there a game today? I must have missed all the hype
All the boys are falling in love with girls who don't know what's up
I know I'm not supposed to listen to words people say about me, but I'm sick & tired of my sibs treating me like trash! Shit's gettin old.
The moment when you realize that you just can't do it anymore. You can't hold in the tears You can't keep a fake smile. You just can't...
EVEN IN THE 10 YEAR OLD SOFTBALL GAME I JUST UMPIRED THAT'S NOT A STRIKE.
Happy Monday!!! ~ Jake
What about bringing AVB into ? I thought he did well at Chelsea...
if you want to klill some brain cells, go right ahead & watch it ! lol
2 Bitter, 1 Brown...bring on Autumn.
I saw Tyler hart and seth the morning after lol .. they were lookin a lil rough..
Bisons game with Reb! But judging from the score, we must be bad luck.
They said it was it didn't show a personal experience. Admittedly, I'd abbreviated my horrible experience to "ugh." ;)
New single coming in a minute. "The Genius / The Madness" coming monday
Happy Sounders FC Opening Day!
It's almost time to smooch the pooch!!!
There are 1 million people jogging here. I've never seen anything like it. I'm in a jogger traffic jam.
#Earthquake 5.78 hits #Mexico City - Funny how compared to the last one people are calling it "light"
Its so god damn hot it here
PLease follow me :o)
needs to be soon but we have bike night now on Wednesdays, but I think I could skip for some handsome mugs.. Karaoke?
no ill give you yours back today
I mean That was a close one
Wy the hell am I still up?
Dada life tonight ! I need to catch some z's so I can get my rage on!
It's nice waking up and having nothing to study.
My manicure lady just told me that she thought I was 10 years younger than my actual age. Someone is getting a good tip
#gamedev 's hit me up for
I'm 9 minutes in. It pales in comparison to last week (which I thought was surprisingly good).
Rocky Road >>
I never get to ask any questions. I'd like to think I'm so exciting is the reason I get stuck in interview-mode in those times
Why is it that someone has to be a hater if they don't like they stuff? You suck Nigga get over it
if I wanted someone like you, id be with you who am I with? Leave me TF alone dude. Hop off my shit.
The rolled out the red carpet tonight for my friend's son, who has cancer.
Giving Chia Seeds a whirl
I always be sharing my money....
You said it! RT : That loss hurts more than losing by 30points!
Are you seeing Ozzy tonight? Keep the party going afterward with drinks at the Orange Iguana!
There were 31 entrants in today's noon $140 buy in tournament. ($125/15). The top 5 places get paid, first is $1488.
asks us to listen to words we use and find at least 2 words that hold us back from realizing a true regenerative system
this book has a ton of profanity ! ( ; Haha.. Smh
i hate dreams they make me think too much
Lol my battery dead
I would like to give you a shopping spree, not make you win it.
Thanks. Glad you all liked them. Happy Birthday Jenny!
Thanks :) Dis like the video if you could. I dont really get enough hate these days :/
This is the greatest moment of your life and you're off somewhere, missing it...
Please explain your comment about Pope Benedict?
A dream starts as a thought; and it's nurtured, achieved and sustained. Then we go back in our minds for more work."
Made great new friends and I'm growing my new business
on-the-real
Sitting at work.. working, and listening to Pandora... "It's So Hard To Say Goodbye to Yesterday!"... #i miss you daddy! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA>
Rough morning... and I didn't even watch the
The believe today's question is: Are You Ready For Some Football?
Typos may happen but spelling still matters, people! My poor eyes! My poor head!
Believe it or not, watching shitty tv on a Friday night can be therapeutic.
confirms coming next week. plz don't freakout. it's good friday!
How lovely!
True! Though we can just reload the latest photo/image we want users to see as an option RE: photos app
calm down it wasn't about you.
relevant, timely and easily assessible
ppl are fake on twitter you say, umm yeah so when I come off as a pathetic loser know I am cool and successful in real life...
I'm so blessed, fridge is full and place to live that is safe. A few good ppl I trust and love and the love of God.
Unbelievable workout today!! My arms are starting to not look like a girls.
He mentioned AFTER the Redskins traded up with the Rams?
morning bae, how was your weekend?
Don't wait for the perfect moment, take the moment you have and make it perfect...
On my way home now. I got lucky.
The days when u are so tired u can't move
#BurritoSpoiler RT : Pisses me off when my burrito is wrapped badly
Someone... Not gonna say names here, pooped in the woods today....
that's your phone...wow ariannananaa
My feeling this AM learning that "Adolph" Santorum lost MI & AZ was exactly same as hearing Bin Laden had been executed.
Given I have the will power to stop drinking beer or at least less of it, how do you lose a beer gut? I just realized how much I hate mine!
Good to see NC State getting some love on today. interviews with and Bobby Mack
our Atlanta Fanfest is 1 mile from the Atlanta airport, w/ free shuttle service running every 20 minutes - DM w/ any questions!
Joe's Bakery Biatch.
#ThingsIDislike; my dad thinking he knows everything. YOU DONT. Not all guys are looking for sex, just to let you know...
It took me to reach 45 to learn how to say "NO" and not feel guilty!!! more no's to come! Praise God
Agree! I enjoy both of your tweets!
RT:it's better to let a man walk away from you than all over you. Why risk losing your dignity over someone who doesn't respect it?
Having a great day? It's a beautiful day in #NYC, Jase. Thank you for checking in on Foursquare!
Me too!
Summer vacation is just around the corner and I know my family will be traveling. Suitcases are hard to store and take up a lot of...
Tuesday is VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price appetizers for all VIP members! We hope to see you there.
Throwing fertilizer at people that need to grow up
Happy New Year's Eve my Friends!! Drink good, drink lots & be safe!! Cheers! #HappyNewYear, #Wine,
#edgars for teen winner is dandi Daley mackall for The Silence of Murder
life isnt like burger king, you can't always have it your way.
I live that fun little bike in your tweet :). I want that!
My eyes won't stop watering . Omfg.
Adventurous chocolate lovers: come in for some of San Francisco's Fearless Chocolates. What will they think of next?
Quote from last night - "You know why I LOVE this place? Because for 8 bucks I get a fabulously delicious meal!" Great job
Ready to get home n relax
you don't know him. Haha lol :)
Trivia is at 9:30pm every Wednesday. You should head down next week!
#BrewersTailgate, classic Milwaukee day with ! Go brew crew!
if its coming from you there is no doubt it's pretentious. Duh.
I have a nebbiolo bianco that fits that mold too. I had it at a tasting and didn't love it, but couldn't leave it behind.
Leaning about tourism and geospatial technologies from
That's crazy as hell.
I'm about to go pay this $800 fine and my checks have baby farm animals on them
if interested, email w/ resume
I'm curious for sure...keep me posted if you go!
RT you never give up but you give all you have to keep life and goals In tack and for that you have ambition pride self respect for anybody
Anyone have an unused jungle gym playset they'd like to donate to a foster family? I have a friend looking for one.
Sitting in the airport waiting to fly home to Boston.
wish more of my friends would step up their twitter game... the mini feed gets way too boring
#njaslconf11 Kathy Dempsey: Libraries are about personal connections Very clear finding in the NJASL study centered on valuing help
That was a much needed 3-day weekend
Found while reading advice about web design: "Content should observe correct english." Like capitalization rules?!
Hey, check us out! We have really good recordings :]
I seen a music player that looks identical to the iPod touch. It's called Samsung galaxy player. Really Samsung?
sights on tour with ten D??? Sweet! Balty on the tour stops?
Related story: 57% of North Carolinians are total bastards.
Trying to get to 400....he's a boy belieber! And he's really sweet you won't regret it :)
ty glad you liked my tweet
I think there's a reason why they say love is blind, heck, look at my teachers!!!!! How da heck did she get married???!!!!!
Sentence lost at an FAA meeting, goes by:“Glory be to us when each has a drone and a parcel of airspace from which to spy and see see see!”
Sony Ericsson Xperia X10 – Faire un Hard Reset | Android ...
Thanks Bobby! I may catch you at Chez Guirgis tomorrow night.
On our way to #alamw12... I hope the booth is magically setup without us.
couldn't find the white out strip, not the liquid the tape like strip
I should write a book on how to make koolaid
Love my lil bro he a lil me
I found the great arrangement of Queens' 'Angie' which people sang if I introduce my name, :D.
I watched "Being Elmo" last night. It was extremely good. Check it on Netflix!
Do you agree or disagree? I think there is some truth here, marketing via #socialmedia watered down
The jokes were the best of the #sheenroast tonight....the Dunn joke was harsh but it's a roast for the love of God! Amy you rock
they love asking dumb questions.
I just unfollowed so many people, I went from following 1,000 and some to 316. Lmfao, this took forever.
Just to say this to all ppl who like games Megaman10 is the best 8 bit game ever to exist i like the others but 10 wins does anyone know
Baked quiche for brunch with no smoke alarm activity. This is an improvement from yesterday when the alarm shrieked at my cheesecake.
Travel safe, RT : I'm on my way and looking forward to it!
I can’t forget when I felt you It was clear to me that I need you. <333
So Prado and Ugla homer and now we are down one with another out still to go!
Lead actor Ray Milland is one of Noir's legends & his portrayal of an alcoholic in The Lost Weekend was arguably the pinnacle of his career.
what were those sticks u give your pups? Bully sticks?
I was just going to message you the same thing! I'm leaving tomorrow for Vegas too - looking forward to it! Have a safe trip!
I'm a Muslim please dont hate me :,(
Im not 100% sold, but I say Wahle/Rivera 1ofBest OG pairs RT : Does Tauscher/Clifton rank as 1 of the best tackle tandems in history?
#FF Visit a Museum Edition!
Awesome quotes on your page! I hope you are doing great!
has a # 1 seed ever lost 3 home games ?
Had my workout with shotta! About take a shower then get ready 4 Class!
We got to this point by listening to & caring about the people Walker has hurt & neglected. Do it again, please.
Can't wait! Why is this day going so slowly?! RT I am SO EXCITED for my lady-date with TheSingleship tonight!!
RT : JFK issued an edict forbidding Civil War reenactments on federal lands during the ACW Centennial. Fascinating
I don't why you think my bitch care .. No she don't give two fucks.. But she does care about me!
Stand with farmworkers and tell to pay 1¢ more per lb for tomatoes. via
bad acting!
Good morning, just waking up on the west coast.
But The Scream is such a GREAT piece ! Don't u feel like that guys sometimes? I woulda paid if I had the $$$.
no rice in this bachelor pad. any other suggestions?
I can never stay mad at ..
I think he's going beyond the typical DJ role by singing horribly over the song. This, I believe, is actually karaoke
Is everyone having a great Texas Independence Day?! Yeeha, y'all.
out Diversepopgroup and vote for our video! Thanks!
I hope you have an amazing time in Miami :) don't forget the crew <3
Endy Chavez had on the road bating helmet. Mistake?
Hi Craig, We would want to talk to you about the goals of your marketing. Give us a call soon.
What to do tonight.
So apparently we don't give tests in middle school anymore.
Thanks man for spreading the wuurd! Glad you like the app.
i could transform yeaa.
missin out on a catch
RT Clinton: When you have a monopoly on customers and revenue streams, you have no incentive to improve.
RT : In 3 months I will be enjoying a cold beer at and all will be right with the world!...
#CharityTuesday check out the wonderful work of , & - Keeping the arts alive for all children!
prom to match them but i wish i didnt have to work soo you could see themm.
Praise the Lord for His love and sacrifice so that we might serve Him in this life and be with Him in the next.
send the chiefs some luck sunday
I mean at least we didn't lose to the 8th seed... all I'm saying
Oh lol thanks
lets do it
I need a grub in my life
So much talent..Young and experienced lets say...
don't move and maybe they wont see the cheeseburger... Oh yeah! It worked!
Thanks new follows! Crap, now I have to make good on my promise
good my brother!! How are you!
Damn lmao my name be in every body mouth at fountain like damn aha make a book for me why don't you :)
excellent :) Sweet dreams!
ready to watch the amazing race?
here's hoping the teens are just a little better than the oughts. Onward to 2011 and beyond!!!
thank you bro
Thanks for voting for YST!
Today was very lonely, my night better be slamming!!!!!
what happened to thae berfaced shit.. cowards kill from afar
Told my mom my grade in history & she was all proud, then I told her my grade in Altakali, & she got all mad lol
headie is always invited!
I know this from last year! #lol RT : Cuz if u talk shit to me I will treat u. I'm a shit talker and I hurt feelings
I CAN'T SPELL INDEPENDENT WITHOUT SINGING THE SONG!!! LMAO
Congrats on the funding. We're looking forward to continued innovation!
THANKSSO MUCH FOR LISTENING!!
I better go get me. Cup of joe
Feelings fade, memories become a blur.. and you eventually realize that there's nothing you can do to stop it.
Oh. That's probably where she was born, but she grew up in South Side Jamaica, Queens, NY. Oh well!
I got so much love 4 my girl is a TRUE fan & has their back - u guys deserve a lot of respect!! great game!
RT : Fun Fact: San Jose to SF = 48 miles. B'more to DC = 39 miles. We should work together = unified tech region
District 17 Sen Dem is Werk. Good luck with that, Judy. hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha.
Happy Platypus Day? ... Seriously?! O.O
Boys off to the gym. Time to get in gear and walk the dogs.
yo just DM'd u a PDF. lemme kno if u able 2 get it
did you hit him ( whoever it was)? How was the show? Sorry we didn't make it. Took longer than expected at
wow u seem really cool maybe we can be friends??(:
Miss you too friend! My sis and I are road tripping up next month, we should catch a Twins game (just to see the park obvs)
Note to self: after fucking up your day by watching "Grizzly Man", it's probably not a good idea to follow it up with "Project Nim." Idiot.
wait, is that not accurate?
What do you mean breakfast martinis aren't a thing??
you too! Very well, thanks. Stop by and see us some time.
Onew is in America right now, and I'm still 1,000 miles away from him. This isn't the reality that I wanted.
In-n-out was not part of the new years resolution. But if we have to I'll enjoy it with
#RenFaire is happening. Oh yes, it its happening.
holy shit!! i do kinda look like her! loll
u know we love u to!!!
This summer will be MORE fashion. MORE news. MORE DC. Stay tuned!
A "No Scrubs" interlude on "Art Is Hard" just made my night
LAKERS! We pulled it off!!! (We have a lot of work if were gonna beat OKC) GO LAKERS!!!
I had an "L" sticker on my shirt all day. It stands for lucky.
10: I whip my hair back & forth. 16: I pass my blunt back & forth. 30: I drive my kids back & forth. 80: I rock my chair back & forth.
ok tumblr is fudgin amazin ...and crazy...letz just say people are fearless there lol:)
he keeps pushing it back! I want it too! I need it.
Dance party in driveway #disturbingthepeace hahaha
Thanks for leaving me out of breakfast, guys.
I ain't tryna start nothing, but I'm definitely tryna finish it..
Damn she takin all day
hehe im just lovable!
Yes we do print films, film prices are now listed on the website...these are film separations for screen printing.
JVSV State of the Valley conference keynote by Hon. Richard Daley. OK speaker, great arm twister.
That would be me. :)
Let the games begin <3
First Will Middlebrooks and now Daniel Nava. Why don't the Red Sox just call up everybody from Pawtucket before I see them Friday. Ugh.
Maurice Sendak died today. I'm incredibly sa.d
Good Morning! I've been up all night creating a cool surprise for you all! I'll publish it later today....Keep watching!!!
I got your number on the wall
well if you can reco a good shoe cobbler and a lamp fixer. I'm in need of both of those.
oh my god she is the cutest thing ever. So so cute. How do you handle everything in your life? Ah-mazing.
Stats on stats on stats on stats on stats
Great event Mark, thanks! RT At the 5Star Chamber Social Media Training with presenter Jay Johnson from
"This too shall pass" Positive thoughts and love to all the hurricane riders on the East Coast! #hurricane irene
Just added Jiu Jitsu to the class schedule. Great class tonight!
I eventually got rid of one...
It's follow Friday peeps!
with tebow and Jesus the broncos will not lose another game
Got a good YOUR STORIES Report for tonight on 13WHAM News at 6...deals with a Perinton Couple & raw sewage
or that awkward moment when you forget to insert a word like "when" lol
Baby, why don't we just dance?
can't wait, would like to see you get another win!
that's exactly something I think I need! Thanks so much for your generosity
This day - love it :)
“: haha he did! he came to the party!” Funniest thing I've ever heard in my life!
Too soon after JOYFUL NOISE, I'm guessing.
nice! what camera did you use?
Thanks for tweeting a link to a Mellen Press book. Arthur Scholar.
Yeah, I could tell I was having too good a time with that~
Shopping results for anchoring+kit - anchoring kit
I agree 100% you're doing an outstanding outstanding job !!!
heh :) actually we have zero ulta's in nyc! how lame is that!?
So frustrated with the #rangers right now
That's an important Q. Also funny to consider that the "corridors of power on C st." include Grab & Go and a Ross.
Brandon I'm still waiting for the video of me and heather please <3
Don't miss the best special in at midnight $1 Blue Moons for 15minutes.
You looked stunning in your peacock costume on KTLA! Can't wait to see u friday at Colony with
I hate that all these guys are up my ass right now and I feel like shit. Like I dont wanna chill until I feel pretty Kay? Fuck.
Oh, you are way too cool for my hood.
stronger than we were before yeah, maybe somethin more yeaaahh. think that we got more time. when we're fallin behind....
About the only thing that comes to us without effort is old age. -Gloria Pitzer
While DC dithers, KY's small businesses owners like my friend Joe Graviss are doing their part to whip this recession.
What is Seakitten?
lookin 4 a studio in columbus, oh...any suggestions?
Hi, all. I work as a temp reference librarian at a community college while looking for permanent employment.
Follow my best friend
Monday September 7th finally the season begins. Cincinatti= Victim Number 1
“: Which team, if any, can beat the Heat in a seven game series?” the are the team to beat, NOT the Heat!
Must do next week Sadies, Los Cuates, Marias, Lucky Bowl, Isotopes game, Nuclear Museum, Explora, the Rio Grande Zoo and a balloon ride.
The quickest way to loose the battle over some bull, stack being foolishly unreasonable with rage. NspiredBy Proverbs 27: 3
remember our cubs Saturday a few years back?
congrats man. Good run
Wake talking stuff
I thought Brooks Reed played just as much a part in that sack as Antonio Smith. Give cred to the rook.
Stress sucks. I need to get this job and get out of the house. I have too much thinking time..
Wow, great game! Go Niners!
Oh dear Lord. Kim Kardashian is recording an album.
#irallstars How much time do you spend marketing IR? Ramirez: 110% at each new phase launch. Royster: less time now that IR is well known.
Every time I think I can finally go to sleep, Lundqvist, Holtby, or those damn red pipes keep shutting the door on that idea
You know... it takes a special kind of stupid to fuck up voicemail.
i cannot wait to meet you at teen hoot<3(:
Yuppers! :) RT : Angela "I only cheer for Georgia sports teams during playoffs or bowl games" Hong
come to the gate room
Time flies when you're doing absolutely nothing
Hey friends!! Just 15 minutes left for 29, come get your poster art lasties before we close down!
NAP has found your previous reviews honest and full. The review of I AM breaks from that. NAP wonders about this.
I wish i can take guitar lessons D: but its cost to much D:
Wuthering Frights: Bronte moor&#39;s £12m wind farm moves a step nearer
I would fade it but I'm performing lounge
will be in La in march for meetings... need to meet up
den er flot!
shout out to Branch #606 in Rockville MD Irian, Soo and Elizabeth showed me the way to the Virtual Wallet! Thanks Ladies!
RT My sculptures are green, and they make an incredible impact on any workspace. My work is a great statement for corporations.
Thanks sir!
What if you take a chance? What if I learn to love? what if we start again?
RT : Yay! mentions Spokane Historical as an example of innovative public engagement!
Standing on my new stage doing an interview for 60 Minutes next season- cannot believe this tour is about to start!!!! E!!!
Tonight i make tender lovins to my friends.
That's all my opinions for now. This year most of the critically acclaimed films got limited releases so I haven't seen many of them
Today was so great.
my bike still safe? What if brew goes past 3am??!?!?
Clarify-as of now...hey might get to see Tiger tomorrow after all....cut projected at even, and so is Tiger
so cute! Great idea!!!
uh yes, it beast.(:
need my feet rubbed.
IF fans: What's the most recent live performance that you've been to?
For the new follows thank you, I do follow back. Have a Great Day!!
it's okay. He'll do the right thing.
not soon enough lol
Fairfax County Democrats renamed its annual fundraiser from Jefferson-Jackson to Eleanor and Franklin Roosevelt Dinner, held in my district.
Two words: #Percolator Coffee
Request our monthly newsletter & receive valuable graphics design information, special offers & more! Send e-mail to:
It would be hard to believe if you're not the mayor yet
Do people tell couples they're cute just to be nice? I feel like they do. Haha
Mourning the loss of 's sharing function. What other feed aggregators does everyone use?
a billion hits is what i'll get
My sleeping schedule is so off!! #SringBreak (:(: it happens(;
I prefer the company of peasants because they have not been educated sufficiently to reason incorrectly
All I care about are my
whispering is risky business
THANK you so much everyone for the book birthday wishes! Made it out of my meeting in one piece :)!
RT Old age is no place for sissies. <---so true!! Preach sista!!
Joshua kept calling the Patriots the "Pastries" ... I think I finally got him straight ...
so much for the NY Media Bias.
lmao if you say so!
I'm cool with the Pacers haters on the TL now (cough cough). But I can't stomach the LeBron fans. How do you root for him?
Wow what kind of a friend are you I trusted you and you turn around my back and do this to me that is actually a back stabber!<|3
my last day at 9news starting my own business 321 media productions
Cliff Lee is throwing a bullpen session. It's his first since he strained his left oblique. -- Todd Zolecki ()
Future: they want to add an evaluation component but for customized content rather than grading.
Yeah, tough pattern we're in...will be several days, most likely...
ok whatever. i'll just keep smiling. get me the hell out of dodge.
Beautiful day for the #MilnesWedding @
I guess thats life.
But you drew a Billy Blanks?
I'd want you around all the time
Thanks for the follow! Keep the social media content coming, I really enjoy the education.
3 rounds of Tiger Woods 2010, my shoulder aches, but it's worth it
Free education and training for all students to have equal opportunities in all schools, colleges, universities, etc for training.
you must be excited!
Starting the youth delegates meeting at the National League of Cities with the president of the NLC, Ted Ellis!
SAME HERE. I barely moved at the end of January & I mean I've made "friends" but I've yet to have like a real friend :/ haa
So excited for to come home!
haha good point, but waking up with it blah
Theater's flooded evidently.
Hope you are going to stop by Nemo's next Sat for our 25th Annual Babe Ruth Party
Want to visit Hawaii Norwegian has great deals including airfare! Come sail away on Norwegian Pride Of America! Details contact me!
“No goal is too high if we climb with care and confidence” - Truett Cathy
Wishing a very Happy Birthday!!!! (thanks again, for the heads up!;)
Happy birthday Edward Gorey!
Cultural Id, Comm Building, Economic Impacts, Conservation, Edu, Smart Growth; hist pres is important in Manatee BCC workshop today
BUT now my email.Text field is blank. Why is it blank? It's on a button click, I'm so confused. It's the SAME code that works elsewhere.
Um okay this is great too! I'm laughing hard about a lot of the stuff. Props to my boy John Camalick!
or accepting the fact ur going to die when ur home alone and u hear a noise
Big things ahead! Gn :)
"E Street Shuffle." too cool.
Eating a lick 'em stix. Cherry, Grape & Apple w/2 stix. I love this kind of candy!
does soulija boy even have $55 million? seriously
I still have mine set up and play Diddy Kong Racing and star fox 64 all the time haha!!
Welcome back from Spring Break! Need something fun to look forward to? We'll be posting about some great upcoming GSO events very soon!
(Via ) Now I want pizza. -Then pizza u should have! ...in small portions & infrequently. Sorry.
TRIBECA DIARY: Drank 2 many muddled mint drinks at Macau. Ate hors d'oeuvres from ceramic asian spoons. dipped toe in festival vibe.
#vsa2011 great perspective:we so often talk about the end user,spend little time talking about infrastructure to support Bilingual Capacity
Seeking a rental location for FN2S summer B-Ball league. If you or anyone you know has a location, send an email to
#40dollars is probably the largest increment in my personal spending for the last 2 years of being a student.
I've never waited until the last min to get a costume. Can't believe this line at Ricky's. Note to self: never actually cut someone's hair.
I walk up in the club wit a hunnit bands all girls hit the floo and do they money dance.
About to go on stage. Excited about the 3rd night of the show! 5 more to go this and next week!
Also just "discovered" something called "His Satanic Majesty as a Cowboy from Science Fiction." #totalassaultontheculture!
We really should be able to log these online chat hours as PD. : )
COME JOIN THE ROCKSTAR BOYS @ CABO THIS AND EVERY SUNDAY THE PARTY HAS A NEW HOME!
what is your user name!
you eventually will haha
Ha! I try to bludgeon at least once a week. It's very therapeutic. You should try it. :) Getting excited for your book release?
Braves win in dramatic fashion! Brian wilson chokes...
Open at 9am for march madness and st pattys! Happy hour all day,no cover charge,live music and cold beers
wow standup comedy?!!! u must tell me all about it! my friends r trying to convince me but idk about that lol
Living up to your expectations is a good feeling
craving late night #happyhour where to go?
if i dont tell you what my heart holds and its value maybe you wont have the urge to destroy it
{runs over to stops in front of her, makes a balloon animal horsey, then runs away calling out "neigh"}
Terrific! High fives all around! Okay, now to make it worth it for you. =)
Thanks for putting out there advice for the rest of us and TFF!
Happy Cinco de Mayo here in sunny AZ
I was at the game tonight too but almost directly across, it seems, from your spot.
How to Locate the Best Totally free Download Software program Post by John Smith Genuine free of charge computer software do
we're currently speaking with about future plans. Stay tuned!
What a night! Chicago you are the best, for real. Let's do it again.
Thank you! Glad that you enjoyed it.
Jack Radcliffe's 'industry' image submitted
Thanks for the update! Checked it out, glad to be out there so people can take advantage of some funding!
adorable and congrats on the the little ones arrival.
dude nice SWEATSHIRT in the AVI
I knowww just looking up the stuff made me want to pull my hair out. I dread it so bad ='[
I have so many expectations, and they always lead to disappointments.
when will you come back to Philippines?????????
Justice League > Avengers. There better be a movie in the works!
1800 I need sum fashion help recall here i go...Da True 1 Mrs.oliver
well thanks for following me! Haha
Great spending time with Matty and crew at the Mansion...thanks for dinner cc
SM Is good for students supporting each other. Some places consider this to be cheating.
a man after my own heart! RT : TGIF! One Friday closer to March, to Spring and to golf season.
With the 47th pick in the #NFLDraft, the #Seahawks take Bobby Wagner, LB from Utah State.
is at Progressive Field, hoping this game has a better outcome than last night's.
Shopping downtown today!
RT if you have waited behind a door to scare someone, then leaving because they’re taking too long to come out.
I'll be on "The Show" with Hector and Abel from 1-2 today, 1150 AM. Looking forward to questions about from them and callers.
Tumblr Is Way Better Than Twitter
Wow I feel like a fattie. I just woke up from a dream where I was stealing cinnamon rolls from a bakery! ...I'm kinda hungry now...
We are announcing the close of TGA 2011 as it currently is due to a lack of participation. Stay tuned for a relaunch in the next few months
Big day ahead of me, heading to the hair salon...<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086>
if you a female and you need money, try strippn... ALL these ma fuckers talk about these days is MAKING IT RAIN
Classes start tomorrow. Call 259-9999 to register today!
New mens and womens tees arrived today from Attain Clothing Company!
Well I am going to get back to trying to make extra $$ & downsize...hope I don't get ticked & feel the need to come on & vent!:)
:D ok its at my school may 23((: ill buy your ticket at school ^_^
The want to get more rich... Instead of spending money today and getting it back tomorrow they spend less money to make more money...
May attempt to take someone home with me!! Who wants to get luvin!?!
Calls /VP music Disney, VP Warner Music, Dir of Scoring at Berklee, its been a busy day.
Mare I am truly sorry. I hope your family can find comfort and strength, his is so sad. Hugs.
Looking forward to leaving work early spending some quality time with my hilarious children...
Nice tweet, Nate!
seeking simple ways to monitor student academic growth for teachers in social studies classrooms. Ideas? Do you do it?
"Ever made love to the women of your dreams ?"
Spending 85 dollars on candy
Breakfast breakfast breakfast
i wanna walk down the street listening to Cissy Strut
would love a startup therapy lunch, but unfort can't make happy hour.
when was the last time the gators didn't have a draftee before the fourth round?
Stop playing Doodle Jump instead of watching Kevin Durant, people.
Amazing week in the Bluegrass, leading into a crazy weekend at work. This week...we shall see :)
I know.. When is the final?
#InstantTurnOn If you're British ;D
IM NOT FEELIN IT TODAY BUT GOTTA GET THE PAPER
Fuck school in the morning ugh
YES! RT : Being on time is not "white," it's professional. We must do better.
It's a nice feeling - open up old project put in NITableModel, delete tons of boilerplate code in uitableview :) cc
Such bull shit! “: If you have faith when you pray, you will be given whatever you ask for. -Matthew 21:22”
Can 2 paddle faster than 1? Floating on Mission Bay. 1st days of summer.
No! I'm deeply saddened, RIP Adam Yauch aka MCA.
you're in charge of shit!
how many people have a library card and what is the name of your library system or systems you belong to
My two fave people are in town :) out with trish and rach!
post some pre-edit photos you've done so far
it's the only game I own. Gonna set up xbox live tonigjy
There's a man with no shirt on talking to himself outside of Michael's apartment building. I think I'll stay in the car until he gets home.
You know I will... And I'm proud of you killa... Now you can put that gun away and stop hustlin lol....
It's not a hoochie or easy.... It is outgoing. Ladies line that better.
Best wishes to and as they practice a simulated mass casualty incident today!
Nothing like running in to a friend in the skyway while carrying a giant bag of popcorn. I felt like I had to justify my choices...
get out the barrel girl.
i usually try to explain "Types" of Women using the Samurai Pizza Cats.
Need answers... seek the will of God for your life. It will be alright. Be Encouraged.
Or our clients, eh? RT : Your next 5 tweets do not represent the opinion of your employer or followers
Thanks for the Lead Day love.
Reading Tina Fey's Bossypants it's funny b/ wasn't my vote for the month. Taking a break with DL. Like everything u write so good!
Flip Nicklin, our young tarantula, is shy. This doesn't seem to bother some people. Whatever for??
Love a woman who can speak her mind!!!!
I like hosting but am also small/far + historic issues with logotv's site. I don't mind traveling.
seriously Jo you should get one! So fun! Maybe it's just the thrill of something new :-)
hope to see you August 8th, it will be my birthday present to myself!
i love the teaser!!
Homework..shower...bed...Goodnight <U+2665>
. I tried to believe you, I don't wanna leave but I need to. ...
Thanks 4 helping raise awareness on the importance of science, tech & math education for Filipino children and the country's future.
Plan for tomorrow, but live in today.
I #NEED more #FOLLOWERS.....#FOLLOW ya girl
watching CAN'T BUY ME LOVE - may have been the reason I became a cheerleader, or it was REVENGE OF THE NERDS - 80s teen movies rock.
My favorite SF coffeeshop has closed. And lo, there was much weeping and gnashing of teeth.
Knicks interim coach Mike Woodson confirmed Amare Stoudemire cut his hand. Stoudemire was seen leaving the arena in a sling.
": LOL at the girls with their butts on the sink ! :D" got to love those :)
what's your source?
I hate when my boyfriend doesn't go to school on time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
RT : We definitely hope to see you this Friday for the #PinkCarpetEvent Marlena! :)
Oh Lord, what has the done to ruin my peaceful Sunday morning? Thanks for all these RTs.
wow, that's a lot of moves, I got fired once, I'm out of the game. Radio was a good, I didn't do shit.
I don't know how I'll ever get past this awkward #hair stage. I hate feeling plain. Where do I find the will power to let it grow?!
"Respect for self is the beginning of cultivating virtue in men and women." ~Gordon B. Hinckley
So glad I found music all those years ago.
NO stupid flare gun
or how exactly diverting public funds to corporate share holders will improve learning outcomes
It could have been worse...
haha!!! That was weak!
i'm jealous!
Some days call for a second scoop.
where u been sucka!
I love She is extremely beautiful
Want a shoutout? follow and RT this
Not sure he hates everyone, but obviously you do! Hey, he's different in many ways... so much to like about that
I think I hate twin sized beds more than anything in this world
Thanks to and i have my first official single. Now i need a name.
I'll move to NYC and live with you if I can get a job at the NY public library. Quick! Get me a contact!
Thanks! Look forward to staying connected as well.
All of the islands on ONE website!! That's Island Connex! www.islandconnexsitecome Please support the movement!!!!
it's time! Work hard! “: Can't wait to see Suggs and Wilcox on the floor at the same time. #shooters”
Waiting on is like waiting on christmas!
People at my job going 2 be quiet as shit tomorrow
On my way to the Hunger Games!! I'm so excited I can't even...
I am out for a bit
I love/hate practicing patience.
:( if u wana cry, cry. just remember its his lose for losing you!
Steve he wants to go out with a hot man .. Maybe make out! #HITitWITHaREALITYstar!
wonderful cool breeze after the storm
just finished reading the blog post about making a #beer wars part II gotta say I agree and disagree with it. CHEERS
i tripped on a kiss and fell on love <3
"Only Those That Will, CAN!" A little something I just thought up as my personal Quote 2 remind me "why" on days that seem overwhelming.
i hope you voted for me
- Damn links only last about 20-25 min each! LOL ON TO THE NEXT ONE!! LMAO!
POSC big news out folks
Are you on Instagram? Follow us and tweet us your name so we can follow you!
I did a little work on my cardboard robot costume this weekend. I'd like to have it ready for the #ScifiRoadTrip to Devil's Tower.
Head down to Casa Esencia & QBar on the Hotel #Albuquerque property tonight for some Friday Night Fun! #YOLO!!
“: Lakers Fina LOSE is what Y'all Don't Know.”
Trying to decide whether or not I think Gallinari is hot...
ABRACADABRA! has new followers
Many businesses are including an arts awareness and educational responsibility in their sense of mission
Hey, watch Motorcity on #DisneyXD. There aren't enough animated dystopian sci-fi hot-rod programs set in Detroit on TV.
Diversion due to weather at O'Hare.
If you're a teenage girl you're kind of ashamed of the reputation that the rest of your kind has given you.
No GetGlue for this movie title: I'm watching "Of Dolls and Murder."
hey Montana :) is it ok if u can follow me?
"Give attention to the details in everything you doAnd excellence will come."
you need to spell his 1st correctly. Show some respect :)
I love the feeling you get after running... Why is it that I never remember that until I'm done?!
chasing Richie Sexon was a goal this year right?
Really like too see to shut dale jr up and show he is the greatest hendrick driver
Thanks for your time and support! RT : Volunteered at tonight! Got lots of pledges! Success!
Hello World from Chicago's fuzziest, loudest, noiseiest ambient band.
Hey! How are you?
fav is the Women's Luxe Down Parka!! NICE! looks so comfy!
RT often “: There IS a #GOPWarOnWomen - too bad you think it's silly - we don't and we VOTE”
Sleepy tired gonna goto bed turn on my music and sleep.
well .. just came from walmart .
Cain only one with a REAL PLAN and one that ends the IRS and thus the mechanism designed to enforce ObamaCare. Perfect. 2 birds w/ 1 stone
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. It's just that yours is stupid.
In 1869 the Central and Union Pacific railroads were joined. The nation listened as operators recorded blows of the hammer on a golden spike
Looking at tv. Chilling
I died at some point tonight & came back to life. doesn't believe me either..
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying - One Direction & the return of Boy Bands. Thanks a lot, , I'm blaming you...
I hope it's all good. knows me too well ;)
if you want a battery, go dig in my garage ;)
Unemployment rate ticked down in April, but barely – Philadelphia ...
its a #tabibonney kinda day :)
Needed a fix tonight and went with
the effects are worse in kids
Killer headache. fml
Horrified to hear what happened to your girl Bella. Justice for Bella for sure. So very sorry.
Workin all day in the salon with oils and stuff on the floor and then walkin out in the rain is a horrible plan
HEY everyone =)
I'm doing my part to fill our houses for screening while on the subway i was reading the FIP guide& telling ppl what to see
I gotta get out of Savers. How many Kingston Trio albums is too many?
I want a special s/o to my boo do good on your ACT , and everybody else who taking it. Good Luck Yall , yall will do Fine <U+2665>
sleep eludes me
Easy not to know your idols instantly
Indira Nehru Gandhi~ You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist.
Hockey fans call that The Mike Green Conundrum
You rang?
I'm a heat fan. I just need the Bulls to lose.
Road trip! & I heading to #georgetown for event. Watch out DC!
is totally awesome'
very! we're excited
Today my husband has been made a full colonel. His commission was signed by President Lincoln.
my wedding reception party is today at the halftime bar in hazel dell at 6 pm. it's gonna be a good time. if your not busy come out.
your comments get me through the day :)
I wonder if it's true that Lollypop has already investigated this?
One more for the good guys
Good morning peeps! Get your OT fix early today! Due to private event, we'll be closing today at 10:30am. But we'll re-open 6pm.Happy Friday
How appropriate!!
LET'S GO SEE AVENGERS TOGETHER :)
": Rumors are like paranormal entities. They haunt you until you die."
spoiled by this town!
(Milwaukee) Crash @ 13th & College, air bags deployed. OCPD officer on scene reports 4 injured
WWW.VARSITYJACKETS09.COM WE ROCK CUSOTM VARSITY JACKETS WORLD WIDE SERVICE NO MINIMUMS!
Hey dont forget about ladies hoops. you could first to tweet about Britney Griner's dunk.
Thx! RT : First Date was awesome! Absolutely hilarious & a definite 'Must See'!! Dinner + Show = perfect evening!
Appears to me that you're doing the work of angels! I'm proud to have you as a follower.
It probably makes them wonder if we're talking about peter pan or Ms. Blodgett!
hey Michael just wanted to say hello brother. Hope all is well.
Watching some
TONIGHT- The Robert Erness Band is performing LIVE at Show starts at 730pm.
lol, that's totally fine...we'll figure something out! :)
Guys please reframe from wearing those fitted body shirts if u have a beer belly
babe... I seriously have some stupid issues with technology. Lol
Thats Easy, just use sandals on wednesday - no socks needed
Ayez un anniversaire très Bonne en France or in English ... Have a exceedingly Happy Birthday in France :)
I also submit artists videos to various blogs and magazines to help get them featured.
lands in Cleveland OH Shani, Joey & Ernesto motivating students @ #SLS2012 to continue with their higher education
good morning
having a talk about "love". Whatever that is haha jk
booth. Man, Batman Arkham City Lockdown... Drool.
yes! If not, and I will visit you on a trip back from Europe later this year. Hugs! Hug Ana too!
Definetly gonna tweet more today lol :) I have homework to do tho which sucks so I'll try my best :p
I just experienced a little earthquake....
check out , a site based in SF where users to go on double dates in the city for free. They're giving early access. Awesome site.
Yes, I was hired by Universal because they needed a comedy director
I'm suffering from a motivational deficit disorder...
thanks for the follow keep up the good work
so you obviously get enjoyment out of it. Can't hurt to let that show.
RT : my Hannah Unnie! she lives in the same dorm as me, she is going to make me Korean food for dinner next year! yay!
It's charity ball season... Getting ready for the second one in as many weeks.
I've watch it already. It's pretty awesome.
Why do we have a daytime #curfew when CA state already has a truancy law, & most juvenile-related crime occurs in the afternoons?
How could you, AIG? You're the exact opposite of Beth Israel.
ma face really startinq to hurt uqhh
Glad you made it in one piece! Feel free to return my suitcase full of dirty underwear and oranges from LA at your leisure.
Just attended cuts for a cause charity event @ Ned devines Boston where nick Varano of strega shaved bruins capt zdeno chara's head.
what time do you guys go on tonight? Rushing to the city now!!
Chris Udofia named DU's Co-Male Athlete of the Year.
over & over again.
I like that too, not like my Dad's!
lol, thanx ebb ! Hope you had a great mother's day..
The ice cream man knows I'm hungry. He passed by my house 3 times already. Asshole.
Huh? Seriously man... I'm trying to follow you're logic here. There are good people and bad people in every profession.
FREE STUFF! Follow us for more details!
Thanks for the
There's an awful lot of screaming and crying coming from downstairs. I'm going to assume/hope it's coming from the TV.
"the Mountain" is a beautiful video. Great job!
happy birthday ! Cant wait to see u guys live for the 1st time tomorrow! So excited!
I really hope there is a Dark Brotherhood contract on Cicero at some point.
google my name pacmang74
very pretty. Especially the shoes
happy birthday!!
Looking forward to the day I can spend time with my second family and my other half <3
Hey guys! Sorry I've been MIA! I forgot this password! But it all good I remember!
www.Twittitt.com
I hardly know you, but I highly approve of your existence :) and your face :)
cant wait for #BOYFRIEND video, and #BELIEVE 57 #DAYS ((((: so excited<3
But opinions aren't made so that people agree so I just disagree it's all good :)
Separate but equal was ruled unconstitutional by the U.S. Supreme Court
Huntington theatre is hustling. They are making personal calls for play tickets.
Oh, now it's a WisDems unity event. People need not apply?
Happy holidays, Kelly!
we send ours to a week long #summer camp with our church. They love it....ages 17, 14 & the 10 yr old starts next year.
is always got that spoken word shit on it...the smooth interlude of fruity deliciousness invading your brain..gtfoh..
Gold Ohio Inc. as an account representative
I know April told me lol
what brings you to our great city tonight?
Packing up and heading to Oasis Youth Center in Tacoma, then a vigil for Benderella, then leading south.
Jan is a month to make changes - Resolutions, goals. But it's what you do Feb - Dec that determines if those goals are truly achieved!
Big THANKS Associates donors who make the Trinity experience possible! You are part of the celebration on Sat. when 530 process.
Ironic to have one of world's largest prison industrial complex companies (Sodexo) on screen before World Peace Game
#NYTM had "last tweets" of several people who died in 2012. Completely creeped me out and almost convinced me to stop using Twitter.
Tbh I really don't gaf if a guy is "lightskinned" or not.
Awesome ! Take it slow
no on to UT professiona development center interlocal; some concern over minority inclusion
I know this game has been over since the first few minutes but can these announcers really show some interest in the #Broncos...once please
Bored who can I c... Nbox
Tupac was my dude
Okay, time for dinner! Thanks for all the warm welcomes & sweet words... #kindness is the BEST (: Have a great night lovies!
RT : I'm thinking Google+ "Hangout" could be the killer app for Fantasy Football drafts.
Can't wait to see the looks tmrw: "Was that a Pilgrim driving that car? And an indian in the passenger seat?" Yep. Love #Thanksgiving !!
Im now a fan of #Missing #AshleyJudd is bad ass.
Boston is a great city, and getting to know the area is key. Poke around our site and blog www.ProperRG.com!
Hey, Met Ed: please don't waste manpower on the free ice and water--get our lights back on instead!!
Jeb Bush as VP would be the final nail in the Romney coffin (air-conditioned and padded with rich Corinthian leather though it may be).
if u could relive 1 thing that has happened 2 u thru out the yrs what would u choose & why?? LUV YA :))))XO
house! No more SATS
Oh Mr. Moon...you are glorious tonight!
Eleven eleven <3 pm
I shall not be provoked. I am the rock, which divides the river.
ha ha then maybe they should give iphone 4 owners a discount. I am not eligible for an upgrade. not sure I want to pay full price
Here comes the spin. RT : . on poll: Survey presents false choice between streets and bikeways.
You guys ever think of revisiting Rain-Slick Precipice of Darkness for iOS and Android? I think it'd be a killer touch game.
lol well no prospects as of now haha
James Brolin sighting significantly more annoying than Will Smith. Thankgod Pam is a safe distance away.
I do meditation n ish for my nerves. Lawd knows they badd.
I'm still thinking of last night game! Congrats NY Giants! See u at the parade tomorrow!
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT. BE BEAUTIFUL,BLACK,AND SEXY.
nice mst3k reference. Watching "war of the colossal beast" right now.
JOANNA NEEDS TO GET HOME FROM WORK UGH.
RT - Cheer loud #Indians fans, there has been a call to arms to defend Cleveland's honor. #Indians players plan to do ju...
What a beautiful day outside!!
GREAT CHOICE with Dia!!!
I want HIM. & only HIM. <3 He's so... xdeuisjedrfhjiodrn.... omg <3
t_Pimp Certified Thursday's is back for the first time on April 26th
Law and Order SVU's that involve children always make me tear up... i couldnt imagine something happening to Jordan
Hi Thanks for following our twinning tweets and keep 28th January 2012 free for Last Night at the Proms at Palace Theatre!!!
there is no other feeling like that. you will be alone with the gods and the nights will flame with fire.
hangout music festival in gulf shores Alabama
Theres nothing for me here
ur such a good friend! So I am leaving friday for vegas #boom#
I"m need Cj stop fucking up all these 3
pretty soon we will be able to provide you with pizza that does not make you feel fat!
Summer aint coming fast enough....
Forgetting what I was going to do is my specialty.
What were you scrambling for when the power went off, food, gas, even a generator? Not me - batteries; "D" size for flashlights & lanterns.
Can you follow back if you have swag which you do
Lmfaooo (: But i keep watchin #BET just waiting for Mindless behavior to be #1 lolls (: ! i hope you voted or texted 79922 "BEH"
Lol yea.. I guess this it's true at times. RT : #Aries are real, outspoken assholes.
Thanks love! Miss you!
People say I'm small for 10. I'm drinkin milk now.
Excellent! Let us know what you think! - The B Side RT : I'm coming Sunday night!!!!(:
amazing. Just hanging out with my friend nick! Haha this is random...but my old old metal band Kaiden used to play there a lot
Thank you all for the RT the last couple days. We appreciate the support!
If you're looking for quality screen printing check us out - www.inkscreens.com
Don't stop believing...
Turns out Briny is using a belly putter. I think they should be banned on PGA Tour. My allegiance sways to Bryce Mulder. #Frys.com Open
You can lead a heart to love, but you can't make it fall.
Ok everybody. Lucky numbers. Ready? Go!
alrighty its up there(:
He seemed to tired/defeated today. :(
Solved it - thanks. Embed code (as opposed to RSS) would be helpful... otherwise it's a great resource.
thanks Mike. Best of luck to you and your great cause.
hell yea xD gimme the link
my god, they're shooting 32%
Changing your perspective can literally change your life.
bummer. It was epic.
I'm on a mission to get updated nonfiction books for our school library. Plato WILL not be a planet. Not in our library. Not anymore.
that's co-rrect. Gearing up as type - lots of gift certificates to give away!
14 more days to reach ny goal of 1000 <3 think we can make it??
Do not give, only to take away, and don't offer just to receive...if you don't care enough to follow through on anything, why should i care?
Are you ready for the New Year?
5-1 win tying finals at 1 game apiece with Edmonton! Dedicating "Sure Shot" in memory of MCA to the Hawks!
Erin and Clare must feel like they were dropped on an alien planet. Tomie, on the other hand, must be basking in the glow.
I need some clothes for work
hi! I went today ill know for next time tho thanks baby
Anthony are you comin?
it seems that all I did in grad school was read horrible non-British historians, really...
Please let this new call recorder app not randomly stop in the middle of an interview.
We are a graphic design company. Our website is www.stardesignsa.com . Let's see what we can do to help you!
Ears are still not fully recovered. Best. Night. Ever.
How about "Closer to the Weekend Day"?
Big mommas house
wait! Its only Wednesday?
hey thanks for the follow! we love you now. "like" us on facebook!
Any girls down for some slow pitch this weekend our coed team wants to play so let me know girls ASAP if your down!!
so ridiculous i cant watch the brewers game. blacked out on mlbtv bc its nationally televised yet it isnt on tv.
Newsflash for mitt romney: FEW of us who Elected President Obama are "disappointed in him", He isn't perfect, but we DO want to KEEP him!!
is tht right?? ok then ill start bringing her around more kk :)
I get into the truck and Rebel Yell by Billy Idol is on. What a sign<3 haha
SAME. RT : Wonderwall by Oasis always takes me bake to the summer of 2004
thanks for the RT!
i joined michigan furs =D
I'm so excited during the summers to see teachers excited about learning. Wish there were a better way to carry wkshp experiences into Feb.
Reading manuals really sucks.
“: been a huge fan of yours since you came to the #Royals.Really wish KC never traded you” I second that motion.
it wasn't tht type of wedding sweetie.. :-(
Bye my Life
Misses babe:/ I'll be in Portland though <3 :)
Thanks to for the follows. Have a great weekend everybody!
History Live! is television that talks back to you. Putting the action back in interaction
Mariners on the wrong end of a perfect game. Philip Humber sits down all 27, as Chicago beats Seattle 3-0.
RT : Stop letting people who do so little for you control so much of your mind, feelings & emotions.
hehehehe, JUST KIDDING! c; I wouldn't do that.. But I do miss him! A LOT.<U+2764>
Yes! We are DMing each other. Thank you so much!!
ATT #BostonArtist About to drop an exclusive Memorial Day Mixtape with called "Match Up - Philly vs Boston" Tweet Me Music
Uh-oh i dont feel good:o im going to shower than see how i feel after
But they are trippin. Cant take the attitude when I've been on the #grind all day.
I can't stand to see you with someone else
looking foward to creating new music
I think we are related
It's just one of those days little lady! Hope all is well with you :-)
no imma go 2 the mall n chck it out 2morrow, hopefully i can find some #pacman gear
Lazy Sundays are fabulous...sunshine, birds, butterflies, the scent of lavender and roses.
#WhenIGetBored i tweet.. duh
Brain Floss: German scientist W.C. Roentgen is credited with discovering the uses of x-ray machines.
Got my new author's packet today. Thanks
how was prom hoe...
Leap Year was absolutely adorable. (: #goodmovie Now one of my favorites: The Notebook. (:
what's up Tyler
- i think it will be a deathmatch: myspace (wounded, but still alive), Facebook and twitter
Go Sherry! Go Sherry! (insert techno beat).
Because we are working with topics on the people side of business, we have to understand the myriad of variables groups bring to the table
time to go boost our self esteem in a series against the shitty ass cubs!
I'm his Protégé.
Thanks, Eric. Looking forward to getting things started for you.
Do you have any job openings?
I could really use a nap right now.
Still making our way thru the intros... Get to the questions already!
More markdowns in Accessories being taken today and tomorrow (jewely, jewelry, jewelry)! Come check out our new handbags!
Back to the greatest job in the world, happy #Monday everyone.
ask your friend if they floss and if not tell them about floss and Listerine whitening for whiter teeth these should help.
It's early days but do you know anyone who is driving over to #sasquatch on Sunday morning? I'd love to catch a ride and help pay for gas :)
OMG Love that tutu!
HAVE YOU HEARD?...our single REJOICE is being premiered on WGBN Pittsburgh RIGHT NOW. Check us out www.wgbn.net
i praise you.
Sign said "next 5 miles slippery when wet" wtf...
I just don't want to be lied to by the one who means the most to me.. About anything...
#imissthe90sbecause the music was amazing :) <3
hey, don't forget german food!
tweets never fail to amuse me
I'm BAWLING my eyes out!I loved you so much! You were such an inspiration!
A bank is a place where they lend you an umbrella in fair weather and ask for it back when it begins to rain. ~Robert Frost
try having a brain or reading a bible. You clearly know nothing about what people that believe in God even believe in.
Civilian Review Board = WATCHDOG over SD Police Department? Not Happening. It doesn't do the job. Tonight 10 news 5pm
that looks like deliciousness
hopin for good dreams, goodnight everyone, much love <3
One of the best things about vacays and traveling=catching up on YT vids and blogs! lol
Oh yeah, I forgot that they changed the name of the section. Glad you found it! Taco time!
: intrigued by . Hope I get an invite!” Hey Jesse, I saw ur email, ur on the list for the next invite round.
Thanks for thinking of me, friends.
love u
www.aaron.tv yeah. get on it.
Spoke to Annete Aguilar and the String Beans from NY today. Great bandleader.
new #paleo recipe up at www.fwhuntergatherer.com!
based on past drafts its not uncommon for our team to be fooled by smoke screens and false claims.
Burning my winter candle and smells like Christmas
Apparently he was in NO & after Katrina went to Durham. He told me all about it. Very, very nice.
why don't you love me?
Cant let these niggaz breathe
Bartending the Miami Beach Gay Pride block Party at MOVA lounge on Lincoln Rd. Come say hi :-)
We all have hard times but its how you react to hard times that matter
I just want to live inside Cheap Thrills.
Happy Saturday Hugs
yeap...even hi c tried getting me in calling me dj coolaid latino but said nope..I'm bumsquad and choppaholix..
Tired of my dog
When did everyone become so obsessed with being in a relationship?
the afternoon shift is perfect. i get to sleep in before, and have a social life afterwards
Please donate to the bank of warrington station / warrington station organization / warrington station inc. //
"The Grey" came out on Blu-Ray today. Do yourself a favor and GET IT. Will EASILY be in the top 5 of 2012 for me at year's end.
Gym time <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Tell us more! What a great platform to showcase students./educators/technology- a schoolhouse Digital Lit. Magazine.
Everlasting Love!
stream is broken, as usual. Cumulus, the power of radio!
thanks j-syn roman rep on doing some promos for his products
thank you! It's been good so far.
Jk, I don't watch sports anyway.
hey mang. You on the floor macklemore show?
Headed to Gonna b a great night. Join us at 6
what's your pick if uw and NC state ever matched up? Haha
You are very welcome! Have a great week ahead.
Anyone else using Tweetdeck? Are you having messages get stuck in the "mentions" column? Mine will linger for several days.
Why can't I randomly rescue/find a cute kitten like every other person on the internet?
Already checked out your beautiful treats! Always looking for yummy new gelatin recipes.
Looking forward to another great night as the #Movement presents the sounds of tonight at |
yes .miss you and your family !!!
Easter breakfast at Morning Times was a great decision. Thanks
all original including DLR ..but bass is wolf
sweet! Let me know whatchya think!
Happy Sexy Monday!!!
Who Has More #swag? Or ? Retweet with Your Answer
Believe in yourself
once i start tweetin i cant stop
Thanks for following :)
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. ~ George Moore
love it! Best beer on the planet. Brent--go to company in Juneau. Try all beers.
#kids Live shark feedings at Museum of Nature & Science at Dallas Museum of Nature & Science - Science Building, Fri, May 18 11:00a: What...
going to the tailor shop. bringing sally home.
We're excited to be headed to Philly for ! Come by Startup Alley and see our mobile technology for student support!
had a Beauty Bag Giveaway on Facebook. You may still be able to get one. Check Style on FB.
#NP I May Never Find - Chris Brown
You know youre with the right girl when their favorite place to be is by your side
Springsteen just did a stage dive. Holy balls!
: Thanks for the birthday well wishings! That's so "Tweet"of you :)
I m so fuckin mad tht non of the Yankees waon the GOLD GLOVE dis was totally set up fuckin Yankee Haters.
haha priceless...your alert bracelet idea....amazing!!!
checking out my nephews album cover..
yo dude - do you have a dvd copy of the sexy power hour? Trying to bring it over to the girls' house and get your drink on...?
we do! Do you know your section & seats yet? (:
Central Florida Senate districts do not pass the smell test. More later today on TPH.
Due to the wintry weather forecast, all sessions for tonight at CANCELED. To reschedule, email or call and we'll get something set up.
And tonight ill fall asleep with you in My heart :/
He's a zealot. He thinks jesus exists
so you tried to sell me a lemon
and I'm trying. It's not gonna happen instantly. If Kyle talked to you you'd talk to him too.. It's hard
I kind of liked their bagel sandwiches ... y'know, whenever they actually HAD bagels in the shop.
Enjoying a great bottle of Aia-nice follow up to #Briarcrest - thanks !
some r like that, but u kno not all of us r behaving that way. He may b great. He may not.
cigar good, I had one yesterday but a budweiser?
" No man is worth your tears; and the one that is, will never make you cry. "
My mind's on money homie!
Most Heat fans RT : what. The heat existed in the 90s?!? Haha
You are the best, Andy! Thanks a ton for this. Off to send Byron a note right now! Cheers.
Mitch has been in her room! I'm good to go! And Anna had a nice haircut. Matt you like that!
Department of Energy Announces New Clean Energy Partnership with the Republic of Korea
Last load of laundry for 2011 done...it was a decent year in laundry..no socks lost and only one shrunken shirt..2 waterlogged chapsticks
That #awkwardmoment when you and the janitor are the only ones in the hallway
yea lol i feel the artist is secular , not the beat lol .
love it. Shut it down
Maybe you read about it in but tonight FUSION opens the world premiere of Once in a Lifetime by Tennessee Wiliams! Get your tix!
Gone go get some gyros
So you have been attending multiple mm shows correct? Curious how u thought Dallas was comparatively?
Writing a National Geographic exploration grant for fieldwork in the Petrified Forest National Park. Dreaming of dirt & fossils!!
Did you know that over time you can’t smell your own house as keenly as guests do?
Balling with old homie way legit
Ugh I just wanna sleep :(
I can't believe you that place is not that good and it's expensive Smh
Saw the Avengers tonight. Saw a lot of #CLEVELAND in it. Great Flik!
Zeb was there, I didn't see Durance. You SHOULD'VE come, Mr!!! Lol
I got 20 mins to write these dance reviews..... Wish me luck lol
We're all the same behind the facade.
will be demoing our favorite cold-brewed coffee today from 11am to 3pm at Lamar in ATX! Come by and say hi!
By the new McFadden's, we think you mean The Pub & Restaurant! You should definitely stop by #KildaresIsComing ()
Life isn't about looking for a true friend. It's about being one.
Good afternoon twiggaz!
Why are you anti-gay? Are you? The longer you take to address this issues worst it will become.
Austin is an UNSIGNED artist. He already has 2 singles out. 1 is on iTunes and the other is coming out in 21 days.
because MBC's format sucks? That's my opinion at least lol
Congratulations. Great people in the NICU, but a stressful environment. Enjoy having Giana home!
Instead of zoning out or doing moderate-intensity cardio all the time, mix in some high-intensity intervals twice a week.
opportunities present themselves for a reason
RT : Cascio: How can we withstand the unexpected, and thrive? < excellent ability!
Weekends pass way too quickly.
#4S NUTS: IPhone 4S Breaks Sales Records Samsung Battles Apple in Court
RT : Last choir rehearsal before our CARMINA BURANA performance this Fri/Sat the Merriam Theater. Full choir 70-dancer...
your the jerk face.
Never heard #mumford&sons until this morning thanks to
Obama sure is bipartisan when addressing the nation
NO TRESPASSERS, YEAH MY ASS, WAIT TIL YA GET A LOAD OF ME
Mint 4 days with the best friend <3
Everyone's running around saying yolo but Drake's not getting any additional sales out of it. Most people don't even know what it's from. :/
It's Grind Time DIA -->FLL
MT : weird chicken happened. Foodies: what would make a grainy meat texture - inconsistent heat or rice vinegar?
man #gtfoh! Tell shorty I'll fuck him all the way up!
good to see that for the most part, you two use instagram for more than just chronicling your food intake.
How do you like the site? We love feedback!
got the lab on deck n still waaitin for this niggardly to come thru......
Focus Group, Manhattan, Tuesday March 13th. Looking for cell phone owners. $85 for 1 ½ hours #NYC RETWEET!
As a former asst. pros. atty, I support increased penalties for wounding law enforcement officers in the line of duty. (1/2)
Busted up in for an afternoon drank! Feels like home!
Purple drank, I still sip..Purple weed, I'm still lit.
Saw him in 2009. It was like a religious experience (and I'm *actually* religious). Highly recommend.
Cronon: Deciding statements on political issues should not just be majority rule. Need to protect the rights of the minority.
I AM an actress. How could you tell? Could it be my charm, my good looks, or the fact that I'm already an ACS student? ;)
I did and I'm not feeling 2 hot at the moment :(
#sleepnomore was an amazing experience. Like wandering around a David Lynch film for 3 hours.
The 'Cuse refs obviously have never seen Back to the Future. Never, under any circumstance are you allowed to alter the course of history.
Why did I just receive a free package of similac baby formula in the mail? Is someone trying to tell me something?
Those people are just channeling
Drinking a salted Carmel mocha : ) love em'
Of course, we love your initiative! RT : Thanks for sharing that! - Joe
on CNN / ac360: engineer says EQ damage in Haiti the fault of the engineers... feels he should have spoken out louder
My day consisted of strategy, creativity and execution. I even wrote a blog. Today was a good day.
"You Got Beat By A Girl!" Thats right baby! You go Rachel!! Kick some #AmazingRace Butt!!
Same here!
one love. united we stand
's hashtags make children cry
You're in! Welcome to the group. Not a crazy active group-tho today has been ;) But lots of great info in there.
That's wonderful!
Pulled Chicken and the Kansas City Eggrolls.
W/ smart creative marketing they can : Surprise move by Reebok, but seems like they are trying to stay relevant"
The best part about the article (other than getting to work with the talented ): Meeting so many new peeps!
It was nice of Betty Draper to loan Mr. Belding her fat suit.
Howard Stern is actually hysterical on Americas Got Talent. I use to be a Stern fan, but his show got old. I'm more of an Opie & Anthony fan
Aww, thanks love! When is your prom? :)
Every man must decide whether he will walk in the light of creative altruism or in the darkness of destructive selfishness. ~MLK
Ronald Reagan's 101 birthday... one of the top 5 best Presidents ever in the USA.
Yep, and led by his offensive line that couldn't block my grandmother tonight.
I'd die, totally, well maybe wet my panties in excitement
Fallow me n il fallow back!!
“: When do you do most of your job hunting? During the day? In class? (oops!) Late at night? #SportJC”all the time
Oh my, In-law TMI!
I'm tryna fuck the shxt out your aspirations
I think that is the nature of such things
It smells musty in this bus >.<
That's easy...writer.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand ghetto people
Hi David thanks for following me. Love Ontario.
Aida Kouyoumjian has recently released the second edition of her book "Between the Two Rivers". Available at the WSHERC's library soon!
#Dodgers hang on to the 2-1 lead and get the win today on their home opener. #Dodgers improving their record to 4-1
Love it!
If you continually give, you will continually have.
Morning everyone!!
do it! So yummy!
wassup with the heat bro
Saying "the system has failed up to this point," judge rules special prosecutor will review Koschman case.
Starting my drive home from Denver now! Hopefully I stay awake for all of it.
Recording the weekly show, a Hal Needham retrospective and a 21 Jump Street discussion today.
talk sir dont be denying the truth that your a real john cena fan i saw your post lol wrk out stop being so crapy
Aye go follow my new page :) thanks
you mentioned something about a FLA Asst that might come to light someday?
Saw the blog; looks great! Good to know you're still Internet marketing!
More fcat testing today then I have to take my photoshop certification exam. Ugh :/
yeah thats very true.
Doing something I haven't done in a while: #GTD Sunday.
I'm down!
Frank from The Air I Breathe was so cool! He's not an ass like some musicians.
Absolutely! Thanks! :) RT K2 will always be ahead in the "content" game… All the big #Joomla sites use it ;)
$SNPK what a recovery!
Well, I guess it might be time to change out of my jammies and get ready to chase down some whiskey.
:P the suspense in your story is amazing
for the first time in history you were too loud
Thanks for the RT. Good luck with them Finals, if u still have some left. Keep us posted and check us out some time.
I wonder what kinda music he gon drop.... Mafioso R&B?
Not most of us. :) I didn't even hate Chelios. Then again, I don't Carolina & I'm a Duke grad/fan.
cool. Can't wait til cuts it up for the show
Annual Rugby Banquet is Dec 3 at the Scottish Masonic Center. $90/couple due by Fri. will be collecting $.
ha ahh dude! Love you brother! We gonna be there next year don't you worry!!
Media over uses the word "demons" talking about Whitney Houston.
Tried the world-famous Fuzzy Zahn tonight. Do with that what you will.
Come on Rebels, let's go!
right on! Appreciate that!
Every one is getting fired from Melrose, #Smh! I wonder why?
Affiliate marketing Guide – Advantages, Disadvantages, and ...
if your means of promotion is to talk down on other promoters or events, you may want to rethink your line of work. God don't like ugly..
haha that's accurate I'll try to step it up
I put that on yo momma
Thanks man, have a great weekend to see ya Monday
I am calling all the sycophants.
My heart breaks every time i read about the colonel screaming and lying on the gym floor.
Poll: If you were in a class on Pinterest, what would you want to learn? I'm working on my class handout.
First wakeboarding run of the season and dislocated shoulder- FUCK! At least I only have to wait till Wed to see the doc- Double FUCK!
you got that right!
CicLAvia is tomorrow!
:( are you nauseous? Or just feel super crappy? :/
Hate when the suns not out on a sat morning but seems to be every work day. Still an awesome start to the weekend.
SAY THAT BRO!
looking forward to finally finishing my vs shoots every weekend
Will there be anymore from men's camp? Love horton's floor video!
Ugh "I will be making an endorsement very soon - it will not be the current occupant of the White House" ANd we care because.....
no. That other random quiz that I was given on the spot... Yes. Yes I'm talking about that one. :) haha
:) thank you. I'm going to be with for the birthday weekend so it's a guaranteed blast
No~~ just since halfway through freshman year when my health got bad
My timeline is flooded with #chucksters, might not be talking about Chuck, but it still feels like a nostalgic treat.
There was a hottie outside that kept looking and smiling at me... I swear to God I could have a boyfriend. lol
you've got that right!
Philly CHEESESTEAK or zaxbys is what I'm getting. I'm starving I can't too long without eating
She gave me that Becky, I gave her that Yoshi... The only time you niggas touch key's is motif
what kinda food is there?
wow that must have taken you forever
Your welcome Mr. #Murray, don't screw this chance you've been given. -Nadal's knee
Skyping with Mike. Wait , you exist on twitter? Wow. Cool.
how did I know you would hate on Dirty Dirk Nowitzki!! Hatorade good this morning when u woke up? And why is Ashlee forbidden?
Happy Friday!! Praise the Lord! He is so worthy to be praised! Have a blessed and great day, y'all! :-)
You gonna need someone to wipe your ass again one day cos your 58 year old husband will be long gone
Good morning RUSHERS ! Love u -A
. I forgot about ! Thanks... 2000! has about 5700 digits.
Twittering w celebs is like having imaginary conversations with your 8th grade crush. So real yet no return talk.
have you ever ventured to Bloomington, Indiana home of IU?
Nothing but a ride home on the shuttle, new headphones and the new album. Does it get better?
Always a blast; and hubby can really rock!
It's my Friday and it's a Boston #drinkingaboutmuseums night!
Is this Spam too?
Yay! So proud to see you doing YOUR thing Tami!
lol I did but she was only like a week or two in and she ain't know it at the time.. But never intentionally
This song is Kelis- "Fleshtone" LEVEL!!!
way to go #BurnerTurner !!! :D
LIES! She did cuz of injury
Katie and I planned that shes marrying James Franco&I'm marrying Dave,and then we'll be sister in laws.yup.
The bad part of being a fan page is that we can't like back all the cool people that like us.
All finished up at the Parkway Half Marathon! Heading to brunch then getting ready for ! :D
We the Kings are gonna be the next big thing..
I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me. ~ Henry Youngman
Although it's hardly a surprise, it's still weird (& awesome) to think the Clippers just won a playoff series.
Someone give me a ride please?:)
Haters are really entertaining...
#Omazing RT : Glenn: With #Nationals, #Rangers, #Rays losing today #Orioles alone with best record in baseball. Let that sink in.
Women blink nearly twice as much as men.
I'm accidentally watching The Voice and all I hear is 1 blond girl singing great, and 2 other people sliding up to every note. Blah
It's a very, very hard market. it is all about numbers, numbers, numbers.
Regardless of the outcome, I think Ned Yost just LOVES BUNTS.
“: Thanks for following. Do you design restaurants?” Only the great ones ;) And contrary to rumor--we still do!
Somehow the trend looks like it continues, another sunny weekend is coming to Portland. What dark ritual did someone perform for this?
lovee your self description!!
the concert was AMAZING! everyone did a great job. proud to be a choir girl. :)<U+2764>
l000l! dont walk the halls alone! he may try and rape you. well its a full moon. maybe the freeeakkkzzz are out?
Show tonight leading the BloomingTones Big Band at Jake's Nightclub! We start at midnight!
How about "Pirates Of the Caribbean, City Beneath The Seas"?
awh omg why can't we go back?:(<3
Happy Birthday!
I definitely just ate one too many cookies.
Just saw Chasing the Sun music video it was amazing
I'm serious! You will make a girl a fine boyfriend! Just keep being yourself! Don't chain a thing'
I did. Nice. I will keep an eye out.
If you are on Facebook, please like the MWM Talent page. Thank you! :)
i dont need ur love just give me a fat sack of that kush green and a fifth of jack. my problems will be gone for the night.
i am determined to rape zac effron after watching the lucky one .... i want some one to make love to me just like that amazinngggg
I was joking. Commenting on the fact that it's brought up every time I watch any Philly game, ever.
if you're a brewers fan - means something different RT : LOL! #fearthebeer as a nice ring to it.
I hate stucking in the Big Apple traffic! Cuz wanna hurry up & kiss my momma
