Made it to Austin!
I'm using your smoking device jared brought to get off
Babysittings pretty cool cus all the free snacks.
Don't forget about #Kony, what are we posting about him for? Oh wait everyone forgot...
am i weird cause i like to do laundry?
dont mess with my macaroni! #Virgos like to do things their way and hate it when you try to change their method.
Merry Christmas from the Bark of Hinkle staff. Hope you enjoy the day with friends and family.
aw! Are you grounded?
Nap, food, and March Madness sound so good right now.
#1700 #Homeless #Children were identified in AC during the 2010-2011 School Year. Stand w/ us at 4:30PM to bring #awareness for them
your panel sounds great...sorry I won't be there...good luck tomorrow
Thank you for following! Hope you have a great week!!
Fitting that my first ride on is with , who's back in LA for the day (him, me, used to metro around together)
Thanks for the shouts. :)
While my 13yr old brother was reading aloud the vitamins listed on a box of cereal my 7yr old brother suddenly shouted "VITAMIN AWESOME!"
that cloud looks like a kidney
Even though they lost, i can honestly say that Bellmont still did great tonight ! & #everyoneelse(:
Lunch ! Favorites so far: The Paris, Berlin, & Buenos Aires
RT : We either make ourselves miserable, or we make ourselves happy. The amount of work is the same. -Carlos Castaneda
Vegas we have 7 more days of the Durango HS Shoe Drive. Drop ur used athletic shoes off or
hey watch it now im white and im not boring vinny! your show has way too much drama this season. not you tho!
Super Red Cross public affairs volunteer meeting tonight. Thanks for getting us together, Brittany!
Thanks for the re-tweet Corie. :) Have a great day.
Mwah my love! The happiest of New Years to you!
boyfriend. It's my jam
I like to think of my sleep mask as my Blind Superhero costume
I'm so hungry..... Nobody understands!!!
Katherine been trying to get her out for many months
do you have pliers? I have bourbon.
Goodnight, world. Stay safe
i fell into the hype and believed we could win the NFCE. I'm not falling into it again lol. I <3 RG3 though :)
It's 80 degrees in San Diego. What a beautiful day.
At the DU hockey game! Just signed up for a chance to win $25,000 at the booth! If your at the game find em and sign up!
Gazala Chinwalla wall street banker turned artists, born in Mumbai lives in NYC
And I have a meeting in the morning and no childcare prospects. Awesome. I should give up and go to bed.
It feels so good to sleep in my own bed.
Again, laying in bed watching ps. i love you. Wishing you were here with me...
i do!
I hit my dog in the head with my iPod lol nigga thought he was go bite me ! With his pink ass
"What I want in me is oncoming."
Thanks for that, I may be writing about it myself now that I am aware of it! Thanks for sharing it!
text first and last names to 41061.... itll be free
“: Little kid shown on big screen at The Ted with sign that says "Chipper, can you stay til I grow up?" #Adorable #FSBraves” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
AH! I was hoping this wouldn't resort to picccccccs OMG
DIRTY play by d wade.
wow 12 years that's crazy... it's so scary too
Can't wait to hear it ;) x
Happy Chalky Tasting Hearts and Overpriced Flowers Day!
A jr. attorney just asked me what I thought of Osama bin Laden's death: I've never been giddier about a case of lead poisoning.
those are global phenomena indeed regarding higher education. malthusian change reqd, unfortunately
will it be over 99 degrees again there today?
hahah i had dinner with him last night!! but no kissing... i'm sorry :(
What is it about the average which makes voting tax breaks for the wealthiest appealing? Smoke and mirrors?
Might eat mexican food later :)
Presentation is fast - blink and you miss
February 26th (Day 26) Breakfast Blue Machine Naked Juice, Luna Bar S'mores (Changed it up a bit this morning, went for the Naked...)
And of course the answer! RT : Neytiri! Hands down. She's like 7 feet taller than Cataleya. Haha - ZS
I am totally buying a warehouse first, two words: indoor zipline.
Hey lil brother! How r u doing? Much luv! Hope all is well dear sweet friend~((HUGS)) kiss on the cheek ;¥
Sorry you feel that way. Please send us a private message to discuss.
Idk if I'm risking to put up that picture on facebook, ohwell
apparently 79 is the new 45.
ehh, watching Wizards of Waverly Place. Cause I'm fucking cool.
Always respect a girl!,
In the studio... But not in the bed, i'm really in the studio. Lol. Making new music for all of you!
no amy we can't. I just hate all of you.
Mehn its too cold in here RT : : Waddup bro => cooler dan ice.
Now accepting submissions for issue 2 - So excited to read your work. Issue 1 is full and will be out at the end of the month!
Pretty excited to start my new job this week!
amen brother
Bioorganic test tomorrow
Sometimes I talk in a third person ...<U+263A> and people think I'm crazy especially my friends and family
moving forward---->
Does anyone know anything about or how to get tickets for the ESPY's?
Where did all the moderate #republicans go? Has that breed completely died out? How sad, because I used to love 'em.
DC: WARD 3 Townhall meeting tonite :30PM; featuring Vince Gray, with special guests: Michael & Kwame Brown & Phil Mendelson! C U tonite..
"Why did you order a fucking movie gabbie" "I didn't" "who else would" "probably the baby" HAHA LOL
Is it weird I want coffee right now? I wish I had some decaf. Hm.
I'll be in Paris in September
Anchorman 2? Eh, too late. Lost interest.
what is she doing?
Jon "Bones" Jones Bitch!
What nigga ": Aye"
Curious to hear you expand on that. Pool money for small biz great; downside is banks fund conservative me-too ideas.
Yes, forward me a cover letter & resume to
RT Ate way too much! Got to get back on my diet and exercise program tomorrow!
embarrassment is your campaigns middle name.
Whats the matter ? Grover Norquist got your tongue?
lol wat up hoe I miss yu imma be going over my brother house lyk every weekend so x his house close to yu so imma meet up w/ u
Still MISSING HIM
is that the assassin girl? I liked that flick
what's good bro. What you got cooking in that lab of yours
!!!Yay!!!! :0 Aw shoot. That is the worst thing ever. Never fun to hear.... :/
that seems strange!
thanks Becky!
aww #RespectZayn is trending :o yay Who can't respect he's amaZAYN in every way
OFF THE BUS. I can recommend the 36 to Friendship Heights if you have 2 hrs & 3 min to kill. Plenty of seats, minimal odors, good vistas.
oof...Oh Sleeper is nuts! That sounds like an awesome show!
So, I just read your blog, funny stuff. Just wanted to say thanks for sharing. :)
The ceremony concludes but the celebration continues. Welcome new DOs.
Workin really had are my chorus for the contest was up all Last night putting it together! Thinking outside the box
I think some people should get two Facebook accounts... one for each face -.-
Oh heavens. I like Duran Durand old stuff and the new. Love love love.
boo I just called you
Thank you so much for your input. I doubt I'll go now. Never been and was curious.
I never graduated college, high school or even lived through middle school, but I know one thing. Turtles are cute.
University of Washington
Wow I don't think the bishop at this church is real. He didn't once move diagonally. :-(
HAPPY BIRTHDAY have an amazing day baby <3
Currently: in Tomah for Sun's baby shower!!! :).
nice shirt
About to eat and sleep real good tonight!
#WhyDoPeopleDoThis talk shit, like it's going to make you look better?
I just can't figure out why they care so much. No one is saying the catholic church has to have perform ssm
I forgot how heavy Slayer's Seasons In The Abyss was, Metal Classic!
Yeah, Busy With Fun Stuff, Haha :P My Favorite? Wow....I Have A Lotta Fave's :P But Right Now It's U-Kiss :D :D ;D <3 <3 <3
Why don't you ever say to me, i swear man
On and off rain at the Walk For Animals tomorrow says with temps in the 50's
I feel like the worlds been against me.
It's lyrics to a freakin' Sugarland song...look it up & shut it ;)
excellent - glad everything got there in one piece – enjoy!
Can't sleep to much on my mind :(
since coach cal has been here the recruiting has been exciting can't hardly wait to see who we get I know another title is near
thx for the follow, returning the favor.
I think so too.. Gonna have a talk wit my professors about that tomoro lol
This summer was crazy -- set all sorts of weather records. Tomorrow only, on the last day of August we'll offer One Day Only 50% off coupon.
Just like he should have--and didn't--two starts ago.
How does anybody not named Paul Konerko not beat that out?
wow i thought u looked good in pink but i got to switch that to blue all i can say is wow
The party-sized bags of M&Ms and potato chips left over from yesterday's in-service are not good for my figure.
So who might u be??
correction: *kissing* Friday flush on the lips. thanks autocorrect.
All my followers: please retweet about my etched poetry and I'll hit you with a $5 discount.
Absolutely! Will be a great annual event! Especially since we know what to expect for next time!
no selena is dating justin bieber, she is his celebrity crush
Cool! Well like others have said, I'm sure you'll do great! :)
Looking forward to it! RT : Thanks for volunteering with us. See you tomorrow night!
The first step to better times is to imagine them. - Play Alganon
Let me get a #retweet if you #LOVE #Jesus.,
I know! Still figuring tweeter out. Loving it though. Miss u!
ha ok, koo. U kno i gotta make sure u good. & lol nothin? What happened to wosc?
I've learn the way to make it through the gloominess is to drink lots & lots of caffeine. Such a nice gloomy day in the hills.
i'm hungry. just thought i'd let everyone know.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME !!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH! <3 40
OHMYGODD I KNOWWW! HE IS A BEAUTIFUL BOY
Yuh Hold My heart In Yo Hands.
Just me, keesha and some good tunes... Oh how I've missed you!
Its so funny how the people who know the least about you, have the most to say.
Am Curiosity and y'all just cats
My Kindle 2 back button would take me back to where I was so I was really annoyed my Kindle Touch didn't. So, I'm happy.
Nice to meet you - look forward to tweeting with you.
mailing address in Huntington Beach 90s? contact me. We may have something that belongs to you! 619-225-2200 ext 122 sharon
Gotta have something to pop when they hit homers. It's a lifestyle RT ": Why do baseball players wear massive chains when they play?"
Yep, sitting right by the check-out for 13.99. I almost bought one just to say I did it. ;-)
I will love you endlessly.
Thanks, Dr. Ainhorn is the best.
Great fun tonight as a zombie on a Maury Schlrsser film. Woohoo!
I'm looking for more people to follow me that love the Green Bay Packers and love weather along with storm chasing! Plz suggest me to others
It does seem like one sick joke!
y is today so boring
But in that movie with the elephant he's all responsible and has 3-ring binders and stuff...
Biggie Smalls was the illest!
if you could print some that would be awesome
fun places to walk eat meet people and get into trouble!
#sunscreen . eat it
This weather is borderline crazy sorta kinda.
RT Reading furnishes the mind only with materials of knowledge; it is thinking that makes what we read ours.~J. Locke
Thanks for all the #FFs and RTs! Have a great day & See you at tonight's receptions
Got an audition? Need something fresh? Check out Monologuestogo.com!
If you spend less money tryna stunt and more money on your craft you might make it! #Music biz
Imma slow grind r.kelly , cause im on swole like nelly .
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL MOTHERS OUT THERE!! :)
smh yall will do without me lol but im ready to see who gon fight tonight
now stop bragging about it and USE it
I thought we were gonna get jumped lmao
Job in London....tempting!
I'll check it out tomorrow when I'm at work n get back with u
One play for Orton and already out
Mapping question: Is there a way to manually set the order in which Leaflet layers stack (aka the z-index of a given layer)?
I Need Some Fuckin Air Yeezys!!!!
"mam do you have an explosives?" "last time I checked sir, Walmart was sold out!" "mam this is a courthouse. Time to be serious." "oh my b"
Good brews from Track 7- big 4 strong, wit bier are good. Lines are long.
RT I been so damn tired
co-ed leering is a GO, my friend!
goodnight y'all:)
Leonardo da Vinci
"Just because you heavy don't mean you can't slide!" -- I said that to a box but I think it works for people too.
Thanks for all your help today. Go ahead and add "Santa plate designer" to your list of skills.
@ home irritated as fuck... !!! need a damn VACATION !!
Swear I Rt Everything When I'm High
(And getting soda poured on your head from someone spilling it from above - okay, that wasn't so great, but still...)
Like yesterday.
yea them two is an issue on the floor together.. We need Phil to bring in that triangle...
Thanks, Kristen. As ever, great reporting today!
LOL! Yes I do and yes we have. Wanted to see if you were awake. RT : You have my cell phone! We've talked on it before didn't we?
Absolutely. Should be a few more great videos with in the pipeline...
Where's a good place to eat near #goosehollow #portland ??
Choose your women wisely ....
Sandi Patty will be in concert with the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra @ Riverside Theatre, Milwaukee, WI. Dec. 17th @ 8:00pm.
Thanks for the RT John!
What an ugly game.
You rock. Thanks!
Can Bartolo hold it together today???
uWere on mine too : )
go online p.s i love ur black hair
Happy Birthday Bob Marley , excuse me while I light my
SpoonTheBand I saw the light from Transference
happy hour?
I mean, what's your benchmark?
If you weekend is free, seriously consider heading up to Feast of the Hunter's Moon in Lafayette. One of our favorite Indiana events.
did find that out from ?
Hey, you're in WA State - hey neighbor!
sure, that will keep the bullies at bay
LOL that sound wild but sounds like a great time!
Have you hiked? Been outside the city at all?
Rondo is just an all-around shithead. He can dribble the hell out of a basketball though.
Ahahahahahaha he was pied:D
Why didn't anyone tell me was on Modern Family!? I hope we get to see more
I would like to stay this happy ( if not better) forever!
The best part of this season was the internet posture fad that we started. Go us.
How was everyone's Valentine's Day? In the holiday spirit, we decided to write some songs for an EP titled "Love." Or NOT.
Blinds are 40 minutes long
TY! For the intro-following
. haha using parts of my brain I didn't know I had
haha for sure man
Oh fun! I still need to make it down there
Amare's bandaged hand=Curt Schillings bloody sock...?
Sweet tea at restaurants is NEVER sweet enough
WoW, so you jumped ship?
Hahahaha ... 92% of black people will vote for me no matter what I do!!!!! Hahaha ... I'm glad I have the ignorant on my side!!!!! hahahah
- not sure.
...I actually knew all this would happen, when that Case song came on Pandora as I stepped out of the shower last night ....
"Owney came in yesterday from Cincinnati over the Chesapeake and Ohio Railroad, & after being fed at Baltimore &Potomac station, went to NY"
Austin Mahone... definition: The one boy who gives mahomies hope that theres actually a guy out there whos not a jerk.
If I could trust you to bring it back...but, no, this is the third one I've had to build, & the parts alone cost more than $100.
I'm sick & tired of people that think they can just grab my phone and try go threw it & play games on it especially when they don't ask.
Wish this moth would fuckoff me TV.
Pin up photo shoot went great! Can't wait to see the shots! I love being a hair stylist!
chicken is forever the best taco bell quesadilla. I'm at work so I'll have to argue with you later!
Exactly. The editor/producer had no experience w comedy & was apparently from the canned laughter school of postproduction.
Yes, your gf just to totally checked me out.
Team Untamed Adventure just finish with some more altitude training on Cotapaxi. Looking forward to dinner.
It ain't ya spit game , its ya dick game
"Still workin on that?" - the line every server gives to people at the end of a meal, instantly likening the experience to pigs at a trough
Who wants to win the Jet game 13-13 in OT neither can get into field goal range
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
I'm with you on that get away
finally got my license!!
*coughs* I'm one of those fast readers. In fact, this year I'm trying to read 366 titles (some will be novellas.)
I think I see the point but I can't agree with the companies that try to make the workplace become like a college dorm. booze? loud music?
I'm so glad I work with shoes and not with food.
Just woke up from a good ass nap
Watching w/ !
As I was packing for a move a very upset kitty hung her butt off the table and peed into my bag on a dining chair.
#ThingIHateTheMost my list today is too long
Yummy food :D
#Quote2SpinBy <U+E148> w/o leaps of imagination or dreaming we lose excitement of possibilities~Dreaming is form of planning
My insecurities could eat me alive
To dance, put your hand on your heart and listen to the sound of your soul. -- Luigi Facciuto
Thanks for the
oh really did u have to say know u could said something else
"Pulitzer" in Arianna-accent currently on loop in my head
7 I think
Oh what a night...
Thank guys! =] my friend was messing around on my computer =/
Anything you want can be yours at anytime. -Jason #Mraz”
gargling Tang? ew!
Go follow , she's so adorable. c:
So Jose's playing a big practical joke on us huh? Who's the hater now bro?
Tune into NBC 6 right now to find out where storms are as you head out the door
NaLee a trilogy with mermaids, dragons, a private island full of secrets, 16 year old Frances with a sheriff to make your blood go cold!!!
Who will Joe Lahti cheer for Columbia Heights or Orono?
I drank a magnum of red wine and 4 beers the night before I started this process and I am anxious to get back to it!
Had a great time with the dudes from ! Look for the episode online next week sometime!
Harbaugh is a coaching fool....hands down he knows what the hell he's doing period
Working hard just to buy gifts for my family and friends just to bring in the new year broke...
This rain is really upsetting, I want it to be sunny!!!
cumin like a strap on !
WHITE BOYS
Not ready for tomorrow. I guess it will be diff.
I wish it was dark outside right now #PrettyLittleLiars just isn't the same...
I hope you enjoy the episode tonight! Like this if you think i will get over 300 fans by tomorrow
Another amazing day in malibu still waiting on some big news hopefully me and will tell you guys soon
I must've missed that. He deserves a heavy suspension though. No place for that. Its not MMA.
i love making girls dreams come true :) *giggles*
does anyone remember thy movie babe, about the pig?:)
Is there an escalator in the #Bart system that works? Finding one is like spotting a snow leopard in the wild.
Don't miss Novotus at the TLNT Transform Event! #tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win a $100 Visa Gift Card!
I will keep HBO longer if the Jets are on Hardknocks again.
We have 24 hours today to work towards our dreams. Make every second count....
Kathleen Turner is too classy for Bravo
New Post Bitches-Wilford Brimley! The New Blog made me laugh! I love it! Mike aka
hahaha that's me! and your right.
I received the same message and opened it. Now it is spamming everyone I know!
Goodnight world :)
gives me chills everytime.
lol I would if I wasn't at this miserable place
wow. I remember playing you guys in rec hockey at UBC years ago!
What is this I hear about new PAO merch coming soon!!!!
This is really cool So creative! Thanks Nat
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Rev Martin Luther King Jr
Love the follow Thank you!
Mineral Point with runners at first and second and one out in the bottom of the 7th. Grant Myers now up.
we miss you on the 40 man roster as well . always appreciated your versatility
just rented "eat pray love" ... thoughts?
home. in bed. happy.
Republicans call it "death," Democrats, "estate." You make the call (-;
Ralph Nader Leadership is, among other things, the ability to inflict pain and get away with it - short-term pain for long-term gain
she says no. She's relaxin' today
RT Today is a perfect one to grill out, have some beers and play cornhole. Too bad all I have is the beer.Cuz u r a HOOSIER!
How is this different from when you were young?
Happy birthday! Enjoy SPRING!
Take me off your worry list. It'll be better that way.
Not in the cards this time. Saw them though. Smelled great. A gem of a ballpark out here!
hey! we're outside. Are you closed?
Worlds Greatest DAD Hoodie
I didn't feel like going to Kentucky this weekend anyway. Have fun. See you at Preakness!
Great Birthday party this evening for my son Dylan who turned 9 years old today.
snow day i waited at the bus stop would prob be there if my neighbor hadn't told us there was no school lol
House & Senate GOP refuse to reauthorize The Violence Against Women Act.
thanks for following us back!!!! hope you like our music!
Someone play me on DrawSomething!!! I'm such an artist! ;)
is epic. :) nough said
my minds racin
i hope he'se okk i havent talked to him in a while :(
The Count of Monta Ellis
#IfYouKnowMeWell you'd know that me & my baby bro are as close as close can get! #siblinglove <3
nice photos you took earlier today!
We have a show tonight at Burt's Tiki Lounge 313 Gold AVE SW. We're playing with Antique Scream, Witchburn, and Astrovan. 10 pm. FREE!
And hats! RT : yep, he had the best voice and songs.
I cannot stand to be ignored.
RT : Joining us next week 4/18 Jennifer Abernathy - on Developing a Facebook Strategy
well... im done trying.
Understand data PPLive gt 1 life& dey ain't got 2 give a fuck about u BT the playing data do learn to appreciate dem or u gne lose them
well i'm enjoying being single and having fun with friends and family
We met you guys at the school showcase...we have a gift for Daniel (I think-graphics guy?)
Ryan Gallagher's Grindhouse aims to make the audience as anxious as when watching a Grindhouse film.
Was it coy?
Do not like this storm.
attention is the properly deictic precondition for the apprehension of intention
Perhaps! It was at the gym though, so it really threw off my workout mojo.
of is the first to mention at #WOMCC, and we're 7 hours in!
haha. It's been a WHOLE year.
Hopefully getting my hair done thursday !.
special $20.00 for a website while time lasts... email for more info
please check my tweets first before tweeting this, thanks
Bitch made ass niggas .
can't wait until HOV throws Mushnick's name in a song. One of them "Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls" type lines.
just let me know where in la you will be so I can give you truck info
I'm packin' up my stuff, gettin' ready to move on out. :(
My need to win <33 MY TEAM
Christmas eve is a TT!! I also think Santa Claus be a TT too!! I just can't wait I so excited 4 Santa Claus to come in 6 days!! My boys R 2
MALG sounds like what I found at the bottom of my tub a few days ago.
I will never marry a man who is not close to his family <3
So from now on I am going to be known as a Cab Drivor(R).
Paul Odegaard is playing trumpet with Wanda Jackson tonight at Music at the Zoo
..... Don't know, butI love this idea ... great new biz idea ... fantastic concept!
I Love Downtown! Am I wrong?
Happy Friday to you :-) RT : Thanks for #FF. Right back atcha! Happy Friday, ! :)
Listen to interview with NBA Hall of Famer Same Jones www.joeymurr.com/media/samjonesinterview.mp3
I no you thought I was getting 30yrs! U moved on! Where u been staying at! I been gone only 10months! Wow!
I'm still thinking. Lol, I have some ideas but I'm just not sure yet
assigning a 20-page paper is not the same as teaching students how to write a 20-page paper.
Thanks for your order! Let us know what you think!
We survived! 12 miles in 5.5 hours. Great recommendation!
#SFIndieFest starting Thursday. A ton of rad events lined up, including the Spinal Tap Tribute. Tweet at us for free tickets!
#AltNation on Sirius/XM nailed it today. Great music made the drive back from Jupiter fly by!
I will miss you SO SO much but I'll be just a text / DM / phone call away ;)
actually. Now us good
The new life is going to be sick!!!!
yes you do
For you, for mom, for an aunt or neighbor, don't forget that they told you they want #cheesecake this Sunday!
I just called but some bitch named Tracy answered <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
How does a skeleton call her friends?On a telebone.
me too
Wonderful! It'll go perfectly with my giant Snookie slippers.
The contact page for plentils has an error, tried on IE and firefox, will send
Hi point: conducting a concert using all Henry Wadsworth Longfellow texts, with all 5 of his great great grandchildren present.
Management is nothing more than motivating other people. – Le Iacocca
When I'm anxious, I can't sleep. Very important day for me today ...
Congratulations to the and Class 42! Today's #graduation ceremony was excellent.
| We love anything that has to do with water - and if it's functional & stylish and green - all the better!
Again, if/when ACC crumbles, is your bet NC and Duke move around as a package?
Wasted youth is better by far the a wise and productive old age
Participating in Microsoft's Personal Video Communication Summit. What do you want the future of video to look like?
Step 2 :-D RT : And also interact“: A good customer centric company uses #sm to listen #smmanners”
What a beautiful night it is in Washington, DC. The CBCF conference is always a good look and one of the best conferences we attend yearly.
Today is the first time i actually got to chemistry on time...wow
but you know, the thing is I guess you find out who your real friends are and who's going to be there for you at all times <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Don't know. I go both ways and I mean that in the best way.
Happy Birthday !!!! Have a good day 2day. <3 u :)
Thanks for following ! Let's play some song !!
Bed time..... easy day tomorrow....just scheduling music, an air shift, club night at and starting next week's mixshow.
At the waiting for an interview with
ha love it might get it myself
I MISS YOU TO! <3
oops.... i did it again
It does! Definitely bookmarking for next year. Let's connect when we're all back in town!
Post #rwtastingcrew, at with a buddy from back in the day. #needtogetsomefoodinus cc
I am in the exact situation, minus Battle. Let me know what you pick.
As soon as I see a tweet that starts with somebody begging for a RT from somebody I follow, I stop reading it.
Mahhhhh I miss you .-.
what an ordeal of a morning. discovered we can't have new dishwasher installed w/out like 10k worth of plumbing, and had to jumpstart a car!
It's so wired how quickly you can start to like someone..
As several students are getting ready for Dan Ireland's class tonight, do you have what it takes to perform in front of him?
#Libra the country MB will take you to: Puerto Rico
Happy Monday! It's been a great start to the week - so much going on. How's ur day been?
South Asian Diaspora women artist East West Convergence, show in planning stages send
Thank you kindly for the follow :-))
do you have it online anywhere?
At the doctors. & There's a creepy old guy that keeps talking to me; PETOFILE.
Just upgraded my page graphics...finally
Though your pants suit does bring out the color of your eyes, perhaps wearing the pants half of the suit would be less distracting
Day2 of the EMI songwriters conference and it's going great. Heard some cool stuff today. Gotta send out some more hits.
Knicks gotta pull this off, so memphis can get home court.
"I wish they all were dinosaurs!" courtesy of
You both had the same tip, and it's a pretty brilliant one at that! Thanks, ladies!
"Progress is impossible without change; and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything." - George Bernard Shaw.
Hate when people say "ok i got chu" and then forget all about you -.-
im officially blinded Joel xDD itz too much xD but OMG !! LUV IT (:
RT Driving to Bristol. ETA 7:32 PM using Waze - Drive Social
do you need another intern? It sounds like a fun job (well, tonight, at least).
who is the last winner???
People in modern life live as if they were ghosts, haunting the lives of their failure.
doesn't work for incredible 2 :(
My mom is going be here in like 8 hour!!
#packers my thoughts exactly. RT : THIS is a 15-1 team?
I have an ok stylus.. which one is your fave?
I do not like Gerber- which is a requirement to vote for your kid. Sorry I am ineligible. Let me know if your kid is in an Oreos contest.
Haha Tell'em why you mad son!!!
how you do that? My box tv don't cut it.
a Mexican roll and fish tacos. Both delicious!
Happy Fathers Day to the many daddies. I hope you have a relaxing and enjoyable day.
Math final
Lunchtime! Today with right now at Hilltop Cafe.
If I die tomorrow ill hug my mom for the last time. <3
plenty time to learn the double flick.
Wall street run the world.
Ok cool,DM a contact for you so we can move forward.
To the endzone with the #Dagger 84 yards and there is your
blah blah blah.
M&A Tip for Today~Ma sure to start the process of getting loan approval with your bank before you actually begin the due diligence process
Or... an alien sucker race which has taken over some of our finest heads.
Ah LOVING time at home with the family...it has been too long!
if i had a dollar for every brain i don't have, i'd have one dollar.
SHOUTOUTZ AND FOLLOW
The ending of #GG omg......and the next season is the final one, shit!
mind your own fucking business.
Question to think about as we close out 2011: "Are you sowing your time to just make your job prosperous and not yourself?"
Taking down a few dabs of some seriously potent Co2 Sour D wax. Super dank, great quality wax. Super Irie!!!
Had a great time at the #indyindians game - Reese's first. Also good to run into
I just wanna be with you.
coffee, that's a new one, how long does it last?
It has been shared, I hope to help you achieve your goal!!
After the Giants passed up J. Martin & Glenn for a RB, I can't help but remember how our o-line almost got Eli killed in San Fran
I want to grow up to be generous and big-hearted, the way that people have been with me
Stoked for some Saints Kids today !
haha check out our Facebook page and see what others have done
I'll eat ur scrambled eggs LoL AND I won't even cuss at u :D
B4 I went to college I wanted to be a Q Then I met the Alpha's & it was all about the Black/Gold shouts to my APhiA friends. expect Lavar ha
I'm a feminist at times but its cool
when son had knee surgery - he got a twitter account so he could ask me for meds:) that is my parenting- very 21st century:)
Personally, I think moving is rather fun. Four countries, two US coasts, and counting. ;-)
Follow Lil Twist , (:
Did that really happen?
Am I that obvious?
Tell me about it.
the house you are by is on Franklin place just off of Hamilton. I love when I run into that sign
#JustRememberThat I will always love you <3
Anchoring vs zone is great, but anchoring in transition is as or more effective. Bigs must seek out defenders and engage them physically
Leaving At 12 ^-^ Surgery At 2 .-.
Did you know: After lawn watering, car washing is the 2nd largest demand for water in spring & summer. Visit us so it is treated correctly!
Thunder. Our office shakes when there's thunder. Chicken coop moments.
Alright that's it, me and are taking our boy band on the road. Thanks for the idea
out here they lock gas station bathrooms to prevent crimes like robberies and rape. Also it keeps junkies and crackheads out.
ya right. bust your head open stage diving and my ass will be there with a first aid kit, HAHAH.
yay for coming back to philly in june =) !
Good share.
where do I find the product key on my electronic copy of viveza 1.0? need for upgrade ;)
seems crazy when I can get minor league baseball from st Joe and even the tbones but can't get sporting.
Thanks for coming to see #PSTinLA at the today! It was good to meet you.
Today 1955: Milwaukee's NBA team, the Hawks relocate to St. Louis because of financial woes. The team moved to Atlanta in 1968.
"Sock Monkeys: Great Toy For Your Child, or THE GREATEST Toy For Your Child?"
yayyy! Congrats my love! Ur awesome!!
Thanks for following! Check out Kezar Gardens could use some worms!
Don't we all? #SocialMedia sucks our lives down the tube, but it's fun!
For is for blokes, PEPSI's for folks!
you may be gone but you're never over
Just finished watching the Series finale of "Luther" on BBC America. Fantastic!!! Idris Elba is the Man!!!
At my 1st game. Go & Couturier!
Let the phone ring 6 times so you wont seem desperate ")
Work flow
good morning twitter peeps! Off to work. Relantionship status: Single to Boo'd up.
#FF for being awesome and creating some pretty rad hot dog art
Yeah, I gotta put that on my resume. "Klout says I'm big on unicorns. If that's true, imagine what I can do for you!"
You can't say no to an innocent squirrel! :D
If you are a Dreamer you must tolerate seasons of waiting. Expect your seed of Patience to produce a Harvest.
RT : So according to some "log your sex" app, the Cool Springs area gets dirty the most!
Thank you to our recent followers - we're excited you have clicked the button & now our thoughts are streaming to your phones & computers!
That's so raven
when I give people good advice and they don't take it<<<<
dude are you getting my texts?! Lol
Great! Gotta get back to work. Twitter is so fascinating, and distracting... ciao.
bahahaha i don't want none of her diseases.
saayyyy guuurrl, mine are big on me!
Bad Flirt : If u were a Potato u were a good potato hahahaa :)
I'm with the Admissions office and can definitely help. Private message me with your question(s).
BTW, thank you so much for these tweets. I enjoy them enormously. Keeps me thinking about graduate education issues.
I'll put FB back on after Saturday
#relationshipsare not suppose to be so serious at our age. It's like people are married these days before the ring is on
#LiesToldOnTwitter. RT : I wish I was balling like Vaughn
dumb ass bitches
Hey a lil birdie told us u need alternatives 2 4 drinks Thurs. Sullivans in South End is the best look 4 Thursdays
The best cure for the body is a quiet mind.
Because TETRIS could really happen? RT“: FIFA soccer could possibly be the most unrealistic game in the history of any games”
Driving a dignitary in the parade today! oh boy...here we go! :)
Morning Meme: Madonna Wants Another Kiss From Britney, Ryan Gosling May Not Have Been Heroic, and Enver Gjokaj ...
I miss u too!!! Was wondering where u were hiding lol. Should get 2gether for a drink soon!
Yes! Lovely so far!
Good Q. You can enter a recipe to be considered to run in the paper (blog would be mentioned) but you couldn't win.
smh ! June 1st . *puts hands on my face* Omg , see if we come yall are gonna be working on juries n stuff tho
If you don't mind a salary of $0, you can hang out with me :D
donde estara; y i miss talking to the both of you <3
Thank you for the RT!
I LOVE LAUGHING AT MY OWN JOKES!!!!!! HA HA HA!!!!
If I dress like a douche, roll with douches and do douchey things like cocking my hat to the side but I am not a douche, am I a doucheposer?
whats going on looking for songwriters
T4: I think that CNIOs will have an even stronger voice on quality than CMIOs due to the numbers of RNs vs the numbers of MDs
...and what the fuck is "Art Chicago"
I'm already exhausted, so it's not looking good for me.
Meeting with ocean magazine on friday, looking forward to it, network... Network.. network
only you.. Lol
very cool. You still singing?
that Ravens ending. Heartbreak!!! Y'all still have amazing colors though.
Secretly HATES ME! Cuz He Never sees my tweets or talks to me:( And probably wont reply to my fan mail:(
Burna9skills needs to push the envelope lyrically lmao
meet us in Vegas Feb 3-5 for the Nevada caucus!
Brain Floss: A $250,000 mechanical mouth used by dental researchers can duplicate a year’s worth of chewing in 24 hrs! It is used for tests.
[NEW on PEnews] The one and only is back from vacation! Check out her latest Posts!
sorry i unfollowed. Some app i was using screwed my twitter up (:
anybody else's #LinkedIn not working?
sick of Betty white. She isn't funny and old. Stop it Hollywood
Posting free online fundraising auctions at idonateocharity.org
It's actually pretty old school, from the middle ages.
RT : The weather is kind of perfect to stay mixing and editing all day
Here's my year-end list: is the best twitterer.
Help clarify. Did this air?
that is funny!
So tired, stayed up late last night and now I regret it
so do we have to guess the phrase??
I love when random bands start to follow me.The I get super excited when the tweet back like does!
<U+2665> YOU ARE PERFECT
...true but he will stand up to the plate if asked to...
Building blogs, one of my favorite things... and this time it's actually what I'm SUPPOSED to be doing
RT : Here at The Grove with for a shoot with !! Performances of begin on 5/15!!
Patrick Henry made his famous “Give me liberty or give me death” speech in 1775 as the British Army advanced.
I should probably start my work.
Day is great! Thanks again! I don't have a favorite character, I love them all, but yeah maybe I love Jughead a little more :-)
My roommate's suddenly live-in girlfriend uses far too much garlic when cooking. My eyes are watering...from my bedroom
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory - Josh Billings. Guilty.
EVERYBODY!!!! WATCH SHAKE IT UP! on march 25 it is new and tyra banks is gonna be on it and we luv ZENDAYA AND BELLA!! GO ZSWAGGERS!!
Today in Rock History- 1964 Beatles make history by holding the top five places in the singles charts! Only group to have 3 consecutive
GOP always uses Hussein to scare their dumb followers! Ricketts will pay for his Political stance. Cubs as mediocre as owner!
Jersey Boys matinee on this chilly snowy day.
YOU CAN HEAR SOME OF IT ON ITUNES !!! <U+2665>
I just want a quickie. No bit mark, no scratches, and no hickies. If you can get with that, then come get with me. GBR!
#kodm will now be treated to a Michael Sperberg-McQueen closing keynote. Hurrah!
“: Buying a cat, teaching it how to rap then naming it Wiska Lifa #YOLO” get to it...
Well done Chevy. Gas mileage doesn't really matter after the apocalypse.
Getting some work done at Starbucks...hoping to get enough done that I can warrant some prime tv tonight in the form of Mad Men and GoT
It was a great run,
Who thinks this is super adorable
To everyone who thinks I won't actually get my hair cut, I will. And it will be similar to 's.
its a ok song !
Hey lady. I have meetings in Phx all day Thursday. Are you free sometime in the afternoon to grab a tea and talk ED?
Torn between #TeamChad and #TeamSharon. Can I have 2 votes? ;-)
follow me justin
I love the fact that actually takes the time and responds to some people.. Don't see that too often with celebs/athletes.
play that new nicki Minaj with 2chains be's in da trap
PIER PRESSURE: Navy base gives berth to cruise ship space
Man, that 4th Circuit was busy today, doing everything except health reform.
Lets go Spartans!
Anaren Integrated Radio (AIR) Modules to be Sold Through Online Distribution Resource Digi-Key Corporation
RT : A great dream must go through the cycle of self doubt which leads you to complete dependency upon God.
trying to answer a long series of unanswered emails from last week. urgh
A book worth reading is worth buying. John Ruskin
But, do you want your emergence room doctor to rush your surgery or your accountant to rush your tax return?
haha thanks! Hmm well If you say so, I think I should! :D
finished making updates to Accessibility Camp notes for #a11ybos, #a11ysea, and #a11yldn groups. Will mail out later. (via )
Thanks for checking in via Foursquare! What did you get to eat?
FRESH SOUPS FOR YOU! Seafood Gumbo (crab, shrimp, and clam), Split pea w/ ham, Tomato Bisque, Veggy Beef, Turkey Wild Rice & Curried Carrot!
- low tolerance level for stupidity , foolishness & ignorance .
The Hawks will go down tonight after their horrendous performance in Game 4
yikes. I saw the gluten deal in your profile. I hope the allergies don't slow you down too much.
Ran 6 miles for marathon training. 4x800 in 3:10, and some easy pace. Feeling good so far.
Thing about the Hulk is, he's got this built in McGuffin: a cure. Which he'll never get because then story = over.
Are you starting a new hashtag? Sounds intriguing.
Thanks for the mention on our #ghostfactories project. The Sanborn fire insurance maps are fascinating to explore.
First team to 25 wins this MSU/Louisville game.
yes but in 140 characters or less
I'm going to miss Kurt doing his thing tonight! But break a leg baby!
Just finished reading Zeitoun by Dave Eggers. What an amazing book! Highly recommended.
"I don't talk to my friends about your BRAND because I like your brand...but because I like my FRIENDS" via
Busy, busy week, but a good one. Looking forward to reaching out to a few people regarding work. Happy Weekend everyone!
I'm actually not there, this year am just lurking on Twitter, tho my coworkers will share info. :)
What is up w/nonexistent dating these days? U boyz want the prize w/o the feat of accomplishment...epic fail! #sigh, #boyssuck, #fail,
#MothersDayDedication - To the moms who are HOTTER than their daughters!
Red lobster later with my wonderful dad<U+2764>
"True: Stillness is the soil in which all worthwhile ideas are born."
The hardest part is finding real bits of red panda.
I could see DJ's later mixing with Rihanna's new song " where have you been ".
yes ma'am!
Some people eat all healthy before spring break, then there are others, like me, who don't give a damn and keep eating the same shet!! :)
9 am SESSION: "6 Ways to Increase Effectiveness of Variable Data Printing" presented by Howie Fenton in Room B113
it'll be okay! I'll be praying for a safe recovery. (: <3
Got to! It's imperative! Without it, your existence is fruitless.
nah man
Thanks for the mentions this week:
I think I'm going to PR...that's what you call it when you beat your word count from any other day, right?
This looks good! Once we get our VJ following up - we'd love this!
Love and work and war drive global migration, Marcelo Suarez-Orozco, Immigration Studies said at 's TRPI Immigration conference.
now that u mention it coach k does look just like the blue devil.. and he's my favorite coach
Goodness it's HOT!
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul. ~ Saint Augustine
Not feelin today...
It's more important to find out how our users work than to ask them what they need.
Since they want to unfollow a negro.
I wore orange before it was cool.
We'd do well to listen!;-) “: JohnWillinsky: every Canadian enjoys lecturing Americans abt their own country #mobilityshifts”
Haha i agree! :)) he is awesome! my mom and dad like dont like them but im like whatever your jealous! :) lol
I LOVE US
Thanks love you guys!
please check out homelessdogmusic.com all money will go to death row dogs
which state gets the most teams in the tourney this year? Ohio? KY?
we as fans didn't lose anything we will go to work as if nothing happened those young men are the ones that
I'm ready now! Book me today in your city...
Busy days, but very productive. The best part is that I'm now on vacation :-) Hope you have a good weekend, too!
Excited to present next week at meeting on LEP patients. Going to be good!
Fun! Say hi to Laura for me! RT : Meeting for marketing steering committee! (@ Greater Miami Convention...
"Don't ever live someone else's life, yours is too precious to waste ~ Anonymous
SAVE THE DATE: Prof. Tricia Rose will be speaking during LYB Week about body image and hip hop culture on Oct 25 at 7:30pm in McGuinn 121!!!
Wasted my muh-fuggin time ! That's one thing I can't stand
This twitter life is crazy shit. Everyday it's a race to see who's the most insane...
Fun Celebrating b-day 2nite! #ChaCha Away tonight! We have Grupo Cha-Cha performing LIVE tonight! Be there be square! 730-11pm
Heading to woodruff in ypsilanti for the Juliets' cd release party. Its gonna be a bash! See you there!
and I will become fleeting and erratic so it will happen that every truth which identifies me will eliminate what I symbolize."
unwinding and trying to get something done after #WebCamp2011. Thanks to all the speakers and attendees who made it a huge success!
Jealous! RT : Line for "H and M" goes all the way around Pioneer Place and across the street.
Wise words!
Chris Mann is so awkward, lol.
Happy Mother's Day to and all the other special mothers out there!
I really don't know how my mom does it, raise four kids by herself practically cuz my dads outtatown for work a lot...
What is your inspiration to help you keep your resolutions for 2012?
lucky you I had to wait the whole thing out and yes they do press way too Hard!!!!!
just a little hangout on my patio w/ friends. #nbd Por que you aren't painting the town?
2 chainz looks like somebodies dad that just decided to rap
Will do. Thanks.
swimming in the ocean after midnight, so amazing, this place is awesome.
Another morning show today at TSAC for several school groups visiting NYC!
Back home, went to the store. Also for a short walk.
better than 0%!!!!
Hey y'all I got a haircut!
Thank you SO much! Followed! You're amazing. #StayBeautiful :]
The devil is in the details, and angels are in the sky.
If your models are in need of a personal trainer in LA, I'm offering special rates for the Summer. Please RT
PJ Styles in the house with a rockin' pink tie. Tune in to hear what the fourth judge has to say about American Idol tonight on Fox27
Really bad hair day .-.
RT : Yoga mama=Relaxing mama.
This show should be called 7 sluts and 1 shithead.
will hold a Los Angeles program info session tomorrow, Wednesday 9/8 at 11:00 in Annenberg Room 3! come learn more about the L.A. program!
maybe some other time , I'm busy .
ok, now I feel for He has his hands full with you two! ;) Like your Freudian typo, btw. If it was a typo.
check that email
I recently read an article on the bad effects of heavy drinking, So that's it I'm done.....after today....No more reading
Let the Sunday grading marathon begin.
thanks guys! we gotta build an alliance man! gotta get some of those hestla bands together!
will do
That's great! #runnerds RT : Awesome! My out of town friend will b so happy! This will b is first race in Chicago.
Mike Lynch take away: "If you have any great ideas for working with NASCAR on partnering in Education- call me."
i like quince's :))
This cold is seriously doing with me--my voice is gone and I couldn't go to work, but I won't go down without a fight-#thiscoldwill notwin
Before you pray for the things you want, make sure you appreciate the things you already have.
you take the pain away & I thank you for that
Thanks, and back at ya!
The picture actually had a weathered grunge border from the projector. I felt like I was watching the movie through an instagram lens.
Hi, Wow, you look pretty good.
You felt sorry for me? i don't need your pity.
hey thanks! Might take u up on that offer. :)
lay them then bro.
is the FB page down?
Well that's true ;)
Thanks for #FF !
The activity data is good and there are lots of other integrations. The sleep data is pretty basic and not as robust as wakemate.
WALKIN AT A FUNCTION MUSIC BLASTIN ME: exscuse me *walking* WOMEN:*dancing* say exscuse me little girl ME: I SAID EXSCUSE ME YOUR FAT HIP
hahaha not at all! I always remember blairing it on Z-104 n once ur mom told ur dad to blast it with us in the car haha
Why does everyone care SO MUCH about Jessica Simpson having a baby? She had a hit song 12 years ago.
Normally I LOVE sleeping when it's raining, but because I know that I need to drive in a few hours I just want it to stop. Back to sleep.
I love being me foreal
Secret Service has been watching too much Modern Family apparently.
Whole wheat pasta and fresh basil hopefully makes for a good 21 miler tomorrow.
A little attitude problem? All good, it'll make shit last.
not the first second or third in a series to let us down. Still mad over Superman I and Jaws IV. Yuck!
#hth2012 I like my session. Great presentations!
Truth!! RT : "Women are the most beautiful thing on earth, but they are the hardest thing to understand."
Herbie Hancock - Maiden Voyage - 07:27 PM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
why, because we just ran the mile?
good morning. my brother & his friends just wole me up cause theyre making food in the kitchen. i wanna kill him
Nice to know hahahaha
Thanks for another great day Hyde Park. See you next week!
No idea.. she kept meowing @ the top mainly because she hated the wind if it wasn't windy, she was fine lol
Please check out our new website. If you go from a mobile device it will direct you to the mobile site. To see the full site go from a pc.
Really? I thought for sure I wouldn't.....guess it's just me....I am a caveman.
made some kick ass okanomiyaki to accompany 's takoyaki. japanamazing!
LOVE their appearance in Avengers #167! Great art by and Pablo Marcos!
No #fundraising idea is a bad idea ! The more creative the better!
Supporting managers should be 2nd nature. Question employees who try to g around them.
Summer sale this weekend!
Thanks for the RTs! Maybe next time we can get Michelle to check out City Farm ;)
Yesterday I fixed my ipod, today a wheelchair, tomorrow the world.
sure can we Skype at 12pm PST? I have a Christmas party at 3pm PST
Stephanie and I are line at Carol and Johns for comic book day...some interesting ppl in line with us lol
back on twitterr
30 minutes is all you need to boost your Salon sales! Email us OR call us: 855-DRWIGGY. P.S.- it's free and we come to you!
same . Still singing and dancing .
Yay Finally Got My Track Shoes These Are The Little Things In My Life That Make Me So Happy:)
Called my French teacher dumb, got sent to the passroom, after school detention, and ISS tomorrow -__- goshh! She's a witch -_-
You are beauty without my beutifulness:P
Okay stop being creeps on twitter, and come chat and call me and boys live on ZenLive.tv - I get off on you.
goodluck tonight with ! :D
Thank you Ronae! We #Love receiving and #Giving #Hope! Thank you for #ShineYourDivine with us!
Had an Amazing #workout this morning - can't wait for #Dance tonight!!! WHOOOHOOOO
#FlirtFriday #Follow sweetneSs
CAI's CEO forum say top 2 things for managers to get a job is eagerness to learn & understanding the in/outs of associations.
Oh boy": Woodson said toney douglas will play tonight, backing up bibby some."
I always have to look up how to create my own loops RT : "Wordpress Themes for Beginners" for #eduiconf. Questions?
you and Starks are related???
in such a great mood it's
RT General Ali Fazli,commander of th Rev.Guards in Tehran, arrested fr refusing to carry Khnei's order t use force agst dem
God loved the birds and invented trees. Man loved the birds and invented cages. Jacques Deval
I figured they'd torture Luongo. Makes me sick knowing we're out.
they left without me.
Takes some bi i35 blooms to satisfy a bungle bee!
what'd you eat? Lol
Any pretty ladies Going to SUPPER Club Call Dale to get in Free 4403170622
Looking forward to going north later this week. I miss Columbus.
Thanks for the fashion feedback.
I think you would have been lost in the movie if you had not already read the book for background.
Current word count: 1610. Today's goal: 2410.
Sent! RT : Need Your Contact Info, DM Us! :)
Lmao! I wish we had Jamaica money! RT : lol at your fans thinking this is for ABG. Bitch you ballin!!!
That's a long ass time
Sorry I'm not perfect, but at least I'm not fake.
Coming home to Baltimore, where we harbor our dreams. Portland may have mountains but we have city neighbors.
If ya still wanna chill hit me up work didn't need me!
pursue intercultural friendship. This is also the essential purpose behing the Commonwealth, European, PanAmerican and Asian Games. (cont)
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE KING .. R.I.P MJ /:
damn smh, you were at the one in frisco rite?
The Brass-A-Holics are taking the stage right now at the Musicians for Obama Fundraiser...we ready to GET IT IN!!!
I truely dont get guys in hello kitty shirts...
tks for RT - countdown is on!
Great coffee today at with my lady. Sorry I missed ya !
yay! I expect all the details when you're back in the city!
did you thonk of going to Naturopathic dietician. Sometimes food sensitivities can make pain and inflammation worse
New poster coming tonight.....
Stand up. Move forward. Change the world (or at least YOUR world)! Have a great day everyone!
in everything you see the necessity of effect.
who?? David wants to get the GOOSE and usher together when he's in town and go to Dooks!
That's an excellent point.
He,lo. Myw peosple how Re you doing this very fine euzg I trying so
Imagine a world where businesses would know what they are doing. Things would colapse
Nick Backstrom! Oh missed the perfect chance!
Aw! Which singer?
Dear students. Late night trip to ER means paper comments delayed. Don't worry, am alive and well.
Aww, thank you :)
Kids laugh roughly 600 times a day. Adults about 15. Come on. Lighten up! Have Fun
Whoa, last night was awesome! First time I saw in two years. I love them... And missed them... :D
haha thanks, never Thought of that one genius..
text me and ill tell u
These are some words, typed in this box.
I want a cheeseburger anyone down <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+009F>
yes!! Absolutely! They are right up your alley :) also-- you were fantastic on the panel yesterday
No problem
Can't wait for this!
That nigga aint even have the ball
its not all about the money....I donate to charity
In the mere three months since Colt has been using HubSpot and inbound marketing, the company has experienced the following:
Spicy chocolate is one of my favorite things.
Just did a spot with for some fashion with Hillcrest Ski and Sports.
Hit the road this summer!!-Book your free USA tour before March 25th and bring your best for FREE! Summer Madness! #vacation USA
Find the perfect Mother’s Day gift - Keurig is doing live demonstrations Friday - Saturday! See how easy it is to brew the perfect cup!
Nice to see you on Twitter. It was in your theater that my love of the arts were born way, way back!
I simply commented on what every guy say! She ain't have to say SHIT to me!.
yo we need to go hang out one of these days.
All wars should be fought through sport.
Happy birthday !
North Town Bound Niggah'
Both my girls keep trying to talk with english accents... I think we are watching too much peppa pig! Nah!
EVERYONE ELSE IN THE ROOM CAN SEE IT. EVERYONE ELSE BUT YOU
Enich's show was the greatest sports talk show in KC history. Fully back a return! Love, a sports gambler.
what would happen if everyone turned off their T.V.? your own view would be better, and diferences would disappear. TRY IT!
#imagine Harry leans forward to kiss you. You avoid him by looking away.Then he holds your chin softly he whispers"Stop being hard to get"
I told you last night!
We're drunk.
I want a new phone.
I can do you one better. How about craving Hawaii?!? :-)
it's funny, everyone laughed at that line -- which surprised me. I mean it!
NHL draft today and its a friday. What a great day
Thank for sharing with me the line-up for #BPfilmfest schedule. I'll be @ my all-time fave 'Roman Holiday' on 7/16!
#Q3 - Impact of bridging on-site and online museum experiences. #Q4 - free range discussion.
no problem. looking forward to the email
There's a difference between Thick an Fat. Your not Thick if your Thick in the thighs an your stomach looks like fruit roll ups your FAT!
When you're in the Rave and Taken by One Direction comes on...
Prom this friday!! Woot!
CNN is in HYSTERICAL PANIC mode, by the potential J.WRIGHT issue. Like they don't GO BACK 50 YEARS to GET ROMNEY !
5 times I've seen it, and it just gets better and better! <3
Finally caught up on Gossip Girl!!
. is also great RT : Who are your go-to tweeters for museum news? wants to know!
Ditto! Load the app & hit the road! :)
Please follow us so I can reply to you
haha I have one!
Bass stresses the importance of thinking about audience and user experience when creating digital humanities projects.
That sure is exciting, Amy! When will you be in San Fran?
the plus side to my mom going to Germany. the chocolate she brings bad #ivenevertastedchocoloatesogood <3
"Three Kings"
hahah, we're getting our car checked in camping and the staff must be messing with us...but you never know
Good idea! RT : want to improve beercon? Do one in or near KY :-)
Thank you for the mention!
"Never settle for being someone's "other" when you know you have the potential to be someone's "only""
then maybe i will we already have plans so you gotta let me know if youse are in please explain to him
I'm gonna be single forever -___- Lol
Followed :D
Ima name this rainy day KRISTAL
..LMAO when did you start keeping a bucket list??..Hope you having fun and tip the strippers well...
that's good, how was it? did you fall a lot... haha
#OWS DON'T THINK FOR A MOMENT YOU SPEAK FOR THE YOUNG AMERICA'S.. YOU DON'T WE DO!
My Face Iz Lyke Diz Right Now :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D :-D I Cant Stop Smiling
. Dont think that his assoc w/ guy convicted of defrauding nfl wasnt taken into account
"The planters raise their fingers, make their bids. They are apparently all eager to possess Jones."- EMPEROR JONES
Thanks for the props!
Happy Derby Day, too. And enjoy the Mayor's Field Day... and the art/craft festival at Centennial Park. Lots going on in Nashville today.
ahaha salty a** tweets thats a good one
Me too. Good luck in the ALA/YALSA election - I voted for you proudly!
poor baby :( you're just picking stupid cunts
love my #droid! Lots of #awesome apps like !
May you walk in the way of good men, and keep to the path of the [consistently] righteous with God. NspiredBy Proverbs 2:20 AMP
The original MYTH, not the Shaw version :)
That's why nothing was said to me today
awweee soo cutee! we are gonna have the cutest outlets and light switches at Flagler!
me too.
If told you to eat dirt would you? Hes better as a blocker and music critic than he is at rating TV shows!
TT! are you awake already?! I heard you bartended last night bc of craziness.
It's pontification like this that will end world hunger.
What a nice guy you are Eugene!
#Poverty figures for 2010, while horrible, "would have been much higher without federally funded safety net programs" says US Census Bureau.
Doing history online privileges inquiry over certainty. Amanda Sikarskie
just came from #santarita. This I'd most recent info as of 5 minutes ago
miss you too boo!!
#RT If is your Hero. We all want him to see that we're so proud of him & that we always support #ISF & himself.
My sight in my right eye is just getting worse faster and faster. Too bad surgery costs a fortune. Nice knowing you, depth perception. :(
Full moon in Libra and sun in Aries. Everything is as it should be.
Thanks for following us! Let us know what you think of our new music!!
message me!
lets see it!! LoL
(Also) Today in Literary History: English essayist Charles Lamb ("Essays of Elia") was born in London in 1834.
Does he have a pulse? Does your audience have a brain?
: No so I wld advise evrbody 2 keep it the fuc cute!Lmco(cockoff) :Did Roman take his medication today? She is s ...
Amen to that
Please do not cause yourself a heart attack with the unlimited supply of STEAK before you :)
Thank Joshua! your training infor about the fast cash rocks go see Joshua's blog page! I made 90cent
I have plans for the long weekend.
#WeLoveNiall because of his crazy food obsession.
When your coach says "no speedos" and you show up wearing a TYR brief instead and then get kicked out
Play your game!
OK. Going to order them online soon.
oh hello. guess who changed their twitter name?
wait lol I can't fight my sleep goodnight (:
joke all u want, this is not the time to mock the bulls.
Under the arm to be protected,and next to the heart to be loved......
I am SO ready to get out of my apt and move in with some roommates...2 months....and they had better smoke weed(;
Deal time. Bettman, Jamison and city meeting all day.
did you get some Vitamin B yet?
What is happening right now? lol
For me character is key. If I truly know who these people R & why they R in each other's lives, I can't write any story 4 them
who & what about John Sykes? I Love that man!
Is it possible? Is I'm enjoyin work??? (<----leave my grammer lone)....first tyme 4 everythin rite?
really nice cover story -- great read!
Geek trivia tonight at 8. Rock Paper Scissors Thurs at 6pm! Giddy up.
CONGRATS! :D
join us.... join us
I'm not quibbling about the meaning of a word. I'm pointing out that you don't mind gov't spending on things you agree with
sorry little late but nm lol
yeah I am doing the scalpel-less one. Glad yoibhad a good experience. I am not scared ...yet lol
RT : Another gr8 day for working at fdn booth by pig races 3-9. Stop to visit me if yr here 2day.
What a b-b-b-beautiful day in Las Vegas!!
no, I have a sick addiction to social sites. I get nothing done but it's ok.
Party, Anniversary, Birthday? Whatever your event, guarantee happy guests when you have it catered by "The Original Big Tomato" Call now for
My Friend Need to Hurry U and get off wrk So we can Kick it
Great event! Is there a hashtag?
distant memory
we will also ake sure that the sponsor is listed in our CD, and spread to our fans as our exclusive concert t-shirt provider
- 99%er org wants campaign finance reform, close tax loopholes, wall street regulatory reform. #occupyla hardly radical
Angelo wants to know if you got the song in your email? Were you able to listen? So excited and so honored!!!
Ladies Night Out - St. Ignatius College Prep Women's Society Event - TONIGHT! - 6 - 9 PM. Free admission! 1076 Roosevelt Rd. Chicago! Shop!
haha cats are cats anyways! Why worry about its gender? xP
Thanks for comin' in!
I knuh-ow it is. I was in a hurry, and my finger hit the wrong letter awn my iPhone.
A little rain. Then the freshness of the morning air. Noon. All hell breaks loose. Who's got the key to the weather
you are Tom. :)
I was just told that I look like a Barbie doll today!!!! 10" tall, plastic and totally disproportionate features...?
congrats! only one more to go!
OKAY OKAY (: heheheh sounds like a plan =p
LOVED that show.... have fun!
Tomorrow Stephen Santa Cruz & cast go to participate on a show for PBS.
just prayed for South Sudan leaders. Thanks Carl for all you do.
ya feel me i need my new tee the LV one kay :D
Sometimes I wish it were all a dream!
ah im bored!!!!
The Buckeyes return its entire starting five for the 2009-10 season and a total of 12 letterwinners.
The answer is "it depends on who your audience is".
AHA! thanks so much. made worlds of difference!
CarnivalWorks costume fun
Elite Squad:The Enemy Within might have the worst title in the world but, wow, what an awesome movie. Check it out on netflix.
Wine is fine, but whisky's quicker.
Guy really is just a winner. Fun to watch...until next week when they play the Pats :)
I also love the blown-up detail in the shop and conservation "studio."
in a cab now. Was deep in bedstuy where cabs don't wanna take u to manhattan.
DailyHookahTip#119: Check out if you're planning to smoke hookah on a beach. It allows you to use a plastic base of choice.
I really wish June 10th would hurry up and get here...these True Blood previews are killing me!
plug ins called Speed, Pitch N Time
First Amendment rights
I <3 Chicago: At the Music Box for a free screening of The Birds w/ a discussion featuring Tippi Hedren.
Playing with my phone while laying in bed always keeps me up past my bedtime...
Thank you!
sorry dude..you aint gonna find sympathy here. cold world!
good pt sir, but it seems that Carl has his lock on that 25%
Got gift cards 4 my B-Day 2 which I'm gonna put 2 good use later :)
Who daughter want some head just bc... I'm feeling nice today
Can't stop singing southern state of mind... Hm. Wonder why???
Yea so it's final I am going to go to the new school. Empire can wait until I have my BFA.
ewww its supposed to here for the next 3 days :(
Have you tried the Hors D’Oeuvres? They are delicious! A BIG thanks to !
it was a joke so it's ok doncha know?
Woke up celebrating Friday til those NBC people said Good Morning it's Thursday, May 12. Yay.
Browsing the OED for a suitable keyterm to stick in my conclusion. There are so many "con-" words we should start using again!
today definitely has to be one of the best days I've had in a long time (:
i changed my name agin
Today is Piss Peyton Off day.
Happy International Women's Day!!!!
Great way to end vacation-spending the day with and my mom.
Changing from Erin Swan, to the Black Swan tonight :)
would you do my sis in law a solid & say Happy BDay to The fam are huge fans of Ben F
im down for whenever..
Invite your friends to like our page and they too can be the first to hear about upcoming concerts!
I get that. I don't necessarily agree with that but it's basically the media taking down one player at a time. Who's next?
he told me to step in to a dark room full of white snow, I respectively declined and ran to my car lol jk convo was prettyawkward
thanks man!
Ordered my Trek Sawyer today ! My first bike purchase that wasn't pre-owned.
Sweating, literally.
Thanks bby, you're the best.
The whole staff of Joanne just sang happy birthday to me and natali looked at me! Omg I was noticed!
't the deadline yesterday?
We are prepping for our Beyond Blogging: A WordPress Website Workshop.
Hope it was good again. -BF
Kowba slide: Bottom line: Insolvency CAN be avoided w prudent multiyear budget reductions
Went to a tapas bar...and heard "Bohemian Rhapsody" performed by a mariachi band.
just found your blog online, good stuff! We are looking for an executive producer/co-host in Orlando for a web food series:)
Annual milwaukee depression. Aka september-march.
Thanks for following me :)
Fish hut #yummy <U+263A>
You've gotta love a Christmas day of all basketball
...and how culture of assessment will require us to prove our value and be needed for new scholarship.
Congrats to a friend of Rawhide Ranch, Easton Corbin on your American Counrty Awards
like twice a year I would say I only do it on special occasion I got a pill here since 4 months ago he might of seen it
Thanks for the heads-up – we'll look into it!
Quote from behind closed doors: "Our industries do something that no one else can do. We create content that people want."
You have haters? You're so nice that it doesn't even seem possible, but there's nowt as queer as folks, as they say.
Orlando is October, Phoenix is November... RT : when do the Pheonix and Orlando's drop?
I was not going to say anything... but I was wondering... well if u find two & it's not gonna cost me my first born let me know
set warp drive to awesome! I love that..where did you get that?
Skipped track to go to review, learned nothing..
Does anyone know anyone ? We are looking to buy a new Tacoma.
I'm going to have to cut my plot because there isn't enough labor to hang and focus. That's what I get for being done early.
“: Go the extra mile. It's never crowded. ~Author Unknown”
r they following both of us?? LOL Where is Tiffany's or all those other ones we love!!
Last lesson with Mildred today D; D; D;
god morning Trisha! Have a great day ;)
You are doing the MOST!
I wanted too stop in for a little, but we're falling asleep over here, missing you, , and
Thank you so much for the #FF shout out!
sweaty palms... This is intense!!!
Taking pictures with an expensive camera doesn't make u a photographer. That's like buying expensive pots and pans and saying you're a chef.
It is, in the sense that was joking about it, so I designed and printed it up.
Haha started tearing up when I put on Shania<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I wanna get my nipples done this weekend and I need to go in there blowed so I can be calm ... Know how I am with needles
Insist on yourself. Never imitate. Ralph Waldo Emerson
Had a dream about last night, oh yeah, he so wants to see me(;
San Diego Union Trib Night & Day Section has photos of our recent event. Thanks to everyone who attended!
So much going on, I've almost forgotten to talk about it! Can't wait to show you this new #songforyou video!
From our recent Alternative View, but it bears repeating: "If you don<U+201F>t want to read it – don't do it and don't say it."
Hey hey :)! Hope you had a wonderful NY :)!
caught by the fuzz by supergrass, well not yet for me
over 6,000 syrians have been killed by the assad regime in 11 months , cf. ows?! this is narcissism
RT : OW! When walking your pet, remember: paw pads are sensitive & can be burned walking on hot pavement. Grass is better!
"Wow, my father the astronaut! I feel so.... what's the opposite of shame?"- Bart
me, my pappy, and his lemonade!
omg you just got it today??!! I sent that a loooonnnng time ago! Like over a month ago! Glad you got it!
New Year New me....
Happy hour!!!
HE DID. TROLOLOLOLO
Server is up, sample list is playing. You ready for this #internetradio to take off? We are! Stay tuned for more info
intuition was amazing to!!!!! :D
And a special shoutout to my good friend and constituent - he will be a thoughtful voice for Waunakee. Well done, Tim!
Reading chapters 9&10 in The Giver for homework. This book is messed upp! Lol
Really tired. Better go to bed soon....
Hey RadioWaves!!! Come support the guys of Friday (7/29,6:30pm) at The UltraLuxe Cinema Garden Walk in Anaheim.
Every shooting star reminds me when hollywood lost the brightest.
are you comfortable?
Glad to hear the bike rack worked out for you. Let us know if you have any questions - we're here to help!
why its bout o rain'?
I just discovered and I can't wait to try the recipe of the week. I'm thrilled that it is free of all of DD's food allergens.
I got homework too! Sigh....
Short hair, do care.
the dog on strawberry hill..
Support Tierra Latte share her music page today
Coding a qualitative textual analysis today at an artist's residency. I think the muses will come to my cabin and bludgeon me with lyres.
U have had 3000 followers. U have also had 2000 unfollows
rumors #SUCK !! don't believe them!
Back in the ville!!! With cruising town
Save the date! Our annual crab feast scheduled for August 25. No hurricanes please.
I'm going to be on Long St. about a half mile from your library, so you'll be my new friendly neighborhood librarian :-p
Went to uno pizza place last night, crappy place to eat
: My best friend is the one who will always walk by my side, make me laugh, hear my stupid problems and still give me an advice.
Hot and hazy on the island...
Oh hey, we have holdin' it down. RT : Shout out to at luncheon
Stoked to hang with Gloriana this week at the Country Radio Seminar. Nashville bound!
Wearable Computing is near: We each received a wrist band when we checked into a time share vacation rental. It allows acess without keys.
wow Lmao you are seriously disturbed..Im picking up my daughter she's in kinder. So about that hug may have to revoke...lol
I love that book. bought it the day it was published and on the coffee table since.
god is dead
Wonderful blog, Paula. Thnx for sharing. She's a better blogger than me!
yes it is great game
Thank you David!! Happy day to you!!
Sex reassignment surgery should be 100% covered by all insurance companies/that single payer universal healthcare our country should have.
2 sets of speakers playing iTunes via Airplay pause when I call my mom on Facetime. Apple is all about nuclear family level network effects.
Looking for antiques and vintage pieces for cheap? Check out DC Van Lines Moving large warehouse full of amazing stuff. Persian rug, $45!!
Do what you want, I can't let someone I care for get used again.
real talk
Better view than the Voodoo Lounge (Rio) rooftop bar or Mix at Mandalay?
ikr! And this drama was very serious... Well change of topic whatchadoin?
PLEASE CHECK OUT MY SONG AND VIDEO!!!!! BECOME A FAN, LIKE IT, AND POST IT ON YOUR PAGE FOR ME :))))))
Oh Wow. Oh Wow. Oh Wow. I hope when I go, I'm still marveling at all the good in my life.
I see dance being used as communication between body nd soul, to express what is too deep to find for words <3
**Random Fact** Getting "Head" With <ICE> or a <Cough Drop> Is *Soothing*
Break out Gusgus!! ESCAPE!!!
Just woke up with a huge burst of creativity. Fuck!!
Sony Ericsson Phone New | Sony and Toshiba Products
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
Check out today's blog post from regarding episode on
"We're losing speed! Throw more babies on the fire!"
That's great!! Good luck!!!
I seriously loved today! !
#nisoEbook Barblan: ISTC to find related works of same content. One country can have multiple registration agencies.
Happy Mom's Day to all you mothers...I hope you golfed, rode your Harley and drank wine like my Mom did. Love you
Library Tour this morning with International Scholars. Always fun to meet these folks.
is fucking boss! He really never disappoints! #MuchRespect Keep making awesome music!!
yeah we do - just saw this sorry fam! send it over ~
I LOVED that book!!
#devilsin7 Let's Go Devils...
RT : Like hops? Live in Sacramento (or within driving distance)? If yes on both, get to SacBrew ASAP for Peter's new IPA ...
Mgr/Utility Jon Durham to undergo MRI this morning, A's personnel will evaluate before deciding his status for his retirement game.
Oh no, , the honeymoon is over. Out of stock with no idea when you'll get more? On one of my most-ordered items? Where will I go?
What's wrong?!
Damn you
Stuxnet was the very first kinetic weapon deployed over an electronic network. Trippy! (It will not be the last).
sitting at the bar opposite of the front door raisin my hand.
Fine,thank you:).And you?:)
Wondering if i wanna go to school ....
Efficacy is the power to produce an effect toward a desired outcome. It is the highest ROI to your time and effort.
.: We are so excited that you are taking part as a speaker in ,"The Rhône Valley: A River Runs Through It"
stfu. I'll pull your hair. Just like I used to do when we were lil tots.
haha he will never admit how excited he rlly got lol
:( i tried.. she wont leave me alone
RT They giving me 200$ instead of the kindle fire... I told them oh thanks I'm still gonna buy the kindle for my mom
;o o. lmao
newsletter this week has a great blog from about leadership. Great information. It's a must to subscribe to
Being irrationally upset sucks.
ha ha thank you, and Happy Hanukkah to you as well.
Jeremy Lin is kicking it a lot like Cazzie Russell
I am awake! still packing damn it..
This heat will be the death of me. Omfg it's too damn hot nd I can't imagine how hot June gon be. Ugh!
Yea,do u accept
yeah & I'm so happy for you !:) <33
I'm excited for this class, too. Lots to talk about, and these client projects are going to be awesome!
RT : friendly as hoes... THAT'S THAT SHIT I DON'T LIKE.
congrats on all the ratings.
so you can live your life long dream of being Mr Anderson? Yeah. I'm onto you...
any chance the Cowboys get Osi Umenyiora??
liveblogging Devils games on tumblr is one of my favorite things to do.
nevermind. I found you now :)
Loving inventions - China Daily
#2011in3words NO MORE DRAMA
I think it's like the Piano (the movie) -- people either think everything happens or nothing happens. I think the latter.
The Easter Cookie Pop delicious shortbread cookie covered in icing and decorated with colored butter cream with an Easter Egg theme,...
thanks for following
The fundamental truth about human existence is not that it is a tragedy, but that it is a bore.
Ooh! John Cheever, Katharine Hepburn, and Tom Waits. Pass the tuna salad.
you are the #winner! Please follow and dm to claim your tickets to #SnoopDogg TONIGHT at FIrst Council Casino Concho!
Wow...have gone without internet for how long? That's what I get for living in a house with crappy electricity in the Midwest...
Yea :D
Tonight on #FindingBilly, 3 boys are followed as they face the challenges and joys of starring in a Broadway musical. On MPTV 10 at 8pm.
The only way to overcome any kind of fear is actually to step into it.
it will be so easy to manage!!
Took band photos today. oh boy.
RT : BREAKING: Police investigating suspicious package at MARTA Bus Stop in 1600 block of Peachtree Road. cc:
Skylar Diggins played her best ball tonight, but it Brittney Griner and Notre Dame dominated.
could this be a east coast superbowl? I heard they need a punter and your name came up.
Well, how fitting. A win for Mexico on the 5th of May. We're having a party. I wonder if Mario Gutierrez has plans after this...
ROSA<3 HELLO
I Should've Kissed You IS TRENDING.
Raining...great day for bowling or a movie
very handsome cover man! Keep up the good work
champagne and cupcakes anytime!!
Jimmy Johns? They deliver you know...
what is Molly's apartment number?!
Free day at the zoo for Milwaukee Day.
played a doubleheader yesterday, with talks at the Colonial Society of MA & the DAR Boston Tea Party chapter, re "Defiance of the Patriots"
California community colleges prepare to ration their offerings.
Everyday is a beautiful day!
no freaking joke mine got taken away today while its was freaking turned off!!!! It fell outa my jacket pocket Lol :P
impressions of the pack while in GB?
Eating at Bento & Noodles with , , , Natalia, Jackie, and Janira! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B1>
I don't care how unhealthy cake batter is, it's fucking delicious.
ate N.C please.
We are making moves! Join me...
Boy oh boy I'm sleepy but I'm goin to sleep wit a smile on my face :)
he is one he is going to be 2 in may 6
Well since is down looks like I'll have to go back to...pandora. :(
Ohh iight u should text me
Peyton Manning to the.....#Titans?
We From LA man! California!
What instrument do piggys play in a band? Pigcussion!
No, but he was wearing his world series ring and let me touch it. GMoney is the MAN! He was so much fun!
im down!
Mccarthy decides to go onside rarher than kick it deep
thanks for the RT, but really
Not playing the lotto tonight - I'm winning it. LoL
due diligence now..closing planned for June 30
Good Morning :)
That's it everyone! Huge heartfelt THX to all who supported this campaign! We'll announce winners of the 6 BONUS perks tomorrow. G'night!
The further one is removed from the atrocity, the more likely one is to allow it to happen: For discussion today at 1 pm
JP! Even there "practice makes perfect" or at least better... your passion bruns up the obstacles! Keep on keepin' on!
Cool! Screnzy Rebel! :)
All the young dudes
Just discovered the benefits of TeacherTube!
nice pic! Where at?
What happened? JL I happened.
I Aint Gonna Lie I Wanna Smoke Some Weed And Be High Like Mofucker Even Though Im 15 Still idgaf.
So you say you don't like period dramas like #DowntonAbbey? #Geek out and pretend you are looking into a time portal. Feel better now?
My girl just asked me to hide chocolate eggs all over the house. She's 19.
me too cuz
post highlight tape and photos for free recruithighschool.com
Grant deadline is today! It's going to be a busy day at the Arts Council.
2nd Blog Excerpt: Well we made it to day two of my blog, I trust yesterday’s blog provided a little insight into what motivates me the most.
To quote the immortal philosopher MC Chris, right now I'm just chill like a DQ Blizzard
Volume of information is biggest social media problem. Begs for automated management.
All we know is falllliiinnngg.
good work I'll be there 930ish the Den will be in full force
what's your favorite design research strategy?
Oh, you're single and ready to mingle? Can't wait to hear about your one night stands and STDs.
no, for the love of Odin no pictures. Watching childbirth was like that movie The Gate.
attention whores these days!
Hello Guys :D xx
Last season as well :(
I love that adrenaline rush when you send an email that has an attachment that you've been working on for the last three days. I FEEL ALIVE!
Food is my beautiful angel sent to me from heaven.
It's National Teacher Day. A big salute to all of our dedicated teachers and a huge thank you for your contributions to our children.
. good thing i wasn't planning on wearing mine;) can't wait to see how you style it!
Spiked put Red Bottoms for the weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Oh, "bugs" would be OK.
#YesArmy going HARD in the streets.
Did u get the picture yet? I'm paintin u a picture of young.
e how exciting!!!!
oh yeah! Lol
Any thoughts on #Orioles' great start? Pitching has been superb!
In the womb is the only place you can get a goodnights sleep,good food,your safe and hey for baby boys your allway in a woman!.
I lowkey want Chipotle. But it's too far. Lol.
If u wasn't so ugly I'll put my dick in yo face:-D
RT : I don't know if they're done yet, but disappointed not to see TIGER TAIL IN BLUE or OPEN FIVE 2 in the SXSW line-up.
Don't overcrowd the pan when you're saut<U+FFFD>ing <U+FFFD> it'll make your food steam instead.
Thank god they don't have the BTN in Florida so I didn't waste time watching the
got my t-shirt, cd and a signed poster this morning<3 im the happiest person on earth right now<U+2665> #lilcrazednumba1fan:)
maybe more like 94/95...or maybe I was just sheltered from CD players, too!
SUBWAY FOR BREAKFAST. (:
How come strangers can follow me , but ppl I know can't. -___-
Super pumped about Girlie Night at the Drafthouse tonight with
I could be like Pat and steal people's HBO go!
that's awesome!
Add Peanut Butter M & M's to add more protein :)P
FILL IN THE BLANK: The best restaurant in Albuquerque is _____________.
Billy Crystal #FTW!! So glad he's back!
Heading to seek out, identify and secure Easter Eggs with 'Mini Me'! Exciting times! LOL.
long day
I know, right? A gypsy king, no less!
Where them fake thunder fans at?????? Aka undercover laker haters
thanks to everyone who came out last night! great show yo!
My 3yr old told me michael collins flew the spaceship while Neil Armstrong and buzz aldrin walked on the moon... I had to Google it to check
Everyday, it's You I live for!
I don't think you even have to be a mom to feel inferior as a woman looking at that cover.
We lost you today... so sad to see you go... we shall pour out a little lemonade for you... whoever you are...
New to foursquare and hootsuite ...
That sounds super fun - want to DM me your dates?
no thanks.. lmfao.
every time i watch #HBOGirls, i feel compelled to mass text all my clients & ensure them that's not how i watch their kids.
Safe travel to Rochester, tomorrow graduates! Congrats little brother!
oh! Gotcha
Dick #Cheney gets a new heart. I mean Cheney finally gets "a" heart.
I want too!!!
Ancient aliens, another episode to watch.
sent you some info about us, hope you can check it out!
#ItsAmazingHow our bodies work! :O
Women are a beautiful breed!
Need help choosing a vendor, let's us help you today.
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 101
WHY. Just pass him the ball Rajon...Ugh. 5th turnover.
RT Hey Vegas!! Sold out of Cheesesteaks but we still have Italian Ice until 8pm!!!!
laughter makes the world go around
Remember Leap Day is coming up on Wednesday. To celbrate, we've decided to get matching haircuts. Photos to follow!
Now im 100% sure that im going to glasgow (:
My friends in low places.
I should start making rant videos... There are some people in society I can't believe even exist haha
the one from last year? That's what made wonder if she's sick
hi Jacob you are very talented and i love u. im ur #1 fan~Alex (this is my friend and shes 9)
'cause you were wondering: Wil Wheaton and his website are well known online largely because of Fark dot com.
Lalalala don't I sing beautiful?
oh, I totally agree with you. here's to hoping those interviewing for those jobs know how to ask those questions of the Org.
What's knew bro
This is terrible...what happened to our offense. This is the Bengals?!!
time for some new kicks. this pair has been reheated more than thanksgiving leftovers.
sweet... plan something this week for next?
The Civil Wars went hard bro
how are u
RT“: Got the job. Hopefully it goes swell” hahaha white boy Wyatt
Heya! Caught on here that it's your birthday! Sure hope you have a great day! Glad to see things are going great for you, hun!
I wish there was something I could do to help. Hate to hear you feel like that!
Thanks for the mention! Have a great week :)
Getting free drinks in my neighborhood bar is by far my proudest accomplishment.
"Don't taze me, bro!"
I love you too.
agree. Would be a fun chat if she had a sense of humor. Not thinking she did though
wow sounds delish!!!
1,000 followers!!! Yessir-early flight back east after another great Adventure!
if we call it has to be like now! cause me goinnnn outt for a lil bitt tonighhhhhttttt to see some of meh peeepppsss
These are pretty great. I might actually buy some.
I'm going to start going to him from now on so keep your pants on ;p
On the way to the GYM
Kicking off the day with cd designs for blessed lyrics mixtape don't forget April 21st the day for blessed lyrics
That is amazing!
The Sidney Hillman Foundation Announces 2012 Hillman Prizes for Excellence in Reporting in Service of the Common Good
hey guys, i'm not in the fb group...can somebody message me about the second challenge?
And Director of Operations, Leigh Rachel Faith - 1110 AM in a few!!!
RT : "Life is a #fashion show, the World is your runway" ~Marc Jacobs
“: Was that a salsa celebration dance??? GO GIANTS! #SuperBowl” yeah - they're trying to win us over!
The only thing that will make you happy, is being happy with who you are, and not who people think you are. ~ Goldie Hawn
omg Dev just a random note but my hair is not havin it today... Grr... Lol
Very productive week. I love how we don't go too over the top on special holidays. If you enjoyed RC3 on Easter, you'll love it every week
You're a fine toilet, I am just an extraordinary piece of crap!
Now. I honestly think Fire Pro Class is a horrible class for me!
i love it when i can find all the answers to my algebra homework in the back of the book.
lol. I started early today.
probably one of the best worst things you'll ever see in your life!
To G Class or not G Class that is the question...
Night twitter
I use photoshop for all my photo work. I know it's expensive but it's well worth it, esp if you get whole creative suite.
i love you so much!! Stay sweet and amazing Colton!!! <3 :)))
Thanks to Allen Buglione & Kyle McMillin for last minute support @ Morgans Tavern.
I'm wanted, dead or alive
lol. Hi Ariel :D
Not a fan of Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf coming to DC, but they're offering $17/hr with healthcare and dental.
so glad you were a part of it, thank you!
Usually I can see Chicago northern skyline from my train station. Today's rain and clouds means the whole city only seems to be 3 stories
In San Antonio!!!!(:
You where so little then Cody -smiles and wishes i could see you-
no idea yet, but we need to set something up, that way you can buy me a beer.
Two laps up Mt. Tabor and my legs are wasted. My #bicycle misses me.
If you gotta jump up and down to put on your jeans..
ONLY ONE! Really bad planning.
There's a #Oneinamillion chance anyone will become famous. [×_×]
- We had a great time sponsoring the Massey on the River event. Thanks for all you do for Richmond and beyond!
toy drive dec 22 at the Miami Jewish home in miami come out and be apart of some thing big even if you dont have a toy ur time is good.
yes! I was looking fwd to this box and it was nothing special
Trust can only be earned not taken.
Wicked Carnival is officially on Twitter!
Wow. just killed it at the #danlor wedding. Speech brought tears.
...like really? What are you thinking?
Yizzo! I been chilly my nigg...gotta link up wit yall soon!
I hope this week goes by fast<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
we can hang out all day but i cant spend the night?? Wtf??? Really!?
I love u more than words could ever say! Ur the greatest!!
Excited to learn more about Google Places at #smbmad. How do you use Google Places?
When I wrote that tweet, Sharpton had another "Zachary Carter" on. Hence, joke.
Im so confused...dnt know what to do
Dream, Believe, Achieve.
maybe I should start drafting it up soon then!
Six hours to get ready? Damn.
While the leaf collection take place, have your people collect/remove those CLARK campaign signs that are in each and every ward!
Met the cutest guy today with ! <3
Ever heard someone say, "The Lord knows my heart..." Yeah, well.. OK -> NspiredBy Proverbs 21: 2
You're just going to Oakland? Then there's no way to take it back. Unless I've missed something.
Fully awake now, time to go for an easy 10 mile run. Anyone want to tag along? Beautiful outside
i wanna swim away, but don't know how. Sometimes it feels just like i'm falling in the ocean.
16 full days of school left
#lgoptimus new phone works great. still love ye 'ol scrobbler. #android + = not currently working well together
The worst way to wake up for school: freezing cold super tired and a sore throat.. Like really...
once Perla cuts your hair you are ruined for life. She is the best.
School starts in two days .... Fun i guess
#OKC Fans go hard!
The pattering rain at 4:00am is both a lonely and lovely sound. It makes me yearn for sleep and waking.
omg I know! I was like omg omg omg he's soo hot
I've been so terribly absent on twitter and my blog. That's about to change.
Good job Barnes, this dude keep losing the ball
RT that's ordinary for me.. :: I wish it were ordinary for most people! good to know it's ordinary for you!
Parents got me Lollapalooza tickets for graduation!!! Freaking out!
Be a good listener. Your ears will never get you in trouble.
Me too, that 's why I'm stuck cheering for an underperforming team.
Frustrated...stressed....mad....and got the worst headache ever
BYU does not play around, friend of mine and her bf were kicked of BYU because she was in his dorm, only given 24hrs to leave and go home.
"Most elephants weigh less than the tongue of a blue whale."
Met while him and the team was out LOL
I'm so sick of seeing my sisters daddy on maury lol too funny!
im so thankful tomorrow is friday because im so ready for the weeken(:
Looks like this oil spill is creating some "Black Swans"
Just posted part 2 of my story! 3+ LIKES AND 1 COMMENT FOR ME TO WRITE PART 3! I KNOW I'M NOT A VERY GOOD WRITER BY THE WAY! ~ASHLEY
WRONG. Hes raw. Davis need to touch up that eye brow lol.
Remember who the enemy is. This isn't an election that you can afford to sit out, or make some sort of protest vote.
#UnionRags up close early and was indeed a man amongst boys today at
International Forecaster April 2012 (#6) - Gold, Silver, Economy + More
If it's more than five feet away... it becomes unnecessary .
I am all for the Let Charlie get ten society. I specifically like the part about meeting in secret locations.
Omg!!! Twitter wht is up wit yu???
So.....I think I just sleptwalked for the first time.
U also had 4 Ubi rt B4 he took off RT : Our latest partner for = Bubba Watson. Launched less than month ago!
Stay high
lmao that was so much fun hahaa
to watch a game? are you banned from freeport?
that just made my day bro lmao!
free printing? Me response in two words: moral hazard
I'm as paranoid as they come. If you look sketch and you're kicking it by my car I'm gonna ask you to relocate.
Ya ever get fooled into looking at a guys shaved ass while watching porn? Yeah, me neither.
Note to self: do not send books about horse KILLING to horse-book reviewer.
What are you willing to fight for?
I've really got to fix this night owl thing...
Goodnight World
Congratulations! My sister and brother-in-law just announced the same thing. They won the 'first grandchild' sweepstakes.
which part?!
oh BEHAVE ( Austin Powers Voice)
I see alot of prom pictures on fb i can't wait for my prom now
A love for Ohio, huh? Where are you from? I was born and raised in the Youngstown area (NE).
man at work bored as hell dnt u need tu be sleep u gt school fool
what, dunkin donuts?!? where?
homecoming this saturday! Get your limo while there is still availability! W.limoservicedenver.com
Psalm 53:2 God looks down from heaven on all mankind to see if there are any who understand, any who seek God.
Hey dumb dumb, you give me gum gum~ Night of the Museum
I love trolling. I do it in real life as much as possible since...I can't online?
There are no Dunkin Donuts in Southern California, and I don't give a fucking shit. #They'reFuckingDonuts!!!
face down in a Walmart parking lot
all of a sudden... "you look gorgeous" (the wonders of #makeup)
interesting that we were just having a conversation about the Snooze. Thanks for sharing the article
They do? That's cool. You should take a pic of your Shih-Tzu I'd love to see it! I'm sure as it grows it will get smarter. :)
Parsing football data all day long. Sweet!
I think this weather calls for a good old fashion blackout!
Where its at tonight ? I'm tryna watch the fight !
Lmfao. He took Chris!!
young sir?
Organic, gluten-free, sugar-free PUMPKIN Power Muffins coming out of the oven as we tweet.
duh! Too much bourbon. You really got to break things down to me 2day
My lil sister told me to not stop being me. That's real advice and a compliment. That shit made my day.
The stuff found looking for other stuff is always the best, isn't it.
"Teamwork makes the dream work" love that quote from #RHOA!
Even when I look good I still dont look good.
What she order? Fish fillet ;) lol
ha, I suppose I can :P
oh were you chewing on them? That breaks them too lol jk
Good Morning<3
More apt headline would b "The govt. that doesn't stand 4 anything' but u already know that.
thanks tony.
And, I'm jealous abut your Counter burger today. Just sayin'.
check out my website www.blockstarsonline.com
i have been watchn my strange addiction all day... i really wana go and c a movie w/ my frendziziz bu no 1 will take us crap busy lives
Nice win
Two great choices! Glad you had a great time!
Got an email about the return of Sbux Tribute blend. Immediately thought it was intentionally timed for #HungerGames. Ergh....
haha that's a funny face u put lol " c: " ...I couldn't tell u why, it just is lol
lol! bouta make it my status :)
Do u like or dislike Mick Foley?
Stop stuffing everything in the initializer. Just stop it. It's bad and you should feel bad.
turns out G-Mac is an ass. “: RT gmac what's you're best tips to break 100 shots?? >>skip the last 3 holes”
#1DayTillBoyfriendVideo OMB im so excited!We're gona rock the world with SWAGGIE
No, but we're working on it! In the meantime you can perform all important tasks by visiting m.stickk.com from your iPhone
Jeff Van Gundy is dead on. Acting is not part of the game. Playing the game is part of the game. Don't defend glorified cheating.
Bailed on this for a while for some same-time-same-place synchronous socializing. Did I miss anything?
Act of Valor with moms and pops. Damn what I'd do to be a Navy Seal
double rainbow outside!
New Ringtone? #SaySomethin!!
Not a bad idea. Gum would be a cinch to advertise on TV. But only as used for chewing. In the mouth. Not, you know, elsewhere.
Want to eat food, but because my throat is just killing me.. Food is out of the question. Cough Drops save me!!!
Meeting with "As Seen On TV" tomorrow to work on some new brand and web projects...
#IfYouDontBecomeAFan of than your missing out on a lot of good stuff and hes making a change
thanks. Send me some snippets dm for email
More Than 1200 Clinicians Attend First-Ever Live Online Psychiatry Congress
My music will cheer you up :)
I'm cleaning up my house bro. I just finished washing my truck
God, how I hate aggressive sensitivity. It's nearly as bad as people forcefully saying "good morning."
thanks darling! here's to movement!
Are you a Maxxinista? Well? ARE YOU?!
Thanks for following. Love what you guys are doing. Let me know if I can help.
did he perform?
i forgot my phne was on silent -_-
What a game.
If only I believed you.....xoxo
I've got spreadsheets to sort and audits to reconcile, so I am off to the spreadsheet mines.
Hey 1st of all I can SPELL CONCEDED is Spelled CORRECTLY.. I don't think you even know what that word means?
hahaha im thinking about it....
And thoughts with who carried his body across border. They went through a lot together.
how about that? RT : Indiana 7/1 favorite to win next year's hoops nat'l title. Kentucky 10/1 to repeat
lolol they could come pimp our church!
Today we meet with the very talented to talk shop about some cool new branding. Things could get pretty exciting...be warned.
Its the chambers networking group. Come to our next meeting as my guest I'l DM you the details
My birthday be very soon!
SO good. That tapenade and cracker combo! Yum.
Got the picture and left. Didn't want to be a creeer before the show. I'll stay after. 807
Carder makes me smile.
that is awesome!
Btw, we punch bitches <U+E00D><U+E002><U+E005><U+E51C>
Love listening to @ on the TuneIn app on my phone when I travel for work. It's like being home!
I usually start my morning off right by spilling coffee on myself
And may the friends gathered below it never fall out.
Special shout out to and his band "Taller Than Our Soul." Best of luck with that upcoming tour of yours! - JJ
thx kev, I can't believe it happened so fast :D
i gotta get off the lap top because i keep missing one direction! omg! louis preformance <3 wow!
Omg fanny pak leave
I texted oasis to 313131 and sure enough I got my VIP status, your social media rocks
Tricia, I found this GREAT video relating to social media. It is one of my tweets-I am married but engaged!!! Best,
it's like a random person asking you to take their money and invest it for them, and make a positive return for them for free
proud of my big latin ass and dont you forget it!
ah the U2 of burgers...
Yep. You read my mind.
Kinky! someone has to lay off of the NyQuil :-)
First partial solar eclipse since 2002 starts Sunday at 7:21 p.m.
followback,Is Awsome related to Watch The Big Bang Theory Online
This is very important....Prometheus comes out in four weeks. Squee!
do you ever listen to hop cast?
Johnny Damon, you are our only hope
LOL He'll be quarantined by then...don't worry.
Are gas masks allowed? RT TONIGHT -- at Fillmore MB! Doors: 7:30p. Show: 8:30p.
we'll start the night out with a promise, sing it loud and honest. by the end of this we won't feel a thing.
All of a sudden the Celts and Sixers remembered how to play offense.
Whatcha been up to??
ah, it's so nice outside :) love this chill
The flavor on my Fruit Roll-Up package says "Sizzling Red/Yellow." So colors are spicy now?
Need to rally all my power songs to get through today.
My current political predication: Romney loses Michigan and Gingrich wins Georgia too narrowly.
Who has no arms, no legs and sits in front of your door? . . . Matt
90 minutes to go until I get to enjoy making/eating croque monsieur!! STARVED
Working 1-815 today. Longest day in a while. No more four hour shifts..
I think you you need to get on that house music
Lopez: At hospital, "we were told that...the injuries she sustained were not compatible with life." Taken to ICU to monitor, say goodbye,
Hubby bought a 2nd restaurant in Cleveland Park! Opening this summer
Son this nigga is SNORING SO LOUD in the waiting room im jtfo
You're welcome.Probably will get real interesting. I'll give you details first. Police took photos but I don't have copies yet.
yay! So exciting and so delicious!!
New blog post : Advantages and Disadvantages of Protein Powders
Nick Young's shirt. Nuff said.
Looking forward to it!
4 days off = glorious!
Pics are in! They will be posted soon! Keep checking our Facebook for them! www.facebook.com/everydayheromusic
Ayyoo T$ follow Back Please! I love You so much<3
Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass Harass
I really dont we were on the phone for like 20 secs
Thanks for all the shouts, RTs, & overall love!
I eat tasty meals and have made Paleo my lifestyle without feeling like I am depriving myself of anything
thank you for following and being #150! :)
hahaha!!! when he does is an excellent tweeter
#Right-wing economic theory celebrates competition. Yet, right-wingers are so afraid of #OWS competition? Toughen up!
that's the spirit brother
~~ Read Tip 6/7 ~~ Techniques to maximize the effect of statistics part 6: Use facial expressions to convey the appropriate reaction.
I'm backing Tucci up on this one! It's true
Thanks for the follow!
The silliest maybe :) How are things with you? Practicing much with your green light saber?
Tomorrow the Censusu Bureau releases county-level poverty figures. How has WI fared during the recession? We'll know more tomorrow.
Let's bring out the rain boots
Gary: "It's rainin men hallelujah" ahahahaha
I tried telling you<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
8 oh my n Bone Daddys huh :-), thts "my Jack!" When is the next "grown folks nite" at yalls spot???
practically crying tears of joy watching Haylin dance her first dance as Mrs. Martin.
Everyone in this bar will kill the one Rangers fan here who won't shut up. Come on #caps!
I hope the curling iron worked for marlynn ^-^
Jason Terry LOL come on dude.
I was bought to say Lol thanks girl
How much longer?
Blast kills 70 @ house in #Hama, #Syria. Childish prank? Innocent civilians? No, #MuslimBrotherhood. RT
Im Not The Only One.! Will Join Me(:
Just got some water to a client in Green Lake
will you be coming to England?:) I hope so, you NEED to!<3 will you please give me a shoutout in your Q+A video?<3 ily
#nowplaying "Your melody" by prepping for this Saturday!!!
Some quotes have been shared with multiple versions on the Web with slight variations in each
I'm seeing tomorrow. It's about to get real sexual up in there.
man I'm brewing up some knowledge so I can have a stronger forefront soon to come! So just laying it low....
Jealousy && envy are basically the same word
Great read on copyright and ownership. "Common as Air: Revolution, Art, and Ownership" by Lewis Hyde.
Love it. Clippers come back to win, Griz fans stumbling towards bridges, & just for a little bit Laker fans can shut the hell up!
It’s got a lot less fat and more protein, and IMO tastes better anyway
hey :) I love loiter squad I LIKE CHEESE ! Follow back ?
burying pain can plant seeds that grow into bitterness
I love that halloween/ants matching combo
i just want to give up dana i didnt sleep last night. like i hate this feeling i was i could talk to him one more time
God knows we've missed you, too!
Do you know a couple that are in a bad relationship? Do they need a love intervention? Email us at
Putting an "lol" at the end of your text does not make it any less malicious
yeah, I basically become a badass when I'm older
Amazing feeling,when you wake up and is online :)
i love that reese witherspoon ALSO loves "overboard." awesome movie! i just...ate a bug. cc
That's too bad. I've always believed zettaflops were a certainty.
Twitter is the Uzi on the nightstand. Sure, it could be helpful; odds are it won't be :)
Working through Rodney King's "The Riot Within" for a #BookReview for the published by
Thx. We plan on it!!
It works but a bit touchy. Advanced slides every time presenter said "what's the next step..."
They doing mad homework rite now in reach i feel accomplish cause i did mine last night
tf? Wrong person >.<
If I were a crayon my color would be razzledazzle red!
Moving today :-)
LOL. I kind of love how blatantly implausible her campaign promises are... free puppies for all!
What is HMU?
idk Wat it was so nope
Suite seats at Isotopes rock!
Great job today Liz!! We are proud of you!
Man I wouldn't shake his hand wit a broke hand.
yeah let's do it!:D haha
bro okc all the way follow if agree
I like those too. Especially Skittles. People don't get enough sugar in their diets. LOL
It's not my fault I'm late. They put a #fiveguys where I could see it.
Heat looking like pure shit right now
crib thinkin bout my bae while he's working......
uh yeah
You can do anything, but not everything. - David Allen
You GO ladies - Rock your world! Even gals like me (early 50's, kids in college) are working on Plan B and C!
Just got done watching Chronicle It was A good Movie
All pet foods ARE NOT created equal...stay tuned to find out how to know what to look for-for your dog & cat!
Thanks for the follow!
It's not the first time it's happened. It's frustrating when u are spending $70 and they can't acknowledge you.
Looking to make your home more energy efficient & environmentally friendly? We can help!
Got your girl a molly now we smoking loud and drinking.
Re the EULA for Apple iBooks Author, I conclude authors should learn TeX; Knuth doesn't claim that all your ebooks are belong to him.
Cheap Bloody Marys and Happy Hour all day. Do it for mom.
Jolly Rancher twosomes are amazing lol
"The unfortunate thing about this world is that the good habits are much easier to give up than the bad ones." ~ William Somerset Maugham
Going back to work after a vacation is not so fun!!!
she looks so great in it!
was there in February. Be sure to give all the old people the bird for me.
Nf follow back ;)
FUCK it....thats the way I feel
: "Enchantment is the nectar that will draw them in"
the 13th..when are you done? I can't wait to get out of here.
These are tears that are uncontrollable..
"No one has asked for it"-- Stop using this excuse
Whoa, really worried <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
when are we going to do our adieu brunch?
Very happy we will resume our yoga for runners class tomorrow.
Oops I meant to say #NP. Lol.
Case study of "Don't Mess with Texas" campaign.
Loving this short hair do. Looks good on me. :)
Nothing new will ever enter your life unless you become grateful for what you already have.
Best Lyricist of All-Time: _____________ ?
this week in chorus is stressful! everyone on breaking point & getting pissed. once concerts are done, everything be back to normal on Mon!
Thanks for the RT! How's life on your island?
I love sleeping.
looking to expand our family. hit us with your tunes!
ISG lets go Folks ;) no matter what ill make the best of it .. TJ comin soon on the building girls ;)
I DO NOT
Tired. Gonna read for a while & hope the BF doesn't interrupt with tidbits from whatever _he_ is reading.
Exploring gates by foot for a little while!
": #Devils lead #Flyers 2-1. Predict it! How will this one end?Hopefully w/ Flyers hurting many Devils as possible in last 20
is now on Twitter!
Watching Jessie J's rehearsal for tonights show… Girl's got a voice like none other!! <3
they do need to work on accuracy though. Weeding is going to be end of me I think. There is so much!
I haven't seen my girls this week.
(I am organising and categorising the entire clown/juggling/circus/circus skills constellation presently)
I hope Mario Balotelli never goes away. Ever.
Really feel for all the high school/college kids out there today working on papers without access to Wikipedia
Rock those fist pumps! We love the Jersey Shore guys!
Congrats! RT Thank you everyone for the warm welcome to the FSNext/Scout team! I'm just excited to be involved
#BieberFact Justins dads name is Jeremy, RT if you follow him on twitter! ()
I love tonight because I was with my gorgeous loved ones w/whom I can start a conversation with, "Because I'm a goyim..."
The tech in gov't forum got me dreaming of location-based mobile art projects in & around DMV offices. Not taxpayer-supported..just for fun.
Greaat! I am going to try my best to make it, what time?
Nope. And Floyd wins easy by decision
what'd you change (food) that was major, Jason?
fuck my life.
so jealous. Wish I was in WA right now. Have fun!
shared via fb and your sis
Sorry RT : *logs into twitter* looks at timeline* logs of twitter
RT TWITTER NARCISSISM IS AN EXERCISE IN FUTILITY.
Had a great going away party last night
3/1/1798->A. White: I had hope…to convince the French of our earnest wish to remain in Peace with them & all the world
You, too, Doug!
we don't know if it's actually happened yet.. I just found out. People are looking Monday. So
m chamomile tea
#FF to our amazing editorial staff and
Thank you so much for your amazing tweet. You're so sweet to everyone. You will deserve best tweet from :) <U+2665>
Headed to the National Aquarium to check out their new dolphin experience this morning. The Bug is beyond excited.
Like which iconic boy you look cute with basically
Hey if u could just get this little girl to stop staring me down tht wood b great, thanks.
If you are a fan of music, you almost HAVE to buy Licensed To Ill on iTunes new music this week, don't you?
Your in my neck of the woods , welcome and ATS rocks!!
City surveillance success takes a 'village' and input from all stakeholders. Read my exclusive Secured Cities stories at:...
Thank you for the link!
Michael Jackson had the #1 song on this day in 1995 with You Are Not Alone. I love that song.
Should I try out for my school's "Coffee House"? (Acoustic/singing show) I don't even have a song prepared, auditions tomorrow and thursday!
Great idea! RT the best way to advertise ? warm up your leftovers from the night before and eat breakfast at your desk
That shit really pisses me off cuz now they won't believe anything a good guy says. At all. Either that or they just go lesbian. Like wtf...
Shower day! Can't believe it's here already. Beyond excited :)
hii :) I'm really bored would you like to tell me a story? Please?<3
"Enduring setbacks while maintaining the ability to show others the way to go forward is a true test of leadership." -Nitin Nohria
why were the mice imprisoned?
• I figure my best chance at a ballplayer is w/one that peaked in the minors & retired a few years ago. (I'm baseball old lol.)
Yes I did catch #EvaLongoria on that loser makes me sick.Sorry 4 lateness
When it comes to race relations we need to remember we all belong to the same race, the human race.
Researching the best beauty/skincare blogs out there for a new client. What are your favorites?
Thanks for tweeting & reading!
crystal meth ha
k so what prize I win lol
good work today at gym!!!
I can't believe we lost man we played like <U+E05A>
TGIF!!! MY ABSOLUTE MOST FAV. DAY OF THE WEEK
CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR IOTAS <3 WE LOVE YOU, NEW BROTHERS!
Can't get enough of you on The Tellie. You're Wonderfully funny.
in love with it :D it's my favorite picture of him
Can u please follow me....i love and support you all day and every day!!! <33333333 :))))))))))
Should i wear th tech9 with the high tops..........or should i wear the low tops wits the uzi
I'm too focused to loose my balance...
“: "Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life." - Steve Jobs”
Dobbs and Hayes need to be regulars in the lineup. Buck and Gaby are blowing it. Admit it, Juan. Don't lie to me.
Women Comic Book Creators Find a Home on Kickstarter: If you're a woman who loves comics, games, an
Finally got to _A Game of Thrones_ by George RR Martin... good #fridayreads :)
Girl This Store ! Got Some Bad Ass Sunglasses Boa . .
I'm convinced that Obama is a caped crusader at night...right?
These Saturday morning talks wit brad>
We network in the clouds too, if you are good at what you do, have good equipment, and are interested PM us.
#nw do the right thing .. his name is mookie :)
$5 off Easter lilies and Spring Tulip Bouquet. At checkout, use promo code: spring. RT ok.
I'll be sleep before it hits midnight so HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY BUDDY xoxo wishing you many more dude
Good fight....
Good luck racing today :)
4 hours is PLENTY. That's my average each night! :)
Things I didn't know before this evening: apparently the Colts didn't need upgrades on defense.
yes I did!
SCMC MUSIC CONFERENCE IN CLEVELAND ON THE 24TH HERE I COME!!!
of course. Tissues. Maybe we should post photos of you in the same poses?
Hayles describing very large multimodal game that she and 30 or so collaborators are building.
also thank you, , for the news of $3000 books i will never own, even though...well, yeh. i'll never own 'em. but i can WISH. :)
we have transformed into the Juniverse! #styledbyjune here at
I turn everything people say into Memes...
Congratulations Gary Lanoie, New #ACTEM Executive Director
When I read that article, I kept thinking, what if you have more than one doll? Or your parents bought you one as a surprise?
took the words right outta my mouth. :)
Shut the front door! WTH
Amazing night at the Habit Design meetup! Thanks to all of the awesome speakers. Feeling so inspired!
you're welcome. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Having trouble staying motivated with exercise? Sign up for a local event and train for it. Have a goal!
This class better be vital to my education
you got your four wheeler yet?
Proposition: bananas are the perfect breakfast food: lightweight, portable, tasty, nutritious, come in recyclable packaging. Discuss.
#RT : We must treat the disease of racism. This means we must understand the disease. Sargent Shriver // that means dialogue
Thanks so much for the support of our projects and mission!
Thanks for the RTs!
Rain boots on - check. - check. Grilled cheese and shopping - check check! Happy Sunday.
congrats on your launch!
Sir they found Kobe Bryant dead in his room -I guess you could say Kobe finally.... *Puts on sunglasses* passed YEAH.
I have much bigger aspirations too :) I just don't know where to start. Books I've looked at are so dry / not step by step.
Free dessert per table with purchase of entree on us all week! Just check into Oz on your Facebook, Yelp, or Foursquare app.
Time waits for no one so what reason are you using for standing still???
We miss you guys. Need to make it back for lunch again!
twitter never shows me yer tweets. Im about ta slap a hoe
The chief function of the body is to carry the brain around
I retweet things way to much.
The only time Houston weather is predictable is in the summer. We know its gonna be HOT!!!
Miss you Grandpa, wish you were here. Christmas won't be the same without ypu
You were a slut on MySpace, you're a slut on Facebook & Twitter & you seem shocked when I treat you like a slut.
so sad
RT!!!!!!! <3 ": A #Cancer just wants someone to experience the world with and then come back to a cozy safe haven."
A Slew of Revelations About &#39;God of War: Ascension&#39;
Thank you!
Good gracious, ass is bodacious!
big "if" healthy. Best def, good oline, Good running game, A guy who can coach his ass off..Scary combo
Problems with Twitterific all weekend. Anyone else?
Really feeling The Clipse and the Re-up Gang right now! They killin' the mixtape world now, and i feel they bout to take their swag back!
Dropping the virtual needle on 's Goodbye Jumbo. Easily one of the best records released in 1990, if not *the* best that year.
Did you know we have an exemplary board of Trustees? Are you interested in joining our team? Watch for applications @ the Library.
Koch gives Smithsonian $35M for new dinosaur hall
shredding butts is Diego's made up term for farting lol
Rihanna: Partying With Strippers Makes You Look Desperate To Get Chris Brown Back
why are you assuming shit, like , I was just saying.
“The aura of its prestige, silent and unseen, was everywhere felt on that lovely [Princeton] campus, like an invisible shield of excellence”
Can't wait for next year NBA All-Star game...HOUSTON baby!!!
you ok?
I saw that! Crazy 4th quarter. #lakers seemed out of it until then. Why a great game!
“: Rihanna in the "Princess of China" video >” <====== I know right, she looks smoking hot!
yeah I just grabbed it off my dl
Attention culinary households: rosemary boosts brain power, but makes you less content (my theory? Makes me crave mom's distant cookin.)
for me it was the hardest test of the yearr but that might only be because it was a make-upp
Doggy want the kitty
Anyone that spends a single $1 on any MoGoof Sports & Enter. Product is a sucker!
We are super excited to now offer #GYMNASTICS to youth in our community program: www.danceinstitute.org
Make a difference where a difference can be made. Time is short. Know what you're called 2 do & do it!
Heartbroken. One of the GREATEST VOICES EVER just passed! R.I.P Whitney Houston.
Two straight years out of the playoffs in the first round. Tough break
Joe James from WAMI. Wondering if you wanted to be involved in the WAMI Award show on April 15th again?
btw ur prezzie is in mail! Must post pix when u wear ur !!!!
You talk super tough, but i'm sure you'll call the laws if somebody checked you about your mouth!!!
ah i didn't even see that! thanks for telling me :D
follow me ill follow back
my nigga I kno exactly what u mean
still hurts to watch both ways. 500 gets you no playoffs!
Welcome to the family Titus. Let us know how everything is going for you and if you need any help along the way
I feel it deep down that today is gonna be a good day
interesting read.
hi arielle, I've followed your work for a while, would love to meet up at the conference
This 5 hour energy better work, I'm running on fumes and about to die
I trade with collectors in several countries. I try to find the most unusual or rare materials that other vendors don't offer. :)
No wonder Joe McCarthy hated communists. They were dropping space junk on his home state.
Enjoying an evening of Classic Cocktails and stories with #DaleDegroff!!
Very cool!
#boyfriend number 1
looking fwd to meeting this week! Happy to have ya stop by and do the Coworking thing!
word! That other stuff you played me when I came over that one time. Needs to be released... You know
Sweet, goo.gl lets you generate multiple URLs for the same site. It's also showing me QR codes...
Oh, I see. Well then I am glad it worked out for the best for both of us :)
“: When your going home and your dad is reading all the signs and billboards #lovehim #hesthebest”//he's hilarious!!!
WTF ONLY THEM TWO ARE WORKING :/ xx
Looks like my flight is on time, yippee!
RT : #RelationshipsRequire you to stop thinking about you sometimes. Real happiness comes from making others happy.
Felon Fitness: Lose weight & save money with home exercise.
I found Walmart to be a very ethical company in how they operated. They are highly competitive, though. But they are ethical.
#HEAT win. Love my Twitter updates.. Info without leaving the
To our friends along the east coast, B smart, stay safe, and take advantage of #irene to share your favorite recipe with friends and family
#vatorsplash Einstein photo could be Aaron Levie's relative?? Good hair! And good talk.
Gotta get a new iPhone cover and I can't find anything I like
Business TV "gurus" are about as helpful as weight-loss "gurus"
Doesn't Kristen Stewart look like Lindsay Lohan on the cover of W's Fashion Issue?
thnx for the fun RT's.
on way to #mobprocconf, feels somehow earlier than my clock says it is
OMG my head hurt
Agreed. Spent last winter in AZ, not ready for frigid Chicago!
you are lucky I wish I could get a follow/tweet from James
Have to be honest, loved the #AVENGERS!
Im sleepy. I think its time for me to take a nap
Please do NOT lump all homeschooling families with Republican party. Do your due diligence not all are Republicans or radicals.
#stl salsa congress is this weekend at the Millennium Hotel downtown. Band and DJs tonite! Big party! More info: www.stlsalsacongress.com
I just put on my first pair of sevens I got soph yr high school... It's like sisterhood of the traveling pants. They fit everyone!
Bitch.. I'm soo cool I trip up stairs..
on this day in Wildcat History Patrick Patterson chose Kentucky over Florida and Lemond chose Shoneys over Cracker Barrel
bitch!! I was like Rob call me!! Of I'm gonna let everyone hear our "look at me now cover" hahaha
I lay in bed and hear the rain *dripdrop* I hear the horses galloping *thudthud* I feel the thunder *BOOM* I can hear the lighting *crackle*
You know you're sick when you're home when the History Channel is showing actual history. MTV, what say you?
cant get enough of #AngelsAndGentlemen !!!!!<3
I hope I never come across anyone singing "baseball, hot dogs, apple pie and Chevrolet."
RT : All this spam mail to me is getting annoying!!!
If you ever think your life is insignificant, take a minute and check out your "friends" status on
Anything but a blanket. To slow and I'm not sure they ever get used. I vote for a hat! :-)
how many watts??
Help without barriers & with compassion is so important.
Snoop already told us bitches ain't shit
Great Job Great WHCD Coverage!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand running out of food.
You know CHI-PHX is going to OT again. The Hockey Gods have decreed it. Plus, yknow, a team about to move can't win a series!
I would've prob got in on the bashing if I hadn't been busy. Glad to see him win it tonight, you could tell how happy he was
I call it exactly you just called it.
#heart failure!!!! White folk get on the plane and eat hamburgers with everything on them at 8am smh...
The difference between trust & love is that love will remain the same while trust will surly fade.
Thanks for the great art!
Smoking day nanananana...
New Years Eve in on the Mission - Orquesta La Moderna Tradición, DJ Carlito's Way, DJ Antonio, DJ WaltDigz $10 CODA 1710 Mission St., Sa...
Thanks for the follow! Ad Club will be touring GMR this friday afternoon. We'll be sure to say hello.
That feeling you get when you crawl into bed?
Hey Mario - thx for the RT. My chin is all healed up now. Lucky for me, they added granite to strengthen it ;-)
Fashion night out tonight!! Anyone in LA should attend!! A bunch of promotions,discounts, and celebrities!!
The Answer is yes, We are open rain or shine
I like that look! GBY : ) (God bless you)
We didn’t lose the game; we just ran out of time.
Thanks for showing our blog some love Michael! We appreciate you sharing it!
At the DGA with
was seriously tempted to call in sick today. Luckily/unfortunately I'm super responsible and went anyway.
ain't nobody ask you to get in to grown people's business.
dang I can't do it. I'll be out of town.
I love everyone in my life!
from dept of interior doing fb/twitter/livestream chats with secretary. Now most visited section of website
Proud to report I had to go figure out what you were referencing.
"Being a mother is like asking half the population to do brain surgery without sending them to medical school." Jane Swigart, Ph.D., author.
Start and Grow your own business
At KABB-TV to talk March Madness w/ Monica & Miriam on "Morning @ Nine" Show. Tune in 9-10am.
How in the world (especially in Virginia) does someone come up with 400 pounds of bananas?
well :( that's ok I guess I have 2 wait until next time
It's intended primarily for UW-Madison, but anyone may use the service w/limited assistance to non-campus folks.
yeah dude made me wanna change mine
I still don't like this 3-day format for the #NFLDraft! 2 days were good enough. Who agrees?
malibu and soda = drink of the summer like coconuts in muh mouth
so with all of this lovely spring weather I'm dying to know when doggie happy hours start back up? (cc )
At the #Scripps Genomic Medicine Conf. Just met the 16 yr old Beery twins whose lives were saved & made "normal" by genetic sequencing!Wow!
I once bought my kids a set of batteries for Christmas with a note on it saying, toys not included.” - Bernard Manning (What a Grinch)
It felt weird not going to school today.
no problem, hope it all comes good
he doesn't have a fb where u can add him as a friend, only a like page, it's all on his YouTube account if ur not sure
Bed time :)
Goodnight moon, goodnight you <3 sweet dreams baby girl :)
I see Lynn Munsinger.
wow! Thanks a lot for your support JWB
Last nights show was great! Now takin baby girl to school. Then finishing #NFG designs and #attackattack music video artwork! Slammed
true ish i don't trust women, why should i? fucking wit me ya signing a disclosure that says no fb no twit while and after we together...
Do you know when Nickvanbloss will play in Miami. BTW you are only 976 tweets from self-destruct.
You could have the greatest song/riddim in the world...However if nobody hears it...#MARKETyou market #yourSKILLS ...Ask us if U need HELP!
Fun day ahead! It is Nationwide Open House Weekend!! I am hosting an Open House today at 3101 Harborview Drive, Nashville, TN.
It feels so GOOD to be free of all the stress, concern, and bullshit that I left in DC.... Maybe it's the friends... Maybe it's the 151 lol
We'll be watching you on OPB tonight. Break a leg!
yep! tons of fun! :)
I got that mad d@#*
Same here! I'd be like KICK HIS ASS!
love your book!!
I have my baby no sitter :(
#RIPMatt you will be missed by every single mahomie and Austin!! No one deserves that
I'm Glass/ I fill up with Cold Water/ I sit Still
nice keep up the longtoss strengthen the arm and if you everneed to pitch to a hitter let me know trying to get cuts vs that curve
Rockin Suite 301 tonight for my dude let's go! Blue moon time
HELLO Milwaukee! What's cookin' good lookin'???
yes. Close enough :) That would be "fight club." Good job.
that is fucking disgusting
I vote Julia... No wait Kevin.... No wait, that's right I DON'T GET A VOTE! Sweet democracy .... Right :-/
netflix on iPhone so good I have to smh
So who's stupid and in need of smacking around now!? *this girl*
Evan turner..clutch. when did cwebb start doing tnt games? Cut the fro bro bro u not 20 anymore!
Love the Jasper Fforde "Thursday Next" series! Can't wait to start book 3 :-)
Back date important company milestones in your Facebook Timeline via
Lol.. Is not true!!
omg everyone google the word "smoogie" funniest shit ever! Lmmfao
S.I.N. Mondays Milwaukee let's do it! $3, $4, $5 Maki. $7 Specialty Rolls. All that scintillating sushi. Only half the price.
so beautiful.
I'm a business librarian and would be very interested in hearing about what works for your classes.
Love you back girl!! xo
Thomas Butzhammer Wins Grand Series of Poker Salzburg
getting a bit fed up with all this rubbish about Fergie still having a remarkable year. 8pt lead w/6 to go, tossed. Unforgivable.
Don't count on Amtrak's wifi being anywhere near fast enough to view a movie. Still loading after riding 10 minutes...
Can't begin to understand the senselessness. My heart is broken for the Myers family.
He looks STRANGE! Like, strahn-jay strange. Suspect strange. Oh wee no strange.
Fotis Jannidis "Influence is a bad metaphor. Think about selection instead." Ex. Goethe selected Rousseau as a model of sensibility
have been approached by many audience members about getting essay out there for infertility community.
Great pitching RA! You guys played great! Go Mets! Up to chapter 7 in your book.
I got to class just in time to learn how to beat a lie detector test
Only when the Fire Investigator requests them.
Getting lots of great resources from the digital textbooks session.
check your share menu. None of mine say "appname this", they all just say "appname".
: thats why i love when holidays fall on monday..the days fly by after that
#IfLilBIsARapperThen I'm Famous
I hope Charlie Sheen doesnt die before Halloween.
is Vienna still waiting for me?
First speaker of the day is James Ruffer "# Corporate Attackes Using Social Media"
Home Run Inn, established in 1947, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
I get to make plays with some of my dearest friends. I feel like the luckiest girl in the world.
You have to give up the life you planned, for the life that is waiting for you.
looking for an old bmx. 10% finders fee.
I've recently started to really see that my free time would be better spent studying statistics rather than just programming
4. The IPhone hopefully working again? = PRICELESS!!!
Thanks for the modite follow suggestion. I've added her to the list!
Citizens United Decision Threatened by Supreme Court “Technical Error”
no problem
Too early to drink?
"My life? Chaotic. Nothing seems to go according to plan and even though I complain, I actually love it." Yes, I read your
He know how to make night 10x better(:
Went to #SoMe last evening reception it was really great seeing the latest Social Media
Tired of having a 516 area code? Change it to a 212 area code...we have plenty to choose from starting as little as $50.
Thank you! RT : i like the new icon :)
#MI #EM #PA4 robs public of the power of their votes. It is an assault on/affront to #democracy. #Snyder wants to reign not govern
at&t
omg cool!
I wish the Knicks would stop acting scared of the Heat. Its pissing me off. Good Job Tyson Chandler
#TimeMagazine u hve been manipulated by #CoryBooker and his team #CamiAnderson shows only negative results in #Newark why100influencialPpl?!
8 followers away from 1300... Can I get a RT for a lil help... Xo thanks!!
Looking for sales, marketing, and finance opportunities in the St. Louis area
I feel awakrd standing outside lol
More ska research! Currently focusing on DC ska history.
ill call u after I eat something lol
not really in to folk music but love Arthur Russell's style of folk music
boring lol c:
Man, I love Zin.
Anyone catch the amazing Occupy Broadway skateboarders on Sat. on their way to Wall Street? Went by like thunder & lightening!
“Insanity is doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
Good Luck Scotty!! I love you this big xx ;) My #Idol ;)
An arabber just walked by my place, pony all decked out in bells. Somehow this Baltimore tradition needs to be preserved!
Zing! RT (<U+2193>) Heh, heh. MT : Wisconsin: where there's more fake D candidates than there are fake #recallwalker sigs!
thanks for the article. Really informative.
that's precisely the kind of stuff I wanted to know. Thanks!
Use Roland Edirol MP3 recorder - awesome. Pricy, but well worth it. Overkill for just voice, but you'll get every nuance.
In yer dreamz! Boom! No seriously, great stuff. Cheers to all.
I Love You Sometimes Lol <U+2665>
I liked them both better in the 90s.
..the bulldozer & not the atomic bomb turns out to be the most destructive invention of 20th c..Ph.Shabecoff
I smoke to much now lol
Who made sugar the common commodity that it is today? Go to www.americanlegacymag.com for the answer!
man tryna stay outta trouble
I wanna plan a trip for my birthday this year
Is "wow, your hair is getting long!" politespeak for "when are you going to get that pinestraw on your head cut!?!"
Heard that last night. Was trying to determine which album to buy. My Morricone albums are vinyl. LOL! Dated myself eh?
Did I just see you in westport?
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe your friendship circle gets smaller and smaller as bitches become more fake .
the pressure to be perfect</3
#BlueRock's summer special! #Studio space reduced from $1100 to $950 all summer! Soon a special deal for #lighting!
hey i need dates lol and do yall hve school today? I dont luv yall have a good Friday
I like the way I feel when he looks at me. Like I want to believe in myself.
Happy Birthday Punk.
is there a way to change the default file type for New Files' from .txt
When I have to stand up on my tip toes to hug you<3
Happy #LeapDay! Did you know that leap day started in 46 BC with the Julian calendar? Originally the doubled day was February 24th.
JPMorgan Chase twitter account suspended, website down last week & this sunday & monday, data hacked, fraud... Chase is a mess!
walking dead :p
I smell meat
Yay for babies!
#DAMLA Love this example from Kendra Miller from Ogilvy: wardrobe planning tool in the movie Clueless as DAM
JASON!! D:
Back at ya, sister! Hearts and hearts :)
I have Google+ goodness to share. Message me your email if you would like some
830AM. Perfect time for a cheeseburger. Gross
Agreed. However, it would have been nice if they had increased the storage space to accommodate those large files!
niggas used to be mad as fuck when they wasn't on your top lol.
Feel horrible sick but a spring training game always makes me smile.
OMGOMGOMG YOU GOT THEM?!?!! IM SO JEALOUS RIGHT NOW HOE.
26 hours, 20 min of sleep. The abuse of the 911 system in #DC is unfuckingbelieveable. Really looking forward to going home and sleeping.
creating a spelling menu for my kiddos. does anyone have ideas for challenging spelling activities for my gifted kids? need more!
M,i want ice cream!c;<
works for me. 1st of july, so get planning lol. I wasn't until I saw one when I was on vacay an scared the crap out of me
Is anyone else going into withdrawals now that the PostSecret app is gone?
I can't watch your Brotherhood 2.0 Feb 9 vid without loosing it LOL! "I don't want to ruin for you but the dog dies." ROTFL!
Want to join the family? We're hiring. Devs (senior and not-senior levels) & designers.
I cant RT cause your protected :( but Thanks!
Personalize your email messaging for better reader engagement and response.
You mean they're saying terrible things about you, too?! ()
What's the BEST breakfast spot/diner in Brooklyn??
heard the frontal lobe of brain deals w/ memory when we get alot of anxiety it causes the frontal lobe to freeze up less effective
I swear my bf be going ham on twitter lol
thanks haha I tweeted that to her YESTERDAY!!!
oh that sounds so fun I might die
love you too!!
this is you... “: Someone come play with my hair.”
5 dollar entry fee
yeah, I gave up facebook. If it gets dicey, one of us needs to do the old "How 'bout that Mario Williams signing?"
this is really hard, haha I can't think of one...
I get bored easily
i want a hot dog.
how was Hot Tub Time Machine? I've heard mixed reviews.
Tough to say. The late polls have favored Mourdock, but you never know. Should be an exciting night. I'll be live-tweeting!
It helps that we're our own client. And we're slightly immature.
Ambition is a dream with a V8 engine. - Elvis Presley
Busy week with production meetings..4 new shoots booked more coming!!
Twitter jail. He's good...
I HAVE TO SHOW YOU SOMETHING LOL.
Maybe a really old hand crank drillpress? Also, you should all probably flee that place soon.
oh ya the tea is good!!
Great NFL day! The best thing about the Pats advancing is so they can lose again!
Cooperative learning + portfolio assessments are examples of what Finland learned from US.
and yeah the league is genius
He was very well-spoken. What a mistake to let him go!
Any suggestions for language screens for adults?
I wanna work at Best Buy
hell no it ain't lol
needs to step his twitter game up
wonder's why the harder you try to sleep the more thoughts that wander into your head and keeps you from actually falling asleep
Penn State has some pretty unorthodox recruitment methods
AW THE CAST OF MY SHOW "The Game" IS ON!!!!!! LOVE YOU POOCH!!!! XD XD
same here :)
check out this cool online station, UNregular Radio
ouch, ouch and ouch.
At #Bella32 getting in.... Trinity River Café tomorrow, 8pm, be there
dang I was way off
are you creeping? Come on, admit it(;
thank you for the sweet tweet!!
well then, looks like I have work to do :)
please i like all our veterans there the best
you're so pretty!!
Life is like the moon: now full, now dark
i legit got my ice cream & used tissues around me and it's going to rain outside and omg. it's perfect.
be confident in who you are & increase your adaptability so that you can shine & grow in any environment <3 #winningedge#
Follow us on twitter and talk to us!
so would a reference superhero sport a stapler in a holster? seems more menacing than a 3 hole punch.
I saw a twitter name "pussy4lunch" which is worse...his mother looking over his shoulder or the possibility that he lives up to his name?
I get nervous when my brother eats things that are not food , seriously I think he ate my charm bracelet..
this is a guess but..,"me gustoario java para crém?
'Max Payne 3' Game of Epic Proportions: Discs and PC Specs - Gamenguide: Gamenguide'Max Payne 3' Game of Epic Pro...
Some people are so oblivious.
Is finding that a thick skin, at times, is the best accessory for an open heart.
Dont let the fakes blind you from the reals
Are there any local music concerts you are looking forward to going to in the next few weeks?
. Teachers, first responders, and millions of other Americans are relying on you to take action on jobs.
Good spot for studying for finals? Or maybe just daydreaming about studying for finals? Or daydreaming about daydreaming?
Those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. George Bernard Shaw
Thanks for following us!
Having fun in the pool with the cousins, im the only guy o.O
oh okay just checking
tom hiddleston was not expecting any of this.
What?? I was the very pillar of restraint!! A veritable joy to be around!
Never depending on you for shit.
LOL. Did I win the caption contest? His eyes definitely gave the don't mess with me look
Home is where you are loved
Oh, how I just love non-idempotent builds.
We Love You Liam Payne is trending. How cute:)
I will admit I have the biggest crush on Something about those country boys!
Lets go fellow Jesuit U, Xavier
And your thoughts on Parks and Rec, sir?
Bro we gotta hit up skyline open gym..!
Battier's shot makes me sick to my stomach... flicks it like a Marion/Chamique Holdsclaw hybrid....
Never close yourself off to new opportunities! You never know where you might end up.
Your work is awesome
Love you Ron Swanson.
Why is seafood in New York always so disappointing?
Saw a priest at Marsh. Evidently the eat food too. Ben & Jerry's.
I think its too early for thoughts like these >.<
I need some time to think to myself. So I'm gonna stay at my grandmas house this weekend. Sounds like a good plan.
As we trade our freedoms for the false hope that the government can give us economic prosperity, we will end up with neither.
just want to put it out there, if your not following me I will be deleting you so I can follow those who me......
A lot of times I write tweets that I disregard
Dear Natalia Kill: you got your Master's in Boyology? Ugh, my school wouldn't let me transfer my credits. And said it wasn't a real degree.
thanks, will do!
very excited to have met the cast and crew of the film "AMANDA" that we will be doing soon....
I was just wondering if that, was still happening... I won't be here but I sure was telling folks:-)
I loved ur post! Ur surroundings have a HUGE impact on ur mind, body & soul Zen Habits posted about this recently check it out!
Where you playing at? And good luck! Feel free to use my Uku-fail-le joke to warm up the crowd.
I'm in like a pissy mood.
With humility of mind regard one another a more important than yourselves. -Philippians 2:3
ugh my mom is like that -,-
Thank you Preeti. :)
Wishing I was at country thunder!! Looks so fun! Why do tickets have to be so much!!
Go get that new mixtape on media fire
It's always good to spend time with the family((: #Truth great day((:
I am live on the radio now. Check me out. Power88lv.com. 88.1 fm lv
made me late to class (x Haha oh well I love her <333
We all have our inner caveman...but even I have my own odor limits!
everyone I put chapter 1 of my story up GO LOOK AT IT and tell me what you guys think
caramel tskk..lmao goes in the book with alphet & seizure salad..
when are u moving to the city? That's gon be hott!!!
Who do you normally play?
The Internet is the only place where you can turn social capital into other kinds of capital- at
$2500 deliver order to a church and "Barbie", the client, did NOT tip us. The lawd giveth and the lawd taketh!! Okkkrrr!!!???
Did these fools on SNL seriously just bring Kenny G out for a solo?
These girls in my rec class are weird as fuck id express more but i really don't like to be that mean...
There's so much fun irony in a #madmen episode where they go after Jaguar.
LyondellBasell to Address Wells Fargo Industrial and Construction Conference
New bands first practice went so great! Can't wait to play more. Party party party party party party #party party.
How do we conceptualize automated intelligence, and also discuss the anxieties that circulate around this figure?
Have a great season! Go Hawks!
me too
The official policy is no, but I think you just have to contact them and they will try to help.
Allergies can fall off a cliff
RIP Swamp People star Mitchell Guist
my sister forgot to log out of facebook haha someones getting hacked by me lol
absolutely beautiful! Great job to your pastry chefs.
nagging, bloviation, & u converted to hootsuite MT “: I've finally gotten on -in a stunning personal victory
This is why you're (one of) my best friend.
Prepping for an INTV with WTO Director General Pascal Lamy at the IMF/World Bank tomorrow. Any questions u want me to ask?
Flesh colored leggings - need em!
Finishing up and about to post my instructional scenario. yeah! #imm10 Is this still the official hashtag?
i have basketball try outs tonight! wish me luck??(:
Best coaching job ever maybe and I'm a UK and KSR fan. Have to give credit where credit is due.
: ross / My body is in Oakland, but my heart is in Japan. Pray for Japan! (and my cousin Hugh + fam)
I finally found the business jargon that beats "A peek behind the kimono" for worst phrase ever: "LET'S DO A SNIFF CHECK".
ha well high school you lose lots of friends. Speaking of which how do you like it?! :D
I don't think you understand the purpose of twitter. It's not a Facebook status where you post random things you're doing.
San Francisco SPCA Launches Second Phase of Anti-Puppy Mill Campaign
Chen supporters suggest ways to end standoff - USA TODAY
Looking for an #Oracle #DBA for Seattle!!
Lawyer Squad.
We're getting more volunteers for the event. We need someone to make a large banner - any takers?
Damn! Just flew back in to Indy from Tampa. The airport is packed. Is there something big going on?
looks like I made the right call by unfollowing I guess. Thanks for @'ing me.
Enjoying all of the snow pictures, keep sharing them....
Woohoo the best show on tv is back!
A very special #FF to our fellow SM informers
that's my feeling too. i'm still in the collecting stage so i haven't started dumping all my stuff into it yet.
find ya boy on facebook obiggtrai1 r type traialexander35,com
Great Thanks!
Thanks bro...lol
Alexandra's advice: really think about the WHY in developing QR codes and make sure to test Them before you print!!!
You need a golden calculator to diviiiideee.
hi!!!!!!!!!!! you are so correct and we old timers have stick together! hugs, r
Some horrific stats, facts, and images....slavefreechocolate.org... they made this video - share it!
yes; was very quick and helpful; thx
youre 2 seconds from my house
Assignment instructions must be explicit.
Proud to announce Fire and Ice the second book in the series is out
Went back to tourney area after bubbling to retrieve the banana I bought and didn't eat, come back and all I see is the peel left
Has anyone checked up #pineapplegate ? It's about a really dumb question on a NY State test. Funny stuff.
Srry, haven't been on twitter for a long time!! D:
mines always goofing around(:
RT just saw your band on the news? :) haha thought I knew that voice and I looked and it was you
You know it's time for a new job when you almost hit "send" on the snarky ass response to an annoying email.
haha yeah, do u have an Instagram?
Great day with and , thank you lord for great blessings! are gonna have a great day for skiing tomorrow!
lol Ur right. Thanks for the encouragement. Just added twitter to my phone. So maybe that will inspire me.
Rock-tacular meal at Teller's in Lawrence KS last night. The pheasant and pumpkin ravioli was amazing!
The state of responsive images
Just told my neighbor I was watching mulan rouge with my kids. No. I meant Mulan. No Rouge. Whoops.
Mildly concerned about my in-laws. Uncle-in-law called last night, said their landline was disconnected, cell not taking calls.
I NEED to stop napping everryday now.
Tee Hee! Just making sure you take care of yourself!
conspiracy. (Moon served 13 months in prison.)
I have magic soup! :) I love my chinese soup
Glad that this is a brand new day!
struggling to keep my eyes open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Where's everybody at?
Atlanta police to swear in newest &#39;top dog&#39;
What are you doing for the final? You may not need one.
my stomach is still recovering from a poutine/mac & cheese binge at kelly's last night
the college slam dunk championship is ridiculous...
. up early making moves for
It's good, but has problems. Could've done so much more with the Rockwell/Rourke rel. RT : Iron Man 2 is better than Iron Man.
Welcome!! RT : Welcome to Twitter!
Thanks, Twitter, for these lovely Actor Tweeps!
thanks! Can you direct me to #susty (esp. recycling/office building 'impact at work' resources) in #NewDelhi?
JOIN : B.H.P _ BLACK HOODED PRODUCTIONS' STREET TEAM _ INBOX ME IF U SUPPORT THE MOVEMENT OR WANT TO AND DON'T KNOW HOW ! HUSLIN n ORDER
Hope doesn't cost anything...but it will pay for trip to success.
I don't know, he hasn't said anything yet
gosh a ton,but its worth it,because you play the perfect malfoy,it would suck without you!i love you soo much!!
Me to
RT if you purchased sperantsa gear for this Seattle snow!! <U+26C4>
You SAVED me, girl, just SAVED me with that fabulous link. I was having so much trouble with tomorrows issue. Thanks so much.
Clear eyes. Full hearts. Can't lose.
Juicy sportin a tie?!
This is your double digit I.Q
if u guys r willing to drive like an hour, u should come to my comp
Please send prayers/good vibes to & her bf as he is still in ICU
Wow, North Carolina is still in this game... This is exactly what one would expect from North Carolina/Kentucky!
Excited to moderate the #DigitalRunway panel today w/ and !
I think thr word of the day has got to be thunking alto we did dither a bit too!
you and Mike staying together?
Just had a walk through at The for tomorrows wedding. What a beautiful location; the wedding's going to be stunning.
Omfg tourist jam on mezzanine escalators at Woodley. Why don't these people have handlers?
my favorite was when the girl boobs were floating in the hot tub lol
I love that picture of and together! SO FLAWLESS! <3
yea I did
I love it! I love it!
sunshine volleyball and fun
How do you "certify" your instructors to work with #diastasis? I've been looking for people who do this!
#admerica Miracles growing in San Diego Ad World. #aaf, more is good. Sustainability, that is.
On the plane...waiting to take off to see at the Mint(: flying from Texas guys. Be thankful.
These refs are HORRIBLE
Today is my #someday... will retweet me. #neversaynever 4
may you please tell me the flight/hotel info for nyc? please please please? :)
thanks for helping promote the #Bully-Free casting call!
hurray! What a good feeling!
Woah and are in Hawaii or they left??
love it
Lebron needs some acting classes lmao
I am not frustrated by DNC. I'm frustrated by ALL who are not doing enough.
Learn the advantages of getting a reverse mortgage as a homeowner in Albuquerque. Call #IndigoMortgage at (505) 836-5700.
" Your daughter gives great head! " " WHAT??? " " I said, Your daughter got her hair did ... Looks good too! " " Oh! " (0_0)
i hate spam tweets !
Driving to LA #CountryFloors to finish what I started... I'd be lying if I said I wasn't overwhelmed..
if only Andy sat across from me.
I be workiN all night no breaks or recess !
it's a hard thing to do! Thinking i just want to save, not gamble...still have a lot to learn about how
ROTFL YOUR MOTHER IS SO FUNNY!!!!!!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME!! WOULD MEAN SO MUCH <3 ! 9
Motivator bot is telling Alyssa to kill herself lololol.
"It makes sense that if there is a God and if God created everything, then God is everything. That God is the reason behind any science."
and whats they reason
gearing up for our presentations at Jane Austen Festival this weekend- going to talk about Regency hair and how to recreate it
Congrats to Jacob Dean ,Tessa DeFalco, and Ivan §anchez on winning our exclusive shirt on this months win a free t-shirt contest!
Rise and shine
I'm looking at your contract now. Nowhere does it say no refund. Also, I was supposed to have a feature from an artist.
Way to politicize Mother's Day! I hope mom likes your sentiment.
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead." --Charles Bukowski
thanks u too!
4 to 6 hr school dys, non-instructional after school programs adds to the problem as well.
try going to bed while its still the same day u woke up :)
im where every da money take me today
"I wasn't that drunk!" "Bro, you went to the train station, smashed yourself against the wall, while yelling, "Hogwarts here I come!
slatkarojas624 thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
Great to see you at #smbmad. You're doing a great job with the social media efforts at Keep up the good work!
Doesn't understand how fangirls work.
releasing my first tune on may 1st or if we can get to 1k followers, I'll pre-release it :)
Does anyone know if the Royal Albert Hall is lit up again? Cheers
I could start tweeting about how awful R is if you like.
having a 'this cheese is awful' moment after making three droid bases out of round cake pans
Just saw #Discovery fly right over the very cool!
This is day fuckin 8 in a row at work, but heading to Kentucky for breeders cup in the morning. Horses and bourbon watch the fuck out!
Dam a nigga goin hit 23 2morrow it feels good...thank God I made it this far
ill keep that in the back of my mind. (dick of death). Well, he should be here any moment now. C2C FTW!
Do I still get to have a shower if the thing I created with my poo nanny isn't a baby?
You're most welcome!! Sorry for the belated reply, just one of those weeks. Hope you're having a good one :-)
Volunteering at the Greater Chicago Food Depository today :)
lol yea huh
GO BROWNS!!!!
First day of work, here I come! (:
where do you think the line will settle for the SB?
word , I'll let you know when I send , gotta put em in little snippets !
Thoughts can be used one of two ways, like a Band-Aid or like a rubber band. Choose to stretch. ~Rhonda LaSha
Hate when my phone vibrates and I don't know why
Saw the DAZZLING Diana Ross in concert this evening. With vibrancy and grace she's still doing justice to the Motown legacy!
Time to go to <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> after I <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F> for my granddaddy gotta be up early at the <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5> <U+270C><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Rumor was u might not get the invite this yr, after last years antics. We all know HATES last min changes
You've gotta try the #free app from , especially the chat feature!
why should anyone have a problem with it..?? He lost, different people handle losses differently...he can do what he wants..
you are too kind. I am as ready as I can be.
Since 2006, the Badgers are now 4-0 vs "majors" and 5-5 vs "mid-majors" in the NCAA Tourney
how you be mister mister
Oh poor Amare, a helpless victim. It just jumped at him....I bet that fire extinguisher hasn't given him any shit since though.
"Life is a lesson in problem solving. So the question is not whether we will to encounter them but how we choose to address them"
i will try and see what i can make happen :)
Nice website, beautiful art.
Visual Intelligence's President and CEO will be attending the Latin America Geospatial Form.
I don't know. She just got to work so hopefully she will =/
#FF The Acid Pop Cult People
Bastiat: "This deification of Government has been in past times, and will be hereafter, a fertile source of calamities and revolutions."
Watch ABC5 after!!!
Canned Pears are the shit
fair enough. meanwhile, let's tweet about Bonanza.
good stuff. Disaster response is managing the chaos to provide help.
Took a nap and had the weirdest dream ever. O.o
Seeing someone you used to talk to all the time and wondering what happened.
Getting really excited for the next 5 days!
Hungry.. time to grub
A day in the life of a librarian: all haystack, no needle.
Nice! Thank you.
I Meant Mr. Whitton.
man, i know I've been single too long when I start crushing on a fictional character this hard.
When you need guy bartender hit me up I'm certified.
#TebowsPrayers a job opening at John Elway's car dealership
The 10xelerator program really pays off! Our inagural summer class has raised over 4.5m since the beginning of September of 2012!
- I don't know if I need anything else right now. I have a $500 GC - maybe LED panels + a lens? a bag? dunno.
Yes, can you do a little favor for me?
19 is young kid.
The nice library folks are having a going away party for me & they want to see the DVD of me on Jeopardy. I have mixed feelings about this.
I just realized it was Thursday. I thought it was Tuesday. #WhereTheFuckHaveIBeen?
What happend to our shirts? Everything was nice and folded when we shipped it haha
Call us today before it's too late, get the lighting you've always dreamed of for your home or business. Call us today at (630) 769-9999 !
Also I'm totally wearing a T-shirt with an American flag on it
well you gotta wait for that money man. I gotta give my other baby some money first lol
: So, bringing the customer out front of the vendor is key. Great tip for #PR professionals everywhere.
trustt is likee a book, it takess yearss to write it, buut only secondds for it to B U R N !
off to the Ingrid Michaelson concert!!
The most gifted pro choral singers crave extremely complex music of the highest quality. Glad to be of service! Composers: Keep em coming!
I can drive it. What is it?
are you going to have a new P.O. box?
Was hoping if I waited, line for greek food fest wouldn't be so bad... It's out to sidewalk (but moving quickly...ish.)
Thanks for the follow. We are so excited about what it's going to offer our local design community
Making such bad lane changing decisions, I'm considering just putting my car in reverse and driving backwards.
Quote of the Day "Give me a bowl of wine. In this I bury all unkindness, Cassius." ~Brutus from Julius Caesar Act IV Scene I.
I've also been reading the books. This coming from someone who NEVER reads fiction. They're amazing so far.
keep it going! check out the "Albert Fish" documentary....
Media event with TODAY 11am here at Rady 3020 Children's Way: how to prevent
Love it! RT : I'm drinking tea with honey to get my voice ready...
A good medical alert unit for a senior citizen is like a good working I-Phone for everyone else. Something they should always be with. :)
ah team AAU fights....
you should read soccernomics if you like salary caps.
Ikr me to!
It's Friday! Tomorrow is Saturday! After that comes Sunday!
Wyoming - here I come!!
that sounds perfect, J! Awesome! :)
I never thought that you be the one who hold my heart .
Even Meryl Streep hates me.
I should be sleep bt this movie on #LMN is 2 good. I have 2 see the end!
Isn't wonderful how we can have so much snow this morning and now it's so warm?
My actions today were no Me : But I Ride for Mines <3
Thanks for the MT about our Mother's Day brunch at We had a great turnout!! And thanks to all who came!
Gorgeous day at #CXNats - a great spectator sport next race at noon- see you in Verona
See for a good example of authentic fan engagement in social media.
lmao ahh I knew it. I'm always rite(: Best friend I look like a frog!!!!!!/:
In search of non-fiction #Book #Editors. Please DM with contact info and website url. Thx.
Followed , can you give me a shoutout ??
#thathorriblemoment when my purple pen dies
I just ate these hot chips & a Hersey's bar......my stomach so fucked up now =/ nasty after taste >.<
Haha these videos got me dumb weak
& you think everythings okay between us. Great friend.
Chippewa Co. Sheriff's reports a tornado touchdown near Big Ben, MN. There is damage to barns, silos and equipment. No one injured--yet.
I am too impulsive. I just had to dye my hair
Trying to overcome my craving for a lamb burger
You break the spelling rules, too, don't you? :P
Congrats on your first of many saves...
The rumor is that "Woodstock" is backwards compatible to Zune because Woodstock replaces the Zune Pass feature. Theoretically...
There's a Maine Senate candidate name Angus King. Who's he running against, the Hamburglar?
OMG The Phantom of the Opera is so sad and beautiful...God please let me be in just ONE Broadway show - it would be my dream come true!
Lunch with Brian Mannix
“: RT : Avg 24 year old will spend more time on Facebook than they will with their doctor in 20 years.
Hey...remember the boy band O-Town? Yup, didn't think so.
I got the Death Cure book!
will not connect
You can be that girl that always shows up in sun dresses.
it's a brand new day and i need a brand new reason to get naked and nasty on cam! wanna cum give it to me? chat and watch for free!
Interested in Copper on BBCA this summer.
so he is suppose to say he is going to have 0 titles and get tagged on for having no confidence hahah
Retweet If you have less than ten thousand followers . Simply just follow & she will help you gain with minutes
THE FUTURE is all ready in the Red Box. Really? Guess I'll do that tonight.
Just cuz I Don't Start The Conversation, Doesn't Mean I'm Not DYING 2 Speak 2 u .
Gud day so far it can only get better later :-)
no! lol selena is. i was tweeting what she said. she wrote drugs on her wall lol
The artist sometimes speaks about a work. The work always speaks about the artist.
Everyone should follow & get great insider info on the Women's Apparel Line & Athletes!
Finally remembered to bring my orange flavored liquid stevia into the gym so I could use it in my vanilla !
so many steroids!
they crazy just like you lol
Why does the entire cast of It's Always Sunny seem to yell all their dialogue?
Planets and stars are so bright tonight . . . they look fake.
I wish was here this week so he could see why he needs to go to IU!!
So glad you guys are okay!
I thank God for !
she bought the dress.
Making a penis cake. I know you're jealous!
Congrats You've won our Oct. drawing for a $50 gas card! New contest starts today - What should we give away for November?
#FF Thanks for your kind RT's and mentions
no fagot
TGIF! Got so much homework this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> off to bed, goodnight.
Been shooting bands with my new camera - puts me back in the game and have Cali in my sights. After that who knows? Hint Hint
I still miss seeing you sprinting to the mound at Miller Park. I wish you all the best!
Grab a Banana Walnut muffin with an iced Blueberry Rooibos tea on the way to work today.
RT : Expect the best, be prepared for the worst, fuck what others think and do your own thing.
tweet.com Lol
FACT: More parties occur around holidays than in the summer
Knowing myself I'll be celebrating by doing absolutely nothing:) orr going to my other job that I'm actually keeping -_-
when the next iPhone is out. Yes.
Wait, someone really suggested that you're a reincarnation of Nujabes? That's kinda bananas
We should get together soon.
Fans are twice as valuable as the general population. Reach generator allows people to tell little stories over your stories
has made a dream come true(: haha
Wow is right >RT : Wow… and #G+ may take on webinar market by releasing Hangout Air for everyone
Couldn't thank enough for coming out and helping with makeup today!! She always has my back!! (: always fun shooting!!
Stupid Drunk
Your welcome(:
So live with men as if God saw you and speak to God, as if men heard you. ~ Seneca
The Trinity job? Excited for you for that!
i laughed when i read that!
Many Who Pose in Facebook as and !! I Hate The Fakes of Facebook ¬¬
don't forget about Ryan Braun's Graffito! Been celebrating all evening with Happy Hour specials all night & all day tomorrow! :)
Follow , RT this (use in tweet) and enter to win 12 coupons of VOSKOS Greek Yogurt. 5 winners. Ends 5pm PT.
okay, thanks ma.
i'm not ready to call it a movement. but I am ready for megapaw. Megapaw inbreeding is BAD news. It leads to ultrapaw.
cute.....and you do have an adorable smile!!
To be used as a weapon or snack?
we look forward to your tweets!
I was talking to Wei, asking him where that pool was. You're in Singapore now? You actually going to pool?
#imagine - Austin dm'd you saying: I was looking in my followers and I saw you. I would love to get to meet you more. Here's my number -Ally
Like really...it's turnin red & burning =/
No: DROPPED MY DAMN PHONE
Skip, I work for the United States Air Force! I am so faithful to recording your show everyday! Could I get a TEE SHIRT :)
O.O! Charlie Rhodes & Ivy Dickens = 2 bitches...
i swear!! I need another pack!!
maybe so lol but it was definitely not my kind
: sounds good, I love thrillers
Snow yesterday, sun today? Gotta luv that #ColorfulColorado <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
That looks so awesome! Yes! Congrats :)
you still down here?
That twitter beef crapp it's fucking hilarious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Bout to hit tha L store, grab a different telly n go out tonight.....yezziir
So proud of my Union leaders! boards, reps, Volunteers, staff United!
I'M TAKING MY TALENT TO DALLAS
RT : keep doing what you're doing! See u on the road...
Its weird to think that everyone you will ever see has their own story from the day they were born and they will be the only person to e ...
how tall are you?
Well I'll show you the ones we DONT choose for the album(:
There's Jim Boeheim wondering why the refs didn't accept his bribes this time around.
Please contact our customer service at for further assistance.
Now following
doing some appreciating of past teachers on fbook and realized how connected I still am w/so many whove impacted my life. Yay social media!
Craziest night of my life.
Chinese food tonight???
I have to ask my parents & make sure they'll let me go too! Lol
my wrap dress for work and play :) I love it!
had an awesome time at the athletic training competition, met a lot of new cool people :)
GOOD chillin after such a #BUSY semester
RT : #Pause , Why The Hell Is Raequel Talking In Her Sleep Lhh !
The NBA All-Star reserves will be announced Thurs. Among the players who could be tabbed by a vote of NBA coaches is Heat forward Chris Bosh
I CAN'T WAIT to to start hazing the new pledges at hell week. "Eat your own dog food" isn't just a figure of speech around here.
We have some pretty cool interviews coming up! Stay tuned =]
If you interviewed on November 28, 30, December 5 or 7, you will receive an admission decision by Friday, December 16!!
Ah...the spice of life! You're making me blush!
Bud light platinums get you fucked up
why are you so tan right now?!?!
My mind is trending So excited to see him tonight at
yea, me like website too ... got caught up in the music!
can't wait to see today- the have shoot around at 1pm. Loving ABQ. Best of luck to you in the tourney.
You are now through the looking glass!
sry to hear that, but you'll have a big supportive group joining you on Pennsylvania Ave!
nice! It was a lot of fun. I only have off on Saturdays but I got to spend the day playing with my daughter and wife =)
I don't think we came up with an answer, no. Maybe I'll RT myself, as it's been a year.
So by the time the bar closes n u feel like falling down, id carry u home,, tonight
Don't let mold stop you from having a beautiful home! Make sure you have the right company to help you remove mold when you need it!
Beneficiaries - , , , , , & Urban Rest Stop & Senior Services
yea it was..
Meek Mill's Dreamchasers 2 is tight, but Logic's Undeniable is way better.
Registering for classes today :)
Don't forget we sell our bottle opener t's wholesale... Give us a holler for details
The official Women's Olympic Track & Field uniform will be daisy dukes and halter tops.
Sending out HP Newsletter tomorrow and running a facebook ad campaign next while I am on vacation. I'll post results daily.
And my twitter is still sending dumba** messages smh. Ignore them plz.
aw you're the best. Love ya too :)
Favre RT Ted Thompson on his cell phone. Is he calling agent for tryout player offering contract? Practice almost over.
Are YOU prepared for your next vacation? Patrick's Sunscreen towelettes are great for air travel!
I can never eat enough food.
Balsamic vinegar in pasta sauce? you are a genius! Cherry tomato sauce is my new fav!
When will people say enough? Grassley, McConnel,etc. Do your jobs & shut your ignorant mouths! .Why can't you show respect for the POTUS,
And good luck!
#AskRyan Are you going on tour any time soon?
Oh yeah I want it. whatever it is. ;) ahahah <3
Woo long day. What's happening, bitches?
ADM Mullen: Hire our veterans and their families! They will be a huge asset to your company.
Why was the centipede dropped from the insect football team ?He took too long to put his boots on !
This tweet made me giddy.
Another perfect day <3 #Goodnight :)
Check it out: Jennifer Egan's "A Visit From the Goon Squad" wins the 2011 Pulitzer Prize for fiction.
i did the same thing with made of honor a few months back
bring some chips the and whisky :)
i just read your bio since you followed me. i have got to say.. you sound like my evil twin.. hahaha.
The prompts are entirely YOURS to play with. Pick ones you want answer. Browse the 2011 monthly prompts.
they told me the whole description
I love Taylor Swift to the most sparkling star and back. <13
Long awaited update in the making! Stay tuned.
she is - thanks :)
LOL RT : Lebron suppose to do that lol. Let's see in crunch time
McNaughton -- having CMC streamlines procurement process for management consultants
And Is Yo La' Ugly Ass Mad? Dats How Yu Know Yo TL Weak...Im All Yu See; Thot Ass La Girl.
RT : Issues of race, gender, disability have to be examined in their own right.Very difficult 2 address them all under
the cleaning is not as huge as the exfoliating!
I retweeted so I get a follow back ehh? :D
long haired devon Rex
: THE PULSE PRESENTS TECH N9NE AND MURS LIVE IN CONCERT AT MARQUEE THEATER TONIGHT!!!! TEXT 9 to 98336 for YOUR tix!
as long as we've got no place to go...let it snow let it snow let it snow!
/hits the canned laughter button.
yeah, see my previous tweet for actual content.
Why can't things that are good for you taste like ice cream?
NAP has a new background and new NO LIMIT attitude.
ok love is your boss working tuesday ?
“: It's midnight in Nashville. Do you know where your cold beer is? HOLLA” it's right here.... Well in the frig!!
well after my good kick start to the day at 6 am with a 5 hour hike....i'd say it's nap time.
Is it me or does Toby Anstis sound like a gay
Keep it down over there we are trying to make some maps!
I'd love to teleport across country and have my morning coffee on Mom's deck in country Maine. That woman can make a story out of ANYTHING!
Pleasures are shallow, sorrows deep.
get me currensy's autograph.!!!...not!
cool :D <3
Rouge Visitor Center open today and next week but Dearborn Truck Plant is on holiday break so no truck production until Jan 3.
Harbor no hate against those who are misguided in their perception of you. Continue to be good and kind. Pray for them. Amen.
On a positive note for tonight, I came home to a made bed. Win?
Outlaw Nation is on the 311 Cruise!!!!!
problem is that Hip Hop fails to inform us that some people r artists and others just entertain. Let's keep it real!
Company road trip?
Despite not bein as new and hip as maybe some of the newer joints like aria Cosmo wynn etc, no place seems 2 match foot traffic of Bellagio
Really nerding out researching Wet Plate Collodion process right now. Damn, I love being a photographer!
not gonna take pleasure in people I dislike having misfortunes, just gonna count my blessings and smile at where I am in life
So will Instagram users have to have Facebook accounts? We saw the backlash with Spotify. Some people don't want Facebook accounts.
Damn i wish it was 10 pm already.
I'm I the only one who finds the song the climax by usher annoying ?
I was going to say 2001.
There are four things a child needs: plenty of love, nourishing food, regular sleep, and lots of soap and water. - Ivy Baker Priest -
so is my mother..
As a family, we had a code, which was to do the right thing, do it the best we could, never complain, and never take advantage. -Margaret Tr
Honor the child in you who needs to play, or even to remember how to play. The spirit and faith of a child is a doorway to life.
A great likemind today - thanks for all the new folks who came out to join the regulars!
great panel! Thanks for taking my question.
you need to go on AGT with that song. It's a HIT!!!
I had an excellent meal at this evening, including the amazing Oatmeal-Imperial Stout 'B.O.R.I.S. The Crusher'
should be. No plans I can think of.
Decently Funny #103 - Alki David is one in a billion
Not yet capable of running to catch a bus.
The Black Stallion is on TCM. Obviously I must stop everything and watch it for the 1000th time.
My boyfriend has a weird fetish, he likes to dress up like himself and act like an asshole every night
Watching a supercool show on HBO called Masterclass. Edward Albee is doing a critique group with young playwrights!
Alright Broxton, let's go!
Kind words working wonders here
Easter is now on par with Valentines day as far as sales. $16.8 billion. What are you buying?
Thank you as well! Looking forward to your tweets!
As the playoff picture stands the Pacers are the only higher seed that hasn't won the regular season series vs. their opponent (Magic).
HUGE difference: Cars actually USE the MU interchange. Be honest, how many will realistically ride the streetcars?
To breathe
I got you and awww I miss you ! <3 :)
You Aint the only one but that was last year they threw out the case for me doe
It is going to be awful cold for the 5k on thursday
I'm 100% okay with the picks, but it would be nice to have Stephen Hill/Alshon Jeffery in between.
#whippingman WOW WOW WOW this is total package, stellar in every facet. Congrats to and team!
Dude. Check the loop -- you are famous.
Totally slept for over an hour on the #bus to #Philadelphia. Now, i can attest that the cherry trees are blossoming in #CherryHill. Coffee?
We are very excited that we will be neighbors with the Museum of Photographic Arts in Balboa Park during our six-week exhibition this fall!
I hope it rains tomorrow <U+2614><U+2601>
I'm dragging my sorry "9pm = too tired to function" to the gym. Gimme 5 miles body, time to stop whining!!!
Watching 10 learn broad sword weapon form at martial arts. With this being prom weekend for 17, it may come in handy!
What a shame. Donald Trump outbid us on the Kluge estate. And then Bank of America outbid him. Good thing we love our office in Ivy Square.
Great show live from ! Now time to relax and enjoy the rest of day!
no way!
": I need to start eating healthier. But first, I need to eat all the junk food in my house
sorry to hear! cool bout the new music!
boyzaresexy 8 "they're going to change the world, and my life" and they did IB- Mikey <U+E32A>
THAT WAS BEAUTIFUL! IM IN TEARS!
Congrats Jake...awesome.
stuffed pumpkin = success!
Tim Street - did frenchmaids.tv (Aisha Tyler -- "It's important!")
#Rangers in 2OT RT : Game 7 #Rangers #Caps tonight. Who ya got?
is sexy af.
I need followers...so those following me n whom im following...plz ask ur followers to follow me...
College Football Predictions: Afternoon game Baylor @ OK St; OK St -14.5 and the under 81.5
Break out your '70s photos & post them on the Pops' Fbook wall for the chance to win VIP treatment at Sunday's concerts. How sweet it is!
I miss you more. Wish I was with you now.
LGO. H BD.
best day of the year!
Making friends with Milwaukee soccer fans.
Actually gonna sit down and #READ! #Fml! I need to seriously start writing again
Live life. Love, laugh, learn. If you're not happy with yourself, there's no way you can make anyone else happy.
Math is lame. I liked it better when I went to sleep last period.
right? So so good
OMG Harper already has been on cover of Sports Illustrated. Harold Reynolds, "This is baseball's Justin Bieber" - not helping me like him
I have finished my book, but Pablo is asleep on me and I can't get up. Help? My butt is also asleep.
I am a Rose Award Nominee this year because of my tours. Maybe we can get you ghosts nominated someday.
DIG IT. Dig it with a heavy shovel as a means of paying rent when you don't understand the provisions. STUpid
Congrats to Taylor Bothwell, Brian Borromeo, Matthew la Magna, Charlie Morton, and Superk169 on winning tickets to #GtownSpringSing! /te
come party with me at pink elephant tonight!
Debating should i go through the phne wat u think twitter
we shall see you soon! looking forward to it
Ever want to shred rejection letters? That's exact what artist Nava Lubelski does. Hear her talk @ SECCA, Thurs., May 17, 7 pm. FREE
Happy birthday and happy campaign trails.
Tonight we bring the ruckus. Tonight we all let go get LOUD. Jack Bar. 10:30. That's the place to be tonight. -dg
That is all. </hornselftweeting>
Welp I'm just guna do this myself
4AM & City Heights is starting to wake up. Walking on Uni and the entire St smells like fresh tortillas. Lots walking to work/bus stops
Thanks for being a part of our Taco Tuesday!
Best thing about being Cubs fan is there is always HOPE!
What would you like to see us tweeting about more? Tweet us what you'd like!
This guy and his internet friends are targeting pro Jewish/Israel people as antisemites. hilarious
I had to switch,from blue to bud, sad day ...they dont have blue down here:(
Hello world...
Shorter Romney - "I will say whatever you want me to say."
Dear Rite Aid, please hire me. Sincerely, Frankie.
Eating pizza and trying to make a video!
i read genres as well, well one of them, and i find it helpful but i am curious about numbers
let the grading begin!
2many parents state,"I give up" 2 easily; but we mentors & exceptional teachers must step in & RAISE the child--literally.
Kurt Metzger will speak today at the Michigan Redistricting Collaborative's educational forum called Draw the Line Michigan
The Lakers / Nuggets game is on TNT, but the channel guide says Con Air. How fitting.
I respect that success quote :)
": Kiss me, I'm Bohemian!"this one is good!
I'll have to ask the boss man. I'll let ya know.
Help this man! RT : My two-month-old has been in the shop for two weeks now. They've taken apart the motor twice
“: people go to dallas and change *looks at oomf”o
gets props for pushing the envelope in digitizing materials from
Hope everyone is having a wonderful day! Help spread the word about "Carnival" on the facebook! And tell a friend if you'd like too:-) RT!
Reviews are coming in! Get your tickets now while the going's good! OR.... Pay what you can tonight at 730! Tickets at the door!
If a window of opportunity appears, don't pull the shade. --Tom Peter
how you doin?
why not?!?! *whining*
If you call don't be frustrated at me, just leave your heart at the beep cause mine is harder to reach. Cause mine is harder to see..
Converting an old PowerPoint into a good Prezi is hard work, but I don't think this tool will help much. Better to start from scratch.
hm im fine. Wby?
The sis comes to vegas 2night!!!! Hide your sons hide your bfs! Its about to go down!
Just received the book GRACEWORKS by my friend in the mail. I'll post quotes during my read to encourage y'all. Thx, Tony!!
Sometimes i dont mind grocery shopping, i mind how much i spend. Ugh.
You guys, I just want to hang out at the dog park by myself with a pocket full of treats. Is that so wrong?
"The best way to get two pieces of a rocket to separate is to tell one that the other's been sleeping with a spaceship from work."
recommendations for unique concert or play venues? Which are a "must experience" and must see?
I wish! It's my parents yard.
Wow that's weird. I was about to head over to the library, but maybe I'll wait...
Never thought I would make it to 27, but look at me now!
We love Miami! Many of the bands who play there can't wait to return! Thanks Miami!
Um...coffee. soon.
lol let me guess, I RTed it to late? Haha :)
I Have Become Who I Hope That You Were.
xD lawl make sure to say hai to me I'll be here and I'll be waiting for you bryan. Lol also I'm the only one in line xD
Women are devious
then goodluck ever getting anybody else to believe it! and that's so not fair! all my family is tall and big boned<3
Happy Presidents Day!!! I regret to inform you there are no good perks for this holiday.
tj's candy cane green tea is the new guayakí yerba mate is the new rooibos tea latte is the new tazo wild sweet orange
recording Performance and Interview tonight on E>N>E:Chicago Rocks. Airs this Wednesday on comcast/rcn/wow
dam my hairs a little to long!
Because we're filthy animals
FUN HOME was the first graphic novel I read and didn't expect to like it. Now I recommend it over and over. So great!
I'm not much for shopping, but that's an errand I'd enjoy!
Thanks for the RTs
you may have to wait a long long time
Great to have two TV clients succeed at same time tonight: XFactor and CNN Debates. And both trending topics too!
Kanye Jay and Wiz are THE BEST RAPPERS ALIVE okay.... kay.
that's some dopeness right there. And for a rainy day?
just noticed ur last tweet asked me a question lol. Im going tonight, and hopefully second round too
I'll be 23 years old in 4 days! #yikes!
Good morning #bartab! How was everyone's weekend? Hope everyone got their fix of $1 drinks! Now to look forward to #MNF and more $1 drinks!
disagree. The turnovers were WAY put of wack last year. A return to a league average would be 2-3 more wins
Who is uber confused ... Oh yea
Sitting at DFW. Vegas bound!
i am
we're not releasing that until the day of the event! :)
yes indeed!
sisters,sisters!
WTF this is not supposed to happen! The one thing that was certain so we could move is now disintegrating. So pissed off right now!
making a soundtrack for english... this might be the only assignment i like cause i get to listen to music all night long! :)
Awesome rehearsal last nite!!! Very talented people doing wonderful work - both on the stage and behind it. I'm grateful and honored.
So sad to hear about Whitney Houston. My mom took me to her concert when I was 5 at Jones Beach on L.I, 1st concert ever for me.
I wish I could get a tweet from Kim Zolciak!! :)
LOL good one!
I still don't get why you'd be your best friend's BROTHER's best man...
wondering if upgrade to more recent versions of drupal/contrib would help. don't have time to work on it though right now :/
This morning I was one of the lucky ones... I went into a full-fledged "piranha frenzy mode" ... Continued next tweet
Obama EPA appointee Lisa Jackson to the nation. Nothing to see here, move along. With a Jedi wave of the hand,)
If it can go wrong today it will.. I just feel like crying.
#idsa2010: core 77 is a steam room, sticky but resfreshing
thanks. Sadly only chance to try it.
Any past articles on design and marketing for selling one-of-a-kind products?
eeekkk me too! 18 years strong :) what channel will this be on?
All I hear is bullshit coming out of your mouth!
Being a Directioner, Mahomie, RNGeezies, Beileber, Angel, &having Collins Cold. Is hard work!
you're welcome!
Colin unveils guitar w/ solidarity sticker on it and sings "why we fight". I tear up. Beautiful.
Looking forward to 3rd Annual CA Fashion Association "Economic Crystal Ball" at CityClub DowntownLA...
Mike TV was my favorite of the misbehaved kids invited to the Wonka Factory.
thanks for the bday wishes :)
I hear you. Growing up in SF Bay there's a de facto inclusion of bkgnds. There's a new cultural revolution in progress, yeah?
why is studying so much better when u have snacky food?
Me quietly : 2 bad B**ches! " AT THE SAME DAMN TIME!!!" lol
Steelers took a big mean white boy
Close call. Searching for a lost cell phone is one way to kill time at the airport, but I don't think I'd care to do that again.
hi!!! Things are good, how are you? DC spring has been gorgeous!! How's IL? Will I see you at Julie's wedding in August?
Frank DeFord talking about sports teams as "team care." What a new, refreshing perspective.
Airsoft - SWAT VS Terrorists thx :O
Good luck to all of the 2012 Miss Nevada International contestants competing this evening!
Dog hurling/shooting poo @ 3am & 5am. Cat hacking up wet food twice in the last 1/2 hour. Today looks like a good day to run away from home!
I hate that I can't retweet you. -_- but I didn't realize we were going canal-ing? & lucky smells like poop.
Some outstanding panel members have been on these panels in the past, and this one is no exception!
Big trend #byod to work - massive use of smartphones, mobile devices. Opportunities and challenges for IT. Dave Smoley Flextronics
Just witnessed the 6 worst minutes of basketball in NBA history, 8 total points in over 6 minutes
i like geeking. Actually, I should introduce you to — she's interested in getting those ideas into schools
What is this?
Selena Gomez better watch out for
That depressing feeling you get when u realize u have school the next morning…
of course!
(cont'd) This leaves little room for error since the higher tones are easier to pick out by ear. Either play 808s in the "bell" sounding
Ok I'm putting my phone down dude lol
love the pic.
taking couple photos for amber and vaaron
Phenomenal pick. Couldn't be prouder of Kuechly
looks good
it wouldn't have worked though because Rey don't weigh the same amount and it would flip over
$100 off when you book a photo booth or green screen in addition to your band or DJ. Call us today to take advantage of this great offer!
Last football game ever..
Run, exercise, do acting, play video games, read, write study, play basketball and baseball
I never noticed follower count but I think it is odd how many repins I have from the same people who don't follow me.
Who got me on gas when I tun out?
just be careful out there
We have a ghost walking tour on Friday in Westfield if you are interested and have time :-D
Which Hyundai model is your favorite and why?
Its okay. you'll grow out of your baby face phase soon :p
The Organization I just started? I'm a tad confused?
Game this morning
congrats bruh! The sky is the limit for you.
I know, right!
Better question is are YOU? Dodgers are #1 team in baseball and they're at home. In the words of John Wayne, bring yer lunch.
We're shooting a video for "what's really happening" today.
That's not a thing, right? But thank you, I think.
what? Lol All I know is when I asked what that was he laughed hysterically
Happy Birthday To Trayvon Martin ! #RIPTrayvon ! I feel like crying because the whole death thing gets to me
“: And I exapecially love #alot” go to English class
There’s a magic in the air around us, we all have the sudden urge to bake...
A sure sign of the economic slowdown: we don't get an #iPhone5, we get only an
#oomf got a shitload of sprinkles (;
I feel like Im in a very good position right now gotta find a way to work harder if thats possible though
what. is.
anyways lol <3 S/O ALL MY HATERS .
I will make sure to put a good word for you if someone needs interior design.
We have the HOTTEST and SEXIEST shoot brewing for tomorrow!! Will send some teasers from the shoot tomorrow from set ;-)
Reeve Foundation is doing amazing things to help people living with paralysis. PLEASE DONATE. I did. bit.ly/powerofwe
:( RT : reading some men’s reaction to article on brogrammers affirms the recalcitrant culture and mentality. Sad.
RU planning to take public transit () to #sdp2p at the ?
Thx for the conversation. I only push b/c it is such a challenging topic &requires more convo and some deep thinking.
PACERS BITCHES!!!!!!!
Obama Isn't Paying Attention to Small Businesses' Needs, NFIB Says
your welcome. And that's what im going for, giving people that tingly feeling.
aww ok I was thinking am I missing out on her new vids or what?
Good thing you're all talking about the new Google+ design. Now I can see it and go back to never going there.
Mawwiage... RT : The future, man. RT : RT : Just went to a wedding where the pastor read off an ipad
What I think she means is, "That's an amazing drawing. Thank you!" :)
Wanna Shoot A Video For Dis Song...Ridin In A Old School Cutlass...Smokin Purple Kush Wit A Styrofoam Cup
congrats on your award!
Happy weekend!!!
oh no. i was wondering if you were sad.
No offense to y'all but I feel a bit gifted, so I think my odds are about 50/50
Oxfords on Zappos are so beautiful, so expensive.
...please come to Orlando...play and let me open for you! :)
Dick so big all these bitches pussys is throbbin (;
Hey—where'd it go?
i love your laugh.
Well, well, well
...so, Meryl Streep wins all the Oscars.
Render render render out of memory error
What do you mean??
Pulled a hella bad muscle today at practice
RT For a ship with which Boyz !!!:D
I'm am eating my feelings away. They taste delicious.
President #Obama announces he SUPPORTS marriage equality. Take that, North Carolina!
Awww Happy Friday, Allard. Keep warm up there! =) (LOL I know I'm starting to sound obsessed with the cold in RI...!)
You don't have to choose between high quality exhibitions and community outreach programs. Museums should offer both.
Glad to hear it, Spencer.
The Vow was a pretty good movie, was kind of expecting more.
The things I'm willing to do to her I wish I could a threesome wit two of her
HEY FOLLOW MY NEW PAGE
Your assignment that is due tomorrow is described on slide 15 of the creative brief/creative process power point labeled 9/16.
Okay kids this is your VERY last chance to see/buy pieces from the Little Things Love Show!! You've got until 3 pm <3 Ready GO!!
What's all this pet food for? Fiber.
Gotta do whtcha gotta do...
CAN WE ALL JUST TAKE A MOMENT TO THANK AUSTRALIA FOR THIS!?
'The Fall' is the shit.
Just finished book on JSOC. Interesting, but I'm not sure reporting directly to the Pres and SecDef = unaccountable unit.
I hate not being able to sleep!
hey girl hey!!
Love Fashion? Come check us out! www.lebury.com Happy Shopping! Linda Bury
Check out miku-tan on YouTube! I love her singing. She's awesome in person.
Hiya Dave... Still in Denver?
#science is as cool as Can I hear an amen?
A great show from the UK, The Waiting Room, has just started. If you like music you've never heard before this is a great show.
Late-season snow for mtns, rain for Denver. Yes, it snows all year round in Colorado.
hahaha right...im slonely boo..my bait consists of Psychology classes
Running into home coming pictures and thinking how did everything get so bad?
having a hard time setting up this Slingbox SOLO. Not sure if it's Comcast, the netgear router, or the slingbox itself.
Tru this is, much to learn u have , but plenty ill u are & dont buy Facebook stock
I'm @ Fashion Show Mall
not done yet! I can just see what it's turning out like. Promise I'll tweet you a pic.
It was that very situation. Horrible, yet brilliant hahaha
Tatted up new haircut new hat new clothes other than my tat hurting like a motherfucker I can't really complain : )
thanks! The Leverhulme wasn't location-specific, so I spent it in various US archives.
You, too! Friends again. Honestly, I try to steer clear of crap and be interesting and informative.
I've tried & used both, Ubercart SSL is much more stable & maintainer much more helpful & open to feature requests.
I need to get me some of that~
Yes, agree! Brilliant!! ;-)
3. Going to Mars is historic, and whoever does it will make history. It is truly a chance for glory and immortality for those who do it.
Herbal funfetti cake >>>>
Did you do problem 27
that's good, if its just ur eyes then its probably something that got in ur eye or outside
The unintended consequence of using GPS as a metaphor for actionable analytics: it implies you don't stop and ask for directions.
It's just RONIN & HECKLER & KOCH this summer.
her cousin lol
He hurt his (shin) so he will be out for a while.
The way Niall says 'clouded'.
TORNADIC ... Didn't it snow last week?
Really? #ShamrockShake is trending number one in Mke... sad.
god hates me
Omg kaitlyn almost killed me in a parking lot :o
I could use ur one million, but I'm sure the starving kids deserve it more than me :(...I loved ur first response lol
URGENT ANNOUNCEMENT -- Adele shows on Sat 10th + Sun 11th Sept have been postponed due to illness. Please spread the news and RT. Thanks....
The hardest thing was leaving MKE. Now that I'm gone all the hard decisions seem way easier
I may be mistaken, but I think #sportingkc fans are excited for the game.
I've missed YOU!! Why does Friday seem like forever ago? I can't wait to see you!!
We will b on Main Street tomorrow (Tuesday) downtown Greenwood at the parking lot between Bobs Garage and the Baptist Church. C U there 11-3
Iove you son
Good morning new friends
I bet if you told Mark Reynolds that Joe DiMaggio hit 361 homers while striking out only 369 times, his head would explode.
we wish this too!!!
In order for my Results to be Consistent with my Declarations, I must have Alignment with my Activity and my Declarations.
Waking up sometimes can be hard. Some silly tricks that I feel work is put your alarm further away from you so you have to get up
no its either chase now or never.....the guy is a beast
okay.... How do you keep your shoes so clean and keep them looking brand new...? I don't understand haha! I ruin my shoes! :P
Breaking news! You can avoid paying svc fees for this wed show 8/26 @ Blossom w Creed by buying the day of show using Promo Code FullCircle
GSA spending scandal: It comes from the top down
5 year old is making my night. Just had to take her wonder notebook (composition book for recording all her wonders) off her sleeping self.
much like the jews of jedwabne ill never be the same.
Rocking out to The Clash
hey everyone spread the word !
Members Card Heat under 186 (15 units)
I am Le tired...why am I at school?
nm just getting ready to go to school then celebrate my birthday you
Excited to see tonight at #CityWinery in NYC
Oh gawd this is AWFUL...
Officially a case of fuckington!!
how's the house hunting?
We dropped on Cashin Out before any of y'all new about that shit hahaaha.
haha my sister and I have been talking about how messed up our upbringing was and grandpa comes up a lot
Ok iMedicalApps archived theirs in PDF that they posted on their site. Not practical for us & 5 day meeting
Thanks!! Glad to see some Chicago sites up there.
Calling it a night tweeties sweet dreams and lots of kisses and love muaaaahhh
I hope you successfully figured out world domination
Lmmfao and You are!!
Who will be at tonight's meeting? 7pm in 126
Okay? I See Now Why I Did..
Good Morning! Started my day off right w/some yoga. May your day be blessed!
When life brings you lemon, squirt it on the enemy's eyes!!!!!
Damn... Gamel done. Brewers need a guy at 1st.
This day been so stressful im tryin my best to fall asleep
No i didnt know that
miss u babe.. hope school is going well..
the only one in my news feed brave enough to be tweeting about the lakers
Coach I apologize for not giving you and your champion Lady Bulldogs congratulations earlier today! Job well done and deserving.
It's not a problem. Just let us know :)
I second that emotion.
Yea, the Optishot looks pretty cool!
she said thanks
Excited about the weekend!
Ladies that natural look is not for all y'all
Congrats to the success of the this past week here in Colorado
So gutless on his part.
wow it must be a great feeling, I loved seeing my baby for the first time on ultrasound it must be a great job
Life is 2 short not 2 B cool. So I'm gonna LIVE TWEET tattooing me on Sun the 29th
same. i should go back to bed and cry mysellf to sleep
Hey!!! I call no swoops
Ugh! I have rug burn!
So good to hear!!! thank you for the update
Back in 2007, national security was totally devastating. You don't remember that?
Leap year.. What did you do with your extra day?
Second Hand Smoke
A baserunner. First by either team since top of 4th.
So eggggcited for our dinner date tonight at Carabbas! It is going to blow OG out of the water, promise!
. Hmm... any background on the separation of craft/act of making/crafting as necessary human endeavor from everyday life?
ok! Do it
2 months from today we have basketball practice ! Of course I can't go because I have to work !
Thrice is having a farewell tour? Major bummer.
Welcome to Rochester, Julie Taymor! We're so glad you're here!
thanks(: ditto
#celebrityapprenticeau goose bumps
Sleeping naked..
Haha, I'm gonna follow u just cause u tweeted that. #Lol RT #whywouldyou not be following silly!
well now.. It would BUT I'm struggling right now buddy :p
taking my core classes first, this summer I'll have one left & room for others - I'll check LSC 756 out!
We concur! RT Isn't this just the picture of summer! Our featured in White Sangria! Delicious
#cotto Good! It's a different story when there's no plaster in the gloves
Poetryslam at angels gate cultural center tomo. Starts @ 4 and is about
Cool. I've linked to Haim's previous safety videos on my libguides, so I'll add this one.
its not dress down tomorrow
we are all for that!
Sleeping under Mexico's night sky and now making breakfast burritos. Great start to a great last day in Baja!
your fantasy team looks awesome. Only about 60 points behind me.
Wow! what an amazing person you are to know :)
very cool! Do you also help educate adults on finances?
my wife hate Big Bang Theory for just that reason, I really like it but I am a geek at heart
When are grades gonna be up? They were due today at noon but does anyone know when they're supposed to be released?
thanks for the follow !
Don't bitch at me for "backing out" of something when every time I try making plans with you, you back out. Why I still try is beyond me.
Ok, where's the AZ #sytycd tour date?
you couldve been doing them!! but thats good keep yourself busy
Launching my #Americanaccent App for #Korean #Japanese & #Chinese people. The #American #dialect explained. Did I use too many #s?
So major! ": #soundtracking to the Arcade Fire, ALWAYS makes me think of mi Amiga <3"
Craving some Chick-fil-a? The Council is selling chicken sandwiches & chips for lunch next Wed! Stop by Student Services for your ticket!
bitches ain't shit and they can't say nothin a hundred mother fuckers can't me nothin I beez in the trap beez beez in the trap
still looking... hoping to land something now that a date is set
I would check with or They streamed online; should have it.
we really appreciate that!
will do!
Love it! Friday the 13th is a lucky day!
Compromising doesn't mean faking.
Spent all day with Lucas, now tired as fuck! Sleep? Nahh.
Enjoying the Top 100 dinner! Congrats to all the outstanding students, and especially Michelle Wickham of Communication Studies!
Tell me about it .. Groan.
Good Morning, Have a Terrific Tuesday and Spread Love!!!
Thanks for the mention, Kay.
Where's everyone watching the Puppy Bowl?
Thanks for the follow, Katy! Are you apartment hunting in Chicago soon?
I can make it thru this week and a half days left of school.. but this alternative school stuff killing me..
Seems like some partisan tweeting in light of Gannett's recent war on journalists who expose themselves as having opinions. :)
Nothing much. On my way to church!
It needed to be +36 for you to even compete... Glad you had it at -8..
OMG THE BEATLES ARE LIKE TOTALLY BUZZING RIGHT NOW I WONDER IF THEY'RE GONNA GET SIGNED THEY'RE THE FUCKING JAM RIGHT NOW (via )
Stopping at grocery at 1:30am not a good plan. Lesson learned.
I'm thinking Nashville... or Chicago... or Vancouver! cc:
So many great movies this weekend... Water for Elephants, The Lion King, and The Prince and Me.
you're a stitch!!! Hahahah ;)
I love this weather. Ollie and I did a great run in my new sneakers!! Big sewing night tonight!!
It was courage, faith, endurance and a dogged determination to surmount all obstacles that built this bridge. John J. Watson
you never get anywhere for feeling sorry for your self...
GOP Congress at it again, holding up aid to hurricane victoms by insisting on cutting essential funding to alt. energy programs to fund aid
Thanks for the "Stairway to Heaven," -- it's been awhile!
did you unfollow me? :l
hey!! Long time. How is everything in aa these days?
"The coldest winter I ever spent was summer in San Francisco." -Mark Twain. It's up to 57 degrees now, but it was chilly earlier!
A superlative idea.
Heard in st regis montana "huge fucking brown bear, right on nancy's porch."
“: Trust requires unanswered questions.”
1215 ( magna carta), 1588 (defeat of Spanish Armada) and the year beginning the Industrial Revolution (varies).
Can't wait to hit up Madagascar with next summer.
anyone else on a , , , , and everything else wonderful binge? Bc this girl sure is! #helpme!
Hmm, not sure what happened, but I was unfollowed on several people. Fixed now though....
Congrats to Robert Griffin I, 2011 Heisman Winner!
I wonder what he does to you and why u are married to him and not js being my ho
Hi Swisher!!!
How do you know you wouldn't have gotten these customers anyway?
Students have booked national and regional commercials.
RT : Less than a month to vote! Vote YES on SAGAFTRA Merger! Every vote counts!!
Is #PeterCetera writing his own tweets again? Oh I wish.
all of a sudden i have a craving for some #JamaicanFood ....Donna's or Country Walk??
Harbaugh was vocal in his belief that the #ravens needed more bodies at the O-line. We'll see if his voice carries weight
People from my past made me who I am today. taught me how to stand up for myself, and taught me to be me.
Yes, please share. RT : explain.
Thx RT : gives some of the best advice I suggest everybody to follow if you want to hear some great things.
Dave and Amanda in Madison? Wonder if it is the couple I know? Last name starts with Z?
will there be AO shirts for sale at Johnny's tonight?? Only have #SKC gear!
Finding lots of great Smithsonian Folkways field recording releases on emusic: trains, underwater stuff, junkyard, sounds of satellites...
- Great food & lots of awesome tips!
Yeah, but he specifically said momentum does not exist in baseball.
thanks;) it was really great to meet you briefly!
Looking for a Premuime Group of 10 web masters to creat a master rotation program, wlll intergrate Lalrry Loiks (Velocity). REALLY !
I'm in Anthro class just waking ^ from my power nap and the teacher is speaking on bipedal hominoids and things of that nature. Oh goodness.
First time attempting to buy on all I get is "Oops! That page doesn't exist"
But for how long?
no you're mean and rough :p
and thank you !
Tell me how your show was last night?!?!?!?.
Upload to Soundcloud and add a link?
Bout to tear the hell outa the bar 2night with my boy downtown denver.
AH the labor conversation now haunts!
I wish there was a Boggle app. I would totally play that.
RT Tonight I am playing a short acoustic set at Brothers Wine Bar at 10:20p sharp. Corner of W117th and Detroit.
Thank you so much for tweeting that!
Greetings, sir!!!
gettin our jersey shore on tonight!!(:
Outside: Iraq WMDs show intelligence failures. Inside: intelligence failures mean Iran is even more dangerous!
Philadelphia Flyers score again and now lead 4-1 over the Penguins. Go Flyers!!!
niggga text me back you hoe
Man, talking about novels is so much more fun than writing a novel.
One of my favs!! RT We found shove in a soapless place. We found shove in a soapless place.
Voted. #182 at my ward at about 5ish
I'm not sure that Romney's presence at the game is a good thing
... now that I'm back in 1 place 4 awhile (the road trips have bn tough). Glad 2 B home & miss U guys! xoxo
Offline for a bit! (:
Learning about IT security metrics at
test complete
If you didn't catch that word from you should! It's on my page EVERY BIT OF IT! Support the men to stand up to their calling
or you could just make a spotify playlist
#WordsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I like rap music
Well currently out of a library job at the moment, but got a Public Librarian Certificate in the mail, trying to think of something to do.
Will be at #SXSW all week -- send a DM if you'd like to meet!
its going to be on KSMO, but not nationally televised. so i guess u cant watch it CRUISE BOY
Imaging computer labs! Whee!
Chilling.!! Cant wait till Sat Feb.11.! , WE GONA SHUT IT DOWN... LIKE ALWAYS HAHAHAAHA
the emergent strategy angle is fun but I'm really excited about the elegant scope of the core of my definition of a game.
Good! Text me dates so I can book sessions :)
10 minutes away from our big announcement!
Can you follow me since i followed ohgirlphrase..?
The best moments with friends are when you let things be and they are.
for #Wars and #TaxCuts YOU demanded RT : Governments worldwide have borrowed 100 trillion last ten years. Defaults inevitable
Resumes are fun, hiring someone from a stack of papers, not fun.
Weekly we receive letters from our patients letting us know how much the care packages and weekly cards mean to them.
Happy Mother's day mommy!(: hahaa
There are specific steps that must be taken for artists to truly reach their potential.
haven't ruined anything I've tried to bake in a while, pie might still be edible, but it's not pretty
you are always so negative...
I got big plans for Oomf....
Beef roast in the slow cooker, lil man's rocking jersey, I'm sportin the #green&yellow & snacks are prepped
Is reading Mike Caro's Book of #Poker Tells and realizing the disparity between what I thought I knew about poker and what I actually know.
- How long before Bobby Valentine gets the boot ?
RT : Tick tock...only 7 weeks till College Football season!
We got married in Denver! :) I have the picture and I haven't put on the bottle of pink sugar you signed.
Great event this morning with ! Thanks for joining us et al.
I know how you feel about apple. Happy belated? End of February?
Lesean McCoy has the best cuts in the NFL
I'm at kilroys!
: 50% off retail items is continuing through March! Also, for every 10 day package purchased in March, you will get 1 free day of daycare!
I don't think I'm ever going to have more followers than people I'm following cause I follow so many people..<3
I remember pitching stories on CS back in 2007, and even then, it was no longer "news" and everyone was a bit bored with the idea
I want sex
Thanks so much, Garrison! I'm downloading it now! Your music is LOVELY! :)
Drew is gay (:
....thats all the fucks twitter would allow.
La Perla turns into a club after 10pm. You heard it here first.
wish there was more ass kickin btw u and wade
nah I'm sittin here watching the game
Summer concerts are always the best. How will you find out who's playing where?
We had a great time with you this past weekend - come back soon!
When Matt Squire decides to accept my request on facebook is when it's his birthday.. >_>
RT : Dog park sanitation supplies at half the price and with free shipping!: Dog parks everywhere need constant clean......
No towel...used my jeans
then want r u doing
Adam Yauch, one of the founding members of the Beastie Boys, has died at 47, according to Rolling Stone....
Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades
BUT YOU THE ONE NOT REPLYING? What did i do??
I think Blackmon needs to hit the PUP list. Nelson is serviceable for 6 wks. That means keeping Swain, however, and not 5 TEs
Check out our course:Benzene Awareness. Learn how to recognize the hazards, common sources and recommended safe work practice.
USA defense continues to hold strong. We need some offense though
Man, you and my wife! DVRing final season episodes - good sitcoms never get old, they just fade away . . . or not!
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada ....
Hitting the and chilling with my best friend #Time4martini :D
Blogging idea 2# What's the difference between us and competitors?
yup yup.
While it's downright impossible to disagree with that, GCB deserves an honorable mention for pure shit TV
The best thing about being single is not having to charge my phone in the middle of the day.
I'm kicking off my 10 year anniversary celebration TONIGHT!!! Let's celebrate!
Good morning ! :D
That's what I'm talkin' 'bout.
I love your tweets! :)
Challenge your brothers and sisters pray for one another and to pray for individuals you do not know.. By this, all will know Gods love!
Likewise! You crack me up. Like the new pic ya got there
Really? "Stud Cuts"?
yea, from the er waitin to get triaged
love u more
Hey Beautiful! I'm doing well! How are you? Getting ready for New York? I'm excited for you!
It is freaking hot and I think they are still running the heat in my office.
then I'll have to go with bear. -K
yu won the title
experiment: find out how many people would message you on facebook if you post "message me! only responding for the next 15 minutes!"
I don't get why she is so fascinated with me I mean #lesbehonest here lolololl
Pre order is already sold out. :(
come on #ManUnited on National TV nonetheless #getitgoing please
My lifetime battle with Holy Name Cathedral continues. Mean priest gives me the evil eye. I get it, already!!
Lol of course. We're on pollak time!
review yes:)
Yes, starting in July! :)
But. This #OKC v #Lakers game is too good to turn off! #NBAplayoffs fever!!
Everyone please tweet #OhioWantsAustinMahone !! #MahomiesHelpMahomies right??
Congratulations on an amazing day!
I have nothing left to do ._.
I got some RnB joints up there
88 dollars to my name tho :/
You dont want to see me in that FIFA Street tho.
In college football this year, the Alabama Crimson Tide will struggle against Michigan, Arkansas, and LSU. They will lose those games.
Also got a little taste of the terrorist treatment cuz I forgot about a btl of bike chain lube in my carry-on. Lol - whoops!
And the lowest paid of the final four coaches if I am not mistaken.
Comm PhD student colloquium, ordered Lit Crit books, researched data management plan support, met History student, meetings
Congrats to Wolf Pack Basketball on the #NIT win vs. Bucknell today! Great to see the season is still alive.
I think I called her that
That last Dallas Mavericks possession was some beautiful basketball.
what do small news ops need? what do we need to work on?
Don't stress over everything
The great thing about being you, is that you're you. There is only one you. No one else can be you, so you be you.
ANVC's providing the digital humanities keynote at today's IE Semantic Computing conf., inc. Scalar's semantic processes
medina?? haha. Yeah, I guess.. I just really want to get into a good college and become a nurse >.<
well arn't you cool lol
thanks, bud!!
Been sick so had to delay my new head shot shoot . Peeps asked if my profile pic is my head shot ( NO WAY its a bad pic i snapped )
can you imagine putting Lulabelle's future husband through that right before he proposes?
foreal? Literally just called him to see what's up
agreed. I wasn't saying he's better, I just agree w that he prob won't sign w a team that he wouldn't be QB for
I have to show you the diningroom set I got off of craigslist yesterday!
You cannot open a book without learning something. Confucius
To the girl in the bathroom at WIP with NO shoes on. GO HOME!
Los Angeles Lakers' Andrew Bynum Does it All Against Denver Nuggets: Fan Reaction - Yahoo! Sports
haha - awesome! Gotta keep those numbers moving in the right direction. Thanks!
yep. but when the right one locks in...it's obvious and so great.
Are you carting that award around the office like it is the precious?
like the Blue-White chant, but say Brow-Down. Or do the Eloy Eloy Eloy chant
SPECIAL SHOUTOUT TO ! FOR SHOWING THE SUPPORT! SHES A MUST FOLLOW!
(continued) condition overnight and is now in stable condition so everyone show your love to help Sean Kingston.
#itsoncalifornia RT : Might Polk my head into some bars tonight whadya say?
vain vain vain!
really shouldve bet money that bynum would leave the game
go ! hard fought win makes them 1st in the Pacific. is a monster in net.
- Dangit! And here I was taking the day off yesterday!
just back from the Albany tulip fest .... too much sun and drinks ... :)
sorry I threw the vase at you :/ the salvadorian in me came out
I take off for AZ tomorrow man. You trying to get lunch or something?
I like the idea of wearing flip flops year round, but blizzards in May scare me a little. :)
This stevie tv show is hilarious. Its like madtv but 100x funnier
When GOD opens the door for you to do something, do not let fear stand in the way. Stay the course. Walk through it.
Thinking Obama should do a non profit bailout...10 k to every npo...
I figured Jones would win. Yes I just watched that last match. Lol
that's exactly what i planned on doing, lol
You are getting married!?! Congratulations!
A man holding a bunny on #Metro? I feel so bad for the poor thing!
Celery sticks with cream cheese :)
i like it!
#Ozzie: "If I don’t learn from this mistake I will call myself dumb."
Fab Melo 6 points and 2 dunks In the first 4 minutes. I'm giddy.
So is it really worth it?
can't wait to see you. May the birthday celebrations continue!
Got a whole bunch of music today! We have so much music that I didn't even know we had!
Whitney Houston ...passed away ...RIP Whitney Houston!
Heaven grew weary of the excessive pride and luxury of China... I am from the Barbaric North.
Join us every morning for Lenten Prayer at 6 am. Call 605.475.4850 Pin
Stephen Stills can play some guitar
Affirmed - 1978 Kentucky Derby
thst would suck if he deleted his twitter
better go negro
This #conferencecall is at a record of 1 hour 54 minutes and there is no end in sight.
Steel structure for the dome at new downtown library is up.
I hope that run helped out my tan. So nice out today
After all that, my matzoh meal is perfect.
why wath did u do tell me in ms.tallmadge ok
Had a great meet up & lunch with the librarians at yesterday. Wonderful group, campus and library! Thx for a great afternoon!
It looks like I'm only a couple away from 2,000 followers! #ShareMe #FollowFriday #ff xo
Hi. I love the author photo you took of Stephen Elliott. Maybe you could do mine next time I'm in the Bay Area?
S/o TCUIMG! You all are #dope! Enjoyed working with you!
when people comment something long and meaningful on a playful status.
you will be a glowing bride! Do you have a Clarisonic? I'm obsessed! DM your address if you don't. Would love for you to test it!
“: I want to see & in a twitter debate. It's been brewing for 500 years now” why rc rocks!
i hate it when people try to force their opinions and religion on me, and they have no logic in them
Finished my internship for Hawthorne Books today. Learned a lot and had a bunch of fun.
Thanks for follows & RTs!
shoot just made mondAys date night
My kitty died while I was in Gatlinburg <U+E401> Rest in peace Tigger. I'm gonna miss our meow wars...
Boss Cut off our walk down memory lane for ICE CREAM CAKE TIME.
Ruth very dominating....
WhooooOooooooza.. Andy's snoring kept me up all effin night. Off to bed
Man found bleeding in nightclub, dumped on curb, dies A 27-year-old partygoer died early Saturday after he tumbled over the balcony of a
This games getting ugly fast, Lebron might drop 50 out here
you obey the rules and policies of the businesses you choose to solicit, you do not create ur own......
#WhyDoYouSmile please follow :)
I really dont want to clean my room from last night
RT Theatres & hotels have a backstage. Found spaces need that created or found.
I.... didn't even think of that. Thank you for this.
NodeXL is a free, interactive tool that you can use to identify relationships that exist in your database.
enjoy. Say hi to my boss who is out there while we r working r butt's off.
thanks - There's a fine line between social media marketing & wasting your entire flippin day.
Woo! Glad to hear it!
#Bbworld11 now for section on "The Road Ahead".
Good afternoon Alyssa!
People use to laugh at "e-mail", now everybody thinks "e-mail" is the coolest thing, its like the nerd in high school that became rich.
Fellas, ..LOL...I don't care how fine you think that babygurl is on your FB wall...YOU BETTER DO THE KNOWLEDGE (GET THE FACTS FIRST)......
#whosaiditwasok that you look at me all the time but never talk to me?
oh man, stocking up!
Don't wana break your heart, wana give your heart a break.
Don't miss our show Feb 17th @ 9
Its so hot! <U+E04A>
Party rockers <3
Just had a complimentary cup of coffee at Walmart
After Amrcn Jrrnl of Public Health study showed women's greater risk of serious injury in car crashes, I'm urging to take action.
um, hell!
RT : #dscoop7 party kicks off at 7 tonight in Potomac ballroom. Join us for dancing, bball and laughs!
Fallen Angels comes out tomorrow! :D.
RT : "We should have no more regulation than the health, safety, and security of the American people require" -- Obama in...
I do not have tattoos either. Now you know two. :)
If you got a big ;-), let me search it And find out how hard I gotta work ya. I put my thing down, flip it and reverse it.
did that yesterday. I danced instead.
pleasee follow me or tweet me Nash!<3? I'm a Big fan..<3
Happy Mother's Day Mothers!!!
Hey Jenn! I think you're extremely talented, and are going to have an amazing long career.. Happy to follow you! :)
I wish you didn't work today D:
aww yay thanks for voting!!! how ya been?
Me too, but I can't download Social Media for Learning PDF from the eLearning member site
Y'all tear this motha up.. get grimey and dirty.. straight street.. straight hood.
Going to jam up the jams at nelson's house, and Jack3d is gonna help me learn a new trick.
Awesome news! Congratulations! :-)
gets no more accurate than that!
Today: Jeremy Orosz on Berg the Wagnerian, Brian Schmidt on Mitch Miller's sing-along, and Dani Kuntz on gendered politics in /La Giuditta/!
So ready for summer. :D
I have to go to class in 2 minutes:( Thanks for a great party guys!<3
tired of waiting on jagr....just announce you are coming here b/c Lemieux is your man crush lol
Salfati - There are NO empirical studies on linking serial sexual homicides. #shc2011 Dissertation topic, anyone?
usually niggas that have no understanding of what its like to play hard outside of ps3 and never got picked at Y games
Who's going to Tiki Caliente this weekend? It's going to be a hot one down there!
Good call. RT Watermelons for practice.
Baked a cake.
Fantastic concert tonite ! The genius of and , Jeff award winner tonite too! !!
that's cause I'm a dork and only a wanta-be :-) its a really nicely cleaned up underpass that I dig the design
They cancelled it today. I hate it i wanted it to come back so bad.
Are tocopherols soy-derived? Great question from #foodallergy follower~ I have NO idea...
yeo whatup dude! We'll be in Portland in a couple of weeks
I think he profiled, ten bit off more than he could chew, and panicked. How that translates into criminal charges is the question
Happy Birthday best of wishes on your day <3
Gossip girl season finale!!! Ahh!
The other day my friend typed "1 direction" I then yelled at her to fix her error :3
i have zero transport and a messy house. Bleh. Text mee
So my friends Robert & Dylan got in a fist fight today & they almost tramped My friend Jena & i...
* someone should DM me *
ahahahahah its a sexual harassment meeting girl and all i know is that there will be food
Somebody wait for me all his life, me too... <U+2665>
tried going to the link you sent me and it said it was a phish site. Any idea what they said about me? Thanks for the heads up!
#IWishYouKnew how painful eyebrow threading can be!
Job security: calling my boss and posing as a problematic customer so he'll realize he still needs me while I'm on vacation.
Edna is for squares. We should go to 100 steps
im done
You ready to get #Muffled ?
Check us out on our fan page!
I've always had a flare for stand up.
#ThankGodItsFriday , Cuz I Got Big Plans For Thee Weekend !
Just referred to "The Jeffersons" when I was actually trying to invoke "The Jetsons."
Workout complete! Insanity is kicking my !!
I know I listen to some 'bad' music according to some...but when you portray Jesus as some rock singing weirdo, I will be offended
When u pray that God forgives ur past, strengthens u thru the present, &blesses u with a future...Life's realization is more easily accepted
"[B]y tradition" is probably good enough for this particular use case. Thanks!
shorts and I'm not sure about the shirt yet. Lol
“: Future of online experiences: customizable, aggregated, relevant, social #idea10”
Thanks for the follow back lady
Love dances in the freshness of the unknown.
Looking for serviced office space in Edinburgh? Look no further than our boutique business centre in the heart of the West End...
I will. Spring Break starts for me. Coaches clinic Friday night, but Saturday night I'm open.
No tolerance for bad drumming. It's an easy task. Get it right.
Trying to keep it simple but your status said we're complicated <3 -
Adtr and attack attack should have a concert in missouri soon for my bday :) that would be awesome!!
I'm planning on going next month. As long as it's not when I'm in Vegas
Charter sucks. My cable and Internet was out from 12:15am - 2:30am. I was in the middle of a huge project.
Actually this line, they're flattering to the rigjt physique
Avoid inviting people you have just met into your home, or going back to theirs.
Spartans starting to gather! Come on out and join us!
do you stay up all night on twitter?
Sat. was Date Night with Wife: watched Whale Rider. Hmm, How am I connecting with my lineage?
Holy caffeine buzz batman
Happy happy! And Thankful.
Come in for bunch and guzzle down an Ale Mary! They are one of a kind!
I'd never seen an Ethiopian restaurant with a drive through before. The containers must look like giant pizza boxes.
ah, the halcyon DEMF days of 2000 when skrillex and rusko totally killed it in front of a screaming crowd of 15 year olds
my paws r up
Im not gonna wear that dress anymore.... because of that one comment.
Facebook timeline is the worst UI humans conceived
Play Baltimore League starts today! Go Balls of Glory
That's the good shit
has brought down the house again tonight. You are the best PG in the league by far. Thanks for everything!!!
so feeling even sexier now that you're 26?
no the IU East Red Wolves out of the NAIA...sorry to disappoint haha
AMPLYFi was super fun!!! Thanks for having us! Eric , Anna , Shawn - what a great crew !!!
bhahha so weird
Band practice tonight. We do our best work midnight or later...
New Magazine site is looking good, stop by and join, give-aways will be coming at the end of the month to followers. www.stliving.com
Good morning..went to bed so early last night..guess I was tired!!
Playing #SaySomethin in full blast<3
Almost time for #Eureka. Definitely going to miss this cast of characters.
Though some might say Emanuel Mendez da Costa (1717–1791) was the first important Jewish biologist
Awesome! We can't wait to see you again and meet your other cousins!
I didn't vote for the #CLEcasino and probably won't ever set foot in it, but I hope it does all it promised the voters.
Wish you could be here too. We will live blog & tweet throughout the weekend and invite you to participate in the conversation.
ya u will make new friends =^__^=
All quiet on the #CU420 front - no students smoking pot @ 4:20 am. KDVR/KWGN and KMGh just arrived w/ live trucks.
Mccrea 2005 Picpoul is amazing! Especially w/ chicken satay and peanut sauce!
www.Rushflyerprinting.com is now in New York City
If you're going to call someone out at least follow through with it.
... Then Granny G killed it with Keep it In The Pants ! #smh #FriscoStandUp !
Usher on SNL= Perfection
SES Latino is back - now in New York City. Talk about it here: bit.ly/n7tYCv and here bit.ly/qkUnA3
We now have a location in Boulder Colorado to serve you. www.nsditoshiba.com
shopping today --- want to do more shopping!! Thank goodness for gift cards!
ipment and I'm still gettin plays like the folks dat do u got any advice 4 me I wud appreciate it
it's still pretty early...but we could get it started, what tracks are you going to? and happy b-day!
thanks for that correction on #VSPEX support for Hyper-V...
impressed by the sheer variety of techniques used by practitioners to find mvp and prod-mkt fit.
In Russia now for Soyuz launch and docking. Heading to Mission Control Moscow now. Launch is at 5:35pmET/21:35 GMT.
Happy Friday, everyone!
Colorado Kings fans. No games this weekend. Our next home game is February 21st.
Also like bee stings, people can have allergic or anaphylactic reactions to #tarantula bites that could prove fatal if untreated.
Grassroots something or another? Basically a meet and greet.
too bad it is all going to bills, bills, bills ;)
so what were you playing on the x4's?
Semifinals of National Spelling Bee are on. Being from WI can be a bummer, Waunakee's Parker Dietry is the last speller.
Another part of my generations childhood fades away....Be at peace Dick Clark
first pie is in the oven!
Right in her pooper
I feel it!!! It's a great feeling to always see.money
and we will spank yall then
At a christmas party! gotta love gay guys!
yes it was for you, sir. Have a great holiday!
Andrew Bynum deserves to be criticized for the rest of his life. 7 feet and missing dunks.
What's your stock tip of the day? I know you have one. I promise not to say who told me
hide your "daugthers"..there's "no such thing"
thanks for the kind words! You can look forward to more vegetarian options in the future.
Exams are like marathons for the brain. That's why I'm eating They sponsor the
No contract for Joshy
#GoTribe It's a bummer we don't get to see Lonnie Chisenhall play yet.
I'd like to be, everythingg you want
part 55 the anticipation is killing me.
Thanks for the RT ! Blessings to you!
so happy to be working with you Josh!
Thx for sending this over, Lauren! When you read something like this, it does make you think "#ROWE!!!", doesn't it?!
hurt my pinky today in school :( it started bleeding!! but lynn was there for me ! lmaoo..
Hot as fuck? Pour a Cranhammer on your head! Take a Cranhammer ice bath!
Show looks amazing. Not sure that Cattelan has "run out of ideas" though, as this article suggests . . ?
I couldn't deal with the neck beard, that's why.
Bahahahahaha. Hope he was nicer than the cab driver I had when we were in Miami.
From 1911-1912 Lowell Thomas was a reporter for the Cripple Creek Times, then an editor of the Victor Record
follow me please? it d be amazing! you are amazing! please?(: aha my nails are purple!
“: nope :( my dad just came to pick us up and rushed everything..” that sucks
Lawyer Good morning to my new followers/followees!!
You take a half naked pic and get called beautiful then take a pic of your face with 1/4 the likes doesnt that say something to you?!
Come workout, rock out, laugh, sweat, and most importantly, smile.
What! we're not walking no more? why didn't you call! RT : I am walking to the other side of the house.
Stalkers take note: tonight I'll be slinging punchlines at steam's cafe in jersey city, NJ. That is, if I don't get shot on my way.
But even Mike Lange and Mark Madden did it :(
APUSH-ers did a 20th Century America project...selected most imp events, person of the decade, music, movies, slang, etc. Fun.
At the corner of Saratoga and Cimmaron. People are idiots when it comes to 4 way stops.
you can thank Spotify for all the rap and pop at the wedding! Made my job easy.
Well, you could always come to Portland. :-)
Does anybody have a gifboom? Follow me! It's:
what a pervert! I can't believe you do that... ;)
I Hear Music In the air weekend is on the way to Cincinnati Oh May 18th through May 20th. Get your tickets now,
Jack had a little too much fun celebrating his birthday last night! We'll have #guessjacksscore again next week. Happy Easter!
A lot of people right now are debating: color choices, modern or retro style, embellishments. Because it's both cover design & Prom season.
what?! & who r u voting for?! lol
my birthday in 3 weeks
THE MID-AFTERNOON #NEWS IS OUT AT www.instereopress.com
Berns excellent sommelier, food lukewarm, cody steak better, dessert room a joke, stand in line then wait for service, overrated
King of "think different" still a slave to the QWERTY keyboard. :( Call for new proprioceptive typing interface, one that fits like a glove.
get off twitter girl!!! Yu in class.. dnt be rude missy.... LMAO!!! Im just playn sweetheart...
BRIEF: New website offers Dover substance abuse support - Chicago Tribune
Summer has gone by way too fast. Am I right?
Snow? no.... NNNOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!! Will be moving to Hawaii any day now, soon as I hit the lottery. Any day......
At Home: Flatlining after a busy week - vacation, yes, but busy, busy, busy. It's all scifi and comix til monday. OK, a little homework
Giving bday wishes to my big brudda I love you so much and we bout to get in In #team drunkerthanamothafucker
": No one deserves to be someone else's dirty little secret, if u truly care about someone, u share it with everyone"
I miss you...
Pacers falling apart
Am I suppose to inform you when I do or what?
I PINKY PROMISE I'LL BE HERE FOR U FOREVER. I wish I could give u a hug :(
that's good! And yes you did make me smile(': very kind of you! I'm doing great thanks!:D
Gene Wolfe is the most underrated author of the century. Wish more folks would read quality fiction.
zack wheeler and gary brown might be too much for Beltran.
Is it possible to withhold rent from a landlord if they don't perform repairs in a timely manner?
Feeling good must be a full moon out
appreciate that
My main music project is featured in this month's mag, issue 245! I'm very happy!
Jury seated in Amy Senser hit-and-run case. Opening statements this afternoon.
May you and your family have a safe, happy, and healthy holiday season, Merry Christmas.
he is just the most loved regular at the cafe!
If I Fucked Your Bitch, I Apologize. . . I'm Not Sorry Cause 9/10 It Was Delightful Lol But #Forgive&Forget Right ? Lml #FuckWitchuBoi $$$$$
I think I'll wear my red sweater today....it's 30, and they say there's more 'weather' on it's way! I hope that groundhog got it right.
Climacteric: Google Alert - signs of menopause
LDR's are to blame, totally have been there
the fun therapy!! www.youtube.com/watch%253Fv%253DSByymar3bds
Heading to Eastern Oregon's Homecoming game. Go Mounties!
black iPhone everyone got the white one were I'm at
coach had us working out late after school
Hall and Oats looks like Joan Rivers and Janice Dickinson
i have 2 friends who sell them. i have 1 big warmer and a plug in. Pick something out and let me know. its on the house
Having a blast !! Where you at night life??
Stale Cheerios: Commentary on "O's" stale job stimulus?~Don
It's official, I start work at in a couple weeks!
Awesome! Glad you guys are having a great time.
Ugh, I want to listen to Lullabies and some more old ATL songs, but I don't have headphones. THE ISSUES I HAVE
Big day tomorrow.. stay tuned for the latest! Tell your twitter friends to follow us as we step it up a notch here at Found in Town.
Great article! With growth in #mobile usage, small businesses can't afford to ignore mobile.
glad im back in pittsburgh
You will enjoy.
I'm going to sleep with someone tonight. jelly.. Lol. I wish doe :( Oh, well.. bye. I hate you all. Jkayy ILY all.<3
lol good good.. 15 mins a day makes a high difference
Watching the US - CAN game on Mun2...wow how quickly I forget how bad SD looks. how did we watch this for YEARS?
Definitely need some help with my #paleo #batchcooking! Going on 4 days of eating the same ground turkey recipe!!! Blah!
We are burning big time calories with BOSU right now! This class makes you break a sweat!!
Playing in douglasville, Ga tonight!
'Toast To Motown' Tuesdays is goin down........this new SoulFul Happy Hour can only be found here @ 1701....
Like clockwork, all of my most eagerly anticipated library holds have become available in the most hectic week of the semester.
Perhaps, there's more than one! ;-)RT : never, hope to see one tonight on #RHoNY on at 10/9c
man twitter. your letting me down. I came on to find info about the gunman on the GW campus but you give me NADA.
I have a stack of 5 cds to import. This makes me happy
isn't that part of what #OWS embraces? We are expendable to the 1% when we can't make them enough money.
i sure bet you do! :D
Thanks for following!
Gaining ground on the competition
Press conference with Republican Senators just interrupted by opponents to voter ID bill.
see u in the dark is definitely a good 'first song' to hear from <3 will always be one of our personal favorites.
It's a concert where each major ensemble plays a short ditty or two. Donors love it. Students feel quite the opposite. :)
“: I can't believe that God put us on this earth to be ordinary. -Lou Holtz” great quote one of my favorites
I didn't give it to you did I??
i've thought about returning to "boot camp" ..my car is ..well it's ..um ..deserves a convo not a tweet lol
's "Virginity" cover is so beautiful<33 c:
Global warming is killing off Polar Bears and hockey players. Get informed
Great lunch
www.800printingnyc.com is New York's #1 Affordable Printing & Graphix Company! FREE DELIVERY IN NYC
thanks for the RT!
no problem! It's simpler and those steaks look so good!
How to Manage Your Brand in Social Media Using HubSpot
The only way to get me to eat seafood is to have a sexy man feed it to me...I ate a mussel...fed to me by some serious muscle... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
I just googled HTML tables code and you can put a HTML widget anywhere on your site
Shouts out to my broski
GOd MORning G'(; <3
My attitude arises because I vehemently dislike being told what I should think or what I should do.
:( hope you get better soon
School,Hanging out x stuff Wbu?
What are you guys screening for? Love to offer 15% off to come to Salute Wine BAr after the screening!
we've got some cheap-ass drinks waiting for you!
Rainey and Pouncey reunited in Pittsburgh!
i love you all soo much! U rock my world & cant wait to see u all this summer! Xoxo #bananas ? (: OH &
oh nevermind I meant meth. Still nasty
Wake up Vicki! Brooks is creepy as $&@!. And y is no one talking about Tamara & Briana wearing the same dept store dress?
I've played there a couple of times. Played in a league there a few years back. U ever play in Mt Sterling?
good morning to you!
just bought 10 yoga lessons. wish me luck!
Corn vs Flour Tortillas - Better Fitness Daily - Nutrition: Flour tortillas have up to 150 calories each, corn tortillas about 50...
I'm sorry I won't be in today. I have to rescue my friends and save the world (again).
if the #crockpot's a-rockin', don't come a-knockin'.
#icantgoadaywithout Internet! I am a slave to it. Haha.
RIP DAVID WATTS. Ghost of indecision, mystic sex addict and pathway to pain. I will always love the false image I had of you.
I still get to spend the summer here in ABQ though! I thought I would have to leave for ATL earlier
Its freezing in the office today. Can't wait to go to VA and see my family.
Skype or tinychat anyone im bored
Thanks. It wasn't working, but after making some changes...it was. Might have been a conflict with the Simple Tags plugin.
niall do you like sushi?
RePEc principle: many archives, one database, many services.
i look god today ;) lol biology starr today -__- im ready for this!
": I big room full of broke niggas"lol bet u give out yo number
Today has been too funny
dinner soon?!
stress has always been a weakness of mine
I. Cannot. Sleep. 24 hrs til the Super Shuttle picks me up to take me to the airport! So excited to celebrate graduation!
what book?
never been scared to say i was afraid but i never said so i guess i remain brave riding as long as the road im on remains paved
Let's do for #Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson what we did for Ron Paul in 2008. Both started as unknowns. Let's get this party started!
guess whos ready for prom to get here already... #ThisGirl !
Pretty sure I gained a good 10 lbs after this lunch. I need a nap.
almost true. first tourney 1939. So, I mean I get you need to count it to feel good. And ya can't hash tag a hyphenated word, FYI.
glad our products can help! have you tried yet?
I wanna follow these stupid high school batches on twatter only i don't want them to know
A month from today and around this time I will be trying to sober up for the all nighter
Rain delay -.-
#20ThingsAboutMe cheerleading is the most important thing in my life.
the boys are sitting next to Nicki Minaj at the KCA's
Ditto! RT : #ff these gals are keepers!
are you concerned that this might be overwhelming for some learners? How do they/we filter?
Did the new interview of mikey come out orr..?
ah that looks so goid! I want one
Pacers pull through and win 102-97! Bucks a game and a half behind Philly
dont worry, i'll see you tomorrow <U+2665> RT I've missed you for the passed two days:/ <\3": :') <U+2665>
Thanks!! We have some awesome new products coming out for Spring/Summer beginning in February. Get Excited!!
because i dont eat meat and thats all they basically have so i want olive gardens
Welcome & I can definitely see that lol
Happy Valentine's Day #Boston!!!
That awkward moment when your mom is Mexican today but come Sunday she's a U.S. citizen smh
YES, the PITTSBURGH PIRATES have a better record than the PHILADELPHIA PHILLIES
it sounds very cool great for adding color and distortion,have not used to many other tape emulators to compare, but I like it!
you rock! Thx!!
My pet peeve is ketchup packets. You need a ½ dozen for any application.
Sleeping In Tyrone Shirt Tonight
“ i was gonna call you back, but i fell asleep #OkImLying i was on the phone w/ somebody else mo important”
to go up in smoke wooppee
Love, support, like fire, perpetual motion, disappear in hope and fear.
GOAL! Penalty kick Jack Jewsbury, Portland Timbers 2 Toronto 0.Team looking great tonight, Timbers Army strong in the Rose City...
been busy af:/ my bad G!
Tim McGraw Cracks Top 10, Lee Brice Scores First No. 1 on Country Songs
RT : As adoptive parents we need to be able to HELP our children make sense of their past, not keep them from it.
Congrats! That is great news! Finding land to lease is a blessing!
Will Oregon kick our asses in the fastest manner possible? BTW,Rasch means 'rapidly"
Congrats to power couple & Male and Female Vocalists of the Year!
brittany crying on the phone <<<<<
#WhileInRelationship you can't leave your girl hanging for another.
*Back to normal...had a good audition yesterday...reh for Figment Fest later...
Proud 2 help on #REDDay! They r working @ a church & William Paca Elem in Bmore. ReStore gave 72gal paint + supplies.
Gm DiVA's Get to the stores today. Pick up Healthy hair by Racheal products. www.iamhealthyhairbyracheal.com Enjoy ladies
hahaaha, oh funn. i also have clean :/ im definately chillin listening to music instead lol :)
Funny thoughts are like Starbucks on every corner of my mind
power went out for about 30 minutes
Animal Planet, you kill me. First, great survival stories on Animal Cops, then an adorable show about baby seals. Productivity = gone.
Holy smokes! My offer just got accepted...I think I just bought a house.
Good morning all! Gonzalez in Madison Heights is currently hiring Robot Programmers with experience in Fanuc and Kawasaki. Send resumes in …
All that we deeply love becomes a part of us. Helen Keller
<-- thinks chit-chat w/ job seekers is mostly nonsensical and faked interest on recruiter's part
getting a pedi and manicure ...luv it....Im worth it
In the car I just can't wait to pick you up on our first date
Volunteer for MHFH at the State Fair Corn Roast on August 7th! Contact Brittany (developmentintern<U+200B>bitat.org). Dinner provided!
#undertheradar bt not invisible: “: can u have heated debate w/ Greg abt why we need him on Twitter?”
haha! That was a redundant statement. I will take a your word for it, enjoy!
love it
"Golf is so popular simply because it is the best game in the world at which to be bad" - A.A. Milne
I need an assistant NOW! I will pay! Ive got a lot of work coming my way and I need help mapping it all out! PLEASE RT
Same to you!!
oh he got a shot...
thanks William. Enjoy!!
I literally just waited 60 seconds for (4 of 4) before I realized you are drunk.
: Please back our right to play licensed and regulated online #poker. Back #HR2366. Thank you.
Wish I was with the lunch crew :(
follow me back
T minus two hours to The AVENGERS!!
Oh, you can fight if you're from Brooklyn, the Bronx, Texas, etc. Really, it dont matter where you from, if you can bang, then thats it.
#RailroadToAlaska and #BLOK are now confirmed for our upcoming MS Benefit show! Who will be the other two bands.. any guesses???
much love fam... whats going down fam? i peeped that 5 6 joint , interesting how you got them cats to link up on that one..
oh yeah, freakin out inside there. need to fix that, clean it, and possible show me how to work torrent stuff.
haha let's have a nonnas date with peeps later this week
Musician Jim Morrison was born today in 1943.
rightttytyyyt I hate it
Leaves are turning and falling, smells like burning firewood outside and Halloween is right around the corner-my favorite time of year!
Why is the theme today that Summer is over... yes Labor Day has passed, but there are still 20 days til this years' autumnal equinox!
Thanks Jay for being our fan!!!
twitter i goto go to the store so i will see you guys l8r!
Not acceptable. Just not as bad as everyone makes it out to be. I mean, who are we to judge how other people type. It's nbd
mhmmmm. thats totes why you just fell asleep while i was singing right?
well I don't think there's a way to stop it tho lol.. Unless u disconnect urself from social networks lol :/
I can help with the 100 racquetball questions. Let me know? I can email a bunch over. :-)
that's a downer. Thought maybe this was behind the team by now.
Cops and #Occupyburque organizers working quite well together kudos to both
The relevancy of last tweet >>>>
I do not envy executing in a hurricane. Best of luck, I'm sad to be missing the chaos!
Hmm...I wonder what delicousness has planned for us next weekend..
wherever the people love are :D:D
OF DOLLS AND MURDER at the LoFi Coffee on Main Street in Mesa, AZ! Tues Feb 21st. Please tell your Mesa friends!
Tryin my best to make my bad days good n my good days great.
There's only one way to succeed in anything and that is to give everything. Vince Lombardi
Help us go out on tour to see all of your! Buy a bracelet for cheap or grab a tshirt and get free stuff! http:armisticemerch.bigcartel.com
1 Imperial tablespoon = 17 millilitres, I like the idea of the 'imperial tablespoon' " That's no spoon. It's a space station.
good bye bvblongisland and Hello ConcertJunkie66 =D
Things seem better(:
ahaha okay u know I'll really come to!!
damn I get the evil eye ..even thou i wasnt lien smh
Who else is running the #LaJollaHalfMarathon this Sun w/ ? Where's #TeamFletcher?
Cannot wait to get my fix tomorrow. Of BZ, that is. Delancey lady date!
Tomorrow is a very special day....
Don't make me break out my chastity belt!! LOL
We need everyone to go follow !
West Irondequoit students head back to school today... RCSD starts tomorrow, some teachers still not sure if they have a job
; Peanut butter crackers !?! SHHARRREEE ! (:
that looks more high-tech than at least 2 of our studios here...
Cutting the crust off my pb&j
chillin like Bob Dylan! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> You?
: Just seems pointless to put a hardship on an awesome/supportive employer.
#SALE: 51% off CloSYS oral care today only! #Free Shipping Free #Breath Spray. Win CloSYS for 1 Year! Promo Code:HUGME51 @ www.myclosys.com
Knock KnockWho's there !Athena !Athena who ?Athena reindeer landing on your roof !
Alright , okay , just crop me out of the picture . Love you too guys ! <U+2665>
When prepping for an audition, know the tone of the project; then explore choices of every variation and hue within that color. And rock it!
Twitter only works if you engage in conversation - or at least say hi - before you fire off links at them. Otherwise, it's spam.
easy on the tweets, u almost have more then me and ive have had twitter for months
Mike, is Jean Carlos Batista currently in extended spring training?!?
#TheHungerGamesTaughtMe to watch my back at ALL times..--
Congratulations to Dave Jr. n Jenna proud parents of Dave I born last nite on Dad n Grandpa Dave's Birthday!
"Hey I heard you like the Wild Ones" kitchen dance party with Chandler #FloRida he's got all the lebanese smooth moves!
Have fun. Would you believe we have Opening Day tomorrow? First a parade town then a day of games. Hope the weather is good.
thx for the shout out to my studio !! We are so excited, in renovations now
I should not have bought Pringles at the grocery store.
You gotta respect her, shes a nbitch to everyone or nice to everyone
man you have this song stuck in my head brotato
Don't wanna give in, so we just gave up.
Amazing how you talk so tough about Philly when you don't have an affiliate there. Pretty lame, JT.
Sorry for your loss, Ben.
go kings!
Was i the only person who thought Scooby-Doo was corny?
love you best friend
JUST YOU WAIT UNTIL , !
everyone stay in the same seats for second half.
Dude you got robbed on that facemask call. Nice play kid
NOT WALKING OUT ON KIDS We do this
Well damn I'm sleepy but can't sleep go figure
You can achieve greatness by allowing the greatness of God to shine!
I apparently really like red velvet type food. I just found three old different emails on red velvet hot dogs, pancakes and fried chicken.
what he do
of course you are invited Leah!
My new DP?
Yay! Congratulations, and see you in the fall!
I Love You Like A Love Song Baby... There's no way 2 describe what you do to me, you just do to me .. what you do.. #NP - Selena Gomez :)
why we no in your picture no mo:((
#Nothingfeelsbetterthan that moment when beautiful dm's you what you've always wanted<3
I'm most impressed by the gent who, unprompted, had the wherewithal to "Call for end of questions"
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG ..... IDK
it's much harder to ignore things that you didn't notice you were noticing in the first place
Where's the Dam tour?
The ice cream truck music outside my window is creeping me out. I wish it would move on to another neighborhood, but it seems stalled here.
Please can we all! : Remember when the world had manners? Me neither... Can we bring some back? Please:) and thank you:)
Favorite films that take place in an office environment?
Day 2 of #nascsp12 Orientation! Looking forward to another informative day with members!
my boyfriend should marry me, because he's perfect and i love him more than anything, seriously though.
The amount of perfume being worn by shoppers at Lenox mall is unbelievable! Once again, people don't understand too much of a good thing.
Haven't heard you call any of those GOP Candidate wives "bleached blonde airheads"!
Hi there! Thx for the RT. How have you been?
everybody wants to be followed but they don't like to follow those people
so who needs tickets to the 14th?
Judging feels good to us. We temporarily forget our own failings as we focus on the faults of others: James Bryan Smith
Just read your latest piece - unsurprisingly, I am reminded of how lucky we all are that you share your writing with us.
Imma type random shit Chickens Hi Boo ! Tweet I'm fucking bored
never made anyone dinner before, nervous!!!
I dont like being cold at work...I HAVE to be up but cold makes me sleepy
thought that was u...certain ppl & their attributes u don't forget-LoL-also learned a lil sumthin new about @ the game-LoL ;)
It's funny how proper preparation makes for easy execution.
Dear Flo Rida, please put on a shirt... Nobody wants to see all of you.
awesome! i love a chicken biscuit.
Be thankful for the life you have... You never know when it will end.
OK. Been busy; missed the joke piece. Thought it was odd/clever given his links to Pugh. ;)
go get this done! I believe in you! will always have your back
Tyree. RT : Who should keep the ball from the Giants-Pats Super Bowl...Plaxico or Tyree? Same ball for both of their catches.
dont know, but he sure can block shots...
True... does seem to have himself a lot of
How can someone eat pink meat!!!
phew what a day, 14 hrs today, 15 tomorrow, 10 on Friday then Fri night/Sat/Sunday first aiding at
Gonna be a beautiful day. All I'm saying is this: A week ago I tweeted that Webb was due. He is.
aww bro sorry bro didnt mean to offend bro shut the hell up bro
OMG i can't believe you got that tatted on u homie lol thats cool tho! I think i'm goin 2 get Rascal210 tatted on my arm too
me too! In bed checking twitter. “: Trying to sleep in and I'm wide awake!”
The NFL draft had a ton of defensive picks. Heard it wins championships.
excellent! And happy belated Darwin Day :)
according to jeannie, dogs have periods. LLMFAOOO
Quick top of first. Reagan gets runner to third but don't score. Middle 1st: Carroll 0, SA Reagan 0.
more like any type of physical exertion
Everyone was SO EXCITED about the library!
Dreaming at 36,000 feet. X
it was nice seeing one of my clients BALLIN tonight! I hope you ankle is alright homie!
The odds are not in our favor today with skype video problems and then my phone dying
Commission is back from break. Will take up Technical and Outreach issues.
Hi lady! I met Judy Lucero today & found out she's in your Kiwanis. Got me thinking about you. Hope all is going good!
Don't worry, now there's more time to dream up more obstacles!
In stupid health with
Is it sad that this is 85% of the reason I would never go? The 15% is random rubbing.
- so awesome to see you -- and see you again in April!
hrrrmmmm "munchies" huh??!!
You are awesome!
yeah I noticed that. Strange.
Vibin' to I do I do I do!
I got nothing but I'm good
It's difficult when bananas eat monkeys.
When CSA survivors finally step out of the shadows and start talking its truly the first day of the rest of their lives.
I loved it.
Cool, clear and crisp air in Fort Worth, Texas. Hope everyone has a great evening.
Ready to take on the world. Refreshed and refocused.
happy birthday coach
A little late
I'm so close to 2000 followers! only a little over 100 more! ;) thank you all so much! how about if you give me a s/o! ill give one back!
Omfg I fucking hate this kid!
U know commercials are long when u forget what you're watching
DM me your email and I'll send the MS Word template to you.
Are you still coming to Tampa and are you still interested in talking. Let me know. Thanks.
SERIOUSLY STOP IT
It's all false love and affection....you don't like me you just want the attention.
yep, but I'm a fan of Library Love Fest and NetGalley for a long time.
I couldn't ask for funnier, smarter, more gorgeous ladies in my life.
thanks to mee
You mentioned "Thriller" and "Bad." lol
never been conceited...i've been quite shy for most of my life
Just sitting here and all of a sudden the Barney theme song is stuck in my head....I have problems...
yes, but if you lose the ball in your own half, that much closer for counter
aye. I gotta ask you something text me 9019495193
I Hate. I repeat I Hate Kenny Smith knees....
RT ": I'm at TD Garden for Los Angeles Lakers vs. Boston Celtics w/ 67 others" - low turnout.
home with plumbers working in my bathroom. there is now a big hole in my wall. matches the one in my life
I feel like being very bad today...
Very true observation on work vs. conference clothing!
bo! We wish you could come too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Feeling headachy and sick this evening, so pooped out on doing laundry. Am trying to muster the proper enthusiasm for my p.m. routine.
...or she just ignored you! LOL JK!
Complete makeover for my clients new apartment at The Plaza.
#MyFitfoods for my post workout meal/second breakfast, I think yes!
Well another holiday down the tubes
Is Javy Guerra the new Jonathan Broxton for the Dodgers?
BOXES! WHY U NO UNPACKED?!
Don't blow it!
Neighborhoods -> obesity -> test scores, college enrollment and future wages for kids.
DS: you seriously need some spellcheck. You tried to clown us & spelled raisins wrong.
Meet and the cast! "Black Angels Over Tuskegee" special appearance at the Harlem Arts Alliance, Wednesday, April 18, 2012 Quarte…
Maybe the photograph of us in Portland, I don’t know. *blowing out a frustrated breath* While I was with you in Georgia…
- Conan rocks! Just learned how to cut and paste!
Just witnessed some guy get to 2nd base with that drinking fountain... Nasty
Franchise Tax Board: Downtown for a meeting and will discuss Twitter, FaceBook and YouTube. This will be a sample for my presentation.
is coughing... too much rain on saturday night?
next time I'll instagram it. :)
btw I like that your twitter isn't private any more.
Just in case you missed it earlier today. Anything we make on our Kickstarter these last few hours will go to help the indigenous tribes.
when people dont reply
Yey! its the weekend
Listening to and brief volunteers on today's legislative activity. Thanks to everyone that contacted their Rep.
Only 37 more days until the 137th running of the Kentucky Derby! Have you purchased your hat yet?!
Opportunities are precious!
Happy Mother's day to all the mother's around the world! Remembering always your calm, inner centre, but forgiving yourself when you forget.
Goodnight sleep well
GREAT idea, thanks!!
So I got an email from saying if I reserve movie online i would get free rental code. It's been 2 weeks and nothing yet? Why ?!
watched it - good work DDF!
excited to play the Hard Rock Hotel tonight with by more awesomeness this weekend ( at the Green Mill)!
Omg. Only like 20 peeps a head of me to meet him. We will be best friends for sure
Got my ass kicked (again) this morning at Isn't supposed to get easier now that I'm a "veteran"?
you tweeted me and woke me up. Courtney, I got this problem, i wanna talk more but I gotta get off twitter.
Tuesday: We call "ALL" unsigned talent to the stage. Club Pyramid: 101 Ave. A. BTW 6&7 St. (Lower East Side, NYC). Sign up 8PM, 18+, $10-
If 25 people tweet back to me ill have a giveaway on my #youtube tweet baby tweet!! :-)
sorry for delay, u got a lot of videos which one u want featured.
“: So I'll just tweet today... Not too many calls or text are gonna be answered sorry”it be like dat!
God give me patience
Everything you are, makes you beautiful.
Hate red lights!
quit being so busy and hangout.
you. are. so. funny.
I know they'll break my heart in April again, but I gotta say that I'm liking the Capitals starting the yr 7-0.
Sweatshirts are really hard to set on fire.
Gimmie ha twitter name RT : I bet yall won't @ the bitch
IM READY FOR ALFREDO TO MAKE ME SMILE AND MAYBE FOLLOW ME PLEASE.......love you <3 gotta #BELIEVE right
Luck is when preparation meets opportunity. www.Rshamar.com
didn't see anything..
I agree. Yeah it's inconsistent and i don't understand the punishments for the crimes.
that was pretty fun!
Netflix down for anyone else? Service disruption in Pittsburgh. Is this why I am supposed to pay double the price?
It feels good when you can finally train your heart to not feel pain. Heart so worn it got calluses
you all know louis is tired of the carrot shit, right?
Hah. That's another doozie. I expect I will be unconsciously humming some sort of mash-up shortly.
Whats wrong honey?
hey, no I wasn't! I had knocked out >.<
Phantom of the Opera, Beauty&the Beast, Wicked and Lion King and Next to Normal are some of mine!
Are you providing personal valet parking services at tonight if it's raining?
omg, I'm tired too. You better get that paper done tho. lmfao. OMG DID YOU HEAR ABOUT THE SIGNING THING!
Ugh if y'all knew the story you'd be venting
"I can see two of you and it's fucking awesome"
Genre you like?
Linking my belief to something that is higher then l
WHO'S NEXT? Let the beast feast!!!!!!!!
Thanks for SO, Hilton!
yes check your inbox
Also, can release to public domain at any point if bk isn't selling and we don't want to do any more editions.
good how are you <U+263A>
Thanks so much for the
my goodness look at that view .
Simon, great to connect with you! Please let me know if you would like to read any of my work. Best, Matthew
please don't hate me! :/
Girls wearing sorority sweatshirts automatically make me less attracted to them.
8th National Championship! WOW!!!! Bring on #9!
One of those days.
Happy Monday! Our hibachis will be fired up in 34 short minutes!
ha what's up witchu?
haha. think of a smart car going off roading..thats me
Stopping for drinks/eats ? Our gallery's right next door for an artful break. Enter at green awning. Open till 6pm today!
Considering it! RT : Get a Cafe Cubano... :) That always works!
ima go to the As vs Dodger game coming up. I'll let you know incase you wanna roll
you dont forget troubles, you either push them in the closet and wait for them to grow into issues, or handle em like an adult right now.
Did you know we're open early? Really early! 6:30am Monday through Thursday!
Looking forward to Gardenscape this weekend. Stop by and see the display we designed for Unique Garden Sheds.
Coffee can jump start your mind...but not your body.
So excited to see my Morgan 4 neighbor and alum Casey Hayward get drafted by the Packers. So cool.
Cleaning out today and making donations to Goodwill and Friends of the Library. It's a good thing!!
Free posters limited time only
Raza, lets make our own film about Chuey starring Marc Anthony as Jesus & J Lo as Mary, the whore Mary not the virgin Mary.
"Arent you glad you have a mind.....?"
awesome!! Please spread the word brother! Like us on fb! Be blessed!
hey Bill, how r u? long time no talk. Miss seeing you around eworld. How's your year going? Drop a line from time to time
'he' and 'asshole' tend to go together...
I'm jumping out the window...I'm letting everything go.
Hahahaha nice RT Has anyone checked on the Creation Museum?
DayQuil, NyQuil, oj, and cough drops!!! Hopefully I get well ASAP!
Fucn dying lol : This nigga wanna know my favorite color...because?? Um yeah, Im a need u to stfu talkin to me.. and now!"
It's a warm summer day! Great opportunity to take some beautiful I <3 Art photos...
Nutrition is the Secret to the Cure...
#youknowyouareagolferwhen while packing you find is tees and golfballs everywhere
come home already!!
He is one insecure ass nigga smh. Starting to blow the fuck out of me
It's okay to hit a female but don't hit her with all your might
Can't wait till the finals to see my favorites back!!!!!
hey bro. What's the name of these Apartments so I can check them out.
Would like to take the time and wish everyone a Merry Christmas. i hope it was a joyful one, and that the merryment was plentiful!
SCREW OVARIES JUST GET IN ME ALREADY MAKE ME HAVE MY LAST ORGASM OF MY LIFE
Why they play half of the song -Refill !!!! ????
Google Voice gives you one number for all your phones, voicemail as easy as email, free US long distance
oh wow! I love them :D
and then there were nine!
You are on the right path.
um...that was supposed to include "MUTUAL!"“: I like you.”
Congrats on 2 followers!
Finally finished my homework :D
I love to sing and dance; I love the whole process of putting on a production. :--)
Thanks for sharing! It's hard not to love a pooh bear!
Your tweet just went viral and so did this one...
I mentioned this Boeing Hanger is big - but President just said you can fit Disneyland inside
Thanks for the RT
Ouch. Don't tell the landlord that. Still blame it on USPS.
I hope you get ran over by a train (:
yayayayayyy!!! I can't wait! I've always wanted to take your course, as I adore everything you do!
yes, I am happy.
On Friday. invite Your Friends. If You're gonna forget, invite them now..... We're connecting with the U.K. It's badass. Only 1 in The U.S.
Not a problem. Always supportive of #realmodels. Delight is mine. #FollowFriday RT : Thanks
~smirks~ I dunno...the waves don't seem good enough fir surfing to day..
Shit, KY won the National Title tonight? I was paying more attention to Miami chanting "Yes! Yes! Yes!" nonstop for on
that is awesome! Scarlet smile is amazing as well! And to our knowledge first UK fan. Is it nice over there?
It would be MUCH harder to but itz like, u just assume cause u on a bed I want u naked?! Let me order from the menu myself..thx.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> i love you thing thong! I miss you!
Congratulations, Auntie!!!!! ;)
please follow she is you biggest fan!77
"Surrounded by Idiots!" - Richard Danielpour's prelude about life in New York City, played by the brilliant pianist Xiayin Wang, now on CNE
I only check it out cause it was beat other than that I give that shit 4 thumbs <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
that sly SOB. Do send pics.
Where am I supposed to be in 5 years? Does He have a plan for me? Why hasn't it started already?!
Its going great how bout urs? :P
Challenge from Stephen Elliott: don't just be "new', be meaningful
how much do I want to be in Chicago right now!!
tomato cages go for about fifty cents. I'll save you an easy seedling.
30 minutes straight elliptical. 3,044 strides @ setting 10/2. Still cold turkey diet pop. Water n iced tea.
Lunch was good now what's for dinner?
Tech Council Of Maryland Honors Jim Tholen as CFO of the Year At ...
See re Forest Park kidnappings alert
that'd be a hoot. All these spoons clinking bowls in a quiet, dark room.
We're at 5000 ft - he will be just fine!
Wow Josh Chavarria called me obese :(
you tell me!
Sweet. Thank you. I'll check it out!
they will win another before that happens
Starring at a mess of surely important papers wishing they would just dissipate or self ignite.
Seen on the hasthtag feeds: "I didn't ask you to follow me #blocked." Sure showed that person.
Watching the MJ court case and heard the best line. the guy on the stand was asked did he have a copy of paper He said NO I hope you do'''
Dear Aunt TUAW: Help me drive with Siri | TUAW - The Unofficial ...
7:37. Sound like a plan?
Lamb stroking that bitch
The pink heart one? That's our dog's dish. I have a little round bowl with fish on it. Hey! I want a pink heart dish, MOM!!!
PS: Don't die out there, K?
So looking forward to meeting you too !
just bc yu N Chris brown beat us back in the day dnt mea i cant dunk yo ass now
Hi! Were new to Twitter & Old Town. Come taste our scrumptious fro yo!
Still cloudy haha, have an offer in Miami, potentially a couple more back in LA, and still plugging away apps allover. You?
Better now? (lishost) one of the servers was fubar for a while. Load is back to normal now, and your site looks good
asked my dad to cut me some watermelon, all i see is him assasin a watermelon with a ninja sword, wth! :o lol
Beauty and the Beast was nominated for an Emmy in 1991 but lost. 70's teen idol Robby Benson is the voice of Beast.
I WAS JUST ABOUT TO SAY THAT. YOU SHOULD GO ON OOOOOVOOOO(;
I'm such a go getter
Just launched the new towel yesterday ... Had my first sale of 3 today
weekends with >>> <U+E418>
Classic. *photography
RT : fish with the cooking oil already in. >hadn't thought of it that way.But I don't like to eat fish anyway.catch n release
hey peeps in Green Bay & surrounding areas: DRIVE SLOW! Roads are slick!
Library basement: compensating for my test on wednesday and the weather.
please follow? i love you so mucho
and the caption title is all wrong, it should say "OC LOSERS" haha I'll think about it
Our interns are praying the fire of evangelism, the power to reach The One over all the people of
Oh, I see I didn't miss much by not watching this Boston v Philly game thru three quarters.
Soul Asylum Studios!! AKA #TheCastle "Where Kings Rise" !!
why does he run a keylogger on her computer? so yeah i know all that too
Good morning everyone have a happy Friday
#ThoseDaysWhen you just need to get away.
:O they're disgusting! Lol
That's the only good thing that came out of that
I'm thinkin bout cooking homemade egg rolls, chicken fried rice, orange chicken & mayb sweet & sour chicken as well!!! Love 2 cook & eat
The ATL can't handle The Truth.
dont shoot the dad, don't shoot the dad!
42% what? Is this a racial joke?
you are so awesome 4good 4ever friends jejejeje i am a little monster
and friday im not too busy in the daytime.
okay you got me what do I need to explain
i guess he was right.. i do miss him :(
i say what's on my mind i don't care if it offends you. And if i don't like, trust me i wont pretend to . -Drake
2011.07.26 #Brewers 3 #Cubs 2 | So sweet back at home / Ax man ties Brewer record / with 25th straight
watching tear it up for GB right now
I hope this twin of mine have no enemies out here cause everbody greeting me as "Mathew I see u been hitting the gym hard!!!!! " Lol
- Thanks for the RT!
I cant believe I am about to vote lol
I just want what I can't have.
You're Boring. I want to see other cities. ... You're Dull. And you're only a hamlet.
sent it bro!
DO NOT over cook it, just till it turns slightly transparent. Best breaded with mayo then in panko crumbs.
#SongsThatMakeYouWannaFight Troll song.
you too, my dood #TEAMNUKEM brand cottage cheese, ftw
Agreed! RT : I am shocked to my bones at his witty and fidgety displays.This world is on the verge of precipice
Ok headed to the gym now do make sure your getting the "beach body" in shape for your first bikini day xo
I went out to buy pillows and baskets and came back with a huge dragon statue instead. #Bali is the land of impulse buying!
Did you find the missing gifts?
sick! Is this your first fight? If not, do you have any on youtube?
I don't like the 2-3-2 NBA format either. The team with home court advantage for the series doesn't have it thru 5 games
Drap it to the flo make that ass shake, make the ground move thats an Ass-Quake
whats wrong with H&M ?
hm....3 anime dudes i should date...ok! 1. Len Kagamine(14 years old and a great singer!)-vocaloid 2. Sora (Change of heart!)...
I work for shady fucking people
And it's good to see joining the fun...
Today I celebrate my third anniversary being married to my wife Jewel, my caramel sweetheart. Happy anniversary, darling. Love you forever.
Yeah, I know I have no chance at meeting him. Ha. I just want to know why they made a wedding for a couple all about her.
you my friend are too kind. Thanks for the shout out & encouragement! Unicorn magic coming your way.
you really had commitment to the Ramona lifestyle! I kind of want to reread them, actually.
LOL! nice one.
another way to look at interning/volunteering is that, with experience, you know if you really want the job or not.
I am soo excited to get out of high school.
My head is feeling heavy. Make it go away.
Come to the next psychic fair April 17th and 18th from Noon to 8P.M. at the Pyramid of Enlightenment
You ain't got enuff money!! get big!
For our fashion friends, who are some of your favorite designers?
relaunch is still coming for it was put on backburner with a new App launching CherryPickApp.com cc:
just remember what they pay their staff, that should provide sufficient context
we're fine without V though
My nigga I'm
Thats that shit that drives me crazy.
haha yeaah! I wanna be 1D friends with everyone who goes tomorrow! Even though so far it's five people.. lol x
To be nobody-but-yourself -- in a world which is doing its best, night and day, to make you everybody else -- means to fight the
Sanjay, the Indian wife beater, headbutts his wife at 7.30 every night......on the dot
Going with the family to our first Tiger's game of the season! Go TIGERS!
can I video chat you?? am such a big fan and ily!!!:)I have to ask you a important question??!!:)Ty!!ILY!
The new version of Ubuntu OS based on Linux looks very interesting. I might just do a dual install on my home PC.
something in your eyes is making such a fool of me.
damn. I would be livid. Move to a better neighborhood.
and the man speaks..well...types.
Its a shame everyone's home for break and not getting a load of my sweet new haircut.
Holy shit. AND #AtTheSameDamnShow!? I must be in attendance.
swamped with Mothers Day crowds be careful haha
I agree Moriah - too many self-absorbed people these days. Seems to be the "trend" or something. Sad. :(
#Cain says "I've seen women sexually harass men." Yes, that's how it usually goes, b/c it's so hard 4 a woman in restaurant biz to get laid
Dog park with Banchi. Love Vegas today sunny and 72
Ever wanted to ask Pres. Madison something? My pal is meeting him tonight. Ask with ->
love it. I'm dedicated to my Apple products!
...learning fast...never a dull moment...
Pipeline - Iron Monkey Men & Crab Women Augie sits with the second collection of Matt Fraction and Salvador Larroca's "The Invincible Iro
Na I'm at West End Johnnies it's bumping right now. They have a guest DJ from Canada name DJ Flash and he's killing it!
We live in a society where bacon makes grown folks happy!! LOL
what's that mean?
I'm telling you.... Biron SUCKS!!!!
Inside of every old person is a young person that says, "What the hell happened?" Happy Birthday Big Bry!
I never lost as much weight as when either physically or emotionally sick. Apparently I've been well for a while. :-)
Congrats #notredame. 2nd is the first loser.
Cheers Evan. :D
Somebody plz tell kaiyon to go back to sleep!!
Stadium Jumping and Dressage. I made a choice long ago to become a pro rider here instead due to the lack of family support.
I just made the most delicious cookies ever!
These things take a while bc we need to re-report, write, edit, etc.
CONGRATULATIONS TO THIS YEAR'S GRADUATES! Your success means the world to us and we can't wait to celebrate with you on Sunday!
I jumped on their waitlist right away. I suggest stalking their facebook page for tickets.
"Do not wait for extraordinary circumstances to do good action; try to use ordinary situations."
To all the people who think that I starve myself... I just ate: A bag of triscuts, elios pizza, apple sauce, three twinkies and a salad
Humidity. The ultimate #southerngirlproblem. Unfortunately today it´s also a
NEW STUFF UP IN MOJO'S WORLD!!! New -- Rock&Roll Quiz, Music Video of the Day, Mojo's TV Clip, New Pic of the Day & a new Jigsaw puzzle!
Hello personal twitter account. It has been far too long.
I agree with that.
pirates Saturday with Ron and Brent?
So I was brushing my teeth & I gagged on my toothbrush a tad which led me to throw up. I was pretty excited! Breakfast round 2!
Renting a car in LA is flipping redonkulous. Costs as much as to fly there in a damn airplane.
Maybach Corporation™ Coming Soon.
i agree c:
Happy Greek Easter!!!
Blogging for check out "Two Moms at Comic-Con" preview night at www.kprifm.com
We are about to have band rehearsal. Working on new songs today!
It happens to be the birthday of my favorite person on the planet. Happy birthday, !
Ha! 2's not enough? How many do u guys have now? I am enjoying getting bits of my life back.
:( because my boyfriend would get upset with me.. lol
Tried to suffocate a Bitch... Sat on a Face.. Great head game.
RT Today's secret(not-on-menu)flavor is DC CUPCAKES BANANA SPLIT!! Order it by name, and it's FREE! 100/ location, 1/ customer
Just gave away 2 shirts on Facebook. Go like us now! Get updates, specials and info!
one of us, write a some lyrics of any song, and guess who the singer is,
J. Cole Debuts At Number 1, Pushes 217k (AllHipHip News) J. Cole has finally arrived, as the young rapper managed to move over 217, 000 o
babe lets burn this world to the ground and make our own and i know that itll be perfect cause itll be just you and me
yeah I like that one too!
Now it's over! #Broncos can now start climbing back to the top.
The US is the only major country in the industrialised world that doesn't guarantee healthcare to all of its citizens.
Funding for Oasis exhibition in Paris is "getting closer"! ONLY 4 more day, Original drawings and paintings for your support!...
Is the hotest guy from one direction!
Thats wzup... I appreciate the info.. Lets network and make it happen!!
I must say, for entertainment, the #CollegeSlam college dunk contest is the best idea ESPN ever invented.
thanks! glad you enjoyed!
where at?!
You do not have to behave like a wild animal in the zoo in order to get your point across.
RT : Sarah Palin once had sex with a basketball player. Good for her. Can we get back to talking about her shitty politics?
Very - but needs polish & packaging
I think it's evident I will probably never be a hipster, but I reserve the right to borrow some of their clothes and steal their music.
You can erase someone from your mind, but getting them out of your heart is another story.
I get it, Tammy. You shop books on price. Kinda like the wine customer who buys a box of Gallo. Sorry to lose you as a reader.
Everyone can be passionate but it takes a real lover to be silly..
Hollddd up . . . .So this woman doesn't wanna take me to the store???
its funny how bon iver grew on you
In the same way, let your good deeds shine out for all to see, so that everyone will praise your heavenly father. Matthew 5:16
thank you for spreading yoga love
S/O to my new followers
Funny. Whenever interviewed Bubba, he had around 240,000 Twitter followers. Welp, that's changed a little now. Try 440,000.
I love windy Boston today.
Everything will be okay in the end. If its not okay, its not the end.
She has a “sourire radieux” (radiant smile) and a “pétillante” (sparkling) personality
'i don't have time to go out between now and 6 o'clock ' translation... 'i want to stay in and play mass effect 3'
i wanna move to cali, quite honestly it's beautiful there!
is your real name Samuel, because that would be soo funny.
I'm driving from the hotel , parking is gunna suck though :/
how many shirts should we make though?
Bout to change my twitter name
A solid effort so far thanks to Harrellson stepping up his game. GO CATS!
I'm amazed at how much work is in involved in taking 1 little week off.
can anyone do a #SHOUTOUT for me?
the things I would do to your sweet ass!! Its perfect!!!
Thnx for suggesting restaurant. This place looks amazing! It's definitely being added to my list for the graduation!
Did you know you can borrow my book for free on Amazon Prime and Kindle Lending Library?
Forgot my moms birthday, injured, and can't to te party of the year. FML.
hey got your message! need to postpone this idea, will let you know when we organize our thoughts better haha.
Look at him(;
Bush didn't try. Entered a war he knew was wrong. Now many have died.
Tomorrow is Mother's Day? Prepared?
Today is recording day: final touches on new video coaching that will empower athletes to play in the zone!
Jennifer Grey's career really went downhill after her nose job.
"Flexibility is the antidote for uncertainty" - Alison Moore, VP Process & Product Engineering, Amgen
So, what am I supposed to be doing now?
Hello? City equalize!!
Every body gotta learn from themselves n ur own mistake ain't nobody gonna hold ur hand thru life get up on ur own too feet
follow me??
much like paid likes/followers, paid reviews/ratings are events, not customers. No app feedback, evanglisim, etc.
Online Marketing Jobs Center Celebrates Launches in Germany on May 1st With ... - SBWire (press release)
Thurs., March 29, 4 p.m., 271 CSH, Biotechnology Seminar: "Responses of Arteries to Altered Blood Flow and Pressure."
Smh. I knew that was coming. Lbvs
want to raise awareness about how basic reading skills can bring millions about of poverty. can u give us a plug on ur radio?
Congrats! That's awesome! (Sorry for the late response - been out sick...)
so excited you were able to come tonight for the pageant
Beautiful afternoon in the burgh! Stopping by Klavons in the strip for some ice cream!
No, wait juice in my locker
how am I NOT following you.. I swear twitter be messing up sometimes.... I was following you before.. sowry
when i look at a guy, the first thing i look at is the feet, nails, hair, and teeth.
Changing a culture is a long and arduous task. "Rome wasnt built in a day" hard to find the all the answers at once.
Gallardo is no
Yes! We're at home the next couple games, which i'm hoping pays good dividends.
you read my mind cause I wad just about to tell your ass that you're fake !
Apple is apparently packaging Project Gutenberg's Public Domain library with the iPad
haha omg, that is so her!
One of the finest forms of rebellion is living an unconventional life. /via
that's good! I play soccer sometimes, but I'm just working out now
The first coffee shop in London was established in 1654 and was called Oxford’s Queen’s Lane Coffee House. It is now a Jamaican restaurant.
I'd have to be insane to pass up an eve with you, , and after hours! sadly, I might be insane ;)
Looking forward to the next year here at Poised Creation!
Neva plan yo future a head of time the shit bad luck..
got a feelin my girl cheatin but she act like she behave but when a nigga leave she gone act amazed but i guess some shit dont change!
I just love too much!
It's alright. Too bad you had to see this game.
serious inquiry add me to ur creative new media team.
So. Freaking. Jealous. RT : Digging into a Blood Orange Chobani at the plant just made my day!
some people really need to watch what they say especially on the internet. like seriously.
Preorder the new MIS joint on itunes right now! It officially comes out tomorrow so get it now!
#awesomerandomfact RT : It looks to an observer as if you're saying "I love you" if you mouth the word "colorful".
Looking for inspiration to reach your goals? Go watch the movie "Soul Surfer"
we are looking for more servers in brea at cheesecake
Hey Dave, I have a story idea I wanted to run by you. Mind if I shoot you an email?
I wish karma would come back to you already, but it hasn't.
Thanks to Brian at on colonial in Orlando, I'm starting a new gym membership this weekend. Too long dealing with planet fitness!
and now im logged in
-What state you in?
im bout to twitter rape you. Lmao
I always think of when I pass by Hubertus.
The Two Requirements for a #Rule 1 Investment is: 1-Wonderful business 2- Attractive price. -Phil Town
Happy Easter Everyone (:
“: Last #newgirl episode of the season is on tonight at 9/8c!” What? Well, the Mayan apocalypse can begin tomorrow.
Which incarnation? I can watch "Next Generation" anytime!
True but Tbone rarely needed relief. Either way it's fun to think about
#TeamTexans my prediction jags get murdered by Andre Optimus Prime Johnson o yea
then you should send me one! ;-)
hell yea girl I'm getting done,getting faded!!! I have 3 more blunts to go, wyd?
Now I want to put something with a ridiculous rainbow text shadow in there...
3 New song now ready for your ears. Check them out, let me know.
Michel Hazanavicius – The Artist wins Best Director. #Oscars. My Personal pick Woody Allen, Midnight in Paris
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterIf all you do is complain about people tweeting too much. This is twitter, not facebook.
Thanks for the #FF love!
#np notorious big - spit your game
I like how the internet has its rhythms. Weekend relax, week explode.
True. RT : Bummed out? listen to Iron Maiden and Ministry. Instant happiness.
I just realized our usernames are in the same format, hee!
Lmfao. Yeah, remember when 516 was king?
organizing, storing, packing, planning for September. 9 work days to go!
Ramona's class is at 2pm thurs, so depends on when we are done, not sure if she needs us, would be nice to see guest, fri was better
I think should be a wine investor. Sine Qua Non is up her alley!
the feeling when the person you're laying next too is knocked out & you're wide awoke ....
Cleaning the house like a boss!!
Rebel Morris sounds like a sharp-shooter in a Western but she is a former paralegal doing a bang-up job with her blog on the unidentified.
Boys had fun at the USA game, now its one to our first scrimmage. Hope International comes to Oxy for a 3 pm kickoff!
R.I.P. Uncle Leo.
Troy City Council: Stalemate — No quorum, no business
“: McMillian played SS at Maine and was gunner on special teams” -- with dreadlocks. Gotta have 'locks to play safety.
They're all retired military though so they've earned the right to say whatever they want.
Don't forget, we also have gift baskets and gift cards available for the holiday season!
• Bwahaha...injury plagued.career bruh...I should be good for the summer league tho...lol
RT Bent with 5 goals thus far this year close to making it 5 players in last 5 seasons with 6+ goals in EPL.
Playing at Red, White and Bluezz in Pasadena tonight with Ian Martin on bass! 6:30-9:30. Who's Oscar? Never heard of him.
I mean yeah i guess ! lol
In honor of the royal wedding, I am going to drive on the wrong side of the road today! Be on the look out!
I ain't with the rappin you gotta show me something
k, <3 I'm gonna fly to my aunts right now and go to ur house<321
ridiculousness!!>>> :D bahahahaha
#ImHopingThat dinner is in my near future. I need to feed.
Teach for America info session TONIGHT 6-7 in the Stamp’s Prince George’s Room. Learn how you can improve communities and boost your career!
Seein dmx break down like this crazy. I feel for him I can't wait to see him sit with his mama next week.
I hate waking up hungry.I never used to. Hoping that this coffee kicks in. For lunch: salmon & veggies.Trying to be better about what I eat)
I look like a damn Christmas present today! Bucky red cap & Paddy's green tee. Go Bucky! Go Beer!
nice pic, how have you been ? Miss u much!
Of course its dark chocolate. Dark and mysterious like the Angel himself.
i luv u more than u will eva know
I don't like you don't breathe my air.
Tea Pot Lounge Blow Out Sale - $30 an 8th: $220 oz All Top Shelf Meds
But is that hot dog u consumed an approved NYT food police certified dignified meal? It's a dog you know, u should check!
ldapsearch: pretty handy, but behaves very differently based on distro and version number.
Cool story, congrats on appearing in the Times
Yu Aint Doing Jack, Yu Need To Get Out Of Here.... Lmaoo, Mr. Harris Funny!
Thx for coming! RT : Sanford-Burnham Stem cell event w and fun peeps (@ Del Mar Racetrack)
I am thinking about printing a promo card in invisible ink. Discuss.
I'm going to Kansas City, Kansas City here I come
#ThingsThatIWantToHappen - my crush falling in love with me.
Come to Viper Alley in Lincolnshire tonight for us and the great FRANKIE BALLARD!
#Blastoffnetwork just added ShockHound to the mall with up to 3% cash back!
Finishing up some #cabinets in a high end home. Let us give your kitchen a facelift too.
Thanks for the RT today.
Top-of-the-Week Tip: Here 's How to Style Leggings for Parties Every week, mystyle staffers, readers, experts and stars offer their fave
Every step I take will be of thinking of you
Under 50 bucks at whole foods, ALL I DO IS WIN.
haha I'll cry with you girl(: and I better be b/c were fangirling buddies now!<3
we wondered if it was cold. Way to tough it out!
Justin did really good. I can't wait for the believe tour. Might get backstage passsess.
i lovee waking up at 6 to go to work
We would love to thank all the artists that work with us. Without their great talents this would not be possible!
probably Davis and Miller! Hate Jones and Lamb leaving too! But sure don't blame them!
Since I'm so amazing, I'll be giving away "TTSF fan" bracelets that I make myself to the two people who tell people to follow me the most.
Would like to pause to remember how awesome #socialmedia is & how awesome my connections are ;) #shamelessplug on how cool my life can be!
#KONY2012 #stopkony now in Emory Clark Hall room 111! Come get your seat now!
Wanna Goto Dave And Busteta And Eat
If you help with the housework, sure.
“: I'm pretty sure I just ran over a bird.”
Boxes and square layout elements are your tyranny
What's up broadripple??
follow me back..thanks
Best Printing Prices in New York***** www.800printingnyc.com > 1-800-PRINTING is New York's #1 Printing Company
hey babe! <3
My Mother's Day morning starting off with breakfast in bed #lovin it
thank u too
Anyone see the new Directv commercial? The one with the guy & the eye patch. Did you think it was weird? I'm just not sure.
thats a great looking board you got there! I see you used Dorkbot PDX - mind if I ask cost of board? About to use them myself :)
Welcome to my house party.
Good Night. Hope you had a Happy Bday!
Nice chica! Was Charlie there?? ;)
Thanks for the Mention!
Great Lineup Tonight on NWST with : on #Seahawks #Tebow and on #Blazers and Howard Non-trade KONG 11pm
Will you keep my friends grandfather in your prayers? He is a veteran and he had a major heart attack last night? Please?
Davy Jones he made it to heaven today.. He was a fun Monkee RIP
I'm in full support of change, unless it's to me.
RT "If a person reads things thinking it's about them, then they're guilty of something" so freakin true! lol
yeah I got it late, that's why I didnt hit you back.
It's so nice to have a bunch of smart folks say "jump, we've got your back."
Do it
1 year $2 million $1 million guarantee TO Yes / no
I guess man....
hi new friend. I can see u indeed. :-)
If you are just now watching #AskScandal GET OFF TWITTER!!! We are in here telling it!!!!
lol me too;) soon for sure!!!
Nitrous oxide: like being drunk, and time moves in fast-forward. Wouldn't do it again. Now recovering, on painkillers.
You must be REAALLLYYY bored.
Going to test out some new stuff at an open mic tn
I see young journalists who if they knew the finished product would be something they cld use, would do more tutorials
Maiden Minnesota was so great. If you didn't go this year, get tickets next year! (The swag bags were hard to lift. Seriously)
also civil rights.
I've laughed at the preview. Don't think I'll watch it until it comes on HBO
I had the best valentine today :) got so many kisses and hugs from my little man <U+E022> he's the only man that'll ever have my heart.
Love u guys!! We all workout, run, bike, exercise - WHY??? Because we LOVE to EAT (and tweet) lol
Welcome back to
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3
Made it safely to Orlando! Jack is scared to walk on Florida grass.
Finished Math FINALLY, Deleting Myspace, then Bed. Cant wait to wake up in 3 1/2 hours.
go pack go love you ryan gryant
as long as he is a triple threat - singer, actor and dancer :))))
please follow me :)
So happy for you!
Apple will replace an iPhone if it's the first time it's happened. Google it for rules...
IN Quotes: "In order to succeed, your vision must be bigger than your fears."
If the US is so uber religious, why don't we get #Easter #Monday off? #Australia's probably laughing at us right now...
First time at #napolese. Kind of excited!
no worries kenz, but you've been missed x
I could really go for some #mcdonalds right now
Playing hangman through texts > (: haha.
Ugh so full
Respond different all 25 times lol RT : Seriously have received the SAME email from the SAME coach 25 times today!
Cup-o-joe, breaking down script, groovin' to , and watching rock quinoa crusted lamb. ADD bliss, thank you!
yeah it does :)
haha I just saw this. What's up?
~Thanks for #FF! Have a great weekend~
cant b a major league & will never compete w NFL bcuz of inconsistency in apply rules Coaches Q & Tort get fined 4 free speech really?
I will lock myself up and never come out
Im just saying though
Having "one of those days". Hope to feel better tomorrow.
Dear diary: The water in the pool is a little chilly today, but extremely refreshing. I let the wait staff go early.
Slut: a woman with the morals of a man.
So...you should get on the chick in HR to hire me at Kil
your walkup music? Did you lose a bet?
Roger Goodell upholds the suspension of Sean Payton, Joe Vitt and Mickey Loomis.
happy hour tomorrow? You should come check out the office too. Unless you're classing it up again at carnegie hall...
Thanks, but I'll continue my search. I've seen your interior decorating. RT>>>>“: I got ya big guy!”
Just ran into the homie Much love to the fam
"If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader."
Hello 87 degree Durham, NC.
You know how batman would get the bat signal. A baby's cry is kinda like that to
The night awaits you.
How you doing Mr. Victor I was wondering if you were looking for one more artist to manage? Please let me know Ill send music.
Social media & sports
Good to have you here! Welcome!!
Okay are we ready to RAMble? Let's go
I love all these solid teams losing it when they play us. Our forecheck and defense is amazing. This is how a Stanley Cup team plays.
Your welcome.
lol how did what go?
i like to talk and talk and talk
I wanna know the things you're thinking, I wanna be at the place where you are
Thanks for the follow!
#SinceIamBeingHonest I really don't care what 99.99999% of people have to say about 99.9999% of the time
Now we can settle this like you got some class…or we can get into some gangsta shit, Charlie Brown
"Something tells me a lot of laundry will be done this evening," VP of Finance George Latter said in email
Ryan Brown, you've won a Tier 3 prize from the Raffle-O-Tron! Please claim your prize in the atrium.
Eric, thank you for voting for us. Because of people like you, we made it! We are playing the Hard Rock. More info later.
damn sis I c u got haters smdh
Many thanks, , for you will soon be the most comfortable randonneur on the roads.
And neither one of them sings.
Good morning, sweetheart.
$12 Tuesday Time! Any 18" 2 topping pizza is ONLY $12 all day long.
Oh i feel like going for a walk.
I can, but I also like a hard copy of it too
...oh I love this photo shoot already cannot wait to see the final product!
#BeforeYouExit love you guys <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> bye! x
maybe....maybe not...
unfortunately, 3) zealots are immune to logic
Congratulations James. You have signed up for the Missouri Hunter Education Course.
RT RT : Sometimes I like to pretend I can drive like the fast and the furious guys <U+26A0>??<U+26FD>??
Find an exercise activity u enjoy and u'll b more likely 2make it part of ur daily routine.Remember 2stay balanced by eating a healthy diet!
Wow, hey Jenny, long time no see!
You betcha! That's the way it works. And he did it with almost no money: $299,934,223,432!
The size isn't the problem. Like you'd know. Ha ha ha.
Whaddup S to the Faber! I had lunch with DNL last week, we were talking about you.
#wordoftheday Reconnoiter (v) To make an inspection or observation. /// Use in a sentence! Best one read @ 6:50am on 91.3fm.
ok jew
I love 's new "I hate change" button.
Happy Birthday to one of our stars Bryan Becker!!
Bout to be a benedryl kinda night. #can'tsleep
RSVP for the Kevin Turner Foundation Golf Tournament on April 23rd in Nashville and the Superstars and Cigars party on April 22nd!
ok ur weird oh so ur listin to noahs song lol how was the flight???? Miss ya
I was afraid of that. ~Celebrate good times. Come on~
wow 1,500 likes thanks everyone.
i still haven't been able to stop smiling. :D
Improv line of the day: "these bathrooms are close together"
Did Culberson do anything tonight? Like seeing #FlyingSquirrels actually getting a big league start.
Wesley Matthews says he's "excited" about Gerald Wallace's return to the Rose Garden tonight.
Every tree counts - let's keep on planing!
We love how #madmen still applies to us!
I eat way too much sugar! Any helpful tricks to kick the habit?
LOL! :) Do you have Knerd t-shirt? If you'd like, DM us your address and we'll mail you one. Thx again!
Yoga is excellent for stretching and flexibility. Weight training for lean muscle.
i hate that word "bye"
. how about we ... watch g06/7 at Turkey's Nest i.e. TN. Go Buckz 2012-13. Coach Skiles & GM Hammond will optimize outcomes.
awww :) hahaha I can't wait! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it.
Make me come alive Come on turn me on Touch me, save my life Come on and turn me on
TY. "Liquid" is my go-to tack-on adjective. It is especially compatible w/ awesome. As in "That 4-iron was liquid awesome."
it was great having you guys in. Sorry again about the tire! :)
coffee, eggs, re-cap in anticipation for tonight
life is so hard...just trynna swallow the pill of it is hard. They say "no pain, no gain". So i guess ima gain, nd let this storm past.
This game is incredible
That scenario sounds like it could make a nice premise for a cormac mccarthy novel (unless you get there first!)
lovely! about to dig into a stack of thank you notes.
we will miss you too!
Happy Friday the 13th guys! ;p Tell all your friends about today x
is so perf <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
Hot Saturday night date at Home Depot.
I'm breaking out in hives. Aaaaaaggggghhhhhh. :///
And that sir, is a fair assessment.
Heck yeah. Time of our lives! We'll go crazy!!! <3
Eden B from Rock Tavern, NY just saved her spot for our intensive at New York Performing Arts Center!
oh can't see! Please describe. :-)
Think it's been 7 or 8 months since I used the twitter machine
I need food and sleep. Bad. But instead, I have a dentist appointment. How delightful.
Happy 21st birthday You taught me I can do whatever I want and nobody can tell me I can't. Thank you.
Mullen's made this a game after early 5-0 hold. Columbine leads 9-7 going to 4th.
chrittttty cat you coming up for fredfest?
The Story of the Treasure Seekers by Nesbit, Red Pyramid by Riordan, Wind in the Willows by Grahame
Public Opinion... an attempt to organize the ignorance of the community, and to elevate it to the dignity of physical force. ~ Oscar Wilde
My publishing house needed a quote/statement from me for a press release tonight. Do I feel cool? Yes. Yes, I do. :o)
Attention, all you die-hard Orioles fans: If you bleed orange and black, you should probably see a doctor.
your statuses are scaring me.. Y
:) and ur posting reviews on today? Feeling the love!!!
gonna start unfollowing people who continually post verses from the Bible
lols is hilarious
Yeah Baby! RT How are you #badger fans feeling about #ballforheisman? via - RT with your support?
- That video is priceless!!!
aww, hi! (I have some new songs coming out Tues!) RT you are simply amazing and inspirational. I want your CD!
that's how i'm feelin'. -______-
no your not.
no.! Its "sexy fantastic five".! ;)
The water was glass this morning. Me and a few seagulls out. Nice way to kick off a Tuesday.
And I Aint Seen All Of Yall In A While, But This Summer Thats Changing
Relaxing in the snowy Berkshires...
I shoot the ball so we can all when,
Teacher & Student: "You give $10 to a friend, he needs $5 he will return....?" "Nothing" "You don’t know Math!" "You don’t know my friends!"
have you checked out the rest of the acoustic ep? Or some of our other cds?
Thank you!!! i'll try to help you out in some kind of way. hopefully if one of us get to him we can mention each other.
RT : To make an original contribution, you have to be irrationally obsessed with something.
I'm almost certain that and I, dated the same douche.
"every child in WV deserves a quality education no matter where they live" What about giving them choices?
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!
Her: that hurted Me: it hurt Her: I know I just said that Me: no you didn't Her: what? Me: nevermind, go get a bandaid. Lol
The Very Hungry Caterpillar by Eric Carle: Gluttonous bug eats lots and then flies away!
we are happy as well :)
"Jay Leno likes cars, hey?"
surely they'd have u on but if u want to respond in a vacuum get your own show on fox
We love you guys! watch out for some January announcements!
We have a new server ready - vpn-co35 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in London, UK
Lmao! Josh Hamilton sliding on the tarp!!!! Awesome!!!!!!
El vital east village perfect padre people watching, mahi, shrimp ceviches rock, pear margarita yum
#Upgrade to this app
Junior dance tonight
Already counting down the hours until i can come home and nap.
in a true analogy, the Admiral joins twitter, and then Olajuwon creates the new twitter and sells it for 2 Billion
Approx the 1st week of June RT any idea when NCA paper acceptance will be announced? late May/early June?
#mke next round of snow in IA now will be here this afternoon 1-2" expected with most falling after sunset. Slow eve. commute tho.
Cherry limeades from sonic>>>>>
romeo & juliet is so fuckin' depressing :(
FYI, I responded to the email...
honestly, this is the first time in a while, that a Tim Burton film just doesn't interest me...
I <3 alliteration!
Good Night boys. Can't wait to see your #morningwood pics when I wake up. ;)
rt A hand-written note is a powerful motivator. It shows your heart in a way that's totally lost in email and Twitter.//agreed!
Are you stopping by tailgate on your way to the stadium?
San Diego has got a serious Basketball Jones: Go SDSU Aztecs!
Morgan Burnett was 71st overall.
hey your popular right? please can you mension me to get more followers!? xx lol xx
Omg #MIOBI is so freaking awesome!!!:)
That was an awesome sentiment! Active military & veterans can never receive enough Thanks for their sacrifices. :-)
If you're going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
Shared the premise of my (latest) WIP with my agent, (after 1st getting feedback from the gals.) #amwriting (1/2)
Just had a nice bath^^
Welcome to the Tweeter!
Enjoying an extra nite with (my Betsy)!
hi I hope you're having a good day c:
thx for sharing our article! hope you found it interesting!
If you can have fun with how you do what you do.. thats half the battle ~If they only knew~
Cross promotion with #DeadliestCatch? Really? Ugh.
uh-huh,
Thanks for letting your list follow us
Bummed I can't be at the CD release party for . Been sick all week and still recovering. Good luck !
mos wanted killed it omg.
Shout out to The students at B .TEACH ACADEMY!!! I had a blast today with you all. See ya in a couple of weeks #fashiongigs #F³
rest in peace mike the world will miss you.
Approximately 1 billion people throughout the world go to bed hungry every night.”
Our feature today is a delicious turkey, bacon and avocado sandwich with Havarti cheese, lettuce and tomato on wheat bread. $9
2 NBA, several overseas!!! Hell yes Im ready!
you want to know what is fun? meth
Did you see the story on the #ClassenCrawl tonight on Fox 25?
Success comes when you work hard to obtain it!
Going to be a real shame when BAPD Com. Stan Valchek has Josh Hamilton "detained" because Angelos says his office windows feel threatened.
Coolest car I saw yesterday <---very cool
Benefit is tomorrow! Please share us for ff and retweet your little hearts out. Thank you for helping.
Zumba Toning has been moved to Thurs night this week ONLY. Head over to tonite @ 7pm for regular Zumba with !
Damn dude you're all over my hood!
I needa find something to do im bored out my mind ... =/
Ain't that the truth! Your honesty is much appreciated though!
If you need some wedding planning or coordinating, invitation designs or ideas! Follow she'll make sure your day is PERFECT!
dwindling supply of followers!!! damn!!
we are all in this together, eh? Thanks for the shout out!
you know it!
Wow!! Small world, indeed! I love these connections! :)
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1732 composer Franz Joseph Haydn was born. He is known for helping to develop the Classical style.
Don't forget to support the Timbers U23s as they play PSA Elite on Tues. at 730p at JWF. 1st Rnd of US Open Cup.
Happy Valentines Day Chevy lovers
Last night's dream: I was spiderman and was terrorizing my aunt...then suddenly she decided to sing Love Story by T. Swift lol
As it should be! Thanks for mentioning us, Todd!
Thanks for the shout out! :)
No way i could forget you or your voice! good times :-)
your welcome! I know how much it mean to you:) & everyone<3
I'll Have Another !
its just I've been working my butt off for what feels like nothing
Now that, thats what i call a deal! :D
If there is one thing I know for sure Wisconsin liberals HATE, it's using a public computer for campaign/politcal related uses.
I write raps in my sleep
20 cool points. See you!!
I think the whole Harbaugh situation is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. So you're saying they didn't cheat. I'm confused.
Olaaa Dayaanna.......baby please unban me from your cam.....please!!!!...we'd be good together......ok bye Hermosaaa = ] xx
: justifiably skeptical. A many layered handing-over of a check...
that response was slightly lame, you need to rhyme better to if you think you have game
Last night in Lakeland
follow they are so DOPE !!!! Holdin it down for the Bay
Att: all my followers go follow the homies
Watching Boise State game.
wake the fuck up, smell the coffee and feel the intensity of things!
The IAP Photography panel is now reviewing app # 130090 Chris S.
And it's here!
Two more days till my bestest bestest friend flys in from Denver:D<3
Just spend 2 hours on the phone catching up with a friend.
RT If you love Jesus, you have to love the church, 'cause Christ gave himself for the church.'
I've watched it like 5 times already, I just can't get enough haha and I regret nothing
you teal we're team where you as?
Dude wanted to talk about my work. Sorry, not tonight.<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I'm fit
Back to back threes for gasol!
Waiting for Joe Biden to impeach his boss, as he said he would do if a president bombed an ME country without congressional approval.
OH GOD! might have to place a disclaimer on my blog now.
Not Satisfied with Nothin..Just taking life One Day at a time....
Am not fighting; am disagreeing with ur logic & contributing to dialog on team I love & bad mgmnt
Watermelon party in the staff lounge!
I am a bomb like freaking donkey Kong!
Pictures of the super moon look just like any other moon picture. Why was this even a thing?
RT : Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. -Helen Keller
3rd?! What is going on?! All Christina's fault!
*WIN* an E-copy of PRETTY AMY til 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" <---just :30 min left!
Lot of longballs in this 'ere Sox game it seems
#NHL Fantasy Draft tonight. Can't wait to get this season underway! 1st attempt at Fantasy Hockey. Heard it gets pretty hectic. You play?
Becareful with my sweater...its vintage, got it at the vintage market lmfao
Ill see you up there then
Thank you Obama for announcing your support of same-sex marriage.
Following up on the double drownings in Tacoma last week. The story becomes even more heartbreaking. More starting at 4PM today on 101 KXL
Aye somethn gotta
- I know the folks wants Sept, but I may want/need Oct...
NO! jimmy protested
Hm the Child is being Nice.......Too Nice.......what could she want?
RT : RT : "Victory belongs to the most persevering." Napoleon Bonaparte
"Never Without You" Fan Comments: Who says<U+FEFF> that Ringo wasn't creative? He's a fantastic artist!
Just heard #30Rock, #ParksandRecreation, and #Community got cancelled. Lame. & suck
If you're lactose intolerant it is wise to not eat a whole box of Mac N Cheese.
Valerie could you please follow !?!
MLB fired Shyam Das. Can't imagine why. Maybe because he questioned their flawed protocol?
The Phoenix goalie is a jerk.
The Ford staff wishes all the mothers out there a day of peace, joy, flowers and brunch.
Nobody cares about this ginned-up hit piece on Rubio.
"I’m on a quest to claim absolute victory on every front." Hey, #TED Why wasn't invited?
PC or Mac?
Serious flow chop
that does sound good, but i think i have plans around dinner time. text you if i'm out later? sushi soon tho.
lmao my bad i was typing to fast DILLON
-.- I sweaa I'm smart! I left out my gmaa crib w/out my keys & can't get back in. SMFH !
I don't understand people who instead of helping a local buisness see its flaws and become better choose to trash it in a public forum.
Dem church girls the ones you shouldn't really beef with.....
Hey kids! Wim Wenders coming to town. He's doing a Q&A following the 7 pm #pina screening @ Horton Plaza on Thursday, Feb. 23.
I hate when people try to feel bad for me.
gym at 1030 for 4hrs thats bout it x
When tweets have typos <
you have noo idea how badly I want to!!
Every girl should wear make up!
Remember the good ol' days when you weren't the RealityTV Channel and one actually learned about history?
2 more days. This doesn't seem right, I just moved in
I understand, booze was never my thing, even though practically everything else was, I just don't like being drunk
Please RT with an sweet hello to my baby girls Bay and Abbey who have watched The Game Plan 8 Billion times...
I love your work too, you must have the BEST editor ever. He really knows his stuff and is so spot on.
That awesome moment when I find out I'm not invisible to girls!!!!
Sounds like a good plan!
Raw, Raw, Like a dungeon dragon ;)
I'm about to hit Portland...I'll be back tomorrow
When we landed at DAL on Saturday night, "Bad news: Mavs lost" was the 1st thing our parking shuttle driver said to us. Sorry
are those all the new track names? :D
me to!! Yayayaya you gotta see flacheecha now! She's grown up!
Class Challenge: As a class, make a list of all the special things you do. Post the list on the wall and invite the principal to see it.
You need to get our 98pxy mobile app!!!
Psalm 10:14 "But you, O God, do see trouble and grief; you consider it to take it in hand...you are the helper of the fatherless."
Early bird gets the worm, but I'm after the snakes.
wtf? I need photographic proof of this snow.
": Graham Zusi joins todays podcast. #SportingKC fans have any questions you would like him to answer?"
Listening to speak about #CoronaSDK, mobile app development &
i love your new haircut.
You should bake her a nice cake shaped as a heart Or the best present to her is your love and appreciation.
I have one my 5 yr old made I'll be glad to share.
Goodnight!! Praying for
Tectonic Theater is doing "Lord of The Flies" but cast with men in their 60s-70s and set in an office boardroom.
People who don't type properly annoy me so much.. I can't.
Happy birthday!!!
call me maybe again -______- lol
#pacernation about to get this win! Let's do it! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
It should be a great time!! “: we are!”
106 and park it bitch
See Pam Zekman of WBBM TV 2 Chicago rely on me as her legal authority in her investigative report about Legal Helpers in Chicago
'A brand that captures your mind gains behavior. A brand that captures your heart gains commitment.'
#bruins Milan Lucic . . .
Ohio State is the lone unbeaten team in men's CBB heading into this week and became a unanimous choice as the top-ranked team in the API.
very creative
are IN.
What do you mean temporarily incomplete?
I'm late, I know, but better late than never. meet my husband And CB4 is so ridiculous you can't help but laugh.
Blame Canada?
I guess addressed it saying they will air the proper episode on the Thursday replay.
lo. okay good!
Happy birthday to my wonderful grandpa. Love you, Papa!
Give kid free school, he gets upset with his 2013 position & he should be able to take playbook to opponent? #really?
God has a beard, because he wants to looks like Casey abrams
when are youu & the boyz coming to Michigan ?
Juicer recipe: apple, pineapple and rainbow beet. Yum...
be a good boy.
There's a box my brain won't let me open right now. But it has such a lovely bow on it!
Taking your hair out of braids >>
D.W.E Records $500 Talent event TONIGHT Lounge, 7402 Greenville Ave, DALLAS TX. Starts Info: Call Mr Debonair
<- case and point : “: Boredom is not an option, socially or sexually for a #Sagittarius.”
I am not drinking my coffee fast enough.
say, can someone at the MN Capitol get an Adrian Peterson autograph for me? Prefer a jersey or football. Thanks.
Thinking about him ALL day :)
RT : I've learned its not where you record, how much you record but WHAT you record that makes an artist.
Hating life right now
her death is not as sad as they way her life has been the last 8-10 years.
A person with a 100,000,000 looks down on one with 100,000 a person with 100,000 looks down on a person with 10,000. They got us messed up
sounds like you got a future politician right there..
RT : Seattle City Light Restores Historic Ladder Creek Falls Light Show: Seattle City Light is celebrating the restor......
Past and Present We live by the Golden Rule
i love twitter. but i hate #mondays ! no school tomorrow Thrusday or Fridayy (: PARTTTTTYY
Sign up for our newsletter at www.blpdx.com Watch for our latest edition tomorrow w/ Holiday Specials & latest announcements from the Lotus
RT : they should sale their teams. There are plenty of people who would love to buy them. <True dat!! Good Reply!
nah you need to w/ that ol' "I told you so mess." My opinion is that he aint there yet. Add to the fact that u don't respect LeBrick
So we went from actual music from Foo Fighters to an artificial synth track from Rhianna. Speaking of artificial, here's Coldplay.
Anyone know of any good T-Shirt printers around town? It's that time...
ard, cool. What's your email address?? I can send it to you this afternoon
you ladies made my day! Psyched I'm #37 on the manicure post!
what subject are you learning?
Debating porting my number to Google Voice between contracts. Anyone have experience with it on an iPhone? Is it worth the added complexity?
sounds good to me :):)....I just saw you!
When writing blogs for SEO, keep it short and sweet.
Porn haha iv watched it lmfao I think most every body has
The guys on gold rush Alaska are at it again. Wish they would play shows where things went right every once in a while.
I'll treat you like a princess if that's what it takes.
I know a lot of people who could ;-)
Little Brat and Selling Knives to Jesus are submitted to DC Shorts Festival. Looking forward to seeing us on IMDB.
Tonight Is VINTAGE PROM! Who's in?
Epic doesn't even describe that performance. Superstitious was phenomenal! And I wish Cheesa was was still in this!
Falling down is how we grow. Staying down is how we die.
Great lunch with at Mojito, the new restaurant in the Crowne Plaza Tampa. Unbelievable food and atmosphere!
Congrats Michigan! You finally beat Ohio State! Reminds me of all those memorable wins Wisc had against the Fab 5 in hoops.
We need to get one tonight vs. Oakland!
thanks for the follow and will look forward to your reads :)
Franky..Franky..kricky! Tighten up, son! Feel me? Then, why not DO IT???
Beatles for me.
I know just the thing!! Now you just need to find time to visit me at #mgmgrand!
I intend to live forever. So far, so good.
RT : Did some producing/mixing work for the Whitehalls today, creating monster drum tones until the rain killed the power...
great minds think alike ;) “: Sometimes good people make bad choices”
started a new workout regime & got my butt kicked--at least it made setting up my gear at the gig tonight seem easier by comparison
Here's my Sarah Phillips 2cents - she has to be real, but that NBA Memes mishap fucked her up. I wanna hear the whole story so I'm sure...
Hah. Indeed --much like his hair.
Can't wait it tonight. Another PTA Mtg. Sorry ladies!
I play music. I want people to hear my music. most people don't hang out at jazz clubs. where do they hang out?
i follow him , woo :D follow me ? :P
It's a Cougar Football Saturday!
Have to go pick up my tux Thursday....i'm so nervous. what if it looks hideous on me?
Writing tip: If you insist on writing perfect dialog in fiction, your character better be a monarch.
hahaha I'm sure of it ^_^
Omg Ashey Arvizo follows u !!! :D
Baby is doing gr8 mom and dad are good so blessed 2 have this tiny angle in our family he eats alot hugs 2 all
Life doesn't begin until after 12pm.
Will do. I gotta get up there for the show next year. Anything happening later this year? Minishow?
Oh, how HE loves us! <3
which of your restaurants are closest to Washington DC? Need to get it on my "to-do" list.
So excited for my panel on "Working with Bloggers" at #cookbookconf. Hope you will all join me, or watch online (and Tweet questions!) 1:30P
This is officially the worst birthday ever. Good night.
honestly..that 08 darkness is the champ
How was Brigg's? Bet it was packed!
Happy birthday!
Bravo Andy replied to me today and tweeted me hugs and kisses XOXO ...well it was more like xxoo but it meant samething lol love him!
Best news I've gotten all week! RT : We are good to go tomorrow :) and
Amen brother!
My cat seems to think my downstairs neighbor is another cat.
i'm so emotional! america's got talent made me cry. -_-
Why am I utterly powerless over emails?
#boltnation allowed their stadium to be taken over by
Has any seen ?
K so this is my last tweet to you, maybe i'll try and talk t ya tomorrow.
sinus infections flipping suck. I hate my damn allergies. Especially since I have them year round. FML~
nahh just being honest :p
I'm so tired that I don't even know if I'm tired. It makes sense to me, shaddup.
probably little fires. But they broke a whole bunch of windows to stores and just damaged a whole bunch of things.
I'll never let you go
Many thanks for the #FF !
There is a Yellow Pages at my door, it should be renamed dinosaur
Morning walk to work.
I really wanna go eat at Chilli's. it's been too long.
I was wondering if you'd do something for my father that's been fighting Cancer for 6 months now?
Nevada employers with questions about opening a Modified Business Tax Account can call 866-962-3707 .
It's too late, and I'm too tired to be creating buildings, clouds, & sky from scratch. nite pals!
Gary Payton probably the best Point Guard in the NBA in the last 25 years.
I'm so thrilled from this news I'm receiving
I hate when people say oh my you are tall. Don't you think I already NOW that fuck off
RT : Don't forget we'll be having a tree giveaway for Baltimore residents this weekend. Thanks to ! Bring ID!
Damn, Patterson got a 2 pitch walk! WTF
I feel like I should buy stock in Walgreens at this point.
are you gone forever??
THE GIANTS ARE GOING TO WIN AGAINST DALLAS TONIGHT. I can imagineP
hawks suck
Just found Completion by Design in the Twittersphere -- follow them at
I never use the phrase, "Your guess is as good as mine" because, well... it's not.
im shunning you for the rest of the year
not to mention not responding to emails or phone calls for departure updates!
Apparently, and his wife just bought my 22 yr old son a drink and offered to buy him another.
And im rappin on the beats they was supposed to buy, I Guess gettin high off my own supply!
Would love to bring bloggers to Brugge - trying to make it happen! Hard work!
where have you been? it's almost cheesecake time. ;)
Bill Elsey rocks - great guy and really bright, no wonder he won TX Sommelier of the Year!
London is a #GREAT location & will become the 1st city to have hosted the modern #Olympic Games 3 times!
Great conditioning workout this am! 10 mins on the rower, 10 mins on bike, jump rope circuit, slide board and abs!
U ROCK! Thank you for the FF!
Cannot people realize how large an income is thrift?
Unfortunately, I think I'm part of the Go-Nowhere generation despite hard work. I am away from family and a business owner tho.
KEEPING FIT: Changing speeds helps bodyweight workouts - Wicked Local
you've emerged to occasionally tweet parliament or prince lyrics! how's the writing (and everything else) going?
just doing me as usual...lol
RT LOUD NOISES MT : BOEHNER TOLD OBAMA HE WOULD NOT ALLOW DEBT CEILING INCREASE W/O "DOING SOMETHING SERIOUS ABOUT...
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout E
Email Pam Davis-Clark #Stuy Black Alumni Diversity Inititiave 2 volunteer to call the minority youth accepted 2 Stuy. .
nailed the interview on KLGO the WORD (98.5 & 99.3) this morning! She is a world changer!
No Goose
"Think and wonder, wonder and think." Dr. Seuss
no problem, happy to share all of the wonderful #yoga & #wellness options that our city has to offer, Enjoy the workshop!
well duh, left is always right :)
Just took care of an Unpleasant Task. Trying to mend a fence. [fingers crossed]
"The most reliable indication of public purpose in this country is derived through our popular elections." #quote greatamericanhistory.net
Creative so creative...
Wow the flyers are gettin embarrassed, its crazy!!! They should be kicked out of the playoffs for this performance
Obviously my spanish skills aren't so good.. o.O
what time video will be available?? I don't if I wait or go to sleep! lol
miss u
RT Cory Booker no E.
I am currently seeking a hard money lender in MIlwaukee WI for purchasing distressed properties. Contact me
Well, we are looking forward to our implementation/migration to : How'd it go?
FYI, just sent you a copy of Basic Marketing Research. Should be on campus in 7-10 days. I'm here if you need anything else!
ahaha thats okay and hey! i think i have that one OMG!!! :D
I have wasted so much time "revising" this chapter that I've forgotten what it is I want to do.
Maybe not an unbreakable phone, just Dr. Phil. lol
finally in NC outer banks
You'd be surprised; our favorite VIP restaurant in Shanghai was BYOB.
it is such a small world. Random connections pop up when you least expect it.
Aladdin eventually joined a small Anti-Israel terrorist splinter cell and went to prison. He now owns a Bazaar in Syria.
It feels so good to be living my Dreams.
born tall, can't be afraid...
screen quality
goodnight child see ya tomorrow
lol they be around all day everyday “: "Crazy ass bitches all the live long day." LOL! #NutCity”
We're gonna bite the bullet and finally invest in some cop uniforms.
The TNT halftime show is awkward. Having Kenny Smith stand in front of a giant arch of a TV screen, explaining a pick n roll... Sucks.
Thank goodness that NBC rumor was false. Whew!
Why haven't I been on twitter lately because I've been planing lots of things for Summer ect...
Now hiring 10 people in Southern California! Make $1000 working part time. Call 800-774-9143 to get more information!
FFV is one of my favorite FF's...but the FFV Advance translation is so bad. Lame ass jokes everywhere...again...the SNES version is better.
"stenographer" wasn't certified. It's a shame the media doesn't make the distinction.
i keep finding dog biscuits hidden in my couch whenever I take a nap...guess my little #shihtzu has been busy while I'm @ work! <3 my Roxie
IM SCREAMING JSYK
thats good ! and just because just ready for a break or sum
we do you would just have to search tipsy tokens in the search field or facebook.com/tipsytokens
I will I got you girl.(:
snow be all crazy up in here
idiot aboard I never laugh so hard!
I'm back at The Sunburnt Cow tonight. Doing my thing behind the turntables. Ave C & 9th St. 10pm No Cover
Let's Go Racing Boys.
RT : We are still taking nominations for the $10,000 #AGP2012 Step show: Teams DM me your email for nomination info!
- Thanks for the
Who watched ? Thoughts?
Diana Ross is a powerhouse!! Acting & Singing!! Her rendition of home always fills my heart and makes me tear up...
lol. You're the only person I will never judge!
New favorite station on Sirius is Real Jazz.
ok ok fair enough
you're just like every other guy, alex. LOL JUST KIDDINGG. you're so special & soo sweet! haha love you<3
do you have "find my iphone" installed on it? is there a password on it?
I agree!! Awesome event can't wait for you to fight Cung Le!!!
Lil Wayne is a fan of his gang like it's a football team!
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. ~John...
honestly you're stupid because you don't have a boyfriend when there's a guy I know who cares about you alot! Give him a chance
The guy behind me has the most annoying voice I've ever heard
Sounds like John Travolta is gay for male massage therapists
why do i even like you
Wow - how was the session? Seems like hardly anyone was there!
Remember the Alamo!
Amazing to see YOU :) Woofya :)
balls! just changed my password sorry everyone
Headed up to the Frank Erwin Center for the UT Natural Sciences Job Fair..come by and say hi to Paul McDonald
solo me gusto :3
you got married?
i want it (all back) listening to chris brown
Uh, yeah, what she said MT #publichistory what do u think abt "tuning history" project calling only for faculty?
Meet Jack Black
thank u luv <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Brain Floss: It takes just 17 muscles to smile but 43 to frown. You'll be smiling after a cleaning with us! Call 486-4880 today!
lol...so funny! Hey, I had like some major heels on too.
#TNSteeplechase Just remember to drive safe today Nashville DUI officers will be out after the race .
I Want Some Mac N Cheese !
NO PROBLEM! (:
ah, love you<3
Made it to the #mnstatefair for on my bike! A little hairy on university ave but here! Thanks
Walking by mountains, streams, forests, and lakes... even better!
mastering takes 4 minutes
I've been spreading the word. I'm there every Monday *who is this?* RT Thanks for spreading the word!
cow milk is to sweet. and fatty. goat is leaner and more savory and full of flavor!!!!
oh I knew that.
Got ta love spongebob
Yelling at my tv, this game is fjdbfkxncjldns!
Bone Palace Ballet.
I think they do overseas, America sucks.
W/ at Miguel's celebrating 's birthday with crrazzyy mud pie. My 2 favorite spencers! Don't tell
My theme of the week is "POW POW!" How about you?
If I were Dairy Queen's CEO, I'd create a confection with chocolate pieces, marshmallows, and cookies. I'd call it a "Pinwheel Blizzard."
just cried*
agreed! That first set looked awesome! All we need now is a carini!
I believe so. Same number that you've always had?
AH!!! u tweeted!!!! haha thats awesome i love ur live chats i cant wait already! plz folloq im such a huge fan its scary <3
i shall kill you if you dont answer your phone
ha ha! No, she was a sweetheart though. Sorry I got waylaid. Can you talk now?
Looks like I can't hang out with today :c
Phew. He is a good man.
Im my own person. & I wish people would stop painting this perfect picture of me.
SHH, STOP CALLING ME THAT. lolololol. but seriously.
no Bre just on yours babe after the message comes up to retweet you could put a message or a letter or two understand
true true. Smyzer what time do you usually leave on sun?
religiously. Josh is my boy!! Who you got?
True that. The mystery kills me...
Have to say it again... Lundquist played horrendous tonight, the night we needed him most.
If you aim for nothing, you will get it!
can u help me get 600 followers?? :D
Oh man just looked the book up and instantly regretted it! Good thing it's an e-book, no need for me to blush at seeing the cover
Some of you have been going backwards instead of going forward. Don’t try to change the route God has set for you.
Is is time to introduce euthanasia for hospitals.... for the incompetent staff, not the patients.
mega multi-tasking today, but what else i new? I'm a
also your diet
you have that dj contact my dude? This track is sitting my dude
Most definitely just heard playing in the trailer for "hope springs" rock on!!!
Officially obsessed with
#ThoughsDuringSchool I'm to high for this shit
Reno City Council taking up flood authority voting structure.
I'm so pleased 2 hear Life has taken a turn for the insanely busy! Sad not 2 have attended/done more
That game is the best! Try it with a haunted house soundtrack playing yet? :O
Thanks for the follow! Keep up the good work!
No regrets cause I've got nothin to lose
Someplace fun?
I was about to bench like 4 mofo's! And eject Bart for his horrendous play!
Level I & II Help Desk, Team Leads, and Trainers needed for company in Madison! We are looking for all shifts. Ping me...
I'm just responding to your tweet.
does not aim to 'solve' these demographic problems per se - hierarchy is not encouraged in these camps
Murphy: Chapbook publishing is about stamina and how much money you're willing to spend.
that cam newton commercial was awesome
“The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
tried sending you a msg, it won't go thru?
I'm waiting just for the right moment...
I posted on FB something about wanting to be a strong girl and fix the plumbing before got home. First comment mad me mad...
I really can't stand condescending control freaks
not sure what made me think cleaning a 3000 sq foot house would be fun...at least the weather is fabulous!!!
thanks ! we love your places on urbantag!
how long you been down there
Thanks! “: just voted for you! In the #Northwood community you have alot of support out here!!! We Love you Otis!!!”
Don't forget to join us in celebrating WSUM's 10th Birthday at Union South's Varsity Hall TONIGHT at 7. Hope to see you there!
Got it. Thanks for the follow up.
Making Pie with mom today
no whenever YOU are
Are you kidding me? Matt Kemp slugs homerun #12 in April - first ball swinging in Coors!
They won't let me say yet... they will announce later this week :)
Kobe flashing some defense.
better tell me what's happening???
Haha. You're silly.
Wait, today is National super Hero day?? Looks like I'm going to have to bust out my tights and go fight some crime!
YYESSS. sounds like a tea party~
Four hours of sleep! Honk! Busy season has officially begun.
#LilWayneWackestPunchlines should be changed to #LilWaynesMostCleverPunchlines because yall just don't understand him lol
Happy #friday ! Everyone be safe and try to stay cool, Man this week flew by!!!
my jaw hurts :(
I have it on good authority, they are renaming the product Radian7, to stay one step ahead of the competition
Yad Lachim has been rescuing Jewish girls trapped in Arab majority towns in Israel, after getting involved with Arab men and moved away.
Lawd I can't stand when grown grown muthafuckas complain about they situation. Wtf. If u know better do better
I advocate pacing, in lieu of your evening walk in the rain, and swinging your arms violently. That should do the trick, right?
Thanks for the follow! We look forward to talking trees with you!
Ok what happens when a guy gets all arts degrees and then gets a job working in finance?
I really wish evernote, zotero, and remember the milk would talk to each other
I was feeling kinda down b/c I was low on funds but I prayed about it. I turned around and got a $50 gift card in the mail.Thank you Jesus!
you rock girls !
Congratulations and ! You've won a copy of Matthew Morrison's debut album! Watch your email for details soon.
I'm trying to put together a list of places I want to check out while in town and they've definitely made the cut
Oscar's nachos are in effect here at Lottie's Lounge tonight - they will make you weep w/ cheese-worshipping joy.
IN THE STUDIO AGAIN TOMORROW!! THIS ALBUM IS REALLY STARTING TO COME TOGETHER!! ANY SUGGESTIONS ON THE ALBUM TITLE!?!?
LOOOOL. And we are playing with torches and all that crap. haha.
And I will be, I will be your home when you're alone. I'll be what you need, I'll be your home.
For the next 1 hour swing by Western Fantasy YP and get the deal shown here: Free Apps & Drink Specials
Haha dang it!
He could wear rocawear & sketchers & I would still love him the same
i hope keeps doing skillshare classes so we can learn all his secrets:)
Its happened to me as well. Smh
You go! Meanwhile, we'll have lunch at the Modern...
Thanks. I will give it a try.
RT : #sschat I think 21st cen skills mean being able to connect collaborate and connect using both tech and no tech <- yes!
Oh....good..still pitching to pujols...#dontPitchToPujols. << nobody on and two outs why wouldnt you?
Whoa! Was that from trail running?
Congrats to my buddy Jose Melendez on his first amateur MMA win!!!
I'd be okay with dying right now
THE AVENGERS is going to make $1 billion by next week. Wow.
All relationships go through shit.But REAL relationships get through shit....
No problem! I hope one of them works for your needs!
I can't DO anything, but .. my hands are out to you. and my ears are here. Be sure to keep me posted! Please.
Thanks!! I will miss Park Ave, but I'll still be close :)
That's what they told me! Thank you very much I appreciate it. Hope to see you at a game so I could meet y'all!
At this place helping my mom get her dress fixed since it's too long.
Wow. the calls are rolling in for the Fall Mall fair. let me know if your interested. Lots of space & people.
but thers no guarente I wrote mor lyrics to robs new shit it aint done but im workin
I love you momma! <U+2665>
Every man has a right to be conceited until he is successful. Benjamin Disraeli
I need to see all of y'all soon!
Zero/Wesker/Dorm is my preferred order. Zero/Wesker don't use much meter and can save it for Dorm xf3 comebacks
I seriously want to punch all the motorcyclist here. Assholes.
Hey You guys rock here in Green Bay we still have a Horror movie host his name is Ned the Dead. Thanks Jeff
Good sir, that was a tweet masterpiece.
You may have won the war, but I won at least, like, 3 battles. I'm Japan!
About to be in dat starlight parade in june tho for the WIlson High School band thahaahahahahahahah in yo faces haterss
#GoTribe 5 days till opening day, go tribe!
hanging with #thecrew all day, just doing nothing is the best.
We taking ova!
The CLA's report reduced # of layoffs from 231 to 209. $15 M in addendum could mitigate layoffs.
Babysitter and Star Trek tonight. How lovely!
Follow my Mommy Judith Harris, she's an INCREDIBLE artist (traditional paint) -
this weather makes me lazy.
can't Waited to see it also :)
i really wanna win these m&gs... but i never win anything ):
UFC 133 Evans vs Ortiz plus spinning after the fights?! There is no better place to be on a Saturday night! Come party with us!
Will you be at Game 7 sat cheering on your #Nuggets?
Is *your* coffee sustainable? [end of presentation]
but what if the Facebook phone had deep Spotify integration too? :)
Money can't buy you love cause it's over priced
The question you ask is the same question I ask myself . . .
Miss you bro. Hope everything is good with the huskies.
Planning a Lunch & Learn
i am the light of the world. whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life. John 8:12 <U+2665>
I get to start classes again in like 2 Weeks...
RT for the chance to win a FREE Moirai Clothing () shirt of your choice! RT RT RT!
Beginning APRIL 1 - No foolin'! - our north gate will remain open until 8 pm. (The south gate will continue to close at 5 pm.) goo.gl/OzKe0
Uploaded to my iPhone. Still a little unclear about whether this will cost money. Need to work on abbreviations.
Nigga talkin bout i eat it n beat it up.. That dont even sound like you Fuck outta here lmaooo
Same guy I thought was so rude before just gave me my purse I left behind. :)
She's smart and fine
listening just before I go to bed in vancouver bc... should be sleeping for school haha
Get ready to hear 1st place Brewers for a while! Way 2 Go Team! Sweep those Red birds outta here!
add the vodka taste much better. Happy Easter
#latinomoment Today at a mariscos resturant I asked for a fanta but they gave me a jarrito
oh it's 10:15....getting ready to close shop! :)
"This beat go perfect with my belt."
he can't play anywhere. Maybe the minor leagues.
If I work 14 hr days, 6 days a week can I drink a few dz. Buds & not be ragged on? Mothers Day? What? Shit, I earned my buzz, oh, oh. Honey?
Wow, the Texans got together and decide to introduce their elementary school... #cute act for your first playoff game
oh man, finally goin to see the avengers
Do you ever get the urge to just stuff your face with fast food and cake? Me either. You fat fucking slobs.
Authorities identify 'person of interest' in park ranger's shooting - A massive manhunt is under way in Mount Rainier National Park
From Monday to Wednesday, TV really, really sucks.
No Idea is my favorite.:):)
I hope u got them twinkies I left for u in yo bed
Neon Trees song "animal" stuck in my head after watching them on Daryl's House last night.
Some words that come to mind: absurd, inexcusable, inexplicable, shameful. I'll even throw in UN-AMERICAN. Wake up MLB!!
I LOVE it! So true...captures the experience perfectly!
Oh that guy was sweet
Will send you the wiki - session resources posted. Lots of oppt in developing open source resources for ed.
I think I finally get Twitter... Kinda
Modestep--Feel Good
it's so good to be back in Romania again! family time! :-)
Nice to meet you today.
Hey, I just want to say I think you're really pretty, and you seem really funny from the Ustreams! Okay, Bye (:
What the actual fuck.
....work always knows how to put me in the BEST moods.
“: Hey Hey what do you say let's have a National Fossil Day? we are recording the National Fossil Day song today!” Yes!
Best process on the internet are behind the link on my profile bamboo stick katana only 2 left look in the collectables then sword its sweet
24th? Or 25th? Are you two playing ball this summer?
RT if your still awake(:
! Looking for 1-3 volunteers to help create visual representation of our works on Pinterest. Ping me for details, &please RT.
If you can't eat pizza standing up, you're not hardcore enough to deserve it.
Can't win them all
Happy Birthday (:
I had been using my own money, but you brought up a good point! The arsenal I could build with BBG funds would be enormous :)
it's a mess
Natan Sharansky- no need to choose between Universalism and Nationalism- we need both identities.
I'm so hungover, my everything hurts
thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
. thank you for your challenging questions to my proposal to take up role as your spiritual leader. Will reply in due course.
I gave the money to
Local elections: &#39;They knock on the door and ask us to give them our ballot papers&#39;
you as well Chelsea! ;)
So proud of Eddie for going to Dean School today to introduce dental health to our neighborhood younglings. Way to go Eddie!!
My uncles about to retire with a half mill pention....
Who doesn't LOVE an all-Wisconsin craft beer festival in the summertime?! Nab your set of tickets before it's too late!
Congrats on selling your scooter!
Anyone out there know who wore #11 for Creighton Men's Soccer back in 2005 season? Prost! Likely a Senior?
I can type on my ipod touch with my tongue but now I'm lightheaded from going crossed too long >.<
Finish two online classes as well today (:
That's really funny Rick.
Is Carrie going to be at the #idol finale?
yes you do, the most important person in ur life. YOURSELF!!!!
"I'm the only one like me on the planet. It don't take rocket science to understand it."
Taylor Swift wins Entertainer iof hte Year....again (shocked face)
I have no feeling in my legs. 3 spin classes today and I am done
I'm quite alright with you being my moment of weakness. Just promise me you'll love me at the end of it all.
Only a little over 3 months until Comic Con! The volunteers are already coming forward. So excited!!
Goodnight beautiful people! Everyone sleep well!
:( i thought we were friends
RT RT!! If you are brave enough to fight the weather we are having a Rainy Day SALE! Extra 10% OFF!!
Great session w
Having a disagreement about what it costs to get brakes&routers replaced. Front 2 on an '03 Camry. Your price?
Happy May Day everyone! Supposedly we are to dance all day in order to awaken the sun and mark the coming of summer... <U+266B> <U+266B>
YES YES YES
My 2cents - there are very few Lescault compliments that could be over the top.
I once owned a pair of parachute pants. They were alligator skin and cost more than the GDP of Liberia. The 1920s were a strange time.
I wanna watch Peter Pan.
There's a great game I play when I'm out walking called "Is That Human or Dog Pee"
are you still at Brainwash?
I think I'm too nice to girls... It never works that way
More like FUN alert. Well, also choking alert. It's a two-fer.
Tied my map to a QR code. Scanning it puts you in the floor plan. 1 code for each room. Use PHP Get.
Love me some Kurt Elling on Such a great cover of Joe Jackson's Steppin' Out.
Congrats! It sounds like a fascinating position. Let us know in ODH how we can help. Maybe a teleconference grants workshop?
Fuuuuu. Im bored. I want my car.
excited 2 be here at 119 Utah st. One of the big event 4 startups in San Francisco. Thanks Guys:)
Oh, I didn't know he wrote that song!
I Talk About Money Alot And Make Some People Feel Uncomfortable But FUCK IT If U Dont Get $$$ What U Gettin??
Long, long ago, in the Before Time......
You have to be present to win.
I can't wait to basket weave with you in 23 days you are going to LOVE CSA! I can't wait to share it with you!!
Zac Rinaldo is one class act
I'm bout to pick my hair out and start rockin a fro since I can't find a good beautician
dried old leaves
Y thanks you !! So kind of you to say that, I loved this article myself, the Artisan Ireland column has been a real big success
So glad todays the last day.
Each week we'll be writing about post-season essentials including: your post-season meeting, weight/accel program, individual wkouts & more
they needed something with out giving anything up makes some sense with lopez out
hm lol I see. Weird face
Our pleasure.
“The question isn't who is going to let me; it's who is going to stop me.” ~Ayn Rand
this'd hasn't made an all star team in yrs. terry never. Marc and zbo made one the last 2 yrs. all of our guys
RT : Me and going to this Daddy Yankee show tonight bruh.
hahaa okay if thats what you say .
- Lived in Swedesboro few years ago. Moved to PA since then.
I want to do somethng but i dont knw what. Im so bored. smh. It aint shit on tv. i just ima just find something to do around the house.
ya what about u
Yeah it's trending
she just threw up all over the place -__-
It's 's big day! Join us downtown at 2pm for Baton Rouge's first ever Halloween parade!
he laughs at my dreams but i dream of his laughter.
PARTY ROCK, cookie time! RT Love seeing all my #bleacher girls tonight
man you are just brilliant. Your performance on Conan was second to none. Oh and that sweater... on point. On point.
#politicalterrorism ? Oh please. 9/11 is terrorism. What black males go thru in America. Vandersloot? Get real. Target on your back? Come on
I'm faded, good night
i'm fine buddy :D and you?<3
Thanks. We will as we add more #socent specific books. What do you think most #socent's need to know when getting started up?
Your marketing blog is seriously the best one I've ever found on the interweb
It's been a point of discussion going on 20 years now. : ) Is this related to that IBM CEO story? Just learning about that...
why do i insist on going out!?! i need sleep! work is gonna suck today
I'm sure you're a tremendous slouch! I kid. I don't mind talking about things on here. The actual comments is another story.
Road trip to Gas Gas city with
I would like to welcome Jen Henn to the team! She is a mraketing guru who is going to bring alot to the table.
Iconic gesture production during the conceptualization and ...
Graves at Sea - Praise the Witch - Documents of Grief
Okay #Browns fans, here's one for ya... If Trent Richardson wants to wear the iconic #32, are you okay w/ that?? REACT TO ME!!!
Bradford pear trees!
LOL!! What can I say? Ada makes me lose control in many ways :P
Your making it easier..
i did not have a biyfriend my whole Junior & Senior year
Notice me someday..
I'll trade days with you. I start prepping for my colonoscopy in a couple of hours...talk about crappy days..
No problem!(:
Looks like someone forgot to bring the tap to the Petrino rally.
Its hard to admit you've done something wrong.
my young niggas wildin' ... at least they money missions and not trigger happy ...
Video conferencing software is the hottest soft wares in market.
I don't think this is a good deal. Your thoughts???
Americans on average eat 18 acres of pizza everyday
Our Magic8 Ball says Outlook is good... ;)
Tight ass high school game here!
I would like to hear an ENTIRE song, does everyone in vegas have ADD?
In Orlando!
- Per a request, we need to check out the new show #Veep tonight in
Love her!!
Chili Con Carnage, Garbanzo Garbage, No Bu-eano...#i'velostmytouch
Thunder storms and rain getting close
FakeLemond is a florist? “: or just go there n get already amazing price w/ mothers day delivery still avail.”
safe travels! I can sum up my job in one word! Paperwork!
I think you should include me in your 1,000th tweet...so, answer found
yes, if i can get the hang of it....lol
haha hey now!
I think and I are twins and were separated at birth.
hehe. this *could* get interesting.
Whew this will be remembered as the craziest summer ever! Chicago tommrrow!
u r welcome honey
Today I killed a dozen zombies hanging out around sonic
LMAO GOOD DEAL MY DUDE
Thanks - definitely exciting times for us!
Follow back ? Please & thank you (:
Thank you guys, what you've done is seriously epic. Stay sick!
hm alright. I guess. anyway, hi! :)
I love the Jonas Brothers<3
thank you dahhhling
The Circle of Sorcerers is released. Back to work on Consuls.
DIO?! You just made my day!
arvo2010: Comparative Assessment of Murine Allergic Conjunctivitis Model Variations for Efficient... - Kathryn S Crawford , May 3, D864
My ms jones keep me busy
Sign up for fantasy bball bra
it would be great to have some comparison data for your industry within FB Insights like we have in Google Analytics
I'll be there bro for a little while
. the executives' yachts are made in America and bought with Bush Tax Cut money I thought that counted
Mom leave the house so I can smoke omfg
Dierks bentley u are so damn sexy.
Brother will find a job when he is on the street lol
im defly in a taylor swift mood. i feel heartbroken .
I want to secretly get Waldo tattooed somewhere on my body so when people find it they get stoked
There is no one that smart that can't learn and no one that stupid that can't teach.
HUGE shoutout to thanks for helping me! every1 go follow if u want to meet a SUPER nice person!
What's the difference between a Creative DIrector and an Art Director ?
Just left the gym... Feeling Big shi.. Lol!
Been a lot of fun watching films and baking chocolate cookies. More snow tonight too. What are you working on? :D
#dsum12 is all about leveraging personalization.
sounds fun!
141 emails. I GIVE UP! woodmans. BO..
2 hours of NAPOLEON down. 3.5 hours and two intermissions left to go. World not conquered yet
Congratulations to and for winning the amazing Headphones
Also, got a seat right next to charger so phone no long dead and can use 3g. However plane's delayed 1hr so not really winning.
Lol, would you really get one? :)
Let the line dancing begin!
Im still happy for y'all tho.
It's like being in a car going through the car wash.
ha! I have friends roadtripping from CA to Miami in June who want me to meet them. Thinking northern Fl is a good choice :)
Should your #kids follow a low-carb diet? Instead: Teach healthy #portionsizes:1 serving = 1/2 cup or 1/2 grown-up fist: Rice, pasta, potato
Went to put my shoes on and there was a thing of brand new mascara in it. My mom is so cute.
So true, so very true...
Fuck you Zubat, I'm trying to be productive!
i know i say this every week... but Vicki is losing her mind
RT : Terry Flannery presenting on brand strategy at #casescmp. 4 aspects of strong brand: simple, authentic, relevant, distinctive
Turtle and Ari. I have every season on dvd its my favorite show I love it. Are you watching reruns on tv right now
looking for music writers! if you know music AND music in San Diego, hit me up!
yeah. She's one of my favorite. It's a shame she's gone
I love Jerry springer
Really trying to hit up BWW this week tho'
Ouch. RT : I don't believe a word a republican says lately. They're totally full of Mitt.
Rock n Roll I adore you!
Well completely slayed it tonight here at Higher Ground. Tough act to follow!
“Hello to the future, because I’m over the past.”
Bradidtude takes on Lela Rose. Love me some Rachel Zoe.
"come sit on my Dick while I hold it" all I could do was bust out laughing my ass off
As a city, Chicago needs to work on its timing. Bears and Bulls bowed out too early. And then there's Oprah and Richard Daley...
beautiful day in the
I'm too old for this shit.
Staying home to take advantage of some quiet writing time.
Acquaintance asking me to meet her about a "business opportunity that wouldn't change my current lifestyle." wouldn't elaborate. Grrrr...
Haha oh no! It sounds like a breakfast crisis.
Rehearsals went really well tonight. Director got most of the major blocking locked down. More updates soon- The Pickle crew
where's that?!
We are doing quite well, thanks: expanding and getting a bunch of new exciting gear over the summer. You?
Some me love!!!!
Yum! And for non-vegetarians, the green beans stirfried with chicken is quite delish too!
"Your brain shall be your servant instead of your master - rule it instead of allowing it to rule you." Charles E. Popplestone
MY ONLY ADVICE IS "LIVE LIFE" NIGGA AND DIE OLD WITH A PRETTY YOUNG WIFE WIT YA.
girls are retarded write a song about that
Did Charles Virtue and Tina Daly's Angel Practitioner weekend last weekend! Wow, they do Doreen proud! Amazing time in Sherman Oaks.
Back at the exhibit hall
also I think it would make a good anthro tshirt :-)
"If you wear an oversized sweater and your boobs still look huge... You got something" Nice one
geez I know. No offense (get it?) but that whole rant was bs. What a waste of my timeline. #packerreporter?
for the follow!
oh did u guys have to take it today?!
I'm not usually one of those "tweet about lunch" kinda guys, but today I was introduced to the Bacon Bacon food truck! M..
I jus sent u a twit message check it
Sleepy can't wait to go to West Virginia :) <3
The curse came through the act of eating (Adam & Eve). Jesus redeemed us by offering His body & blood (bread & wine). Take & eat!
Hehe idk <U+2665> whenever you want to :]] <U+2665> xo
what?:D
Lime/cilantro chicken...roasted cauliflower w/green olvies....Au gratin potatoes.....yummy
Is going to make a surprise showing in God's Country this weekend?
BLEACH, woman, BLEACH! never stop bleaching.
Thx for the follow!
Some things are better unsaid .
<U+FFFD> If you love somebody, tell them. Rod McKuen
I think it is safe to say we did pretty well as media directors on our campaigns.
Can't decide if I would rather be watching Dancing with the Stars or Glam Fairy......
Internet Marketing Pro's come join us at: www.ebookviralincome.com
Sometimes god doesn’t want to give you something you want, not because you don’t deserve it, but because you deserve better .
and CD too, so you can fully immerse yourself in Rich Shapero's unintentional interpretation of life as a Guantanamo Bay prisoner
Interrogating that assumption.
What's up my bitches!!!
We pretty much think about pancakes all the time! : )
Can't wait to see #Fringe tonight...
#goodthingsintheworld team beloved!!
Hip hop is like a store pickle..or a pack of sunflower seeds shared among friends..flavorful conversations over tribal beats.
yes ma'am it'll be on our shelves tomorrow.
#GoPackGo counting down till game time
Hello Denver!!!! Hope your enjoyin this nice cool weather tonight is ladies night on dealshow check out for #deals and lots of
We're providing stationery, unique postcards, and craft supplies. Join us today from 12-3pm for a letter writing social! FREE for all ages.
I know! Right now relying on my 90 pound dog
Lots of delicious seafood restaurants to try at night... plus amazing Belgian beer, of course! Enjoy!
if you're still bored my chess w friends username is emohaiku
Its a nice cool night think i might go for a ride past #Rockefeller Center to see the tree.
Can I borrow money from myself and avoid taxes too? Shame
There is no quid pro quo in effective relationships. Do for others without being asked or waiting for them to do for you.
The #Caps are back at second in the Eastern Conference because the Flyers have gotten a point out of their game today
Clippers blew it... No way they win Game 7 in Memphis. #maybenextyear<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Got a new phone text me so I have your numbers! :)
Who even knows how these computer things work? I just click the buttons. Also, because I mess you!
Why would you do both? I think Sherlock is more emotional though. The beginning & ending kill me every time!
Always love #ncmewebinar, especially this one on #diversity with of ! , we have new ways to use #LinkedIn!!
IPhone users sure are trying to get Android followers on
Mike Miller 3's be coming right on time
aww, i'm eating pizza too, enjoy meal austyyy :D
Woah The dance crew just followed me o: this is cray <3333
Proud owner of Mayu alpaca accessory? Or, maybe, have chosen our products for your friends and family? - Share your impressions using ou...
idk guys, i still want a Penguiber...
chilling and supporting the supporters.
"if i ever need to commission a US photographer i'm totally looking here for inspiration" Julia, (Magazine Editor)
When I see your name i see hoe. Haha
RT : Im working on trading in my inner critic for an inner coach :)
I agree!! ": I just love the American Pickers-I think it's just fantastic to see them encourage young people two learn-PICK &..
We always love having you at #ClosetSundays!
It's Teacher Appreciation Week. Thank a teacher who's making a difference.
"weaving" mobile into classroom learning
Making me wish we could've found a dog sitter 4 dear, spoiled Elvis so we could have gone to Hawaii next week for 15th anniversary.
Wish twitter had a like button for such tweets.
Driving around with the windows down and music all the way up:)
Sunroof + stereo up + 1/2 price = Perfect #SpringAfternoon Drive!
Hahahaha yeah its been fun but i miss home ! LOL
Time to get that work out on!
#HappyBirthdayMadison I love you so much
An early look at the Week 1 lines (National Football Post ...
Mario Williams suffered an injury last season that could end career.His REP say it wont but you never know.
Praying for world peace.
Is Crupi moved in?
#KickRocks Ice Cream Cone....
Put on some Barry White & make long lastin love to that secail person CALL ME SAN YUMMY!
I get cold way too easily, its freezing in my house >.< I have on pants, 2 pairs of sweats, leggings, 2 shirts and a hoodie.....
Great SOURCE today! Big Welcome to all our new SOURCE members! It's gonna be an amazing series!
-- so Ben has a new pet? Cool.
Cut the shit be real with me Ur the only1 I ever fucking judge The one who came to school evry day Woke up 4 the world, practiced honesty ~
So true. Experimental music usually demands close listening. I like that.
Ok, we get it. We are more excited about Friday than everyone else. So sue me...
Hey everyone hope you had a great weekend
I may be weak but your spirits strong in me, my flesh may fail but my God you never will!
Thanks for sharing. I'm leaning towards Kindle.
I am... and I've never felt better! Haha
#3WordsOfAdvice Shave Your Junk
$10 says jobs
That's like, your opinion dude.
#Str8LykeDes... Watching anacondas nd chilling until later...
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Sleep! Goodnight! :)
not much, went ham w/
Say hello to Lassie for me!
65:) I can sleep happy and well with the winning the series:)
I've looked at every single thing my DVR records. None of them are at that time, and certainly none are every single day.
yes. Yes it is.
Dec 20, 2011 this day God showed me that this pain you experience in life can either make you or it can break you, but the choice is yours..
haha yes you are trey! You better be at the gym tomorrow night!
"A new and glorious dawn awaits" indeed ...
Thx!RT : thanks for stopping by with some spirits for us to taste. getting excited to bring in some new stuff!
You’re never a loser til you quit trying
LAYLA! Thanks love. Peace & a hug to you :)
benches clearing was lame and uneventful. Fight miss much.
don't you think sports itself is a small view of the world?
Another week of on-call PIO duty completed for with no major incidents to report. Stay safe San Diego!
Lol. I already know imma be one of those people who update their twitter every two minutes, like people really care what i'm doing. Hah ...
Looking forward to a little retro mixed in with the here and now. Don't miss the 80's fashion trends though.
Driving around early morning listening to King of Limbs is so refreshing
Pcola/Gville/Daytona and Miami.How far off am I? RT OK, my longest blog item yet: Strippers, bikers, serial killer,Florida beer...
"ha, ha! Bastards!"
Day 2 of non-stop Beasties at my house. Paul's Boutique is playing now.
agreed! That actually sounds like a ridiculous amount of fun. Which makes me realize I'm a lil bit obsessed :)
very rare that White - cases remaining are in the single digits. Enjoy!
miss you bo!!!
So proud of my man getting an award from vbush. , I love you :)
Britton Family Baseball <3
Have you guys heard of "peacocking", ie guys dress for attn. How can you tell if a guy is doing it for style or for attn?
Hi Clara! Julia here from Arena Stage. Have a question for you: email when you get a chance? . Thx!
todd! Love seeing this man. You're so kind.
thats what i thought baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
can't believe I'm missing it for work. -_-
My home is like a little urban sahara with these two cats hanging around.
I'm excited. I've taught people to knit socks one-on-one for friendship, but not professionally to multiple people.
Going to try and do something productive today.
TONIGHT - DJ's AI & J-Roc Play the Hottest Hip Hop & Dance Music at Albuquerque's Best Danceclub - Lotus Nightclub!!!
Oh yeah, I met your parents several years ago at my aunt's church in Colorado. You look just like your Dad.
I just need somebody to love,i dont need too much just somebody to love<3<3
UA is soo close!! Its mind boggling that its only a couple of HOURS away!!! <33 Hope its everything you want it to be <3333
You're right! I also do 2 spaces after periods. Not sure when I started doing same w/ commas. I just need to stop for both. :-)
I can't afford Botox so I'm rubbing contaminated corn on my face in hopes that it contains enough Botulism to get rid of my laugh lines.
The best way out is always through.Robert Frost
“: I accidently clicked on Internet Explorer Now I have to wait an hour for it to open so I can close it”
It's for your own good. RT : Watching Chopped...I don't think I want to eat anything by the chef whose last name is Kevorkian.
been very busy today.i need a break for everything.
#BecauseofObama I have a JOB!!!
that's the only way it would be acceptable for this OFS.
AUSTIN IT WAS BEAUTIFUL. I THINK I DIED
So happy you are following. thank you:
maybe not a lot but a few
i get my cast off the 31st
lol lol... so God is running the game now? lol
Could use your votes in the Best of the Inlander Contest....
WHISKEY! The airport is the worst! :(
i wish you would follow me!(:
That means a lot ... trust me ... it does. Hopefully I'll have a lot more in the future, too :)
What's the deal with Fig Newton's? As in, what's the deal with how awesome they are
Final testing on sign up site today! Should be live soon.
Get safe transportation for your next wine tour in our 44 Magnum Party Bus! Call today for details 619.225.8466
Today's APC Theme is: Punk Rock. Yay. Anyone can add some trailers, movie clips, songs, etc.
Series preview: Braves at Cubs - Chicago Tribune
's "Let the Rain" is the perfect #song for this morning's
Tuesday night #CV council mtg: a report from Port District on progress (or lack thereof) on tearing down power plant on the Bayfront.
not sure where you live - but the weather right here is amazing. aaahhh
it will make u mad i promise.
Changing my icon finally :c
I DON'T LIKE THE BOYS/G-MEN OVER 44 PTS...TWO TEAMS W/STRONGER "D" THAN "O"...LOTS OF JACOBS & BARBER GRINDING IT OUT IN THIS 1
Duct Tape.... Turning "No! No! No!" into "M M M" since 1942.
Can't wait for june, london, France, Thailand, Australia! so excited!
This girl is talking to herself
RT :Enjoying book: "Exile in Guyville" by Dave White. You should, too. Also, I'm legally changing name to Dionne Warlock. (via )
thanks for keeping in mind for your follows. We appreciate the hat tip!
I hope you get some sleep, and love your new job!
You know what they say, don't fuck a wounded bear.
<U+2764>If you don\'t know where you\'re going, any road will take you there. - Lewis Carroll (Alice in Wonderland)<U+2764>
Don't like the #Millerlite commercial showing 3 guys bitching out when a dude is pissed about someone hitting on his bitch.
It's #2k12 time! Who's next?!
That is freakin cute!
oh sweet! Thanks for following me!
Ok. Clock just stopped. But it's about to start again.
take the gift back
What's tastier than a dozen roses? Brunch at Le Peep for Mother's Day. Make it a #greatday!
text me back, stoopid.
Right?!! RT : Ha ha! "How did we live before Twitter?"
SHOUTOUT TO ! Thanks for following guys. <U+2665>
I got ass cheeks on my white tee all these hoes keep grinding on me ...
I mean we always called it DelMarVa ...DMV was Department of Motor Vehicles....LOL!!
"We delight in the beauty of the butterfly, but rarely admit the changes it has gone through to achieve that beauty.” ~ Maya Angelou
Billion is the new Million!
Greetings. I've asked within our group, and I was told that your e-mail was received. Expect a response soon!
YES! #sogood RT : Wowzers ,just saw the funniest tow truck company name ever, camel towing lol
I need me one of them hats!
Enjoyed "Redneck Meskin Boy" by Little Joe & La Familia on Pandora
My drawings are generally terrible as well, but so far everyone's been able to guess them!
what was that saying, 'the only reason for time is so that everything doesn't happen at once', well it is not working...
Gaze upon the only Rembrandt painting on public display in SD~"St.Bartholomew" (oil on canvas-1661) FREE ADMSSN
Barbarism begins at 's home
I was in heaven because our sound engineer had me perfectly triangulated, calibrated and combobulated between my monitors.
:-) great tipp, didn't know them at all!! Thanks!
Ridiculous. But that's him.
Speed is fine, but accuracy is key for a successful health care system. Via Susan Moats
WI Supreme Court will not take up either Voter ID case. This comes on day 1 of the NAACP trial. I'll have details at noon.
Girls fall in love by what they hear... Guys fall in love by what they see- That’s why most girls wear makeup and most guys lie.
Our server failure appears to be major. It's going to be a long night. Thanks for your patience. -The team
Power yoga in the morning with animal walking is so intense
louis ck is too damn funny
that was fun last night. See you and thanks great space & tasty!
RT Never apologize for telling the truth.
so hows it been?
For a minute there stuff got #tooreal!
how on Earth do you remember what they're all called?
Whts up with the Commissioners awkwardly long hugs?
Im wearing the wrong shirt today. It's a little small....
is it raining today?
thank you sir.
We love you congrats on the awards
I think I'd like the new Fun. album more if it relied on autotune much less. Catchy tunes, though.
Talking about songs you 'overhead clap' to in office. Do you have a fave? Mine is Mr. Big's "To Be With You."
They didn't want you to get too famous. They still don't know you are the real Slim Shady
Unlike Doug LaFollette, Barrett's not wearing a vest that says "Hi, I'm Tom Barrett!" (Clarification: LaFollette's had HIS name on it)
What? No way. Eat some chocolate, or wear a big hat, and you'll feel better
the world could be fixed of its problems if every child understood the necessity of their existence
I love the video with Nate & Cam at the.....restaurant place or whatever where they're dancing & doing the funny faces into the camera...<3
#Blessings and wishes for #healing for all touched by this tragedy. #Love to all beings.
It's all about weights, and it's gotta hurt. Aerobic and anaerobic. I bet your mom doesn't do MMA like you do :)
we did crazy stuff in all of them i love remembering them all nolie.
Stop inviting me to shit; your music sucks and so do your parties. Except Burke's screening, he rules.
GOP cant figure out environmental sustainability and sure as hell dont get the idea of economic sustainability. THEY WILL TAKE EVERYTHING
Solidarity to #SF, but go #gmen!
BJ Roche: "I know we're not supposed to say you can't make money on AdSense." I'll say it. You can't make (significant) $ on AdSense
My favorite horse name so far..."Mildly Offensive" LOL
Our initial DJ no called NO Showed..So DJ Tanner will cover us from 8pm till 10!! This is his first public appearance be loving if u can
EXPERIENCED Retail Professional seeking District Manager or higher position....www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
fall in love only when you’re ready, not when you’re lonely
When A Bitch Say " Let Me Put My Clothes On First " , That's Fighting Words
I couldn't respond to your message because you are not following me but thank you for your encouragement, prayers and fellowship
1 thing I don't miss about teens! RT Today's homework in my class..."take a shower...with soap"
Way to go, Sandra!
my brat stop.
what....on...earth??! scrunched up cheetos bag in my coat pocket! what time did we go home?
Good luck to at the ante only #wsopc ring event final table today!
ALKN on watch here....
RT : Stay tuned, we will be launching a monthly health/wealth/lifestyle seminar series this Spring in partnership w/
Well, that pretty much gives it away right there.
Retweet if you know what time Austin was born :))
Ay mane, how I don't know you connected? Here's a lil morphine, let me see you inject it
Y'all played like a playoff game, too! That first quarter was the best I've ever seen!!!
Well... Didn't do any homework that needed done
"Those girls are walking as if they just took one in the butt" - my boss lmfao
Other than Twitter... How else are you guys marketing your business online?
We're a non-prof which teaches underrepresented youth to code. Would like to chat w/ you about Thx!
VIDEO Learn #licensing for income from a true expert Rand Brenner who licensed Batman, Power Rangers Webinar Thursday 2/9...
Rubber bands last longer when refrigerated.
Attn Clients/Casting professionals: my blackberry charger is not working & my phone has been dead since yesterday evening. If you've called…
my first action as an official new yorker will be to get a Yankees jersey with TEBOW on the back
thanks old pal!! Lol
Forewarning: Next project coming this winter.
Check out the new song posted on reverb..
mind if I use group pic for blog post?
I hate it when I'm almost done packing & I start to think of the "what if's" so I scurry around packing tons more.
That's so sweet!
Petting the cat, roasting garlic for dinner, and sewing hems. I love it when I have time to be domestic.
Diggin' the "drive" movie soundtrack
Congrats Craig, your vision and your ability to execute are an example for all CEOs!
my brother just walked into my room and took my brush...okay
Nice! What kind of shoes? :)
It's Monday-Back to School. It will be a good day.
Lol all year everyone thought I had Lirakis.
its not hard work! lol you just have to bake a whole lot! I'd gladly purchase your baked goods to help your business :D
Anyone want the to come pick up the ofc crew for lunch Thurs in Circle?
Get loud Buckeye fans in NOLA!
is this sidney? <333
I'm gonna use that too!
thx! Glad you liked it.:)
You've solved it! I hope it doesn't decide to just go down the street and live in Golden Gate Park.
Can't help but hang my head in shame for the one guy who thinks HTML5 is just 'new markup'. Really? Do some research, friend.
Happy Opening Day Everyone! Go Milwaukee! RT or "Like" if you are going to the game!
roger that firmy squishy firm! :-)
Great #quote! RT :"The people who are crazy enough to change the world are the ones who do" -Think Different Commerical, Apple '97
I swear I hate niggas I should be a fuckin Nazi
I think you mean all your fans are victims :-)
will you also never run around and desert me?
: hey boo wyd! im on my way 2 DC!
I feel like everything is going to work out..
#watching Good Luck Charlie :D
yo follow me back plz, would like to message you.
plz check your email :)
Never think I'll say this but Mike Richards Is so clutch for the LA Kings
I Get Jealous , I Get Mad, I Get Worried, I Get Curious. That's Only Because I Care...
RT : RT : we want for the beat bash 5
What does it mean to be a manic-depressive child?
The top four ports in the U.S. 1) Los Angeles, CA 2) New York, NY 3) Long Beach, CA 4) Savannah, GA
Check-in / registration for #GradSTEP opens in half an hour. If you're a Vandy grad students or postdoc, hope to see you there!
THANK YOU San Francisco, Berkeley and Washington D.C.
Good morning friends! It's gonna be such a gorgeous morning at the market 302 S Rampart come get your weekly groceries
Fresh batch of March Happenings magazines now available here at your library!
thanks again for helping me out with my bill! I really appreciate it (:
All I want to know is: has the FOREIGN PAINTER returned? He was the missing piece lol
..as in, you're a heartbreaker lovetaker etc...do you listen to gossip? their newest, music 4 men, is my album of new decade.
LETS GO BRUINS :)
hes cute!:) where's Mario sorry I had to.
we'd love to play! Hopefully we can set up an east coast tour sometime soon!
I haven't heard anything yet. Hey, NBC, we'll trade you The Office for Parks & Rec!
It must be the Lenten season. Does religion unite or divide us - or bother. 1st to email gets "American Grace"
Thanks for the love! RT : Miami, I love your design district!
How do you keep your children active during the summer?
yes, because the phantom menace in 3d will be better than regular phantom menace?
don't be sorry. :) and just remember your life is important&if you ever need someone to talk to, send me a mention or DM!:)
have fun fucker
Good luck on course!!
iPhone 4; sweet!
it is nice! Sitting in the sun now and not even hot. This tx girl might need a sweater tonight!
lol it's dried salvadorian fish.. M I don't know how to describe it in english lol but it's delish!!
Vry cool! I love these day-by-day threads.
Optimistic? Yes, we can always hope for a WC2010 like performance from them though.
HI EVERYONE HAVE A GREAT EVENING ALL THE BEST HUGS TO U
registering for the international conference!
lunch time YEAH FINNALY i was starving
Nothing, still.
One of pawns tried to give me a snake pitt pass... I should be doing her job -__-
working & chillin. you know me :)
ASDFGHJKL colton don't leave :( I wish he had a twitter. He better come back next year
Oh #DWTS super disappointing tonight keep dancing. you are fantastic. keep the world posted on what's next for you.
w.r thomas brb
Hopefully rain on a big audition day is as lucky as rain on your wedding day
cusses?! WHAT THE FUCK?!
I feel like I'm gonna puke. :(
Fair enough... should be interesting tonight.
The best way for the Supreme Court to get very favorable ratings would be to make the Court filings Autism Spectrum accessible
if we skate itll be a bomb sesh :) but i haven't skated in a while and I'll suck x) but itl be a chill ass day & ill c u :)<3
I bought 17 pirated DVDs for $17 in Ecuador. This is why Best Buy also is dying. Think its CEO just quit too
Perfect now you two, Matt Vadala and I and Elizabeth and Andrew can all go on a triple date!
Time to give the cat her Carafate tablet, in slurry form. Jen suggests embellishing it with a fringe on top.
How many pieces of fish is too many? We've got the story of the Mequon man protesting an all you can eat fish fry next.
Great thing about this branch of the public library is you get to test your immune system against bubonic plague.
shoe shoppin:) Chorus concerts give me a reason to make my mom take me shoppin lol
RT "Saved by the Bell marathon. So glad guys don't dress like this anymore #vom #90sgirlproblems" Come on Slater looks fine
Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
#Blackparentsquotes If I have2 leave my job to come to that school....
RT : Kudos to & all the other incredible orgs that also got a Let's change the world! // YAY!
Ack! I just wanna eat lunch...why does everyone have bidness to attend to NOW?!
see you in a few hours :)
All-Idiot team - Metta, Bynum, Kendrick Perkins, Tony Allen, Reggie Evans. Need help with the bench?
awww praying that she gets better :)! Love you AlanThank you for being there for me while my mom was sick. Love you Alan :)
J Medicine Hat tonight, to go or not to go is the question???
I love your new single Strangely Beautiful <3 it's absolutely amazing! Please follow me (: x
we're in total agreement. Major props !
#6 Reason for Nissan to end operations in Iran: 6 degrees from Kevin Bacon is great, 3 degrees from Revolutionary Guard is not
Thanks Michal! Excited to share my journey through the Intsitute of Integrative Nutrition and the development of my products!
Humor is a big deal. Fun pictures. Ties into other news stories
Margaret Cashill from the Tampa Bay Business Journal thought I was 10 years younger than I am. Love Her!!!!
At the post office shipping a batch of shirts! Keep those orders comin guys!
At #Capricon running demos of SPECIMEN
3M Visual Attention Service. What do people look at? Insights derived from areas such as the design if road signs
" You know that nigga rich? Girl his name: Chris Brown "
yes sir! call you later tonight bro.
you're an example for us all.
What's hot now?
as a wine lover from potomac hope that corkage fee dissapears MD is losing business as it is. Lets change shipping laws too!
Thank YOU for being a mutual follower! Thanks, it was quite the adventure! :)
Demand chains amd anthropologists all the rage at
Subs n Suds carries two of my new favorites: Rogue Dead Guy & Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy. Word is they'll be getting in more craft beers.
We have vegan "chicken"!!!
works for me! lol
Thanks Jessica!! #Blessings!!
miss u! And text time I better be in fl with u!!
Just finished getting the last thing on my list at
ILL WILL! : #vsa2011 if a hotel has awful 3G signal, does charging for wifi result in more a) revenue or b) irritation/ill will?
So proud of my ability to send our press releases out just once. Getting multiple copies of the same email minutes apart makes me judge you.
My Fav Best Craft Beer NewsZine is out; hard copy at your favorite craft beer place or go online for June issue www.westcoastersd.com
Um...so does that mean you won't be taking pictures with my shirt?
Today's BTU inspiration: "True happiness... arises, in the first place, from the enjoyment of one's self." ~Joseph Addison
Dodgers game is headed into extra innings 2-2
Number 12 makes it look so easy.
On the bus omw to the history Museum. . .
Enjoy the little things because they might actually be the bigger things in disguise.
Sander Kleinenberg at #UMFBA seriously TESTING the bass in my speakers on #UMFTV! Sailor Moon!!
I just bought another game on sale from It's now a problem...I'm taking a 2 Month game buying moratorium. Please help me...
I would be Mad @ the World Too If I was Broke Wit A Way To Fix AND WONT
oh Sigurd Ros? I saw them live years ago in Boston. I have all their albums. I love 'em!
is she dieing
"info snacking" = when you'd otherwise be idling away moments of time, you can check in and plug in to your digital environment.
Only bright side is that they could really use her at
Imagine if they gave you more than like 6 pieces in a Scooby-Doo fruit snack package. We'd have nothin to complain about in life
*waits for american tour dates*.....
happy bday boo!!!!
Listening to Blues and the Abstract Truth (Roy Haynes!) and drinking coffee. Solid start to a Thursday.
The wind almost knocked me and jessica down while we were walkin homeO.O
Young Love album = ALWAYS makes my day :D
problem is orton wasn't the ONLY problem
You inspire me because you work to make the world better - every single day. And you rock.
what a great choice <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Seriously. Rory's lost her fool mind.
Any Musicians? Taylor for sale.... - DFW Auto Club Forums
lol word up
I highly recommend installing TwitterBar on your system You can tweet from the address bar in your browser. Very cool!
thanks for invite assswipe
almost done with season 2
It was a long day today:)
People who fill up other's twitter feeds with useless bullshit
Bestfriend loves me though <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
I admit. I like Nicki Minaj ...
If all of the students have similar responses, this is going to be a very sobering look at the services we provide.
Your eavesdroplets are cracking us up :)
Why is this computer lab 20 degrees warmer than the rest of the building?
Frankly, hadn't thought of it since it went nowhere with prospective backers. But glad u got a chuckle. :)
is a problem sponge?
Integer Vitae Scelerisque Purus => Blameless of life and free from crime
It's great to connect with you again! Hope all is well. :)
THIS IS JK MICHAEL REMEMBER THE NAME THIS IS ME THE TWO ARE THE SAME
Pauly D's smile;)
At this morning, a great discussion on summer slide, readiness gap, & chronic absence. Onward! #childrensliteracycoalition …
Nice start for the Lake show.
Sure! But I am invited to a dinner tomorrow evening. Let's meetup next week!
Sure, if you also send over an iOS device :)
[ insert middle finger emoji here ]
Just realized I am going to miss Junior Seau's memorial service. Definitely bummed about that..
Im kidding. Madonnas new music video is the best Target commercial I've ever seen.
Thank you, sir!
Do The Producers matter? :-)
sliced hand = ruined saturday night...blurgh
If you haven't had our Signature Dessert "Fried Banana Creme" your missing out
A group of Bloomington students discover a dead body during a field trip in Eden Prairie. More coming up at 2:00 PM on WCCO RADIO.
#ThoughtsWhileRunning Rocky made It look like it was a breeze
I go to sleep super late and wake up at 6am this is crazy
If you just learned about Kony today you really need to be more involved in world events. Also, kony is a fuckinf psycho.
Confession - I let clean clothes (folded) PILE up in the laundry room. RT I put up laundry. Yes, I'm amazing. Lol.
come to Las Vegas please?!? I would love to see you live!!!
They're*
hahaha good one chelle funny. Thanx. such a tease though being Mr. Pumpkin lumpin isn't here lmbo!
sweet jaden smith is following me:)
NBC reporting 7 arrested outside White House "protesting the Defense Appropriations bill". Extraordinarily well informed protesters.
If we were to conduct a virtual meeting on cannabis, intent on education and cannabis teamwork - would you log on?
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
We got the Angus if you want beef.
Director CKB says to read 'not clowny.' Hard for us. :) But it makes the play more funny; ppl take selves so serious/earnest.
Can't Wait Till School Ends On Thrusday.:) But I Don't Wanna Say GoodBye To ALL My Friends And That One Special Guy!. :(. Text Me!.
You are so sweet Vic, u are the perfect role model a girl could ask for. :{) hope we can meet someday! <U+2665> i LOVE you.
You love the way I linger, you keep me wrapped right around your finger. <3
why do I need to see it
Eating #bagels gives your jaws a workout ...
What you doing over there, sugar? Did you move? Something tells me you moved. Hrm.
I said "please."
Words cant describe how excited I am to see my girls.
I told you that we shouldn't talk or see each other for awhile. Maybe this will make you think twice before treating me like crap again.
I have more tweets than followers. Is this baseball? Stats tell the story?
Happy birthday :)
Its pretty freaking cold!
Town Meeting tonight...discussing moving the town well. I guess it has to be done but $$$$
trust me... houston rockets are playing overseas lolol
chanced to meet your (boss?) Yikes! if the two of you represent the avg. brains on your team you all must be a force!
We have THE WORST technology ever at work.
could we do friday instead? there's a sample sale i must attend thursday :)
I have a lifetime of #awkwardblackgirl moments.
y'all nervous?
Just heard that miranda Lambert's show had a bad scare tonight, geez first Sugarland now them. Scary BE SAFE
"Vamos a la playa!" "Vamos a la kick your ass, go do the dishes." My dad makes me giggle.
At the Mayor Institute on City Design, it's great to see an objective view of our city and how we can make it a better place!
Yes, that's correct. My phrasing was confusing.
Trust no words, believe all actions
Thanks for the good article - relating a highly discussed acquisition to intangible ad metrics, you are brilliant
Interesting. Do you know the London-based PrincipiaDialectica? They're anarcho-Postonists, also into Kurz
Today is one of those days where you keep dropping your phone -___-
Wasn't on this morning. Did I miss anything?!?!
that's fine but be prepared to just sit around watching us play cod
Amen- God is so awesome Pam! // RT : Father YOU are the reason why I breathe! Awesome CD!
that is my fear
not bricolage? Which my phone wants to correct to "bit collage"...
Trio (w Wil Blades/Micah McClain) plays the music of Wes Montgomery tomorrow (Thurs) at Kuumbwa Jazz Center, S Cruz, 7p! Great venue/food..
Justin Bieber Shows Off Basketball Skills in NBA ‘Drummer Boy ’ Promo (VIDEO) Basketball season is back with a bang with a little hel
Dear Frank McCourt: REPENT, FOR THE END IS NEAR! MUHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!!
hey buddy
Fruit salad , yummy yummy
yay for all the pancakes in the world. Ya.
We good
we can't help but feel his description would have worked for us porcupines, too.
Good Review
I'm sure he can dry his tears with his Scrooge MacDuck sized vault full of money.
Once again, a full body slam to concrete is a good thing. Of all the slams destined in your future it's just one less you gotta deal with.
Going to state fair with
Remember that time you put the dust jacket from my book on your book, then spent days searching for your own book? Awesome.
It's New Years Eve will 2012 be #12 year!! Only 85 knows!
welcome to my hood :-) ": What up Seattle?! \o/"
thank for the retweet!
Have you bought 's new song yet?
whatd u think
Fact: Food trucks and cupcakes will outnumber the people in #DC by 2014.
Sorry for all that . Everything is all good now
but so addicitve
Now I'm really excited about marching season :)
Damn you are leaving early!
#TheSexWasGreatWhen you have a double orgasm :)
Watching the #ThePottersHouse LIVE & shared program 4 women of faith to thrive in the marketplace!
"He took IT out" <U+25C4> Lmao!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Dave Burns and Chris Dahl! We hope you have an AWESOME day
Greetings from DC and good luck with your project. Check out to promote your work
A little Robert miles for the rush hour commute... I need a glow stick
Just did a spring storm update for the weather channel with our LiveU unit in Castle Rock- hello and love ya !
Who says the screenwriter is never allowed on set? Watching my writing be shot right now.
Speed training warm ups on my acoustic. Ugh my forearms are going to burn.
Thank You Joan <U+2665>
O music can really lift my spirits! It moves my heart!
If #sciencefiction is the #mythology of modern #technology, then its myth is tragic.
Dogs are great. Piss me off, can put 'em in crate, and I won't get arrested.
EO Wilson: We need an enormous diversity of plants and animals around us in order to survive.
“: Jus spiked my kool aid wit liquor ::sneeky face:: hope I don't get in trouble lol” really but okay.
yes teh TDP and D's in general, the only progressive voice that most know in the state, and then did it with bad "facts"
was ready to beat up Detroit and take its lunch money ... and dinner, breakfast, pension, money for medicine ....
Please check out www.scottbutleractor.com for my reel, film stills, resume and more! :)
Christina Aguilera is two margaritas away from being Snooki.
Nice to meet you!
I hate gay people
TSOI-LA: Octant at tonight. Have only been waiting nearly 15 years to see him/them!
Happy Mother's day to my amazing mom!!! I love you and appreciate everything you do for me<3
Now up! "Most of everything we THINK we know about people is wrong."
Magical #pork_chops and warm #chocolate_cake with marscapone and braised cherries. AND a beautiful man sitting across from me...b-day heaven
Let's Go Racing Boys... Bud Shootout time! :)
Apple to use Bloom fuel cells powered by landfill biomass for North
Daddy is Mommy today! 3x It's Showtime! (actually babies have been on air since 530)
I thought that Bowie TT had something to do with all of Portland's good players retiring/getting cut due to injurie.
Running in heels is not my thing.
Wonder if I disappointed #Oomf . :/
Apr 28,1952: #Churchill expressed concern about Britain's ability to carry the burden of security of the Suez Canal. Needed US support.
I think they get better when you are over 80 and still have it...then go crazy!
i would always get introuble when i went. lol, i got my braces off a while ago so i don't have to deal with that as much.
why follow when u can lead wat my og told me...
Such a pretty pretty pretty face but you turned into pretty big waste of my time
Just got out of the studio!;) Me and Abbi sang with Ronnie McDowell on his new album!!
Looks like someone went shopping and picked up some sassy ass tonight.
Also, I'd love to interview you for the paper whenever you have a chance!
yeah up front. Coffee after?
How boring can this be?
Now THAT is how #Mahler is done! Thanks for being there, !
Thanks so much to Peter & you for coming out. Really appreciate all your support :). Look fwd to having you guys visit SF!
YG- say stop ...stuck in my damn head. That's my shit lol
Thanks for the retweet of my retweet! By the way your profile quote says it all!
it makes me feel nice when people make the effort to friend request me on facebook...its kind of reassuring :p
lmao haha, thats what South Lake will do to you. Our version of What we dont do?!
Bahahahahaha! What?! Way to go gang.
hahahaha rage it
Thank you , now every time I hear "Edge of Glory" by Lady Gaga, I think of your wonderful Queens.
Chuck D &#39;Teary-Eyed&#39; Over Adam Yauch Death
Oi, you suave cat! Welcome to this corner of my digital universe!
Who wants to know how to open a business and wich business will succeed Check out our website www.createmoneyweb.com
"All of these characters are escape artists in slow motion..." on Kelly Reichardt in newest issue of Cinemascope.
The Betty White Commercial was better than the halftime show
Another beautiful day in the chi...
Round 5 Tonight?
Pack should claim Merriman if they can
Love ya Jim, saw you in NYC at the Comedy Cellar last March, but you're trying way too hard.
I'm even less interested in the Oscars this year than usual, despite Billy Crystal's return. Much ado about precious little.
That was quick!
Congratulations! And, hey, we can't always help how we react. Cool is good. I'll take it.
RT : We'll ask a trivia Q every 10 mins & randomly pick a winner Prize pork coupons Weber grill & other items
That's incredibly sweet.
Do You Need Any Licenses?
Won $250 at bingo tonight !!!
But true love is a durable fire, in the mind ever burning. Never sick, never old, never dead. From itself never turning.
If rich means making a GDP bigger than entire countries at the expense of poor hard working people, then where's justice?
#cincodemayo and no margarita. Maybe on seis de Mayo. More lime not-likely de Mayo. ;(
Thanks so much to all of my new followers! Call 414.364.0181 to try us out for FREE! We are located on #KK in the heart of #BayView,
when & where!?
RT : Hey Mr.Quinn, any chance you'll be coming to Dallas for a book signing?>>>>Nothing planned now- Would love to!
The feeling you get when you have done something good>>
Talk that talk, yeah I know I'm such a show off. (;
Body found near w. Burnside & Maywood. PPB on scene. All lanes closed.
Same sex marriage should be legal already. Most of them have longer relationships and unions that straight people.
So did Prince Fielder, basically.
I actually new how to do everything on a math test for once....what is this....
When your having a bad day and you don't know why..
how are you!?
Most surprising aspect of the movie in your opinion?
Can't wait til Monday rolls around. Tough time right now with this being the first mothers day since my mom passed away...
#FF for '05 grad who lives and works in the Boston area
Very cool! Congratulations!
Wait Grey's Anatomy is so sad right now
Jrue Holiday is the truth, he has playef great this serious
Interesting idea for tabletop RPG as way for people to interact with art in a museum... But do the dice have to have a bazillion sides? :)
I was asked by a few of my readers to "take the leash off" on my personality. I'm now writing part 2 of, "It's a curious bit of culture."
I'm at Appalachian Brewing Company in Harrisburg. Will by a beer for anyone who shows and mentions this tweet :)
"some girl said i was her baby daddy. I am not your baby daddy!" -nick LOL KENNEDY. NICK'S NOT YOUR BABY DADDY.
MJ taught me that
What if I gave myself a mohawk for graduation?
listening to a talk on tacos, authenticity, and otherness . this is so awesome
RT : Visit On Facebook To Help Name The Beer We'll Tap On Opening Day At Victory Field!
Many are alive but spiritually dead because they do not have a relationship with Christ.
i know, i will need it - at least I am goign in with my eyes wide open
Thank you for a great kickoff talk last night! FYI, a team is off and running on yoru land->ppath pitch.
It's going to be fun playing The Who's Tommy for the next 4 weekends.
Needs to be more specific. Talking about sin in relation to just being gay is different than convos abt relationships or sex.
we're fantastic in Philly! Thank you for the photo pass. Photos coming soon.
good--weather is looking ugly between you and CU. I was getting a little nervous.
Went to see the Hunger Games last Wednesday, and when I went to the theater me and my 3 best friends suddenly saw our school librarian.
LOL! RT confidence is going after Moby Dick in a rowboat and taking the tartar sauce with you! Zig Ziglar
Only need 19 followers to reach 1200. Can you suggest me to a tweeple or two from Cbus that likes fun, sarcasm and great window treatments?
you and Victoria are??
you should follow me since it's my birthday!
I WISH MY FAMILY COULD GO IT BE NICE IF U WOULD LET US IM A HUGEE FAN THANKS THO REPLY?
I love it when they call me Don Zapata.
When David Stern has his "A" game in a press conference - like tonight - he's fantastic. And yes, I know how to party on a Saturday night.
Bring them in and finish it off with some chocolate. We'll put it together for you!
it's gone be all faded and burning
I am so freaking tired of all this twitter drama. WHY CANT ALL FAN BASES, NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE, GET ALONG?!?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Great stuff. Congratulations!
#king5 Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to dispatch: 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
"...If I were still trying to please man, I would not be a servant of CHRIST."-Galatians 1:10
what part of washington state do you live in??
...I saw them make the chili today...you might wanna order something else...
As a Browns fan, I'm disgusted to share the same loyalty as someone who would say that to you
You too! Follow on Twitter and DM your email address to me and I'll add you to our Google group this weekend.
I have very little self control when it comes to chips and salsa.
Lonely Chicks always Tweet like they a Hot Commodity to make us think Men tryna holler at them.. They really not!
I hope u ain't playin wit my emotions
I could watch that PONPONPON music video all the day time
Dear Dominos, If you say your pizza's are "NOW MADE WITH REAL CHEESE!" Then what the heck was it before? Sincerely, Everyone.
History does repeats itself game 6 bout 5 yrs ago Heat won the SHIP now its Dallas time
people wouldnt even stop their cars for pedestrians when there was a pedestrian walk signal in Orlando. Drivers are scary there.
This month is healthy heart month. Eat omega 3 rich fish once a week to increase your blood flow and help your heart.
Where does the area code 402 come from and why are they calling me?
#NM cuisine is based on native ingredients like corn, beans, squash & chiles, & incorporates Mexican, Native American & Spanish flavors
We had a blast at our Tea Party! It was a wonderful weekend!
Fantastic job with the film I really enjoyed it! You and the rest of the cast were excellent!!
Finally ' Ms.du didnt bring her ass to school .
Only openings for tomorrow left @ 4:45 & 5:45 We'll have a glass of wine waiting for you!
Cause we are, the same. <3
Great picture of Langston! We did a show on his this past weekend - awesome audio of LH in conversation in '63. What a talent
The summers ours.
serialization of MD is news to me. Source?
I went from a C to an A in my math class!!! haha!!
Anyone else having problems posting to twitter? For some reasons it doesn't want to work for me today
y did u say u had a borin day?
At Stonewood mall right now for a little bit
let me see what we can do. interested!
Everyone should be happy & realize how short life is! Take every second for granted one day it can all be gone
RT this if you want to do a twitcam :)
lol you should i told you them females crazy to let you stay solo out here
no doubt
Opened the suitcase, saw her ambitions, now has to force the zipper again so she can carry the suitcase around until it's time. Patience.
Joe Higgins.. is like a patient trying to run an asylum... his long term vision is "after lunch". Like him for entertainment value.
Sat Sept 17th
here is an ode to Apple or the BIGGEST Apple of our generation
I love making chili but I hate eating the same leftovers for days.
So she can take care of herself. She's always talking about chicks who don't respect themselves and everything.
In other news...fattest cat in the world died from heart failure
"LIKE" our restaurant 18·81 Grille for a chance to win our Sunday Brunch Buffet for two! If you haven't tried it already, it's DELICIOUS!
I think dog park wit my dogs.. they need to run around n mingle wit other dogs. There to spoiled!
My twitter sound sounds like the aliens from Signs. So the new phone has been christened E.T.
prime line slide co door knobs
RT Wish the hostess with the crayon would circle our name! I'm hungry! ... no joke
A little boy w/ so much courage and bravery
of course! One of the few people I trust! :)
Look at OKC
That nap was much needed
"that was a real shocked face" to Taylor Swift. LMAO
Yay just came up with that on the spot :)
just been announced as special guests at our friends Victorian Halls' Christmas show Dec 23rd. Its at Subterranean, Chicago IL. Doors at 8!
#churchplanters You need people to help you so you better be nice, loving & full of grace!!
it's about committing suicide :(
if its wrong to love me I don't want you to be right!
RT : breakfast burrito....come hither
Hi Liz, thanks for the mention. We'll take any feedback we can get. Please feel free to email us at
today it came out
Hah, if only the family connection carried that much weight.
oh, really? :) thats awesome!
This weather is beautiful for January! Think I will run outside today.
i rather just talk to u
Take your time trust in me and you will find infinity<3 (: love that song:)
Love goes toward love as schoolboys from their books, But love from love, toward school with heavy looks Romeo
might ask to model a NB t-shirt for us. I wonder if she'd be interested.
thanks bud. I haven't started recording on the new album yet. Or planned it. But I have TONS of new stuff written & ready.
I know I'm so twitter-lazy at the moment, don't know why..lol. Do u have any news my love??
essential questions and timing of units (related to current events) usually start the process for me.
Ugh...the realization that after six years of living here, I finally have to register to vote in the state of New York...yuck.
That's probably good though!
Spending 4 hours on the 101....and no not the one in Cali....the 101 goes border to border...
"Vision without execution is hallucination" ~ Edison. Standout quote from inspiring 5mi run this morn with &
#AmericanReunion and #Titanic3D enjoyed them both this weekend...
jordan 4 Holiday at the Electrifying Amsterdam houseboat to browse ...
we are experiencing issues with our account. It has not been updated since this morning and it will not refesh now, any ideas?
I just tweeted ur video 2 Carly Rae Jepson! Ur welcome! I know I'm the best.
- My nephew was good & he loves superheroes and the 2D showings were sold out. I just needed to see The
Be sure to tune in to the parking lot right now at www.wsupfl.com!
yeah just got it
I found the best chicken in pdx.
Met a great group of Dads last night thanks NFAR
#XFest/ at was rediculous tonight. Can't believe it actually happened.
Someone should text me. #bored (:
A1 Mastery is effortlessness
Love what you're doing with UV. I want to help. I'm in DC next Monday. Would either of you be able to meet?
I miss you so bad right now...
Killed my audition,gonna score some grub. And then,work on Last Breath stuff!
#FF No matter how bad your day is, she will make you smile! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
I like Denver's pick of Oregon's RB ; and Cleveland's #1 pick RB Richardson - both Great.
You blasting Beyonce The Best i Never Had in yo car
Oh JSP class :D
Hope all of you are following the songstress
I just discovered the Wifi File Transfer app and it is going to CHANGE MY LIFE.
1st game of the season w/
RT : A crowd armed with iPads, smartphones, laptops and hip eyewear ... yep we've arrived !
"it's kind of a funny story" is a great fucking movie. I'm so happy i finally got to see it
I was told to live and let live, so live it up baby
go-head..get loud!
Ooh! Tell us your #friendiversary story!!! (via email or your blog, Mr. Schu!)
Make it happen!! Summer time is around the corner. :)
are you hiring for any positions? I miss Icelandair
how are the workouts going?
Never heat pesto sauce - the basil will turn black and taste bitter.
Hawaii is so boring
You have been that busy wow you're late.
is a case study, a minor research paper, and a 50-question exam away from being a senior. I may actually graduate one of these days!
happy birthday Josie!!! Enjoy your day today!
Its Friday ^_^
That's great. Pls share with the BRITE audience.
The world is divided into 2 groups of people: the ones that "Click 'Stumble!' to discover a new page" & the ones that don't. I'm in the 2nd.
watch out for #Dolphins this year. Think #Bengals of 2009. Extremely underrated D, timely big plays, mo & confidence ensue.
Ahh, I remember those days when I loved doing follow Fridays every single friday. I'd think about it all week...now, I just don't care.
hahahahaha, thats probably a good idea!!
me too ! & hearing my art is a favorite always makes my heart happy :) Thanks So much Morgan !
I wish I could trust anything Facebook says...alas.
u damn right!! Told them folks they can sweep dat shit under the rug lol RT": But I know you saw them Knicks though!"
I want to go to bed!
I'm curious about this, too! do some programs have classes on processing?
WiFi at McCarran - not the best.
Thank you Patrick!
yeah she does that sometimes lol
RT : As Romney leaves Joe's Pizza carrying 3 pizzas, someone on the sidewalk shouts "Just don't put 'em on the roof of the car."
Please let my papa get on the plane! Flights should not be booked solid when you fly out every 30 minutes!
Aotearoa you'll always be in my heart! I miss you!
Id rather have no friends then some fake ass ones
Sitting in a diner where my feet don't reach the floor -_-
Don't quote me boy 'cause I ain't said shit.
Tony Parker up-and-under #STop10!
as much as I hate the word....#yolo is da best way to describe that situation tho lol
that's the smartest thing u ever said! Long as they don't play like u on NCAA we def gone be on point
is it weird that I picture you saying that with a british accent? i kinda like it haha
Love is my religion - I could die for it.
I think, therefore I row....I row, therefore I hurt.
New Pics and track on our facebook, check it out loves ;)
So obsessed with instant. What happened to cultivating and waiting years to bear fruit?
Sure did buddy. Look forward to continuing our brotherhood. Sabrina and I are fine, she says "Hey." lol
Laying on the tailgate looking up towards the moon.
Check out my new holiday themed Twitter background. Cherish it, won't you?
yeah, so it's best you make the decision that will benefit you now and in the future.
Anyone have a score update on the #Bears game???
Consider the source. Read with a big grain of disbelief re so-called expert. Experts warn not to demonize dog breed
Friday is gonna be the best day everr
omg can you call me off Margaret's
Thanks ! #DEVO's "Beautiful World"!!!!! Great Friday tune
Thanks for the Mention.
Price for Autoglass Locator rumored to go up 5/4/11. Go to www.listyourshop.com to take advantage of the $29/month deal today!
I'm glad you also have a strong dislike for Aubrey! haha
I did not realize you had so many! What's this tat gonna be?
Flores says to link homeless students to school resources and mentors in the school. Include community efforts.
I'm leaving to a birthday party and sleep over
Youll see a good boy; Gonna give you the world,But he’s gonna leave you cryin' With your heart in the dirt.
Was just hopping on to tell your that. Fonts are gorgeous, though! Great work.
Interesting: Enid Montague discusses touch & gaze in doctor/patient encounters. What are cultural implications?
#Oomf is blowing my twitter up when all I wanna do is catch some <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>'s
Hey remember me? I did CD covers for you in the day...
Hahaha shanking a shot so bad the ref thinks it was deflected & so gives us a corner! So some good in there tho
Yes. This. RT : Greinke has to man up today and get this series win. They desperately need it.
Just took a peak at the calendar. Looks like my birthday is in 5 days.
If I were 18 I would defs vote for you.
you have your camera? and youtube is being a bitch...
If you need a makeup artist for your Halloween costume let me know asap Im filling up fast!
Busy day today...two meetings, rehearsals and a callback. Oh and I'm a year older today! #sograteful for all the good things in my life!
May answers come to me by easeful attraction rather than stressful pursuit, and may all beings benefit from these inquiries. Ten
Sounds good, ill be on very soon..
I'll bet, don't take on work for a while, even if it's from me!
Hahaha yes very much so! Made my day<3
Tornado drill. Chilling in the girls pool locker room with my class.
The local news makes me feel like the sky is falling. Murder, corruption, unemployment... Tweet me some good news you experienced today.
its 3am in london and I am waiting 4 a reply!!!!
Rush Limbaugh is an entertainer like Joseph Goebbels was a movie producer.
thanks for all the ideas Mike!! :)
aw, no direct credit. bummer. Hey , no props to ?
The surest way not to fail is to determine to succeed. -Richard Brinsley Sheridan
Thanks to everyone who made it happen. The Plaza Classic Film Festival has officially wrapped!
A controversial bill in Washington state - insurance co.s forced to pay for abortions? Story on KOIN TV in 10 minutes.
umm... No thanks.
at least it was done in preparation of doing cool shit
Did you catch it yesterday? I was on around 8am yesterday morning.
#AskBow what is your biggest fear
I know i was just joking around
bomb!! What where me and bethany went for v day. Gabe wants to go to open gym in morning, wondering if u wanna roll.
...so, about until it's obsolete. RT Adobe Master Collection CS6 is $2,600. That's the same as a 4 year subscription.
I'll even take you to Canter's.
We've pulled into conversation with the advisory board; talking tech, pedagogy, and research.
One Shining Moment!
Wait, did #hellfreezeover ? Did my boyfriend actually join twitter? He better be
Why is it that most nudists are people you don't want to see naked?
Need More Followers To Reach 1,000 Please Follow
Xmas is stressful
why are we so awesome?
looks like bron did the same thing fam were down 18 smh we good tho its a small thing to a giant
"Or is it all just an illusion given the fact that the entire existence is pointless but mysteriously ordered." - A Freudian Perception
The Myth of Dealer Only Keys--Don't assume that your 'fancy new key' can only be duplicated or replaced by a dealership. Call 503-241-4922
BIG UP TO ALL MY BALTIMORE HOOPERS.........BIG CLEVE WHAT UP
- I am in awe of you! You bring such grace and charm to the characters you portray! Fabulous work last night!
If you post +3 statuses a day on Facebook I find you annoying... If you post a status every hour I find you ultra annoying
Compromise, the art of giving in to your kids
RT : RT : I think vegas skipped spring and went straight to that summer heat.
that's so sick dude!
You're a true 90's kid if you've ever heard someone say "Get off the phone, I have to use the Internet."
Does "VIP Cocktail waitress" mean the same as waitress at a strip club?
Tech & Society Week 10: John Augustus Roeblings was one of the initial designers of the Brooklyn Bridge.
what yo email bro
goin' geek and learning about apps with gary and travis.
...because S. Lee tweeted the wrong address by mistake. He apologized but this issue is not going away, soon.
shooting some cool new foods.
.. its hard not to be at work when you have a ecommerce site. Someone is always ordering.
I would have .... Let me stop typing
Burrito Madness tonight!!
In a great mood today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
lame!!! The host of that show is too fucking weird
hey, no matter how you cut it, a winner is a winner =)>
why is houston weather so bipolar?! OH MY GOSH -___-
Floyd is simply brilliant. Enjoy it while you can.
your welcome hope your enjoying your
soy mint chip ice cream and cherries and brussel sprouts are some of my favs too- also artichokes and cucumbers
I feel ya ,but steroids make you great! You don't see mediocre players use them, do y...ooooohhhh.
I've never met him, yet he always asks me for money. Somehow I'm the selfish one! Aren't 40 y/o men able to take care of themselves??
I probably am supposed to hate it, but the soundtrack cracks me up.
I don't hate I appreciate.
Now, for storyboards/directing in general: I pick 4 principles/"pillars" and stick to them for every decision, from angles--
Just got the news...... R.I.P Sarah Towler. Best wishes to you and your family. You will be missed and always loved.
Oh so our shool caught on fire awesome day
Are you around today?
fun times. Hope all is well
Companies can post free coupons on MilwaukeeCoupons.com!
Now thats a finish...Paul, Bruce, Joe Walsh, Dave Grohl
Hi Dan! Thanks - I'm happy to connect with you. Lizzi
I dont know why i stop but i just cant tweet every day no
"I'm going to write a song about my son to get pussy" - every modern rock singer.
Not surprised, breaks and won't process payments from Google Chrome. Over 25% browser share worldwide, but ignored.
Written in 1869 by Sarah Lancaster, "Last Words of Copernicus" imagines a hymn by Philip Doddridge as the speech of the 16th c. astronomer.
#V-Twin expo!
God can do more in one moment of time than we can do in a lifetime!
I'm loving The Ethics of Internet Research by McKee and Porter: "IMHO is not a sufficient ethical argument."
"If I ain't rap 'cause I flipped burgers at Burger King, would you be ashamed to tell your friends you feelin' me?"
snap. I swam in there once. Did u guys just like hop the fence and swim?
Whenever I get a new calender, I flip straight to my birthday month to see which picture I got.
Convincing my mom to bring me to worlds next year! Worlds was the shit this year!SO MAD I DIDNT GO:(
ending in a tie im jnust gonna say we won (:
Just received the creepiest email evr from an anon pro-life frmr student.
All eyes on Austin,Tx for SxSW what kind of spectacular live music we gonna see this year.
#GreatestAlbumsOfAllTime Nothing Personal by
Love BA on the call on TBS tonight!
eminem concert in the city!
Exhausted...but the sleep eludes me. Sigh. Channel flippin time!!
The serenity of the late night/early morning is like being cradled in the hands of the person you have the most affection for.
I'm getting money. Must be illuminati.
yep! well vicki's class watched up and carolines watched rio.. but both are animated which i hate so im kinda happy we didnt!
Obama pledges tough enforcement of Wall Street reforms
I'm killing it like OJ yea thas Wat the hoes say
Um...thin mint lunch today.
Doing a great job! Looking forward to seeing you
It feels like I'm watching someone play a video game... #TigersBaby!!!!
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened.- Lao Tzu #TAF #followngain ? #TFB ? #500ADAY?
But Kauflin and Cohen and the young kid made strong showings too. Had to step away during Zaleski's set.
Just got done meeting a client at the office for a last minute project. Great guy, getting tons of good PR tomorrow and deserves it.
RT : We know choosing the best pavement can be difficult. Check out the informational brochure below comparing......
One Direction really needs to come to omaha
Makes sense though right people are always commenting on how happy my kids are and my house is a sty :)
Practicing for my SF show at SoCha cafe on Saturday night at 8pm. Drew Pearce opens. I'm on at 9pm. Good music and friends. Come on out!
I have a sneaking suspicion that some of my female Facebook friends have become housewives. All they do it's talk about cleaning...
Going to the show tonight @ The 5 Spot.
My headphones don't work so omw to school in silence </3
We're making Cap'n Crunch Chicken in our Qwik Meals w/ Chix class 10/12 at 7! It's yummy!
May not be prefect, not a lot of money but, im not fake!!!!!!
Forget the Fear Factor....it's all about the "Felton Factor" tonight! He has 26 pts thru 3Q.
You make me feel ashamed of myself. This is not a good thing! I won't stand for it!
What's wrong?
Sip and Bite on Boston St was closed for filming today. Anyone know what they're filming ?
Can you remember the very FIRST time you ever saw a #Tarot card? Tell us! please rt, we are interested in YOUR answer!
Doing great and looking forward to Friday! Have a good one. See you at #SoSlam!
I wonder how stupid i look spinning in circles in my parking lot
Retweet If Your Boyfriend Never Call You..
I'll take a drink every time they say so. That should help this final hour go by
Just had McDonald's <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
#MyFavoriteThingToDo is jam out to music when i am home alone ~ <3
Waking up with my treadmill is one of my fav things to do! Here we go day!
We need to figure out how to layer and store energy in our houses.
great to see you too Chris. You've always been a huge support! Miss you as well.
wow can u add me on facebook at
We're good at doubleheaders! RT “: Are they gonna play tonight?? #SFGiants”
At SLC airport, post LITA. Free wireless - woo hoo! Starting to board for my flight back to DFW.
man, I hope that doesn't happen to me
Not enough but I was a TA for World history.
lol yeah do that for me :)
I can't remember the number but the Rainier Valley one. #358 might be a tie though.
have a show in your home town soon.
If you were to pair a #cocktail with the movie The #HungerGames, what would you make?
I couldn't tell ya. :D
So I just got home from Star Wars Weekends was a great day such awesome Darth Maul Merch this year. Now I need to pass out for a day!
Shout out to all the big girls at The-Dream concert.
My feet hurt so much but aw well going to tumble :)
I'm not sure, but I don't think so. I will be with the Pearson folks at educause this week, so I can ask.
you don't know the guy :)
Happy time is just so......happy. Right and ?
You and me both sister!
do you tweet a lot?
The dog park needs a DJ. I have no problem being it.
Yeah I know! How are ya?
#Counterfeit drugs need stricter penalties MT : #FDA warning doctors a 2nd counterfeit version of cancer drug Avastin found in U.S.
Follow us !?
Special #NYArtBookFair deals on featuring Come visit at PS1.
Getting ready for the bi-monthly general membership meeting of VOICE, a congregation based community organizing group - part of Gamaliel
Let me stop talking about the Lakers before one of their fans #MettaWorldPeace my ass Lmao..!!!
Hopefully we can make that happen
Healing fairly well :) It was great meeting you - thanks for the laughs at #SOBCon!
STOP SPAMMING ME FRANK
Yes it is my Friend.
#pizzanight happy #Friday. Order a pie tonight. We deliver
the dingo...
Thanks for the #FF. :)
Humphreys Concerts by the Bay w/ some of music’s top performers wouldn’t be complete w/o dinner & drinks before at BH!
I need a debit card..
'Life here is better, down where it's wetter, take it from me." from Under the Sea :) My sister sings it ALL the time. haha
Thanks, Matt! ": Nice job talking bout Jackie post-O on Emily Rooney Show yesterday, "
“: I really just wanna replay last night. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>” That was so much fun! We're you nervous at all?
always. Too bad the Wings already lost their game before I've even gotten out of bed
I really want to see Snow White and the Huntsman!
#LifeOfAnAthlete! ;) RT : Going to watch a movie til I fall asleep.. Early cardio and training. Goodnight everyone! xoxo
Haha :P very nice
I love 's goodmorning tweets it always brightens my day(:
#fitness I have lost over 75 lbs in 2011 simply by eating right and moving more! How can you motivate others to join life's journey?
Three more songs ready =D
fans: oh hey justin bieber is here. me: HOLY SHIT WE ARE IN THE SAME CITY BREATHING THE SAME AIR. OMG JUSTINS BREATH IS IN MY MOUTH!!!!
At the moment no, but I think we might have a band practice!
Seeing Chris Botti with Alpha Blackburn.
Hey Barnes....you are a lottery pick...play like it!!!!!!!!
Gosh, thx , with an h this time... Oopsy ;)
Wish I could let y'all hear I DO MY THANG........soon enough It's DF!
Do you ever tweet in real time and wonder if the weirdo you're talking about is following you?
digging the the radiant, prismatic colors in the sunset this fine evening...the close to another utopic day in LA.
You can't extinguish a bad habit, you can only change it
People don't text ,to see what you. Doin, they either Like you,want money,want sex, want you,want head, try Make plans or tell something
"Judge not, lest they be judged"
what's wrong with the Aggies ?
love you too, suck up
Looking forward to having you RT : Are you in Miami this Thursday? Meet me for drinks at in SoBe, 6-7:30 PM.
read my last tweet....see i saved you from depression haha
:/ your so lucky was it fun?
There was also the subtle rubbing incident in the creepy Cambridge Public Library stacks. Do not attempt to sexually assault the staff!
So delighted to be spending Saturday in Annapolis with the House of Delegates.
Just had some Mushroom soup and more tea, took a break earler and swung with my daughter on a garden swing. It's a nice day today.
As long as Stephen Ross and Jeff Ireland are running the dolphins I refuse to instill hope in this poorly run franchise.
Had a great chat with yesterday. They run in only one mode 100% beast.
DID YOU EVER NOTICE THAT WHEN I TURN OFF THE CAPS LOCK the voice in your head goes back to normal?
The party went well
Survived another high school reunion. Might just have to go again in 5 years. I love and miss the Berkshire's. Back to Chicago we go.
It's kinda funny that and haven't realized that the Hawaii trip is just a romantic getaway by now.
Hope every1 watched top chef w ! Go and #motoboys! Show 'me what we're made of!
This girl said she can survive in tha world without money cuz she cute lol wut?
Swag, swag y punto O.o
Is it me? or is every male battle that's not on just getting more and more trash? Quality wise!!
Damn Dude That Thunder Is Serious .
Who do you think was the Met's best dressed?
RV? You'd have the option of driving your apartment to class
is a #BUNSON!!! She's the most #GUSH singer out! Sheesh
Ditto; I love Starbucks My fav is an Iced Chai Latte. But before that it was a Vanilla Bean Frappe w/ Java Chips. What's yours?
What should our question be... "Why do the hockey gods hate Columbus?" Maybe something more existential, e.g. "Is life fair?"
I GOT MY TICKETS FOR THE LA 2013 SHOW! #soexcited I love you all
Looking 2 do Twitter & FB work on the side 4 cheap. If u know anyone interested please let me know. Need $$ to help pay 4 the twins delivery
Why can't school be over tomorrow?
You wouldn't keep driving your car with a flat tire, and you shouldn't take ibuprofen and then go running. You'll do more damage!
hahaha well i dont think we have that much money !
We're proud have the support of such great sponsors! RT is Proud to be a 2011 Platinum Sponsor at this year's !
We do personal and corp. accnts! Be among many who call Black Crown! Ubermind/Deloitte, Nordstrom fashion and more! 206 722-7696 to inquire.
No , the Dallas Mavericks will not miss the playoffs. They can't afford to.
did anyone really expect a different result from carmelo vs lebron?
That new secondary is gonna be a nice change!
Point Park Baseball's travel distance to Marion, Ind. (by bus): 368 miles, 6 hr, 7 min. Cecil is at the wheel.
#IfOnlyICould read people's minds
Truly there is one born every minute.
we need to talk... i want you to live.
support replied on 1/26 to yr user list request. Spam filter? Will resend. Pls submit a ticket if more needed.
join Quinn haha
Another day, another dollar!
I'd like to think you paved the way! The race was - I didn't get choc milk in finish area, out of respect for you.
howay it is nicole scherzinger ya na!!! I reckon i'd stare like haha xx
This one is for the boys with the boomer system , Top down AC with the coolest system,
with 23 points to lead his team to victory. So happy for him. UK fans have been following him before he got big. Love Ya A1
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one's definition of your life; define yourself.
Knowing that I have leftover Indian food for lunch perks me up a bit, though. Not a lot, but a bit.
Google is working on a pilot and allowing certain organizations through, but even CBS News got deleted.
If I can't run at least I have gardening to keep me sane.
Fuck fake nails.
Or. Or you could call me.
Just got back from the gym the cycling class OMG in the words of Tom Hanks off the movie cast away NEVER AGAIN WILSON NEVER AGAIN. lol
what else is on it?
Cool, do your day/night jobs ever conflict? I do some standup comedy and even that has been a lil tricky sometimes ;-)
genart film festival is over but wait until next year it going to be better
now that ive graduated...its time to move on to the next chapter of my life
you mean rescheduling? Haha!
It has been a long time!!!!!
Was sitting on the back porch and felt an earthquake. That was weird.
In a cab, and saw a clip...feel so bad for #Kelly. How is she going to survive without #Regis?!!
Feeling some kinda way right now
": Your performance of "Ave Maria" was absolutely heavenly. WOW. Good luck! #TheVoice"
say what you like about the deaf...
#newtwitter? Looks the same to me...
So my dad dies, and then my mom's dog gets hit by a car. WHAT ELSE YOU GOT? Just get it over with. Come on.
get it, girl :)
Baseball players have good butts...
I love the playoffs this year... Just about every game is a grind to the end.
Angela sanged all her songs
#MaydayParadeJake favorite place to tour outside of the U.S?
I cut my hand open on my jacket zipper. What if I need stiches?! I will die
About to go cook !
Shocking development. But probably a little easier on the digestive tract.
insanity! I used to babysit for $2 an hour and we're not even Mormon. I would have mowed grass too, but #itsArizona ;-)
I guess I just don't like "indie" music. Generally speaking, if a band calls themselves indie, it means I will be asleep before track 2.
Check out Barb Wire Dolls! They are playing with us tomorrow at Churchills. Hope to see you all there :D
Watching draw geek sheep....in honor of our event Geek Chic. (Don't ask.)
Yesterday's best magnetic poem: "drink tequila ask ghost woman for fight."
Why do I think a sophomore is cute? I need to get outta here and go to college already...
Perhaps The Steve Conte Shrine...hope to see ya next Friday in NYC on my continuing RLF Tour ;-)
Nashville. March 7th
on the Mac they use OS X's GC. Not sure on iOS, probably replicating something like ARC.
Hey there....fun! absolutely.....do you have any new designs yet??
im excited!
listen to Kid Rock's old shit where he said nigga every other word. so funny... such a goon
BREAKING NEWS RT No way! RT: Sometimes I get confused
How does it work??RT : kasimp3 will pay u 4 sharing ur single
R.I.P Biggie, one of the greatest rappers of all time
On the hunt for a narrator for our film. Topping our list is Sean Penn. Anyone out there know him personally?
Thank you so much for the list love! :)
Question: why dont bathroom stall walls go all the way to the ground?
Can't sleep. And I NEED to sleep.
happens to me all the time :/
4 days away from the gym. The return wasn't as bad as I thought it was
Thanks for the compliment Cate! The t-shirt collection is fun but the *evil* grin is all my own.
After my set tonight an older Latino gentleman approached me and said "You're a bad ass, dude." I'll be living off that one for a while.
thumb master! Lol. Hope you got some sleep today so you can be ready for tonight!!
A vote in Washington D.C.this evening could restore paid leave to Minnesota Red Bulls. Live coverage on KSTP-TV at 5pm.
My 13 year old self just imploded. JC from NSYNC is at the movie theater with me. Die. Swoon. I die.
Got a couple cum stains on my work shirt and pants. I clocked in at 75 miles an hour on the gun
Shouldn't you be asleep?
Well…looks like you're ignoring me.
Let's see how good this gcal api is...
If an internal candidate is selected for the position, make a written job offer that includes the new job description and salary
I woke up with a big ass head ache :(
Any recommendations on a really good auto body repair shop in the DFW area?
i am into water sports. squirt guns, slip n slide, ice cream socials at the home
Of course not, tell us when you launch your station and good luck bro!
If you love someone, you wouldn't force them to be someone they are not. Because you love them even though you know they're not perfect.
but that one just isn't in my arsenal.
lol well no, but get that annoyed look on my face, i be in the middle of stuff and moms just says the same things over n over
Gorgeous camel Chloe bag just came in and ! Used but has lots of character. Only $225.
I always wake up, & so thirsty I have too go get a drink
I had rather believe all the fables in the legends and the Talmud and the Alcoran, than that this universal frame is without a mind. -Bacon
How's everyone? I'm really having a bad day :( well hope yours is better. :]
oh no problem (: <3 I just know how hard life can be for you sometimes.
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Dentek Kids Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Judging by RB's demeanour, he lacks conviction.
I'll hit you tomorrow when I talk to my people bro
Intelligent people will work it through...regardless. Great reminder, tough to follow at times
copying and pasting others work, bad "health coverage", and vague headlines forcing you to click though, I am done with huffpo.
Not only has God given me another birthday but he has also made work go by smoothly.
ah got u, ruff!
Anyone else watching #dancemomsmaimi -Kelly:)
it's fiesta Friday with DJ All Nite!
"A person's a person, no matter how small." Happy Birthday, Dr. Seuss!
Haha that's funny RT : I've been on Twitter for 16 months and I just figured out what #FF meant. Kept looking for fast forward
Who doesn't love a discount on Food Cart chow, ? We'll work with a cart or two in the warmer months. Any suggestions?
You know what we haven't learned yet? THAT NO ONE, NO ONE IS A SECOND CLASS CITIZEN. How difficult is that?
Bridge can provide housing for TEFL students at a cost, or you can stay at a hotel or hostel.
If I think of myself I am nothing, but my actions can make a world of difference
Week 1 is like christmas.
Who lives in miami that's ready to party
- great - can you follow me so I can send you a direct message or email at so we can discuss.
That is the sense of entitlement I was deriding. You don't have a right to their content.
Who is planning on coming to see us for New Year's Eve? We hope to see you at Grazie! 305.673.1312.
haha, dude ikr! I have no balls to play with anymore :(
Intriguing. Well, I guess we'll hear about it if you make the bigtime.
Thanks a bunch, , for the retweets ;-)!
selena brighten up my life :)
feet is usually the best strategy. harder to catch a ball at your shoes!
I've never been one to sugar coat things. Just tell it like it is & if you're too sensitive to handle it, well then....
Aww, my awesome hubby cleaned the bathtub! Ah.
Don't forget Lunch orders for next week! Our catering options are AMAZING! Let me know if you need a menu packet! :)
I do 200 too and sprints once in a while
Can he run the US?
Think of us as a black business support group. Then join today!
Lucky charms>>>
girls who work there..have BIG dreams for their careers
I just read the part when they are in the elevator ... Phewww I can't handle this lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
dear god dear lord please find a way to make these people evaporate from my life #ICantEven amen okay
Victorian Halls will be on Fox 45 in Dayton, OH this Monday at 8:20am. Make sure to tune in!
#np Alicia Keys - Try Sleeping With A Broken <U+2665>
haha inform everyone!!
I think they mean the Bush tax cuts. Which, you know, Obama extended.... So there's that.
that's what's up
I experience anger, but I would never physically hurt a fellow person, unprovoked. It's good to focus on how much love there is out there.
TWO DAYS
“: Rise n shine everybody!! Something tells me it's going to be a good day... #attitude” When's your next tourney?
#sca2012 SF Muni Archive: started putting images up on HistoryPin and immediately drew lots of traffic.
Hahaha, my little sis is something else
I love you hurricane gage
aaron.tv 3.0 will have daily vlogs of follow this martian!
Good. How was your Thanksgiving, I hope it was wonderful one.
don't we all bro
Having a lot of fun updating my website.
More Bassheads the better!
Never too early...J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets!
you and me both. Lol
That slash by Mike Smith made me laugh out loud. Awesome
I believed the whole time, but I'm a fan....like you.
I called WSJ to do the same and the woman told me that she had never heard of the Kindle or e-book readers in general
I love goldfish.
I agree, can't wait! Hope to meet you
Beauty is skin deep.
hmm, that sounds scary. Is fellow court still there? Maybe that's where they are doing the missile thingy from for the Olympics
I think it looks cooler in Cyrillic :)
New mewithoutyou is already blowing my mind and I am one song in...
Wished I was in LA with my Beachbody peeps. ESPN taping the workout today! Represent.
I weight 135 I need to drop 10lbs to get back to my normal weight idk where the fat is but it gtta go lol
something to think on. If you read the book of Mormon you will find they make references throughout of the Bible and both books..
It was great to meet you too!! Come party may 18th!
It's a ceremony to celebrate an achivement but dont forget it is also a publicty stint for the President.Big event like this gets word out
can u DM us ur email and we can get to the bottom of it. Also, we'll reset ur rental period & hopefully get you watching soon.
Ugh, I HEAR you Lord....we are going back to church tomorrow. Dang.
haha maybe that will help
Can't wait to go to Nashville!!! Almost time!
Hmm... should we get Bolt Bus tix for 4/21? Better start Scrabble practice soon!
is looking for a mixed #Recruiter / #Sales #Consultant for Kineticom in the
Happy Cinco de Mayo & Kentucky Derby day! #mybirthdayisin10days :)
I love you are magical, lylical, beautiful <3 <3
Was Al Gore in town? He may have taken it with him when he left.
When I got enough confidence, the stage was gone
Dear Lord THANK YOU!
“I am what I am” <U+2015> popeye
Shocker in Seattle: Clear Channel parts ways with KUBE midday talent/20-plus-year market fixture Shellie Hart. Stay tuned for updated info.
& tutors RT : I jus need some corporate sponsors
Happy United Day!!
There is a mouse hiding behind a box in our living room...So why do I also feel the need to hide from it?
just followed! :)
Leftover Molly
Red bull! God morning!
I have Hanley in a keeper league. He needs to play 10 games at 3rd before his position is moved from SS to 3B. Stupid
Sewriously, just got home. Good damn night.
Who likes money? Who's been on a date? Memoirs of a Single Dad is hosting a contest in February you won't want to miss! Stay tuned
I wanna go home !
Our minds think alike a lot lately. Haha. I wish I could see it with you :(
its difficult to read
hey! thanks for following (: you guys should definitely go checkout xoxo have a great day!
Nice Mikey I love eBay too - I saved you as a favorite seller!!
Social security office is a sad place. Why exactly did I opt for the pain of changing my name? Oh yeah, never mind.
Looks like the (RED) badge is back and bug free
She should of told a girl with her tits and her tummy showing to cover up..-.-..
ALL HALE LOUIS TOMLINSON& THE OTHER 4 HOMOSEXUAL GODS.
love Romar but I'm pretty sure that a truly elite coach could have gotten more from the talent on this team.
I think your account has been hacked. Got a spam dm.
whats your favorite song youve written
#ICantStandWhen someone puts an empty pitcher back in the refrigerator.
Everyday I'm shufflin'
u think I'm fat!!! That's why u send me that!! Hahaha
Ron N Bobby Are my heros.
NO SHE DIDN'T.
Salty aF my headphones just broke -______-
Congrats you will be one of the best world heavyweight champions of all time. Keep up the good work
First love is only a little foolishness and a lot of curiosity. ---George Bernard Shaw
One must first test an argument oneself; For obviously one must refute those things by which inquirers refute a claim #Aristotle Top. 8.9
Spur of the moment going to see hunger games with and others
and even tho we let it go it's better u know I still got it for you
Tampa Police Officers have Joseph Lee Frye in custody at the Mayflower Motel
Thanks again. Definitive winner: Filezilla! Always know I can count on the #genesiswp community for help.
Shower time!!
Soo , babe says I'm amazing .. I think he's wrong .. (; love you too babe . (: <3
follow for follow guys?
RT : Check out the new & #BILLBOARD on Century Blvd near #LAX!!! Looks great guys. Thanks
With 11:22 remaining the #Aztecs still hold a 47-34 lead over the Broncos.
they should lose their voting privileges! I would love to know who they thought were better.
I really do not feel like working today.
I laugh at shit that's not even funny lol
RT Sorry, you're at the wrong gate, Justin.
yes i am dude tweetpic that shit
Wade is a beast also jose Reyes going back and forth between baseball and basketball look like a anther nail bitter
Woke up early today, then did what I had to do...summer is kickin in!
What Team Is Your Pick To Win The 2012 NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament???
When you think yours Dreams are too Far fetch you get Nothing but if you Focus on your Dreams and believe it can happen "Things" Happen!!
my publicist is trying to set up a signing for me there-when are u doing ur demo?
damn right it is shaved legs that's enough said!
idk if you can....
FedEx pickup came 10 min early! NO! Guess its going out late.
ms :) a pleasure to see you in my Twitter feed. hoping all is well with you these days. thinking of u ...
The GOP Presidential debate is to political discourse what the WWF is to athletics.
School please end so I can hang with
Not only that, the red labeling is fainter, more spread out, and fragmented, meaning that the synapses themselves are misshapen
Parked in 2 hour parking...need to move my car before I get a ticket, I hate downtown city parking!!!
thank you everyone that tuned in !!!!
RT The will be serving their awesome slider burgers at 4-8pm today! Come shop & grab a bite to eat!
6 classes still testing..
asks about questions that are "bigger than technology" - e.g. mental health services.
The link rot rpt? I explored, and all I find is the press release data at this pt. Hesitated to tweet. Will ask in a.m.
Swear they r the next hip hop or a bball star
MS Open Tech Releases Open Source Metro Theme for jQuery Mobile
NFL Mobile app only for customers.
63-63 ALL TIED, end of regulation, OT in the Merrell Center!!!
Part of why I love her is she only knows how to speak from her heart. No BS with that one.
he's genuine. <U+2665>
#SweepShow everyone, tune in.
New math in box me digets .....
Love The tech support is killer.
DVR alert! My special Harry Potter: The Final Chapter will air again this Friday and Saturday on CNN @ 8pET/5pPT!"
you're really pretty.(:
RT I always fall for your type.
RT : The worst thing about being lied to is simply knowing you weren't worth the truth. -Unknown
still haven't packed
Forecast for Tuesday: Showers in the morning. Then showers likely with isolated thunderstorms in the afternoon. Highs...
big meeting with Q Device for China launch!
Love the Kenzie & Gennaro stuff. Plus, Mystic River and Shutter Islands are great reads, too.
and priorities are skewed right now
this is what we're bringing this is the world that we're creating. and it doesn't exist without all of us
Ima be mad as hell if the don't try to extend Him & Monta & we'll have 1 of the best backcourts in da game
Wow, I'm sad... Wish I wouldn't have to leave the crew. I'll miss you guys terribly!
no minimums, it can depend on the method of printing. you can email me at with details with details
mine were the same. Enjoy urs, guy who reads twonk tweets.
Didn't head out. Have a great deck for cooking on the grill so did some lamb and veggies and watched the boats & sunset.
Lol. Today I was in class jammin to Al Green, Marvin Gaye, Anita Baker, Patti Labelle.
sounds like pre-draft misdirection. Enough to generate trade discussions and/or keep teams away from taking who they want.
I. NEED. DRINKS. and
what the hell took Doritos so long to come up with taco shells it's
My mom just told me I am going to be a stripper one day.
Praise the Lord for you and your friend. We have standard teaching guides but personalize the lessons to fit our kids!
Stressed and overwhelmed :/ sigh. I hate feeling like this.
gonna update my style haha dress more nice looking
Am honored to have been invited to join the Combat Wounded Vets Challenge Expedition Team. Diving w/crew in FL Keys, July'12.
Listening to talk to her new camera as we top off the gas tank in Stanfield, Oregon.
God is doing great things in my life!
Yeah big shocker here ": Well, I thought they should have charged him w/1st deg murder & let a jury decide.
One week left to register for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament!
Gotta a really cool show announcement soon! Stay tuned ;)
The Day After Mothers Day & iAlready Regret What iDid For Her Smh
Unlike #walker ..Barret is a man. He knows how to work! He is pragmatically efficient; that's very Good Work!
. says social media marketing is extension of PR
Tonight's Special: BBQ Burger - 1/2 Ground Sirloin and Andouille Sausage, Fried Onions, Provalone, & BBQ Sauce. Wimps need not apply.
got it!! Hooray. did a soft reboot & forced eject. :) hooray for smartphone w/ web access. LOL. :) thanks man!
no just gnr in general
Still have no interest in sports media this week. Ugh. And why did #HellOnWheels season 1 have to end the same day as the Packers season?!
hey, been trying to catch up to you
Why am I watching the Dog Whisperer and I don't own a dog....haha
Not worried about the irrelevant.
Sure did enjoy your #qr15 session. You provided some great ideas! I esp. liked the social properties page.
Born to bleed. Fighting to succeed. Built to endure what this world throws at me.
Let it be known that I dislike wireless keyboards/mice. I'd much rather deal w/cords than sit down to work & my keyboard/mouse not function.
I was excited when my paper for American Modernism was recommended to a Gender Studies panel, but I'm more excited that it was accepted!
inverse jet lag
an absolute shame. Is world on a fast track to Idiocracy or what?
Sorry that filtering isn't available right now - is there a specific category we can help you search through?
Trending: #GrandTheftAutoMemories : I read this as #GrandTheftAutoMimesis. Different content entirely.
UK played Duke, Ohio State and Kentucky...who did Syracuse play early? #dobetterinoutofconferencescheduling!
submitted two requests for a major bug, need urgent help, please. Page posts not showing in news feed.
Just glad to know one of the Best 50 Antique Bloggers!
Joinj us tomorrow night when Svedka Vodka joins us with the Svedka Photo Booth 6-8pm. Try some great Svedka drinks for $3.
we love u! Keep rockin' and we'll see u on a bike again soon! Love, your family cc:
Gn tweeps, I have to fill out more paper work in the morning I can't wait 2 get my apartment (:
thanks, much love SVP. Appreciate the banter.
Gonna be a good run tonight! Breakin' legs and takin' names at this show.
Always a relief to send off an article, especially on Labor Day! This one's on San Diego's YachtFest, Sept. 17-20 on Shelter Island.
RT : Swing over for a pint and some ! We love Saturdays!
spike jonze still does music videos?
The hardness of butter is directly proportional to the softness of the bread.
Northeast Ohio.
East Chicago?
I'm not following. My statement about it defying 3D space was reaching, though. Bottom line is, it's very hard to put into words.
Yea! Books ordered for my class, Syllabus 1/2 done, guest speakers lining up & class now listed for registration!
#SometimesIGetsickof always hearing your voicemail, I wish you would just answer.
I'm working on it. How dare you question me.
i just enrolled into the spiritual growth lesson looking forward to the next twenty days of change for and in me!
I almost cried.
happy 090909 only once every 100 years
My hair's one color finally
Welcome back from spring break, UWC! What are you looking forward to teaching this week?
#SpriteSlamDunk was straight TRASH.
Best part of my day: : Newest addition to the #foodie world. my friends Meet "Reagan Sloane Greenberg"
"Merging Reading Apps with Graphic Organizers and Common Core"by is one of 60+ breakout sessions at
wait, so are you back?
Watching some Seinfeld. Good stuff.
It's not Coats it's Colts! It's not Crown it's Crayon. It's not Jewry it's Jewelry.
I miss you! Can we drink on your back porch and catch up soon?
yall lost to temple they some ass
we only drink the pear nectar
a reinvented throwbacks are dangerous!
My brother is so stupid! He thinks twitter is pointless cuz ur sharing yur info. He doesnt have one so he wudnt know
bushes aren't in style?
Happy 3 monther to my amazing girlfriend !!!!!!!!!!
I get #thatminiheartattackwhen I see the boy that I told I liked him after a year. Awkward stares, and tension always fills the air.
Thanks for recent RTs and mentions!
Its raining in Mississippi is it raining in your State too. Not that Mississippi is my State I just like saying MISSISSIPPI
Spoke too soon, you just had to come and wake them up
isn't it gr8 how buckeye fans stick together. more blog links coming >RT : anything for Buckeye fans/bloggers!
Pole Vaulting
Tree pollen blows.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AND MANY BLESSINGS
Wuzzz up Boulder.
214 :) ... Was not easy but lost another lb this week. This is the lowest my weight has been for over a decade.
glad i ain't see that shit lol but you can tell eric don't really try and care for dorian because he don't show dorian attenti
: say creepy things. can see thia all on his excessive monitor
#ndpl most pressing concerns for me after opening session: long-term sustainability of an ongoing #dpla initiative and community engagement
you getting old
Started to REM sleep and the smoke alarm battery starts beeping. I'll sleep when I'm dead..
The highways of Success have few Passengers. The highways to failures are always jammed packed by those heading for failures.
Lets chill and kick it tonight got a couple cases hmu
My mom is special because she loves her Lord, husband, and children in every way. "Practically Perfect" Dolly. Happy Mother's Day.
Wake up with 20 new texts...find out they're all from Twitter.
These guys are praying Cousins beats out RGIII... smh
And I believe that the best buy in public health today must be a combination of regular physical exercise and a healthy diet
...as we used to say: "Sally, take me home, tie me up, and make me write bad checks." ;-))
IDK Y celebrities complain a/b paparazzi they're getting awesome family albums! #SilverLining I think so, one of thousands
After experiencing Dan Wheeler, I'm not going to get too mad about the game. But Acta over manages like a champ sometimes.
Christmas is almost here, did you get the one you love something to smell awesome ?? visit our site for all the newest fragrances @ best $$$
When you align consciously to your place within the Universal Grid you will experience a new level of intuition.
yes mam what do u have in mind
why hello twitter. im sad. i have nothing to do and i miss my mac. darn it for being broken.
helloTiffany how are you doing today? my nane is Bobby
SHUT UP
Just talked to on facebook! :)
One's philosophy is not best expressed in words; it is expressed in the choices one makes. ~ Eleanor Roosevelt
Just got my eardrums busted at the Whiskey Dammnn!
try a day OTHER than the one marked on the calendar.
It'd be cooler if the sidewalk lit up.
thanks for the k+
4 hot freestyles in an hour. we gon get it in
Being single and proud of it is one of the best ways a girl can prove her independence.
u ain't never lied Quest Love!
always will! Got a lot of pride in them Beavers! Plus not too often I run into a Beavs fan in Alaska
Feeling all sorts of good vibes after that workshop. Thanks so much to all the funny and talented chicks and specifically to !
what's your email address?
Bring Back Ringer 6
Emergency rooms are my favorite
Anybody want 10k shares of a company that produces nothing, sells nothing, and charges nothing for their services?
Everyone was born an original, don't die a copy...
Billy from Brownsville with the amazing doll collection is here -- we wish he lived closer...
Amazing insights from about managing risk in social media for big orgs.
Thank the lord for another blessed day! Time to go study my craft! Acting all day! Think I have tartuffe down! Ready. Set. Go!
I'm committed to bldg IA Conn. Acad as a highly successful school for students - caps or no caps!
You have a heart shapped pool?
I used the LinkedIn share button that I added to the thank you page, which sends visitors back to the ePaper's landing page
I will.
When a girl agrees to go to a dance with a boy 4 weeks earlier and then 4 weeks later gets a boyfriend. k
Thanks for reading! :)
I look so stupid right now
Zelda all the way!
Welcome to my colleague Melanie Booth who has just joined Twitter! Melanie is incredibly thoughtful about social media and higher ed!
I didn't even hear anything, I'm just not a dumb fuck.
"Make sure your IP is patented" - Jani Byrne, IBM at
AH! I know where you are! Coming down now!
To do something worthwhile requires you to focus. Focus is mostly about the things you are NOT doing. Stop doing things--focus gets easier.
Lifted. Crampy. Curled up with erry the pillow pet missing my other half. Goodnight.
we agree! #SM = great way to build a brand with a startup budget
now that's what I like to hear! Good work!
Nice!! Have you been in before?
Tired and it's past 2 a.m. over here understandable anyways goodnight twatter xD I loge you all
Gonna start a youtube channel probably. I have no idea how to use youtube though...maybe i can be the next RWJ. Doubt it lol.
I wish I had
Hi ! Thanks for following!
This isnt healthy,its so dark out rn
that sounds like PERFECT weather! E!
Ewwww.... She Bald Head
Thanks a bunch man! :)
I want a bob again now that my hair is growing smh
Baby J & at Coors Light Tejano Spring Fest 2012 at St Jude Catholic Church - W Commerce & Gen McMullen! $6 adults and 12-under Free
no, i'm so stupid! lmao whatever i tried emailing her but she never responded. i'm just gonna talk to her after class
I'm right with you there chief. Hate mardi gras crowds!
No peeve if your trying to stay in Car limit of Tweets! In communications we learn Do they no what u mean?
LIKE KATHY BATES WITH THE SLEDGEHAMMER IN THAT MOVIE
"He leads me beside the still waters" for the purpose of "restoring my soul." (Ps. 23) We need to do what it takes - to care for our souls.
Is there video? RT : This has been a lucky Friday the 13th. Many happy dances done in my office today!
so wrong and so right all at the same time
There are two types of Chipotle employees, ones that scoop big and ones that are dead to me.
No food = No happiness lol
Thanks to our new followers! , , and
Hey i noticed that to that we have the same last name thats so cool
The radio played Nsync's "I want you back" on the way to work this morning.. Love it
I wish To Kill A Mockingbird was on Netflix.
where and when? I would love to go see them.
Glad to hear! (And what a good looking group!)
Donvan asks: "why are coaches making millions". Green says people should make what the market bears.
#BestThingsAboutBeingSingle No one steals my cocaine
Anyone want to tell me who it was on Omegle?
That'd be good for the Pac12. I'm hoping CBB can avoid Kentucky landing 5 NBA players every year.
Fortnight at Bernard's
I'm real sorry for all the cat pictures
If u need dancers, models or artist hmu
It's beautiful, Amber! When is your wedding?
Thanks for the follow; I'm honored to connect with you. Plus, I think ipage rocks!
I'm going to hold myself hostage in Qdoba eating yummy food while writing. Feel free to join me if you're hungry/miss my face.
please text me back
I have no idea what their problem is. I log into the admin and it says the Site is fine. I put a ticket in.
1 rule for mens manicures: have your nails buffed. No clear nail polish
Your welcome
Seven Ways to Create a Fiercely Loyal Nonprofit Community ...
There's a clock.. It passes curfew...
Don't be weird. You're being weird.
Aye #Voxer is kind of ok guess I'll keep it
Ahh well...i was busy getting that paper main, I can afford it at regular price #Ballin! Lol
If your draft would have made an A, what grade is there for the polished final paper? :)))))) Some students blow my mind.
That Paul got you tripping, shorty looks like Rupaul's Dragstrip
HOW CAN I GIVE IT 2 U 2DAY
Dear I triple dog dare u to listen to Kiss Me while looking at the Monchele kiss pics.I just did & I'm NOT OKAY!
It should have been parking!! Family feud question for at #Brewers #OnDeck other off field jobs at #millerpark? Good game!!
Tonight, some are celebrating God killing Egyptian kids. That's messed up.
RT : You have to believe in yourself when no one else does- that makes you a winner right there. -Venus Williams
Did you ever think Austin's love quotes, songs and everything were about his Mahomies, not Taylor?
House not selling? We lease and buy houses, any area, any price!
LOVE LOVE LOVE both of them :D xoxogno
is watching the black and gold playing while sporting my new black and gold jewelry collection. Check out the new photos
Uncle Floyd, what sushi places do you know of that are open late? And don't say Pachinko Parlor. That place is balls. Thnx!
You get people to save very well but invest sub-optimally. Index funds outperform all actively-managed funds over the long-term.
Tonight feels like one of those nights when you just want to enjoy a great beer and sit by the fireplace. We have that all covered. Join us!
yeaa yeaa lol and i guess we could make it :) where at?
NFL Season Starts This week!! Fantasy Football Time!
They help but don't read to me.
I'm excited , I'm upset , I'm happy , I'm scared , I'm worried ,but mostly I'M BORED -_-
I want to know what love is!!!!!
Hey thanks! Enjoy it :)
But when I'm done crying I'm done with this who are u
Playing in West Hollywood at the famous Whisky a Go Go a week from Friday! If you live in the area, be sure to come check my band out! 9/23
#primaryschoolmemories first crushes :p
"Ew..Robert P. Looks more uglier now"
Thank you for including as one of your favorite things! Merry Christmas!
Classic! Is there a Lego food court on the first floor as well?
"you can be addicted to a certain kind of sadness."
Fire burns First National Bank in Altavista
your mom has a sweet bank roll though :p
"R.I.P STEVE JOBS! U where an ICON in this World, & we thank U for your amazing Breakthrough in Computer Technology since the 80's!"
I am pretty sure you can o this through the full site. I recall blocking Mafia Wars, Farmville, etc
thank you!
come to my house im bored
Finished WONDER and am so full of that big-hearted book. Love that WONDER!
Thanks for lunch! If you brought the Sabich sandwich to Mobile, I would come by all the time. It's my favorite!
You might end up needing a course of antibiotics.
I don't get it. I thought there was already a Spiderman movie? #wtf?
Will be talking books tomorrow at 11am on with chapter and Kevin Griffith -- tune in or stream!
umm do u have a FB fan page? jus making sure cuz sum1made fan page of u and asked for a nick name? is that u?
not really. More like, I don't like the fans tweeting the boys nasty comments and such.
In Harbor Club waiting room, 3 of us all on phones or kindles, Brewers game on...what did people do before these things, talk to each other?
Sometimes things are much more simpler, than they are complicated and others are complicated because we fail to see simplicity in execution
everytime i step out of the damn bed someone telling to stay in bed wtf !
i just followed TheBieberPeru can you DM justin bieber ?
You did brill. Even though you didn't win I'm still going to support you. Come to your concerts, buy your songs etc....
It is so sad. It is such a good program and students really love it.
doubt that!
Who do I talk to for that?
AND THIS MORNING, right before I opened the library, one flew in the window, RIGHT AT ME.
If you aren't willing to run off the cliff, you'll never fly.
good morning
Tis better for them to think you don't know what's up when you do, instead of them to think you do when you really don't.
Don't Stop the Music! via
Most times, I can't stand by family. They have brought me more pain and grief than anyone else.
WHO ARE YOU
And now its nearly impossible to get tickets without paying a Kajillion bucks, and we went for like 80. I feel so blessed!
Yes I have a flyer version of the tournament. email me at udbowling.com and I will send it to you. Thanks so much!
o.O you called me baby?
no he got a bat man hairline it aint as bad as gerald henderson
it's all good. Just figured you'd want to know before something funny came up
After yrs of being nice 2 idiots & taking them step/by/step holding their adult baby hands; showing them their stupidity, they perpetuate it
His boyfriend couldn't get a boner RT : Really disappointing -___-
Where the hell is my life going?
All Day EveryDay !
You too Sheri!!
Cantwell gets in team fight with La Salle, both are disqualified from playoffs. Verb is IN as the 4th place team.call durk
Happy Birthday to My favorite Cousin.. Wish I was there to help you enjoy your day Love you cousin
FEELS GOOD 2 KNOW THAT I HAVE BEEN PART OF #MYWORLDTOUR !! <U+2665> I LOVE YOU THANKS SO MUCH <U+2665> Follow me please . #NEVERSAYNEVER ILY
The small part of ignorance that we arrange and classify we give the name of knowledge.—Ambrose Bierce
#nowlistening to the one that got away! <3 ;)
Wisdom has two parts: having a lot to say, and knowing when not to say it.
Are u feeling good <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Hey How u Dewwin?? && Yes I do.. He's Always on my mind.. =D
lol in return??
We are getting ready to do a big Summer Camp mailing!Want us to send a post card to your studio? Send us a message with the address!
Wow - just heard about Josh Hamilton's night. Wow.
I always joke I have the bladder of a pregnant woman.
#BearDown RT : With the 245th pick, the Browns select Arizona CB Trevin Wade
Jealous of people having afternoon mojitos.
live your dreams! !! Hey Brah Congrats on the movie gig!
RT :Great seeing at the event 2day!
Watching great football.
I was support to go to bed four hours ago,I've been up watching old x factor auditions. Great.
#LSCON education trains us to find 1 homogenous solution, but where do we teach creativity?
After the AP mock exam, today already feels productive.
Thank you!
Make a different in someone life.
Finished 10th out of 155 players.
11. Pregame... | Start new job Monday / Brewer outing on Tuesday! / expectations high.
I'm at the picnic table, orange shirt - someone claimed it though! RT : where you at? I want the
hey thx! Are galleys out yet?
Tx for ur RT about this morning's #DesignBizChat 10 am ET - all abt Collaboration-how 2 create it, dos/don'ts, benefits/downsides
Fishin with the crew.
RT : woo hoo! got accepted to attend in June. Looking forward to interesting sessions and good conversations.
Man, what's up with Baylor this year? All of a sudden they're winning in all sports. Its a sign of the apocalypse?
Damn you. Beer sounds so rewarding right now. Trade show?
Twitter DEAD < Instagram LIVE ...
Going to mow my lawn... I really need to hire a service.
nigga dnt follow me on twitter...dnt follow me to the shop...to the katt williams show...or to church...nigga
WHAT ARE YOU DOING GET BACK TO WORK! -Kevin Hart
#3WordsForYou Don't compare me
Can't get enough #football? Watch your favorite players in the #ProBowl and treat yourself to our Pick 2 for $10 menu at #Fridays!
So is ready to rock, let’s get some!
License to sleep my face off - GRANTED. I just said that aloud in my "movie trailer dude" voice.
is (re)learning Java and the Android API.
to have a taste test, I need at least two ;)
All of the members of Crosby, Stills, Nash, and Young. Bob Mould (Husker Du and Sugar).
That was just um how can I say it...... DUMMMBBBBBBB
We live in interesting times
Penn St is taking heat by everyone on #Twitter. No comment today from JoePa? Will definitely make matters worse
Nominated for a Young Artist Award for Tommy in HOP Do the Fight Thing. Going to LA Sat for the awards.
Sorry wrong email
We've never been, either. Come Friday if you come, though -- that's when we're speaking.
#BlueRock was shooting 2 shoots this Weekend. No matter the time we will get the job done.
send me one in a package and make sure to put breathing holes in the box 4 em haha and a big pink polka dot bow! :) thx
Finished up the last VCE event in PA. Thanks to all for showing up. Eat dinner at home, tuck the kids in and then off to the airport.
The weekend needs to hurry up!
Sometimes you have to watch your dreams slip out of your fingers and into someone else's hands. Guess it's time for a new dream...
styluses ARE lame. Try finger painting 101.
unless youre an art history major no one gives a fuck...basically theyre just trying to screw the people that dont care
It does a body good... Haha!
Seriously Fangirling read them! Ah! Using skriisrn g spent. No words!!!
Starting on my hw so tomm. I can possibly go somewhere
It's a beautiful night in Jersey City.
Brown has 10 Ks against a tough Mayo lineup
I know! Hence, I'm really glad you are talking!! =D wish I could be there.
Welcome, Hormonella and thanks for the follow back! X
Music tonight from singer-songwriter Kaylee Losawyer!
DA News Conference at today at 11 re: spice and bath salts. A Dr. will be on hand to answer Qs. Media credential required.
Calling back a surprise actress for the role of RIVR in #Knock. -JO
We carry major brands of furniture, appliances and electronics, including Whirlpool, Ashley Furniture, Dell, Sony, LG and so much more!
Can anyone recommend an iPhone armband for running? I'm tryin to get my fitness on.
PSYCHO T PSYCHO CHEST BUMP
What do you do when something can't possibly be any more awesome? You light it on fire and watch it burn.
LOL!! how do you guys do it.
Broses. Ride and stuff tonight?
Wait, are you saying this dynasty league has IDPs?
yeah, they can come like that. I make the V Necks lol.
Were u close to Casey as Paris was, sorry 4 the lost.
Congratulations to all the 2012 Graduates.
I LOVE ABITA BEER! Had it at Mardi Gras a few years ago..
The passing of #MCA has got me finally listening to the new #BeastieBoys album. Really great stuff MCA & Co!
Today is my sister's prom! I'm meeting her in hour to watch her get hair & makeup. I'm so excited for her! :)
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED
Heading to Shreveport to help judge student presentations. Always inspired by those working hard to get into advertising.
Hey, Lady! It goes well. Work is keeping me busy. Loving the weather today! How are you?
just downloaded :)
CANT WAIT TO GRADUATE !!!!
ok cool! Makes more sense when you sing it. Appreciate that! Awesome job on The Late Show brotha man
i dont got one yet but when i have one ill follow
5 minutes away from Americas Now. Meet Cuba's 90 year prima ballerina, Mennonites in Brazil and a special literacy program in Haiti.
Good morning! Working on BBTOP-2, BELT-3, UNIT-2, DAB-4 and more revisions!
Being single is awesome yet depressing all at the same time
Yummy tastings happening NOW at ! He's previewing his new lunch menu! Stop by for free tastings!
A Beautiful Mind easily just made my top 5 list.
Ah , just what I needed , A strawberry shake <3 :)
New bootcamp: members of the network will be offering a "What's Your Game Plan?" workshop at #THATCamp Games!
It's nearly (((JAZZ CAMP)) time! Have you signed your kid up for a summer of FUN??? www.nmjazz.org
Just Shut The F*CK UP...Just your #RWNJ base is buyin' your #LIES! Now, about That #JohnDoe... :O
in other injury news, i know Amare has to be playing through some crazy pain with those stitches. everybody clowned him but he's doin it
followed me!!! please... :D
-|~+!_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
The Beatles <3
I keep trying to go take a nap, but get distracted with contests, youtube videos and articles.... darn you internets!
I kno I can make any nigga fall in love wit me lol bet money. Jus by bein the realest <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> as I shudd
Squamous cell carcinoma is a form of lung cancer that begins in?
Who's all watching tonight's fight on FOX? Any predictions? I'm predicting win for for Cain...
: For law enforcement, consumer protection & personal freedom, let's markup #HR2366, the bipartisan Online #Poker Act please!
you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right you were right.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - 2
I never get tired of listening to Man Overboard's album Real Talk.
I found unconditional love....my new granddaughter, Rielle Marie
“ Think I mite wear shorts 4 graduation”
...and I thought I was the only one who hated these awful jerseys.
Getting very excited for the Monument Lighting! Come by the Owl Bar & 13th Floor before or after to warm up and enjoy a bevy!
Correct Answer: International Amphitheatre #Trivia starts at 6pm.
With him <3
night tweeters and wat tf is twitter jail
trying to get sponsorship info ....
yes! I'm posting a few covers on YouTube soon when I get a channel!
baby come on.
All big cities are self-conscious and demanding of our attention; they need us in order to figure out what they should be, just as we ne ...
Chispa Marketing is one of the sponsors for The Women’s Success Summit V. Do you want your business to be a sponsor?...
I don't even usually listen to Maroon 5, but Payphone is like SO RIDICULOUSLY GOOD. It's been in my head non-stop.
no thanks ;)
Oh how the good times were when people could just put thoughts feeling and ideas on here.
I like how you've been working on your grammar but you can't use punctuation in hashtags haha
Perfect for Friday's Opening M's Game - wonder how many tweets he'll get Just tweet Kevin Zelko for your beer order
Got my tix to the #DCADDYS. So excited!
Rob Wilson is on twitter, get at him
My morning commute isn't complete if I don't hear both Goyte and Fun at least once. Bonus points for Foster The People.
Get educated RIGHT NOW on how Energy Deregulation in making people RICH. Looking to help 10 ppl make 6Figures in a yr 1-646-397-9817
Hey Nashville friends:) I have a show tonight at hotel indigo 9 pm! Free! Would love to see you!:)
1:06:29 of while doing homework. I'll love this CD forever.
“Saying 'no' even before someone finishes their question.”
I'll pass that on. Hope ur mum has a great one too!
Protesters streaming to Capitol for fourth Saturday of protests. Backups at parking garages near Square.
Yes, she can definitely be fickle... I've definitely been there as well.
i know and they're on tv how do they not care that all of america knows they're prosititues??
NSAC: What I do know is that I have a positive test in front of me. I don't know if Overeem's team has given a persuasive presentation.
Won't be around much for the next week. I'm heading to Turkey tomorrow morning.
I love being out of state with my team!
i miss you danni (:
Teague is nice.
should invite me to his 18th birthday party.
the things that run through my mind
It's a beautiful day for the first day of Farmers Market!
Our Valentine's Menu will be on our website later today. Fabulous flavors with fresh fruit and beautiful designs. Already taking orders.
Okay im sleepy , goodnight. <U+274C><U+2B55><U+274C><U+2B55>
Still, no one is as good as Mr Griffin
Fuck You, Pay Me!
I’m done being sad over you. I have enough stress without you adding to it and I won’t let you be the reason for my tears.
Impossible doesn't exist.
Austin has a sexy radio voice. <3
Wanna send a last S/O to all the mother's in the world. I truely hope all u ladies had a wonderful day, u deserved every second of it.
I got respect for both teams, but I gotta go with the
Greatness. RT Michael Jordan's flu game (1997 NBA Finals Game 5): 38 points, 7 rebounds, 5 assists, 3 steals, W
Glad you remembered you had them. cc
I like how you've been tweeting back, but haven't answered my text messages. Too many forms of communication.
As soon as possible. I'm bored. I haven't had much weed.
McDonalds-->School-->Home
Who is responsible when the "active park assist" hits something? The car maker? I wouldn't be, THE CAR DID IT!
Wondering why you didn't get a response. Then realizing you never sent the text.
Still cannot believe it. Cripe!
Same to you, ladies! Enjoy your day!
Unfortunately, internet authority is from having one of the top two slots on Google. A reputable brand isn't enough.
is it different from regular twitter? Whyy do I still not understand twitter!!! Lol ugh fml
Need to jump start a health kick? Try our Tomato Vesper & Mr. McGregor's Garden - made with muddled heirloom radish!
not lying lol
Bored and tired
Since You Only Live Once , use your life the right way and be YOU and no one else:) God gave you life and he can take it back too.
Classical music develops EVERY human capacity: from most physical (technique) to highest intellect/spiritual challenges!
SWEET pic! Thanks for sharing!
6 more wks of this weather? Done! : A terrifying shadow = 6 more wks of winter!...We haven’t even had winter yet.
Why am I so addicted to Call me Maybe. .____.
We learned that economic growth and environmental protection can and should go hand in hand.
I love
The problem with people is they wish they didn't have problems and when they meet someone who's blessed they think they don't have problems!
#nwill2011 - usability testing opens our eyes to the user experience
Kobe's shot >>
What's up prophyte?! Just trying to make it mayne!
Really interesting look into the world of "preppers" from in today's Buffalo News.
good luck in whatever it is
The one number you need for all your business telecoms requirements: 0844 880 2010
where's the queen of Okc?
: yea yea
Hello how all is well
Artists! Win 2 tickets to the WPA Gala! Best tweet on “Why I love WPA” before Friday noon wins! Use #wpadc to show us what you got!
thanks for whooping me
I may be as skinny as you want me to be but hey it's my life not yours. Focus on your own shit. K thanks.
Not exactly a shock given Abrom.'s history. Let the naming games begin.
hahahah that'd be awesome. Lush has cute little soaps and such <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Want to get fit?? Boxers are among the most conditioned athletes in the world.
it was a pleasure meeting you tonight!
My mouth will eithr cause me my funeral or bring forth life. Life and death IS in the power if the tongue.
If I ever fall in love.
Crying doesn't indicate that you're weak. Sometimes, it just means that you've been strong for too long.
ti all my #Seahawks.. good job on second straight win.. 12th got you guys..
dang!!!! Lol shoot I'm getting skinny! Not fast enough tho help a ninja out!
Miss you too!! I do miss VYT. I don't miss tech week, however.
We have officially broke our record for the # of site visits in a day, again. Second time this month. Thanks #BBN!
Sugar Shane had 2 give up his 3 Title Belts in the divorce settlement along w/ half of the AMX Points? what the heezy?!?!?!
to become diamond at sc2 (and to become masters if i achieve that) jk. why so deepious.
Home from work and first thing I see are the missed FTs and loss from the Heat. I HATE EVERYBODY
The American dream is NOT a handout!
hung ill beat everybody he battled except dinnininon...even Hitman. AND....the nigga had CRAZY performances. Goods takes L's
“: i'm in need of some stress relief MAJOR. would this be a good option?!” <
Thanks bar staff for the lesson in fernet and vermouth.
I'm out of things to do at work. Awesome.
At any time in space you may come across bags of astronaut urine, feces, waste. Jettisoned maybe 50 years ago.
I'll have what ur having!!!!!! You da man!!
it also brought your occupy friends out of McPherson square to come protest us.
i got to go amanda see ya tomorow ok.bye
When you see a teacher in the students bathroom.
Got there & he was maje awkward. Prob partly me too. Gist of it: let him remain flirtless. I had a good time conversing w other fun gents.
this is so clearly SOULMATES! How is that not obvious? ;)
"in reality its you that i really want ,but sadly he's the one i need "
Read it with an open mind lol
rugby time with
Join us for This is Not a Book Club on Feb. 21st at 4pm at the Main Library. Activities for ages 8-11. Pre-register online or at 282-4607.
The ViSalus Body by Vi Challenge has helped thousands of people achieve their personal health and fitness goals.
RT COME ON BULLS
"Don't put off living to next week, next month, next year or next decade. The only time you're ever living is in this moment."
and when you talk, everybody stops, 'cause they know you know just what to say yeahh
Active Care is proud to announce our new #weight-loss program. Find us today or call us 847.749.076 to set up an appointment!
And it's obnoxious how we believe the world does - or should - run on either Eastern or Pacific time.
oh I thought it was a fancy Naples film reference I didn't get. Good to know I'm not the only one thinking about food.
Porter Robinson tonight Hmu for guest list! You won't want to miss this!
Arguably the best to wear it. RT : I hope its not, but If what I heard is true, SC needs to retire #55 forever.
You mean like: "Accounts and descriptions may not be distributed without the express written permission of Major League Baseball." ?
Kicking my morning coffee habit for the next few weeks...Already yawned about 794 times.
My short story EVP is being published in a literary magazine. Progress!
You know it's going to be super cold tonight, and it's only going to get worse...just saying, who doesn't like to be warm???
Who shall get pushed?!
Hungry? Follow us for some great deals on great bites throughout the congress center this week.
Whether to count RTs depends on your purpose. RTs and the choice of which to RT is still an expression of sorts.
How is your tour been going for you.I hope it is going great and i wish you the best.your amazayn and dont for get it
National TV love for 49ers and Raiders in 2012-13 NFL season
you just jinxed yourself. Light rain coming your way, but emphasis on LIGHT. Especially compared to yesterday!
Thanks for the info! Have a great day!
double OT ugh
that was fun! thanks to Nancy Coplin and for having me at the ABIA. now off to pack for NM tour!
I'm such a nerd!!
yay! Yes and we are footie fans! (real Madrid :p)
Love the pics! Did you actually take them?
It's that time of the week again...swing dance! We will see you at 8 tonight!
#Katia, where she's going and why the East Coast could see a repeat wp.me/PBNDC-PU
For someone who dresses like a ragamuffin, I spend an inordinate amount of time dress shopping.
I'm thinkin' lately I can't have relationships ;cos lately they're not making any sense...
It was good to see you at the game bro
Mayor: "no cuts from local funds to homeless services." Without replacing fed $, many will be homeless.
I turned spell check off so I'm most likely spelling everything wrong. Oh well, oh well.
I truly wish people would grow the fuck up and help take care of their children.
Remember in the morning.? lol.!
thing in 2009, but Jose Molina started for AJ Burnett in Game 2 and 5 of the ALCS. Girardi needs an attitude check. Don't yell at the media
aww you mean the 14 y/o's dominating the popular page wasn't enough?
Niall is obsessed with Barack Obama. He knows everything about him.
Discover Human Rights in the lower grandstand - test your knowledge and win a prize!
I'm so blessed to have my Babygirl. I know she loves me unconditionally!
Awesome! Go get 'em!
Marc Anthony on repeat!!
another day in life of 1-person biz owner: why can't shipping depmt get 100% orders right, not 99%, or 97%, are there any out there that do?
Ky. death toll from tornadoes rises to 19; more than 35 dead nationwide
thank you! The mini will rebroadcast tomorrow night in place of Sportslocker. Did you run??
great! Do you live there?
This season has been thoroughly enjoyable. Thanks to I got to see all the shows. Can't wait for next season!
Hi Jenn. Thanks for the follow. Nice to have someone in the industry in my Twitter stream!
Doing work.
Shit don't ever turn out right ..
you know I don't do that
L'Shanah Tovah to all our friends celebrating Rosh Hashanah. Many years to all of you.
ugh! beter have your ipod charged!
im so scared, that now everytime my cat looks into space, i feel like its there.
Thank you, & for the RT's! :) Much obliged!
Walking behind the "ghetto Indians"
Okay, okay! I dedicate it to Berni and her hair! lol
": <U+2752>Single <U+2752>Taken v Dick too big, might kill somebody."
I'm there, where will it be held?
Whenever I see your name I can't help but smile
#HowAboutWe drink until we die? :o
Looking forward to my first seminar of the year tonight upstairs at
I vow to smash dis shit!!!
Today is one of the first Saturdays that actually feels like one.
driving me crazy lol
Just a reminder to join us at the golf show March 9th-11th. Come by and say hi and see what's new for 2012!
Thanks and have a great day!
Good point! But I hate unformatted / unchanged Tweets on FB :(
remember driving for 2hrs looking for a hotel in PA? Same thing today!!! Natural Gas instead of Harleys though
Hahaha ... I wish y'all could see Barack right now!!! He is HAMMERED!!!!! No, he's not a light-weight, he's just been drinking since 3 p.m!!
Enjoying my DVR... "Go back to when is trying to open the car door." lmao
which beach? I'm in NC too
Praise baby Jesus for this day of Friday. Bring on the weekend aka my sleep coma.
I haven't received email notifications since April 28. All of my notifications settings are on ("checked") Pls troubleshoot-Thanks
How many of you Mahomies are gonna be seeing under your Christmas tree this year?! (;
Will I see you at Jobtini event today? I just called Citrus Restaurant. A lady told me this event is cancelled. ;(
if I know what warter was..
Nice picks, got Wooster over Witt though. Other than that same.
thank you :]
"It ain't none of yo friends business..."
thanks for joining us, happy to have you aboard!
We have the highest quality healthcare on the planet, if you're rich enough to pay for it. No Money? Tuff luck sucka
What did the pimp say to the blond girl with 2 black eyes??????
Whats the Brewers in game text the booth number?
Hanging out with good people leads to good things. Thank you for the porch time
Most of us spend our lives as if we had another one in the bank. - Ben Irwin
everyone is goid & sleep. Kuds are ready for Easter. How us yours
Heard a rumor Mallick was jealous Hellman directed doppelgangers of himself and Kubrick, but not Mallick. Any truth?
Whatever women do they must do twice as well as men to be thought half as good. Luckily, this is not difficult.~Charlotte Whitton
Going to a 1D concert this year for sure.
Obviously he should hire me to tweet for him.
I had a mini heart attack when I saw Austin's new pictures<U+2665>
Where do you find inspiration for your tattoos?
It's okay! We will protect you!
Now Adele is dead? can I have Super Bowl tickets? I've lost my grandmother and my favorite pop star in a week!
My brother's dog just ate my senior high school year book.
I just want to make huge pit of fire in my backyard and throw people in it.
Vip at this and billionaire boys party.. Sweet
worst migraine today for me too, must be the copious amounts of coffee+sun=dehydration
Philly is just so beautiful today!
I'm going back to sleep, good night losers <3
u have ur best birthday yet, and of course many more to come. Bless ur Family
good point.
the witch??? wtf did she say
Extremely proud of my wife for her brilliant interpretation of Mozart's Sinfonia Concertante tonight.
Awesome! Excited to see you there :D
Boyz over everything
why doesnt anyone believe he did NOTHING! show some support for him.. this is where HIS beliebers come in. #lovelovelove<3
do raquel suck?
unions raise all wages ... Take your Koch-funded bullsh*t elsewhere
good luck! anything we can do to help?
The most dangerous leadership myth is that leaders are born. That's nonsense. Leaders are made rather than born.
Here I am writing a report but feeling End-of-Fridayish when my friends invite me to the intriguingly named 'Goosetown Tavern' ... (log out)
Dave Matthews seriously makes my day.
I'm here so I'll see you soon!
we're cute.
naps are never bad
Timbers come back from down a goal to win for 1st time
Happy Late Bday! Hope you got some email addresses!
gud look s/o
oh no why
I read my 22-year-old daughter the tale of Andros Andros at www.exalley.com. She wanted the link.I shared it....Now I'm quaking in my boots
Hearing boyfriend on the radio outside and running downstairs and into the backyard like your life depends on it
what it does homie
why is there a crisis in greece at exactly the same time my parents vacay there? *spooky*
I need to change my user name to Oh Miss!
“: your dumb” you're*
I believe the interior is just fine for GM if you wanna be massaged go to a spa or buy a rolls royce
Vince Young signs with Buffalo
Law am jigsaw an
A civilian Sheriff who is NOT a cop is committed to public safety/smart law enforcement, not only to old boys' special interest groups.
happy earth day! getting my free coffee at theBuck
sorry I never called Saturday! I was in bed before 12.
look at my instagram!
I am so sorry dude! Put my foot in my mouth again trying to be funny :-(
I hate all of you
: edle you don't even knowww
Move your brightest/most energetic stds around the classroom to provide a catalytic effect for their classmates - a bit of rubbing off.
i know haha
Scene from outside ABCD in Bed-Stuy. Parents are gearing up to confront DOE on school's possible closing at meeting tonight.
RT : It's the National Day on Writing - share #whyiwrite with - or, , at the Writing Center...
I appreciate art and know plenty of artists, but don't sell or buy art. Mostly don't buy due to lack of funds. :-/
Running scared is on such a great movie
got the NEW "MAX WEBER: COLLECTED METHODOLOGICAL WRITINGS" WOO!!!!!! so psyched! ok I feel better now
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world..
Why does everything love related now a days seem so depressing.......... i guess it's cause they don't have tumblr in their lives...
I usually like to use the couch or the carpet as my napkin
Very grateful for the follow back from They're a life-long inspiration.
So i thought it would be sweet every TREND ME
also, something trying to be folk art in that way he attempts to, cannot be folk art. Folk art just is-there is no try.
Jus got off work. Gotta go get my laptop. Do laundry. Go grocery shopping. Cook. Clean my room. & do my homework.. this is too much!!!!!!
Why are they saying CSU is the top university in Cleveland? Tell them they're wrong. Come on, Tom, tell 'em!!
They just want to mess around and forget bout peeps but I'm more than that. I aint that easy.
I will be sharing tools & resources from The History Lab at #NCSS12. Looking forward to seeing everyone in Seattle.
Tonight - Temptation Thursday with DJ's AI & J-Roc - Lotus Nightclub | ABQ's Best Danceclub
that's fantastic! It means a lot to hear that :)
off to london tomorrow for a week.
At the airport right now feeling super tired...
Recently featured: Nothing to My Name – Robert Peake the elder – Canadian heraldry
": In love with 's tweets to right now." Ya jack luv meh
I'm hoping that Humber is enjoying this newly-founded media attention
I know many people really liked him -: Terry, that story is sad, bizarre & hard to understand-Dr. Greenspan was my Dr!
Lmao RT : if you're a girl and don't have one pic with at least 50 likes on instagram you ugly lmao
Chest pain so bad had to go to the doctors but so busy had to leave to open my store.
Girls who always write lovey-dovey things on their boyfriends' Facebook walls are like cats that piss on everything.
Says he was going to hit guys as hard as possible anyway so bounties didn't matter. It's still wrong Darren c'mon
Policy is often driven by the power of a good story. But there's also data. And farmers need to be equal partners. David Wallinga
“: Walking to chas's house half dressed >.<”as you would say "YOLO" lol
Happy Friday!
Life is so sweet make, the most of it and don't worry about the rest of it ~
Happy National Tourism Week!!! I've been in this industry for 22 years in some aspect or another and love it!
well shoot! Lol ;) how's Sunday look?
ask Jimmy about Janice Joplin
When I 'm with you, it's like nothing else in the world matters :) I get butterflies just thinking about you babe:)<U+2665>
have a profound day!
I'm still laughing. :oD
WELL UMMA TRY
My 9yo: "If there was a Barbie that looked just like her, I would buy it and play with it every day!" URSO beautiful & tlnted
HOLY MOTHER SWEETCHEEKS KSMSJXIIEBSBXJODBSBSBJD MOTHA OF SJXJHSVSHXJSICJDIS! THE BOYS SHARING OUR AIR IN ONE WEEK AGAIN!!!!!
Dave from on today from 11-noon! Let's hear what they're bring to this show June 2nd!
Mom:"Aww your so cute. Whatcha doing? Wanna go outside?" Me:"Mom, the dog can't understand you"...
double you tee eff?
Loaded Slate is filming a promotional video today at 1:30. Show up for shoot and Enjoy 1/2 off food and drinks from 2pm til shoot ends.
Thanks! Want to buy an enormous bedroom set???? And a bunch of high-quality IKEA furniture?
what a great hour! Thank you!
Congrats to new #CBJ head coach #ToddRichards (great last name btw)
Will Batman blow it out of the water?
can we take a two point shot no need to keep shooting 3..but I still have faith we will win! go #cuse!
sometimes... It depends on what is... Usually my tweets aren't all that profound at all.
Indeed :) RT : . An excellent group there.
I LOVE YOU!!! AND I'M COMING TO SEE YOU THURSDAY!!!
lol. I shop at Walmart! haha!
RT “: "If you can dream it, you can do it." - Walt Disney -”
People give up on love because they expect it to be easy and perfect love is hard it hurts but its all worth it when u find the right person
Gonna do black nails 2day :) a little tiger design on my ring fingers. Black toe nails.
SURF Report: 5/11/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 63°F
i got way to many blues for anymore bad news.
gosh, doesn't that just push all of your wrong buttons?
I can’t live without you baby<U+2665> oh wait! I forgot! You’re not oxygen!
What software do you use to keep manage information you find online? Looking for a few good suggestions to explore.
Just clipped an entire web page to #Evernote. , you rule.
Shouts out to for following me and
I wonder where #KimboSlice is at right now?
I was patrolling a Pachinko-Nude noodle model parlor in the Nefarious zone
Me: oh lord, Sydney, you kill me. Sydney: You're not dead.. Haha love that little girl! :)
Duck and cover!
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Cheney worked his whole life so that only the rich could afford the type of surgery we paid for him to get. Should come out of his pocket.
Nice point.....Where is it from? Off hand it looks like an Eared Yadkin......
Lead the way on this one
while texting! Sounds safe
#FF thx4following & have a #green weekend!
yeaa I'm down
Interesting decor and good food at reasonable price! Where 917 Cathedral St Baltimore in Mt.Vernon
“ RT & FAV so I could follow you”
Oops! My bad! Have an awesome day Nia!
Thanks Charles
At a fancy resturant & looking like a bum. YOLO .___.
it better be! They are slowly but surely losing me. Bring on Emily!
at #tedxsoma. playing some douché Chris Anderson video (accent b/c we're at PariSoMa)
wow thats mean.
The human alone is endowed with the subtle-intellect which can contemplate and penetrate into the unknown Reality...
Tomorrow will be better.
Goodies makes the boys jump on it.!
Uh oh. He may be reading what we all wrote in his card.
I was thinking more like 2am or 3am lol. One of those legendary games that you tell your kids about. Oh well...
Crazy weekend approaching--show, shoot, and rehearsals for another show...
I guess I should still display proper "Twitter Etiquette" and thank you for the mention ;)
I know! If you are ever looking for help tasting in Cleveland, I'd be happy to volunteer :-)
This little guy needs lots of love to fight cancer at 3 months old #ff -->
He is a part of such a great all around offense, makes it easier on McCoy playing with Vick...definitely awesome though!
All the n64 games. All of them.
say "slick" one more time
RT : heading back to the city.. Where you coming from.
You guys. I think we all know that the way to #StopSOPA is Mark Wahlberg.
I MISS YOU TO. COME BACK TO ME MEOW! NOBODY UNDERSTANDS THE CRISTINA SIGN HERE!
I have so much to tell you !!!!!!! My feet hurt and I'm hungry, but I'm having for brunch :)
Eddie Johnson traded from Montreal to Seattle for Neagle and Fucito.
Hello Albuquerque and World. We are open for Auctions Business. We look forward to tweeting about what we have to offer. Come see us!
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. ~ Martin Luther King, Jr.
I laid up for hours in a daze
<3 you manage to sound educated and vulgar at the same time :) click follow it'll make me happy
Why are you #lying to sell books and #Marilyn media?? More #exploitation for a piece of the pie. It's been done!
Met Shane from today. How many people would like to see them play 's benefit show in october?
KC Star headline: How many NFL deaths can fans take? I'd guess quite a few. Many upset today will be on the couch on Sundays this fall.
Cannot. Fucking. Believe what is happening in the UK. Arrests instead of free speech and now Geert Wilders banned. It just gets worse daily
#Wine Word of the Week: Foxy-distinctive taste of the grapes & wine of some American vines especially Vitis labrusca and some of its hybrids
Where in the world is Carmen San Diego
I miss the way we used to be , when we d talk for 5 hours every night , I miss the way we hugged & kissed , I miss us , in general .. </3 /:
“: oh but there is and its name is Durantula!” the most swag of any other Jeremy Lin can hop off
right now?
": I just lost tic tac toe to a 7 year old . Twice . Lol wtf" just say you let him win, then its not that bad lol
FANTABULOSO TONIGHT! I feel like I'm gonna have a baby. let's git 'er done!
me and elle wanna know why every person who walks in starbucks is weird looking or dressed stupid. Lol
where did you guys get your shirts?
. Sad to see you go. You'll now be living in a tepid world of Theo Epstein twitter pretenders who aren't half the fake man I am.
Measured my hair again, 31 inches.
Thanks for the followers everyboddyyy!!!
would like to wish everyone a WONDERFUL HOLIDAY!!!
I am the biggest idiot
they are the best!
Agreed. Isn't harmless fun and laughs the real reason we're here anyways?
#sschat, love it for project based learning. It also works great to have students compare sources and develop the ability to evaluate.
Buck loves Patton. Has much more confidence in him than I do, or than the numbers indicate.
What will you do once that baby Jesus inside of you is ready to become visible to the world? Push #through the pain or abort the promise...?
Due to holidays overseas, Studio Visit Fall Edition, arrival has been delayed until late November / Early December.
Being at #weightwatchers all day makes me excited to be alive! Loving my job is prob the greatest gift karma could've granted me!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY GIRL!
Wonder who the Mavs are going to be blame for their failures now...
Yup that was weird... RT Did Harrington just kiss Penny Marshall? Wth
I need to go get that Nike tank top asap
Excited to see the new changes to TNA when you reveal them and your decisions as General Manager! Can I get a re-tweet?
omg - I am so hungry!! Thats what I get for exercising
check out my blogs at fishandthesauce.blogspot.com
Heard a rumor that could be the next bachelor... AWESOME. Never thought I would say, "I cant wait for The Bachelor to start!"
Today is just one of those days were everything and everyone pisses me of -____-
So glad I skated ALL day
Attendees: please log into your accounts and indicate shirt size & food prefs by the end of day on Monday 1/9. See you all in two weeks!
Thank you for walking into my life. You have really inspired me and 140 characters can not explain enough love i have for u!<3
I'm available!
Bring your sketchbook, camera or journal tomorrow at noon to #anhkc event A Day in the Art of…. An event to help rediscover and explore KC
For production inquiries:
#YouKnowWhatsAnnoying; The fact that you aren't texting me right now..
I couldn't imagine any other world without a perfect God!
I wonder how many games have copied Tetris?
how sweet. Will do! Thanks!
Follow me and I will follow you back!! I love my body and dick!!:)
i'm here wit lexi being bored and a noobie at twitter??????
you're so pretty!!
Glee can you not make a perfect couple that makes me want to cry, because that stuff only happens on TV..
If you know someone is already taken, please respect their relationship. Don't be the reason they end up single.
There ain't nothing soft about my game.
Who can help me find a job
"She no longer needs you. And in her eyes you see nothing - no sign of love behind the tears cried for no one." ::the beatles::for no one::
I want my shirt so you know where my advice goes haha
You around thru next week? Would be great to catch up. you must meet our social lead on site:
The coolest episode of House is on
so much for being thoughtful
ugh...Pinterest off the bat...i'm going to get something to drink..
i was about 2 say
Do I CARE??
Against all odds the evil overlord Sarki has been vanquished by...the Fravengers!
Sucks for the ap worlders lol
Richard Branson you have not achieved success at success at success. You can do so much better.
The challenge is learning to become aware of your gut instincts, and then to trust them. What are some gut decisions you've made?
umm idk when do you get out of school :)
Really looking forward to sharing the stage with Rees Finley and Alex Pachino at Tommy's Place next Saturday! 3/24
No problem we always follow back we just haven't been on this account we usually use our personal (:
Wed 6/22 Mark Towns Solo #Latin #Jazz #Guitar @ Tasting Room 7-10pm
Yay, more frequent flyer miles. Boo, more flights.
Folks support Democrats on the issues - just don't believe we have delivered. GOP work to see Govt fail - if it worked, they would be sunk
Drink specials sound great! Go Bucky - Buck Furled!
Got a 28 (out of 30) on my Handgun Safety Certificate test.
keep feeding him. Lol. Hes gonna be huge.
Nigga soundin stupid ass hell. I simply got up & walked away from his dumb ass.
I'm becoming obsessed with hand sanitizer.
Unforch, no. You having fun?
Apparently, moon pies are the next dessert sensation. Death to the cupcake.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A8> Before Meagan Good, Raven Symone used to be my favorite RT : Raven Symone is a lesbian. cool
Nothing says TGIF better than our The Peppermint Chocolate Chip Milkshake!
Prom is so stressful:(
Got the same thing. Make sure to mail the envelope back so he has to pay postage.
Saw five people I know while driving this morning. Morning after prom walks of shame?
LOL I'm the only one you like.
I endorse this tweet RT: Y'all!
yea I said they would start getting nervous.. Tevez is back!!! Lol
Paul Canton on thee possible answers to this problem: Scientific Ontology, Set Theory, and Wittgenstein.
Hey! This is You! for so many people! Catalyst - a person or thing that precipitates an event or change
I used to. That's now. :) RT : Doesnt she tweet under as well as ?
Just read your profile completely, sounds so peaceful and good, then . . . assassin?
That moment when someone calls you and their like Im going to come find you and beat you up and your sitting there thinking are they stupid?
uh huh
done we will do something soon!
you've had a long day when the seasoned drag queen w/harsh rouge & runny mascara gives you a sister we're in the struggle look. <3d her!
I will follow bak
wow.. just watched episode 1 of brave new voices. not sure how I missed this last year. can't wait - dvd in sept - it's already netflixed
Goodnight everyone!
Watching Johnny guitar with Joan crawford!!!!! Amazing western where women are the cowboys!!!
so what do think by my last dm ??
dh=using new tools to pass on love of traditional materials
ONE-LINER: The sooner you fall behind, the more time you'll have to catch up.
Last year an attendee said, “I found my perspective on ebooks adjusted.” Get your adjustment on 10/12/11. www.ebook-summit.com
RT : reach for GREATNESS today!!!!! or fall for FAILURE !! (via )
Up to you. Both about the same.
Hahahah - “: PIggy and Kermit arriving on the carpet! Longest-lasting relationship in Hollywood! #eredcarpet”
Whatever happened to western stories? Does no one write them anymore? The shelf at the bookstore is so small.
Foot massage on the beach... I'm in Heaven!
No worries there, I will.
Happy New years to you Ben J. From your biggest fan, Antoine. Got your Cds and love your music! I will do anything to meet you
Exactly where I want to be.
its 3:22 where i live
agreed. That has to happen.
Can't wait for the power shower
I've been there man, trust me. My best advice is: baby steps.
same issues we had the year before Capers ?? Strange.
cutaway idea. Put Seth Macfarlane in a episode. Have him make fun of the idea that some people think he is gay! I would laugh!
Shamrock Stumble is 58 Days Away!!!.......Get to Zen Den Saturday night for my last night there. Cheers
Cru De Gra spots are filling up quickly, don't be left out!
lol yea I would say that would be smart haha
That awkward moment when everyone is talking about their skills and talents and I'm like, "I can breathe."
Saran rapping dozens of toilets and cars tonight. I wonder how many people are gonna pee on the floor and wanna kill us.
welp thats up to the sens or the rangers... honestly looks like the sens might win the series but idk if they can kock out philly
WeLoveRianDawson because he is an awesome drummer!
already at home and I get a message of my best friend natalie :c I miss that girl so so much I need a hug :c
Food tastes so much better when its someone else's :d
RT " #NHL with a great schedule. One game today and you play it at 12:30. Fucking lame." try 930am west coast
Off to Las Vegas for the next few days!
They have a solid leader in Mike Holmgren and I'm still a little hopeful for Colt McCoy.
The "COLLAB MIXTAPE" Is complete.Any other songs that will be added to the cd will be included as bonus tracks from #TEAMVIP . . . .
Did you find anyone occupying that were not homeless?
Finally found packaging,now I'm working on revision3 for front, back, and sides. So much fun to use my creativity & develop a brand
Off to NY till Tuesday. No poker till then :(
has the best seat in the game
Brian Wilson= weird beard
yeah I haven't talked to u in awhile. What's up?
is going off lol
#SANDERSSUNDAY love it(:
no tim
yeah but at this point, you'd be blind to have not heard of it if you've been on your twitter or FB in the past 2 days
You know that you can turn it off right?
Also can purchase wifi separately in individual rooms, also about $10 per day.
And Frank means a hot-dog and Frankie is a guy's name.
and you said I never have time to talk to you lol
Congrats on winning the 2011 NAVSA grad student paper prize!
really doe 5 rings 2nd all time in points and da best laker eva which is da best team of all time
Since I don't what I'm doing today
I did it! I voted!
Free like you make me <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
Good to see that the Westword has no idea what they're talking about regarding arcade games.
Gotcha! ": nf can I get a follow back"
grey haired (or head?)
Congress announces that Pennsylvania raise another battalion of soldiers from the back country.
hahaha! Thank you so much!!
The Year Of Fear is on its last weekend come see if you will survive we open at 7pm!!
My Paw Is THe Bird Man, Im Rich As A White Man
RT“ Somebody horny on my tl.......”
When a red hot man meets a white hot lady, Hoop diddy diddy - Hoop diddy do!
haha I bet u laughed
Congrats on the house. Long, tiring road, but I know you'll make it worthwhile in the end.
Happy Third Birthday to our beautiful princess Mandy Elizabeth!!! We love you so much and are ready to party with you!!! Have the BEST DAY …
Have a great time!
game with
Sun isn't even shining but feeling bright and cheery today... And it's only going to get better! <U+E04A><U+E418>
Has a close game going on in fantasy football.. Brady is gonna light it up tonight!
Miss you girl! :)
Think his elbow surgery was successful?
do they make a VST plugin to filter that out? ;)
Desigual shops are everywhere and fun to look at. Zara and Mango too. Wish the US had Zara Home: things are pretty and affordable.
happy almost birthday :))
Visit www.virtualclassroomsosftware.com for more information on online classroom software.
Just have to drink a LOT of water lol. How's life on the south side? Keeping busy?
Buy Heroes of Newerth. If you want an MMO try out RIFT. It's only 20 bucks on sale. Tell Requiem to buy HoN too :D
Going to try and post a video of us playing an acoustic song so you can get a taste of what we have to offer ;]
I'm so glad someone asked the biz model question.
I wanna see the video. Maybe NASCAR needs to get academy awards :)
Did u mean 2 say i did dishes? Or did u do ur dishes? RT coach_mooshu: Cooked a hot meal (yes, did dishes too:-), #BurgMYT 7
Have a good day big fella, show those twits how you can tweet!
Yes! I'm so sorry. Crazy busy lately. I'm around more next week. I'll call or drop by next week!
He seemed so in love with her.. I was bummed when they split.
Come to tonight at 5PM-8PM for 's Thirsty Thursday! Food, drinks, & live music, what more could you ask for?
Airport bound,hoping for a no screaming flight
Bout to go dumb tonight
I have to check that out and get back to you
We are all here for a spell; get all the good laughs you can
Aww TYSM can hardly wait to do it again next weekend :) #HappySUNday RT it was an honor have you here today!
Hi Mia, Thanks for following us. Have a great Sunday!
great bachelor party! Thank you guys!
I'm going to take back some of those things I've said about Bollig
so by that logic, I should freak out every time it doesn't rain in FL?
Need Programmers 4 #Iceland : Network,, Graphics, Core Technical Director, Sr Generalists and more
hey how the weather up there?
hahaha yes! That's the only thing I'm looking forward to about college.
#uCantBeToughAndSay that you're a Justin Bieber fan.
so, how is it?
is killing it on Leno!
WAKE UP IN THE MORNING FEELING LIKE.....going back to sleep.
I love waking up looking I got punched in thr eye :(
I'm gonna get back on twitter soon everybody! Been pretty busy but I WILL BE BACK!
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. John Quincy Adams
If you had done anything positive for America in the past year, today would have been a good day to showcase it.
Lol shouts to the money mike shrug
well #Robin- its just u haven't met some1 with the same qualities, pure of heart and fuckn great! *as u put it*
Tonight Started out beautiful :))) Ended up FAIL -__-
if u gonna go to the military at all go to the air force lol
I'm excited for tomorrow.
but ya know. christian symbolism always gets me.
They need to get there shit together... ": Choosing a new pair of shoes over paying a bill #Basic"
My bestie loves her<<<<<
#What2ChainzWouldSay Im 2Chains, you greasy. Ya pubic hairs too peasy. My paper stacked, too cheasy. I beat yo bitch, CHRIS BREEZYY!
oh yeah! time zones! Im cray!
Tomorrow is huge!!!
It's Jazz Fest time! Not going to the Fest, but I always love this time of year. Great spirit in the city, everyone seems happy
"If you build it, they will come".....very true.
What's happening How's it going?
"Don't come at people saying 'Do you believe in climate change? ...Start talking about their life & interaction w/the natural world."
So excited to go out salsa dancing with the girls tonight!
Sorry for the delay, but our CoverItLive blog is back up and running
JUST LEFT TALKING TO #UPTOWN ANGELA SHE SHOWING ME MAD LUV.... #NEW ORLEANS SAINTS STRIVE FOR GREATNESS (ANTHEM)... #NOW ON ITUNES
The 10/11 Season is quickly approaching. Do you have your season subscription yet?
Never forget to have PROTEIN after workouts to build/repair tissues damaged by exercise!
I love your tweets. Soso much
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers, even though you are, sadly, not as good as mine, I applaud you for your efforts!
#FF Runners Good Morning to all of my fellow human tweeters! :D
thks for that. tough rd for Capt Courier but I like usa this wknd in MC. Please show me some love and gimme a follow.
Black Republicans The Black White Supremist GRP-(Hermain Cain, Allen West), Uncle Toms GRP-(Michael Steele,Ron Christie, Joseph P. Watkins)
If I had a helmet, I'd wear it, too. I busted my butt in the mid-Dec. storm, and I'm in no mood to do it again. Walk carefully!
photo shoot pictures won't be up until we choose one(: and we actually are recording a whole new album for specific reasons..
Decisions decisions.
Can we all make a pact not to make food products unnaturally green for St. Pats Day? Green ketchup should only exist in a Dr. Suess book.
Congrat! To all the Grammy Winners.
RT “: Thought For The Day "When stupidity is considered patriotism, it is unsafe to be intelligent." (Isaac Asimov)”
Pool day!!
Loving the #free birthday gift. The Fresh Sugar Lip Treatment makes my manly lips feel luscious. Thanks you!
we're not allowed to have a community bulletin board. gov-sanctioned programs only.
This guy reps OSU but loves the Fab 5? Yet another reason Lebron will never be Ohio or understand what Ohio is..screw Michigan!!
Dumb hungry what to eat mane that is the question ?
wow that actually kinda hurts Ms. Bobeah
Joseph smith
curb is LOL :)
because my camera is the shit and looks better on camera and I can look back on it too my weight is variable
they'll make noise when they move their stuff though lol
Congrats 2 all the winners of your chapbook contest but you are breaking my heart! Im Anita Baker, giving u the best I got
then ask politely. if the answer is no, then move on- she's not your type.
Nothing compares to the simple pleasure of a bike ride. ~John F. Kennedy
damn it. I love Salvage Vangaurd! Fucking hell...I am seeing HUM tonight.
gimmyyy!!! And come visit too :)
#kids Les Miserables, School Edition at Plano Children's Theatre, Sat, May 19 2:15p: Les Mis is a story of love and loss set against...
M! Too bad I'm in Michigan! Boo Hoo!
your less than 30 minutes away from today's Baltbuster & your shot at Kelly Clarkson/Fray tickets at 7:35!!
I shall attempt to start homework now.
my 90 yr old Grandmother just told me I look worn out. I Love her honesty! They say sleep brings you beauty and longevity, I'm so screwed!
We have a new server ready - vpn-in82 Dynamic IP pptp/l2tp/sstp server in New York. It's available in your customer area now.
If you dont want me to cross the line then dont draw one.
That is if you're watching it in a movie theater
Facebook campus: 10 buildings, but only 5 in use. Must be nice.
.... And one more person<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Pain don't last forever unless you Go To Hell...
At my mom's toniight and she's watching American Idol. Gotta say DAMN that Joshua Ledet can sing!!!
Would really like to make it back to Florida tonight.
#YouNotUglyBut that sound u make when u open your mouth .......... No
"How does he get girls? Simple, because girls like him. Same way I'm sure you snagged some guy."
my swimsuit showed more than that lol
just did
Well that was a pretty strange/cool movie.
Over the next 4 days I will be watching basketball nothing else. #NP long Beach St. vs New Mexico. Feeling an upset
Just hit me I am 21!!!!
#Support_Us Purchase Our Singles On iTunes
The hood raise me but life changed me
the BradStache will be offering rides later at the Governors Ball
Thanks to everyone who reached out to us about A Good Day to Die. Put us in touch with your local library and they can order a copy from us.
Can someone explain me what's happening with fb?! :O
then maybe you should change my name
#clubtrilbook "Titus: From a Zero to a Hero, and the Trillions Who Loved Him"
Troops: In your arsenal for tomorrow night, do NOT forget non-perishable food donations for
thanks for the follownack sexy cub
She was giving me 'fuck me' looks and I was giving her 'fuck you' looks.
How was everyone's weekend? Did anyone check out any awesome music this weekend?
Its the only way to go. RT : Shots already 0_o
Happy New Year jazz fans. The Bad Plus will kick-off 2012 with four nights at the Bistro starting tomorrow!
you got me there. my friend got a mold that is suppose to make them look like crayons but they look like something else
Damn what a play! #Loviste ?
I'm with you
I Feel today will be a great day:-))
oh lol my bad
Impressions starting with "I'm so and so" should be a clear indicator you're not good at impressions.
haha I am pretty sure we have those all the time!!!
Smart man + smart woman = Romance. Smart man + dumb woman = Affair. Dumb man + smart woman = Marriage. Dumb man + dumb woman = Pregnancy.
Do you believe in fate? <3
Are you guys at the MSDE OER conference today?
Guitar lessons here :-) What's up with the paint brush? painting your house?
RT : Its better to be prepared for an opportunity & not have one than to have an opportunity & not be prepared Whitney Young Jr
we're on now if you want to call in - I'll DM you the number! :)
Today's special relationship word is GENTLE
And A Good morning to you all !
Wiggle me diggles bitch
yeah I miss the games too! And losing this team is like a death in the family and I'm not saying that lightly!
You cut your hair!
haha I'll have to make my brussels sprouts for u all sometime. Chlo - I think they'll convert u!
'' When i'm out the country niggas call me ne-kke , hello it's nice to meet me '' Like'd that line for some reason , lol
So much art this weekend!! What are ya'll making sure to hit?
I know they should give us the opportunity to decide who is going to decide the fate of the singers.
I can only choose one?!
Totally concur. But, to beat Oregon, WVa, Alabama, Arkansas, & Georgia, among others, outpaces OSU. BTW, I'm NOT an LSU fan.
Drunk anf its not even 10!
It was great meeting you guys tonight. Thank you so much for making that video with me.
:( my bruses from dance and cheer are ugly.
you are mad hatin' on your bro lol
Well, you were the inspiration for the episode; It was bound to be good. :P
"The pres painted a scary vision of #America 2day" -- #LauraIngraham....sometimes the truth is scary lady!
Hey guys follow our personals
I'm a bk fan and a Denny fan
I know right I live 5 min away and have never made it before. Went with the sho yu chicken.
Helped teach my advisor the definition of "pregame" this afternoon.
If the whole world smoked a joint at the same time, there would be world peace of two hours.
Albany, New York to Ft. Myers, Florida via bus
tired finally its friday :D 3 days of school felt like forever ><
it's a guy
That good as game
hey , "you look good, where you headed?" still dyyyinnnggg.
thanks so much!
ah yeah? I'm in brip won't be back for like an hour
thanks for the follow.
Jessica Dubroff~ This started off as a father-daughter adventure and its gotten wonderfully out of hand...Im going to fly till I die.
RT : This Saturday The Party Is At Tara Temple in Arlington, Va for bday..
AMY POEHLER FOR QUEEN OF THE UNIVERSE.
Will do, when I get to that point! Thanks again!
I must not let this beautiful world just pass me by when I want to see and not just drive. Crashing--is it worth it?
oh do tell;)
-or- as my wife would do when headed to the Rose Bowl, simply buy new things in L.A..
i'm so lame good god
s/0 ...still tweeting the real grown folk stuff..
Did you know that your environment impacts your success? - read more at www.southfloridaalerts.com!
Lol I know
S/O to fam in the house tonite , ,
Someone come save me from this deathly boredom.
Sana, please, tell me something I don't know..! ;DD<3
Such a beautiful day in Vegas! I have a feeling it's going to be a good one!
Lol RT : Just beat the shit out of my brother with my shoe. Gave me a heart attack... -__-
I'm mad oomf never tests back no ______ for you !.
I wish there was a lame button...not a dislike button but a lame button...
People say interesting things and say them in interesting ways; provides a nearly endless source of raw material. Halsey Burgund.
How about CollectiveAccess? More specifically, how about CollectiveAccess for moving image collections? Discuss.
I like you better when you're on my turf. You don't act like the person you're not when you're on my soil. I can talk to you easier.
Kings sweep!
As soon as you mentioned it, it was as though the whole blue album just loaded into my brain! Good pick-me-up!
that's what was being referred to "lad"
yo its something about The Matrix.. I know I gotta take a break.
Slight correction-We're opening a 2nd location at at Gateway Park tomorrow, not Pier Park. Sorry for the confusion! Come see us!
So I had on these Vans right?... Funny thing about 'em was that they KINDA looked like sneakers instead.
Thanks for the RTs! :)
Monday Funday? Hell yes! HIt us up tonight for some damn good drinks. Also, don't forget Trivia Night tonight at 730..
DOH!! Been there many times...usually alcohol is involved lol. Hope you're ok!
You'll never hurt again, I'll be your A.N.G.E.L. ~
Driving the kids around I hope to play some poker on UB at about 10 pm if I can. Running bad in my home game.
It's time to wake up & enjoy shopping in our open-air pavilion! Yum! Fruits & vegetables, farm fresh eggs, local beef, lamb, poultry & pork.
Last night = Scariest thing ever !
Kudos to for GOING BARE on You too ! Love you all!
age, aviability, & contact number to . Make sure to say you were referred by Andrea Lee!
Found a post-it note in my library book that says "Am I As Human As I Feel?" That's so philosophical. Shit.
Yea! 1 day until #goldrush...then more gold with #beringseagold!!! Can't wait.
can't beat ice cream!
hell yes I do!!
does that mean I will love you, I love you and I loved you?
does he/she call you Franks McFrankerton?
I possess a deep understanding of performance metrics. If you are looking for a proven, professional CFO:
ask for the skunk
then hire someone to do it personally...and at least its not a monogram you have to conduct on the chu-myster
preciate the follow can I shoot you some music in the future?
Vampire Life.... Never Sleep.... #Who Up
Remember the five simple rules to be happy: Free your heart from hatred. Free your mind from worries. Live simply. Give more. Expect less.
Hu Honua site supervisor Wes Demotta, life-long resident, is the go-to guy when neighbors are plagued by wild pigs. He's an expert trapper!
Sold out amazing show tonight. So much fun!! Thank you all for laughin with me.
what are you up to babe?
Nothing makes a great stocking stuffer than Chicken, the CFA cow calendar that is. Stop by and get yours today before we run out!!
of course :)
Thanks for following!!!!!
We'll B randomly gvng away FREE STUDIO RENTALS 2 the 1st responders 2 our post! Check bk oftn. The offer will B @ random thru out the month!
“: I believe in 2nd chances.. I just don't believe everyone deserves one.”
OUCH :D come lets go to liv. we'll talk there.
were to win this legal dispute, then approve the nomination... But I understand it's a big stretch, and quite an interesting move
Mastering the new Stumblejunk 11-song CD today. Also duplicating / full-color printing / packaging a big DVD order today as well.
Its important 2 know that u cannot eliminate the negative by focusing exclusively on the positive. Ea is part of the whole.
so Does done person from my past that I just can't get over. No matter how hard I. Try.
- Hi Cindy. I'm running for School Board in District B... find out more about my campaign here: www.rosenforschools.com
Just a drop in the ocean
I could see you winning the D League Dunk Contest! Yeah?
A ring? A fucking ring? No you never understood how much that meant me. But I know you tried.
Did Gary Washburn just get dabs from Paul Pierce? I want a high five...
all you have to say back is you love weddings?! You don't love me, your oldest big sister? (sommer's your next to oldest sister)
I need it
I am grateful to those that have helped me or my fam in any way, shape, or form. We appreciate it!
Congrats to Suzan Santosus for becoming the first female champion of The #PalmBeach #School for #Autism's
Loving the rain in Abq!
I don't understand how McDonald's can have a limit on how long paying customers can sit and eat..
Want to run? No ipod carrier? Try this week's infuriating Houston Solution: Cut a hole in your damn gym shorts.
keep pushing forward!
Yea dude were all brothers that's our role ass homies
Armed with the past and the will and a brick...
thanks! you bet there will be!
Super sleepy. Night night XO
My dad, John Bariamis' IMDB star meter is at 45K and mine has dropped to 2 million...glad one of us is still relevant!
just got email from NY Knicks for a "pre-sale" game for Syracuse/Temple. Game not until Dec. Do people really buy tix 9 mos in advance?
YOUR TURNING HEADS WHEN YOU WALK THREW THE DO-OR-OR
Thanks for the retweet :)
Fat burger is the shit!!!
Of course it starts pouring rain right before my flight! Hope my flight isnt delayed!
Thank you! I did the Nashville half in 2010 & almost lost my Christianity! Those hills were awful!!
We've seen it to an extent but I have a feeling it's just getting started.
Thanks for noticing! Your project looks awesome...just got added to our watch list :).
Im so glad I have them in my life
not really especially if the child is considered adult enough to have committed a crime
Congrats Trent! Can't wait to hear all the details and start butt-kicking for goodness this summer. Who else is on the project?
Salsa at Retro Nightclub tonight - 1518 McGee, KCMO -Ladies Night Every Wednesday! Beginner Salsa, Merengue, Bachata Lessons at 8:15pm
so far the summer's been great: getting things done, about to start The Life of Jesus, Critically Examined
are you and B double-V coming to Mar'ton this weekend?
Awesome! Tell all the bro-road-trippers to say hi when they get in. Thanks for helping spread the word in DC!
how you doing? :)
Oh yeah, I love it when MTA buses skip me for no fucking reason. On the way to the show.
Working on agreements... is it Friday night yet!
Just don't get hurt, old man. RT You ready for this coach? LOL! See you out there!!!
It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins
Until 7pm est, get all 8 Locks for only $15! Don't miss it we're 18-9 in last 27! PayPal to to order.
How many elves does it take to QA a site?
It was a great weekend getaway. Hope all is going well there.
I thoroughly appreciate you and everything that you do.
however let's bring up snow white and the ever popular little mermaid!
"Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm." Sir Winston Churchill
I bet the congressional record can tell you! That is, of course, if you can figure out how to search it on the horrible GPO website.
Anyone been to Chute in Phoenix? How is it?
Obama moving thru DC at rush hour just turned downtown into a massive jam but I honestly never tire of seeing that motorcade go by. So fun.
In the car with no js dad
How is it that you sometime somehow always end up with one of my ex's or someone I used to like?!
Nice!!! It was great today better weather tomirrow
(Andrew Carnegie) As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say. I just watch what they do.
To thank someone who nourishes your mody or mind - mine would certainly be via Body By Bethenny - THANK YOU!
I'm watching the vow by myself ?
It's always fun to work on something completely different than you're used to. Lots of online production for me today.
RT : Dear 16-year-old me...1 bad sunburn before u turn 18 doubles the chances of developing melanoma...get to know your...
Hey Maybe #sf49ers are just doing manning/smith agent a solid by allowing him to use them as leverage...
You to?
Does EVERY song have to have a rap verse these days?! Gahh
My mother is worse than a fucking 5 year old.
Officially cannot find my tripod camera mount anywhere. Made for an interesting time trying to shoot tomorrow's post one handed..
most def.haven't missed one since wrestlemania 20
we had a whole argumentover it
Kinda want to start a segment on the bl-g that responds to Pitchfork reviews that rate albums < 5.0.
Cot damn
Any usb printer should work with a dell. We don't use proprietary printer cables.
Can't wait to see you bro. By the way...45 feels cold in Chi-town! Lol..
yeah #BrianBrigade & I took a rare day off and went on a 7 hour ride out west.
Hope you have a great birthday that is just the start of a fantastic year!
ill beat yo ass
3 1/2 hour interview with Oscar. Jaws on the floor. Big thx to our Spanish speaking sound mixer & Mike G our DP
Telling people your "Broke" but at the same time wearing one thing out of every store in the Westchester mall....
9 to 5 goes hard bro, real talk
yepper...crazy. unbelievable.
I feel like I should give myself a gold star. While walking I had a flashback to the feelings I had this time last year.
Katy Perry Bikinis in Hawaii with Family & Friends on Christmas (PHOTOS) This California girl wasn ’t looking for snow on Christmas! Ka
I hear U on the busy mind :) Things R gd (still wrkn 2nite w/ the team getting ready 4 #CES). No rest 4 me yet...
This bum up in here main people mad
I'm home((: and imyyy
Jon Gruden likes this pick. Which pick? Every single pick made tonight.
good luck with the test:)
your fucken pictures are annoying stop !
RT There might be a Party tonight w/ Hit me up for guest list before its to late!!!
sounds good dude
Glad to have you on the trip.
All men think there Mr right until they have to comment to it then the true nigga comes through
ridicule is well deserved for both of us! The ignominy of finishing below Spurs...
My twitter #Family (:
Details of a bizarre, horrific "fetal abduction" in Milwaukee -- tonight on after the game.
we'll be back for Bospop in June
Fred Armisen, you've been looking for that used Sex Pistols record for, what? 7 or 8 years now? Buy something or get out of the store.
thanks for dealing w/ my noodling on sweatpants, alabama, & early experiments w/ spearmint! (tangentially related to hepworth...)
Most definitely.
Fuck You. . . Gonna Go Skate Now
they are just watching the conversation, coding it and collecting the money. I
Stop being so stupid.. it's my turn.
what u hear about our game tonight son??
“Between stimulus and response man has the freedom to choose. “ Frankl
70% of people believe they’ve experienced an unexplained paranormal event, which again proves my theory: 70% of people are morons.
yes, i am required to watch an episode of the simpsons for class. i know you're jealous.
Each day comes bearing its own gifts. Untie the ribbons.
when i wanna watch lol its gonna be awesome cant wait
Trey said hes riding with vega. I just wanted to make that point clear.
good call. i also added c3p0 and r2d2 :)
'How do you make a book look like it's dying?' -Chip Kidd
KBPS.TV is now ready to interview show host for our 24/7 talk radio launch. Contact John @
Hahaha yea, my Step Dad was in the room and got a good laugh!
No I didn't stay for it I saw them around & saw them when I was leaving as well.
I would like to see something in red to bring out your eyes. Second choice is the green.
Back to the routine
Brown wins!!! Welcome to Washington...let's all watch what happens now.
Save your boos for NYC teams!
Pacers yelling "and one" after every shot. I don't think it's working, guys.
Mental note: don't go to 'Ruby's' for dinner on Tuesday nights.
If you want me to see your tweets you have to unblock me!
Thank you Karyna! :)
73 °F (23 °C) going up to 90ºF (32ºC) today in Spring TX
Whoa “: Vernon Davis younger bro Michael Davis (19) has been arrested for attacking numerous people w/ a hammer in DC, killing 1”
wondering how you're enjoying Green Bay & Lambeau so far. You been to Packer HOF yet? Some nice things there (four of 'em)
Tomorrow always expect a miracle - itsjustme
“Reasonable people work for the #dreamers.” — Darnell Self
“A mother is a person who seeing there are only 4 pieces of pie for 5 people, promptly announces she never did care for pie.” T. Jordan
Miss you !! xo
The fake Packers tickets are highly sophisticated; officials stressing that fans know who they are buying from
Something just don't feel right..
Like free stuff? Then signup for our #beta, we've got #giveaways coming soon for new users who are #Spotting on our map!...
How do you think people in Congo get around?
hi twitter world. I wish everyone the Best 2012 Year Ever! ~~ May you live long and prosper
#iLookforwardto hugging my grandmother
Getting excited for AASL in Minneapolis!
#inappropriatefuneralsongs END OF THE ROAD by boyz II men
RT : I hate when people start a statement with "first of all" and then never give you a second point.
What is everyone doing today to celebrate #EarthDay2012 ?
"Be Strong" - A phrase that's easy to say but so hard to do when you're broken.
#improv tonight at RT: It's First Fridays. It's May 4th. We hope the Fourth is with you all tonight.
....going to NYC....can you pls share some suggestions on where to stay?
#PlusOne Archerville Cartel "No Handouts" on the Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
Have a great weekend everyone.
Students are also required to write a rebuttal. Weird...
RT : “Our senses don't deceive us: our judgment does” ~ Goethe #quote RT
Adorable! I think I have a twitcrush. RT i've had too much rum to tweet coprrectly. dag, yo!
Christmas Eve with the Collins and Adamson families. I have to say, in my completely unbiased opinion, my niece is the cutest baby ever.
ha what was so funny? nuggets?
it's like Steve Harvey FUCKING Kim kardashian
Lol RT Does this count as a kill for Lebron James after that big bucket?
It took a week for me to process, but wow! Bret McKenzie won an Oscar.
Generating a pdf using data rows from excel and an image as the ...
": Same people you gossip with be the same ones spreading rumors about you"glad u know
thx! glad you like it!
I love cheese
RT: i would date him(:
"Joshua could you do me a solid and.." "NO!"
- best outcome, #TeamUSA beats CAN, then Czech goes on to win it all... take your jeers and set it on fire again...
I'm in DC :-) what you up2RT : sis what is happening.
If I had known you weren't gonna let me change the screensavers...
Great class today! Twelve more shelter trained volunteers!
It's a beautiful day to start tweeting...
smokin'! love that style.
Tired of admins saying class size doesn't matter according to "research"- what research, who funded, what design, what questions asked.
LINCOLN HIGH IN SAN JOSE. JUST SAYIN:)
So you didn't see the pic we posted on Sunday either?
Playing north Carolina tonight at the tipsy teapot in greenville so excited we hardly ever get to play nc !!!!
you aint thick, bitch you just fat
Wise words from leader Dr. Walter Bumphus as our Q&A commences
Mothers day shopping
If you are at #uwm you should follow
If you follow us, I'll DM you!
it's alright D;
is gearing up for a busy month! Auditions, a public reading, and a fundraiser! Stay tuned for updates!
Thanks for visiting us. We appreciate it. : )
Well this is dumb as hell
also, please end with a class discussion on lady gaga's You and I
Playing hide and seek with your landlord is so much fun.
I didn't mean to bother you so early this morning :)
yeah. I know right. I have the canon G10, which is ok, and I can shoot all M. But it's just not there.
your killing me): come to hanover
Shouting back right at ya from California where we see little precipitation. :D
too much white boy in him.
Energy controls the universe.
an interesting thing about having colorful hair, people talk to me everywhere i go. i no longer scare people with my bitch stare.
any recommended activities? I plan to show them the ropes + have them tweet during the class with a hashtag, but class is 1.5hrs.
The moment when your friend is talking bout someone/something and your like what the heck are you talking bout or where was I
Weather is looking so nice today. I should make the most of it but I'm glued to Twitter and Tumblr right now so..
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 11
Green Juice: looks like demon vomit but tastes delicious. Still, it's 1 of the
Twitter. Tweet. Tweeter. Tweeting. Tweeted. Tweeps. Twittering. Tweets.
Watching Snapped. It's weird when you know the people involved.
Whose woods these are I think I know / but the connection with a thing is the only truth that I know of.
spring break finally!
please follow she is you biggest fan!59
no, Dr. Shin. She's awesome!
This morning I got a stroke of inspiration about my story pitch. Huzzah!
": “: People who invite themselves all the fucken time <<<<<”"
But I know I'll be a law someday, yes I hope I will- but today I am still just a Bill Lmao!!!!!
"Every situation becomes an opportunity to abandon judgment and opinions and to simply give complete attention to what is." S.C.
Some days I feel like I walked into a time wrap back to the '90s. A bit shocking
Sleepy but then I'm not lol
watch my church online with me. starts now northpointonline.tv
These guys are terrible and so is Puffy or Diddy or whoever he is this week.
People that put gum under desks are freaking nasty1 Throw it away!
Is Google + for real? I'm still on the fence
Okay, no, but seriously I'm so stressed out right now with these finals and moving out
Follow ----> she so sexy
Folgno's going to go a period without a goal? Stiff
Is your honey do list to long ? Call Mr.D's we'll help you finish all those pesky tasks before the holidays,and your house we'll look great.
not yet. free registration? If So, I'll register tomorrow.
feed me money, I could use the change in my life
I'll toss the idea around and will let you know if I come up with anything
#YankeesUniverse It's almost time!
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. ~John...
The upside of having a kid who responds to bribes is that you can bribe him into compliance. Steam shower here we come!
Cool dude. Congrats!
Welp guess I'll listen to p90x commercials on since is denying every card fan on his show!The of radio
go visit hubby quick then get bite 2 eat w friends xoxoxo
Great time tonight for screening of Patang
RR“: Nice to watch the Rockies on tv again!! #openingdayissoclose”
New years Resolution I will not use stores that have self check out if they want my business they can hire somebody!
and our engineering programs are pretty great too!
They hanging like no curfew
thanks, I appreciate the kind words.
The RedLine and the 62 will both be stopping at Capitol and 60th.
Trying to reschedule a meeting to tomorrow on iPhone came out "let's switch to Timorese."
Back from Alberta, Canada and getting all caught up with everything, but had a great week there!
At the swearing in ceremony of the DC youth Advisory Council and the Mayor's Youth Leadership institute at Sumner
I'm super late but Muse was fun!
I love warm tea <3
Sentimental Swing is #107 on Jazzweek's radio report ahead of Esperaza Spalding (#149), James Moody (#131) & Keith Jarret (#127) Yeah!!!
I Need My BigBro 2 Put A Prayer N 4 Me N My City Detroit.....
LOL. There are funny people you can follow. And news outlets. And you already know how to @ reply and hashtag, so you're golden.
I just finished watching "The Fades" on BBC. This is a true example of what quality writing and production can look like. Amazeballs.
Oh wow! why are you having to remove so many?
You are the best! Thank you!!
On a two-out double by Gastinger that stayed just fair down 3rd base line, Eastern reclaims 7-6 lead over St. X in the B4.
#MNF #49ers or #steelers? What was up w/ that power outage?!
FYI Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm is a FREE event. Live entertainment, chef demos, farmers market w/ a twist
In 2010 Texas had third highest teen birth rate in the nation, and a child poverty rate well above the rest of the U.S.
nothing really! You kno how it go! I'm Gucci tho
was anxious for his call, then couldnt believe what I was hearing
": Where in the world will you be watching the Manchester City vs Manchester United match?" Bethesda, Maryland USA
And there's probably several dozen more counting their descendants. The linguists sure have some impressive mathy cousins.
i was just kidding about that last tweet, there arn't any women at my house
Congrats 2 Gary Ow! He pitched "Hsien of the Dead" @ 15th Hollywood Pitch Festival & as a result will begin production starting March.
so cute!! nice to see him on stage at the Chance!! You guys are truly incredible. #Believeinit Safe travels
& AC say "Off the Schnide" a lot. Go #Cavs!
RT : Happy Birthday (1821) Dr. Elizabeth Blackwell, First woman awarded a medical degree in US (1849)
Can you sound in on this exchange dear ? I believe I may have spoken too hastily. And you, too,
Blackshear. MPHS gotta go for Louisville
I dont WANT to help it.. I dont want to fight it..
My Marquette in the sweet 16!
PRINTELOPE PRINTING SPECIAL! Mention Facebook on any order & get 20% off in December!
Ice Cube??
hahaha on a Tuesday?
Okayy U Want Me To Tell People To Follow You
Trying hot yoga for the 1st time today haha
i love you som much i am so proud of you !!!!!!:) follow me bck please ill be waitting!!!!!!
Gonna change my icon <U+2665>
what is a cake pop?
yea when it comes striaght out
RT“: Just saw Hugo w/ and it changed my life. #purpose”// Great movie!
yeah I'll call your home phone if things change or when I'm done
On way to the mall!
I think they are well within their rights to assume aliens enjoy Coke Zero.
: Selection Sunday?? Wats that bro??
Come on you Spurs!
shambling around the set of "Barely Living"
Check out for Neal's newest DVD releases coming soon..
Wake me up, #Coffee! I command thee!
The 2nd biggest Sporting Event in the US is NCAA MARCH MADNESS Celebrate it in Vegas we have discounted Room rates at Many Hotels
WATER POLO: Lamar, Strake Jesuit begin state tournament play
hahaha love it :)
this is great, thank you!
And the season is complete! It was fun, but I'm so glad I don't have to see any of those wackos for three months.
Hello Friday ;) now please go slow because I have so much to do!
how did you break it?
if you need a bad bitch, lemme call a few.. <U+2764>
If you find the FB page with updates on the Lynn group, would you please share that with me? My bro is one of them.
I get folks r angry Zimmerman has not been arrested, but the parents of #trayvonmartin have a tenacious legal team-let them wk the process.
What a cool kid! He looks good with a mustache!
no not yet my mom was going to buy them for my birthday
Volunteers needed to join our crew for Bike the Drive! Let ED Darcy Hofer know you're interested at !
kindle fire = ordered. Is it Nov 15th yet?
Learned a few new things today!
yes I am can't wait, hopefully I'll be there opening day, don't know tho
God Morning (: !
if #mets want chance to compete for a WC, shouldn't we really be rooting for philly in this series?
RT : Life's too easy to be so damn complicated. -Zac Brown Band
Sitting next to the most respectful, chivalrous [not to mention gorgeous] man on the plane & he's married with child!! Story of my life smh
is my dream guy(;
Thank you for joining us. Love it!
They won't be here either! lol
I'd like to manage projects AS well as tasks. Right now it's not set up for small personal projects. Give it a think...
NOW PLAYING: DREAM THEATER (PULL ME UNDER)
Dear Kevin: sleeping 10 hrs, then waking up in time to watch A's back-to-back HR, was much smarter than yesterday's plan. Signed, your body.
Happy Australia day. I just saw it trending on Twitter. :-)
it worked
Thanks for the cool poster! I'm very excited for the Sunday premier... even bought the special Newsweek issue
Wow- 2010 coming in for fast finish.
any practice tips? I practice 5-6 hours a day but no teach so just winin it teaching myself music theory tryn to understand it?
I am obsessed with u . No one gets me but u ! Lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>the world is retarded not us ! #queLePasaAlMundo!
can't wait, WZRD is something that I need
bought new lipstick from mac today. completely and absolutely in love with this color
When the fuck do tattoo parlors open around here jees louise
I have been a HUGE Power Ranger fan since I was a little girl! So I wish you the best of luck!
schedule is coming together. lots of goodies to choose from...
Hello everyone follow these great new artist they would love your support.
Only if ur bleeding. guess the dogs are finally standing up to the asian community eh o.0 jk
Kept his average reasonably high I guess. But more likely just too many other chickens to fry on that team right now.
loves his family & looks forward to spending time with them this weekend. No school, work or business deals. Just my camera & family. :)
: What?! It's true. lol
Good luck Obama
#nowplaying Bittersweet Symphony, The Verve
Fresh 2 def. .. Verbal Finesse mixtape is in the streets!!! Get Ur copy!!! Fux wit us!!!
The coffee berries turn from yellow to orange & then bright red, 6 - 8 months after flowering.
Tonight's #ActsofInheritance is a pre-show Salon Chat hosted by the Park Heights See you at 6pm!
A nigga be in da club flossin money but wont spend shit
Lots planned for today, and now that my hangover's done I can actually get started.
the runaways suit you!!
That peace-mongering son of a bitch, Ron Paul. And the nerve of all that non-violence bullshit on MLK day.
Mr. Sandoval, dry-clean my dream.
#TOPMUSIC Lily Allen is reportedly "lining up lots of music projects" following the birth of her daughter at the end of last year.
I thought the Tesla was 100k.
Gonna cover #SomethingToDanceFor by I love what the song stands for and her voice is amazing.
Lunching at laikon cafe in greektown, where they have served me a plate of beets. This is my new favorite place of all time.
I forgot I have a radio show tomorrow and now I can't sleep.
Damnit, While in a Zyrtec-stupor I sleptwalk'd and ate my yogurt & candybar last night. I'm going to have a very barebones luch today.. :O/
At #sexualcultures conference for the day! With and , awaiting 's gaga feminism keynote
Call us - we would like to host your next event.
#SM fans check us out at www.healthscapepartners.com a new idea 2 control healthcare costs 4 employers - business social media!
Sisqo, or reverse psychology?? Haha rt: don't take off all YOUR clothes!”
me me me me me!
You're MY best friend! #IDONTSHARE!!! XD
starting monday
RT PLZ! Need a 2nd chance? Know someone who does? IS THE PDX 2nd chance landlords! Call us & share this plz! : )
State Dept is now saying the "war on terror is over" surely this means the TSA will be dismantled. Doesn't it? DOESN'T IT?
thank you ! love you too !
Really Buck? You go to Kevin Gregg when the game still means something?
First time trying Persian food!!
As a father you only wanna deal with a woman with kids (2max)..lol or an older/very mature woman who understands your job as a father.
Thanks for hangin last night! Hope to see you soon :)
Good company. TY Cool peeps
SO SWEET
How about, Brendan Conway... No Gimmicks Necessary!
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure.
I've always wanted to see his Anthropophagus remake!
Taking on the land-bridge hypothesis. at
Here I am, just for you in the dark moving hands to find my way reaching for a chance and the words to say
you said if i followed thebieberbear you world get me 80 followers
I struggle to keep up with my emails, but because of my type of work, I'm probably more inundated than most.
Who we really are is always there, expressing it is what makes us powerful, wonderful, and beautiful.
TGIF. Have a great weekend everyone
“: As would say, "let me help you." *blocked*” // Hahahahahaha!
Yeah I think I just really like the format. So positive and constructive!
haha glad you enjoyed it. he was so good!!
If I hear one more thing about Trayvon Martin I'm going to kill myself. Him being shot had NOTHING to do with race #STFU jesus
Captain america! he could save my ass anyday lol
Great night at The Highlight Factory. The Hawks clinched home-court advantage and I met Mississippi native Brandy.
Lib friends, pls help! Looking for an obscure DVD, The Manns: Novel of a Century (2001), in German w/Eng subtitles. Need to buy
RIP Whitney Houston!! What is your favorite Whitney song?
Are the Jets fans yelling We want Ingram?
Be careful not to place anything hot on your marble countertops, and use ceramic or stone containers instead of metal to avoid rust stains.
good thing we didn't have the event in the courtyard!
No no no.....hope you found a nice pad.
Yo momma is so dumb she thinks Obama's stimulus package is in his pants.
just wanted to say I love you so much! please follow me!! it would mean the world to me!
follow me!!
Came home from choir to find the entire family asleep in our bed. At 6pm. Buh.
Back in LA and now heading to Phoenix for a quick work trip. Work Hard Play Hard 2011 is ON! No holding back this year. Wide Open.
I got a very interesting DNA structure & exquisite physique.
doing a four page paper for a test on your birthday < appreciating all the birthday love
was so cute at the awards with her blue slushie mouth ;p
M14Hoops Holiday Skillz Camp Starts Tomorrow!!!!
sounds good snatch <U+263A>
English AP test tommorow and this. Great.. AWESOME
Amazing how it sneaks up on you. Both my kids are in double digits now
love your blog!
Why am I short
"The fault, dear Brutus, is not in our stars, but in ourselves" makes me think of
can smell that pussy from here
Oxy Mo: Local Long Distance
woohoooo! Glad to hear it! hahahaha :D
That convo was boring.
Lovely afternoon in Harvard square with #loveboston lol
bidding on a phonograph horn.
Looking forward to a weekend of doing NOTHING (almost).
That's very kind of you to say. Thanks for sharing! :D
Ya can have Drake I have rhianna
": Alright alright alright" you gon learn today!!
Hell yeah!! Glad we got something out of it!
Happy Birthday!! Hope you enjoy it to the fullest!! Best wishes to u ;)
And you are still beautiful.
show me the fucking spinning beach ball one more time
more than 500+ that signed(: congrats
The lobby at Bankers Life Fieldhouse is packed with people lining up to take free throws to win Pacers playoff tickets from Pat McAfee.
Eminem is the best, he raps about life, his problems not weed, drugs or girls. His life in words. <U+2665>
Love of God overflow
Cramps so bad i could cry -__- fuuuuck this.
I'd be a cool ass probation officer lol
Who wants to hang out
your icon is precious. ;3
#iplspring a producer may not have a monopoly on features that give a competitive adv. due to visual appearance to consumers (aest. funct.)
yes please I miss you!
I'll wear the sundress and bring leggings. Compromise.
on a foggy chicago night, why aren't you dressed as Batman, navigating the streets? :)
I LOVE how the #T'wolves move the ball around the court.
#ThingsWeSayToThePolice, "WHAT?!?...My license is suspended!?!?
Hanging out with the awesome hangliding guys who are having a hanglide exhibit set up tomorrow in the Rio 24 theater lobby. It's huge!
so how's my voice different!? Hahah is it a bad thing? :p
lets go mets i remember that as a kid growing up in queens
I thought deposits were on the 15th? I was pleasantly surprised earlier today to see the extra MSP in my account. :)
Happy Birthday America!
Why sleep when you can sketch NYE cellophane dress designs?!
haha thats nice & oh my gosh thats so true your getting old lol(:
Pizza #Psych and my
64 mas followers & were so far away... we'll have the cool Twitter & FB logos goin on the back soon..thats the key huh
The BootCamp fellowship review is underway at this moment!
Only on Fb to network this page. Forget the rest.
omg i need part 28 !!
IPhone, tablet, and laptop are all updating at the same time. I better check the Playstation 3 too.
thanks for following us!
Chun: Climate is inconceivable without computation.
you should apply for this show.. Since you quit today.. Only 1 problem... You'll have to follow the rules
Good work, boss. :-p
my bad I jut left my Xbox on I'm eating dinner then I'll be on
Thinking about applying rdg st focus wall to my math instruction to make a math focus wall
Yes, yes I do! (lol)
Best of luck. Voting closes tomorrow!
thanks for the retweet, Dan! \m/
thinks off her feet! tee hee.
On the plus side i saw Brandon's momma and brother <3 that's always a plus for me. (:
RT : Looking for an internship in Detroit this year? has goal of filling 750 this year.
#Lin he's my favorite player
Congrats on your upcoming appearance. I look forward to watching.
I am going to crack this Phibb Zero and enjoy watching the Lions lose. If you can't tell I am rooting for the Saint tonight.
Lakers please don't make me made tonight..... Goodness
Rip Junior Seau. I grew up watching this guy wreak havoc on offenses. Condolences to his family and Charger nation.
We rock the world one jacket at a time www.varsityjackets09.com www.lettermanjackets09.com www.varsityjacketspittsburgh.com
my bestfriend is madly in love with you guys. and she just introduced me to you guys. your amazing! :)
I love u very much <3
: I'm just finishing up my first year of a two year MA program. It's whizzing by!
hey sarah would you follow me!?(:
#JustRememberThat he cheated on her with you, he'll cheat on you too
What a delicious day!!!
Live Fast Die Young <3
I HATE talking to you.... because it brings back memories I forced myself to forget. Follow me #Beliebers n guys.. I AUTO FOLLOWBAK. Swaggy
- Welcome! I have heard that Shen Yun is a great show! Thanks for following! Robin Lynch Aerialist
This is it i'm gonna die! I am in the need for a watermelon slushy from sonic! :(
what's the latest? You'll find out coming up at 5AM on
Ooh baby... Btw, U wanna make a million dollars? No joke. I'm gonna call u later :)
Almost finished with Into Thin Air. Need to decide on my next book for my #NonfictionAugust. Torn between The Wave and Escaping North Korea.
Then have to fold top 2 on super wet flop. Was right. Next hand my AJ<88 on AJ8 flop. Dealer didn't listen to my 3BET 'No Coolers' t-shirt.
does "Larry" Fishburne count?
I am slow too! Maybe we can start by going around the harbor. :)
Join on Wed. 2/15 @ 1pmET for a live chat with filmmakers and violence “interrupters”
You know I'll take you to another world
When it comes to getting ready in the mornings, I HATE GUYS. I wish I could wake up 5 minutes before I had to leave.
Hottest Mexican next to me on the bus >>>
Second that - list of pastors attending would be helpful
Will you be there? Can I order Franks Drink at work?
Enjoyed viewing your trailer. Now I can't wait for the movie!
Got My Mind On a Million Before I Turn 25
Thanks for MTs and RTs earlier this week.
GOOD MORNING FOLLOWERS I APPRECIATE EVERY DAY GOD GIVES ME
Jim Ladd signed with Sirius XM Radio, starts mid-January on Deep Cuts channel 27
Don't tell me how hard it is when you steady bs'n
COOL! We've been trying to figure out how to do a table and terrain for
If you didn't join us at Johnny's for LFC-City, that's ok... Dom Dwyer did... :)
it's God's will to HEAL.
ok - that smoothie was awesome! might need daily delivery :)
Thanks fellas. We are not worthy!!!
That Mike Tyson interview is one of the best videos I have ever watched, glad to see Meek Mill used it.
Stock Price - Bid - Ask - Spread - Liquidity !
I hate being single :/
I feel like the only little geek in the world that's not in Austin.
Boston Bruins v Ottawa Senators for me tonight. I am sure it will be pucktastic.
Sting on foot is now swelling nicely.
First 6 minutes of the game was so deceiving
sweet home Alabama! Lol.
RT: Morning Peeps. Start of another week and we got some stuff to move you. New ...
Goals for tomorrow: Get a bike, Get a beer, and Get on a patio.
metal \m/
This double shot of espresso is definitely medicinal.
What do you think of Beyonce's baby name: Blue Ivy Carter??
Travis.L.Brownell, you're still my favorite boy and i love you to death. <3 you'll always be in my life. :)
No truth to the rumor that Comet Lovejoy survived its close encounter with the Sun because it's made of fruitcake.
I would of never guess that shit ever..I was like #whattheheck is #oomf haha #thanks for updating my ol ass on
Got a bank account and a website(work in progress) running!
THIS Sat (12/3) B-Day celebration for us We're kicking off at Shotz off the lobby then in the casino. Come hang out!!
yay! So you like it, notice a difference after using?
Thanks for the follow.
Good Nite Hopefully our #Braves can hold on to and add to this lead. |> /> |> /> |>
In the Orville & Wilbur exhibit at Air & Space Museum: "Curiously, no one in Elizabeth City knew much about Kitty Hawk or how to get there."
We're in the research phase--and it's very interesting. How some museums are turning themselves inside out for their visitors.
APPETIZER - JUMBO PAN-SEARED DIVER SCALLOPS fennel, cilantro, orange-lime vinaigrette
that last part is true.
thanks! They look Rad!
Travel broadens the mind...
Is your pet's food making it sick? Time to get that great food produces great health. Natural or holistic doesn't mean it's all that good!
But what will we do with all the guns? Maybe I can go to gunsmith school and then make art with my skills? More sustainable?
bout what?
kept those at work for our dining pleasure tomorrow! you're only allowed one - you got too hyper hahaa
Fine designer jewelry specials. Just in time for the holidays 15% off January and February Birthstones!
It's like the soundtrack of Once out here.
Too bad we can't relegate poorly performing MLB teams to the minors. I love my #Orioles but they shouldn't be in the majors right now :(
Your dome rocks and I forgot Bebe's name! Will post more for you both later.
I won a whopping $18 on a final horse race at my church. But, it was named Cruz! thats a good sign for the Giants next Sunday! :)
Thank you!
Aw wittle Dulce!!!!!!! That's such a cute pic of you guys!
#WaysToGetOFFthePhone say it's dead when really u just took it off the charger
guys dont forget about the shiloh / capcanes wine tasting tonight 6-9 pm at the store...
so i got a question, do you wanna have a slumber party in my basement?
depends on your sensibilities. I'm not a huge fan of tortury fare, but horror fans dig it.
Freebie | Printable Father’s Day Cards
Thank you for that beautiful tweet. Would you like to check out our prayer-app? www.birdofprayer.org
ching chong wing wong can't understand ya...WHITE POWER
#IfIHadThePower to lower the prices of everything in this world, i would
so true!! You go get em sister!! The funny will find you! Xoxo
who decides what goes into an index?
it took 2 hours to bake a nutella cake it better be the best fucking cake I've ever eaten
they don't take it off. they have that shit permanently adhered.
you loved they played the halftime in America commercial. Let the world hear the roar of our engines.
People always say what do you like most? well i dont wanna brag, i dont wanna boast. I always tell em........ I LIKE TOAST.
don't come we'll have some extra food cuz u no u eatin for 2 hahahhahahahah
ill be seeing you out at PRO BOWL man.. good job btw. and congrats..
im soo happy they still play the boy meets world episodes!! Could u please follow me, a big fan of urs, back??
I tried to watch a Tyler Perry film recently and realized that I had done nothing but cringed for 15 minutes before switching it off...
Just saw the Aperture Science test subject acquisition vehicle.
Sluggy is late. Guess I will sleep then. :P
Eating pizza and chips, chillin over my grandma!
Trying to even this soccer tan is a fucking MISSION!!!! :O
I'd love to, but I have plans earlier. We'll have to meet up tomorrow. :)
when ever a TV show comes on that we care about it is like OMG stop what your doing and watch it.
I swear my phone
Thanks for attending the presentation!
at moon town inn?
Don't know what to make of today's market "tribute" to 9/11.Dow -350 to even by close?Heroic or pathetic?I think latter if it plays that way
Check our website for more answers to bankruptcy questions for a debt free future.
RT : I am an only child, that makes me cooler than you. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B8><---sounds pretty boring to me lololol
Screen Actors Guild cannot locate Anderson Cooper's mom Gloria Vanderbilt or the heirs of his dad Wyatt Cooper.
should be a chef. Roasted broccoli in terriyaki/soy/sesame oil = sar's new fave!
will have a chat with Chron!
You know what would be really good with that? A couple patties of ground beef! LOL! RT : Best black bean burger in Bloomington.
Happy New Year Mahomies!!!!! <3 :D Hope everyone has a great new year full of happiness and no regrets! -Maria
A giant table of breakfast treats was just rolled to my door to bribe folks to come meet me.
We have a new Veggie Soup available! Rustic Tomato Soup with Garbanzo Beans!
congrats! And stalking your past tweets--how'd the Episcopal Church branching out go (asks the Episcopal priest)
jamming to some hellz yeah! :D freak the freak out.
if i started following more people from school, my rants would deff get me in more drama haha
Get it cleaned up and get the hell out of town
hamels is wiry.
Raise your weapon and it's over
um my boyfriend would love this!
or you fanning us while we tan
. I'd give the edge to Ben. Frankly though, neither has much to brag about.
@ hiya you!
best of luck w/ Sterling Farms. Noble venture needed in NOrleans & other cities.
I'm un-motherless ain't got no mom nor dad.. this undie it's by it's own! living with his 2 buddies Penis[Nickyballz] & Butt HELL YEAH!
Thanx for the rec. I'll check him out.
i like your background!!
what to do !
Last class of the day, softball game tonight at jc fields.
Bring me my money tomorrow!
You left me to sink.
just video downloads and extras. This is a 77 year old man and 38 year old woman.
Poised Creation remains a selective group that relies on word of mouth and recruitment procedures!
THROAT STOP HURTING!
As someone who has ALWAYS hated running, that is way impressive. Go you guys!
I think the Airlines should let you exit a plane on the inflatable slide on your birthday.
In fact, Iguodala hasn't made a shot outside the paint since the first quarter.
good afternoon to all..hope yu having blessed day! peace
which girl to chose
John Smoltz, because he was awesome whether starting or saving a game.
jacks bar sf...nice
Look on the bright side, you used to be a lot uglier
I know, right? I think May 7th was the only date my head could keep up with.
Starbucks delivered! Whatcha having?
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. -~Winston Churchill
women fight back. Stop having sex with Republican men!
Marketing summary- older age audience = go traditional Middle age group= go digital Younger audience= old school is the new school.
u really need a fuckin life
Hello! We work with court reporters, CART writers, lawyers and proofreaders, and we look forward to reading your tweets!
Different types of comedies, though. I definitely laugh more at Cougar Town and Parks than any other show on TV.
Another beautiful day! Mid 80's and abundant sunshine.
I think you mean Junior Bacon Asperger's.
i am a nice guy and i never mean any harm, but if I win I will at least send one harmless flirt your way
Love your enemies. It will confuse them and they will start envying you.
Trying to text with acrylic nails..
Good Night Twitter world...(having a 9-5 sucks)
Why nobody's following :( follow her and ill follow you back.mention me when you do
Just finished most of my song, now all I have to do is make up lyrics
Would've thought that Nick Nolte might look like Santa Claus with a tan
I only know love when its followerd by you .
You are an amazing person and I wish you a life of happiness and greatest.
quoting imprinted lighter. Did you know there are HazMat fees involved with shipping lighter? Only ground shipping allowed.
OMG you're TWEETING! This is my chance to tell you I love you & miss you.
Bodybuilding Guidelines to Help You Make Faster Progress
It's time to put in work
#dhtrial tension as everyone wonders if a verdict will beat todays deadline for 30 minutes prenotice before in court announcement?
thanks I've added you:) x
Writing my daily blog posts for www.iheartonenote.com. Thanks to twitterers for inspiration.
Hi to all! And, #wave back at Martin!
It's the NYC spiral: so much pleasure, so much debt.
I really hate when I text someone and they can't take the time to put their thoughts in logical order.
Being able to help homeless mothers & families with a portrait of their family for mothers day was truly a blessing
Is there a book called, "Reading For Dummies"? If so, is there another book called, "Irony For Dummies"?
Come along baby we're living in a kaleidoscope world
oh my goodness! I hope God brings you some comfort during such a sad time. I am so sorry that you are hurting!
: yep got it! I'm on it fam
RT : Looking for 20 more volunteers for Eat. Run. Hope. Should be a really fun (and delicious) day. DM me if you're interested.
I'm GIR now. Yay!! And I have a muffin. M, muffins. (Derpy Whooves referenced as i said muffins)
Austin Powers>>>
I know people love but their boarding process stresses me out.
It'd be really nice if my brother acknowledged my presence and realized how much it kills me that he's ignoring me completely.
Fibber, that's not your mom, that's an older sister. :D You both look stunning.
Consider this payback for dominating every tennis golf tournament you participated in.
it was just a dream! :(((
I NEED A NEW CAR
Happy holidays all
Next week's Majors & Minors Is going to make me cry so hard i dont want it to endd:(( but i love you guys:) can u follow me plz
Tomorrow! Come to Turner Hall for the Urban Garage Sale! We'll be there, along with TONS of other vendors! CHEAP, AWESOME DEALS!! 10am-4pm!
Anybody know WHY Steve Jobs just resigned as CEO of #Apple?
Just saw this: come visit me ! Here till 2am! Good crowd :-)
That's great to hear! RT : I've seen them at
I hear "Go to bed already" way too often. Sorry people, but going to bed isn't going to make me rich OR famous. #nosleepyheadhere ;)
RT : See our friend and Cat #BarTabofRassilon on The Ultimate-TV Monday 9pm Channel19 CAN-Tv, Chicago
"I was able to focus on managing other aspects of the event while SignUpGenius took care of the scheduling details." ~Anne-Marie Lofton, TX
Avengers and Game of Thrones today, I'll take it
yes we'll work on that!
I'm sleepy
93 walden with some nice pressure down the stretch! Defense gets 1 more turnover when they needed it! 14 wins in a row!
long story short.. real talk.. keep it one hundred.. your a bitch.
looks absolutely beautiful tonight :)
I wan't your snapback. its swagged out lol
That's an amazing time for a glove flip, Mr. Andrus.
My 2 best finds in the Steam sale: Defense Grid ($2.50) and Shattered Horizon ($5)
Adonde tan peinada??? Hey hey hey
Sick I ain't go to school 2day
": #thatawkwardmomentwhen you walk by someone's house and it reeks of marijuana." It was so awk.
IT'S A WRAP!!! Thanks to all the CAST and CREW for doing an amazing job!!!
I absolutely love 's tweets <3 :)
That's funny, John.
Q4 My library could use volunteers, but the MLS students never wanna shelve books. "I wanna work w/kids!" No. Shelve books already.
WOW-I am impressed AO, really impressed. David owes you a present.
cuz really dont text me back
Mistakes Were Made will be playing in Clarksville this coming Friday, July 15th @ The Coup!
Update-4-Secret Stall Tues @ Sonic #Baltimore -50% off if u park in secret stall. Hints given-Hint:The lucky stall either 20,21 or 22.
i'm not scared of thunder. just the fact that it may cause a tree to fall on my house is what scares me. &¡&Ø=Þ#
It would probably be inappropriate for me as a pastor to ask to have my picture taken w/Ronnie Woo Woo, but I'm tempted.
dont forget to enter that contest thing.
I think I'm in love!!!! Lol jk
Tryin to get good tonight
looking at cards
It is the fashion capital, i.e., more expense. Saw a great suit for me today until I saw that it was pushing 2,000 euro. Nope--off the list.
argh - if only MARC trains ran late night
yes, fresh mozzarella, basil leaves, greens, Romas
It's not too early to start drinking. It's 7. I know ppl in bed right now.
congrats, Tanis! Quite a feast, quite a feast!
": sounds like a plan! We'll have a girls night out." Chuck's in for quite a good time :)
I'm always at school when you do a ustream:(
DailyHookahTip#106: It's considered offensive in some countries to pass the hose with the tip facing them. So loop it in your hands.
I want another tat!
ur eye is off the ball. Condoms thrown at Catholic school girls? Flag burning? Vandalism? Don't you want to make a difference?
love procrastinating with 's tweets
It's your birthday in Paris!! I think that counts double! Joyeaux Anniversaire!
4/25/1785->W Grayson:It is scarcely imagined that any man or society who incline to possess a township would purchase w/o viewing the Land
Check out the food is kosher and delicious.
It's ironic how Americans spend the most money all year buying new things the day after we say we're thankful for what we already have.
everyone is telling my "oh you suck stop drawing you're gonna kill me!" ok fine i will stop drawing fuck all you haters i will stop drawing
little reverse psychology there...
Come to help at the #alhambra art walk, but I come too late. At least I helped clean! :/
did you get her digits?
is live at #Duffy's 420 W Diversey in Chicago we are throwing down with #Bartab. Come by and we will buy you some drinks
very true!!
booze time
Possible St. Brice's Day massacre victims found in a mass grave in England, dated to 11th century. #vikings #archeology bit.ly/pTOG09
Good morning continental breakfast
I want to be every little thing that you want, that you need, that you breathe.
You got my voicemail, yes?
Hey can all ages get a jersey tonight?
Why is Ruthless Rye so good?
It's like deja-vu, all over again!
thanks man
follow me back on instagram when you get a chance
Saw you on #ThePitch. Nice work!
": Everything is boring now, not having you around" aww thanks bro
We no longer accept personal checks. Sorry for the inconvience. Thank you!
ugh i cant go nowhere cus of that obama thing -_-
Followed (: x
M spaghetti
Yall dont 4get to follow my boy the man hustles #realtalk April 27th we at the House of Blues DfW where u at.
Farewell Dawkins. One of the best Eagles of all time. Hands down my favorite.
Completely stuck trying to come up with an idea for this Scott Pilgrim T-shirt contest. : /
Happy Birthday USA!
Im seeing.... Im seeing... Karey coming in late as hell.
#ReasonsToLoveTexas it's the best country in the world
Every time I find the meaning of life, they change it.
Out and about in the Time Square area. I' ve gotta say...tourists drive me nuts.
one of the all time great non-deals was when the Braves didn't give him huge $.
Yeah, but how many times have you heard the words, "Kubiak got out coached by..."?
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
hi tony, how much is it to dry clean 2 suits? Last time I had them done, I think there was a 3 for 2 offer.
We are creating an educational video about interview skills for students. We are looking for professional volunteers to offer advice on film
yes! glad you're keeping that one in rotation.
Wait... you're friends with and ? How the hell did you get so cool? LOL
around the mid 20s...they're actually pretty young
My manager just asked me if I knew how to make copies.
I always knew that hyphens were my friend.
Maxine is actually on #Raw?!? What's the occasion?
just seen a bunch of hoodlums riding around the Ridge in a black hummer. Any guesses who was at the helm? Haha.
Takes short cuts in life you'll come up short.
Believe it or not, I think the Internet has run out of things that interest me
agreed. It's "archival material" but not an archive.
#RObotz hows the contest still going?
At least a week #586 - I realize it is busy, but I've been without my phone for 6 weeks now. It came back still broken :-(
Beastie marathon in between meetings.
get a tattoo today?! lol i will on my spring break
But now I can't concentrate on my homework with your little post, man.
WS council public safety comm. votes unanimously to let occupy camp downtown.
What's good TRUUF let me no something
YAYAYAYAYYAAYYAAYA IS IT??
friend of mine just went, might be moving to Dubai...her pictures were amazing
Trying not to judge things unconsciously is hard to do.
Thanks! RT Great article! Lex needed this! Story on the most influential Lexington tweeters: bit.ly/p3jrz5
The next 7 days or so are going to be crazy busy...why does everything always happen all at the same time??!!
Love has within it a redemptive power. And there is a power there that eventually transforms individuals. ~ MLK Jr.
About to go to church.
thats ok :) just write what u r thinking :)
no problem lady. :)
On my way to mandalay!
yes- that's Lisa with an s- not Lisa with a z.....
from over exhaustion because he told me he's been awake for 2 days straight because of his job.
Just woke up and pinched myself. Last nite was not a dream. The keg was rocking, and now the #Brewers have home field.
The high school I'm going to next year is so shitty.
Joined the gym today!!! This is my year to get in top shape...threw out junk food too!!!
True terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country. Kurt Vonnegut
did you lose it?
yoooo I'm in the lockz
I think I'm getting an ear infection :/
True, true.
Does anyone know how to export contacts from LinkedIn? I tried and get a csv.txt file.
Ray Lewis witnessed a murder. Donte Stallworth killed a man. Kobe and Big Ben raped women. Why is Joe Pa getting bashed so harshly?
Anger plied on top of anger is not good for people with a short temper
#MSR asked "what am i learning about myself? what is my purpose?"
hey :) nice to meet you!
BIG announcement...in a PPC track ;) "Advanced Testing & Reporting"
What is there to do today I've been in the studio all day tryna relax n vibe out who wanna chill?
I hit the following limit =.=
Its been too long & im lost w out you.
At the gym mad I can't watch Obama on Out of ten screens half are sports that's Ok but 1 is on ? Not okay.
you and your other half done with school right? and im not talkin about mandi lol
A small bird keeps trying to peck its way through the office window. Worms are greener?
We will be performing at the Relay for Life of Madison County on June 8th.More details to come!
at least it's not peecan.
Enjoying the conference re: measuring the intrinsic impact of arts. 1st question - Why do you do art?
Scotty and James rocked it!
There is a light that never goes out
Your amazing and I don't know why I love u do much but I do oh and jolt follow me bye
I miss the sound of your voice <3
I am so wore out right now. Putting furniture back in the front room and putting Xmas decor up
Jessica Simpson named her baby girl Maxwell. Now tell me, what the hell is wrong with people??
IDK I doubt it though, it'd be easier for me to go saturday or sunday :x
What an amazing TD run by Blount
Under Wisconsin law, one can set up a defense fund only if one is the target of investigation. (2 of 2)
we try to deliver full coverage, bob.. even when it's brief- don't want to get caught with our pants down
Who would honestly write a childrens book, about a kid being on a diet? Don't kids already have low self-esteem?
At the May 2012 Leaders Breakfast where representatives from 10 industries are giving an overview of the Fredericksburg economy.
Hello no-beard face. Monique missed you!
Just answered an as for some one looking for a Sexy Sax man impersonator for their party. Possible new career move? I think yes.....
I need a guy with "The Truth"
Learn to count your blessings and you'll be blessed even more. ;-)
i dont quite know how to say how i feel
you need to tale care of her?
Friday!! Good Morning everyone! I will be delivering chosen photos to Pups Paradise between 2-4 today! Have a wonderful day!
Whoever just threw a fucking burger at me is a fucking pussy
I miss you too!! What happened to going to BC?
If a team takes Ryan Tannehill at No. 3 in the #NFL Draft, they are going to seriously regret it. He's a second round player.
Can't wait to rock with you guys this weekend!We're hitting the Stadium Grill on Oracle this Friday @ 9pm. Hope to see you their!
Sleepy. Finna go home & jump in my bed.
Look for (the bald guy with a gray Dallas Basketball shirt on) at the today.
Here I go. :D bye bye.
Spanish test tomorrow.
in other news, water still wet RT : #SFGiants 2B Freddy Sanchez now has injured lower back, to get MRI exam via mgr Bruce Bochy.
Skinneys is a fantastic restaurant for Southern cuisine. And the steaks are impeccable !
Girls who get mad when you call them a hoe, even thou they sleep with every guy in school...
got stung by a bee yesterday and it still hurts like someone punched me.
Happy Birthday precious woman!!! May today's blessings bring wonderful memories for all of your tomorrows!!
“: Always good to catch up with the bro! Miss you ” miss you too sis! Better find some time so come up next quarter!
<U+2665>! We hope in the first round. RT Denver's new Clyfford Still Museum is a knockout.
Las Vegas social networking capital of the world, shows we have tech workers now bring us those jobs
Disgusted by "Susan B Anthony List" use of Susan B Anthony in their name. Susan was NOT a social conservative, her views were progressive
Make Congress do the right thing says We should strengthen #socialsecurity, not cut it
Also, I hate when that man bumps his nose on the mic over and over.
Excited to be the new Dir. of Interactive Marketing - can't wait to get started!
Yes! RT Andrea Martin is a genius. I have to work with her one day. Have to. Simple fact.
zombie mode lookin for same BRAINS
Customer panel: wants to work closely with Xactly to simplify the user experience for its sales people
How much does one ugly bastard usage to ducking studder god damn i hate him I can't wait to get away from him
Standing ovation for Berman's presidential address at
your texting the wrong number
If you've ever answered questions you don't know the answers to, you've created a religion
did I tell u! To me you look hotter with short hair I like them styles on ya
yay it's not purple! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
my twitter feed assplode.
is a wanna be
It's official Jean Alesi will be running in the Indianapolis 500 with Newman/Haas Racing. They will be running a Lotus powered DW-12.
You aint Lying ! You must be Watching 106&Park right now ?
Looks like the opening of Six Feet Under. Have fun in Austin!
Insightful trip to #Indy with a group of people that want to transform
Love and do what you like
Ugh. I was comfortable for a minute so I was sticking with hockey. What the eff happened?
Goin down tonight in Venice
At Fridays on a Thursday! Hahahaha one day ahead!
I sure hope so! Haha and btw we need to hang out soon Missy you working as a DA??
Assist from to ! Way to take it big fella
Bad sign: I can't tell most of the characters apart in the new book I'm reading.
Get on shawty !
“: Isn't barking spider a yoga pose?” -if its done right, everyone watching gets a bloody nose...without being touched
Supreme BS,"I'll cut the deficit in half in my first year in office" Barry Soetoro aka Barack Obama...aka Barry Gunny...
I'm bouncing off the walls just reading this. Is the Costco candy headed throughout the country or just S.D. Co.?
Night all! Phones dead and long work day tomorrow.
Broken air conditioning in our apartment is rough. So hot <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5>
: what is "data" in the humanities? NSF defines data as "everything." Big laughs.
Coast hopping, I see. Congrats!
great. Thanks!
Have you done any looking into Michael Milken and how he backs all the Casinos?
My colleague and fellow baseball lover is at the #ABQ council meeting on Paseo project. Folo him for informative yet witty updates
Why do all guys suck
This should be interesting RT : ALA Meets w/ MacMillan, Simon & Schuster, & Penguin Execs on Ebook Lending...
Wenger seems determined to lose. Nasri had ruled Bham in previous matches. Shoulda let him do it again
Need #tax help? can #help! Households w/income of $50k or less can get taxes done at 1 of their VITA sites 4 #FREE!
Ready to head home Phi! Just another hour. I'm on Central time.
I know I can't wait (: are yall coming ?
Finally getting over Mono! YEAH BUDDY
OHP I JUST GOT ALPHA OMEGA
#AddHealth2Life Older adults are the fastest growing group on social networks! Social media is helping older adults stay socially connected!
#nbaplayoffs thinking that my next go to look should be the shaved head and the beard
Steve buscemi is hilarious in desperado
"It is precisely when we have suffered defeat that we can determine to win and open the path to future victory." ~D. Ikeda (via )
I should start on my PowerPoint
"Negative, bossy meat creature."
my man!
Johnson's contract isn't bad right now, but it will be in another year or two. He's an All-star. I'm with you on Jordan.
haha I did see you jump up and like a lil child lol. And you was swervin on somebody last night too lol.
Elton Brand has 7 points in this quarter. Before that he had 21 total pts since Game 2 against Chicago
Mommy thanks for being such an amazing mom to !(: we all love you!! #GreatestMomEver !(:
Ah last race of the season for me tomorrow D:
Why cant carmel have a carnival at the end if the school year like rydell high school.
considers going to the gym a critical step in lesson planning.
Nathan Zeldis, the current speaker at Boyercom's keynote address in NYC; has been helping #corporate leaders w/ e-mail for nearly 20 years!
We are all like the bright moon, we still have our darker side.
For everyone that I just followed, follow back thanks! I'll be following everyone who follows her
Alright Forshure But My Slot Time Is At 11 Thoe
I agree.....and Cleveland is breathing down their necks
First Connecticut Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2012 Earnings
Isn't Obama a moderate?
uh, cause they are part of the team?
WHAT! Just 12 more likes on our #facebook page and we're giving away 3 #free #tshirts. Like us now at facebook.com/tuesdaytees
just watched yu sing for the first time you guys are AMAZING!!
A well-earned post-run nap. I'll try not to be quite so lazy the rest of the weekend!
Thanks <U+263A> RT : Congrats to for graduating today!!!
That's the BEST place to have it!
email writing machine
I'm addicted to action movies, mystery, romance and drama! OMG I dont know why but I watch three at once! The commercials are big.
"If it cannot be us, let it be our children who lead us to peace."
A/C goes on at 70/71. Heat goes on at 66/67. I'm a wuss. RT : your wife allows the AC on at 63 degrees?
The Distro1 Podcast....now with Google Voice! Get those prank calls ready!!
Suck My Dick! Lol
Maybe I should call my uncle and see if he wants to go work out? Cause I am actually up this early for some reason lolz...
“: "No one's life is affected by Planned Parenthood." -- Bill O'Reilly” spoken like a true middle aged white guy
The rain sucks, just makes me wna stay in bed all day
I am! Mostly 4 Mars Volta though =) “: Happy Hump Day! The week is half way over... Who's headin to Tahoe for Soundgarden tonight?”
Lets get this money!
that's not game. He's real that's why she fell for him. Lol
The Store is full of all kinds of new goodness...oh yeah and we're serving ice cold margaritas! Pics coming very very soon!
We can spin it different no problem
mussolini had a photo of his cat on his desk. franco had the mummified hand of st teresa of avila on his.
so can you tweet me a pronunciation that last name listed in your bio?
Another great #RunChat. Always good to connect with other #Runners!
Wait what? I'm totally doing this! RT : If you apply an electric current to a pickle, it will glow in the dark.
yeah, when we both were still in high school. hahaha.
Don't forget anti-worker! #mnleg #1u RT : Anti-gaming (& anti-stadium) Sen. Dave Thompson...
Do you still have "Hustle in your Heart" as one of my mentors Ms Laurie Rubidge shared. Click "like" if you still have it or want it?
Geez. I ran today & thought my lungs were going to callapse.
Where is Kim now a days?
What the hell does THAT mean???
Damn my grandpas been taking a shit since 3:30 ....
Start the New Year with your own store, OR,... just sell for FREE www.just-plug-in.com
Getting ready to start the first day of #SHDA conference meetings. Here's to a great annual event.
I have drank enough Diet Coke in my lifetime to pay for that commercial by myself.
This girl sent me naked pictures of her personality.
Welp, I won't be updating my music for a while :/
Watching independent world guards. Alter ego was great along with black gold!
Looking forward to attending Transformative Leadership Through Service Forum at American University on March 24th from 9 am – 2 pm.
agree, players said that on cam a lot
start humming something else really loud lol
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> why are you moving so far away?! I haven't met you yet! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
A Team LOL RT Seriously I been working at the y for the past 4 summers this makes 5 Smh!! But I love it!
Northern Virginia Magazine will be profiling Financial Professionals in May's Issue. Please contact me to feature your services!
#TwSIG Reynol Jnco wrote paper on effect of twitter on college student engagement and grades. Students new at twitter. Group had to use it.
#Genealogy Geneablooger Radio topic tonight sounds like a MUST-Listen for all researchers using or posting others' info in trees.
I know! I think I'd keep it as a pet bc its too pretty to eat lol
“: Like #Browns are in constant PR-cleanup mode. Either way, theyre headed for another long, rough yr...” You're an idiot Silva
DONE!!! My place. Premiere. Date. RT : BTW I'd like to watch #MobWivesChicago with you. With lots of wine.
LOL!!! How true that is, my friend!!! :)
I really like that song Someone Like You, by Adele.
I want shit to go my way for once. Never will.
I cant wait til the day I dont see Rogers Centre anywhere on the #Buffalo Bills schedule
the only thing saving me this morning is caffeine and a chocolate doughnut.
beach! :D
Movie recommendation is "Teen Witch"
What a beautiful ball played by Convey, perfect onto Kamara's head.
Please follow Thanks you guys :)
I'll be posting photos from my trip to Thailand here on twitter, but for some sneak peeks check out my instagram! username: notanothertree
Lets dance what the weekend, what the night is all about lets dance grab your gf, grab your bf sweat it out lets dance
Some shoes are not meant for real estate.
Joh 14:15 If you love Me, keep My commandments.
Just dropped my Lil bro off at his Uni pub crawl.... Yep my bro ain't so little anymore :) have fun Mr Pilot
": Head hurts" sorry to hear. Excedrine works best for me. Feel better soon.
go to 102.1 page for details
As for getting the kiddos asleep...the CBeebie (sp?) show seems to have a calming effect.
Just back from Microsoft with some fantastic master architect training.
Blackberry battery getting low , ipod battery low. So finna think bout somethings and fall asleep!
I need a drink
Let your intellect guide mind and action. Control ego and desire. Your mind then becomes peaceful.
Norah Jones. new album. yep.
You're welcome, David; hope it was a big success! All is well, thank you! Hope you're having a great week!
I just read Mike Doughty's sour but revealing memoir. Hope I never hate anyone as much as he loathes his ex Soul Coughing bandmates.
yurrrp RT“: Pierce right RT : That nigga took off the correct way”
i think i would get arrested for that....
Me: I want captain crunch Bro: And I want a tight pussy but we all can't get what we want can we.? .-.
44-0 FINAL!! GO STATE!!! Thanks to everyone who came out to
ye i remember! your lucky though!
My thoughts and prayers go out to Dr Dre's family. Lost his son today. He was 20 yrs old.
Cheeky boy ;) Xx
glad you came <3
RT : RAfflecopter may be having a short outage...hopefully they will be back up soon!
Stiglitz interview, (..I wonder if anyone has tied his information asymmetry Nobel work to Open-Access, Gov transparency thinking.)
Me and helped look for prom dresses today. Shes'a growing up :')
Have you tried 's new multiplayer game? My students love it.
Isner takes first set in TB from the Djoker.
Everywhere is in walking distance, if you have the time.
Damnit , don't tempt me. Apparently the Pippa in Shark is back in stock
I want to go see Titanic 3D :)
Wow Ohio is getting fancy.
Then my sister was like look up the FBI most wanted list. Now were scared.
Eating at ihop with the family then heading home :D
every Sunday at 11 newbies by a round of coffee and the location is TBD except next sunay due mom day
"Have enough courage in 2012 to change your conduct. Learn from the mistakes you made in 2011."
Thanks for tweeting! Will we "see" you there?
TY for the tweet and feedback!
Can't get enough of #Scandal It's delicious!
let me know if you hear why, thanks!
See you there! RT : Off to Götterdämmerung this morning, the last opera in the Ring Cycle.
What cost you run for collab?
fresh steakhouse in Turkey?
@ clickflashwhirr - u have to follow me so I can dm email
I know bro.. id be lettin em down! Lol
Tribe time
If someone rejects you today - shake their dust from your feet and move on. It's the only way keep an open spirit to the things God is doing
Oh, well, then why should i can about you? Cause I can statistically group you in some group that should be dead too, right? Love is more..
Musician friends: Any of you ever successfully tape-auditioned for a summer festival, when both tape/live auditions were options?
" I don't wanna miss a thing" so I get on twitter everyday I love you brah.
Wow the cards just won't quit!
Q4) encourage brainstorming for solutions without any hidden agendas
Lewis pitched good tonight. Well done, sir.
Sometimes, you just realize that wins.
#CxEB "bring on the bohemian flirtation"
We have the 2012 backstory, quotes from Deputy Dir, & interview with 1 of doc filmmakers behind the profiles.
thanks lady! :o)
What, you're running the mini marathon this morning?? Well download the smartphone app and listen in to 1450am The Sports Buzz from 9-11!
Toured Maple Dale school on Port Rd. today. Sending 8 yr old daughter there next year. Seems like great school. Any MD parents out there?
Funny how Lebron can win MVP 3 times out of 4 seasons. But can't win a championship ring.
Lunch, is for tutoring for the rest of the school year -.-
Yes #KSMO62, what we need is a smaller crappy picture of the #SKC game because of a thunderstorm warning...in KS...in July...thanks!
Obviously you cheered for the horned frogs :)
Heading out 2 t beach. Weather has been perfect so far bt looking cloudy this morning.
you can play with mine ;))
#NameAFollowerYouSmashed is trending in Milwaukee. This is funny because I GUARANTEE mutual followers will be mentioned! Lmaooo
STUNNING disrespect for President Obama.
Hey, I can't wait for the sun to come out in LA...I've got tan lines that need my attention!
would you be the flash?
Thank you Donnie
Looks like the #Indy #Valpak office is getting lunch from #Fishers today!
How To Love -Lil Wayne
Having said that, I hope EVERYONE is having a very wonderful afternoon!! :) :) :)
We'll find you a Dario or perhaps you'll get THE Dario and he'll take you to Napoli with him next Christmas :-)
Needs advice on a good body cleanse/detox....
great minds think alone
Is this how it feels to be a Knicks fan...
Random thought Jessica Sanchez is so good. :-)
Haha. I knew you are my favorite for a reason!
{thumbs up}
What a day, just got home from the carnival. My son's friend got sick on the octopus. It was all over both of them.
Thank you all for a great chat!
Lotus deny administration rumours Sports car manufacturer Lotus is denying its owners have any plans to go into administration.
Hi, I'm Justin Bieber And my hair costs more than your house.
I'm with & on this one. All I'm hearing are complaints.
Are you at Brainstorm this weekend?
I LOVE VINTAGE LEVI.
if elected Romney promises Nasa he will renew the space race "we need to get Jesus off planet Kolob" he said in a recent statement
No ride to school, looks like i'm walking. Grreat.
Drank an excessive amount of this prickly pear margarita. I guess Gabi's driving me back to Phoenix.
I love the Jimmy Fallon Show
My heart broke :( help, me put it back together? :)
it happened. gorgeous today. :)
Working on story tonight about 18 yr old girl who went from "healthy" to paralyzed in less than 24 hrs from
Confirmed: Montee Ball has been arrested at #Mifflin2012. To be fair, trespassing in that context is a VERY minor offense.
it would help me know do i stand in your way or am i the best thing you had
How many of those are Huff?
It takes everything from you and the people that love you
Just visiting for the month, I'm heading back to Maine next week.
Ugh the werewolves on Being Human are so whiny. More vampires and maybe a zombie or two
Off to Starbucks, then hanging out w/ :)
Come help some little kids get some books and support local music at valley mills christian church next friday april 20th!
mhmmm getting hit in the face...#score cant wait
“: is this in editon to the in person giveaways?” Unrelated. Just giving away 500 hoodies via
thriftin' it and scrimping it and cheapin' it up!
Strange Brew!
Lmao ...... really angel really ???
Ladies love me! im on my cool J!
Humans are slow; computers are faster, and thus, information does not flow through networks; rather, it "bursts."
lol. It's in the works
Thanks for the shout!
young people can't find a government that does anything for them or their fellow Americans in the republican House
Hi Amy! Doing better, thx! Meds helping. Lifestyle changes. Getting back to normal...hopefully. Feeling pretty good.
Just trying to figure out how Sheriff Clarke is claiming poverty when he has three squad cars for every deputy...
These modafockas are taking forever a nigga hungry and wants to go to the library #APGOV mañana
would've been better if by the summer tho
okay I swear like I dont have to wake up early tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Nope. But I am trying to pre order "The new iPad" right now the link flooded and doing too many numbers right now. Only apple
Especially because you're often trying to motivate people who don't report to you on an org chart!
PA nights
r u promoting sumthin?
Working on a new site that will have a much smoother checkout experience.
lol well it really isnt a Monday night if you havent used the phrase "dick bag" at least four times. Ps so excited for Nunus HH !!!
thank god I woke up this morning to find out that sure enough, you tweeted my ass. #Sexy,
Yea I got married to Madison and had 7 kids
Hmu.. I got that
well here they were jerks so im never going back! lol. Gonna stick to H&M and Barneys :)
Iwonder if the hawks won
have you met them? I'm from the US, VA hbu?
I've been on a strict diet for over a week so I'm allowing myself Panera. "Guys, is it socially unacceptable if I eat the entire bowl?"
Predict the Rockies Season & Win $200 Email answer to . The winner must live in Colorado. There is a tiebraker question!
follow back bro!!!! Lol
Boy do I feel sorry for you! LOL
Thanks to everybody who filled the Seaside REP last night for our Civil War show. We should have some video soon.
hey U kno a Jamie Bilbo ?
oh well life goes on ... Yolo bitches
Princeston your growing up so fast I don't appreciate that but I still love you your two years older than me yes I'm 13
Gonna play some BEASTIE BOYS this afternoon in honor of MCA.... what do you wanna hear??
I guess she didn't major in finance or math
and many others (i m a big fan)
thanks I'll get something your way this weekend sometime.
Just filed my first biz taxes. It's easy when all the numbers are 0. :)
hey numb nuts Mark was talking about that move since Watt was a senior at UW... your making an ass of yourself
After that you gotta go cause you ain't my wife !
Please, please tell me "Hello, Hologrampa!" is how Tupac was introduced when he appeared onstage at Coachella this past weekend.
...I swear
Tried the "Milwaukee" w/sweet potato chips. I'll spare my harsh criticism but I'll say Burger still has my heart.
We can keep being vocal and demanding better service. Never just accept it.
I would love to party with you. Come to Washington, DC.
Play me on Scramble With Friends! My username is: lyrensiren
It's the last day of classes -- a day for reflecting on the course and poster sessions summarizing research papers.
It is still go for launch of MSL and we are going to watch it in MBE at NASM.
It's really weird that today's my last day of class. I was looking forward to this more when I was in elementary school
Tease. RT Major casting announcement about a movie star and an Off Broadway play coming soon.
Breakroom tv is set to Pesident on the View. I'm not trying to rag on the Pres here, but he seems somewhat awkward in the setting.
ya remind me tommrow i'll tweet ya video of me from it
I am also thinking about starting a poker blog... I would have fun Las Vegas poker room information and funny things that happen at table!
do it to me by Me and 's new fav song :)
Congrats on the well-deserved promotion!
I know the perfect place, too.
I Hate That When I Look So Cute & I'm At The Mall No Guys That I Like Are There But When I'm A Total Hot Mess....!!!!
Editing on "Montgomery" is looking good! 1930's are about to come back in a ridiculous way!
Feels like I JUST finished the 1st book in the & it's time for the next. Back to my crazy writing schedule aka no sleep.
I didn't know that was a thing, you may have just made my day. Hope you have a great Friday!
Colin Firth is a very hot English actor. :)
GoodLuck..only moments to the
"Henry Thorton...I know him!...I don't know him."
Adam - What's going on in Tebow's head right now? How to master the full back position??
I refuse to believe it.
Hope your day is a great one! Yes the bio is correct : ) I do have fun.
Dang, im not even a roshon fan & that was amazing!! Good rumba song, great choreography Chelsie!!!
good morning honey...
God Chris brown go away!!!! Your not cool enough to dress like run DMC.
yea! she is a stick!!
and I'm not going to respond to that
Welcome to Twitter, Christine!
Every young man would do well to remember that all successful business stands on the foundation of morality. Henry Ward Beecher
My attitude is based on how you treat me.
Uh Oh... RT : Nice spring day, head to and grab some fish tacos.
UUUUUURRRRRGGGHHHH If I was on Jeopardy tonight I would have won. I COUNTED THE POINTS.
No you're not.
uh, no. that's the same freakin thing!
why didn't i know about sooner?! love love love the music!
You there yet? Saw where a jet from NY to LA hit some birds and had to return to NY.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
I hate when I get sick my asthma always acts up !
r u guys at yoga yet?
My pleasure, Kari!
#IveAlwaysWantedTo start singing in the hallways at school and expect everyone else to sing with me just like on Highschool Musical (:
haha aw, no way! That pic was just saved on my phone from when I was home in December. I'll be back for Aubs' graduation tho :)
Surprisingly amazing penmanship.
: Great flicks. Pit #8 was moving: gritty, heavy, and clearly the filmmakers were (too?) involved with their "subjects."
Today: Evaluation of Systane Balance on Ocular Protection and Tear Film Break Up Time in Dry Eye (D980) from 3:45-5:30PM.
Follow our in-house stylist !!
last twit of 09'.... who is that horrible band, thats on ABC?!
Good Morning! just a quick reminder, if you are in San Diego, you can visit our locations for last minute instant auto registration tags.
No more Mr.Guy!! I'm done being so nice to people in my company trying to get over me & just focus on the future money! It's not all about>>
I let myself go. I could probably do 2 miles without crying
I finally slept 8 hours! The past few weeks of 3-5 a night wore on me!
so poignant its painful. Lovely.
Can we hire you as our personal stylist?!
I think all of us could take a lesson in calmness and patience from the way the Japanese people are handling their crises. I know I can!
Possibly city tonight with my girl yeeeeee
Do not regret growing older. It is a privilege denied to many.
#ImMadBecause Cody's album won't be released on June 5th. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
right before they throw up the \x/ RT : Awkward eye contact with people in cars next to you at red lights.
Watching #setonhall beat
I miss her and its only been one day :(
QotSA are a great find. Check out The Eagles of Death Metal for their singer playing incredible rock drums.
Success means something different to everyone. So, focus on your own and stop comparing yourself to others...
Catching up on some comics this afternoon. Prophet #23, BPRD: The Long Death # 1 and 2, and Fatale # 2 and 3. Nothing but quality!
I just want one full day together with ! With nothing to do or no where we have to be but in each others arms. :/
Im sober
Can I please send you a spec of P&R i wrote? If I could please email it to you it would be so nice of you! Pretty please! Thanks!
So anyone wanna go to Ross park mall Fridayy?
I heard on Fox News this am that gas prices have risen 85% since PORTUS took office. Not a good sign.
One should choose a wife with the ears, rather than with the eyes.
ya ya ya am wit a dude his got a bad breth ha he iz making me sick n on top of dat he wnts a fb acount.
Getting started with the LTC social media workshop - E177!
I feel so helpless when Mike and Grace are sick. I just want to make them better....
If you liked 's announcement today, consider making a donation to the campaign. Folks will be watching the $$ response.
All by design and implemented years ago. CFR. Red China will show up as the savior.Remember the Ghost cities were buit for a reason.
It's crazy how your enemies know you better then your bestfriend "
My phone decided to wipe itself of literally everything but my flocka background.so please text me your name.
haha. It was great to finally meet you! Im now following you! :)
just loaded up your guest spot on Blue Chips nice work man
#Imagine Playing hide & seek with Harry. You're crawling on the floor behind the table when Harry grabs your ankle & pulls you ''Got ya''
Completing The Square Quadratic Equations
Wondering if i should get my hair did this friday or next . . Hm *puts on thinking cap*
Hurricane season + BP nightmare = big F***ing mess.
I guess my argument would be that the vote was split then and now it'll probably tip in Romney's favor, but I guess only the polls
payback for your VCU pick! Was it worth it? (probably yes haha. Just giving you a hard time Elpers!)
It's gorgeous out and I'll be trapped inside my gay job
Unless its ONLY at night when I'm watching a movie or going to sleep, I hate rain -______-
kool what games do u play :)
#smart girl swagg
Ohh. I hope I don't have strep. Wish me luck(:
u can never leave (insert wing player) in the corner open. He will nail that 3 every time -Hubie cc
Shake that ass for me.
skill has nothing to do with him looking like a goblin tho.
The safety of Americans abroad is still the priority of the State Department, and crime is a concern....
Al Davis, R.I.P.
One person I most definitely miss talkin to Yup...yup most definiitely.
I am (not so) patiently waiting for my and CDs to come in the mail. I think the UPS man got lost...
I like you,even though i have never heard your music. You seem like a good person.i will check out your music for that reason
Happy Mother's Day Angie!
everyone except the people who get paid to do it, that is.
I'm so fucking hungry.
where do you work?
Thanks to all!! Finally reaching 100 today! Most recently following us are
hey pretty little liars on tonight, can't wait.
Loved all the photos from Toy Fair, too!
Its the climb <3 :')
So wish I was kidding: I waited 40 min for #wmata so dude could hold train doors open while his buddy peed on the platform.
apparently that was purchased outside the budget
Are your calendars public?
hm. I thought I was already following you, but in any case, I'm following you now!!
that's being outcoached
The Revivalist is HEAVY this week. Interviews w/ Thundercat, Robert Glasper, Adrian Younge, Betty Padget, our 2nd Sweat N' Sweet Mix & mo.
#animesoutheast is coming up soon!
RT : I'm back at from12-7p 2day. If you come say our hash tag word you start 2-For-1. Today's word is
Can the Nats just lose already so I can say it...
Thanks, Suse -- and thanks for being there for me.
I liked Aldi. None around here though.
Gettn paid from the craddle to the casket
Are you home yet? It's 9:05. :)
Good morning! Hope everyone has a safe and productive day. We look forward to working at the South Jersey Bullpen today.
It's quite odd - feels like heavy JS processing when it kicks in from the choppiness. I'll see if I can narrow it down further
i know you love beyonce, whats the point? lol
232 of those are from me asking if you got your broadband back yet.
I told here I need to get ready and all she did was look at me...
We're just getting started, sir -- great to see you tonight!
its gettin there, just unpacked 3 boxes :)
I love it when we score in the first inning
It's #presidentsday ...what the hell am i doing up so early???
Signing off now, actually. Should've been to bed at least three hours ago! Goodnight! <U+2665>
as i end a busy i start another! loving it. Getting bookings! thats what its all about
Can't you talk to Deborah Treisman and straighten this out? :) At least schedule is nearly 3 weeks. What r u going to c?
vote YES on Meas. 26-125 and keep our badass libraries open. this is a command not a request.
Lol he just had super rap babies with Lil Kim
That was rude homegirl!
i sent an e-mail to twitter support and gave evidence that callux is a dirtbag and they're going to delete his account :~)
Well...I think you are capable/good @ a lot more that you just haven't experienced or it hasn't quit came to you just yet. :)
ik I am going to albivi and icon dance soon
TSA would not let me thru security with my silicone cutlets. Would this happen if I were dressed as ?
But of course, you all have a great program going - and thanks for the RT!
Awh!!! You KNEW that already!!! In a satellite meeting with Cathay Pacific moment, DaDa! Will call you after k. X
ass fat she cant sit straight, ballin bitch .. griff blake
S/O to hes my fav <3 hes reckless as hell. But we always have the best times. Hes cute and cool af.
Short day tomarow ,gonna chill wit , Diana nd others I don't know about ..
Indeed I am! I'm actually a newly-minted Developer Evangelist @ Microsoft focusing on Windows 8. This means I like it. ;-)
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...if FB shuts u down they may never give you it back again...so those 2000 friends are gone! Re-FRIENDg is boring!
This Metro car has no heat. :( Brrrrr!!!
All I need to pay attention to is history because I have a test other than that fuck it. It's Friday!
iPhone case out there?<----need function? extended life? where do carry it? style? so many many options
Dnt juss be a dad #BeTheBest Father u can be....
you guys are great!!
I'm proud to report that, after 8+ yrs of trolling the streets of New York, I have seen every color and texture of animal shit known to man.
Off to get an ultrasound and I'm definitely not looking forward to it...
The countdown is on. #ProLoveMarchATL begins in 24 hours. Join us for a festival of LOVE in downtown Atlanta.
Did anyone else just see the fat male cheerleader walk by??
I feel the same way, but I feel that if I did I would feel too high maintenance.
Are you guys done uploading finish line pictures for the evening?
yes, thank god xD
Its the forth month of the year!! You know what goes down this month!!!
I would soo support you:)
Both on a Sunday!
Fck that they fired me for some bull so i sit my as home and STILL MAKE THEY MONEY!
Revenge is like the sweetest joy next to gettn p***y... #2Pac voice
Snow Man Get Your Hands Up High Its Your Boy Mr. 17.5
Hear real case studies of how small businesses used social media to generate leads and revenue
Block by Block RT : Sharing what we learned today, Jeremy said "we represent the President in our neighborhood"
hey. You favorited the tweet... Naht me
french bread? Experiment must have been in San Francisco.
We are loving this weather!
#Austin #ATX #UT mini session for outdoor portraits start at $150. Google Lime Fly Photography. Thanks
didn't even know you were in g'boro. Hope you had a good time.
Eh. You didn't miss out on much. OH!!! Btw, ABBY TOOK ME OFF THE SCHEDULE....
Enjoying the time off! Looking forward to getting back to my running routine tomorrow!
An hour wait at Famous Daves
Hahah though I love the look of a nice pair of Pumas, I prefer Nike when it comes to running shoes!
I'm gonna make a new video discussing the whole no xbox 360 exclusive sfxt characters.
Hiding out in the bathroom, so your parents won't bother you.
Thats cool how u been??
It was . . . odd. Even for 30 Rock.
On this day in 1972, President Richard Nixon announced the creation of the space shuttle program.
aka new mixtape by my favorite rapper!!
Curb Appeal is important to us too! RT : #HGTV Marathon: Curb Appeal: The Block! Today 1pmET.
Give me a break. $1 million vs. $25 million? Just Bob Perry and Diane Hendricks gave Scooter more than Barrett raised.
So excited for you! RT : Excited for my first class tonight! Hello java.
So happy to have some #DonDraper back in my life
Also, I haven't seen a drop of rain all week until I pull into the greater Lexington area
love your show!!! Such a blessing
If you're still doing the puckered lips aka duck face in pictures you need to get outta here<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Enough is Enough
Yeah, I Hate This Weather. Train's coming....Thinking on doing tomorrow Seen in the Snow (Guidance Episode 6). Drive Safe & Stay Blessed.
Hugs Back!!!
way g L word it's good u love both
I would not have been fun tonight...been working late all week...hike this weekend?
My brother has no respect
Loving all the sunshine at the office today! hurray for plenty of natural lighting
Fighting hunger daily is the mission of Hosea Feed the Hungry and Homeless in Atlanta.
sittin outside eating lunch w/ my bff <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><U+2600>
where's my mets updates? Its easy to follow the mets game on twitter and the NBA Finals game on tv...
At work, with one more day.
Romania gov't: moratorium on shale gas exploration - The Seattle Times
“: The Soyuz crew have little kittens in those boxes they carry #spaceyfunfact”ha!!rt
Not sure. I think that was looking, no?
I wonder if this slight hangover I am experiencing is like how Jesus felt after rising from the grave?
RT : RT : A5 Visibility gives you the direct ability to inspire. It also holds you accountable.
Word for to day is ( stay facous )
GET READY!!! KICKBALLTIME!
1st time on QVC-Tuesday night 10/27 on 10pm show, I'm selling my 2 Yankee Stadium balls as a package deal!!
We want to wish everyone a happy and safe Labor Day weekend :)
Cracking at nectar lounge #coast2coast first time in nw.
Sackary can deal with it ;) omg do you wanna see a REALLY hot picture of Harry Styles?
Maybe you were needed up there, but we're still unaware as why
Wow it's Nat'l Grilled Cheese Day & I'm not even having one:)
How do you help students who can't complete FAFSA b/c their parent(s) did not do their taxes?
Niese is buckling knees tonight.. Maybe Go Go should start swinging harder
The Good Men Project makes my skin crawl.
Oh Thin Mints- Why are you so delicious that I eat you at every meal?!
Another day of great weather in NYC. Today calls for some ice cream, where should we go? Has anyone been to the Brooklyn Ice Cream Factory?
Out where?
RT James Malinchak - Big Money Speaker's status: "Money won't make you happy, but happy people will make you money" - The Financial Times
Actually i miss levi i havent had a good smack on the ass in a while haha
Trying online dating. Talking to this girl. I read her profile, under "Books" it says "Harry Potter, Mysteries, R. L. Stine" Red Flag??
oh no you don't! not brain food, drain food.
I hate waking up in the middle of the night feeling like something just happened. It makes me soo paranoid.
where are the cats at?!
Asked a group of our senior volunteers if I could take a pic for Facebook. Face what? What book? Guess I don't always know my audience. Heh.
Please tell me you're going to hip hop international? :) <3
Happy Valentine's Day! May your day be filled with love from all. (and the rest of your life for that matter!)
Why isn't Shawn Reynolds all over my TL today? That foo always has smart shit to say!
It isn't breakfast in Malibu until Pink and Carey Hart walk in.
It is never too late to be what you might have been. www.sofiafellini.com
My Tummy Hurt .
You bitches ain't cute...Who df lied to you?
held 11:00 Multi position plank Sunday! Longest I have ever held.
Jessica KILLED this jazmine sullivan!!!!!!
Geogre RR Martin likes ripping your heart out, grinding it in a blender, and feeding it to the crows.
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you
follow me back please(: 10
I know running away from your problem doesn't get you anywhere.. but sometimes it seems that's the only option..
Not a great start for the Trumbo experiment at 3B
Nice. As a side effect, I hope it'll explain to me why I should learn about inches and feet
Quicknote: whatever your interests are in the Trayvon Martin/George Zimmerman case may be, keep your politics out of it.
#IThankGod forgiving me faith when I was loosing hope !
i love #coldplay they is the bomb
A friend of mine has just joined Alcoholics Anonymous....he still drinks heavily but under a different name !
If you can hide that, I wonder what else you can hide.... Hmn
ipod on, tanning oil done, now imma tan and relax by the pool;)
I want to hear something.. YouTube ? ?
Ya'll it's hot down here' in Tennessee but we are beating the sun with ac and sweet tea. There are a bunch of photos from recent gigs on fb
on Monday.... On Wednesday op no Friday wait wait no Tuesday
oh my god parkour classes? where can i find that information/who can i get in touch with about attending a class??
I hope I do good in the NFL. I want to see people wearing my jeresy lol
#truthis tht will never notice me :'/ ive been trying over a year 2 get him 2 notice me
We need Olu now.
I hate feeling like this.
If you truly love someone, then the only thing you want for them is to be happy....even if its not with you
Me too. Both counts.
You were great! :)
5 min until new life changing information! More energy, focus with new info, why and how to live life on your terms! 712-451-6000 322085#
Let's put it this way- "I can make some extra $ without any effort on my part? Sounds good."
m pillsbury dough sounds so fluffy and delicious!
Gah, no, I wish! I totally missed out on seeing the Justins, Timberlake and Bieber. Are you at #CES?
But I'm not even tired
You asked for it, we delivered: We're planning an official Xtreme Trampolines Dodgeball Tournament. More details tomorrow!
It makes sense in most of SD fire agencies. Most don't have civilian PIOs.
Please give me the direct website to purchase your book. I can not find it : (
If the fish was alive I can see the point. But even as a vegetarian, this seems ridiculous!
Liberals are only tolerant to liberals. Symptom of collectivist hive mind.
“: Women are the devil.” only if you have NO game....
#SalvationArmy operates in 15 countries in Africa besides #Uganda! Offering job training, building schools & a myriad of other services.
trollop is my personal favorite
bill walton giving IU shout out!
follow me back!
Mass Effect 3: you are buggy. I'm gonna buy you though. In fact and I are buying a 2nd Xbox for co-op.
Sleep Tight Twitter!
out of this country...
Every calling is great when greatly pursued. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Windows 7: seemingly benign when you don't have to interact with it; utterly dysfunctional when you do.
Thx!!RT : good win tonight but I'm still down with my man Parham and the Birds but good luck on the rest of the season.
Thank Fucking God. Tied.
Good morning #uppers & Thanks : Takeaway from first segment: Policy emerges from governing coalitions, not Presidents as humans
you're welcome! we had a blast too!
Can't believe my kid went swimming with sharks today - I love it! Thank you and !
I need coffee
hahaaha that's awesome. 219 if you run out of gummy bears and need some sugar lol
You are in a mood today. Hope all is all right....
I talked to my Dad this morning, before he flew to Guatemala to spend two months with his friends and extended family. I miss him already!
My 3G network is faster than the free WiFi at this hotel.
RT : RT : It's sad when the people who gave you the best memories, become a memory.
I'm short term long on the #EURUSD and the #AUSUSD .
Check out our main website. www.nuvoh2o.com/social See how our systems condition your water with citrus and not salt!
Thanks :D
i'm sitting next to this girl lindsei ASSIGNED
not at the moment. will let you know. : )
Thx for the RT's!! Hope y'all have been enjoying your weekend, so far :-)
I get distracted from homework to easily
Funny lady Lisa Ann Walter will be on my show talking bout her new book Wed 5.25 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen -in
Ugly ppl on thos bus right now
The Civil Heretic came from moi. Since I read his writing on the origin of life, he has been my favorite living scientist.
Fox football guys will play #whosgonnalose in one hour. Pick both playoff games today and tweet results here. 2-0 Sat w/ Ind & NO
": So I guess in the middle of the 5th inning they sing Deep In The Heart of Texas here. Ok." You sing along?
It's resume time. With an accent over the e at the end. Gah.
IS IT CAUSE OF JUSTINS SHIRTLESS PHOTOSHOOT? OMFG i was dead
I wanna post a picture so bad of my friends Easter gifts but they'll see it:(((
are you Alyssa'ing again or are your texts not working
Never let fear of rejection or the unknown stop you from going after what you want. Be brave! Take risks and never give up!
That was the right call....but I don't like it.
Would totally fall to my death when I woke up in the middle of the night to go take care of business...
yes I am too lol,and yeah I'll ask my mom about it:)
Damn I miss my homie.
Fox 12 news desk here. Can we talk to you today if you're in PDX?
Good game..atleast we ain't gettin blown out like most of yall said..
"Shaq is a big nigga he owe me money but if he don't give it 2 me der is nothing I can do about it" - Michael blackson #lmao!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
what is unfortunate? I hope all is well. When I came across your tweet I was moved to respond
Whoa Brooklyn lets go!
regardless, if you don't want to pay for the service, don't ask someone to serve you. Get curbside takeout if offered.
My neighbor complemented me on my nice deck. She asked me if it was real wood. I told her it was real. She was impressed.
Why everyone goin to bed early <U+E40B>
Blake griffin still sorry
Instructions: Get the duct tape, tape the fish up, stab the magnet into the fish and put the fish inside your PC.
Two Fifty Tuesday! Regular Beef and Polish Beef $2.50. Peanut Butta Brownies
Rooting for Houston tonight. Sorry , I need them in the playoffs, haha.
Woaaaahhh Amber Is The Color Of Your Energy
Yes! Def! I was bummed I could not make it to the last YP meeting. Coffee/Lunch/Dinner ASAP?
I think needs to update his profile photo to reflect the new slim him 40lbs lighter! Way to go Jeff=)
We all want to be wanted and darling you got me wanting you...
Already, Im wondering what my "thing" would do to u if he ever meet up w/ you ;)
Hi and this tweet is to introduce you guys :)
yes because nobody is doing anything to help them
“ Just made THE coolest thing.... but you'll have to wait to see the tutorial on ”
#military #discount 15%off ALL ORDERS Just use promo code "Freedom 15" checkout www.1800anylens.com "Seeing is Believing"
Let's see how this works out
p.s i miss and love you! xoxo
"Act responsibly, respectfully and ethically at all times." Yeah, not gonna happen. Sorry.
true . But he's my idol, i love him . And when i meet him again i'm dressing up like him.<3
Tempura Udon and some California Rolls Sounds so good right about now... Friday Hours 11am-12am Happy Hour late 10pm-12am
That is when all will know It is then so easy to show....
Great job on the weight loss!!
My #FourthMeal? Three fingers of Glenlivet, with a little bit of pepper... and some cheese
Call and order a banner today...mention this status...and get 50% off! Free design! 615-255-3825
Try a slice of our orange yogurt coffeecake --- moist yogurt coffeecake with orange zest!!!!
We are on the same pages. both great areas. Don't thinkso, but will always be a frequent visitor.
of course. It's a legitimate profession. He saves lives. #respect “: Ladies, could you seriously date a gynecologist?”
Two more #casting directors committed this week. Stoked.
Ya'll gonna fuck around turn me back into the old me
": If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. -Mother Teresa"
Just posted "Museum Exhibition Design, Part I, Fabrication", would love to hear comments and feedback !
RT : Iv always hated reggae..but few songs like "ur L<U+2665>v" and "hold u down" By Luciano,aren't so terrible after all.
Quote of the Week | Censorship, like charity, should begin at home; but unlike charity, it should end there.—Clare Booth Luce
I went to bed late last night & I'm real tired so I need a good nap right now. Peace <U+270C>.
hah me too... I've given up on that thought. They dont exist no matter how hard you look.
as a mother myself this is your worst nightmare. Thoughts and Prayers to her, his children and the rest of his family. RIP Seau
#IWishYouKnew how I felt. I hope you get a taste of your own medicine soon.
Mercedes Mention:
That was too short.
Watching Sons of Guns with Viggle Wed | 6PM | Discovery Get real rewards just for watching TV.
hold me closer tony danza
lakers so god damn sorry, and u so god damn ugly bruh
will you be at the franchises session in the ballroom? Would love to see you and say hi.
Real estate invest wisdom from Togni1: Is there any place within driving distance that you wouldn't go to at night? Start looking there
Fortune cookie message said: "The future looks bright." For once, I'm in agreement!
same here i cnt sleep at nights until like 2 maybe 3
Feeling good this week should get some miles in on the trails!
Marketers of content marketing who tweet "content marketing" are preaching to the choir that knows those words.
is going to bed :)
tap dancers RT : I would have been a member of the Rat Pack if I was alive in that era...too cool
Thank you all for the help! I'll link to them on Facebook. Now, get them on Twitter :)
C-Breeze
Exactly! It's too much! RT : the more I watch her, the more I can't stand her. She gives herself too much credit
Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm.
You can be very right and very alone. (From Marieclaire mag.)
'Bout to be inspired by at #BiolaMediaConference!
Acura shoot in the Design District
so sweet!!!
Imma Just Keep Being Nice About It!
I yell at random people in hallways
seems like your having fun! I'm working late call you later.
I am so excited to see you in eight days, even if only for five minutes! #alliwantforchristmasisyou !
Good One!!!
feel your pain. Took me 20 trys to get a taxi to Space the other night.
He looked awful in those overtime periods...not like you lost to your instate rivals, when you were the favs to win the cup...
Sack numbers down overall? Any comment on # of holding calls?
no lie, ur a bitch in the best possible meaning of the term...
Amazing night with friends , , , DSP founders day today, IU game…perfect weekend minus soc theory
A day of worry is more exhausting than a week of work. ~ John Lubbock
Last day of this week
They wanna se me dead but I gave them dedication
RT“: They acting crazy at MOA I'm glad I'm off!!!”// Man I'm here now and people are going nuts..
yinz will love it! Have fun :)
i do.. u need jesus for sayin that shit nigga
“: I haven't seen it either & I just saw The Big Lebowski for the 1st time a couple days ago #embarrassed” what!
Just saw I Love You, Man - EXCELLENT!!!! BEYOND EXCELLENT movie.
we gotta step it up!
I hate when people be all in my business.
#fatindiebands Guided by Vices
It's a rainy morning in #Baltimore, and I'm happy because now I don't have to go to the car wash.
We are planning to launch one by the end of the week. Come to visit and talk! All about job search, employers. www.joborworker.com
I want to add some blue in my hair. so high school, but I think it'll look cute
How many LinkedIn connections do you have? 500+ is a nice start. Your profile should be at least as detailed as your bio on the firm website
Q: What sports event has been going on for the last six hours? My neighbor is starting to worry me. I am hoping it is sports-yelling.
Wow! Our first Twitter spam! We have truly arrived.
it did
I wouldn't normally be so squeamish, but this looked like SERIOUS mold. And now it's probably eating my insides.
I think imma shed a tear. There's still hope for you.
One need not look towards the heavens to find an angel for I have one here before me
hey sis what's new
& were awesome tonight in #FredTheShow :) GREAT JOB GUYS!!
thank you
Whose going to w me?
writing a paper on aristotle and watching the leaves grow
Jennifer Hudson pretty but so damn cocky
nope... But now we do have to dial area codes... That burns more calories
Go Longhorns! \m/
SUNDAY 10/31: Halloween Fest w/ Mozart Season, Let Live, Vessel, Conquering Rome, In Courage, Maritime Disaster & Fated Rivalry! DOORS @ 4PM
Do you think Tim Tebow has ever asked God for a "Hall Pass" before? Going to have a lot of free time to exercise those "demons" now!
Are we on the cusp of a second IT revolution? Thoughts on cyberinfrastructure & future of higher ed at
when will u come to nyc
Luis Hernandez has some interesting things to tell about the Penn. State scandal. Weds. night at 10pmCT
Thank you for your service ": Tks so much ! Being Afghanistan combat vet,means the world to me "
no one I dont think, maybe the guidence receptionist?
Who have black berry ?
Good morning world! What does your best life look like? What dream can you carve out today? Use your life wisely. Never waste a second.
But see man. I don't know. I shouldn't even be tripping about it. I mean I asked him to never talk to me again lmao
Staying busy here. Heading out early today to do some "team building" aka shooting skeet
Don't let dreams go to waste
hey derick is really upset and sad, and doesn't feel like face timing. How bout later?(:
Oh, yes! Rare book professionals from Worcester! "The heart of Massachusetts."
your telling me you wore it in public in the past?
Oh and the talk about me being beautiful doesn't really have to stop :))
“: We hope you will be Exec. Plt soon!”. Well i would if upud send me the get it fast email offer
Thinking of you and counting the days until we meet again.
#SometimesIWonder what happened to Earl Sweatshirt.
Working on Marcus Wiley Racing official website will let everyone I'll post the link, have some big things in the works for 2012
Buy our record at one of our shows and get it for 5$ or buy it online at www.fastcar.bandcamp.com hope everyone's having a relaxing Sunday!!
No but I heard SDSU had more players selected than USC and UCLA combined. Don't know if it's true though.
New Alert! check it out at www.southfloridaalerts.com
Loving the lineup for the Virginia Film Festival. Marx Brothers and His Girl Friday?! I may have to clear my schedule for this.
We have built our business one customer at a time. Thank you all for allowing us to serve you and your automotive repair needs.
its just a lot of the same stuff over and over again
and by #illstoptweetingnow i mean until after i flip flop and change my mind.
I wanna do something different with my hair tomorrow
I'm ready lets work!
::Scurries to ask daughter where to buy pot::
#thingsthatpissmeoffingeneral arrow to that knee jokes...
Slapping this al casino in Vegas its only rite.feel me.
I hope this year will be good for you too(:
Love your site, madam. It's been revamped since I last saw it!
never said that. Said different for players now then in past.
Fascinating panel discussion re: how info is synthesized btwn oral and literal traditions.
Yes we have made another leap. It's a used bookstore here in Lexington.
when you dropping a LP to feed da streetz
Follow our CEO to keep up with what’s going on in the sports world.
Almost made it a whole yr at this job before my 1st major coffee spill. Now my office smells like a Starbucks.
30 GB's of free storage at glidedigital.com - so cool!
Did you do it in the bucket? “: Really making progress on that bucket list! Throw up during an earthquake....check.”
Woke up to beautiful news, good morning my loves <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I didn't know you guys had Nate marquart
Stop making 3D movies Hollywood, we're all sick of them
Democracy is 2 wolves & a lamb voting on what to have for lunch. Liberty is a well-armed lamb contesting the vote. – Ben Franklin
Social media is now a job, but will become a skill. Great line from #Jay Baer
The original Nightmare on Elm Street...well done, sir. : )
Its everybody birthday today.
Lost today's negotiations. Now we go to war!
Alan Galey "Visualizing Variation in Premodern Books: The Case for Small Projects"
Alright we got a show in Nashville tommorow at 3rd and Lindsley at 6:00 p.m sharp. Who's gonna be there??
thank jesus for Incubus
Anna is snoring and twitching while she's taking her nap.
Just had a lovely time at dinner with my girl and her man. I really don't mind being the third wheel...I have such great friends:)
Golf in Shools starts today!
All vote numbers are unofficial and won't mean anything until a larger percent of the precincts report in. But it's fun to track.
: yes. I am the #MasterMixologist for the entire hotel. Quite a fun and busy job!!
can we just add the text??(:
We will be live tweeting and blogging from #NCAN all day. Make sure to follow!
I dont snitch I dont stalk I don't cosign fuckboyz. I get it in the only way I know how. Thats keepin it a million.
men with good intentions make promises,but men with character keep them. men with dignity and honor knows when to do the right things.Andres
#SoLoMo can expand horizon. Social brings discovery through most passionate users
Nice to meet you last night; thanks for coming in! - and thanks for the drink as well!
Playing West Lounge @ Hotel Angeleno tonight with Sherwood Sledge, Ryan Cross, Peter Buck. Sunset and 405, 9pm!
RT : The richest fifth of the world's people consume 58 percent of all energy used and 84 percent of all paper.
RT []: listen live on AM 1290 in Milwaukee. I'm live tweeting it, and Sachin from MKE Dems is on live.
this shxt is a flickin JOKE
You're telling me these kids are going to be college freshman??!!
That just made my night, couldn't be happier <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
#yee we got to 50 followers! thats kinda good i suppose;) we did only properly start this lastnight!
msnbc late-night programming normally does the trick
is it cruise time yet??? So ready.... how u doing?
I'm sure your repellent views act as BC in your case.
so sad...I never have nor ever will cheat on someone I'm in a relationship with.
i can't imagine!! AH! beyond excited for you!! so good to hear! make sure & rub it in!
the pink leopard ones are amazing!!
It snows where you live? :oo
Just did!
Duke is our
City of Carlsbad, CA, is withholding solar construction details. We're engaged with them, though, to fix this problem.
you should use Lennons real quotes. he has enough to fill our feed w his brilliance. stop using his face for your agenda
yes please! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
mind me...just screaming for your attention...hahaha..b safe out there
Education podcast with , & What do we want education to be?
I'm 5 minutes into the first episode of Downton Abbey and I don't get it.
Always happy to be listed with
Just watched the segment from In a Pit With a Lion in small group this week and just drove by Einstein. Way cool!
Shocked that you felt it, too! We're in Va Beach -- had to have been an earthquake, right?!?
shred shred shred away
Dear Stomach, Please forgive me for the pain I am about to bestow upon the
do you like geese?
Bitches think its okay to be hoes cause they in another state, shit come around here with that shit.
wtf man, you came to tennessee and didn't even say what's up.
Hello move out the way ! HOE
Wrong! Can't block someone from walking on/paying. RT " But Penn State didn't block (Chambliss), which they could have"
If God doesn't answer your prayer, He knows you can handle it alone
I'm not sure if I fully understand your question.
The #Orioles beat the #Yankees again... Now I just need the #caps to make my evening!
This is interesting. #NFL so much for getting down.
Thanks for finding WW BRoy D Shirts!
I haven't wasted nearly enough time today.
BTW - is a fab resource for any biz to who need help on their brand elevator pitch. Great guy and very engaging.
I pray all is well with you and your family,,,,,,,,,,,,,
THE ROCK LOVES FRUITY PEBBLES !
Either way, championship pace. RT Sure, the Mets are 3-0, but their Pythagorean record is only 2-1.
nice RT“: #Austin you want to know the best places to eat anything between two buns? Follow ”
your like
no STEVE BLAKE, NO
You know what I did instead watching the red carpet last night? Disney movies on ABC Family. Lion King, Aladdin. ???? And I loved it!!
Sunny 71 degrees in the middle of Jan down south. Crazy! What's it like in your part of the world?
I like what I like.
yeah mos def hit me up on facebook and message me and we can exchange info :)
although a bit "degrading" but who cares? about 60/week night and 300+ on weekend nights
We tried Sinless #Margarita mix yesterday and it was out of this world! Only 5 calories per serving-ALL #NATURAL !
when you would impress girls with your foursquare skills
Taking a writing breaking. IClipping coupon getting ready for weekend grocery trip. Luv saving money so far saving 42.00 with coupon.
If you try to play me and I find out , i'll play you so hard you'll wish you never looked at me ....
#100,000 strong. Love the concept. Need federal oversight min standards and public reporting to keep Kids safe in China
HAH. Feeling pretty pleased with myself bc I managed to find what seems to be the ONLY tattoo/piercing place in all of DTLA (FYI 7th & Main)
It's Miles Davis case study day for me!
My moms room is covered with clothes & shoes u cant even walk on 1 side of the bed lol
The last episode of #LegendofKorra was so good, I had to watch it again before bed. Night all!
Last day at the Ranch for the year! We close at 2pm today, If you have pressing business, call us before then! 505-471-2261.
I get why youtube makes me watch commercials, but when I'm waiting to see a trailer, I'm watching a commercial to see a commercial.
It's amazing how much renewed energy you can feel after a new client falls in love with the shop! I'll take One-A-Day please!
lol ok,I think we gone be like on the fourth or fifth row
Everytime my moms phone rings I'm scared it's gonna be that call we don't wanna hear.
So - I'm in week 5 of #P90X - and I decide to start over with P90X+ WOW! Did Interval X Plus tonight. Bring it!
RIP RT Carl Beane, best known as man behind the microphone at Fenway Park, killed in single car crash in Sturbridge, Mass.
I love Glee... you love Glee... we should totally be girlfriends! :-) My names Marshall, nice to meet ya!
Can't pretend not to care
So what if the voting was rigged? Does it really matter?You can't turn back the clock. Be happy for the boyz now and their success.
that's what the open bar is for!
ps... it's tangerine
glad to have you stop by today Miranda, let us know how your experience was
Feel like I'm stuck in an episode of House but no Hugh Laurie w/ smart-ass quips. & no hospital stay. Tests say what's not wrong...
Now I'm curious about the balloons - they were inflated, but not floating. Maybe they add helium later? Use heavy weights?
#webmaster #search news: #Siri is poised to take Apple into #search -- see CNET article:...
On Android with IM+
I have confirmation that I have been cast in a feature film going in production this summer...
#erl12 ILS, discovery, ERM, sub agent all have knowledge bases that you're trying to link up on the title level
unclouded day in NOLA, Time to spin in red convertible, listen to FATS with megNOLA, yay mardi gras!
they all spelled ICONic Boyz wrong
Just check my work schedule and I work on Sundays 'til June 10th. That's a sin.
Well then, here's a Happy Early-Birthday to you!!!
Playing an Irish song in strings and I thought of (:
Hi friends -- Check out the account when you have a sec -- that's where I'm tweeting from these days.
awesome meeting you! Don't sit down!
great lunch today!
@ FIROfficial #thedruginmeisyou is amazing! Can not wait for the album in july
Digital DNA
wondering when the next earthquake will be?
GOODMORNING! Omg! When will it be the day you noticed me? D': Please!
facebook been started to suck
#ThingsNotToSayOnTheFirstDate I just got out of rehab yesterday
To not just use the original industrial techniques, but the original industrial equipment as well next time!
Westview Lady Wildcats Play South Medford for The Oregon State Girls 6A Basketball Championship @ 6:30pm Rose Garden!! GO CATS!!
Incredibly clutch by Matt Kemp. Game could be called any second tied at 1. #Dodgers badly needed a home run and he of course delivers
#sslive New system would recommend alternative drugs when doc filled out online prescription. Doc could take or decline suggestion
bored nothing to do
News of Saturn's demise just adds to the cold, grey and cloudy weather outside.
Smilers are radiating love on Twitter :)
proud to be an american
So corporations are people, but unions aren't? Hm
Very good job, and appropriately done Also, looks dashing in red.
Thank you!
WE WILL FOLLOW EVERYONE BACK IN THE MORNING ITS 03:57 AND WE'RE WATCHING NEVER SAY NEVER!:D. -leanne
Good morning Facebook fans. Stay tuned for our Wednesday Tip of the Week video with Guy Berger which will be up later this morning!
which one?
Hate when they show highlights for teams/players against shitty teams w/ horrible records... Show them kicking a$$ against real competition
sounds pretty good right now!
Spotted: a hipster too cool for the gym. He walked out of Holy Frijoles and started doing a set of pull-ups on a tree branch.
Uh oh, looks like Twitter undergoing changes. Oh well, Happy Birthday, Michael Jordan!
When has your fav gotten two tributes on the same show tho? HA
Playing in this skins game at #Belterra first time out this year
Love it: “: so cold in my office, i'm wearing a cream blanket like a cape and calling it "the gwyneth" #convenientexcuse”
Blog posts published around 11am tend to get the most views
Did Crystall practice?!?
"It'll workout". .yea, sure -___-
Illinois hotel favored by Capone for sale on eBay - Seattle Post Intelligencer
are you talking about 30 rock?
Record Audio: Practice technique/tone on the instrument today & record yourself before & after 10 mins practice. You'll be better!
Sad I missed out this time.
The GLAAD Awards in Los Angeles brought mega star power to the travelling media awards show with celebrities young and old lining up behi
Do* mother fucker -.-
Couldn't have said it any better!!
hello guys
Happy 1st Birthday to my nephew Amar'e. I Love You :-)
NEW YORK MISSES YOU! Hope you have fun! <3
It's 44 BC, you're a powerful man, and your mentor is "Dictator for Life" until you stick a knife in his back. Are you a Hero or Villain?
#ReplaceEminemSongsWithBanana i'm having a banana (i'm having a relapse)
Did he just punch holtby in the face?? That was nuts.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who still listens to erase me! <U+263A>
Shipping out a slew of new orders today!
WEEKLY RECIPES
Crying. Omg
it turns out that you can get the airport 18 minutes before a flight, provided you're willing to knock over 3 old ladies & piss off security
Riding the bike this morning was a failure... got 5 blocks from my house before I realized both tires were flat! :/
Pas de slime rose?
I am watching a "how it's made" on commercial chickens. I am never buying caged eggs again.
Stop with the vague tweeting already! The internetz can't stand it. To?? To???
I really wish that would follow back it would be AMAZING!! He taught me to #NeverSayNever and to #makeachange! i love justin.
thx for warning ... was down for a few winks myself.
Uh well, um. No?
Off to the skating rink<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099>
Happy Holidays! Merry Christmas! Happy Hanukkah! Happy Kwanzaa! Happy New Year!!
“It's not about how2achieve ur dreams, it's about how2lead ur life, If u lead ur life the right way,the karma will take care of itself...
Shout out to my new followers!!
nortons stuff is more annoying than most viruses.
I know the feeling~be with me just bcuz I'm ME ;)
haha I forgot I did that. Good times. Miss you too bff
thank u so very much for ur advice. I'm framing ur tweet.maybe one day ull sign it? I guess I could mail it 2 u so u can.luv bri
that's what Shane Mosley should've done
Grlad to have the option there as a change. Hope you enjoyed.
I did?
check out our site, racenation.com, invite all your friends and start building an online community in your area
When the sun's not shining & u got no love..'s sent from above. He's a dufus & a goofus & a heap'o'mess-his LOLs kill any stress.
“: I hate Shane Victorino.” exactly what I thought.
Awww this one doesn't work :(
Comic People.... Follow ME!!!!... No clue where I'm going, but at least the ride will be fun!
Ya! The championship got a little boring there for a while!
Status: Currently watching some guy on my TL getting his twitter reputation ripped apart by RIP to any respect he ever had lol
#inthe90s R&B music was the shit
yeah I have frisbee Sunday so have to do a Saturday run. Time and location TBD...we can chat tonight at Val's :)
Oh,guys i'm so sad.Nobody support me!Can you support me guys?<U+2665>Some peoples laugh at me because my skin color and they reject me !
gotcha! Thanks!
"class warfare" droppage. everyone do shots!
Cleaning out the closet day. Anyone need a hanger? I only have about 1,000!
“: Got a miniature schnauzer!”/ what did you name it?
Yes, I believe it will be competitive. It's a toss-up. We have more talent, but I worry about Kubiak in a game like this.
When adults focus on DON'T - DON'T - DON'T, kids stop listening.
if im not home by the time justin performs Believe on the voice tomorrow.. i might have a melt down.
Bayern Munich v Real Madrid in 30 min on Fearless prediction: 2-1 Madrid
Glad you like!
haha, indeed, ill keep you posted!
Dayum wtf is up with me today
with you guys, it was so average.If it didn't have Allen's name attached it wouldn't be anywhere near oscars
Expecting a new baby? 4 piece crib set on www.dealshow.com right now!
first at Holidae in be about it
Chillin charging my phone DFW International airport..
RT : Alliance of Angels Pitch Clinic this Thurs w/ Coaching early-stage comps & bringing best deals to angel investors
Up to date with my music and mix tapes now.
I could give you an answer but I doubt you'd like to hear it , LOL
thank you beautiful!!! Was just checking yours!! Thanks for the connect!! Love your style!!
We'll be there! RT Hammerkatz in 's IRON SKETCH. 11pm . We need your votes to win so VOTE OR DIE!
fucking hell... not really what I wanted to end this weird season. ah well,
#49ers who thinks the kick returner dropped 2 balls on pourpose in the Finals game?
I've lived in Florida for years. Before here I lived in Arkansas... eek.
I am not really perfect, in fact far from, yet he stares at me like I am the most perfect woman he has ever seen ;) x
and I are co-PIs, but we have five other collaborators/consultants in place as well.
Oh and P.S. You are highly, HIGHLY featured in episode 3 & 4...get ready to
Hart just went yard off Wainwright! Great start to an awesome day with my daughter at Miller Park.
Congrats and happy birthday! :)
Haven't seen it yet, either. Probably not until next weekend.
we can make that happen ;)
Would love to chat apparel biz opp with you while you're still in LA. Tweet or .
Against all my better judgement, I decided to start a feed exclusively for book thoughts, news & blog updates. So, hello!
Miami I can't tonight smh
RT RT : Don't let the 'nay'-sayers hold you back
u eh got nothin on me
Just mailed out 300 apps to families for Summer Youth Employment opportunities.
Is it rude to ask someone if they are a lesbian?
Last night I hatched plans w/a fellow advocate for an advocacy effort w/ a real potential for failure: fighting the 85th percentile rule
How do you call out the Supreme Court...didnt you read your constitution...we have 3 bodys of legislation Mr Pelosi..i mean Obama
Great job last night!!
Hoping yours have to go through this homeless thing maybe you'll wake up America!!
Hi Marc! Thanks so much for the RT today. Hope your week is off to a great start!
thank you :)
Southwest, I'm over you. Your flight attendants are rude and have bad highlights.
"You better fear me dear, for I am Death. And I'll take that shit you call a life, in a single fucking breath."
Natalie Givans was inspirational as she spoke about integrating her life to fit in all priorities & reminded us not to dance alone at
What a hectic day! I'm so glad to be on this bus home right now!
Thanks for interest an mention on my open journalism project
San Felipes Desert Ridge - TONIGHT - 10pm-2am - 241 MexicanBeer, Tequila, and Jager all night - NO COVER - DJ NOBuDDY in the mix -FREE SHOTS
What up twitter
Thank You x
RT : There really is a magazine called Garden and Gun.
I am getting ready for the rehearsal tomorrow.....
WE WISH YOU AND YOUR FAMILY SEASONS GREETINGS AND A JOYOUS NEW YEAR.
Good Morning #Madison it's going to be another lovely day today what are you looking forward to most about this hump day?
Latest Version of Digital Keystone’s Tools go Live at Novia Financial
WHERE'S MY UNDERWEARRRRD?
Great point as well: "Stepping up when no one else is will is a great way to get noticed" - demystify the technical & tedious
Bought that book 50 Shades of Grey! Excited to read it!
Congrats , , & The Philly Wings campaign on winning the 2012 #SoMeAwards !
Seeiously though I'm gonna fail
Told y'all bitchs y'all want bout dat life! Got beat da fuck up!
same here! RT : I am officially done with graduate school. I'm so happy/sad/excited/terrified/amazed.
Saw JIRO DREAMS OF SUSHI at the ..do not see on an empty stomach will make you very hungry! Haha
Going to do a flash mob in the mall tomorrow ohh yeah Be BREEZY
An optimist stays up until midnight to see the new year in. A pessimist stays up to make sure the old year leaves. ~ Bill Vaughan
...keeping busy! Temp work graphic design gig in Bethesda this week.
Have fun!!
Lea and Micheal, thanks for being there...Micheal, thanks for wanting to kill him. Joseph, if wasnt for ur gift...it be bad. HateLies<3Trust
having an exciting workday!
There you have it. RT : RT : i can't wrap my head around why people think we all want to leave
Lady Antebellum is schilling iced tea because.......?
you know dying easter eggs would be a #CuteDate well, i think so at least.
oh my god, first time seeing jaymee sire in HD. her NOSE has a NOSE!
SO MANY TWEENS.
headg home from Sac, CA after a great 3 days at the UWGS. What a great symposium to connect innovation in the wine industry.
smooth str8 truth
Can't stand the smell of cooking greens
Ugh.. I really want tickets!!
This is the reason I scoff at fans and players who complain that the game is getting "soft."
FUCK TWITTER too many things to do on it!
Swine ass niggas
lololol, what's coming out of your mouth is total bullshit.
Hey Fellas.. You ever Fuck a Fat Chick in her Belly Button hole? Was it good? I'm just askin for my Homeboy thats gone try it!
Twitter Facebook join me super hakeem and my brand if I eat u eat let's make it happen
And cue the mass RIP Dick Clark tweets. Personally, I didn't know the guy, but it is sad to see him go.
I'm so creative with contact names. Like if I had 's number I would put bow chicka mau mau
your little brother MooMoo is really adorable haha
Yes, I am completely obsessed with that network. LOL.
I was hoping you meant the symbolic Arcadia, although I'm not sure why someone would want to Occupy a utopia
So...Who has an "In" at ? I can barter design & social media skills for access to awesome 9/19 tixs!
Pssttt... 1/2 off all drinks and appetizers TONIGHT at 4th Street Patio!
I wish I was at #coachella but I'm grateful for 2 shoots this weekend! One in-studio (acting) and one on location (hosting) Rise and grind!!
Hey Everyone! Pre-Order that album! Its so gnarly!! and buy some while your at it
Thanks for that Sony link, it/s cool!!
Had a notion that 's poetry book RUMORED ANIMALS was more about visual art than it is, but it's a lovely bit of writing nonetheless.
haha I just listen to it in class and blast in in the hallways and ppl be like WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH U OLIVIA!!
Please explain why sharing the same book editor is an issue.
My fave song is "Your love will never change" By Dave Barnes.
Reading an awesome book called "Caffeine for the Creative Mind". It has 250 strange exercises that are supposed to work. WTH, I'll try em.
thanks - I hope so too!
Lombardi's! 32 Spring Street right between Little Italy and Soho!
ALL IN program is getting into an end, lets give an applause to this year fellows
you coming?
Wonder if there's a way to tell Xcode my iPad pin and it can auto-unlock the device when deploying??
cant believe I gave my mom my fone an she dare to hack my page oh really u ain't gettin off just lik dat I got yhu
For the record, I'm still on that shit.
you going to verb weight room?
If she's 9, you might as well buy any card and then add a big glittery #9 to it. Frankly that would be awesome.
the only way that u will have a Takeo then is if u rail a japanese guy, UB is a good place to look.
Is Rihanna channeling her inner Axel Rose?
Anyways, i got to go :) Lexi says hi! Haha.
Review: Fascinating & intriguing story. Started at about 9 PM. Big mistake. HAD to finish it. Good thing I'm retired & could sleep in!
yea I think so I bruised my collar bone and I read up on it, and it said it usually takes 1-2 weeks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Be sure to taste your words before you spit them out.
Congrats from class of '73!
that's wsup!
The contempt Cons have for Cdns & electoral process is sickening. It's beyond politics and shows lack of core principles
Welcome to CO! For work or for fun?
Good. Took a lil break to Focus... Im focused.
So Ready to audition for Bad Girls Club TRUST ME I WILL REPRESENT CHARLOTTE!!! Kendra didn't do the job right lol but I WILL!!
Always believe
Anything like Tom Cruise's character in Magnolia? That's a show we'd love to produce at the Testosterone Festival...
Just because you can pierce something, doesn't always mean you should.
Is that official? I heard he has applied to both CM and BCH and Denis Tobin said he is not enrolled there as of yet.
ha! Well I always thought driving there was a pain. No interstate system and stop lights every few blocks!
Hi Johann. nxdom is 503 right now. Do you know when it will be available again?
I find it so funny how elderly people eat! :)
Key Lime Pie - Vanilla Cake, Key Lime cheesecake buttercream, graham cracker crumbs and a candy lime slice
Stepping away. Prayers to Mr. Seau's family and friends, San Diegans, and to all who have been affected by/are still wrestling with suicide.
When are you going to start charging for plays?!? Ha ha!
I hope he comes in last #Lefty RT : Masters
Thanks. Right back at you.
i cant figure out how to respond to your tumblr message b.c. tumbleys turned all myspace like and its gey D:
Sometimes the words said by the mouth, are not the thoughts said by the heart.
Fangirl mode activated.
Dawg My play list will fuck yo play list up..
Fun to see more than just the heads of all the cool people I follow on twitter!! :)
is killin the competion this sumer get the Fuck out his way. #purple&black
Pondering diverse data set schema/navigation issues using Apache Solr. IDEO's maxim, "fail faster to succeed sooner" is beckoning us. Help!!
I miss at the bench!
Wishing you lived in New York, LA or Miami, because Austin is ALWAYS there.
Hope you had your car in the Garage!!
Heading to Gus for finals
Tell me if I'm off base. We all hated Modell around here. But going after him didn't get our team back. We went after the league
thanks for helping my girl move! She said you were extremely helpful with her shoe collection :)
That moment when you wake up at 4am and wonder....What the hell happened to my pillow? -_-
Everything is funny with enough distance.
Bring your keiki to the Easter Egg hunt at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday, April 23! Keiki entertainment and games. Good fun for the keiki!
Next time you are hungry we would love to feed ya!
I can already tell that this gonna be a bad day saten is trying to ruin my day because I am trying to tlk to god to get things right
Hey Yall it's The Co-Owner of here follow me. Help us get the ICONic Boyz here in Chi-Town (Chicago)
Lots of updates from the SGA meeting last night, but students can now use TTU Dining Bucks at the United Spirit Arena! We hope...
y did she come out to the rumble
always manages to plan things right in the middle of my work shift =\
Thanks for the follow , good luck with An Adult Evening of Shel Silverstein!
you are gonna have a blast , dance your ass off ahah , i was gonna go today but no lol
I think also wrote something similar, & better, about his own Romney conversion. I don't have the link, but I'm sure he does
lol ikr sorry, started working nd really haven't been messin wit anyone
we want to book you for an appointment in the Pit to see our secret sauce of cool...morning or lunch?
whats going on ?
I think Heery is casting. Miss ya much mama. Let me know. I might be back there for a few days in July also.
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW AND TELL HIM SENT YOU ! PLEASE :)
Worn out!
Thank you so much to that incredible crowd last night for bringing such AMAZING energy! Catch you tonight at the Independent!
aww thank you, hon.
Yea! RT : making dozens of duct tape feathers for the Duct Tape Ball!
all these people talking about sweden is making me want swedish fish asdfghjklgdsasfhj
Lunch and dinner on Beacon Hill. Great to be back in Boston!
...I think the goal is about exposing collections versus access ...
Just had the worst experience at they kicked us out of table for not ordering entrees within 20 mins (app and drinks not enuf)
I agreed RT Q6 I think more ppl will start caring when it's finally implemented. For now, though, talk is just talk.
Gr8t Q. RT : RT : Rarely asked, know what youre getting into. RT : Why is the position open?
The real winner here is each and every vegetarian restaurant in the D.C. area.
for all you did for Rip City. This should not have happened.
Thanks for sharing our news!
Biggie "Give Me the Loop" x's2 Im a Bad Boy!!!
Romney unsure what to do on Afghanistan. I bet if you hand him a bankruptcy filing form and his share of the cut, he'll know what to do.
Did you find a new publisher?
OMG super excited #Bigrichtexas at 9!!(: great way to end the night
thanks for the RTs! Any luck with the new camera choice?
I feel like i aced that test
I didn't realize you had such power over the weather.
she won't be running with me until she's old enough for her rabies shot (4 mos). yeah, she's so cute I can't stand it.
Not sure. R u going 2 b there ? It's no fun 4 me w/out u & 2gether RT : cool..you coming to Stadium Thurs?
exactly. Woz chocking is an upper resp prob. Pathetic. Its sad when players do not accept defeat like a win
If you accept it's advantages you must live up to it's expectations. #YITBOS #DeltaSig (via )
Lmao RT : Nuggets will pick n roll their way into a mismatch, then go one on one.
. I only follow you for your Math advice :)// Oh, you poor thing!
The dryer broke!
I came across one more..
Happy #FF on this gorgeous sunny day!
Vice Versa => The positions being reversed
You just earned your own BIG commercial tonight, CJ! Clutch doesn't even begin to describe you balling out tonight!
b/c you cant open carry in your car..... that would be concealing the weapon.
Want #HR Software&Kindle Fire? Schedule a 1on1 LIVE demo of ATS & be entered into the Kindle Fire Raffle! Call (732) 847-1941 now!
Curbs in kush is out
Shout outs to , , TY for mentions! Back online now and trying to play catch up!
With at #WaPoAU journalism event!
searching the 138-year archive of Popular Science magazine and it is wonderful.
good day to u brother RT : Good Morning, Good Afternoon And Good Evening :) Its A New Day
says 1 person can make difference when u work from assets, not deficits & create high quality interactions/connections
Happy Saturday, lovelies. Doing any #Milwaukee #wedding planning this weekend? Let us know if you need ideas!
I already miss the siesta. Good afternoon Salzurg.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 26
Yeah ok..
"Genetics and privacy" at john hawks weblog () - "'Privacy advocates' seem like they're living in the 1980's"
I don't think Billy Cundiff can ride back on the plane with the rest of the team. That nigga better take grey hound. Lol
Wake up early every fuckin day =
Get loud mothafucka!
Registered sex offender in Moultrie Co. arrested twice in one week. Details at 5pm on WAND.
don't you owe me breakfast? Or was it a shout out? I can't remember..Any day in Boston is great
V for Victory!
now listening to blah. :/ i miss him </3
What does call you if you dare bring up national debt: RACIST!
LEAVING TEW GO BACK TEW MIAMI NEWYORK JUST NOT WORKING OUT FAH MEH FUCK THIS STATE PORK N BEANS PROJECTS WERE IM AT IN ABOUT 24 MO HOURS
Thank you Vanessa.
Policies should improve infrastructure and tackle social, economic, cultural + legal factors inhibiting walking and cycling
Already inspired by the work of and we are still on the #COFLA site visit bus!
awesome.... you sure are in my league!
ha. shaaadup! :P
what do you think of me? :o oh and did you know I miss you?<3 A-I think your amazing because your always there for me and I love you(:
is so underrated
Hope you feel better soon.
good one
Thank you :)_
probably the wherecamp cupcake map. #omnomnom oh, that's not what you were talking about?
Thanks Kira! #Austin is beautiful yr round (except in the summr ;-) come #slack with us anytm
girl you don't need an invitation ... You're going regardless if you can or not ! No permission asked (;
ew don't remind me
both, actually haha
Woke up with some clarity... Finally feeling like all my random interests can be woven into a master plan.
Happy Birthday April babies. Your birthstone is diamond (You lucky girls!!). Keep that diamond looking as good as the day you received it.
Down to 100 emails to go through after going through hundreds because I was out last week on vacation.
ok girl!! I'll def be in touch hahah
Dear girl at the bar, You are in love with a gay man. He has been embraced his friend 8 times at the bar. You twice.
Share us with your followers!!!!!
I have no doubt that the first broken bone would be due to my daughter telling him to go big or go home.
thanks for the RT's this week, and have a great Mother's Day!!!
Paella Day and Quirky Country Music
Why Wont it Stop
thank you for making it out!
Life isnt always fair when you play by the rules
Branyan is playing for the Yankees Triple A team I believe
going to the sauna today and steam always good on a sunday real relaxing i need it for sure
is in, as long as I'm free.
Hi! I'll check and see what's up with housing.I know we're definitely looking for a car if you hear of anything!(:
well look at that, i've got a standup routine. Time to polish it.
Fire is catching, and if we burn, you burn with us.
Glad you enjoyed yourself We will see you around soon!
Kevin, that was so funny.
I HATE YOU RT I've slept my way through this whole day:)
Oh, gotcha. Haha I love Sprinkles, I was just trying to branch out! Maybe I'll just go with that though. Thanks for the help! :)
Almost time 4 fastest hour in radio! Hoopsworld Bill Ingram, OU Insider James Hale and Husker great Jason Peter join Elissa Walker Campbell
Selling & Marketing topics
Looks promising to me. That would be so great. I'm running out of gummy penguins.
volcano city!!!! I'm envious right now…be careful of hot lava please.
We do! Don't forget Soror Robin!
you noticed that too lol
my bad! good stuff
Probably about ticket sales
If you supposedly dont know me, why would you follow a stranger on twitter
RT Those occasional moments that make you miss being in a relationship..
leta go rangers
#BandsILove Young The Giant.
We're very happy to have you!
You lied through your teeth and for that, Fuck your feelings
Joe Hite on the keys tonight! Stop in for some great cocktails & great music!
thanks for the RT.
#GreatnessIs is persistence during tough times.
About to skate
thanks everyone! glad you are enjoying the music.
way cool...own e-q6 so was wondering about how it linked in w/that program will look out for your amy butler post tomorrow
And you did bash teachers today. You may not have meant to, it may not be how you feel, but you did.
& we'd love to recommend a place for your staycation, guess who we're gonna say? ;)
listening to a lot of sonar rhythms - both from underwater and outer space... shall they be fish, aliens, or a combination of both ;)
You actually had me believing in you, believing in us.
Can you sign the demo CD?!
Big night for #NY .. Let's go #Game6 Let's go
Had a great practice with drummer Patrick O'Brien...I guess we're not completely all-girl, now. AND he has a practice space! ding-ding-ding!
what about tomorrow? We could set something up then.
OMG STOP I FREAKIN LOVE HIM
De La Garza is begining to annoy me.
I got my red bottom J's thanks to who is a str8 G!!!
alright Ill deff let you know, and I'm down for the beach saturday but gotta leave early because I gotta go to orlando w ...
We loved it too !
RT : Egyptians who cast their votes at the Egyptian Consulate in NYC till today 13:00 hrs. are 210.
What about Tweetdeck makes it better than straight Twitter?
Need food now
. infographic actually from the great folks at #dontlitmussume ;-)
You can and you should.
I hope all my peoples are staying hydrated in this crazy heat!!! Don't underestimate it!
did u do mines yet ? # 433 Q:what's the best thing you like about Miami ? :D
You can access the site through the dashboard, and you can deactivate with the same switch if needed.
Would rather eat snails than rewrite this 1st chapter. Errrrgh.
10:39pm isn't that honky-code for brownie time? Works for me. O_o
You are mine, I am yours Lets not fuck around.
Hope you enjoyed the evening! If you have any great pics, post on our Facebook page!
Muenster House
You're missing out.
Root beer is good.
Cindy omg
yo girl want my dreads...
I hate everyone right now.
So would the first night game be played today at Michigan instead of next week? We will find out soon.
I want
Arlo Guthrie and HANSON singing I Ain't Gonna Be Treated This Way at the Brady Theater! Woody Guthrie Centennial!!!
yes on sabonis
Nate Marialke Band @ The Big Ticket Festival Friday June 15th @ high noon. Who's coming?
"Run to the Roar" wise words from Mr. Allen Shamblin
The bad thing about a crush is your heart will be crushed in the end....(Did I say that right???...nah,whatever.You get what I mean.)
lololol jesus grace...
I have work in two hours lol no Big :)
Floored by the number of who have told me they met their spouses/best friends at The Junction. Love hearing these stories.
Thanks Toni GIRL! ;)
Have finally caught up to the current episode of 30 Rock. Took about 6 months, but we did it. Wish there was a word for that.
Have to agree that a good haircut does wonders for the soul. Happy bday!
Alright Folks.....Friday night show is in Cocoa Beach and Saturday in Melbourne......Its gonna be a great weekend!
&& that's fine, because #Celtics will win the series!!!
wait till u see what I've been up to this wknd ... had a session plus I worked today with another client
MY BABY IS COMING HOME TOMORROW!!
but it's bothering me... That's my only problem w/ Lin
glad I could do so
- re: www.fuseboxtheatre.com redesign. Lots of good reasons for the change, happy to share if you are interested
I have the day off and nothing to do. yet again
almost over! I took a week extension on my last paper. That's it, though!!
Then, when you realize that you never truly wanted them, it was just mere fascination.
This is some ole bullshit -_-
Let's see what I can hustle her into buying me lol
The First Social Olympics and , with and
Do you know about Ramen noodles? Everything in the package is only $0.25!
All praises be to god each and every day
oh you only gah talk if you want to right
If you claim to be a victim the universe will treat you like one. If you claim to be a fool the universe will treat you like one.
beautiful writing!
good luck <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
so bad, but... no wifi!
my uncle just said he wants to take me to Hershey for another concert. Someone needs to go there.
i binge when im stressed out. hence why i just ate a huge ass meal and my stomach still feels empty. i think it went straight to my thighs
Back home to Denver 2day, seeing south 2night. Great way to unwind!
We never really grow up; we only learn how to act in public.
RT : RT : Paternity test pending, I'm confident that Pauly Shore is The Situation's dad
it's ok I don't either
Unilateral divorce decreases the bargaining power of men who want their marriage to last & hasn't done anything to contribute to it's demise
sick glasses yo
Wow Memphis is putting up a really good game! Did NOT expect that but also love that the underdog is leading
i loved HOW TO LIVE by the way
Happy 100th Anniversary ! Here's to 100 more!
ooh, perhaps a rebranding of Death Spiral is in order!
Austin doesn't even look like him in his last picture..
MTV’s “MADE” visits campus
I wear the same shit to school because I'm lazy and sleepy and I just don't give a damn
work work work!!!!!! then the marlins game tonight!!!!!
love ya gf
has been spotted at #health2con sporting a jacket from
What are you waiting for? RT : Anxiously waiting.......... :/
i love u G. With all my heart and i will always save u even if it means i die.ill be ur dashing knight u'll be my princess
I have never seen so many fucking scum bags in my life! There had to be 4500 people there and there were only about 7 girls that were hot!
And I'm pretty sure licking is allowed. #AnythingGoes Ha!
Recipe: Slice country bread. Put roasted tomatoes and olives on it. Eat.
I see one on Barron just east of Lamar a couple of times a week. Flip 'em off and drive on!
Hi! -- glad you're listening!
me too
I'm beyond pissed at this point
Be thankful for challenges in life, gain strength in the process.
when are you all out?
Eggfast OSU peeps: Eggfast will be closed from 3pm-11pm today 2/22 for the Eggfast Christmas Party. We like to really milk Christmas....
There'll come a day when you can laugh back at people who laugh at you today.
goodbye from cVillain
luckily you can duck into the mall for a fashionable I <3 DCFBIGOUSA hat.
TODAY: reveals the treasures discovered spelunking in 's Photo Archive. bit.ly/nOqlyd
T minus six days until the husband heads to Virginia Beach for six months.
Mr. Fuji. He always interfered with some crazy mist or bashed people with his cane and he was like 104 years old.
Ready to start on my 3rd huge painting for Beijing. Talk about working under a deadline!
New Secret Service policy: "Get a job, lose a job!"
RT : Increasingly your network is going to be you net-WORTH.
My man! RT : No pain, No reign
#FF lots of info here people!!!!!
It's ok I wasnt doing anything
Friends Still waiting Follow me and get My followers all are back followers
#AtABlackChurch you will see people with hangovers.
the NBA union is getting played, if the owners are locking out the players, then the union needs to let the owners explain that,
Dammit. Sequence. Take my class so you understand. There, I feel better.
Thank you. I thought I was the only one who wasn't able to follow some of this
today is my birthday it would mean so much if you said happy birthday (: .
My twitter followers know nothing about me. My name is Conor Lynch, and I make art.
want to study abroad in Israel?! come to the info session from 7:30 to 8:30 at Hillel tonight!
Don't let anyone tell you you're not beautiful. Everyone is beautiful. <3
it's like pictionary!
I have to see what it is about... That is too funny..=D.. I wonder if it is a ultra-violent Mortal Combat style ..;-)
I dont wanna be your best your longest or your anything i just want to be you EVERYTHING and your last!!!
..rewarding" -John wooden
chix 1st time on grass w/me as protective mother hen. they have gd skills!, scratch,peck,try to hide when a dog barks nearby. vry cute!
Cut myself shaving lol
": What just happend" agreed.
I believe I've found my home in Vegas they cannot then down this offer they just can't
if i joined Bieber fever but i got the light pckage, i cant get presale tickets?
I don't what u r on here for but SMG is bout to set it off www.whoistrillogy.com
New month, new goals! Tweet me what you want to accomplish in April!
Brotherhood. That's all I gotta say
Throat is hurting like crazy! It's so bad I can't even sleep!
Thanks for the new likes, everyone! We appreciate the support! We're 14 months old and going strong!! :)
you are truly blessed with pure comedy every time I watch repo's I'm on the floor with laughter
learning some new social media skills. :)
Its so damn frustrating when a super simple design is getting the best of me! GRRRR
it wasn't even on she was just singing it
struggling with snowflakes potty training.
Aw thanks!
Thanks for following me!
lmaoo but issa looks better that him
School shit for now
personally, i think harmonicas are really sexy and they do not get played nearly enough in music.
Our crazy messed up brains aotomatically feel atracted to them... weather we like it or not
you can see a lot of beautiful Brancusi at
I would Give Grandpa's Great Green Gorilla Gold Glasses for a 32GB right now!
13 weeks ago today we announced #ExtremeReunion . Today we are just 2 weeks away! This gonna be huge!!! 4/28 Philadelphia, PA!
Oh sorry, I thought I had! The main website isn't showing any posts - or is it just the phone?
Less than a hour until the BET Awards. I cant wait to see Kevin Hart.
haha! I need something because I can't grow one on my own...
Coasting through the rest of work until my weekend starts.
It's a very effective tactic!
Yes, I would like to see it if you're going.....?
Still working.
80 Golden #AEDs found so far, which means that you still have several weeks to find the other 120, worth $6,000!
Who the heck is Nick Perry???
Have a combo ticket to Fiesta & Balloon Museum? Bring it to the Museum Oct 1-9 to get scanned & we'll enter you in a prize drawing!
A big high-five to everyone who came to the Ball last night! Great costumes!!!
does anyone have a ticket they're not using for tonight's signature event? it sold out in the time i tried to buy one. : (
I am going to be training my employees for the expo. It would be great if you guys had some questions that you think would be asked there.
I have to hand it to ya i would never punch a fire extinguisher
I meant to add: credit that sounds a lot like an insult. I used to encounter that all the time.
Both the wifi and the overhead light are broken on this bolt bus. Hoping to at least eavesdrop on something interesting.
it was the best feeling ever. I just mighty try to purchase one
And we're going to the Sweet 16!!! I love you
Does anyone know what Aardvarks like to eat on their pizza? (Antchovies)
I just bought 5 years worth of fig newtons, lube and mac and cheese at Costco.
oh alright that's fine! I'll show you the worksheet I need tomorrow in class :)
No, just those 2 spots, since my husband is there for work.
Coffee shop at 17th & K is playing Christmas music.
Waiting paid off! The price for tickets to PHL -> JAX dropped back down near $200 again. I <3 southwest.
you are quite very attractive! o.o :)
... a strict diet of candy and bread should do the trick!
Watching TMZ Live.
Just got a postcard reminder about the Midtown Wine& Jazz mixer! Dec 1, 5:30-7:30 at Kennedy Gallery. Can't wait!
Our thoughts go out to max from 's family and friends. RIP
Just bc I rented a horror movie called Dead Clowns they don't have to only include trailers of other clown horror films. I'm afraid of mimes
lololol how old are you?
so glad you enjoyed it- thanks for coming!
take the circulator PROBLEM SOLVED OH YEAH
Frankly, fashionista Dallas cyclists de facto encourage this perception. Cycling shouldn't only be about purty, woodsy trails.
WOW!!! RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: ‘Avatar’ Wins Best Motion Picture, Drama, at the Golden Globes
The secondary played like they did 4 years ago. Lazy and like they were not interested.
Taking the kiddos to for the first time this weekend! Any tips?
We're filming in a sketchy part of town, so I parked in a gated neighborhood and then climbed the fence to get to set!
Had a good time handing out candy. Saw some good costumes!
miss you :)
Dog with mohawk! Pictures please! I shave one of our cats in a Lion Cut every summer - he looks dignified afterwards, sort of
Big ups to JL team MT : BC of you we raised almost $20k in just one month, lead in overall $$$, and have the most COH!
wait till there's an accident the whole roads going to be closed it's so stupid. And cops being everywhere makes things slower
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Lady Gaga is not my queen...Cher is, duh!
just made me run in the cold rain with him. Neither one of us are avid runners...
Omg... "Tatooed Heart"... I'm literally shaking.. I need to hear it all!
Why are so many ppl talking shit about Anthony Davis? Oh I know why because they are small minded and jealous & probably Duke fans.
OW GUYS OW I JUST RIPPED ME EARRING OUT
thanks for the RT!
Anthony Davis AUTOGRAPH SESSION is May 10 from 5-8 pm EST DETAILS COMING
RT : Good old fashioned customer service still exists, people! Apparently you just have to deal with local businesses to get it.
As Kevin Hart says " It's about to go down" my baby is on the way!!! Go Go.... Get it Get it!!!!
everything gets better over time
just found on twitter. How did I not know this existed? I <3 #Cision (so much I married it)
listening to mixes with our producer Alex...this EP is getting close to finished!
Re-watching 'Lost' on netflix. Such an awesome show.
Congrats to on his new job at
oh my gosh I'm having the same problem! Can't deny it- I've got a cold.. uh!
I like kangaroos
ask mr rashad about being a camp coach at the dave wilcox football camp back in the 70's.
oh cherry spark... good morning!
Set your DVR, tell your friends & call your momma ! Great story on 's "Last Day at Lambeau" - tonight on at 9:00 !
Hey, I'm a girl. I ignore nice guys, chase ass holes, and then complain about it.
Just feel like riding around but there is no where to go
LOL. Sorry. Make sure you come out if you can ^_^. BTW, if you know of any places in Jerz, I'm more than willing to come there too
I actually wanted to go to school-_-
great music!
": Hoping my nighttime meds don't kick in until after #walkingdead... Until then, on the couch with tea and a book!” Feel better! x
why her breast skin look like a raw piece of chicken?
Man aint shit to do in STL know more
Got so sunburned hanging out at the greek theatre today...
Hey Vince, Many thanks for following me on Twitter.
#SDSU #Aztecs enter ESPN/USA Today Coaches Poll at #25. This means their highlights will now be on ESPN. Waiting on AP.
lol so I think the answer is yes hahaha otherwise we are gonna be packed like tuna
follow me :)
It's raining. It's pouring. And with this headache I've got, soon, I'll be snoring.
Whut up to went clubbing last night and still went in to work this morn at 5am.
You're Welcome :)
m nice
Official Jet Blue hater 6pm flt delayed till 11pm reason: insufficient equip and crew REALLY!?
Could miss minaj get any more strange? Probably.
That awkward moment when you wonder if someone is preggo, but you don't want to ask them for fear that they're not. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Kristen Bell is finally fully vegan! I care about this so much more than I should.
she can only live for the moment why i`ll never now it guess i meet her ryte back at start
Additional 20% OFF entire stock of RED TAG APPARELL, AND Additional 20% OFF entire stock of Sale Tagged Footwear TOMORROW 4-26-12
RT : RT : RT : I'm putting member of Future of Information Alliance on my CV
Has anyone has success in social media translating to sales? It is just a tool... you still need to do the work. Service is huge!!
next friday's game.
grounded for not cleaning my room right? mom your effin dumb
How many of you have an #OU shirt on right now?
We'll be selecting our "Fan of the Week" shortly -- Who wants to win this week?
" : I will announce #mahonetothewestcoast date in LA by Fri." THIS MADE MY LIFE OMGOMGOMG SOO EXCITED!
Silly girl, pride kills more than aids lately.
How did I just break my iPhone ? 3rd one to go. It wasn't me, it was the phone. It tried commiting suicide, and it succeded. Hallelujah.
It's only Tuesday and it's already been a crazy week. In a good way, but crazy nonetheless.
I would give up a year of my life to meet him
How can i add my twitter threads to my website?
I love my glass dessert stands, but sadly they break *sigh*
Just because you can do something doesn't always mean you should.
Keeping a diary of what I eat... I seriously need to work hard with this new trainer. ...
O thanks(:
Had a great day at Indiana. Thank you SBCIU!
What was the attendance?
Staring at my computer screen, telling other people what work to do, pretty good I would say!
im in home!! hahah beacuse i dont go to school! jelly?
I would rather go blind boy then to see you walk away from me.
I can't believe it either.
/ I must admit, sometimes I sneak up on my alarm clock and scream, "how does it feel _____." - Will Farrell lololol
TY for the follow. You guys have some great work.
I need your magic touch
I hope Direct TV forgets to flip the switch on this MLB package...but if the do, I might have to fork over the two bills for it!
found a letter I wrote & sent to my soph yr weight training prof as a sarcastic plea not 2 fail me for oversleeping. I got an A-
This pussy clean this pussy squeaky, That pussy old that pussy creaky
Y'all Gonna Be In The Same Boat. I Didn't Expect Them To Win The Championship This Year.
You a stupid hoe. !
he's a lot better than tebow
Lil do they know.. I think about everything..
were you able to find any news on that scary helicopter last night? If they found the guys they were looking for?
Sat prep is cancelled ;D
“If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader.” - John Quincy Adams
hahaaha , chill No need too get jealous
I'm excited to watch the Miss America Pageant - don't laugh - Miss Texas is our client. (have to switch to football during commercials...)
Happy Saturday!!! :)
thank you so much for following me ! Love you guys so much<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
idk I have to see her
I don't work Fridays anymore dummy
just like you ;)
Whiffs of panic. Whiffs. of. panic.
RT : Be sure to tune in 2nite on WeTV to catch the PREMIER OF 's new reality show! You DO NOT wanna miss it!
so i just saw the dis Why Black Men dont date black women. Im not angry but more disturbed by the black male in the video.
Spending the week in Louisville for a Leader's meeting.
In control of everything except the luck factor, which is the predominant variable, that is.
I am shockingly bored. Vegas this aint.
I'm proud of all the seniors that are graduating on time ! (:
Thursday Healing Circle was really Awesome! Many wonderful healings with wonderful people!!!
very mysterious...
Yes will absolutely be in Austin for #sxsw Interactive and Music! Will you be in town?
GO COWBOYS! Get 'em
I forgot to tell you how much I like your blog "Bloing into Brickell"! We are following you now!
nothing, never mind.
I just saw a picture of the mcdonalds guy getting arrested and he said, "she said she was hungry, so I gave her a mcdick" lmao
I must admit, everytime I see you tweet to "Maureen Johnson", I giggle a little to myself.
then what? :P
iPhoneSlutz welcome guest iphone app developers Forkfly today - live at 10am pacific - www.iphoneslutz.com
That's exactly why I don't listen to sports radio. A bunch of Armchair GMs think they can do a better job. HA!
nahh i don't wanna hear that shit. you saw the replay. Beckham fucking tagged his ass with an Urlacher tackle
#WorstFeeling ever being at work on a Friday and knowing you can't leave until 5.30pm, even more #WorstFeeling than that, comin back monday!
Its going down Sunday. Im going for heads
First Knock of the night!
#IslamTaughtMe nothing. I'm Catholic...
she'd rock Jace in a fight. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
The Bakken gets brainy in November with our new exhibit. Stay tuned for more details!
Who was your greatest mentor?
Had the most amazing time at prom with <3
HI LAUREN!!!(: I haven't talked to you in FOREVER!
It is not the ignorant of writing but the one ignorant of photography who will be the illiterate of the future. - Moholy-Nagy
started #gsprushfit today...took iit easy, dont want to blow anything out on this old body, working up to hardcore ;)
website and app seem to be loading quite slowly today. Known issue?
Thanks alot - This rematch on ESPN3 with Moneymaker is good, I should be out grinding cash games. I can't get out of the Lazy Boy.
hope u have a speedy recovery ur by far one of my favorite players in the game today
Fuckin heat are dunzo! This is not good! wtf ?!
I will text you it today :)
#UCFF The crew
Official: Winning lottery ticket sold in Maryland. Guess I'll go to work today.
looks like a fascinating project!
If you're down with OPP (Obligatory Passage Point) I'm pretty sure you've never heard of Naughty By Nature.
A little Scarface??
good morning :D
hahahah you're such a nerd bailey. Lol.
I am totally going to check out you theater company! Thanks for the info!!!
It better be during hour 22! I'm sorry, but I hope to be sleeping then...
showing hand!
Keva Juice coming to our open house this Saturday to hand out some goodies. Come check it out 9-12 on the 17th!
Lol yeah I use to do it al the time
BeatMaker2 is $20 but its legit. The other 2 are not too bad.
A wink and that smile? I'm scared...
thanks!!! Just got my first glimpse of the Seattle skyline!
Early a.m. program director's panel at #2011ASA : international collaboration talks all about digital technology.
Happy National #SalvationArmy Week! Today 200 free hotdogs chips and water will be served at the Thrift Store in Santee between 12 & 130
I LUV!! hand warmers!
I saw someone where #sockswithsandles today and nearly died laughing ! (:
Sadly, there was another group who already reserved Nyumburu, so Stamp Friday Showcase will be in the Baltimore Room.
killed that flexin hard remix
ahaha Almost as awesome as running into YOU there! Made my day! :)
Thanks for the RT!
lets start the cuts at the top, with these super-duper salaries and box seats at the National (same ol Expos) Stadium for these public off.
Yep! RT : Have you tweeted for #MKETwestivalCares yet? Help
Happy sunday Funday!!!!
What an amazing day saturday repeat !
Just recovered from a nasty ankle sprain 3 weeks ago, just to crash my bike and sprain my wrist. God farted in my face.
Sometimes people take drugs and need to explore/voice their opinions.
And 2 of those song choices come from the show, judge's and Jimmy's. If Jessica sings "The Prayer", it could be huge.
I'm Serious. Don't Ask Why I'm Following Her Now. lmaoo. Jp Jp
My thoughts exactly. RT : This day went by WAY too fast
double SNAP! I am hooked as well.... just in time for the season finale. LOL
do you model for teen vouge?
Bc if we didn't smile, the staff at #local6 would cry. ;)
Me too! Love they way they serve them in Greece, with a few french fries peeking out. Haven't been in a while. Good gyros?
RT : Noticed a pair of new cars at 30th and Mission today. Good to see more options for car-free folks on this...
at least the mainstream version of
if the question is do I have a man crush on Bryce Harper, the answer is undoubtedly YES
Looking to grow with 10 people to make 5 figures a month within a year's time. Call me now if you're serious 1-646-397-9817
A client is looking for logo designer: vintage, mid century modern/danish modern furniture, lighting & accessories. DM me if interested!
What are you uploading sir?
YOU GUYS DID AMAZING!! Btw I lost my dog and I spotted you guys walking it! I'LL FIND YOU ON FACEBOOK B&$CH
that was last night you loser
Wowee the Twins couldn't be struggling more. Yikes.
IM JUST GLAD THAT I HAVE HIM TO LEAN ON...HE IS SO HANDSOME.... #MWUAH !!!!!
Buffett's secretary - minus side she pays a higher % of taxes than him but on the plus side she got invited to SOTU.
Act your age, please.
Duck hunting with Moe, Larry and Curly! What a morning!
Took my old peeps to a casino today...lost $6, so I put myself in timeout at the bar
Drinking coffee out of my masonic mug and reading #walkingdead recap blogs....like a boss
Thanks for sharing that with us. Great to hear its given you #AudaciousFaith! Have a blessed weekend! ^staff
#EmoryDiSC Signing off to talk to students "face-to-face" or "human-interactive-technology-to-human-interactive-technology." Great chat!
You are tweeting so I am hoping you are well after the Huskie charge. That was quite the workout. Take care. cc:
Oh hey obvious indirect tweet, can I join you? Oh look, it's a party.
I'm so MAD AT YOU PEOPLE!!!! YOU DIDN'T TELL ME!!! And you're lying to everyone else.
When you stop chasing the right things you give the wrong things a chance to catch you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A2>
nope all i know is how to count and buenos diance. and sea.
200 FANS!!!! I don't want to say I put too much weight in numbers but...
RT : New signees coming up for the Mavericks. Listen for details on The Happy Hour at 3 p.m. on sportsradiokc.com
so.. i need car insurance and i have no idea who's really the best to go to. any suggestions? ive talked to esurance and state farm
“: The #know12 audience breathes a sigh of relief and applauds as builds flight tracker app in 6 min”
Q: How does Bill Gates screw in a lightbulb? A: He doesn't. He declares darkness the industry standard.
it's so gross. Don't expectant any poolside shots this week :(
All of my best inspiration comes at 3 am.
u should be use 2 it lol
Is it wrong to ask a blonde haired white man to be john smith because I really want to be Pocahontas
Would like to thank my Illini for giving me one game worth watching this season. Not expecting much against Kansas.
Circa 33 is working on a new space & needs vintage old stitch/hardbound books. Bring 1 in and get a FREE BEER this weekend! 3348 SE Belmont
plEase follow me!!!
come out and buy African material, jewlery, household products @ our WEE Multicultural Showcase 7/30 9-1pm Creek Plaza
?... : The Idol judges always have such great writers. I mean, comments...
doctors with mom. /:
wait pick mention you or just subtweet?
Things happen for a reason, I hate that reason.
no, just 4 me well i created by myself
please listen to Wanted You More by Lady Antebellum. It'd be a great song to do..if we can. Haha
yo what size are you in nfl jerseys for swoosh discount
Feeling very confident about this week. Encourage someone today and spread that love.
twitteando with my friend's
The top three names for female babies born in China last year were Huan Jia and Ethel.
Mineral Pt. Road Pizza Hut lunch buffet. If you want a gut bomb.
cant believe its been two months lol
go for it.
Wait, you mean O'Brien's? I thought you were talking about the 453 project I am working on.
Thank you and Evergreen Community Church, amazing worship. Remember joy that pays the bills.
Q: What does an Xbox 360 and a penis have in common? A: Young boys can play with them all day long!
Today's guest? Ron Alvesteffer from SEI, who worked his way from manager to president of the company in 5 yrs. We can learn a lot from him!
Tic Toc. Hippidy Hop! Our Carrot Cake is the perfect cake that even the Easter Bunny will love.
Thanks Misha, Have A Diamond Day!!!
DT Milwaukee looks like a snow globe that was shaken.
Don't miss historian Terry Beckenbaugh's discussion of the Battle of Wilson's Creek on Aug. 11 at 6:30 Central Branch!
Do you have a Facebook?....Go like the Bleu Magazine Facebook Page!! RT &
come watch
To make me think it was me who was being the fake so clear
what's up
"I hate Austin mahomo" "I hate austin mahoney" ok. as long as you don't hate Austin Mahone.
kno what? bye! I'm going do some work.I need 2 break this addiction that I have with twitter. You all are my drug.and twitter is da supplier
In other countries Doctors, Lawyers and Teachers all have the same status. Somehow we've walked away from that in our country.
Anyway, It's kinda fun to try to catch up on old internet conversations. "Is Girls Funny?" was a big deal. Now (like Louie?), less so.
ready to go full force not gunna let a little thing stop me or distract me
Ok, so if I don´t hear from you I will know exactly what happened...
Office Live Small Business is closed, but customers still grapple with migration
RT Not in OAK yet! RT Brett will not retire, maybe play for another team, San Fran or az or det
Lol! Just fixed it. I was tweeting from my phone and forgot to add your name. I'm always happy to hear you are doing well!
will start writing a new song when I get back. The rain inspires me.
i got in to Gryffindor. But ive always categorized myself as a Hufflepuff. lol.
#Hawks owner fined $35K for calling out officials.
Is this one of those things where something scary pops up while I'm concentrating? Too many times, too many times.
so damn close to takin' the win! So close..
Threw up in my mouth when I heard Taylor Swift would be playing Eponine in the Les Mis movie. Sad day for movie musicals. Horrible choice.
Logan's Run was right, no one should be allowed to live past 30.
hello! Andrew is smarter than me, but don't tell him that.
Watching Twilight!
North Carolina has always been slow in realizing the basic rights of human beings. They were pro-slavery until it was illegal to be.
I'll have to check it out! Very cool
Somewhat old news, but excited to be working now , for #history editor Joyce Seltzer. (Opinions here are mine alone, however.)
Ben Ferris cut his hair. ._.
I only have one song from Alivelectric, which I got as a free download from last.fm.
Who would win in a fight: Car Fox or The General?
Oh no! What happened? Could you email us at so we can try to make it right? Thanks!
I'm still drooling over this year's lineup. So much good stuff with more to come soon (including the comedy lineup)
Oh man. Obama is telling me to go back to school. A challenge? I would like to meet his goal.
Straight day.
its on its way.....cuz south beach is packed right now.
No GET NAKED !! IS THE BEST
s/o to the New Followers aboarding the journey
Super 8 was super awesome!
What a great day! Heard back from Sunday auditions, and was invited to perform in 2 of Spotlight Communicaciones' upcoming productions!
Its Time for the DBACKS to Go back to work Today
Sounds like ur ready for a great race! Stop by & say hi to our Operation Rebound challenged athletes, lookin forward to seeing u
umm gots to go rite now me n him got dah same hair n he want to cute it off well did have dah same hair
Harbaugh doesnt owe anything to Coughlin. I wouldnt shake his hand at all
Excellent blog! I luv good writers!
Feeling the urge to get tatted!
Time to go fishing #SunsAtJazz Hard to believe that we may have just seen Nash play in a Suns uniform for the last time.
Excited to see for the second time tonight the ! I love summer :)
Diamonds on my neck, whiskey on my tongue
Don't think I want anything in return # JUSTSAYING
Seriously though, Rephresh and Vagisil commercials have no place on any channel other than Oxygen, Lifetime, or the Oprah network.
Very true! Nicely said, too.
My condolences to and to Chris Wallace of on the passing of his father, Mike Wallace. I loved his dress shirts!
We're making a new TV commercial today. Ours are usually a little different--- a bit of fun, along with the vehicle details.
The bus driver is dapping everybody as they get on the bus...
Feel good Fridays get me every time Thank you for the shout-out Forever & always... Shade 45 Hip hop Fridays!
“ My Head Hurts And I'm Sleepy.”
For those about to learn, we salute you!
is 6' & FABULOUS & a proud card carrying member of #TEAMTALLGIRLS always rocking heels! Love her! Tall is beautiful people!
Suicide Squeeze is the "new bunt"
Well that woke me up a little
haha ppl for real get butthurt over that
Hmm....the Clipper fans are surprisingly quite tonight; Lob city where you at?
Gary Busey and Ted Haggard on Celebrity Wife Swap. I can't stop myself from watching it. Someone. Pull. Me. Away.
#YouGetPointsIf You Like country music as much as I do.
: too much sushi last night. I have scales and gills! Mesclun salad for lunch today...with chicken! cluck cluck
Keep employees in the know about the company fleet. We’ll add $5 to your account when new biz members follow ! DM us for deets.
Just saw Stevie Wonder in the lobby of the Hyatt Regency, Anaheim.
yes, but i've got ever sniffer going and its not even pulling anything as far as cross-site vun. or even bad code.cache perhaps?
Most situations don't require Miricals...they just require Hard Work!
When you are down on your back, if you can look up, you can get up.~Les Brown
Thanks for RT. Please consider following us.
Chris bosh bitch ass out for the season but fuck dat nigga we don't need em lol #Lebron&Wade
Holiday Specials available at platinumcce.com few dates are open book today!
Thanks for the follow & Lots of #landarch, I like to see that!
#nowfollowing .....cool ass guy wit dope ass sneaker vids
Live each day to the fullest, tomorrow is not promised. God first. Keep It Elegant.
In a perfect world, I'd want to see + join the #Mavs together. Two good dudes
By asking for the impossible obtain the best possible. ~ Italian Proverb
So there's a third voice? Or many?
my throat kills
everyone just wanted that phone cause it looked nice but had shitty battery lmao
Photos from the past two opening receptions are up! Maybe you're in one!
I need to start packing. Tomorrow is going to be a very busy day.
You've been my fav. actress for as long as I can remember "We're the same age".NO new starlette will ever surpass your talent
Jealous of people in a cute relationship.
In 1946, President Harry S. Truman seized control of the nation's railroads, delaying - but not preventing - a threatened strike by
#imagine You:dont mind me if i get weak in the knees cuz u have tht effect on me Austin:& ill be thr to catch you and never let u go -anna
I did return the favor, in my defense. Her butt was...less bony.
I feel like the smell of musk and leather would be similar to that of sweaty biker. Don't know why that hasn't caught on.
Finally hit up Stuckeys, Ying Yang in the thang
To all my tweeps....Luv ya, appreciate ya and enjoy ya!!!!!
I have that issue and she looks absolutely fabulous!
That's not commentary re btw , rather , the brain flaccid imbeciles he must constantly refer back to econ 101.
not funny - not sorry :/
Thanks for all the safe wishes as I head to the Dome. I'll be sure to duck when I see flying objects. ;)
Thanks for the tip! We saw at #entunpluggd and it sounded fantastic - just followed them!
Starting to feel more like a rally than a forum. But people are fired up!!
do something about it! we're about to be over at sol's again!
It feels so weird to be petitioning my elected officials for change but sometimes you have to set your ideology aside to get shit done.
you should text a fan every week from a text app! that would make their day!!
WAKE UP!!!
Relax/enjoy
Good morning and great news! We've partnered with and ! Watch for delivery news soon!
where u at?
It is amazing how many Negative Mean People there are. So unhappy and trying to make everyone around them miserable. Negative Pukers, Throw…
and : Dinner tonight is a trio of kurobuta pork, Sous vide loin and braised shoulder ragout.
Yes, Ignitor the 2nd! RT : You read that correctly, gang. is getting the start against the RHP Kyle Lohse.
I miss oomf.
Dont the #Reds start at 1?
what is the Red Hawk sandwich?
last weekend was busy an this one is going to be here too lol
Thanks 4 comin, its always great 2 hear from youth!
It is Follow Friday! We'd like to shout out to our amazing team #FF & #Pink&Purple coming soon!
The sad thing is that I got it to 92% and then recorded more shows last night. Egads! My DVR begins to stress me out.
GO TO WORK HOE!
Ur as close to Hitch as I am Albert Brenaman “: You can call me Hitch RT Oh is she "perfect" drew? Thanks. ”
WELCOME to twitter !!! It's where all of the cool kids hang out!!! =) is right! Trust him! =)
Rushmore never gets old. Thanks Music Box!
I am very curious about #Kolb's future at this point as Eagle's commit to Vick where do you see him going? My first guess is Washington
I hate #fastFood ... Having 2 deal with it bc 2 hungry
Oh Gellespie field I live in Sand Diego Lucky us!
Ima do me till I die so get used to it
Playing the keys with Kingston Yard Style on Saturday night! Will get details soon. One Love.
I missed it.
Next on the , of the No.1 movie joins us to talk about the his role and the Heat-Knicks series.
Eyes heavy and burning -_-
Be the person the lord intended you to be!
I have been interviewed at 6:00 for a story that aired at 9:00 in the past. I would crack under that kind of time pressure.
My 4-yr old indicates his approval or disapproval by saying "That's a check (yes) or an X (no)" with appropriate gestures.
“Create your own career, instead of letting your company do it for you.”
WHY IS FACEBOOK BEING SO SLOW!???
pls give me all of the funk, thx
I just peed in a urinal in a co-ed bathroom 'cause I could.
Still need to get Downton Abbey first season. I could stop by your new office.
Review: It's a mystery how two authors could get together and create such a readable mystery. Characters are well defined and memorable.
love it!!
Happy Labor Day. I'm thankful to have a job I love and happy to work everyday. Now who's cooking out?
Arguing about whether or not Frito pie is delicious just isn't the same without any Frito pie.
WHERE IS HARVEY DENT!!
What kind of hat is Donald O'Connor/Cosmo wearing?! Oh Cosmo....
We have been seeing more DAs this past week. Tis the season for them ": no DAs since january.. then three the past two days.
the song and video are awesome. Thank you for sending me the link!
#Besto!! What it do
I'm not surprised Scalzi's piece is so hot. I know he isn't either.
Holy fuck, my allergies are horrible.
Exam time! Examine away my little students!
I gotta say... We think the interview on Majik 95.5 and Mix 94.7 this morning was fabulous. Did you hear it? If not, AM 1370 at 7:00 PM.
Are plotting and planning the same thing?
$8 Growler Refills at today!
Cooling misty rain today. My dove friends didn't have their pool party this morning in the birdbath. My tree is heavy with flowers.
Money frees you from doing things you dislike. Since I dislike doing nearly everything, money is handy.
yes! it is my fave
RIP Elizabeth Edwards!
with ashley, silvia, vanessa, & melanie (:
Hammond: We'll look at extension for Jennings. One thing we don't want to do, do things out of necessity...negotiate out of weakness
Actually going to eat during a secret supper
Best corndog and a half eva.
Thanks, Jessica! :)
sometimes it's the type that you need to turn
love it. Put that on my gravestone.
U guys were like fighting over twitter last night.
Since I'm waiting for u, u're not waiting for anyone anywhere.
RT This, But Answer too! Commish asks-"What sports team would u buy if u had a $1 Billion Dollar Bill?" We want to hear your acquisition...
ik bro I just been work in shit I stay up north now
Lets avoid studying at all costs.
'Christopher Walken, I'd tap That' says
WI state senator: "historic school aid reduction in Wisconsin is the second largest per pupil cut in the nation."
Glad to meet you and talk this morning.
Leaving for Warsaw tonight. Excited about going to the site of the Museum of the history of the Jews of Poland.
: #Bulls don't have the horses to win even with Rose. I see that now. Next year is a lost one so let's build for the future.
gonna be smokin at 4:20 to that dirty version of "tatts on my arm" #ambition 11-1-11 CANT WAIT!(bart scott voice)
I meant "bro" but "pro" is better.
I've tweeted absolutely nothing of great significance all week. It's like taking a twitter break... only better
Twix bars really need to pause an awkward moment.
I have a folder full of screen shares I can put in Dropbox for you. Need them?
red, green or Christmas? Good thing to ponder on the walk.
Is this the start of the party for the Party Starter?
Avengers was great! I loved it! I totally sugest you go! Its funny god epic and peoples laughs at the movies were crazy!
Vern, are you prepared to go to that length?
Thank you to everyone who attended IPSA's 2nd Annual Reception
Alejandro is HOT
its very aggravating. We play our differences against each other & in the same breath try to act as though they don't matter.
We have the cutest messages! (:
George Harrison<333
Just killed a spider at McDonalds heading for my food
Retro. RT : I was redirected to a MySpace page today.
Good morning Long Beach!! Long Beach Hydrobike rentals is now accepting reservations! Contact us at 562) 546-2493
ok HOW WELL DO U KNOW ME!! “: PLEASE tell me you're not talking about Barry Manilow AGAIN....”
I know its like i love you but I wanna like kill you at the same time lol
Staaly still signing with just about every team but the Pens also could be traded for the first overall pick.
The topic of todays show is Bullying! Please share your thoughts!
#PCA demi looks good and sounded a little off key but she looks good so hey it balance
At Capitol Ale House for the show and they're playing Pavement on the PA!
now is good
Häagan Dazs is copying Ben & Jerrys by having Free Cone Day today. Next week they will do B&J's flavor naming with The Almond Brother Crunch
": Hey you remember those frat girls?? " whatever the hell their called
beer me!
Woe! I just freaked out cuz i thought gave out his phone number on twitter :O
I don't want your stupid bear!
that would have been great! I do have to go back to work eventually, though. 13 hours down, 2 to go.
ok, so I've been writing ad copy for the past week and I am starting to get a little crazy.
Just finished my upper body workout. I didn't like my stats from yesterday's treadmill workout so, I'm trying out something different again.
Dude snare sound ugly.....
awww omg i want to!!!:)
We've got a great demo today from 11am to 3pm at beautiful ! Come see us and please tweet us some pics. We love Cali!
I worked on a crazy shot in that one for a couple months. I've been able to avoid seeing it so far.
Watched film #Antichrist Beautiful and so fucked up the same time!
you can go to google books and read a bunch of the classics for free.
So looking forward to this summer! :D
Thanks bro!
It has been a fantastic day so far and we hope that our #twitter peeps are experiencing the same!
How can not be the clear favorite for POY?! Had a MAN'S GAME today!!!
Cause i'll cool your ass down if you think you're hot shit.
Now I am :): Are consumers expecting brands to provide easy customer service via mobile platforms?
I bet! It's absolutely insane around here. This is Miss Marple's least favorite holiday. The fireworks terrify her.
Does anyone else have a Steam?
So happy that tomorrows the last day of west test.
Holler if I can help in the future. I'm Nashville. So inspired from my first #Blissdom. Thank you & your team.
can't dispel the sense of purgatorial hopelessness. It's "buhs" all the way down.
aww thank you little one . Love you <U+E328>
Fish frys >> on point
Hater?! RT : I don't see why America need 2 Harry Potter attractions -_-
haha i thought taking your socks off was the best feeling? Lol
#imissyoubut you never learned to read so i had to move on
no atl I moved to union city over the weekend
eating cake wbu
Wow. Is it 2003 again?? LOL
War pigs.
#mommausetosay if you pee in the bed again I'm him make you lay in it
Havent tweeted in a min... Hey world!!
Oh gosh you guys know eacho other so well! Its adorable -__-
Naw u always late. I can't depend on u lol
#YouKnowYouDrunkWhen you take a shit in the sink and then go wash ur hands in the toilet
sorry didn't see the relation
Love you Hines! Thanks for the awesome season. Counting down the days til next 1.
so true! Sometimes I feel just like my kiddos!
why u wearing clothes?? Lol
Sadly yes lol
I was just thinking the same thing... anything is possible.. lets make the impossible possible
better than i know myself
On way back from big easy. Just love early morning flights.
Britain, Britain, Britain. Terry the alleged racist continues to get picked, Downing no goals/assists goes to Euros, King Kenny....bumped.
Everyone should go follow :) why? Because I said so and my word is law!
trying to get this sound quality perfect so i can drop this little vibe for you guys.
RT : See yourself in your ideal business BEFORE you create it. Do what you love & follow your passion. Leave the cookie...
What’s more important to a relationship: common values or other commonalities (like tastes in music, interests, etc.)? What do you think?
Is Cute ;)
I got a B on my Business Law final this morning and an A in the class. Glad that's over with.
Our goal is to see your family happy, healthy and successful.
I'm #notinterested in a fine chick who aiint got a damn thiing to talk about. 411 hoe!!! Yu ain't the only. Good lookiin bitch in LA. WORD!!
You are surrounded by easy, apparent solutions that could dramatically augment your earnings, power, influence and success.
where are you kid
that is so darn excellent! Have an extra one for us!
I predict as one of the next music stars :D He said he'll be with some talented producers soon <3 Love you Josh. Always here!
aw :,) I love you too. Let's do something soon <333
Thank you learning lots!
u know what? Then i'm doing it today.
What if your pillow could collect your dreams and when you wake up, you could plug it into your computer & watch them over again.
thank you! So glad you like it!
my universe will never be the same, i'm glad you came.
we should post the dued as a Jagoff!
Foggy in Vegas??? I am so confused
About to go workout with
Thanks for the RT - hope to see you there!
haha I will. She can come get big with me.
And the arguments are underway.
Why am my up so early
Touchdown Meetinghouse scores it's 3rd NFL player wedding this year New Superbowl betting criteria. Team with the most Meetinghouse Weddings
TV chef Giorgio Locatelli told Radio 5 live's Richard Bacon that the mafia presence is still felt in Sicily.
you got Jarritoed it sounds like!
The world is wierd in some kind of way when you want somethin that somethin neve hapens but u get to be close to it my wish meet VictoriaJ!
Rawlings takes more pride in the students he's taught than the books he's written
RT : Great celebration dinner with parents...perfect end to my "Carrie bradshaw" evening
may sneak in some more rides before then.
Can't wait for ! March 18th,
Thanks! Yeah, the commercials weren't as great this year. Stop by for a Stout anytime though!
Thanks so much! :)
#joeyroyerprobz our new thing k? hahahaha.
My favorite day of the year is when you get the March Madness sale flyer from Pianos n' Stuff.
Happy 4th! switching to CTone Latin Jazz
so far I'm on the bleak, stunned and hopeless side.
There's something so fun about having martini night with your mom and then jumping in puddles and then going out some more
I cant bro. If i knew earlier i woulda came i swear.
I did! I'm too indecisive to pick a favorite...
Welcome everyone to Hoover's API Trends TweetUp!
Debate: Which of the #MLB's hottest teams right now will likely fade away & become irrelevant during the season?
Ask me any questions Might put the questions in my next YouTube video!(:
#ff if you love beer, ...give us a follow :) Thanks!
I have an immense faith in him
Took pooch for a walk and is cold!
ha ha ha another disgruntled heat fan ha ha ha
Sincerely This is a #Major FAIL LMFAO<U+2192> mylikes
Zayn: well id go for the tripple back flip and ... Louis: Zayn you cant do a triple back flip Zayn: im learning.....
RT : I just coined a new word :) | "FutureCrafting": foresight, technologies & communities to co-create a better future.
Oh that's very pleasant to know. Thank you
Running the boards on for Yeh, Michetti
"Racial profiling simply does not work" -Sen. Durbin
I'm so bored!
I screw things up so much, it's not even funny. :\
49ers or Giants?
Little #earthquake here in Boston?
I am gonna be that guy on Twitter during graduation
Finally this wEek is over. Time to celebrate!!
I descend on the patisserie 5 min after it opens & there's already a line out the door. Clearly, the French are a people after my own heart.
Going to kick Monday's ass
January was a great month! Cash flow was really good. Had fun. Worked hard but not too hard. Getting mind and body ready for tax season!
WHY?!! WHY?! because its gonna be epic as fuck.
Getting p.o waiting for the dr
Chopping a ramekin of chives when the cook next to you needs it also
"Survivor Type"
Impressive three wide run by Looks like Stella found her groove.
Thanks so much!
#mybeatles1 She Loves You
Novacane baby BABY <U+2764>
I seen at west mesa!(:
See all of you small biz owners this morning at the douglasvilleb2b! 8am douglasvilleb2b.com
What a hard day. So so hard. My psychiatrist just called me. It's a sign.
Looking forward to the Great Tarrant County Debate tonight!
it was the thing that he had been meaning to say for a while...."hey, wanna help me study for my Fiber Optic test?"
We will see you Sunday! Excited about #NaturalBabyFair!
My dog growled at mine! RT Of course maybe that means I picked an ugly wig?? :)
lol I know, I've missed it so much! You should ggooooo! (:
I cannot guarantee the safety of anyone with a blow out.
Thanks to everyone who ordered off the new lunch menu this weekend. Please feel free to post how delicious the new items are. ;)
It's a good start Trista. Gets easier!
seems to be true. But I am going to make it out of here.
Reminds me of the Steelers vs. Cardinals. Horrible no call on a clear pass interference.
Weirdest campus flyer ever: "Daryl Hannah speaks about sustainable solutions, Tuesday 3/15. As seen in Kill Bill and Splash!"
Gotta find the energy to pack....don't feel like doin anything right bout now.
"I watched that on the youtube!" -mom
Left is Right | Left-wing group named after Greek riot dog torch EU finance chief's car - Daily Mail
It doesn't matter what you do, or who you did, who you were hanging with, we could stick around and see this night through.
Georgia OT Cordy Glenn & Georgia Tech WR Stephen Hill, a couple projected 1st rounders, still on the board with only 5 picks left
I wanna be at the beach right now.
RT : Upper 90 is still looking to sponsor all types of sports teams for this spring and summer. Please shoot us a......
I knew you could win! Yayy :)
you won't regret it! Enjoy :)
heyy I tried calling you, I'm free from 5 to 730ish today. Also free tomorrow morning!
Ok. Time to prepare for my speech on the development division and market. More soon.
My b. That was before I knew how old y'all were. *High schoolers for my last tweet. xp
Good to see Diddy at the #Oscars and not that zoo that's called all star lol that nigga probably tired of that life. Imma go with the whites
Cheap Drug - Savings up to 65% - Duane Reade - BRAND Prescriptions -
Thanks for the painting RT, Tam! Following back.
Just moved into my new office
nope...screech was the right choice....
What is Inside your ghd Toothpaste - Jacqueline Scott&#39;s Blog - J ...
“: On the road to success you will see people who u thought was friends get mad when u start being successful”100 p
Aaron Rodgers is the MVP of the NFL.
You already know
Had a great time presenting in Bogotá, Columbia today on Innovation and
Attunement is more important than mere theological knowledge. Refine your attunement through the practice of meditation.
i say
The teacher who is indeed wise does not bid you to enter the house of his wisdom but rather leads you to the threshold of your mind.
Kronum League All-Star Game Prop Bet: O/U on doing his "wing flap" 2.5 times
I want to I miss living in SA!!</3 ": i miss you more :( I want you back ally!!! Please !! *gets on my knees*"
I think it's about time to drink my favorite peach tea for the night. It was a very nice day. :)
Great Fights!! Love this property!
Time to practice my Bass, pretty boring these days really thinking about joining a friends band.
I see your point, but hosp execs with biz$ in mind are members. AMA reps MDs RT : who writes orders??
Roses are red, violets are blue. I have #Alzheimer's cheese on toast.
frizzy rocks
"Lord, if I can't be skinny, please let all my friends be fat."
phone interviews are the worst....my director has told me how much she hates doing them, so its both sides :)
You want to see how times have changed? Watch Eddie Murphy: Delirious. Boy the world was pretty ill informed back then, eh?
haha! I never saw your mention : / ....trending means we put the # sign before cheer fusion!!
Remember that one time we didn't get snow and it was 85 in March? What the HELL is summer gonna be like?
eek! I'm sure you were awesome tho!
Roy Wilkens renovation
I so agree.
Fuuuuuuuuuck Johnny Depp is so sexy in Dark Shadows. Daaaaayum
Don't hate me because I'm better than you. Hate yourself because your not as good as me.
lmao dedication and determination!
This bitch has her bare feet on the damn chair. :l Sicko.
That awkward moment when a guy accidentally hits your boob O.o
You can always wear a fancy hat.
Excited to hear. RT : On way to Canada to announce venues for FIFA Women's World Cup 2015 & 100th anniversary of
Indeed they do bang up work there! Great personal archives materials.
I had to visualize what you were talking about. When I got it I had a flare of jealousy. Why didn't I think of that?!
my life is complete.
Got to LA-about to go for a run :)
OMG DUDE look at ;ady gaga?
Schedule a visit in August right before school starts and we'll be happy to have you assist in the process! :)
"What did you learn about trash?" Great question! Wow!
Been to space and back just to spit it on the track
Beautiful Instagram, Nikki. One of our favorite features of Kittichai! did you enjoy your brunch?
Sex and the City - the bullshit = Pulling
Love when mom pays for all your new clothes as long as you call about a summer job.. DEAL! Now enjoying a cold beer while I watch this storm
I can totally agree with that statement. They just can't park! I need to get that blog up and running for this very topic.
following back :)
One way for a busy mom to keep up on her housework: have a toddler who is obsessed w/the vacuum/broom. #ihatetocleanwhoskidisthis?
which pitchers, if any, are likely to be released, demoted, or traded before OD, and which teams may be suitors
but I'm giving u full credit Tina!
Thanks! You too, Jim!
"Charity sees the need not the cause." German Proverb
I finely got to see Tinker Tailer Soldier Spy Gary Oldman was Awsom as well as the other actors. I like smart movies thanks.
Growing up I have become a very forgiving person!It's a part of growing up! There's now way you can grow holding on to so much of your past!
dams wish I could go!!!!
S/O to #TeamFreedom of #FreedomOutreachSeattle. Were making #Progression in A #Recession with the little we have
RT : When I see a Vet any Vet..Combat or REMF..I SALUTE & THANK THEM..THEY PAID 4 THE FREEDOMS WE ALL ENJOY TODAY...
Thank you! No problem, it will be here whenever you make it over
When everything around u seems a mess n u feel like something is missing think back 2 the last happy moment u had and smile
I cant wait to share with you my first song/video!
Thank You - The Chic'
Yeah, back in Ohio - no wife, no babies.
There's nothing like the National Dog Show!
Ate at El MoDelo the other day kinda of crazy!Just ordered Pizza 9.Pretty damn good place!
watched episode of your show with my kids. You worked with a Apache tribe. Great show. Thank You.
I found an alligator neat my house. Does that count?
Hint: being required to go to unexpected lecture on stress management, increases stress in those that previously weren't.
UC gonna score more!
I'm sure she would greatly appreciate it (': we're just looking out for her!!! Who knew we had hearts? Lmao
Freedom tips off the jeep, sunglasses on, walk on the beach for sunset! Thanks Seattle
I cannot wait to move out of Seattle.. one more month!!
#Blogathonatx google Jeff Goldblum erection to find
If she kick it off then imma run it back
Leap Day Yo .
You can't handle the white rubber action. <wink>
bitch please. I should give u some of my rating bonus so u can buy some listeners.
teeheeRT : does Tony Lucca live on the second floor, he lives upstairs from you. Yes i think you've seen him before.
Putting another pillar in place this week toward my idea on a building a #CQ5 web application without a database
Flight attendant just said "I know we have 5 people who require wheelchairs, if you would like to make your way to the front of the plane.."
I agree bro!
Thanks(: Get more to follow me ? && I like love her tweets !
uhh ok then
#WeAllNeed a little #BadArt in our lives
DYK? Grace Bumbry, Opera Singer, was a member of Zeta Phi Beta ..
Let's go warriors!
not yet. A
Keep learning about the world. Use your mind to the hilt. Life passes quickly and, towards the end, gathers speed like a freight train...
they are averaging 7 hits a game for the year
good morning c:
Joe Block puts me to sleep.
Fun 2 turn back hands of time, hoop it up & spend time w/ incredible HS coach & beautiful teammates! Busted e-forearm
I think I can help with the Pan/Pam dilemma
thank you Danielle!!! Hope u are too :) miss u guys!
Thanks for heads up on the Conklin article. Majerus was excited to sign him years ago and clearly the hard work has paid off.
it doesnt feel like schools gunna be over in 2 weeks.
trio playing on @ Pete Miller's in Evanston tonight!
We could always jazz up a little certificate for Twitter Credibility and award it to each other. Maybe that would help.
Epiphany Update: Vince Lombardi was a f%^&*%g New Yorker.
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
“: New #MMWordAssociation: Ron Burgundy. Best ones get a RT!”// Stay Classy
I might just puke
Nah...welcome to the bigs, youngster. #Brewers RT Almost feel bad for that rookie in his debut. ALMOST.
why is there a brand new motorcycle in my garage ?!?!
I think there's a lot we haven't quantified yet that comes out of being able to hold a conversation with your fans and followers.
thanx #FF...looking forward to April!!!!
come cook? :)
where where where are you?!?!?! Pweaseeeeeee
their team names/ winner prizes?
So excited for tonight's #ModernFamily! Disneyland episode!!! Everything is better with some Disney!
Morning tea nothing beats it. [•-•]
i just got home #partysoon<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Crap. My eye insurance sucks. They're only covering $50 of my $200 contact lenses, and $0 on new glasses. Awesome. Ugh...
I thought you were such a rebel. But now?
Nick leaves for Seattle tomorrow morning for at least the rest of this month, possibly longer :-(
oh...we went 2 brittney house. ..n again!!ughh
And they are now playing Whipping Post. I am a happy girl.
i was going to Whata Taco && you were going toward 183rd crossing the street
I need it when I want it, I want it when I don't... Tell myself I'll stop everyday knowin that I won't
If in El Cerrito Cal-make a visit to Foley & Bonny @ the El Cerrito Plaza. Foley & Bonny has been around since 1946 !! www.foleyandbonny.com
You never know how many friends you have until you rent a house on the beach. ;-)
Welcome! Great read.
Miley Cyrus <U+2665>
What up Shane!) We Rep. The MOSLEY Name... True Leaders We Are. I AM... GOD IS LOVE Fam' I Love the way your always given back!
And we'd also end up being taught to think of non-Christians as inferior beings.
I guess you could say my biggest fear is losing you.
#ReplaceFilmTitlesWithBacon Despicable Bacon
i use too be Good, But now im badd, i use to be shy, now ima WildGirl, I use to stay sober but now i get high, i use to care Now its Fyf
My PHP code is starting to look a bit like JavaScript lately, and I like it
": Manning to Broncos...more coming on Espn"
The things I'd do to punch half of the people in my life.
i don't know who else would feed us/give us a home
Just heard some really great news about California. :)
3 of 6 elements of the foundation: 1. be saved; 2. have the holy ghost; 3. personal concecration...come back Wednesday for more
Boston not going so well? I know this will be your first full day there.
how is the bar these days? Working on fun projects?
still love.
Your venture into epistemology hasn't been too well received...Chris, you have the worst good job there is.
We're working on our new client's brochure: Microsage. We lover our clients!
So I'm not a professional photog?
laundry all day
Getting my hair done!
Having a late lunch Burger. Beer. WiFi.
Isn't there some oppressive copyright law we can invoke that would make it disappear?
good afternoon dina
Going shoe shopping this weekend. Any ladies have suggestions on where to look for a good deal?
Fuck this pointless drivel, I'm going to bed
it's nice! Windows all around, so great views. Cocktail tables and a bar. Never would've thought!
got it going... Too much steps for anyone with ADD...
I'm hearing through the grapevine that NYCO has lifted work-stoppage and will start rehearsals tomorrow
Love watching the Royals spring training games on tv. Can't wait for baseball season to begin.
i fall asleep every night&wake up every morning just hoping one day you will notice me. but yet nothing has happened..)':19
Thanks for the follow !
I don't get it either, but I'm not their target.
Oh, the tweets of our interns...
This needs to go on FB are you ready for that?
Okay patiently waiting for your reply...
Kamara was fight for it all night long. Was harrassed by defense, got bad calls, still put it in the net for the lead
Tonight I learned that my "San Francisco? Who needs a coat?" attitude was deeply misguided.
it makes me happy knowing your happy
its not that i changes its that ive grown up and ive learned not to give a fuck what people think of me.
What three words spring to mind when you think about Detectigo?
for he knows how we are formed, he remembers that we are dust. Psalm 103:14
Yeah! Can't wait...it's going to be a great day!!!!
Apparently, I am the only person who decided to work at my office today. Because there is no one here.
Ha! Too true. #TakeWhatICanGet RT Looks like some social media marketer just got some new restaurant accts and is on the job!
what does not contain gluten or dairy: City blossoms herb CSA! 50 dollars, pick up delicious herbs weekly, contact
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) -- Minnesota Senate approves $975 million Vikings stadium plan; governor says he'll sign bill.
my life is amazing. you know theress this guy that i like , hby?
I hate it when you can't get your jacket off and it get stuck and you look like a retard flapping around
I Swear Everyone Is So Annoying In This House. #Annoyed I'm Just Gonna Ignore And Listen To #SaySomethin! 's Voice Is Amazing!!
Evidently I'm wrong. The Valentine's Day Wedgie is NOT actually a well-known tradition. :(
Because the Nuggetts play TEAM BASKETBALL
Version 7 is on its way. Stay tuned.
Gus walking out on to the pool in Mexico is straight Scorsese.
You'll see Tammy-She's been working on an absolutely incredible special abilities training
hi my gorgeous girls!!!!
My love for is unreal :) Like for shizzle!
I build tings
Did none of that paper doee.
Have a home renovation project but can't decide who to call ?Mr.D's has been renovating home for 25 years. Get it done right the first time.
“: Apigee is at #swdetroit, #apihackathon and #mobileappDFW2 this weekend. excited and proud to see it grow.”
Hey man, thanks for sending this around-- never even thought to send end it to AOTS!
James Harding grill>>>>>> WTF??
I hope is safe
QOTD : " you know ! wacky asian catwalker guy "
second sexiest woman behind you
yep, you got it!
We're looking forward to the Derby this afternoon, we're picking Creative Cause to win. Who do you pick?
This morning I almost came to school with a vneck on backwards & I stopped in the middle of Mt. Zion because I saw an imaginary cat...
Feel soo dumb right now ..
Going to Laughlin NV for a promo job for Bahama MaMa cigars today, will be gone until the 30th of this month.
what type of diamonds the the make tile blade out of or from Tiffany's??? Lol
Rape me.
I feel I still struggle with it even after 2 years of getting out!! Heart "hurts" strip the soul and confidence from me!
Ha! My aunt Maude was the chief buyer there....and my parents used to send me to visit her....and run amuck in the store....on special h ...
Thinking of sketching "obesity" & "place to be active" at #SoS at 2pm - if you want to participate, tweet sketches to ! :)
Rumors that she is pregnant by The Dream...
We are at Keystone at Xing next to Maggie Moos, by the Kohls. Yes, we have free wifi! Come in sometime, happy New Year!
If a fat rich guy who calls everyone 'dude' walks in to the ER the show may transition into
have so much fun this weekend!!! Wish I could be there! Lots and lots of love xoxoxoxo
Everyone has at least one different secret they keep from each person.
Our BrookfieldLove.com radio ad airs in 13 minutes on KFI!
Pleased to announce is an official partner of The Day of Foster.ly on 5/12.
And yeah, the culture part of it is super obnoxious.
Smart Jewelry Show reports record attendance
Yo J,nice work bro!Do you have a contact 4 production?
Remember when dude CLEAN got stabbed mutiple times? Lol
Turned on the race to see my husband in first :)
Last night was amazing, Baton Rouge you rock! Thanks to our new friends Face to Fate and Clicks for having us out.
You become a ass hole when you break a woman's heart... You become a man when your mature enough to repair another woman's heart...
hahahah WOW who would;ve thought you'd know the words
I'm so happy and made up! <U+263A>Thank God
That niggas mouth is ridiculous, it makes me wanna go get my retainer.
QOTD "can you change the pitch of my cassette tape on this sound board?"
: what a helpful article. Thanks for tweeting. I will have to print it out and hang on my fridge.
Meeting's starting
Hankism #1: Out-performing your peer group doesnt change your performance.
but they stay frontin like its so great, its only fun when u wanna b.
I'm sorry to hear that Ron. Hope you're doing OK.
My tummy hurts ...!!
thanks doll :)
You can have Newsome. He lost out to a true freshman. Also, at least Penn State has one four star recruit. #sloppyseconds #BONESAW!
&& that's why your my sis.
H is for Hate.
hahaha okay ganging up against them
Lesson learned LeSean McCoy. Don't talk shit if you don't want it returned.
It sucks when you know that you need to let go but you're still waiting for the impossible to happen.
My day today >>>
No homo LOL
Too much learning is done from the sidelines.
#FF everyone who follows me, it's an eclectic and wonderful group of folks
bday show going down tonight at hobs!!
I can help u out with stars for Mb transfer if u don't mind mb in CAN $$
Had a good time yesterday. Next time they need to have sample size menu's. VIP was def the way to go! I loves Food Trucks!
happy birthday tigress!
bonfire my house right now?
We're gonna party like it's 2012! Happy NYE everybody!
I had that exact tape. It opened up my world. 1983 was good.
hey! hi my bro!!
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun!
RT : A 6yr old boy has gone missing today from Park Brow school in Southdene Kirkby wearing a maroon uniform his name is Reece
#songsiwillbevergettiredof your song-ellie goulding version
having a heck of a game ben!
Almost homeC: corpus was amazing<3
Finch & Reese now have their Moriarty, and her name is "Root!".
The study of being is not to be found in the triumph of man over his condition but in the very tension with which the conflict exsts Levinas
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)15
At day 1 of ROHO Advanced Oral History Institute
Love Wednesdays because it means we're baking Scotch Oatmeal Cookies--smells delicious in here!!
Uh where'd you go? Thought we were hanging?
calm down its just a tweet. Jesus -_-
calm down
I'm about french fried out
You rock Jeff! Keep it real this week, and watch out for the Man
tweets are Old... Or we are OLD?
Just heard QCart was used for playback at the Cherry Blossom festival yesterday—& Mrs Obama was the featured speaker. "Worked like a charm."
Don't get me wrong; I LIKE being stuck in here - it's my house, and I pay the mortgage on it; I'm going to enjoy it!
RT : Did you know that twice as many people die each year from vending machine attacks than from shark attacks?
im on it ha xD
“: #S/O to my new follower #Follow #Follow #Follow” right on fam!
that's one way to fix the problem!
nope, on the way home send it to me.
So how ya guys doing?
Hey WE REALLY NEED HELP and we can't find a really person to talk to... can you help us? PLEASE!
I use #spokesman #grayson2012 #fl #dem on every tweet #spokesman is the tag love it
Why is my tv always so fucking loud?!?! Am I deaf? Prolls
“We’re not normally attracted to beautiful things.. A bit of ugliness starts something that's a little more interesting.” (Proenza Schouler)
Just got stung in the forehead by a bee while shooting an engagement session.
That looks more like you than John Lennon. Come on.
just checking!!! Saw you tweeting, so I was just hollering at you.
at bwela party?
Free back massages at my student manager meeting...today's theme is stress management
Not a big #metal music listener but interested in learning about #slipknots global success
Post Edited: Dulcet - The Perfect Wine for an Unknown Birthday Party!
Lowest tackle of any starter MLB, decent hit stick. Still have LB speed like woah
going skating?
damn bro. For what. Minnesota stomps the pack
bahahaha! We'll get you one, sugar. Maybe that's what Charlie can get you for Father's Day.
Thinking about/feeling loss, reading Sappho fragments, popping pistachios.
help: need blogs or news sites with events calendars. ideas?
Don't worry about today, it's already tomorrow in Australia
#MAD is my shit.
going out to eat with ethan >>>
A heartfelt thank you to all of the men and women who fought or are fighting for our freedom.
I don't even like him anymore.
Death of a sausage roll?
lol see u tomorrow
I had a dream that I bought my iPhone off some Mexican lady selling tamales on the corner who also sold iPhones. Lmao.
Attorneys for Michael Brodkorb says career damaged from being fired
Score! RT : Nice work, (I am Montana), and nice work
Caller on #Npr just said factions within occupy oakland want to provoke "spectacular clashes with opd" to radicalize people
feeling the squeeze myself as our school is adopting the newest teacher evaluation process to strike the nation.
hahaha yeah that definitely happens too, but it's more obvious on Twitter
Druidian's new home, The Monorchid. www.monorchid.com
Order sent to Sarah in DC!
sad day;( see you this weekend or monday
Thanks have a great day!
I've taken a shower and washed my hands multiple times, but they still smell like jalapenos!
#20ThingsAboutMe 2. I usually do my own hair and nails.
If we can get half of what our oldest daughter gets from her manager, we'll be very happy campers. Someone that believes in them is key.
If I were to pat u on ur back... Ud list it on ur resume.
Seeing all of this drama is getting annoying
insane wknd for #NY sports - let's go , let's go #NYK #Knicks # NYR
Up to 12 containers per car @ $12 per car load! So organize with your neighbors and friends and support a great cause!
RT : There's no magic to running far...Endurance is mental strength. It's all about heart. -
if you're complaining that Austream was only 10 minutes, you need to leave. you should be happy that he took those 10 minutes out of his (c)
All of my Twitter followers, please add me on Facebook: www.facebook.com/stephensamuelsantoro
fina get this study guide out an start this gone be the hardest final but i know i can do it
NO not this weekend:( Wanna hang out?
How are things going with the filming of your show Quality Time?
Sometimes you have to follow your heart, even if its somewhere you're not supposed to be.
and of course my test positive for lyme had my LLMD'S name so I said no he couldn't see it. He was up to no good.
new nickname: Max "improper dongles" Ogden
Looking forward to watching the game tonight, Go Timbers!
Sue get whistled for cheating again 15:02
Define flats.
Thank God we are taking Andrew Luck. I like Robert Griffin how I like my potatoes... with Redskins.
At the Carl McIntire session...
That looks good! Made my tummy growl.
Time to nut up or shut up
I'm well! :) how are you
Lmao “ im shaving/waxing vaginas for $5 today, use rep code "INEEDITBAD" for 5% off.”
Seriously? Barenaked Ladies in Grandview? LOVE it!
RT : Continued awareness so important to support and accept all in the community
Good morning! :)
Got my I heart Justin Bieber bag, listening to Justin Bieber.
I'm watching a guy scratch his balls. He's concentrating, lifting his leg, & has closed his eyes. In public. He needs some ointment.
Damn that caffine RT : My new obsession: ROCKSTAR Energy Cola thanks you bastard...
haha! Girl, you could rock colored pants for sure. Miss you already - best AC I know ;). go get'em tiger
Work 6-1 , I love this place :)
OMG I Never Knew You Were Following Me.... And Thanks Very Much...
I believe that we can still be valuable while being busy. I think it's all about time management skills.
inside these fourth years we insert an extra box holding back chaos
Father's Day specials galore: silk neckties, custom walking stick w/memorabilia embedded and/or embossed, cedar worm box -- it's all here!
Mark Jackson isn't actually coaching a professional basketball team next year, right? Must have been a misprint
take me to the taco truck lol
got 2 out of 4 anyway
The word "clarify" has just become evil.
aww:( well dont eat it really fast
is having a flash sale that ends tonight. 40% off personalized jewelry for men & women. Use code: FLASH40.
Looking forward to being able to watch "This Week" on Sunday mornings again.
Come on strop
Who's headed to South Padre Island?
In the office listening to with =)
Happy Monday. Blah
How do we make ourselves as teachers and/or librarians relevant in the future? The words may hurt, but are they true?
Watching men friends play pool. As a result, naturally I'm tweeting.
Futurama makes me happy
is fake? No blue check next to it...did u meet him?
Artist in a drought
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada
Wed 9/7: Mark Towns (bass) w Richard Samuels (piano & vocal) at Eddie Vs #LaJolla CA
do you know about ? We love their Kimchi so much, we gave them an award for it :)
": Anyone know a Clippers fan who aint scared to put some money up on this series against the Spurs??"
Excuse me bossman, you know I can't leave until you do right?
actually neither of you are hot so you can stfu
relieved to have found an excellent food truck! , delicious!
Exciting week! New version of the #iPad and #Basecamp. Can't wait to try these out.
One game suspension for Rondo
kobe doesn't deserve this. get him a real supporting cast while he can still play at this elite level
Content is only copy until you put some technopower behind it (through tags)
- Doing great... just working late. Fun! And you? How's post school life?
Finishing up a new computer wallpaper it'll be done tomorrow
Sorry bro, I'm a fan. Can't stand EA regardless of her 'Gators' past. She has no loyalty to UF.
I love not you see?
Thanks to all my friends who support me and part for me in school. I just got accepted to SMU!! Mustangs here I come!!
thank you :-)
I be so bored at home, I'm kind of the only child ya know
follow me :)
u got it
awesomeness at its best! I'm stoked 4 u! Tell ello from an 11yr loyal! Hehe ;)
Wonderful! So glad you enjoyed Nuevo Leon! Have a great trip to Japan.
#FollowReader Just bought THE NIGHT CIRCUS after 's Twitterfest. Didn't realize it was out yet.
Oh dear. Hubs helped the boy clean his room last weekend & I just got a glimpse of the recycle box. There are things in there my son CREATED
Yeah, crazy huh? Makes the week go by fast when I get to try different things.
squeezing in recording sessions between practicing for my upcoming cirque du soleil audition
My dad must get bored at work, he's always calling! Haha
Seriously. I love his dumb ass.
Studio session came out great we have a great song for you guys coming soon stay tuned!
I hear you on that. Had a sick kid on Monday that was really on the mend...drove me nuts!
Dad dubbed pharaohs daughter "Candace" tonight.
The line at the liquor store where I buy my lotto tickets is out the door
put me on that list.
Just the opposite! I'm unemployed at the moment and have a lot of yarn ;-)
I love math!!!! My favorite subject in school.
Great example of a lease clause that will make your lease VOID and UNENFORCEABLE. I feel bad for landlords who have been misled.
I have not given up on him just yet!!! What game of the world series you gonna be at?
I want museums to have conversations with me, not just dole out facts
Freshman year when saw Keisha go ape shit on me in pe<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>>>>>>>>
The Best Thing I Could Have Ever Done On Twitter Was Following You Should Really Follow Him ! I Garentee You Will Smile :]
I guess Christine O'Donnell either couldn't comprehend or respond intelligently.
Time stands still for no man
What are #you up to this day??
Can't believe it's already August! Where has this year gone?!
Lucas your amazing and ignore the haters<U+E418>
Exactly. Let your inner mullet fly free. You'll be at the forefront of fashion.
When women are depressed, they eat or go shopping. Men invade another country. It's a whole different way of thinking. ~ Elayne Boosler
#LasVegas knows how to party! ;) Thanks to everyone that joined us tonight! & the team had a good time!
ahahahaha oh the internet :D
Back at it tomorrow after a few days off, and it was wonderful. What do you like to do when you have a day off work? Lake FM
": fight weekend.....first weekend in May...:-)"can't may 3rd is my daughters birthday
buying mine tomorrow!
Martinez down looking. no score after .5
hey what game are you playing tonight jw ?
when is it?
#DrakeandJosh was an AMAZING part of my childhood :))
Oh wow! Just looked at calendar & realized this is my last week to keep the shops open. Baby in 10 days!
On way to reception! Looking forward to it!
In Chicago to check out the #IHRIM conference for the first time
Off to bed. Had all and all a great day. Gave mom her Mother's day gift early and she absolutely LOVED it!!! Going to see Jo & Dottie morrow
New phone Divi bak at it...
i blame our inept qb more than rex. Oh how i would love to have both mannings in ny next season.
For the record, I fucking hate mashup artists.
I think so
no, we are not currently doing the chat but I'll let you know if that changes!
The last 3 teams to eliminate the #Flyers have all gone on to win the Stanley Cup – Pittsburgh (2009), Chicago (2010) and Boston (2011).
Love your portfolio—very impressive. Thank you for following us.
haha it's gonna be a night to remember...or try to remember.
Dear #Twitterfam - I hope your day brings you peace, happiness and fulfillment!
I'm drawing a blank..help me out, what's the mike maddux song again?
Do you have a contact for production?
Good night, Twitter.
Will definitely be seeing The Dictator
Too many promises I gotta pull through this summer :)
Ayala up in bullpen for First action in the bullpen tonight. It's top of 6th.
I have a huge following Dr Goddess. I will help you get the names you need to sign the names on this petition. I like ur cause.
On hold w/AT&T for about the 20th time this year-no joke. I can't believe how many times they've screwed up my account
Who wants to share a Pinterest invite with me?:)
#ICantDateSomeoneThat says the word "mischievous" like "mischievious". You can't just add extra letters. What's next, extra lovers?!
See you later tonight in Seattle! :)
lol 7 hours of field hockey, my phone gets destroyed AND a near death experience.. today sucks.
TRIVIA NIGHT! Come in and test your trivia knowledge with us, get some drinks, and win some prizes! Starts at 8pm...see ya then!
dude this deathmole stuff is awesomez
Thanks for the RT! , see you on the golf course!?
Many thanks, Allan! Hope you're having a good week :)
That all said, I have been able to kitten sit for the past few weeks which is super awesome. Watching a little kitten grow up rules.
+1 RT : Can someone tell me why I'd want to try on if I'm already on ??
My favorite people - follow them.
We're more than reposted soundbites. Come follow our Tumblr blog: nmws.tumblr.com for more content and substance.
My everyday goal is to be better & grind harder .....
i feel like most occupiers are still paddling against the mainstream... time will tell
Hahaha!! That just sounds like a great night!!
God Morning!! TGIFF! Hope everyone has a great day! :)
Good luck from the west coast
Just noticed a great new piece about gaming in the library that mentions ! Go B'more!
it's just wrong not to love steak...but it happens. Heart breaking huh? Please give our steak love. Soon!
excellent! So much fun, I would do it again! Congrats!
What does anonymous mean to you? Does the term exclude you from responsibility?
okay, so last night I fell asleep in my grandma's room, & she said that around 1-ish I threw the blankets off of me, got up,
I won't cry for you I won't crucify the things you do
Great to be connected Robert!
Business & Pleasure do not mix!
thats what I'm saying
Not sure what I like more about Nat Hist Day, listening 2 what students learned during the projects or being able to reward their hardwork.
Every ceiling, when reached, becomes a floor, upon which one walks as a matter of course and prescriptive right. Aldous Huxley
You<U+FFFD>re the source of everything you experience
Agreed! STUNNING. Perfect dress for her. RT : Octavia Spencer is simply stunning in Tadashi Shoji
When people ask me "on a scale of 1-100 how immature are you?" I say 69 . #immature (;
this is a part of me<U+2665>
New Toll Free # 1-888-409-8632 for Milwaukee residents to contact us.
about to take a lil nap tho. im tired & full.
“: Need good engineering on your album or song holla at my people ” <thanks! Good lookin' out!
If I was an animal, I'd be a chameleon.
Tether balls and cartwheels - two things you never see past grade school.
#YBL how did Loren and the jewlery line get to be so AWESOME? Your doing great!!
yay so soonn. And yes I do pin:3239B631
TaKiNg My @$$ to SLeeP, its been a looonnggg day..!!
me too wtf the usual is like.. 11.
Same here.
I love watching my 23 year old boyfriend lean back in his seat and fall then five minutes later do it again.
--->stop tryin' to sell me stuff<---
This weekend is going to be sad and lonely.
someeboodyy's growing a mustache! lol
wow! We really must be best friends ...because...so do I! #that'sbeast!
See I knew that was a de-bra!!! Half deer half zebra!! Lmao!
I hope to see you in the house of worship tonight! Be Encouraged!
#Baltimore is definitely a sleeping giant. Back in '96 and '97 a Wednesday night in May at BWW woulda looked like a Sun now.
If you're contemplating on getting a Nike Fuel Band, definitely do it! It's phenomenal.
Agreed. RT One position in the scofflaw argument is that we're ALL scofflaws and usually everything still works okay.
Lucroy is the team's hottest hitter and Wolf has an ERA near 7, but Kottaras will start tonight because Wolf requires a personal catcher.
did so good!
KG: get that shit outta here
Payton/Kemp or Paul/Griffin ?
Bout to go on stage..
did it for #CF11 last summer. It worked well. I love the idea, being a sngl ticket buyer myself.
The hardest part about loving someone, is watching that person love another person.
Pretty stunning. #Huskies RB Chris Polk goes undrafted.
I never have, but I know I could. Do that all the time. 1st half of 1 word, part of the next
hey I'm sorry for the late reply it's just that I have .I'm sorry
awesome. Let's Go Rangers!!
where in ATL?! I will stop any buy some on my way home from work!
the internet makes me lose, regain, then lose again my faith in humanity at least two dozen times a day
I need to get a manicure done
Thanks for the support! If you are at ACen you should swing by our booth. :)
Watching Home Videos
"get outta town!" might be the best involuntary phrase ever overused
Didn't you say you have a fair distance to work each day also? The porn line the other gentleman recommend isn't going to work?
In the lab with loyalty
The every-corner type fruit stand on 17th and USW, so-so oranges, grapes . . . and 50 feet away, the USQ farmer's market. I always wonder.
thanks for all of your continued support..
he's never abandoned the fashion sense he learned in Gainsville.
send some my way
hahaha I know
Teaching community bodywork and herbal stress management tonight. Backpack brimming with herbs!
Louis was spotted in London YESTERDAY!
so do I wear my imaginary vintage balenciaga or junya watanabe to watch oscars tonight?
Wait just a second this medicine might be kickin in.
not gonna argue with a closer.
No, I don't think they would be. Mothers and sons. Lethal combination to any poor woman of the future.
Running a #MarchMadness pool for your sports organization? We know a few leagues who are cc
#ThingsMyMotherSays "stop opening the fridge door ever 5 minutes if there wasn't food 5 minutes ago there won't be food now."
Approx. 55,000 people will go without drug/alcohol treatment due to Gov Quinn budget cut. Just think about what those people will do...
It used to be that the studios made films for the US and if you made money internationally, it was a bonus.
Which is cool and all, I guess. I'm glad it ISN'T mumps, but it's still really painful & I hope the antibiotics kick in son. :(
your a straight sleeze ball
I won't even google that. That movie bored me to tears. I walked out humming the audience.
okidokie already did, hate that your deleting but its watever ya gotta do.
Mr.willams humor :]
You should come to New York with a band and play at a club called SOB's--stands for Sounds Of Brasil!
Are website is now in full effect!!! www.3littlebirdssalon.com
just stopped at a green light to give the homeless money and to tell him be safe, poor guy could barley run limping
It's official, beta phase will open Wednesday night! Reply, DM, or RT this if you'd like an invite to start #Spooning with us!
You may be following us on Twitter, but have you visited our Facebook and LinkedIn pages yet?
Thank you for following us. We will see you soon. Happy New year!
#potus specifically mentioned women's issues twice! #sotu That's MY president!
yes they are!
miss you guys! good to see you're still kickin' ass!
Who is it that speaks? To suggest that others may exert powers over my own voice?
Death wish! Don't do that!
when school comes my sleep schedule will be fucked up. :/
Shana tovah! Happy Rosh Hashanah! And to all those here, I hope this year is filled with joy and blessings.
Lololololol...first of ALL!!!! NOBODY...gets THAT...and second, THANK YOU Lmbo!!!
"shootin' buffalo here, shootin' buffalo there...makin' burgers like I just don't care"
dont open it K it will hack your account
Social Data Platform Company DataSift Secures $7.2 Million in Funding
Did you say spanish or spinach?
Come check out knockout.js tonight presented by - there will be pizza and you will love it!
yeahI'm sure you can, but it's more fun when someone nice brings it for you !! LOL
Tommorrow is my last night in Pittsburgh for the summer. Then its back home for Brittany
#HappyFriday - let's all #dance and celebrate the weekend!
MT Nice review paper on effects of in-store marketing on #food choices, Am Jrnl of Preventive
199 of 200 Dane Co. wards voted that corporations are not people and money is not speech.
well.... Its a bit out of the ordinary lol colorful haha...
In custody. Get yooo butt on Facebook. Thats my only way of (private) communtication. Or direct message me on here.. (;
Yeah i do <3 well the 2nd coolest ;) RT : I'm not gonna lie... has the coolest sister EVER! Hahaha :-)
Kansas City, MO we'll be seeing you June 23 @ Gusto!
Santorum is way ahead of Romney among people with only high school diploma. He's definitely owning the culture war that he made up.
It's 7:37am here in the ghetto Bronx.
so true.
that makes me so sad to delete someone!!
way to young to be ballin on a budget!!!!!
Have the three candidates in D-7 agreed to these moderators?
So excited about the location! Hope to get a invite this year! ;)
wait what's wrong with him!?
Goose n' Brisk
Growing Up Google: How Cloud Computing Is Changing a Generation
I know its unrealistic to expect the troops to come home, and terrorism to go away, its so much more complex then that.
#RIP to all the people who died during the #planking epidemic. Senseless losses of life, we gotta do better.
It could be overflowing with love
Bahahaha...you trippin. I ain't having to pay a dime for this trip, so your going to have to talk to him about that.
tapdancing. on the. keyboard. :||:
uhh yeah she might be my favorite one lol
I am wondering what it is like to fly over a tornado? Might find out today.
get on girl!
W/stop
Im so glad you got a video! thank you!! & YES we need to see him again! Next time we're in PV I will definatley let you know!
Everybody is looking for somethin for someone 2 lean on 2 count on If u feel like u've got no1 Remember that they'll b home for the holidays
Wishing a successful race today in Vegas.
IT'S A HORRIBLE FEELING D:
"no you're not." "I smell like a duck."
it's low key dangerous
Keep a look out for our baseball fantasy games!
65% blind The Man behind the Shades video What I Love About America ,who will be the first to uncover the Story ?????
When it comes to education, it's extremely hard to sort the GOP from the Dems (e.g. DFER, Students First).
Successful prom night :)
Make sure you "CHECK IN" when you are here! You may just get a special treat!
Dexter Morgan is trending on twitter because of casey Anthony that's hardcore. Lol.
Lonely boy offered me a beer. I kindly said "Beer?? No thank you-That's what the cretins drink"
Big butt+ugly face+instagram+twitter= oh you think you model now?
...and what's your point? That has nothing to do with the injustice done to Martin by Zimmerman! **get it right!**
Skid Row's Sebastian Bach lost some stuff in Hurricane Irene. His KISS pinball machine floated away. Oops.
What you said was true. And definitely fill me in when you have a chance!
can't wait dude haha
Thanks. I'll check later to see if I see it. I appreciate it.
it was a very nice day today. Not the best facility when crowded like today though.
Say Something is obviously about me ... (;
Debian is hard to use. Just done environment configuration with Java, Eclipse and Lemur in Ubuntu...
ohh hahah well nvm then.. I'm dumb. Haha well I wish ya luck with everything bro
Jalani yells at me if i don't sing Rio with her
Just finished a photoshoot Westbank, with the Westlake Picayune. The gw boutique is on BeeCave across from Sprouts, stop by!
you are my idol and i love you so much. you've taught me to be fierce and confident. and even how to smize :) i hope you see this
getting ready for my cousin's bday party. U?
m your angelic face and your unique way of life and intelligence
RT : It would have been fun to have a Human Vs Machine throwdown with during #LSCon session. Would like to see that!
Listening to Pet Shop Boys "Where The Streets Have No Name." Gary said, "That town must be hell to drive in!"
you go girl! bringin' your happy vibes to san fran!
you are so smart, I had to Google your reference :)
HOT WEATHER in Philly this weekend and HOT ENTERTAINMENT too! Check out our full listing.
All deserved. RT : Wes Welker will get paid $139,706 per quarter this season.
That's more like it.
ya boy stewart is doin it up for the yanks tonight!!
Mortgage stocks on Tuesday posted gains as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rose almost 300 points, and the yield on the rate.
Cuzo you up
nothin much been really busy
Brianna Decker just awarded the 2012 Patty Kazmaier Memorial Award
#beatles rule Three Americal Idol songs.... Sgt. Pepper always wins.
you are so cute !!
What would you like to know more about? We want to know!
.. : " I want to go to nashville and stalk taylor swift..and her cat!" LMFAO :D
Listening to my grandad tell stories from his glory days at tech #dearlord... #liveditup!
Goodbye west Memphis!
thanks my man. So much fun tonight!!
imma call right now..
#CincoDeMayo Is such a gringo holiday. we dont even celebrate it hahah
An etiquette writer of the 1840's advised, "Ladies may wipe their lips on the tablecloth, but not blow their noses on it."
true that
I've heard too many good things about that book to think that'll be necessary. Nice visual though.
GOTDAMN I BURNT MY TONGUE.
Excited to support and listen to sets by + Tiger & Woods tonight.
I still can't believe that shit!
Sad considering just came home frm winning road trip so early in season .5 games out of 1st. Angelos sux but players deserve better.
Keep trying and you will!
My high school coach gave more constructive advice than Vinny does during a timeout. "Try hard! Rebound! Score!" ugh
Using Crowds to Find the Missing
I'll bring some heat right over...
3 more days of school!! :D
#realestate used to be our no. 1 industry we serviced, hasn't been the same since 2008. But now #mortgage is rising with HARP
When told, "You're overqualified for this job," always respond, "No problem: I already planned on performing a half-assed job."
Let's see how literary-nerdy the people who see my 10am tweets are: does anyone have a favorite long-form poem? A Victorian one?
Someone at the next table in this Ohio restaurant just mentioned !
And, I just got buttdialed by said friend. "What the hell is that?! Oh, someone's actually calling me! Hello? Hell? Oh, nevermind."
For those of you who may have missed it, I've got an interesting poll question on my consulting site. The answer might surprise you....
Going to Chicago Friday don't know if I'm staying or leaving again hm hard decision
/ thanks for the FF love!
#OWS | Since there were no jobs bills & no jobs that the RW 1% politicans produced, why not bring up the important Reverend issue again?
is keeping a log of how many times reporters, anchors and fans describe Jackson's funeral as "surreal." Such an overused word.
he's so tiny :)
RT Once an #Aquarius decides what they want, they’ll do everything in their power to achieve it
James, Glad you liked the podcast. Only note from my wife: "Just talk a little less next time". Can't win 'em all
A very happy birthday to the one I love..
hey whats up :-)
If she wanna fuck aint no way around it!
It would be a treat to see NFL explain to the London franchise that it's playing a Thursday night game in SD though
Going to listen to rebelution non stop all day
When will we know the name of All Time Low's new album? Omfg sobs
just waking up from my nap ... i ain't know it was this late.
Harvard Sq: We have Apple-Cinnamon AND Cinnamon-Peanut Butter flavors! Yes, it's double the cinnamon. Try it with our homemade toppings!
She never let me hit, she gave me dome twice. She blowing up my phone, that’s that bitch I don’t like..
So...I'm running all 24hrs of the #AmericanCancerSociety 24hr relay from 9am Sat to 9am Sun in Poway, CA &...
im still in my uniform, beat that
Awake got canceled so I think it's fitting that I now go to sleep FOREVER
Lots of "Recall Walker" signs on lawns around Milwaukee. Would love to see Tom Barrett take his seat!
I'd be happy with 30 <= 30. For another couple of weeks anyway.
#procrastinatewithhcwakeforest today,because everyone needs a study break!
R.I.P. RESSIE CUP I LOVE YU!!!
nothing better than hanging up after ordering dinner and knowing that what u asked for will be completely different from what u actually get
Good night world and all who may dwell upon it, I wish you all pleasent dreams and a wonderful tomorrow
ohh shit next period I have to take the re take for geometry I forgot about that ... ugh
Love the new breakfast option, but went at 11:15 and staff said it was over. Web site says served until noon. Which is it?
im pretty sure you have a vagina
#tomcrean doing big things at IU
“ < thank you #myfavoriteauntie!!”
Heading over to Starbucks in a bit for a Lost Paws meeting... Bring on the Matcha!
- unlikely for these two power house
I should really do some shopping today, since that's my lucky number. RT Christmas is just 33 days away!!
winter is here; only cold clothing; vegan eating and more at www.susanefine.com
It looks like we now have 500+ fans! Thanks again, everyone! Stay tuned for free giveaways~
RT : make it nasty drop drop it on the floor make it nasty! omg haha x)
From Dark Pages photos are in! This one's my favorite. Thank you Jennifer Parker!...
Enjoying Falafel King with Gyros forever!
Did u really just say "DORK"? -.-
I do research & lesson planning when I need to, but something about grading - we're in a complicated relationship.
Thanks for the birthday wishes :) love all you guys!!
There you are!!! Soo slow haha
is almost back to normal now that I'm back in #MKE . Who wants to play? You might get to meet my puppy!
Join in uniting a million voices to improve the future of biking. Sign the Pledge. I did. Ride On!
What's Sunday morning without the morning sermon from the right Rev. ?
Im with Craig Campbell at ddb
Refs are acting up right now
I have a 119" HD projector/theatre i built in my basement. Xbox, sporting, and chiefs in clear hd baby!!
These are codes that require a chart or computer program to translate the blind code to a bitting code
Just landed in Miami and had a healthy lunch of chicken avocado salad and beet carrot juice, yummy!
That's awesome. Can you send me the link? I knew had an ace up his sleeve.
idek wht to do anymore i done tried everythin in da book
New Zimmerman lawyer is lawyer-ry and is behaving in a lawyer-ly fashion.
In honor of Earth Day, follow the folks : They do great work helping turn vacant BK lots into community gardens!
he didn't notice you were under the influence?
i got a hair cut today i look so pretty!!!!
..lock the memories in a box & move on!! :)
Can't wait to see one of my best friends today..it's been to long
Happy Monday and #YPWeek Excited to join in the Streetcar discussion tonight!
Ok, it was Mickey! Thanks
Tequila makes her clothes fall off. ;)
yay! Need to plan a night. Might have to be after the new year though.
Are we gonna get another #DieHard movie? Hoping so man.
i wake up and i listen to #thatislove and it always brings joy to me. AND today its my birthday!! :) <3
Testing tomorrow... I should get some sleep but this movie is good!
LOL! “: Ugh, after months creating Jade-based content, I'm sick of myself! Off to gym to sweat it out, bare-faced & bandana'd!”
"girls chase me like they think my #dick is Justin Bieber"
I really need to start arranging more -_-"
Now here's a new Web site that could challenge the OED for supremacy in the dictionary department. Remember Wordnik.com, the next Twitter.
That's a shame. Maybe I'll do it for you. No one is dragging me out tonight...
I hate haters -___-
sunny on one side of the house, hailing on the other side
hahaha km.all excited.now. lil I'll ask my mom to take me tomorrow now haha
Getting used to #Google+
I ain't really tryina be that rapper that talks about hoes.. It just comes naturally at times though
Don't forget to follow & a 14 yr old Broadway actress, singer, SESAC songwriter, composer, arranger & producer
Why is it so cold outside?
Big non-story: Everything that "The Hunger Games" supposedly "rips off" is itself a derivative of lots of other stuff.
Hates taking notes over a movie that is gay..
Thank you for the follow, Mark !
My influence is clearly spreading. Just think of all the wonders of pedantry!
Just watched a guy drink an entire bottle of jäger in under 30 seconds. Oh my god.
This love's gonna keep going, it ain't going slow, it's non-stop
hello Laura! Thats great! I'm doing the same thing what school do you go?
"Proceed to party!" ;)
Passover/Easter brunch was amazing!!!
If I had a dollar for everytime I wanted to write a job description like that. LOL
Did you know? The Southern California Spine Institute accepts most insurance plans, including workers’ compensation.
Playmaker/makers in front four is my biggie. Also, a lil worried about DB's number of guys gone.
Is very happy that is so lucky & won a free burrito for me to eat for lunch! Win us a vacation next please!
yea i know:p it was in the 2nd floor in the library o.O
Willaim Shatner's, "Moving America Foward," show awarding Project Lifesaver International will be airing on June 23rd.
Can't wait to see you in LA..bought tix for the show at Nokia Center.
yeah no.... If your there ma dog would bite yew lol
Back to school. Im so tired
craaaaaazyyyyyyy car you lead me no where.
Good night yesterday mavis out the playoffs n Mayweather won last night
Connecticut becomes the 17th state to legalize medical marijuana. Hopefully in the future, it will be fully legal, taxed, and regulated.
Up to 23% of votes in District C, but the percentages haven't changed much. Cohen supporters seem confident.
RT “: Liveola sentenced to 18 years behind bars. He will be eligible for parole in 6 years. #FreeLiveola”
I woulda told you if you asked. Facials are still awesome though.
they good to we all just be chillin out and shit kids bad as hell lol but you back in va?
interesting thought. Sadly "sports agent" does have some negative stigma in some circles. What are your rebranding thoughts?
That's awesome! LOL
The person I would most like to live next to is __________.
Have a great time, ! I'm afraid I'll miss it too - hubby's birthday dinner. Miss u all!
listenin to music :)
our new production studio is now open in Oakland - double the space of our San Francisco operation - 510-338-6160 • www.eco-framing.com
The least of things with a meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it.
how many days until I can ski?
we were babes backk in the day!!
aye girl, what are you doing tonight?
who are u
Apparently New Jersey football teams thought this was a bye week...
Hey Seen It & I'm Sorry You Had To Play That Part I Know How It Feels To Lose A Baby.. You Are Very Strong To Do The Part...
Alex never lied about having a girl and cheatin. You can't compare dirty to clean
Jersey Shore time!
its really funny have you seen american pie or bandcamp ? its like those rwo movies
Hey Mama J! I'm working on my vocals, hopefully I'll work with you someday
I Hate when people cut me off
Gotta be Slaughterhouse
Love 5by5.tv :-)
A dresser, small table and desk chair. :)
same here. round/day2 at the DMV today "/ ..i need a DMV hook up lol
My admiration! Sending a bottle of multi-vits your way!
My dear cat doesn't like me to sleep past 5.30. She wants me awake and downstairs to watch her eat and listen to her use the litter box.
I would say that is a Ruger 22 cal, semi automatic pistol!
Correction: They put my Freshman Aspie in with a class of Seniors. He asked them if they were SEXY SENIOR CITIZENS.
RT : Perfection is not a destination, it is a process. Be tireless in your pursuit of your calling. Work at it.
Best: trading Wallace to create playing time for Batum. Worst: having to watch Felton for the rest of the season
sorry for the late reply. Producers and directors can submit their films and at the website there are more dets on eligibility
Next frontier in North American #sportsbiz - jersey sponsorships. I'm a traditionalist and opposed, but revenue potential is hard to ignore.
Carouse and Supply special moves ... yes, but they're not as solid as Hit the Street.
Mnemonic to remember the heads on Mount Rushmore - "We Just Like Rushmore" Washington, Jefferson, Lincoln, Roosevelt.
Amen RT: Thank you
When is the Huffington Post changing their name to the Obama for Re-Election Post? At least they didn't put a rainbow halo on his head->
spring break Suckas !
True art is characterized by an irresistible urge in the creative artist. ~Albert Einstein
and Reggie Wayne have you heard about the latest on Peyton maybe a broncos that's the latest
This is me, literally, begging for your attention/affection.
f4f? #teamfollowback Have a GREAT weekend!
31 degrees outside. 60 in my room !!!'
Let's talk about you and me ... <U+2764>
Words of Wine Wisdom: "If food is the body of good living, wine is its soul." ~ Clifton Fadiman
Are you a #Bikram yogini? I've been practicing for 8 months. I feel great!
listening to audio about scaling your business by outsourcing. great stuff!!
Hurrah! One last hectic, frenetic day at work, and then it's off to the Spring meeting!
Rule No.1: Never lose money. Rule No.2: Never forget rule No.1. - Warren Buffett
It is finished, He has done it. Life conquered death. Jesus Christ has won it!
Napoleon Bonaparte No man can stand on top because he is put there
happy birthday and slow hand clapton
Gr8! Thx so much for the info :) Will check out.
Making phresh beatz with Do work, get money, do damage.
I know how Samantha Brick feels; I too labor under the terrible strain for being far too not-average-looking.
Filner says he brought best superintendent we've had in San Diego, gaslamp plan, balboa park plan.
You just look and sound soo sweet but your not are you -___-
I wonder if they've bothered to gloatingly announce the respective temps of MPLS and FtMyers before Twins Spring Training games this week.
Manatt Phelps & Phillips entertainment litigation co-chair is going to Loeb & Loeb in LA.
Basically She Said Something Slick,When Her And Dee Was On The Phone She Told Her She Was Gone Try And Fight Me The Next Day.
&amp;' My Ass Right In The House
So, you say you're a horse lover who loves sports. Are you going to the Ky Derby this year?
I cried when ryan dunn died! :(
yeah i know haha and whenever u want
Had the best time announcing at the Christmas Parade! Thanks 4 inviting me to be part of it! Stay tuned 4 times to watch on TV.
that's not why.
haha(: I have more followers than you :P #Winning.!
are we doing lunch? or did plans go astray?
Good thought. I'll have to remember that.
I always love Sunday evenings until I realize that tomorrow is Monday...
on plane to san jose. meetings at google this week. GAN conference.
haha am growing up that's why lol & really thanks fo' letting me know, don't let her fall asleep am gonna call her at 12 lol
are performing entire set of new songs !
Great meeting you today, Love the "5th wave" concept!
Good morning, ! Study hard and stay dry!
calling me fat bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
do you have any more do you mind if i post them up
where's that?
they look like two straight lines D: haha thank you though
boo ya. Yeah Jeff, she's a big girl!
When they kmin out with that Bentley truck ?? Lol
hey thanks for visting as we are a BLOCK from Zuccoti Park
So hungry and so gladys mommy came home to make some
Floyd Mayweather shoud use some of those millions and look his boy Al Marshall Up for some Fine Homes & Estates befor his fight. Win Win Win
#Groupon is on Ellen on 09/15! We r looking to feature great things to do in #North #AL. Anyone want national exposure? RT Please! THX!!
I finally fit into my camo pants!!! My goal has been reached, I'm skinny again!
"you don't have to cut your wrists." what the actual fuck are these 10 year olds talking about...
ok. please DM acct# or phone+zip, i'll help get billing name and equip corrected for you
grow the fuck up.
Game against Houston.
Film review: &#39;Marley&#39; documentary captures icon of reggae
lights are out in the office today. little cave is not helping me to stay awake... Into the Light Carol Anne to the rescue!
RT : The energy of the crowd will never exceed the energy of the stage.
The whole emphasis of our spiritual practice should be aimed at creating positive and healthy thoughts and actions. -Dalai Lama
Is it bred into all white ppls DNA that when we see#WeWontWork is a tending topic we automatically think it was a motto started by black ppl
Hawkeye! RT : Ironman or Hulk? How about Thor? May have to go see the #Avengers again this weekend...
sorry to hear that Mel, best wishes to you and your family.
My goal this year is to make 25-50% as much more money than I made last year!!! I'm a got getta by any means!!!
we work off an Excel template, since our projects vary from video to iPad apps (and stuff in between). More flexibilty that way.
And what exactly is your idea of bad weather? lol
>>I don't know that answer sir..I speak what I know..what u think?
Happy birthday remember its your day dont let anyone tell you otherwise. Enjoy and be safe
Fed-ex's packing peanuts are to die for ;)
"Think as big as you like but talk and act smaller"-Alexander Durtka. Fav. quote from great WEDA conf in WI.
": These weekends are teasing me... #10moredays #summersummersummer"
first rehearsal went amazingly well!
Facing deadline pressure today, while taking care of a sick child. Hope you're making the most of your day.
Kennedy: guv's defense is that all maps have partisan bias and other plaintiffs were unwilling to work with the Judge.
So, OU softball won, Barons won, UCO softball going to the World series. Good day for Oklahoma sports.
bout hit up da gym yo...class was long af today.
Somebody come see me at work!
Food poisoning....I'm #dead uuuuggghhhh Been puking up my life since Saturday! FML
Don't forget Matt Millen in your list of awful administration/commentators. No need to commit a crime of omission.
text me c;
Hammond "don't look at team as broke. Holes that need to be filled."
I wonder if the Southwest people knew who Billie Joe Armstrong was when they kicked him off the flight for baggy pants.
Donate a pair of closed-toe, work appropriate shoes and get 30% off a single pair of new shoes at Sabot this weekend. Starts tomorrow.
looks like is
How did the beard turn out?
lmao! Idk how you've lived w/out it!! “: I`m going to install Adobe Reader just for you lol !!!”
Bonjour! I love your Twitter app Plume for #Android. C'est magnifique!
Average visual arts funding cuts due to NCLB = 30%
Thanks for listening! And no better time to play basketball than during March in Indiana :-)
What's the point of smoking cigarets?
Women's tennis beats Seton Hall 4-0 in Big East Tourney, moves on to play DePaul at 12 today. Men's matchup vs. Louisville already underway.
public wifi FAIL!!! I had a micromeltdown and ended up using my phone. So much for preloaded pix
I bleed cherry koolaid bitch :-)
See ya there!
I wish would follow me D:
lol. Hope all is going well for you, have a great week Zach.
Wow lots of people for can mobile be social panel. Awesome!
: I just checked a book out at UNLV for thesis research and discovered notes written in ink. In Chinese.
recipe for that soup w/ chocolate???
i hate hearin about corrupt cops that shot 1st and ask question later. They didnt have 2 do shawdy like that
British headlines always leave me wondering if I am supposed to laugh or not.
Bil Hall hits a home run in his first game with the #Orioles. 5-3 in the eighth over #Rays. First homer since May 14, 2011.
Likes LA much better than Miami. Much.
My grand twitterplan for #AsiaTrinity Tour foiled by a dead iPad on day three. Ugh!
Yumm I want some food
Watching my cats on the DVR. Watching a UK beat down without commercials, priceless.
should have the t-shirt that says: "Don't MAKE me make you ask your heart." Cuz she said that & she loves fiercely.
RT : What takes more effort... Hitting me back or coming up with a lie for why you didn't?
Always share the credit, take the blame
the Epic Poker value prop centered on the freeroll. start-up capital plan should take you to that point regardless of BF
will discuss Indiana Education on Fox59 at 4:30. Tune in!
I'm real. I checked.
RT : Come visit the best of the best!! the best gym in LA!! Marina Del Rey Grand Opening April 16th!!
Rule #1 of UX: ship a bug-free product that's fast.
Just so outstanding! Loved it.
We have the burgers, we have the seating, we even have the desert. The only thing missing is you! And possibly beer...
I'm a rappin ass nigga....N i still be in da hood
OMG !!! thank u so much :) for following me :O I cant believe :O OMG !!! I scream !!! : thank u so much :D
good night my #beliebers and and remember to
MLK Streets Project is excited to be on radar. From DC to Dakar: 2013.
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm really quiet. Not shy, just a quiet person.
are y'all getting them in stock tho
We're headed there tomorrow, just finished TFL today... Your pics/posts are great, thanks! (from a fellow DC'er)
when I get home in a little while I can send it to you.
But if you scared go to church open Sunday...
oh hey I met some ucsd people who know you at a wedding last week, we both said "do you know Declan?" at the same time
#FREEFORTE RT : Congrats to Rosenhaus Sports client Lance Briggs on his contract extension. Well deserved Lance! Classy mo..
was right about ...excellent customer service today; great meal and atmosphere...: )
watching tv and downloading music , why the sad face?
omg! me and my sisters and grandma are trapped in the storm!! it came out of no where!!! ah!!!!!!
My nerves are shot!!
i have my dress, my shoes, my accessories, um i still need my mask lol
Dream BIG, and greater things come your way! :-)
*Local 19 Members* Special order of business meeting at the Union Hall tonight. Please try to attend.
Happy 10th birthday to ! Best student org in (Yes, I am completely biased ;)
It's a JOHN CARTER level of marketing incompetence. Really weird. So's the movie, but still. (2/2)
Thanks! When no one else - including myself - believed in me, you did without hesitation!! #ToGiveIsToGet RT
I think if I listened to the sigur ros song "festival" over and over for a year I would feel something different every time.
Hi Gail, are you back in town? woudl love to get in touch.
I m a good cook. Who would have thought! Lol
OMG! They sound REALLY GOOD! I didn't think they would sound this good!!! REALLY GOOD!!!
“: The percentages displayed on tonight's result slide were not accurate. The actual margin was 53-47. #gwu”
just tossed a mouse to my snake. snake is trying *very hard* to kill his *fake* plant.
No problem, and it's not too bad down here...ha.
Looking more and more like NJ might get a much-needed soaking rain this weekend. Highest potential Sun-Mon
Have you thought about working with Jack to add functionality to Vooba rather than starting from scratch?
I am glad I did not open that link in front of my cat. The last thing I need is for him to get ideas.
that's what I'm taking about, Big Blue Everything!
Welcome to Mizzou!
#YouGetPoints if you're a Dork!
Just waking up. Feel good being back home in Mississippi
What I expect to see when I turn on the lights of a dark room: 80% A Murderer 29% A Robber 1% A room with nobody in it
Hardly...just because I wear bow ties and talk fashion doesn't make me anything close to Brad.
thank you!
Thanks to all our new followers! Ask your #manta businesses to follow us and like us on Facebook!! We appreciate it!!!
i know right!me too!
ill give you an ass whooping!
# QuestionsIHateBeingAsked who u with.do u miss me. Wat u doin after graduation
Aye 7 dollar haircuts
while you droolin over her, SHE DROOLIN ON ME!! LMMFAO
RT : What a great Friday with partners in our coalition! #INtransit will press forward with greater momentum and organization.
what it do <U+E409>
you were pretty high on my list but you're crashing impressively right now.
I should be on a cloud panel right now but instead I am fighting the evil Parallels VM gods...for my sessions tomorrow...sorry guys...LAME
I usually dress up for New Years Eve but this year is downright ridiculous: Hot pink fringed shiny western shirt. Pumped. Favorite holiday.
lol whatever works!
Looking for advice on a simple low cost or free web enabled database or #CRM shared by 20+ offices across USA to track #cre lender contacts
I'm just hyperventilating
My computer beat me at checkers, but I sure beat it at kickboxing
Bout Time! RT : #Tigers announced after game they have released Brandon Inge, and recalled Brad Eldred from Toledo.
ur lucky that u gettin ur braces of 2mm I'm gettin them on pretty soon
Whoop ass season has begun MIAMI HEAT all day
when are we going to go tan today?
What's everyone up to this weekend?
My ooh-shiny-object-ADD seems to be in overdrive today.
"Never Give Up"
Mr. President,what is your position on North Korea and their firing of rocket carrying a satellite into space?
My mom is on a twitter rampage!!!
#fuckedup its better that way now-days
a teacher can play a critical role when influencing the student to develop his or her talent. Qualified teachers = better students.
Know someone who owns a sweet-shop that can make Zipster treats? A cupcake w/a green Z on top, a donut frosted w/MINI Misfit, etc... DM us!
Thank you for the sound advice lol
A day like today can only be fixed by #diving, or wine, or tacos, or all the above.
2 months coffee free and just stopped by a Nutella latte.This stuff is like crack, but I can stop anytime I want. Really.
Loving the #SpinalTap references on #DWTS! Rock & roll!!
The best part of today: my nose appears to have quit running after nearly a month of allergy induced torture.
World Cup dream is over for Sinbad
Do you ever go to library conferences? BTW- this is long lost Jordan from Valpo...
Thanks for the #FF shoutout - have a great weekend
thank you for following me. Good luck with your cadidacy for ED.D, docprov
you don't need a dress to look pretty<3
Thanks for your candor about the red on Gonzalez. Much appreciated.
You should have told me to go with you. We would have made a cute couple, Brian.
RT : scaring the children with tonight at
T2: Let me rephrase: providers can provide ACO patients with info that will help them improve their health
#Apartments for rent all over greater Houston. Pick of the litter!
9am and mum's making me get up to go to the shops
hope you are on watch! Last six batters, six K's
#blackparentsquotes I'm too old a damn hog to called a pig.
My ears are ringing so bad today. Tinnitus sucks. :(
In the car with my brother...no fights... Yet ...>:) lol mischievous feeling coming on...
Late night of coding and QA finally done! Hopefully the #Broncos have a new QB when I wake up!
NBC: Plane took off this morning from Slidell, LA, enroute to Sarasota, FL - pilot now reported incapacitated
Senior Appreciation at Rivcity!
Thanks for coming! #fordla At the for 's noGOODdeed. Already loving the scenic design.
Anyone else not liking the #newtwitter ?!
i didn't tell you to get on twitter.. to do all of that....
he ain't got no one to throw to like he did at OK State/be prepared for 16 for 23 completion & 165 yards per game
I'd like to see their timeline
Love like you have never beem hurt <3
OMG guess who just followed me DoMiNiQuE!?!?!!!!!!
All expenses, nothing less than a receipt for my youth.
#Kings asst. equip mgr is son of #Coyotes equip mgr Stan Wilson - he does a wild dance after big wins to keep the boys loose, he says.
Hskxo sort of
heyy I clicked "find friends" on twitter & it told me I should follow you lol.
Glad you enjoyed our OBP2. Cheers!
If I do, I'll be so happy! I can hardly imagine it now :)
I want a tickets Por favor!!!
I want some effin chicken!!
proud of the #phillydrivers today actually. only took 45 minutes taking 76 CC to KOP
I love my fish <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0>
Grohl just cursed the machines. Right on, Grohl!!!
MAN CITY!!!
we dont like that fake #streetfix hash tagging, we the real the REAL #STREETFIXRADIO we see u ya'll drowning , we
No, you don't.
don't taunt and make it fall ,and use the 2 second rule, bless it hold it up to heaven, then... I still got some ice cream!
- That's my favorite too!! YUM
Who would honestly want #PennState head coaching job?
Can tell it's #MardiGras time in Nawlins based on the progressively incoherent phone messages from my friends there today
Go San Jose SHARKS!!!
Talent & scandal equally, absurdly, high for
By 2017, the CMOs IT spending Will be greater than the CIOs.
lol best part!!!! Other than "it's time to milk the cow!!"
sounds like u and have similar conflicts right now. Studying abroad was 1 of the #bestexperiences I ever had
can u get it?
Hey Everyone! Maybe you should take a half day today...the Auto Show starts at 1! :)
please follow your la Mahone crew!!!!!
hey jimi im trying to follow you but it's says forbidden
Its not the same with out you
I think I did C average work on my spanish presentation and my in class essay for poli sci.
Lost interest in Newstalk since Ivan Yates and Dunphy's departure
If Drewski is my waiter, I'm killing him and myself before anyone even figures out what's going on.
and I think a person, once a new yorker, always a new yorker.
Great (Alabama) Shakes #sxsw #kcrw day stage. Awesome show.
On my way to a bb hookup in Waikiki.
Sharing is the no. 1 thing makes someone want to tweet/blog about a presentation
yes sir it will all be there :)
yeah, I feel like crap! Definitely need to get back on track!
RT : Get Free #Video #Email Today. No Credit Card Needed. New Tool Everyone Must Have. Get Yours Free Today!...
Its 3:00 in the morning and im not even tired. What's wrong with me? Ha
Semolina Gnocchi with sweet potato, hazelnuts, hen of the woods, brown butter, and blue cheese!!!
“: It's better to know and be disappointed than to never know and always wonder.”
You just described me. To a T.
That's a first, but I guess there's a first time for everything.
"Damn that guy look like Rickey Martin!"
Thanks Chris, We appreciate it!! Can't wait to catch a few games this year.
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Revenue is great, but PROFIT is better. So easy to forget this as an entrepreneur!
men win all the time
lmao im telling you bro he's just as funny as lavell. that part about michael jordan had me DYIN lol
Men, remember that when it comes to jeans, buy darker denim that fits well. Not up to your waist...not down on the ground.
RT : Hot 100 launches this Friday the 27th April , the talent is on fire!
ASKS: What has been one of your favorite PR campaigns of the last year?
RT : Man I'm ready to get to Florida with #2012isTheBeginning /// yessir!
I always get confused when people change avatars :)
Chicago Voices of Peace at the Illinois State Building Chicago on Saturday Guests Lupe Fiasco, Actor Harry Lennix and many more artists.
Thanks for your RT!
#Knicks lead Miami 40-36 at halftime. Could have, and should have been more.
Holy Crap! Giant hawk sitting on the birch right outside my window!
job interview
Everybody has been making fun of the way I talk all week. I hate having a
yeah, I would pick anywhere over vista. I hear it's like going to OC all over again. I would rather eat my own uterus. Lol
Visiting awesome space.Great design with workspace, connecting space, conf rooms, a cafe and over 300 members.
definitely. hard for me to denounce our microwave society when I participate in it daily.
PickUpLine: I'm not a slut I'm popular. Screw me and you can be the Big Man on Campus.
Hey, we heard that! :)
It's never as bad as you think. It always looks better in the morning.
was watchin channel 1 news today and ur song came on. started crying, screaming nd jumpin cuz i ws excited. got detention...
Kendall sings ‘Cover Girl’ to me every morning ;) It's my alarm..
has work. don't worry. we'll be fashionable, we'll be late, we'll be bringing patron.
Its earlier than that thang out chea
Blackhawks general manager Stan Bowman has already pulled off one deal this month
I will make you a treat for when you come home. Lemon bars sound good?
How have homework routines worked for your ADHD child? What types of routines have you tried?
Hello Miami. treat me good tonight please :)
Never get ya feelins 2 caught up in a moment that won't last..!
definitely give it a try, it probably takes quite a bit more practice and finesse than when i worked with it, hehe. good luck!
Just told Ryan about my woobee :3 woobee = purple silky blanket.
Some noteworthy
Just left memorial service for former MGM CEO Terry Lanni. Coverage tonight at 10 and 11.
The soil says, "Do not bring me your need. Bring me your seed."
blonde girl probz? I haven't heard that one before
RT : Poll: Do you like Popchips? Yes, but some flavors more than others
Apparently the 1912 Red Sox moonlighted as house painters.
Thanks for the follow! Happy Friday.
I have too pee from excitement .
"For every pulse a thanksgiving, and for each breath a song". Friday Thanksgiving dinner is about to commence.
What do you think of artists switching careers? Does making art in one forum decrease your aptitude in another?
"I don't want you to go either<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>" Then don't leave me! D; <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. – Albert Einstein
agggh!!! I can't get into my lycos email account!!!!
Q: If you could have sex with any guy in the world, who will it be? Any one of the guys from one direction. Unf....
Just auditioned to be Rihanna's bodyguard for an Armani commercial. Some days are better than others...
Wow what a day of great workout and training sessions ! Time to raid my kitchen once more! Than relax and bed! Gym in the am !
you look so different! *whistles*
Thanks to and the morning crew for sporting some fantastic Goodwill sweaters this morning!
Friendship isn't a thing you learn in school.But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you haven't learned a thing. Muhammad Ali
When I got home tonight, I packed my suitcase like I was never coming back then laid it on top of my chest just to feel somebody's weight.
She and I are now going to meet monthly. Loads of cool possibilities. Gonna promo too. She's awesome.
Will send you a DM right now! =)
Have you ever seen the new issue of www.fromspainmagazine.com ? Take a look at the articles about , and resol!
this problem has haunted the Black community for decades, and now the Hispanic community. The reason for disrespect in both.
hey u said cross instead of criss. ya i hate auto correct on my phone, does it everytime. makes mine cross as well lol
Hey everyone this is my music page I had to make it separate from my personal to keep ya'll updated on different shows.
On the air with Israeli singer Aric Sinai on www.radiokolamerica.com
Just woke up. Now i'm gettin ready for school
I think I only have another new follower.. lol Hope u girls had a wonderful day. Lastnight was so much fun!!
BOOM. I closed the polls of Glendale. BOOM.
now there's no touch input, and when I press the power button once, it simply restarts.
#scottsdale friends: Please read up on your city council candidates! And be sure to vote. I support
Rebel America lands song placement with Canadian Film Company "MatchBox Pictures"
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe when people dont have respect for themselves
that simple smile of yours... made me fall deep into love <3
At Starlight, watching a Prairie Home Companion
“Life is not measured by the number of breaths we take, but by the moments that take our breath away.” <U+2015> Maya Angelou
This question popped into mind and is now beginning to plague me: are virtues (particularly moral virtues) socially constructed?
That moment when you're about to make your weekly Sunday call home, and you remember your parents are on a cruise. Without you.
Just had some of the best oysters I've ever tried
#NowPlaying: Vinyl Grooves featuring our guest (actor/writer) #Luke Y. Thompson
Thank you for the follow. My event planning services are free for the next two months as I am building my portfolio.
#Fusion2012 Comm Impact-Arts Ensemble/Collective nominees: New Dawn Theater Co & NE Atlanta Ballet - Good Luck!
Take a deep breath a get back to work...
Plan B playing some terrible mashups tonight.
enjoying the presentation about YouTube! Great tips!
u serious summer homework stupid schools(:
Xanax, O Xanax,where for art thou,Xanax?? No really.Where the fuck are you??
Glad you see it that way. But I'm talking about health-wise.
Just made a beat i really intended to sell but I gotta keep it to myself, writing to it now...lol
Jesus died just for HIM when , at least per the Bible, Jesus died for everyone. Not just Tebow
true if she hit first best believe its on like donkeykong but im not about to NOT walk.the stage for some punk ass girl
-sighs, hobbles away-
So, I'm ill today and my 2yo is home with me. Bad mom cuz she's been in tub for 25 min?
Awhh thank u
Had a great day hanging with wifey and the fam in Julian. Happy Mother's Day to all the moms.. Hope your day was full of love..
Miles loves !
#BoRyan is making a fool of himself on right now.
then i guess i better show up too!! ;)
are you still at the airport?i just got here too.
IUP Students: RT : Have you ever wanted to be an event planner? Apply for the summer Trade Show Coordinator Internship.
you don't know her anymore! She loves me now.
"i need a smart girl with a dumb booty" so this is what i've been doing wrong all these years.
eeeeewww why x:)
I'm going to punch the next person who calls me Indian.
He said I looked beautiful today >>> <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+263A>
Still getting me.
Webinar: Our new partner will discuss the role lead nurturing plays in a successful marketing campaign bit.ly/qLaD4U
RT photo shoot with today to get promo images for upcoming performance at
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FOR JSUTIN
It's a me day - getting a trim and then off to find a pair of jeans that fit right. Fingers crossed!
Not really... I can keep up with it ;)
Wheeler is god awful. Get rid of this guy!
Cmon It Just Takes 5 Seconds To Press That Follow Button On 's Profile.! :)
Just like the Hawks aren't the same without you, Boychuk, and Aaronson...but time marches on :( Hope you have a great year!
Whats so "smart" about Smartlipo & High Definition? Tune in this Sunday at 11:30am on ABC to find out!
Thanks everyone!
Flute ensemble pays tribute to history
I miss you too!
Bron can't miss both
none at all, which was its main attraction! Also, I have 2 books now, but will bring them to library when I accumulate more.
TweetDeck has some lag problems with their tweet-typing interface.
Gotta feel me
funny part is she's prob still single lmao. Let me stop
how wants to come to Tri-C rock off at house of blues with me?!?!
My koala's name is Liam too, everything I have is named Liam :P ohh, :D
Not sold out but nice and full! It was awesome. Even better than I expected.
Ahaha! A lotta people do! He's hott too!(;
New drinking game: YT any Taylor Swift song and drink for anyone who covers her worse than her own live performances.
Running someone off the road is not an acceptable turn signal dipshit.
i'm invisible. i'm not good enough. i'm not those other girls and i just have to accept that. but i can't.
: RT : Launch T zero now confirmed as 4:55 am Cape Canaveral time on Sat, May 19. I will be tweeting live from missi ...
Spending all day tomorrow in Cape Cod! Hope my little one survives the three-hour trip twice in one day!
Being popular on Facebook is like sitting at the cool table in the cafeteria at a mental hospital.
Can't wait to get my Internet stable again so I can start adding more paintings to my etsy!
#HTH2012 demos multispectral images showing multiple layers, highly nuanced calls it "digital archaeology" in LoC documents
You know what tomorrow is, don't you? Free Art Friday!
it was painful. rep didn't understand why i was asking for an e-mail instead of a fax number
In Pittsburgh meeting with the biggest sports retailer in the States
That's true, wish I was an avacados :'(
ha ha, will have to setup a coffee chat sometime in NYC or DC (next semester). Hope #SLS12 was awesome! #WeLoveEntrepreneurs :)
My #BF says I'm always horny, is that a good or a bad thing? Hehehehe
Bad news gang. After this week I'm on a temporary leave from the podcast
I KNO DATS RITE...CAUSE I GOTTA HAVE U OUT WIT ME ALL THE TIME...U GOTTA BE SEEN SEXY
Happy new year. I'm gonna drive a tractor now.
Well, at least its not "set" to "go off" til break is over... ~Devin.Anne<3
okay 's first lady is gangsta!
LOL, thank you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
well imma put it like this. You like super nintendo, then you will like this one bro. Has some influences. The end. Lol.
" In the mouth of a Liar the truth becomes doubtful. "
Liked infographic on growth of images; has followed growth in network speed that supports use of photos&videos
Can you imagine A Davis doing 4 years of school like a patrick ewing, or ralph sampson? Mens college basketball is so diluted. WBB = pure
pretty much, then toasted!
My twitter is blowing up with musicology fun. Still pretending I'm at
sick thanks Jason I'll see if my email still works and if not I'll try the alumni one
remember me in kenzie's car? Prolly not...
YES. BAM. Made my day! RT : Congrats , you won! Please email me :)
Every time I turn on the news I see a report of teacher having sex with a student! Where were these teachers when I was in high school!!
I loved it too! Will def watch again.
- Thx 4 the update & info! No worries. U all have helped out a bunch.
I love the episode of Misfits with Sam Keeley. He's so fit!
the wanted - if you could be any flavour ot colour of jelly baen what would it be and why???x p.s i love you tomm x <3
Sorry Lions. Maybe next year
Going thru some troubles with my girl...and because I'm the kinda guy that fills the void with food I've lost 20 pounds.
Willow is Tim Tebow and I'm the Lord of Jesus Christ the Son of Holy Spirit
I just remembered that it's March and this March Madness whatever is likely responsible for the imncomprehensible tweets in my feed tonight.
Agreed. RT ": I have never understood why women with really short hair put it up in that baby ponytail."
Feel like crap./: ugh.
how did you find out did you see one of my tweets or somethin??? Lol
Girls will be gone 6 days. Wish I had somewhere to go. Feeling blue.
It seems like it is a fashion trend for people to go to therapists or shrinks, but therapists and shrinks also go to therapists and shrinks.
he's dope and yea I'm learning dubstep as we speak
The fact that and are telling me that I talked in my sleep last night!
RED in Huntington with
Maybe. I asked Google Books' twitter account, so we'll see if I get a definitive answer.
I have no qualms with anything at all. Raven, stop putting words in my mouth & focus on finding Katie O'Riley!!
greensboro cowboys
Angelina Jolie still got it. Please adopt this Asian kid.
m belugas
I love you guys too you two have no idea how much I love you guys, will always be in my Heart"Belieber Here"
Extra 2 weeks is said to not reflect the outcome if the election
Because Gil Scott Heron says so?
Yes. Making a note to self to bring dongle and put the staff excellence behind me.
Good Night Miami, Good Morning Jacksonville!!!
Build your hopes on things eternal!
Embrace the wobbles! Thank you Buffy Hamilton!!
Home, and really sleepy..... Long day.
Completely agree. Worlds away from the disconnect seen two months ago. The effort to create a more positive environment is evident
We're doing well, but missing Alto Adige
Forgot how much I love country music!
Checked out the MJ Prince tribute, all i have to say is "Annie are you okay? Annie are you okay? Are u ok Annie..." it was incredible
thanks for the follow and God Bless You!
Bamboozle is the best thing since sliced bread.
What is the real reason that stops you from hiring an interior designer? Please be honest and ask friends to comment as well. Thanks!
I need coffee in my bloodstream
Marquis Hill Trio is swinging! Charlie Kirchen is on bass tonight, and Jeremy Cunningham is on drums. Sounding great!
I'm just so overwhelmed right now. Sometimes I really don't know how I'm gonna make it. God, please give me strength. =/
lol no! I love my cats
Convince them to have a 2012 tour!! Glee is what helps me get through life and I was really hoping to go to the concert!!
#fullasfuck my belly is full and might have to poop later... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Facebook for Business: Opportunities and Limitations
RT: "best frosting rainbow chip @" My saving grace right now!
Dear daylight savings...thanks for the extra hour I have to spend at work -_- #fuckoff wheres
A shot of whiskey and an ice cold rainier only $5.25 until 8. Lets's get the weekend started!
WAIT R U A GUY OR GURL
definitely! I was so over school especially with this weather. How bout you! You done yet?
*texts Stripper Bear* Oops.
Alabama Crimson Tide 2012 National Champs thank yall for stomping over lswho.Arkansas is going to win it next year WPS!!! HOG NATION!!
Today's BTU inspiration: "We can’t control our circumstances, but we can release our attachment to expectations." ~Be Truly You
And Freedom Fries were invented in Crazytown, USA. RT : French Fries were actually invented in Belgium
Help! I need somebody
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook...when you deactivate for a break, your "friends" act like you BROKE UP with them! I got work to do. Damn! lol
. thanks so much for the write-up on new Spring children's books! EXCUSES art is my favourite, so I'm glad you like it!
Lets go Flyers!!!!!
great time last night boys. From what I remember
Sanford, Fla., city of 6-year-old Isabel Mercedes; her mom, brother and puzzled after gay teen's suicide?
Homeless man finds daughter through Twitter would love to find my dad also Steve phillips ru out there in vt? i would love to meet you
Join me for the next #CMLbookchat. Sept 6th 7-8PM EST. In honor of back to school, let's chat about books of your academic past.
whenever I hear that people try to ban Judy Blume books I always feel like someone tried to take away a fav childhood memory
we can after though! If you want(:
All the energy put into a frown could be used for half a dozen smiles!
Mfs just won't quit..hatin on us cuz we got what they want
what book is that?
great job!!!
Tweet 100: FUN FACT: St Drunken's drapes did not match his clarpet.
Hell yea I'm wit you all the way!!
I need to go to sleep. And get some work done. TOO MUCH TO DO!!! I'm going to explode. Haha
Ever been to our place at Xtreme Trampolines? You ought to come by sometime, let people know about it!
Free snacks and tye dye at PJPII until 1:30 p.m. Get some finals relief! :)
happy early birthday Josie!!!
Black Diamond Shamballas is a dope song <3 detention is still my number one favorite
Get ready for us next year! Be on the lookout for our EPK. We'll be all over Austin in the meantime. Peace and One Love
is wondering if anyone cares that both Super Bowl quarterbacks are Irish-Anericans.
Me and had a dance party on the sidewalk xD
lol catz. Btw you're looking extra creepy in your piccc... Layin down all awkward and what not. Just saying though lulz
Empathy & compassion, a great listener & communicator, a user/member advocate.
Liftin those Boxes was a work-out.
Cheers for the mention.
sweet. How's that going? Haha and oh really?(: haha
thank you =)
I'm just saying....
I swear everyday I wonder why my school doesn't have hot guys like you.
NEBHE staff quotes cont: instead of making CC's the culprit as quoted in Globe, emphasis needs to shift to why students are underprepared.
How do I tell what happened in my life, so that you all could realise the same. I never knew until she died, the truth! She came to show me.
this just made my year
Librotraficante caravan coming to el paso! March 14 at 7pm. Mark your calendars! :)
Church:) #Who'sSideAreYouFightinOn?
Laws and regulations are incomplete & ambiguous, don't meet NSTIC goals, & vary by jurisdiction and may be incompatible
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (pghha)
Hollywood's most absurd movie cross-dressers! Inspired by 'Norbit', 'White Chicks' and the recent 'Jack & Jill'.
Just tried calling you. Call me back when you can...
Kick ass show last night fellas. , , and murdered a sold out crowd
Sorry man, just never been a KG fan. I'm biased when it comes to him, I admit it lol.
Thank you for pulling Hank Williams. Have a contest to replace him
About to watch that behind the music
RT : "That remarkable ageless stowaway..." Kevin Spacey paying moving, eloquent tribute to our Helen Hayes.
Thanks for following, James!
thanks! He is quite a looker if I do say so.....
i sent you My number on fb man shoot me a text!
yeah that's true! Will it help that it's global or is it the roaming charges?
Leaving in 3 weeks!! Any potential tour guides out there?
Excellent! I'll be sure to have it with me for you.
I can't RT this enough. “: its all about the great sex”
Well not necessarily for my site, but say press mentions for ex. I dont mind the twitter convo, it's good to have open dialogue
Tiger Woods will have a hard time playing golf without hecklers in the crowd. It looks like his image is ruined & kids will need a new idol.
Mike Jantorno defeats Todd Erbaugh Round Three :54 Tap Out due to RNC
There is not enough Diet Coke available to me today.
Who else was late to work/school this morning and needs an IV of coffee right now?
First time Detroit hasn't advanced to the second round since 2006, second since 2003. Both first round victors (EDM, ANA) went to Cup Finals
Its cool but I should have came last week too RT : *snaps* for he went to bio today !!! Hows that treatin you
Wore stilettos too long today. #MyFeetHurt :'(
O.....what a beautiful morning it is here in Portland ....absolutely refreshing
“: This song is just like Doctors Orders from Catch Me If You Can #smash” I was thinking the same thing!
damn it! I was just trying to make it fit...in the twitter box!
Aw thanks your truly kind:)
Steven Madden Ltd. Earnings: Company Enjoys Fifth Straight Quarter of Double-Digit Growth
Remember WWJD, kids - what would Jess do? "I would think of all terrible outcomes and pick the path of least destruction"
thought you were fucking pat
hi Jakob I miss you
How realistic is it to feed the world with the farm space available today?
<U+2640>Being your true self is the most effective formula that births realness and success......FYI: “Aint No Future In FRONTIN” <U+2640>Be yo self<U+2640>
Definitely gonna miss Coffee Buddha when I move away from the north hills in a couple wks. Any suggestions for coffee shops in Monroeville?
Need to start working out... maybe ill do that today too?
surprised bathroom is so low RT Where fans admit they've checked game scores: Bathroom 25%, Church 8%, Funeral 4% Yahoo Survey
haha that was amazing!
<- this photo of me was taken by me. I will gladly take yours as well.
Happy Birthday to my Twitter account, which turns 5 today.
Listening preaching "Branded for Christ" Gal 6:17, "...let no one cause trouble for me, for I bear...the brand-marks of Jesus."
Some of us have mad skills in one area. Others in another. But helpyness makes it all work! Speaking of... got a favor to ask! Hehe
Baby with fatal illness has &#39;bucket list&#39;
The Timbers season is over. But Timbers radio post game show is underway on 101 KXL. Share your memories now at 503-417-9595.
S/O to people who look like naked mole rats today.
I'd wear it : Needs 2b t-shirt that says "I wish this was Nathan Fillion" with a <U+2B05>. Have people wear it next to
AND no more #Ringer?!!!! What is WRONG with you people!!!!! I need more wine.
Great turn out at Detroit Property Tech workshop!
it is a voluntarily association as are all of the bar/rest association, he chooses not to participate.
That place is huge! Love NOLA!
friendly reminder #docc in an hour
outside left mid and striker
work on it.
ima get u the walker with the tennis balls lol withco old ass jtfo
The median income for single black women is $5 compared to $42k for their white counterparts.
YES! I got to use the term dayparting in an actual question. AND I bragged about it to coworkers. AND I'm bragging on Twitter!
lol I know, I just happened to sit down and saw the first. lol Enjoy your family!!! Yup you know it's a #SpartanMomtweet ;)
NEVERMIND, I FOUND IT. Phew. That was a close one.
I love working with so many beautiful women, inside and out.
The five homeless men who sued the city over panhandling ordinance tells have appealed the suit's dismissal
The Shema serves as more than just a renewal and reenactment of Sinai: it is a memorial of Yeshua's loving obedience
Happy I will have gotten to miss algebra twice this week feel sorry for my future grade hope I can keep it up
Volume: Thick hair is always beautiful. Go for extra hair extensions to have fullness.
Love days like this, <33
WILDIN' CAUSE IM YOUNG
who wants to help #makeachange just like ? WE DONATE FOR EVERY FOLLOW TO #FINDACURE! FOLLOW US & #NEVERSAYNEVER :)
Thanks, Gwen! AJC is a long time fave here.
Thank you for your tweets today about #NoKidHungry!!
Going to be a beautiful night for Art + Design night. From 7-10 in the #DesignDistrict. Please RT.
Thanks for coming out today, Jodi!
Nice piece on mindful eating this morning. Been doing a general mindfulness class+my wife is an RD, so right in my wheelhouse
Them was sum bogus calls
No love lost no love found
Yeah but they'd be tropical bag.
im not moving
Hi Dave, please take a look at , where you can list your sponsorship request for free!
"The Star" is shining brighter than EVER!
how do we get into that kind of business
was my 420th follower.
My cell phone is pretty much my watch, camera, flashlight, calculator and so much more.
It was a tough day with students, teachers and parents at LC. I appreciate their support and understanding. I'll miss them all next year.
I guarantee, when you mention me. All my boys is yelling iceberg cuz they know you history... -
Awesome, thanks!
were you up before dawn?
THANK YOU ANGELICA!
I love my church family! It feels like we are all related! :-) just to name a few!
Fuck yes! have a twitter!
My baby daddy thuggin even got me paranoid
Tomorrow I go in to face the fact that I've lost my job, and to apologize for making them fire me. Because it's my own damn fault.
heading out for the day anytime tomorrow? Would love that.
U were? Really? .........*I'd love to* what? I'd like to give her ur number
happy easter!! I hope everything is well
Play Xbox and think of these bizarre plans to make alot of money #nolife my dude
Hey Thanks! We're excited to have made your day better. :)
I think tomorrow is there last day
People change so that you can learn to let go, things go wrong so that you appreciate them when they're right..
“: Earth day is Sunday. How are you participating?” gardening, use little electricity and doing yoga to enjoy my earth!
Gotcha!! That would be great then. I can send you links for movies to put on your iPad. ;)
any word if will play?
First time in a long while doing the right thing pays off. Good trip to Dayton $! #bout time
and I'll forever remember you!<3
My favorite alternate anagram for the #OSCON button game: "ass epic free hen"
<3 follow me
damn forgot my auntie followed me on twitter now i got to go pg13 like my fb..man social networks need a age limit lol j/k
LA I'm BACK!
So glade it is Friday I can go home and sleep! I'm so tired
I do!! Oh please, pick mee! ;D
Cleveland we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
I'm trying to get the word out about the Rivers of Ice photos at EBC-Please send me pics of the exhibit if you are up there!
lady grey tea. yuck!
Do you want to be a millionaire in 15 years? Invest $2,900 a month at 8 percent, tax-deferred.
thanks for the #FF mention. Hope all is well.
Jus say no
The world sucks
Thanks for the car ;)
Working on the 48 Hour Film Festival in Baltimore this weekend with Renegade Productions!!!
Who's got them results? Trying to see what's poppin!
There's nothing better than watching YouTube videos of cute pitbull puppies on a Sunday night. #amiright?
so perfect. I've been fighting back the need to RT everything all day.
oh my god, that is horrible and it's Flash
A friend is someone who sees through you and still enjoys the view. - Wilma Askinas
Yes... it was a tasty sando. People loved it.
Yup, me too. Will watch later after Hopkins-Dawson.
Just walked into a line dance that I know none of the moves to. How bout I flail around for a bit? #tweep@#@
Happy Mothers Day to every MOM & future MOM! There is no more important role to influence the future.
Auction Hunters>
Spent the last hour classing up our house for our annual formal party, now about to tear into some Doritos Locos Tacos.
You're a warrior. You deserve every minute of
The Avengers movie was definitely worth the wait! The second post credit scene........ Not so much.
Oops. Wasn't paying attention. I use Twitter on the web. I like it that way. Went to Hawaii in May. It was fabulous!
Big thanks to and his staff for their support of my song "Blessed." Cong. West is a patriot, and I'm very excited for the video!
Everyone please go tell that you hope he feels better. He is a little under the weather = (
Most good Americans have at least eight conservative god fearing children. Right Kate?
The New York Highlanders became the New York Yankees in 1913.
Ugh. RT : Enjoy it while it lasts! (5 min) LOL
#harlem All this week we are donating a portion of our sales to keep your yoga tax FREE. Purchase today and Save later!
lol...hell yeah!
I. Can't. Focus. On. Anything. Today.
Agreed. But Union had no attack today RT : I just got back from the game and Hoffman was an absolute non-factor. Waste of 51 minutes.
didn't know the brewers picked up Ichiro
Researching outdoor classes while it's raining outside is kind of a bummer!
yupp, I guess..
I see you reppin newton on the news haha
I apologize to J Biebs for initially dissing Boyfriend.
Well if you, , or seniors get a fire to fix the situation, let me know. I can make it look a bit better than hell ;)
you should've asked him to play human cannonball
Ive got 3 minutes to be in school and ive just left my house, mission on!.
Less than 2 hours to kickoff bitches!
Who! Keep up the good work! :) RT Finally below 190 lbs! 10 more to go!
Friday night, staying in and posting blogs on www.downtownster.com. Two good movie reviews and a dining piece on Blue Velvet. Good stuff!
Thanks so much Lindsay! I'll tell Connie that you liked it.
Seth smith is quietly having a great year
i love you Ariana :D<333
We're tweeting from our veterans reporting training session with McClatchy's Chris Adams
Can't wait until Ed's album + comes out in the US!
counting on it Smitty! You're always welcome!
I CRAVED Five Guys when I was preggo! It got so bad they knew my order. *hangs head in shame*
drowsy chaperone was real funny
FIU got Cody Mann and signed two for basketball. They might actually win a game or two in conference usa lol
laying on a bed on computer and and its hott
Yes, I've seen them! Makes me feel a bit better; must be a common experience. :)
Everything is great so far lol Btw did you feel the aftershock of the earthquake yesterday?! because I didn't!!! lol
Happy birthday (:
Dont't expect me to kiss ass , cause i won't .
Lmao I have received 3 texts about how good Wade is playing... Idc how good he plays Im a Wade hater!
16 have you wet the boyz?
Along came Polly on comedy central.
RT : In #pdx. Waiting for a plane.An automatic pancake machine is turning out hot flapjakes, shaped like Jake Gyllenhaal.So hot
LIGHTENING MAN happening at Ars Nova tonight! If you didn't get a ticket, get on the waiting list!
“ Annoying person: "You need anger management classes." Me: "You need shut the fuck up classes!"”
Me too. I don't know that there is another service that is worth the money.
#TwitterlessDavidBrown hold the #worldrecord for jacking off in one day
I've stepped back inside. Down to 5. Might need a trip to wrigley next week.
Many regions in Mexico has their own kind of tamale & now we make our own savory, sweet, traditional & contemporary tamales in the PNW.
To clarify, those first two are good things.
exactly. Need to be able to go 8 deep. Not 3.
The only accept regular, capitalized and all caps. Probably just store hashes for all three (I hope!)
She easy bake oven hot .
Sorry for the downtime. I will ping back as soon as it's fixed.
Ryan Wagner's voice is boring. would have been the more obvious choice.
Congrats, guys! A great story RT : Check out this article from CNNMoney!
Hey what'sthe verdict in the #chicago pizza wars?
More adults creating messy situations, causing pain/suffering and hurting innocent children.
since wen is reporting it covering up? u dont kno the full story, no one does. Ur just a asshole w/a big mouth wishing death
So floyd's draft status just dropped...& nd needs a decent qb..where is the next tim tebow?
Hehehe. I think this one is okay, but I have seen it on WPSE at least once :)
Do I dare ask what we are going to tax...a hotel surcharge...in an already down economy, really?
What do you guys think is Best Commercial
D-d-d-danger out to find you...
These Atlanta boys are sexy
Across from the Verizon gate in the east lot. Hope to see you there!
congrats on your race finish yesterday! :)
When did you have one?
so this big dude up here thinks he's michelle obama and is serious about it...
If yiu still don't think soccer will catch on in the US, I suggest you listen out my window in NYC or check out my twitter feed. Pandemonium
Thank you, you too! Hope you have a great weekend!
haha he's staring at the door crying right now he misses you! Haha
Prime advertising!! Few spots left national and local.. In return too support our conference
u ain't gotta lie Craig !!! Lol
That is shown in some studies. However, the ability to schedule allows for more consistency which is essential on social media
Why yes, I am seeing on tour again this summer.
nice talking to you today! great ideas and inspiration :) and thanks for making the connection
Gills? Scratches? Lesions? Badass tiger claw marks?
very disappointed in myself for missing chuck norris's birthday. I'll make up for it now
Agree, the programme looks great, thanks for the info about the USC coach too, will keep an eye out for them both! Thanks
Marine Bases in Hawaii Said to Gain in Revised Guam Plan - Bloomberg
Will have tasting booth for you to try 2oz pour of Younger, Elder, Damnation, Supplication, Consecration, Temptation, Redemption, Salvation
You ran an awesome event, it was a great time.
This is one of the disadvantages of wine; it makes a man mistake words for thoughts.
Continuing our Life After College series, come ask recent alumni about what to expect after graduation. 7pm tonight in the library room 313.
Post Its domination! Nice. :)
Fantasizing about some over here at Superpages ABQ. May have to stop by for dinner.
I've always had a soft spot for it. RT : "[Javits is] one of the great spaces in the world," according to architect Bruce Fowle.
The act of adding people to circles is totally addictive. Same satisfaction as puttering and organizing around the house
true! It will probably get worse as they pick up more crap from people doing summer garage/shed cleaning & remodels. :(
I wanna hang out with someone but everyone is lame wtf bye
RT : Ghetto Word of the Day: Noah. She was sitting over there waving. I pretended like I aint even noah!
yess and im coming to your showroom! I cant wait to see all the wonderful creations! #fashion #stylist Do u instagram?
Just ordered some surprise swag for Not even going to tell until it gets here!
Let us be very careful not to fall into the trap of the world. The world views things only relative to man and to self. The Word
Drawing coffins. Well, a coffin. Over and over again.
But will you be wearing wired shirts from Soft Hacking class this wkend?! New to town & excited to get plugged in !
true we will. But ima be mad at you until you fill out an app... lol
Thanks for the RT! You are now entered to win the $25 Best Buy Gift Card
Wow.. grounded from everything except my phone... damn!
me too! It is so empowering. I feel it is our sworn duty to help protect the Twitterverse.
you think its funny when you talk about other girls in front of me. #OnPurpose . because you know it pisses me off.
...wondering what my other twitter accts are. LOL
Sad but necessary caveat: "Note that EFF cannot guarantee that the use of this sticker will prevent a search."
Turn the hell in a cell into a 3 way dance already
Good morning to all of Twitter, followers or people I am following, may today a good one!! You all are important to me.
I'm exhausted and I've only been awake for 2 hours! If I go back to bed, I'll be out for a few hours. I don't want that!
the is not a good influence to you. She is fake. Unfollow her now.
Spring break 2012!!!!
OK, so who knew editing HD video was so tedious? Today I rendered a 2.5 sec clip that took 35mins to finish. Ugh. 44secs down, 26 to...
unfortunately not
Wow, I think we had better start another contest! I will discuss this with my team right now! In the meantime, Happy #FF Everyone!
he should have never had the ball. TERRIBLE play by CJ Watson passing it.
a petticoat is made 2 wear under ur dress/skirt 2 add volume, its NEVER 2 b worn by itself as a skirt..#imjustsaying #VINTAGE rocks
Aw that's no fun!! Why are you stuck in??
Do you the fans think my 30 for 30 "The Best That Never Was" should be made into movie?
"I told them down at the depot that I was really f'ed up last night" the bus driver
Ha...I give Roger my full approval :)
can I be one of the people you follow?
Dumped #citibank for good when paid off/canceled card, months went by with no statement, then they sued me saying I never paid it. FU CITI!
They better ball out in denver
very few of these bands folks are throwing out are "new". I've tried Arcade Fire and Black Keys -- they're OK but don't grab me.
#FF Follow for insights into #mindfulness &
Well alright then. ;)
on the appeal, the reason it's going to take a while is that the appeals committee doesn't meet again until dec 1-3
there are TWO?! *nerdgasm*
Waubonsie theater just killed it!! Woo!
ohhyeahh I have heard that hahah
you don't have to drink right now/but you can dip your feet/
Seems like there are 100 things to finish to get the Centennial App for ABQ ready to launch. Get it? 100. Funny, huh? Ok. Time to clock out.
I wish I could just make these feelings go away!!<U+E406>
My title in the script, "lesbian with dog." and Jack Burger is here!
Lebron James, Chris Paul & Kevin Durant join Bmore native Carmelo Anthony in Baltimore on Tuesday to play exhibition game
Always love.Hate will get you every time.Always love.Even when u wanna fight. -Nada Surf <3
Thursday if ur free
omg she's amazing! :O
can you consider singing you raise me up by josh groban?!?
": Just watched #TheTalk.... Eeeeesh!!!!! I miss & ....nuf said."It will never b the same. I'm done!
3Bet is looking for live pros/serious grinders nationwide to wear free 3Bet gear and be affiliate reps. Email if interested.
Ah Irene you feisty little thing, what a pRty u throw! Tornados, tree limbs, and the little lake in my backyard was quite the touch;) Lol
Friend: You talk about One Direction too much, it's getting annoying. Just stop. Me: You breath too much, it's getting annoying. Just stop.
I really really wanted to go but I was busy melting in the hot sun in the outdoor wedding next door :(
WE LOVE JONAS
face to face, just you and me...
Which show?
What a perfect day for a wedding, happy to spend it photographing Travis and Liz at the Mulhauser Barn. Blog post to follow in a few days.
get out of my face. i dont want to see you, talk to you, hear your voice, nothing. im done with you. youve crossed the line. bye.
bahh! i forgets to tweet..
so crucible monologue...we meet again
Spent the night with my grandma felt like when I was little. :-)
yo get at me ... i been looking for you info, i got one its a top 40 hit !!!!! lets link ...
Whew. Thought it was just me, cause I'm old.
i just got off the phone with em& its all set. its boutta be a hella good night xD
Ready to lose 20lbs in the next 20 days? www.lasvegashcg.com also Like us on Facebook www.facebook.com/LVHCG
Don't forget, your happiness MUST include the happiness of others. For we are all a part of all that is.
showing the Bing Jay-Z campaign targeting millenials.Very creative. Massive effort. 1.1billion impressions.
these females too childish on Basketball Wives, like come on now ?
I'm at greenbelt station trying to catch train to dc
Looking forward to participating. Sounds exciting for social media & ESPN!
absolutely. Need to get back out to cuse soon and catch up w/ as well.
But this is silly: "One reporter resigned her position because almost nothing of what she wrote could be accessed by her family or friends."
naww but the biggest
ima put a video of me showing that booty wrk
Made In America: The best of American Mid Century. www.midcenturymobler.com
you always find cool things lol I'm pretty much always down for anything lol
Thanks to and for the RT!
Prosecutors displayed dozens of calls among #DiMasi, Lally, McDonough and Vitale, often coinciding with events related to Cognos deals.
Watching family guy......hilarious dude
POSC coulda been a contender, but those huge sells in the beginning of the run F'ed everything up. Looking for another one now.
Defining goals and objectives BEFORE requesting analysis? What a novel idea :) Finally, a project that makes sense!
Congrats on your wildly successful #wimlink event tonight!
I Swear There Is A Ghost In My Mf House. Lights B Cuttin On Magically Cabinet Doors Closin Shit If I Start Hearin Voices Then Shit Got Real.
IS Wisconsin.
The ice bath after my marathon this am did wonders. Ready to tear through Easter dinner now.
- Thanks for your time and for your leadership!
Looking for a Public Relations Senior Account Executive. This person should have 5-7 years in PR, ideally in an agency setting. Send your…
Making 2012 an awesome year!
And richard simmons RT : Its scary how much this dude Andre Miller looks like Richard Pryor.
I may just write it tomorrow and bring it in on Friday cause I don't wanna deal with it over the weekend, though
Jealous of people for whom normal breathing just happens automatically.
I was totally thinking, "You get a Pulitzer! And you get a Pulitzer!"
Love can lead you to lonely days sitting in your bed crying and eating peanut butter out of the jar.
Ahh good pasta makes me happy:) And sleepy:( Oh well, it's worth it!
When girls refer to there boyfriend as "Daddy"<
Coraline is trying so hard to keep her eyes open so she can watch Little Bear lol. It's so cute!!!
4 hour block of the lp sound show today.. w/ jaevan and electromuted
Hahah did you like our surprise ? This boy saying he can get punked and he did hahah love you <3 46
The only game that matters tonight starts at 7
sorry it took so long to respond: no emails, it's all about Facebook to get next tix, you can get text alerts to updates
oh good. You had us worried
My kind of fun! RT Ay, or drinking, fencing, swearing, quarrelling
cut up!
I got u when I get in
You walk along the stream, your head caught in a waking dream
as if he took the £999 the fat cunt
“ Can Anyone Believe iM Really A SHY Person? ?”really lol
I keep thinking it's Diet Coke.
so #Louisville is about to take down your boy #Izzo. How do you feel about that big boy?
thought maybe you know someone else who has done something interesting that honors your mark?
Great point, Nancy - it'll be interesting to see where the copyright issues go. Thanks for the feedback & happy pinning!
words from Chuck: how about match point, it has "the Scarlett Johansen, a little intrigue, a little sex" rules
thank you! No worries :-)
Success is the doing, not the getting; in the trying, not the triumph.-- Zig Ziglar
Why would you want to fight him?
when you get to Austin next, let's set some time to meet with They are impressive.
#DoYouThinkItsWeird that you see new advertising & e-mails online. Merchants increase ad budgets hoping to get some of your holiday spending
Dominican taking it to Cuba City. Too much athleticism! Dominican by 10 at the half
The online MBA curriculum integrates content across functional areas — linking management, marketing, finance, accounting, and operations.
lol well I like meeting new people :p
I'd have to agree. The show,actors,production are BRILLIANT!...i love the continuity and attention to detail.
that's all in saying!!! BIG OLE BELLY, POKING.....BELLY BUTTON SHOWING....aaaaahhh
Told my brother, positive anything is better than negative nothing. He asked, "what about HIV?" Smart kid.
" baby don't worry. you are my only, you won't be lonely even if the sky is falling down."
Interesting indeed!
Easter suites are overrated...
Pizza dreams up in smoke, the business we were buying was too far behind in rent. Not sure how they thought they could hide that.
burned 236 calories doing 45 minutes of "Walking, 4.0 mph, very brisk pace"
that's why they (k)all me the (K)andyman!!
Lucid dreaming is both awesome and a nightmare.
anyone out there in my network working for NY Presbyterian Columbia Hospital?
Congrats to winning door prize at !! Need a friend to go to James at the Mill.
Im drugged stalked tortured and constantly harassed because this halfwit Quack is lost in a fantasy of a breakdown
Way to go!
That's good(; Well atleast like my video ? Since you insisted to much for it -_-
Breakfast of champions: golf mixed with heat & humidity. More like a hot toddy.
hell yea. U already kno im on it
rachel and kaitlin are with me!
Girls are so stupid showinG their naked bodies all over twitter you don't see Guys doinG that oh my Gosh Get a life
Many thanks - and same to you! MT : Happy Monday & G8 wk
Next on our to-read list: Keith Richards memoir, Life.
Matsui sure knows how to play some baseball
A thing well said will be wit in all languages.
So how do I block retweets of ena-Lay unham-Day? Because ugh.
I thought the bus driver said to me, "Very cute." No, he was thanking me for showing him my pass.
NBC just showed a shot of Braden Holtby's mom...she can barely stand to watch....awesome
Another no-diet weight-loss weapon is H20! Cold water burns calories, staves off hunger pangs & releases muscle building hormones.
' I'm so hot lol
Reading Herman Miller Corp's 1968 book: presents the cubicle as design solution for "information deluge" & "communication quandary"
What is your company doing to help move you onto the first page of search results?
RT : “Forget about what you can't do. Remember what you can do.” ~ RB Answer to that is anything!!!
6hours of sleep and will be up baking tonight! What was I thinking? #GottaGetDemCoinsTho $$$
"seahorse seashell party" is my favorite episode of #family guy
yeh video or maybe even the UX :)
Coffee or Tea?
Thanks for stopping in! Hope you had a great time :)
I dunno. My boyfriend loves that crap.
Miss Iceland 1974 got $2 Million Reward in...
More than one NFL draft analyst have said Colts got 2 best tight ends in the draft. Those two draft acquisitions being called a "steal."
do u wanna do a tinychat with me we can talk and austin and or other people we can play music we can sing we can do whatever
I'm honestly kind of afraid to open ur text messages so
I still get most of my museum news at lunch. Museum professionals love to gossip, hate to document. Slowly that is changing.
I don't know if I should move. I have to decide within the next few day.
Ewww I'm soo sweaty. Played some hard core volleyball with :)
Do these L1C4 fans not realize that Matt Jones lives in Louisville? Unreal
don't you think pierce will be the guard, play a lot of point, and pietrus will be the forward?
AFSCME Local 171 steward Carl Aniel on general strike: Anything is possible.
We moved to the Sorrento Valley Tech Center. Right by Karl Strauss. Come visit! :)
school loans? if you just graduated it's typically like 6 months
Hello! I'm doing fine. Yourself? (:
Had the same reaction when I saw snow was not turning to rain...I feel like this is never going to end!
Hate that I can't RT 's tweet
Yea I couldn't get into Flames of Judgment at all. Story was kind of cheesy + gameplay wasn't as interesting.
how did the OCA meeting go last night? Very interested to hear if relationships are building.
#mamamafia is too strong to let it bring us down. We busy a cap in drama's...
#MarketerMonday (sports info)
Are you having trouble downloading our app to your mobile device or running into issues on the web? Let us know.
yeah exactly.... ok good I'm not the only one then..... but I have big faith in the writers and this show.... my God it's killing me
Woot! Just submitted for #MCN2012 with the one-and-only ! Fingers crossed.
The update? Do It? Professor Booty? Car Thief? That's not enough a portion...
#obl Can't get over how eery it is that both adolf hitler and Osama's deaths were declared on May 1st.--
Which station? I run a dozen stations for Clear Channel (2 country) we are always looking for great talent.
It's also great for the non-greyhairs out there as well!
oh that's not to bad.. Lol
Paul Giamatti could be Bernake's twin
It was so good we can't remember the year!
Don't fret, it'll be worth it in the end.
It may have been because he tweeted about his expected return from injury, organizations don't like that
All wrong-doing arises because of mind. If mind is transformed can wrong-doing remain? -Buddha
Yep, he did. Kid is a beast!
New Day. Same Bullshit. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
In honor of our downpour yesterday...#WBWednesday! Windshield wipers were invented by Mary Anderson in 1903. Standard on most cars by 1916.
Ewww! I should not have Google'd that.
Annie and Hallie. :) (Sorry for interrupting.)
that was very clever XD
Rollin on the River!
Who's ready for tequila?! Cinco & are throwing out all the punches with the fight & upside down margs
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
no worries! Good to be connected. So glad to hear you are better. Mold is killer! Happy to be sharing our Twitter-sphere!
My eyes aren't what they were… :-)
I am significantly better looking and equally as funny and witty.
HEY GUESS WHAT
peeta... y u no be real?!
check out Retro Vegas on Main Street, big pink building, they have fun stuff!
Thats really weird. VidCon was super fun so I dont know why anyone disliked it
Awful. RT Zimmerman friend: None of this would have happened if #Trayvon would have said I'm staying with my parents
You feel better too!
Protein shake needed bad and then gym.
I would have prob done the same thing at her age.
I don't understand WHY its still socially tolerated to oppose Mariage Equality, reasons of religion/politics.. i dont care,Theres NO excuse
Special happy mothers day to you mamma (:
Bounce that ass, shake that ass like a twerk team!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
those are my kind of Tacos
if you're currently putting up with someone else's shit. dont do it. it's not worth it.
just got done playin bball (: now guitar hero
Thank you all again from this weekend! We are extremely grateful and love EVERY last one of you! Check out our tour dates and hang with us!
I know that's right just look at it like u will be done soon u can do it
Thanks to for presenting, for sponsoring, for hosting, and you for attending last night! Great way to end 2011.
Those are lofty expectations for Weeden. Seems like there will be a lot of pressure to have him at that level quickly.
It's berry season. Looking for a fun outing w/kids? Go to pickyourown.org to find a farm near you. I've picked blckberries & blueberries.
Never Overlook The Progress Of A Baby Step...Fresh
GOOD MORNING TWEEPS! IT'S FRIDAY :-)
“: Thank you for coming out to our match this morning! (:” Aww, YW! Was fun waiting on scores fr sal & will post pics
homework duh!
lmao. Alright! I thought of you when I smelt it hahaha xD
What do you call people who are afraid of Santa Claus? Claustrophobic. ~ Anonymous
this is exactly why I started working on - services like Edmodo focus too much on management :(
i'm so fucking tired ):
Brunch , a cafe. to National Portrait Museum for Annie Lebowitz exhibit.
A real warrior was lost today
I had fun swimming with my family! :]
me too(: We might have to sign a contract saying we promise to take eachother(:
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you!
"vision is not like a camera"
I'll just tell you the way it is. You ask me what time it is and I'm gonna tell you how to build a clock.-- Dick Dale
yeah not cool :/ she loses him every where one time i found him in a store by him self i was mad cuzz the lady didnt care :/
Ah! That's too cute.
In a perfect world for both Red Sox fans and himself... Josh Beckett would have 365 days off a year.
So glad you get to go this year!!!
lol bro all im saying is she got over 10 million views in 5days . which is true , for that same video your talking about .
why does everyone want to be like the world? you just cant get away from it.
This doesn't sound tasteless at all! Lifetime is going to air a reality show about Whitney Houston's family in the wake of her death!
I haven't been on here in ages. Maybe I'll keep the profile up and running this time, because I want to know what cool people are doing.
we're playing today, too and using that same joke, but it's not as far of a stretch for you guys. We're playing at 3 pm. haha.
It's sad that I have yet to start my homework.
hahah well im about to bomb a test if that makes you feel any better. Imu2
Hurry up summer.. finish the fuck school !
student Allison Lafferty BOOKED! 1st trip to India this fall to study yoga in its birthplace. Congratulations!
#UPA2012 = Exploring the need for everyone to demonstrate leadership & ways to make that happen
Girl in front of me at Ralph's today was buying diet pills and a BDay card.... Hm... Either they're unrelated or she's just a bitch.
Followed Love, Follow back? :] <U+2665> xo
Take heart #RSL, at least you got one shot on goal. =)
nun much
Want to make $1000's working 8-10 hours a week. Follow the traffic @ #MAWC2012 then contact me for details RT
I was going to ask the status! Have you been looking? Do you need neighborhood advice? I'm sure your friends have been help.
It seems that a couple of #ThingsThatINeed this morning include a Premium Roast Coffee w/ an Egg McMuffin w/ Sausage. Yumm!
"They basically tortured him for three hours. He was in a prone position he was unable to breathe." - Steve Heisler, Simmons' family atty.
James Burrows, living legend, director of Cheers.
I really think Jason Michaels signing with the will bring a shift of power to DC.
its not your fault, much like last year, there's really no good way to go about selling the speaker's position.
sup bro, still gonna use those beats?
There's a constant ringing in my right ear.
When I get pissed off, I take it out n so many ways
the painted hills burger? Yes, and its probably one of the best burgers I've ever had, hands down.
My thoughts exactly RT Feel the same about Couples Retreat. LOVE Bora, Bora. MOVIE was not so great.
I just had a pb&j an feeling good
Hey! Yes, survival was tough, but I made it! Where are you heading tonight??
Thank you! I am taking her to Banfield (in a Petsmart) have you heard of that vet?
if we cant get people to come to shows then we will get them to play them!
Beautiful storrow drive! It's been too long, Boston!
"I'm like an annoying little ten year old"
Just wanted to say THANKS to all of those who volunteered, performed, donated, made an appearance or simply attended Peace Day 2011!
Haha! I like it! You help me find the line of acceptable content. Whatever you say is just on the other side of it.
so you want to see it? haha (dark knight rises)...
Do you have a screen problem with your Dell Streak? Cracked or shattered glass? Dell Streak not responding to touch?
hi !! thanks so much. It was awesome to meet you
People are posting pictures of snow in Cleveland and here on campus I saw a girl in flip flops.
anniversary soon? Yea!
#10thingsIwanttohappen #Seattle being a recognized #fashion city by the world. Who's with me?
Devils are taking it this year. My team from back in the 90s. Reminds me of my dad and yoohoo bets.
#wheniwasacrab the two things I knew best was attention and push up position smh
British Aircraft pound a large headquarter in #Gadhafi hometown
After striking out twice in the same AB, Justin Upton hits a solo HR.
I'm good thanks and you? x
nope, same state, doesn't work and makes no political sense. Needs to be someone of color from a different state.
I don't see how people live without Internet. It's only been a week and I kinda feel like screaming! I feel so outta the loop on erthing!
had tweet limit and either wants to talk through DM or have me talj to you through my account. which do you prefer? :)
We'll be cheering on #TEAMCASA at the Baltimore Marathon tmrw! Stop by our booth at M&T Bank Stadium for more info on how to get involved!
The ones who like kissing~
mmmbrisket RT : welcome to texas. RT : Everywhere I go smells like BBQ.
Going on a helicopter ride tomorrow - a birthday gift from DH.
I'm doing great
Steve Jobs' death reminds me: If I'm not making some people angry, if I am not failing, I am not doing enough to realize my potential.
"We were somewhere around Barstow, on the edge of the desert, when the drugs began to take hold." - R. Duke (Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas)
We're expanding again!! Demand requires it & growth is a beautiful thing, especially in this economy.
In any coin of any realm
Trying to!
trying to be incognito by pushin a diff whip.
I don't want this love to feel like a battlefield!
Wish me luck! Tomorrow is my first day commuting to work on my bike! What do I wear?
what are you Hank Goldberg...no
i ain't trippppin about the lime light.
Pete, Do not get Ant started already. :)
app is available on iTunes!
because he new which schools would get uthoff to appeal and give his side.
I agree - much nicer in Sarpy! One of the reasons we stayed in Nebraska was because of Bellevue-Papillion and county atmosphere
we now have tutus for new borns,and beenie hats as well
It seems like every time I come home there's a FBI agent standing outside my door waiting for me.
Not sure whats happening on stage...next...
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity
It's perfect weather to take your Porsche convertible out for a spin if you're a middle aged lobbyist
I used to play "Gay or Youth Minister?" but it didn't matter what I'd guess because it was usually both.
OK - it took 3 minutes to download new Apple Store app and reserve an iPhone 4 for pickup at UVillage. Way to go.
Need to get back on #paleo urgently!!! Having a rough time :(
Asylum skate park! Tomorrow! Be there! We will be with The Things They Carried! Exclamation!
will play ya another new tune from Jack White right around 11:20a!!!!
it may be crazy but I might just go to an apple store at 9 and wait tomorrow. Cross my fingers.
There's a possibility of snow in upstate NY. Global Warming or has God finally lost it?
So in case you missed it of Buffy the Vampire Slayer is the newest cast member on an already stellar filled cast on
40% of all people who come to a party in your home snoop in your medicine cabinet.
That's Venus sparkling in the western sky right now. Check it!
Woke up late and missed the legend of korra:(
Illinois Coach Ron Zook looks exactly like Bill Lumberg....UW looks uninspired today.
You may delay, but time will not. ~Benjamin Franklin
there is a huge truck outside my window omg shhhh~~
Qponomics916 here, joining the social media club live via Ustream!
I just miss you. So. Much.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY WOMAN!!! I hope it's a great one, and I hope to see you soon! :) Xoxo
I couldnt stay mad at you even if I tried
You are correct!! Just being funny :-)
So I'm takin algebra 2 this year..and when I'm in class I can't stop thinking about song CrushOnYou :)
or maybe because you took my 5?
Gonna go dye my hair later :)
Train for a great cause! Register for one of our fall events & help raise money for cancer research!
Time to do a little bit of laundry and pack. It's my last day with Grandma. I'm excited to leave but I'm going to miss her.
i adore you.
your right I do, and I am its coming soon lol
Thanks! I'll need the luck, and please know I'm grateful for the support!
I am itching to make some new art work!
I love the nitelife...
I take note of the things my mom does .. and ill make sure NOT to do those things when I become a mother because its sad !
need mortgage advice when you move?
What are u doing?
#Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend #Weekend !
no only in the usa but our mobile website and app builder does 1app4.mobile
yes I am
WOW, I am stoked for Tonight! will kill it ! So many people coming!
Awesome! I'll be listening.
Haha I dont think so. No normal person gets annoyed of sexy girl
haha that's what Nana just asked me if you had school today lol she says she loves you <3 we love to shop :)
You call it a mistake, I say its a lesson #Live & Learn
high five!
tell john i got a pipe today... Very nice
if you haven't played with the strings on google homepage yet today, give it a go...
Hey hey hey
I can't explain it any better than I have. You know what you have told me in the past. I only am here to help. That's all.
boy im so bout it
ha you're the one tweeting in class
I'm so sleepy already -.-
about booty?
#DescribeYourVaginaWithAMovie something wicked this way cums
Retweet us to be entered into our drawing for a FREE LAPTOP
is immune to teenage awkwardness
good day for #miamidolphins a jets loss woulda made it a great day.
Thanks so much for your vote to #PreserveNYC. Tell us in a tweet: why does the matter to you?
Why do I always care so much more for others than they care for me?
#RunningWilde is so funny!
#ReplaceBandNamesWithPenguin They Might Be Penguins
Cleveland pals, go watch , TV Crimes, and tonight at Late show, starting at 10Pm after Skate Night
i've gotta put this on my calendar.
Can't decide whether to celebrate Cinco de Mayo or the Kentucky Derby Sat... Mint juleps then margaritas anyone?
Q: Where can you go to get all-you-can-eat BBQ and unlimited beer? A: Duh, the Great Heartland Cookout (heartlandcookout.org)
how r u
just finish wood sheddin remember time waits for no man my past is just were it should be, history. My faith keeps me current thanks haters
Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler. ~ Albert Einstein
Attend a high-enery live show & watch Black Dog Prowl do their thang TONIGHT I 8PM I $10 I
going to cry myself to sleep, night yall! Good luck tomorrow <3 -G.
Activity streaming of ambient writing increases situational awareness among participants of a shared event
that's so cute
I'm an over acheiver, so how about i start a team of leaders and pick up stevie wonder to be the wide receiver
Thanks for the tweet! RT : Nice video. I agree with you :)
Very proud of my NC for voting to support #CleanEnergy today. Glad she sees the HUGE econ. potential for renwables in NC.
Congratulations on veganism. Any suggested dishes for a non-vegan with some curiosity?
Bouta smoke a blunt of Loud Shitt #wake&bake
young and fly still
seems like a lot of people on there hopefully I can sell stuff on there.easily sometimes
Great Seats still available for the Blackhawks Vs. Red Wings tonight @ United Center Call us at 888-493-0004
New avi folks <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Be good or be good at it- fabulous words from
REALLY liking what im seeing out of City Hall these days!
There is no they, only us. Unknown
“: You ever notice that the people with the least money be dancing the hardest to the songs talking about having mad money?”((Chuuch))
twinkle, twinkle, little star.
who you tellin!
RT : What's your preferred .NET mocking framework? I like RhinoMocks a lot, but I'm seeing a lot about Moq and NSubstitute lately
This two minute situation is every little boy who wants to play football's dream...
Still have to file my taxes... Can't wait to see what I get back this year.
Nice I'm hiding in the back!
Eh, comes with the territory. Thanks! " I would say you're perfect for that role but I don't want to sound like I'm insulting you"
I love Shelock Holmes just as much as the last bloke. However, that doesn't mean I want London weather.
you sure bout datt??? Kuzz one day you might get your wish to come TRUE!! :)
Agreed. We'll never play it again.
Guys & Girls <<<< music
#smbmad #ford do we all have ADD? Roomful of twitter users says yes.
it ain't Sunday, don't do it! Lol
Two are BETTER than one ! :) :)
is almost finished unpacking!
What do you appreciate about your spouse? How many things can you come up with? Don't tell him or her, just tell yourself.
Yeah, I think that's where the $8 average comes in. The coasts charge $10 - $12 and everywhere else comes in at $5-$9
did you get your hair done yet?
There's gotta be someone out there that treats me the way I deserve...
why did you change your twitter to that?? lol
": I wonder how many followers ill lose if I start getting down into the knitty gritty."
I need a professional bass player at the crib right now!
A young boy, unaware of the legend he'll become
as long as I'm your analyst for the Baylor game! Haha
Off to Lexington for the weekend
Everyone have a good April fools day?
Great nonetheless!
Why do these get so attached ! Lol. Get it together
just ordered my ticket! See you all there!
Someone better get all the Hydrangea's out of Indiana before Madge gets here
ADELES MOM BUYS BOY CLOTHES FOR ADELE
Did you know that the average American ingests between 6,900 mg and 9,000 mg of sodium a day. We only need about 500mg.Put the salt down :)!
Trying running to music, an infectious beat gets you pumped up. Share your favorite song with us.
Today is all about me!! Hair done, pedicure flow, then photo shoot<U+263A>!! #AintNoHalfSteppin<U+270C>
I think that is everybody dream... Lol
Appreciate the mention!
When it comes to the pinch, human beings are heroic
Hey, thanks Jeff! As always, I'm looking forward to our next chance to work together. Happy New Year to you and your family!
By the time a person graduates high school, they've eaten over 1500 peanut butter & jelly sandwiches!
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
Beautiful #may day :)
Are you a Tut Nut? Tell us your Tut story!
Looking for the pilot of the US version of the IT Crowd. Because I am a geek and… obviously I love pain.
So annoyed that I have to reset my phone :/ decided to not install a few apps like twitdeck & see how things go.
APhotolosophy says B/W and color traditional photography. Fine art landscapes, architecture, nature and our environmen
Niall: look, liam, its the worlds biggest hamburger! Liam: Niall, im afraid thats a hobo. I told you you shuldnt of had 9 burgers for lunch.
the ONLY one. <3 love yew.
I want to meet the dude who invented kites, because really… what? I can barely think of different ways to feed myself
At the Y bout to get a workout in on lunch! Tryna lose weight! #Cats on tonight hopefully a cake walk. This ain't #bloomington its
it also applies to other things like food,sex and business decisions.
Who runs this account?? I'm curious
what it is follow back
Almost done with my paper.. its been a long night
“ To a Gemini, Sex is a tension reliever, and they show a deeper side in the afterglow.”
that's not a bad thing Doll.
Happy Birthday to that Shiny Baby in that Barn in Israel! I heard He's goin to do Big Things!
when aren't we twins :) going late tomorrow?
Gotta go restaurant hopping along the million ethnic restaurants of buford hwy. Should i pick u up?
Crazy dream about a huge line to get into alex katz show at mfa. Once in, a series of intaglios that i had never seen. Katz portraits...
what a guy! Hope you have fun
Watching Boy meets world while smoking a blunt lol
Nickelback, the BlackEyed Peas, and LMFAO walked into a bar. This bar meaning, our lives. And this is our nightmare.
hi miley, miss yooouuuuu.
Don't you just love Saturday? I hope everyone spends the day doing something you truly enjoy!
Wait...Hold Up......Conceited Moment like
Tweety to Michael Steele: Name one thing Romney has written or said that explain his foreign policy positions........crickets........
On the Amtrak bound for Chicago!
For all our #DesMoines friends, keep an eye on the weather this weekend!
But where is ? RT At the National championship game!!!! Let's go!
<----- You know any good attorneys? lol
sounds like a proud herita.... oh.... my bad.
God made you a masterpiece. See yourself strong, healthy, accomplishing your dreams, and living His abundant life!!
well yeah. And a website :)
Gates are open! Tailgate for Red White game with
look at my last tweet! Virgin!! Here's your chance
Goodnight world. Peace and love to everyone out there
So for #POD12 #POD13 etc. how to get more sessions to be like the best? Let's push thru WikiPODia
It's April fools everyday on twitter!! Twitter kill ppl, twitter gangs, ratchet bathroom models, twitter thugs..
Your definition of 'weird' both underwhelms and saddens me. To death.
Tataki sushi in Lower Pac Heights. Have you been?
you are a lame dude you need to be fired so jr can take your place you faggot lmao
Good on you, Shannon!
Evening of firsts: watching first election returns of 2012 while playing with my new #GalaxyNexus & testing seesmic as new #twitter app.
Just came back from my band competition.
could they just take off the g and r from the beginning of their name? Guessing that won't fly. :)
IT'S STILL DOING IT. WHERE IS THAT COMING FROM? omg. This is creepy.
Sorry Kevin Durant, but I did miss your game winner cause I downloaded doodle jump...
The women haters are just jealous they'd never look that good in a catsuit and the men haters just hate because she'd kick their
What's goin in twitter world I will be releasing my new song self titled Dr. Robotnik!!! Stay tuned
has no swag and struck out against me everybody
Finally at the hotel. Goodnight.
Yikes! According to article 9 of 10 Sushi fish are mislabeled & virtually all Tuna. What are you getting? Something you wouldnt eat!
lots of fun!
Uh hike? I'm thinking airplane..
trying to do it my own way without God's help
Why do you think Thurman went through a phase of selling all his stuff?
Keep eating pace with the rest of the table
Hello and thanks for following Wow the headline on your page fits me to a tee. Are you interviewing by chance? Best wishes always.
Its my birthday in two days, the best present ever would be a tweet from you :)
I Gained 70 Followers by following this person !! OHH CHIZZ!!
Here in the US it's
i did go at 9
Herman Cain today -- "You look familiar. Who are you with?" Me - KARE 11, the local NBC affiliate. Herman -- "Are you one of th anchors?"
Have a friend tell a friend to follow RT
We are located at 4518 University Way. Let us know if you come visit.
pro creator. Any of ur clients struggle with cramps? Suggestions?
dogs aren't ticklish?
The new-look Gmail that Google accidentally told us about last week is now rolling out to all users. The changes, officially announced in
I spent my Friday night proudly watching cheesy movies with my buddy Julia :)
#pokemonpickuplines favorite thing ever
Happy First Day of Spring to all!
on a scale from 1-1637393934773 How excited are you to do the Chicago show?!?
I'm just ready too be at peace at bay
My ERJ family is too much they make me laugh!! Loving the service!! Santoooo jajajajaja lolz!! =D
Good night everyone (:
now im having some nice honey tea:)
Double Rainbow song is stuck in my head... xD
Making the third meal of the day- I don't recall doing this in ages.
Mexico here I come! Cocktail please.
LOL RT : Flowers in the Attic. RT Have any ideas for books that make great gifts for mother's day?
Looks good tho.
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in your vicinity.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!
This date in 1982, John Belushi died from an overdose of cocaine and heroin. His tombstone reads "I may be gone, but rock n roll lives on."
Twitter Don't Make You Famous
mi niggaaaaaa you bring mi baby right lol
"If he was a human male, he'd probably be a wife beater." My husband, describing our cat.
This girl mad cause she want me Android I don't want her
Thank you. Same to you.
I love your tweets. They're always the #classiest. Love you Codes!
I'll let him know! “: Tell Axle Rose no matter how upset he is with his group the Guns N' Roses super should accept HOF!”
: Do you realate to your Glee character Rory?
Nobody said life would be easy, they just promised it would be worth it!
Sexual repression affects the LGBTQ community to a much greeater degree than it does the heterosexual one.
1. What Inspired You To Dance? 2 . What Do You Want To Be When You Grow Up? 3 . Celebrity Crush? 4. Favorite Type Of Music? 13
Twitter the chairman of the Congressional committee on passing #SOPA let him know the people r against this hideous law
RT : Come out to support the youth internship program at All Pull Together Garden this Thursday. They're holding a......
I swore I'd never love again. I swore my heart would never mend.
Let's Go Yankees!!!!
where are u?
Thanks dude. Can't wait to write all the best words.
On a day that requires an umbrella, some words for U that I love: Unparalleled, Unexpected, Unique, Unlimited, Uplifting & Unbelievable!!!
Anyone else at the venue?? I just left to "eat" and im having like panic attacks lol X)
I just realized I will be down in WDW on Feb 29th...wondering if any of my whacko friends were planning on being there, running amok for 24?
Can we bid on those pole banners?
Smh got grown women acting immature as hell -_-
Contest: No winner yet! Become our 150th follower - 1 spot to go! & win the American Legacy TV "Blacks in the Military" DVD! Good luck!
Can't argue with 5 of 6 (via ) RT : honestly wonder if any team has attempted half as many squeezes as Brewers.
Next year’s Ultimate Home Showcase is scheduled for March 17&18 2012 at Expo NM (the fairgrounds)
I'm loving a cup of green tea right now. It is my perfect thing to do!
You did great man!
You never thought that hip hop would take it this far Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight Time to get paid,
I just gave my old boards to a kid from the block whose deck snapped and couldn't afford a new one
Still more Voodoo at the Carson St Deli....Just put it on!!!
Looking forward to next weeks trunk show with It's going to be amazing!! 3/20 4pm-8pm
lol, :) You are WINNING :)
U Gne Get Me In Trouble Home Girl
I got a sunburn :p
that pick was the dagger!!!
digging that Avi Donna!!
Obedience to wisdom is the highest exhibition of intelligence and will never fail!
Some much for that "perfect" weather day they predicted. WOW did they get this entire week wrong. Ugh...Still waiting for the warm weather
The pistol of a flower is its only protection against insects. (The Big Bang theory in miniature).
CRASH: I-5 NB @ Jantzen Beach- left lane is blocked
maybe i should give u following suggestions
#winstonsalem council sets public hearing for almost $3 million in new public debt to pay for repairs to fire depts, sidewalks, rec facils
No problem ;-)
you need to KISS and focus on economic justice, that is the point that has the broadest appeal (cc: )
Check out my blog for my review of SHATTER ME by Tahereh Mafi!
What's ur top pick 2 win Sound Editing #Oscars2012? Drive, The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Hugo, Transformers: Dark of the Moon, War Horse
“: Dear insecure girls everywhere, you're not ugly, society is. Sincerely, The truth.”
Omg u r bleeding r u ok?
Finished the work-book with Carl Gottlieb for first year filmmakers . This book will is great for, directors, writers, actors & producers .
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Pet peeve: When I spell "Pursuit of Happyness" & people are like, it's *happiness. NOT ACCORDING TO THE DVD/TITLE. It's meanttobe like that.
I'm in a time warp.
O come on,man. U got no lady fingers,fuzz buttles,snicker bombs, church burners,finger blasters,gut busters,zippity do das,or crap flappers?
treading water!
Couldve seen my boyfriend today but hes beinq a fuckinq jerk so I didnt.! Oh well I quess.!
Tried to buy some at Mitsuwa on Sat and was told USA no longer allows its import. Something about the dye. Only fresh now!
I officially LOVE this day lol
Thank you so much for supporting our work!
I selfishly want the #Devils to win just so I don't have to travel to see the Flyers....which means they are probably going to lose.
He did do that, though... Just it was the bad kind of it.
I have the weirdest dreams <U+E411>
Bad day much?
It would be easy if I had a delete button on my heart.
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 25
I didnt see u n atl at all..u was ghost ;( we didnt hang out at all
How can you? He's played his butt off!
Question for : Worse dust storms? Phoenix or Iraq?
yes he is
when you coming over?
Women, children and baggage of the British prisoners will be sent to PA by ships while the men will march from Canada to Pennsylvania.
Looking for #Sexy #Men to #FollowMe and #Sexy #Ladies too . . . love #Music #Sex and #Men, how 'bout u?
#Running is a challenge... conquered 4.8miles today
haha yeah,let's ask her haha
Worst day ever ! -__-
hm ...I heard of someone licking the inside of a Wired Waffle bag today...they got it bad!
": our music bn helping real soldiers thru real ish..."can't katchup or cut da mustard best believe Im grindin"~M-Dot"
Memphis is the real deal. Too bad the Thunder are in their division..
Kevin continues his destructive behavior and DJs at Burlington tonight with Beth.
by 'looking at it live' we're an hour behind, but commentating is done live
Thank you!
“Anything is possible. You can be told that you have a 1-percent chance, but you have to believe, and you have to fight.” Lance Armstrong
oh I follow you a thousand thanks and nice night :)<U+2665>
I can't wait to move out
It's amazing to see so many people against Duke...amazing coach, program and school...does it the right way and wins but still the hatred?
Finally Ozil is in ! Too late
Looks like we did! Thank you for confirming!
RT : Do you write, post or RT news about Commercial Real Estate? Use the #CRE tag so we can find you...
I followed you back :)
well I'm not done with the book but i made it 2 chapter 15
Maybe -- have a friend who just started w/ the coordinated and is (or was) looking for some wheels. DM me deets?
Is there really a need to take finals?!!
thanks! let's keep up the momentum for
not videos, but written bits o'wisdom and experience on auditions . . . will try to forward one of those now on facebook.
It could be a whirlwind!
UK Ukmall damn day get out the way u fake KU this is UK all the way
Damn that was some damn good chick fil a:D
RT Nobody ever let Mason Kardashian watch The Truman Show. He'll be trying every emergency exit for the rest of his life.
same I've never been so Pissed
Let's go ferris!
I think I should stop playing with my new Ipod nano and get to work on some of my artwork before I have to go to work.
aw omg c:
“: that boy got on that same damn blue jean jacket..... AGAIN!?”=hahahahahah hell nah I already know who lmao
that is a strange pair of links you have there.
so i tell my mum im hungry and she goes and tells me to "go see if there's any work i can do" for skewl. K THANKS BITCH. LET ME STARVE THEN.
Charles about to talk his shit
It's one of my favorite holidays today. National High Five Day!!
You never miss the Ville. Whaaaaaaaaa? You playin hooky this year huh?
To celebrate St. Patrick's Day, we're serving Small Claims papers in our basic service area for $40.00! TODAY ONLY! Spread the word!
Obama made one of the most motivating and inspirational speeches I've heard in my life.
Crazy ass !
I wish I could repeat last summer in the Can. That was a good summer!
I cannot deal with people who put "doe" at the end of everything, like stfu
#Parents help your kids mature by letting them learn from their decisions made.
check the avy
Looked up and both my dogs had (unused) tampons hanging out of their mouths...what a sight that was.
sleeping got to go to work
Good luck tonight! You're always my first pick.
Even the realest people are fake sometimes
God gave us memories that we might have roses in December
I think the kids choose teams they like based on colors. Like Na likes the Vikings bcuz of the purple & gold. Too funny.
off to the information desk.
Writing copy for Great Lakes Mall.. a little piece of my heart goes into this one!
Are you kidding? In Oregonia, that will get you laid. In the yurt. And if you're a lesbian? U-Haul time!
It's gonna be a fun trip to the war zone today, I can tell already
I want cold stone /:
Weed doesnt change you... you just start realizing alotta shit
we jus have hella angels *close eyes bows head*
Uh oh pizza here smash time
come here!!!
Thoroughly addicted to #DrawSomething ... Who else is playing??
What's the biggest thing that happened in Az hip hop so far in 2k12
cause I'm cool like that..neenier neenier neenier
The messed moment wen u say some on look Gud and it turns out they the same sex as u
spinach noodles are soo good
watch that liver bro!! Loo
I get hurt pretty easily. I'm emotional. I take things to heart. It's how I am, and if that's something you don't like, then leave me alone.
omg my mom hacked my account right then
If the party really was that great, you probably wouldn't have taken the time to update your Facebook status on how great the party is.
Getting started on new tunes with , today! Boom!
I think the main reason why homeless people are so poor is because they only ever ask for small change. They should aim higher
Man I wish someone would have got knocked out lol
there are some ambitious college guys out there studying too.
come for the ride lata
Yep. refuses to go in that direction. Someone should attack that problem again
At last break Chef Mike had 32k and the combo of John Dolan and me had 30.
Know of a business who wants to run a #local #dailydeal with ? Introduce me and if they run with us YOU get $50!
Oh dear, I just got that "Dear xx" pitch, too...
just came thru the lab to hear the new beats Equator Line!!! Eeeeeaaasssttt!!!
A Black President who does nothing to address the historic racial divide simply makes things worse, as it gives credence to the status quo.
The baltimore jury duty system was almost as amazing as I thought it would be. Twice in 16 months in a city that has 600,000 people...ugh...
The problem with Nice and Cannes is who will want to stay inside and play poker?
Getting my twitpic account set up on my phone. You can ignore random photo links, or enjoy them as they should be enjoyed. :)
Can Tony Danza actually speak the English Language?
Sincere condolences to Bob Uecker and his family at the passing of his son Steve. Our prayers are with you and yours Ueck.
Lol!!!! Oh you think so?
omg your so cute ^.^ <3
Great seats! Enjoy the game! Look forward to tweeting this season!
On #ThankfulThursday, thankful to our friends at Thanks especially to Beth!
Cool surprise coming very soon plus the release of the new poster. And as always thank you all for the support!!
God Morning World!!! Let's make a great day on purpose....
I totally agree I'm ready to #passout!
good just making sure lol ;)
This movie is some form of cruel punishment
"If you're a cat you can't say #YOLO" -
Focus on being Competitive, Not Comparative.
Will legal/judicial principals applicable to traditional #software licensing apply fully to #SaaS subscriptions?
Registered for I get to take a choo-choo!
Have fun as you fly...
May the 4th be with you!!!
hello outhere twitter friends..wet and raining.. yuck.. where did my sun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! go
Mane this my status update in awhile thats probably whhy i dnt got no followers
take that you facebook pokers.
think it's a pretty big stretch to accuse the graphic of "demonizing" in the context of the story
I think "let stand in microwave" means "don't sue us when you burn the crap out of your mouth."
yes, I'm with both of you, but for the base #openstreetmap map I think we need to come up with something.
Hi, ! Thanks for finding me here! You look like a great follow, too!
niggas need to PUT UP or SHUT UP .......
today=1.9 million signatures recalling Gov Scott Walker. my union files for an election. OH YOU CAN'T SCARE ME I'M STICKING WITH THE UNION.
you guys look great. What a fun show this morning. Have a wonderful weekend.
I love strawberries.
I didn't get in free at lions tigers bears butt hole!
i need to be a A&R i know hits and talent and bullshit. Who i need to have a meeting with.
what station?!?
I think it's awesome that has a "Director of Social Media & DigiCom."
easy now, Debbie downer. ;)
Gonna go watch Doctor Who. :)
Guess I'm going to The Y Hate hooping in hot weather
Brad Meltzer: Your words are your power. Thank the people who have shaped you. Change the world around you.
running on caffine fumes and prayer today.
yes If you like?
Early Morning Dolls. 6AM flight to Chicago :)
Clean and Detail Your Own Car to Save Money - Lifehacker
I'm out here crying I'm so mad..
I'm bout to mush this girl in her face
This weeken it bout to be good going to the mountains and then already got da plans for spring break with bout to be hype:)
Um I'm thinking straight to #Paris from India for my Birthday. Anyone have recommendations on what to see and do?
There is no duty we so under-rated as the duty of being happy. By being happy we sow anonymous benefits upon the world.
Morning Tweeter Peeps!
Where words fail, music speaks.
Yes the island was hell
Goodness its windy today
agustin&#39;s blog: Researchers build optical transistor out of silicon ...
Yeaa ii seen it . what made you chanqe it ?
And that wasn't spam haha. Guys u'll enjoy the video
Can we share "Crucify" as OUR jam? Love it. Can't wait to check out the documentary.
Ve u looked @ his batting average the last 3yrs": He's a better hitter than this though. I am a little shocked."
Dear guy on the dance floor 'raising the roof', your not raising your chances of being laid.
Ryan: “Ayn Rand ... did a fantastic job of explaining the morality of capitalism [and] individualism.”
The awkward moment when you don't know one of your brothers science definitions...what the hell is fulcrum?
Thank you for all your support over the years! Do you have my new single, "No Fear"? Thanks again!!
lol yea I know not happy bout it
I sent u a bbm request. & u ignore it yo
A 1st for us: gluten-free, vegan, sugar-free, organic Oatmeal Fudge Chocolate Chip cookies, coming out of oven as we tweet. Available now!
Overlaying campaign #SuperPAC contributions with where #Obama fundraises using #GeoCommons with
Hope you had a great day! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Interactive is essential. Imagine a perilous-looking trapeze changing/shifting in sync w/ performer.
haha yea well that's nice! I mean I like traveling.. Meeting new ppl, seeing new places, but it's also good to have a break :)
Why did I wake up with Bone Thug's For the Love of Money in my head? Is that today's theme, lol?
I miss #BlockBuster. I wish we still had one in decatur.
You miss EVERY shot you DON'T TAKE.
Freshamn get on my nerves tbh. They don't know how to act most of the time.
whens this storm going to come?!
And yeah, this is the worst I'm having to deal with. I should be extremely happy. I am not. Deal...or don't.
hey girl!! Miss ya. Hope everything is going good. :)
Just another manic Monday....
absolutely BS. Problem is all companies make their crap worse & worse to squeeze more profits. #DukeEnergy sucks!
thanks for the follow. Funny jokes, good job.
What happened to the Dude from Back to School that isn't Rodney Dangerfield, RObert Downey, or Billy Zabdka?
will be able to make it better for you tomorrow night! Sorry about the shut-door from club tonight.
Way to end it Corey, but.... RT Please let Rickie's hand be okay..... :-/
so much pain =/
justin i luv u loads im ur biggest fan i'll luv to meet u in perso if i could x JB love ive got bieber fever x
I like Stockstill, desrvs a shot but prefer to bring in new blood, ideas. Need to change culture
you told us to come here for news about operations but no news for a month and your servers are down. 2nd morning in a row.
Oh, the Trans-separatists are going to hate this show. Just the title will wrangle them.
Hoping for no drama tonight.
Same here, happy New Year.
Don't look now but the Astros are creeping. 33 games back
Sanduk Ruit: Nepal's &quot;Magic&quot; Surgeon Brings Light Back To Poor - International Business Times
That couch has never looked so cool.
For those of us who need numbers to back up the benefit of meditation,here there are http: www.naturalnews.com/031228_meditation_brain.html
I would... But i aint drinking for no irish man.
I miss talking to you.
Why do you think there was a 37% increase in injuries from 2005-2008?
SAME. Thank goodness for podcasts and live tweets on
i think i just revived them :D
Awesome class with Danielle! Thanks for everything!
Its our picture day also
Tanning while listening to 11:11 (:
infected anal gland, had to be extracted and flushed.
Hi tweet me. Jb fans follow l follow back :)
" I feel u brah on that me time shyt...fuck around n hit dat jack pot. movie after movie nikkas can't
the tweets have definitely slowed down since 3 hours ago. everyone is sleeping.
America&#39;s Undiscussed Pregnancy Problem
“: I cheated on my fears, broke up with my doubts, got engaged to my faith and now I'm marrying my dreams.”
Acting out in mother's clothes, dreaming dreaming no one will ever know
lol the free gift with the purchase of a nickelback ticket is another ticket straight to HELL free of charge
Aha i just remembered me & 's conversation about buying a pony & naming it sparkles #BucketList :)
Bahrain government moves to disband Shia opposition
I hate that people think I'm mean and they never even got to know me! Maybe I should smile more! Cause I'm really nice! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I think maybe you're right! Thanks Kells :D
I have a twitter, therefore follow me.
I am this year. Im transfering next year
Loving today
RT : Grab a pizza from Mike and Aaron at Fireside! Sounds Great!!
I need a female who can shoot video. I'm shooting a bachelorette boudoir party that will be put up on YouTube... please send me referrals!
Good luck! RT It seems like I'll be having to head out to Chad earlier than I thought for Darfur United. Wow. Gotta move. |
Loading day! We begin rehearsals for ART at the Cultural Arts Center today Preview Fri evening, 2/10. Official opening on Sat, 2/11
If a guy wants you, nothing can keep him away from you. If he doesn't want you, nothing can make him stay.
THIS! RT #NevaTrustAGirl who is a #Chicago #bears fan
Tonight, at The Republic House! Start time 8:30p for food & drinks and CT4 live! 12333 West Avenue (via )
I saw at Village Pizza tonight :P I don't watch kickin it but I recognize him. I <33 village pizza sandwiches :D
RT “: Girls with pretty smiles are my weakness....”--- same with boys!!!
RT : found that 13% of ppl exp #homelessness in the #rva region have gone through a foreclosure (as owner or renter)
Whitey's caught, OJ confesses, what's next?
S/O To on da inquiry
I hate seeing victoria's secret models. Not every girl looks like that
Just overheard this. Guy 1: "What's a good stock that's cheap?" Guy 2: "One that will shoot up, like, today"? Guy 1: "Yeah, that one."
you're the man hulk. keep at it. id love to tatt you next time you're ready.
When I hear that sound its either a teenagers rice burner with a folgers can muffler or someone is trimming their hedges -
your a mom and its a parent thing your baby is not a baby anymore :-)
Very tired. Sleep would be a wonderful thing. Caffeine and rehearsal will have to do.
and I were talking about how he looks so different without it! Hahah
I knew it had to do with the darkest timeline!
Oh god yes. RT GO to The Counter El Segundo TONIGHT for $1 Mudslinger Brown Ale & $2 Hinano Tahitian Beer 4PM-CLOSE.
-- your show is part of the healing and moving forward process. Here's to your mom. :)
OMG! You are talented. That's beautiful!
Am not free at 4 pm today. May be best to email or I am free at 3 pm today.
thanks hope all is well with u!
Can't get my darn twitter acct to work....let's try again...
The Western Conference is likely to represented by a weak team. The 40 win Kings or the 42 win Coyotes? Yikes.
¡Cuy especially! Where are you in Peru currently?
Beyonce did that!!!!
Good luck today and with your audition for the X Factor!!! Your going to be great!! (:
Thank god im leaving campus.(:
Doin good its Friday, you
Thanks for the follow
Morning world :D I sleep a beauty queen after her big win ^_^
Interview portion of documentary being shot next weekend, this week will b dedicated to research and fine tuning Q & A
e. I ask you to receive and love him. His name is Jesus Christ. Now say quietly: You can enter, Lord, I need you, cleanse my heart with your
Did you know that magnesium is 30% lighter than aluminum.
And getting not that much production from Elton Brand
Waiting for to take the stage
"I pregammed my einsteins this morning with a mcdouble"
im so sorry chica. I wouldnt have paid her after that. Did u?
it's OK. Everybody already knows to not go to you for your hockey knowledge.
North korea launched.....good job Obama
Thanks for choosing to make us a part of your evening!
Fellow creative types will agree - : "Sleeping is no mean art: for its sake one must stay awake all day."
listening to i love her music:) IM A SWIFTY!
Mob thru brooklyn; I am clod hearted; I seek up on you like japan did pearl harbor... I am fire stater back draft lol blancos !!!
Such a nerd my mom got me sweet new pens for Easter
#ThingsIReallyCantStand- people who think they're better than you so they think it's okay to be rude to you.
That's why we're planning on NOT requiring a log in to make an online purchase. However,
That really should have read
Hey everyone! let's start a Trend!
Stuco gets me so excited for senior year! :)
and i'ma be in the library tomorrow if u wanna get on
At board meeting for Progressive planning for the future!
Check out the preview for Transatlantic-More Never is Enough at www.radiantrecords.com. Pre-sales began today.... Releases on Oct 25th.
Style points for citing a 1973 article from L'Homme!
hey guys do me a favor and retweet my last tweet if you agree. I dont think im the only one.
got a new LG TV, screen was cracked and not from shipping, LG will not warranty it. Shame on you for building your product in Mexico.
this week in US History I am teaching Reconstruction
Unfortunately as long as guys like Pedro Gomez are voting, deserving players will be left out due to unwarranted "suspicion"...
think you should prove yourself first my man then make whatever you want!
Actual ad for seminar: "Account Management for Marketing Communications Firms Like Your's is Getting Tougher." Next seminar: spelling.
Amazing bands playing today at the Phoenix Epilepsy Walk for Epilepsy Awareness Month Thank you and for performing!
Andy Samberg...where do you live in this city. We have to go on a date. It just has to happen.
I feel like I have so much cleaning to do. I just don't have to motivation to do it.
sh*t! Id rather be in miami then in this litle hoedunk town! Lol
Check your link. Funny how 1 missing letter can really change the message ha!
I will but later hahaha coz he's mad at me for some reason hahahah
Just got word that we will be on Fox 34 news this Thursday with Nicole Garza! Live on location ! 6:30am-9am.
that's the dumbest thing ever, he's basically TRYING to get people to pirate movies going forward.
Taking pics in the photo shoot with him playing with the ball singing dancing talking yeah:)
Remember happiness doesn't depend upon who you are or what you have; it depends solely on what you think.- Dale Carnegie
That's what we like to hear! :)
You can blame Chris and Jack for that one. Chris for getting married and Jack for picking this weekend for the bachelor party.
Be our 100th follower & recieve a FREE 20 minute, 2-needle, Stress Reduction treatment!
Thanks my fav ATL doll": ": Off to the tropical beaches bye bye US see u soon."<-- Have a safe & fun trip honey!"
u look so familiar
Hard to get back into the swing of twitter, when I've been off for a while.
Omg RT : pan-fried, seasoned white fish on corn tortilla, w/ shredded cabbage, avocado, cilantro, & yogurt lime sauce
No but seriously, this is about to get hella messy. Idk what to do .
wonder how the "social security is a ponzi scheme" will play in the florida primary.
So, who did you find? re: museum tweeters
how many games did Syracuse lose by 30+ points?
When ever is Back in Chicago im there. Everytime i see yall in concert its just an EPIC experience each time.
I wish that all the ladies were bells in a tower...
I hope comes to DC on his Buried Alive tour.
You should post recommendations. My book club is meeting tonight to discuss 50 shades and I want to impress them w/ good smut.
Good luck, Griffin! Get after it!
#itsawkwardwhen some farts in the subway! In
S/O thanks luv!!
we are always running for the thrill of it, thrill of it!
Accessability wise...not politically!
you're obese
youre a bitch
I feel like my tweets mean nothing... they are fun, but nobody reads them... so why am I typing this. It's like a parodox...
A Wise man once said "Increase the Peace! Silence the Violence!"
To all HR Managers, save time now you can order your Birthday Office cakes with us - 855-454-4500 will deliver it to You ,. !!!!
it was ok... Cam Gigandet is total eye candy.
Last day of spring break, going to the mall with my best friend (yaaaaaay).
Tony Horowitz is as witty on the stage as he is on the page
My nails are all ugly and messed up now! D:
Bret Victor gives two different talks at Berkeley this week, and I miss both due to scheduling conflicts. bummed.
Hoping that everyones friday has started out well so far.
Weekend Special on Music Videos of all types. $250. includes one HD camera setup with lighting w/ video editing. Contact 412.417.0952
“: Calvin Johnson, Hines Ward and Orlando Hudson all in The Jungle today.”. Gotta listen to my dude Megatron!!!!
That was the best shower of my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
lol you both said that! You're right, that's where the weirdest freaks are too!
Lamar, where's my Harper's?
I go by the same theory. happy Holidays
Shakespeare is the most quoted author in the English speaking world. It would be hard to find a %
Design Tip: Clear out the clutter in one of your rooms to feel refreshed for the new year.
booboo Stewart and Justin bieber<3
Good morning, morning
haha why's that then & I passed it x
Nope! Just need to be in the general vicinity and serving Milwaukee area brides. Just added you! :)
Thx for mention!
Proud to see the amazing in the line up for #CMF12. Hat's off to new voices in #causemarketing and
Crab cakes and boiled shrimp for dinner with Jimmy Buffet background music. Tampa, FLA style.
Pour me another so I can #forget you now
who cares! It's not like I'm going to date the kid
RT : Is This the Ugliest Mona Lisa?, A Presidential Vacation #Art Guide for #Obama, and More Must-Read Art News:...
also I am hungry.
Headed to Phoenix and Denver for #sportsbiz meetings through Monday. Annual conference week follows. Busy is an understatement.
Ok, time to head out. Nervous as fucking fuck.
how else is he going to make you nervous about the incredible destructive force and beauty of a thunderstorm?
Damn Bulls what a disappointment..
It's Saturday night in #Vegas, I want to do something! Any suggestions?
Another sunny day!
New obsessions:
Q: What's your big wish for 11.11.11. day? Make it a great day!
I'm into drinking my coffee black.
thanks! who knew the king county courthouse could be so romantic? ;)
Checking the gate/chip, speed, reset, hot tips...etc. :)
same problem here D:
When gum looses its flavor<<<<<
that would look great on the wall in my living room behind your Macfarlane's!
Lebron brought his talents to south beach, too bad he forgot to bring them to the finals.
go follow plz... i just wanna jerk ;D
Ha! RT Bruce Wyman, digital strategy speaker at #MW2012 by day, closeted auctioneer by night.
I think you're right. For the record, I wouldn't mind a little Outback in this town either.
March and Rally with Librarians this Labor Day! More info at www.savethelibrary.org.
Big Bang Theory and Mountain Dew! :)
wherebouts? It was like a candy store on Atlantic n Cyphris n Fulton Ave was off the hook!!! U wz wit Monkey r Treeno?
Did you know we have build your own Pasta bowl. Come in try it, we know you will love it.
Getting ready to go to a graduation party for one of my girlfriend's friends. Why do I feel so old? haha!
When I get back home from vacation, I'm goiing to go on a diet
wish I could get there but they've just cancelled hundreds of flights :( I wish I could be there have a wonderful day
Mebe just for a lil bit...
my mantra, with a few excpetions of course.
Thanks to all my followers.
thanks for the #FF :)
I fucking hate waking up in the morning more than I hate my worst enemy
I think "coding" is from the coding sheets used to mark punch cards. Hire a great ape to do your coding. You guys are smarter than that.
researching CIA mind control experiments in the 60's. Very Interesting.
My next run will be from Lake Mills High School at 4:50pm. Any Bunny there ?
are you coming to my spin class tomorrow with ?
thank you
Shawty go hard concrete
son & I watching #chelsea vs #arsenal on ESPN. Good soccer in action.
Thanks for the follow
Best in Albuquerque...great customer service, we've used them multiple times for repairs and they did an excellent job. Pricey but worth it
So thats all I can think of it a mc chicken.
But seriously, , I’ll miss you!
I have no idea what Romney said on that clip.... O_O huh? - okay, I'm also eating chips... :)
So the man that destroyed companies, shipped jobs overseas & robbed hard-working Americans of their retirement $ wants to "fix" the economy?
is it ready yet:-)
your a god
You are welcome Enjoy the weekend ^^
RT if you think #TWITTER is addictive!
missed you last night at the #poshparty - I'm in Eli withdrawl - let's plan a catch up date!
you have the best tweets (:
this is gonna be a funny night probably gonna lay someone out this should be good >=)
It's weird in Sweden how they ALWAYS seem to ask about food allergies without even any prompting in restaurants.
Jersey shore time
night night <3
I didn't even notice retweeted me. He followed tweeted and retweeted me all in a week. Omg<333
Shopping with Samantha Allen!!!
Lift off
Huge, huge game.
70% of African American Women are unmarried?!?!? African American Men-
but none of us have school, so why should we? We can sleep all dayy.
oh no, that's effed up. Does the camera shop have security video so the cops could find this person?
Just got home<3 (:
business good ride or die ex mgr &personal controlin women don't mix folks gotta know they role&lane.ijs
that's unfortunate, you should tell him how you feel
I just saw a dead kitten. I just got really sad. :/
I'm sure it was some kind of accidental oversight by the #Emmy people! :)
I cut my own hair & it looks good!!!
yes, it's part of the new NBA Gametime app but costs $45 for the season.
i dare you to retweet this and follow me... I bet you 10000 dollars you wont though. -_- *sigh
...and yet those recently deceased are called "late." Therefore an early shade is all the more awkward...
engagement was a push too. we get a new word and it's like a shiny new pet.
You still looking for a place in May? Ima talk to my dudes.
We had some nice recordings with the smi #eyetracking glasses at lund eyetracking academy in lund
thx love! Happy to have you on our team... Amaze job this week! Def. needed you;)
Bout to catch the Midnight Showing of Hunger Games with the crew!! Should be good!!!!
thanks very much buddy!
RT Big wish of the day: Talk in court IF a jury gets seated today trial's opening statements could begin late this afternoon.
Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lovers Swiss, the police German, and it's all organized by the Italians..haha
Never seen someone ask to give another person his 'coldest regards'..
All my electronic devices are going so slow today.
Looks like you are doing great work! How can I be of assistance?
last song of 1st set on fat tues in Madison, I jumped off a short bench. Landed wrong. Boom. Right knee. Going for MRI today.
Thanks! you too!
#jhumda I like following Great info related to class.
#ShelsOnSunday 3000+ downloads & views.. lets keep it going!!
awesome!! Cant wait! See you there!
Someone just texted me and said "It's a boy!" and I don't have a clue who it is. Uhh....Congratulations?
Good news everyone has taken over the web building duties! As a cofounder member and main artists contributor we are very excited!
Oh so excited for work today..oh wait.. I'm just ready to move and get things going
Hey G you making it out to practice tomorrow!? Good 2 c u there!
I can seriously barley breathe.. Iloveyou so much<U+E106>
Oh shit me either lol I'm still at work :( I have an hour and 15 mins to go :/
I want to get the fuck out here.
1 more day until Christmas-any Christmas Eve plans?
Everyone go follow , so he will have 5k followers and go to sleep. :)
Got a PINK paw cake order for a lucky doggie #whoohoo #Atlanta #dogs <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
When you get right with yourself you will meet the right people.
What do you think of ? I gave it a whirl, but didn't get sucked in.
The thought of me being happy slowly disappears the moment I think about you :/
And that's all she wrote. Playoffs? See ya!
I've joined H-Diplo. The world has ended.
SHUT UP FRANKIE! I hate you for that tweet.
The after-parties are going to ROCK! Buying a VIP pass gives you access to all things Festival!!
what's her twitter?
Hiya new followers. :3 welcome to Jessica-ville.
definitely ! Need to get this brace off and then Ill be a chillin machine !
Moving onto Q & A. Madelou's been asked if the medium of cell phones changes the story
even if i popped some pills i wouldnt tap that (: lmao
Georgia and meridian
But nothing can be changed until it is faced
just finished a break practicing Beethoven's "Moonlight Sonata." My pinkies are sore from that octave +1 reach! Back to homework...
Although my mileage is a little down this week (35) it was a good week. 1 long run (15) 1 hill workout & 1 interval session.
not French but i know French :)
is now a TRUE "PAKALITE!!!"-www.cdbaby.com/pakman1
i love u twitter followers u make my day
Hey! Chinquapin School in Houston TX. How are you?
I looked into Big Data for edu, we're really far away. So much more would need to happen through apps. Convo is premature.
Fortunately, as we all learned from the conductor, you can get close to Sea World on the trolley, which you can get to from the train.
Once again, the Rangers PK is significantly more dangerous than their PP on offense.
oh, us too!! RT : Best thing about Mondays? Relaxing to a new ep of at the end of the day.
"Sometimes I hear you calling From some lost and distant shore I hear you crying softly for the way it was before"
Getting ready to attend a webinar on social media strategy for business... Hope to learn lots!
it is getting toasty outside perfect #beachday ft lauderdale
The is this week ! Weather is perfect and the golf should be even better. Good luck to all of the players!
Fire Fighters Issue Statement on the Death of Osama bin Laden
Jersey, i'm coming for you.
5 year old girl riding bike, helmet had a tiara on top of it
Packing up the apartment. Looking forward to the future. :-)
MUHH EYES HURT. I need sleep, goodnight.
that's certainly the case up in Portland.
iPhone users thought we was special lol U can still b LAME usin whatever phone u use! What's da debate about?
Good Luck!
"Put him in a body bag johnny"- Brandon's favorite line from this movie
.........O.K. Richards is a HGP, The Timbers Cheat,..... can we get back to complaining about MLS scheduling already???
Of course he did. That's awesome.
#YouNowAskAlexandRobert How tall?old are you and Robert?
Dude, can't wait for this RT : May 8th 2012..._b “ Release date?”
RT2WIN Contest coming up soon! Who do you want to see at for FREE?! Stay Tuned...
Oh snap, diddy jump!
Watching "Game of Thrones" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Love your POV. Ever heard of 60s Sandstone Retreat? Gay Talese wrote in "Thy Neighbor's Wife." I wrote a screenplay.
Pajamarama Banjo Jam Band. Yup, that's us. #PJBJband (cc )
You only live once.
sure are you depositing the money into my account?? ;-)
Congrats. Well deserved. You're going to crush it. I have no doubt.
(reading it now as well as I can) What was your question that she says you didn't answer?
people chill all night at a club but wont wake up to go to church. you coulda been raped or shot. you ignore the one who watched over you!
#TRUTH Some people linger in our lives. Its best we ignore them. RT": if u dont entertain a fool eventally they go away!!"
Wife always said chorizo is the kind of thing that sneaks up on you at night. #Brewers #WheresChorizo promo proves it.
Ever had questions about the structure & functionality of public spaces in KC? Get answers today with a Brown Bag Lunch Talk 12-2
And what is your favorite English phrase? I'm torn between "We're freeing up your trust fund" and "We have an open marriage."
fingers crossed for something really great that I have been working on to happen. PLEASE HAPPEN!!!
Hahahahaha! I love you man!
#nisoEbook Eschenfelder rent vs loan anxiety goes back to 1990s citation databases, ejournals. Licenses initially viewed as non-negotiable.
Oh my. good choice! you will now live to see another day.
didn't notice, but I'm thinking not.
oard how you get in? help ah nigga out
I can't tell you the last time I bought a pair of sneakers...probably over 5 yrs ago..I just don't wear them like that.
It's official...I have a tapeworm. That's the only explanation for the non-stop eating...I've named him Rupert!
Can't wait
Ok RT “: I woulda called 2Pac westside but he did get around b4 landing there. Kurrupt also”<--- they both west coast
Sorry, I chuckled while reading this and the idea struck me. Please forgive my mad bit of Interweb tomfoolery.
big booty chick back a nigga to the wall
I hate waitinq, but for u i'll wait the lonqest b/c babe ik ur worth it<3
My life is an incarceration.
Are you just drinking margaritas the entire time you are there?
it's cuz you taste so good.
DONE WITH AP EUROPEAN HISTORY FOR LIFE. THANK YOU GOD!
RT : Watching shoot threes at practice warms my heart. #Spurs/Grizzlies
Coming up at 6:30 Eddie Johnson talks about the tough decision to retire
Restoring AD for a customer, with Commvault.
Can't.believe this is it for
I hope will get a hat trick to win today.
lol c'mon fellas! gotta respect these ladies, they belong to the Lord
keep up the good work, yo boy H
I'm watching with a short delay so we'll sometimes hear yells from the guy downstairs. It's rather funny.
We are proud to be a part of Asheville Earth Day.
obviously needs more eyeballs on her blog, FB, HuffPo articles.
we are watchin too!! I was hopin Gordon was gna be in that first wreck. Still more time!!
I have developed a list of 27 reasons why the Flyers lost last night.
You do a damn good job RT Gotta keep my body sexy
Finally nailed double unders. Took me months, but finally got it!
thanks for coming ! It was great to see you! =)
Thanks for the #FF shout out!
It seems like the last couple of times I've been there I've ended up seeing you, working or not, heh.
lmao. did mommy ever give yours back
Poised Creation network is continuing to be built.
I hate when I leave pills in my mouth when I'm going to get a drink.
Nice to meet more fellow writers:
Charities and care providers claim that eight hundred thousand people are lonely, isolated and at risk.
Im so bored!:/
We are here if you need us oklahomahomerepair.com. Have a great day and God bless.
Tonight ku will show everyone that he is the greatest basketball coach of all time. He can win with any 5 players you give him.
Ladys Follow My True Bro Real Nigga Baby...
GoodNight yall I tried. I voted for all day today I hope we win and get that USTREAM 1-4-3 stay mindless please follow back
Gonna have to add a "finding a fucking seat at Starbucks" line to my invoices. Ugh
OMG, it doesn't get any more cute than that. <3<3<3
The best way to contact me is via email at help[at]teamtreehouse[dot]com - thanks!
Pop up sale in East Atlanta Village. Fri & Sat, 12 to 8 pm at 493 Flat Shoals Road. Designer clothing, shoes and vintage starting at $5.
I TOLD YOU...I CAN'T YELL AT YOU WITHOUT ACTUALLY YELLING...
Great one handed catch tonight...that was sick..
Yup....just had examples of odd and even numbers explained to us.
what is your favorite music score in a film?
wow he wont to kik it wit me i bet he thinks hes gonna git sum lol that will take time he cant play wit me thats old news i need new news
Who wants to give 3 desperate guys a ride to java jam?
RT : There's still time & room to join me & for our Connect Membership Dinner! Doors open at 5pm!
Shes got you high and you don't even know yet
I find my phone only rings when I am in the shower.
Dame watching the Nightmare Before Christmas lol wondering what Vinny's doing lol i love u
We need to do something together
M Goodmorning world! Guess I should get up!
he is going to play 3B. The news just said he doesn't like it, but he is going to do it...
Happiness lies in good health and a bad memory. -Ingrid Bergman
get it!
be safe on ya drive back
If children hear fine music from the day of their birth and learn to play it, they develop sensitivity, discipline and endurance.-S. Suzuki
Very cool!
Let's go play in the water, you can borrow my rolling stone t-shirt
Going to spin class tonight...with my dad O_o
I was subbed to about 300 channels. I can't get into the old channel to see who all was there.
So true! RT : Every high-tech option needs a low tech back-up.
Dependent white woman: so either you're dusty or disrespected? ....
hai sending you fan mail I hope you reply ! (:
Lovely! I am not a LV shopper but those windows are truly inspiring. I hope one day you'll walk by in
Today: dance audition on pointe, stunt class and bellydancing! Love busy days!
Football is gayer than I am.
Weird, it just made me ever more hungry...
I turned my television to the ENCORE channel just in time to see Beyonce kill a bitch in the movie "Obsessed"
Good thing I have as my best friend . I'd probably get jumped every day at school otherwise lmao
oh she can
q3) orgs should use twitter for interactive chat with customers. Had great response from US Air a few weeks ago.
Yay! DVR set! RT I'm on tomorrow at 11am with cute kids in adorable spring fashions! 10 kids in 1 studio...
twas lovely seeing you two!
What is your take on the For-Profit EDU sector if student loan rates go up?
Don't have a son to take to work, so I brought the SUN out. You're welcome. Enjoy him quickly, because he's likely to take a nap this PM.
Now yer talkin! “: ..Both??? RT:": Coffee flavored pizza, or pizza flavored coffee, for breakfast?"”
thanks. i'll try my bestest :)
gettin ready to go home wassup with u
Come see the Go Fast Pass promotion next Thursday at the Steel City Pregame ESPN 1360am!!
I'll Dm you it. Okay.
so.. just created Facebook and Twitter Google+ business pages... thought I'd see how long I can hold on to them lol
One door closed a few more opened
I saw Skull and I was like oh shit I have to watch this. :p
Just received my third "Grove - I just have a really quick question re my tax return..." text of the day. Happens every year. Happy to help!
its actually the wizards
Lazy days, beautiful nights, bachy hair, water fights, hot guys, tanned skin, schools out, SUMMERS IN.
LEGGINGS ARE PANTS. Period (that's one period for emphasis and two for punctuation).
so are white washed jeans.
Perfect spot for accountant, want to be close to Old Town, I40 and hub zone, starting $299 dm me if interested
I want it to be friday. These week feels long it only tuesday!
That's wat happens when youngins try to be adults too quickly
Lmao #inmyfeelings RT I feel like a conversational lush RT : your intoxicating my mind
what was the adapter you use to display your iPad screen today? Does it work for iPhones?
RT : Big Happy Birthday Shout out to my Dude Dyson!!!! From The entire Citi Team!!!!
thank you lovely! :)
Finished shooting for the day - enjoying the beautiful weather in the market area of #UnionSquare :)
Just got it. Not sure if we'll be able to get someone to your show, but we'll def try. And we'll review CD/preview show too
Ah Punk you're so random (: Just 2 funny :,)
Reading whilst getting my tan on.
Follow me !! <<< thats my personal<3
I heard 4-9pm on the Biden motorcade. Can you confirm?
Poor Japan. Hopefully things get settled and safe sooner than later.
CAUSE I SAID.
did u get my message babe? :)
So push it--isn't seeing clearly key to CSL? And the love of God undergirds most of his mission. No? And if no, why not? :)
Do you mean off of Cottonwood & Magnolia?
there's no way the new dark knight can be as good as the last one
alright then xD
Reminder: Regular Meeting tonight at 7:30. We'll try to keep it brief so there is more time for hacking.
Barrett had an excellent day of campaigning. #Wiunion has your back, as you move #Wisconsin #FORWARD ~The focus is on Friendship and Good.
Seriously considering seeing The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel while friends watch The Avengers on Saturday. WHAT, GET OFF MY LAWN!
The strong #Catholicism in #Cuba testifies: Cuba is #Communist b/c those controlling world #Democracy had no love/concern 4 the Cuban poor.
Otis: Dad tried putting a collar on me and every time I bark something on the floor bites me. I can't find whatever is biting me!! Hm
Hmm...I tend to think it would make them more relevant as long as they stay tuned in and advanced in trends and culture ^lb
next goal 11million followers...lol...no chance of following back me....follow please!!
Have a great Friday and a relaxing weekend. See ya!
RT : New York city >
Just got my Cupcake to eat as I watch #CBS Two Broke Girls, Tonight on CBS.
So excited can't sleep I wonder if he'll see his shadow
This Aint The End,,.............Im More Like The Must Be Continued Issue.
What douches. What did they expect if they didn't want to help you promote the show??
I covered ur rally today. Regardless of u feel about her stance, how is it appropriate for you to label that way?
Katherine perry !!! LMFAO
Amazing! how are you?? :)
lol im just sayin yeah its fun to do trust me but damn
RT THIS GET DAYDREAMING TRENDING!!!!
thank you Irene. Bless you. :)
Despite the loss, we still love this team. Time to really get it back together and win some games. At least it wasn't a shutout.
Day off today, hot outside today trying to get the car wahed & waxed. Now, sitting on the back deck B.S'ing with friends.
I'm kind of loving this weather
#SuperBowl weekend... A low carbers nightmare. Don't worry there are good low carb foods that are football related. Chili is mans best bet!
The greatest oak was once a little nut who held its ground.
Looking for new technical writing opportunities.
Ok lesson learned... Don't book jazz gigs in Kentucky. Lexington is dead town. Glad I'm out of there. Never again.
Got carried away cherryjam cultured butter w/sea salt, WG, tofu, hummus, sprouts galore!!
i got this feeling that someone knows my password for fb
should arrive nearly on time after all.
If you don't get it then you probably don't got it...
.RT : Audio is terrible. Everyone sounds like they have a tiny little man trapped in their pocket, trying to be heard.
ADD ME ON FACEBOOK IF U HAVENT ALREADY FOR 21 AND UP www.facebook.com/ChristNazon
Seeing all the new messages make my day. :)
We'll be at the Lehigh Valley #Autism Walk in a week. Can't wait to see everyone there.
get to see my sister today and hopefully my two wonderful nephews. (:
Out and about downtown.
Hello Sarah, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to sharing.
Are there any Pirates fans left after yesterday?
Not if that is what she wants. If she is motivated, I foresee a well-rounded adult.
matt b, you still need followers, lmfaooo
Big debut performance today for Jerry Brown! Send us your love.
yikes! At least you had an amazing dinner and lots of applesauce. Stay safe :)
missed the inaugural lunch in UTC w #BoudinsIs2PACtoUS!
let me know as soon as you look it up! :)
Haven't tweeted in YEARS...
Jazz/Funk tonight at 8pm. Find out who runs the world!!
IF YOU HATE JUSTIN BIEBER OR SELENA GOMEZ I HATE YOU!:)
": Morning peeps!" <> Morning
dexter is getting sick as hell!
Good stuff Wayno!
damn , we're moving a couple of blocks away not to mars
do it. You have nothing to lose.
#15ReasonsToLovePrinceton he's sweet and loving ....
Watching on WPXI just made my really miserably night a whole lot better.
Yeah, Sun Diego (locally owned) sells a ton of Toms, they told me in Dec.
why people be spellin like this? they put you in english class for a reason. ''Diszz Shiid Isz whadd i khall swaqq''. seriously? lmao
imma add you on this girl "ellie" ok fb,and talk on there,k?
so embarassed about whatever happened during last night's halloween antics, don't remember a thing!
us too! No big plans... kind of like that way. :)
C'mon Buffs, figure it out
kidding melissa! :D
Keys returned, cable box returned. Officially a Watertown resident. Now on to unpacking!
No excuses, No apologies.
why not sponsor kenseth all season? class act, great racer, good pub 4 u!
I'm that guy that leaves just enough toilet paper on the roll to piss the next guy off.
The entire office is wearing flip flops... like everyday.
You forget all the songs you were going to get on your iPod when you finally get to iTunes.
Life is too precious, do not ruin it.
He is not here! He is risen! Happy Easter everyone! Hope u had a blessed day!
Just cried for a bout 5 min don't care not hiding it..You don't wannaa know what's going on with me then fuck it you don't care to even ask
After fighting traffic and getting my kid home, nanny left, told me to pay her on Sat. Perfect. Society will have collapsed by then.
Trade mission to China pays off, Idaho Gov. Otter says - Chicago Tribune
hey are you in vt?
South st may have barely recovered from last night, but we're less then 3 hrs from starting all over again! 5 bands + Karaoke!! Dobbs Rocks!
Midtown's Board meets Wednesday evening at 7:00pm at City Hall's Reeves Conference Room.
i love lady gaga
Okay....blake shelton just said sum big buff boi was fierce....lmao. It is what it is. Shows kikkin ass in Denver.
Spiteful Spitting
History does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. -Dwight D. Eisenhower
OUCH! sorry to hear that.
front door?
You missing something right, I got it... flight wear. :-)
Running the 5k leg of the Duke City Marathon tomorrow!
I noticed a promoted tweet this morning, super targeted to my interests on cc
Rock City is right save your money cat! You'll be glad you did! The highest review was like a D!! :)
I like that. Nothing like some good old human capital.
Austin should come to Canada for a concert. Heck, he should just go on a worldwide tour! ^-^
that's the Christmas special right. Ahh I'm remembering now. What's next for you?
I love these Twin Peaks! With
yep that's why they wanted her out, all of'em was scared of her.
you're all I ever wanted
What makes me happiest right now is the ministry in which even in death Whitney's life has provided to the world.
This course in Thousand Oaks looks amazing. What're your thoughts: KJ Choi or Tiger?
“We think we understand the rules when we become adults but what we really experience is a narrowing of the imagination.” — David Lynch
well he's a very cute "friend" ;) looks like you're having fun!
Get ready DSM.
Happy Friday Stu! Thanks for being so awesome! :)
says you. Leading the witness?
A quick plea from a WI teacher: Don't vote for Barrett. He is buddies w/ Chicago mayor that has made the Chicago teachers want to strike.
Yeah I have got more than 300 followers this is really great let's keep going leggo!! Ps thank u to my followers you guys rock!!!
Good fellowship with some gr8 guys this morn..
one more follower dammit
I'm Glad I Had My Daddy,He Taught Me Never to Take Shit No Matter What Form it Came in, in There's More Than One Way to Make Money.
Don't forget.
I do, therefore, invite my fellow citizens in every part of the United States, and also
not that cool yet
As u always should RT : hey I say what I feel. Lol
Hey guys sry i haven't been on i've been takin' a little break! Anyone miss me?(:
You could have your own reality TV show: Femme Eye for the (Fashion Clueless) Queer Girl!
follow back <U+E404>
#Teenagers #Relationships should be mentored with care. Who wants to be heartbroken in high school?
#GirlsWithNoAss hey brighter note some guys are into that. just not all :/
were thinking for Christmas were gonna do an acoustic song on Stickam for you guys!
WTF!!! 4 pc mcnugget is NOT on the dollar menu anymore! Now they are $1.89.
JUST GOT IN CKRIB HAD TOOK BRU WIFEY TO THE HOSPITAL BEEN DEER SINCE 639 IN MORNING BT HM WHOS UP WITH ME .
hey what's up man
Im jamaican, so i guess thats why i take the heat so well. :/
Jason Statham is probably so sore
Im tired of the guys i go for. According to katy i need a black guy. Ahhaha.
Followers, if you can hear me please ReTweet this! I'll explain why in a little bit...
Really wants the iPhone 4S anybody want to go to ntelos with me? Ntelos has $50.00 off all their iPhones!
Is one happy Saturday girl. Peaceful. Calm. And that's ok.
I follow all my followers !!!!
I think it's a great idea - The city would benefit tremendously!
Rafael Furcal with a rather #YuniEsquey play.
The #NY Giants Are Gunna Win This Game...
I will be expecting you to bring us food every time you come over now... sweet thanks.
Aw thanks Meg!
Forreal like that's her only kidRT : why the fuck is TINY'S NAME ON TWITTER tinymajormama lmao
Williams sucks. Two fair catches with no one close.
GO FOLLOW I'm 100& sure that she follow back <U+266A><U+266B>
R.I.P. Whitney Houston CNN confirmed her death today at 48
You got that right. :)
Big Homer by Votto into the Apple! That is an All-Star shot.
What is this rhythmic pounding coming from the neighbors?
Congrats to my friends , named "best sports media" in a fan-voted sports poll. (And : told you you'd win!)
Thanks! RT : Memory training course in the (memory) bank. Hats off to for a job well done.
It's annoying as hell.
Are you kidding me?
Very impressed with She is awesome!!
I tried to think of the unique, besides South Beach. Micro suits & club mixes meld into one blur eventually.
MWP will serve his last game of his 7 game suspension when Lakers play the Nuggets Thursday. LA leads series 3-2.
At home! Watching pretty little liars(: have homework.. Gonna go ride 4 wheelers with my mom and shot guns later when it's not so dang hot!
thank you my friend!
Thank you for the inclusion in Experience Optimism! Have a great week!
RT : It's almost here, commencing in less than 2 hours
That rumor alone makes me want to stop reading them haha
As a thank you to our followers, we're doing a book giveaway tomorrow! Yes, a real book.
DFI is searching for like minded people who want a great organization to donate to...is that you?
thank you!
RT : There's an owl outside in the tree. Apparently he only wants to know the answer to 1 question because he keeps saying "WHO!?"
Thanks for the follow! If we can help you or your readers with funding let us know!
...that just sounds extremely creepy.
thanks for the ff love! You guys rule...everyone go check if you haven't yet
. Awesome... You and your family should take a weekend break to my side of the mts and I'll get us a winery gig! Lol
LMAO nigga stay off twitter then
A week from today is our first MOL session at 12:30 - see you then
#NowPlaying – Sted-E & Hybrid Heights – Bingo Players - Rattle (Original Mix)
I'm finished with greedy XM.
If it confuses the Tea Party, go for it. But then they need a recipe to make ice cubes.
Oh, man!!! It figures! haha
Lord, Please bless anyone who reads this. Send Abundance to those who are lacking and Healing to those who are hurting.
"hippies and idiots are magnetically attracted to you". Thanks
Do not follow they aint #TeamFollowBack!
On April 25 Cirque du Soleil, the show TOTEM arrives to San Diego. Learn more about it in the March issue of Giving Back Magazine.
Sometimes the unbreakable breaks in half. <U+E023>
Currently working on cartoon posters for Norman's Farm Market...
Wed. S.J. football roundup: Adeyemo, NBC finish with flourish Tosin Adeyemo ran for more than 200 yards in his final high school football
Sir, you win the Wit Award for Tuesday, May 8.
growing up in Los Angeles (Hunt. Pk.), buying tortillas was never so difficult; you only had two choices: flour or corn.
" i do this for tha music "
I was ready 2 punish
ah! she's so gross!
Milwaukee Habitat volunteers! Tell about how your volunteer to help our partner families to help us win $1,000
S\O to Marquez for fighting a great fight too bad he got robbed by the current champ
it was kris jenner there not kim kardashian :)
¡No lo creo!
Can ever one follow for me please
It hurts alot thou ..!
Nothing more evil you can say on twitter than "RBI"
I didn't put it on a flash drive, there was no room! I'm gonna try again on Monday!
the outcome is much more important then the receipt! (and not google+ invite for me either)
Some of my best ideas come when I'm away from my desk. Putting my shorts on backwards was not one of them.
New icon(;
Have a great weekend!
Have a Great Day Sweetie
that really is awesome.
I think I've decided on my next tattoo
You know it's the end of the year when it's locker clean out day
Yo,do u have a contact for production?
On that note, I've had a migraine all day... Probably from barely sleeping all week, so I'm going to bed... at 7pm... Goodnight:)
maybe he won't find out what I know..I hope he is a gentlemen.
I have to finish mocking jay tonight...
In Akron, OH you need a $15/ year license to own a home security system.
don't apologize! the compliment was good enough! <3
Lets pick it up boys
You are a sweetheart! Thank you for the RT Dale!
ha ha what a professional poser! Cute
“: #TheVoice would be so much better if were a judge” Absolutely! Well said...
No one should vote for the republican party for ONE simple reason: THEY want to take away our right to vote! Obama-Biden 2012 NO GOP!!
That was a valid point. Thanks for sharing your opinion with us!
Thanks for the intro. Hi Soon I'll have a blog up about freelancing ...
there's a #vegan #vegetarian group on
LIFE WOULD BE BETTER if I had a boyfriend....
A birthday party at 10am on a Sunday is so not cool!
Proactive IT for your small business.
what's #tslv?
my dad dead tryna unconvince my aunt to come with me to campout for justin like STFUUUUUUU
#middleschoolmemories....I was the girl no boy didn't want to talk to because I was the UGLY DUCKLING ..&& now, LOOK AT ME N O W :-) :-)
#Soccer training tonight for 3 teams in Boynton Beach.
Tony is a dork!
you don't say that!!
Do the good folks ever succeed?
Thanks for the follow. Interesting script on your blog, when are you going to turn it into a short?
Awesome! I may be there too. I'm 2 hours away. RT : I'll be at #shecon12 and speaking!
worked in her favour! Ton of extra publicity....maybe someone can flour bomb me :)
"Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds, cannot change anything." ~ George Bernard Shaw
I miss you I wish things were different.
Thanks for listing #WritingEditing /local-followers !
Our CEO is speaking at Texas Wall Street Women in Austin on the topic of the modern career woman!
- Emily, get a loud megaphone and shuuuussssh them if they start again :-) - we librarians can do that to anyone!!!
Stunned and Saddened about the news of
FIXING UP THOR. GET READY FOR TOUR DATES!
Great giveaway on our blog! www.knowledgesafari.com
is funny how when u was young u was always scared of your mama or daddy but as you get older u start to buck on they ass!
you never met a chick like Ariana grande .burns so bight she's gonna make you blind ( give it up Ariana grande and Elizabeth Gilles) RT :D
aww for real ? Poor mommy her little girl grew up !
lmao i feel so disgusting right now, it was all over my face
Thanks for all the shouts, everyone! Happy #WW :-)
Some things to look forward to? Slumdog, Button, Torino, Reader, Man on Wire, and a free screening of a movie well-received at SXSW.
minus one thumb chunk
The problems of the world cannot possibly be solved by skeptics or cynics whose horizons are limited by the obvious realities. ~JFK
Awesome. RT : DVR ALERT --> RT : Flavor Flav will appear on an episode of the new ABC show Celebrity Wife Swap
Hi thank you
I hate these stupid phone interviews!
why do the white sox look like the phillies today
check out The Cardio Corner.
So glad Madonna has avoided controversy in her half-time performance.
Equal measures? Good stuff in; good stuff out!
You say that Gainesville's got no soul Well that sounds like a good excuse for coming home
And the Thunder strength is on the perimeter. If they are not on then they are screwed. Durant doesn't play well against us
"Just kill the polar bear and slide in it like a tauntaun." This was said during a conversation with
Boastful engineering students. #ugh -___-
": Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Clare County in MI until 4:15pm EDT. #miwx" — It's headed my way.
I've been sleeping all day. It was glorious.
“: Guess who's wedding is dropping on our blog tomorrow...... and STAY TUNED!!!!” woo woo
#Itsannoying when people stare its like yea keep watching maybe ill do a trick.
Last night I had a dream that I was part of the kardashian family.
gotta love a hot chick rep'n the clippers.
you know, now-ish.
That awkward moment when a faceless, emotionless, white mannequin can pull off an outfit better than you can…
nice!!! Think I'll join!
Director Worthy Martin returning home after wkend of papers & panels in TX & CA (Soc.Hist. Archaeology & MLA). Holidays are over!
I am lucky I am around civil rational people... Life always works out.. Just not always you expected it to..
yes it does. I told my mom to go this past weekend since we were close but we didn't really have time for anything.
it's called "Yes"
#SaySomethin baby dont be so shy!
"#entrepreneurs are #artists" - David Dundas of Same with what noted at our other event!
kick save and aboot
already did. ;)
My butt <<< I have no butt -__-
Hey, how are you? How did everything go?
Hey all you Pittsburgh Yogis! See you tomorrow morning at 10:45 for a great yoga class at Yoga Matrika! www.yogamatrika.com
"What The Teacher Is, Is More Important Than What He Teaches."
Good Morning everyone!
Welcome, Bossman11, Thanks for joining!
Nobody understands how frustrating it is for me to be the only good driver in Los Angeles.
remembering my first fantasy draft in '90.... i think i pick barry sanders 1st round, my buddy picked nick lowery 1st!.
"One of the great things about books is sometimes there are some fantastic pictures." -George W. Bush
how's Donna
Thanks so much!
hopefully some chocolate making.
m raisins
We spent allot of time on this demo album. Rich with harmonies. All real instruments, no drum machines! For Amy - RIP
“: LeBron and D-Wade flat out dominated the 4th. Heat win Game 1. Do YOU smell a sweep?” FUCK NO YOU FUCKING IDIOT
": i don’t think I could ever stab anyone; I can barely get the straw into a capri sun" << that's you!!! :D
Right. I want the Boyz back to but people shouldnt hate Fanny pak because they got the chance to come back&the Boyz didnt
.. yes, and time. And leadership. Someone to make it ok, and keep it ok. Can't be an experiment, if it's to take root
A 3 hour flt/not enough time to process all the ideas you are sending me. Don’t stop!
Best day&#39;s testing&#39; for rookie Vergne
I weighed in and gained 0.5 lbs.
Let the games begin
RT : If we're not part of the solution, we must be part of the problem. Today's challenge,---think outside the box!
if u plan on it - then totally worth it
Welcome aboard. How's the weather on your tour been so far?
can I see the update somewhere other than facebook?
I wish taco bell delivered.
lol you used to be a baby! But those lil suckers are loud!!!
Thank you so much ! Definitely couldn't have done it without your amazing editing!
nothin much man im at the Garden watching #knicks beat the #celtics 62-52...Merry Christmas 2 u man!
Long story...but the main reason is I'm just bored with it & I feel bad that so many people want scotty to follow them
Sorry bout that, but I certainly understand! Thanks for alerting me.
I need a year from fakers
I think just restoration. They do different parts a few times per year.
Haiti reconstruction forum!
You are probably correct sir. It's hard to get away from the ease of the FB linkup...I'm going to give it a go though. Thanks
Party or make money hm....Make money
So much magic happened today on set - Truly blown away
Bust it
That WAS a jaw-dropping conclusion! These 1st 3 episodes were excellent. Kudos to you and Mike Listo.
Too bad the maker wasn't there yet at 10:30... More convincing required.
Interested in running for an e-board position? Applications due today!! Email us if you have any questions.
Good meeting you yesterday at Hellbent, thanks for coming out! Anytime your in town give me or Tattoo Ortiz a call! Take Care
Hell Yea! KU!
Well this is going to be a long day....Chicago it was real.
for the cold I'm getting as well
Now following : traitor
The word "adorkable" makes me want to throw things but we all know why by this point, right?
DID YOU KNOW?! "The most common name for a pet goldfish is 'Jaws'" YOU'RE WELCOME!
Beside JPC Program & Dept. of Election, I haven't had a job since I was kicked out of EMU back in 2004 for the 2nd time.
Yeah I did..I've always used the Deck. Just tweeting too much during these crazy games...thx..lol
i hate that!!!!!it's like i know you got the text!what's wrong with you!!!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to SF's finest !!!
"Start small, dream big. Big dreams come true by taking advantage of small opportunities. Pay closer attention to all the small things."
Im a big kid now ba da ba ba .. ;D
Was at Crono til about 7:15 pm. Did I miss you? I would have tried to convince you to go to France this yr with Cyclesport Travel.
Very good point! We have a similar contest in the works that Twitter users will benefit. You'll hear about it very soon, promise! ;)
Remember when Schultz wrote "McComics"? Ty vs Grimace, who wore a gold "sex" chain?
Listening to Mumford and Son as I do some employment law lawyering. Yes, you can get fired for cursing at a customer!
Beer Battered Fish Fry tonight, just $10! Pair it with our $2 Lite & Schlitz taps until 7pm for the Happiest Hour. TGIF!
At NY Bureau: the public radio suite usually overlooks an airshaft- The NYB commands fabulous views over Bryant Park down to Empire st Blg
Just popped the cork off a beer called "La fin du monde." We'll see who's here when I finish it.
completed her food and exercise diary for 01/20/2012
Remember to adjust your clocks on this Sunday. Spring forward and lose an hour!
The greatest strength is gentleness. ~ Iroquois Indians
Dear agony just let go of me dear agony...love that song (:
“ Just like they say the best hoopers ain't in the NBA, the best rappers ain't famous...”
thank you! :)
hey mister
This tastes just as good on Saturday night as it does on Phriday! www.phoodie.wordpress.com.
Thanks for the Bday wishes!
Look at how great God is! Love life! Don't you..it teaches us so much!
white guy goes to central america, sees a lot of people with gold teeth. "i want one. not too showy, just visible when i smile"
School Librarians: buy the movies that go with the books and circulate? Thought?
Let us know of ideas for future videos! www.FreeSweat.com
Yeah, it's a shame about Morneau. Injuries have ruined him. Liked him a lot, staple of my fantasy team for a couple years.
Got to help out with editing Rocky Robbins new CD tonight with Tom Tucker, Ricky Peterson and Rocky Robbins. Great night with great people.
Just bought my tix for the 4pm showing of the hunger games!!! So damn excited!
hope you are well my friend. Look me up if you are ever in Orlando. We'll do lunch with Dwight LOL
Sid Meier's Pirates! for Wii is possibly the best video game ever! gamespot.com/915017
dear azure, make deployments faster.
nothing I haven't been to school in a few days. Im sick hut whatever Haha :3 still a wicked Bieber fan?
Inkdt.com is currently under construction. We are updating our site and should be back in full force soon!
Going to the tonight. Like hearing my hubs play bass trombone with them. They have a wonderful sound, hall, vibe.
Welcome to a fun new world!
you can have him.
I need a job & more custies!
Woah! RT “: It's happened again! Rare 3rd record high temp in a row's been set. 79-deg at 2PM replaces 78 set 67 yrs ago in 1945!”
Thanks! I needed that tweet! (and I have never said that about a tweet before...)
Last one standing !
Where is the love?
I cry every single day & no one knows. I'm so tired of being sad.
yikes! crazy weather
I made the highschool cheer team! Can I get a woot woot ?(: (: haha
Wish This Store Would Die Down Alittle . Hate The Sound Of Thunder And Lightening .
In honor of American Craft Beer Week, Paste Magazine names 15 craft beer labels that they like. Which is your favorite?
I have zero interest in new music. Perfectly happy with my music library from beginning of time thru 2008.
#done #singlereadytomingle #WINNING #######
RT : S/O TO AND MY NEO #UTSASHOWCASE WAS A HUGE STATEMENT AND SUCCESS!!!<
Thank you for the mention!
One year ago, Starbucks at Heathrow
Thank you, M. How about #FS? That's cook too :)
Why the fuck am I having growing pains I'm 6'4. -.-
98.6% of a monkey's DNA is exactly the same as a human being's.
RT “: The Twitter account for the fire extinguisher Amar'e punched has been created: (via )”
WORD dePRESSing CODEX
taking it easy I see...
Jay-Z and Beyonce rule in both worlds
sorry no flips allowed. U out nav.
Im ready to chill with my bro for those days shit it been forever we have a lot to catch up on and to act up on lol
ONE LOVE
By the way! I LOVE THE SITE!
Stahmann Farms, south of Las Cruces, will no longer sell its pecans direct to the public, and it will no longer make its pecan candy.
Haha. If only, but strangely I don't.
Not entirely unexpected, but bottom line is that I'll need 3 devices now: Home/work computer, iphone, ipad. So much for slimming down tech.
"Scientists' Theory About 'Alien Abductions' Gets New Support" #huffpost Sounds like someone's been probed!
We can't do it without y'all. Keep believing in us as we believe in you.
going to shower feel gross =/
Jay-z
That's a strike yotch!
I am assuming yes. Karaoke is not an early evening activity.
Continued success!!!
I'm up too! Workin on stuff for church smh
Been my problem lately! Say what you need to say. You could always do a part one and part two. Or part one and part seven.
Its not that I hate you, its just..let me put it this way, If u were on fire and I had water, I would drink it.
u have an amazing voice and ily in House of anubis wish i could come to england
ya'll got dope production mane
How are you? Long time, Be blessed and greetings to your family
America wins ! Congrats, Bubba!
Beautiful Morning !!! Isn't it ??!!!
That moment when people steal your edits & dont give you credit, its like wtf ? :o i always credit the owner (:
need to take a shower & Finish packing. i have a 6 am flight to Boston tomorrow!... fml
Ouch heading to the garage. No luck today
Woo hoo! Getting ready for Johnny Depp and DARK SHADOWS! Movie premier!
Yes. He's not native to DC, but we note a blow to the hip hop community by remembering Beastie Boy MCA.
When the #Yankees and #Phillies come calling, and the #Athletics are 20 games behind #Rangers, there will be trades. Trust me
that's tough. Right now it's a toss up between Last Man on Earth and Dr. Phibes.
time for bed- I'm blushing like a school girl
actually conduit is future proof, copper wire is just good enough for now :-)
We are so lucky to be in #Miami. RT if you are loving our "winter" weather...!!
that awk moment when you tweet what i was just gonna tweet...
LOL he has to join the club!
I can think of a lot of words to describe the Washington #Wizards, but let's just leave it at "very, very...very bad". Wow.
Listening To Future - Rider Dis My Shit Fool !
This is so awesome, for such an important cause too!
Up to my neck in medical research...glad I got our website redesign done yesterday!
Already up and at 'em! Let's hope this breakfast scene moves fast. Living my movie dreams, with a little help from my Amanda Cox McCord.
fair enough.
I'm a size 8 on top & 10 on the bottom and I've only ever been smaller when I used to run. I'm just never going to be a 2, I reckon
haha yup. i'm always running to class!
I pray that God walk with you and your friend in her time of need.
congrats! Looking forward to seeing the product develop
At my baby job waiting her to get off 15 more mins hopefully
HAPPY MEMORIAL DAY TO ALL.. BARBEQUE TIME.. CHILLING OUT..
True- but isn't this the problem w/ Facebook in general? When you share with 'friends' can you really control what they do?
that's the thing my dad might not let me
Night Out Wit all my Boys... Dam man Hollwood better watch out! WE GO #Hard!
crapp! I'm not ready...
it must be a huge thing off your mind. I wish it wasnt needed, but at least she will be in good care.
Work Work Work
the Twentieth Century Limited! Lindsay got wine. I tried to convince her otherwise!
Definitely. Check out as a potential venue. (=
Need to think of a name for a radio show.
Someone Is Twatching Me
hello #twittersphere! we love continuous improvement, data & grading. Trust the process!
we love you so much columbus. xoxoxoxo.
its a sham that even the baby #Pens couldnt do well today
yes too soon. # opportunist
:D great job! You learned it really quickly! Keep practicing and producing good covers! And your puppy is so adorable!
We will be seeing Act of Valor tonight, a movie starring real Navy Seals. Look for a review this weekend
Loving life
“: Good Morning! I can smell #3points tonight! will be in full force tonight! Who else is excited?” ---ME!
That point in your day where it feels like two, and you wonder how you got glitter in your hair.
WHAT IS BUTTERED COFFEE?
I play bass guitar so it seemed obvious. Now I talk so much Christian faith and ministry here I wonder if I need a change.
anyone wanna come over and bring me chinese take-out? i'll pay you in hugs! ... anyone? hello? is this thing on???
my mind has seen you more times that my eyes have /:
we'll go to mars soon.
I agreement with that statement
$2bil for the #dodgers? Sure hope they got the parking lots. Because otherwise, that's just overspending
Also thank you Philly and Philly dancers for being so badass.
Officially feel like I work in an office....just did a mail merge from Excel into Publisher :(
Check out the new St. Valentines day Massacre course
food is something I wish I didn't crave all the time
Maybe i dont txt you back bcuz everytime i do your boring.
Consider how hard it is to change yourself and you'll understand what little chance you have in trying to change others.
happy easter
Boo Hiss! Well, I'm sure you still have many Detroit Area followers, thanks for spreading the word!
Who is coming to PKNight tomorrow? Check out 's great photos! He is a presentor. Thanks for being involved.
dude, when are we building shit? learning to program as we speak. im hopeful. lets make it happen.
attending crystal moll art opening in silo point.
My ambition always outweighs my time when it comes to constructing a Halloween costume. It'll be awesome but next year...incredible.
Definitely a sign we're in the "land of pleasant living"
host'n 2nite at the Falcon Inn in Hawthorne. Bigg Weezy do'n his thang. No cover.
"wonders that if Christmas, Father's Day and birthdays did not exist, then aftershave too, would not exist"
hahaha that sounds funny!!
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo Say they hate me,when I know they really love me.
follow back please? Why did ya unfollow? :(
I have a beard. I'm not sure why I haven't been cast in a sitcom as "guy who looks passably like Zack Galfinakis" yet.
Looking good on the steps !
seeing #Middletown(currently int.). Can't WAIT to see the second act. Will Eno is incredible. Gotta get his scripts...
Hush little baby don't you cry
not saying he's right. But there is a different expectation. Anyone who doesn't realize that is blind
Yes these Tesla tix are free.. provided by DCF Concerts and The Diamond Ballroom
Look for opportunities today to share a word of comfort & grace - perhaps through a story of what God has done in your life.
Thanks for the retweet; happy almost May Day!
no pit but really good seats!
This W's gotta be worth another million in marketing deals for Tebow
Very interesting discussion re: language use! with from with
a good point, though in the US you can't escape paying for the device subsidy even if you don't actually use it
The sooner we all acknowledge that a spoon is just a tiny bowl with a handle, the sooner we can all get on with our lives.
Well The Crazy Ones Make Me Bring Out The Heavy Artillery
You rock girl! Love ya!
Good morning! The library will be open at 6:30 am today and close at 9:45 pm.
show her the brass monkey routine! it's a perfect finale for kungfufighting
The first day of school for kids will be Tuesday August 16.
Phoenix! We are inside you! And it's late, time for bed :)
#1 poll, Nook vs Kindle vs IPad. Which would you like to own and why?
aahhh...brand new drum heads! getting ready for tomorrow's rehearsal for "Nine"...
Things are great! How's Canada? Are you a hockey fan yet?
Hello world! :)
cool thanks sexy, was awesome meeting you, let's chat again soon! *HUGZZ*
SO you can tell your "DMV" girls to calm down, no one likes a rude person.
"Hey Brohan Let Chill Roll Over Here." So glad I didn't go to U of A
Wouldn't call that a fault.
We'll be sharing the #outrageousbiz winners on #twitter later today....
If you want to succeed in your life... kill the emotions and let your brain work...
The Plead Riddim compilation came out today on iTunes !!!! Get that!!!
": YIKES!!!! NNNNNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!"why the yikes
yea, 32 points of fantasy footballing!
Doctors appointment today.:/ and D-Day today! What fun(: "not" well I'm in there with all my besties(: 2 extra hours of school gawhh:/
I'll be doing some trail business myself. 50k on Saturday! Have a great run!
Another perspective is always welcome; just don’t get drawn into negativity.
I never expected to see the day when girls would get sunburned in the places they now do. - Will Rogers
My papa work in one Factory in United States
#kids Celebrate the Arrival of the Easter Bunny with the Spring KidsFest at Meadows Mall! at Meadows Mall, Fri, Apr 6 11:00a: The center...
I have to put my hair in a bun for the musical -__- My hairs SO thick
Sometimes I fell likes she will leave me for him cus there so close and the thing he says..
and the other day in SS Tyler/ Ethan said there were probably only 5 or 6 Mahomies. I hate them.
It feels too long since we've held a zine reading. Without Sprout, where shall we read?
Great lines
George Will: New bio goes all the way with LBJ - Marietta Daily Journal
no they're just these annoying little hanging loops where something caught the thread and pulled it out :(
My eyes 20/20 so sunny when skies grey
Came to school to realize there's not one person here -.- that's what I get for coming early
you got that right lmao
I cant sleep and i dont know why :( #tiredasfuck also not ready KRA
2 and a half men is hilarious
I chose a bad TV night to decide to download the beta2 of Natty. I'd much rather be watching Netflix.
Its finna go DOWN in atlanta
Today's Soups: Chicken Rice & Cheezy Broccoli
im gonna go home, & #chill(:
I know but thats just how some ppl is like most ppl dont care though so why should u
Exhausted... Just not physically
#whoeverimarry will be spontaneous!! Can't have a boring ass partner! The fuck i look like?
UH OH! freaky Kle is back! ;)
It's real good.
Good times!
R.I.P. spider in my shower ):
Grateful for many things today: friendships, opportunities, obstacles. Also for #military serving who sacrifice for me every day.
HP Partners...Wanna beat Dell EVERY TIME? Please contact me about my March 24th "P4000/LeftHand Competitive Academy" in Chicago.
are you aware that is showing Ghostbusters on Friday?
Swoon. MT Prepared for my City Cultures summer class by talking space and place w/ a psychologist & a geographer at lunch today.
Well then give in to the
When you want to win a game, you have to teach. When you lose a game, you have to learn. -Tom Landry
I'm always in this twilight. In the shadow of your heart.
“: Pretending to read your birthday card after the money has fallen out...” this is you today.
I will be happy to serve you a one course meal... Popcorn anyone?
I'd better get to work then.
we should text.
Happy Mother's Day, I love you. Thanks for everything.
awesome! Let's do it. Email me or let's talk later today!
why are you so epic? I freaking love google and youtube!
Duke blew it! RT : Ugh. Say it ain't so. Say it ain't so.
“Each day comes bearing its own gifts. Untie the ribbons" - Ruth Ann Schabacker
Well, at least DC United is still playing... ;)
We've been getting a lot of followers lately, lets keep it up! Tell your friends about us!
Garrett, thanks for the follow. Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Cheers!
I need a nap. Noisy neighbor up vacuuming for over an hour last night at 1am. Can you say "Tweaker".
RT : #ThingsThatBotherMe That everyone who testified about #women's health this am was a man.
Just laid down a 79 point word in Words With Friends! Life is good. However, will I have any friends to play with after this game?...
“ “ Fuck you mean you are bisexual ? Bitch you only 11 . #SitYourAssDown””
My Marlins blog has its first zombie fan! S/O to
Gov. Cuomo joined by assembly speaker and senate prez in red room for announcement on developmental disabilities...walks in to applause
Its times like these making me wish i had a gf right now but i guess i still have to talk to the moon tryna get to that special someone
I hope you're right!!!!
You forgot to mention being one of the biggest busts in NFL history
Wow, thanks for posting this! Great site.. I'll write up my first 750 tonight!
That seems like a reasonable conclusion, yes.
So sorry, it was just cleaned before we opened. We have someone on it!
How do you win in Afghan. w/o dealing with Taliban, Gov. Romney? Mitt: By beating them. [awkward silence]
I've partied at mizzou a few times and that doesn't even compare to my nights at semo
Honest (constructive) reviews help authors identify and improve areas that still need work.
Name-checks of the best ones would be much appreciated. We're redesigning our department's own antique site at the moment.
you know what i am weirdly obsessed with?
haha I can't wait to hear how you feel tmrw
Good morning everyone! We hope you all have a safe & relaxing Labor Day weekend. Where did your travels take you?
Congrats on very nice blog; informative, well written.
For da haters ima gone head & do a 360
photos please!
I'm nasty..yeen know???
If we're gonna cheat words for friends why play lol
damn right, broseph
#Lakeshow hitting their stride!!
DARN, we get our flea and tick medication on today. BO!! Hope it is not the cinnamon kind. We couldn't stop licking ourselves for 3 days!
Christmas is one of the most popular holidays in the US. This is the time of the year when people get together +
Role playing will definitely spice up the bedroom actions !!!!!!
high school soccer tryouts tomorrow...
Worrying works! 90% of the things I worry about never happen.
RIP Donna Summer. :(
Don't #Regret the Moments Lost...
We are so excited about tomorrow. You guys will be amazed!!!!!
great meeting you, hit me up anytime you want to chat more
What's a whiteboy gotta do to get a decent seat at chimpanzee nowadays? Sheesh.
Cooked all my meals today (and from scratch). Okay it was only 2 meals, but still. Big step for me.
Don't try to be more than what you are; instead be the best at what you are.
That's how I read it too, Jess! I kinda wish I hadn't read it yet so I could do it over and read it more slowly :)
Well it took me four years but I finally reached my 1000th tweet. Someone should throw me a party or buy me pizza or something.
Calm before the storm
Drinking beer and watching baseball. Ah! Its good to be free
Part shandy, part berry and all delicious!
Good morning! I hope you are having a wonderful day! I am off and I plan to enjoy this beautiful San Diego weather!
Wow, you was eating good.
So my schedule? Won't work. The guy at the software company said he'd never seen anything like it. Word chart FTW.
Can't wait to go to work for 8 hours and do completely nothing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Really, full faith and credit onto a man who can't tell the truth about or remember anything. Mitt Romney. Really?
i'm going too! maybe i'll see ya there.
Byrd finding his groove with Red Sox
Off to make some moneyy
Ah white #iPad2 - matches my #iPhone4 ;)
thank u
Sundays at 8am on Fox 206, 45.2, or Fios 465: are you watching this new show called "School Court"? The auditions episode premiers Sunday!
One minute my mum is telling me I'm not eating enough, and the next she is telling me I should be watching what I eat?!
o yes lockdown D.sanders cornerback
Just got home from the taping and I am wound up and speechless. You are amazing! The show is going to be huge! Can't wait.
party rescheduled for lunch tomorrow?
Look out for Phil. He is flat out lighting it up. It is shaping up to be an awesome day of golf...as it should be on Sunday @ Augusta.
Jesse -- could you send your order #? I'll have someone in customer service take care of your order.
Hate black girls dat say they love justin beiber...Naw bitch u love the lil white boys money
She kills her xD! She results she is a bitch and he is gay x_x!!
What you doing today
Helping others win is a win-win proposition.
#church then lunch at my family's restrraunt.
libraries embrace the importance of physical place. technology denies that importance.
yep, all their data is counting toward #AWSEarthDay. You weren't as far upstream as you thought! ;)
It's about to start rainin n I was about to chill ova my bro crib
Consider them shunned for life
#Forgiveness is the final form of love. ~ Reinhold Niebuhr
its been a long week, i'm happy its friday and I'm excited for the pub crawl tomorrow! bell in hand - 1pm
I feel like a fucking zombie. I'm gonna go throw up now. Kbye:-)
Mad. Shout out to you are the queen of sexy
-- please use consistent capitalization in your menus. Either title case or sentence case.
Road trip!
Enjoy! RT : Just got a copy of the Hustlers Handbook via I look forward to soaking in the wisdom of Bill Veeck
Don<U+FFFD>t let the noise of other<U+FFFD>s opinions drown out your own inner voice
Since isn't going to camp, do you think we can get him to go "Streaking"
What's with the new profile description?
A social network that FINALLY PAYS YOU BACK! This new network is Peoplestring 'Where You Own the Web'. It's 100% free! www.bazsite.com
mr.conrad givving us jellybeans(: lmao
Meat Gazer ": Ze meat."
Wow now i am a total lover of lol <3 him !
You forgot to add Kroger is Greedy!!
because your cool
I tip my hat to all of you at Well done on the death penalty repeal.
Why am I wide awake so freakin early???
Algebraists do it by symbolic manipulation.
Coworker asked if I got my purple shoes from Barney the Dinosaur. Super confidence booster. Not like I'm going to be on stage... Oh wait...
That donut was heaven in my mouth this morning. Thanks bby.
Ok 4sho. What is the book about?
Both people & results are important. Over-emphasizing either one can cause problems. Just remember it is the people who produce the results.
omgg that need to be my motive cause i have issues with goin off on emotions
Jesus will cleanup the floor of our Soul, spray a little salvation refresher, & take Satan outside to do His business Continued next tweet
Got a headache. Thank you mrs collins...
Muhammad Ali's fight-worn trunks from the "Fight of the Century" sold for $173,102
What is your favorite kind of beer?
A1 Since Day One.
did u read the article?? Im freakin out lol
cool, congrats Jonathan!
thankks for hacking my twitter yesterday!! (: ahhaha
Ihate this feeling I get...
If u want ur life 2 b a magnificent story,then begin by realizing that u are the author & everyday u have the opportunity 2 write a new page
Thx to every1 that's DL'ed #ExperienceJoeRogan on Droid! In little over 2 months we've had 600+ installs! Lets keep going! Spread the word!
that's too deep for my feeble rockwood noodle to comprehend
The Museum will close for the season today. Stop by anytime from 11-4 and see 5 incredible exhibitions.
You know your white, when an 86 year old woman tells you your white at church
Keep stuff in Basecamp. Putting sounds temporary.
RT : wish I could b there to watch! Good luck woman, work that runway <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
indeed! A rock opera!
i'm finally home and work drained me of energy i can't deal with avp feels right now i hope stickam is fun sigh
I wanna go <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
early 90's R&B music....cheesey yet classic.
RT Thanks for joining us this evening to talk about how the #SOTU offers a vision to
WHO! is following me! I want to be paid for corporate name dropping when I'm at parties too!
Hey Holly! How you doing today?
#BasketballProblems when u just mess up on the court in your teammates are talking bad about u
That sounds so good
As the saying goes for sports desks at daily papers, every night is election night.
Happy New Year to you as well! Many blessings your way! :)
Chance favours only the prepared mind!
is planning another job fair, but this time it will focus on opportunities in the hospitality industry.
Heat were +11 after Haslem was subbed out for Shane Battier.
We're outside, near the entrance. There's a small red banner above our table!
It's late - we say NNGB AJ. xo &hearts;
What do you do to protect against harassing debt collectors?
haha i know, i went to the gym today, worked out my arns, im gonna be a beast, and BT-dubbs im eating a banana right now <3
Last day at the Review #what?
Inspired to write by: "To me, the greatest pleasure of writing is not what it's about, but the inner music that words make." Truman Capote
god!!! yourself?!
What is weirdest about being home is how not weird it feels...
Ladies, where have you been all my life? TY for following me - will try to be worthy!!
They seem to think they make them for boys. I buy more titles than my husband. But can I find a Black Widow action figure? Nope.
Next up: Ebooks and the Library User Experience. But first, Muzak. . .
Yes! That's one reason I love Iron Maiden so much. If you listen to the lyrics, they touch on so many things.
Alles gut!!! All the best and hope you're inspired! Cheers
Visiting Kitchen Showrooms Helps People Think Of New Ideas ...
you are by far the hero of these match! All that time not having to save goals didn't faze you one bit!!!
Psalm 51:10 Create in me a pure heart, O God, and renew a steadfast spirit within me.
hahah no but he told me about that!
I feel like I should be watching the grammys, but how much trouble could a group of old ladies get into?
about time haha
Omg when 'crater face' chuckles omg.
split screen? really?
Whew, caught error in latest post before anyone else mentioned it. My ego lives to fight another day.
Stanford running well vs 9 men in the box....great!
Three tweets today, with five exclamation points among them. Must have been a good day.
I can't imagine any possible scenario ever where someone would ride a streetcar between #pdx and LO. Would that be an overnight trip?
Join us tonight for $10 Wine Flights in honor of
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! To all my new followers! Shout me out so I can follow back!
I like the idea of a train conductor jumping off, taking a cab to the museums, and hopping back aboard on the other side.
I dnt fuck wit nobody but her
Sometimes I'm scared I'm too late to do what I wanted
that is awesome!
It says that we are not allowing them to be part of the 21st century. Scary.
watched the RFS lose tonight, sparse crowd of 2847
follow my personal twitter & I'll keep yall posted on PAK stuff on both accounts
All the good stuff is on the Canada side, eh!
hey June, hope u doing great! Call me when u get a chance. I'll give u my update on great things happening!
"I believe the road to hell is paved with adverbs..." #StephenKing On Writing.
SPREAD THA WORD ABOUT THIS DALLAS O.G FRESH OUT OF TDC HOME A MONTH AND 5DAYZ....... T.G. ON THIS ROAD TO REDEMTION...
Playback for EPIC will be out before the Scarlet ships. YES!
they said next time ill keep u posted.
Outlaw Thursdays tonight at LaSalle Power Co. $2 Bottles, $2 Burgers and SUBURBAN COWBOYS! Corner of Illinois and LaSalle!
We love your news "I'll have a special guest: joining me on some live music!! :) 8-10 pm!"
Things 1D has made me jealous of: fruit, stuffed birds, floors, stairs, and couches. Thanks boys. Thanks SO much.
Uffizi exhibition programs
Yes, we will have a blast dodging the coyotes!!
New phones suck when data doesn't transfer right.
hahahaha stalkers are noo good ;D hahaaa i don't get twitter.. i only got 200 followers :/ `
Tracking the and their fistacuffs via &
Happy Friday to my 2 fav anchors & ! You guys rock.
fuck yes. friday is going to fucking rule. <3
Nnsync with dick
Let us remind you that OZ Patisserie Mobile Dessert Truck has FREE Wi-Fi for our Customers!!!
Sending calming thoughts. You'll get through it! I have faith.
If your poop has hair do it on the rug #toilet babies
Hard Work beat Talent - plus I got the Talent!
Tomorrow looks like it's going to be a good day
Thanks John!
Hunger Games was really interesting. Yet I didn't read the book and I understood it.
. starts tomorrow! Tweet us if you are going to be there.
I was the first nayffy. You're blind. Its the first thing I noticed when I looked at it.
Yes. He's an interesting one.
busy day, havent had time to tweet, so whats everyone up to?
Gotta man
Enjoy the show!
about time huh? let's have a drink or three when you're back here next!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> haha #true RT : Ladies, hide your keys, hide your purse! A lot of #broke niggas out here lookin for a come up.
eating pancakes with
My first EVER iTunes purchase is CD! Thanks for reassurance of my choice ;)
We celebrate women in business in Indy by offering free events to those who want to share their inspiring stories with others! Get inspired!
Media colleagues - get your #Emmy entries ready. Early deadline is April 4th.
“: <~~~~ PLEASE FOLLOW THIS AMAZING BEAUTIFUL MONSTER WHO LOVES YOU SO VERY MUCH!!”
stay tuned
I'll take a yellow one!
CALL UP THE D-LEAGUE GUYS LIKE CHEYNE AND CWOOD. SOME NBA GUYS WILL ALSO CROSS THE LINE. NOW IS THE TIME OF THE NEW NBA
Exclusive Members Only Ice Skating Event - Monday, February 7, 2011 - www.jacketbackers.org for full details!!!
We just finished up a big trash haul in Memorial and now we're just cleaning up around the shop! Call us if you need some Trash Hauled Fast!
The owner of this bar flirting with me and my boys is ready lol
I could go for some coffee and cookies right now. :)
The doctor told jazz that she was a lucky child... She said "no I'm not... I'm a blessed child"
Henny and ginger ale... Lovely
I can pretend that I'm not lonely, but I'd be constantly fooling myself;
"Citing [Encyclopaedia] Britannica in an academic paper is not what students should be doing, either." -Jimmy Wales on Wikipedia
“: RT : #edchat of course, if MLD's don't engage kids in deep meaningful learning, they are just shiny”
#sljsummit10 Don Leu Showing research which argues different skill sets required for online and offline reading comprehension
is showing me all the hip and cool gay areas
I would never put someone I love in a bad situation.
Great news from several investors for movie & video game!
I love my punching bag. It's a 40# heavy bag. It has come in really handy some days. And great for crossing training too.
yes! absolutely she is! i love her for that ( well that and she's hot) but as far as names go, it helps if it sounds bad ass :)
The iPhone Facebook app sucks so hard.
look yh i dont like you i love you!<33 follow me pls
when and where?
In the office working on the Autumn aLive reallocation. This will be over soon. :)
We have a collection of over 20 presentations for societies and organizations. Give us a call if you need a Talk
Thanks to all our attendees & speakers who responded to our LearnCamp Phx conference evaluation. We luv ur feedback
thanks - it's exciting to be part of such a great group of consultants
Hot and steamy day in Chicago
Saw Sigi Schmid at Starbucks this morn... I Congratulated & thanked him for a great start. See you next season GO Sounders!
Making memories at the wrestling banquet. I love these guys so much
Are the puppies from your report going to be up for adoption? I just saw the pictures on website. Cute puppies!
good job tonight! Block party! #KnightsNation!
Have a nice day!
MEDIA MATTERS' COMMIE-PINKO ROBOTS say Rev.WRIGHT scandal's unfair, but OK to hurt Romney w/50-year old gossip.
Whenever I see small children on leashes, I’m always tempted to run up, scratch their bellies, and ask “How old in human years?”
I got carded for an R rated movie today guys... I'm almost 22.
dying of happiness :D
I think her dog is named after the WrigleyField. Yes?
And heres the snow... Come visit me at molly cools, be there in an hour!
I'd love to see someone mention post-publication review as a potential model in humanities fields.
You Can go hard or you can go HOME.
Have seen enough neg comments about #newtwitter to think I'll avoid it for now - let others beta-test it!
. what feels more neoliberal than a waterslide at UH?
3 random people called me!!Im scared!!:O
Oh, the glory of growth, silent, mighty, persistent, inevitable. To awaken, to open up like a flower to the light of a fuller...
#FF she gives good star jobs ;)
I dont RT : I know you get this a lot darl,but you are one of the nicest person on twitter! Everybody loves you<3
Nice! RT : Just heard Krankshaft is on draft at the ! Thanks guys! Your neighbor & patron, Jess from Metro
It was and pleasure to share The Science of living hair with you all. Keep watching! Seeing is Believing!
Look at this pic of spiky he looks good
#@ wow now that's cold blooded (R.I.P)
Passed medsurg! Now time to pass this peds class!
Today 5:10pm, Pugh 170: “Is Distraction Deadly or Divine? Cultivating Contemplation as a Way of Living Well”, Laurie L. Patton (Duke)
I know I saw it when my phone turned on you know my phones always off :-/ lmao
Jennifer Egan delivering pecha kucha to afternoon crowd at
Favorite dances are and Motown rocked!
Please (pretty please!) start carrying by They are AWESOME flagship in Austin has 'em!
Q1: agreed, but I didn't learn customer service in library school!
Waiting for Alex's 2nd round chess match to complete in Oshkosh at the state tournament. Round one was a WIN!
Don't fight the future ;)
Almost to Philly! Gig at Bob and Barbara's tonight after the MAKE-OUT with VIOLENCE screening. Film's at 9:30 PM | start 11 PM.
If you ask me do i need you I'd say forever. If you ask me will i leave you I'd say never.
Lets ensure all DC residents, regardless of political party affiliation,preserve progress by participating in the 2010 electoral process.
Love to connect with RVA tweeps! Thanks for the follow!
let me know how it works for you - be careful NOT to over-spray on plants you like, I used a cardboard box to surround weed
Probably a little bit of A and a little bit of B
THIS SUNDAY FROM 7PM-12PM! 253 TRINITY AVE LOFT D ATLANTA,GA! JEWELRY MIXER! COME MEGA MIX, NETWORK!!! # BE DER!!!
I'm on my LIL Wayne flow during this jog on this gorgeous MAWning !!!
Analysts - make sure you come say hi at Analyst Corner at the reception in Ariba Commerce Pavillion.
Listening to Melody Gardot, "Who Will Comfort Me"--great JAZZ beat!! Got it free on one of those Starbuck's cards. vSB
Hey it's BK, in 3 words or less, your favorite breakfast taco?
Really it's come to this. Gov't leaning on private businesses? We make choices everyday. Bad polilcy!
RT this if you still go trick or treating
There is only 1 DVD for me that has that One Thing that keeps me Up All Night... well actually five things :)
I know Alex would've... *sigh* Alyssa would have too. Why can't hot guys like us? Hmph.
Making plans to go see SATC 2 in a few weeks with my 3 wonderful sisters. Can't wait to be back in CT with them for a few days.
anything study that says drink more, eat more or have more fun, has my TOTAL support!
It'll Be Alright Again!
Wendy Chun on "banal idea of friendship" that underlies networks, threatens to turn internet into series of gated communities"
"you know, the tall black guy who's never in the white house? he's out runnin around on the tax payers dollar" she's a little bitter
getting ready for the winter ...yikes....it gets cold here in chicago. but it does mean i get to buy new clothes...yea.
worst gimmick twitter ever. Later buddy.
how do you like Daytona so far
okay, so i'm back begging for more seconds to the minutes, minutes to the hour, hours to the day!!! so much to do, so little time!
York England? What about?
News Producer ,Journalist &amp; Media Translator: Egypt&#39;s military ...
Would love to hear some highlights from Merry Wives seminar.
#girlwhyyou with the same guy that keeps leaving you
Manhattan's rental market is thriving...and the most coveted accessory in New York City tech scene is a 212 area code.
gurl rite here straight jammin nd did u see my profile???
yeap. Just rolled in.
Leadership isn't about never falling down. It's about getting back up stronger when you do.
Discover a career with AT&T today! Follow for the latest openings.
ed looks so young though, omg.
The blackout of Wikipedia today is forcing students to find other resources. Maybe they'll finally use the library website!
Yep. That's Eric. I hope he knows that cameras aren't allowed in movie theaters. Lolololol
where in boston are you from? i'm from belmont, small world!
got my letter yesterday.Haven't opened it yet. Waiting for that quiet moment.
The Lobby has cleared out. Round #1 of Roundtables now 10 minutes underway.
Great church service tonight: Together we stand: the power of oneness.
Thanks for the follow back! :)
hey. Just so you know we are doing a ustream tomorrow :-)
Going better all of the time, new corp marketing VP (Jeff Lavers) BIG on SM although change is slower than it could be
Watching "Unknown" starring Liam Neeson..
I support non-profit responsibly managing & implementing weatherization/block grants. #Detroit-based agencies should be considered.
RT Please ........After all those years of telling me to say my prayers and eat my vitamins....you Finally say Please.....
Fantastic, thanks for the good read Mike.
#serious talk
If you had U25 in ATL tonight
It's about to get Trent-tastic on 's Cover to Cover! Happy Birthday,
Truth as stevekingism... RT : Steve King just admitted that the stimulus creates/created jobs on msnbc
I'm not girl interuppted? I would love for you to be my first customer from my web site. We can set up a skype reading :)
u tasted great mixed with cranberry pomegranate over ice.
No Shirt, No Shoes... Service!
After much thought I've decided that I A. Need to find a job B. It must be something I enjoy & C. Allows room for growth
Whats the best thing to do after a workout? Damn skippy..time to get something to eat! Ha! Chck Fila here I come. Bread and water.
HELP! One of our clients needs to buy a used portable baptistry by June 3! Plz eM !
Follow her --> xoxo <U+2665> RT : can you give me a shotout please? (: x.
I have a ppt for you for the mobile parade. Where can we meet? I'm in exhibits at booth 23 all night?
Super awesome!
Friday's announcement will be the locations where the medicine is grown, not sold (That announcement is in June 8)
oh I thought it was some special night or something...where the black people go lol
Just updated my boo ^_^ RT Um have I talked 2 2day? She b slipping on the morning news 101
can I get a hi even thought it's not 11:11? :)
Somebody is up to no good I can feel it!
Getting ready watching House Of 1000 Corpses
#WhenIWasLittle - The best shows on Tv were -- Old Nickelodeon & old Cartoonnetwork.
Gas Giveaway Sound Design, and more, is up now! Check it out on #productionvault!
Thanks homie i appreciate that!! If you wanna cop anything ill throw in free stickers/tee/ and lanyard!!
Is HDR processing a grotesque abomination or just another tool for the photographer? Personally, I consider it the former.
Last week in the us next week =]
Innovate my brand, expand our audience, create new platforms, multiple weddings in 2weeks, enjoyed the blessings!
Hi! I followed you.. Can you follow back and give me shootout..? #Sweet !
Did you talk to him?
Thanks for the follow.
Well it is going to be fun to see you in battle my friend. What. Ass are you gonna roll? I'm gonna roll a huge Jedi Knight
we have mutual friends and i'm currently obsessed with the Van dyke/Wilson era.
heh - and occasionally annoying my constituents!
Wow! Pella Encompass / Architect Series products receive Consumer Digest 'Best Buy' classification. Contact Pella Fella Jeff (505) 362-0529
hey i saw your profile on the list! I place devs in nyc. I have a cold fusion role! I'd love to connect w/ you!
We better be getting a WR some point soon, maybe trade colt? I don't want Little tone dropping all of Weedens passes.
Okayy them some pretty colors
I would like to lodge a complaint. My weekend was far too short. I demand a replacement forthwith.
His times have progressed over the course of the season, so unless he's getting better sticks, he's busting his ass #tinktink !!
Students know that after college the fun has to take a back seat to career objectives
since you ladies aren't coming tonight it will be a disaster
LaGarret Blount can't be stopped!
Summer bird in the travers! I'm gonna have a hard time throwing out any horses out of birdstone from now on. Especially 4 the prices you get
I bet if there is a 2nd season, alot of those agencies will b crying 2b on it haha after seeing how the episodes are edited
"Life is a moderately good play with a badly written third act." Ha! Maiden Monday! Voodoo
Is anyone out there a real estate lawyer? I need a consultation before I file a lawsuit.
Proudly wearing #Steelers gear today just like any other day. Being a #Steelers fan is not a mood it is an identity. #SteelerNation 4ever
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Yeah travis! Youtube him at thatdudemcfly.
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry. ~Dr. SunWolf
Caps game not playing anywhere at BWI. Wtf?
Anything new going on? Leave me a message and check out www.myspace.com/djnlyte812 www.nlytesoldierz.ning.com/ Have a blessed day.
If you use a diamond bit, you can just slowly cut through the bottle, just make sure to use water occasionally to cool things down.
Put Your Life into that which You have recognized as being Your Mission and make it a Reality. ---Leo Tolstoy
does anyone know how old is?
he is cute
Free Buffet, anyone??? Join us for the Pro Bowl and enjoy a FREE buffet for the first half! Don't forget... Trivia starts WEDNESDAY @ 8pm!
Adam Rabinowitz (UT-A): Teaching through "Maps, Mashups and Metadata: Geotemporal Visualization and the Ancient Mediterranean"
when I spill green tea all over my desk, I'm grateful it wasn't coffee
Who's your team tho?
Rise & Grind people—back to the weekday doldrums! But you can get your week off to a great start with Revel’s $5 Happy Hour!
You should appreciate what you had, since you just heard an alternative today!
man i did my thing
About to go on for Scrooge performance! Hooray for my one line!
Great catch & save
yay! Congrats! Hope you're celebrating :)
Tune in now for the Upper St. Clair choir singing Amazing Grace beautifully!
So close, and yet so far.
Feels good outside today.
Aghh fuck they are doing the monster trucks on the beach thing this weekend :(
Ha! I almost wrote exactly that.
Hot! RT : I think me and my fur are getting the hang of this swimming thing ... Stretch to make moves, yo
I need sleep. People are talking to me but I have no idea what they are saying.
Wish I could come! Say hi to my hometown for me.
Goodell just said welcome to the second round of the 2002 nfl draft hahahahahahahaha
RT - oh yes scattered thunderstorms during the Dolphins game tonight in miami, that means its gonna be all running
it's all shades of gray.
All we need is love
Tack is thank you in Sweedish, but how do u say thanks for donating soup to the #EmptyBowl to Sweetish Hill? "You're Sweet!", that's how!
miss you lady! i hope your work day is swell
“: I text you a whole paragraph within 5 minutes and you text me back 40 minutes later saying "K"... Are you asking to be shot?
First time in a department store this month. I am what is wrong with this economy.
This moving process is not going as smooth as i wanted it too!
3333333333333.... but it dont matter everybody all ready know that the heat go win
Good things come to those who wait
wah wah I understand. Such is life
follow me jenn
Great day at the beach. Bout to ruin this tab at the bar tonight #vegasbombs?
Actually, not trying to butt in, but sounds to me more like a drinking solution than a problem. #mytwocents ;)
You're right. We'll fix that, thanks for pointing it out Chuck.
I love how God opens new doors of opportunity even when I'm still trying to knock. "Ask and it shall be given unto you.."
Today I learned "REM sleep occurs approximately every 90 minutes in people, and every 25 minutes in cats."
" How do you spell tanorexic anyway? Tannerexic? Tannorexic? Is this even a real word?" - G..U..R..Stupid. #IWin lol.
Just because we keep up on trends doesn't automatically make us effective teachers. Those that don't are not always ineffective.
Opps, away for a little while and have 1450 new tweets.
Happy national signing day! Go Buffs!
#FF Octagon First Call #celebrity #marketing & acquisition
Just checked the weather. What a glorious day our SoCal office members must be having!
You having your breast out every episode is degrading to women.
A visit from David Wondrich made our night. Super nice guy.
"Test-and-learn" is often better than "plan-and-implement" when it comes to new ventures.
#marchmadness RT: Colorado beats UNLV in round 1, missing the Pac12 memo stating the conference has moved on to baseball season.
My cousins texted me telling donna summer died , im thinking she died a long ass time ago .. Smh . R.I.P to her <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
see you there!
Definition of #RIT's Big Shot: A wondrous event where hundreds of alumni & students shine flashlights 2 light up the night for amazing pics.
All of those Movies are absolutely horrible!!! But I don't know what it is, I am incapable of turning from them!! lol
lol my eyes are literally drooping. I'm drinking cold coffee because i'm too lazy to get up and use the mircrowave hahahh
great. thanks for the nightmares...
Maryland offering $200 gift cards for dead snakehead fish.
I saw that movie! Millennium with Kris Kristopherson!
haha this is true :P
In simplest terms, a leader is one who knows where he wants to go, and gets up, and goes. - John Erksine
Bouts to go get my hurrrrrr & nails done! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0087><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085>
See Race info featured on the Cleveland Indians homepage tomorrow, thanks to Majestic Steel! www.indians.com
We just broke through with teams 20 and 21. Only 29 spots left for the
I'm sure my bank acct appreciates you sharing pics, as it keeps me from buying stuff. If sked permits, want to drop by to say hi
miss talking to you doll! Hope all is well with you!
1. Just to watch him die.
Whoever makes me UN-bored gets a cookie :3
RT If you hate bullying
thanks for the follow...u guys are aces ;)
starting Fifty Shades of Grey
sounds like chick-fil-a talk
Oh man! Our party at is happening TONIGHT! It's gonna be awesome! See you there!
Thank you SO much Casey, we're glad you loved it!
Thanks for visiting!
Nice! May/June features biking #LosAngeles #SantaMonica w/words+photos by 's Rick Risemberg!
Thanks for not texting back yesterday, jerk.
Great day at #railsconf for BB team! Now gearing up for a rockin' party tonight w/ friends at Pivotal and New Relic!! Join us at Bat Bar!
turn on by the smell mo doe ..lovin wat u haters do to me ...i promise to leave yall wit a kiss of death before its all said an done ~ IMEAN
Hahahahaha spot on
apparently will be spending hours writing this report this weekend. Smh.
Dangerous shot by Elijah but he hits it. #kubball up by 4.
Halestorm is going to be HUGE! Not only can Lzzy sing her ass off but she can burn up that guitar!
What a beautiful day.
has the washington monument fallen over yet? Lol.
Depending on your situation, obstacles may be the primary reason why you procrastinate, have difficulties saying no.
Getting ready to lead worship for 3 sessions this afternoon at men's advance. Expectant!
Thanks for coming out today!
I wish those damn Hollywood people would take a hiatus for a couple years so I could catch up with all the unseen entertainment I've got!
Really? I always feel like I haven't gotten my money's worth if someone on the train doesn't yell at me.
yeah, if you ever had a valid response to anything you'd be a dream
damn straight nigga
Happy Tuesday Tweeps! Rudolf II is our beard of the day. And no, he is not a reindeer.
Sending random people messages!!!!<U+E105>
Doin' a happy dance thanks to Francis Lockie and all of our other supporters and contributors! Feeling some serious love, y'all!!!
then stay up .. jump off a couple of walls.... then you'll go to sleep ! : )
haha, Dancing with the Stars, actually :) Donald Driver is safe
Assembly passes SB377, which changes the terminology for those with an intellectual disability in WI statute, on a voice vote
Not sure why this memory just appeared in my head, but i remember in summer , i videochated while he did vocal covers lol
I don't own a hoodie. Guess I'm not as cool as I thought.
Remember. Just because it's a tough job market out there doesn't mean you have any fewer rights to having a safe workplace.
we are snowed in too.... I am a bit worried, going on vaca in the morn and hoping flights aren't cancelled.
Fuck the chiefs, right in their no talent ass.
hacking is sneaking out of your parents house at night to go hang out with your friends
Wow, congrats to you both on joining !
Thanks for the shout-out and the great programs! Happy train-riding in 2012!
I miss him even tho he was just here yesterday..
Not sure. But I'm sure at 8:45 they will be present to enforce the 9pm curfew as they did in our first days of occupying.
Today - Vanicka- don't go out to far! Me- why? Vanicka- COS you will drown, get stung by a jelly fish or shark attack Me- FML:'(
#SCANDAL!!!! New show starring It's a must-see! :-)
Get free ground shipping on all purchases over $50.00 today only at Fairfax Electronics. Call (323) 731-2561 and use promo code 3850
Maybe pessimist geeks use their vast imaginations to create a worse world than there is?
Regardless of their brand perception, #GoDaddy has some of the best #customerservice out there.
Bring back Steve Holt!
LOL. We tried to take a pic of her, but she went by too fast! Adam has one of her as a dot.
Haha well I think that's pretty cool :)
thanks for following me! I look forward to learning more about your ventures.
sure, where are you?
i got my sweater tody!(: but its not the headphone one you said i would get :/
what's in the box!?!
RT : I'm looking for a summer intern to assist with social media and multimedia research. DM me for details // Best. Opening. Ever!
Will be in Montreal next wknd for #MTLvNY, so I do get out a bit.
Im to high right now
Drinking the most insipid cup of green tea of LIFE. I sure hope to high hell this is helping me get skinny some kinda how. Otherwise...
Aw man, another Austinite lost to San Francisco. But congrats and best of luck!
well church was awesome today n im finally going to meet my baby cousin so exited btw huge fan <3
SCORE! Bridge on the River Kwai on TCM - just started. Handsome Alec Guinness stars
": In a close race, getting drunk and vomiting beat out baseball for becoming Americas favorite past time."
What's good I'm down to do a track send me a beat, I'll DM you my e-mail.
S/O to the latest followers!
Dashboard Confession Al Green
#wcphilly Next up in the User track: Getting Support in an Open Source World with Andrew Spittle
ugh even more distance our powers are getting sketchier by the minute!
does my profile picture look like I give any fucks?
- aren't U so ready to go overseas again. I know I am, lol.
leave it at a coffee shop. I'm sure someone will find a use for it.
I'm a blunt person, I like to keep it real.
I know so .
when and where was diggy simmons?? :(
Gilreath punt return | Pulls Badgers within three points | Looks like barn-burner |
Hey Bro, do you ever listen to the Podcast Mr. Moody's Neighborhood on Sticher?
put some ice on them!
haha!! Only in the south?
People gotta recognizeRT : gettin recognized everywhere. Merch guy @ protest the hero goes "fuck yeah hootlife!" shirt :D
the heart of a true Pokemon Master.
Double fatal car accident in minneapolis. I94 @ Lowry Car vs. SUV. Dave Berggren will be live on the scene this morning on KARE11 Sunrise.
hmm is on twitter
Mark your calendars! Sue Fliess and Betsy Snyder's fun, hands-on new book "Tons of Trucks" is coming out July 3!
#Lakers Game! Don't worry Dallas I plan on tripping Kobe at some point tonight! Love the #mavs always!
Aright dont worry even if things end up a bit to heavy we'll all float on <3 <3
Ok, enough is enough....that's more than a momma wants to know about the performance enhancement underwear I gave my son :)
That's our plan. Thanks for the info. I'm a wuss in the cold and I'm going to pretend you didn't mention anything about rain.
Ha! Sorry about that. I saw all the symbols I can't reproduce with my keyboard and assumed. Stupid Americans! Thanks again!
Had the pleasure of providing a week long seminar in Greenville, MS .. Pageant Winners (Pageant 101) workshop!
They say you can't judge a book by it's cover but if that cover has a bare chested man, you pretty much know it's gonna suck
Just saw holding an umbrella for a lady in need in the pouring rain. True #gentleman #realdeal #respect!
Conquered all of Karuva II, now Karuva I, Say your prayers! For the greater good!
Yeah, no wonder the have so many kids..I thought it was for bigger checks! lmao
Also If you need an iPhone or android text me I got everyone with good deals <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Bout to eat mcdonalds!!(:
LMAO OH IM GONNA WATCH . . . . WATCH ME GO ON VACATION :D
Btw - my turn starts in approx 59 minutes - do be sure you're done by then! ;)
It's absolutely pronounced ON-DEEVE. Why isn't this working? RT : #MegaMillions baby. and I got this!
South Padre in the off-season: Some might call it boring. I call it fan-fucking-tastic.
Second half has been brutal on both ends.
A #Vegas Birthday girls trip? What's there to think about? Sounds awesome. We say do it!
$140k loss from state expected right now in FY12 for BPL - 6% cut
Rib Bell! Ringy Dingy! Lunchtime ribs are now available :)
Mind2It Monday Giveaway! RT/Follow for a chance to win $10 #McDonalds gift card.
IM JUST SAYING
Great reference question! Helped a patron find the original publication a poem was published in using Google Books!
this party is fantastic!!!
Definitely the weather!
yes and it interrupted their suicide bombing classes. How will they graduate?
did u sleep together last night
ain't nobody got time for that.
I hope the ARMT chokes on a chicken bone !
Damn Im good! Lol. How did I know? The pierrot make up I guess
Any Garage Sales happening? Just post it here.
Sweet Tweets on the Re-tweet tip... totally social. Sweet tweets comin atchu soon as I get back, givin u a chance to get ur Sweet Tweet on!
Smells like #Ohio outside. Time for #BlueJackets Hockey!
Yes - right over on Johnson St I think?
RT : #MyFavoriteRapperRightNow - J.Cole - ReTweet if you like J.Cole!!
Winning isn't everything, but wanting to win is. Vince Lombardi
I need you to learn every song from the Charlie Brown series and have no problem dressing up as a naked cowgirl on stage.
Doesn't have to be water proof, video would be a nice option, but not required. Is there a diff between WP and splash safe?
I would like to get punk'd some day...
The vanquishing of #Sarkozy is also a direct repudiation of the kind of #Americanization advocated by megalomaniac
Top of the morning to you! HRL St. Patty's Day FB & Twitter Special: $99 room + self parking for 3/12 only! Book now: 501-217-6061!
THERE YOU GO, KENNETH
Gotta love the lady picking at her bunions on the metro.
"You learn...what are your strengths and what are your interests. And for me it’s other stuff that is not being the President."
I demand you smile in one of these photos!
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "Just because I'm here for you all the time doesn't mean you can take me for granted."
Good night, pickles
Believe all Eloi should unquestioningly trust the cloud.
I'll have to think about that one.
Good morning world, bout to work out and remix my resume real quick
MT "The story will be told whether you let media view your operation or not."
sounds like my day :/
's a hard call. Lear, I guess, but Winter's Tale comes close. What about you?
“There is no secret to SUCCESS. What exists is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. “ Colin Powell
Make $$ with your cell phone text the phrase cashtexts 10917 to the number 69302
i really font get why we have mondays & Tuesdays. Monday is just depressing & tuesdays really boring.
Kids are in bed. Time for the adults to party hardy - eat our coffee mousse cake from China Fang then go to bed and read.
whats going wrong? y when i think everythings good it all goes bad??? whats wrong whats going on??? do i deserve it all for real?
Like I said before, "I Love THE GODFATHER....!".
Haven't heard anything on S/N this week. Earliest news would come mon or tues. Hope they're hanging in there!
Oh, crap. Just realized that a Texas TD means the defense has to go back on the field.
bbl love you all!
yajaira I love you! Please tell me! At least the first letter of his name!
i'll be in the studio til the sun cum up...
Palm Beach here I come <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
in his quest for visitation.
I'm not forgetting the last three years. "time for change"
Elated to spend the next hour reminiscing of parties past with We will ALWAYS #partyhard!
Great advice for a gloomy day: Today, give a stranger one of your smiles. It might be the only sunshine he/she sees all day.
Projects Projects Projects
On the Gateway Clipper to the Steeler-Pats game! #HereWeGoSteelers!
Was a fine day! Thank you much!
I found my one true love, hotpockets.<3
welcome to the family!!!! Great to have you :)
whoa, you guys did the Kony 2012 video!?
Thank you so much for attending! :) Absolutely!
does eating slower help prevent it?
So glad to hear!! It is unbelievable!!
Dry Scalp Natural Home Remedies that You Ought to Know
I'm very Thanks 4 Kris Murrell favorited your Tweet and your good for usa p.s.
Quick Gym's Newest location. 4635 Park Vista Blvd Colorado Springs. Hrs 7-5:30. Call for an appointment.
Great day to cycle around and see the aftermath of
Just got home from work and won't be out tonight!
WSUPFL.COM SEE WHAT DREW BARRYMORE IS UP TO NOW, CELEBRITY GOSSIP ON OUR WEB PAGE -- Baldinger
Congrats and shiit!
I think we went to school together 30+ years ago. How ya been?
SHARON NEEDLES
Sorry i'm soo late and lame. But have a Happy Birthday!! ~Cathyxx
Most gangster tree ever.
every letter of the alphabet was used bro... Wild huh
I gotta start tweeting more!! I missed it!
lol i love you twin
It's a lovefest of great mutuality. And Darryl, thanks about the site. It's getting there!
yeah for me right.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I like the positions of the #chiefs picks. I just hope they were the right guys
Whitney Houston is dead.She passed away this afternoon of a overdose of48she will be missed
Heard good things re: I Love , & for bus.HH.
Are you all over there on the observation deck yelling at the LSU center fielder or am I hearing things?
fuck this i dont have time for the games , lame ass. -.-
its amazing there...enjoy! There are a few clubs tonight with special events if that is your scene LMK
great bulls win tonight!! especially my guy: JoaSCREAM Noah!!!
SCORE were gonna be so in shape #lookinggoodinourbathingsuits hahaha
- some would say you don't need a Plan B because it detracts from Plan A.
My wife feels that International Women's Day is patronizing, so I'm just going to ignore it.
True talk. ": Kobe just eye-murdered Blake in front of 20,000 witnesses and a live TV audience."
I just finished The Hunger Games by Collins, Suzanne on Kindle for Android!
I Decided A Long Time Ago Never To Walk In Anyone's Shadow
who? How were they denied to speak?
the 'Net remembers everything
We need not to sling the ball up and down the field to win. Understand the Ravens win games the Ravens way
you are the talented one!!!!
delicious lunch! Happy holidays!!
public toilets are so much cleaner when all anyone has to touch is their own butt.
ok. I have trouble separating politics from entertainment, so chances are he'll peeve me off eventually, but I'll give him a go
&i cant watch shit on there. -.-
Going to see District 9 at 4:50 at the Drafthouse. YAY for getting out of the house. Extra YAY for the $5 milkshake.
Wow rose!
gotta say I like MSU also. Tom Izzo is just an amazing coach. Total respect from this Badger.
follow me please...I hope you come true<3
Wow. Outside listing to "Boyfriend"
Yes! We should cherish our life.
If you do not drive a compact car, do not park in a compact spot. You might think you can fit, you don't. Just. Don't. Do. It. Many thanks.
and then u say i like her the real shit came out of u
There isn't a day that goes by that the music of the isn't a part of my life in some way. Happy 50th Boys! See ya soon xx BL
Zay Zay in his Baseball cap jus #BeatItUp, call up your mane he can #EatItUp up..p
Museum of Contemporary Art San Diego buys Doug Wheeler piece, basks in the glow of "Pacific Standard Time"
Oh my fucking god.
Kinda wish and would be a tiny bit more excited.
Nope, UNLUCKY BITCHEZ.
Every once in a while (when I'm not wearing my glasses) I see Sinbad walking somewhere in a group of people. Like a mirage.
Thanks for coming! RT Great marketing committee meeting with the
Finally started working out with Note to self: Planet Fitness does NOT have towel service.
Hells no!!! That's you!!! Every convo with you is a riot! Meanwhile I've gained a few :( Love you Drea!
Bring the #museum to the streets!
you been ditching out on twitter lately!!!!!
thx! Same to you
i work in the dead of night
Quiet night on Mass Ave. Everyone still recovering from the big #Chelsea win this morning?
congrats! Redzone channel on rocks!
A 4.3 Earthquake in Eastern Texas 11hr ago...can't remember an earthquake in Texas!
If you love somebody, let them go. If they return, they were always yours. If they don't, they never were.
Watching #footloosemovie with best friends!!!<3 is so hot and we love him<3 ;)
and victorious
nothing really. I just woke up. Listening to music :P what's up with you?
FOLKS YUR FUNKY MOMMA FOLLOWS
and how is d and his girl and urs suppose to ride with u
do u want me to delete her??
I hope your packing, cause you know that shit is all stretched out! LMAO
awkward? or happy?
There is a Churchapella remix of Madonna's Like A Prayer in case you were wondering
Finished watching the first 3 seasons of and I must admit #ithinkiminlove w/
The most imaginative people are the most credulous, for them everything is possible
Call to reserve your Holiday Lights Tour rides before Nov. 15th and receive $10 of the regular $40 price. 562-546-2493
What a day to Sonic! Come try one of our new burgers & blast. #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd. check in on foursquare too.
: THE MUPPETS promotion is a perfect example of integrating advertising into content across multiple media platforms
WHAT!? You serious, you're getting married the day before? Shouldn't you be off on honeymoon on 6/3 then? Hahaha CONGRATS!!! :)
My taxi driver is sneezing like in an apocalyptic zombie plague virus horror movie. The end is nigh.
Ah! We do get our cap and gown today! :D Graduation in 2 weeks!
I find them to be to sweet most of the time.
Im up in the sky wbu
Why am I not in new jersey
. You know what would probably generate the world's worst dioramas? That book called NOTHING. *shiver*
Smoke rises what a coincidence .
Imagine if you had to buy a Woodstock ticket a year in advance
You guys should have an app! Constantly streaming your music findings. Keep it coming! Check out my show
Thanks and AHA! Obama is in town! Think he'd like to make a pit stop ?
It was obvious way back in the 2009 NFC Championship the #Saints had a bounty program. Trying to hurt Favre while pred glasses pumped fists
valid point so should go to steak and shake
happy 16th birthday love, hope you are having an amazing day <333
In 5th period just finished my work now it's time to be cool.
What are the reasons to use Disqus over default Wordpress comments?
I wish I could go to the Ripley service tonight.
No! The rain is back. -___-
#LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p : Author #reading “Wild” (Amazon’s Best Books of March '12) #hiking #memoir (free)
Thank you, God, for all your blessings!
How are you preparing for thanksgiving?
RT : don't want your bike to break, don't buy a shitty bike
now do I say that about your movies. Now was thanks night to Say to your auntie
Man I been waiting for #BuildTheBrandPart2=I will wait all nite to c it...:-)
RT Assembly mining bill passes on a 59-36 vote.
haha, never thought of it as "dating" before-- I AM in need of a good date night, come to think of it....
Its summertime in #MKE and you know what that means-festivals! better be on your calendar! 3rd wknd of Aug.
has to be the most underrated Lyricist in the game. This man is just killin everyone!
BOIII!!! when are u heading back to DALLAS!!!!! ???
Just woke up./: No ones home so it's time to turn up that music! Yay! <3 ((:
clap clap clap lol
I'm gonna leave early to get back home. I can't stand being apart from you this long...
Had an awesome meeting!! Now time to shoot!! :)
I'm debating if I should come back after my break or not
SEO NEWS: How to Become a Blogging Superstar
all mine are small
I feel like people who only got like 100 followers hate me right nah.
that's wassup, we was just kickin shit down there!
Game 3 in Philadelphia #Celtics vs
happy 2012 stanley cup playoffs to one and all. let's bring it back to hockeytown. RED WINGS.
I'd puke
WTF...how come everytime I tweet something, I get an instantanous spam tweet back?! , do something about the spambots!
Apartment culture will never make sense to me. And neither will landlords. However, I'm pretty sure I will rent4lyfe
seattle!!! see you tonight!
Gym time!
It's a retweet duh RT >>>> i just said that come up with ur own lines.
Some shit is just unexplainable. seriously.
Parents need to teach their kids to open up and talk to them. Please parents build a relationship with your child so they would come to you
Favorite bartender Zach is cranking Husker Du at County Clare. Bob would approve.
i do that too haha but i just rip out the posters, i dont take em haha
Im a missed target.
killer game - 51 pts 14 boards - sorry u lost - great game kevin!
A little birdy told us our next Morning Manager event is November 15. Watch this space...
Cat fight in 3rd hour !! Woo!
RT Rest in peace to my mama <U+2764> Happy mothers day to my grandmama who gave it all for me, forever grateful xo
Prayers for your mom. Hope everything is okay. Keep me posted. (Send DM if necessary.)
Im pumped to see you guys on that stage again!!
Show your love for others! Retweet!
found some SUPER cute sundresses to send to my babies- Majlinda in Albania and Boikokobetso in South Africa!
yeah I do. But I can't accept any more friends, I've reached the friends limit. Sorry :(
Pounding a Mannys at the Sunset before going all-ages for a while. Shaprece was so good.
only you lol
The mighty Wahoo sticks are out today!
Thanks to all our great audiences during Robin Hood The Game - you have made the run fun and full of positive energy! See you at Snow White
Looks fine on my tweet deck ...
3ds = Too Good
“If we do not plant knowledge when young, it will give us no shade when we are old.”
Happy birthday <U+E34B>
Congratulations to the SWEEPSTAKES winner Susan Bednar! You will be contacted on how to redeem your prize. Thank you to all that entered.
Yuck! The rains have returned and spoiled the first night of drags for 2011. Another opportunity to try again tomorrow, think dry!
You can never love someone else if you don't love yourself
1st thing I do upon opening twitter is to retweet yours, explore you,and lastly hope you'll return a tweet to a filipino folower
imma hit u up gotta meet this dude don't know what time tho
": Love Ya 2 Sis" Answer the question Why Me Though
Greenwich boy beats the odds through power of music
Ugh....30 more minutes till the weekend and I get to see Kenny!!!!!
Today I had some Koala choco biscuits. :-/ Not as good as Kancho or Hello Panda.
Blueberry Cake #recipe: 1 box yellow cake mix + 1 cup plain Greek yogurt + 1 cup water + 1 cup blueberries. 9x13 cake tin, 30min at 350 :-)
*Intriguingp* I like it!!!
never in a million years would I have thought clippers would be playing better than the
How many licks does it take to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop?
Here's what I don't get: If Bo only wanted Uthoff to explain himself to UW, why did he block some schools and not others?
Penguins!! Sat but we will b watching MMA:-p
# Believe I want out! I'm so excited, and I want to hear all your songs :) I love you much 2 please follow?:)
next thing you know it'll be
That was not very much fun -- for the record.
Kinda jealous
we appreciate your support in the Phoenix Community. Join us April 19 as we Host Suns vs. LA Clippers Game Night on April 19
This should be a fun weekend...a lil rain never hurt nobody :)
#SomeoneIWantToMeet the agents that work through
this guy
GETTING ON A JET PLANE...IN MY MIND... ...
Do you beLIEve???
spanish ain't my best subject lol
the world's greatest
RT : So excited!!! The 4th Annual Project Create Art Auction is in just TWO days! Pat Goslee generously donated this......
Cookin' up a big ole pot of turkey #chili to cap off a weekend of good eats.
In that case, you're never seeing it again ....
Holy crap...Lemon juice, Apple cider and Olive Oil is just nasty to drink. I hate home remedies almost as I hate prescription drugs.
I learn more on the bottom of snapple caps than I do in Mr. Jones's class...
I'm excited about tonight....thanks
“: #FF Roger Goodell. He's the commissioner of the National Football League.” Good call!
Determined to keep studying tomorrow. I will be prepared for my exams on Monday and Tuesday.
RT : Screening tonight - Santa Fe's The Screen 7p FREE Hope some of you can make it. New Mexico Film Industry Documentary...
the texts Alexander sends me before he calls me at night >>> <3
WHAT is that
NPR Bestsellers: Paperback Fiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
yeah that's what annoys me about a lot of video games. Wld really like to see a post abt the medieval & vid games though
Who can name (and spell correctly) all of the Team Members at Fisherman's Village? Keep the guesses coming!
i wish for once something good could come out of what I do... (*->BaByDoLL<-*)
Placed a Press Release on Yes! To Cookies on PR.COM and trust that the media will be fascinated by the world's 1st starch free cookies.
Good luck at the ESPY's!
[EXCUSE THE PROMO] #HatersMotivation Mixtape by releases 4/8/12 [THANK YOU FOR NOT UNFOLLOWING, ENJOY THE REST OF YOUR DAY] hahaha!!
The Spaghetti Sauce Speckler
The first annual HubSpot User Group, HUG, has been very well received
haha well we're ready for you to get back! Where are you right now?
Man... I'm struggling with just a day and half of no sleep... I must be losing it already...
We accept responsibility rather than blame others by acknowedging our own needs, desires, expectations, value or thoughts.
YES! OMG, awful.
wow, that is one truthful observation!!
Pat, did they put a GPS in the boomstick for directional kicks??
and then... this right herre....
Ash ash ash ash ash ash.... Now stop and put sum muthr loving lotion on! Lol
Yeah, I get that. But still think "traditional" plays into nostalgia, not telling the truth about ag. Congrats on yr nuptials BTW
Im on a self destuctive path and all cause im trying to be happy, yes, TRYING....
#sla2010 #dsoc we need to use Skype to connect members- Sara Tompson, director candidate
Some guy asked if I play soccer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
and I are raving in my beetle.
Hello Debby! We are a new business offering office coffee & water filtration services. Check us out and follow us
Several people may think that this is not necessary but this is core thing. As soon as one person enters a gym the trainer will ask the...
yea u can....just skipped the rules to temptation
Mourning the loss of a Delta Gamma sister today. I hope the San Jose law enforcement finds the shooter and brings Kristina justice
Heading to NYC this weekend to have dinner at WD 50.
does anyone know of a tool that allows students to create their own 'choose your own adventure' story??
RT : I'm interested! :D hey i cant see your name but i was just talking to you threw IM right?
i don't respect nobody who dont respect me str8-up
My brothers words of wisdom for me today "do not shave in the dark..you will do very bad" ....umm wtf??
Just me, myself, and I. :)
Smith looks good...he'll do that for the 5 games he plays.
California media is KILLING me with their struggles in understanding a) hockey and b) the Los Angeles Kings. SMH.
omg #pancakes are the best
coca cola and coffee grinds ... about to make me a hot shot... that should get me another 2 to 3 hours of consciousness...
She said that I'm a good hugger :)
I'm not, but I want to watch basketball. Not forcing it on anyone.
#godblessyou , take some Goodys and drink a Rip-It! You won't be disappointed
I hope your girlfriend screws you over, let's see who you'll have then you fucking dick.
Finally watching Girl with the Dragon Tattoo....
I going to miss this year 8th Graders so much!!!
still holding hedges in investment grade corp bond etf $LQD
#HelloFriday.Here's to the weekend
My lips are where his kisses go. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
: So true, so true: RT: I hope you remember the dear cutting-edge friend who tuned you on to
i mesh you
Almost time people! RT Boy oh boy Seattle, I'm glad I brought the winter jacket.
Lol girl I was excited!!!
Omg I hate this class, this teacher just loves to embarrass us :(
(1 of 4) First, I used my regular Twitter page (interface) in Firefox to set up my Lists.
boat I meant to say boat.
or ... Anything less is unacceptable!
Better late than never! So, you gotta do what you gotta do!
RT : Hawthorne won't return my texts, would it be too needy if I texted him again?? (via )
No, we're getting an Ex Libris product. Evergreen sounds kind of interesting, though.
Off to the gym to train some clients. I love seeing others get in shape!
Dear six pages, please appear out of no where so I can finish this paper.
I held up somehow saying goodbye. Good luck in high school everyone. <3
Spring is nature's way of saying, "let's party!" Robin Williams
i needa se you boom boom shake shake now drop what byo moma gave ya :D
You know you're sick when your clothes become tissues..
alice in wonderland trailer kinda creeps me out... can't wait to see it!!!
I JUST SIGNED A GOSPEL RAPPER BY THE NAME OF HOLY-D. CHECK HIM OUT HOLY-D.COM
your welcome
God knows best....
#Followers #Teamfollowback thanks let's keep it up guyss!! #ThankYouAll!!! More x_x
Christmas songs for the Schizophrenic -- Do You Hear What I Hear???
we're so happy to have you both in Cleveland, it's great to have something to look forward to.
You are doing a great thing!!! She doesnt have dreams so she needs to try and steal someone else's! Blessings!
Sadly, no.
A fully functioning and otpimized website will absolutely increase reaffic to your business, and increase conversion ratios. (949) 407-6253
Who indeed can harm you if you are committed deeply to doing what is right? – John F. Kennedy
i still can't get the offering document to load. i hope i didn't sell my soul...
Took it easy and only did about 35 minutes, check the numbers: 2 miles and 288.6 cals burned. Good night y'all.
<3 you actually said it.
I also like the Asian Assoc., the IRC and Utah Refugee Coalition, but they are all TERRIBLE at social media interaction. sigh
Will my first review be my last for art papers? Was my review the final nail in art papers coffin? Was it that bad? Only time will tell...
who of my followers plays basketball?
everyone could use a little bit of magic. You would have more in your life through pumas or myself. Your choice.
President Obama, Patti LaBelle, Anderson Cooper all expected at the National Cathedral for a 9/11 ceremony tom
We will be going over to Philly. I was thinking bout taking everybody down to Baltimore, but didnt really feel like it. lol
Pretty close, at around what time can you go? :)
Congrats to 1 of our favorite shows, , and to from for winning at the #glaadawards over the weekend!
yeah ik it's mostly because they used money that we didn't have, stupid school! Well Igtg I'm going to my grams talk to u later
thank u<3 actually I'll just txt u right now...
i got my appendix out on saturday at 2 in the morning! ughh what a long weekend :/// feel like crap
Glad you guys like them :) !!
thanx for tweet contact for the best for real not a shear billy peace.
I found the most interesting pages on fb today.
You don't work you don't eat, you don't grind you won't shine!
Ill make love to you all through the night whenever you want me to (; haha
advises active SM use: "If you don't do anything with #Facebook and #Twitter, you're not going to get anything out of it!"
So Bloomberger, youre saying its gonna be a little windy and wet Sunday and you're advising New Yorkers to go out to dinner on Friday night?
Yep im sure u will cry again I did. Im not happy bout TSC. It was a good show. :/
I texted you
Steven Colbert on the with David Letterman explaining the absurdity of SuperPacs & election laws = #AWESOME! cc:
Wise words. ;)
Joan Tower has "always been interested in how music can go 'up'" - Rising for Fl, 2 Vlns, Vla, & Cello is 1st on the program
Is anyone going to the "Sci-Fi Spectacular" this Saturday at the DSO?
Is it just me, or has anyone else asked about your new profile pic? Looks like an inflamed kidney. Uh, what is it?
WORD BRO. but i mean you gotta love us even if we're annoying. we're as lovable as Nialler(:
Last Monday class ever.
TONIGHT!! RETURN OF MAD THURSDAYS ONLY @ O'Malleys West 2249 N. Lincoln Ave. on the sounds & hosts free beer bar!!
so much fun dude! your guys turn to come up to philly!
You got it. Oddly enough I got a mailer from both Bill Clinton and Mitt Romney yesterday. Huh?
In cross-pollinating HuffPo articles, shouldn't they disclose their relationship to ?
12 days until my first final and arguably my toughest. Time to get familiar with the material... lol
Preparing for great events this weekend! Check out the Go Fast Pass tables at the Airshow and Steel City Pregame event this weekend.
Yay! Inspiration is good!
Can't stop thinking about the 90min massage I will receive in a couple hours.
props to Keke, baddest bitch around <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
How do we take advantage of the great stories? MarieStuder
I prefer the term "child-free".....I got that off the comments section of the article btw lol
Love may be blind but marriage is a real eye-opener! ~ Unknown
no I'm not an emo and frozen potatoes are good sometimes
Whyd I date his ratchet ass?
Red Sox win Monday in new Yankees stadium, next game tonight 7:05 EST.
Back to the future - the newest comprehensive nonsensical solution that doesn't scratch the surface of a multi trillion $ European problem
Welcom to Twitter !
Courage is rightly esteemed the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others. ~ Winston Churchill
Thanks for the Rioja- I'm usually not much of a red girl, but these were lovely
tumor free by 2012
thanks for RT JI!! Hope you are well!!
Hey we hit 100+ Followers! Thanks everyone who is following Je Ne Sais Quoi Films, LLC. We have a huge 4th quarter coming up! Look out!
Whitney Houston R.I.p <U+2665> <U+2665>
Sure thing!
OMG.!! That was gross
I can't wait. They all look so pretty.
Oh damn! SING SING tomorrow nite @ neumo's is gonna look crazy! Winter forrest, blizzards and sexy elves!
Good Morning! God made U the BEST! May His Love, Grace, & Peace overtake & overwhelm U 2day! Be Blessed & Never Stressed
thank you for RTing Ashley!! :)
ok im back had to get back 2 work bottom line move down here i got ur back
When my phone auto corrects Brittany to Brittana
hahaha no i miss you! Happy birthday!
The Big East goes 2-2 tonight. Louisville and Syracuse move on to Elite Eight. At least one SEC and Big Ten team will join them.
I wish I could be like you and have friends that rule my life... but I like being me. And my friends.. support that.
Nathan is precisely the kind of innovative new blood GOP needs. What an indictment of local GOP...
its okay hun, i havent been on either!! how many months are you!!
Robbie Earle offering his perspective on the Timbers draw, right now on 750 The Game.
If I still was in college at UWM, we'd be on the porch drinking beer and grilling out right now.
WOW! Beats Rhymes & Life wins Producers Guild Award for Producer Of The Year Documentary Theatrical Motion Pictures!
It is nice that AZ has 2 QB's to work with.
^Do you give as much to charity as you would like?
Tune in this week to am1360 for Special Holiday programming. Starting on Dec 23rd, we will be airing holiday classic on radio!
They do,everyday.Look in the bottom of the cage.They made it with their own...well you know where this is going;) LOL
woke up to snow and a #newtwitter this morning. can't wait for the first snow fall where I can run and play in wicker park like a little kid
Thanks for the follow. Right back at ya'
your welcome :)
I'll wait for you guys... What time does the 1st game start?
RT And Follow Back If You Love Your Fans!! I Will support You Till The End!! #nsn xoxo
As says..whorebag
im good just coolin :) how was your day ??
I'm glad Earthquake Preparedness Month is almost over. What's up next......Falling Space Debris Preparedness Month?
": Camila defenetly hits the spot." One of my favorites!
I'm good considering the fact that I probably failed my biology test today
oh okaay thanks:) you should watch it, its so good!
Don't make me sad. I haven't forgot about you. :p
Reboletti: One of many difficult votes. Will have a lot of unhappy ppl. But we must be honest with ppl. Recovery starts today. Urge aye.
What are you seeing?
no flashbang you good sir!
probably 6.5-7 hours. Less on Tuesday nights, more on Saturday nights.
I just hatched my profile pic egg. Now you!
Wedding Shows - For Better or For Worse?
When people say they don't give a fuck about what you think. Deep down inside they really do.
So when are you going to feature #forcaclothing ?
Man, it's starting off to be a crazy day...lol.
Wow! I wish I remembered more of last night...
haha I know but some need to grow man! ;( lol
“: My CafePress Shop will be closed now, no time for that. Hope noone minds.” work with us and sell your tshirts on your own site
Weekend time
Didn't wake up till 1pm....
Too lazy to cook. Too busy to leave.
met him 15xs. He is the nicest and funniest person ever. He loves to joke.
Soo over it :)
Do not reside in the past, live in the now and forge your dreams forward - Scottie Somers
This Bitch Is Wearing These High Ass Heels , Can't Even Walk Up The Fucking Stairs . Just Stop .
Good Afternoon Tweeps!
Scanning tweets. I want 's working vacation. Except maybe for the goat heads.
to you and me, no he doesn't look cold. But, to middle America, he's facts and figures. McCain is all sweet anecdotes.
Sorry to read about your tough times on Facebook. Good luck in WV. I'm moving back to DC in August from CA, and...
Its about to be a New Year and it's a New Chapter!! Let's love one another!!
"having loved his own, he loved them to the end"--including those of us who deny & betray & scatter.
If I had nickel for everyime you made me angry, I'd put them in a bag and beat you with them
its funny how i think they might actual want to be my friend
sylvia i wish you would do a book about famous conspiracy theories
i come from the land of the ice and snow where the sun doth shine and the moon doth glow and the grass doth groo-how
Extended battery for MiFi = best purchase ever. LTE goodness means my demos won't flake. Maybe
you're right about that
Watching my first Bulls game in over 10 years. Faithful Chicagoan I am. Let's go Bulls! w/
I am silly, but truthful.
The chair ate Megans ipod xD
Nice way to start. Seven mile run at race pace, cathartic after a bizarre week. What's your workout today?
Secondary focus: involuntary fidgeting with object or other subtle involuntary action enables focus on another task.
I'm in Poland now...sweatier and greasier than ever. It may take a few days to get the show back up.
great day in apc. Getting it done on squat with and Now i just need to get it done on bench
So, a publication shouldn't be called out by its customers for lack of journalistic standards? I think structurally her +
Thanks for the love in picking our book as one of the season's BEST! Now drop and give me 20 push-ups!
What does a cat go to sleep on ?A caterpillow !
The faces of the Chelsea players... Crying with happiness.
They have a rookie they will use to replace Suggs. RT : What does the injury mean for the #Ravens?
I'll have you know better than yours!
lets get it in lil shorty!! School tour going to be on fire!! This week rollin through the ATL!!!
I need a new snare because my favorite go to old gretsch either got stole or not loaded up.
Hm .... hasn't tweeted since officially becoming a member of the New England Patriots ....
Phase I of UW's medical research campus in South Lake Union kicked off yesterday. #SLU can't be stopped!
Sometimes I wish I was just a mermaid
its okay! There's always nextime! :)
all it takes is that 1 beer 2 many when you accept sucker bets "*hiccup*..hell yeah the Giants will shutout the Pats...fifty bucks?"
yeah first time I used it I was confused for a week, and yeah facebook is much better. I used facebook more than twitter.
thanks for the mention. has been and is a great brand! Glad you keep coming back!
Waitin on my bby too come home I miss her alot
Do it...race fans will know
This duded just got iced and is super salty about it haha
orange either “: Im tryna fig it out lol RT No word in the English language rhymes with "MONTH".”
What did you think of the end of the Baroque Cycle?
Thanks for the follow Sam!
thx Sandra...hope you are good..Go Commodores n GEAUX Tigers !
No problem is insurmountable. With a little courage, teamwork and determination a person can overcome anything. -B. Dodge
Look for BLVDS "Local Flavors" issue, out this week.
Lost in the muck of the Gulf Oil Spill 1 yr. ago are that real lives were lost out there...please remember them in your prayers today.
Sorry you aren't able to be here. Luckily we have an active Twitter crowd here to keep you posted!
In a mood
MITT ROMNEY is the one to avoid. If MITT ROMNEY is all they have for a PRESIDENTIAL candidate no need to look for a VICE- PRESIDENT. NLD Mom
someone tweet me(;
Yeah a picture paints a thousand words it's true, but that's still not enough for the way I feel about you.
Well, it looks like The Rapture happened.
i have some questions for you about your employer!
Really great job on the Ozzie piece. Wish you were still on the Sox beat.
okkay and for the mailing thing sure!
i want to come to the next gilda's stand up
Check us out on Facebook! Search for Slyder Football and "Like" It.
Maybe still waiting and hoping!
Crap, twitter account was hijacked. but i'm back.
At #DUXcamp in the #mobilefirst session. Already making me think in new ways about how content is delivered to users.
oh but it does
So happy I could cry.
cute wasn't what I was hopping for. Where you been lately?
RT : User personas help set goals for site navigation, what info has hierarchy 'above the fold' -
the craziest game 6 since 1986, i think
Startup Wizard, you are the lamest wizard ever
Thanks Sherree! just signed up, with limited profile because of name. Hopefully they institute business profiles soon! THANX!
hooray :D<U+2665> lol
When I broke up with you I didn't just lose a girlfriend I lost a bestfriend
Spent my night surrounded by some of my favorite people.
I miss him something terrible.
Does anyone listen to streaming radio online? Not streaming music, streaming radio.
i applaud all the swedish girls that flashed 1D. my heroes
If you are headed to Dallas anytime soon follow
good evening : )
We are looking for Interns! If you are interested email We hope to hear from you soon!
Thanks. I'll let you know when the next one's live. Always looking for intelligent baseball thinkers to be guest bloggers.
video shoot today....
Trying to find an organic chinese food place that also delivers toilet paper.
Why do balanced budget & debt limit talks never consider military spending or unfunded tax cuts? Or, at the state level, Corrections????
I miss our algebra class
Enjoying life on the Cote d'Azur for the next five days
Welcome to Big D Bethenny! We are so excited you're here! Dallas loves us some Bethenny
Thanks for the shout out on the book! Glad to hear that you're enjoying it.
You want me to go look at a young handsome stud? I can do that. But who are these elders yo speak of?
Why is it that on Grand Theft Auto you have to do missions ? i never do them ..(:
You cannot expect to achieve new goals or move beyond your present circumstances unless you change. -Les Brown
All these "poor" and homeless women on this show. How the fuck can they afford acrylic nails?!
Thanks. If they feel like heading into midtown, we'll be there this afternoon..Not going to be a great day I'm afraid...Poor dog
thanks Janz!! Its been a good journey! I hope to do more for other cities!
'Extraordinary change is possible. The fuel for the engine is indeed creativity.' Via
That last pitch by McGee was super smart: knew Ackley couldn't get any power or direction on belt-high away. Result = grounder
RIP Junior Seau
Expanded my burger horizons at The bison burger w/ goat cheese and blueberry BBQ & fries w/ truffle cream rocked my world.
Lodging & registration all set for #iug2011 . See u there?
So here is my recommended double feature: Tampopo and Big Night.
You are so smart. I knew I couldn't slide that past you.
Over 50 of you have joined us in this week alone! The increase BatteryPower is seeing is just incredible, thank you all!
Dear Cohen, Tonight you looked into my eyes for the first time. And then you peed. Glad we had that moment.
wow i like this alot,that speaks volumes
Was wondering how subscribed titles wd be indicated in JUSP...manually? Sigh. #erl12 maybe easier since these are nation-wide deals?
what's good
Hi February hope u'll be somewhat good
Follow me
The Mulligan Project is my new favorite chill music! even has subliminal messages for self help!
Get to Know Fennel, Plus a Recipe for Salmon With Tomato-Fennel Salsa
Andrea Young says in most cases they have purchased their footage outright to avoid any broadcasting conflicts
one of you has to be!
I'm all atwitter
sits at bar for hours... Doesn't get a drink
I Like You .
Chillin waiting to find out when I work again & if I'm on someone's list for Tech show on Friday
not directly, but my friend Kim (went to BG) knows their VPSA pretty well. I'll send you her contact if you want it.
ha. What does that even mean??
hold onto the nights. hold onto the memories
Heading to film audition today.....
Woo-hoo!!! This is amazingly good news. Let's celebrate. you've worked hard for this. Onward to many teaching opportunities!
Seriously what the fuck just happened on the Grammys?!
I should be in bed right now...but I just finished dinner. I need a little time between the two...
is awesome.
Sorry about that man! Should be fine now, although that doesn't help the experience you had earlier.
Thxs B.O.Z... Hope all is well with u brotha...
will you be in Italy in August?
:) : Good Morning, Happy Tuesday! helping us wake up this AM, and talking abt roller coaster wx
im not a huge fan of the weird white memorial day yankee hats
We all fall short of glory, lost in ourselves.
so cute!
I don't care if it's spring break, eighty degrees in Chicago in March is wrong.
Good for you! I know you'll fit in with everyone right away! ;-)
Good Bye Weekend....
You got that smile that only heaven can make ;)
just remembered...jeremy blake/beck!
don't waste your time on me, you're already the voice inside my head.
It feels very odd to have a weekend with almost nothing planned. Luckily I'm going "yarning" with the Emilys on Sunday!
Way to help him sell the product.
I got a perfect score on the speaking part of my Italian final!!! ^_^ I FEEL SMART :D
God knows whats, I have always felt at home" Joe Gould (as reported by Mitchell)
another great show ladies
": I hate being single" Wys foo(:
Reference work as we currently understand it is probably best thought of as a series of niche operations.
SquE-Z America!
just woke up early for tonight! :)
Crazy 'life off the grid b/c big brother' dream last night...ripped off 'the traveler' trilogy, srry
Thanks! RT : At #Kork in Downtown Miami...what a cool little wine bar. Great cheese & meat platters.
The pain in my gum is not letting me sleep *sigh*
This is a great day, deep bows of gratitude!
you silly girl!!
#21cxmas2k11 look out for sparkle sensation Jessica!
absolutely. I have found one for you at the Gks match making business. Is he not good enough??
“: not all uk fans r jerks wish him the best” AMEN!!!!
Baltimore and Greene with us :)
Need a quiet place to watch the game? Stop in and raid the cellar! Packers at 7:20!
3 niggas on my team ready to do it.. Everybody team ain't strong enough to force a movement
Thanks Justin for outfitting me with all my gear today. I LOVE my new skates!! You're awesome. Go Flyers! Nah. #GoKings ;)
Did u get the 42" tv?
Is it normal to see a blimp over camelback mountain?
perfect night...
Mailing letters to my Grandbabies, with your Daddy's handsome image on the postage stamps! Blessings, Suzanne :)
Off campus orientation: victim blaming 101
lol are u still looking?
is never to late to smike weed man
saw that. Small sample size but maybe a sign of GOTV operation
Earthquake! Anyone feel it?
i love her! i hope ill be as good of a mom as her!:] aw man i wanna buy all the attachmenttss! lol im so excited
yea he's pretty average haha
awww thanks Shelb!!!! Love you too girl!!!
All New Ladies Night @ Ts Place 2713 E Lake Street ~ 21+ Ladies FREE COVER~DRINKS~PARKING TILL 11PM
Enjoy this 6 month anniversary dinner! RT : Dinner is served at #UnionSq!
wasted WENdsday? I feel blah not getting shitty with you while watching the game
For fun and entertainment
Some AAC apps let you use recorded voice (which takes care of accents and foreign languages)
Pee Wee's Big Adventure?
Or Sketchers' Bobs instead of Toms!
IM PUTTIN ONE TOGETHER CALLED #SPACESHIPSBITCHES<f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
where can I see some pics of you? Can I get a follow back?
Good morning. How are you?
almost finished last night. Better than most 2nd books so far
Injustice could be removed, but human clashes and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Kesler is the type of guy that even his best friends just "kinda" like him.
If the world should blow itself up, the last audible voice would be that of an expert saying it can't be done. Peter Ustinov (1921 - 2004)
Lol just found out my doc is a Colton/Phillip fan so we just spent my entire appointment talkin idol. Small world!
I thought it was great loved the bus stop w the video playing
If you have any content that is shareable, you want to encourage people to share it and link back to you. RT
Here we go again
houw many pairs of black skinny jeans do you own?
High praise in Romney's mind? MT : Romney in PA says 92.3% of jobs lost under Obama were women. A misleading statistic.
aw man...,please reconsider....this helps me so much get thru my day
I may be beautiful on the outside but on the inside, I'm a terrible person. :/
yea i did!!
Thanks Phil for the insights on my previously unexplained heaviness (post tedx blues, I guess).
Dont talk to me if you're sting hung up on your ex
you're sexy af b
Thanks for attending today!
Great dinner at Scotty's tonight! Great way to end the week.
AP is reporting the San Francisco 49ers have agreed on a 1-year deal with special teams standout Rock Cartwright (Conroe HS).
I've decided that this year I'm not going to be negative on twitter. Oh, damn. Does that count?
Although i'm happy its friday, it'd be so much better if I was still asleep, at home, and in bed!
ahh all the peeps i know heart you
Anything for the team at TheGameFanatics!
Oh man! Glad I cancelled my flight. Well, that's not to say and won't do the same to me.
Brendan O'Rourke verdict about to be read in Vista.
Sanctuary CapitalPLC - Publication of Offering Circular
gonna put in the Van Tonight? extra #heady gonna kill tonight with the bros,
If u don't like what u see—change the channel/turn the page/ or leave. If it's ME u have a problem w/ Talk 2 God—He handles ALL my problems.
I love the movie Dude, Where's My Car
I will! YOU TOO. We're gonna be $$$ rich $$$. I was literally only one of TWO people in my AP Euro class taking it. Wimps.
BEST SHOW
Funny RT Just want to be the first person to say the Oscars sucked this year. Way too long!
I noticed that too!
Please remember to get out to vote tommorrow
#ThatEx that doesnt stay an ex for long.....
#ThoughsWhileRunning you do not look like a model..you look like an awkward whale.
Is this series over? #Clippers down 27 and win? 26-1 run? Insanity. Instant classic
Oh man, I have to work next Friday so I can't watch the Grimm season finale.
ok. wheeeeewwww. agreed, john noble deserves All of the Awards.
Chris Perez in a non-save situation. Shocker that he gives up runs...
rest and get well!
I think everyones back on twitter facebooks changing!
It's like they forget about him. They'll learn RT : PF no man's land on D....15ft...that's all I can think of!
haha, there is that one long shot with it in the foreground. It was all up in my face.
Been busy recently. But reread "Dinner with Friends" yesterday. Beth was such a bitch! Gabe is definitely my favorite character.
did scott win by 12? I believe they did.
"I want to learn just in time ... Not just in case!" #ASTD2012 -- words from a millennial RT
Going to try &write the great chorus to win 's contest wish me luck!
supposed to meet Wednesday just trying to coordinate waiting to hear back if it's still a Go. Are U gonna be there too?
No prob - that's really, really great news!
When your "BESTFRIEND" starts acting shady as hell<<<
#Brio at Easton in Cols., OH did it again! I always say I will ever return. this time I mean it! #poorcustomerservice and no real resolution
ya john cena great win the champ is always here your the man cena no one can see u!
first bitches !!!
Thanks dear! Hope you have a splendid week as well! And yes our get 2gether is going to be a big deal!
I wanna have a night how had last night lol
Omg I'm dying again, srsly thinking about crying myself to sleep. Gonna take an ice cold shower and pass out hopefully :(
Darius miller is like two feet from me and I'm pretty sure I'm in love.
I read it and thought yield to reason
At work bout to smash this beef Pattie all my managers tlkn bout wats that it smell good....they missin out on good food
Saints JR RT The Bensons appear hell-bent on making Hornets little brother.
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 46
roses are tits violets are tits i like tits
I agree, Sam Baker. But for me this is only about $. This second half goes right at your guys' soul.
Going to a party and taking my laptop cuz antisocial that's why
personally I think it's unprofessional to go with a friend so have her wait outside or something
Gabby's goodbye ad on #Maddow last night - wept through it. It was unbearable. Be well.
So want to tweet about something that just happened to me but words srsly fail me. I feel so naive whenever i encounter racism. I forget :-/
So this has 25 views now. I can add 2,500 to it. plus 500 likes. I can start today. Normally its $99 for each video....
My mother and your mother were haning our clothes... Relive your childhood journey through Kizmic's Journey. Coming Spring 2013.
That would make such a lovely fall dessert! Perfect for Thanksgiving and Holiday season coming up!
I love to start trouble by you have to say I am the funniest guy you 2 know
Ryan Murphy has a reputation of giving mixed signals about just who will be returning to his series .
At #kwfr having flashbacks from Vegas of your gen X gen Y training. So many designations and ribbons on the gen Xers. Y is tech
The biggest reason for diseases that plague us in the U.S. is what we put in our body. #1 reason is Rx and non Rx drugs.
Yeah. I'm hoping they learned their lesson on that one.
Nice job grossman ugh.
Get everything you need from PODS to make storage convenient and less stressful.
Why do the democrats keep emailing me? I'm not a democrat! I actually have balls!
Oh, and I am pregnant
Bout to get 2 canoes at lake Calhoun come float wit a boss you down.
WTF Dish Network!?! Why won't you let me access my CSN+ channel!?! I want to watch the Bulls game!!
Even if you weren't there we want you to feel a part of it. What city are you in?
Aint wine dont sip it make it bubble when you hit it make it burn baby burn
you know it.
Teachers deserve our respect and support & the more education & experience they have, the more they should be paid.
Ty! Common sense would tell naysayers this, but alas, they resist.. :) In case you thought
What a day at work. Lets get this two hour nap on so we can go to the next job
However, Ambar's chicken tikka masala will rock your world. So many choices with these rivaling restaurant neighbors!
sending love and prayers to Norway... so sad
Gloomy Sunday. Perfect time to make sure you pick up tickets for the ROCKFEST on May 24 that is Vintage Blue @ Schubas Tavern
I'm a little drunk on you & high on summer time :))
thanks for the add
YES. can't wait to hear about it!
Just saw the Muppet movie. Made me very happy to se your cameo.
lol me neither x
Dougy Center in SE Portland damaged beyond repair in fire Sunday night. Under investigation. A center leader says she's devastated.
your phone is dead or something :( ugh
A Pyrrhic victory.
Dr Thornton: 8 cents of every dollar goes to Central Services. Many CS workers are in a wage freeze.
A lot of people seem to be "making" you take tequila shots... ;-)
Day 16 of #30daysofbiking. I was the only one on two wheels in the drive thru at the bank. One less trip by car!
10 years later & I finally get it... "U should know by now that it's gonna take a lot of trust from U, for us to make it through."
Also, down a pint of blood and feeling far better than usual. I seem to have finally figured out how properly donate!
Wednesday question: Which author's next book are you most anticipating?
WE DO PUNCH BITCHES
Great connections, a fun time, a neat product and free food...we lost #eduhackday in style!
He told me i can have anything i want starting with his last name
made me feel a whole lot better last night.
6 to 4... What is this a baseball game?
There are some great some great caricatures on the 4th floor of Sardis: Liza, Lucille, Whoopi, Shirley Jones, Sammy Davis, oh my!!
Today, I am working on submitting to life and all it crests and troughs.
#Broncos next pick is number 57 overall.
Part of the American condition. Consumption of public sphere. RT : Should there b places free of marketing/advertising?
Thanking the gods of Taft Hartley this evening.
What happens when Facebook goes down? Life goes on as it always has
Thanks! I'll be sure to bring my notes w/ next time I stop by. Maybe this week, I'd like to go through more Henderson photos.
shopping for prom dresses right meow
You'd have to read 10,411 words per day to read the entire U.S. tax code in one year. Maybe if it wasn't tax code we'd read it
Northland loses- you have to respect every opponent and play like its your last game cause u never know - its why they call it March Madness
Awesome old man show alert! Swervedriver bringing the heat 1991-style at Slim's. So great.
haha I dont really know why but i am really sweating me some Real Housewives of NJ. Its total drama and way funny!
too big to fail? Board has duty to respond to changes and broaden shareholders & contributors.
we beat Galaxy so hard when they came to Portland! But they're my second fave... Timbers is first of course :)
The Popularity Paradox hurts leaders who who try so hard to be liked (thinking this will improve morale), that they end up pleasing no one.
I'd like to place a delivery order to the widening access room please.
That's true. Though the OS typography and branding has been fairly inscrutable for over 10 years running.
Only a Dance Mom says "bickering"... #nancyboy ;)
SO FULL. I had too much to eat todayy....
I HATE FINALS!!!!!
good game!
Choreographing a lyrical number to "Jesus Take The Wheel" :)
It keeps telling me that I can't send a message under marieLVu
here in az they do.
Do you have a rental property & need more exposure or rentals? Contact me, we can fill your property!
i don't know why but i found that tweet really funny. probably because it's 530am and i haven't slept yet..
#writingsprint @ the botoom of the hr. Who wants to pace me?
I'm a pretty good date I think.
i MUST be WINNING because its alot of HATE in the air...lmao...
RT where do game shows get the money they give away???
Nice, we have similar tastes! Down with the Caps!
mirrors, signal, headshots, move.
Great post! Has some interesting ideas for even personal usage of Timeline.
I miss mi amor !
: I'm at 10:45 today and presenting on the TV show Dollhouse and it's "failed feminisms."
lets go see the movie
RT : It's amazing what u can accomplish if u don't worry abt who gets credit. If u help ur peers succeed, u will also succeed
Oprah Winfrey Network real people casting for interstitial If you fit these specs, let us know! • M/f that has served in the Armed F…
Editing process can't move fast enough. So excited to show you all our new #webseries The Mondays starring
Im signing a lease for a beautiful new store today! Selling magical things and reading tarot.
"Casualties on Both Sides as Israelis & Gazans trade fire". Would NYT have reported "Deaths on both sides as Jews & Nazis clash in Warsaw"?
Ready to get this last week of the term over with i better have all A's
I wish Google Maps had an "Avoid Ghetto" routing option.
@ music video shoot again n another yummy vegetarian craft table
would love it live the ride u would give
Thanks to #rbtl for bringing the team out to Scotland Yard Pub tonight. Appreciate the support.
Ahh!! I forgot about MASH!!!
The world is a dangerous place, not because of those who do evil, but because of those who look on and do nothing.
Thanks for the love family I miss you and will hopefully be sending for you to come out to Cali with me soon =)
Ryan Tannehill could've been picked 252 and would still win the NFL Draft with that girlfriend.
Sarah Stillman reported on wage theft, uncompensated injury, sex abuse, and quasi-indentured servitude.
For some reason, this year, I am not very excited for the holidays.
I lick the gun when I'm done cuz revenge is just that sweet :)
RT : Entrepreneurship Luncheon in New Orleans. supports entrepreneurs focusing in New Orleans.
I don't care what you think about me. I don't think about you at all.
hope you're feeling better soon.
Night 2 of #AnchorAuditions on News at 10. This should be a good one.
With my main nigga nigga ice cream....dayum that squeaky door :p lmao
Here's to two weeks of wearing glasses
#SuckMyNut YOU SAID NICK
It's bee an unexpected favorite this season.
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I felt so cool tweeting to all of the celebrities I followed. Now I know none of them tweet back.
. Thanks! We think so. Now you have an even better excuse to come visit!
Good workout with
“: LeBron headband came off lmfao” <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> are you serious?!
any chance you were speeding?
Is it better to be really good at one thing or well rounded and average at many things? I usually go for the well rounded person/athlete!
thanks ;D
Waiting for OSX Lion to download. Are we there yet?
#ScaryMovieRulesToLiveBy Don't, under any circumstances, wander through a creepy graveyard in the countryside or even drive by one
Will he make a phone call and find out Angel’s missing and pull a gun on me?
YOU SMELL LIKE DOG CRAP.
“Happy Holidays! Book your New Years Eve Package right now for $89 and receive free bottle of champagne and breakfast! Only for tweeters
haha you too!
Tradition has never stopped you before. Is this in a show?
#reasons2dothebirdmanhandrub When U Speeding ON Da Highway But The Cops Radar Gun Didn't Catch U
all morning to get me by!!! and crew always crushing it...
dude, they're gonna send the capitol police after me now. next time think
what episode?, lol
ADM Mullen: we are going in the wrong direction with regards to education in our country.
Maybe you should just say something, you haven't rehearsed, but that leaves nothing.
RT “: If you can't love me even when you don't like me then don't love me at all #ImJustSaying”
Welcomes 'Socially Speaking' back to Clarion Hotel!
lent me an iPad this week. Too distracted by the shiny games & books to do anything productive yet. Tomorrow's another day...
only Wifi: Hey 90% of the time you will be in Wifi range.
heard u was playing near silver spring md tonight. Sorry I missed the show. I suck. :(
Sarah Weeks at our school today. Great presentation! Funny and kept over 100 kids interested!
no text.. i will text you so you can reply from there
the fact that you referred to the ball park as the jake makes you 100x's more awesome...so you know.
what's up with the Hebrew on the line-up card???
Never thought I'd get a white iDevice, but I have to say I'm digging it...
Dontcha think how we met her probably always affected the power dynamic in our friendship with her? (know what I mean?)
Thx for the retweet! Glad to follow you.
please do! ;)
Telling me, "damn gotta love them white bitches", isn't going to get you very far with me.
hahahahaha more like a boy toy!
Grilled Chicken and Cheddar because it's got the healthy nutrients of poultry and tastes great. Add hot peppers and Cholula.
Thanks for follow and retweet of golf outing info!
#DragRace hmm, I'm thinking i should audition for pit crew.
I'm wishin' you luck Joshstevo. How far you plan on running?
A great #TIBessay. Sometimes forgiveness comes in an ah-ha moment. RT thisibelieve.org/essay/9151/ Words to live by!!!
you rock brother. looking forward to some sexy at
RT : Shop to benefit , 5pm - 7pm tonight. 10% off everything except booze. 5% of all sales go to Insp Corp
Just FYI , you do NOT look good in a dress and red is definitely not your color...
Tiger mom?
Yup that happened yesterday. :)
I don't have anything to say
Then give me some $$$$ oh, and you own me a Taco!!!
yea yea yea...like many ppl say, im like benjamin button.lol
ya first time i saw him was 7 years ago on the way to t/bathroom @ coachella. i stood there enthralled & almost had an accident.
Oh wow, Veras gives up another run. Big fucking surprise.
Who's coming to the for the game tonight? GO BLAZERS!!!!
accepting the reality of the PhD by recycling grad school materials--priceless!
Thanks for wi-fi ideas. Holler if you have more
getting ready for work another day another dollar =]
I hope by "can't be good" you really mean "super freaking awesome." Because that's what it looks like to me!
I feel like "ad hominem" needs to be worked in as well. I want "ad hominous" to be the adjective form, but I don't think it is.
Feel like crap but I'm off to school /:
thank you for the poetic images of your commute.
Obama/Romney/or any other tuff guy suit wouldn't/couldn't/didn't kill anyone. The SEALS killed Bin Laden, while politicos held their wankers
TONS of cops out on Stone Way, pulling people over. Drive safely!
Simple is better than extravagant
So heated
Idk y but when I use a giftcard (that I bought - #Coffeebean&TeaLeaf of course) when I use it, I don't feel like I'm spending my money. :-/
Are you gonna cry when the Pens come back and win the series?
yo mama. Miss ya face!
Many a people wept the world over for a fallen angel today.. RIP #whitneyhouston an angel in our hearts, lost but never forgotten...
mine too! Yee!
Yeah, that's how I feel too everytime dude pulls up for a jumper...ugh
did you take my music last night?! Lol!
thanks! I'll let you know. :)
People really need to listen.
I WANT A MICROPHONE FOR MY BDAY!!!!!1
Hey you might want to make sure your links work on your website....just a thought.
it's like being in detention when everyone is at recess. i feel like i'm in time-out. fuck the haters.
initial confusion came from order of judge's sentence. First ordered no prison -- then said 6 years probation -- then 180d
home for lunch the back to work at Mardens having an awesome day stop in and buy some Mothers Day gifts or a gift card!!!
what he doin?
When your mom walks in your and says "Just because Amy is going to formal with Malcolm doesn't mean your not. It's mandatory."
Wishing everyone a fun, safe, & happy Halloween!!! Get those porch lights on tonight & spoil some kiddos with lots of candy! XOXO!!!
Waitin for my damn class to start, wanna get home and just relax.
...knowledge, educ, and/or insight on the enviro theme... [.]
Just got done playing fruit ninja on my phone xD I think I'm going to play temple run..
very good move...
I feel like eggin a muh fuckin "black n white" car tonight!
..remember that safe place once afforded in childhood? That warm blanket of trust, how we would cuddle in warmth...trey bonn, yes?
Relationships with family & friends
New love grows on trees.. <3
This will never be okay. Ever.
SB15 does take into account the $ the state gives to the schools. That's why standard rate in #COasset is higher than in-state rate
you're so lucky you got to meet 1D ! I was supposed to meet them but i got in a car accident on my way there :S
what are you up to Louis?
Can we hit the reset button for today.
You miss every shot you don't take.
Lemme be the one when its time to turn it up a notch ,
you are missed....come hang out sometime!!
Let the tailgating begin. Cant wait to see the home opener
"There is no concept more generally cherished by publishers than that of the Undeserving Poor." A.J. Liebling
This is a God-awful hour to be awake!
I might die of overworking this weekend. Just a warning.
Thank you SO much for all the congrats, you guys! I'm already daydreaming about my exit interview. XD
Heading to ramp going fishing
Early Projections for the Minnesota Vikings&#39; Final 53-Man Roster in 2012
So ready 2 blog about my experience @ the art festival this past wknd!
Despres in for Martin!
you down there where them lows at!
Everything will work out.. it doesn't matter what anyone says..
That would be insane in the membrane.
only ethan would say or do a lot of things most others wouldn't young pupil
OMG. REMEMBER DECEMBER is trending it brings so much memories back of Awe <3
I've been eating all day.. WHY
Oh hell no
No one is happy to see this game go to overtime.
Don't keep me waiting
If u r like me & u only watch #TheBachelorette for the fashion, u MUST MUST follow ! You'll also laugh your @$$ off.
ranch r imperial ipa now pouring.
RT : Currently in Tulsa: Overcast and 76°
Confirmed. Combining Southern Tier's Pumking and Choklat is delicious but requires you to hoard a Pumking for a few months (the hard part)
Wanna get happy. Go I.m someone and use (Y)
Today maybe an off day but my body is on recovering. I feel it with ever step (and breath).
You ever slide down the hallway in your socks b/c it's 6 pm and no one is in the building but your fellow newspaper friends? Me neither.
It is renewed!
He connects with authoritarian management techniques, argues this is to workers as Dewey is to education: manipulation etc.
What are your favorite Indiana made products?
My pleasure, you're very welcome!
lol thanks ! Miss you more! Are you down here, I wanna see you!
I'm great in bed. I mean come on, I could sleep for days
Tryna find a beat...
Ok cool, let me know
Looking forward to a writting session asap tomarrow
From the #imjussayin files: #Patriots only won 1 playoff game since being exposed in #spygate 3 years ago. And that was last week...
luv to & for sweet notes and support...
I love the smell of a walk of shame in the morning
uh i cant cz i aint got no money bt i gt a can soda we cud split at home...its strwbrry
office isnt seeking many student opinions with their edu audit, isnt it suppose to be about the students? needs to change
Man, Tupacs hologram performance with Snoop Dogg gave me the chills
Celtics won!! Great way to start the season!
Ah yes, the wisdom of Mr.Roger Allen Wade
Evans tweeted me that Lance Lynn was "roster worthy" 4 weeks ago, turned out great for me
Don't ask god to guide your footprints, if you're not willing to move your feet
Adidas will take credit for Baylor, Cincy and Louisville wins - it must be the unis. All that neon is blinding opponents
A lot of websites redesign using widgets, how does HubSpot get the search engines to find the keywords
Weird? Nah, I'm totally nuts. lol. But thx =)
uhmmm do we all have iPhones ? let's just do a group message <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
And one more thing! I need to update my stupid...blog...thing D:< And I might join that Flickr site. My Photobucket is just..dead.
A collective of young people with different talents...
People ask me how I'm always so calm. Basically, I decide not to freak out and stick with it.
A friend in Australia wants to buy a gift certificate for a friend moving to DC for a local antiques store. This is SO not my expertise.
valentines days is suppost to be happy but instead its the 200 day i havent seen my friend :/ </3
While all the other girls are wearing mini skirts and heels, I'm rockin' sorrels and jeans ;)
every time I think humanity will be ok, I have to remind myself that 20 million Americans watch 2 and a Half Men every week
lol ok! Imma txt you a little later!
You are welcome.
Tomorrow I'll be wearing black and gold. Bring it Mizzou!
If you fly SW Airlines in July, find the article about Diggerslist.com in your seatback mag. Our boys built it! #adultwellness club
#IfIWasJustinsGirlfriendIWould learn grammar and then change my hashtag to
In today's "Driving You Crazy," the effort to get a crosswalk at the Las Vegas Welcome Sign. I'll have that at 5:15 & 6:15am on
...hello Jodi just dropping in to say hi...Michael Dillen
I knew it ! :) I wasn't sure so I didn't wanna be all creepy :b
Atleast Fab Mello can still work with the football team as the goal post!
I had to play the "reality" card yesterday. Staffer: "Why can't we do my plan?" Me: "Because the laws of space and time prohibit it."
99 percent of everything going into my body is plant based. Can u say the same?
Gratitude is the sign of noble souls
good night deary :) hope you get this message ....Danny lol:)
Instead of #TGIF, I'll add #TGISCIFRI for #SCIFRI #NPR Starting looking for copy of The Sibling Effect
Flipping between Mike Wallace special & 5 Eyewitness news wx coverage. Meanwhile my little one has cinderella blaring on the dvd mini.
You have not lived until you've verbally described UML diagrams for a computer based exam.
thx lynn, have a great friday :D
" : Sandy: I love Karate. SpongeBob: I love Kar-a-tay. Mr. Krabs: I love Mon-ay. Squidward: I hate all of you..."
I'm so sleepy
The reception is at 6pm tonight!
Merry Christmas!!
it will it's Wednesday
Missed PK...why not.
I am the #antiRomney. Me for President!
less then 10 .. maybe like 5. need to look
real shit. He good but he ain't shit amazing
Gahhhh I'm craving sushi so bad!
BESTEST BEST BEST BEST. #DS4MUSG Okay I'm done lol
aww I'm sorry!!!
Aw shucks, got to go back to work. Thank you HECO. I hope you put extra strength duct tape today.
": Spread the word about International Jazz Day on April 30. Please use hastag #jazzday."
m cod.
I love talkin to fine ladies like yourself. Brings a shine to my day :)
Pi Day- In Star Trek episode “Wolf in the Fold,” Spock foils the evil computer by commanding it to “compute to last digit the value of pi.”
sky is blue and water is what?
BETTER: Getting a text FROM Michael J. Fox on a phone that has Back to the Future text notification.
I'm gatv
"Worry does not empty tomorrow of its sorrow. It empties today of its strength."
RT : No man is worth your tears, and when you find the man who is, he'll never make you cry.
If you don't have to make sacrifices to accomplish your goal...you need a bigger challenge!
Look at yourself in the mirror before you go hating on poor Trust me haters, I bet he has a life unlike you being mean to him!
Watching "Just Wright". Why did it get only 1 star? Hook a bruh up
Can't sleep...
Wish #BFV FAN PAGES 2 follow me back
Ppl so busy living in the past can't even enjoy the present smh
DIFFERENCES Radio Magazine Show keeps listeners "in the know" about Entertainment, Health, Food, Fashion, Lifestyle and Community Affairs
#ICantStandPeople that are so full of themselves !!
Yay! I miss it and you! Hang next weekend for sure!
Pre-order 's new album, Hell Is What You Make It! It releases on July 12! #helliswhatyoumakeit helliswhatyoumakeit.com/preorder
I like to think that I'll bring my particular brand of rumpled style to my new gig.
because they don't sell them rolling acres.
Cue the saxophone! It's an #80s movie! ;)
Whats good ?? Need to catch u early part of next week if you gone be free....
Good evening twitter!!
#Blazers vs #Sonics!
MA thesis and practicum presentations tonight in the Lee Reception Room, 6:30!
RT : Miller believes there should be an adjustment to the Title I formula, but opposes the Thompson amendment.
S/o to the boys that know how to hold it down.
lmfao! Ohh that's too funny #keepdreaming :) jkjk! :P are you out of your mind? Haha
you remember how bad he was son??? Its NO WAY he could be that bad again..DWade gotta be the closer if it come down to it
I love dogs, but I think that the lady who's trying to swing hers at the kids' playground is a little crazy. And looks like the dog agrees.
There are so many kind of grains out there. Does anyone know what kind of wheat is semolina flour made from?
Still celebrating Uncle Greg's graduation
Heard your stuff... Love it! keep it up!
I text you because I want to have a conversation with you, not to be pissed off & get my day ruined..
that's what I thought... Things are good. How about yourself?
Your email reminded me: HUGE thx to the volunteers!!!!
Which Midwest city is ready to get Simplified?
that's why you need an iphone. stat.
": The taps will start flowing two weeks from today - we'll drink to that!" I'll be there!!
damn that was gonna be my next pose.. Lol
Not as much as...
it is my absolute pleasure... lifting up fellow #GenBlue peeps fills me with JOY!! :)
hahaha well take a plane ! :p
British indie rock band The Kooks to perform here on July 25
oh i've been sick for like two weeks and have lost my voice.. my life is in shambles.
Thanks to all the #USPro host cities and event organizers for putting on a world class race! We were thrilled to be a part of history!
just used the last of a carton of vanilla soy milk to make a box of annie's mac-n-cheese. strangely delicious.
woke up this morning after having a very real dream about national standards. not sure what this says about me.
no doubt! Just switched to watching the Indy Indians, and there is a pitching duel going on! 6 consecutive strikoeouts!
Looking forward to playing with you next week dude! Let's get weird.
can't wait! Hopefully for good news.
from Faded knows whats up..... Left Handed high fives all the way around!
lmfao that's so true!
Getting out from in front of the computer and off to the kitchen. It's time to bake the brownies.
We can't wait to tell you about our upcoming promo! Stay tuned for details...
Just had the works at Clear Water car wash on E College Ave and they did a sparkly job. Avoiding puddles...
Have you ever googled yourself? :D Love you
That's Galarraga. I wud have checked my baseball history book 4 the spelling of his name, but I didn't find it in the perfect game section.
so bord my ears r so sore
Good Night Philadelphia!!Another Paper Champion Down!! That's 2 n 2 Dayz!!!! Money can buy you a lot of things but def not a championship!!!
TOP 3 @ #CC250 RIGHT NOW! Turn it up
haha I think I'll manage. I didn't know you weren't going to be there! I'm sad we're missing you!
Posers Need To Get A Freakin Life!! Jfs -.-
Which lens? We want 140 characters of details!
yeah, things are gonna be very different
MT : RED FLAG WARNING issued for 5/18 for AZ & NM due to strong winds, low humidity, and high fire danger.
If life gives you melons you are anorexic... I mean dyslexic.
Having to ride the blue bus from the view all the way around just to get to my stop at university club
Looking for something fun to do tonight? Why not trivia followed by Karaoke? It all starts at 8pm in our basement.
how is kansas st. an 8 seed with a 32-2 record?
In a Chicago kind of mood.
Happy Mother's Day!
Giants game
Writing up cover letters to studios before i get back to work, gotta get the ball rolling on this career thing!
we will. have a great week
oh no! finals?? said hes gone for the next 2 weekends :( well hafta get em first weekend in june!
Full of crap like always!! RT : : we had a chandler!
Lyrics to all songs of Rhapsody!: Age Of The Red Moon
Walking backwards like a tour guide or just retracing your steps?
Make Your Subscribers Want to Build Your List for You Using! dld.bz/afhNs
OMG! #NCIS season finale! love this show.
raise it!
Draft Sully for Congress!
#dhdebates discussing authorship in collaborative work, cites crowdsourcing of original OED
Thanks for sharing the #Glee youtube video link. I'm going through #Glee withdrawals right now :-)
": WHEN I WAS IN 6TH GRADE I PLAYED AT THE PARK NOW I NO 6TH GRADERS THAT SUCK DICK AT THE PARK"
Don't tease me! haha
My mother has become a play-by-play announcer.
Omg I slept like a baby
"All you do is sit on Facebook all day" Lies..... I sit on the chair.
Please follow me alli. ive been trying to get yu to follow me for months noww. i love yu.. yur my inspiration<3 xo
While everyone else rests on this Sabbath day, I'll be in a tech. rehearsal! TheySleep. WeGETWORK.
Gg man you are one of the most consistent pros I know.
see acting as a business; don't be a fan of the big actors, but dissect their technique; practice and network every single day
#shoutoutto he's everywhere.
"The Lost Symbol" media campaign - presentation to the board of directors at Institute of Noetic Sciences, Oct. 30, 2009. heidifuller.com
is so good at this
How are you and Hannah doing? Great to see you online!
I hate first period. That's why I spend it on twitter!
You know it has been a long week when you have to issue a Tweet correction.
From a guy who takes pre-existing Internet memes like LOLCATS and tries to "own" them. Thanks for helping society out!
It's only 7:30 but I will soon tell them to relax and get some sleep. Great write up. Thank you.
Great meeting today with all stakeholders Thx for coming! Topics discussed #progress #business #ethics #students #goals etc
Seriously they are! I mean i and Vinny but why would u make up a fake account about them ???!
I'm LOVING #Glee's Michael Jackson tribute tonight! Who's bad?
I finally made the switch to Mac after the worst weekend E-V-E-R with my PC. Now if I can just get it to do what I want, we're golden!
just don't burn it that's the worse thing possible
on our way
I knew that what the Westbrook homestead!
Had an awesome time with our friends in Saginaw!! God is so good!!
Can we take cameras to prom?(:
God designed a beautiful day.
What's your favorite meal of the day, ?
I actually sat through 2.5 movies in a row and I was pretty damn proud of myself, SIR! :P
Wendy's.. they have chili fries now. I wouldn't steer you wrong..
That means I have to let my manager and agent both know I'll be booked out...
I was so happy to catch up w/u yesterday. Thank u for the call. Will email u later today w/updates, details, etc. :)
You got it!!:) Thank you as well!!
that's really something. I just want my work pc to distribute shots of espresso at 10am and 3pm.
Maria, this is Kevin(Uncle Bruce's friend) can you follow me for a second so I can shoot you a private message?
Perfect! Now you are ready to move to LA!
And it's just too bad you've already had the best days... the
Thanks for the shoutout!
I'm such a terrible friend.
“Doubt is not a pleasant condition, but certainty is absurd.” – Voltaire
At the airport on my way to NAB in Vegas. Need to see if I can grab a commuter flight to LA for the PTFC match tonight
R.I.P. To the Godfather of GoGo Chuck Brown he will be missed
what happened to your sense of humor ?
Today has been one of the bad bad days... :o
I'm sick of Wells Fargo screwing with C. Time to kick their ass too.
im just shocked!! hahahahahaha
I dont have soccer for the first time in like 4 months. Mind=Blown....
I love bein home PHOENIX BABY!
: Nail Shop Swagg w/ the T.Jones dang y'all in the crowd I got done up yesterday
So if u see a red g5 beware ! Lol
please follow me back i love you with all my heart
22 years in Seattle, yet all my fiction is set in Louisiana. I hope you at least like New Orleans
A new drug to manage resistant chronic pain - Science Daily (press release)
Thanks Councilman Smith for the RT about You the Man!
yay! Just like old times haha
Guess we should start saving now for all those new apple products!!
Haha, yeah Mandy is going to retire from the check Disney sent her for all the publicity she gave them ;-)
Get to know the people running camera during auditions because remembering them naked will help you relax. :)
IM SO HAPPY FOR YOU :') you happy,im happy <21
My Grandad Was A Real Thug I Don't Care What Anyone Says... #RIP Ilove YOU...
Lost the futebol match ! :(
please don't :'c
you are super awesome as well, Olivia! - Y
I'm feeling the effects D1 athletics in the SEC has had on my body. Feeling like an old woman at these softball games!
it is a wonderful place. Great details. Love seeing everyone enjoying it. I also can't wait to see P3.
Holler back! #underground #art #film #fashion #music #groundbreaking!
everything that could of gone wrong kinda did...
DMX is real underrated. My opinion won't matter after this though.
guy in the lab next to me on the phone: "is this the girl i ordered?"
not to bad... Moved back home to KY n now jobless :-(
You kind of just want Chicago to score at this point, that was beautiful
Make today better than yesterday. Continue this mindset each day and you are living the good life.
Thanks for being an amazing customer!
“If we are not fully ourselves, truly in the present moment, we miss everything.” ~Thich Nhat Hanh
Awe yes it is
Forget what you heard, recognize what you see. I know you heard the rumors... now here's the real me.
don't agree with that. way to motivate him..
you seemed so sad and u felt lonely. I can 100% relate. I get that feeling everyday.
Adversity is a fact of life. It can't be controlled. What we can control is how we react to it.
No problem Kevin. Excited to be teamed up with you!
Thank you! Wonderful to meet you too.
Ask Style: Have Any Ideas for Doable Fashion Resolutions? I want to make a change in my fashion for the New Year, but I don 't know quite
Words are not written./Spoken with a more patient voice.
@ the #Nonprofit Legislative Wrap-up in Annapolis w/Job Opportunities Task Force, MD Assoc of Nonprofs, MD Citizens Health Initiative, et al
Much better advice than mine
Nah, my neighborhood might fuck you up lol.. RT yea yea i need to come to the 219 fuk yo neighborhood up lol
#Bruins and #NYRangers still knotted at 2 halfway through the third period.
We're gettin' hyped up for Black Friday! Makin' them super steals n' deals just for you! Stay tuned for a printable coupon later today! <3
shaken, not stirred?
When people misjudge genuine people without getting to know them...
I sometimes talk to myself.
And if it was dumbbells, how would you get them up in the first place so that they could then rip your pec. Why wouldn't you drop them?
Today's the day! Undergrad/faculty mixer at 4pm in the ATEC conference room! Come meet EMAC faculty/students. All EMAC'ers welcome!
Ah yes, yes you do. I have much appreciated your "catcheck!" tweets, and obv the ferret convo. :)
Art editing repacking
no worries, keep in touch. I will post more videos on my website and facebook so you can see me there!
Milk and graham crackers.
What was your favorite city on the all the way tour?:)
oh ok cool. Im section 111
Feel a little bad for the two Norwegian guys looking for fun on 6th St. On a Monday. During finals.
I have a friend, her name is Amanda. She likes to eat kung pow, from Royal Panda. You can have some delivered to your door (kung pow,...
Anyone else addicted to ?
I'm getting my "Radio Snark" live365 station going again soon online. You'll have to check that out.
Why cant this day go any faster
My desire is for 9-11-11 to represent a new beginning in your life. Let's take time today to
your welcome :) anytime xD
You're lucky. She tossed money at you for looking at her twins.
Pretty boys think they run the world... You ain't that tight hunny
OK going to create a place for Twitter Addicts called TwitterHab ^_^
You're hot, funny, sexy, adorable, etc...
Hey louis! I love you!<3
RT : ": They just said Carlos and I just thought Baerga...clearly its been a while since I've been to a tribe game."
Every business needs effective advertising to succeed! be known, do your best, stay in the right and the rest will come naturally <3
BREAKING: Beltline Traffic EB is slowed b/c of a fire near John Nolen and Rimrock. If you're in the area & can safely take photos please do
FUCCCCCCCCCCCK I JUST GOT AN $168 TICKET
Tonight, we are young...
so since you've been to Cali.. Mia.. Louisiana.. &around the world on that jet.. how bout you stop back thru Fla..
I know you slept in my bed
If you wanted me dead all along you could have just say so you didnt have to mistreat me for that long
Flashback to the 80's. Just set up a showing with an agent that had to find her List/Show book first to manually enter.....wow!
poopie smell good doe
I decided to go a new route so I am going to send you another jone to get on...give me like a week or 2...maybe sooner.
Ron Artest gotta chill with his knees & elbows, shit is getting outta hand
Oh Sydney you should have been there. He gave us his facebook. And yes, of course I added him. ;)
i'll manage it for you
Looking forward to the Women & Wealthy Symposium at WCTC tonight with Rhonda Noordyk. Should be awesome!
i like the way you think. but we need to pull this one out and get back on track. bad.
At Lady Antebellum...Darius rocked the house!! 5 minutes to showtime!!
I am glad u approve. Haha I was blacked out
welcome to the event
Good Morning Cuh!
Preview of the newest addition to our FTD SERIES online! www.ar-vr.com limited print so hit us up to pre-order!
I got your invitation!! Coolness.
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Happy #StPatricksDay, #Pittsburgh!
ID Greatness: The experience is vivid & authentic, with opportunities to practice, to THINK about and DO something. Via
aw in the words of daisy murp :(
did u do a tuna commercial?
hey back
now you're just somebody that i used to know...
seriously hungry but don't want to move
is like Santa with blonde hair hahaha
tell her i said what up.
Now you have me wondering what 60s South African fashion looked like and if I would recognize it as such. Trippy.
It will take all of us, timmayK, but yes. It can be done.
Dealing with #BigData isn't as difficult as you may believe as long as you have a good data integration partner.
RT - Cleveland Indians lose to Giants, 1-0, on Tony Sipp's balk in 7th ...
Check out Boom One Sound System's EP "Japanese Translations in DUB"
Thank you for the follow!!
Crying because of how perfect The Wanted is.
Mama Obama time!
Milk shake mondays are great
We've just connected with 50 top psychologists on Twitter. Our award winning program is a great supplement to ongoing counseling for kids.
about to talk with on
remember you told sesali she aint no how you and raspberry lemonade got down lol
pork belly is done cooking. smells good. wish I could eat it now, but must wait til tomorrow. yum.
You're welcome! Enjoy!
Here we go again :/
Arod just has nothing. 7 more years of this Yankee fans. Hey buddy, stop spitting seeds and do something to earn your $30 mil. WOW
Thank you! Done and done.
Arts and Lectures Workshop Event : Sound Engineer Mike Davidson, Wednesday, 3/23, 12:45-2PM in Lindsay Hall, Room 10.
It was a brutal episode. Really well done, though.
Whoever gets the celebrity with the most followers to tweet about us will win a “Red Neck Care Package” from Big Tex Entert.........
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG >3< I MADE THE BEST PIC EVER! :3 its on my myspace. check it out >:3
THEY'RE THE BEST THING EVAR. *feeds you one*
Digging It with the Townies Everyone knows that the downtown area is the bustling center of city life. It is usually filled with an amaz
to wats ya gamertag? Mine is daTHROWBACKking hit me up
I like that one too! Fav part is, "Use or Use Not, there is no try.”
This bitch at the doctors office is a straight bitch. Better be happy I need to be seen or I would cuss her ass out.
was 40 minutes late today, smh
Thank you!!
Thank you sir. Getting our feet wet.
I really don't dig this timeline for bandpages...
please follow! love your work!
i dont eat pussy. i devour vagina
Loving the throwback shout out!! I feel like has gotta be diggin that.
I could jog over the bridge faster than this train is going right now. Damn MTA!
No, sadly I have the same problem lol
this makes me worried that im missing a conference call. just wanted to share.
Maybe they'll release it the same summer as the Elfquest movie.
To all the bitches that wear insanely padded/intense push-up bras: The fuck is with the false advertisement? YO TITTIES AIN'T THAT BIG.
Whole Foods fake triscuits <U+2260> real triscuits.
I'll need to borrow your positivity...I'm not sure I can!
What is felt but never said...<3
If you still wan party when you leave beamers come hang with us #nine72 right behind beamers
ha, thanks. I try.
see you today at the meeting on LEP patient practices! Looking forward to being a part of it.
elders always know best and have the best experiences..hahaha!
Philly to do some wedding photos!! :)
Wood County families unplug; screen free week turns attention to physical activity - VOICE of Wisconsin Rapids (subscription)
U is for yhu and me
hi boo how u been
Alwaayz a pleasure! Enjoy your Sumdaay:-)) #
Dear Tim's, can my roll-up-the-rim prize be a heritage job? Please?
I serve my "fuck you's" with a smile. It just has a better effect that way. Don't you think?
about ready to roll out the next limited edition photo block - be ready this one is pretty awesome
u had a gme
NC State has developed an iPad app for quick access to their virtual computing lab.
New to this twitter thing.
Waley also pushing for preservation of heritage trees that would be cut to build Green redevelopment
no I couldn't remember who she looked like hmm??
they know a star when they see a star nigga
my intention was to taunt you. you always see right through me.
On the at 6:15, previews the 2nd game of the Yankees-Rays series. Also, here his thoughts on Pettitte's return.
Lots of CEOs on the guest list at #health2con. Will be interesting to see how they involve pts. will have a table Tues, though!
Oregon FB is for real. Plus they are extremely fun to watch both offensively and defensively.
Seriously surprised the light fixures don't drip when they get turned on
Seski take care fur brush with pine cone. Seski go take nap now.
slowing down 4 the week, a little work and some play but not full blast
Wishing I could put this weekend on repeat.
#BackInElementarySchool I use to be the tallest girl in the class.. Now everyone is a million times taller than me...
In Ghana that bitch shit dnt fly like that
#ohiogoesgoogle what's more important? what we learn along the way or the outcome?
sounds great...please send details to
Eff my effing life
Simple + effective recovery meal: PB&J, banana, protein shake. Works every time.
I guess this is where I should be? Little lost at the moment.
DIRT founder plans road track, half-mile oval in Hastings
everyone does though its highschool i think even 6 graders do more lol
blessings to you and the 116 crew for the #ManUp conference! So excited for what God is doing!
Happy Birthday Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson
Let's do this! RT Ready to go watch this fight..and game with and et al
I see what happened… U contacted them, and I read list under oskarblues pages. I assumed & the word promises what'll happen
how is everyone doing today?
yaay :D ! Can't wait<3
Right after I buy mine. You got it ;]
Everything happens for a reason....
Love bugs are so pointless. I don't walk around fucking my boyfriend in public. Dirty freaking slut bugs.
this is my first ever tweet! I'm at a conference in Vermont w/spotty Internet access, are the readings for class on the web-site?
T-23 days until Chicago. E - I'm getting excited!
After watching Jiro Dreams of Sushi, now I want sushi....predictable. :)
“ When it comes down to it, the last person you think of at night is the one who truly matters to you.” Wow yea
yet here i am, twittering instead of reading while i wait in the airport
If you move to a new house - never move the salt in your kitchen or your broom or mop. Buy these items NEW for your new home.
I finally have all of my prom stuff! <U+E409>
People like to bring up your past when your present and future look better than theirs ~ BookOfQuotes
this club has Justin Bieber's hair making out w/ Donald Trump's hair, Malibu Barbies dressed in mans clothing,german tacos, cowboys in afros
Oklahoma sure has spirit!!<f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
curating my lists and followings. trying to maintain high average tweet utility. so far so good.
delete it. *very
follow back?(:
go to bed
Absolute UnSelfishness. God-centeredness vs. Self-centeredness. God make me an instrument of peace, an actor of your love, & singer of joy!
Breakfast with graphic #editor George Kalwa this morning. Love running into #video professionals in our charming city!
Hey cuties ;)
You should probably be concerned. Can't be good.
of course! I agree with that article. It's great to be back in Chicago, although I do miss Indy a bit. What's new with you?
anyone see Dragon Tatoo this weekend? how was it?
Samurai date with girlfriend <3
But honestly, Kanye just seems like a gem to hang out with. Also, I'm a little drunk.
soon he can have two new friends. Rufus and Riley to hang with
Haha. You ever get a ticket?
Whenever I have Monday "blahs" today, I think about the Broncos going 5 and 0 and smile. Try it!
Loving my newest followers and !
nice Chingy pull
Brewers or Cardinals?
Like many people, he claims a native great-grandparent. Does that give him the cred to play native characters? It's an interesting question
thanks man
No worries. Welcome. Hi. Howdy. Hello.
aye it is what it is lol
You'd think I'd have to be the one to beg my mom to go to prom.. I told her I didn't want to go and she begged ME to go.
making plans for a vineyard vacation this summer. Any lodging recommendations? #can'twait
There is some big stuff brewing (no pun intended) in the boozecamp world. Be patient my dear.
I need step my grind up and start working before work every day and then go run at night instead
Outstanding Sophomore of the Year -- !
#hhlib its not being a futurist and its painful.
my favorite quote of the day " The San Diego Police Department doesn't investigate weirdness. We investigate crimes."
Protein shake and #lost all day.
Facts Of School™ In Class: <U+2714> Talk <U+2714> Sleep <U+2714> Text <U+2714> Play <U+2752> Study.
hope you are having,a great time.
Story of my life.
after 07 championship i was on his flight to denver---boise. He and his fiance were so awesome. His entire arms were bloody!
Tanning and copious amounts of watermelon
Is it sad I'm kinda over what used to be my favorite show?
Small Bump - Ed Sheeran
Joe on Twitter. Awesome!
() "They didnt have real music then, just instruments." mom @ ren faire event.
how is work today? Lol
nice BRA. Full Coverage..Great support & Sexy :-)
thinking about alternatives to carto?
I'm pretty sure Twitter approached LoC. Good PR move but I'm happy that we're getting the data to preserve and experiment with
Can you tell me the latest on the contract talk for Lamarr Houston and Rolando Mcclain,if anything
You guys just need to get back together already...
yeah this is the best way to follow sports/fantasy news available...or justin bieber...depends what you're into
sounds good. Keep the facts up
Two music video shoots within a week?
Turned to 810 during the #Royals commercial and heard Jack Harry.
why does Kelly even use the ropes...it baffles me...
aww thanks. You had no way of knowing how much that would mean today. Hope all is well with you!
bench him yesterday
BLAZERS MAKING MOVES AND CLEARING CAP FOR THE SUMMER! SOMEONE PLS GET US A GM OR MAKE CHAD BUCHANAN THE OFFICIAL GM!
liam neeson is a great actor!
Driving past the entrance of #BestBuy a.k.a the sea of beaming exiting men.
hey stranger!! When you gonna be in DTLA?!?!
that's me c:
your welcome! & thank you so much! =D
It's been 3 days.
Dirty money but we're clean with it.
Cool. We're still assembling everything, but I'll do a guest post when it's complete. Any specifics on what you'd want to see?
Oh Phil! What made you decide to model your game after me?!
We love you. No really we do. To celebrate we're offering you $2 off a subscription to the rag using promo code WELOVEYOU2.
Harvey Mudd speaker series lessons: realistic frequency, vary topics / speakers, s Vary the days of week, more prep than you think
Thanks for the follow back, we're neighbors! What is your website? I couldn't access it..
omg that looks like heaven on a plate!
#prowling was going on last night last night! The ladies and gents were having a fun at the after party!
Oprah Winfrey~ What I know for sure is that what you give comes back to you.
Do you think he created a divide yesterday with him and the BOT?
We are doing well ! How are you?
You can start camping out at Barnes and Noble at 6pm! No earlier or you will be escorted away from the premises.
It's good to see greatness recognized, just wish we would stop waiting till after we lost greatness to pay respect.
Ik my school is awesome!
ok. are you still in vegas?
I teach small businesses how to effectively use the internet to farm new customers, get old ones to come back more often and pay more
No team can be the best in the NHL if it doesn't have defense or goaltending. Flyers never had that.
Why does SCOTUS imagine that healthcare can be equated with commodities like consumables or consumer services? Consumerism is all there is?
world cup final with out a doubt
Can't believe I've just logged a month at the new gig! My brain is throbbing from all I'm learning ;)
After the game get to Bartinis for all your Friday night fun!
Thank you for helping blow our camp up hard. Much love from NY to the D! We got you!
***Charlie Hustle in Concert*** @ The T.I. Farewell Tour: featuring - T.I., Busta Rhymes & Keri Hilson (Sat, 2/28)
VINNY?! I hope when you rallied for & you also pulled for it was her bday you know!
If you didnt see it with your own eyes or hear it with your own ears don't invent it with your small mind & share it with your big mouth
Best of luck at #IndianWells Philly's rooting for ya!! #VikaPhan smile
Happy New Year!
Only person I know who requests a painting of the honey boo boo child girl from a live artist = me. She was pumped.
lol...you have my dollars!
Thanks! People with real last name Twitter handles UNITE!
love it..don't forget this wed:)
#IAlwaysWonderIf i'm in other people's dreams.
if i bought my tickets online friday and havin them mailed to me how long should it take??
i wonder if we can get to 2k followers by the end of the week. i may just have another free song as a prize for y'all if this happens :)
I know, I have no friends.
Lots of laffs with the court today. Twas a good one!
U can skew facts to fit ANY story. U usually lose more on the road hence the lower #s. Elway & PM said hed b back to MVP lvl
Very good point. I think I have been doing this. At least I hope so.
We love our fans!!
jeez. Some more details pleez. Was it during or post cal daze? Do u remeber venue? I'll work on remembering. Hee hee.
RT : MN Building & Trades Cncl says #Vikings stadium will provide jobs to help MN workers feed their families.
back to US after almost a month in Turkey. Woke up at 3am. upside is that I can catch up with the office since it's already morning there.
Nash checks out after a few seconds to another raucous ovation. Special night here in Phoenix.
im just so lovable right now lol
He does what? :O
Marian Hossa has left Northwestern Memorial Hospital. Good to hear; I was so worried when he didn't move after that hit.
thank you!
Sometimes, I realize how much of a poo ball I am when watching Family Guy and laughing my ass off--by myself.
I see, so we'll be tweeting all weekend long then... Lucky Miss I'm
I need a napp :o
LETS SET THIS BITCH OFF NIGGA LOL
hello twitter people hows everbody's day going so far
BPL: Arsenal v. Manchester United
It's snowing. I wish snow could keep it's shape and texture and not be freezing. Then I'd love snow.
Runaway Love <3
Teacher Network newsletter: April Fools and profit-making schools: This week's newsletter is packed with useful ..
Mulan is definitely one of my favorite Disney movies c:
lol, It was my first 10am drunk dial. I will say that it wouldn't have been as entertaining if you d-dialed me at 1am.
I'm a bay area occupy live streamer
I just love the fact that the giants thanked God for there victory<3 I give them props:')
Happy Platypus Day
I like no padres staff have any idea about your tweets or contests.
Who's going tonight? Hope to see you there! RT : 6pm tonite @ Bucketworks - Pro Forms Presentation & taco bar courtesy of
You know what is better than going to Ireland for 12 days? Going to Ireland for 13 days! AND going on a haunted tour of Dublin
PickUpLine: Do you like jigsaw puzzles? Let's go to my room and put our pieces together.
Hope you have a blast. I'm sure your dad is thrilled :-)
imma hit u later
Reliable encryption is essential to the future of the cloud
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it.
A Slightly Unattractive Life
Oomf is a straight nigga in a females body!
little boog action never hurt nobody
Quote to live by: "Funny how the harder I work, the luckier I get" - Dave Thomas, Founder of Wendy's.
Always a good day when Toto's Africa pops up on Pandora, right ?
This is an exciting week of photo shoots and music and friends. Im glad its here.
just need to go to five, shouldn't be hard, already have my tickets to 1 :)
people always disappoint
A hearty "amen."
I miss outdoor activities, but it's just 2 hot for my baby to spend time out there. It's even 2 hot for Barton Springs!
It's amazing what a minute can do...
That was the strangest, weirdest, craziest & most interesting #SundayFollow I've seen yet ;) Well done
Original Batman Adam West gets Walk of Fame star: Adam West receives the 2,468th star on the Hollywood Walk of F..
Please help. I want one of the following to be my #intern: sarcastic robot, monkey, boxing kangaroo, Dave Grohl, rockhopper penguin. How?
pussy nigga AH!
#AusinsGoingFar Yee he's trending and he so is going far
Now is the time to experience Cuba. Join us for the Havana Biennial May 7 – 12. The April 6 deadline is fast approaching....
follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me follow me! Please it would mean the world to me!
He's going to have to get some of those super tacky gloves and look the ball in for that to happen
Tuesday Tweetcast: Sunshine dominates again, highs hit the mid 80s. Rain risk returns slowly Thu-Sun, colder by late next week.
Its time to get weird.
In honor of Easter I'm going to play Infinity Blade.
Today is a good day for things to change.
I know the song dan...
I was checking out the PURPLE SWING. I don't have any reason to trust MITT ROMNEY. The college students are a lot smarter than MITT thinks.
RT : Gettin' pumped for zine symposium tomorrow! Your poster are is amazing! thanks so much.
What channel? The Grinch certainly makes for a wonderful xmas eve eve!
Lot of similarities between packers 1st two picks this year and in 2009. Both picked up a DL and OLB with a trade-up to get one.
Something has to make you mine... <U+2665>
Awesome pics! Wish we'd had her at our wedding.
NEXT RADIO XTAMINA TOPIC 11/16/2009 "OBAMA HEALTH CARE REFORM, IS IT GOOD FOR AMERICA?" Tune into 1420AM (Atlanta) 560AM (Dallas & Tulsa)
Bam! Three for at ! Nice way to end the third.
Way better than Granny Warren. Until can fire 551 of them er..replace them all at one time, we need the best we can get.
thanks for sending out the tweet about law of 2 feet, that clarified things :)
The bullpen phone for Jamie Moyer is the one with extra large numbers GET IT? IT'S BECAUSE HE'S OLD!!
Thanks, Ernest!
Fuck. When you love someone and can't have them. :(
ya i've tried messaging u like twice?!!?!?
You would think Wiz Khalifa would be immune to weed laws by now... Just like Snoop and Cheech and Chong
Thanks for the follow! Look forward to your tweets!
Good for you! I've made some cards recently, and they took quite a bit of time, but were worth it.
sleepy sleepy sleepy sleep
My absolute love is Justin bieber <3 :)
Volvo Roof Bars for vehicles with Roof Rails ?
Next on the , breaks down game 3 of the Yankees-Twins series tonight.
appreciate what she's done the past couple days _-_
Drake on Beefing with Ludacris: “I didn’t take any of that seriously…”
Shout out to my new followers!! I appreciate yall!! Much love!
I had to struggle a lot to figure how to link because I have another Twitter account, I made another G mail, easy solution
I am ready. two happy and healthy kids. body is ready for a little help
That sounds nice! I don't have anywhere to sit outside where I wouldn't get soaked! :)
coming to Dallas. July 13. About time.
Anyone have recommendations on what app to use to host a professional facebook group chat on our page? Would love to hear from you.
I miss you too <|3
Follow for 100 new followers
use youtube to play your music with different videos/commercials to see if/how it fits
I'm making money too babe :(
ha, i dont know if i passed my EOC or not..
Danced on stage last night with at the concert. Great show thanks David and
Sex isn't better than love!
You only wear your ''Band Tees'' to bed? What's the fucking point?
hope you're enjoying #CommercialFree Music! It's happening right now :D
today was alright :) 5th period was funny like always lol
Every good radio show has jack hammer/office construction noise in the background right?
Don't forget.. It's now Bahn Mi Sunday!!
oh yes!!! Costco!!! So exciting!!!
My back hurts -.-
Thats that shit I dont Like gonna b the anthem
just call me Dimples and i'll love you forever <3
Oh no! are u sick!?
yu have a nice pair of tits :x .
What do you see when the Pillsbury Dough Boy bends over? Doughnuts
Thanks Bro..
Thank you for the #FF! RT Happy #FF - thanks so much to
What happened? It says it's offline...
I've recorded every night this week haven't had a chance 2 mix yet. On 2nd listen def sounded cool, too many cats on it tho lol
“: "In 'leading from behind,' President Obama has been ambiguous and given Iran the luxury of time."”
thanks jayson. I'll look for your dm..have a good wknd man!
Moderate to heavy rainfall now. The computer models call for a break to the north and rain to the south early on. So far not working out
I GOT HACKED.. AND IM TWEETING FROM FORMSPRING NOT MY TWITTER. SO FOLLOW ITS MY NEW TWITTER
maybe next year for thr Tigers
Found you on Twitter! I've been reading ILoveYourFace and you've continue to have some great, helpful stuff to say! Love!!
RT Ha! : has great radio voice!! "i'm not dirty, you guys cut it out." right.
He is doing them a favor by being on twitter, chatting, throwing out nuggets etc. Not his fault people jump all over it.
u and Marion doing the running man! If I could my buddy who works for you u guys to film that.
Pink& silver
You know you #love someone when you want them to be happy even if their happiness means that you’re not part of it.
welcome to twitter! :)
She gives good lip service RT Will Lisa Rinna sacrifice her dignity for a national campaign? Depends!
At the Walker... Design in Production
Listening to 3 girls write a rap song about STD's for their Senior Project. Statistics say that at least one of them will have one by 25. :)
just tell me the firrst letter of his name! Please
is looking forward to Saturday's 10am Precinct Walk for Kevin Beiser, Math Teacher of the Year for San Diego School Board 858-248-1903
The Mexican truck wants to be open today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
So just declared #MKEDAY at BBC. And so it shall be. Thanks all for coming out.
I wish that I could have this moment for life
Floyd Mayweather Acquitted in Harassment Case; Can Pacquiao ...
"pumpkin patch of yummy pumpkins"???? HUH???
Hey you guys we are interviewing Crown the Empire tomorrow. Any questions you would like us to ask them please reply to this tweet asap!
I dont know how to behave! Theres no such thing. Lls wbu?
haha hey I have my own private twitter! You should go follow it, because I'm mostly on that account! Here it is
Trials do not increase our faith!
you dive air at your lough or nitrox?
Is it the Sylvia Plath station?? : Geez... is playing all my fave-yet-depressing music.
#20ThingsAboutMe Im a Grease Monkey and i admit it.
Shortcut of the week is another Outlook gem. CTRL+R to reply. CTRL+SHIFT+R to reply all.
Thank you for the RTs!
RT : Northpark movie date with my bestie I love when JJP alum come home!!!!
RT : NBC's has 102,311 followers and has never, not once, ever, sent a single tweet.
Paper over pu$$y
Im back home in Dallas after a long yet fruitful trip to the Asia-Pacific
Donovan Day in the city of Boston tomorrow #DONOVAN's
Thank you for bringing attention to the Black and Missing a heart-breaking and needed cause. We salute and support your campaign.
music is so amazing to me
thanks. I seem to have misplaced your email address. Would you mind sending it again? Sorry about that.
I'm so excited that #JonathanTaylorThomas is back in the media, even if it's only short-lived. I'm hoping he returns to TV/movies!!
Yes that's what I told you earlier. That's what MOCSM stands for= Men of Color who have sex with men
Im high?
I mean two workers, one of whom was a cloud expert giving a web developer some feedback & a business card. spooky.
Excellent! I look very much forward to seeing you there!
Facebook is like my living room = no business. Twitter is my information source = no crap. Linked are my business contacts = be legitimate
nope...sure didn't. Was ready to go..FB me his number..
So the guy I had a crush on at work happens to be 35 and married.
Glad it's still 2012 in WA.
It was a high counsel that I once heard given to a young person, "always do what you are afraid to." Ralph Waldo Emerson
I ate so much Jimmy Johns in college that I could go the next 4 years without it and be perfectly content.
I blame the elitist NY media. And elitist New York.
are you going to have a pancake breakfast with auction or something like that?
CTHU...luv your tweets, that's why I follow you!
I know I was like why does he have to leave already!;( haha
Athena was crafty, supersmart, and is represented by an owl tree. What's not to love? :) RT :
RT For every second she had sex with Rick Pitino, Karen Sypher will spend 176 days in prison.
It's a beautiful day in east Texas, so of course it's time to get back to that NYC drizzle.
Join ResearchChannel for the newest program in the ongoing series "MS from A to Z" tonight at 6 p.m.
assassian is one of my favs...
I did! But I didn't realize I'd have to alternate taking it off and putting it back on every block.
oh I feel ya!
Not always
Love it when #HouseHunters have a budget like ours was. Can't relate to those other freaks.
In front of Stedman Graham recieving knowledge & love
define "alive". But yeah, I'm home. >_<
Just for starters, and all. :)
A mother be on her grind..
So Goin to the other Class bye ppl! XD
Not that I know of. - Paul
OH, HE SAID SHE GOT NO NIPPLE !
Are they giving out the little whistles like they used to?
AH! I REMEMBER RONITA WALKIN ROUND THE ACADEMY BANGIN ON WALLS SAYIN THAT!!!
Preparing myself mentally for the 1st of a few Derby parties with a power nap and a couple episodes of " 16 & Pregnant"...
So pumped for zoo this weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
I have an inkling this is going to be Correia's last start for awhile.
Hope you have a wonderful and inspiring #Sunday everyone!
okay so i can't sleep.... so i'm up writing a post on tumblr...
Need 1 more picture for the contest!!
#ConfessionTime the pillows looking mighty comfy at this moment
Icing my knee and freaking over the match tomorrow :O
Check us out on Facebook let us know what ya think :)
#offline. This alpha needs her beauty sleep after a day of shopping.
When opportunity knocks, will you be ready?
#Allsmiles being around some1 cute and cant stop smiling
Pornstar in the stairway hello emily spencer
lol you really can. im gonna try to buy another one :) hahaha
But y MTV jams playing she get it from her mommy on mother day tho lol
Today (October 22) is National Archaeology day! What are your plans to celebrate and support new discoveries?
#FeelAlive Sell your home today, and have a fresh start!
Oh girl! Me 2 lol(insider)
Accumulated damage from the worst drought in our area's history will be seen in 5-10 yrs, reducing the environmental benefit of tree canopy
Is my favorite Swedish scientist with you?
sorry I was mad at you. Friends? Love you.
you must have had a happy ending last night
Commissioner Jim Schowalter says 318 million goes right to pay back schools
we are working very hard to improve aspects on the site. the dining and hotel side is making big moves soon!
Start a home-based business next year...repeat after me (twice): I CAN DO IT IN 2011! - I CAN DO IT IN 2011! Helene, www.thehome-office.com
My hair feels good
Your argument is invalid. (Never) try again.
UGH butter ball!
nice! RT Mention this tweet and recieve half off your lunch today! Ends at 3. Let's do this! One more reason to
Currently watching America's Book of Secrets on H2HD. This show rules. <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
wow. Ok I follow you now
stay tuned, as soon as it warms up :)
god damn you George Lucas. damn you to hell.
Hopefully getting my hair done tomorrow!
My problems won't go away
Done and RT'd
RT : win two show tickets for $100 donations and higher! Donate now at 258-6060
Great Stuff OBFS - Is the green Bride company something you started? That is really col
Carry couple wet wipes in case a bum try to touch me<U+E40C>
Back in my day we celebrated pi day more not weed day.
u guys killed it american reunion was the funniest movie i have seen since the hangover
Not an April Fool's joke: "relocated" my car w/o warning & didn't report new location to me or Found it after 2 hrs.
Who are you when I'm not looking?
:: Wisconsin OG Kevin Zeitler on phone with Bengals coaches now.
LOL u silly
lmao!!! I know 1 that 28 but we call her cheryl lol
NO! I don't want to sleep! ;~;
"I am a woman in process. I try to take every conflict, every experience, and learn from it. Life is never dull." -Oprah Winfrey
please be good to yourself! And keep safe! Love you!
TY to Necham Segal for this mornings broadcast www.nechamsegal.com
You should try Reno in the Winter; It works for me!
DJ Cooper's showing tonight that his range starts when he enters the gym - he is stroking 28 foot THREES! - Go Bobcats!
X-Asylum 30 Day Summer Shape Up Hybrid continues today. P90X2 - Base & Back
Current and graduates, help us get the word out that #dbualum has joined the Twitter family!
lmfao he's nuts.
Always smile Bro! Follow me! #BelieberBoy 2
waaahhh :(. Me and emmy are so boredd. Find a ride to comee see us
Aw Aw you to are so cute!!!! Haha
well not today, I downloaded too much. I need to take them all in lol
Yes I love being an actress!
Congrats on the speaking engagement at SXSW! Would love to meet you and get your thoughts on our web startup for families.
Its official I am on the FRESH PAIR OF NIKES TOUR. More info on tour dates comming soon.
Terrific discussion! Thanks to all &
Try using large thumbnail view for pictures. You can also use the Windows Fax Preview to view and delete pics.
I watch on a PS3 a lot. Wonder if it's only available on the website
We have two species: Those who want lots of people to follow them. And those who want to follow lots of other people. Which are you?
That's worse than taking the elevator up one floor!
At the Phoenix Expo. Way cool!
How's it? Don't know if you remember me but I wanted to send you some music, get your feedback.
I could just fall asleep !
A boss is a person guaranteeing we go'n Eat!
Take money TME the takeover illegal life style dropping on datpiff soon DM me for features
We will be at on Saturday to be presented with a charity cheque before kick-off. Give us a wave!
Too much time for Orton
Trying hard to figure out what this is, but I give up-what is it?
Dwight Howard was fasting!!!! So it was Jesus who told him to quit being an asshole
The Rocky Mountain Rollergirls won the National Championships in Chicago tonight! What a SPECTACULAR bout!
Nightcourt magistrate just OWNED the THP. They are returning to plaza immediately. "Public victory"
I agree: 2nd one
I asked for a slice of pepperoni pizza, they don't have any. I asked for a cheese slice, this bitch drops the last slice. Okay that's cool.
The male doves around our bird bath are strutting, all puffed up & showing off. It must be spring.
I kind of just want to hide under my desk and cry today. A few different reasons, none of them life altering. Sigh.
“If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have on your hands is a non-working cat.” <U+2015> Douglas Adams
RT I realized tonight that I can't hug women who are smaller than me without feeling like a bull dyke. "let's keep warm!"
c'mon LADWP you can find it... it's an address you can't really miss... look for the Grove then look down...!!! there it is, c'mon
I got a,few feat check them put also,leave comments on YouTube please. Appreciate it. Means,a lot to me.
Who needs beats!!?? Text me now! 9018645762
4703 goes out to the realest because he's always down to make moves. No questions asked.
Anyone else disappointed that #Apple didn't announce plans to buy a continent with their $100b in cash? Stock buybacks, so 2000's.
He who laughs last, laughs best, unless Fat Albert also recently laughed.
will you have your cellular device as well? (:
lol you suck, I had bottles and everything!
Jeff Stone giving his concession speech in Milwaukee County Executive Race.
A great night out! First Tuesdays w The Midwest Independent Film Festival premiere LAC DU FLAMBEAU this Tues!
The remotes and backlit displays are a nice feature with LYNX. Thanks for sharing the video!
Thanks broseph. I will bat those eyelashes.
I was 6 or 7 " : To pierce or not to pierce: that is the question. What age is okay for little girls these days?
im faded man wasuyp?
Those hot coral nikes that are everywhere right now remind me of a cross between pepto bismol and spaghetti puke.
It's Unfortunate that People try to Ignore the Connection Between God & Astrology...
you are the best. :) thank you!
I'm DEVASTATED that #JulietSimms didn't win schubie...might have to call in tomorrow.
garlic and sea salt on sprouts are also delicious!!
Day 6 of the picc line, day 4 at work. And feeling much more like myself!
Happy New Year to everyone
Bravo ACPA Trailblazing writers, directors, & performers! Special thanks to actor James Duke Mason for his help in the production.
Mother's Day. Watching Mamma Mia with my niece
- thanks. Appreciate it
Def. think unbalanced schedule would make it easier for some teams. SKC only plays Sea, and LA just once.
RT tss, lol Pass my bitch around like a blunt, eventually ill hit that shit again. * Kanye Laugh *
good morning :-) please follow my new twitter
Thank you love:)
I guess ill go to the work house. I wish i had a way to relax more lol
Haha that last tweet.
I said that #geekdepression might be exacerbated by the fact that we have different priorities and world doesn't always appreciate that.
Lets go baby lets go!!!!!
my bed is gonna get it, goodnight.
Awesome person to follow…
Safe And Sound By Taylor Sw1ft Or hunger Games Parody 1 Wanna Go By W1nter Spr1ng...
A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend
so it's official then... Chuck Colson has gone to be with the Lord... RIP. May the Lord raise up many more like him in this generation!
COME ON #NASHVILLE !!!
Where is the moment you needed the most. You kick up the leaves and the magic is lost.
hey can you email me your contact info at one of my reporters is working on an otakon story.
Here's authors/Fab Women & good 2know
That would be nice! To get to go on Ellen!! you will.. it will happen!
Hey Robinson! We love you here in Jerusalem!
It's good Grizz they came back on our ass, we gotta play better wednesday
I thought this was deep... "Your either a builder, or a destroyer" -from Russell Simmons Super RIch
Sad, but true. ": 10 year olds have a Blackberry, an iPad, a laptop & Facebook? When I was 10, I felt cool w my new markers."
Found out my friend is designing and working on her own line of clothing! So excited for her bright future!
I'm a flirt.
I give the 5 o'clock news an A+
a 6am phone call to me? haha
Mothersday tommorow going out to eat with my family
will return after his AFTRA lunch break LOL!
Thanks for the congrats --PC
:) is here 2 "encourage" us 2 B an uncomplicated woman. The ROAR from the W.I.L.D. women is awesome!
do you have an oovoo..?(:
me too!! Mine was a strapless and they made me leave I was pissed
staying home today. i don't feel good.
No. No. No. Who cut the feed? No. No.
What my texted me < ruined my damn day. -.-
It's going to be busy today!
Thank you Krista Blessed Fri ALL :)
i HATE the color purple, oh well sorry Justin Bieber but thats the UGLIEST COLOR EVER! Jus Saying
&: The elephant in the room is the giant flat-screen TV they gave us that we don't want. They don't understand not having a TV on purpose.
Good to have buddies with long history....brothas u know wont stab u up behind your back.
I saw a plugger on facebook with something up there and I saw you on twitter so I thought I'd ask.
Last day at el Centro!
I am not packing my camera for this trip because it has come to the point where my phone camera is better.
I run a small non-profit company that specializes in yelling obscenities at my neighbors after I've been drinking. Like to make a donation?
CLASS WARFARE: If min wage had kept pace with the rise in executive salaries (since 1990) the lowest paid workers would now make $23/hr
So according to Michele Bachmann our forefathers worked tirelessly to end slavery. Guess that's why they owned so many. Reeding b fundomenal
you need a picture
Probably good we skipped the walking museum tour today. Those were some nasty storms.
haha i'm here for you girly :)
There is something haunting about 's voice in "Dear God." You can almost feel the biting of anger and dripping sarcasm.
There will be another one too, I don't have any doubt.
~ Yo Bro, I know you're strugglin' Got to hv u look in to the benefits of Ganoderma Lucidum. Google it & u tell me! Prayers.
*"Is it bad," not "is it has." Stupid phone.
Steve would like to hear from you- give him a call today! 619.222.0119
we need to work on getting your stuff out here in Phoenix, Az
11408inc Vs. Common. Racial epithets and misogynist lyrics are the antithesis of 'helping people'.
Just let us see Jesus, and it will be enough. - Scotty Ward Smith
AGH. omfg. editing is so hard. :\
Horse names are freaking AWESOME. What would you name your Derby race horse?
Having you in my life has been more tears then smiles :( yet I don't have the courage to tell you to back off!!!.
What's the cure for a Murakami hangover?
Ladies Night is tonight!! Join us for our monster Tuesday night.
i never miss anything from you except your presence
MADISON, Wis. (AP) -- Russ Feingold is one of two WI residents tapped to serve as national "co-chairs" for President's re-election campaign
right! but I'm struggling the same. I think that rational arguments only get you so far when attempting to provoke change
My dreams are so perverted.
Driving in the rain on mountain roads of norCal. Reminisent Of british columbia.
Congrats on the new job!
Wait what again
Pretending to be important by taking Uber to SFO
wife packed me a good lunch today keeping it clean shes the best see her at her gym
hey girl! Let's get the waffle throw down in motion!
We're the only team that yells and1 for any shot
what's attendance been like this year outside of big games, like Heat?
I hate night. It's when I think about my biggest flaws.
Doris Lessing~ Laughter is by definition healthy.
Turkey dinner, rocking chairs on the porch with a cup of decaf, a few Seinfeld episodes, and a early bedtime. Thats a night at mom & dads.
I just want to go back to sleep..
I hope it provides a good service. :)
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS BITHCESS!!!!!
Sickest mash-up dj out there!
Rondo jumper for lead. CHUG.
was the ropes course...sounds like fun
Husband is back from Turkey tomorrow evening. I think Sunday is a perfect day for a book, some iced tea, and the beach. I hope he agrees.
Hospitals are not a fun place to be it feels like being in the show ER at some points
Just heard that Osama Bin Laden is dead!!
Versus Leviathan! and we WILL be doing interviews for both of them! Episode 4.7 will be out next week! Thanks guys!
yeah i had it for a while now n never gott it either but im just getting the hang of it...its kinda like tumblr
Hair is strong as a wire of iron. It rips after applying a force equivalent to 60kg, only after it stretched itself for about 70%.
Would like to know how much the S&P #downgrade was based on overall US #debt and how much was based on concerns re US govt decision making.
Dont let what you cant do stop you from what you can do !
Just how big is the beer that comes at the end of this day?
#YouKnowYouBlackWhen you use coupons for everything<U+FFFD><U+FFFD><U+FFFD>
Wishing the best for and the #CMDT Fire team down at worlds!
thanks for the re-tweet...I am re-tweeting ur re-tweet
She here bro running around the house
Make that and tied
Getting a head is nothing but a joke. But everytime I close my eyes. I see myself in paradise. No more worry or stress all day. The world
I love how I always think I can study while my laptop is open...
Congrats to #brogan on new clients: Capital Consultants dbs C2AE
What would I do without !?!
I'm away off this now, night xo.
It's more your contributions to pornography that makes people think that.
No vandy #rites12 talk? Worse than on paper?
Ask tweets today will be in support of . Three points today guys. you can do it!
good luck to and all of the boys who are leaving
OH TYLER MOON YOU SEXY BOO<U+2665>
Perserverance u sweat under your armpits. Leadership you sweat on your brow.
If we are to have magical bodies, we must have magical minds. -Wayne Dyer
XL 2-top Pizza $9.99 OR 12pc Chicken Wings $9.99 (choice of sauce) but MUST GET COUPON @ Pizza Shuttle Facebook page, dine-in deliv or p/u!
There's a segment on Marketplace tonight about kids needing to be prepared for kindergarten to be successful later in life.
Use of the iPad is intentionally optional for the docents -
#pssst still ranks as a suggested follow for Betty White, proof she's not fully relevant again.
you're gone for a week and I've already forgotten how to tweet you.
Temp right now: 61 degrees F. This is how August weather is *supposed* to be!
hey! ohh nothing. what about you guys?
Basketball game at 2 then with family all day after
What sick bastard thought it was a cool idea to have the winner of #TheVoice try to sing a tune immediately upon winning?!??
Thank you for the follow Susan!
Already putting up the white flag? :)
where we meeting tonight?
does captain meetings mean the same thing that it does at pville?
i'll tell u wen im sure yu love me "/.
Trying to stay awake...
#Biggest #thunder #sound just woke me and my #roommates up. And I'm #twitting about this because... -_-
Thanks so much - we really appreciate that! If in LA, come check us out at Fringe Fest on Sun. is awesome.
Teach me how to dougie...
To be inspired is great, to inspire is incredible! What inspires you to be great?
La La Land Bound!
It was freaking awesome!! I'm addicted as well. Keeping hope alive that they bring me back. Thanks for following!
This girl is damn lying, Idgaf what she says toe anymore. She could just take her ass home
I hate when fucking people try to start fights. Like really? Stop lying about shit faggot.
i've been stuck w. some things :/ .
watched cabin in the woods sober... thoughts?...
If you think it means they keep bringing you pasta until you slip into a carb-induced coma then you are correct!
awww haha u should be spoiled :) u deserve it luvie! :)
Yea I used to watch those to until Audrina got cancelled
Believe me, that happens a lot. I've also found it common on the rare occasions that cold calls get through to me as an exec.
fumble in the redzone by rodgers that you recovered on scramble - killed me - oh and that TE route haha
nothing says proletarian solidarity like highly absorbent and easily disposable paper towels. Marx would be proud.
RT : Next Semester I'm Playing No Games !
follow BACK NA!
We help you keep decisions focused within the context of the vision, mission & strategy of the company.
could you follow ? Shes really upset just now and it would make her day 10+ better!
What a year this has been! We're very happy to hear that things are starting to pick up again. We're hoping for the best in 2012!
Easter Egg Sour- (layered) Amaretto, egg lemon orange whiskey sour, red wine. Delicious, nutritious, and pretty! $5 happy hour, $8 after.
A lot of fat guys have been walking past my house lately.... xD
Just got back from New Orleans. The city is doing much better. I'm a fan, especially after watching Kermit Ruffins on the #HBO show Treme!
I Want A Real Boy.. Who Isn't Afraid To Take Risk's With me.. <3
It’s Eadweard Muybridge’s #birthday today! Check out the nearly 1,000 images of his work in ARTstor, including seldom-seen landscape photos!
It is way too early to start thinking about fantasy baseball, but I can't stop myself
Thanks for the follow!
I always try for carry-on but even I noticed that its basically free to check a bag at the gate... always found it kinda funny
Not going to get attached to guys like in the past but I think I have feelings for you
Can y'all tell I'm annoyed
Lake Michigan is stunning tonight. Wish I'd brought my instagrammer with me. Bradford Beach is PACKED.
People with goals succeed because they know where they are going.. It's as simple as that. Earl Nightingale
The way to Manage a Skid in an Entrance Wheel Push Car ...
started friend season 1
When does "Turn It Down" become available for download on #Beatport?
Getting active tonight w/ & ;)
amen I live here now and that's all I hear for freaking excuses Katrina
Thnx for following(:
club penguin ;D i owe you that hehee:)
Note that NYTimes Travel Section never advises going anyplace where art is not abundant.
Don't get holly because it's Sunday,You should thank God everyday for your blessings
him leaving would have been all over tv anyway
Every 40 seconds a child is abducted, 74% of abducted children are dead within 3 hours
Hoping the day will go better
On my way to the exclusive press junket with the cast, producers & creatives behind the magic of Stay tuned !!!
Right on! Did you guys try dessert? Churros, Flan...?
Say that again homie!!!! RT : Kobe will be hated if he wins or loses. I guess 5 rings will do that to people.
At #ucla football practice and Jerry Rice shows up.
Im like the worst person in the world :( I screw up everything. I might of still had a chance but i messed it up.
Excellent. Thanks!
My entire street just erupted in cheers with 's home run. I love #hampden for this.
My phone is now autocorrecting "publishing" to "punishing" every time. Blast!
#Louwillville always puts in work
Theh ighlight of the David Hasselhoff Roast for me was watching awkwardly apologize to during the next set
#DWTS dang... Len Goodman just ain't satisfied tonight, is he? If you're not perfect, he'll tear into you!! Bad form sir!! Bad form!!
Been watching Toddlers and Tiaras all day. Cannot get out of bed. I am lazy
BBQ sunflower seeds -- yum! Watermelons this year are good too!
Dajanique needa keep her clothes on !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I would argue that the last item is only significant in that it might correlate with higher levels of the former.
RT Layoff aversion emphasizes talent recapture--keeping skilled talent engaged in regional economy.
I did! I have seen her a bunch of times in MI when she with with Matt Kearney.
Google docs...create a google form where students can access and work just by sharing the link
Aren't you supposed to apologize when you make mistake? The #US did when it burned Qurans and now, talking heads say it was wrong. What??
For the second time now a hat I started the night with has disappeared
Triple chain gang you already know Mario, on my neck with Domo...(8)
Apparently I offended some bitches with my tardinal mothers tweet earlier. You should have done what UL does to UK...SWALLOW!
Don't tell me the sky is the limit when there are footprints on the moon.
gawd that was so freaking boring! But I'll draw some up tomorrow!
you should see my shoulders. And my back,, looks like I have my track uniform on lol
we need to hang out
and what song may that be?
"guys be quiet I'm calling my mom!" person in background: "PASS THE WEED!"
Shouldn't everybody have a broadcast studio in the next cube over?
Ha! That's great, cause I can do German immigrant so well (although the smell of sauerkrat cooking sort of turns my stomach).
Peace and quiet..
Cameron Wake has signed a 4 year deal with the Miami Dolphins that guarantees him $20 million and potentially $49 million.
This bitch had the nerve to tell me the grizzlies suck?!
another broken water main in Hollywood?
Hun, You don't get it.
Mark malloy gets recognition - from ice about pub stats
- just released podcast, find at www.ponderingpoker.com or on itunes.
Bryce Harper making his debut with Strasburg pitching? As a baseball fan, this is as good as an April game can get.
why did you use the studio vocals for the mtt video? Their live voices are perfectly fine, if not better.
Ellen's such a fish out of water!
sure:) followed!
Im pretty sure work will win though
Having the HDCAM master made for San Diego Asian Film Festival today. Thank you "The Product Factory" of Burbank for the special deal. :)
Feel disconnected from the wars and why we're there despite living in NYC on 9/11 . . . can't believe news about the Seal team.
Cuddy comes thru! Its definitely a hit parade today
O's photo will miss you. Always so kind in the clubhouse over the years. Good luck! -Billie Weiss, Asst. O's team photog.
awesome post!!
of course you caught the best part.
Busy day! Took a cooking class, now getting ready to furniture shop with Ry for his new place!
A women's right to vote is just 100 years old in Oregon, A preview of a new exhibit in PDX Live on KGW.
is that the official spelling?
i hope you find it, what you're looking for, and i hope it's everything you dreamed of, and so much moree
We're in Dallas this Saturday (10/22) playing with … For all your post-World Series Game 3 listening needs.
Should I tweet, Facebook, or Google+ ... Hm?
Stocked for your tailgate? Perhaps a little pre-11 a.m. tailgate with us here at blue's?
When parents gather to talk about parenting we realize no matter where we come from we all benefit from talking together.
Google+ account, spotify account...it's been a good day #jurydutyisgreat and
You don't need chunks of time for workouts to reap weight-loss benefits. We set up a schedule that works for you, & watch the scale drop!
: Take women's lacrosse to the intercollegiate level!
Power shopping secret...big yummy breakfast at the Blue Star!
Phenomenal practice this weekend. Sounding better than ever, and we can't wait to show off what we've been working on!
Dress rehearsal tomorrow, then opening night Thursday. Olympic Village Black Box stage.
al fun
20% off Pre-Theatre Dining when you mention "PlayBill" at blu Restaurant. Call Soon!
ROFLMBO Now that's a show I'd watch!!!
Now that the Academy Awards are over it's time for my second fav event of the night the 2012 All-Star game!
Also having it stick out so the compartment can't be closed and walking away is not a good strategy.
One more cigarette before I hit the shower. Not enough sleep gives me an excuse to drag ass as I see fit.
Some bad apples in the church.
It's air conditioned - plenty of shade - much more comfortable for bargain hunting! ;)
oh, there you go. It's nickynay, or something like that -.- well I'll probably come over Saturday. \m/ If I'm invited.... c:
Love your bike!
don't have phone sex you will get hearing aids.
I had a ? 4 the reprace. If ur over 18 to play younger do you target the youth division agents or adult division agents?
Nice blog. You made a good point.
is turning out to be a great supplement to the deep library of music we listen to around the office. Awesome #A+R opportunities.
Woke up last Monday with nothing scheduled for the week and ended up having seven auditions, including some huge ones. What's next week?
my husband
Reunited and if feels so god
Free beer samples this afternoon at Olsen's Piggly Wiggly in Cedarburg starting at 3:30! Cheers!
Which is worse, too much or too little of me?
Thanks! For a while, but our site is in Beta for another couple of weeks. We hope you check it out&build a profile!
JLos man on this Honey2 movie
When #caponizing a fowl, care must be taken that the testicle does not slip away among the intestines after it is detached.
Reading his text over and over because he is so dang sweet. (:
You ever read a text(s) then start laughing and think, "dang I hope no one's watching me." Yeah, that's how I've spent most of my evening.:)
what will ice cream sandwich look like on previous HTC phones?
So I'm ready to write an acoustic song with I think if we just spent a day writing, we could make something sick.
I'll be there there for the Christmas weekend. Cobbleheads Sunday??
now theres zombies.i dont understand whats happening,omg.
Im so done...
feels so good knowing you joined! thanks so much.
#Safeway employee intervenes to stop a customer from beating his pregnant girlfriend in the store. Safeway suspends him. WTH?
Missing glee for a band concert.. Ah.
We all want love
I've been waiting all night to find someone to believe in something I could get into I've been waiting all night to find a heart like yours.
oh I was about to go on a rant about it!
I just might believe you
Bitch ass Mayweather is bleeding
I KNO yah'll ain't in da same house tweeting on some don't be a menace type ish!!! Lol
Cleaning while jamming to always makes it better(:
Good Morning!
Last time I checked the calender, it's 2012
If you're looking to multiply your money, I suggest you pick up some shares of penny stock " LUSI.OB " Mark this tweet!
Just 45 minutes until Christmas break :)
its sad. 2 yrs of school and the NCAA not accepting none of it!
Styles? I know I know... O dios mio. Why peeps I <3, <3s chicks I don't <3 -__-
Aww congrats Austin!! so proud of you =)<33
wheels up Sea... Sacramento here I come...
I'm glad Dave and Rachael won The Amazing Race! :)
I been saying bang bang for the past 3 weeks
taking a mini break for a few hours from promoting on ,doing my laundry, listening to and reading APMAG.
Yay!my grandma is cancer-free thank u Lord for healing my grandma
is getting burned out on Words with Friends.
eatin ice cream cake
okay then
Can I change out of this uniform already?
cool! I'm working at this marketing company, think I'm going to stick with it. Loreal is a great company!
Getting kicked in the balls gives me a bigger hard-on than Viagra.
Tripped over a giant worm.
Oh": at my home boy house."
miss u at Spurs games. R u playing with Toros?
Some tall dude with a beard just walked in. WHOA IT'S !!
I'm up in North Miami, 10min. from Aventura, If my schedule is to be down south I'll ring ya.
Through #sadatforum Dr. Jehan Sadat honors the late Anwar Sadat's legacy as she works for peace around the world.
if u driving I'm on 79th and the redline u can come pick me up
Noo Ducky can't die :(
My money longer than china wall
Hi ! Thanks for following. We're excited to share stories and updates with you and to see you at #Cuts4aCause next weekend!
Indeed you are! That's what we're made of though - can't stop, won't stop! :-)
Hello, new leader.
Nuggets looking poopy :(
its Vanessa if you forgot who i am lln
Hapoel Tel Aviv takes a 2-1 lead on goal by Igeabor, Haifa looks to be continuing it's State Cup drought... Plus no Europe for Haifa
RT : RIP. RT Jim Huber recently diagnosed with leukemia. Brought to the hospital Friday; died today. A man liked by all.
eating watermelon gummie bears
Feel free to kill me now.
us too, I mean obviously we will pick somewhere cheap if we don't know but if we do know then mayyyybbeee
Thanks for the #FF!
Thanks to everyone who joined us at the Art Run last week! It was a *lot* of fun! We still have t-shirts if you'd like to buy one.
So I'm at the Blue House sub shop and the service is pretty horrible
When National Media tries to take a surface level stab at things they have no clue about on a local level, I get all types of pissed.
I can't wait <333
The spaces between your fingers are meant to be filled with mine
If there is no joyous way to give a festive gift, give love away. - Author Unknown
Eh. Not sure I could stay awake for such a thing, but I appreciate the thought.
Jan. 13 is presented by and get ready for raffle & prizes …shortsatsbjan2012-eorg.eventbrite.com
...hey J..what are you up to?
Pretty as a picture
Ok, who wants to put together a dramatic reading night? I will host at
Lol I'll give u the link later, they're coming tomorrow.
goodnight my twitt friends
I forgot u sucked my dick stupid bitch
boy. you so craazay.
8 flavahaz is only still on ABDC cuz of that Angle girls story about her mom. They just need to leave
That sucks. How's it looking after the ice down?
When does it start?
You're the best thing I never knew I needed <U+2665>
- this reminders me of a bumper sticker idea I had, "Towers will be violated"
Neat! What's your pinning name? I'm rooibosqueen.
White blank page reminds me of ;o
A mixture of Massage acupuncture and chiropractic care can help prevent pain,sickness,and injury. Start preventing today at two suns massage
Thanks for the RT. Hope you have a wonder-fuller Friday!
no it's not, I mad I can't play ball today
Thinking back on all the worthless tears I shed over him. I know I can do better and I know now I have better. Thank you...
text me ._____.
I am so proud! Go #Michigan, #miunion #p2 #EM #EFM #Detroit. #Snyder has nothing but contempt for the people.
nuts, right!?
Don't go knocking on heaven's door. Ring the doorbell and run he hates that! (thanks to Brett Jones)
On now, music from the talented
Thanks for the RT!
Still in rehearsal and it going good. A lot to learn though. Choreography
America would be a much happier place without meter maids. Stop spreading misery and get a real fuckin' job.
Want to know how to carry yourself like the "World's Most Interesting Man"?
So Excited to see Avengers Friday! (: <3
that music from #korranation comes from , enjoy! :)
But, how do I tell him I like him when I doubt he knows who I am... /:
When posing, make sure to differentiate ur arms & legs w/asymmetrical poses. If 1 arm long & straight by ur side,make sure the other is bent
#youknowwhenyouhaveproblemswhen you rage out to trance music in the shower
Panel 4 is beginning and the room has cooled down so come on in and grab a seat!
Are you dropping on me the titles of cool plays I can't get my hands on? Drama tease!
will DM more details if you follow back? Thx!
Q: Why did the banana go out with the prune?A: Because it couldn't get a date.
Resorting to WebMD to figure out what is wrong with me
In conversation, humor is worth more than wit and easiness more than knowledge
bout to be Rachel in already training physically, wont have a choice but to give me the role
Tired af, is it summer yet
why do i hav ths wen im never on it??
Air conditioning on Saturday, making a fire on Sunday.
Naw! Just crank up Jimmy Buffett - Cheeseburger in Paradise and enjoy the ride!!
are you playing tonight?
Edmonds scientist is a birdwatcher with purpose
I should not be driving alone...
you know u want to put that cap & gown on. Lol.
Happy birthday!
Really good, wednesday I'm finding out if I'm having a boy or a girl
Karen Zacharia- Verizon: Without consumer trust, they won't use any of our products (w/AT&T, Microsoft).
lol oh i bought sweatpants i got the black nd blue ones.. u wanted blue&grey rightt?
My man mr kazoo
Reggie Watts on Comedy Central.
Who says you are the Mambo prince, princess, diva? Salsa prince, princess? There is only one Mambo King: Eddie Torres.
THANK YOU for kicking ass this week!!! Paper chasin', tell that paper, "Look, I'm right behind ya"
halftime shows are usually pretty lame, it's good to see a real baller out there to give it a little validity
Tweet us your favorite clubs in Boston
ATEC/EMAC showcase is on 4/20/11. Deadline for entries is 3/23! If you've got ideas, you want in on this. More details coming later today!
my thoughts and prayers are with you and your family at this time!!
Look bubbles, go back to ya habbitaaaat. <U+E405><U+E050>
<<< uuuuuhhh, it was Tuesday :)
Great sports weekend, NFL playoffs, first full field PGA Golf tourney, and the start of the first tennis major of the year. Remember MLK.
Atl autism walk on May 20th let's show these kids we care
“: Hi Shaun” He has to love this.
Send me a ticket
This headache has been getting worse all day.. my stress level <<<<<<<<<<<<
yes keeping my fingers crossed! :) x
Mayberry got glove
have you performed hip hop yet?
A guy can meet 10 girls , fuck 9 , talk to 8, laugh w 7 , run behind 6 , like 5, go out with 4, get used to 3 , kiss 2 , but only LOVE 1 <U+2665>
Oh hahha it does!
sweet!!!!! How have things been?!
Come on Florida get it together!
she could someday just needs more time its not easy to win a championship nobody will match what did
Fuck that old shit. I'm on new things.
Okay, just got home. The stream goes live in a couple of minutes.
None of which is as important as the lives & livelihoods around the world & at home that are threatened tonight, obvi. Just.... man.
Who are the #politico talents to watch in #USpolitics? According to John #Gizzi: #Hailey in SC #Toomey in PA
DURARARA!! IS ON NOW
Won't watch next season- too sad to watch phenomenal talent voted off
*headdesk* Nevermind. It helps to actually, y'know, log in. (And check that power cord!)
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with guess on it. So I said implant
Relaxation CDs - Welcome to the Greatest Relaxation CDs Store on the Web! Including Guided Relaxation CDs, Brainwave CDs, Nature CDs......
I'm doing a cover of it and putting it on youtube :)
Paolo Ventura : The Automaton of Venice closes today!
OOH MEE I AM I AM IM AWAKE.....Z *dead silence*
At the end of the day, and at the end of the night, the truth is there's no truth in sight...
Ssshh! I prefer to think of it as freelance surveillance.
Had a great talk with the lovely Current Gallery today, be sure to check out their current show C A R T, up until the 4th of September :D
Its no longer a mistake, now its a choice.!
What a passive aggressive punk. Taking pics of something that annoys him for a yr w/o saying a thing & then gets snooty with my wife.
Listening to classical music? Haha
A beeper huh?
The road to success is always under construction.
Say this out loud: Alpha, Kenny, Body.
with sincerity "new semester, new me"
Oh my lord Luke Bryan and on the #BACHELORETTE I'm a happy camper
follow me
dilemma or opportunity?!
Cage the Elephant writes some pretty deep stuff. It's crazy how true their songs are.
Making a video about Senegal to present to the French club. I miss my host family so much! :(
Ok, we have a Colombian on the show. The Diversity Judges say he counts.
note there was no quotation marks. LOLOLOLOLOL. FAGGOT.
The Globe is no more, Twitter endures. "All real living is meetingzzzzz' (Martin Buber)
Oh, Robin (my GF) told me about this. Wow, I didn't know it was the same thing.
Can you please Follow me? You're gorges.
During a tough workout, power through by asking yourself if there's anywhere you'd rather be. Odds are you're happy to be working so hard!
“: Had the BEST time with last night ! Thanks for having me !” we LOVED having you!!!
Caught you guessin' Hopin' i might give you my blessin'.
I GOT DAT WET WET WET WET WET WET WET WET!
are you raelly justin ? like foreal are u liening because like on my other account am gonna ask him if he has any secret acount
I know
Happy Birthday, Ms. Brandy!! Pop them Bottles Safely and have fun!
has my market comments for this correction. Don't buy the dips. CNBC keeps looking for the bottom. Amazing. The bear lives
I don't think it was me... But maybe it was. Um...
thanks for giving us an amazing season. You deserve the scoring title
I want to break your fucking face
Morning mama-bear! Have a good day, sweets!
These young niggas are for real! it's like playing with those young kids from the playground.
When asking our kids how they can show leadership one friend said "you can help someone up when they fall on the playground"
A rainy sky is an invitation to fantasy.
Packers find out their schedule today. Heck yea.
Lunch with the Library, followed by a presentation about
If we paired this with a traveling exhibit, would it be a beer crawl?
Earned a gold for my group I solo! First drumline show later.
I think she finally learned how to use twitter
thanks man!, appreciate that you always reply(most of times).
A plan will be like your ticket to start the business and will guide you throughout your journey
doz both mine
Don't forget to stop by our First Friday Book Sale on May 4th from 4-8 p.m. at the Friends of the Library Building.
hey twin, ur not following me back on instagram. Do u not use it much?~
Awe I know :( It's bittersweet, but I'm ready to get out of here. Time for a change
After I get comfy in my pjs my brother an his gf are forcing me to the movies .-. Da fuq
hm..haven't been there in a while either..how long before u touchdown??
that was the brightest light ever
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage. -- Lao Tzu ()
totally dead. Terdell Middleton is rolling over in his grave #waitishestillalive?
Is anyone else having trouble opening PDF's from the web?
Ck'ed out Stanley Clarke & Darryl Johns last nite @ Blue Note NYC. Yea, bass players!
do it big my man!
Damn, worlds collide.
fucking excited for tomorrow though... rockin!
Best thing I can do at home is take a
i find inspiration at the beach. where do you feel the most inspired?
Oh shir is fighting with people over the Internet a record 1 millionth time. Still looking to break his winless streak.
Here at ready to purge!!!
nervous.... i don't want to present :(
Sick of sentimental #CivilWar stories? Read gritty "GENERAL HOOKER'S GAL" CathyLLogan. $2.99 Amazon/kindle Whores in camp, Hooker's command
No! I don't do spiders! O_o. Especially hairy ones;
Everybody Hates Chris!
“: WANT TO WATCH MLBTV ON A FREE iPAD? What's your FAVORITE team? Answer for a chance to win. Oh, and use #MLBTV st Louis cards
you had a lot of moments that didn't last forever Now you in the corner tryna put it together
We've concluded that, yes, that is 's minivan.
Has social media's involvement in the Arab Spring been over hyped?
Netflix movie is scratched >:(
Great job today, Sheri- I know you were scared, but things are definitely going to change for the better! We're Proud of you!
So the #NHL suspends Giroux for 1 game, but Ovechkin gets 0 games for a head shot despite being a repeat offender.
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. - Thomas Carlyle
we don't know? We'll look into it
Choosing between standing up for what's right, and between bullying.
Coffee is what brought Brazil into WWII.
If we all just did what we knew was right, we'd all be living in paradise.
I love it when I get mail addressed to "Ass Asserson." Especially when it's Reader's Digest.
And something that I imagine played a not insignificant role in who we are today....
QUOTES: Attitudes are contagious. Are yours worth catching? _Dennis and Wendy Mannering
You're a juggler!??!? I hereby request a demonstration performance at the Monday Meeting next week. :)
Q7 not yet! I cant wait for hubby to get some form of gray cuz Ive been goin gray for a while now!
I can't believe it's been two years since I joined twitter. Time flies....
I think you'll find it's classed as a scarf :)
Everyone I see you on my timeline I have to say your name like when Niall does his X-Factor voice
Lindsey, slurry made of what? splenda and fluticasone? or something else?
Thanks Chicago WVON Radio for keeping the people abreast of what's really going on!
Off to 's Mary Poppins with some of my favorite Cast Members!!
I'm gonna put a curse on you and all your kids will be born completely naked. - Jimi Hendrix
pretty positive my dreams foretell the future.
Is Dwight the worst player on the floor?
chocolate is good. the end.
when i get back from school i get 5 days off :D
“: I know this one song...it's called southern thing? You should hear it ;)” hmm.. I'll check it out! Sounds familiar
How taxing your favorite bottle beverage could help Baltimore schools...details at 4:30a on GMM
that's nice to advertise. Lol now you're gonna get a bunch of creeps commenting on this
what are you doing after you graduate
don't talk to me about the Duchovny painting - WHICH ALSO MYSTERIOUSLY DISAPPEARED I MIGHT ADD. Getting more suspicious...
I really thought it was just going to be an image of the word "No."
COMMENTATORS DIDNT KNOW THEY WAS ON THE AIR LOL
Sons of Anarchy?
Hi Claire, and thanks for connecting! I'm making my way through your posts. Technology is not my forte, these are so helpful!
Unless my data usage changes drastically, I'd be happier to pay $30-35 for a single shared 2GB plan.
Three days until the annual MS walk at Warner Park in Madison. Come out Sunday morning and support the fight against multiple sclerosis!
I love BVB y'all are amazing
France set a record for its wine and spirits exports with more than 10 billion euros in 2011, a 10.5 percent annual increase. Via AP
I posted it in the Golf Fitness pro group on FB, is Jim on Facebook?
Ben: "How far are we going to take this?" Courtney: All the way to the honeymoon suite.
RT : the way the relationship was (sorry not a person)
if you are interested in being part of our online store hit us up at
A hennessy I.V. would be nice
It's a process brother, set a new bedtime and consistently aim for it, good luck.
Someday when we travel somewhere where they have it, we'll try it!
Today's one of those days, where I just wanna drown myself in a good book.
RT : p'sshhh. When has that not been true, Mr. Busy? ;) <= Been realizing that I'm a terrible friend. Area needs improvement.
My account was hacked, so my apologies for spam
I hate talking on the phone.
yeah our office is like two blocks away. :)
This laker game is soo intense :-)
I actually follow like 1300
Lots of airhorn blasts coming from Civic Center Park now. guesses right: It's take your kid to work day.
Very exciting! We are getting merchandise as well ;)
don't make her no more :(
me too! Pretty awesome though!
We need a record deal!!!
"control your WHOREmones mom" -
only pros like me know how to do it!
how often do you get Cal?
No one really ever wins an argument. Choose your words wisely...
Unless they don't like you, which you probably shouldn't have said it in the first place..
I'm going to go ahead and warn you about me....ppl say I am awesome :)
3 hours to kill before my next final... prlly should be studying... but i think I'm going to look up music 2 add to my ipod instead.
Uncorking the First DC Wine Week
Dude. You could bounce a quarter off of 's cleavage.
RT : Several new Google Refine reconciliation services for taxonomic databases by
im good now im home <3 thanks for caring
Go 2 BED ,
ignore a guard
Ah, cd unbroken is out!!! Im gonna go buy it!! :D
"this is la familia--I'll explain later"-- ----
haha that's so funny love it!
If only I could go! AND OK
106 days till graduation!!
Are you a creature of habit? If so, what is your go to Daily Grill menu item?
Workflowy is absolutely awesome, browser tab that kept open daily!
Community Calendar - The Doings Oak Brook
Gradual clearing.
okay I'll be hear i get off at 6pm
U GET MY MESSAGE HOMBOI?
Somebody said I have negative energy around me
The winner of our Black Keys Ticket Giveaway will be announced tomorrow. You can enter to win on our Facebook Page!
listening to cameos of love with and Al Shillah...www.cameosoflove.com
& he tried to make it seem like i was trippin all the time , nah nigga i knew what you was up to & I told him ima catch him .
RT "Every time you #smile at someone,it is an action of #love, a #gift to that person,a beautiful thing." -Mother Teresa
well we will go out there soon enough. :)
Congrats on a great event last night!!! Very sry I cudn't be there, but I've heard great things :)
Arrest UC Davis Police Lt. John Pike. Resign UC Davis chancellor­, Linda P.B. Katehi.
I need to learn to believe in it again...but how?!?
If you don't shut up about wanting a damn hamburger, I might punch you in the face.
i dont get it
How does not know where the #youthjail stands? I know. She should too.
Michalko summary: discussions around services we should or could be offered ; values; cultural boundaries and imbedded values.
Hello weekend only off today and tmw then long weekend next weekend booooooyaaaaaaaaa
Thanks Amanda, they are much appreciated.
Do you still hate Twitter? HA!!!!
I admit it, I've got a pretty big smile on my face.
Knicks gone get swept probably
yeah. Idk what the deal is.
Thanks much I was in Cuba with Nat Geo
Anyone interested in volunteering at the DTD booth at Club Rush on Friday between 10-2?
Oh my gosh. Today turned out great.
I'm hungry.
True, but why not jump at the chance to enjoy some chocolate?
haha. With big pointy ears and a awesome heeehaaa yell
Last night's event was incredible. We want to thank everyone who attended/donated/participated. Pictures to follow...
#ItsHardToNot do crack cocaine
RT : BEAUTIFUL SIGN LOL!"LET'S GO ANDY MURRAY... RODDICK" and the name murray is just crossed out :D
So, we dissected a clam. A clam. It was pretty exciting stuff.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
The only thing going through my mind is that scene from The Dark Knight when the Joker mysteriously says "and here..we.......go."
#Revelation: I thought I adored you, and at one point I loved you but in the end I fell out of love ...I fell out of making you my all.
Instagram: josh_no_drakebell, I will follow you back!
resolved: start all office hours by asking "Who sent you? WAS IT THE ROMULANS?!?!?"
Oh my word yes so much fun! So young at heart miss her everyday but more during ball season
This is good! I'd forgotten just how corrupt and inept Ronnie's admin was. World class crookedness!
"In distress you called, and I delivered you; I answered you in the secret place of thunder." Psalm 81:7a
and I've got enough beers that I can share one with a fellow SF Sconnie if you wish!
Day of the underdogs. Wow.
Get to leave wrk at 4
So many #TopCharities in #Miami. #GetInvolved w/
Good morning ^.^
So I'm watching Colombiana and I have to say... Zoe Saldana is one hot piece...
working on more! Coming soon, promise :))
what is all this damn honking for?! unless you about to lay out a baby bitch, please shut the fuck up.
No clue. I just wish it would stop twitching... it's making me twitchy all over!
#TCU has answered the #Baylor 26 unanswered points with 25 unanswered points of their own to take a 48-47 lead late in the 4th
Way to start us off today
That is the true issue.
RT The world cares very little about what a man or woman knows; it is what the man or woman is able to do that counts.
And this is exactly why I have major trust issues..
Chapman may be forgetting the racial troubles being perpetrated in Europe by those secular governments against muslims and Africans
I'm glad we all agree that "Reckoner" is Radiohead's best song. Wait, we do, right?
Casually just registered for classes on my phone
So tired. Gonna take a nap.
: Ooh, a big fave of ours. Enjoy the movie. *swoon*
end of Mass Effect 3. Did I like it?
Wearing stretchy pants to make room for final dinner tonight.
M BBQ ribs. And I'm with fam...I'm happy!
Just added a comment to your post. Let me know if I'm crazy or not LOL!
It's at least light outside now, when I walk to the bus stop...
yea I bee in the studio every weekend and I work with my dad you know he got hos own business
hospin the rapper. He dint get that big but he was bigger in 2009-2010 listen to sagg my pants by him.
Apollo Global Management Announces Successful Completion of Its Acquisition of Great Wolf Resorts
my work here is done ;-)
Fair exchange is not robbery. Continuous output with no return is stupidity. Stupidity can be corrected. I stand corrected. Fair warning!
stfu light bright
Ashley is stuck in traffic, therefore she is running late. Y'all hang tight and there will be a wonderful wine tasting in a bit.
Baseball folks: if u had a time machine, what old school pitcher would you bring to the present to face Bryce Harper? My pick: Pascual Perez
BlacksClub thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I hope all is well with you and yours!
please show me and the video when your done! :)
There you go Yates! Do that!
sounds like a plan.
What is wrong with Twitter? I just signed in and it tells me that I have reached my hourly usage limit - after not tweeting for days? WTF?
Ran into a guy wearing a UMaine Black Bear hockey jersey in New Orleans today. From Orono originally.
Moving Day.
This girl text me and said I put on in the club the other night. I text that dumb bitch back and said I do this year round!
Hi Rob, I work for AEXP. We have cardmembers who want to pay their Stream Energy bill with. Who do I talk to about it? Tks!
Voice training work..these warmups are hard. Red leather yellow leather green leather purple leather.
": You can't know Him and doubt Him.#BishopHuttonWood#FB" A to the Men!
Hey, no problem. We are all in this together!
We live not in an accident, but in a Great Intention; the details of which theologians have argued since ages past.
Our teacher told us we could highlight anything we want so i got up and marked him with my highlighter <3
it was nice seeing you and Annie too. Definitely. See how your week looks and I'll get a hold of you mon
Seriously. If you didn't leave yourself enough time in the am to cut your nails, wait until bedtime. Doing it on the train is not OK.
and are the best <333
sure followed, follow back
Thank you for the RT!
Hey , I was hoping you'd weigh in, my very thoughtful friend!
How you act & what u say to people does affect them. You think it's a joke but to them, it isn't. When you realize that, it will be to late.
no more Bored to Death? That is unfortunate. Loved it while it lasted.
...but QR codes INSIDE the book are more successful...17K scans for The Timeless Swing.
be careful man. I think bud light owns the right to the phrase "here we go," I wouldn't want you getting sued
Had a good listen to the with guests , , & But who was belching right into the mic?
im unfollowing you because all you talk about is how bacon is good and how you are a drunk #wheresthejokes?
and funny thing you and me have the same name:)
There's an AWESOME cold green bean & pesto recipe in the Bookman Boys cookbook! I use it as a summer salad.
#FollowFriday Here are some people I have mad respect for
Why does our culture idolize Hollywood stars? I know so many more intelligent & beautiful women (on the inside & out) right here in Seattle!
Happy Mother's Day. I pray it's a blessed one! Ms. D
Can't wait to see that!
You have awesome NorCal running, so I think we're even! (We have a couple more elements to shoot--aiming for air next week)
Dad showed us the photo of the dog balancing a can on his nose. Wish we had noses so we could do that. Still working on sitting!!
Did I mention FREE worldwide shipping????
When you misspell on a tweet <<<
Follo<U+03C9> NHRA top fuel Racer <U+272B> <U+272B> Founder of <U+272B>positive <U+2665>
Top Story: Mitt Romney'e bank account reveals he spent thousands on Hair Gel
Ah, and Ernest Borgnine (sp?), right
can't wait for Texas to come to Morgantown!!! Are we playing with some passion today? How are we looking?
well don't go to Tmobile their phones are the worse. I was getting new phones every 45 days
I was at the ending
Cooke: community organizations should not work separately
More Kinnikinnick arugula pesto, onions,etc lavender honey oh yeah!
thanks darling! You are such an amazing friend, xoxo
Those birds that woke me up at 7 am, also shit on my car this morning. Awesome.
Hi : Found you through Would love to read some of your short stories
The burgers at the snack shop on Surf side beach are amazing!
Dog lovers don't work in libraries. (At least not in the same numbers as cat lovers.)
We are being enchanted at the Enchanted Forest.
Mismanaging stupidity is very costly - form good habits!
Thank you...for your support and introducing us to #FF!
They won't miss you when you are gone. They will only miss you once you've moved on.
Twisting at The Hilltop Steak House Rt 1 Saugus, Ma. Thursday night from 5:30-8:30 Pm. Kids meals only $2.95! Come in and Visit!
J.K. Rowling, of 'Harry Potter' fame, announces publishing deal for adult novel
glad you liked it. Be sure to follow too :)
should look at his DM
is it Friday yet?
The winner is: (Drum Roll Please!!) CONGRATS!!! You won a $25 visa gift card along with samples of azap! How does that sound!
YOUR NOT MY MOTHER
My sister named it Jonas. hahaha
RT : By 2013, 47% of the US Workforce will be 36 or younger. -US Census Bureau
I'm not an expert but they seemed pretty good. :)
Hi! For those of you here, that have me on myspace, i will let you know, that i had to cancel my account, and start over due to these nasty
aww that's great
Where the heck did empathy go?!
Take a break from this, i be on later.
Why do people ruin the internet like Facebook and stuff with spam. Just cuz you like a photo doesn't mean your gonna save there life.
dude that class.. #sigh it wil never be the same, she said Denise and I are her only hope this year
You are just too sweet ;) Happy Friday, love
For once in your life you don't get what you want and you ruin everyone's day? Seriously?
After seeing the orange slide in the #MLBFC I so want to be there.
*sigh* I really want to watch Bridget Jones but the language isn't exactly appropriate for little ears.
Setting up Aruba & Battle at the w/
Not even gonna lie just felt pretty bad ass on the back of my dads Harley
Is angelina preggers again? She looks like she's gaining weight.
I'll take "things I don't miss about Chambana" for $500, Alex.
Pissed off now.
now you can't discount limited action in majors AND lengthy career minor league numbers, can you?
Dating Tip 9: If you're gonna hit on my friend on Facebook, at least do it in a message and not on his Wall!
RT : glad this Dodgers press conference started with Mayor Villaraigosa and Councilman Reyes. That's who we all came to hear.
Secretary Clinton steadfast offering of respect and diplomacy strengthens are relation w/China & the world! TBR
Outdoor ice hockey in California? Believe it.
Nice ride by Taylor Phinney.
Omg I can't wait till college
Omg this man just got hit by a car ouch..
Today was a good ass day!
Working on my SLIS Orientation & learning about grad school's 3:1 ratio for recommended study time, 6cr-hrs=18hrs of study/wk
: juss txt me
Do penguins have knee joints?? Or is their whole leg just a stub? #deepthought <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A7>
let me get a good look at your app! :) Instagram
Going through hard times might be the best things that happened to me.
Gills trying to warn me :)
they ever put up that battle yet??? Smh
Last day of work for the week. Buffalo tonight, Florida in the morning!
you're not curvy, you're just fucking fat.
RT “: on the hunt for William Gay's The Long Home, Nick Flynn's Some Ether, & Tracy K. Smith's Life On Mars #justread”
The New Information Professional "provides valuable information that’s specific, detailed, and actionable," says Infonista blog.
How brilliant! Had no idea! Thanks, Richard.
Rain or Shine Coffeehouse on 60th & SE Division is new to the neighborhood and serving our tea! Tip: try their unbelievable carrot bread
I love you cheers!!!
Bam. Nailed. Will do RT You totally nailed it. The team at should be very proud of you. Enjoy lunch! -Ben
Average click through rate online is 1% - 3% but great is 3%-5% - Strive for Great!
Sounds sweet to us! RT: : will you be joining us for a scoop of Summertown?
Found a DVD with the Lord of the Rings soundtrack. In Turkish. There is nothing more magical than office cleaning at Nat Geo.
I said earlier today that Westbrook would avg 30 a game in this series... I should have said 40
what's yo digits? my phone deleted all my contacts.
awww you're making me blush! (and wondering if you're being sarcastic lol)
Of pipe-cleaner chairs: Can be used for chairs in a dollhouse, display items or as chair for pipe cleaner stick figure people to sit on.
Desirable Mag is a luxury fashion magazine. Come check out our site desirablemag.com
Happy Easter everyone, I hope you all have a blessed day <3
Just beat my traffic ticket case with the officer present left the court room with a big fuck you smile
thank you for helping us get our message out theFilm!
J sotomayor asks if #SB1070 allows arrest of tourist who overstayed visa for 1 day.
RIP Steve Jobs - What an amazing story.
Yall didnt believe me when i said Rondo was gonna go off did you? :)
Support Local
S/O 2 thanks for the follow
The only thing sadder than doing nothing with our lives, is spending our time watching others on TV do the same.
Manchester United who employ the man Jonny Evans and couldnt even beat Basel, are probably the Champions.
ah haha... don't be mad cuz u got beat by a girl! Lol. Def need to hang soon!
help me Jesus!
"Marriage requires a person to prepare 4 types of 'Rings': Engagement Ring Wedding Ring, Suffering, Enduring."
What do you call a computer that can sing? A dell.
a running store in cincinnati
So who's the lucky lady???
You know it's bad when my brother thinks you're being a stupid bitch!
you and the
Arkansas has Bama on the ropes. It's 20 to 7. There's still plenty of time remaining. Is this one over yet?
by the way after busting out my new clubs on Sunday I'm stoked to go hit a course
Over 5000 followers now. Follow
I agree. Memphis is a basketball city!
yes, danah is correct. I am on the WEF Rethinking Personal Data project #wef #personaldata. Nice to meet you too.
Today, my skin would benefit from __________.
Hm, what to do what to do? Sit at home? Poker? ?
I'm at the courthouse right now
yea, i liked his weapon
it's not too late to drive!
Anyone else in #Boston next week for ? Cocktails might be in order.
I'd rather be alone than unappreciated or unloved ... with that being said...
tonight our freinds Before the Satellites are playing the House of Blues in Anaheim tickets are 10 bucks and they play at 10:45. hope...
R N THE STUDIO AS WE SPEAK!!!!
Just copped two prints & two t-shirts from the amazing Sad I couldn't get my hands on the Rotary Signal Emitter EP though...
Change is good, but not all change, only the spare kind...
the same
aww shucks - wishful thinking :-)
So all of a sudden I can't use Facebook as my Page. Anyone else encounter this?
I think its totally acceptable to call oneself a banjo guru, though.
This day is going to kick my behind.........snore....
time for practice. a ton of shows coming up in april - y'all aren't ready.
When my computer decides to be a slow jerk! #YeahILoveThat. -.-
I'm having trouble targeting dijit.form elements from selenium. Anyone know what the right way to do that is?
Also coming up April 28th is the indie fest! Come check me out as well as other artists!
#Herzliyaconf the iranian change thinks there is not the 'stomach' for these tools.
Thanks for all the RT's today..great sessions, really enjoyed the conference.
sure! where do I send it? also, how can I get songs on SC to be playable on my choir's FB page? That's what I was trying to do.
RT : Gorgeous day in SF! Thanks for the walk and chat //back at you! Gr8 company and view.
Reason # 1,234,765 why I love my BF.....he helps older ladies in wheel chairs empty their carts at grocery stores!
When I see your face it brightens my day. LOL JK it makes me laugh.
Where are all these strip clubs with buffets
This year determined a lot of shit, for me.
ugh... My heart is so heavy :( so thankful her daughter is here with you all xoxo
soon man... Unfortunately my MacBook got water spilt on it and it's a little iffy so Im tryin to get it to a better state
That awkward momet where you are eavesdropping on a stragers conversation and accidentally laugh out loud at a certain part
bitch excuse me, im looking for some pussy.
I really don't haha
Hot Chocolate's location tomorrow will be in Rancho Bernado on 11000 via Frontera! Cross street is W Bernardo Way. Near Broadcom, Sony & BAE
y'all aren't tagging Tyler. "holmes" has two s's on his name. ahha.
Forgot how much of a JAM 'Matchbox 20- Hang' is. Yup, I'm getting old
omg i would fuck josh in a heartbeat. UNF.
Today is Mother Mary's birthday. Incredible that such a humble, loving person was born on this day and said yes to being the Mother of God.
I'm fumbling through my reading for the week, fumbling through my life.
I'm beginning to worry about the high-hanging fruit - nobody ever seems to want it.
a little sexist eh? ;)
Completely exhausted but my mind won't shut off. It's spinning 'round like a hamster in a wheel.
What's wrong with thesis?
Kehinde was at work 3 hours ago & doesnt have internet on his phone so he was #hacked RT >
Victory Loves Preparation!
Tehran example shows the foregrounding of political protest (implication that we need to pay attention to this; interp comes next)
When we lose control, we gain everything - JW
#mke Looking for a freelance designer to make a corporate presentation look amazing. Know anyone?
ahah yay (: tell me what it is and i'll follow youu
I ain't hating i don't need hatorade. #memories <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
thanks for the RT.
Good day to u Pres!! Quick question how many bcaa's to take when hungry in between meals and snacks?
Ladyfact o' the day from a medical text: "The vagina is called a 'potential space;' that is, it's not a space unless something occupies it "
Congratulations from all of the USF Supporters here in Tampa! You guys got a really great guy in !
I wonder... what if facebook bought opera, and made it the facebook browser?
Save the date! Screening at #Evanston #Illinois library (just N of #Chicago) on Jan 7 at 2pm & 4pm. (Full details soon.)
Well then at least get it right. You're on teatering between clean and prudish sweetie.
San Diego we really appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Haha! Nope, but one of the girls from the show is one of my best friends :)
hahah! Well you are mexican! & oh yeahh how much was it? I need to get money from the bank -___-
You wanna see a bad movie? Watch Mister Lonely.
Jhumpa Lahiri has a new novel coming out. Can't wait.
Thank you for bringing awareness to Orphan Diseases like EE. How about doing Cystic Fibrosis next? =)
Yes, that was me who just typed CDN has "the 20th largest hyperlocal social media presence in the region" and linked to
we love your work plain and simple! Everything you do is awesome. Developing something in your honor. Stay tunned =) hehehhe
Grandpa Vitale's answer to every problem...put duct tape on it! :)
What is a good radio station in Tulsa, OK?
hey follow me i said beep!!! im on one
Man, Jesus or no Jesus, these black folks that discriminate on any front need their heads examined. Sorry.
Kendall, you're the only one that rocks my world! Follow me please? :)
PS, thanks for the intro to Chris @ Chambers Street. Love that place!
i got to climb ontop of the play house. Twas fun
Well when you Live in San Antonio it's not weird/: lol I've never seen it cuz ive lived in San Antonio my life!(;
Yayayayya!!! Go Holly!!!! MISS YOU!!!
be seeing a lot of mum trends this morning :)
replied on FB
kubina's wikipedia says he currently plays for the sabres...is that a joke?
Are you having a great day today?
The 0-2 curve with a runner on 3rd is a bad call. I get going with your closer, but you gotta waste one 0-2.
Just made tristin dinner, I'm the best girlfriend ever (:
what you on bro?
New Happy Hour Cocktail Menu.. .$3 drinks, and $3 draft beers 5 til 7 everyday.
when you plug in your iPhone, Dropbox can automatically backup your photos/videos. Delete after.
Would have been better if you replaced Kidding with (wink).
HOMAGROWN showcase tonight, stop by & hear some SICK bands and enjoy a nice, cold drink. Presented by Stinson Entertainment and Spy Radio..
Talk shit about me while im in the room? I can hear you.
Wow! Great group of 38 leaders including next gens at Latin America cabinet meeting. This group can change the world!
"I'm an expert in Nameology" -Agent Paul Smeker #favoriteboondocksaintquotes /via
Seriously these fucking fouls are bullshit. I want to die.
That math don't add up bruh
Playing at Madison Brewfest tonight 8pm-10pm. Badger game will be playing on big screens. Only $5 admission!
too much taco bell?
OK...so I am really excited about my #captainhouseparty. My supplies have shipped and I am ready to host...all r welcome!!!!
My work is in a group show at June Kelly Gallery til 4/7. Reception 3/31, 166 Mercer St, 4-6pm. Upgrade your weekend plans with #art!
#Eagles swap Vince Young for Jacory Harris. One QB gets depressed when he throws INTs while the other embraces the opportunity to throw more
Weekly Ketchup: Kurtzman/Orci to Write The Amazing Spider-Man 2 This week's Ketchup includes news of a new Nicholas Sparks adaptation, ne
Enjoying the sun while it lasts!
Relationships at this age is pathetic.
Watching "20/20" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#NewYorkYankees 1-9 with RISP isn't gonna get it done. Let's do better in Toronto GO YANKS!!!
been up all nite dealing with alot and still gotta work now! story of my life...
this can of has decorated my desk for the past two weeks.
Quote by the late cultural commentator, Will Rogers captures the nation's political sentiment, "I wish I could vote against both candidates"
Hello to all my new VIPs! Thanks for following! Like us on facebook...www.facebook.com/VipSanAntonio
I <3 You The Most !
Relationships these days are a JOKE. It's like April 1st all year long.
Someone tweet me I am super bored!!!! Need to have a convo. With someone
-- I'm having MAJOR #uverse billing issues with no help from Miss Murphy at customer service. Help?!
Ouch! #anyonenotseethisresult : Raiders spending the night looking at highlights of Carson Palmer.
Surly Abrasive has sold out online, we should have more in next week. Please check back, Thank you!
i saw ur amazing video of Love Like Woe!!(: your so awesome
twitters now!
What? Oh! RT : Every time you write "Columbia" instead of "Colombia", an empanada dies. //cc
great post about Hubspot inside sales... how does a startup get the first sales leads?
ha, i just emailed that to Tom.
We appreciate everyone who follows us on Twitter! Thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
Damn, I Wanted To Go To The Beach But It Got To Damn Chilly..!
Happy mothers day, running to get my mom a card and something else special last minute. Love you mom!
RT : In an amazingly passionate session discussing hacking education.
Creating film noir takes a lot more than just dim lighting. Find out more @ SECCA, May 10, 7 p.m. FREE Talk @ SECCA.
U'd be perfect! RT : I'd LOVE too
The now is eternal just tune in.
If I can't do this, then what can I do. Pathetic? Maybe. Destined? No.
#dtl2011 I want to get some great ideas for higher ed faculty for using social media in their online classes.
Talking about the clippers curse Chauncey Billups is out for the remainder of the season!
I wish I knew ... but so much depends on the client's background, search strategy and targets as well as resume
I hope you find what your lookin for
dont worry! when i marry him (or i guess when whoever marries him) they wont be sayin that!
I already told u I'm coming. That's u tweeting from the account?
Today will be spent picking out fonts for a new iPad design. While it sounds fun, dealing with fonts and iOS can get tedious.
Gonna be a crazy weekend...gotta make 900 pops over the next 48 hours!!
so nice meeting you. thanks for your hospitality, amazing conversation, and tweet-mentoring
Complete social media abandonment this week... Traveling will do that to you!
This is the weirdest football game I've ever half-watched while cataloging.
I'm not falling for dat
Mad as hell..
i sure did!
#Goodnight to me.. Good morning to the rest of
Can't wait until I finally and officially turn in my comp paper for good. It needs to just vanish from my life ASAP.
The power is completely out here for some unknown reason. Lighting candles; it feels weird.
follow me !!!
smoke...knock out...sleep
Yes I agree. He has shown us that ppl can change. That all ppl matter no matter how different they are.PROUD OF MY POTUS
What game is everyone most excited for this week? I'm looking forward to Boise St. at Georgia on Saturday!
You are too funny; That's why I like you.
"Regional #foodhubs are filling a market function not adequately addressed by the current distro system." Especially in aggregation
When your tired but afraid of what you might miss<<<<<<
#nowplaying Pink Floyd
i think we looked the best today at the fundraiser.(;
ditto same here
love it!
Stop by your nearest #PeoplesFlowerShop by 4 p.m. today and get a FREE #Bridgewater candle and FREE flower! (505) 884-1600
Avoidance is a full time job.
Even in a world of business demand, take some time to slow down and enjoy your family and friends!
I especially hate the one of the Latino guy banking in line for the lunch truck. I'm worried about burritos not my accounts!
Speaking for myself, a cynicism-ectomy. Would like to see city itself become more consensus-focused. Neighbors shouldn't be enemies
The only difference between the top ppl in ur bizness & you is their habits. How easy is that!
u ready to get that head bust @ 2
thanks! Delicious as always! Thanks again, see you soon!
where is a bitch to hold muh earrings we gettin ready to fight gur
Do you want an invite? Haha
RT Good judgment comes from experience, but experience comes from bad judgment.
and tweet with so many of you over these past few months. God willing, things will get better in the coming months, and I shall return...
When I was little I was always scared of the chupacabra :$
I appreciate your honesty ! We all have to work harder. Thanks for telling it to us straight.
Amazing interception! We got this!
This vacation coming up is gonna be the best one n 8 yrs.
I love #IceLovesCoco! I feel like you two are my pals. And SoulGee! Love you!
There, but for grace, go you and I.
Hey there downtown friends - there is a band playing the hallway just outside our Bricktown store at noon. Come on down during your lunch!
#Psychomania burned down. I never got to go :c
Getting fatter by the bite:)
That moment when you know your friend is doing something wrong, and you want to blast out the truth.
screenshot or it didn't happen
get any cute stuff? And yeah I was sick but I will deff be in school tomorrow
got it
"Judge not before you judge yourself. Judge not if you’re not ready for judgment". #Bob Marley
#rememberwhen we had to blow in the Nintendo cartridges
It's funny how you loose something really close to you when your a kid, live without it for years and then find it again and still love it x
Happy Mothers Day!! I'm lucky to have the best mom in the world!!! And lucky to have a wonderful step-mom too! God has been so good to me!
I asked Romero to put my face on m new iTunes single and I was told I'm getting unicorns instead. I wonder what I will get in the final? ;)
“: Oh, you like chewing on ice? Can you chew a little louder please, I can't hear it very well.” your girl...hahah
Driving through Maryland...New York, here we come!
April has a lot of cool stuff going on in #NYC!
LMAOOOOOO, man...i knew u were gonna say that lol
So the new Sunday hype is to tag your friends to Bible versus and images, stop that! Ask before you do that.
Woodlands pool= summer
Thanks, but the credit all goes to you and your scrap paper entourage! :-)
Sounds like you need picture in picture for tonight.
Bout to take a shower (((:
To all marketers on Twitter: there's nothing more annoying than a post with a link, a title in 2 words, and 8 random hashtags.
State Employee Monday! Great meals at one great price. You know the drill.
Aw, makes me miss Fry St. Did you ever make it to Fry St. Fair? Denton was like my own personal Austin.
you've got it
Hanging out in #FOIAchat. Anyone have fav. management software on the gov't side? Anything from intake to redaction & onwards.
Even on a Sunday I'm booking auditions for talent ......#NOTcomplaining!!!
Whats the point in commenting on something on FB and then deleting the evidence from your own wall? Thoughts?
yea I agree. I'm sure he's working hard to get one up soon though! :) -izzy
Why did she message me...?
depends on the type and location of the restaurant.
Oh did I mention "The New York City Zombie Prom featuring GWAR" happens June 9 2012. I'll let you know when tickets go on sale!
that's like sex that lasts 2 seconds. It doesn't count.
I can't understand a word this kids rap music is saying.. Why do you listen to this? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Sick ass afternoon w/the #Bch9thSkaters good skaters w/good vibes. I wish em all the best. Pics soon come...
Make Moves And Stay Consistent.
Lincoln in 1862.
Loves It
wait, what? where am I? What's the date? What time is it? I'm confused :-) RT April showers bring may showers
Thanks for coming out yohh!
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 101
Associate Producer for the next reading at The Workshop theater Co. Cool!
Already cut his mic. RT : Wonder what Larry Andersen is saying on the radio about these terrible umps
Ewwww <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>: I need to find someone who loves onions lol
Looking for a good healthy recipe website...suggestions?
even though I live in US I'm going to guess and say that it's a song! :-)
I get the room on the left
Godspeed! Can't wait to see it!
duet Bari sax Gm improv; tuba singing into bell w/ words "house, crisis, duress, digress"; 2:57.
Familiarizing myself with the kitchen. Baby and wifey are in the house!!!!
I saw the most ratchet ass bitch when I was on the bus yo
aye, yooooo, Monday, you, mah place, be dere, or be square.(:
Adorable no matter what's on your head! RT (un)distinguished made it. Don't u just love it?! Never looked better!
swagg so sick....I cry..
Would love to be included in the DC Blogs listings! I know you guys are busy...thanks!
I need to learn how to text with out looking at my phone.
This is the account that i'm going 2 use to promote U & stay in touch w/entertainment/music. thanks. -V
t-minus 21 minutes
Initial presentation for Educause #E11_SESS063 posted. More materials soon. Feel free to make suggestions!
tell Anderson's camera man to wipe the lens!
This nigga #mayweather talks big shit, but can you blame him?!
same, just watching the woman in black with some friends from my dorm room
A few more--Thx! (thanks for your help last week!) and you are the man.
how u doin on the tickets?
good bye
im still high from last night
": I'm serious, I will go to EVERY single one of my classes till the school year ends." I'll be proud of you, if you do (:
Good Afternoon Baby!! I Love You With AL My Heart!! (; <333
Love getting Sundrop when I go down Southside-so much better than Mountain Dew.
hey my friend, what's been going on?
I know killed his show tonight.
Think Martin Brodeur played Phil Collins' "In the Air Tonight" on repeat? "I've been waiting for this moment.. all my life."
Did we mention that #AUPSteadyRain got 5 Star?! Still tickets available for tonight at 8 and tomorrow at 2:30! See you at the Wheeler!
*starts packing luggage* lmao
He has better eye brows than me
i do too love
next year, my friend, we will get that panel together.
Pam Anderson will be the latest in a long line of celebrities to join the Broadway production of CHICAGO, according to Perez Hilton.
Introductions have begun for today's #AustinClimb Leadership Council meeting. Get involved with the Climb! It's only two months away!
Yep, our building in PB shook for a second.. very briefly. RT : Did you feel shaking? We're looking into reports from viewers.
Didn't win? We've got more giveaways right around the corner! Thanks for reading Blast!
I love you guys! Great event last week. Keep it up!
Why do people feel comfortable texting you things they would never have the guts to say to your face?
Get me back to England, I would love a life, I don't care if it's cold!
At "when traditional media meets new media" panel #latism11 our cup of tea
I'm thinking of reading Ulysses for the first time with a friend, so if you get good advice, let me know!
I can throw you one...you should just come down for this Cinco De Mayo party and party like its your birthday!!! hahaha
hahahahahahahahah! "ya" like " u " like " you" omg u not understand...
I think playing a New York song was a bad idea lol. Hopefully Niner fans are kinder to you guys unlike towards Williams
Thank you! Have a great week.
One more round of Call Of Duty!
we can use but there are very strict rules. & it is on courtesy wifi (so not on main w/patient records)
Gotta love Thursdays! Tomorrow it's $2 off your combo plate!
trying to get this bread rite
This article discusses some useful tips to help you succeed and make money with Twitter
Preparing to teach Fire! And the #Insurance Industry tomorrow at Paul Davis in Southeast, WI.
RT : Get up & work towards what u love even when u dont want to. Push thru the resistance & walk on the road less traveled.
yeah! ready for some
#IUsedTo do chest and biceps every day. Don't lie-- you know you did too haha
Happy Mother's Day to all the mommys!!
Absolutely, -- you're most welcome!
see you soon!
:( sorry. Just means you'll make a lot over the weekend! :)
EMXC TRYING TO BREAKOUT...
there's nothing to do!!
I love licorice Thanks to National Licorice Day yesterday
Poised Creation has met many amazing people in Albuquerque! We would like to thank you for shaping music in your city!
How did you get so many followers? D; Tell everybody to follow me and I will give you a hamburger.
Hip hop is not dead but its on life support
Need more followers!!! Help us out!
do u like northwestern -2?
willinger's in northfield. Know anything about it?
Did I just hear that correctly? #PlayBook OS version 2 is now available for developers?
Moving day for !
Whoa lightning
well its not like we are doing anything else.
Ugh. I feel like I'm trapped in hell.
Happy Monday to all of you;-)
What! Omg I used to play in high school!
Thank you and people keep trying to sweep it off to the side! He assaulted that boy.
a big FU to my computer, facebook, twitter (i know, i know), phone etc. i'm going outside to water my new trees.
Ohh I texted you the other day
and your dad let you go?
#telecomix taught people how to make two way radios out of repurposed consumer electronics. (Couple of alarm clock radios)
Just 1 more thing we gave in common. :D
The Freddie news on NPR is not shocking but incredibly ridic. Shut down their gambling.
is again offering Season Tickets which give listeners a nice savings. Details at fairfaxchoralsociety.org.
"Bboyss and Bgirls will be doing there hip hop Dancing At 7 pm till 9:15 pm check them on ustream
I'm so tired. Running so much more on Thursday <<
Time for a later dinner....BBL~
They're 4-0 so far. At the moment, I think not.
Looking to add a PR AAE to our team; looking for at least 1-2 years of agency PR experience to work on B2B accounts
your enlightenment has given an elevated level of inner peace. #namaste'
SUMMER WILL BE LEGIT WITH #BELIEVE COMMING OUT !!
haha. this tweet is hilarious. i learned recently that back in the day you did a play w my pal Bryant Mason.
Are the #dodge Durango commercials appealing to the "I'm so manly, but oh so stupid" crowd?
If gives out a sports pick, don't just listen, bet it! He knows a thing or two... and don't ask me how I know - I just do. :)
Lying... and then lying about 'not' lying.
About to bedazzle some costumes for the Jersey Shoresical.
Stuck in Philly for the night. Won't be flying us airways anymore. What's the plan tonight ?
Thank you for your service. Wishing you hummus in the future.
Just not sure about j.lo rocking the snookie poof
Just voted - good luck!
Correct on unambiguous, we are protecting women's rights from an overreach by religion.
#ASECS12 last paper, Amanda Johnson, looking at Faulkner's Absalom, Absalom as meditation on Mississippi's Catholic/Creole ID.
I went to the gym. Didn't get outside but its gorgeous here too.
That. Is. AWESOME!
missing Charlotte
i agree - it'd be cool as well to see Terrico back on the court
today was the longest day ever!! trains were slowed down bcuz sum1 got hit by one my prayers go out to the person n their family :(
:/ wtf just happened...
will u plz follow me back?!?!?!:)
you guys attend St Francis now? No more Hope?
haha hell yeah, great times
JLA FORUMS - Metal Buyer (Durham, NC)
need to pick your brain AND see ya. What's good for u? Or we can chat 2mrw....know u have early day....
nah, no tumblr account. I started my site before tumblr was around, and never got around to making one. Might someday. Sweet page!
ok Big Bro
Some people pay a compliment as if they expect a receipt - Kin Hubbard
Three out of four picks in the Final Four isn't bad.
siiiiii amen :D
Counting down to the premiere of Atlantis with at her viewing party in Pittsburgh. 9pm
They are still planning them out! Will keep everyone posted!
can you give us another spoiler to the finale? please!
I think its just as annoying when fans of celebrities ask for retweets. I don't get the point of that either
I meant the iPad app was working this weekend saying it was private, but it is working now. AMAZING animation. Thank You.
I agree RT : Music mags make me feel misanthropic. Gets worse when I finally hear what the hype is about. 80% chance of letdown
Amazing and weird creatures exhibit bioluminescence - Blue Planet - BBC Earth
Wheather is great here at the lake! Time to go boating!!!!
I thank my #Mom for her constant encouragement of all things possible for women and how we shouldn't/can't be stopped!
thx rose, been resting all day.. so i do hope i feel better in the morning.. lol. Hope you been well
can't working a wedding in the city all day. Won't be home till 230. Coffee then??
lol just means people respect ur knowledge brotha! I love outside opinions in fantasy sports. I'll send when i get home
That looks so good!
haha I love LA! Wish you the best in your career ! Stay beautiful you!<3
Vie, the Bristol, Boka, girl & the goat, perennial Virant and Gt fish all tasting right now at the 2nd Corkdork blind tasting. Who will win?
Hope everyone has a Great 4th of July weekend.
I like Steven Tyler. His book is quite good, Get Your Wings still rocks & he's ok growing old w/o mummy plastic. Yeah, like that'll catch on
Operation: Kill The B*tch!
aww I'm SO glad you like it! I love doing collage for people, especially when I'm lucky to find all the right pieces. <3
I would be enjoying this weekend so much more if I didn't have all the homework I need to do in the back of my mind :(
Thx for encouragement :) Appreciate it!
someone is about to get cussed out if they dont turn off that damn dog whistle on the bus.
go to sleep
I am PERFECTLY fine with the fact that I am not PERFECT
TYPO I MEANT TO SAY LINWOOD AND DAVISON
Our reading period for the Winter Issue is still open! Send us your work!
you can be my it girl :P
Workin hard in the lab right now. Get at me for features.
dude!!! our French project?!
I never show or let my haters know they've got the best of me because that gives them power
#BeliebersAnd1DAreDumb We don't care what you think! We're flawless. Whoever made the trend, thank you ;) We're flattered! ;)
How's your day going???
holy shit. Finally a benefit to BCBG
Marlo Stanfeild is NOT a man for this town! *In my Omar vc* lol
shrimp and haloumi.
We're currently experiencing some intermittent issues due a problem at our hosting provider. We'll know more soon.
is it time to scrap my Jacobson? How about a test unit?
No problem is too big for our almighty God. He is in control of everything.
Love the new Michael Jordan commercial on ESPN
Great people to follow
I'd say cross-reference the amount of TapOut, Affliction, and Ed Hardy gear at bars and you'll find a correlation.
His mutants? RT hat about the children of the corn? What are they all about
I hate putting my hair in a ponytail sometimes I feel like a typical stud. Lol
I think I'm gonna go look that up! Never heard it.
Excited to hang out with this Friday at the Unblurred open house & see their unique vintage/handmade housewares
You create your opportunities by asking for them.
"He ran like he was mad at the grass." :-)
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
I can never sit still
Good luck! RT : My counselor is seriously hot. Next week I'm going to straight up ask her for a pic.
Oh yeah....John made you coconut choc chip ice cream too.
I know yo mama straight lookin at me like she want it...wont some chicken with chocolate and cheese on it..#shegotit remix
Report cards for school come out on Friday the 13th. Just shows how sucky my grades will be.
me too! It was a reaction to meds... At least I know not to do that again - ugh
he taste the cake... he takes the cake...
Penning some new songs...not love songs this time...
On My Way To Krogers. . Looking A Hot Ass Mess
Plead the 5th! RT : hahahaha!!! Are you speaking from experience??
Incredible postseason and
fyi Pat...'karma' is an idea borrowed from religions you don't even regard as valid.
agreed. example: RT : Lol theres a lot of people in DE with talent doe man people dont even understand smh
This man killed his own mother? Smmfh !
"He's lying, let's shoot him."
and general self-efficacy as well as social self-efficacy.
One of my all-time favorite sayings RT ": I am so crap at..."
one of my producer is best friend to one of the player
Shot my self portrait yesterday for this year's application, and I'm so excited about it. Can't wait to share!
hahaha im so happy you found this (:
Managed to lower both beds, with no instruction. Got the melatonin and earplugs ready for a night train trip through Kansas.
shut up u hit
Didn't originally intend to listen, but am having a total driveway moment with the Daisey debunking ep of This American Life.
So I lose a friend for a relationship or keep a friend but miss out on love
Q6: Best place in Germany to soak in some culture?
I wish I could be Grace Kelly in 'Rear window' for a day. That lady was absolutely stunning!
maybe we'll finish up mixing this weekend?? lets hope so! check the album track at www.stereokiller.com/brothersfighting
thank you for the b day wish my babe!
TITLETOWN FAN CLUB
I like Prince okay
Wish I had had a minute at the same time as you! All is well here! What r ur plans this weekend - anything fun! :)
Nope.... Its today! i was right. too cool!
Great vibes from people on the road today. This is a great day!
Happy 100th anniversary Fenway Park!!
This makes me appreciate last season even more. GO MAVS.
follow me back ?
Living to please Me is the only way to have a truly joy-filled life. Find your strength & peace in Me-not other people~Jesus Calling 4 Kids
However many ways there might be of being alive, it's certain that there're vastly more means of being dead, or instead not alive.
Didn't come thru - can you email me at my twitter handle at gmail dot com?
We are doing a very poor job of reaching people + business audiences w/ energy issues
Sugar Crashing Librarian Has Little Patience After 9PM.
Watching CNN. Anderson Cooper. Enough said.
I think he said the Astros are playing the reds
am I still on the privileged list? Lol
That's what's up. It's chicken again for me.
Don't look back. You're not going that way. -
Not sure why you want them to take a battery hit to fix your signal problems. Why can't they pay to upgrade to a Maxx?
G.S.C Grape st crip gang man 4192 we still thuggin its all about da money:) CHEEZ 4Sb mess wit dem #THOMASVILLE Baby
Out on the road. Saw people out jogging, and bicycling. Crazy! The snow is deep! And the cars are having some issues.
Ok prob in June cool ": "please : Imma take my cousin on a trip so she can relax for a few days..""
BRAND NEW SONG ON OUR BAND PAGE, DOWNLOAD IT 4 FREE!!! www.facebook.com/fastcarband
we r tired of them 2! rt not sure but I am tired of them. Haha. Wish jake stayed just for some more excitement.
It's crazy how a text from one person can change your mood :)
leaving 2 hours. really cant believe he's pissed about who im married to on facebook. whatever. im not dating you! you cant say shit.
Waiting patiently
Ok, I talked myself into it. Live tweet commencing now. Facing an everything bagel toasted with plain cheese and a four cheese souffle.
Had a great weekend. Now its Monday. Back to the grind.
I have 30 Mbit Internet, and can stream Netflix in full HD, but is absolute crap quality. Bad compression algorithm, or crap servers?
Counting sheeps so I could fall asleep.
I miss sitting in this beautiful Casino & Hotel and taking in the amazing architecture of this building!
you too! xoxo
Watch for us on State Street around 11am today during Busking for Books. We'll be the people carrying the bags of vinyl records!
make sure to wash your ass Pablo honey.
Just good with the clicker. RT : do you have 2 tv screens in front of you?
yeah man we gonna be eating turkey for next several days. lol
Lmfao this person on wheel of fortune just said you only live once...
Well, ya got me. I'm on twitter now. Sheesh.
Thank you for following Passions by K!!
:( some people are just oblivious to it too.
Hey Patrick, sorry I missed you in Chi. I'm actually partly based in LA these days. Would love to connect if you have some time. Best, jp
Over UMass? Yes. A million times yes.
I got that shit on VHS.
Michael Franklin - moderating Big Data on Campus Panel at
#Enlightened is renewed (hooray!) but at what COST?! Goodbye, sweet George Christopher.
If you don't stand for something, you'll fall for anything!
Happy Leap Year Day!!!
gotta love that day drinking!!! RT Best Bars for Daydrinking, Part 1
For bloody sakes, the country is called "Burma"!! NOT Myanmar!
yeah my question is who going bye bye!
Prepare...I already took off lmao! but yo I needa get u on this HERBALIFE tip...have you lookin like ur old skinny self
season 1 man lol im hooked never really watched
Thanks, James!!! Right back at you!
what you know about marilyn Manson haha!
oranges or strawberries (:
Cabin. This weekend. Lets party. :)
So - is the age of Union power completely past or are they still relevant? Discuss.
“Your mind is a tool you can choose to use any way you wish.” ~ -- Ashley DeAngelis ()
.. he was the best. My bad bro.
If #Blazers have two Smiths, will jerseys have N.SMITH and C.SMITH?
bieber is mine :)
thanks for all the great gear, love the cardigan! xoxoxo
just got back to the world of twitter...was having account issues.
#NF and I love the pix he post.
where you play tonight?
I got to see Booker T and the MGs here in Madison when the city unveiled the Memorial plaque to Otis Redding. So great!
So my computer went on strike n the internet wont work :/
Pizza rolls.
nah I think you look very snazzy, or dapper if u will :)
yup they're all there for python 3 of course ;-)
Our own heart, and not other men's opinions, forms our true honor.
lol Are you on Olympic Blvd in Bev Hills near Century City? I love that park.
If you dont know what the hottest afterparty of the Spring, to date, in the DMV then pay attention! This Sun from 8p-1a at Cities Lounge!
ok you have the link dont you
Thanks, Ricky! And thanks for all the inspiration. :)
Just had a kick ass #CrossFit workout at love that place
your a good singer!
What was the consensus on that?
make us something to eat
I'm faithful. Even when things appear to be at an all time low. I'm here to stay, through the shine, rain, or snow. Team
Andamans still on my bucket list, next door neighbour Sri Lanka as well. So much world, so lil time! Where's next for you?
Romney, with all due respect, stuff it. Get with the times. History will repeat itself. As African Americans got equal rights, so will gays.
lol yuup <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> and kadeem stepped up.. He got an iPhone now! Well, im sure u figured that out.
let the "boys" know Oakleys Bistro is a way better restaurant than St Elmo's in Indy...
wow, thanx man!
Bed. Icing my ankle again tonight. Looking like I'm gonna either have to go to physical therapy or a specialist. This pain is out of control
which social media platform to use less important than the movement behind it via
yup....try pinching your self and ull know ;)
RT will be at the STARDOME in #Bham this weekend. SPREAD THE WORD
USC Writers Conference countdown. Join us in LA on April 20
good morning!
Thanks - For an season that almost didn't happen it was a fun 2011-2012!
Behind these doors lie broken promises scripted speeches meaningless pieces.
haha what you doing tomorrow?
Omg #TeamAdam has this!
JR should ve been out coach
My bitch bad lookin like a bag of money
Ah!! I'm so jealous!! I want to go to that #Britney concert so bad!!
A mother deer and her baby had decided that my house is a good place to hang. Nice but she continues to eat my flowers I just planted.
Dude, come on… I can't even think about that without tearing up. Too mean.
Why do they even make middle seats on aircrafts?
need suggestions for a scripture verse related to kidney transplant--for a tattoo.
“: Oh...there's that 3rd commercial. was right...” Advertising GOLD
We are Launching our new sister company and brand March 1st!
doesn't matter! Who is the other random girl here?
#nfldraft I did not see that coming. Bradford is a great pick for the rams
reminds me of my Chinese friend...Ug Lee
well of course!
Bloody knuckles - off to buy a canvas stretcher.........
Im hitting a meltdown!
Wistfully recalling gin-champagne cocktails, friends, Molly's Cupcakes & , Talk about a couple with a boomin' system.
lol u're old too :o
Is Kyle playing live guitar hero in the gym this morning?
That is an interesting use case! I will be interested to see how that unfolds.
Hot <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5> RT : i tend to shop in the guy section.
it's cold where I am @ I wud LUV hawaii!!! Blessings 2 U :)
enjoy getting your butts kicked. By everyone.
Searching reduced to transaction costs: searching, identifying owner, negotiating a license. A system can cut these costs.
Thanks for the autograph and the great season! Do you know Billy Cundiff? I hope he's doing ok.
Pats just traded the 28 pick...shock. Just take Bowers
:) Love it! Good lock!
Welcoming all of the new #GeorgetownCCT students today! Starting the morning in #Riggs library with introductions and a welcome.
RT : "To take a life when a life has been lost is revenge, not justice." --Desmond Tutu This is true in GA and Texas cases.
idea hot houses... could it be a white board for ideas?
Just think of all the sequels you'd be able to make. I'm seeing dollar signs.
Sex & The City was the prequel for The Golden Girls
I have been officially gifted mocos, great! :/
DONT WISH IT WAS EASIER,WISH YOU WERE BETTER
Teams shuld embrace fans coming to stadium..even at cheap prices. Turn them into brand advocates while there
Theres no stopping us right now. I feel so close to you right now.
Dude! How's the #bigapple ?
Dont SMH me after I SMH at you. It doesn't work like that.
Free music-train rides-petting zoo-hot drinks & prizes! "Connect W/ Christmas" Sunday 5:30 to 7pm. @ 1st Baptist West Abq- Golf Course Rd!
thanks for the RTs for our Monday, April 23 reading at Shrine!
i plan on wearing nothing tomorrow like i am now, wait what?
I just realized that i put in an 8+ hr day today...and it was my day off. At least yesterday was full of unplanned zero pressure fun!
I love that can sing What Makes You Beautiful & know all the words:) #perfectguy we can jam to 1D together maybe?<3 ;)
lies. you be tellin lies. can't even name one. ;)
That's bull shit. American Idol is rigged. Phillip should NOT be in the finale. Still really glad Jessica made it though!
by my 48th I want to be ripped and lean any suggestions on how???
Ok, who's hungover?
Alberta Street closes at 6 pm for Hands, feet, tables, carts, EVERYTHING off the street until 5!
Oops sorry I'm in Alabama for the 12th Congressional Civil Rights Pilgrimage
We love they are one of the artists that appearl on Cellar Door Records Volume I.
Nope, got an interview at target later this month but honestly its with out a doubt in my mind, time to start hustlin, FOR REAL
happy mothers day!!!
Guest list: divide it in 3s: 1st those who will attend, 2nd those likely not to, 3rd those who might. This helps figuring #s early.
I'm not sure if I would have made any significant changes, but there's value in inviting the feedback.
I was indeed full of profound sorrow.
Right so I've gotten to the point where I'm putting reminders for everything in my phone >.>
These girls are talking about engagement rings... In waiting on my next drink... What the fuck is wrong with these bitches
I have to pee but I don't feel like moving
Tyga Ft. Drake- still got it feeling this ish
yea & I think its good all that happened cuz it proves that no matter what life throws at us we will always be friends
This #Donatos has had to remake 3 straight pick-up orders. Their stock is falling quicker than Colt McCoy's (& Pepsi Clear's).
I know, sorry, it was linked from Facebook. How are you doing?
No foul????? Lol at Jordan hill tho
On an unrelated side note: how to get one of those nifty EMP buttons?
TY for the follow!
good morning to you there in Ontario!
#WorstRapLineEver "you got me kinda hot, but I ain't sweatin through- steamin like a pot full of vegetables"
VHA has their own research outfits: HERC, NEPEC, SMITREC. You can also go to doctors affiliated with VA and med schools
wanna send my love out to my friend Mikey Jay who is ill at the moment. i hope you make a speedy recovery. God Bless. -_- smh
I love fruit!
we can meet up one of these days at Alley Katz.
Can I please go with you?? :'(
So many excuses!
Working hard to do this final. Trying to be a #scholar let's get er done
I really do not like shopping a non organic grocery stores
#BobbiBrown is pretty legit #EC2012 #ECgrad getting her doctorate and stuff
ant trying 2 hurt u
Do you still go to the MMNG lunches at Maxim's? I have an application I want to turn in. When is the next meeting?
“When you’re in a slump, you’re not in for much fun. Unslumping yourself is not easily done.” - Dr. Seuss
I write so that we all can feel, empowered to live a healthy ideal. So keep going back to exercise and oatmeal!
Lalalalala.... driving... bored... 30 miles to go
With sam
Thanks for the support, guys!!! :)
The thought of the president hangin out in #THEVALLEY is very odd to me.mybe my mom'l stop by cloones house and drop of her famed baked ziti
I've been at work all day so just getting caught up now. Wow, that's a huge line in the sand.
Picked up an entire bookshelf of free books - good ones.
La Fiesta Hispana was great fun! Lot's of dancing! Great food! Thanks to Neto Peraza, Maui Rumba and of course, Smile Brazil!
did you see the picture of the benevolent women of the Order of the Moose? I don't know who they are but I want to be one.
While your reputation is merely what others think you are ..
January 30th Art Workshop has been cancelled due to weather. A mini-workshop will be held on February 6th.
yes. After Sunday talk to doug and he can work out details. He's in Seattle w me till Sunday. :)
I low key miss my days at regal.
Team WATF splits our double header today. Comeback win over TAC! Comeback against SED falls just short as they score on a hailmary!
well, yeah - #pdxtst and conf hash tags
Disney Hall's whole "dont take pictures" thing doesnt do much more than give their ushers some exercise.
finally u tell. Da truth LOL
And the commercial for Atkins has a spokesperson "Cheryl Lynn". Creepy because that's my name.
yeah im so gunna miss you girl
: Romney says you vote for him because he's "someone who's lived in the real streets of America.- Home Boy has NO street cred!
200th tweet goes out too.. <3 love you guys! (:
Why do ppl sub tweet there "friends"??? That's why I have a lot of Acquaintances and handful of "friends"
thank u xoxoxo
Huh? don't say anything out loud "mom" but what's a #TPS HA! =D
Me Too!! I wish i could meet all of them.
Praying for u all as you celebrate Pastor Larry's dad's life. Blessings!
i'm doing my final on you, because we had to chose an art & artist, your flickr is great.
Having coffee with my windows open enjoying the sounds of the rain and thunder. Ready for a relaxing day before my gig with KYT tonight..
Mike Stern Ticket giveaway today at 3 at Facebook/BluesAlley
What SONG describes how YOU feel right NOW?
Good night! Today ‘Abdu’l-Bahá laid the cornerstone for America’s first Bahá’í house of worship.
Dad: "You not fast or nun are ya? " Me: "Aww yeah daddy, they be settin my shit oouuuttt ! -____-
. the dog days are over, my friend.
"I believe your development project will be the 1st to come to our city w/out guns. It will give people a new idea." -a Ramadi Dr.
I'm hoping to get in a fourth viewing of #Avengers before the weekend.
The neighbor's perfectly ripe mango, hanging over the sidewalk, is taunting me, taunting me....
Up at 4:30 this morning... Does not help the creative juices flow! Oh well, we all have our burdens to bear, mine will be droopy eyes! :)
I understand.
my amazing drawing of a rhino....
Why yes, I would like a cowboy for my birthday. #maybe #hesacutie ;)
#RedSox get the win tonight against the Yanks- they will remain in first even if they do not get the win tomorrow. Sox are now 11-3 vs. NY.
haha the only reason I half believed her was that she was hanging out with you
breakfast menu highlighted on with for New Food Hot Spots in #SanDiego! ...And my photo made it on TV. Woohoo!
This is how my week goes: Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday FridaySaturdaySunday
WOAH!! New followers?! #yes Have you liked our FB page? Go do that. We are getting up to 250. Let's do this turtles!
Must return to
watch aaron.tv
I hate that Facebook doesn't show my iPhone Emoji's. It makes my comments less adorable
Lead by example? Mentor as many kids and families you encounter? Support those already doing things: &
#lastweekofschool finally!!! Come on summer!
Twisted Tap tonight Bowling Green!
can you email me your contact info at ? Would like to talk about doing a story on you. thx!
Told you man :P They're not going down without a fight.
Osu lacrosse announcer, "the guys like their stick strong."
do you think teams will start taking out starting qb sooner in blowouts to avoid injury? Seems like in today's nfl they should.
do you have to ask? Just say when!!!
Madison Microwave is heating up in big time fashion.
What?! Where?
ok cool I'll listen and give you a shout if we fucking with them
#BrewersIBelieve Let's here it for the Crew
In the corner on the way out.
Yea girl! i didn't know that was your church! I was there last year too! Looking fwd to it!
I can't believe it's already February!! Bring on the loving heart month! :)
I had the cucumber gazpacho at Rm 11 last night . It was awesome, don't miss it!
sex is always better wen theirs feelings involved
Working on the Line Please web interface to help you enter your lines in faster!
Im pretty good at it(:
#mydumbinjury in highschool i tried ironing clothes, on my bed & decided to sit down the iron fell and slid off my whole leg...burned
Please don't go insane, I like the crazy twitter in you, not sure about how insanity twitter would work.
me to! I would rather him just stay the high school musical version of himself haha!
JRHS Girls & Boys Varsity teams both beat Cosby last nite 2 maintain 1st place status. 2 vry exciting games & I made it 2 C both!
Who wants free food and a free work out after??
Happy Veterans Day! To all the Vets in Knoxville, Vets in Sonora and all over the world! Especially my dad! Can't thank you guys enough!!
¤ Sometimes I worry about being a success in a mediocre world. Lily Tomlin
On that Jagged Edge this mornin'
Thank you for the support, im loving it
A1: I came into our marriage with two beautiful daughters!!
"do you miss your cowboy boots in the summer?"
looking for a man online. hm
get better little one!
I'm just teasing you! See you tomorrow!
Last night I was going to give up and resign to living in suburbia forever... Then a re-charged agent called! ;)
SHE WILL BE LOVED.
Without passion, life is nothing.
Benefit of leaving at 3 today, no traffic in Atlanta, at all!
Will do! Hydrating & Carbo loading today!
": I tell it how it is, not how it might be."
***Wanted*** Engine & Animation Programmers (All Levels) - For more information contact .uk
Kokomo bound with the one and only <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0081>
Missing Australian Cattle Dog "Harley". Last seen Wed nite @ Esplanade. Black w brown markings/50lbs. Reward. Tweet w/ news
RT : Oil drillers in Baldwin Hills have rights going back to the 1920s and they're not about to be displaced:...
"It kinda looks just like you.. Mixed with Zach Galifianakis."
Happy you liked it!
Just wanted to tell everyone that I want the best for everyone
Our country as a whole is disgusting to see in a bathing suit, but we have highlighters! Laziness, poor diet, attitude, wow.
Chris Davis and Cody Ross, platinum sombreros, and Davis warming up for possible pitching appearance in 16th...
sorry kinda late but i still gots flyers for you ! for , lmk
When a guy makes your happiness a priority >>>>
One of the #50ThingsILove is definitely a good pedicure and a nice bikini wax!
Can't wait to see the on-line handout for NPO board presidents by
RT is throwing an awesome FALL FORMAL w/ live acts, art, music, movies!
Guess what? Dirty's Laundry earrings are now available at ! Badass! All pairs on sale there are just $7 a piece! SCORE!
Romney: "I certainly don’t believe that I thought the fellow was homosexual." No, you thought he was small, weak and a target.
But MAN do I want a library, and giant windows everywhere, and a HUGE kitchen
2) Harry taught me to do whatever makes me happy… no matter what people think.
How was everyone's weekend?
totally want to get diablo 3, and sell items for real money in the AH!!
Watching jack white now.
when was the last time this occured...had to be the Whitey days with Willie and Ozzie
EASTERN CONFERENCE FINALS HERE WE COME!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you like sports especially basketball.
"Danny Ainge, I gotta get you on Weight Watchers." - Charles Barkley
The #tilsonthomas Thomashevskies are on #PBS tonight. Yiddish theater in the US. Charming, interesting. His grandmother was lovely.
Orientation Time =9 pass the Spring Rolls
Weather in Walt Disney World.... 68°F | °C Current: Sunny Wind: NE at 4 mph Humidity: 82%
Looking forward to our weekend getaway in
Jhigh got the best sex in town..#download a free copy today lol
SO thankful for wonderful opportunites that don't come along every day. I need to learn to take the bull by the horns a little more...
why the hell is there lightning!?
By the first of June Its bout to b hot as hell there -_-
Good afternoon! Please visit us on the web at www.rx2you.com for assistance with your medication.
#sdmayornp has a lot of written plans just referred to his 110 page affordable housing plan
#LMA12 Stop by booth 301 and say hello to some of the Moiré peeps! - see you all tonight!
Come on #REDS!
this is unreal. fuck.
Manhood. RT : It's raining verging on snowing in Columbus today. As he left #Crew96 practice, Jeff Cunningham did so on a bike.
Morning Boston :) How is everyone today?
Setting my alarm was a waist bcuz I'm still up.
stressful as shit
r u there??
yep, I got it. Will follow up shortly
they are both sold out.
Watching MTV world stage Malaysia..I love Bill's new hairstyle!!!<U+2665>
Note to self: Don't read email while watching a bball game live. Apparently just missed a monster dunk. Whole gym going nuts
Movie recommendation is Robert Downey Jr in "Tropic Thunder"
plus boo cooks and keeps me happy but right now she ain't answering the phone
Feelin like I need anothA nap
“: If there wasnt a fence to keep condit in he would of ran all the way back to new mexico. #209bitch”. BUT THERE IS A FENCE
"The mind, once expanded to the dimensions of larger ideas, never returns to its original size." — Oliver Wendell Holmes
While I'm alert/away from my thesis, a question: if I held a tea party on a random Tuesday morning in July, would people want to join in?
Sarah Palin's doc "The Undefeated" came out last weekend. Was defeated by Page One. That's got to hurt.
Waking up alone and destitute may be a horrible feeling... but not waking up is worse ~
Giffords and her husband Mark; Giffords looking strong and warm; Mark looking moved.
i would love to receive a tweet from
RT Is not this something more than fantasy?
forreals !!! RT : So many FAKE profiles -.-
I am not -- , though some of the team may be! :)
Happy Easter everyone
nobody sent me the "hulu" memo.
Nice day out, too bad work has to go and ruin it
Is you professional life evaporating your personal life? Fight #information overload. See our blog
Side chicks are always hoe chicks
I know, sometimes gets a little homesick. You guys taking care of him? Raisinets and pretzels should do the trick.
Having something in common could be a problem because you're to much alike!!
Good job..
ahh not too long well I'm buying my house in three weeks so ur invited to Party anytime!!
Spring is in the air and Cherry Blossoms are everywhere! Enjoy our $6 specialty Cherry Blossom cocktail, pairs awesome w/our cherry tart!
YES. RT : #QuestionsIHateBeingAsked: Can you do me a favor?
At the sasquatch launch party, and the lineup this year is righteous!
guilt still works!
mix in a Vespa and you are all set for elmwood haha!
I always look forward each month to your update email--amazing how much content is added!
#hachacha RT : Going unprotected today just for 's pleasure.
Get with it - we all went to the people in line at the Arctic Tailgate!
I always get left out when everyone is smoking.
Took a personal call and came back to find my whole floor gone. This is awkward.
W/e I don't have to deal with that hoe come Thursday.
How'd it go for you and ya bro in Vegas?
YES!! we will! we will be sponsoring Miss Usa again this year! <3
If they rush 3 I'm out.
Our motorcoaches are ideal for athletics, corporate transportation, weddings, special events or any long-distance trip!
oh damn, yeah sorry man that's about 4 hrs out of the way. Good luck, hope you can make it!
“If you don't know where you are going, any road will get you there.”
2010- The #BP DEEP WATER HORIZON
WOW what a crazy morning at Filene's Basement - RUnning of the Brides! If you missed me, mention this tweet to 4 promo
Stay up all night and you will regret it the next day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
yes you should!
lol that woman shouldnt even have a phone, always losing it!
I have to say the NBC hockey annoncers are really good.
sweet! Who teaches that?
that's a good song
I need a Valentine's date! Who's free on Valentine's day? Lol
and I'm sorry for causing this, I bloody am. I wanna make things right again
At the centre of your being you have the answer; you know who you are and you know what you want. - Lao Tsu
might be just a little lost in Manhattan. Again. ;)
great work. It was inspiring.
great app thanks for sharing!
lets go lets go!!!
stop spamming me, bill.
DCC's SCARP project - multimethod investigation of data curation practices in 10 disciplines
Holy fuck this hurts
Anyone else loving Downton Abbey?? I can't wait for the next episode!!
Though, just found naked boys in a shower scene so…um…NSFW. And kinda weird.
they gone go in before it's over. Lol
You can do it! Now go follow and they'll follow...
Can't believe I just used the word "synergy" in an email
About to watch the #DenverNuggets-#LosAngelesLakers game with some Denver residents, which should be fun, since they are probably losing.
so come back to New York :-)
How to get teachers involved? Make them feel professional & valued, have examples of what they will learn. Plus free food!
A Saturday morning shout out to all of Ace's SD Hotel Managers for their help opening new partnerships around the country. This is Teamwork!
Excited to listen to teach advance monitor mixing at #WFX in the Hot Classes!
"In 12 months Egyptians have done the impossible." --Wael Ghonim
Thanks for the message. Please drop me your details to .uk, and I will forward on to our editor.
I know bae
I will be from now on.
It sure isn't good. For , it will mean a 3% reduction before I even hear what the City and the County will do.
I want to know why didn't the Jedi's in #starwars have light saber shields?
they call that dude fireman but don't work for the state
Honestly idgaf, who wants to come on this party bus tomorrow 8 to 11:30 Hit my line or message me on here.
never mind
u go baby pussy don't let lifestyle mishaps get in ur way.
I've been having the worst heart burns :/
Fuck what any1 says about You or how You do You! Have fun, life is short & u will be judged by everyone that doesn't count lol Live UR life
Unbelievable news. Dandydon was an inspiration to all of us Tiger fans. May God bless his family!
Happy 4th July weekend to all, let's celebrate and have fun! Enjoy the nice weather!
lol ha.! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> hey im goin to be in florida on the 23rd to dance you should come to the event its going to be good
It's Good Friday. How's everyone doing today?:)
I miss graduation at my alma mater, where the prof from UofHelsinki's academic garb included a bright purple top hat.
Thanks doll! // RT : Follow to dress and undress ;) V I X E N
wat do u type in to watch austin and alex hatting on youtube?! Plzz help---mara(:
They ask me what I represent & I tell em' Get Blowed Entertainment, The Chamber Muzik Factory, Red Eye Muzik, & 420 Muzik
Writer's block :/
RT : Pie of the week: The HotBox! Double Spicy Pepperoni & Banana Peppers! 1/2 off PW: My Box is Hot!
Saw Neil Gaiman on the Simpsons tonight...Hilarious!
Tell all the team I said hi and I'll be there soon “: Hi coach see you soon...big hug!!”
so whats up
Hope springs eternal...
I'd like to have a sleep right now.
don't be putting him out there like that lol
Adam Levine is the real deal!! He went with talent instead of pop!!
News Stuff added to www.newsphotobiz.com
Thanks! I am excited. And glad that "get the degree and get out, fast" may prove a viable plan, even if I was sad about Pittsburgh
Lmfao. There ya go
Goin to work for 8 hours goodbye life.
Just because one person doesn't seem to care for me, doesn't mean I should forget about everyone else who does.
NEXT on my list Will be alex ;D
RT : RNS bro #RESPECT &amp;&amp; #SALUTE you know we do tha same on tha real <--- #KnwDat !!!
bonjour ! Just shot you over an email!
Almost done with my XSL-FO to make pretty printouts of my #toodledo tasks.
Got BBQ on the brain? We can help you! One taste of our Smoked Texas-style Brisket will leave you speechless!
The organ on "Dear Ones" is pretty cool. I am fan of keyboards.
Cloudy with a chance of meatballs in my pants!
can I come too!?
wat u on
Starks is gonna put up big numbers this year! Glad I drafted him instead of Grant!
You do amazing work, Munar! Thank you. Be well, Ryan.
WHEN THINGS ARE GOOD, LET IT STAY THAT WAY. DONT RUIN IT WITH THE PAST...
“ Getting money.. That's in any nigga category”
#Packers fans don't forget to tune into #GGToday at 9:00 with and on (540AM ESPN).
you just opened a whole new can of worms. Btw: our lounge is bought out Sat, so dining room is only option.
Are you following and --well you should!
#OWIF: I need to go on the lam and escape this posse, but all I have in my pocket is a Leatherman and four different kinds of Skittles.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Autauga, Chilton, Dallas, Elmore & Perry Counties until 07:30 PM
PROGRAMMING ALERT: will be airing last night's #HartofDixie & #Ringer this Saturday from 8pm -10pm!
I think I have a super big head.
I thought you weren't aloud to get a new one because you killed your last one
Let your feeling guide your soul. Let your heart take its toll. Bound by the laws of fate. We all hope to resonate.
I say, foursquare rocks me a freebie beer at #Aloft during an awesome event! Check n mate!
Hahahahaha! is not going to get this convo at all. We just covered prog rock and 80's prom music so far.
I hate being sick..Ions I feel like crapp..some1 help me
Glad that #Fenway100 gives the chance to remind everyone that Babe Ruth was the greatest ballplayer who ever lived.
Did you catch the weather update from on ? If not, catch Rob again at the end of the hour!
What's not to love?! #meow RT : My host cat loves me. All cats must love me somehow. Right, ?
oh well me queiro you too.
Exactly cuzzo.. can't see shiiiz!!! “ idk what that crap is but it's causing hella traffic.”
Hair looks good
When hiring, look at character first, then skills. Skills can be learned, character, not so much.
Perhaps listing possible allergens caused a decrease in sales so they made changes so customers would continue to buy...?
I'm just proud of the Homie
Exactly. I was a tester for a year and saw the amount of work that goes into these
Pretty little liars than mean girls<333
Check out the Y for free over the week after Thanksgiving... beat your personal battle of the bulge.
>pls respect Virginians enough to give DETAILS and SPECIFICS on helpG th economy with "Trickle UP
Health inspection today in DC for our truck. Wish luck!
Dianna Agron Shoots Scenes for Horror Film ‘The Hunters ’ (VIDEO) Dianna Agron isn ’t at William McKinley High School anymore. Her
Tonight it's just going to be me, my saxophone and my dog moe
no bueno :( but at least you're making that mon-aaaay!! $$$$$$$ haha
what do u think I am?!?
I'll remind y'all again tomorrow if I remember. Go spurs go!
Those are the tweets and re-tweets for Monday, April 23, 2012. Y'all have a great night and we'll tweet it all again tomorrow!
Oh I am a member, I just haven't logged in since 2010 lol
it was fun
Really looking forward to the #ala11 #undeadunconference It's been 143 years since I was last in New Orleans.
I feel like drinking soda -_-
'Breaking Stalins Nose'...I am in love with this book, yet my heart is breaking.
Who has the best french fries in LA? Votes?
The officiating has been worse than Blake Griffin's acting ability.
How might one go about applying for said social media internship?
Sitting in class in Palos Verdes (CA Coast just NW of LA). Startled Classmates. Me: No worries its our spaceship!
Chuck E Cheese!
Going back in
This is what real life tastes like!
hey party people, why drink and drive when you can smoke and fly?!
think your account is hacked too lol mine was hacked too...
you sound sketchy
RT to go through life without finding something worth making sacrifices for
I yelled out "fuck I need a cig" and some random guy gave me one. Haha
": Sending #love into the twitterverse!" --Thank you, we need all the love we can get today!" Yup, sure do.
You know I live my life like a gypsy <3
thank you do much!
Babes on an all ice cream diet <3.<3 what i would do to have that !!!
going back to bed
Thanks for. FINALLY FOLLOWING ME !
Gym. Tan. Best friend time!! :-)
Single moms and teenagers are making big money from home??
lol don't be.. Just be happy for my view :-)
It's not about what kind of car u drive...it's whether or not u can afford the payments.
Now Following
I like blonde girls... Does that mean I hate brunettes or red heads no. It just means I like blonde girls.. Gosh.
ugh. shorter semester, twice the work. but yeah, good experience for the gist I suppose. :)
some very cool stuff for clustering of text and images though. going to have to test drive Mahout.
Thanks for the follow...look forward to your tweets!
I have errands to run
awesome idea, but you might need a week in Austin with all the great cheap local food.
you be the judge...
the crowd is deafening We want an encore! Shakes! Shakes! #shakes! #mkelive thank u for this
#iew "no substitute for living and studying in another country to understand other cultures" #opendoors 2011
Pro tip: You can only give a bad play one pan of a review. After that, you have to walk away. Stop dwelling on it yuks.
woohoo! You guys will love it! Great view a nice to have the indoor suite to warm up. Enjoy it!
I so want the Ravens to go that way...kid is gonna be special
Just finished packing (:
<U+2665> If you want to make your dreams come true, the first thing you have to do is wake up. <U+2665>
you know that dude ryan jamies ex bf on 16 and pregant that boy is straight up UGLY! lol
We're starting our own thing: "Follow Tuesdays." #fft and somebody else or something ... They make us laugh.
The Patio had a sik remodel, The Colony rebirth!!! Let's Party!
I bet! Infuriating after all these years we had to deal w/ Amend2 backlash. Think we'd learn, grow & change.
this next beer we haven't had since kegs for kids 2yrs ago.and there are only 3 kegs left of it in the city
too bad he's there only option sorry :( bulls suck magic suck
he still aint answer
A year and 19 days!
devotions and fiction that is suitable for 11-12 year olds - what's out there is occultish or has "too mature content"
good, I heard about the fiasco that was chicago gourmet! Big chicks need to eat
that is awesome 9 pounds!!!
Can I have a cup of the 'Chicken Dye-Jon' soup please?
BENEATH THE SKY
Mistakes, man
<3 thank you! Hope your day is beautiful
Give light, and the darkness will disappear of itself.
There's a sparrow outside my window eating an M&M.
High school band concert soon..
Happy #EarthDay! Tonight on WORLD 10.2 at 7, looks at the modern environmental movement through the stories of its pioneers.
Don Draper: “Last year, our agency was being swallowed whole. I realized I had two choices: I could die of boredom or holster up my guns.”
I need for this song to go ahead and finish itself now.
And SPAIN
Had an awesome time yesterday! I will run that race every year that I can.
trying out the new Chromebook today. Good so far. Understanding Luke's comments about the keyboard.
Just went to
I left work while it was still light out. I AM A REBEL!
if only i knew how to use a compass
you need to stop messing with thoose ZERO's and get with some HERO's.. WORK TODAY!! we DONT STOP!!
I'm not for beanball wars at all & throwing at a guys heads or behind his back is chicken shit baseball.
I may come by Friday to pick up an application
If you wanna (:
Laughter, then tears.
is thankful.
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
We are so excited to open today and see all these happy clients! We would love to see you too ;-)
You deserve the success of a Blockbuster, congrats.
i will buy you a new one if they announce it before WWDC. Your waiting will be worth it though, the 22nm CPUs use much less power
Loved watching the Mountain Hawks slam the door on the hated #Duke Blue Devils.
Thanks to everyone who came out to Velvet Lounge last night! and were great!
Who the fuck passes up free weed? You all suck
Hot Cakes<U+2665> Love it'
we love you too!
Dear people against tattoos: It's my life, its my skin. Get over it.
The XX is #occupying my iPod
And #TheKillers playing at #CampNou after the game? Kinda sorta awesome.
I swear people tke kindness for weakness # karma is a bitch u knw
POETIC PATRIOTIC COINCIDENCE <grin> as a matter of fact, I noticed it went up to 1777, so I found myself unfollowing someone!
Getting the swag mobile a car wash, gotta make him ready for tonight
I think it's hilarious that you think you can hook up with him and keep it from me. #harsh much?
Slacked all afternoon ..working during the night ...
All the best to
There needs to be a 'hide all text layers' script or something for photoshop. Man that would save some time!
There's nothing wrong with you. There's a lot wrong with the world you live in
Is your business constructing or repairing a piece of tangible property? There are new tax regulations covering this.
WTF you doing ????
is in l.a but still hasn't visited my house or my bedroom shame -.-
use manic panic hair colour paint its fantastic for emo hairs and love the colours :D try it!
#cfaleadercast event interesting, informative, and fun! Thanks to the community leaders that brought it to Madison.
is my dude I love how he talks to them females
Jane>Congrats on being on American Idol... Just saw your interview online :) Good luck with your band!
“: Lux is more famous than US One Direction. And she's a baby.” OMG THIS.
God is clearly punishing me for having the audacity to live beyond the walls of butler this semester
up and getting ready for work 14 days to go!! <3 my family
I just woke up from a dream where I was yelling at to play levels. I think I'm losing it.
What he talkin about in math
I made a video for you !!!!! I'll post the video next week !!!
spring sickness..not cool
It's Pub Quiz Night! 7pm-9pm and there early to snag a spot!
You are very welcome. Let me know if you have any further questions.
I think that's why I love the slight purity of over the over-pushed other promotions.
#FollowFriday Another Frank! Man, we have the coolest name.
I feel more at home now in my apartment than at my parents house.
i want to tell her. but. i dont want her and or him to hate me. but she needs to know
I can write an exam in an hour, can't I?
Don't get me wrong, I'm glad the part where I hallucinate and my head is trying to explode out of my skull is over. But come on. End now.
that awkward moment when taylor lautners birthday is tomorrow not today
i decked mine out last week. actually put it together back of car after kickball. haha
Happy holidays y'all
Hooters girls from #Denton will be in the house tonight at
ugliest looking creature known to man kind, you are so ugly it went down on the Guiniess World records.<3
When someone puts a tweet about you then they delete it right after . Shows they not to what they sayin to you
never thanked me for the crown the empire cd I bought him :c
today is my birthday
If you look in the mirror and don't like what you see, put on some fucking make up.
chat sometime this week? tomorrow and thursdays are good days for me. You?
you moved to Iowa? Or just visiting ?
Great meeting you guys tonight!
Haters have no life. They hate someone they don't know and they judge them like as if they know everything. So beat it haters.#notimeforyou#
ha! True!
This week's "Not Cool" and "DVD" Buckets are now up for your listening pleasure at theentertainmentbucket.com!
I look like a mess today but I'm sick so idgaf
I wonder if shit ____ say or don't say will fall until "I Love 2011" or "I Love 2012".
give thanks for the follow!
Pure Power Pop Bliss, Both Jellyfish albums (Bellybutton & Spilt Milk) have been reissued on vinyl. My ears have been on a sugar buzz today.
"RT if you've listen 1D's songs today" Bitch please I listen to One Direction Every day, every hour, every minute & every second of my life
No worries, hope you had a good day! I sure did! I'll do it again and so will other Djs at
Coffee, warm socks & catching up on my favorite show.
haha! done deal :)
A nice hot shower sounds great right now.
lol @ the grape koolaid but that does sounds good right about now...
So if u wanna fall ... if u wanna fall.. if u wanna fall , fall for me. soo giv it up giv it up if u wanna let go u no u gota let go!
Lin-sanity continues. 38 points in win over Lakers.
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW! :)
Rainy day. Have you called your mother yet?
Horror films are doing well in the straight-to-video market, and there is a demand for current-affairs documentaries by foreign broadcasters
Starting a business is hard. If it were easy everyone would do it. A bit of struggle doesn't mean you are damaged. It means you are human.
Africa is a roman word meaning motherland. Funny how a country with its own language has a foreign. Name. Rabbit hole is deep.
Friday night!!!
Drinking some budlights with friends watching da Spurs kick ass!!
extra pressure on away team to win game 3
bukake fantasies lived out w/ paint, sub-par djs, sweat in your crack, what part of that doesn't appeal to you?
why don't you like Romania?
2:30am wide awake. I have to be up in 2 hours for work :(
Thank you sweet friend!!!
Nothing happened. All the stormy weather never came to pass. Now I have to water my lawn.
You know you're old when your hangover lasts more than 24 hrs.
Do you hear that, that's the sound of couch's burning in Morgantown WV
Oh wo, happy to be home and chilling
double-checking queries and numbers in tables... in-between prepping my lecture for tonight's class
wow mayne! Damn how can a brotha get there to do some shows. Lol. I know its poppin.
My soul hurts an I'm stuck.
I feel you. New York is making me feel that about Boston.
A year ago I had a back injury and followed a good nutrition program to help speed up my recovery
Same to you! I'm be at #salesforce #cloudforce NYC. Let's meetup.
Giving opens the way to receiving.
Good morning
thai food is bomb, I got some last week lol
I vote yes.
Wine down Wednesday! 50% off all bottles of wine under $99 w the purchase of an entree!
enjoy it while you can, our rain in Columbus is coming your way
Geek Quiz: tonights catagories. Punches and Kicks - "Real Hybrid Animals, or something we made up""Back-Up Singers" "Classic Round" 8p start
wish there was same-sex adoption then I wouldnt have lost my daughters - mothers day is going to hurt- fifth one
we've had friends with Sunday River condos (I used to practically live at SR in summers as mtn bike DH racer) offer to host...
glad to hear it's healing up! And of course I'm gonna ask brother! Let me know if there's anything I can do for ya!
I can't wait for a #Sobelman burger tonight with and !
True, not much out there and change can hurt some. Chris Paul deserves a coach he respects, not getting that sense from CP3
RT Not being a weirdo but exercise makes me feel happy haha!
that's the motto nigga YOLO
I thank God for my job! Anybody hiring? ;)
FEELING WINDBLOWN
“If you invest in the future of others, that investment is guaranteed to grow,” ~Chris Spielman
#Obama-depicting Shepard #Fairey () reportedly may do a new movie of #Orwell's _1984_. Apt? Ironic? #BIGBROTHER HAS A POSSE.
Don't get mad get FOLLOWERS
what's going on in DC? 2nd outage in a week.
Thanks again for joining us yesterday You guys made for a fantastic panel.
Keep your church out of my sex life and I won't have sex in your church
Choose from a wide array of Spa and Salon options at Martha's - get 50% off for just a few more hours! www.crowdclick.com
yup and he is the first to tell you how great he is. I just find him annoying.
Stuffed Turkey en route to Signature Cigars-Perhaps it will be our featured cigar one day next week? Gobble, gobble
there hazel.
Just an FYI, online ticket sales will be ending tomorrow; however, we will be selling tickets at the door!
Colorado civil unions bill is defeated by House committee in special legislative session. Source: AP
Thanks man! :)
STRAIGHT TO VM YOU GO
Happy B-Day Mr. Baseball Bob Uecker.
Mennonites, Dunkards, Reorganized Church of the Latter-Day Saints, Shakers, Harmony Society...
Just now saw your response. Homeboy has some ill concepts. Mos def want those salmon joints!
Stay Prayed Up..Humble...Lifted...Focused..
that sounds like my record collection!
Very funny listening to newscasters figuring out how NOT to have to say Eyjafjallajokull. "The volcano..." "That volcano...." "It..."
I swear, singing can make the most boring of activities enjoyable :)
All clear! Max passed his hearing test. Woot! (with Sarah)
Looks like I may be stuck in Denver as they experience their first blizzard of the year!
Correction: people wearing shorts in this weather.....are just stupid.
Epicenter for this a.m.'s earthquake was about 2 miles from my house. A few things got knocked over, picture frames a little crooked.
on RIGHT NOW!!!! Go Jamar!!! Praying for you!!!!
Stack yo money up
- What is the Avvo Conference?
Sick of all the suck ups! #LoveYourMusic ~ That is my message. #<3frGABiebs Miss U being here ! #TheVarsity :-)
love it RT : And now for today's installment of New Terms in Music Writing: Outrolo (noun): Outro guitar solo
Hey there. Hope you are enjoying your night :)
What does it mean? Never heard it in NY.
so who goes to #cocoaheads in #pittsburgh?
yup i wanna know all of them
I just realized I have natural #highlights! That's epic!
Hey, you know what I found in my spam filter last night? Your evite. So... sorry I suck. Hope it was fun. :-)
Happy 4th of July!!
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO THE MAHOMIES. THIS WILL BE OUR YEAR! 2012!!!!!
Thank you for supporting
don't mess with and u won't get a shit ton of crap said to u cuz after all this is
Dullahan to win.
told that's gonna be your favorite store
thanx! We r from Seattle, WA & u?
What!? It's in the DJ Handbook! RT : I rarely drink coffee when we have it!
Sounds like a good idea. I think I'll do the same.
#ASECS12 ...showing how text draws upon orientalist discourse to distinguish themselves fr Europeans.
Aye, I love u too :)
Sounds like someone I know....
": Pissed the hell off" u pissed?? Nnooo I cant believe it (sarcasm) lol
lmao mfrs should add me to the list then
Autograph Joe Tait book "Its been a real ball" 216-623-7449 or 623-7420&purchase a ticket for our April 18th event and it is yours.
over 100 emails down to zero emails in less than an hour. I think I just set a record for myself!
#agt. Arsenal got trounced?
Dance rehearsal tonight for a music video shoot this weekend!
Hey gone! Where u been? How are u?! I missed u! ;D
Need to finish #SteigLarsson's The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo, before it comes to the big screen!
oh you're lovely!! have to say again you are looking amazing miss!! Don't think I'm coming tonight Hun x
RT : Did you know cash buyers made up 30% of the market for 5 consecutive months? Learn how to leverage this in your biz:...
Is it bad to have twice as many tweets at I have followers?
I'll tell you what, this is an important policy issue, but it doesn't sell papers
Great minds think alike! (and help rationalize spending money:))
Want to know the way to my heart? #Cookies #Mac&Cheese
Kenny G. Concert this weekend to benefit Shriners Hospitals for Children-PDX tweet me if you are in town and want tickets
#NowPlaying Let Me Think About It by Ida Corr ft Fedde Le Grand
I don't think we would. At all. No one would. That's why wars start, and why people die.
Enable Twitter with your location and use #injured #lost #hungry tags. @ me and you'll be in the feed for help
We will have a fun Valentine's Day contest coming next week!
Butt ass naked >>>> Naked
I love, love, love Santa Monica!
“ <U+2764>#Amen RT Stay strong! Your test will become your test-imony, your mess will become your mess-age.”
Knicks lose...Rangers lose...bad night for NY sports & now the Rays have the bases loaded w/ no outs in the 9th vs. The Yankees...SMH
I got bored with it last year, so I haven't watched this season either. I think it's been on eight years? That's a good run.
I WILL RIDE NO QUESTIONS ASKED FOR & THEY FAMILY 4LIFE & LOYAL TO THE CAUSE OF LOYALTY & FAMILY
she took my virginity!
Last summer was hands down the worst summer of my life
There's so much to do+see n Istanbul!! U should enjoy :) :)
It makes me really happy to know I live in a neighborhood where people will open their front doors and blast Etta James onto the street.
lmao because I know there won't be any flood if portland is not involve.:-) ..Dwl
Sadly, agreed. Seeing them all at the same time, I'd choose &
the point of relationship is to bring high hopes. You have righteous friends to bring you hope and joy.
Thanks, Kate!
This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak
Parcheesi invented in India about 500 AD. It came to the US about 1860. We are not early adopters. tierney
smoke pole!
Well, was suppose to start tomorrow but looks like that may not haappen!
okay she said she's not in the house and hung up... Where the hell???!
#RT ; If You Single !
I don't I dislike him because he sucks and his players don't respect him
Just started watching season 4 of True Blood. Wha?!?!
some people haven't heart.
hey! I've been good, you? (:
Join us to #FixSchoolDiscipline!
You just stole my tweet ! ):
yes we're based in DC
QOTD: "I'm in the throes of reality remorse." -Jen Muñoz
Good Morning, World! We hope that all of you have a great and productive day! Smile, you never know who's day you can make by doing so!
Ready 2 share the word of God @ Myrtle Baptist Church, Rev. Brandon Crowley, Pastor. The weather is cool in Boston but I have a fire within
#Healthtip: Add more protein to ur diet meatlessly. Quinoa (keen-WAH), an ancient grain that looks like couscous, packs 8 grams of protein!
he looks like he's going to bite your face off!
maybe i'll take it for a test drive on my laptop to get a feel for it without committing.
“: when it rains it pours :( hope your night gets better” thanks girly! Me too!
meeting tonight for fashion show at 6
nothin much just on my way to work a few hours of overtime lol I'm a workaholic. How r u?
first loss of the season 4-1. We r 8 points clear at the top of the league tho:) xx
Mission: Bridesmaid dress shopping. Day 1: Fail. But these fashion forward chicas WILL conquer!
Afterlife tonight for beat the scene show series part 3!!!
Who would lie about being with Cody??? Oh yeahh so jacked up FattyWhomper tht doesn't have a life!
Some BART Delays still. Bay Area Rocked by 4.0 at 5:33 am. No damage to station. All is well. How Are You?
Miss more then two and someone will be coming after you....
Sat with pal at lunch and compared notes on managing editorial departments.
At school bout to get my learn on #beauty n
#40dollars could mean the difference between sending the kids to a public or private school for us next year!
be safe.. big data chick!
the site received just under 1,200 hits on the launch on Sunday and thanks to the blogosphere we're up over 3,000 today
i have my whole wedding planned b/c of pinterest.
Thanks for these
RT : Repay a deficit of trust! Love it. #SuperbowlSOTU I'd love to see that. Can we make a testimonial video?
I am so happy, beyond blessed and privileged to be who I am
Is Halle Berry still calling the paps and letting them know where she going to be??
late start come back
damn, I wish I was in Cali
I've been saying it all along. Bench Romo, then trade him. Not necessarily in that order.
Sick as a dog! I have to ace this final exam tomorrow!
Love it when someone gets out of prison and EXCELS!! Go Vick!!
Show starts in minutes,Louisville football ...charley vs the media...is there ever a winner in these things? Crawford from CJ on at 405
First time my friend heard Much Better- Jonas Brothers she was all "make love tonight with you, woah jobros gone dirty"
Take stretch breaks every couple of hours if you sit at a computer all day - make sure to take deep breaths too!
Bronson has left the ballpark... Heading shoot...excitement growing
At a point where I know it is best to take my friends advise even though my heart it begging me not to.
tumblr's servers are down so idk what to do with my life.
im free any of those days :) beach monday?
be my friend!!!!
"Let the wild rumpus begin!"
It's a lot harder to find my cat in this bigger house :/
I need q smoking buddy rite now
writer/tog for Scoutmob Seattle - looking for good recs, the up-and-coming type. Would luv a unique local place. thoughts?
Happy Star Wars Day!! May the Fourth be with you!
": Banger at that jacob lockhart kids tonight!!" Yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Unless you have a tail, then you can't come!
I had to make my own!
Why don't you hop into DPU1 and fly over to join us in Florence? The kids would love it.
Word! I use a program to track unfollowers and then I do the same to them.
Rip Michael Burks. Amazing Blues guitarist.
as mr rogers used to say.. it's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
Oh my goodness. We should take Ugly Christmas Sweater pictures and make Christmas cards out of them!
Love you back! <3
ima blow up your phone
Having some great laughs with at the saac :) Only thing keeping me alive in this place right now..
It's a great song! It really is.
: will check later. Thanks!
SM Town LA, Google concert, COME TO ME
Spring cleaning always make me wonder how the fuck I accumulated so much shit over the past winter.
Count your smiles instead of your tears; Count your courage instead of your fears.
McGarry: this discussion is not just about cost, it's about public safety. We know a lot more today about what works than we used to.
Interviewed by MoreFM Nelson and Blenheim Sun about Oranges at Halftime - a lot of interest in the grassroots rugby story!
Now that all my shows have had there season finales what am i suppose to watch lmao
With great sadness I have to tell you that I'm no longer coming to Madison. Sorry kid. Have fun tomorrow and don't get arrested.
Ten years ago today, Allen Iverson was just sittin' there, talkin' 'bout practice.
Need Sumone to txt
We don't, we swear! How can we help? What are you recording?
.#FF RT : How do you ask an Aussie to pass the Coffee Mate without sounding redundant?.
Happy New Years
man. When you sign up to follow the Blazers on Twitter, they take over your page!
We rae now featuring “Landscape of Wonder II” by our new Artist of the Month: Richard Ely!
Thanks for the info on coffee
Pull Wolf NOW!!!!!! #cardinals v
haha i know :o im actually trying to move up to seattle
Grassy Knoll got a new hair cut. Fields looking nice for a game today
LCP asks: Ever find yourself watching "Lopez Tonight" more out of racial guilt than because you think it's any good? AT ALL? Just sayin'.
Good morning! Did you accomplish all your #fitness goals this week?
I hate when I get these random depressing moods when I think about you.
Gas is so expensive that after I filled up my two vehicles, my bank called and asked if my credit card was stolen.
Welcome to Queens, NY where my LGA airport hotel happens to be a lesbian sports bar.
It still makes me feel so good to be in the same city with you. With no regrets, Ill listen to your music all day long. #TheBornThisWayBall#
Free Jolly.
Ok friends, you'll have 2 forgive me today--I'll be tweeting all day about my Open House! I'm just 2 excited! Come by-7915 Cerezo!
Bucket o’ beer? Check. Cabana? Check. Yep, today’s going to be a good day.
If this is what I think it is, it will be the last time. I refuse to do this again.
This weeks camp is officially over. That's it for us till after new years!
like yahhhh :p arent you sick?
Boston needs more bookstores! Though and are great places to spend the day browsing.
love is not enough!
Lmao so not funny im thirty ashell
Thanx for the shout-out for our #PAS2012 Sat AM session on Web Tech in your Twitter note!
I never do! I haven't gotten sick in forever! Maybe it's just a sore throat... lol
What fed suit # is this for TX, btw?
Old head at my 3 brang em out and let em hang
oh I like those too!
A5 I dressed up like Spot the dog for a children's event at the Tattered Cover. Can't beat that!
wow word travels fast! Seems to be doing better this morning. Keep him in your prayers.
This Week Only- Buy 1 Get 1 50% Off on All Fruit & Nut Bars! Use Code OW7FE through November 12
Her pussy must be Good P?
JB is not that you give us your real phone number
did you see IU coach Tom Crean's comments about our Cats?!
#Badgers now is your time!
if u love just bieber please follow me I heart him so much please follow me and make me and justin smile cause he is the best now 4ever!
LIES! Y U NO FOLLOW ME?
Very cool! I should send you a prize--a free copy of my book?
thanks! I'm gonna have my mom gps them now
Please. The US sells more arms than anyone in the world.
To bed I shall go<U+E056>
I am listening to a jackass have a phone conversation, and am struggling with the self control keeping me from punching him in the face
“: Who thinks wearing the same kit as Rafa to an actual Rafa match should be illegal. I say All tennis gear
you never could keep up with me ;)
So Jim Butcher inspires you. I also like him. I also am inspired by Roger Zelazny. I am working on improving my writing.
did you find out about your test yet? When is the the Twins - Rox game you're going to.
"...And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition" -Steve Jobs, 2005
Just wanted to say thanks to everyone who showed up at any of the Artists' Bloc Downtown events, last week!! Awesome work, great feedback!!
the join mymafia is not from me! don't do it!
baking cupcakes yum.
ive been drunk and high these past 60 days ...smh
We wrapped today! Then we started a Facebook page!
Dear Your "instant flyer" service worked great for the event I threw yesterday, but now I can't log in. A little help? Thanks!
Bullfogs with Steven for the texans game
: your tweet makes you just as ignorant as Charlie Sheen. You obviously know nothing about Michigan.
I really do love the IKEA e-folder idea. Super cute, fun and totally on-brand.
Well maybe I'll mosey on your way sometime. I'll bring the cornbread
THE RAID beat me black and blue and tossed me on the hospital doorstep. This is the kind of action movie you use as a teaching tool.
Y is my damn #twitter unfriending people. #It'snotmeipromise
I'm tellin ya, the whole "WHITE OUT" thing works in out favor! :)
probably time to change gears.... basically done with 2011... or is it?
RT A constitutional amendment. A super committee. How many ways will Congress invent to avoid voting to balance the budget?
understand the key factors in the math behind viral marketing and use to figure out what it takes to get viral growth-David Skok
Switching between Glee and LA Complex ..
Where higher than a mother f#$%er
I'll keep an ear out!:) also, #eatmorenuts!
Help us reach our goal to distribute diapers to children n need. We are currently @ 3099 diaper's. Have a diaper drive to support our cause.
Follow me and I will follow back...
Thanks for the RT and the cool images of Marilyn on your twitter page. I haven't seen a few of them, the rest are iconic.
The post office and FedEx all suck a bag of dicks.
Wow...that *is* a nice boss.
I'll be there cam! RT : Playin @ westwood music Saturday night with my Band o' Buds... It's gonna be a SHOW! Come one and all!
is sitting outside the airport and refusing to get out of the car. So instead she and Nick are listening to country music.
text me real quick
These hoes dikes so you might lose yo wife
I like-ah tha dark ones
#InLittleMonstersWorld Everything is perfect
W.aolcitysbest.com for bday ideas
"I'll turn my head. ;)" biggest lie you've ever told young lady! Smh.
it was funny how Don Mattingly; who played the position for his entire career was told he was wrong when he argued.
Maybe it's over already cause this night didn't go as planned<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Can't give af about a bitch that don't care about..
Miss Lotus we'd love to have you visit the store next time you visit NYC ;-) we can compare collections! (from )
"That shit crazed" - Kanye West, dismissive Antiques Roadshow appraiser
I been feeling extra #emo lately....out of the normal #pisces tendencies...
Loquat is an amazing local band that I recently discovered...loving these songs!!! Let's play together!!!!! Pretty please???
Alex Flinn reading from Bewitching & signing at Books & Books in Coral Gables. 7 to 8:30 2nite
I'm losing patience with the draft. The few teams I was cool with Kawhi landing with, are passing him up.
No goal fuck you
Is she going play school now ?
is my hero! Not only did she just donate to MiT but she's the newest member of our Advisory Board!
boys who can dance everything with me <3 . <3
can't sleep, too much shit going through my head right now
going out of town this weekend and on the actual day I don't know yet haven't planned it yet
thanks for the mention today! We are big fans :)
I hate that sends me these vids
Nice job by , earning his first win on the Orioles beat.
Hey, suddenly something ' happened and I got connected. Hey tweeps.
Yay! We couldn't wait to see your reaction. :) Thanks so much for sharing your picture, & enjoy your new pretties! <3
Who's getting ready for #BostonMarathon?
Yeah I've seen that too. So you're telling me Reggie Bush can't truck Patrick Willis time after time in real life?
I love you #pens but you fucked up.
the 1st episode is crazy, especially the opening but it's gets better. Things are heating up now
2 Eliteist ultra rt. obstructionist Tea Party on Taxing ! Give unto Ceasar the things that r Ceasars & unto God His things (cont. next post)
You too and happy Saturday!
yours is much more practical lol
they had a good amount of cash. there of course were also affluent non americans who bought american art
Our numbers are a bit down today, but we still have good attendance at our meeting. Learning about physics, astronomy, seasons etc.
yeah I was thinkin bout ya haha...well Congrats anyway!
effectively makes the case why Shoah Foundation videos shouldn't be uploaded on YouTube
Thanks so much for the great time I think I had last night......... Three Floyds makes some damn fine beer.
Hahaha, dope! where is that at?
I know! I made myself cry myself to sleep over it. Carrying around Mocking Jay today hoping I find a second to crack it open!
My family = crazy.
I think I'm dyslexic, like no joke lol.
I'm so screwed.
OMG I'm soo hungry!! Lol I have no idea what my problem is tonight!
when I get to start scrimmaging, I'll let you know. Then you can come cheer for me like I know you want to ;)
Thanks for the Follow! :)
Have you had an authentic conversation today?
Jireh worship w/ th developmentally disabled 2nite this is an amazing worship service I luv it
sweet laying with my little girl waiting for the same thing <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
ok no problem. Have a great day.
They're trying to fix stupid :)
Big Question of the Day: What is everyone's favorite homemade Thanksgiving dish??
TE with first-round fantasy value? Graham could break barrier ...
You crack me up, Ingrid. Where's the Like button on Twitter? :)
lots and lots of beer.
fantastic!!! I do like a salted rim ;P
Cool thanks... We'll try to help you guys out.. If you guys get featured later, we will place you guys in the Talent section
It was intense... RT : Holy cow!
How is it I scheduled today off, did all my work for today yesterday, and came in the office today in hopes of nothing to do to more work?
Great idea! RT Are you tired of never having enough money? Do what I did makingeasymoneyathome .com
is a guppie
yes please! That is getting kinda old!
hmm , NOW what am i gonna do today ? -___-
When you're through changing you're through.
I just applied to appear on single ladies
God Bless the people of Haiti who are fighting for their lives tonight. God always seems to show me how blessed I truly am.
Mommy around?:-)
I'm sorry I'm being an annoying little girl, constantly asking you to follow me. But I can't help my obsession. ;)
THAT MOMENT WHERE YOU RETWEET ME AND I NEARLY HAVE A MILD HEART ATTACK LMAO! :)
Time to tuck in to the sweet sounds of cats having violent sex in the driveway. Ah, Somerville.
*laughing* Good thing, too!
people change, memories don't.
Always warn someone before putting them on speakerphone.
Watcha doing for De Mayo?
ditto. ": i'm positive my neighbors think im some barefoot, wild titties, crazy hair amazon escort who always comes home at 4am."
Last day of high school ever.... this is so surreal...
My dad always used to tell me that sometimes the best pat on the back was about two feet lower and a little bit harder.
thanks so much! we miss you!
": this cat is a Tennessee fan!! I wonder if they make bruce pearl jackets for animals. #getonitpetsmart!
#Browns fan! Brandon Weeden will b on Gruden's QB Camp @ 7pm est. On ESPNU. Check it out.
*smiles* such a flirter!
Eagerly awaiting the alumna perspective on Mr. Obama's speech at Barnard today.
Hm they go together??? Wtf!
Beware the diva bearing "improvements"
So damn bored can't wait to go home
Did anyone else get those sleeves that had all the random knowledge on them? There were like 5 subjects? Came in all kinds of colors?
"I like your face. Get away from me" ...circa just now.
Vice Mayor of Long Beach reading a lovely essay on the future of a city in South Africa, but hard to follow as a talk.
followed back
Great works are often born on a street corner or in a restaurant's revolving door. - Albert Camus
Balanced piece from on progress and work remaining to build more inclusive Edgewood College://bit.ly/Jgs89p
Congratulations to the American Red Cross who celebrated 95 years of service to Long Island on Friday night.
Why do I think learning about NoSQL is going to be more complicated than just unlearning SQL?
Nice! I'm ready! ;) RT : Seriously! Having a blast with the #svafaculty today! One more day of training! Be ready!
This DAWGS defense is looking mean!
Still trying to find a good scanner for my summer travels. One that's portable but with highest quality imaging.
Life sucks, but then you die.
The peanut gallery in full effect SMH RT : I'm not touching that one. Lol
Petra is a dumb bitch -__-
omg I already did!!! You're in my digi pic frame quite a few times :') FaceTime soon!!
your welcome lol
they closed up shortly after noon & kicked us all out (understandably) - I've moved on.
North Carolina. RT : What do you know...there's another state I don't ever need to visit.
Running some errands and gettin the day going. Alot to do today
Janet Jackson Velvet Rope. Love.
BETTA NOT FIND HER SLIPPIN'...SHE VIOLATED TOO MUCH ON THIS ONE!!! SHE SHOULD LEAVE AMERICA...NOW!
We thank all of Our SNOCLOTHING Follower's/Fan's and We hope you had a Merry X-Mas!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
Let's Go Bucks!!!
That is classic. :)
Missed the beach cleanup because my stupid alarm didn't go off! So bummed
Finding out if they can get me a job
he says dont pick on it
Excited to be shooting photos at The Fray concert tonight at Red Rocks. Not lovin' the light drizzle...
Always wanted to see - pumped to be checking him out tonight. Big ups to !
jason white fan is what u are:) peace
Talk about full service
hey Dylan who's still leading the division?
The team is back in booth 607 at #rethink12. Would love to hear feedback from the #mrx folks on our presentation yesterday.
I applaud you!
Dont put words in my mouth
More narratives are helping to speed up time RT
They refuse to release it in most of the U.S. a totally botched film release.
I think I might totally be lost.
all I got to say is at least that was contested. The FTs are unguarded. Lebrick's been a mediocre FT shooter since he's come in
CDPII is a global project, operating in Paraguay, Kenya, Ethiopia and Tanzania.
Jesus Christ. All right we get it. You're a rebel. Move on.
lmfao I didnt think about that
I dont gotta work tomorrow! Im so excited I almost dont know what to do with myself!!
hahahha, i forgot like half the dance for the flash mob....hahaha
In other news #NFL draft is tonight. Looking forward to Tom Coughlin's picks etc. (#Giants)
I can't sleep, I'm going to work on my twitter background :3
y u mad at him?
Happy Spring!
Only 4% of Saudis said they do not trust the government.
I love my school-class
Emily, you're a strong girl. I've been with you since 6th grade. We've been best friends. I'll always be here for you.
As I'm reviewing for micro exam...Chlamydia is most prevalent in women under the age of 20. #becareful hoes.
why so much hatred towards you from all these tweeps?
I aim to dazzle!
RT You only have till Thursday to register to Vote! Check out www.tobyforaustin.com for more info. on where to get registered.
amen, brother! Go get them today!
you a mess bitch! Get your life togetha
We're counting down! 29 days until opening day!!! Who is joining us in the Miami Beach sunshine March 1 - 3?
awesome day, really excited for this
"You Only Live Twice" Yeah... I'd prefer not to be a zombie. Only reanimators
Henri Matisse~ What I dream of is an art of balance.
Anyone notice Zayn poke Harry's face in the beginning of their prrformance of One Thing..?
the annual DC #cre breakfast at Bens Chili Bowl Friday was great fun. Lots of the veterans, movers, shakers. Thanks!
Nashville, Sign your team up NOW for this Saturday's CityStreak in Downtown. $5 per person and winner takes home $300.
Here's one more deadline, Emerging Professionals! 2012 Jason Pettigrew Memorial ARE Scholarship award program applications are due April 13
Thank you so much for your vote! Be sure to stop by for the next round!
yes David haye is a clown.. But he wants to fight vitali now too right??
Interesting running ProPresenter on one computer for church and keeping up with the UK game on my iPhone at the same time. #Don'tJudgeMe
Its crazy how I have a boyfriend but it doesnt feel like it anymore..
Boutta be at work
not much just tweeting people :) how about you?
Strong #edtech #technapex event. Like the idea of the freemium model in education...but not yet convinced it will pan out for most K12 biz's
You can never understand someones PAIN until you're the one who feels it....,..
he would have been good 2! rt Z. wish it was instead.
I still remember when me and Todd use to tap aka slap box dat sht used to b to funny, A true sad day R.I.P Todd Blackshear
BYRG really thin, running on news, watching...
I don't have the book yet. A few dudes are gonna go in on it with me. I have listened to all the podcasts and read a million..
I want Bayern to crush Chelsea, maybe make them cry a little bit
You never told me you had an interview. I need details.
copy & paste lol
he's for muscles now yayaysya and u have to admit sick ass dance moves
brah I ryde wit u 4lif (con voice)stop playing wit me.Nikka u kno who ride .hit m
don't let your computer be slow on you!
thanks J-go....damn Nuggs! But you...as always....are on POINT! =) MISS YA!
Nothing says no like mace in the face!
Hope ya make it big babe!<3
Dear #Brewers, my scouting report on Kimbrel....Slider, Slider, Slider. Please send my scouting paycheck to home address! #seriously?
Want to get into the movie mash-ups contest? Email Lucas DeJeu, he's looking for actors for Fight Club + Casablanca. lucas.dejeu at gmail
Felt GREAT to see my friends! :D
I don't mean to be a downer, dude, but people "deserve" clean water, safe homes, etc. no one "deserves" a reality show rose.
hahah but you are famous lol
you dont say those things over twitter, shame on you! fly to houston tm, ill miss NYE w/ you! enjoy it!
absolutely! I love fellowship among good people!
sounds like it was just about perfect then!
I don't think there's much I would c. I have a feeling it's in an action that was taken by you or someone else. Interesting jump!
Pauly and Vinnys friendship is way too freaking cute.
Chris Cooper wants to move beyond moody rednecks, and I applaud that, but his performance in The Tempest makes me long for Matewan.
I mean, he's already been hit. Just hoping for the x-ray outcome.
“: I know that was the best ever ! I have it to Jeff! For his kid!” that's awesome
Enjoy y'all day people. God bless
Also, , what's with the commercials with the douchey furries? Are your offices in the Dallas zoo?
Close case ya, duct tape ya !
Holy Moly! Yes please! See you at noon!
#GreatestAlbumsofAllTime Almost Alice, Alice in Wonderland Movie Soundtrack
need more coffee.
We serve 1200 HIV+/AIDS clients in Cleveland. Want to help us make a difference in their lives? Attend on 4-16-11.
I approve your tweet. :)
Thanks, John! Will do.
we are always looking for bands and artists to collaborate with, send us a message =)
that sounds right but we nice guys always finish last.
Good luck ! RT: Half of Roman Gold to bring me luck metal detecting. Not as good as the Ghost Ship. Bit too sweet
Working on the Grown Man logo/symbol. This is going to be epic.
My little sister said: If there was a Harry Potter house of Awesome, would be the first and only ones in it. She's 11.
yes sir! Also releasing a new design for a shirt, I know you asked about some big dude sizes, we could hook it up!
#truestory RT #Virgos will give and give of themselves without really allowing anyone else into their inner world.
When setting the table, does the remote control go to the left or the right of the dinner plate?
Drinking large dunkin coffee and then try and sit through a panel... need to run around!
I've said it before, I'll say it again: maybe for once they're just saving all the funny bits for the movie
thx Tyler! appreciate the note.
o yay...o noo I'm supposed to be going back to fl for my sis babyshower :( poo. She in atl?
Wishing tons of fun at ! Be sure to ask her about #WhyILoveAccountants!
I thought at first you typed "crack radioactivity" - I'm only slightly less confused now.
Looking for some silver and black gear in Oakland
Nighty Night sleepy tight wake up with the sunieshine!
Dessert martinis!!
to star on version of "The Bachelor".
Q:What is 's favorite bar to hang out at? A: the Tool Bar
finalizing content for our big "Editors' Picks" section in our May 944 Picks Issue! custom-designed issue covering what's NEW, NOW and NEXT.
Wow that's beautiful. Is it on the Richmond tour?
My upstairs neighbor is the loudest walker EVER.
Ouch from NY, but accurate sir.
Because if you leave, baby, then leave! Make up your mind before you shut the door!
Did you know that .....2u= 4 halves?
Yes, I do (some). They contribute to multiple sides--and don't want it public that they are "covering the bases."
Listening to Octomom on That is one INSANE chick
I'm great went to an awesome show lastnight
Check out and FOLLOW! !
GO FOLLOW NOW !
It's almost done..
I don't have a kid and I am not having one anytime soon!! Lol
she looks 17..
The almighty pizza box appears in at least 2 ads this month. Finally.
I don't plan on it.
Wait, so they DIDN'T import the new world trade center from Gotham City?
Same ol game just a different day...
I wish all my followers on Twitter a Happy Chanukah
All I took during my last visit was a gown. Hollie wins.
Yes, you'll have to pardon me. Every now and then I lapse into a "Friends" joke.
Be content with what God has given you, and live out your purpose of glrifying God only! HE>i
My baby is making me watch JUICE... damn this movie is fucked up but good!
im hungry too
Me too!
Headed to a skillet handoff from a friend doing a show above a chinese restaurant in logan square. Yep.
afraid there are probably some work visa issues that would need to be sorted out.
I want my clothes :(
Looks like I am back in LA June 27th. Save the date, lets catch up.
95 people found the site by Googling "Marty McFly"
What is a Resistor and how it works?
there was a sense of this school fading back into its context, trees, falling brick, smashed window and sky.
nope! but i think they'd make an adorable couple! haha
I made my appointment at Edith's Bridal to start #weddingdress shopping!!
black God? lmao
Andrew Gelles Band will play again tonight at 7. Join us for a wide array of music!
You are a culinary daredevil! I would have refused
Was there rioting in Vancouver tonight?
Work much? RT : Back in the office after a quick trip to CA. Today I am reformatting my HD and installing Lion.
Im in traffic wit #DaMovement2 right now!! hit my line
my bed right now>>> #screwschool #dontwannago!
Haii, everyone thats following me please follow my other account thanks i love you guys never forget that <3
FAME & MONEY reveal so much about who people really are..Know we love you Mrs.Christie
Thank you all for voting best burger! And thanks to my great staff for all you do to make it such a great place!
Cady Groves is the best
new haircut (:
I sprained my idiot ankle! I'm pretty smart, but that isn't.
ooooommmmmmgggggggg. followed me.
What do you do? In EXACTLY seven (7) words ONLY.
INSIDE WASHINGTON: Who pays when prez politicks? - Albany Times Union
SMILE!. It'll all work out in the end, it usually does..
we are so excited!
WOW where did the first part of the week go? www.barackbust.com recieving tons of traffic already....
Don't let the things you want make you forget about the things you have.
But...acceptable international survey acceptance rates can be as low as 10%!!!
Let's go Yanks, finally I can get sleep.
were his "initial" objections ever explicitly couched in religous terms, or was it implied?
Watching C.S.I. and they just said a house in Vegas collapsed from termites... think they need to do better research next time on that one.
This fool
Happy last publication day ! Congrats on a great year!
I have a cable card in a TiVo ... no box.
Kendrick looks like he put a few pounds on..
Home sweet home...So i have some downtown in August from traveling...any ideas?
Somebody buy Hamilton some crack so we don't have to worry about him anymore. Thanks!
Bullshit had to stay in the house-_- cause niggas wanna be a send off
#iSummit2012 w Anne Balsamo on rethinking cities: as network, media and culture scape, game world & "practice space" where habits r made
lol -- couldnt sleep and then konked out as soon as I tweeted that.
Last night was amazing. Sdakdbejxmsmdn such an amazing show
Great moment in Phx as Steve Nash leaves2standing ovation, not sure what future holds but not another player I've enjoyed watching more
SNL is the most painful show to watch. People actually find this funny?
Not all things 1 loves to do needs to be about money! Business? Still waiting for my check... ;)
next Friday $10 sandwich and a game @ lucky strike. Lunchtime bowling with you game?
Last day of #railsconf! Did you get a chance to meet the iTriage team?? We are hiring!!!!!
We are so happy to welcome Champion Law LLC to the office today!! We look forward to working with you!
Up a little early but had a good breakfest. And watching the news... Well now that's just to adult for me
Nothing like narrowly missing having liquid dumped on you from high porches & drunk people ambling out into traffic! #mifflin is not cool.
You look pretty today.
and I guess you spell how you want too, huh? LOL! =P
Watching NFL Draft. Go Broncos!
come meet vic cruz tuesday in pk , Im doing a big event with him!
Brady and Lewis exchanging pleasantries I love it..
Follow me please :D,
Kyle gets a cheese burger and you get coal
Toying with recasting a workshop paper as a dramatic dialog. Will it get past the referees?
I fuhked up I kulda ben a better kid but now it's to late to turn bak, Da stripes on my shyrt I earned dat #no regretz
It is annoying af. -.-
#didyouknow senior has a piece in #danceworks!? Guess you'll have to check it out!
yeah I mean my roommate used to go every weekend hiking, but I never went...but yeah i'm down let me know
Me and my mom got soaked today...
love the profile cris...
Big speech at IL Defense Counsel seminar this am-- how to predict damages in civil litigation.
The #allsoilsjazz festival was a huge success as always. Killing show last night.
Mark your calendars for our Health and Wellness Fair at the DEC, April 9, 9 - 4. Demos, presos, and more. www.abil.org/wellness
will raise a glass to you at MML
emotionally conflicted.
Thank for the RT Travis. Hope you're having a great week so far. :-)
Putting together final details for tomorrow night's "Tabula Rasa Gives Back" event! TR clients are so excited to help our needy neighbors!
Cosign on the sleeping pill! RT a sleeping pill would be great right now, plus a chill pill and a forget pill lol
Prepared families are less-stressed families. Review your disaster preparedness plan and supplies, and revise by using fastpreparedness.com
just fucking great
So pumped that I got a parenthetical reference here. Boom.
Nights like this mean one thing. TAKE OUT! Good thing Lulu's Noodles delivers. #padthaidon'tlie
I love the moment when you finally figure out what the film you're making is really about.
Had a good time tonight at The Sag Awards Party Great turnout
No, no, THANK YOU for being such an inspiration ! #Spa well!
LEARN HOW TO LIVE TOGETHER (1 Peter 3:8) A good conversation for people that know that they have been promised a blessing amen! #Sir Court
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress. Epictetus
When we are no longer able to change our situation, we are challenged to change ourselves. Victor Frankl
I just checked yours was the very first one mailed on Feb. 24 same day as Norway, Italy and Belgium. Must come Son!
Putting our brand #WIA #training program to the test. #justpassed #CompTIA #Security+ #exam. #syep where ya at? Get #certs!
TOMORROW IS #recordstoreday! Are you excited? :)
Don't worry. Senior marketing professionals will no be replaced by technology.
#HBO GO only available if you have cable??? What the hell is wrong with you dinosaurs!
Awww Happy birthday little bill
I think my second graders need a visit from Cybrary man sometime this school year! What do you think?
Nothing makes me feel better than when I'm at Southland !
yes sir haha
how did u do that its cul
Congrats to my friend on his new column in the I'll be looking for the debut in tomorrow's paper!
Laugh Out Loud
I'm queuing with who needs 2; I can get one for you!
i really cannot wait to go home, bake, get baked, sleep, be lazy and not give a fuck :)
Congress has will create a committee to travel to Ticonderoga and continue to Canada to aid in the military decisions while taking Quebec.
#LateNightConfessions I don't know where I will travel to or be in 3 months and it excites the shit out of me.
I told my friend that if the boys are at Logan this weekend she's coming. she said okay and told me I was a stalker... I know that
as a result of this, classical Greek requires only a single word to convey the concept "being reamed with a radish"
This 3 year old just called me a butt fucker lmao. Bitch.
I CLEARLY SEE THEM IN MY NEWS FEED, LOL
Never heard of it ^~^
And sometimes I have issues uploading the photos....it's very dependent upon where I happen to be standing .
those green pants are rad!!
So true!!
Pretty sure you got us 50 followers in a day.
listening to We Are Young always reminds me of yall!! =)
FACT: “: Dude, peanut butter is clutch!”
I hate this game already.
Had to meter park today but was able to employ advanced parking techniques to avoid ticket
not fair, i can play every other day besides wednesdays. you'll still lose to that idiot 3 day winner regardless.
My obligation to my children is to protect them from abuse by bio-mom. Since she's been gone my kids have been freed from her turmoil
me also, tell us alfano what was it like to club to some mc hammer?
Well, looks like I'll be headed to the shop at some point. When are you around today?
good music. great company. fantastic weather. perfection.
Keep me in your memory, leave out all the rest.<3
roti lunch is calling me... i think knows what i'm yapping about
First official day of summer vacation. Beach Bound soon....................
Made it in the xibus world orchestra but it's zoo expensive since im from Miami. Can't go :((((
This weekend should be fun
Why can magicians make things disappear into thin air but not thick air?
see hard work does pay off!! used hte #zapcash hash 28 times!!!!!!
Seriously though, look outside.
Thunderstorms sound so peaceful..
Working at the bar, its so slow. Someone save me!
no, he was playing with his kids. Next time!
Good Morning!! This gloomy Monday is forcing me to stay in bed for sure. There's nothing wrong with work in bed, right
“: Awesome feeling attending my 1st #deltasig chartering. Words can't describe how proud I'm to work w/ these men.” and women!
Did you know Elizabeth Bathory, a female serial killer, was probably the inspiration for Bram Stoker's Dracula?
More ideas: build something that the copyright office can certify
RT : I can't give up, although I'm hopeless, I think my mind's gone. All I can do is get my grind on.
Why do I have to be #ForeverAlone? :(
Sometimes it easier to just be an asshole then to care...
Bleacher Report: Buffalo Bills 2012: 5 Reasons the Bills Will Make ...
We want to wish Arlin a happy bday! Everyone go wish a happy bday! We love ya - The girls ;* xoxo
They'll just give anyone a music contract nowadays, won't they?!
Thanks for your support! Can't wait to see you at our Young Children Without Homes Conference in May!
's new song drops tomorrow...
Who wants to have their #FF retweeted by us?
sent some stuff
Beat the breaks off your body fat with intense cardio
Enjoyed reading! Thanks for the tips!
There are no rules in this business except those I set for myself.
Thanks for rt! off laying in sun @ beach ;) <ope yor day is going well :)
Take the day by storm and leave nothing to chance. Cause tomorrow is not promise.
Said i was a freak!
When's it all said and done, it will be worth it. Just work hard, pray, and push on through.#Stressing:/
Goebbels was a dangerous man in PreWar Germany too, How did Austerity work out there? Led to Hitler.
peep peep. Knock knock.
On the 71 bus to the to Haight and a guy is hot boxing the back of the bus. Only in San Francisco
Sometimes stepping outside your box doing something unusual will surprise you..Doing the same thing everyday is boring...Try something *NEW*
Simply introduced me to the site..with your pic/tech savvy background…
*raspy voice* "WE NEED TO STAY THE COURSE!"
thank you!
waiting for king of the hill to come on
please follow me :) . Its free ?
Still havent decided who to vote for today!
No MLB Playoff Expansion for next year
gotta look good getting this run in!! That's what goes through my head!! Haha
AVENGERS ASSEMBLE! Enjoy!! :)
Looking forward to hearing on tomorrow morning at 8.
hahahahaah oh, geez, you made me chuckle,
Got my Google Drive invite! I already like the Google Doc integration but it brings a level of "messiness" that I'm not sure I'm ready for
Tanning with and !
I am so in love with the breakbeat culture.
RT : Rt ths if U R a teacher or student or parent.Follow 2help raise $ 4 solar panels 4 schools & hospitals
birthday and graduation!:D
If he doesn't pay for the first date, leave him
But I'm still excited <3
So what do the Romans 'do,' anyway? Will be useful to know for When [I'm] in Rome...
Social networks. Ning no longer free (boo). Students like Facebook, did not find school use of it intrusive. Pick tools based on tasks. /fin
Only 2 hours left to come by and get your free Original Glazed doughnut with no strings attached! Thank you for celebrating with us!
Good Old War!
Packers or Steelers? What's your vote?
Looking for that new home??? Call today 858.279.7410
RT Congratulations Lisa - you are the 14,000th member of the ICSC Group on LinkedIn! #cre #ICSC - Glad we get to work with you!
We're all in the same game, just different levels. Dealing with the same hell, just different devils.
is the community managers bfast on for tomorrow? Not sure I can make it anymore (next week looks way better)
"Youre the shine to my day." - my favorite Carlos
This is the latest I've stayed up in like 5 days... sad
..... are you straight edge or something?
Did the Browns miss out on getting Tebow to pair with McCoy?
in front of Snackel! :)
follow our personal accounts to please! and thanks :) -Melanie
I wanna go back to the barn.
Actually Boston = 47% White, 23% African American 9% Asian 18% Hispanic--Just ask your favorite white guy from Boston
Tickets for DOING TIME-THROUGH THE VISITING GLASS r in process of selling out Last show 7pm Blackbox Theater.
": Don't cry over the past, it's gone. Don't stress about the future, it hasn't arrived. Live in the present & make it beautiful."
Headed to Summerfest to see Kanye West!
thank you.
rain and thunder please go away, I have a math test 1st period too..oh joy....well thank god it's friday
completed her food and exercise diary for 02/29/2012
Tip 4: Power - Just being a semi-regular at the golf club restaurant or polo field where you are able to introduce your date to.
will you be at SXSW this year?
Born of Osiris's the discovery has the coolest theme ever. Tell me do you trust me to lead you, tell me if you're feeling alive!
you sure do travel a lot!
So, I guess that just about wraps it up then?
I'm done! I can't believe the semester is over; thank goodness!
RT : Just dropped off a bunch of awesome Spring looks at Ensemble: Austin Indie Designers, come and check out our new looks!
Uh oh, A&E is going to see that tweet and start developing Yard Sale Wars immediately!
2day in 1862 Gen. Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL & SC. Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
Joe I spoke with Tony in regards to the Charity Poker Tournament that Im holding,I was wondering if you are interested?
Make it 73! (mentions)
Thanks Colleen! Looking forward to catching up next week when things calm down (post AAM & graduation craziness.) #muchlove :)
We just tuned all the bikes up for yet another busy weekend in MKE! Now go for a ride and let us know how it goes!
maybe its the other banks employees who are pissed PNC didn't take bailout money.
Yup, on the ground in Tampa covering for client Following everyone's updates though not the same! How are you?
at least Comic Book Guy is funny.
Watch for massive reviews & pics from 2009! Keep your tweet on and get ready to ROCK the next one! Thank you and goodnite!
Bill Watterson~ Careful. We dont want to learn from this.
What business needs to start investing and create jobs is less uncertainty on their cost structure, including health care - Richard Fisher
wow you are good
Hi, all! I'm Jill and I made granola bars for the first time this week.
Shyt Belizean Moms' Say....: via my upbringing precisely.
On the way to Denton to a friends graduation.
Looking forward to my first flight home since moving to US. Hoping to buy a same-day upgrade into the awesome Club World!
Why we glorify a life of sinnin, then turn around put it on wax and sell it to children
I've been workin' all night, man What's a young kid gotta do to blow up...
what a blessing man !
Our December Double Point Dish is our entire Tea Bar selection of hot loose-leaf teas!
lol. whatre you going to be doing this weekend?
good one.
I love sneezing
y u no say gud bai?
Reminds me of Marvell: "My vegetable love should grow / vaster than empires and more slow."
expect something in the mail c:
Happy Easter/Resurrection Day Everyone!
yeah, not til mid-March. Unfortunately I'm not going this year :(
yup. bye hoeeee. ;)
thanks for follow ^^
99% of girls are fake. The 1% are taken...
Not yet but working on it
This is about as good as it gets. 16, 17, and 18 at TPC Sawgrass.
But in the end it's all worth it
Thx for following! We help fund startups/co's that are premature for banks. I loved ur site! Congrats on the name change :)
what ?:O
Calling cloud-related startups! LaunchPad submissions for #StructureConf open until May 11. If you qualify, submit yours now:...
If you're not looking at "anchoring" versus zones you're missing out on a great way to play. Especially vs 2-3, 1-3-1
very nice! I just snapped a few good ones on PCH. Enjoy your time down this way...
My wittle baby sister is going to prom today :*) luv ya sissy
D3 Legal extending good luck wishes today to M.M., C.L. and R.W.! Also, heartfelt D3 congrats to A.C. & V.F-C.!
Happy Martin Luther King day!
#ThingsILookFor : A reason to Love
I saw one with a gas sniffer but she didnt drink it! IL
Swag attack.
And then that problem I spent over an hour on was gone in a flash and flying down west Johnson
hey. follow back? <3
Omg dark chocolate mint M&M's are amazing!!!
": Days like snakes crawling up your legs."
Mia to NYC. Here we go. Fam, friends, and biz.
Following you to. Your service sounds great.
He's infamous for that 2yr probation bullshit. I was just fined $144 for walking home drunk. Shoulda drove.
Belting/ Singing "On top of old Smokey" all night with && :) or the "Meatball" song hahaha <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0098>
Finally home
Thank you for the RT. Wishing you the best!
This game has been the polar opposite of Syracuse-Ohio State. Refs are letting both teams play, and the game has been more fun to watch.
Hugh Hardy of invites you to Monday's opening night reception for Kevin Roche at Museum of the City of NY. Reply or DM for info!
Mother's Day is quickly approaching!!! Get 15% more added to your giftcard until May 15th!!!
We open in less than a week. You're not going to believe how intense this is. It's like the X Games of psychological drama.
looking forward to the weekend, what do you have planned?
not yet:-(
When is your "Get It Girl" video dropping?
ACC = A Crappy Conference! Time for the #Noles to leave for
#Grindependent! LolRT : art thou shall save thy bread and then invest in ones self,
DONT WAIT TO GET YOUR TICKETS TO HAVE A NICE DAY CAFE TO SEE GIVE YOU SOME #TATTOOMUSIC LIVE
Looking forward to having staffers come to share about #kony2012 here at ; thanks and
My night to wake up w/ baby for 3am bottle. Requested permission to feed her at IHOP so I can have coffee & short stack. Wife vetoed.
can't wait for the double date :)
Luvin all of my new followers on twitter! Use #kellieluvdown to talk about my song coming out august 20th!
Thank you for your excellent presentation today and for your contribution to our military through Stars/Stripes.
icy hot creme smells like absolute shit.
Enjoying my first 4th of July night off in years with a 360 degree panoramic view of the fireworks from the middle of Tampa Bay!
Just got to in #stpaul to talk about today's festivities! Hope you can check it out at 6!
RT : Wrongkind niggas are the taste makers for the banger's.flyest drive bye shooters u ever seen!
hey! thanks for the follow. there is a link for mediafire now.
off to soccer game #2 tonight! we're going to win tonight- I can feel it!
you need to change your twitter name...
I always wanna try them ..you've mentioned before
Duffy is my choice. I hear he looks great this Spring.
hey #BirtherBlather a new hash to pin on those whacko GOP trolls ! :-) don't bogart that hash my friend !
Looks like Venable's moment of good hitting is over & his average is plummeting. Familiar?
Players sign up so coaches can see you in action don't wait any longer we have all sports
ouch!“: saw a sign on way to airport. "What happens in vegas stays in vegas, except Transy. Take your loss with you"
Where science and fashion connect! :)
Glad the Cubs won, but that 'Go, Cubs, Go' song must be murdered without remorse. (Props to for that line)
ha you just said love haha
Diamonds...a girl's bestfriend is what they say but believe me with the right allegiance girl you're gonna shine anyways....
We like that idea! What about using local grass fed butter too? We wouldn't mind paying more for it.
I hope that crazy bat lady Senator Rosen isn't related to our favorite Rosen.
Just took a walk down H Street to grab a cup of coffee. Beautiful morning! Althought the police/ambulance sirens have been blaring!
Lots of familiar faces at Beer Can Raft!
made arrangements for broken-legged traveler. Assured bulkhead when booking. She had to sit with leg in aisle
i just wanna sleep
best coffee in town
Animal prints are required.
That's such a great quote!
The Blind Man is the only Hunter Douglas Gallery Showroom in Albuquerque!
When you are DOWN to nothing..... God is UP to something! Faith sees the invisible, believes the incredible and receives the impossible!
RT : Tomorrow is the last DWNTWN Miami concert at 6pm in Bayfront Park with Latin Grammy winners Los Amigos Invisibles!...
Confetti cake blizzard <3
thanks Kristen!
Prom needs to be now
I sure will!!
Loved the the underground (beneath, rather than behind, the scenes) tour!
Laker game made me sick to my stomach last night, hopefully we can have a better showing today by the Clippers. -
ChaCha updated their website that they use to do the searches, has had a couple of bugs the past weekend! Sorry!
Gotta get out of this sorority house can't stand being one man in a room with 4 women
Forgiveness does not change the past, but it does enlarge the future!!!
RT : RT if your in need of more followers follow and gain 100+ followers instantly tweet me a <3 if you did <3
#yay so happy is moving to Miami yay I might see him!:) :)
Jason I still find your coverage of the packers to be great. Are you getting Positive feedback?
Smart choices will save you money when building your home. Design your home with a Builder who knows what choices to make.
I'm checking out my favorite poetry cyber haunts.
This new guy better be worth it
I'm 45: will the stock photographers come in the night to force me into a chambray shirt, take my shoes off & foist a tea mug upon me?
very similiar questions i'm discussing on my FB wall.
people still complaining about facebook - just use twitter!
pretty sure i broke my finger today...other then that great day with some great people
Awe 's twitcon is so cute. (:
You have to be kidding me.
When you randomly say I love you<3
Oh damn! I'd kill you if you posted a pic of me sleeping!!! LOL.. #paybacksabitch!!
Hey Mona Lisa, come home; you know you can't roam without Ceasar.
I'm fortunate to work with a great group of coaches.
It don't stop until the break of dawn...
This is a low scoring game.. Man
ill tell you I do
Is it genetic to be good looking and skinny for vampires?
made it through a whole stinkin' hour of Turbo Kick. Good havens. I feel like I'ma pass out.
Good Idea: Taking your kids trick-or-treating on your street. Bad Idea: Taking your kids trick-or-treating on Bourbon street.
I'll come hang out with you!! I'm filled with estrogen...and love
Stop caring what people think. Stop taking caution in your actions, listen to what you want, do what you want, this is your life. Live it. <U+2665>
Organize around unemployment, foreclosures. Reach out. RT So, that was fun, now #wiunion, what else would you like to do?
Sub in the trunk thumpin up against a dead cop
has there ever been a modern first lady that people just hate?
Continue networking TODAY after Kundra's speech ~5:30 at post-OGI tweetup HAPPY HOUR at Clyde's in Chinatown (in oyster room)
I sent them already.
I got away from SUVs. Now I drive something that can quickly get out of their way!
The 1988 move Big which was directed by Penny Marshall was the first movie by a female director to gross over $100 million domestically
I dream about the Birthday Oreos!
Laphier be weird af on Tuesdays
Agreed! Wish I could be there! " Congrats to & you are trending in DC! #Fosterly Hope your event is going well!"
Today in 1777 the colony of New York elected its first governor, Brig General George Clinton. He was also VP to Jefferson and Madison.
yea we need to this friday, do something. U know I need a drink, maybe a few lol.
meet tomorrow 630am. ?
That's what I should have suggested seeing in Seattle. Quality bus system. (if only here...)
i think there runnin out of ideas for barbie. a surfing mermaid ? really.
Any idea when Hulu Plus is going to be available on TIVO?
haha that's like, good luck in some culture or something right?
we have almost the same type :)
let's just meet at 2:30
Think Like A Man made a nigga think
If you use the abbreviation 'ep' for episode, you're spending too much time watching tv and not enough time typing.
follow back
Read this weeks paper!
no problem shout out to miami
Omgad. I can't freaking contain myself! I'm so damn excited!
Can i get a RT? Been my favorite player since
aw I miss Trident! I used to work at Spruce Confections :)
Growth is the process of self discovery.
If only the heat can get past the pacers. If not, bahahaha bandwagon fans.
where are u and what are u doing? It's catch up time lady!
Writing an essay that's due tomorrow & was assigned about a month ago... #straightlaggin (<U+FFE3><U+30FC><U+FFE3>)
Bring Em Home Kotsay #cardinals v
Running home to watch #ManUtd v Glasgow Rangers with #Gordonramsay , if he starts any sectarian chanting i'll tell him to fuck off.
#HappyFriday & wishing all of our followers who celebrate Yom Kippur a great holiday!
hi 8 do you like thin mints? - i prefer peanut butter patties but yes IB- Vinny <U+E32A>
Got it! So glad we connected!
they better not be!!
Weight training helps stave off dementia, study finds
Traffic school is by far the most boring thing i've ever done.
Mark 11:24 KJV Therefore I say unto you, What things soever ye desire, when ye pray, believe that ye receive them, and ye shall have them.
I hope so - on both counts! Are you following #Blog4BizHI for more tips?
After your Wii dance-off with the Rynster, don't forget we're skyping! I'm talking to you !
I've lost over 10 lbs this month and feel great!
Wow, really just said that the Clemson Tigers "take on another team from the state of Virginia ... West Virginia" tomorrow.
And Hudson played with Lorraine Bracco's dog this morning. Who else will we see today?
Appreciate the folo Chris! Thanks.
what day would we goo onn?
Are any of my followers fanatics? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
: Please introduce federal legislation to license & regulate online #poker in the US! Thank you.
I am so bored.D; I need someone to talk to. :\
#IUsedTo use Facebook & make fun of twitter-- now I use twitter and make fun of Facebook
Inquiring minds want to know...Who is your favorite woman leader (world, local, business ) and why?
youre a plant???
About to watch Real Steal
The past few days, anything pisses me off. I'm sick of being stressed.
music sounds better with you
“All the darkness in the world cannot extinguish the light of a single candle
RT Nashville peeps, head on down to Center Stage now for the Kix Brooks video shoot! Bring your friends!
Just heard about this great new product from called Asprin!
Felt a little bad for giving a thumbs down to Bonnie Tyler's Total Eclipse of the Heart on Pandora but it had to be done
:O im so sorry!!!! I did but im so sorry!! D:
I wish I could make it for the Iron Chef event tonight! Have fun.
Cold wet and rainy!! Pork Verde Chile, Tortilla Soup made fresh each day and don't forget Chile Relleno Friday.17 years family owned!!
Warwick is among the finest basses ever. Warwick is my first choice whenever & wherever I play. They're well worth the money.
ya ya dont be mad cuz ur team lost :p
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms, Grandmoms, Aunties & other Special Women out there sharing that Motherly Love! Thankyou!
I DO Check Out My Profile And You Will See I Do ! I DO! I DO! Beleve IN Kenny Chesney.......LOL
...I either want a Benz or a Beamer -Outkast
My baby comin home:) cant wait!!!!!
An angel from the devil.
Responded to FIRE @ 2242 85 Street, Brooklyn, NY 11214. Red Cross auto update.
MLB radio is easily worth 20 bucks a year.
This poem that I'm writing may never end... I hope audiences and readers will contemplate much after reviewing it.
Thanks will c if I can get it 2 u by christmas!!!
It is so hard to get out of bed when the cool spring air is coming in through our open windows.
Connecticut Ave NW northbound closed at N St. due to police activity.
chillin bruh. We should link up sometime man. U get a new phone?
Nope. Still misses the point, which is the need to express desired changes in terms of biz value, not technology.
Could be because Walker is the incumbent?
when i look into your eyes i know that it's true god must have spent a little more time on you
this girls legs is on the line tonight doc.
So happy it's mine and my loves 8 months today it's been so amazing I can't wait to see her today
well not finished
lets do it ill be your sponsor
Working on a Rails API. Anyone have resources for good auth strategies? Using SSL but don't want to reinvent the key signing process.
"I Am More Than My Next Meal"
Who is trying to win the Action Item Prize Pack from us?!
Hidden Park Photo Shoot?
Thanks for the #FF!
Know those girls that try to act cute during class and like say stupid shit to get attention? Its like just shut up your annoying as fuck.
It's official. I have peony envy.
I think I'm stressed.
May the fourth #FF - - because these three make up part of my rebel alliance.
Now they just eat all my food and lay around the house!
and congratulations! The ZICO team has moved onto the finals. Come down to AVP at 3PM to see Brooke and Lauren play!
Those Ron Paul supporters need to accept the fact that now he's gone #Obama is the clear choice.
Usher- Climax is about love, NOT sex! HOES -_-
School thing tonight :o
#LiteraryEvent 5/15 7p Books: Portland Woodshop Writers #reading “Who’s Your Family?” a unique #family #storycollection (free)
17 days until #RAWconf! Don't forget to pay your registration, e-mail your moderator your paper, and submit for the Sherry Clarkson Prize!
looks like your account may have been hacked!
Hangin' w/ my peeps at #nafsax ! , , Already had gr8 ed abroad meeting this morning. Off 2 c
& New York!
True but I thinking more along the lines of the dashboard being a replacement for the dedicated spotlight screen.
what's it called..? is it as addicting as temple run lol
2.When go to an interview is believed the center of the universe,
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Great and u
if your a 1D fan..there on Teen Nicks Obsess This right now ! (:
Really enjoying from the U.S. National Archives. Albert Einstein's immigration papers and a plug for the census.
Hair is done!! Woohoo! : )
whats good with you
Asses to die for down here...
pray on it cuz
Lots of excitement in Gallatin too. Flooding, rescues, cars under water all around me. I'm still dry so far. Scanner been crazy all morn.
I think I'll be more willing to wake up if I'm not verbally abusive at 5 am
Just finished my photo shoot at the Hollywood Sign to help launch "The McCracken Live! McChristmas McSpecial" this week. Stay tuned!
please convey our prayers to all our friends there. Thank you for caring enough to get involved.
#IHateThatFeeling you get when you feel that everything is going wrong...
Our pleasure and gratitude for your important work
Happy Mother's Day, Mariann!
follow me :( grancyyy :| im also waiting
but I need help to Sue
Every time I read/hear about a new tech start up that is blowing up, i say to myself "Why didn't I think of that?!" This trend sucks.
Always our goal for our fans: High quality, NYC style, live theatre brought to local northern NJ venues. Limited runs. Don't miss them.
If I sat in the stands, I'd wear my favorite color: red.
The jokes and playful banter that come forth
haha I love reading your mom quotes! Oh canada
ure great singer
well, I live in Denmark :D. To be honest, I don't know where the other owner lives. Wbu?
ahh the memories...
anyone can lose weight. it's all diet and exercise, and doing them right.
is hiring in Ft. Lauderdale: Litigation Consulting Manager (Family Law) at Kaufman, Rossin & Co. - Miami/Fort Lauderdale Are…
The Amy Poehler/Sarah Palin rap on SNL will never get old. Never.
atx and h town!
My point exactly. He has those issues and is still proving that he's worth at least some of the money he's bound to make
How the hell do you do that? I run about 3 miles in the same amount of time.
you know ill be there
That's what she claimed, and I have no reason to doubt, if less to believe it. Thinking of putting it in my book of anecdotes.
Shut the hell up!!
After a small snafu, (wrong way on the highway) dad is safely on his plane, and I'm settling in for my five hours waiting at my gate.
Guess who has a new site coming out REALLY soon?
Hi :D
Done for the night. Trying to get home. Big accident on 90 though:(.
Hands down, Cuban and Mavs r payin these refs!!!
Rekindling old friendships!
I want the new twitter...
follow back?:)
Just got an invitation to a 10-year high school reunion.
Way to go #North Carolina! You guys proved all my stereotypes. Racist homophobic freaks. You know if there's a hell you'll all be there?
To be fair, Giggs had better vision/positioning than Carrick all yr and if Scholes is the best mid you got. Change.
Haha. RT : Seriously. Ryan Hollins coaches Memphis. It's obvious.
AAVG looking good this morning... ASK thinning
We are from The small town of Connersville, IN. What about you?
Are there any cool new world music bands in LA besides that we should be friends with?
We love this new winter weather, finally a plus side to global warming
I have no personal insight whatsoever into Big Papi's waistline, thank goodness
I'm officially a senior lmao
Ah my favorite tv show starts in 4 days! #neccessaryroughness <3
ha! Well look at that
The sounds good to me! If I were local, I'd love to check it out.
i wanted to go soo bad.. this lady invited me. did he throw up the hooks?
We need a generation of poverty abolitionists. Inspired by
hey dood island living is pretty awesome... How you doin?
has awesome Adele eyes. Don't cry!
Ninja Warrior. What a show.
Staying #beautiful is a lesson I have learned from
I seem to recall the same thing... and the feeling was just as disconcerting that time too.
is that a jellybean jar or a diabetes hourglass?
I WANT A SCOOTER
Tonight I'm at IXTAPA Cantina 119 E. Colorado Blvd, Pasadena, CA, starts at 8:30pm, with Roger Rod, Eric Schwartz, & Eric Blake, no door fee
Who we seeing at the Best Friends show tonight in Chicago? Come say hey, yeah?!
pretty muddy place as I recall from the other day :o)
If you're not a fan of Ryan Cabrera's "On the Way Down", I'm not sure we can be friends.
Aurelien Collin scores his first of the year, fifth with KC, and 700th goal in team history!!!!
yuck don't
You know what it is shawty, forever my lil shawty.
owh''' i fine...where you stay???
So when do our "good friends" the Saudis help us?...i think it might be the time we pull the plug on them........hm?
A guy at Sam's burger joint just saw our flyer for Thursday night and thought it was a camel! WTF!!!!!!!!!
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations.-Charles R. Swindoll
Great interview with Tim, I thoroughly enjoyed it. Why didn't you stay in Indy to watch the SuperBowl?
Latest edition of , distributed here at #ASLRRA2012, features 's 150th Anniversary. Wow!!! Big milestone.
I swear to god why do crazy bitches follow me everywhere i go!!!!!!
The Bonner Office of Community Service, Spelman and Tree Campus USA will plant 60 trees on both campuses! March 31 @ 9:30 a.m. @ King Chapel
Immortal=I'm mortal
Going to the mall<3
Oh please
Not going to lie, not mad that left without saying bye to me. I would have cried real tears.
thanks for the follow back!
Analyze where your customers are and what your competitors are doing before deciding which SM channel is best
pls pls pls my love follow me and answer one of my Tweets that I command you with so much love...
Looking forward to it as always.
ARGH! #VH1 and your reality television.
in my car rehearsing my song for my 11am audition singing bright light by 3 doors dwon
Just one. Ever had the Mexi-Diggler with chili and cheese?
you are welcome hun!
Happy 3 and many more!
Sending out unfinished records hoping someone sees your potential is a major Fail...be a professional if you wanna be paid like one
If you think about it, what germs would these be?
To make room for new products, we're extending the 10%-75% product deals while inventories last.
We only have TWO tickets left in our giveaway for today... SO HURRY!
Have some water. I'll be happy, you'll be happy. Let's get happy.
The best camera out there is the one taking pictures!
ayyy! Y'all take a shot for me :)
Trying to order sympathy flowers from FTD. WORST cust. service experience in a long while. Anyone want to Uber-izie the flower biz. Please?
On tap in the hopyard on Friday for a hopyard tour w/ WI Senator Dale Schultz: Fatty Matty Brewing Chocolate Coffee Stout
Impossible is nothing. You can work with any budget. Just make your work so good they can't not come back for more.
HEY EVERYBODY TODAY IS MY SIS'S BDAY! PLZ TELL HER HAPPY BDAY
House of Shock tix all week!!
Centralia-snowing 4 inches and more
My moms iPod > Caitlen's iPod.
Oops! Never seen / read it. Just assumed, based on the racially problematic casting...
o-tay “: seems you are a good friend. Let's just stay civil and please stop pursuing conflict. Thanks”
Yes. Very cool. For me, polisci = worldview & perspective.
3 straight baby.
I evidently have good CREDEBT.
RT : Bitter and jealous people suck! Be happy and support one another! #showlove <<<< aaaaaagrrreeeed smh
Thank goodness it didn't snow this winter. ;-)
That Should Be Me is my theme song right now......</3
The Bay Area debut of | Random Dance at :-)
Morning! Back on the air this am!!!! I love having a job that I actually miss while on vaca. Join us won't you? :)
I think you just might be my hero. There's still time to hit Hilldale. :)
Good morning! Hope your week has been off to a terrific start. Can't wait to hear from you.
Happy mothers day to all the mothers out there really being a mother and putting their kids as their #1 priority!
Good-humored, unaffected girls, will not do for a man who has been used to sensible women.
Dear cold and rainy Chicago weather, We are not friends! That is all.
A video camera? Really? You piece of shit.
Thanks Mr. G!
Hahahahaha of course it did. The party stops when I leave baby!!! Hehe
Have I been away from tweet too long... things look different?
Members Card New York Mets ML (-130) (25 units)
My health may be better preserved if I exert myself less, but in the end doesn't each person give his life for his calling?
When my IU loving son discovered Yogi Ferrell is being coached in HS by a John Calipari disciple, his opinion of Yogi dropped. HA
GOP Votes Yes to #Contraception for $Wild Horses, No for
Tail Time starts in O-18 minutes!
Read a great guest post on stubborn men on my boomer health and wellness blog: www.itsaguythingblog.wordpress.com
I'm hungry.. what's on the menu at this hour..
Still looking for 3-4 students for speed interviewing next Thursday 4/19 5-6:30. Practice interviewing & meet alums! Tweet if interested.
After Party at the High Museum tonight. Good peeps.
nice! Congrats- I see a strong following!
great business idea, good luck!
it would mean a lot if u rt and follow me plz. #11-1-11 can't wait! ;)
Wow I didn't realize Jones walked so big. He did make Evans look like small though...
it's gossip.
no fair :)
awesome! Thanks! I'll make a note to myself to check the site in June.
Paul Waul, let's shoot for Thursday luv!
oh you know it! Keep the crazy in the race as long as possible. Go team frothy!
What? Thumb? Arm?
but we've already done 1 day, which makes 3 left...... <AB
#iHateItWhen I think every status is about me.
Also rock me abberderius
The Black Eyed Keys are so so good!
Get the most out of that new camera you invested in. We can help you “develop” your skills with personalized individual or group training.
I wanna talk to nick so bad, but ik he's busy at prom. Ugh. FML
I'm such a closet space nerd, especially concerning Mercury, Gemini & Apollo. Need a communications or lobbying man??
Gopinath: Thinking through the mobilization of regional imaginaries in a queer diasporic and transnational context.
I'm never scared, they never real, I never run When all is said and done, more is always said than done...
experience, from Spain. that's the cost of plastic bags at checkout & nearly all buyers are deterred by a trivial two cents.
Head of Technology at FOX is presenting at #LiNC Cool stuff. Many interesting B2B and B2C social opportunities.
#SweetNightmares Bummy it was great today when we hung out !*)
Mods kick ass! :P
As a middle aged voyeur, I don't see a concensus amongst protesters. Makes it hard to show support. Need more focus.
Milk shake and fries from Steak & Shake.
Thanks! I mean, it's no L.A., but I'm pretty excited about it. :-)
I was going to say something but you get so defensive about it!
Eddie O is right - too many low shots against Smith. If the Hawks can get shots up, the space is there
It feels realy good to sleep in till 10
Nobody ik, knows the original Still a Nigga song
kinda slacked today working out.. #sadtweet #barelybrokeasweat =/
The Avengers! Yay!
Happy mother's day to my beautiful mother Debbie and all the other great moms out there! Love you moms!
shut up b4 i <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A> you in your <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0084> .... <---- i bet you seeing little boxes right now ( loser ) lol
National Rally For Trayvon Martin in Sanford FL March 26 at 4pm City Hall. Call Allen Chapel AME Church 407 321 6864.
Thanks Aakash, for setting u0p a great meeting!
RT : Things End . But Memories Last Forever .
Its just been awesomeness lately for bros - I've got to get them to play in NYC!
that is one of my favorite songs, EVER!!
and I just has a lovey dovey stare that couples do :* ILoveYouBaby!
Fun fun
story of my life :) :) Now I am on twitter and spotify :) what would we do without the internet? :)
We're glad to have you! RT : finally tried out for dinner last night with Defintiely two thumbs up!
Al harrington look like a skinny ass debow of friday
DONT DO IT ED! X
Good morning my Pretties...and your little dogs too!! Muhahahahaha!
Seski wonder why hanging upside down on rock so interesting. Then friend from McKenzie Outfitter help Seski hang right way. Go Ducks!
#sdlff12 watched El Hombre De Al Lado last night...Loved it, and didn't imagine that ending! ended up rooting for the neighbor Thanks
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others.
First day of a new semester of college... So excited. And there's even snow! Yippee!
Sheesh. #makeIThappen obviously time for bed. Images of hashtags will be dancing in my head..
Don't lose hope. When you are down to nothing, God is up to something.
I love MT. Washington. Neighbor just gave me 20 bricks to finish my patio and a brooklyn east India pale ale
Baseball has so many jinxes curses! There are definitely baseball gods !!
Just read it. and you had the same thoughts I had about the finale./ great job!!!
I frequently wonder what the male to female ratio is at an ACTUAL Sausage Fest.
I got a run in my tights, sitting in the stinkiest cab, 30 min behind schedule. And I forgot to eat breakfast. Pray for me, it's only Monday
Heading to bed early tonight - resting up to scope out the Mystic Outdoor Art Festival in the morning!
Getting me some pampering at Girly Time!
Waiting for gun shots like waiting for Idol results... #JustDoItAlready!
will c ms Beauty
ha, classic! I guess it's every man for himself in KC since the homicide rate is so high.
follow limit
Acquire the Fire next week in Abq! Leeland,- R. Swift - Jimmy Needham - School of Worship. Legacy Church Friday & Saturday 3/11 & 3/12.
hell noo ! you cudnt even if you tried lol
It's "BRING A FRIEND" Week here at Wild Workouts & Wellness! Bring a friend with you to class...for FREE through this Saturday!
doing great now that DWTS is on.
when is your next event?
Guys. I don't ship Nemi.
Last RT was an LOL but I'm wondering if any of that's true.
recalls the time Larry Nugent said when Liz Carroll plays, it sounds like there are three fiddlers in the room. "It is her keeping time ...
Broken water main in the building = my weekend starts in 15 minutes.
Why does the bathroom at work smell like margaritas?
I guess I'll just have to lay in bed and play with it for the rest of the night ; )
is announcing the first participant in the 2012 Main Field today, and he's under 30. Any guesses?
remember the 80's? Stir up stretch pants! #Related ,Take note hipsters, bet we'll see em make a comeback. :)
Hate studying for math tests /:
I love the "... stupid little weirdo..." part from the Bosa quote. Spoken like a 6'5 260 lb man.
why does Kansas/self struggle in the tourney?
Twitter is beyond any folksonomy you can come up with. Yes, you, tagging queen.
“All things at first appear difficult.”
°o° New blog post: "The Magic, The Memories and Us" at www.eartothere.com/blog - check it out!
He thinks my Tractors Sexy!
nope its not
Graffiti rss to manage social network postings across twitter, facebook and linkedin
I'm trying, Ringo. I'm trying real hard to be the shepherd.
Well, then it's time to get dangerous together!! RE: Just realized is dangerously close to my new abode
At DHS Community Engagement Meeting improvement #childwelfare in
First enthusiastic standing ovation I've seen in a while at a conference. JC Biver is an amazing speaker on innovation, leadership
People who air their relationship drama for all the world to see on Twitter and Facebook are obnoxious.
Hope you combined the two! ;)
Make it or break it !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!
Super excited to take the fall 2012 students to next week!
New shipment of "I survived a night on the Party Bus" t-shirts just arrived! Get yours while supplies last. www.okcpartybus.com 447.2446
In a twilight zone...zone 6 do be exact...
Thanks again for the #leatherfeather love.
Agreed. And it's simply just time to evolve. They don't need hand-holding anymore.
Booking for Red Digital Cinema. Shoots tomorrow. Amazing.
I know im not going away forever, but I won't be home and you aren't gonna spend time with me
Feeling better than I ever did. Impossible doesn't exist. Tonight is the night!
17 more days left of school
thanks for the follow. Keep us in mind for your events!
#RememberRapWhen #CNN and #MOBBDEEP was running
Last night I had a blast seeing my friend Tarik Lowe rock it in "Supporting Characters" at
your so kewl
yes, please thank you.
Why do the people that should never reproduce have the most kids?!?!
Aced it #LikeAboss B)
Librarians: Nature's Pedants
I'm officially a city biking badass. Took my first fall.
Brands are social... But they need you to let them get out there
#RedSox #BlueJays start a 3-game series tonight. Could Felix Doubront be the first Sox starter to pick up a win?
I wanna go tanning today but i will die of a heat stroke.
either you've tweeted that before or copied that tweet. Wow I'm on twitter too much
pdxMindShare was great tonight. Thanks!
Watching Fireproof. I Love this movie.
Wow. Gotta give cards credit. No Siva. Shady calls. Still somehow up 1
#TeamUSA All The Main Ones are In ! :)
oh don't worry we will be what are you doing now
Right handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people. NO!
Well I wouldn't mind being in Taylor Swift, er, I mean, um, that's interesting.
RT “: Mitt Romney: "We are in a financial crisis of debt that threatens America, which is why, I'll lower taxes for the rich.""
I saw them last year. They're dope as fuck in concert
I LOVE love love love running in the morning!!!
At the doctor :/
I love them, but Jared (my partner of 15 yrs) hates them. RT : Lima beans are the bomb.
Glad to hear you enjoyed our Tortas. Which one was your favorite?
I keep hitting follow limit, I'm sorry to those who aren't followed back. I will try again ASAP ! I hate limits :(
Great news! Roger Clemens to be indicted for perjury. Couldn't happen to a nicer guy!
CrossFit peeps like them, other people, not so much! :)
So, do the polling people who call folks who still have land lines not expect them to skew conservative? Then again, I know polls are lies.
And a logical person would take that statistic and think... "Perhaps he should've played more minutes."
haha how could you not!!?
... Wow! Such a loaded question!! I have about 8 answers so far and none of them are nice!
Rockin' L.A. at 's Ahmanson Theatre, Rock of Ages at
is this your first?
Thank you, Mark! I'm pretty bummed, but excited to head to P-Town as the summer approaches! :)
A gift for a little brother - Vancouver Sun
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. ~Philippians 4:13"
You made my heart melt but I'm cold to the core
awesome! see you there saturday :)
just mowed the lawn for the first time. only took 19 years to do it
what's your boy's response to the 2-0 game?? And how sad I am to be challenging a kid?
No!!!!!! Emily's mom has all the windows down. There goes my hair.
anytime friend. DM for my number whenever you need it.
Females could put the fbi and out of business if they really wanted to
#aam2011 virtual conference: our newest challenge for teaching 21st century learners: digital natives vs. digital immigrants
I have so much to get done in twenty days
Yay I'm a ¦<U+2605>¦ VIP TOP RETWEETER ¦<U+2605>¦ - Get on the #305Train!!! Follow RIGHT NOW!!!
Great way of putting losing weight. I'm a personal trainer and its hard explaining there is no easy way like their hoping!
By working faithfully eight hours a day, you may eventually get to be boss and work 12 hours a day. Anonymous Quotes #Self Discipline
thanks for suggesting that folks follow me. happy friday!!
“: Blazers 100, Bulls 89: FINAL" Just another upset on this crazy Friday of basketball. Way to go Blazers!
wow, this movie is really really dated.
Gum in the dryer<<<
Aye and haha yea i was freaing fangirling so hard..he wants meh
Horrified to admit I sort of liked listening to that awful Creed song. o_O
<U+2665> Cool School day !!!!<U+2665> That's make me super happy!!!<U+2665>
That was quite interesting. lol
#InSchoolTheresAlways that in the closet #jesusfreak... oh wait, that was me...
Actually, yes. But Alpine has great beer and fried pickles.
SERGE IBAKA! the man!
to start hating someone you loved for so long, is such a sour feeling.
RT : Rick Perry: "I 'heart' the 10th Amendment."
Spring's in the bag. 15 more classes to graduation!
Wordpress needs to learn to recognize "Janeite"
agreed, there are so many things to take into consideration. I still think a little done well > a lot poorly.
Yay! RT : #Vegas #fashion happenings tonight. Keep up w/ LV fashion stylist & blogger & I as we tweet live!
How did you like it?
Morning! Apparently we need to meet up at some point about a serger.
Quess who made ah twitter? ;p
You don't tell an angry chick to relax it ALWAYS makes her more mad #pissed relax while I shove my foot up your ass
Lost my phone in my apartment. Had to install Google Chat plugin to call it from my browser
Hair Tip: Sleep with a silk/ satin scarf or pillow case because cotton absorbs moisture and causes breakage.
CAN'T WAIT!!
#TOP25CartoonSeriesOfAllTime Family Guy :-) :-)
what's up with Ray Lewis?
Google Quote: At Google, one of our beliefs is to “focus on the user and all else will follow."
SierraDNA - db navigator. Search interface looks at names of tables/ views. good way to figure out whe the data you want lives.
Oh technology... you suck balls.
Paper is done!! While I wish I could have another month, it is what it is and I am mega proud!
Fuck the unexpected, I just did what I projected
Love the #happynewyear google doodle...
Do you plan on dancing in a apple store as a tribute to #SteveJobs?
Americans want action for their money. They are fascinated by its self-reproducing qualities if it's put to work.
I grew up in So. Cal. in the 70s so I'm certain it was long before he was even thought of! LOL
I would ask him for a glimpse at my twins..just until I get there.
dubstep and metal are the only ways to exercise!
well i'm gonna make you 2 on your next birthday!
with these extra shots of espresso im feellinn real good! #HammerTime!
Cool - see you then.
I've never felt such loyalty to a TV show before. Let's go !
Could Dick Morris get any more loathsome?
You know when the feeling ain't mutual.
lol i definitely won't! You home?
It is always questionable... haha.
what do you mean how does it work? It's an electronic book.
drank in my cup
bukan 3rd class, NO class at all!
Anxiety, fatigue, helplessness, confusion and preoccupation are just a few symptoms of grief.
I am a proud QoH.
Tip of the day: looking both ways prevents both time wasting and car attacks
A quick reminder that is an exhibitor at this year’s Western Veterinary Conference. Come by booth 1672 and meet the team!
welp back to the doctors... ughh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
100% giving up your desires on this Earth to fulfill God's will 100%
are you excited to come to Florida?! #askZayn #FollowMe :) 16
did only you get this tweet?
Thanks for the RT :)
Watched "The New Girl" w/ Zooey Deschanel. I was desperate for another sitcom, but was kinda disappointed in the pilot episode.
You are making me laugh tonight. I'll DM you later
Just nine months to wait to see what happens next on Lost!
Learning to code, and then, moving to Canada.
So, how did the show go this morning?? :)
thank youu Haha I don't always listen to the radio, but when I do, I listen to Warm98.
hey kasey, thanks for the tweet. Have you been playing any #racquetball?
Whats your Facebook?
The idea behind remembering the birth of G. Washington: for some reason, in the middle of February we will have a 3-day weekend.
on my phone I guess it didn't upload right
Talked to my mom this morning.. she said her and my dad were DYING when i sent them that text ;) hahahhah
is getting ready for work tomorrow.. Paxil? check. Xanax? check. Straight Jacket? check. Sanity? Sanity? oh boy
i know u was tweetin that goofy shit im on dat wit u
I have a lot courage and also fear, somethings i want to do but o can't because i can't find the right words
Vatican spokesman: Pope's meeting with Fidel Castro was "very cordial" and Fidel says he was watching trip since Pope landed in Cuba
So your the rapper alive huh? Holla at yours truly and get ur buzz up stronger
Dear Weekend, please come faster so i can party with my friends(: Love Always, ME!!!
you ass whole u went with out me
Revolutionary Cleaning join twitter, now you can follow us here for updates and cleaning specials offers.
We will be in Musician's Corner this afternoon! Try and head out. You might be in for a surprise....
I knew it was her ole "ARTISTIC" azz
A thriller is a movie where an ordinary man is pushed to save the world or he will die.
woke up to 2 loud Salvadorian outside my room this morning... No need for my alarm today lol
glad you're enjoying!
xbox live account expired mid-game during Duty
tonight for birthday celebration.RT : Where my atl followers at? What's goin on tonight?
delicate rootsiness of what Chris Jeffries is creating.
thanks for following money. I'll follow you back.
Glad you had a good time! RT What a wonderful art filled day! First then AUSO & AU Chorus! Great work all around.
Harrison I don't have your number to talk! But facebook me or email me and we shall talk about it!
On from noon to 1pm today to discuss the campaign to privatize and defund public education: vouchers, charters, austerity. Tune in.
RT : #TheSourHour feat: the sounds of live from
your right....
Bears on the clock, they will pick whoever the commish announces for me rather than what Twitter says.
Me and moving all these beavy things<<<
Do I really have to root my droid to remove all the pre installed crap ware?
Omg I lost 45 pounds for practically doing nothing xD
If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business. B. C. Forbes
pray for julina that nothing happens to her.
thanks for being such great hosts last week, we had a great and productive time!
Artest is talking about little things we can't really see... The voices in his head probably see them though
Some areas I just can't pull out my phone. Your poor if you have well phones.
and i woke up like hugh hefna
Lots of empty seats they will be disappointed
#ilovewhen i see skool kids going ape shit on the cheese bus !!! especially on fridaYS ALMOST LIKE THEIR ON METH
yawn...(stretches...) HERE we come georgia!!!!
um, you only just started following me -__-
Research and Markets: Corporate Hospitality Market Report 2012
in a meeting and really want one of the brownies sitting on the table.
haha my six year old cousin told me his girlfriend was 26 and super sexy >.< haha
Sex is legal lol RT Things are funner when they're illegal and on the down low. Lol
One of my over shirts has a hole it in. I can give it to him as a gift!
thank you! Happy Friday to you!!
hit me on voxer
Adding Twitter to Facebook. Wow, I love technology!
You, sir, have excellent taste in film :) I'm a very big fan of Sofia's work.
Those sorts of finds are the best. Would love if the NCE in question was The Waste Land.
Trying to come up with something clever to amuse you, but my brain is too lazy right now, so have a good night and sweet dreams ;)
Thanks for telling me to boldly go to the social security website. Wish I had, but your ads in the office make waiting better!
Pau hana. Heading down to the soft launch. Anyone else?
seriously why are brands separated, sales people slow, & prices non-transparent? It's officially time to change the game!
DEATH CRAB
Far more seemly were it for thee to have thy study full of books, than thy purse full of money. John Lyly
Glad you liked it :-) Great blogs like this are too good not to share :-)
it's a hand dryer!
Hey don't worry I'm sure ur meet some Lovatics on here :-)
"Don't believe everything you think."
nothing...u? btw the song rocks <3... :P
Wtf STL sold the Cardinals & the Rams? Some body say it aint so....please.
BWpkwy North slowing - report of a crash at 450 in the left lane
Wat station maybe i can listen
LA HIP HOP / R&B radio station 98.2 The Beat now on Adva Mobile! Text get982thebeat to 88704.
finished Inner Circle, good story, was that the end or will we hear more about Clementine and Beacher in another novel?
Can't believe my middle school chorus career is over
Can't wait for the Grammys to be over so I can enjoy social networking again
We take the Risk and Liability off you or your company... Available 24/7/365 - Free Estimates - Crime & Trauma Scene Cleaners
What do you think of a narrow ai system that creates intellectual products and services and distributes them for people
you would have to fax in a valid prescription from your doctor for Seroquel XR ?mg #30 tablets.Then we ship it
Seth Rogan- not meant for action movies. Sorry buddy.
Perfect #wordplay RT I don't got time for games. If you aint retired, don't holla.
Done with my classes for this semester.
Will call you tomorrow and we can discuss. no need to get that tic yet ;)
new years eve at murphy's law in sunnyvale. come on out.
What do you get when you cross a smurf with a cow?? Blue cheese!
Just bought Puddle of Mud's Come Clean album, best decision of the night!
I would tweet and wish her a happy mother's day if she were using Twitter -- but she's cooler than 140 characters.
Such comments motivate us. Thanx ..much love RT : Shout out to for the dope a$$ app
Teaching Channel Turn your students into "History Detectives" to analyze and weigh historical evidence. bit.ly/r4IMb2
Yes, mc is telling the story as an old man looking back over his life.
Bye bye
Tribe needs to string some hits together
You know what's fun? Not watching the NBA.
Monthly fried chicken and Champagne dinner ? Sign me and up! (Surprised isn't there yet.)
Hello everyone on tweeter
Fair enough.
OFFICIALLY DONE WITH AP TESTING! HALLELUJAH! Graduation where are you!?!?!
you dawg you
Exactly! The power of images
Coming to Florida?
Today is known as Taco Tue but Polito's sounds AMAZING! We should suggest Taco pizza to be added to their menu! Your thoughts?
Today's red isn't it?
I meant to remind you! You'll have to let me know what your BFF says.
Make money online is a huge niche and there is an enormous number of people who are interested in it
Perfect session to help me rethink my digital life
Pretending to be writing something in class so the teacher won't call you.
Macaron day love for
Nervous about my Ogt scores :/
I don't see how Batman gets ready so fast....
Thanks so much for following guys!
UTH made presentation at the Outboard Motor Club reaching out to invite more boats to the Boat Parade, Nov 20.
Noted for future reference!
She's gonna be bad
I Love the idea of extending the experience, creating a community outside the institution. splendid!
Sweaters and dressing rooms, not jerseys and locker rooms. Got it!
#9RoundMinute: 15 Burpees paired with 15 Push Ups - that burn is your friend! LETS GO!!
Aw dayum dayum dayum james!Why don't they give #Nielsen boxes to #REALPEOPLE?! I JUST forgave #ABC for
thanks for the mention :)
What is the meaning of life?
where the fuck u been????
TY! Thats great! I Love it! RT I've gotten a lot of compliments on your thoughts and have referred them to you
They are messengers of overwhelming grief and of unspeakable love -Washington Irving
LAST DAY!!!
"We are running away from....we are, we are."
A gourmet who thinks of calories is like a tart who looks at her watch. -James Beard
im so going to that with my 2 bestest gleek friends this next week!
Banks owned @ 450,000 properties as of March 31, with another 2 million loans in some stage of foreclosure.
How did the BBC caption that photo "Three Mice" and not make a blind mice pun? Isn't this a British news service?
Twitter>facebook
kicks off tomorrow in #rva at the be sure to follow for details on results.
it was so rude!
It's important to get an idea of how devices & software are used and how they can be used in your own environment by visiting other schools
mind telling us what a pink dolphin is lol
Okay! job interview starts now!
I hate watching movies on regular tv commercials take away from it
Woodbridge. I'm from Stafford though. You?
you def should
What do you do in winning time dirk
"House Defense Bill Funds Programs Pentagon Wanted To Cut" #huffpost 'Cause the economy's not bad enough. Let's waste MO' $$$ !!!
Blow the whistle!
S/O make sure you follow his sexy ass bring wild swag to the SC STREETS
Chicken wings.
can't find any if your songs on my music app lol #pissingmeoff we need to fix this
dang keyboard lol
any pictures of that?? lol
It really is such a brilliant show!!!!!! G and I loved it!!!
just said to 3 yr old: "It is not my job to clean up after you!" #WTFamItalkingabout?
I ain't talking paintings and sculptures in my last tweet.
This rainy looking weather needs to go away nowww .. I want to watch some cardinal baseball tonight !!
agreed it is the new banana and breakfast of champions
Sum people on twitter need more den 140 character to air out there problems
So kind, Lorna, thank you! Wishing you a wonderful weekend. ...
Quinn is an evil genius! She's like a female version of me when I was in high school.. ;)
wait i just checked theyre playing tomrorrrowww!
Family Sunday!:) RT : Hi tweedos <U+2665> what's everyone up to today? Sunday funday :)
Gillette is coming out with a razor with 21 blades.Which is perfect because I always wanted to shave my pubes and eyebrows at the same time.
Its all abt MT : I still say we r movin up n Dallas now. We have Now u know.
You eat a lot, yet you still stay thin and good looking(;
That calls for a 2-day suspension without pay.
This just in...the ladies in Miami are pretty.
RT : #Cardealers how do you protect your assets?? We supply both industry leading solutions &
FEATURES: BlackBerry 10: 5 features we find really interesting
when someone is two faced. i dont like the pretend friendship game.
Somebody is hacking me. I'm so sorry guys. I'll do my very best to find out who.
#fact it's like she went down south and bought 50 burnouts at once lmao
Cool! Any day b4 the 15th works best! I have a show july 14th and the elbo room, fyi
Reading Tar Baby and Invisible Man concurrently. Don't think my brain was prepared for so much literary greatness in one dose.
Nobody is developing nucular weapons. Nuclear perhaps. Know the difference.
miss seeing you on American Idol
Good call, Jill. The Victory is the best b/c it has no wifi.
the true idiot is the cry baby whl thinks they deserved something they didn't earn. Congrats bitch ass 9er fan.
Mariano says he'll come back. I think this injury added a year onto his career. He would've retired this year if he was healthy
Odee drama for no reason -_-...
Nope! My iPhone is naked until I design + order it. It's forcing me to really think effectively and quickly. Just my holster case!
Ofcourse! I speak the truth love.
Really wana go to South Side next year:/
it's for the best, she would have wanted it that way.
Omg my hair almost locked up
I just found out where you're performing in MD. I'll be there :-)
Really? I don't see the resemblance. Mike seems like the quiet guy of the clubhouse to me.
welcome back T
I live it when undergrads make such statements unselfconsciously
They cancelled my #radiation appt 2day bc the machine is down. So I wont be done 2morrow. Last treatment is Monday. A practice in
Im thinking, after the vid, ill release two calendars with anime 3d models, one sexy and one naked
Will be out filming our promo tomorrow...you may see us on the streets asking people to say, "Tell my story!..." Could it be you?
Thank you so much for the support! I'm so excited to interview Tito, and am now on the hunt for a fiscal sponsor! Woo!!!
kmsl he so stupid he rly just gonna sit ona phone : ).
let me RT all them lakers fan reaction from this lost tonight..
RT : Counting down to the Emmy Awards.
Yes, I won the #hungergames in da park today. But at 12, the real show goes down!
no. Its juniors take seniors out.
Naps in class >
Hey CBS students: Outrageous Business Plan Competition info soon to be released... stay tuned!
RT : A seat at the table matters. Where women sit affects where women, as a whole, stand in our society.
Hm...I think we didn't say hello yet today. So....hello!!
So is this Friday Spinal Tap Day? Or what significance do we assign to Eleven-Eleven-Eleven ?
One of our favorites, The Civil Wars, is about to hit Letterman. Tune in to right about now!
awww well miss you too :)
One word to describe Wade tonight?
I want to keep encouraging your Bishop. Former young man from Decatur, Illinois. You helped me to dream big sir!
im truly sorry..Phil was my nigga & it hurts 2 hear about him like this & it hurts that it was so close 2 another friend of mine
Nice. Born is comfy.
A big thanks to for coming in to talk about #donatelife month. I am motivated to donate next week, let's all help save lives!
Today we celebrate the birthday of a special man and a true music legend : JAMES MOODY!
Watching the PGA.. Because despite my outer appearances.. It appeals to my 'inner-conservative white guy' side. ;O)
oh and I want to go to the movies tomorrow. :)
this is one bridge i should've burned long ago
what time you work?
Final trailer in 13 days!
thank you so much for ypur tweet. So thoughtful and kind of you.
All new subscribers since December were entered into a contest to win a $500 gift card. The Lucky winner is Laurie A. Congratulations!!
yayaya get it
well I asked if you wanted to come over and swim but you said you wanted to sleep.
I know, right?! lol!
This week I am going to try to use the word jape at least once a day. So, if you hear it coming up more in a week/month/or so, it's all me.
last episode you will like it
#wmnldrs. Pat/Xerox say take calculated risks and never stop learning
God Bless and be safe Gio!
I'm curious now what movie they're talking about. Haha!
#AskPierceTheVeil I lost..
Im sitting on the couch
This is so stunning!
lol! no worries. great fodder for disciplinary jargon discussions. (yeah, I'm in class prep mode)
but yours is good, too
No need for that if u handle your bizness on the first 3!
Just missed you there...So full...
Ah, as in someone wrote it that way in their resume? yeesh!
Heat vs Bulls D rose Question mark?
It IS a delicious drink.
Ok, one more paper to do! let's go!
Can't wait
friends is such a good fucking show, i love it lol
Maybe a nap
thanks for being there!
I'm still looking for an icetea and nap post #ASTD2012 good luck. I'm here to help.
Updating my website www.futurexclusives.com
OMFG!! Hope it comes out to be amazing!!! :)
Love the vegan donuts!! at Park+Vine
I feel like every time I log onto twitter, I'm playing "Where in the World is ?"
Thanks Chris, appreciate the business! RT : Once again, flawless service at store 2225 at 4800 Watt Ave. Thanks!!!
Just a reminder, we're always buying books at Random Row.
Why pay for a therapist when the best therapist comes free
No worries!!! I'll happily enjoy my sammie enough for the both of us ;)
Stop by our table to meet reps , , , & talk our new #socialmedia masters program
if you haven't become a fan on facebook, then head on over there.
Where is the warm weather????
OMG YEAHH!!! I hope in person !! Hahhaha bcuz we need to hangout!(: I still can't believe I ran into you !
All menswear is now 50% off! Orgasmically low prices on men's jackets and coats, jackets and shirts, hats, belts, wallets, and jeans.
A new group of Emerson College kids graduates today. I'll see them all once they move to LA, & we'll scream at each other about the traffic
-- we love what you've got going on & we'd love to tell our story someday. Bootstrapping is our middle name.
I need sleep! LOLOL goodnight!
Me cotton chipping in Aus so I could pay the rent... then 2 days later, finding out I was getting deported. Oops
It was the height of the Depression..who turns down free money? They wanted a spectacle of a trial and they got one..they lost and I won..
Your most important issue each day is not what's happening around you; it's what's happening within you. ~ Amy E. Dean
C-Write, what's the deal with GsK my brutha? I'm throwing money at my screen...
i can't look at you anymore
Ah algebra test tomorrow
Here I am again!
And if I have to, ill beat the fuck out of her too.
“: Randy Owen? Am I right? #whatdoiwin” yes!!! Correct!! how about a t shirt! Message me your size an address!
yes yu can , ;D
details definitely cool
Iced tea of the day is an allergy fighting powerhouse! Blend of honeybush, spearmint, chrysanthemum, and orange peel-- super refreshing.
#20ThingsAboutMe I'm waiting for the girl of my dreams to show up.
Urban supper tonite-stuffed squash blossoms, stokesberry herby wings, avocado burger!
Change of plans....KFWB segment postponed To Be Announced...
Bring Back Ringer 19
now we're conversing a bit. Correction - one is a Marine. He should ask for my number but its against the rules.
Dear Austin, it sucks to know that I will always just be another fan to you.
tehhhhee :) im wearing my rainbow six tomrroww
Im excited ! You're coming !!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Reading 'The Little Stranger,' Sarah Waters, for a library book club. Downright gothic!
No. :) I just plan to spend the evening relaxing and maybe watch some American Idol.I'm reading a book too.How bout u?
#nw Cabin in the woods!.... Finally
I've always been insecure, but I never used to be jealous & now when I see a really pretty girl the little bit of self esteem I have is gone
it has everything, even a bag of gum.
This is one of those weekends where I say "I need a weekend from my weekend."
One night i went home crying fell asleep with tears and woke up with them still pooring from my eyes- (he didnt no he had that affect on me)
-le holds you- I CAN'T EVEN OKAY I CAN'T BREATHE I'M SITTING HERE LAUGHING AND GETTING WEIRD LOOKS OMG I CAN'T.
A lady should never, poop, burp, fart, pick any put of the body in front of her man. Have some class, ladies!
I love God, Easter, and Chocolate in that order.
Hahaha... umm.. dude... "Number 3" wears an A for the Coyotes.
Gabby just crushin pre game waters, hope #NYR shows up tonight
Dude...I think you're taking 's "real world" comments the wrong way.
that judge read them charges and it hit him... life...
Welcome! I'm the NYC Community Manager for and I just followed you there. +1 for picking a great place to start with.
Good Job Clippers. On to the next one.
Not condoning fighting at any age but we all go through growing pains
EATING LIKE I NEVER ATE BEFORE.. help~~!lmaoo
great to chat! Nerd soon?
hey pink i love your song s
Lacy is back and he gets burned right off the bat. He looked like the DBs for Penn against Carmel.
have i tweeted about him tho? I barely get on here... Its just an affair right now i wont tell the public til the ring lol
I'm in lovve with THE SONG
great playlist!
The world may never be the same if u ever left us! I wish u weren't so stubborn, let us in please!
Final 15 minutes for Erick Weber Fan Page - what a ride it's been!
Think what you feel cuz ur feelings don't think
Somebody's readin. "In 2008, we ranked in top 20% NY St...circulation surpassing schools like Buff St, W. Pt, Cortland, RPI, & Niagara Univ"
Been hearing and reading about how grand SxSW was. Seems to me like this year was all about bands from "yesterday" not very exciting to us
I always feel the need to update my closet.
With the platoon advantage and the tendency to hit FBs (no GIDP, play for SF), there's an argument for it.
Let's get #Bucksrebuild trending on twitter.
Malta needs a secular Constitution
Hope my homie get better dat in da hospital ..
It definitely is getting the word out. Already 1600 people have downloaded it.
. congrats on being on the back page of TLS! (apr27 issue) with Poetry of the Taliban
RT - paulpfi: watch New England Patriots vs Miami Dolphins live NFL FOOTBALL FREE STREAM VIDEO ONLINE ESPN360 BROADCAST
sure whats the favor? x
So when they point the finger you flip one back and say fuck that, Fuck that!!! They wanna see blood they wanna see hate like an AK
Strong winds today making it a challenge & slowing the repair process. No more appointments are available for today.
eat a potata chip
i gotta listen to all my dick friends that are jet fans all week if we win this game were fucken steam rolling..
My parents home in foreclosure. Focus on my career track? Role reversal depression killing me. I can't help?.?
Meeting some new businesses The small business room
Loving spring semester. Its not bad at all.
As a sculptor molds me, shapes me, forms me My soul vies desperately from within Breaking through the hardening rock I'm expected to be.
The Badgers football team looks good and seeing Russell Wilson out there was an added bonus.
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout K
So close to vacation and a trip back to #Maryland I can taste Memorial Day steamed crabs and a cold Natty Boh.
Shelf Check tagline is "May you work the ref desk in interesting times." I'm pretty sure we do. :)
I heard what happened. I hope you feel better! :)
Next thing you know I'll be complaining about the Pony Express.
lol um it's cute
Come hear the original jazz today at the Green Mill as part of the monthly CJCC series. 2 PM.
July and August of 2010 VI collected the areas of San Marcos Texas, Houston Texas Metro and West Houston Texas.
that sounds like a great project. The As are fascinating.
I saw you! Added.
we agree 100% (with your bio)
Thanks for the #FF, Mike!
Explains Y our 2yo is saying "I'm crying bc I'm angry!" | “: Watching The Feelings Show w/my girls courtesy of "
Basketball season is always fun around here.
Had a great time with <U+E022>
Wait a minute, Scrimshaw is the number 11 hot google trend. How did all of those eskimos 1800s whalers get onto the internet?
Don't wanna go to school. I just wanna sit on the couch and watch tv and eat some good delicious food!
At PPS waiting 4 budget vote, point of no return for Tubman Parents fighting closure. u can see me on tv in front row #tvreporter now
Pickup Line: Do you have a mirror in your pocket, cuz i can see myself in your pants
Brewers game last night with a great win and checked out the Mitchell Park Domes today with family in from out of town. Awesome week so far
I'm just so upset right now.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay if we don't conform to what is deemed 'right' in life is that where the word "outcast" comes in?
Thanks for the love!
it honestly isn't I'm counting the days! better get ready for us!!
Used to be the three muskateers of study hall until found a new friend. now its just me and . Oh and jessie;)
UGH those hangovers were epic!
The only thing funnier would e when they had 71...
Why do #spanishladies feel the need to feed other peoples dogs? Seriously Whose dog eats corn
Haha most definitely man. Gotta make it an awesome dedication to our boy!
Mr. John Pants would be a little insulted. But he's probably rich, so who cares.
An Italian opera librettist from Venice
Can we bring Crow back in?
you need to come back! apparently flights cost a million dollars to go to Orlando right now.
Erik Komatsu anagram: RISK - MAKE OUT.
...another pick bites the dust.
Worldwide, it is estimated that about 162 million adults use marijuana at least once per year, and 22.5 million use the drug daily.
True. I have a soft spot for #DWTS. Especially when it reminds me of music I love. Damn, Smokey! Voice still gives me chills.
LOL! Hope the suffering has now stopped over there. :P
When my mama believe teachers over me<< I be like "seriously you just met this bitch #NoLoyalty"
That awkward moment when girls just have no clue what's going on.
who paid you to tweet that shit Stuart? Awful
There we go Celtics! Let's get another big win on sunday!! Everyone have a great friday... Its almost the weekend!
Gotta get a picture w my mom today.
then hopefully you end up on a tv show and get paid for them looks lmao
good that Chicha has been barred from the Olympics, more of the same for other players if selected for it. Le Olympics can fuck right off!
I JUST heard you sing!! The first one I heard was your One Thing cover and wow! You and your friend are incredibly talented!
So what is the deal with Grant leaving GH?!?!?
the girl in the mv damn cute. but the boy like no no
I'm addicted to FB and Twitter again today. Darn it! Ok, going to get the house all clean. I'll be back !
please keep talking, I like when you blow up my newsfeed.
I NEED A NEW LABTOP. THIS ONE IS CRAP >.<
Who was in charge of security outside?? Thank God we are finally inside!!!
I know exactly what you mean. I get the same feeling when I write a check.
i did spit on it soundcloud.com/youngeighty
Paper beats rock!? I'll throw a rock at you and you protect yourself with a piece of paper. Let’s see who wins.
EVERYONE my account has been hacked. Do not click on the link about rumors...and know that I wouldn't spread rumors about you anyway, loves!
kEWL!I will hopefully be here,sleepy already! But this will be Epic! See you in a bit!
cheers lady
I was goin through your #instagram photos and your making me hungry!! #straving :\
THIS RT the whole Wu Tang crew
Thank you, #thanksgiving , for making me feel bloated, because I really just needed that extra boost of confidence. ._.
All roads lead to the #WorldPremier of #HeadlinerFridays at #Tonight and #EachAndEveryFriday || hit me up for more info!
you have more patience than I...I go from 0-60 at light speed. I won't take a swing, but I'll try to yell ya to death!
or in preschool since its friday :P
come show love & support for sum of thecoldest niggaz in the mill p2 & up coming show on 4/27/12 tweet back 4 info
It's raining! And today is the first day I noticed all the leaves in bloom. Hurrah.
Sweet! Thanks
RT : Harmony is one phase of the law whose spiritual expression is love. James Allen
Wonder if book my ticket yet ;)
Cheap shot by World Peace.
DO A STORY ON THAT. LAST I CHECK I AM RESONSIBLE FOR ENSURING THAT MY VEHCILES ARE REGISTERED; NOT THE COPS!
If a optimistic person has his arm eaten by a alligator, he'll just say "Hey at least no one will ask if I'm left or right handed!"
Matt Glantz = one of the best all-around players in world by barry greenstein. last year 3rd/4th in 50k horse/mixed game World ch
When did the Clippers turn into five Andrew Bynums?
Hawaii image in by Wayne Levin
Sentencing hearing set tentatively for Aug. 18, 11 a.m.
Listening to c2c forever(when Art Bell there). Luv the show! Listen 1-5am, laying in bed!
as long as you're sending the used FedEx box to you're gonna be fine.
Its way early, but Corey Hart is off to a great start of 2012.
#NowWatching Sanford & Son.
Just watching ghost adventures and thinking of asking if the hosts of the show are spirits...
As the UK prepares for the royal wedding the BBC is looking at unusual nuptials as Extreme World series.Send ur photos to .uk
thank you so much. It was a lot of fun.
we ass anyway . .
We have to agree, it's pretty awesome. Have you ever tried a chicken fried steak roll?
hang with me.
Saw the prettiest cashier at kohls and didn't even say a word..
So excited! Starving and see you soon! XOX
it's the crash of Facebook 2011! LOL
Sometimes the one love you can't get over is the one love you never really had.
which one mama?
2 episodes left
glad to inspire!
Eckhardt commends #Apple for not seeking a handful of county tax exemptions; pushes company to provide demo details about hires
"Queen Victoria Green"? - referring to a stripe of quilt block. Gosh I miss my dedicated quilt volunteers.
I just saw a commercial with Justin Bieber lounging in an Eames chair. That is all.
Ever been in a rush, and just when ur about to open the car door, ur song came on????
Being Love!
Lol dang I missed the topic that is tweeting!!
4 of my students will be playing on DEUS EX MACHINA at Dionysus Lounge in an hour.
Come buy brand new, highly discounted hair supplies today only! Corner of Mayall and Oakdale in Chatsworth. Only open until 4 TODAY!
whosoever hath, to him shall be given, he shall have more abundance: but whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken away even that he hath
Did some lateral drills today. Knees felt good! Is this a sign???
should I throw a sugar party?
I just got a work credit card. Does this make me a grown up??
Thanks for a very informative event! Glad housing has such strong advocates.
Do you ever go back and watch your old videos ? They improved by a LOT, lmfao.
I never understand why I see a woman with a moustache. What is that some Magnum P.I. religious practice? Shave that thing!
Lmao troya know all the hoes smh ....i swear ... I need to start interrogating females
Heading to Jillians/ Lucky Strike Boston to shoot some pool. Who else is there?
Hv u had any before? It's worth the long drive, LOL! Actually I found an Indonesian resto in Miami.
Despite what my sociology book says I want children now!
This game going be interesting!!
Late Cretaceous
I just don't know where to begin!
just made me think I the commercial for car insurance where the lady is dreaming & the end it's like "squirrel jail"
Still trying to understand the significance of the MAT (Millers Analogy Test) Anyone?
RT : We're gearing up for Mothers Day & our Community Baby Shower ths wknd. What's the most important thing you learned from...
Thanks for coming out! more fun tonight
Just saw someone offer to advertise stuff on their FB status for pay. Just...plain....wrong.
Cattleman's Steakhouse is kicking off Orlando's 1st Ever 72oz Steak Challenge! Saturday Nov 7th 6pm! Supports Cystic Fibrosis of CF Charity!
<U+266C> We have Archie-Rose Music Caps coming end of week. Eager to get em on, get em out there. Logo on front, treble clef on the back. <U+266C>
This movie "giant" with elizabeth Taylor and James dean is good as hell. My gma said its her favorite movie ever.
!!!!!!": I be expectin' too much from people."
Kinda bummed that I missed out on a girls party today because I was under the weather. But I guess it just wasn't meant to be.
Better than anger.
rock on! U can watch the first 20 min of The Secret on YouTube. The secret is crazy but I fully 100% believe it
you have the best job researching this stuff.
When the are on an East-Coast swing, watched Caps game w/ my boy & woke up ok the next day!
I know just can't remember her name the one that would always go to our games
www.dayzeroproject.com everyone should do it!
Sometimes when people overcome something difficult, it makes them appreciate other things on a higher level. ~Augie Garrido~
Need book to give Mom on Sunday! Must think hard . . .
Just realized that My cover starts to hit streets today. I am excited.
I'll be back in New Jersey June 23-June 26 and I'll be celebrating a friends birthday at Albivi's on the 23rd! Hope to see you guys there!
Want to share your tweet/blog post abt Arthur Salm, but wanted to confirm which twitter handle you prefer? ^SM
< o I had chicago.
Blood Drain Angel's Story soft & hard back, #ebook #kindle & nook @ #authorhouse & #barnesandnoble many more places fb aprilrenamooreauthor
Why are you trying to hide me from ? There is plenty of Game Night to go around!
great! I believe we're meeting at 6 in the mezzanine! will correct me if I'm wrong
me too. Its one of the most versatile blu ray players.
Did Tyler Perry really buy American Airlines? Or is that a joke?
I forgot to put #YoungerMe on that last tweet.
I hate having a fever .
In all honesty, I believe the Nuggets can upset the Lakers.
Bill Belichick finally upgraded in the 1st round!! We got a DE & LB!
Thanks for the RTs! And the encouragement!
I hope not! Doesn't say there is...
Looking like Heat and Mavs... What ya think?
Country concerts >>>>
I think with the casino opening today, #rta is the way to go
it's Fox Sports Network, and yeah, I should be on there. I haven't seen the episode yet though.
Wow! I just lost 30 pounds! Of personal papers, to the shredder! Mike at A+ shredding let me watch. Best $5 ever!
Right smack dab in the middle of town, I found a paradise that's trouble proof. And there's room enough for two...up on the roof.
"Why yes, officer, that is beer in my cup holder. And no, I'm not interested in sharing."
Just trying to live right and pray God takes me through
until 10 pm
They do pretty mellow shit. GLAY has some good ballads.
Dig the track Chuck.
if there was someone in my room i hated they wouldnt be in my room in the first place lol :)
#inappropriatefuneralsongs- "Electric Chapel"- Or maybe this one is too appropriate?
Empty spaces, what are we livin for? C;
Y u fading like that
#21. i play and love soccer.
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. ~Dalai Lama
Everybody dies but not everyone lives.
busymenu Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Now Following !
Oh yeah - one more thing: Emily is a boy and he's quite bite-y. He will be a project for someone. But won't be put down.
Agreed, wonderful live show. Enjoy!
who is stoked for Saturday?
Random Dinner -> Roasted Cauliflower, Kale Chips, Baked Sweet Potato.
: you should probably postpone your upgrades that were planned for today. . . That 90 minutes downtime may cost lives in Iran.
im not a liar , your PERFECT!! and the one in your pics i was creepin :3
oh im divorcing ur ass. Didnt hear from yu all day n yu been gone... Oh yea... ALIMONY
had a pretty good day didnt talk to alot of people, 2012 is going really good
we SO think alike!! LOL:) those pants are definately doing him so favors. or i guess he's doing those pants the favor:)
Hope its soon, Hallmark has been saying the same thing for the last 2 years and we are still without the Hallmark Channel
In traffic feelin myself!
All the best at the PGA golf show in Orlando. Wishing we could be there with you.
Carlos santana !! Roll tribe !
The sun is out! What a great day to try out our NEW THURSDAY FLAVOR: Apple Crisp!
Thanks for the follow, you gave and I wistful pause this morning. "Let it Grow!"
Losing my Chapstick is like losing my child.
White people. How I hate them.
just hit me wen u ready
I interrupt this regular mostly-but-not-always-work-related Twitter account to say HAIL TO THE REDSKINS! HAIL !!!!
awesome i will check it out lols
when we going to coppell for some tacos tho?!
Georgia Tech is up by 11 State. #Tech shot 6/9 from behind the arc in the 1st half.
Surprised that is on the undercard of and Guy used to headline PPV's... and I'm getting old.
you did NOT even read the summary on the back. It was intense.
May the fourth be with you. Always
#IDidntTextYouBack because you said k
We are celebrating Hans Christian Andersen's birthday in Creativity Workshop this week. Come show off your creativity at LDCM!
I'm off to bed and it's only half past noon go ahead and judge I don't care. Good night :)
Uh… that address came back as invalid as well.
Open mic night tonight--who's in?!
my former therapist Fikisha is moving, but still in Indy, will be at Keystone @ the Xing M. Envy. She's very good, too.
Who lives in the st.pete or tampa area and would want to see us play?
still can't believe how much fun the concert was last night! You should really come to NY more often!
hey thanks for the intro to she looks nifty!
A little confused...wasn't it like 75 degrees last week? Why is it so cold out today!?
Learned yesterday that a 4 mile run right before work isn't good. Couldn't stop sweating
Mitt Romney would “take a lot of credit” for the comeback of the auto industry.--> Well his wife does "drive TWO Cadilliacs"
Mike Dunleavy, Jr is Erik Watts
I've had an account so I just used that. It's prob just slow or down for the night. I'd guess it'll work tmr though.
Belladonna Foot Soldiers @ www.kandizone.com
Sorry for the Spam!! Look like I got hacked. It should be all good now!
2012 film watching # 16. The Rescuers (1977). Cute disney film. I enjoyed all the little characters in this.
It's going to take all day and all night to say thank you to everyone. So one big THANK YOU going out to y'all for the wishes
I think my followers are lucky I lose my phone when I'm tipsy. Drunk-me can be normal, but I had a slew of stupid tweets 3hrs ago
Wind chills affecting NFL today. Current wind chill in Buffalo is -10, Vikes like the dome today - current WC in twin cities is -27
RT Did you know the average gift card purchaser buys 5.5 gift cards each year?
What are some good books that have more than five characters with major arcs in the story?
yes! Josh Kleinberg. I could do with seeing more of his giving tree. I mean the one on his arm. The tattoo.
Tim a boss quit joking I don't even think he could get a job
damn these bratwurst got a nigga humming like a mugg
How can my 20month old nephew be only like 2ft and take up all of the bed and I have a california king bed..
What's the purpose of an express lane that moves just as slow as the rest of the highway? And I have to pay $4! Only in Miami!
My mom brought me a dozen donuts from Sweetwaters in Michigan. Puttin' Square Donuts to shame right here.
Add a classical soundtrack to your lunch hour. Tune in and have lunch with WQED FM.
Congrats to the "Chex Mix" Chapter of the Year, - woohoo!
I need a beer.
Thanks for the follow!
"The release of atom power has changed everything except our way of thinking... If I had known, I would have become a watchmaker."
Successful shoot and interview for documentary
heh. ESPN just showed Red Bulls supporters marching to Legends. Nice publicity!
I say a lot of bad words
Hahaha accidentaly put salt in my tea :/ yolo right ?
i cant walk that far im to fat.
I decided to videotape an interview with my friends Richard and Sally Crawford of One Video and Film Productions. The interview is fascinat…
!! RT : My favorite part about my computer is when the screen goes black and I can see myself
Flannels dead. Again.
Is it still buy one get one tat today?
everyone relax, the woman in the grey coat that was pushing ppl out of the way has an appt to get to.
At post-concert reception, #Lukas Foss called me and flutist James Galway up, introducing me for the 1st time as the BPO’s concertmaster.
Ok how many shows is Tyler Perry gonna have?
your missing a wild night at Pure ha!
I like that Desmond is now on Fringe, Brothha
thank you for the compliment! And for the follow! I'm actually going to see about having shirts made. I kinda like it :)
Ughh my stomach hurt!!!
“: I'm lucky I was exempt for the Spanish test!! ^_^” Bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>.
reppin the chest hair!
Friday: I'll do homework tomorrow. Saturday: I'll do homework tomorrow. Sunday: I'll do homework tomorrow at school.
aw thanks Lindsay !!!! :D
and I are debating lavoy Allen vs Omer asik. Is he for real?
omg avocenta. I just vommed in my mouth.
yes yes he does
palacios wasn't a pg, but the rest is true.
are we going to see you on Saturday at Jammin Java?
Pumped for concert tonight!
Love this tweet!
The Indiana Blood Bank will be at 2175 S. Hoffman Road Indianapolis, IN 46241 from 1:30-4:30 PM today!
how plz explain
Again Kathleen tweeted idle and presumptuous
It's a good day for me. wanna know why? 2 reasons 1. Nerlens Noel committed to Kentucky!! 2. George Zimmerman has been arrested!! woo
You honestly think the #Orioles organization is trying as hard as they can to win?
Stealing, I should have stayed home and lived it up like him
Our thoughts are with our friends We hope you're all safe after the storm.
the stage look nice i love the show by just staring at the pics. I'm sure i'm as important as the rest of the loyals.
Haha these non los angeles laker fans they crack me up
Have fun guys! You know I love it there! Jealous!
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes ~ Jim Carrey
aaaaahhhhh, gotta love it!!!
What did you think?!
White bitches are crazy these days manna <
It's an instinct, which makes it rather elusive
Waiting for to get outta work !! (x
You. Get to work.
Hey, anything for this gorgeous magazine!
lmao I hope they don't see your tweets. Omg we'll hit up all the gay clubs in Boystown haha
Me 2!!! RT 1 of fav. verses, gives me strength & courage2 conquer things I might not normally try like my weight loss journey!!
Thanks for the #Healing #Prayers everyone. I'll let you know when to stop.
really needing family time right about now
Your track from American Fear will be the featured download of the day on 5/24/12. Cheers.
Bout to check out this live penguin cam on discovery's website...that is just SO COOL.
Ur awesome, thank you so much!
I haven't been on here for Weeks so what are you talking about? I could care less about the 6ers just cause they hate Bubba......
Meetin with the guys at 6 to talk about gigs... Get ready! We'll keep you posted! CF
When I don't even know what to think or say, I get on my knees and start to pray. :'l </3 (God can make everything better.)
justin you rock
BOOMER! I remember the schooner falling over vs Colorado.
Adam, I gave a few bucks to help them get out the vote. Since I can't be there to help, it was the best way I could help...
Bet ya lunch at pizza ranch that Avengers brings in more $ Batman
Merry Xmas. Can't wait to see you in a few hours. Everyone is still asleep at My house.
Collective unconscious may suspect a species is capable of just giving up and the thought is too terrifying.
What A Beautiful Day For All The Beautiful Mothers To Enjoy <U+2665>
: Why, thank you. *blushing*
#Autism, research and screening here in #SanDiego, #CDC reports 1 in 88 diagnosed live next
dissertation anxiety - overwhelming tonight.
bdubs...hit us up boys ;) no literally though....come hit us
more entertainment than porters!!!
Bored? Nothing to do on a monday night? Come see Beware of Pedestrians play at the deering grange 6-9, 10 dollars at the door. BE THERE!
Oh my gosh Jorrrrrrrd. your so cute.
Uncle Larry was talkin his ASS OFF!!
not his job, but incredibly selfish not to help.
hopefully I can play a werewolf in a show or movie or in teen wolf! :D
Weekend was so real, I even got videos of people fighting over tabu the game.. CTFU
Cant appease them
Your physical, mental and emotional health is the foundation of your #sales success over time. Read my
i have family in town this weekend and they actually want to go, so i'll be going tomorrow now!
I know that was hard for you lol
Ha ha ha. You.Will.Pay. “: What? #sorrypleaseforgiveme”
So when robert downey jr. was on , he kind of looked like greg brady.
it was in a purse of mine, of course lol
Understand ur point i just think c brown is under a mlicroscope not sure tolerates or embraces him
I couldn't type about it when it came in but Hugo's raw stereo footage just floored everybody.
re Rome gems, ever been to Aurora 10? Love it!
Sleep. Pilates. Move. => Officially entering the back-to-back-event mode.
I'll DM it to you
Thanks John!
RT : +1 “MT : #nonprofits: #socialmedia doesn't raise $, people do. Tell your stories. Stories drive donations, not...
THEY DO WERE THEM JUST NOT ALL THE TIME LIKE CARLOS
what's up miss
What you know about "Suits" ???
yur def spot on with the D. Just gotta believe with a full compliment of players & a fresh #52, D will play better!
Maybe you should move there :)
yes we are
Wonder If Ever Got Her iPhone ? Lmao
A thousand words won't give so deep an impact as one action.
im hungry ass fuck
The door is always open
so pretty!
which are you taking?
whiskey and nerdery...
I think I can be your mrs. Griffo
cant wait to go to crandon for some snowmobiling and snow shoeing! ! ! Friday cant come fast enough
no RT : can you feel the love in the air? Lmfao
thanks for the info on the gem blogs.
Form 8938 is really nasty but at least online gambling accounts don't appear to be covered.
Real world education lets people choose their teacher and choose their education. ~ Robert Kiyosaki
Watched J.J. Abrams TED just now, and I can't really tell where Spielberg ends and he begins. And, I don't care, really.
I love you! <3
.. Party, 15, All of that tonight! :D
Mo has a blood clot??? Yikers.
Thanks! Good luck on your sale!
Going to the Super Bowl is defenitely on my bucket list!! <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0088>
Trust gets you killed, Love gets you hurt, and being real gets you hated
what are you up to lets hangout
Nobody wanna be consider as a broke nigga, because when you broke you consider as a joke nigga. And nobody wants a joke nigga
Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes. ~ Thoreau
hi hi hi hi
M... Soleil is tasty!
Smarter than wickett tomorrow?
A moonlight tour of the monuments sounds neat. I've only had a chance to see a few lit up at night when I've visited DC.
Congratulations and have a wonderful day/ night! Hopefully the #Phillies win tonight too!
Matt, You got my vote. LOL
I had HELLP w/my 1st pregnancy, will it happen again in #2? DD was delivered at 27 wks
I want a copy of 's #digiday presentation. Anyone know if it's available? What abt others?
Wish I could be at the #Marathon party instead of working. Enjoy some tequila for me everyone.
no no on the jigga beer
Just restocked Sidecar grocery in U-District with cute little vials of cookie perfume!
It's a go? will have its first rec ride next Thursday leaving at 6:30 PM from the #Carmel. Pls retweet
watching my sisters play #JustDance3 LOL.
Last Tuesday of High School
marley, you're silly. :)
Wow TeamGarbaj b sweating the shit out of you'd think they'd b on Sicki's twitter if they're so called fans. so sad
2day I lead a Social Media Marketing workshop to my fellow Small Bmsiness Advisory Council members at 1PM. Am nervous AND excited!
It's official! KCarl will be covering & judging SceneMags first print magazine coming out in August
I'm interested in Blind Connect's May 4 dinner.... In darkness ...to bring about awareness of blind issues.
Libraries and museums should participate in "prudent risk taking" because you can't make change perfect!
that just made me smile how ya been graduate? My fellow alumni!!
Jennifer Hudson's Sister -- Frantic 911 Call ... Somebody Killed My Mother
April 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character and.
I need a bad lil babie
So far away...
Glad you clarified that you were referring to the TV show. ;)
i'm hyper c:
A new smartboard was set up in my classroom. I spent the day trying to figure out the mass of cables...arghhh!
If any ONE can do it, anyone can do it. Besides, it’s rarely about CAN you do it and almost always about WILL you do it.
Am I going to have to use an #OldJediMindTrick on you.
yeah, it might be too cool for the Midwest still.
they never disapoint people<3 lol & are they really?! Sweet :D
showing love to the people in japan... God Bless Amen......
money burns quicker then you think
Hi Derek- Thanks for the question, please email customer service at regarding your inquiry
THAT WAS A GOOD ONE IMMA APPLY THAT
Living life , aint nothing but a thang .. (:
yeah no need to volley that lol
trying Seesmic and, so far, liking it better than TweetDeck. Using it with three accounts: personal + 2 sections of intro to major.
"When I read, I listen. When I write, I listen---for silence, inflection, rhythm, rest." Speak it Toni.
Im killing shit on call of duty
Rob Ryan should be the head coach
So my niece is into the color beige!!
thanks, I downloaded the book your brain after chemo cant wait to read it
It blows my mind at the number of people who tweet during class and think they wont be noticed when they do it.....
I'm 2 days behind on Twitter, so, keep Certified Copy, albeit a great film, just release a Blu-ray of TWO-LANE BLACKTOP already.
i am officially addicted to ZUMBA!
Python3 I have a friend who gave us lessons but I don't have a purpose for using it. When I do I'll check out those books. Thanks!
I'm pretty sure people think I'm a lesbian... I'm not
S/O 2 On The Follow Back Much Love :)
DO NOT KNOW HOW MANY PEOPLE WOULD BE TO PLACE YOUR ......
love the blackburn resign. add Rivers & it Seems they're positioning to move Kiwi back to DE & trade Osi. Agree? Disagree?
my pants are still on because you're restraining me. you can pull them down
Awesome!! We love new people. Make sure to get the Cookie Dough in a hand rolled waffle cone!
lol..we don't know it's some ex-football player, thats only speculation ;) and he definitely isn't in trouble..but still, yea..odd
i will be there!!
Is this a flashback to when I watched this show or my childhood?
who the hell is Nico still standing Schwanz?
no?? This Week!
Happy Birthday Mike.
Ew. ;P I'm gonna go pee and take a shower now then get ready to go to grandma's. :\ ugh.
You are the nastiest white trash slut I have ever seen.
i once proposed to sarah phillips. told her $100 if she said yes, $250 for a wedding, and $500 for a baby. she referred me to nilesh prasad
M I have money to spend at Eddie Bauer today! :-D I'm seriously so excited to go buy clothes. SO. EXCITED.
Strategic planning session to develop program quality standards. Do I start with what we want or what we have?
seeing these nba analysts talk about derrick rose is like watching somebody talk at a funeral.
Chillin outside on couches
Thank you! Shout outs to Frank and Crazy Ray the Soldiers!
Had a great time with u beautiful.
Ooh, I haven't tried that yet, I'll head to South Coast Plaza & see if I can find it. Thanks!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (813) 352 3275 Tampa \ Clearwater Call NOW
Lake this weekend! Hell yeah:)
No problem!
RT : How do we define co-curricular? univ focuses on all non-academic student facing services
Getting my bike ready for #HillyHundred tomorrow, parking lot full of cars with bikes.
Hey #VirginiaBeach, I hope you are all ok, including pilots. Prayers.
marginally better. Lohan more intriguing (if un-substance-addled) and Liz has already been exploited beyond belief.
get ready to hear the lamest thing ever: i couldn't miss any work. please make me feel bad & tell me it was awesome.
Bitches be spammin
RT RT I love being around people that can make me laugh
all good man ...u?
Room Raiders is on!
hey man my friend Carolyn is a huge fan, i wanted to see if i could get an autograph off of you for her! let me know! thanksgoJETS!
Is working hard to devise a distribution plan for the AD doc. The goal is to answer everyone's question of WHEN can you see it?
what else would you wear?!
Is this response to #ows different from the response to the Free Speech movement? Kent State? #ishistoryrepeatingitself?
Lmfao I guess but after that note night
Mitch Albom's column today was particularly curmudgeon-y and terrible.
yes. I live with a golden retriever and a yellow lab. Dyson works great.
RT : #Mindful Take a moment to appreciate the now. Go through your five senses. Notice the physical. Notice any thoughts....
You know chinese food is amazing you admit it! :)
AP in Columbus. Shiiit
Kisses after dark :)
Rise/Grind
Thx to all who voted for us as Best #Greek on ! We got 4th pl! Not bad for being reopened only a yr but we'll be #1 in 2012!
RT : RT : You cannot get to the top by sitting on your bottom.
Tim Tebow who? Out in Colorado Manning Mania is in effect...and Tebow isn't even gone yet. Ouch.
Colorful Visions At African-American Art Exhibit - NPR
I think I have a copy of the movie. If so, I'll bring it Sunday
No, the chant is Canada: America's Hat...
Thanks, , for a new ice cream experience. Caramel and bacon-yum!
Morning buddy ^_^
420 Psych Show Tonight! Technicolor Teeth, Moss Folk, Red Stuff, and Hairolina + visual mind melting by Brownshoesonly!
We have new hours on Thursdays! Now open: 2:30 PM to 6 PM! Please note this change!
Last day in DC, getting stuff done at ala's office for information technology policy.
wtf really ? Why is he goin too jail ?
Drinking wine? RT : In CO, at Elway's downtown, watching the Dodgers losing to the Rockies...tough night for a Dodgers fan!...
It is back up now and that's very cool. Thanks!
have fun! Be sure to tweet for the ppl stuck at home!
washington blvd to highland park bridge- slow as hell.
thank you!!!!
Despite Courtney's idiotic recent tweets, this past weekend's Hole reunion has me spinning & loving Live Through This all over again today.
exactly, who knows what else she did to him :/ hopefully he's still alive.
Anyone heading to #ihrim conference next week?
Gargamel is such a jerk.
got the skunk hair back! :D
nothing against chalmers or anyone else but steve kerr is legit
Those are some sharp looking ladies!
Me: *makes weird bird noise* Mrs. Lowery: Madeline! Do I need to move yall? Me: *small voice* no...
#Imagine Austin: "Im gonna nickname you google." You: "Whys that? xD" Austin: "Because your everything ive been searching for." he smiles<3
When we get for breakfast, every other meal that day has bagels it in. Lunch: Bagel tuna melts. Dinner: Salad w/ bagel croutons.
Hello Love hows your day?
I mean, who doesn't want to smell like Donald Trump's #Success, aka a bankrupt Atlantic City casino?
Whenever my brother insults me, I just laugh and tell him thanks. Nothing makes him more angry than when I don't fight back with him <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
saw you guys at the Adams Ave festival this AM!!
We need bilingual brand ambassadors to help us in Hallandale, FL (Miami) this Thursday-Saturday. Please contact ASAP!
edgy today are we?! Smile the week is half over!
watching that 70s show. lolol. my parents know someone that shane dawson knows.
I see right through that BS. You're done.
um....everyone liked my names. lincoln? no way. laken! and that was also from santa barbara-both bad ass names. both for girls:)
Halftime of Jesuit's "Singing in the Rain" musical - is Jessica Wyatt doing her 7th inning stretch?
Wait you've never been right???
Keep calm and let the boyz make you feel like the Only Girl In The World.
Really nice lunch today with a whole blob of people at Go Fish. Fishtastic sushi.
training student workers again this morning. Seems like lately this is all I do anymore.
HI BLAKE! I LOVE YOU!
thank you for sexy omlet talk.
rumor has it that someone has a little crush on
what the mamacita
Yep...to go along w/Nixon's "I am not a crook!" and Cheney's "I am not a war criminal!"
Big announcements to come tonight/early tomorrow morning. Just found out about a bunch of great events in a couple weeks.
if he a killer and she stick around she might be white cause white people nosey as hell
thank you daughter!!!!
Cops say man steals crab legs from Tops in Canandaigua then leads cops on slow speed chase. They catch him & the crab legs in Bushnells Bas.
u can now call me the sexy sax woman
Spring is in the Snow! - uh I mean the Air!
RT : At #D2L11 conf. Future of eLearning is analytics say the bean-counters. Student experience is innumerable -- count that!
3 out of the 4 students never used a library before college...um wow
Found so many things in the dock today...one of those things was a thick rope. Strange enough, it resembled a nuse. Mr. Webb...?
Pulling up at work
After apology 2 Tuskegee victims in 1998, realized new Tuskegee was push 4 prostate cancer screening, says
“: In Cin/Bal - I would have kept it as a TD.”.
Happy are those who #dream dreams and are willing to pay the price to make them come true
hey Lisa!! (: doing pretty good! Pretty sick :( I miss you too! I would love to do that for you girl! (: how are you??
Twitter, whatever u r doing 2 send all the noise about hoes, fuck, bitch, gay crap, please stop, don't TELL me i am following these people
BuzzCo has some of those folks! =)
S/O to the homie Tez for the play day he's having at Jo Johnson. If y'all N the area let yo kids eat n play
most are shy, or really little!
I think boston's cross-walks are placebos
Haha no way! Im used to hot weather but I HATE it. Lol
Baltimore is a great town!
#BonnarooLive Hey wen is rise against performing
I'm about to endure this very same Sunday press/clean-up fate! xx
Who would you vote for in the next election?
When does someone start sponsoring the walk up 18 in a major final? Seems like a premium brand could own that during coverage.
FYI there is a dental tool called the "cavitron". Must be a distant cousin of the Grabitron.
Pre-puppy/wedding/house I would have said I was getting ready for banquet. Now I'm just hoping my clothes match later
come on we're #bbn we only recruit the best in all areas ;-)
But now it's time to sleep
Try detol. You can get it from kingpin. You almost can't get the stencil off.
We're happy to support a friend!
You are the Universal Girl...
I got some mean old shin splits D;
A lot of emergency vehicle activity in Columbia Heights. Unconfirmed report of a shooting at 14th and Columbia
Looking forward to the start of the ENA show here in NOLA. Exhibit hall opens at 9:30 Friday. We're at booth 539.
#iBeatMyDickSoMuch That one arm is bigger than the other.....They call me little arm big arm
<U+266C> This day in 1966, Bob Dylan suffered a broken neck vertebra after crashing his Triumph motorcycle near his home in New York <U+266C>
all the sudden i find it ridiculous that i'm following 500 people/companies/info sites on twitter
music is the only thing dat make sense
No one cares about me.
Happy Thanksgiving from everyone at Gumer & Co! Hope everyone has a great day spending time with family and friends!
"Fear is met and destroyed with courage."
You shouldn't give up. Fight for yourself and who you are. You've got to go through the worst times in life to get the best.
Setting up to be a slaughter : (
At the Gilge family Christmas! Yummy food and good conversation!
(I promised I would post it...)
Very bad start. Lost half my stack by playing bad. Not happy with my game right now! Tough table as well.
your butt. ICONiacz like that.
Less than a month until my birthday :D
i doubt you'll see this but please follow me. 143 :) 10
That moment when you have loads of notifications o FB but your waiting for the one that aren't there:'(
Great quote!
Left a TO in Boston!
#smx Facebook now has 800 million users. The previous record holder was heroin.
(I have no idea how many attendees there are.)
what time u going to the crawl? did you get a shirt from this year?
I'm about to change into my "versatile outfit"
The largest conducting class I ran had 35+ students. It was fun darting around the room fixing everyone’s technique.
city have had to build a whole team in 4 yrs and over paid. Utd have still spent a fortune on players and have recouped some
Maybe not, but it means there is hope... ;)
Damn mexico is losing do badly..they shud have win :(
I will be back the weekend the Cubs are in town. I look forward to my margarita that weekend.
Blah. I can't find an icon.
i love u and im excited too cant wait !!!!! :D
Hey Guys this Sunday is the 1st day of Startingpoint Apex!!
you still have time to redeem yourself...I will apologize when you do
Another great game from our Men's Basketball team!
guess wat!!! 4 my 17th birthday in less hen 3 months im getting a half sleeve of the lyrics to savior :) <3 ur amazing andy :) haha
how do we get an invite code? Hook it up - we are double down!
Friend went to see #DarkShadows. Said quite a few folks in her cineplex line didn't know it was a TV series.
All these YouTube videos have proven to me just how badly the #WWENetwork is going to bomb.
You're a FN moron (and I say that in the nicest, sweetest way possible - moron)
7 then? I'm way excited.
ha thanks, I'm glad my annoyance with the person in front of me at panda was justified
I never knew there was an emoji question mark or exclamation mark. Ben just showed me it
The more we stuff ourselves with material pleasures, the less we seem to appreciate life~BAMM.
There's a rumor that you had to have your vagina registered as a concealed weapon, is that true?
Men are doubtful and skeptical about the Church they suspect and dislike the clergy they are impatient of theological systems bu
Never been happier! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
FOLLOW ME!
This is the 3rd timethis has happened to me. My bank will definitely pay me back I just have to wait a while to get my money back
Love the 2 finger name ring you wore in the "take my survey" video...pretty please share where to buy - I took the survey!
Its the end of the year and idrgaf about much.
Near North Park..went to Pepper Grove today and it was really nice. I don't have much playground experience :)
sweet sensei! Danny Larusso is on DWTS! RT : The Karate f***ing Kid is going to be on Dancing with the Stars. Awesome.
Weekends are always too short! :)
On my way to house of blues with to see tonight<33 gonna be waiting al day (:
how did you manage to say that much more eloquently than I did?!?!?
I could ask you the same question!
no that's what my teacher said a few minutes ago
trade me halladay. u need a catcher which montero will be in like 2 weeks
Hey there...sorry I"m delayed in responding. We're in Santa Fe for a few days and cell service in sketchy in the mountains.
Is it necessary to "sign out" on multiple open tab on one website? I've been doing this, but would like to stop if it's safe.
Happy Mothers Day to those with the most important job in the world!
csvkit is nicorette for my excel habit
Good morning #TIES11! Don't miss "50 Sites in 50 Minutes" at 11:45am in Nicollet D w/
When I drive by its like I fly by...
For the morning after the premiere I'm treating myself to the most delicious bagel with cream cheese.
Lots of Fail Whale this morning ... :-(
stop fucking playing
From to today! I cannot wait to work on my freckles...I mean tan at the baths!
He tweeted me that it was satire, something one of my male friends guessed. I didn't!
The Extra Plus in Leadership: Attitude :-) -John C. Maxwell
oh :( I know this is a kind of stalker-ish question but do u go to Duncan u. Fletcher highschool?
I know
since then, sox are 12 - 2 (I think we brought them luck)
About time loses her Foundation virginity.
I blame #MountFuji for everything.
A brief stop in ATL before we head to London
A lot of things can change in 9 years, for the better or worse
ah, it's a course being offered at the Univ of Baltimore this summer.
This guy on fb just told be I'm a man of worth and he'd be honored to have me. Niggas will say anything to hit this. Lololol
RT : #SteveBlakeProtectionFund <- !!! see, donate to THAT, not the Zimmerman website!
: Balmy #ww cheers! Hope it stays that way for New Year's fun this weekend!
i remember when you got 1 million followers.Now, you have 21 million :)
RT if you have school tomorrow and you're dreading it.
FYI: Our new music is coming and it's our best yet.
Hopefully today will be my day
as bold as it may be its equally as true
tribeca film festival is next week do not forget to purchase your tickets
Goodmorning! #Church with :D
Both are legit & hosted by but offer different experiences to different crowds email
RT : introduced as session provocateur #txla12 #txla12e-re as always
RT : I'd like to thank Tim Tebow, normally a peaceful and spiritual man, for committing murder and killing the 2011 Jets season.
Hotel beds
ArtWalk. yarnbombingyarnbombingyarnbombing. If i had yarn, and knew how to use it, I'd be with Sue outside The Jazz Gallery, whoopin it up.
Just laid down big money on the #27. Let's bring this baby to the front early!!!
You are confused baby it's just like you to say anything else ....
Time to get high
that's why I don't mess with niggas I got a man lol
Analogy: we feel more secure driving our own car but in fact we are safer on plane when we relinquish control to another
maybe I can get Bird to pick us up again!!!
Be sure to visit us for breakfast. lunch or dinner...we'll be open on Christmas Day! Cafe Con Leche
“: I THINK I JUST SAW A DEAD DOG IN THE MIDDLE OF THE ROAD #WTF #greatstarttomymorning” why do dead animals seem to follow u
I'm too nice to you
We are, thanks! I'm doing all of 's texting and tweeting for her... Safety first!
GUTS tutors available from 12pm-12am to help with all your last-minute tutoring needs. Free treats for those getting help.
Heading out to the Magnet Theater tonight for some Improv. I'm definitely going to sign up and perform tonight.
Watching the late night news on a Saturday night. lol
Nancy, are you coming to the gathering?
What song is getting you through the day?
- great discussion and topic.
Public school's are so random
Kentucky hasn't missed a shot in 9 minutes.
RT A2 After the TagWhat session last week, I approached our board today abt doing a dedicated stream for that.
I've just started. 5.5 is my longest so far. I've been using the Nike+GPS app and it's been great! I highly recommend it!
First Labor Day BBQ in Milwaukee... you ready ?
Somewhere in the US tonight, a younger recipient died waiting on a heart transplant that went to war criminal Cheney. .
A4 I wanna be engaged anywhere except the bathroom, really. It happened to me once - was awkward. Just don't do it ;)
I know the world's a broken bone, but melt your headaches, call it home
the signs are up! We will be next to Einstein Bagels near Lantern Rd. We are excited as well.
And the new president is basically just living with his girlfriend, who is now First Lady of France. Crazy French people.
Billboard latin music awards red carpet it's ON , channel 20 , it has english subtitles if interested ;-)
it's why I keep a pair of shin guards in the left hand, lower drawer of my desk in my office
I, for one, am moving to the basement and waiting out the End Times.
A very valid point RT : not when it comes to summer jams
Gay Thoughts has a sick instrumental, the whole song is epic! !
wow well I still like them mostly because of my Patrick Kane lol
what a world, what a world.
Fun Fact Friday: Mexico City is sinking an avg of 10cm/yr. Why? Building on a soft lake bed then pumping out subterranean water reserves.
if you hear singing on a record, 90% of the time he most likely #produced the record as well!!!!
Haha, Yeah not a big fan of that spot. Last time I been there way 2 years ago.
Thanks for voting for me and helping become the Peoples Choice winner and taking second place overall!! Enjoy the takeout too :-)
Hi Darren, just spoke to your cousin, Dan. Please feel free to call +1-773-828-9544 or if you send me your # I will call you
Successful weekend :)
Good point. Now is the time for him to make some serious investments. Per the article, of course.
Elite Eight here we come!
What's the hype with all these emojis? They're not that cool lol.
But i wantt some fries
Today is my Friday, and I'm so happy I forgot I had a terrible headache! ::: doing the Snoopy dance! :::
Very Cool! “: yesterday we discussed the potential use of OHMS with the StoryCorps collection at #SCArchive”
Your really funny!:] Thanks for wishing me a happy birthday again!Whats ur name?:]
Praise the Lord Jesus!!!
Laura ... failures, experiences, and ambitions
One down.
I will try that see if it works
And so begins yet another day.
Burning a little midnight oil and reviewing footage from yesterday's shoot. Looks great!
I thought I'd put them in the same room and let them fight it out
"Separate the good stuff from the bad..." "I pick my friends like I pick my fruit." ~Erykah speaking to me.
Good night beauties <3 y'all are amazing &' I'm so happy &' lucky to have y'all in my life. (: I love you.
Beware of the person of one book. Thomas Aquinas
I just wanna get high and spend the rest of my day with
Go forth and judge harshly
Listening to a lot of thanks to
Reduced SHORT $NZDUSD for +25 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 77% SHORT
This is about to be hard af!!!
And it sure as hell ain't cancer! #FuckCancer how has the wife been?
Not impossible. Adjusted stats (adjusted points, adjusted goals created) do a pretty good job of comparing eras.
There's a naked asian dude in our gym. Lol Can't go in there yet!!
Holiday Sale tomorrow 9-5 ! Get AWESOME items from the Casa Ideas collection! All proceeds will help #SexuallyAbusedChildren!
Oh we're a hangout all right! Stop down for a drink soon.
I saw this guy at the after-rehearsal reception who looked EXACTLY like Gabe from the Office, only short and blond.
Real Rap! Ain't even no honor, respect or loyalty amongst "family" no more!
Good morning, Angela! Look forward to the discussion here...
sounds like a great Monday. Enjoy the rest of your week Chris! The is certainly a workout...phew!
I'm a genius haha. 10/10 right now too
heeheehee. My channel is strictly G rated. :)
I used to just think it was right. Now that I've been given so much, I feel it's my responsibility to give back!
Hey how did it go??
Getting ready for "So, you have some genome data. What now?" session at
#WalmartSucks didn't do the work on my car they said they would & they damaged the vehicle. Just to clarify the last txt.
But we /need/ APC!
Don't even go there w me. Spammer!!!!!
Harharhar! Tweet Tweet!
Fuck financial aid! You still gone owe Sally Mae dumb money after that peice of paper ...#venting lol
Tonight is FIRST FRIDAY @ Bosco's Social Club! Bring a toy for the toy drive & let's party!!! & will be there!
also coolin' smae old same old, but friday is coming!
#Sun is shinning in #San Antonio! YAY! SUN
duh ur coming
E: "Um...is Grampa Joe going to put some clothes on?"
Anyone else out there a Downton Abbey fan? I can't wait for Sunday's premiere!
What did people do during awkward situations in the old days without cell phones to pretend-text?
is exhausted. She's getting too old for 18 hour days.
It’s not everyday you find someone who can deal with my bullshit. Hahah
no, you seriously are. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Put it in the air
Instagram will get better infrastructure, FB should get stickiness for images
strategic guidance > targeted design > measurable results
Drinking a Big Red Icee cruzing.Listening to drop it low.
Thanks for the retweet !
I'm not taking down my Christmas decorations earlier than February 1!
"The future is not something we enter. The future is something we create." ~ Leonard I. Sweet
ok cool!
Chili cookoff today with my favorite girlies :) Everyone needs a few weekend indulgences.
been ready to kick off Nascar season for 2 months now
Crime After Crime described how Debbie Peagler was freed under unique CA law that allows DV survivors to bring evidence of abuse.
“ Happy Resurrection Sunday :)”
"Carrying change to access a learning network is not going to work." on making toll free web radio.
I'm the asshole, the fool and the idiot all in one. Swell night..
few peeps who can make me laugh as hard as you. great chatting.. Safe travels home!
Hey wait! I was sitting next to the pastry goddess and didn't even know it. Man! I would have gotten your autograph! :)
Had a good week
Today: ShabuShabu, , Small Bar & - what's the opposite of FML?
I just bought a 60" Samsung LED TV and i'm very happy with it. Samsung definately. I researched a lot before i got it.
Im so tired but i cant GO TO SLEEP -_-
I so dig live music.
i alreadyy claimed my territory.! <333
This hotel and its stupid HALLWAY OF DOOM!!!
Smh, duh... What I'm telling you is that I'm TRYING to change it. Obviously I'm away from my cpu. Quit poppin off fat head lol!
This twitter feed is actually the second level of the dream.
it was unbelievably awesome
I've been GREAT. Just working hard!!! Ready for our trip again (hint). Hope your doing well
The Legend of the Bag of Pants.
This week in review by moi: and news on much more.
sadly... too many voters are just damn lazy. :(
too many hash tags is poor marketing dude all it does is make real marketing people unfollow you
Going to bed.. night night....
Miami tomorrow BIG PERFORMANCE
I can't grow anything. I kill the simplest plant. But I have an orchid that has flowered twice while in my office. How? No idea.
Can't join us on Thursday 12pm for THATCamp event with ? Never fear, will be livetweeting throughout
Ladies if you still need your hair done for that special occasion, Valentines Day contact me asap
who wants to go for a walk ?
all NY flights canceled out of Atlanta again today. We really want to show new Broker lead capture and management system at
Theres always a reason why ppl are the way they are .
S/O to our newest followers .. who are you fav designers?
Wanting a repeat of summer '06 — drinking red wine, watching #twinpeaks and eating sushi. how can we make this happen?
I got to start talking like this. #poetry : Gingrich on CNN, looking back: "the more visionary I was, the better we were doing." #dude!
You fuckin nugget haha. Take care man
what the hell happened to the twitter page..? why do they keep changing stuff? is this a tweet... no idea now.
K1 is finally here! A cross between Durban Poison and Sour Diesel. It packs an intense "head high" that can last up to 4 hours.
Ya;ll watching CNN...something is going on at the prison...massive amounts of cop cars just pulled up to the crowd with sirens and lights
i actually like this song c: he is so cute
let's do 8:06 AM live in studio. See you then!
We got word that #seattle and #bellevue's will be expanding to Park City Utah and
They should do that with the football teams too
Find yourself, not a man .
It'll totally pass. is in a bit of a funk too, minus the old-lady crosswalk good samaritan thing.
And more cynically, schools wanting to have some jurisdiction over their dirty laundry.
yuh got one of those messages from you, change your password or some shit
You don't know what it is though!! I bet you'll spaz out yerp.
I'm currently addicted to painting my nails :p
Lmao, besides you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
sprint has free mobile to mobile anytime. I already talk to you for free.
What?? No way that's awesome!! More time to visit me now!!
thanks!! Lol.. You must have had cologne on because she smells really good. Hahaha :)
Thanks to for the #FF, I really appreciate it!
Such a pretty day
Hungry and in Austin. Any recos? I am ready to eat something yummy!
If you need me don't call me, i'll be in Florida!
Subway, Train, Monorail, Airplane, World's Shortest Ferry Ride, Shuttle Bus, Subway, Streetcar, Taxi = Toronto Day One. Zeppelin tomorrow?
My neighbor is cooking me dinner tonight. Does that mean I have to have sex with her?
I think, at this moment right now, i am genuinely sad.
#ThisSummerImTryna do new things, unexpected things, with unexpected people, at unexpected times.
Aw I was planning to be in NJ that wknd for my Mom's bday! But I'll see you in March.in Chitown
yes sir!
happy b-day
I had to! I write about cats, too. And they talk, in their own way. :)
80 degree weather...i say hello
Karaoke tonight at Prosperity. Starts at 9pm.
Tonights goal was to be emotionally stable yet Annie is making us pregame to #adele and
Great name you've got there!...app not working yet. I gained 2 followers but #LazyUnfollow shows no new followers.
When will these kids learn that it is not safe to drive and text, be smart and stop doing dumb shit. This is your life..THINK.
No shame! :P
"Put the writings in your heart, and you will be protected... Do you not recall the (fate of) the unskilled man? His name is not known."
yup! its gonna be cray!!
Happy Friday to you! Come back to see us soon!
u are beyond adorable.
Nicki minaj id so unique she sometimes annoy me wit her voice but she straight
HOLY CRAP. I'm holding in my hands the final tracks for the new album. it's coming out this week you guys, and IT ROCKS.
Thanks for the #WW!
Many traditional organizations are perpetuaing a limited culture, philosophy, and/or mindset. Transcendence begins with you!
I do!!! I'm SO SO SO sorry my ki.doe kept telling me you didn't exist and I was like YEZ SHE DOES!!!!
Bottles models studio weed
Literally took me 4 tries to get that last tweet right <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Texas roadhouse with !Happy birthday to my best friend ! :)
meeeeeeees s i cant wait luv u alex
Do you think what's on the radio top 10 now days is shit?
It must be tough to have everything at your favor (wealth, beauty, fame) and still fail miserably.
I hear that's worth checking out! What's your favorite place to try?
Cinco de Mayo followers!
Need a good brain workout? Come into Fire tonight for , and you could take home a sweet bar tab!
Thank ya, glad ya like it RT : Thanks for the following your music is awesome :D
so many fun programs brewing in the weekly intern meeting!
Developers have a tough time depositing those at ATMs
RT : Thanks for the morning sticky bun! I'll be making eggnog and singing carols tonight #HDSholiday <wow need a demo!
Slowly recovering from producing/emceeing last night's show/also apparently the flu.
Where can you get an 18" pizza with 2 toppings for $12 on Tuesday? That's only 5 cents per square inch!
wait a sec! they are playing all bieber music vids on MTV hits! this is a great day
dude could you check if you typed the fez code right not working :[
At Broadway Pier on bay downtown San Diego for press conference supporting Navy Broadway Complex project. New jobs & revenue for San Diego
No rondo smh
Whos gonna rebound RT : No Bosh..changes everything..Wade and James its time..Lets ride
Lebanon Chiropractic Center Announces Success With Integrated Approach to Wellness
yea I was thinking Upshaw. Let's see!!
I wish oomf would buy a freakin clue
Go rye rye!
We're gearing up for our career workshop tonight at the Randall! Hope to see all you BAEMPs at 6:30 for a great event.
If your avi pic is blurry as fuck when I enlarge it don't tweet me. Get your ass a damn decent camera!
Got a raving review from Paul Anka (he wrote My Way song) about my CD Angelic Winters. You can enjoy it too at www.oksana-k.com/store
Lots of parallels to both publishing and open source software in the film vs. digital documentary Side By Side. I recommend it.
we always serve donuts! Every weekend that is...
#justfiguredout what the trend HP was. I'm the nerd that thought computers. Or am I less of a nerd? Either way,
Pushing, Pulling, Flexion, Extension & Rotation = #Weight Lifting
Oh, I wish I was there to help! LOVE that place.
Where did you see me? i miss you kirsssst <3
Congratulations to Jack Friedman for closing #7D at 25 Murray Street for $1.625M! Great job!!
MT : Wanna sign up for the ? Join our team by May 12 & get 2 tix to the ! DM us for details!
That's awesome. So happy for you. Congrats! :)
Thanks and
Steelers should draft a decent goalie to back up Flower.
<can be prevented. how are you feeling today? im resting much more than yesterday bc my mom is here to help. yesterday i was >
I've slept alone for the past several days and im kind of enjoying it. (KIND OF)
NY is cool man just putting in more and more work. Lots of inspiration.
hello sexy men we found ya in the closet & wanna cum out with u!!
Let fuck in the bathroom!! lol
just searching for a Laker loss smh RT : It's cool...cuz I THINK they got the #Thunder next....#DATSYOASS word to lol
Anyone want to tag along to today's Oriole doubleheader?
I hope! haha thanks! :)
uh means it's a category.
I panicked! Influxx is my joint.
Meeting you was awesome. I was also stupidly intoxicated. Whateva :) cc
had a lovely breakfast with my dear friend now its emails and calls and all things American Idol. Let the craziness begin.
I have "And the Crowd Goes Wild" in my I-pod rotation. Love John's groove on that tune. Is the band with you tonight?
#RIP Junior Seau
This weekend went too fast !! Rewind !! LOL.
Choice Hotels International Relies on IMN to Streamline Internal Email Newsletter Communications with 6,000 Properties ...
Tommy Lee Jones :)
tell me how the tickets to see tw are already sold out....
i liked that one. it made the top 15. I REALLY like sh*t asian moms say. had an asian GF for 3 yrs. its totally true
gosh he makes the WORST jokes.
this is a very pretty photo......you're so beautiful.
Nice work. Ron Howard joined you guys too it looks like.
Staining my parents deck..
We can get you into serious business of eating and you know, it's RAW!
Thanks! We're glad you love it...it's great bruschetta!
I miss YOU! NYC misses you! misses you! Even Gene! Come back will you? I'll give you tea and #Armenian jam!
Did anyone in #Columbus feel the #earthquake #dcquake ?
scam mail from the fbi ofc in nigeria or to 'lottery winner' always amuses me. simple pleasures.
Hey Mr. Davis! Hope everything is good!!
Amen, my friend. RT : Have to keep things in perspective, some one would love to have your problems.
you gotta a lotta nerve to think your a helping hand
At the gym
Desultory, painted, tea.
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - either #capitalism works or it doesn't.
Need a job for the summer......
Of to sleep, goodnight<U+2665>
Like your team except for JJ and Jansen. Though you should of reeled in in there.
As crazy as my life is, listening to anything by keeps me humble, #AMAZING #REALMUSIC is hard to find, thanks guys :)
what does keyless ENTRY EVEN MEAN
What do you think of tenmast software? the product and the company?
Real Estate - Have you seen all of the text instructions on the realty signs? Better get started on your own text program. www.zesmo.com
wow! You don't even follow me on twitter, I feelz so neglectificated lol
No your not, you never listen!!!
RT : Getting a great opportunity to show the new release to right now.
I'm in Little Rock. The news coverage is crazy.
I know shes Hella bigger now! Lol she b talkn her ass off
#BlueRock would like to welcome #WebMD to our #studio today!
Poll irresponsible teenagers about their views on sex and drugs and use that model for the rest .Wouldn't that be great? UNRAVEL
I think that video is great! I have a song Stronger 2, but it was written about being bullied. Yet it could work!
Glad it made it to you safe and sound!
agreed but he keeps bringing the ball down on offense; needs to stay high
Ah, I like Bodemeister, Take Charge Indy and Dullahan- hope you're well
and super generous...3 encores at one concert...and only $25 tix...no hidden fees...He's amazing...we can all learn from him
what's your tax question? I can try to answer it. PM if you want!
that was fast! You must be hanging around the greyhound station again
Twas thinking vimeo. Should be pretty cool. Interactive student art...you can't beat that.
"DUDE! You have the Ultra Magnus of iPhones!" guy on campus regarding my rugged iPhone case.
Thanks for following us! We're big fans.
Wait. Did I send you a pic of them?
for the Art Book Fair w/ and
"Twas the night before Christmas" ...whoops, got a little ahead of myself. We'll try again tomorrow.
Was excited to see Krispy Kreme in #DC. Then I remembered why I hadn't had one in years =
#PresidentObama lands in MSP at 10:20 and is set to speak at 11:30. Watch it all live on and kare11.com!
It doesn't matter which format you use as long as you're consistent.
I do to
Paula Deen is announcing she has diabetes. And if you've ever made any of her recipes, you probably do too.
9 = go go time
Walking into my room when a concrete door stopper comes out of no where and you stub your toe <
Whos NICE on the Graphics that could do my Itunes cover for my new record?
Although Tebow led his team in the fourth quarter, Prater (their kicker) won the game ...
We LOVE all parades that show off Cincinnati and Northern Kentucky!!!!!
happy Monday!
no I'm not..send it to one of the #BillsMafia heads. Just think there are cute fans Trust me I don't need beat material @ all
Excited to hear Vice President Joe Biden speak tomorrow! Lets get re-energized and re-inspired like 2008.
OUT WITH THE OLD IN WIT THE NEW
If you are insulted because of the name of Christ, you are blessed, for the Spirit of glory and of God rests on you. -1 Peter 4:14
Is this a Semih Erden sighting?!?!
Distance destroys.
This lady just called me and obviously had the wrong number and was like "hey hunny, I left my phone in the car" I don't know you..
Pretty solid weekend comes to a close and the RFProject is in effect
Doing some much-needed #Drupal updates. I think my users are tired of seeing the red warning messages.
EVERYBODY in this house, is really, really, REALLY, irritating the shit out of me! Smh..
Watching the rain inside and thanks to the wind, it has changed directions at least 50 times. Wow ! That's a heavy storm !
That adventure I had just endured with was definitely one to remember. Too much adrenaline.. Avoiding bushes and garages! Lmao
We're working on selling our donut mix online. That's close, right? We'll keep you posted! :)
follow me plz pretty
Kentucky leads Ole Miss 7-6 in the 2nd quarter.
thanks for checking us out man. Hope you enjoy what you see. Keep in touch.
how do we make them stop????? <U+E411>
I hope comes to with her Remy Martin crew!
#eviltip 02 eat healthy until you're immortal
Just stop talking baseball if you're going to be complete idiots. Seth McClung is pitching for Nashville.
and would you love, could you love, to be ordinary :)
“: All these April Fools jokes are getting really annoying tbh.” You are so right I'm just Like "Not cool Bro." when I see it.
Just drove by the track. So pumped for race weekend!
Movie recommendation is Robin Wright in "The Princess Bride"
My dad has been watching all my twilight movies over and over and over....
#Broncos presser to introduce Peyton #Manning tentatively set for 1pm MT. #850KOA will carry the press conference live.
Thanks for coming to see me! Good seeing you!
We're very pleased to announce the following five customers as recipients of our three awards:
yes :P or Enzoni
what a snob!
That's so wrong and they don't even taste good if you call it a "GYRO"
#Artfact- When Pablo Picasso was born his midwife thought at first that he was still born.
Love the live dj in gen x session .
yea go to bed thats molded
"Publishers love authors" (in the same way that kings love serfs?)
Headed to Philly home of Meek Milly
This is your reminder to NOT click links that look like spam. Well unless you REALLY like visiting Credo. Can't blame too much there ;) ^jl
You win some, you lose some, and some get rained out, but you gotta suit up for them all. J. Askenberg
is mad at me .__.
I'm still around. Just knee-deep in edits. I hope to celebrate my book being done by sleeping in. Maybe just getting some sleep might do it.
Off to the gym ... it's workout time! :)
u sorta look like the girl except ur prettier <3 x
I'm not a fucking role model
hope it gets better. can your friends and/or family help?
I love cameras. Fascinated by some of the designs from the 50s-70s. I love vintage & analog stuff!
Thx for the mention Rozy. You rock! :)
Learn about the Nati Riots, youtube/ Nati Riots
hahaha it's so befitting
You rappers cut hair? Cause that's the only way you fade me -
I feel the same.....being famous is like a tug a war and it seems, for women, like it's always looks first, then brains. Go Ashley!!
Ex Libris extends my Oracle table space and Voyager catalogers can save bib records again. I appreciate the lightning-fast support help.
Or, even better, "Let's deconstruct that pivot and unpack the underlying lean paradigms."
Time for red velvet cake and fat pants.
I've grown sick and tired of the fakest faces telling me to smile.
My "Metro Mambo" series moves to DC's Smithsonian African Art Museum on 5/19, w/ Dr. Leopoldo Tablante of Loyola & Bio Ritmo!
I wish there was a Bubonic Plague for QR codes
How can Bergkamp not make the best Prem League team? He was the best single Prem League player. Stupid.
my face is okay how's yours?
u got it !
Home Bank is a proud sponsor of Heels 2 Heal Charity charity event on October 1st, supporting Angels Foster Network!!!
Tim Jennings from Forsythe County, NC speaking on 100% pre-adoption s/n at municipal shelter. S/N is one thing we can control.
Maybe but I doubt Donald Trump has many bad days. :)
I DEVOURED mine! I want more.
I love how Obama spoke out about supporting marriage equality. It's great knowing we have a president that isn't narrow minded!
Had a long day! But enjoyed every minute of it.
Give us the teachings of His Majesty We don't want no idol ideology
Im in love with your new song...<3 True Mahomie!(; I love you! #SaySomethin <3(:Marry me?<3
uknown call..haha like i will answer that shit
Or you could come in and help your favorite EP get some snow coverage on the air
So excited to have you in Chicago next week!
thanks! and at least it was only eric's d-string this time...
Tell it like a lie, live it like a movie.
Plain » Microsoft Office System Plain &amp; Simple — 2003 Edition (Bpg ...
u should be.lol
Feeling prtty good rite now lol
If you need inspiration for performing your poem, spend 20 minutes watching performance poems on youtube!
It's totally different! It has a girl Watson. :P
Shhhh! We're trying to learn!!!
If James harden shaves his beard he could probably sign with another team as a completely new player
I think me and Mx might do a live U stream what do you'll think
oh, cool! (: I wish I lived there
A nigga need some grape juice....
We are definitely still doing the edu-diversity thing. No time to scour the Edublog awards, but I did start
Idk Who That Is...But I'm Guessin' Its Not A Good Thing?
You, too!! xoxo
me2 and I have school 2morrow #
Kleptocrats Launching Spring Offensive - American Free Press
Now I have a zit... what is this world coming to?
Can't wait till Wed, Thurs, Fri. Gotta dress formal . Skirts aha Im so girly
If God hates gay people, then why did he put the prostate where it can be touched?
May your Facebook friends be friendly May your followers be sweet May you celebrate o'er soup or nog, (And not just tweet, tweet, tweet.)
Some people have no shame....... ._.
I'm like a ghost, I'm invisible but someday you will notice me and realise what I am!:)
Did you splurge and get the "everything" pack?
Have to do laundry later.. :(
I know what you mean friend lol
Are you serious?!
Happy #FollowFriday . Here's to #DoGood tweeting!
- awesome... Now we can see Ali's version of "Does it Blend" video series... :-))
Friday workout b4 the real grind Monday >>>>>
no you wont scrub
reading 'In The Shadow of No Towers' for the first time and instantly though of read it?
"Clutter" may be a bit of an understatement. Big-time downsizing happening starting tomorrow!
Yep! Looking forward to talking further.
Hoe's Go Home And Stare At Girl's Picture's They Hate. :)
South Africa, cool. Just looked at your Facebook, I'll check further later. Two guys sitting on the bench, one of them you?
TODAYS MY 22ND BDAY i would love to "Get My Life" By getting a shout out from yu! :)
Off to for a coke, and then to for open mic night! Nothing like living in the #ROC #SouthWedge style.
Pics or it didn't happen.
hahah<3 I was just waiting to watch it cause i couldn't stand the thought of never watching it again ): & ...
Hm what should I do today? Oh wait, take daughter to school, then head to with my brother! I love vacation week!!!!!
Happy Valentines Day Tweetie Pies<U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022><U+E022>
when?! natalie is coming the last week of june, you should come then!
please it would mean so much :)
It's nice to get back here to a golf course where you can think your way around. It makes you concentrate out there all day long - Rod Pampl
What time will the XBox winner be announced tomorrow?
don't think there is one at all this week, still coming off the All Star Break
watching the T.O Show
The hottest College parties just got even hotter with our NEW Thurs night destination. Stay tuned..
Thanks so much !!
I so had sushi for dinner, OMG!! Im in heaven! ^_^
There have really been some great concerts this year! Bands on the road get to meet awesome people!
Congrats to Condola Rashad for nom for her performance in produced play
if it gives head rush it seems contradictory to calming and relaxing
They should have done Zilker, or another venue with curated grass. Dust/dirt never mixes well with food & wine
thank you :)
Good morning ! I hope you have a wonderful and safe day. :)
...was my own mother i'd still fuck her with no rubber and cum inside her and have a son and a new brother at the same time and just say
depending on who she is, I'll let u know if u can read for the part :)
I'm not familiar. Ha! RT: : bg can you play new single "ex old man?" If so, play it 6 times in a row please. #
Texas is cool. So much to do in Austin.
What mask? That's from when i used to party with wookies.
“: You guys think Aaron will play next week?” maybe not the whole game but he will play I believe
We welcome Rebecca, Linda, & Janice from Macy's Century I Salon to our team!
:) I'll see you at your Practical Paleo workshop at Crossfit Oregon City w/! Looking forward to it!
Don't overlook the impact and benefit of small sacrifices when you're trying to reach a goal.
WARM day in L.A. today. Did some shopping at Target, found LUCY DVD, sea 1 and 2 for $15.00 total. I never tire of that classic show.
Ive had Eminems 'Without Me' stuck in my head for 2 days. Help!
#3WordsForYou Wrong Foot Forward
crying right now omg :')<3
Today we passed 99,500 visitors since our 2008 opening. We look forward to celebrating our 100,00th visitor, who'll get a special prize!
I'm looking for a picture for you. I'll see what I can do!
Upon release, Liberty Telegraph will be looking for writers, bloggers, photographers, media & film people +...Follow us, be on the look out!
highschool, I guess HA!
GREATNESS has it's SOURCE in the LITTLE! The LOW is the FOUNDATION of the HIGH! ;-)
On la talk radio now!!!!!
Thanks for the mention! RT: The "This I Believe" series has a great one on Motherhood. Perfect for Mother's Day....
if i make zayn my icon, will he DM me for sex? ;)
Dear - ZERO thumbnails are showing up on all my streams. Weird...
Back in the garage...
ONE BIG SCHOOL. FULL OF DUMB BITCHES. LOL
U better not be telling the pit ur falling in love with can't handle those types of stories in "the pit"
Heading over to Green Doors to meet with their Senior Community Manager to discuss collaboration & housing options for Lawrence and Kim.
Caught up listening to the #LexingtonPoliceScanner lol. They are partying in Lexington after that win
Should have packed my bags fo' that guilt trip
- too bad age discrimination is alive and well and laws against it are not enforced.
Does the Caribbean Studies Association conference in Guadeloupe in May 2012 have a hash tag yet?
Really was hoping to see Chuck Brown at the Merriweather Pavillion this year. Now I have the icky feeling of not having said goodbye.
Reed/Lewis: Still Drooling... RT Brian St. Pierre also led my high school...to a Div. 1 championship in 1997.
why you say that?
I just got my friend Janice Cantore's new book in the mail - ACCUSED from Tyndale House. Woo-hooo!!
Love my new phone but have no clue what my number is...
This is just adorable :P
My sister is such a fuck up
I can't, I have to repair some artificially grass
Off work maxing dis pick n save chicken
okay!!!! Haha that wld b amazing! Lol u gotta meet him and tell him about me haha;)
Putting fininshing touches on my outfit for the Sharon Needles Show on Friday!!
": On my way same place? Text me Address RT : The West!" Montana ave 5838 Between Clark & Storer...
So, when I asked, "Are you a Cancer?" did you add in your head "... to society" ?
84 days 'til London Olympics Opening Ceremony.For security- London plans to place missiles around city for 1st time since WWII.
yaz-client -- nice utility. Reminds me of the poster of Yaz on my wall; 3,000 hits 400 home runs.
hopefully...This weirdo gets her tatt today and stop procrastinating geez
good job! I thought u was gone fail and b a drop out.....j/p
Angry much?
Love giving website advice to & while at
RT "I am thankful to all those who said NO to me. It's because of them I did it myself."
SEO of your Twitter stream?
tough pitcher to see on your first day up
WhEn YoU TrUsT SoMeOnE TrUsT HiM PeRFecTLy In The EnD , YoU WiLL Get TwO ReSuLts,EiThEr a LeSsOn For LiFeLoNg Or PeRsOn FoR LiFeLoNg !!
FUCK ANDROID PHONES & THEIR CHAFA ASS BATTERY LIFE.
#BOYFRIENDReview haters are in shock
Watching #GhostHuntersInternational on #Netflix and making dinner. #Relaxing night
is done.
I love you ALL! Thanks for the venue!
From the CEO: Did he just refer to me as "the help"?
he's a pussy
This summer is gonna be a fucking blast.
happy holidays to you and your whole family.
since my name is salina i will be mexican today.
International food buffet day at work. Delish.
fuck my pussy and pound my ass with ur huge cock
#tradhome thank you Stacy! Hope HP was fun - can't wait to see what was #hpmkt via the blogs
I think I watched the whole season in one day over the holidays!
I'm coming through CHI on july 6th - 8th. If you and emily are gonna be in town we should meet up again.
Question: Is it odd tweeting to zero followers? Answer: No. Tweet therapy rocks.
#RyanBraun wins appeal
The Truth is feeling it ! Go Pierce and keep it up Celtics
That little heart attack you have were your lost at a store&you cant find your parents so you walk all around the store lookin for them
Watching DRose come back to life. Love it.
International Conference on Earth Science & Climate Change: Avail the very few speaker opportunities available, submit your abstracts onlin…
followed ;D
Blue Ivy is a Doll Baby!! :)
I don't want to drop out... but... school sucks
I know! She's so funny!! I don't know what was better, her use of props or her changing the words?
But I believe in you so much, i could die from the words that you say.
What comes before Part-B?
what time of year is that....?
Say it ain't so, #JoePa !
how is Pujols doing this year? Oh wait....
I'm starting to realize what the old saying mwanza.
Damnit Jeff carter
Who knows, maybe college basketball will be king in the state of Florida as opposed to college football!
big meeting tomorrow!!! hope this helps
Alright :) RT : Sleep tight Courtney ^_^ RT : goodnight babe :)
Watching Scary Videos With My Aunt And Whyy isnt He Talking To You???
the ribeye sandwich from is pretty good...
Haven't been on in so long...
Hope my 2nd block teacher is absent again :-)
The showgirls are pretty awk too, but my retinas are still scarred from the scrotum slingshot & musical bunghole...
i got a website for sale .. anyone tryna build it up and make money . let me know
#FirstRead: GEORGE WALKER: “Lyric for Strings” (Original Version)
updating courses for WiMAX Certified Training!
Thanks, Franklin! You coming to Photography or Pasta this wkend? RT : Awesome new web site, by the way!
I'd rather have him than Brian Cardinal. Did your seat shake when Iggy posterized him?
All the way up to EnergySavvy? Bad ass.
My #eye lashes are looking>>> Latisse<<< fabulous already! Only day 5 and I can see a difference in length and curl...Wahoo
My cousin became infected w/ flesh eating bacteria and nearly died. It took years, but he fully recovered. I hope Aimee does, too.
At Ford's Theatre with to celebrate Lincoln's birthday (kinda morbid??). Fun talks and scavenger hunt planned!
I think you're made out of pure beauty and love and sexy stuffs
There is a very real chance the #lakers don't score all night
Im Ready For Whatever Tomorrow Brings .
Time to sing outloud n #practicemakesperfect geysons song on piano Woo Hoo!
bang bang bangbang
like yourself! ;)
When you write up the American Cup please acknowledge Gabby. NBC hasn't talked about her at all and she's really the one winning!
Omg he put his tongue in her mouth that's disgusting ew ew e we e ee ew e w this movie is so gross djkdffb
Jamie’s advice to Jessica
God does not require a lot, He just wants you to work what you got.
. , very frustrated with ordering furniture from u, your customer service reps should be more responsible & make less errors
Only in southlake you would find a cow walking the side of the road :P
The Cultural Center of Charlotte County is your local nonprofit organization, serving our community since 1961, with fun happenings for...
“: RT!! “: people always wanna be loved but never show none back..””sis its real lol
"When they invent the transporter on Star Trek, then the Internet will be a real threat"
thanks for the icon. LLN yes i stole it.
RT : New on ACRL Insider. 2012 ACRL Professional Development Program Proposals: ACRL invites proposal submissions for......
One of the other moms at my daughter's school just rolled up jamming to Will Smith's Summertime.
Wow what a game plan Chicago run run run back to the #Bears of old, You can pretty much chalk this season up as a fail!! NFL Sunday
On our way to NE 148 & fremont to show the scene of the shooting from the air on
The occupants of black honda wore Timber gear. The FATAL Hit and Run was the evening of March 31st on burnside.
Today's been soon busy
EEP! Coldplays #Preforming !! :D Jealous of all those people at the Staple Center! haha
New Study Shows US Government Fails to Oversee Treatment of Foster Children ... - ABC News
Senior Night
Two more hours left in class...I have the attention span of a goldfish!
Your credit score is" YOU"
Good win !
is out to eat & "This is how we do it" just came on the radio. Hilarious and awesome! LOL
In Target <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Like c'monnnn, wear off already! I wanna eat! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
but goodshit with the pitching! how long did u last?
god afternoon ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls
Everytime I see "Explain." on a test, a part of me dies..
we have a free trial for 15 days .. yogatailor.com RT : I wanna join a yoga class ! A FREE one !
don't mention me wit dat bulshit tf wrong wit you
seriously!! I wasn't sure if I'd make it out alive! It was soo hot and stuffy..bleh
I should really treat my Manfrotto to a better case, is the lesson here. ;)
what's wrong Anthony? ;c
OH: they're like big, big humpy buttcheeks.
Launch in 7 days
It<U+FFFD>s easy to feel that giving discipline is a form of punishment to a #dog <U+FFFD> it<U+FFFD>s what makes them feel safe and nurtured
Peace be with you friends. I am skipping out on social media for a while. Call me if you want to do something really real.
haha I keep up on my home boy lol
Many people are frustrated with the absence of intervention in Syria - Dr. Asli Bali
i actually have a lot of things to do this weekend.
I just saw the movie the Artist... It was very good. If fact, quiet possibly the best movie I've see all year, and very... quiet...
just saw that you're a Cybils judge! Congrats and have fun!
If u have violent urges 2 attack those without personality then chill &
the buried lede in this piece is the fact that the WSJ ed board thinks romney should ease up. that's kind of remarkable
A first for me...just had my teeth polished with a chocolate Polish. Yum! Thx
WOAH! RT Lakewood wins an AMAZING fifth set 25-23 and takes the match. Wow! This is a must see video highlight.
Thanks for joining us for the panel discussion last night!
A unique pitch: Good job Andy! RT : Standing outside Havana cathedral getting hit up for City Year Miami funding by
Joy is Like the Rain..It f.alls freely from the sky touching down here and there. - Michael Barrett
Let's get started on offense we need Rio and Miller to sink some #heat beat indy
Refer party 4/20???? my crib???
I lick my nephew to piss him off
the game is to be changed not to be played.
BTW your pick on M Williams is pretty spot on :). Won't get ROY bit had an excellent year for a rookie.
same to you!
` juss finished cleaning up every room but the kitchen, then after that it`ll be time to cook dinner
Just exposed an entire breast to some hikers in the Palisades. Thanks to for looking out. I wouldn't have noticed.
Hey, have you done any work with Canana Films out there?
Successful day at work and getting in 2 hard workouts- not bad
chocolate peanut butter? i'm so there. i nearly took out some people trying to win a reese's cup at a staff meeting yesterday!
yeah if you're a sorority slut or frat kid
me cuz im bored
Connecting common core standards to curriculum, hope they don't change it again before school begins. #edchat #engchat #
Who is John Galt?
Hope today goes well..
r u doing lent? Sacrificing something for God:)
“: <everyone should have a Latin lover...Dale!!!”> As long as they back it up like a Tonka truck!
Had a wonderful time at my first seder. Happy Pesach!
Agenda: housecleaning, photo shoot, and eventually studying. I have a busy day ahead of me.
Enjoying lunch with and at
Thx for following! We hep finance co's that are premature for banks. We are looking forward to connecting & reading ur tweets.
Made it to the Neptune show tonight. I love winning tickets.
"I mean, they're two drunks trying to take care of each other- it's ridiculous."
At Home: You are beautiful. --- At School: GOD DAMN. YOU'RE UGLY. :/....... story of my fuckin life.....
Tanning! im so whitee
Doing great job tracking weather. Feels like I am in my home state instead of Indiana. Stay safe.
As a zerg player, I approve
Punk'd tonight.
I just hate when someone abuses their timeline. I know that sometimes you have something to promote but 100's of tweets in one day, NO!
RT : RT : Decide that you want it more than you are afraid of it. ~Bill Cosby (via )
may games will stop when we sail FYI lol
Tune into @ KUTaustin 90.5 now to hear client Sharon Marriquín disc
Sammi from PB is at the AMA Madison's seminar about marketing on the cheap. Request to follow her on if you're interested.
-change of plans goin to the CLUB
What's your costume?
Whoohoo. Dad will be coherent-ish today RT : I don't know what you suckers did last night but I slept six hours straight. Six!!!
Hooray! It's Thursday again! Story Hour with Miss Kathy, today at 4:15!
Sorry Ken, but i cannot open this page...don't know why
Awesome discussions of evangelizing #ux efforts w/ fellow uxers meeting tonight! #upa2012 Thank u for all the great questions!
Boy meets World
I mean, if you insist...
Not bad... I have lost 7 pounds this week...
Happy Father's Day weekend to all fathers!!! Have a great weekend!!!
can't get bra off.
#NP Can't Knock the Hustle - Jay-Z
RT : You should see the buses! They're immaculate. : Anyone else see how clean the major roads in #Indy are?
hey! What's up
watching last night's Grey's in bed. Feels like a Friday in the Alpha Chi house :)
Ha! RT : The first five days after the weekend are always the toughest.
no it's just sore...and my sister we think fractured her finger
Thanks for following us Francoise!
is going to suprise his wife on X-Mas with new boxers that sayTickle-My-Elmo
Obama just can't please anybody because everyone hates compromise. It's like Rutherford B. Hayes all over again.
Niggas Is Clowns... Still Chasing Pussy
Rainy day in Austin .....we might stay closed.....
good morning (yawn) where's my breakfast in bed?
nice! Thanks for the tip!
Way to go HAWKS! You've made us proud!!
If Internet marketing geniuses are so smart, why don't they try to sell something other than their ideas?
xmas music!! #andywilliams #josefeliciano and #burlives in a UFC xmas tune smackdown on radios everywhere!
We offer multi day camping trips in the USA! special offer Buy One and bring a friend for FREE! offer ends March 25
Nothing like wine night on a Monday with the roomie! #not sorry
Wednesday is looking okay for me. Where are you thinking?
seems like that date is tough on everybody - will set up a doodle poll
Remember that we are not human beings having a spiritual experience, we are spiritual beings having a human experience. Schizl
Classy. With an attitude like that - she'll go far!!! :)
I finally attended an #ArtsTech meetup after following from Austin for years. Learned that and I had the same computer in 1994.
Trouble sleeping? Get at least 10 mins of #sunshine daily to help wake/sleep cycle. Very important if you spend all day in a cubicle.
From Paris to Peoria, we all eat only one variety of banana, and it's vulnerable to a fungus that seems impossible to safely control.
cant say any names on here wanna game?
putting this baby to bed - more tomorrow....
goodnight Jordan!
How about how i wwas using you in the beginning !! Shit just happend ROTFL
Nah, i like kathy the best
Casting my vote for booking in Dec. Awesome author from Richmond, VA!!
Fun Fact Friday: Keep kids from running in grass or bushes in tick high risk areas. Check your child's body every day for tick bites.
So... is singing me to sleep.
Im hanging at the Mbar tonight a lil chill time will be nice!!
#BestTVShowEver would be either #SATC , The Twilight Zone, The Simphsons, or The Kind of Queens either one of those !*)
i'm following u now shawn and already following chris plz follow bk
RT : Great presentation on integrated branding from Jeffrey Morgan
very soon! just ordered the very first shirts today for our Living Dangerous photoshoot :)
So some how it was snowing this morning when I woke up and I didn't see it!! #wwwhhhaaattt?!?!?
brightened up Rhinebeck reading from her memoir "The Anti-Romantic Child" Always lovely to see & hear her.
I saw an author who stole coffee everyday, that wasn't theirs from Starbucks. You obviously know how important coffee is at conf!
What's good bro! Send those bangers over to . Already!
company meeting regarding the next #dareproject last night. Details to be announced soon. Exciting!
thanks so much Carolyn.
Oh no! Spring break soon...really hope i dont miss the height of the blooms! RT : Cherryblossoms in Washington!! Love it
:) You're wonderful. I am LOVING the new jewelry! And the SUCCESS that you have? AMAZING! Keep it up! It is truly deserved.
Wilkerson's book is special & for all the raves it garnered probably not sufficiently praised. Glad she'll be here.
feel you. I have 8am dr appt. On my way too.
Not everyone you love is going to love you back. That`s why it`s important to love yourself more than anything.
im legitimately crying of laughter, oh my god that was the funniest thing i have ever seen
sup buddy
how do I get one of these for my home tap? Unlimited promotions in Waunakee!!!
DONT CALL ME STUPiD Because yo` room right next to mine so i can still smack the BLACK off of you bussert
It's like Jordan's quote: I've missed more than 9000 shots, 300 games ...I've failed over and over again. And that is why I succeed.
that is epic
I dont think I can do this anymore.I have to be honest.
A person's name is the sweetest and most important sound in any language... To that person...
If a girl can put up with you through your worst days, and still stick with you and your mistakes, then you shouldn't let her go
haha dude besides getting bitched at the whole time. Peabody is pretty cool.
Rookie of the Year is on HBO. This is an instant watch for anyone born in the 80's.
"To win the game is great. To play the game is greater. But to love the game is the greatest of all."
JUST ANNOUNCED! RUSH tix for all 8 MEMPHIS performances, April 3-8! Up to 2 hrs prior buy $20 tix (limit 4/person, cash, at the box office)
Just drove into New York state, show tonight in Ilion, NY... Should be a good night for slaying
Thank you
**2 weeks ago
Whoah. Portal 2 is $6.79 right now. My purchase procrastination is always richly rewarded. :) (Tonight's plan: play Portal 2.)
"... I practice safe tweeting, apparently ..." [from Jeremy Piven's appearance on Jimmy Kimmel last night. great backstory.] ()
Thanks! It went well. Interested audience, lotsa good questions. Plus popcorn from !
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
Aside from my usually poor stock picks, just glad I'm long $goog, and wish I was long $stwit...
because im bored but only for 30 minutes though .. i need something to do until my show comes on
bank of america got the most beautiful lookin women that work there # yo i dont know ur name but excuse me miss
I know I shd be partying for my b day but I rather do music
Have your feet touched the ground yet? Have a great day.
ii was gonna take a pic of it but the lady said no.:(
my grandma doesn't know where put her glasses and her phone ;o
Thanks to you and Tedy for answering my question in the podcast!
Comedian on David Letterman tonight was very funny!
#SCTop10 UGA's Dustin Ware's no look left handed dish.
sup let's work
#Broncos second 4th rd pick ( #108 overall) is C Philip Blake, Baylor
M. IPA is the perfect Sunday football session beer.
Agreed. WTF people.
remember when drake used to be in a wheel chair? man, he's come far.
follow me <3 i loved how you played the boy from district 3 in the hunger games
If you don't use "TV Companion" while watching games at home, you're missing out. The live stats are fantastic
RT ask her directly whether she had any knowledge of the fraud she's discussed today while she was chief of staff
Taxes, check. DMV, check. Dentist, check. Yearly, check. Day from hell = not so bad. Finding health ins should be a cakewalk, right?
No Dutch ovens!!
and one of my other favorite guys Dahvie :) he's a singer
keep bringing new people keep it fresh haha
Why said Bill Bill who like that I LOve that part!!! LMAOO man I Love this Movie #LotteryTicket Btw June12th
damn you
Today is my daughter's birthday, Yazmin. Is easy to see how time fly. Just 16th, she was just a baby yesterday. Happy Birthday my Princess.
Thank Dan for all of us. This article is a must read for those confused about how this tactic is most commonly deployed.
Pregnant woman and her two year old son side-swiped by a city truck. Had to be cut from their car. Story at 5:30 on
Self-treating with Tweet Therapy is working. Since I started, I haven’t hijacked any elevators, molested any fireplugs, or OD'd on chocolate
Correction - The new bacon-beer-cheese dip for pretzels WOULD be great for #bacontweetup! =)
HOT! But that freaky dummy in the background made me soft...
I dislike the taste of water .... even the "good shit"
dont make me bring out the Torture Roll..
Who knows.....you might have a part for a short, Scottish guy at some point! ;-)
It just scares me to think there are people like this in the USA....especially in leadership positions.
Who's ready for the #holidays ?
This is ugly....I mean, UGLY. Pacers are not letting up at all.
So I'm ready for the #SoListen music video!! When is it going to come out?? It's going to be AMAZING!! <3
www.youtube.com/watch?v=QnqIaRn12GU NinjaPidge with me on the Red Carpet at HollyShorts Film Festival. Please RT!
Got a gig tonight at 10PM ! Looking forward to rocking out!
And lastly, I will say this in his defense: those prep schools are toxic places socially. Romney was a creature of his era.
which stores out there??
hehe, I like when tweets me!
wheres the bacon?
Sometimes, Ozzie speaks for us all. RT : get here already been to long. get here comcast wow
Looks like the entire middle east is falling apart!!
Black swans need to chill
I could chase you if you want? That tends to give folks some get-up-and-go.
Did you drop from heaven .. because uhm. I forgot the joke ... Help me?
In desperate need of a cut ride!
congrats, what are you doing that's working so well?
8PM:Cal Tjader+Jazz Soul Seven+George Duke+Oscar Castro-Neves sings & plays on his b-day+mre.Jazz88 FM
What do you think is the most popular coffee?
<<---Deleting for scrolling my screen. Not cool.
<U+2605> <U+2605> We can help you with one small detail for your upcoming event......or we can help plan the whole thing! <U+2605> <U+2605>
Now following back RT : " follows you"
Seek not happiness too greedily, and be not fearful of happiness. Lao-tzu
Just completed a company improv workshop with PJ from and had a ridiculous time! Thanks man!
Go #Dodgers! Keep up the great play!
Ok, way overpowering feeling of déjà vu! That was creepy!
": “: can't pronounce that shit lol” lmao cause you lame"no cuz I'm American lol
Getting ready to see #BlueManGroup!!
jazz is a four letter word
You can access the paid-up equity you accumulate in your home in the form of a home equity loan or a home equity line of credit.
OH: You just put something in my box!
I miss my ex. If only she still gave a damn about me. SMDH
that aint nothin till u come to my crib
I'm going to miss desperate housewives /:
Go follow for all election information!!!!
i love you both<3
Do library catalogers not self-identify as 'coders'? That strikes me as a problem.
Congress does the unthinkable....something right! House passes #JOBSAct 390-23. Congrats to all who worked on this.
"O Lord Jesus"Rom. 10:9; 12b-13" &rich to all who call upon Him; For whoever calls upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.”
you can't rap...no matter how hard you try
RT : BREAKING: Authorities say they plan to file charges against band members accused in hazing death of #FAMU drum major. <Good!
Love that Bob Knight is wearing a short sleeve shirt and everyone else is in a suit.
#nofear I'm going for it all.
my pleasure:)
Business mostly. lots of excel and word. always internet.
RT If u love something let it go...if it doesn't come back, hunt it down and kill it
Going to the greenwood mall:)
Thank you #Capitals!!!!!!
will be relieved to hear this!
does he have twitter?
You must be right behind us! We are just passing through Houck...
Got the drcast LED 4 video n still, now sound
club bed with dj Robyn playing nothing but the Z!!!!
BAD call. Poor
Use it! #CCinKC ": Back in KC this weekend for: Easter, Royals opener, game. Will be part of #CCinKC "
I will not brook such insults from the fourth estate! Fisticuffs at daybreak in the Pit of Passion!
Happy New Year from the DALN! We finish 2011 with 2842 archived narratives about reading/writing/composing. Here's to reaching 3000 in 2012!
Thank you! Feel free to send any fun events/deals/companies to blog about to !
yes, I know. Lol
the difference between statistics & data science may be the same difference found between statistical literacy & data literacy
NYCParks if providing free sleds today at Prospect Park and others on account of the blizzard
Missed having your wisdom & wit in last night's #BA75chat. Hope your weekend is a good one.
I know a history faculty at U Tennessee who lives in Abq. Lots of flying.
latest iPad app crashes immediately on opening!
Missing the 2012 National Convention in NY and all of the wonderful museum ed sessions :(
900- 80's hip hop vinyl, original break beats, funk, 70-80's rock, sound effects record collection for sale! FOR SALE! DM for info.
watching The Notebook (: How about youu?
If #OWS goes nuclear WWII is not far behind. The death of the dollar is only going to happen if you buy in to NWO new world order!
": High heels were invented by a woman who had been kissed on the forehead. ~Christopher Morley #quote"
Tweetcaster is crashing every other time I open it now. Not sure what the problem is. Can anyone recommend a replacement?
Whenever you need, just know ill be there shortly. I don't care what your friends say cause they don't know me. :D
Milwaukee. The city where argyle found a stronghold.
#isitjustme or does anyone else in this world feel like throwing up from being so excited for My World 2.0 ? i cant breathe, i cant breathe
I am Cm Buckeroni
u always get back to wrk duing a pay period when u tryna buy some shit!
California? That is far:/ but You def have a great chance of meeting BTR, :)
#verizonfios sucks. thanks for constantly stopping during my ondemand movie that we spent good money on.. thanks. <<<
Thanks for the shout out Robert!
hello! I'm fine thankyou, wby?:D x
Ladies, make sure you get straight to the point and ask for the sale!
": #ItSeemsLike you don't even care anymore, and here I am missing you like crazy."
Just got my ass kicked in ping pong
Dear males of WNY, I know it's nice out but STOP WEARING JORTS. NEVER WEAR JORTS.
ive been good hun Nd u how is life treating you
Talk about being on a roll! RT : great game! Can't wait for Saturday!
“: MUST BE A LAKERS FAN LMAO” << u muhfuckin right
happy birthday! Follow?
hooray!! You should just head up here tmw since you're all ready...?
U was so good on CBS This Morning. NYC rocks!!!
Thanks to my assistant for cleaning my office. Hold all my calls.
Hey businesses and fans of small businesses - who are you voting for this upcoming Presidential election? Let us know!
Doing the 20 day Instagram challenge! :D
I have some new website glam-banners in the works. Hopefully should be up this weekend.
That looks bomb!
bored out off myy mind
Happy birthday to WHIRL Magazine, celebrating 10 years!
I have an addiction to pretty dresses...
Who said: “The strongest bond of human sympathy, outside of family, should be one uniting working people of all nations and tongues."
Hi there! Are you performing at the Hoot Fest?
I apologize if that was inappropriate. I'm still learning Twitter etiquette, actually. Thanks for the heads up!
RT : Don't be mad because I don't care anymore. Be mad because I once did, and you were too blind to see..."
Oh how much I love Your songs always seem to make me smile! I really can't wait to hear your 2012 songs. Best Wishes! <3
lmao ok then!
But Desta is your boyfriend remember?
damn you got swag;)
Cuddling > work
is that apple sized?
no way..I think my dogs need 100 items themselves lol
: Get table-top Ms. Pac-man and we can talk. We just got Joust, bitches!
i can't make it tonight....but i plan to be there next monday!
undeniable comes out tomorrow!
Missing someone is easy bt forgetting them is hard.
It's taking everything in me to just not brake down right now.
info dot com for music sharing or for more info -- thanks for interest
Morning everyone!
I don't want to either ):
oh yeah tasty ramen! Did you get Samurai Noodle while you were in SEA?
#IWillAlwaysLove you the most, but don't tell my other followers, ok?
He's always about 7. Pisses me off!! He's so hard to deal with.
Men have cup sizes?
o ight then your welcome listen we all have our bad days bro just keep looking straight for a better future or better day
#Today in 1827 Ludwig Van Beethoven dies in Vienna. Deaf for the later part of his life, he said on his death bed "I shall hear in heaven."
Thanks for the #FF love!
I still rock your number 1. Sure could use your outside shot this year, haha. I bleed orange. Best of luck in New York
just sent a complete update out. Let me know if you have any other question. I'll keep you updated.
One hour and thirty minutes of class left. Ever.
will you puh-leeeaaase come to Fort Wayne? Haven't seen u since Iowa City gig nearly 10 years ago.
Get off the couch and go vote!
I would love to see Google+ succeed and hope pages help brands be more strategic with their marketing. What do you think?
In other news, here's a headline: "Lada Gaga's Breasts Shoot Fireworks". God, I love 2009.
HA so true!
No. I do not want a $500 gift card to whatever store...I mean I do. But I don't. It's not the point! STOP spamin' me mang...
Going to for lunch today..What's the best choice?
KOBE JUST BANGED ON OKAFOR!! WOWWW!!! HE STILL GOT BOUNCE
Hi. Come and be on my linked in
it was a terrible nite sis
The first rule of focus is this: Wherever you are, be there. -Unknown Author
Used at home depot in Watertown ma. That was easy. No wallet, no problem.
First session: Stephen Abram. I anticipate bluff and bluster, but brilliance.
When you're driving to #cwcon, it's better to bring too many musical instruments as opposed to too few, right?
Great weekend with the fam at keeneland and celebrating my ladys 21st Now back to the study grind
Ugh! Oil changes suck. Now I smell like a slick....
I wonder what the Clemson coach is screaming at his players right now.
New one bedroom available in Astoria call today 917 7219181
I wish! I need her to come stay at my house for a week LOL
DIE, ANTS! DIE!! <maniacal laughter> (we just set out a bunch of ant poison)
right Chris who is Nataliyah's #TeddyBear :))
January is National Hobby Month! What is your hobby?
Never heard of your place. Ill visit with the kids this weekend though!!!!!
FLOW - The ability for organizations to achieve objectives without unnecessary roadblocks, hindrances, or bottlenecks. - DM
let's set set set! I do cookies.
i cant live without u justin
congrats on Big Words. Looks interesting.
What do you call a stripper who can't dance?... a hooker!
Follow for more information on the 2012 season
I'm still in bed. awesome or super awesome?
Ditto on that! Me too!! : I need to take a trip to ATX to visit my longhorn family..
So, gotta work out at 6:30 a.m. tomorrow... Should I stick it out in hope for a 15-point Laker comeback or go to bed?
I wanna die rite now than living on this hell hole of a world
Rehearsing for our show tomorrow! Ay ya yai!
Cant believe the seasons over !! I love you girls .. !!
A rat can last longer without water than a camel.
Stop by booth #909 at #NSBAConf today & find out more info on #MyLivePD online coaching!
Dodge VAE49M #rottentomato Shall we be surprised so many assholes in #NJ run STOP signs?
Karaoke now every Wed & Thu @ the Early Dawn Bar Great Karaoke Bar On 1000 Kanses ave,Modesto,Ca
I just watched at least 7 episodes of #MDK and I may now be a lesbian and/or aspiring chef. But I know I'm definitely a drunk.
There's enough gas in here that chesapeake wants us to sign a lease. is the main culprit.
Dear NYC , get your under fucking control
Do u think he would like it though ?
Adidas shoe description : "mixing Rebel Alliance imagery with the colors of the Jamaican bobsled team" ... What?
#poplyfe is beast they play all da songs I like
That shot looks like my daily shot, but I can't straighten mine out. Go Bubba.
u aint making no noise u aint making no money any nigga kan make it rain ion no nun bout u hoe!!
M how I love kit kat :)
It is official, I fear you. We'll have to get a group out to a derby sometime!
RT : A3 Absolutely! Others see us from their perspective. The reverse is also true.
Been having fun being social this week, but tonight's the night to hunker down and get organized. These plans aren't gonna make themselves!
Can't sleep
I think the fame from #moneyball got to head. He told me he's going sabotage this season. To get the new stadium in SanJose
Hahaha we r so strange :) hahaha
ya ya i know. played some poker... Tried getting ahold of you
Got mine already! MT : Only 6 tickets remain for our Aug 21Friarhood group. Get ur tickets www.padres.com/promo code: Friarhood
you are welcome!
We are so lucky for such amazing employees- current & past. Thank You!
I do not kmow speedy gonzalez language
Game 1 of the 2011 World Series is only hours away! Who's your pick? I'm going with
LMAOOO STOP RT ": get on my level muahah #untouchable "
did u realize it was 4yrs ago this week when we first met in Billings, MT? Think of how much better your life could have been.
Today was totally stupid. But it's over and I'm going home to munch down on some Totino's pizza stuffers.
MSP did officially hit a record 80 degrees at 3:37pm today.
That's not good at all to be stressed. If you need to talk about anything you know you can always message me on here hun. <3
hyper bundled
In studies conducted mostly in developed countries, 5?10% of men report being sexually abused as children (World Health Organization, 200...
Oh wow sounds pretty intense. Have you ever done it before?
oh yes u will and we will.....thanku...have sweet dreams as well.....
WHY DO YOU HAVE SO MUCH TIME ON YOUR HANDS HAHAHAHAHHA
": BREAKING NEWS: Beastie Boys rapper MCA, Adam Yauch, is dead at age 47." Pauls Boutique is on repeat today . Bummer
And I volunteered to eat ALL the BBQ....
I feel you, but my Ruffalo and RDJ are my whole body boys. And ScarJo, natch.
#SteveJobs StanfordSpeech7: “Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice.” bit.ly/owfEZp
The Orbea Opal rocks! Spent 2 hours on it this morning at Speedzone!
S/O TO > Thanks for followin me, I really appreciate it!
Just got a follow from this stunning beauty------>
play me in draw something! !
Death by PowerPoint. "Too many slides? You have no power and you have no point." good one!
you should read bechdel's new #memoir, a ton of #woolf references!
wouldnt say more "intense" but more "obvious" - telling that takes a radical position to make his point
If I could be in any movie of the past 3 years, it would definitely be A-Team
we need to move this project along. Supposedly another 50plus years to complete.
RT : Yesterday 2 yrs ago, 15th april. I stood and queued at 5am at croke park for xfactor audition!Incredible how time fli ...
How did we ever get over the fact that he changed his name to Metta World Peace. Still greatest/worst part about this shortened season?
Wussup wit it!!!
yes! feel free to include friends. If you can get there a little before hang with friends I can make sure they know what's up!
Man why does he just keep talking
What's up Lauren?
first repeat offender at the #refdesk!
My goldfish #PonyBoy is still alive, everyone.
Gr8! ": Bringing it! Faster and Stronger!
what's your name (:
Did Tracesusa mess up a couple of times? Even the pros aren't always perfect.
I never started it;P ah. hahaha :)
I'm not even there :D just for fun
Edison park comedy fest break a leg joe and coach!
sounds like an offer we can't refuse!
Now I know what yo.u girls go though when you get hit on >_< Got hit on in the bus.. I feel molested xD
Thanks everyone for welcoming me! My first #GenYChat!
Because We Do This!
About to learn a ton about my hometown on the FUEL Milwaukee Past and Present bus tour with local historian, John Gurda, as a tour guide!
So I scratched the crap out of my eye this morning thanks to contacts and now I look like a one-eyed pirate. New trend perhaps?
#StarWarsDay & #Avengers opening? Perhaps too much awesomeness for even the geekiest geek to handle!
aw the sweet easy feeling of finaly that god awful tooth ripped out of my face. it was hidiously painfull. the dentist was pleasant.
Do they have a Pearl Jam room and an Alice in Chains room?
“: Big day! bought a tree from & TimberJim” Thank you!!!
YES PLEASE! :) Thanks. Helpful!
#SDSU vs New Mexico? Aw heck. It's a gorgeous day for a tailgate anyhow! #GoAztecs !!
I cant stand the smell of wet cardboard
Info abt Sugarland's depositions reported by via
is A-M-A-Z-I-N-G ! <3 nighty nigtht
We are still in triple digits here yet I feel a change in the air.
me either
Why is everyone focusing on O "evolving" on Gay marriage and not Flipper "evolving" on damn near everything else?
Granite hauler's whistle sparks memory - Kennebec Journal
ths June make a difference in yr life by joining Latinas Learning 2 Lead prgrm. Submit yr application!
#BU thanks for the love! I hope ya'l come out for #4sqday 4/16
Walking around my house, not knowing what to do.
Floating away
^^ I always think your dancing is amazing so I would have loved it anyway :D
If you've already bought your ticket to Black Nativity, please show your support by "liking" this status!!
Not gonna lie its hard to dislike Stewart he seems like a nice guy but I cant...
Everyone knows when world events happen and someone tweets something about it that u like, you retweet it.
“: Mobile phones get the most standards-compliant browsers ever - webkit browsers. #idea10”
Oh haha nicee(: do you hav any info like where thy're staying or doing ?
p.s. German christmas markets in Berlin are just the fucking bomb. You would LOVE this shit.
what do you need Craig?
Working on amongst other projects.
The fitness guy on morning show has moobs.
happy birthday <3 please come to Vegas soon .. I love you !
exactly! He goes hard in oldie though.
Is there anyway the Gotye cover with can be made available for purchase on iTunes?
that bad?
Happy Birthday Dr Seuss
710KCMO dumped him in KC for Mark Levin. Sure miss listening to Savage.
Hi Megan! We accept cash or credit card at the market. Central checkout so you pay at the end for everything.
On Drop Dead Diva 3 set today as coffee house watress. I'm lovin workin' with everyone.
got a major shout out from Will Allen today at the green energy summit today during keynote, pretty cool
"YOU SHALL NOT PASS!!" - Gandalf OR what my colon is saying to the burrito I ate last night
Playing tonight at Caribou on Walnut in Philly. 9-12 with the always great Mike Kennedy on guitar.
I wish I was in Chicago for Record Store Day... It sounds like you guys killed it this year.
Ok time to go to the bed #GoodNight & kisses to all the people who follow me :D thanks and see ya tomorrow! =)
Now starting quick re-read of THE HEART IS A LONELY HUNTER.
Some days I sit and look back at all the wonderful moments cherished growing up with loved ones and friends.
Why does my condo blg atrium smell like saltfish?
"Donkeyman spits placidly. Smitty laughs. He takes a drink. Donkeyman spits contentedly."- MOON OF THE CARRIBBEES
I am redding up before I head to the North Side today. Will you be there?
bringing my grades up finally
My first full length CD comes out in just under two weeks. #Countrymusic my way! #Garthbrooks meets #theeagles, meets #jasonaldean!! ready??
No action of computation can be instant because that implies it travels through no-time.
“: first show under our belt! Loved it! Can't wait for an exciting semester!” Me too!! :)
You create it all! RT : There are no limitations, only those you place on yourself.
Look forward to reading your post!
WOW - Castle Creek Apts is using text messaging, and mobile payment to give their tenants the option to pay their rent via...
RT : “Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.” - Ralph Waldo Emerson
What are your business hours?
I just hate fighting with her
how's the HR biz today ?
you have jumped up over the line from behind to alongside the "stars" to a TV reporter and sweet person on TV-great job @ BC!
Man, who needs to be in SD to see the debate when you can be following Omar's twitter play-by-play from Beijing?
Actually, it sucked before they left too. Evening Shade was pretty insufferable.
How many games do you think Royals would have won w/ Grienke? Would they be in 1st if THEY added Marcum too?
I just want to fangirl over Siwon! Lol He's my ultimate Bias.
have not been on this in a while
my boyfriend thinks ur hot lol x) hahaha i told him dat ur gorgeous den he wanted to see ur icon ahaha ;D #GorgeousforLife ;)
Check out blog accessing free credit report & questions on who and how you & others can use &correct
hey y'll. I need your help for He needs a dance partner and you two are the go to people ;)
I am HIGHLY upset I have to start everything all over on my ipod -.-
Kevin Garnett is one of my favorite players in the last decade
Your most unhappy customers are your greatest source of learning. – Bill Gates
hey! whats up?!
RT Trying to figure out why name is "Big Meech Plug"
did u know Jose Baez is writing a book? Lol people are already boycotting it and I dont blame them.
omg it was NSD and I didnt have subway /:
Or call it Xmas. Whew! « I do much worse... RT : want to piss someone off? tell them you don't celebrate Christmas.»
looking kinda sexy in new profile pic, my friend ;-p
i am so not a morning person.
Away from LA, I miss my LA lit scene.
sorry man wrote a piece that seemed slanderous and bias.
Hahaha! Now I'm in suspense too! Let me know what you think when it arrives! Haven't played it myself!
#graytness needs to hurry his ass up and get here already!!
And the Award for "Reading into crap, getting into her head &totally friggin making herself upset" goes to Sajiah Chmaitelli! *Applause* UGH
Stevenson on Slashdot: Trying to imagine prod, distrib, consumption events in institution of media as a self-regulating system.
i love your products, but i am incredibly disappointment with your customer service!
Lakers ain't ready, getting killed
ur boy won't down then all this heat talk come out of no where lol me and kelvin knew u was gonna
Thanks Ross. You walk me to skool on the first day?? :*)
what'd you think? Its a Banger, huh?
no sir, but faith in God will help..
To all my fans for the wonderful Christmas cards, amazing gifts, and yummy treats. Thank you so much for the love and support! <3
thank you!! Cc: Bayfield Inn - gorgeous
RT Hey #ULTA, I'm in need of a few
yes she can girl!!
You gotta take chances in life. All anyone could every say is no. But you won't know unless you try! Night
The thought of in a few weeks never having to get up to go to high school again is the best thing ever.
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 8
That sounds nice! Except for the running part.
I AM TOO WELL SOME OF THEM AND BECAUSE YOU'RE A BADASS
Thanks for the add! RAWK!!!
..|.~| G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
I've reached my following limit. Sorry to those that I can not follow back.
Don't feel like answering my phone today
that's no good!
KV Federal Credit Union members rejected a proposed bank conversion and merger with nearby Kennebec Savings Bank, woo hoo!
I will be there!
Tastes like chicken.
Repeat often: "The primary purpose of the visual system is to direct action."
When is awesome Kong making her appearance ??
if you were at colonials (colonel hearts) I would totally be there. mo's is a ways from my house
you're the reason for global warming tbh, justin.
Sebastian I miss you <3
Harris: Sentences should be served, but state must deal w/ problem of prison overcrowding.
black people will make an acronym for anything..
European archaeologist engage with people that might deal with heritage but not have an idea of what the heritage is about
they are not sure though...
Yes i do! RT : “: I got 2k on Cotto! Puerto Rico Stand Up!!!!!” you stay hating on Mayweather b! Lmao
wow yea spam is awesome
lol I know u would, I miss you
Smart Choice Shrimp & Tilapia Provençal: Shrimp and tilapia w/ onions, fresh basil, kalamata olives, & roasted garlic. 460 calories.
No foul on the other end is totally ridiculous.
True. And it's an entire science unto itself that sometimes even grates against common sense.
It is senior skip day why are you here
The weather is amazing today
Yeah, you seem in a bit of a rancor.
Grab lunch/dinner @ Chick-fil-A (3700 E Highlands Ranch Pkwy 25% proceeds benefit the Mission - just say "Denver Rescue Mission"
Bars should be viewed as locations in which to meet my future husband
Rookie from Harvard RT : Lin is a beast...where did this guy come from??? pounced all over 's #lakers lol@
Sometimes just picking up the damn phone and calling somebody is better than anything on the web.
yeah I wanted to see if she was ugly! the ugly girl isn't a girl! Its a real guy! aka tranny lmaoooo he/she buddy
..I Am Absolutely Fascinating!
Lunch at #CrispAndJuicy, now spending afternoon working from in #Cherrydale. I love #Arlington !
UL, just comfirmed that your ship has started taking on water! Better start thinking bout jumping ship!
Aw, thanks! Same! Hence why it's on my bio ... hahaha.
Boise St/TCU should be a great one 2nite - also the perfect excuse to get drunk on a monday night
SO wrong on so many levels. No loyalty, no brains in management.
I think I'd do better on my own, no friends, no fights, just me alone
Make sure to get to Suede Lounge before 10:30pm to take advantage of the $30 wristband for all you can drink all night.
Any work at all that I have to do for English makes me fall asleep. Doesn't matter what it is, I pass right out while doing it
that's what boyfriends are good for :-)
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. 0- Chad Timothy...
Cee Lo always puts on a CRAZY show.
Rise n shine ppl.
Bobby Jindal will be as old as John McCain in 34 years. This guy is going to be around for a while.
WHAT'S IN THE BOX
there has to be a way.
Stop in for lunch! Today enjoy our delicious nachos for half price all day!
Say something? -.-
#McDAAG RT : This might as well be an infomercial for UK Basketball. <--Agreed!
Evan Brophey going off for hooking. Monsters to the PK
Screening this Wednesday at the Music Box Theatre is sunny Chicago!
wow that's an orange office.. 8L
Covering the meeting of the #cville Parks and Recreation Advisory Board. Will they recommend a new master plan for E. McIntire Park?
It's my opinion that private email is the appropriate medium for a professional business request such as that
Study hall with eric & blake >>>>>
not that I'm against cleanliness....but ur "that guy," huh?
You know you're sick when you start singing about how fluffy your new comforter is.
no the one for you? In ur bag there should've been a bag of cookies and a muffin
Best upcoming DJ :
After a talk, which had commenced at a late hour, and had continued many hours, it was time to sleep,
What do you think, should #Packy be allowed to REALLY be the #GrandMarshall of the #RoseFestivalParade - Let us know
“: omfg why am I such an awkward soul. erryday of my life is an embarrassment” so true...... ;)
“: Do u think the blind screen Lebron set on John Lucas I was wrong? NO...” It was a SCREEN, shouldn't even be discussed!
Thanks for this link... It's right on the money!
Ready for Friday? We'll be playing Prototype 2, Mass Effect 3, Trials Evolution, and Mortal Kombat Vita this weekend. What about you?
REUNION THIS WEEKEND
if 'the most interesting man in the world' is your idol &/OR you're an adult who's obsessed w/zombies & vampires it's time 2 up the voltage
I hate many few things less from finding out about a show the day AFTER! Grrrrrrr
Wow!!! I can't believe the Clippers won that game! I was ready to declare Memphis the soon to be NBA world champions
follow and i love garrett to!
#YOLO punch a bitch.
Messing with some photos
Had a perfect night, and is now chilling at a Starbucks in the U-Village. Seattle I love you!
Understanding him-- I pondered over how the U.S. greatly neglects the potential of more 'freshed' minded teachers that use this approach 2 .
Proverbial mud, Lourdes. That's all I have to say.
hahaha I just shared that tweet with people in my lab and we all ha a good laugh!
Everything I eat must include the use of Crystal and/or Louisiana hot sauce and/or Tony Chachere's.
Livi: "That's an ugly out-ey bellybutton..." Me: "Uh, Livi... That's a nipple."
Ready for this day to be OVER!
Good to see you on here Eric!
Sorry goligoski with the tip on michaleks shot.
": DC, night one. What a beautiful, ravishing, deafeningly loud crowd. I was taking in every minute tonight, memorizing it."
Hey everyone! I haven't been on this twitter in a loonngggggg time! Haha so let's talk!
Mega-like!
when are you offering the next 20 hr pre licensing class?
Now, I hope you’re happy with your self cause I’m not laughing.
I wish I had a new phone :/
The only true painful goodbyes are the ones that never said and never explained.
to funny! lol :)
Does free wifi mean anything if I'm only getting 100 Kbps?
Back to school......
my twitter is nothing but seth Rogan thanks to you. hah
Able to relieve back pain with trauma release techniques
Weather for Twins 1stgame Mon Apr-9 Field in Mpls looks cool with a mix of clouds & sun with NW winds @ 10mph & temps in low 50s
Hey, we all do what we can.
We all have heart just few choose to use it.
Happy New Year everyone! Hope 2012 brings you lots of fun with all your friends and family!
Am I allowed to be tired by association? Well too bad. #IDIDN'TrunamarathonbutI'mstilltakinganap
MT : A1: I saw a lot of ED's w heart but no budgeting, mgmt, or other skills needed to keep org running smoothly.
Hanrahan has been placed on the Bereavement List, Daniel McCutchen has been recalled. Hanrahan is expected to return to the club Sunday.
Hiking after cinco de mayo? 1) sleep late 2) 3) drink plenty of water
big foot pizza was a staple after every Saturday game
What is the stage of a reptile when it has eggs in it but they haven't been laid.
who did u go to the party with?
Now he kicked you of the computer lol wow
what should i do tomorow ?
We now have a pool on our back porch... No big deal.
CORRECTION 3037 N. CLARK across from Chase Bank Come on in for an after work snack!
Just when I think I understand this city, I learn about Anthrocon. Thousands of "furries" descending on downtown tomorrow.
I am 21 didn't u no dat 12 backwards is 21... come on u know they will let me in! (with your consent)
Dear Facebook, when the two mutual "friends" I share with a person are a bar and a bagel shop, I probably don't really know that person.
There were no water benders around?
is awesome! Thanks for your follow
I said I'm tweeting and I'm tweeting any I'm tweeting.
That's wats up. I'm done wit mines next spring. Happy as hell!
We still need a goalie
Got a link?
“: Another baseball DUI. But lets test Jose Bautista's urine for steroids 12 times” Doubt he'll get boo'd like braun every day too
u will def make it up to u tho love
That is too much to offer! Keep Teague and Deron! RT would u trade Teague/D. Williams 4 D. Wright?
Super hype for the fight tonight!!
it is so nice meeting you. We can't wait to see the final product of the house tour!
I hope you stud muffins haven't lost interest! A lot of great opportunities have come up to make this EP ten times better. :)
Lulz master can I get a BDAY shout out :)
It's Me music video starring is in rotation on Centric & Music Choice. Dir. by edited by
Happy Monday! Whats going on?
She crunk all by herself lol...I love it :-)
Another terrible day to be a bills fan.
Was booked for job at audition! Prep pays off. & being a braeburn apple when they r looking 4 a braeburn.
#Pens Still alive.
I just washed the dishes. Should I send you a pic I that?
Foster care system helps thousands of kids - The Tennessean
spurs and spurs fans complaining bout you....good job
chocolate make em go nuts
Leopold Bros. apple whiskey aged Gordon (still Gordon to me). Magic. you must try this. Thank you
Meeting Jo Germanotta on Saturday. Dead.
Driving up to Hollywood for the weekend for the ASCAP Expo. Greatest event of the year for me!
RT No healthcare for #Congress until every American has healthcare.
If the weight of a newborn baby is underweight then what shall we do?
yr cover it live shows that it is in standby mode. Can u check from where u r?
2nd fave item is prob a 2009 team USA WBC ball signed by everyone but Longoria & Brian Roberts.
I'm at a dive bar, one of my students is here, and he's trying to dance.
We found puppies!!
Watching the Ron Paul vs Paul Krugman debate on Bloomberg from a couple days ago, Krugman is way off, all the crap with the fed needs to end
All my fbook friends say the best! makes it way easier to have an awesome life
Really like the blacked out uni's! For MIA...ideas for our new ones?
Ladies don't be scared to be aggressive! Take control of the dick and make him submit to your every wish!
hear hear. I would give more to charity if govnt didn't take so much to begin with
...hope she's having fun in the Bahamas.
Markakis' shot barely went over left-center wall.
Why do you have a diesel engine on that truck you only drive around the neighborhood?
I can tell you for fact that we would love to be a part of #SWMilwaukee !! sure, we won #SWMadison but we got more ideas in the tank!
About too watch OkC vs LAL. Pulling for OkC. But im allways
RT": RT : I've mentally graduated from high school a long time ago."
i know i just want u to hit me up
I Love It So Much!
The fastest hour in radio now airing in DFW - 1460 AM KCLE Dallas Mavericks Victor Villalba, replay interview w/ Brandan Wright, RF Sports!
I see the moon and the stars. oh so pretty!
Remember that time told us kerry wood was starting today?
The entire cast now discussing what looks like with his shirt off
Yes that would be a great idea. Now we just need to find the time.
go get sarah!
Cam Newton is a pouty loser.
If you want a true high-res magazine buy the printed version, not an iPad Retina digital version.
It's my birthday today my lovelies!!! Happy
"A friend is a person with whom I may be sincere. Before him, I may think aloud." --Ralph Waldo Emerson
Its time for a run and some basketball.
Pasona Group Inc. a Japanese staffing firm has increased sales 3% for its first fiscal quarter.
DYK? Rev. Dr. Martin Luther king Jr., Civil Rights Leader was a member of A Phi A
like I'm made of plastic, like I'm made of paper.
NASA announces discovery of first Earth-sized planets in the universe.
We need a 24hr wing stop..lol I feel fat
Great to see that you joined! Would love to hear your feedback regarding interests for alumni/development offices.
Go Follow
...I want to film loads of shorts, and whatever I can for my showreel
#Grindr is the dirtiest game on my phone.
LOL! Its been a while since I've heard that..
LOL mo I had to ask cuz some ppl really ask me that lol I blame public school =D
p.s where r u at?
SimpleK12 Thanks for following...
I'll be in #Hershey Pennsylvania on Saturday!
Lily, Rosemary, & the Jack of Hearts? Love that sweet Dylan story-song. There's a great 10 min version on Blood: NYC sessions.
ughh! this private school application process is kicking my butt. But its worth it !Hope my baby gets in.
“: promo now till 10 pm. Glass wear and t-shirts for Sierra drinkers!”
or beilebers feel about Justin Bieber
Big thanks! RT : Well worth ->
Busting' to that wizard beat all day all night.
Its the #postseason people! Its not supposed to be easy! Its only game 2, plenty of baseball to go! Let's go #Brewers!
Somebody told me I had friends last night. Well I wonder where they are cause I'm under the weather and I sure could use a bowl of soup
Boo!! So sorry! Hope you feel better and start the new year off right...in a good way!
two hours later... O's he still the complete package or has he lost a few peanuts along the way?
Thanks for posting. I have had concerns about this. It's heartbreaking to have to cut out such a seemingly wonderful option.
i completely agree (as I punch someone in the face)
Thanks so much you too! And thank you for all of the coupons =) xoxo
• Yes. TOO EARLY for this kind of talk. Especially from someone who knows baseball.
its so annoying!:p
Happy Birthday to my brother, !!!
*poke leo* u der?
One moment of patience may ward off great disaster. One moment of impatience may ruin a whole life. ~Chinese Proverb
is working hard this off season
yea it's amazing how much money you save!
Tim Tebow will have to have God on his side this week against Tom Brady and the New England Patriots!!
Reuniting with my Aerie girls!! Yay!! :)
Goddamn I hate this bldg. property management. I need to get the hell out of here altogether; they caught me by surprise.
Other than some extra police presence, maybe some searches, I don't think NW line will see much hassle
and who might they b?????
Approximately two-thirds of divorces — including those that come late in life — are initiated by wives.
might have to chek it soon then, I miss the old Good stuff, good Looking out
thanks for the push home...#selfishmotives lol but I don't mind =]
we miss you too amy!
Educators don't count? "Makes me wonder, why doesn't interpretive curator exist at every museum? Educators don't count"
looking forward to utilizing your #software..Amy Royle has been great to work with.
First take is a great show.Jalen holds it down.
Race is in full swing at Auditorium Shores!
whats good with it. (:
Bahahah!! Beastie Boys from the future!! Too Funny!! :) lol
I am a freakin walrus man not no damn hog
glad to be away from the hospital and harassing my kitty.
Everything REALLY matters right now.
Taking my lil bros to see The Avengers this weekend
wheres the video of that girl suckin dick on the sidewalk ??
watching last weeks jeez shore episode. Mike has a situation..he's deffinatly GEEKING! he's deff on something prolly coke. jus' sayin'
We shine because they hate us, floss cause they degrade us We trying to buy back our 40 acres
three run jimmy jack.
Lemme go to this party right quick !!
My sister just just joined twitter, be nice to
oh yeah me too i have EOGs this WHOLE week
u look absolutely adorable !!
You don't have to be a homewrecker to end the life of that laptop. It's already half way there
Hey #archives folk- and I were talking about body language and positioning during interviews. Thoughts on what you all dislike?
can you hit is long? :)
So excited for #eattweet!
I joined a gym...and then I ordered a pizza
Cutting down TV games for archive. Someone really needs to take the telestrator away from It's not "Picture Pages".
haha lol ik we bros for life lol..nd i hope u guyz r ready for the meet this week
no it's a pic of the world lol
I SWEAR MY LIL BRO GAY SOME TIMES
depends on the kind of code, but Substantial puts on a code/beer night. Ask about it.
watcha wanna do?
RT This :) RT It almost the end of the school year And I'm already seeing who my real friends are.
William Adams~ Faith is a continuation of reason.
Only one is above
Its an enevidable cycle like a ceed it can not grow without water yet in elemtary we were showed ways to makegreenbeanssurvivewaterdonlyonce
Improv class with UCB. I'm glad my class is on Sundays. It makes for a great start to he week.
All the good stuff is underground. But every underground scene looks the same.
i think it's a legit excuse. exhaustion from helping and emotional distress? it'd totally work. haha. <3
It takes the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again.
i need 2 move my body....stop being LAZY T
Celebrating our 10,000th download by inviting friends and colleagues to like our page. We pledge to NEVER spam you!
yes you do
live fast die young bad girls do it well~
you should! It's really good!!!
I joined AFTRA prior and am now Sag-AFTRA and feel like the expensive pro that I am - started attending free member events 2
Fuck that game ...
Dunwoody: Encourages students to look at opinion continuum and present where the bulk of evidence lies
Trying to motivate to get off my couch.
Ok y'all. I think I'm going to stop tweeting from this account. Please follow me I'll follow back. 2 twit accounts tuff 2 manage
In at 830, but I think I might be giving a Volt with around 9. I'll have to verify details.
Home, hate this fucking bitch on my bus !
When your room mate ( ) texts you saying she wants to get "white girl wasted" >>>
#mustybutthole is a trending topic, smh !
Need help w/cataloging Q about Fed Practice & Procedure (Wright & Miller). Please DM if you can help.
Yes, it is. Every Thursday 7p-10 RT : ; is this every Thurs?!
Damn. The Phillies tied up the Braves.
Hey Tebow, Jesus called....he wants his jersey back. But mostly he was infatuated with how a telephone worked.
Marriage. It's like a cultural hand-rail. It links folks to the past and guides them to the future.
just baked some awesome South African chicken tika masala pies, and yellow curry pies!
The Macy's in southridge is so pointless
FOOD FOR THOUGHT: "It's better to be SLAPPED by the truth then KISSED with a lie."
I've come2realize that the only people I need in my life R the ones who need me in theirs even when I have nothing else2offer but myself
Suck my cockiness lick my persuasion, eat my words nd then swallow ya pride down ; )
MAN you tell the truth! Especially in Miami! This is overlooked way too often.
Your blowing up my phone :)Is your case still working after it fell last Sunday? HAHA i was gonna put my number in.
Motley crue partying has nothing on lucero + will whitmore + rocky votolato tour at a new mexico hotel. Found an old video.
Finally got my extensions (:
#KidInk need to come to SC
what the HELL were you doing tweeting at 4 am in the morning?! lol
RT : Minds are like parachutes - they only function when open. -Thomas Dewar
Oh Monday how I hate thee
We will be live tweeting during the webinar to join the conversation hashtag
you still in LA-land. We are premiering at Newport Beach Film Festival next week. I'd love to stop by and say hi.
My mother's day present to my mom = me gone.
Congratulations!!!!! I am so happy for you and Rochelle!!!
Don't go see American Reunion...sucked, glad I didn't pay for that!
(THIRD TIME'S A CHARM) Going to Avengers in ETX with Wall to wall screens and 3D. My mind is ready to be BLOWN
too cheap to let anything go to waste
#ThinnestSportsBooks 7 Habits of Highly Likable People by Bobby knight
RT : Watching the Doc, I Want Your Money.... Pretty good so far // Thx 4 watching! Check out www.iwantyourmoney.net for more
Making of Video Shooting #MusicTimeline ONLINE TODAY!!!! Are you ready??
I got to talk to you!
If only you lived in NC still, we'd make one epic duo.
about Ira? I did pass the news to and he was upset he had to find out through us instead of
yup! worst experience of my life.
well that GROUP interview went horribly. I was so nervous
That. Is. Awesome.
: hoping you're doing ok after your harrowing day.
Promoting endless breath holding training, leading to long term oxygen deprivation madness. Then you see it all the time.
IN MY GAME!
one guy looks like cleaned up The Situation, no ?
Research: Transfer - can success in one field transfer to another
CONGRATS TO BOB WICKS! He won our first pair of Van Halen tix for today. Two more chances to win at 1:35pm and 3:30 with Jeff Kent!
Tip: A reliable contractor will not demand full payment before beginning the job.
#wvu officially to the Big 12! Yee-haw!! *begins firing six shooters into the air*
The only times I've ever been fat were during my pregnancies
Thanks for RTing
you're like me though, I'm sure ;)
Credit the architect? RT : 10,000th LEED building certified today (Live Oak Family Resource Center, Santa Cruz, Calif.)
The #truth always wins...
Fasting before a doctor's appointment and I've never wanted coffee this badly in my life....and a bagel. 3 more hours to go.
Strong Bad WAS my inspiration for that title!! XD
I'm here for you <3
I am very excited for the things starting to happen in my life, I will not falter or fail.
Musician Larry Penn will be playing songs of labor and the railroad tonight in rememberence of the Bay View Massacre. 7pm No Cover
"Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet?" - there still is no Sakai course export? I'd take sakai.xml over nothing :-)
#cil2010 talking about having a vendor fair for students to get to see products.
How far in the future - like next week, or next winter? Because I don't know, and yes.
Weren't the OVA's and movies all ADV stuff that's now OOP? I noticed you can still easily get the OVA's at Rightstuf.
#SB1070 #Arizona: Solving problems, or bringing back old ones ppl faught so hard to go away?
Stupid neighbors woke me up..
is ecstatic to be heading out to Las Vegas for the Annual Convention! See you all there!
Thank you. :) It's actually part of a little park in our "down town" area here. :)
TV is chewing gum for the eyes. Frank Lloyd Wright
DYK? Phi Beta Sigma's Bigger and Better Business a program promotes minority owned business ventures. ...Happy Founders Day
Anyone have an O You ATL ticket for sale? Would love to buy it from you. Thx!
M D's tie is a little too big. Nice.
Oconomowoc supt. Patricia Neudecker calls her plan & work "courageous" at least 3 times in her newspaper op-ed this morning.
take me with you!
she do too much lol
Thanks Tony! How r u? How do you like the new shorter 1-story format? RT : Morning. Will be watchng for it
- Guys like you are too smart to fall for the BS.
Thinking about permanently deleting my account or not going on it ever again
And I'm back in SF. Magic.
Starbucks is playing christmas music! :)
Remember pulling down your pants and lifting up your shirt to use the urinal in kindergarten? Try it at work
Ha good call.
thank you for following love. :) x
Good thing Gods love isn't based on what we do for Him ;)
W. Water Polo. USC Captures No. 3 Seed Into 2012 NCAA Championships
ME TOO!
RT : funny :-)>>>Glad I got a laugh...trust all is well in your world.
Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.
hey !!! Miss you too girl ! Coming to miami soon ;) Big hug !
i wish G was off! i hate his schedule this week. missing my big day.
that was YOU behind me?!
Try driving while always looking through the rear view mirror and your bound to crash. Such is life!
Poised Creation is beginning to formulate a network into entertainment!
I've been great actually! :) How have you been stranger?
Happy St. Patrick's day!!
hinderman..? ahahah and too bad it's not in the dead center. it's slightly lower <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
i ment if u see this kian look at my last tweet
Last day to request Absentee Ballot to be mailed to you is this Wednesday October 27, 2010 in both Miami-Dade and Broward Counties...
TOOT AWAY IS SOLD OUT. But, we are making more as fast as we can. We'll let you know when it's available. Thanks for all of your support.
You forgot #GoJerryReese RT Got a feeling it's going to be a great year
": Me & #oomf fell off and I moved on ."
What the hell Austin? Lol did you bite him???
Can you point me to fwd-thinking, blogging elem librarians? Starting position at 4th/5th gr school in the fall.
What about tit? :P
...hell yes they do.
NPR story on "The Pirates! Band of Misfits" recognized Kenneth Turan as a reviewer for the "Los Arrrr-negeles Times." Kudos
Seeing #Puck in a dress.. Mental images....
I thought it was just my internet! The videos are all messed up for me
: lucky charms and guinness pizza
I missed the brenda & 45 queen dinner party poo!!!!
Life is to short for the drama so live let go strive and continue to maintain your focus and prosper!
What highest seed will farthest?
Big thanks to my girl for the trophy! Her name says it all and why you should be following her. So do it.. Do it.
is the person you must follow!
I think it is really cool that Bing Crosby appears in my #Pandora Station for 'Broken Social Scene'
so you can tell your followers that a significant percentage of tweets offer maximum value...
"Justice is what love sounds like when it speaks in public" Dr. Michael Eric Dyson
New pt job in marketing with State Farm
I sometimes feel bad that Preston doesn't get as much love from directioners as Paul does </3
I can't either!
I suppose this is an opportune time for me to go and try rdio!
such a meat brain comment
Thanks fo the Follow. Fear-Based living (or selling) is a huge problem. Keep up the good work. JRQ, "The Love-Based Leader"
#TSFL All day everyday
yup yup #TeamThirsty you wouldn't about like'n woman you fuckin cupcake
BOY YOU CAN SAY NETHIN U WANNA I DON'T GIVE A SHT NO 1 ELS CAN HAVE U I WANT U BK I WANT U BK W W WANT U WANT U BK UUUGGFHHHHH
Narnia RT “: arctic shelf RT Tennessee RT where the kentucky derby be at?”
Will take a look at the email! Thanks.
Is there any better mother-daughter bonding than shopping?
I missed it! Did you attend?
We sleep in perfect blue buildings Beside the green apple sea. Tryin to get me a little familiar, baby. Tryin to keep myself away from me.
Cardigans for everyone! RT : Ranganathan's lost 6th Law: Every library's thermostat shall be kept lowest during warm weather
I hate when you like someone, but you know he'll never go for you.. Oh well, oh well. :o
Preach!!! Don't tweet about it b about it
We appreciate the support! Hope you try us out for yourself soon!
Hey Guys whats up!? :D
Can I get your mention?
Ok! Updated! :) RT : can you update this tweet?! #NYR have tied the game!
Seriously considering "Have boobs, will travel" as my new bio for everything
Traffic in mission/fashion valley is worse today than it was during the holiday season... What's up with that?!
"It hurts me seeing a girl cry. I want to comfort her as long as I can... Or I’ll end up crying too.” - Zayn Malik
Because I like young adult novels ... excited for tomm.'s release of 's #Insurgent. If you liked Hunger Games, try her series.
Only two finals away from getting to see in Wisconsin!!!
that awkward moment when you drop your bra in your dogs water bowl... -_-
i make it a part of real-time class discussion/participation. still pulling teeth some times.
Go TIMMY!
Damn, Gucci is huge.
nope I registered it and headed out. Takin it on a roadtrip tm morning.
Watching "The 100 Greatest Songs of the 00's" on VH1. Goodness, there is so much wrong with the music industry...
"We thought you'd like to know your monthly experience shipment is on its way"- shipment email from . I'm getting wine, not pms.
it would probably be the GRANDest monday ever if you RTd me :] xx
They should bring Guys and Dolls to the big screen and you should play Adalede
that doesn't sound healthy. And I think you are more o a cougar-skin type
We are placed above all men
I did that, the neighbors had to rip theirs out after spending 4k to install it
So apparently there is a couple from England getting married soon. I heard it was kind of a big deal.
Something I'm thinking about, too. The symbolic strength of 1812 is strong for Canada & U.S. & defines national identity for both.
I love being part of the body of Christl THANKS to all my brothers n sisters who helped us packed... On the road to IA
are you ever going to tweet me?:( i want some kendall lovin too...
Good morning beautiful !! I am following you on Twitter! Hope u will follow back! Much love,
Is this thing on?! - Sarah K.
I agree! Bring on the #Makeup #Music and #JunkFood and you got yourself a PARTY! lol
I want to start a website featuring white people dancing at concerts. The most apoplectic dancers r always in the seat in front of me. Yeesh
Too late. Kidding, I'm kidding!!!
With , you get a 5% donation on every purchase to any #charity of your choice. Don't see your organization on our website? Add it!
Girl he's that BAD!!! : Lol sheeeshhh RT : Let me calm down before I have an orgasm on myself!
Gon pour out some brass monkey later for MCA
A bit sad to see the Britannica stop printing. I *loved* the 1977 Encyclopaedia Britannica set my parents had bought me.
I have a feeling tonight's one of those nights I'm gonna be crying a lot.
David Cook on American Idol :)
More people should be like that.
Hi Ramona- thanks for the add - Im looking forward to your tweets, and I hope to have some cool stuff for you too!
it's a damn shame
How are papers coming along? What can I do to help?
Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected. - Steve Jobs
hoping changing the password works, if not hopefully #twitterhelp can fix it lol.
Exhausted, but pushing on. 175 applications out and so the wait continues.
Blue Mountain State. Why am I just finding out about you now? Where have you been all my life? Netflix, thank you for putting it up <3
OH MY
What happening? www.disruptivefood.com <--- that
Does Jeff Magnum know his publicist spells his name wrong, like, literally all the time?
Wait. Did the 'Skins give 3 1s and a 2 for a 1?
Watched a good TV show taping today. It was fun!
there is another dude names phee in Chicago too. he may be mad when he finds out I own the copywriter to the name
Got my 40 #brewers tixs for tavern league of the game, Twins May 18th, sign up start next week!!!
I execute events for liquor comp, I own a catering company, specializing in mobile bar service,we run events at 87 & Collins
is & always will be my fave social media curmudgeon & I mean that in best possible way! Follow him & his blog.
Just posted everything. Probably no need to repost, unless you want to later. I think it's close enough.
so I know this one girl who is a die hard laker fan but lives in SLC! #DOESN'TMAKEANYSENSE SMDH LOL
You were the star of the show last nite babes! So glad I went to to see you! xoxo
- my family and I come to Charleston every year 4 vaca and we always try a few new things - gonna have to swing by your shop!
you know how you are with MGK? THAT'S HOW I AM WITH CHILDISH GAMBINO.
guess. whose. back.
Have you started to feel it? The fresh cut grass, newly raked infield, and the hope for a legendary season. GO CUBS!
Hadn't heard that! Nothing on his site or Hazlett's. Tho he's in Newport Jul 29 then Chicago Aug 3, so ...
“: Win tickets to see The Heartless Bastards at The Bluebird on 4/14! Email " fingers are crossed haha
i love how laughs at my bad night at work !
HAPPY SATURDAY! What could make it an even happier Saturday?! A Classic Butter Salmon Steak from B!
its not for me lol
Luck said he got a congratulatory text from Peyton yesterday.
It's true, has started a full nerf war I've personally gone with the mutually assured destruction approach. cc
I've learned the importance of going beyond your comfort zone -Healey
Good morning!!!!!! MUAH
Shouting whitney songs at the top of me voice!
haha oh, my sister goes to college in Dayton, so I'm down there all the time!
Seems like TAL is handling the Daisey/Apple story in the best way possible. I dread the day that happens to us.
just 4 more hours of sleep pretty please
RT : Success can be dangerous, failure can be dangerous. But success is the better of the two. Dana Gioia
:-) Truer than we'd sometimes like to admit. The most wonderful things in my own life have happened outside my comfort zone.
i did!! see the tweet i just sent to !!
Wait, what? Free iPads? Digital pedagogies.
if i post to reverb can u listen to it
Call out sick with 29er?
: now that is back on his feet we need to schedule that #BSF lunch!!
Strategic bandwidth advantage focuses on supporting innovative consumers.
Happy Valentine's Day to you and your sweethearts from Delicious Licks!
Not YET - 5 performances to go! RT : ... Has anyone brought raw meat yet? They did in Spain!
I recommend Alton Brown's show on pancakes. It's what finally gave me consistency.
RFT . “: Twitter cracks more in the night .__. <3”
Flying to Sebring for the race. And you?
"The rare occasion when a single sketch can tell the entire story..." - Gutierrez Studios
Combining NHL Playoffs, NFL Draft......and hip hop dance world championships online. Does it make sense to anyone?
I have a slide emergency! says cat pics in slides is out of style now. Please advise :)
Michelle can't understand why I sit here and obsessively listen to a song 30 times in a row....cause the kick sounds sweet....duh
Happy SpursDay! Spurs/Clippers tonight...excited!
I had a nice time in San Francisco. :) I deserved a perfect day. Can't wait to go back.
Can't sleep.
RT : Scott's Submarine is featured in and scores high www.myndapp.com
COME CHECK OUT www.theeroticchallenge.com... ARE YOU THE HOTTEST GIRL AROUND? LETS SEE IF AMERICA AGREES!!! SIGN UP
Sent you guys an e-mail about working with you! Hope to hear from you soon :)
Rest in peace Stacy Robinson you will be missed by many current, former and future players.
Met an old man in #SPSLA.He says he started learning code when christ was born on machine language & is still learning. Cheers
Thanks, no hurry getting back to us, always so much going on :)
Struggling with php coding. Anyone have a horizontal ticker script in php for WordPress they could give me? You would decrease my stress. ;)
Some of the mfckrs I follow can't spell.
It's a fantastic Monday! overcast outside - sunny inside.
No because every time they say “we have to talk” i brake up before they say anithing else.
Remarkably no 19th c. missionaries saw irony in Christians preaching "the blood of the atonement" & attacking "sanguinary rites of heathens"
RT : & I are ready to get this party started are you? Get ready for fresh fish & sweet sips!
Lord, Creator God, grant me meekness today, gentleness, kindness; then it's in your hands to guide my judgment and protect me.
What up justin!
that was a BEAUTIFUL touchdown by the Packers!
Ha! Relief. Thought I was gonna have to get into a political debate. And I'm kinda shaky on that stuff.
Can people get off Capture The Crown's dick! There are way worse bands then them.
Seven days without love makes one weak.
I am!! Cant see faces RT : Look up high at the booth behind home plate w KSTE sign hanging under it.
The store is open today 8:30am-2:30pm. Teachers, don't forget to shop this month!
my brother is in NYC?
who's djing the velvet room for sunday ?
Birthdays , birthdays , birthdays ! Get closer to mine ! December 13th , <U+2665>
Sacramento boy till I die nigga cypooooo thank god for the ylo D's lmfaooooo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
seriously grow up and quiet playing these little middle school games ....
working tonight?
you obviously got time for it if you keep tweeting me back .
Owning Erik Bedard in fantasy baseball is like that Seinfeld episode where Kramer sees how far he can drive on one tank of gas.
Not helpful for your nail polish poll! Get it together.
Poised Creation has began developing a network of photographers!!!
Rehab or not, tiger's stiffness continues to be a problem. from
I gotta' feeling Nancy Grace is gonna' go CRAZY real soon!
Umm can I add my 2 cents...
U suck
Seoul's Incheon International Airport named the world's best - GlobalPost
no need to be harsh :(
GREAT! See you in Israel! :) You're going to have an AMAZING time.
Beautiful :D <U+2665> ' Is it over yet? Can I open my eyes? Is this as hard as it gets? is this what it feel's like to cry?' <U+2665> <U+266B>
feel the intensity of the nc Qcity im opening this str8 dirty south mouth rebel w/o a pause for my ladies as fine as the starz xoxo 8==D -;p
I was biking. From NE down the river to the Greenway, into Uptown, around the lakes, up to 394, into downtown and home. 30+ miles
How does making more than A-Rodg feel?
When people say that they used to hate you. Youre like
Tee---buh bye!
True potential #:)
You finally back to the caffeine?
Was reading the #economist and in a story the quote was "note to our non-American readers #NASCAR is an American sport involving fast cars"
The Four Feathers movie trailer preview from cheapflix
I really meant I might u to build some cabinets!
Its a Beaitiful day! :)
hope your testing went good.
it's terrible
Starting off the day with a little nuclear weapon shop talk. Dick Cheney.
Finally got a twitter just for the lab. join us to stay updated on our adventures.
that is the man to have!
Wow weather here in SC is crazy.. hail and tornado warnings.. my puppy is in surgery.. this is going to be one fun filled weekend :-)
Think this is about to be the best of the night.
if #Celtic wouldn't of been down to 9 men against #Rangers at Glasgow then they probably would of won that game too.
Observation #2: Just got here and I already can't believe how many different, insanely good things I've tasted.
Like you have never wondered whether or not poop could actually be mailed.
This is where real musics at! Go ahead, follow and take a listen. (: #FF , ,
you are very welcome!!!
Pujols could have been the next Stan Musial. Instead, he's the next A-Rod. Money talks. The AL West is the new AL East. Yikes.
I'm just now watching The Voice finale. Why is Christina pantless?
When boys hug you and you can feel their abs pressed up against your body.
your #DCNashville friends miss you. Many thanks for your excellent workshops packed with business and #drupal goodness
blair be polite !!!!!!!! haha im not friends with stuck up bitches i just know them
Er, sorry, cultural patrimony and theft just gets me all hot and bothered. But really. Don't buy illegal artifacts! It's so easy! Stop!
please follow me i love you<333
Gift package from The Balm!
If you think you can do it better than they can, you are probably right. But proving it is the best revenge ever.
True stuff
How long does it take to slow-cook the most perfect egg? Paul takes a crack at cooking and eating at One Market Restaurant (8/8/10) @ 5:30PM
Follow the MKEYouthCouncil this week as we speak with Iraqi students and Chicago groups about #youth and #leadership!
It's all fun and games to you realize we're paying income tax, state tax, excise tax, sales tax, property tax, tourist tax,
What is Nintendo thinking with the Wii U?
Wow, First Mega Shark vs. Crocosaurus & now Dinocroc vs. Supergator. As long as Supergator isn't a Tebow reference, this night has been epic
can't the rapture be on a freaking Monday? So I lose the weekend. But scheduled cable man for sat..FU comcast
Would you allow me to send you a file outlining how you could sell a mobile wedding app to your customers? Jim - LocalMobil
that's that shit I don't like !
Lights out at #OaklandColiseum in 4th inning of Tigers v As game. It's Star Wars theme night at the park.
If I hated you I wouldn't have tweeted " When me and Eric were close >> How we are now :/ " :'/
srry guys that wasnt the good one ! :$ >> my story im going 2 look for the right one haha :$ xmichelle
Watching The Iron Lady. This movie is a bore, and as much as I admire Meryl Streep, it's a joke to me that she won the Oscar over Rooney.
Oh so true
Home has vastly different meaning for many Africans | Your online ...
Lobos play this afternoon and State plays this evening. Are you ready for some March Madness?
Spent the bulk of the day working on the new website! So pumped!
No problem =) Thank you lol
“: Jason Campbell: out for the year. Even worse, Kyle Boller: in for the year.”
same underwear 3 days and counting!!
what shows? :O
If you worry about yesterday's failures, then today's successes will be few. - Anonymous
Bad day today
Totally agree. You can tell the guys got a real fire inside him. Can't wait to see him ravage QB's. #VonWolfe'nDoom
you have nice teeth
If you don't have anything nice to say, simply nod your head, smile and say nothing.... :-x
Hahaa No. I had someone make it....
LOL!! That's funny
I guess I’m too selfish & too much the curmudgeon, but no way I am going to think or do anything connected with work during this vacation.
I actually just started playing it today and found the Master Quest mode very entertaining as a veteran of the game.
hahaha it's very similar to that shady movie, never trust a hottie<U+261D>
how many euro players have left Europe to play in the CHL? Which countries are the ones hurting the most from it?
I mean ur welcome and thanks for telling me
I'm always gassed up I'm Neva on E! LMAO
Waiting on this call tho
Thanks - consider it done. You might want to #FF ,
is happy that Blaine and Kurt kissed. Thanks
thanks. I was a former counsel member a few years back (w/ ShopLocal) & had a great experience with my counsel (forget the #)
Give our buddies a follow or two while you're awake!
I am so not looking forward to tomorrow but I wouldn't miss it for anything.
Am I the only person who gets sidetracked for hours reading (& crying over) the sad youtube comments that accompany every 1970s soul song?
This is worst.officiated series ive ever seen
RT : Today only at : Golden Globe-winner for best picture and best director: "The Social Network."
Nothing says motherhood more than getting on your knees to look for lego pieces under the grocery stands. Gotta love it.
When the green-eyed monster rears its ugly head, it represents jealousy; similarly, an individual can be green with envy.
Great week ahead! Looking at my calendar and i am happily booked!
Thanks! RT : happy birthday Baker!
Come join St. Sabina and Pastor Pfleger at 79th Racine ... TAKE IT TO THE STREETS!
me too. What r yur plans today?
Yea! Happy to hear we are keeping you connected to the Twitter universe while away! Thanks for taking us along.
I need to start tweeting again. I've neglected and lost followers =/
Happy Monday to you, too! - Bryan
Inquiring minds want to know....how do YOU handle the situation when you've discovered mold in YOUR home?
Forgot how bumpin Jet Files is
Steal my ideas naw it's coo
Not many trick-or-treaters tonight. It's so quiet it's a good night for a scary movie!
listening to music
I need to go to sleep. Going for an early run in the morning. I need my energy.
No problem dear. :)
lol I hope the lakers win the west...there's no way in hell Miami can beat them.
thanks Lucy! I haven't forgotten about our interview. The album is being mixed, I'll email in a few days!
Thx again :-) : You're welcome. I hope the airports & airlines are good to you this week. Album is gorgeous...
Hahaha your doing the same thing in both pictures. :)
RT : Frida Kahlo on exhibit at the Harry Ransom Center! (They are a also giving away a membership for date auction)...
Robbie Gould you are ridiculous!
"There's nothing to match curling up with a good book when there's a repair job to be done around the house." ~Joe Ryan
Can't sleep.
Don't let a lack of resources keep you from moving forward with faith and wisdom. Allow God to fill in the miracle space.
gotcha.... but what restaurant do you want to have either meal in nyc?
good morning everyone hope you guys have a wonderful Thursday afternoon
These kids are UGGGGGGLLLLLLLYYYYYYY
Delicious Planet is thinking about serving Tacoma one day a week. What are your thoughts?
I'm sure they're just as confused as everyone else
Driving n listening to country music makes me realize that I need go back to my old self. The girl that didn't go out n hated house music,
The housekeeper, too. WEIRD.
Orientation tomorrow!
Beware, 2DC is lurking & shall strike thee with a mighty musical note !
My mom irratates me soo much!!:/
give peace a chance
lol I just did
true, but still, 38,000 americans going to a soccer game is good
Your colleagues in San Diego are with you and wishing everyone in our 50th state well!
Join us for Tasty Tuesday's @ One Up 25 cent Wing Special (from 8pm to 12am) , $5.00 you call it on DRINKS & TAPAS, DJ 12 Tribe on the decks
We don't need to eat anyone who would run, swim, or fly away if he could..Go Vegan!!!
Harry's voice is so asdfghjklbwjifjuhioejfdoksakmp <333 Makes my heart melt. Like the rest of the band. :)
Yes, I will definitely be making it over to there at some point!
Best thing about the #Caps crowd in DC? No dumbasses in shirts & ties sitting on the ice. 99% red jerseys.
#YEE it's raining. Now it's like raining nonstop in Texas. c;
why you aint come scoop me up
That's because its going to be off the chains RT : Everybody Hittin me up about my Anniversary Party Tonight in Nocturnal!!!
Modeling is such a great job! Maybe I could be one of the ones in store windows. - Kelly Bundy
"You know, I’m programmed to check the time at every single 9:11 I’m awake for." "AM and PM?" - ANN, OR OTHER PEOPLE opens 10.20.2011
Well it's about time followed me back !
Poised Creation is considering moving into the modeling business!
great seeing you this afternoon! Thanks for the Mormon swag to bring back to Minney. :)
Vijay Iyer and Herbie Hancock in the same weekend....a pianist's dream!
RT : Don't pay Ebay prices for new Lips vinyl-more stores should have today or tomorrow! Good Records, Grimeys, Electric Fetus
Now if only they'd announce some GULF coast tour dates!
He gone come hm fuck up n want to talk til 5am
lets do a 9iron at Internbay then I can show inthe Golf Drone course mapper 4000
Ur damn Beautiful :o Like ur videos in Youtube..(: Like ur Lips !
Join tonight at 5pm and be a part of how God is impacting Austin, TX for Christ! We will see you there!
What did I do wrong for this to happen..
come over for dinner tonight. i can help you study.
What up bro
I know right?!
Welcome to twitterville!
Looking forward to taking my grandmother out to see Water for Elephants. We read the book together!
Did u vote today? Well i wouldnt have voted even if i couldve voted! Its THEIR laws, ran by THEIR people, with THEIR own government!
I need summer workouts to kick me back in shape.
Hopes everyone stays safe during this hurricane! I am ready with my pjs, laptop charged for movies and some beers =]
Ohio Delts & Chi O's <3
just read #GirlWalksIntoABar in one sitting...so so good. Thank you for the awesome
coming back from stellar presentation & grateful to have such a vibrant & passionate team!
Wow - awesome!
My daughter asked why people with funny names like Mitt & Newt want to be President. I replied, yep we need Ronnie's & George's. She agreed.
Jessica:"my fucking arm is hurting!" rashida:"you want me to finish?!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
check your direct messages. I resent coupon code
Has Ms Obama ever looked more attractive than she did at the WHCD? Damn.
that's y its a shout out stoop
315 million Apple devices sold in the world
Love ! The Grand Opening Beauty Bag sounds amazing!
did u catch up w EL?
Thank for joining our network! Visit us at www.hairlink.co
Lead of the year, good sir.
CR Rohrbough, I hug you. (Hey PS, are you gonna be in WV any time this year? Maybe we can arrange a hangout, yo!)
Thanks for sharing our #blog entry!
Watching Brooklyn 11223 with Viggle Mon | 11PM | Oxygen HD (Pacific) Get real rewards just for watching TV.
thanks for the RT!
Bubba Watson wants to make you cheer, SEC, SEC....SEC
Thanks for the #FF, I like your jewelry.
Happy Veterans Day! Thank You for your Service!
We bet you did. Your article looks fascinating. Reading now.
Channeling my inner Sydney Bristow at the
Sleepy as fuck:'(
Just back from mtg w/editor and director and viewing first 50min of PRIVACY; damn! its looking good.
Aiiiiight. Do I smell juice? Yipppeee
yes! one day we will learn hahahaa
Definitely brewing up a master plan :):):):):)
Ditto on all counts! :) RT : Highlight of my morning? Running into on my way into the office. LOVE those moments!
u got it
Had the best weekend in a very long time thanks to my boy Elmer also a try die hard packers fan I guess the green and yellow fans get down
Reminiscing with some old basketball friends
Why is RIP Jackie Chan trending?!?!? that scared me for a sec.. it's a hoax people!
Seriously jealous to be missing out! But if you run into Kate or Becky from my company, say hi.
Oh your welcome!!!!:)
#shoeslessinvegas ? RT : Just learned what ratchet means...
Now there is one outstandingly important fact regarding Spaceship Earth, and that is that no instruction book came with it
Yup! To Miami on Thursday morning.
I really wish my damn boyfriend would get home!!!!
Another great #FF suggestion is and !
I want you, but I want you to want me too.... just like I want you
Gotta drive out to the #brandery in #Cincy. #Leap - engaging pitch
I am always looking for great acting tips for myself and to share with others.
will this be on demand
do i have an idea of who?? Lmao
#projectx was a solid entry in the party movie genre. It did exactly what was expected.
American pie Betta house(y)
Yes, your hate has been found and is safe and sound. I'll tag it with your twitter name, you can come get it anytime we're open!
Today was a great daay<U+2665>
Happy Spring Break! Enjoy the time off, and of course stay safe!
Just tapped Flying Dog Double Dog Imp. IPA 11.5%. Last of its kind in WA.
In 2012, I’m pledging to run more often with Nike+ GPS. This will be my year to #makeitcount with
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 7
All New Episode of #JerseyShore right now
Any US stores that are less bad than WF?
Top 12 films based on classical mythology: From 'My Fair Lady' to 'Troy', the greatest films based on Greco-Roma..
Crazy week!
Artists Boot Camp is now looking for interns on the music side and business/marketing. email resumes to
You can still catch a Rivershore Charter! Last boat at 7pm!
Agreed. There will be an intervention.
Capitol Records Twit Katy Perry to be sued by Grammy Voting BMI Published Artist Simon Dylan Ian Xander Thunder for Copyright Infringement!!
Poll: would music fans be interested in receiving sms updates from artists?-john
I meant to reply to this link. Chunk alert left rear!
Who are the Pacers to beat LeBron James AND Dwyane Wade???? I just wanna be real here
forgetting i was on twitter lol
According to these emails, I should "TRUST NO ONE (but us, 'cause we're special!)"
RT : Had a #likeable field day with and very proud of my winning team!
My name is Marty Bindschatel just in case you need it!
Hello sunshine.
We are dropping off tickets to people in the San Diego area today! Send us a message if you want a ticket for our Nov. 11th Show at Soma!$12
Working while driving to Austin. Love my mobile hotspot.
“The people who were trying to make this world worse are not taking the day off. Why should I?”- Bob Marley
Bill Sr to #2012GEO We all make mistakes and continue learning.
Learning about photo-elicitation interviewing at the
I'm just so stressed out i'ma snap and it's not gonna be good.
I would love to!!!
Only a month into our referral program and we already have someone who reached 3 confirmed referrals. Huge Thank You to Jeremy Abolade.
Planning on a fabulous weekend up in Linden, TX for the Texas Music Awards!
where have you been in the US?
Joyful Noise was good!
can you play " Sweet Love " by .
...if PO'd keeps you inspired then GBP nation is ready to see you play even better in '11 (year of the repeat)... YOTR
look into his eyes...that kid has cold blooded killer mean streak u see from the great ones #inittoLINit - u can't teach that
Anyone have a list of local brewed root beers; researching for my blog
Tons of people! Seemed like last night was especially bad for a lot of people.
Getting on the second bus half way there. Buying my mgk tickets in Denver
Got to hear the train operator call it "NoMa" tonight
Dick Cheney news trumps Rick Stantorum news. I guess that's accurate given the importance of each individual
I want an electric powered car!
#LAMHarvard THickerson: be open to interdisciplinary colleagues who will bring new approaches and directions to our thinking.
thank you both BTR and Ariana Grande are very inspiring ppl!
RFT!!! ": I want to do something this spring break for real though."
Wheew, Okay i Finished dat song lemme take a Cat Nap!!
the music just doesn't sound the same without the chronic man
In need of more bball shorts. Gotta go shopping soon
Is it easy to learn patience? I don't think so. Its one of the most difficult personal qualities to master..
Dammit. Great game, still love my Rangers regardless. CJ will get it back tomorrow.
is still adorable. It's true. Oh look. It's the Oneders or Wonders.
Nothing to fucking do.
Charlie Weiss drinks gravy flavored #gatoraide. Im sure of it.
will you shout us out and follow were a tw account that is sharing fanmily encountering with the guys<3
my brother adam said to thank everyone cuz #happynewyearadam must be for him
I will be back though. #Phoenixrisingfromashes #thatwastoodramatic #tomorrowmaybedonutMonday Hiw are things with you?
i think NBA licenses are tough to get. maybe if i made friends with the gift shop at the bradley center, they could order it.
Up for endorsement for City Council pos. 1: Maurice Classen, Bobby Forch, Jean Godden, Michael Taylor-Judd. Maurice is speaking.
yeah i'm already a daddy xD
Chillin getting ready for bed
So all we need now is for 10-man, 18th-placed QPR to hold our for a result a champions-elect Man City. Easy enough...
- thanks! I think I saw you there?!? We were there around 1130ish! See you next time -
yeah that's when he did it
Wasn't a tie, and there is no rule that says that.
lol dude yeah it was a blast, dogs are the coolest ever
Probably not productive, but funny. RT Assem Hansen's put-down of PPA lawyer has become the highlight of the hearing
I can't take too much of Tennessee anymore and I got family who is begging me to come out there.
hey there! we have it on hold at the moment! But feel free to still write up ... link to our Facebook page instead?
So, you are officially saying Tiger won't do it?
I want a cake ball now ! lol.
Just looked out the window and saw somebody walking a cat.......
I feel like cuddling <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
followback,Is Hot related to Grey's Anatomy
Um, ? It seems shit is going down in places. Any to-dos going down in PDX? I have a bunch of crap to do today.
Did you not take your meds this morning? I need my meds this morning.
"GOP Vows Debt Ceiling Showdown". Here we go again.
Amy Winehouse - Frank
"open" prefix is polysemous; use of open in #opengov, open source, open innovation, #opendata, etc is not equivalent nor necessarily related
IT'S SAT! TIME FOR LUNCH & $5 YUENGLING PITCHERS at THE SMILING MOOSE! GET HERE!
Enjoying "new" old IBM compy...thanks to fantastic help from Hampton. Now I can once again operate fluently in both languages: Mac & PC!
Thrashers home game tomoorw with the Islanders, LETS GO THRASHERS, we nned a big win
call he's a good catch
Good morning Nice to see you.
I saw it bruh it was clean for sure tho
How about just packing a suitcase and hittin the highway of life and living for the first time!!Drive into that sunset and never look back!
a vintage gold cuff!
tol me to hit yu up about details on me and hoppin on camera
researching on the stock market for tomorrow's trade
Good morning #rouxers :D have a great day
#ff for the latest in vikings news. Go Vikings! We better get favre a rotary phone you can't sext with those
omg I'm dying laughing ! lol
Such a sunny day, my day is going good but why does the cold wind bother to show up??
Mikael: MD Harm'n: assuming one is exchanging a diversity of syntaxes
5 hours of sleep, let's do it.
I'm pretty sure I hate every single song T.I. has recorded or been featured in. I just really hate his voice.
now that Osama is dead, I want to know where he has been hiding all this time....
Survived an all day strategy meeting feeling optimistic and busy. A whole day of interviewing tomorrow will, I'm sure, leave me thirsty.
hello from San Diego!
White chalk when you dive back on the 3rd base line..
I say with the bunny. It's a badass bunny too. My daughter would love it.
4 days left...hope everyone got costumes!
blink182 & the branched bands, kind of mood today.
Which one of you tweeters goes to West Memphis jr high or West Memphis high school?
Have to start the day with some Bela Lugosi. Love The Town Monster.
what's your thoughts on all these social media IPOs?
To whichever of my co-workers who stole from my purse tonight...you f'ing suck. And I mean that from the bottom of my heart.
I don't wanna waste your precious time.
I hate that you can't change your furni in the design home app
Get Back to Basics: For something to Work, You Must work it!
Sounds awesome. RT : Thinking of starting fun stats site called "R-squared less than Zero,"
Go after past customers before spending time or money on looking for new ones -- a reminder from Good advice.
Non-profit :)
blah blah blah need to get to bed got towake up early and look pretty for him!!(:
yea for Christine! We are at work on the phone with each other talking about you! She says she is hot!
pics coming soon :)!
is that in DAR??
just peachy keen here babe, how's your day?
One of life's biggest ironies.....No One Gets Out Alive!
TWEET NUMBER THREE FUCKING HUNDRED BITCHES!!!! D*con! D*con! D*con!!!!!!
The coffee mug/web cam in your house or brain banter on is cracking me up!
how are you doing today cutie?? :-)
#GhettoTextSignatures Me+you=Nigga Power, not to put you on blast tia but, you ratchet)
I'm 13
call me
Go Like My Video On My Profile..I'll Return The Favor (:
im gonna take a wild guess that no asians work at why? cuz I got the circle "Chen Family" w/ every Chen in my address book LOL
A mix of sun and clouds today. A spotty shower can't be ruled out of the question. Warm with a high of 90!
Just seen: "If you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,"Help, they've turned me into a parrot." you are wasting everybody's time."
I like Neil and Zayn. :)
Thats whats up RT : Wish yall luck & success ":Get ready new year is gonna bring a lot of great things from the WC."
Ah man, looks like i'm really missing out :(
I guess I know what I'll be doing this summer. :p
Man, I'm running up out this bitch at 5 on the dot...#NBS <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A5>
I'm really good at finding email addresses.
Support the tour #Louisiana Style!
People with smart mouths <<<<< bag that ass all the way UP
no clue who makes rules, but MTA bus reps I & others spoke to claim drivers choose their runs & can't be made to take a run...
Omg The avengers was amazin
This tweet is 4 everyone in my tl who r mothers, i hope yall hv a happy mother's day.
#Acura commercial may be best auto commercial yet #brandbowl. Props to
Stay by my side and you'll feel better and be safe !!
welcome to twitter....
well then you should follow me because we have something in common :)
Happy New Year! Love you Davidsons!
looks yum! did you make this?
Daily Couve and Clark County Live thank you for following us
Okeyxoke--see you at Icon!
Outside of Braun, who else will be an impact playwright this year?
hot mess what happen sound like u need a hug
>> Smart use of technology can enable this transition.
thanks for helping us spread the word. We appreciate that.
The midnight train to Boston still hasn't gotten in to Boston.
i've never been as goofy or giggly as i've been the last hour <U+263A>
Who saw the sign Jay-Z just put up...
They are at our Camp Randall location- 608-256-9499
With the Mayor and other VIPs at the FBI Open House and groundbreaking
It's too bad we can't kick China and Russia off the UN Security Council. This is BS.
They speak candidly about the social hardships they faced,their careers, and Jim B. goes in on the non social activism of today's athletes!
That what does not kill you, makes you wish it had
Its a common misconception of #Narcoleps To the contrary we are very hard workers- we work w/our brain cycling thru sleep stages!
Agreed. You need critical mass, and that mass has to come from somewhere.
Won't be going to north Carolina anytime soon, that's fo sho.
Hey Kayla, are you getting paid by these news agencies for your pics?! Double down!
let's see if some more of my followers, would show me love on this very special day of mine :)
Jeremiah 5:28-29 "Their evil deeds have no limit; they do not plead the case of the fatherless to win it..."
Stevie Wonder!!! They should of had him perform
god (: his father is quite nice
boy haven't you learned anything? Don't b fooled by the rocks that she got, she's still, she's still jenny from da block <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I got the 5 and 2
haha sorry you keep taking the bait
We need a fluke goal from #QPR now, or 10 goals from #MUFC and
Let the Christmas Cookie making begin. Everyone's welcome!
ED Secretary Arnie Duncan shares experiences using longitudinal data system while school leader in Chicago
Fake hair.fake smile . fake friend. hun, are u sure u weren't made n china ???
And!..groceries.
#sxgpages Reasons for Google+ 1) search relevance 2) hangouts....not social. According to the panel at
Glad to hear you guys are having great weather. We are as well. finally. I'll be very open tomorrow and I'm looking for to it
Thank you!
Cutoff weather <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
yeah that thing is a sexy beast!
Throats so sore this morning :( but glad a have a double bed to myself :D.
Little Weapons is having a big meeting right now! We're excited!
so my old 2 decideds 2 talk 2 me the other day and ask for my number #hell2daNo i think the last time was enough i'm still hearing about it
sweet home alabama is on!
Happy Cinco de Mayo San Diego! Before you party like a rock star, book a cab/limo/bus, so everyone can get home safe!
Audition for "Cyrano" this summer!
Done :) RT : Did you know MVP, Justin Verlander is on Twitter? Follow him,
likewise, if you ever need anything I'm always down to network and get my name out.
Yup! Exactly, as I figured.
You and I can get together anytime, but why don't I plan on coming to Career Curves on 3/19? They still meet at 10:00 am?
If I'm louder, would you see me? Would you lay down, in my arms and rescue me? <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Was able to grab a glimpse of the next version of WebCamWindow today. Wait til you guys see it.
this new computer isn't letting me use pro tools 9 for some reason. I'm trying to figure it out. I'll keep u posted
Wish I was in Chicago for #mybxb. I'll be following along on Twitter so you all better be on your A game.
Watching HeeHaw with my mom. Just wow. Lol.
Damage controlling what fake/parody accounts are saying? Really necessary? Drawing the attention of your 193k followers worth it?
wow Liam, just wow. You have a twitcam while I'm at school... Well I hope someone records it
My twitter name ant dat name for no reason
In class this morning s/o to all of y'all that did the damn thing last nite for that special someone...
a bit bragadocious
Vent: isn't it easier for YOU if I register online as opposed to through snail-mail? Then why charge me a $5 transaction fee? DUMB!
Yo #swsea11! Everyone ready for demos? You all calm & collected? ;)
my brother is so damn annoying.
Yes we can put on the list, what is your full name and how many?
has anyone made some GREAT New Years Resolutions? please share!
Been on this money marathon come run a Lap with ya boy...
#StepsToSurviveAHorrorMovie Don't hide in a closet, psychos like Michael Myers will always find you there. Dumbasses
Did someone say spring pizza picnic? Small specialty pizzas only $8.99. Over 20 to pick from! (carry-out, dine-in, delivery) (3/28-29/2012)
I can't find a good group for horde... Always fall apart around wave 10
Watching The Voice hoping mine returns soon...one week into this cold and it doesn't want to let go of me!
if you were offered the cover of Madden would you take it?
The FMLA applies to organizations with 50 or more employees
Good day today
First Tecmo action since #TecmoVIII. Just got my ass handed to me in an Oilers/Raiders matchup. Riki Ellison owes me a personal apology.
I hear ya...me too
Senate adjourned and will hold pro forma sessions until February 27.
u know I stop trusting u when u did u know what to u know who. Haha
“: Feels good to be home! Time to win” light fools up WoodShead !!
I hope your dreams stay big, your worries stay small, and you never have to carry more than you can hold.
Chase e-banking > Ebanks
my coworker 4got about me when i thought she was gon get some chinese food.
Happy early birthdayy I wishh we could spend every birthday together!!!
thanks hon:)
I dnt deserve u I dnt wanna hurt u dnt let me get yo way still ma shit Lloyd banks LOL
But it would never happen otherwise I love you!!
Congrats on your board win!
Okay, enough with the gloom. Uncle!
Eat, Drink, Dance, and have a great Experience always making everyone feel so special !
I have to get a better twitter app for the iPhone.
thank you :-)
MIDNIGHT IN PARIS is a trifle, but as a die-hard Woody fan, still glad about its Best Screenplay victory! Go Woody!
I am more or less exactly like her in that regard. :)
Would you like a week of free smoothies and let me tell you about w/ ?
RIP Jack Horkeimer, The Star Hustler. Epitaph: Keep Looking Up was my life's admonition, I can do little else in my present position.
mitt romney says "President Obama is spending too much" BECAUSE he wants even MORE Cut Taxes for WEALTHY & Corporations. Re-Elect Obama!!
So harsh on McFly. It's just a movie chaps. Not real life. RT: “: Marty still SUCKS.”
Hope I leave this dealership with a car
#HappyFathersDay - Treat dad to a tan!
Cheering on our Penn Alumni at the #PennAW Quaker Trot @ Penn Park
clown ass niggas aint never on shit thats y i cant take them serious
Whenever I see someone getting bullied I stand up for them . It just breaks my heart to know how horrible people can be </3
BRONCHITIS SUCKS SO BAD!!!!!!!!!!! i need to get better. and soon.
It was Rory Cavaille who blocked it. And it was in 2009.
Whew! #MobileMe back in operation after 10-min outage. Sorry to press the button so quickly, but this is not the first time it's scared me.
Sometimes I really hate how shy I am and how much I care about other people's opinions of me. I want to by carefree & not care what anyone..
it sucks having no one to talk to..
PTL for an amazing #INCgiving event - tune in, INCMEDIA.org! And now, amazing post-shoot meal ! w/ Cruz & Buenavistas
Wow, claiming that Basiji are the ones that have been killed? Khamenei killed any chance he had of stopping the protests.
Neither can I! RT Just signed up for Dec, can't wait!
I gave +K about Red Bull on
I think maybe you've been spammed?
you think you know it all but you don't!!!!
#Stolls, The Ninth Wife. Everyone has baggage, right? Brilliant nuanced & burlesque examination of life choices that make sense at the time.
Been really busy & happy about it!
Headed to NY to meet with CNN tomorrow
Good Morning Tasha! Just letting you know that class Twitter accounts are now in Blackboard for our #WorkplaceTechnology class
nothing happens with I click posts tweets to Facebook in my profile
ITNS - .059 to $2? Merely testing to see if it's hype or the genuine article.
Ok ok 103 degree heat index, you win! Our new treadmill has been ordered.
Must remember: RT if you can't change it or fix it or influence it in any way, you have to let it go. Let it go. And breathe
when the bats are alive - this team is dangerous!
It was once said that "Politics & Solutions have little to do with 1 another. Solutions are about solving the problem, not taking sides.".
I REMEMBER THAT TOO. And in reality I had just made it.
Happy Monday Folks! Wanna stop in and say hi? Bring your frames too!
Appreciate it. Ha, I'd just like NHL to have more nation-wide appeal. I too am sick of Ovi vs. Sid & Detroit vs the world.
thx for the shout out. Funny thing, FactCheck is actually my middle name. Its Ukrainian. Means One who prances in tutu whilst drunk.
Why does that sound so funny?!! "youre mean!"
how long are you and gonna leave Texas? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
help for the 2011 #stuffabus 3 locations #canton #royaloak & #ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys
Taiwan for vacation?
good morning
no i wish! but its on demand for free :)
Tonight is the 10:50pm pst premiere for the music video CAUGHT finally!www.ustream.tv
Haha. Unfortunately, so many people drink it that it's nearly impossible to cut out entirely. We just have to do our best
Another snow storm, another perfectly good velour tracksuit RUINED.
could we please interview you guys? (:
Think I'm gonna rent a car tomorrow and explore Denver... I know Colorado is beautiful and I'm tired of not experiencing it.
they got my boy kobe
Dear Girls , Guys Should Put Yoou Before Anything Or Anyone . Becuss Love Is What You're Willing To Give Up .
sold, great record
Last set at the gym I throw on Mercy halfway thru Ye's verse so that the "2 chaiiiinz!" yell gets me through the last push lmao
Speak God's Word today to whatever mountain you are facing and watch it crumble away! (Mathew 17:20)
FYI pee doesn't come out of labia, or vaginas. Thought you might be interested to know that. love your speedo.
Who do u think will be the next miss Venezuela??
Ralph Friedgen: "Well, it’s not painful because I watch it for the kids. I could care less about Maryland. I’ve burned my diploma."
the best way to work with faculty in professional advising? SHARE...
Then Omarion...Now she's an Omarion fan! Hilarious!
We look forward to seeing your design at our Bedmaking event next week!
Yall go out to writers block 2 nite...some of n.o finest!!!
Would u rather have a nice wholesome boring but loyal mate or a straight up exciting freak in ur life?
I will tweet daily on the " #Chain Challenge " ... Anyone else want in... Then I am calling you out... Continued next tweet
lol he don't want none
Wishing were up. I need somebody to talk to. :/
Hmm. Don't recall discussing headphones with you.
LOL ":The Pepsi commercials are so...erotic.Sorry,I rarely drink sodas.Is the missing ingredients of Viagra inside those cans?"
Step 1: Don't go to Vegas. Do you see what I did there? DUCWIDT?
And there's the only reason I don't count the Pens out completely ... Bryzgalov!
Hell of a contrast - Fleming's perfect diction, Chandler sounding like he's about to crawl under the table
Watching a movie with my nephew.
Lord Byron=bada$$ the might of the gentile, unsmote by the sword, hath melted like snow in the face of the lord. Know your role. Peoples
Well, love is confusing at all ages, but especially when you're 17.
I think I can guess who you'd like to light on fire
Happy Friday! We will B open 4 lnch 2morrow at 11:30. Join the Garden Walk .
PLEASE HELP PUT JOSEPH KONY AWAY TO PRISON FOR LIFE FOR HIS CRIMES!!
Wonderful and Brown received award from us at the International Association of Official Human Rights Agencies in Mobile
For some reason I just thought of peanut butter with extra peanut butter #okay haha !:)
Where are the rain dancers?
lol.. You're like the only person that knows lol
Karluk Manor will open in November but ribbon-cutting ceremony held today for controversial housing project that allows homeless to drink
it will never be as bad as the worst case scenario that you can come up with. We're good at evil, but not THAT good
Employment relationships are based on mutual interest. At the end, there's no more mutual interest. Fascinating to see how that plays out.
True. It does spoil some of your fun.
striking against the 8 hour work day of all things!
I need a massage, stat!
I hate nba refs they never show denver love
Was just about to suggest the Grove. Want to meet in front of the Apple store? :)
Example: Old dude in sober is actually the aged black shadowy figure from Prison Sex, who grows old as the thing in schism
I am so ready for choir auditions :)
Taming the burrito with
I'm guessing it's just too mainstream for you, Victoria?
Hunger games seems to be The Lottery+In Time+Mad Max so I've pretty much seen it already.
I couldn't have asked for more
bout to take my dog out.
A beautiful day in Muncie! No better way to celebrate than chilling on the porch
I asked if the water was boiling...she says I don't know and gets ready to poke it=)
FA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA...
to open up the draft. Good start
I'm headed to no tights...I'll just drink more wine to make the chill go away.
Just a couple more minutes until we kick off #WOMMAchat. Calling all WOM-U attendees & social professionals, what topics are on your mind?
It's not to late to accomplish something today...if you've been productive there is still more to do!
My bf is going to kill me when he finds out how much I spent on clothes today....but I NEEDED them! :(((
Drama rules the world
“Who of you by worrying can add a single hour to his life?” - Matthew 6:27. God's got us, If God is for us who can be against us?
Motivate - Fortune favors the brave.
Boat shoes --- awkward or awesome?
I watched 5 minutes of the movie "semi-pro". I had to shut it off. It hit too close to home.
You know you're a swinger when... You are wearing wristbands in most of your vacation photos.
Buh-bye, finals! See you in 2012, IUPUI students. Stay safe!
There we go... FLYING DEATH MACHINE TIME!!
your are to!
< suppose to be helping me clean up my Room,and he's just making it WORSE LOL......
Standing room only on airplanes...Rest stops closing in one state...and the annual running of the bulls..join us at 5!
LOL, i just bit my cup.
0500 waking up to go swim run pull up sit up and push up test
Thanks! I will definitely do that :)
My wedding shoes are beautiful
How was opening night of Assassins? Thanks for coming to celebrate with us at #RumpusRoom!
But openness makes a conversation, engages; openness wins (over concerns). Vital today to build community, excitement.
Sorry haven't been around much. Still think of my #bbnfam every day.
More than a half-trillion dollars already spent in this endeavor.
I hope every one has a lovely morning and a fantastic day!
Scratch, make that 4
no I love you Lauren
Pirates now in a 3-way tie for 3rd place.
Vampires are always sexy. I was into the original Dracula. Capes, flying, sucking on the neck. Very cool.
School teachers help make America better tomorrow. Unsung heroes. Thank you teachers for your work and dedication. Thank you.
listening to Nine Days and ripping apart four months of work. surprisingly early-2000's and invigorating.
Under certain circumstances, the federal government will cancel all or part of an educational loan. This practice is called Loan Forgiveness
Music Update: "The HookLess Tape" is 55% percent complete.... That is all.
How's that new #Blackberry with the touch screen ??? Mention me!!
Beautiful la day!!!!!
Oh me too! I <U+2764> bananas & miss them terribly... Even more than a cupcake!! OMG... Did I actually say that? Hahaha!
Enjoying the another day on Earth with a wonderful Fiance, and a nice GRAND TINEL 2007 HERES CHATEAUNEUF DU PAPE....loving life.
haha yup that's him, his wife and son. tweeted a picture with them at the show.
And then some.
Are you a blackberry user??? Add me for BBM: 3213ECBC
I just wonder if "today's" guys will do the same thing 20 years down the line...
OH NO! Thanks for giving them to a friend though! You did give them, right?
Follow and he will kiss you ;)
I'm still hungover... At my brothers stealing his beer
Men, here's a skill you must learn. Amuse me. I want to help, and even if I've said it a few times, amuse me by saying, "okay, will do!".
Happy Monday tweeps! Do we all have dental appointments to get the most out of our insurance? Time is running out!
when you coming to Miami? Lmao
oh that
Manulife Financial Hires 20-Year Veteran of Asia&#39;s Financial Services Sector, Steve Roder, as Chief Financial Officer
Did you know we offer Deep Heat Muscle Therapy? It’s just one of the choices you can add to your weekly massage therapy session.
Will somebody tweet me I'm super bored
hold on hold on I did ?
o lol I got ya
free #socialmedia lesson: don't respond to the haters.
Great news: Today we've launched , , , and We're working it statewide!
There are moments in ones life that are cherished. One of those moments just happened. Life, art, culture, community is a wonderful thing.
RT : I'm in my underwear&knee high black socks Once we've occupied twitter, every1 converge on their local piggly wiggly
Graded blogs for 2 classes & sent come-to-Jesus emails to 3 students before 6 a.m. Waking at four w/ a caffeine headache has its advantages
When I was 12, I taught myself basic architecture drafting so I could create my own hobbit home
Lining up the 70's prog rock on earphones and knocking out work.
Pres. Nixon who died on this day in 1994 appointed Wm. Rehnquist to Supreme Ct. Rehnquist had never been a judge before his appointment.
Happy Birthday Twitter!
lol, I will, I'll be back next sunday for a booking
Trust me the thought crossed my mind... and Troy's. Miss it so much here. FL will always be our home (even tho OH born)
it's awful! Almost every shirt I buy looks so awkward!
sorry I missed talking to you tonight!
Good stuff. Learning how screen readers get information from a page from
Are you ok? Do you need help?
my fave pharmacist <U+2665>
That awkward moment when you see somebody and you try not to look at them but they are looking at you
Thanks Emma! Yes, I'm on DisBoards too! Addicted to the food pictures on there:) Have a magical day!!
gay for pussy is better than not gay at all.
What's worse: a hoarder house, a garbage house, or a heroine house?
i honked at you :p
I'm glad one of us finds that funny lol
we posted the same thing. LOL
u asked lol
I Ball Hard All Year Nigga!
Be inspired by the rain. Write a song. Work me into it.
Doesn't make you a dork, makes you good at what you do!
lol marking out
No problem! And, FedEx didn't come yet so I still get my package today! :D
heey! How are you!? :D
Smooth Jazz at it's Best! Great Album! God's Speed with your Music..
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!11
Great July 4th weekend with friends and family.
Wen are u on fire? RT Boozer: "I just missed shots. Some nights are like that. Some nights you’re on fire. Some nights you’re not."
# 5 Megan Fox
Corel User to User Web Board • View topic - Win DVD 11 Pro Freezes
sounds like the streets of Allston!
you don't only live once? I use to be a frog..... <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B8>
My friend was telling me about his one time sleep paralysis. Shit is scary!
Its about to be a light skinned throw down between caramel n the living glow worm
Done! This is about to get really interesting. Cheers ;-)
Go I'm having a gr8t time at your luncheon. Hope I win some silent auction items. I went wild!!
what's your favorite fruit? any that you can't eat? #askjae ....I'm not too late am I ?
#bones does not like us
Oh, brilliant!
just standing around waiting to see what im gonna be doing today @ wrk. thank god i get paid by the hour. today should be fun though.
against the Twins. I may able to no hit them
I need ta let this nigga go cuz he gon make me beat his ass
Hey you're looking pretty cute tonight<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
a great spot is Wednesday nights &Spirits w/ Lovely...
did u see the pics I posted on FB from my trip
Sign up for a membership and get 15% off any bottle of lotion plus a FREE pair of goggles and 2 FREE upgrades!!
what do you play for in the band?
I need a good laugh #Dr Phil and #TO wonder if its on you tube
I remember that I was playing. I think I've messed with you like that before. Lol sorry if you thought I was serious.
does anyone think there should be a satc 3???
OK srsly teenage girls, if some old dude wants to be your boyfriend or modeling agent, do not be surprised when he turns out to be a pimp!
loving the new album already! I've been jamming all morning! Two Black Cadillacs & Blown Away steal the show!!
#MyThoughtsAtSchool "I wonder if , , or is tweeting while I'm stuck in this hell whole?
not happening anymore but kept getting but back to lvl65 4th after a couple days of playing even though I lvled up???
“ I go big! Much love :) #SKCnation #raaaaa” is that a fat joke?;-)
Your twitter profile picture is so 2003. Oh wait, shit, so is mine.
--- what about Facebook. RT!
yeah one I these days I am just going to put it into the cart myself!
Ya know got to be relaxed sometimes :D
Linh Dinh *hates* the internet. Just like Prince!
obv this is a Romeo selection.
F%#K U BETTA
Good! It will work out, I'm sure:)
Why? April 4, 1968 is a date to live by...
often times you can be a year away from graduation and still qualify for those (part 2)
No prob... “ thank you love!”
yes, exactly the reaction I wanted ! “: wow...”
could I buy some pot from you?
And lotion. Do not put my expense Dermalogic on your ashy feet!
Do you fly for The Hoppers out of UGN?
Found a snickers on the floor of my car. Wrapper fully intact.
Yes. First world problem.
Im in calf
Wednesdays at Salute. Live Jazz and $8 martinis. $8 East Superior. mention the tweet to get 10% off
im so happy i got the #neversaynever3d ! :)
i'd like to volunteer to help on the next van halen video, why the heck are so many shots out of synch with the vocals?
Congrats from your friends
imma come watch a game or 2 i promise
break a reed, cack a note... Wish I could be there. Got worky assignments. Oy.
#FF to EVERYONE. Why? Cuz you're all GOLD.
Bold prediction for 2012: an investigation will be conducted, and then the results will be swept under the rug.
#delangeconf8: How does the scholarly communication system support or inhibit global collaboration? What role might open access play?
As artful a caption as in Season of Mists or The Wake. The 200 words I added to my Sweeper and lost are unworthy.
awesome! Docent come on here until 2:30 damn!
Go Blue!!!
follow -> she follows bck :P
At the next SF #Giants throwback game, Brian "The Beard" Wilson should come out in a bullpen car.
I swear i can open my mind to lots of things but not those big stupid glasses. I want to spaz on the floor yelling www
...then don't transform into a hairy, fanged beast of legend and date my daughter and everything will be fine, right?!
Also interesting to note the way you resort to machismo. Fail.
going to sleep! goodnight everyone! x
Sure did. Designed the mobile app. You know Kevin?
3 hours till REVO San Diego!
I think they always suspected it...
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY MAMA, WE <3 YOU What did Austin Do for You ? (:
WARNING: RICKI ESCAPED AND IS HEADED WEST ON 290...on foot. SHE IS CONSIDERED ARMED AND EXTREMELY HUNGRY.
uses me as a regular resource in the science behind an application of play
RT : Never let an #Aries read your mind. Once you're predictable, you're history.
"Roe v. Wade was Jim Crowe right?" - Aswin John
I'll make time for you! You know this!
Join us tonight at Tomcats West for a night of epic auditory enjoyment! Your ears will ring with wonderment! At the least you'll have fun!
"Sports Fact: when the Chicago Cubs start 1-0 or 0-1 they have gone on to not win a World Series for the past 103 years."
ooh! Could you send me the info?!
Got me a number lol
Love is the self-delusion we manufacture to justify the trouble we take to have sex
Ight I need a Clippers W
how u kno
Happy test driving! I love mid-sized SUVs.
So Heat fans are gonna defuse their salt by talking about The Lakers hahahahahaha
#kids Charlotte's Web at Artisan Center Theater, Sat, May 19 10:00a: All the enchanting characters are here in this beautiful, knowing...
Progress is a process don't limit yourself. Your achievements have no boundaries.
"When it's all said and done...I'll be the one on top."
Exactly! RT : Never mistake opinion for fact.
what have you been up to?
hopefully soon
"Midnight In Paris" US ticket sales now at $50.7 million.
Done! RT : Follow for good info on energy management from
no problem! please check out our music video www.youtube.com/socontagioustv
Glad to follow you
Happy Tuesday to all our followers! Yes or No...Are you wishing for a #jewelry gift this year?#Phoenix #Paradise Valley Mall
That. was. fucking. nuts.
It has been a very long day. I'm just ready to get home, shower, and pass out.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>you couldn't handle me anyway! <U+270C>
Oof, after a long weekend in a retirement community I'm not ready for trivia to last an hour and a half beyond the scheduled end.
Lokking forward to the Jets season. RT Writing Mets preview for Grantland. What are some synonyms for despair?
How can all the classes be almost full <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> fml having a bad day
GOTPL8S Thanks for the follow!
check out The Language of School Design-Design Patterns 4 21st Century schls- We r designing STEM build+center4counity
Stunting like my daddy.
#TYE Great questions and thanks for judging! I'm glad I didn't have to answer them!
What do you think about the latest trend in personalized jewelry of name necklaces? Would love your feedback!
im shaking from just how upset i am. but ill probably be able to write another song. (: one of those down side to up side things i guess.
some damn fun...all work and no play
great paneling with you today
Great day to compose new songs,follow me i follow you,as soon my limit goes down,Need Likes and Friends on Fb.Paul Borges music.God bless.
Come on Badger fans! Oregon Helmets is trending! What is that about? Rose Bowl! Rose Bowl! Go Badgers! Go Bucky! Go Red! Let's party!
Happy Valentines Day guise<333
Me and you are going to have serious words tomorrow boy! <3
New karaoke contest with an escalating jackpot being announced soon !
Or, nothing wrong with sinking your teeth into some juicy vampiro! ;)
I want for the future of my country to be open to the world- Mrs. Jehan Sadat
hi billy, saw your tweet - check us out! we only work with higher ed. our mobile site works well on Android for time/task entry
needs to come to Memphis or Little Rock sometime!! Everyone would be too excited
Meet Maestro at ASTD International. See mobile magic in person at booth 1714.
why do I feel like that's going to be me in 25 years?
I love This Holiday (: ! My Favorite Two Words to Say is Mindless Behavior and PRODIGY ! (: Ah ! They make me go So Stupid Mindless .
Good Morning Gulu!
He wasn't a bartender; he was a mixologist. How it was that I couldn't see the difference was baffling to him. As he explained, there's a
portfolio reviews. 6 cities in 10 days.
Sleep or get ready for this test.....
What's wrong, sissy?
why not both? 1 class tourney over Christmas break, 4 class at end of season.
I like all of the high scores for this week. Everyone has a little confidence in Jack. I hope he can pull it off.
At the start of the 3rd novel in the PIcador book, Some Hope, St. Aubyn seems to have lost some of his prose-mojo (prose-jo? promojo?).
Ew she LLN-ed haha “: haha im sorry, harry told me not to tell anyone! LLN get on oovoo or txt me when you can boo”
$25 for a Family Four Pack at Incredible Pizza includes 4 buffets, 4 beverages & 4 game cards www.mydailydeals.com
I wish you could post the recipe looks yummy!!
is following me. Brb...
Rather than save a few under-privileged teaching faculty, would rather promote universal sustainable open access
Do you run faster? Feet feel better? Feel more natural?
good i guess orthodontist in a little.... how your day??
I'm my own problem. I think... ugh.
In love with the wolf was not a predator ...
LOL I'm watching SNL right now (:
I am addicted to NBA Jam for iPad
Agreed. But maybe they are just messing with you because it's a stupid question to ask a real creative.
time to fire up.
RT i think im getting better with my iPhone
New Ladies Tank Tops Available @ www.SnoClothing.com
the internet has everything...
Has anyone upgraded to Lightroom 4 via the App Store? Did it go well?
lmaooooo then u have to decide whether to fish it out right away, or wait a few seconds????
Tonight's Empirical meeting agenda: euchre, pizza, and some beer from (Moloko) and (Mokah)
yeah thousands of people!
You can get hepatitis by walking barefoot on a beach.
My sister () gets the world...
WORK IN THE FIELD OF ENTERTAINMENT and IMAGE BUILDING no cost 2u motivated people 5 to 10,000 monthly
y'all are going this weekend? If you feel like getting a little deeper into LA, we'll be hanging out in the French Quarter.
Next week is the Texas Prize Members' Preview! We love our sponsors: & Word of Mouth Catering!
I am in need of someone to do a concept drawing of a spaceship. Where does one get such a thing?
HAIL SOUTHERN!
just sent in abundance :)
To be overcome by the fragrance of flowers is a delectable form of defeat. ~Beverly Nichols
We are open until 8 every night this week! Dont let the snow keep you away!
Ha ha. No, I wouldn't think swimming with sharks would be boring.
my highlights said they were golden, they made me really blonde Not golden #wtf ?
I give up trying to figure people out. Why are so many so fucking cra cra!?
BRO ! My mom and dad said yes ! :D
Geeze!! I had an awesome day!! Thanks son for the steak dinner.. You REALLY showed me how it's done!! LOL!!
I have no comments about gay marriage except keep it from me and do it away from me. That's your business but don't make it mine.
jason we love you so much!! Get on more often if you have time! Please follow me, your my biggest inspiration in dance!
: 9 Deadly Start-Up Sins from The Start-Up Owner's Manual://t.co/YQ4omBor
You're welcome!
Still working through the Outlander series #fridayreads Currently a quarter of the way through Breath of Snow and Ashes
Did you make it home okay, or have you been buried alive by bargain cookware?
There is no picture, open your eyes. -_-
When driving use a turn signal I ain't God & u ain't Jesus Christ. So I dont what u going 2 do
I know lol
quality final posession there Dwayne. or Duane.
I just finished a 2.01 mi run with a time of 22:23 with Nike+ GPS.
There's a want there's a need .. There's a history between
What do you like most about #car2go #SanDiego? When do you use it? What would you like to see changed? Let us know- we want to hear from YOU
haha...if it makes you feel good...! youre weird
haha I ate the chicken but wasnt really up for the 90% excess wrap portion of the meal
“: Feeling grateful I live in a city where I can attend a great event like #PDXDMC > That's what we hoped for!
Happy Sunday Morning! Go pamper a Mom today!
Today will be a good day.... Besides this gloomy rainy day.
Seriously, good for you. I just have one out so far, slow going, I know there's an audience, I'm still looking for it
Countdown to lunch 3...2...1. who's ready ? We got Smoked Prime Rib all Day !!
Like Marvin Gaye said... Today is the day to get your Sonic on! Sonic #Baltimore 8212 Liberty Rd @ Rolling Rd. -Exit 18 off 695
Too many celeb spottings to tweet but will say Reece Witherspoon looked amazing an was tres sweet
Sometimes the #answer is so simple you overlook the #obvious. SeanLetwat
I think with genre blending the definitions will get more and more loosie-goosie.
I hope the creepy guy doesn't come out
Booing repeal of DADT
In Wausau going to a wedding reception. Go badgers.
Happy new year!!
Totally agree. I happen to think its a little more special here in PDX, but I could be described as biased. :)
TONIGHT in Fulton 230 at 5PM Evelyn Murphy will be speaking on "Negotiating the Workplace and the Economy"...Come check it out!!!
only if you got that slip & tight ..
send us your music as well
Thanks Jim!
let's figure out a day/time that works. you can come see the collection,get a tour and you can browse all you want!
Mill goin ham on
New faces/avatars always welcome in #meded chat. Be here and be yourself.
Last #Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh, Toshiba Satellite L305 DC Jack Replacement
U2 Live Crew
Just arrived to listen to Texas Renegade play. Yeehaw!
Is an inactivist a thing? Because I think I am that.
hey i just met you...
Writing a new song
Hearing . . . Right now!
hi! They have me trying to do a story on your sister today---do you know if she's around?
Advance greetings to everyone. Happy New Year planet Earth! =)
Hahahahaha love ya Jess :)
My cousin left her boys with me this morning & I was knocked out the whole time. My bad! Lol
Follow backk? :D
I am interviewing comic actor Pauly Shore this week. What should I ask him?
I need to meet a NYC chick... And a ATL chick & a 504 chick.
I've never see the untalented leave on their own. More times they're talent is one of manipulation and credit stealing.
Does anyone remember those Crazy Eddie #commercials from back in the day? They were great. Hard for companies like that to #compete anymore.
How to Improve Your Marketing Conversion Using HubSpot
x-ray. I've been waiting ever since I was a kid and disappointed by the ones I ordered from a comic book.
I see myself as a girl but people see me as a TOMBOY
Just got my new camera! Can't wait to try it out :-)
sweet hashtag bro
Liquid cookies with lmao. Tea or coffee?
Yes and so appreciated Leslie! RT : Hi Wayne, VERTICAL has promoted #TheChihulyCollection 4 ages.
lol My mans lost all his cool points for that movie.
b the guy who gets twice as much done in 45 minutes than the guy who "works" for 1.5 hrs. in the gym.
When I said trade I think I meant out of the first round.
A5: "You're not doing it right"?
thanks for the RT Pam!
Just a few followers from 1500!
haha Me to we did it at some random gas station haha
2 tests on friday = not doin a darn thing on Sunday.
Ok, this #SF thunder and lightning is cray cray. My margarita is scared!
it's my only threat
Nah, it's not its fault !
I thought that place was an urban legend.
Hacked by this fool
Thank you for the RT CADL!
5 minutes late usually means 15 minutes late
RIP #Don Cornelius. Soul Train was a great show.
So your purpose is what you say it is. Your mission is the mission you give yourself. Your life will be what you create it, as and no one w…
He's a golfer
Made it to Phoenix Arizona!! Bout to sip on a cpl of Coronas! Rockin out Roberta Flack next cpl of days....lets go!
channeling my inner "Little Engine that Could" today
My heart is breaking watching kids in my community mourn a friend. Please pray for students at Sandburg and family/friends of Ryan
Recently introduced my best friend to your music and she loves it! & she's not even into bands, that says a lot! =)
today brunch special sweet potato bisquits topped with sausage gravy served with 2 eggs any style.
I'm so excited about this fight card! When are tickets going to be on sale?
If I were running a bank robbery, my go-to phrase would be: "Okay, this will only take a second..."
Who in da hell told to change Avi. My TL fucked up now!!! Change it back damit!
yes! Email us at jacqueline
Oh, I get it! I was mistaking the barbed wire for Auschwitz and confused by cacti. It's an immigration joke. Duh
Damnit every perfect fall day that goes by I'm wishing we were doing this!!
This is my last resoooooorttttt!
How interested are others in with 's point about impatience, and the benefits of sharing and discussing ideas sooner?
Last year at this time, the Brewers were 16-21, just like now. They also went on to win 13 of their next 16.
“: Now that your guy is Indie, I may have to vote for him. : )”
same here!
#moviechatters lets make this the hottest new trend on twitter just tell the world about your favorite
Have you called to book your fun party cruise! Have questions call us 305-816-2008 Discount Code: GloStar~
I need a smart girl with a dumb bootay!
thank you all for following, it is very much appreciated!!
Love that score and the movie. Both are in my top 10 of last year.
Waking to my wife philosophizing.
Love this!!!!! And I can't wait to see your "I <3 the Oxford comma" t-shirt.
Eek. Not doing so good at Script Frenzy. At 50 pages now, so I have to write at least 11 pages a day for the rest of the month.
She left the room I didn't turn off MLP. Is that bad?
someone else doesn't have a life either
and we all reAdy beat them week 6! No your facts!!!
sounds fun.. and it pays the heel bill!
Ventriloquists are among the highest-paid entertainers in the country.
Does anybody have a ZipCar card I can borrow? Mine doesn't arrive in the mail until next week -_-.
nice! Have you considered working up a journal article on your project? A real derth of studies on community reads...
Anyone else think the jelena statue is a bit too far?....
don't expect respect if you don't respect your self
"Be your own best friend and don't forget to wink at yourself ever now and then." -Diane von Furstenberg
Panel highlights via : & and the value of cookies, pirate's gold & going beyond mayors and badges.
Awesome!! Looks great too!!
Post-menopause cancer risk linked to seaweed: study - ABS CBN News
At Al Forno Ferruzza on Alberta for fundraiser for dental student mission to Mexico. Pizza, yum!
you got the idea!
hey hey! sorry to cut you off during the Scarface screening! Wish we could've connected afterwards.
where and why?! And when?!
Good Morning :-)
Who's that guy?? #lukewho?
oh so gross. I thought my biggest problem was just picking oh the stray hairs.
Glad to hear you enjoyed! Thanks for ordering RT “: excellent service from tonite!!”
Sweetie, next time you should sign out of your Twitter in the Bears Den..This time I'll do it for you #youarewelcome -A kind stranger
Storms keeping you in? You can still have dinner for two: “: Supposed to storm tonight til late. Get your orders in now!”
ooh, outside! Sometimes I forget that exists! Also, cute hat! :)
Come in and celebrate Fat Tuesday at the brewpub! We will let the good times roll with good food and great beers!
For every min they delay this Medicare-SS trustee press conf, another dozen baby boomers turns 65
Thank you! One good thing is that I'm getting rid of a lot of stuff. I love getting rid of stuff :)
"Aesthetics happen." -Porter Arneill
Check out Pres. Obama live now on #CSPAN at the Correspondents Dinner
And the #DCIrene fun has begun! Rain wind rain and only 24 or so more hours to go! Yeah.
that's cool I go there now. Why'd you move
Of course I want one!!!
Why am I having for my Easter meal you might ask? Well... It's Wendy's.
omfg this customer just kept talking about diarrhea wtf
yes! His actions come from a long line of racist figurings of black boys as inherently violent & criminal.
Excellence uh yeah right ever tried supporting yourself it can be a bitch but it just something we have to do
you were AWESOME last night, thanks for the encouragement & words of wisdom on music placement in the wild world of trailers!!
Havin fun in Memphis with Got some BBQ and the blues baby!!
Playing chess with my little bro
NIALL HORAN I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
Full of emotions this week...cousin Joe Garcia, you will be missed by so many. You are free!!!
if dreaming is free why does it cost so much to reach
About to start another 7 day stretcher...ayayay
thanks Molly! Looking forward to tweeting up a storm with you!
NY reporting: Gov. Cuomo "reforming" schs by cutting budget (2% cap), bashing teachers, hi-stakes tests req. for $ - A Dem!?
What do you want to learn? Brushing up on some Java basics wouldn't hurt and you can do anything with that.
- It's a great feeling to find ones u admire on Twitter. Took some searching but I was so glad to find both of you:)
Nothing like a horse that is named about drinking to win the derby in front of so many Kentucky drunks
The season of rain is coming, do u need a roof repair, or a new roof. 305-232-3344
praying for you today and that it doesn't rain. Congrats!
I'm sitting here clueless.
chris you're welcome here if you have to evac
Everyday i wanna pick up the phone and tell you that your everything, i need and more.
You may also like Facts Machine.
oh hush quentin u can't tell me that it doesn't look good? Lol
this is so good!! cant wait to see what happens next!
On the coach bus! Sitting next to fangirlinggg;) six flags here we come
You gotta do more vids man! Some of your info is old.
What’s YOUR favorite Sinatra lyric?
cant wait till saturday
Quote on my green tea teabag: "If you have knowledge, let others light their candles in it." - Margaret Fuller
Since I like both, I'll help with the watching. :D
aww can you give me a ticket to LA?? ;) #GermanMahomie ..i LOVE #SaySomething so much..
Omg!!!!:) i think im in love with oreo cookies!!!:):)lol
good luck! We'll be at SXSW. If you're there, let us know. We're meeting with a lot of filmmakers to discuss Fanlaunch.
We're back from lunch at #nfais, Bill Zobrist from Pearson is talking about e-textbooks.
don't worry you still got it :)
Ooh wee its pouring down out there
wow. That pic brings back memories. It may be hard to imagine, but what you've got there is magic. Enjoy.
Without some goals and some efforts to reach it, no man can live
Endeavor to live so that when you die, even the undertaker will be sorry.
Checking out what the Loveless Cafe and the Music City has to offer.
sup check out my new group which came from zimbabwe africa and have got a chance to record a single in Los Angeles out in.jan
lol yea im good baby
"Vygotskian principle of double-stimulation." 1. Who names these things? 2. Am I really expected not to snicker?
#Imagine Austin: i'll call you tomorrow You: ok. (12:01am) *phone rings* You: hello ? Austin: hey, its tomorrow <U+2665>
happy Wednesday to you too!
Taking the ACTs today. It's too early. :/
Ah, heck! I gotta get my butt over there!
Prometheus trailer looks awesome
I think it's the extra interaction with Ygritte they've added. There's a corresponding increase in his youknownothing-ness
Yeah, we are upset, cause a mother lost her fucking child and we're humans and actually care. Unlike you, bitch.
I feel so fat I just ate a WHOLE jar of salsa............by myself
Not sure, best bet is probably to call
I over-think things.
Back in the classroom as an Ed Tech today...SMC game at 4...then I'd like to see everyone I know at $3 Dewey's. Thank God for this life!
Idk lo l
Wave your hands in the air like you just don't care, it's #FF!
Sipping on Kompot.
yea that's true after that pick he hasn't really been the same
RT : "Find freedom in the dark. There's freedom in the dark."
Do you think big? Change the game in a market. Create a whole new market. Transform an industry. Life's too short to solve small problems.
Fortune Cookies are so random.
duude! Me too! But I tried and you have to pay a service fee in order to get it! Gheey!
I'm on a plane!
the racquetball guy you mentioned was privileged, racquetball was a big deal then and still is...:-)
Worry often gives a small thing a big shadow - Swedish Proverb
"Play to Win Not to Participate, Positive Mindset is Not An Option but A MUST." by Aisha Joakim on the way to meet in Spain
I am looking for a Soundtrack for the trailer of My Movie. If you Know of a Songwriter or composer send an Email to Thx
ohh okay you go head and get some rest!!! :)
For those who have been reading my tweets, there was a mess up with the postings..just so you know, I do NOT have a daughter...
Undecided. Didn't love it. Didn't hate it. But I'll give it 3 episodes.
Tortas Frontera, complete with Matilda & Latin music, is really elevating the whole ORD experience.
You know he did just that. Mr. Lincoln appealed to "the better angels of our nature" in his fierce desire to avoid war.
oh! Thank you so much! :)
#NowFollowing cuz i like ya style
Go Preds! Life or death game 4 tonight!
YES!! Really! :) We got married at our church on March 31st!! :) thank you!
They just don't understand it was a reality show ! Not everyone is like that .
All that we are is a result of what we have thought – Buddha
lol srry if that was in ur mentions twice i noticed I had an error after the fact
Brewers try to infuse some offense by pinch hitting Robidoux for Sveum, but nothing doing. No hits in the 7th, 2-1 A's.
what is it?
Turn it on.
How are you feeling?
Is that Zhane you're getting it to this morning? :) Classic material!
doood, can you pick up a box of poptarts for tomorrow? Ill get a box, some soda, and candy.
you could've at least taken the bottle out of the brown paper bag
Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all that heavenly glory.
go with him! Keep him in check
My Dad has a new episode this morning w/ in on NBC Sports! KingSalmon fishing! Plus
Who dat! We are now doing advance screenings in New Orleans! First Texas, now other states. Next? The world!
Happy hour poppin
that last RT is the worst thing i ever retweeted. ever.
The Sig House would be glad to take a few off your hands!
iTs Rare To See A Fat Indian Person .
After lunch with yesterday, I must say it is disappointing that women at are crabs in a barrel. Uplift each other.
lol be safe silly. Later
lol Aw I'm good how u been?
Okay, when did parents stop walking with their kids to trick-or-treat on Halloween, only to take up driving behind them in cars?
Sorry, sorry, sorry - yes, my account was compromised. I got it from .
Thanks for the follow
just realized that I saved 90 dollars and 29 cents at jcpenney yesterday
What do you do when a paper is just awful? I mean really bad. Slave through & provide detailed review comments or just say that & score low?
Chipotle and Wrath of the Titans bound, hope everyone had a great day! Check out the links I posted, you'll be glad you did!
nevermind I lost anyway!
cool, FWIW my twitter client made me think you just sent that this morning. :P Let us know if you have any suggestions! :)
Yes, I think it is sincere. Her 15 minutes of fame is over, go away.
Can't believe they got us outside this long
what Scotch are you imbibing? I'm having Oban as I tweet this burning question.
I need a suit. Macys is having a sale. But if I can avoid them I will. Any advice on where/ what brands are good?
Identify/experience negative feelings/situations to let them pass through you as a vessel rather than avoiding/hanging on & being unhappy.
not that merchants didn't often ignore the rules, but still...
I'm still pumping out our top deals, blog posts, and contest info on (our new account). Follow
Where's all the single ladies at
The last tweet promoting was HOURS before the game was played!
Brilliantly creepy.
Standing in the void, dwelling in the possibility and trusting the highest and greatest vision for my life. #faith #nausea #honesty :-)
How have you been,best friend? You have no clue how much I miss you! D,,:
I got the all clear from my dr. #stdfreeFTW just in time for the launch this Saturday!
My wife is at #railsconf and just informed me that Roku runs Strophe.js. Sweet!
I swear I'm the biggest chicken ever.
“: every school but north hills is invited to the #RossMorganRager” Your not invited to the
I'm having trouble dating. Did you have any dating advice?
Sad... we have to bet money to see if we will talk.
Grown men on Vespa type scooters.
Thanks for following. Looking forward to your visit in the future :-) Enjoy the sun today.
ur amazing!! can i get a Hi or a follow plz? :)
#InMiddleSchool i hated washing the lunch table
Photo shoot was a huge success! Witnessed today one of the most breathtaking views in San Diego:)
My version of I Am Legend would be when I try to kill my computer mouse with d_con and it didnt work. PLease follow and retweet!
Feels like a pork-oriented novelty sandwich day. Can anyone make a recommendation?
Brilliant. RT : One of our favorite bartenders has created a new drink: adding whiskey to a mimosa.
Getting transferred to a store with a gym in the basement. Workout central!
You've been mentioned! I shared you as my favorite local pizza places for vegetarians and locals. Thanks for the good eats!
I have a suspicion that they were once called "burp-ups," after what you do once completing a few sets. Could be wrong.
"You'll be good enough." Costner
RT : RT : 128,000 U.S. libraries, 64 percent are the only source of free internet access in their communities...
it's been two days. i'm pretty sure you guys don't 'love' each other.
why you so cute?
Sup miss Canada!? TFTF, have a great weekend!!
Thank you! Come over!
A reminder, this witness is testifying in support of ending funding for cancer screenings at PP, not about abortion services.
Its alot of bad bitches in here amen,came in the game ballin J.Lin
Fantastic question! We need more groups like working to engage young people, and provide accurate information
Remember the #Love_Is series from #Charliebrown? how would you reply? Reply
this is for all my people back home. showing support.
missing was cancelled, too?
Some of my fb friends are wack
Yes, that's the EVL--but I don't know Jason Leigh. Should I? :) was the person who showed us around. Cool space/tools!
It'd be safer, to hate her. Than to love her, and lose her.
RT : All I can say is "Go for it!!" thanks bud! we have a COOL plan! #topsecret ;)
Cuz youre a jerk for doing that to him
Will Shale gas carbon footprint influence Roadmap 2050?
I pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
Fresh Vitamins at Westwood Village is now carrying kombucha w chia seeds - my new favorite drink!
"Multitasking: Now that is cool! > RT : Hello from LAX taxi cab #intdesignerchat going home #dbc2012"
Just show up on Mondays at Tacos & Taros. (I think we have you on our RSVP list) What can we do to help w/ ur biz?
When waves at me>
super hype i didnt get tha front seat n class tho
"have a lot of might" hahaha! Awesome!
Hi Can you follow me back?
Guys that say "Id hit that", never hit anything
hehehe. i think i love all of them. but bruce the most. :D
Today's gone by fast
This my 2nd time watchin this steve wilko shit.....this hoe having sex with her biologic dad, and is totally cool with it -_-
WOW!!! It was a great expo 2012..
The world needs to see you're a fucking joke.
Put your future in good hands – your own.....remember, nobody can do it as well as you can.......peace today and everyday :)
that would be really cute! How long have you guys been dating?
Soccer practice!:D
On the way to a bean bag toss tournament in Justin, TX. I can almost hear the fiddle callin and beer can crushin.
is contemplating "waiting on the line" for tickets to Shakespeare in the Park (Twelfth Night) - and by "waiting" she means over 12 hours. ;)
You are just a ray of sunshine during this press conference.... you might have to pull your shorts out from behind.
need to get a TV in your bedroom
RT : In case you are keeping score at home: TV two, 2012 presidential race zero.
I love you so much baby.. Yu so beautiful
I cant believe that some men think it's okay to hit a women. It's wrong.
Forgot to set the timer and sat down to look at the mss. Now I'm starting the day with a cup of tea like the LaBrea Tar Pits.
#FF to the awesome other members of exec team :
Don’t just post status messages or ads.. Publish content that people can truly relate to because they are real people.
Thanks for that. Google led me astray. Figured would have an active account. Now, I know where to follow :)
Lol this is wild
ypu are welcome! happy to help!
don't regret it though and it's def been an amazing week :)
yes I know a good wisconsin girl :)
I'm really disliking Facebook anymore ...
Boy, what would life be like for my phone without this otter box.
Dont Judge me . when you know NOTHING about me .
I watched a documentary today called just kick it, its about the homeless person world cup 2006, heard of it?
Try to lick your elbow :o Lol
how yall aint put me on a skit or sumthing!!!!
Meek Mill tape is nice to me.
i already think he's brilliant and I haven't seen anything yet. SUPER excited.
Has been fighting off a Migraine all day, and have ultimately lost. Need to get home to a dark room.
A set of awesome 700 goes to... !
Omg, was awesome last night! Thanks to all people who came partying with us.. without u will not be the same <3
Is this going to be over soon so you guys can get back to Rip City?
Take care, polar bear!
... yeah, give me a call. I left my contact info on your site.
I just did :) haha well I am back 2 this 1 well I have done it twice n 1 night wow :)
Ready to watch the Rangers! #Yu <U+26BE>
Looking forward to #Community tonight!
Loved in #otherdesertcities Thanks for the headsup that she is now on twitter!!
well the step by step donut making video that used Garamond font was made by a cat who dies in a fire at the end
#Thebulls just won! (amazing) now let's see what #dabears are gonna do.
Question about how many defendants psu is paying to support. Erickson says difficult to answer
You Must Not Want It If Your Sleep And You A Musician Grindin
School tomorrow :/
We're experiencing some technical difficulties. We're working on it & promise to be back by 10 am, or free lollipops for every1
I know. Just thought it was funny. You were the first person I thought of when I got my invite.
enjoy your food :)
Thanks ! I'll take a look. And thanks for the connection!
AND! A huge thanks to everyone loving messages. It was good to hear from everone!
what if jayz and 50 cent started a record label that would be some powerful shit
Timed mile swim. A little bit of lifting. Great sunrise. It's Friday!
Hope to see you soon back at Bud. Great night.
You're so concerned w/people being "intrusive." Those Sbux folks steal identities you know ;) And why are u eating fast food?
BTW, what was that you were fixing.. a light fixture?
Sake bombs are the devil
I need 4 tickets to the Packers vs Houston game on 10/14.. any help is appreciated : )
whos a fake?
Quick Rain Day Special: Wax Wednesday Kickin $10 off, come on in! =)
Nice! Looking forward to your Belt Brasil journal.
I wish when I liked a guy, we could just cut the bullshit.
iam going to watch tv
&& it happened again.
Sally's beauty supply always supplying my every need!!
going to bed soon. good night everyone!
Do or Die
Airborne was bought by DHL about 8 years ago #showingyourage you might refer to it as
I got wat u need
Snow on the west side has caused "Seattle Public Schools" to trend of twitter. They just can't handle the snow like #Spokane can :)
im gonna be so sad when the ep ends :'((
I had these installed all over the US a few years ago just in case. Glad you found it!
are we two big idiots... or the only sane ones???
They Say You Make Your Own crime, But Life Is A Crime As we speak. I Know The Best Of Both Worlds, But Will Shoot If You In The Way
I would not be able to function without coffee..
how about if I get one I will send a pic so you can virtually eat it! :D
Yeah things that usually add to matches tend to do nothing when Jay Lethal's in the ring.
Schennnnnn!! Congrats buddy
#DemianBichir is incredible - A Better Life
Mitt Romney claimed he pays a 15% tax rate last night. Most of us are paying twice that.
We're creating a new marketplace of services for self-publishers. Which name do you like better: Kooblish or Koobzilla?
my daughter's phone has gone missing and my nomophobia is about not being able to get in touch with her.
RT Even better! Don't forget Mouth of the south Jimmy Hart
you can, but you're just a hypocrite, but if you can admit that and be okay with that,..
Why are you reading Twitter when you could be watching #Avengers again? - DvL
After helping a singer prepare for an audition, I genuinely want to find out how it went. I’m sure other teachers & coaches agree.
Mitt completely leaves out Health Care when discussing his Massachusetts resume. Wonder why?
rare collector's item, thanks for the support!
I have seen a lot of people's true colors lately ...hm
~awesomeness of it :P
Derrick Thomas was way up there, and also sadly gone.
Thank you to the over 100 employers who attended our May 1st Private Sector Job Fair.
Its boring
What a great game! Someone is missing to watch it with me though.
the old scene kids turned into either hipsters, goths, or they're still being scene in a whole other level.
Munstah Cheez would be my rap name!
The bad news: I can't see shit. The good news: No retinopathy!
I want to get a bird and name it
At 1:14 p.m. my delivery order was confirmed. At 1:22 p.m. a yummy sandwich was in my hand. Thanks, !
haha waiting for your message my dude ! where you been at tho !!?!?
Seems like im the only one tweetin
#15peopleilove She's so nice to talk to and a great friend! also a great writer as well :)
I'm still a #celtics fan no matter what #CelticsNationBitch <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
I KNOW. I JUST SAW THAT EVENT PAGE AND I YELPED IN EXCITEMENT.
Zumanity™,The Sensual Side of Cirque du Soleil Get your prefered seats book at www.myvegaspeople.com
I haven't missed my husband's snoring - lol.
But normally I get tipped really nice if I take them as the LAST customer so I don't try to trip too hard.
More Flags-Seahawks game or the U.N.???
when you don't have 3 straight months off, then you can feel bad for yourself lol
#nw Robin Hood: Men in Tights
I'm not watching the game but from reading my TL I think LA not doing so good
Combine the two accounts together, and I'm not too far off;) Grats on 1k.
Followup to #sabres / #UNYTS tweet. Fans should be able to donate online and still get hat. . . .
Hi Billy, Bob James, from London England, met you early 90's noticed your name on ASCAP site, thought I'd say Hi, cheers mate
Leaving early tomorrow morning to California! This time is different, I will be doing on track training for the first time this year! :)
no problem & shureee ;)
Looked at the list, and I don't even listen to any of them let alone I don't even think I ever heard of them lol
I don't see the point of protecting tweets!
My week so far: SQUIRREL!
I'm bout to eat a bowl of cereal
Drunk people acting a fool <
Agreed. But if there is one standard and its successfully met, then idc what gender they are. Just my opinion.
Had a fun day with my mama but she's expensive lol
Every service I walk into, my expectation for God to move is always high. Chains broken, lives healed, eyes opened, Jesus revealed!
Trying to catch up and move ahead at the same time. Not succeeding at either.
Trip to Oneida in Green Bay - Monday, June 21 - 8 a.m. Departure from The Village at Manor Park - $52 per person - Call (414) 607-4186
Then you're half-way there!
omgosh yes! Way weird. But kinda cool too. And i have another horrifying id picture. Score
Nice start!
jist saying i need a ride.
Great season Coach, big things ahead for Lions with you calling shots. (We met at Haley's before US Open at Congressional)
now how bout a gme7?
Happy Fourth of July! What are you doing to celebrate?
IF ANYONE ASKS ME IF I HAVE A HICKIE TOMORROW. I WILL INDEED FLIP COMPLETE SHIT.
Keri hilson can we get some more music plz....not a fan of u but love ya music
Shoulda been 25 gms min, 5 does nothing 2 prevent it from happening again & shows no 1 can be above the rules
My basically family is coming over later today :D yay I miss them
taking dinner break after fun day of damage reports for moving co. and unpacking all the boxes I packed the last few weeks.
Tell her we love her <3
Rejoins la #TeamJ-sit :p
But that way serious researchers won't have to deal with all those plebes taking up space to check their Facebooks.
Dude, that almost looks like a prison photo. Very happy lookin' couple I might add.
Not as sorry as RT : I feel sorry 4 Chattanooga as this is not the time to visit Rupp & face an angry CATS TEAM..
There was a time when that was the reason I liked console gaming: no updates.
Wanting more.... Ill leave it all behind to go get it....
maybe you won panties?
Fair enough. It's hart to hate on a Marsh-wiggle
Thanks for the follow, Kellen. We love your Twitter handle BTW!
Team coverage of #Presidential visit only #ROC starting at Noon and updates on Twitter
Research and Markets: Adoption &amp; Child Welfare Services in the US - 2012 - Welfare on the Mend: Private Donations and ...
RICK DIED! and Elena, but that Doctor lady gave her Vampire blood, so Elena's a vampire now! Mat may be
it snowing
diagram for modeling a document: concentric circles of "document itself""associated information""genre""social ecology"
- scary for you - beautiful for us! You look #awesome w/that background!
hahahaha I lol'd so hard at this
Third period under way at MSG. It's a 1-1 game.
So true! I've only been food successful at opening reception and yesterday's networking lunch
“: Driver did a horrible job in qualifying car has been pretty good all day.”
where is this at??
Funnily I yell at my iPhone all the time. I just because I have higher expectations for it. When my Berry acts up, I just shrug.
happy birthday :)
"As far back as I can remember I've always wanted to be a gangster..."
no it's made of like red pipes
Too much crazy for one brain! Self- diagnosed maniac xD
life is good.
": Wow. RT : Biggest jump of world CO2 emissions ever" Y aren't massive volcano & wild fires included?!!!!
Heck yes!
Play is under review after that ball hit the right field wall.
Thanks for readnig!
Super Mystery Jackpot Song Clue: It's a country song. The pot is up to $105. Next show you can win is Tue at Vintage ( on Prospect) 10pm
I am looking for someone affordable who makes specialty cookies (i.e Wolfpack design and basketball design). Ideas?
Half sleeve it is.
The economic and political functions of relief-giving have not been clearly seen. #Piven and Cloward, 1971
I am now in possession of the One Ring...
When Thomas Aquinas lived in Christendom and in Islam there was enthusiasm for science, wide-eyed. Today we have difficulties.
what's wrong wit that
Has anyone found a good way to download the cables or access #wikileaks?
depends on how well we know each other. would be harder/more awkward to go separate ways if it wasnt going well.
Philly + Vick = much worse!
We just got a sneak peak and it's fab! RT finishing up a hand painted card design for a book project
Presenting this am at Int'l EI conference in San Antonio Texas. Building an Emotionally Intelligent Culture
Ok word
please don't. I don't wanna see anyone hurting themselves. Its not worth it.
does that almanac have the list of schools they are at?
My tv has been on mute for hours now. I like making up my own words. It's much more interesting
Wished I Would Have Stayed To Hear Preach Today,, #Sorry :(
Change is not only likely, it's inevitable. ~Barbara Sher
I never
Karen What are you referring to when you mention "Twitter PD"?
When your friend asks your best guy friend why he hasn't asked you out yet....and you find out from him #awkward! #extremelyawkward!
Massage time 8)
“: Today really should be Friday.” I completely agree!!
so windy out!
lol same here
The night has been revived..or the morning rather:)
In your opinion, does Seattle have a good chance at getting him??
Thanks for the RTs!
I'll hit u": lemme know when u want to make that happen"
not nearly. But it's day 2
Nuthin hurtz like the lie u didn't have to tell...FUCKER!!!!
It's Doris Day month on Which actresses today can fill a whole month with great movies?
Happy Birthday to one of ours:
lol what's good
Sesame Donuts have the best donuts and staff in the Portland area.
Is really hot , good day to hit the beach!
I think I speak for all the tdf freaks when i say: I hope you feel better soon! <U+E022> <U+E055>
Proud Directioner helping the boys get
I'm confused about if you are lying
What kind of dog poops in a moving car? My dog...
omg i hate o06 and park... this show is extra lame.. if i wanted 2 watch videos i jus go on youtube..
Something I never wanted to do: Parallel park a mini-van. Yet, today, I did it three times (its a rental). Superb maneuverability skills.
Home from my road trip -have come to conclusion that US is actually a big empty. Yea I said it EMPTY. There is no reason for houselessness.
did it come w/ chains, handcuffs and elaborate and horrifying escape options?
Follow me!Monter!
Now we're really finding out who the real football fans are. With the umpteenth pick in the #nfldraft, the....
Talking is good. Thanks Brodie Erin and Mom for helping me with the problems I have encoutered this semester in school.
Merry Christmas from our family to yours!!
Then email Your GIF/JPG Banner Or Text Link to be added to our site to
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "SINGLES...Schedule Conversation With Others."
Mrs. Rothschild class <<<<<
I don't ask for much..just cook me food!!:)
Homeless: Morrison Bridge drive-by was hate crime &targeted. What do police say? I'll have that on
Why don't you all fade away?
Wow, bummer! RT : DO NOT go 64 west thru town..jacked up from king on..garbage truck & power pole do not mix
next weekend after the "kru" pool party thingy
Scary, but important for a successful biz owner--> Aim BIG!
Feedback getting ridiculous I think we got something!!!
More to come We just getting started!!!
I miss when the Zaarly designers were Squaredeye...
you and me both Casper
RT : House GOP proposes cutting $75 billion from programs "directly benefiting the poor" to avoid military budget cuts...
wat is the code for?
woah crazy! :) are they still awesome?
Lessons from #vatorsplash - talk really fast, make uncool => cool, follow your customers, keep the core prod small, don't compete; innovate!
There aint no muh fuckin mayb, mikeys flows is hazardous to men women n babies
trying to dance to robyn with before i die.
Jus used mi bakpak as an ashtray....... Mi bad
Sometimes, you just gotta watch Yo Gabba Gabba so you can realize there's someone more weird than you.
Life runs a mile a minute. Learn to slow it down
Fun 4th website updating; vendor, runner apps will be available 2/1. Just checking out www.funfourthfestival.org will make you feel warmer!
what sins? i'm a beautiful black christian woman.
I like to at least jot on the back of someone's business card what we talked about or put a star for really good presentations
hey Nat ! Why doesn't Gismo have his twitter page anymore ?
Wore my black n silver chettah print jeans yesterday had ppl liken em a lot ;)
Just got to baptize two people. So stoked to be a part of the Kingdom of God
How many stitches is that?
LA are y'all ready for this pool party season ? Season 4 EXCLUSIVE - Private Location - Invite Only - Memorial Day 5/28
Creating session proposal on reading room access & security this month for #SAA12 if any folks are interested - dm me
I never stress
Listening to raw tracks from Brass Band's recording session. and both sound great.
thanks, I guess.
Mad i left my phone at home
no. i live in chicago. . i haven’t seen u yet. we miss u.
Good morning, and Happy Easter <3
If you believe im pretty sure you can acheive it .
I'm basically the best, is what you're saying.
Doctor time ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> freaking out
i stay up late every night, regret it every morning, then do it all over again smh. Just for her... ;)
the fat green fox hopped past the tired dog.
The word "swag" is overly used on all the wrong people and context smh .
ROOMS AVAILABLE TONIGHT! Come for Monday Madness.
I want to be older when I grow up.
Glee is so weird tonight
oh you a bad bad girl
If you were looking for a Greinke bunt there well yeah, NOPE.
Congrats to Jim Gibson (Houston) and Ken Hedrick (Tulsa) who co-brokered a $4.1M Social Security building in Indianapolis, IN!
#GayIsOk let people be. You can't help who you love. Don't put people on a lower standard based upon something they feel with their heart.
Hire outsourcers from the Philippines so you can work less & earn more with leverage.
will you be in Indianapolis anytime soon?
This weather is awesome! RT if you agree!!
OK, i'm a believer in climate change. 72 degrees in Louisville today (maybe tornadoes). 43 degrees 2morrow. snow on Wed.
You are too kind. I will say that every column is an adventure.
Honestly nothing can make me laugh more than That 70's Show, Family Guy, and
Mikey's future wifey <U+261F>
we emailed you guys!
I was about to say... Construction. Sounds hot! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> How'd it go?
Low voter turnout(around 35%) expected by on Tuesday. Let's change that.
Hey you seem crazy fun. Would love to talk to you on twitter!
NO! Titans get Wright.
Bleh. Almost got hit by cars...Oh well.
Glad to hear it!
Congrats to and for having the two best #SXSW trade show booths. Funny that they are both mobile case makers.
you're welcome. Always fun!
Just got tickets to my first ever EPL game vs Man City December 12th. Psyched.
good day spending time with the wife
An amazing job on the national anthem
Thanks to all Bricktown Shuttle riders for letting OKC Party Bus be your designated driver. Reserve your seat for next week at 405-447-2446
totally you too! Chat soon.
Movie Trailer for "Life At The Resort" coming soon!
Who doesn't love waking up at 445 am to catch a plane?
From Charlotte, North Carolina USA, but making my first trip to Deutschland this weekend for German Aerospace Day.
you mean Babes at Sea, right?
Double dose of boot camp &gym this a.m. Gr8 start to the day. Now for work and Madeleine Albright tonight. It's going to be an awesome day.
it was great meeting you. Thanks for the lovely conversation!
Life keeps asking so many questions Why.. so many questions
Don't be ashamed of who you are. Inside of you is a great gift. You just have to unwrap it.
Antibiotics, vicodine and lights out
All I wanna fucking do is hold you.
Looking for something to bake for a friend's birthday this weekend, so obviously I go over to 's Boozy Cupcakes pinterest board.
Oh! And mine! We rock.
Which ladies are voting for #shaq or #chuck lol
Thanks for following us :)
keep dunking kid, have no fear of going in!!!! you will be a great NBA player in the future!!!
I wanted so badly for John Carter to be good, but it was not. Tell me I'm wrong, .
Looks good on a resume. MT : Considered becoming a board member for ? Email for more info.
We love you guys! Got to meet ya all in Oakland! You guys tore it up that night! If you have a chance check us out! Cheers!
Thanks for all of the kind App Store reviews everyone! "It is one of the few addictive apps that's actually productive too." - Aaron_Smith
#welcometochicago the coupon capital of the world
That would be awesome :-)
Live for love. Without love, you don't live.
It should make you feel super special. Like a BBC book.
#TheWire makes everything better. I want to see the world through Omar's eyes.
Day from hell finally over!
can you help me park my car? #scrub haha
I like that "Dressy" is a subcategory of dresses I just saw on a Web site. Dressy dresses. (Your other option: "Casual".)
I feel like #TheVoice has been on for four hours
hii kelly look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
I'm good. Thanks tho
thanks for the shout out on our labels -- proud of ability to educate. passing on the props to John Gauntner
Come visit Kraft Tool show in Booth
Going to start posting some of my larger market sports plays. We'll see how it goes. Arizona State +14 +100 1 unit
omg hahahahaha. Im going to la in sep and oct to record drive to me.
Ok, I wont do nothing else... Smh
computer repair team : heading out to mira mesa to take care of a pending service request. laptop service.
NARP! But you know, it's your journey.
How was rootscamp? Did you feel other progressives understand education issues?
RT " I have never seen get as hype as he did at the fashion show. It was hella funny lol” I was on
just got even sexier. #CarlThomas is coming to chill for #MartiniTuesdays w/
#Facebook gives me alot of problems that I don't need
hes from pick central receiver 2nd best on the team but runs a 4.4 40 so he commits to osu but has yet to pass 2 if the ogt parts
Grandchild#9, a boy, born on the 4th of July.
I kind of knew knar was going to a school in Iowa last year!
Gosh, farmers all abustle, Lots of greens!! www.tinygreens.org and more!!
We need your help gettin Faison on board & recruiting a Trip out of Auburn to go to Africa next year
Out dancing tonight!! Good times!! Feet don't fail me now!
Oh no! I just noticed that my keyboard tray sounds like a goose honk when I lift my right hand. I wonder how long its done this.
Don't promise delivery date/time window and then overbook your route
Oh May...put your arms around me. What you feel is what you are...
Are you following ? You should! Tell your Twitter friends! How many new followers can we get by the end of the week?
Homework exist because apparently 7 hours of school isn't enough.
If symptoms of #chlamydia do occur, they usually appear within 1-3 weeks after exposure.
Stop trying to impress people by being someone you're not because in the end, you'll lose yourself!!!
I love your service but it took me 10 mins to figure out how to download it on my 2nd computer, and I still can't figure out..
To find your passion you must speak your truths and ready yourself to new adventures.
The Houston Cloneumni Association salutes you. Happy New Year!
Word... That's strange!! I will have to check it out : it's a TV show on TLC
Total boredom..who plays League of Legends?
Nice article, but how exactly is Houston a "smaller" locale. It's a top ten sized market!
12 play by R Kelly!!!
Matt Damon is balled and looks like an alien ...:p
Looking forward to seeing "Contagion" tonight :) in theaters September 9th. My expectations are set pretty high on this one.
That's my hoe too! ^_^
Haha! RT The manager of Doc Cheys saw how neatly I got my food into the carry out box and said, "You're hired"...
Retail therapy? Yes, I think TJ Maxx will do just the trick...
71% of Americas poor will be racial minorities by 2050
Oh, yeah. Don't know how I could have missed that one.
Some days the severity of my ADD just overwhelms me, especially when I have a paper to do.
After four years of planning and working on #SB46, #indy has the last puzzle piece! Game On!
it's not online anywhere, it's a pretty basic aesthetic tweak, it otherwise worked out of the box =]
I love you forever Mother Monster!
I want tattoo number 3.
You heard it here folks. Sled urself straight to certain death! RT : Suicide Hill in Mitchell Park ;)
When something important is going on, silence is a lie. -A.M. Rosenthal
Thank u for duck diving to avoid killing flock of seagulls that flew in front of our plane departing San Diego.
Hey guys! Follow our vocalist Matt!
“I'm glad I did it, partly because it was worth it, but mostly because I shall never have to do it again.” ~Mark Twain
The characters on #WalkingDead are great at aim and bad at everything else.
sigh yeah no wonderful peeps like u though in most slacs
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!
Wow, we made a top 6 list?? Thank you, we are very proud.
If you want me to write your screenplay, try to get me excited about your concept.
Cancer sucks! RIP Raffe.
I'm guessing the chances of all 5000 of us fitting into one bar are pretty slim?
In and Out Burger, and 3rd street promenade
Thanks for the follow
Awake this early, on my day off..but of course.
Guess I will be sitting inside all day
It's really hard to eat a bowl of oatmeal in the morning when I'm not hungry whatsoever.
So awesome to be a part of !!!! Met so many wonderful people and had so much fun dancing!! :D
Live meeting new creatives!
2 of the last 3 no hitters have been thrown by
Broncos long snapper Lonnie Paxton coming up! Mile High Sports, AM 1510
Not sure...I struggle with going out to go out. I go out mostly for meetings, lol. Or music! Or a good play...
Nuff respect Thomas!
Why do companies offer you “free gifts?” Since when has a gift NOT been free?
im so stupid );
#Imagine You:"Liam, your heart is so big!" Liam:"Because it's filled with my love for you babe."
Congress says "45 states + DC have adopted the Common Core Standards." We're on our way 2 closing gaps
saw an ad for Cymbalta on TV and went "that looks like me and Coley!" what have we come to?!
I heard if enough people watch #Community tonight, gets to direct Avengers 2.
Slight typo while typing Poli Sci essay changed "recent cases of the war on terror" 2 "recent cases of the war OF terror"...
Or perhaps
He pre-judged Ryan Braun, too? RT Totally agree with what Tom Brokaw says here.
I want henna
I'm glad you came.
And the other part?
Buenos días a todos, good morning ppl
Clive James~ Television is simultaneously blamed often by the same people for worsening the world and for being powerless to change it.
looking through on some home furnishing catalog. I.AM.SO.EXCITED! Today will be d day, we sign on e paper which will cost us $$$$$!!!
I'll ask around.
RT WHO HAS HEARD THAT WORD??
Thunderstorms AGAIN.
Landon pulls his own weight he taught himself that!
haha, yeah totally the best! :D
LAST CHANCE to get on our guestlist to see The Hunger Games tonight at Baxter 8 Theater is coming with the Interactive 8 at 8!!!!!!!!!!!!
You have to believe in yourself when no one else does. That makes you a winner right there. ~ Venus Williams <U+2661>
Such a good day :3
No? K y'all asked for it.
We will now call you Whiteland...
- imho, the pursuit of social justice inevitably leads to tyranny
My sisters coworkers house caught on fire,so her and her fiance bought her new house appliances and furniture..
haha cool thanks
Should of known better, you ain't going to tie me down
I can't wait to see them! Do you love them??
actually African Americans are the frequent flyers of smart phones according to statistics--great platform for a voice
what would you say Thurnan?
Good things come to those who wait . Better come to those who dont <3
This guy is walking in the middle of the street with his middle fingers up lmao
gross. I didn't have my glasses on but I could make out shades, which means lots and lots of back hair.
always look forward to your blogs
So pretty sure me and my girls are going to see a braves game soon!(:
Don't waste you time on me. You're already the voice inside my head.
Sure you have! He is his own advertising campaign! x)
dude where are you?
“RT : my mentions are dead!”
done with, I'm not so sure about. He lives in eternal infamy with Unpopular Opinion Perry meme. Which I LOVE.
lol true they getting they ass bust
whoa!!!! he is lol
GoodNight Hope U Feel Better
Everyone has a unique purpose; do you think you are here by mistake? -Eli Singer
RT : Sports TV broadcasts need to start conducting these sponsored polls via Twitter instead of texting.
Thanks, that's lovely to hear. :) And you're welcome for the #FF. :)
Awesome catch #badgers!!! This party is awesome but can't wait for ....
:/ Omfg. Someone in school got me sick...ohno...im coughing so badly..
but i'm pissed that i'm on my period :(
hi jasper
Good win for my Spurs against the Lakers!! GO SPURS GO!!
BROS! ORDER ME A GRILLED CHEESE & COTTAGE CHEESE TONIGHT!
My only argument with this list is NOW I HAVE MORE BOOKS TO READ. There's no end to the books is there? /calls library
A bit of a dreary day in Santa Monica, but that makes me not feel so bad about having to sit at a desk all day.
O... whatcha gonna do with 81 hrs of leave?? And can I be involved somehow? Oops. I got no use/lose time. Never mind.
omg i know! I cried during the drowning part tho :(
Good Morning my fellow Red Abbey Addicts!
I want someone else to blame, besides me.
can I get a follow back, this Burque representative, Phil The Agonys homie Michael Justinaos(Task)RIP cousin
Experience enables you to recognize a mistake when you make it again. Franklin P. Jones
Oh, nice! RT : I predict a lot of "Flat Stopped" UK tshirts next year. If you use it, pay me.
play me on drawsomething!
im freaking crying right now
LOLOL i just noticed that i forgot the "_" on your last mention! or imma seeing things ? lolol
#BieberFact Justin’s dad plays guitar, and his mom sings. RT if you want to hear them all together.
My parents & teachers/coaches tell me i seriously smile to much! Haha(:
Oh, Hi Elijah Wood. Wait, what? Your the DJ for the party I'm working? Cool
*hug* May you have an excellent turkey.
Side question: what software did Chad use to generate the timeline?
New twitpic :)
I was just told that I look like Dana Eveland. So there's that.
Looking for #craftbeer in #Asheville. Any suggestions?
Attempting the cinnamon challenge...
Real big problem when you have to evacuate your apt after midnight cause the smell of whatever your roommate cooked is making you ill.
hey, fucj you.
CC Better keep your 18m old out of Juvi. Id be scared of him. But i think hes a gentle giant
you're being kinda obsessed with our relationship....
Ali Baba on Whittier st. That was the spot ! Funniest arcade and my mom worked their, hooked me up with tickets and tokens!
damn my remote dont work anymore lol
You too!
RT : #illini Mercilus sitting there for the Bears. Should they take him? Yes!
One more day until...?!?!
"You are the treasure I could not afford."
Tell him that I'm having a BAD, LONELY DAY and he could make me smile if he'd accept. HE PROMISED!
Napoleon Dynamite says you're a hater.
If Passion is the rain..be the Storm!
That is funny, my math is terrible though. :D
thanks I heard of google + but did not know you had to get an invite, is that for the test run?
I could really care less at this point..
Princess Diaries 1 and 2 and cuddles. :)
UGH!!! How is it that the are coming to St. Louis the weekend I'm out of town??? No...
What class?
White Fence just kicked some serious ass at ! Ready for some Ty Segall?
hahaha I never noticed you were a Gemini too!
First day !
<U+25C4><U+25C4><U+25C4> This girl supports real music; this girl supports !!!
Awh thanks dear. I love you(:
Of all the powers&gadgets your characters have had over the years, is there 1 you thought would be real by now?
YES!x CHECK OUT MY PICS!x THERE U WILL HAV THE TRUTH!x
#ideas2action ...or even just trucks? Trucks would do!
i think it is difficult for most people to work in open spaces if you are doing intense focused work - peripheral vision :)
hey I meant to ask you, what Unfollow tracker do you use?!
sorry ladies.. the lead singer is engaged.
"NEV'MO!" (quoth The Raven) "NEV'MO!"
u kno. same spot, u got my nmbr too
lol its a song anyways
THANK YOU for taking driving!
Dev is fixing that. Leap year 2016 will now be perfect. Thanks for the heads up!
At Milwaukee Ave Arts Fest, Cole's stage, seeing Hex's band Matadora!
Facebook is like my fridge... I know there is nothing there but I check it every 10 minutes anyways.
is loving the new Hells Kitchen :)
Chilling with my friend alyssa, got tan at the pool, creepy kids hit on us there... Awk:(
Funny how some things are basically the same in any language. :)
I know!!! Hahaha I was so confused on what was going on!
I remember when washing your mouth out with soap was punishment RT : Wow kids are now drinking hand sanitizer to get drunk.
Dear Pandora, it would be wonderful if you'll stop attaching me with all your stupid commercials, Thank you
poor guy
it was campus wide!!
American Idol. :D
Oh and the weather is beautiful! Puts me in a great mood! :)
I wish you could buy time instead of having it just slip away......
Ready to tune in tonight buddy.
Indie ArtHouse opening soon! Grand Ave and Roosevelt
Whoa!!! You should have sold tickets to that dinner for charity or something. Bet you got a lot of looks at the place.
recommends reading 'The Myths of Innovation' by Scott Berkun for stories about organizations facing change
ha it's aight. No biggie. Your cute :)
If you have had problems with Permanent Makeup application. You have not been to someone Board Certified by Medical Prof. Do research
I miss my Wham! And Chaka Khan tapes....
that condescending wonka shit is stupid. stop retweeing it.
A lot of pissed off people on twitter today.
Lake walk at coyote hour.
Follow Rebecca Metz, she has great ideas to improve your business strategies
bag o' dicks?
What dance did you see/do this weekend?
You're sorry? *throws a punch striking at his chin* Oh, I'm sorry!
is getting ready for breakfast on the last day of
Thanks for the advice, gonna do some research, get some nice flowers to plant this spring.
Early Start all will be cool #teamfollowback :)
That's how we feel about our cars! RT : “The mystery was gone but the amazement was just starting.” <U+2015> Andy Warhol
It's not horrible but it's a fairly bland teen pop song. She'll get some sales based on her past popularity but no lasting fame.
The chasm isn't about self-indulgence MT This week's KAL's cartoon
when life knocks you on your knees, just remember you are in the perfect position to pray
bc you look 40.
Further signs that Burger King is in desperate: they have late-night creep Jay Leno shilling for them.
we gonna get you in 929 soon my dude!
really love your quotes!
Watching Tim Tebow is like crack...with all the highs and lows.
I see , bring me food !
i hate oprah
Headed to #626NightMarket. Sounds like it's already a madhouse.
Friday can't come soon enough, moving to Charlotte...
RT : I love putting great people with great people...damn that just fires me up....
This is sweet! Thanks for sharing!!
I love you ALL! <U+2665> I Cried When you guys made it! <U+2665> Follow back ? love LOVE you!!<U+2665>
Had my windows open, then my neighbor decided to cut his grass. In other words, my room smells AMAZING!!
i said the exact same thing to the haterz about the superbowll show. ;P
#BLiNQ's #LiFT report ranks , and as some of the top #Fashion interests for
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
Hey Lara! hope all is good with you!
the element... Is this actually a thing that exists? B/c it's going to make my head hurt figuring out how it works.
I was just going to mention SERAPHINA, loved it.
i hope jenelle gets her ass beat!
Guaranteed laugh: Threaten to beat someone with his or her own shoe.
Creativity has got to start with humanity and when you're a human being, you feel, you suffer. - Marilyn Monroe
haha aw well thank you :) so are you! <3
...checked out the ALA Midwinter Tech Wrap-Up online. Fab.
MLB sent me an email to vote for for All Stars already. Really? The opening day starters have like three starts under their belt.
We had a fabulous Christmas party on Friday wine tasting in Napa. Maybe we should do that every Friday. . . .
Giving up on everybdy...I'm srry but I can't nomore...
Thanks lady! I've heard great things about ! Have a great day!
Thanks for the follow <U+E415>
I listen to Alex on C2C read his news believe in him. My son's a marine recruiter They do that all the time. Sometimes it isn't conspiracy
ready to get off so I can take a long hot, shower.. 3 more hours though <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
JazzandJokes TONIGHT! Open Mic, come do your thing! Poets,MC's,Singers,etc. I'm hosting as always, coe thru 9pm.
What genre do you have in mind?
I'll be out to Sin City in a few days. Don't use up all their alcohol and good weather.
IF you get a first step, GIANT Step in the right direction! Last step usually sees cash or piece of mind, next step means options!
All Beliebers if u love justin as Much as i do then Please follow Me I love justin so please follow me thanks!!!
can't send message without a follow.
The mini heart-attack you have when your foot misses one stair.
Inaugural Wine and Swine podcast coming up, right?
I hate when I'm excluded from joining something new.
Really cool story tonight!!! I didn't even know you were working on that! Really well done.
Ask the #backchannel : best station to watch tv coverage?
OVERTIME IS KICKING IN:-)
A Marketing analysis dives into the needs and wants of potential customers, as well as your competition and the percentage of the market...
Haha yeah... Sorry im telling you all this
Just 4 more to 750 and a new album for you!! ;) xoxoxo
Uh, do you think "my printer ate my article" will work as a reason to get an extension?
You are too cute! So happy for you and SG. Good luck tonight! I know the Ernie fans got your back.
Just in time for St. Patrick's Day, Ireland's Butler's Chocolates R now available @ The Chocolate Library in 9 varieties! 111 St Marks.
Thanks for the RT love!
just on Ustream
good night & sweet dreams cutie :)
Leaving Denver after appearing at #NDK #Anime Convention. as a guest voice actor. Tons of fun!
I'm an asshat!
You're really posting statuses every thirty seconds about "how you wan fuck sum1"? A) you might be a slut and B) your grammar is horrendous.
Do not submit any photographs or other materials which do not belong to you
Goal number 40 for Leo. But just how good is Mascherano. Absolutely brilliant!
maybe it will grow more fun
For French today I had to write an essay about my summer plans...not much to say...
Whatever works! RT : I've always thought of myself as more of a Dr. Strangelove
no friday classes?
thanks for the recent mention! enjoy your day!
you're funny. That's not true. I have no dick riders
Verona's Tyler Reinecke wins one-hole playoff vs Waunakee's Zach Gaugert & Memorial's Brad O'Loughlin @ Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Shootout
I'm listening to Antony and I don't get it. Also I went shopping instead of to the museum. Whoops.
#oomf A Liar !
I cant win
Just saw "the word begins" at Radar LA. Amazing important show. I stood up before the curtain call lights came on.
I think the end is nigh for LaPorta.
d Go man Go, Have a deadline tonight... not going to make the flash group tonight. was looking forward to that.
Hope everyone had a great weekend. I worked a bunch ... got a cool site getting ready to go live.
Is theatre an art or a craft?
I deeply trust and believe that the Universe adores me and is constantly orchestrating on my behalf.--Lisa McCourt
#MoviesWereBestWhen you didn't have to watch 5 minutes of commercials before seeing the coming attractions.
on page four -took the necessary baking break. only a little bit more, I hope it gave me the energy to get it wrapped up!
Silence speaks volumes.
<U+200E>[Campus Bulletin] We told you to stop calling this "Dead Week." We can't understand why "Week Preceding Final Exams" hasn't caught on!
Doing a zumba workout at midnight is normal right? Haha!!.
I'd actually love to try a project with a complicated circuit, I'm fascinated by that stuff
Stop bringing up the past....
what about Elias looks like Elias?
“: "The moment I saw you, I knew I was gonna hate you." from last night's #AmericasGotTalent" Might watch this.
no problem! How are you feeling?
RT : REVEALED: ' new album art and release date! Get it NOW!!! Robot Army.... GO! at.mtv.com/4eA
I get them the day after. Lol
yes ma'am =) I am a proud owner of a 2011 kia forte
we found love in a hopeless place!
We've been having logistics problems with your stores... is there a person I can talk to? Been getting frustrated customers
#Clippers list G Chris Paul (hip injury) and F Blake Griffin (knee injury) as game-time decisions Friday
Pliny the elder and poker.....just amazing.
no but like i am fucking PISSED OFF that Bioshock Infinite was postponed to 2013
Happy Monday everyone, make it a wonderful week!!
Hi, I'm a bed & I'm pretty rockin'.
X! I'm back!“: I'm officially missing yoooouuu *Tamia voice*”
I can't make u like me...n if I hav 2...Do I really want u 2?
I've moved into policy--lots of time to *practice* science communication, but little to research it!
i'm so irritated! <U+E416>
Other than the spelling, I'm not really sure what the difference between the two would be,
If I haven't told you already YOUR A-FRICKIN-MAZING!!!! I'll be voting as always! RT LADY ILY!
The last 8 months with have been great. Looking forward to the rest of my life with you babe<3
The mysterious 10th FL
just fyi, got a DM from you this morning, so there may still be problems w/ your account.
Happy last day of classes! Special congrats to our seniors who have their last class ever!
25% off all of our shirts at www.allWIdoiswin.com for 24 hours only, starts NOW. Buyers will get cash back with shirt
Thank you Columbus and #loex2012 organizers for being great hosts and putting together an invigorating conference!
Exhausted... just leaving the hospital... No gym... COMLEX on Friday and all I want to do is sleep.
Now, I'm gonna have to bang that ish. LOUD.
“: Tim Tebow is a Jet. He quoted some Bible verse about washing people's feet and I knew he was my guy.”
is my husband. even though he's a lot older than me! #idontcare!
I love you <3
I haven't said that in a really long time -.-
I call it chacne
Enough with the spam DM's, guys.
is it time for Davy?
Laughters the key to happiness! If you can manage to laugh at times of sorrow, tears, pain & anguish youll live a longer life Stress kills!!
Sounds pretty pro-business to me. Why GOP not clapping?
Yeah. It's time for some water.
I can't believe the last competition is this weekend, this year flew by
I've developed a new philosophy... I only dread one day at a time.
No! do not lower your standards :) No idea what this is in relation to but never lower the standards unless they are unrealistic
Do you still give Phil Ivey the respect he once had at the tables after being away for so long? And with his FTP ties?
Yep. Just one of those lonely days.
WOOHOO 90 LIKES LET'S SEE IF WE CAN GET TO 100!
COOL DOWN with an ice cold beer! Grab a Closing Time #hangover supplement from Spartan Spirits, Campus Corner, Sgt Peppers, or Stricklands!
have you heard? is reporting is at ballbark watching his new team. Says McCourt and Moores there too.
Brook Fraser- Something in the water
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite student of Hogwarts? Harry Pizza.
Brass Monkey - junkie, that funky monkey In addition to being an awesome song, brass monkey is apparently also a bar in West Allis
you're not 21!
Go ! Hoping for a 2-0 win here.
Finished with my morning workouts now going to class than eat! And than more training and gym sessions
i just had to ask mark if you were messing with me, or if u really were a huge aishwarya rai fan..which would be awesome!
Just use my guestlist tonight tell them Travis Sosa!! nightclub for free admission! Only
hahaha nothing good can come from this combo of you two + rum runners
Perfectly legal in Maryland and contrary to popular belief, illegal in West Virginia & Tennessee.
you know that's his way of saying he loves you, & I heard she did lol
my friends think me n u look alike haha i think its kinda funny tho coz they only sayin that coz im from africa..nd ima big fan of u
This Fri, all you gorgeous ladies hit up for info about their casting call.
Grandma's near the end... This is the part I hate. Waiting while they appear to get worse. She's 90 so she's lived a long life.
shootout to
thanks for the #FF love. You both had some killer lists.
Clarke's Three Laws: 2) The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
loved it. Food was out of this world. A great #CraftBeer event keep em coming
Re-posting a lot of Stevie Wonder mixes tomorrow. I may throw in some personal ish I've included in a few jazz mixes too.
Yep, tons of work! you are right. People who think this is "easy" just don't any better, do they LOL (lots of work but very rewarding)
TRYNA. MAKE A MILLION OFF MY MUSIC ...#MozZy Boii
so great to finally meet you in person last night! Just remember--
Afternoon ppl!!!
Does he make the Curly "whoop whoop whoop" sound when it comes his way? RT : Brennan Boesch
The more you prepare, the luckier you appear
UK coach John Calipari on rumors he's going to the Knicks: "KY is the best job in basketball. No one's stealing our joy. I'm not leaving."
"she is totally a people chicken."
learning how to be gay!!!???
Independent artists have a dream and a perspective to share with you. Listen!
'Denver Union Station: Portal To Progress' & 'Virtual JFK ' start at Noon at #OldeTownStadium! Get there soon!
NACUA CEO: “: So happy to have many guests with us at the CLE workshop who are not #NACUA members. Welcome!”
you both look so pretty! (:
lol the world is going to end and your just glad your going to be 21!
ACCIDENT: Rt. 29 SB approaching the bypass - two vehicles involved expect delays.
Are you regularly including raw organic foods (veggies and fruits) in your diet? Creates more vibrant health & is thinning!
Hope #ITC12 got the promises in writing and will get some $ back
jus remember i wanna win! tnx :)
Come see Records perform live this Thursday at The Rex Theater in Pittsburgh. Contact us for tickets
"I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him." ~ unknown
LOL CAN I PLEASE BE ON MONEY FOR STRANGERS
"I'm not better than you I just work harder than you!" I'm here to motivate you! Cause if I can do it you can! Don't be mad be motivated!
Hey guys, i need more followers!! Xx lol xx
Find out how you can use OneNote to design PowerPoint presentation
I'm okay ... still adjusting to life in the Pacific Northwest! How are you?
The second pick in the #NFLdraft2012 the Washington #Redskins have selected Robert Griffin 3.
Poor guy. :l
Compared with non-alumnae, Girl Scout alumnae feel better about themselves.
Your face is weirder.
I like when you call me lil' mama.
Meaningless poll: Google or Bing?
Losers make excuses, winners make changes
Just landed UVA vs. VA Tech tickets. Gonna be a good one!
I'm good... loving life here in S.A.
We may put you to work! RT : I might not be making anything, but I'm super excited to shop !
I didn't even get to say hi to you guys wahhhhh <U+E411><U+E411><U+E411>
Just finished making more mangopop sicles
BTW, what position do you play? I was a center back!
Send a Happy Mother's day to your Mom.
Excited for Giving Back Fund's Sports Philanthropy Summit in Las Vegas at Planet Hollywood starting tonight!!
ah ok. Well I'll get that then. I'll message you through twitter when I do...which will be tomorrow haha
I love gia outfit
So jealous! Do they have a JC Penny line or something RT : Mary Kate and Ashley in my office today. Let the stalking begin...
-Won't be til later tonight. We'll give it then as long as it clears the boss!
nah worst still LMAO
How is it that the NFL is several months away, but it makes up 50 percent of the talk of every show on ESPN?
Milwaukee Police still on scene of deadly crash at 27th & St. Paul per
32 year-old woman murdered inside home 800 block W. Minnehaha. Suspect arrested in taxi.
Shannon Spake is a rocket.
Nath, ur account now looks like a fan account cuz of ur icon .____. Damn sexy photo though..
For all my #UFC peeps on here, yay for #TheUltimateFighter tonight woo! #TeamCruz baby!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Just got my iPod back, I feel so depressed like why was I cursed with this mother? Well I have it till 9:00.
#YoGotti In The Building W/ #Thursday #Bodi Ladies FREE B4 11 #SEEUTHERE!
First #GenieFair2012 session I'm going to is titled Bureau of Naturalization Correspondence Files, 1906-1944.
Please disregard that last tweet, wasn't me that posted it
Party time: Finishing up party guide feat. Nelly at , Wintervention at , Five/Ten at & more!
chicken nuggets, my fav! Hey Mickey, also another fav.
Thanks for connecting! Looking forward to somatic info/inspiration from your tweets!
Get it together Buggs. RT My new office manager is already sleeping on the job! twitpic.com/66lw3h
Nice work on mentioning bowling game, and how he hates to lose at anything
needs to get out today... needs to file taxes... needs to get groceries... gah! only wants to play pool or watch a movie.
I HATE when it does it, so fucking much
you're hot
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>RT : Misery loves Company.. and I declined the invitation.
the glaciers have moved
aye you wanna collab?
I'd love to see the chargers come out to Peace Train or Franklins Tower. That would really intimidate the opposing team.
is my hero like Superman. I dreamt that he flew, grabbed me, and put me on his arms. <U+2665> 7
it's hot in the #optics field.
Thanks! Glad you like it!
Cliché the end is near, cliché the end is near
Retweet if you wish there was a room where you could go & find all the stuff you once lost?
blunts&bottles&rents&ratchetness
so wait,you left the western conference because you got rolled on in the 1st round every season. now NY to get mega rolled?
Working till our eyes can't open. We really bout that
Thanks for follow.
that's what I said. Rick and hard spot ;)
Surprise surprise we on da way
UH I do!
As an artist/business owner there are ideas & tasks I need to complete w/ out distraction. I can't always text back.. get over it. :-)
Say goodbye to Texas
So true! RT : RT : No vision, no brand. Something will fill the vacuum.
Ur Invited to FHF's End of Season Thank You & Holiday Social TODAY Dec 9th 5:30-8:30 p.m. FREE. No RSVP needed. Invite others.
if that makes you feel better
nothing but lightning and thunder over here. Windy in every direction today.
it really is.
Beautiful Day
Im sick af
...hands up and touch the sky... <cos I just got the LAST good parking spot...yes I did...oh snap>
your nest is temporarily the best!
Brandon Bass is okay
then This is how you bring on the weekend. What? I have to be up at 8am? Shit.
Everyone just looks so ~cute~ for mothers day
Newt Gingrich tells Chris Wallace to quit the "Mickey Mouse" questions about his record and ask candidates about ideas.
Awesome. Looking forward to it.
Oh night of nights, wilt thou bring a dream of dreams to me?
Watching Once Upon a Time with Viggle Sun | 8PM | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
#iWishYouKnew I Really, REALLY Like You But Im Too Shy to Tell You
what a weekend! now back to our regularly scheduled awesomeness
That's GREAT! The LC experience prepares our students well for UVA Grad School and whatever life brings! Congrats!!!
I have the bestest boyfriend in the world <3
I look at Lady GaGa then and now. Lol her ass has changed ALOT since "Just Dance" wtf happened?
Jeremy York of on future of research libraries.
Dudes my favorite boxer been following him for years! After the 17th Frankie you will be my second favorite.
no college
Interim Chief Gary Croucher and CAL FIRE chief Thom Porter on Troubles at the San Miguel Fire District
Spanish red wine: Temparanillo de Rioja es la sangre de mi vida. It just makes my whole soul tingle with how much I miss Spain.
Hey Back at'cha!
We're at UN Plaza today with Off the Grid. 11-2pm, 7th and Market
I ate 7 hot dogs yesterday! I just couldn't stop myself. When's the last time you pigged out? -
Where I wanna be.
thats rude bro
My #fridayreads is Douglas Glover's ATTACK OF THE COPULA SPIDERS: ESSAYS ON WRITING. Useful and illuminating. What are you reading?
Up can't sleep have a lot on my mind.
Getting ready for my DC trip on Wed. I can hardly wait to kick off Capitol Hill Day "Diversity and Inclusion Fuels Innovation in STEM"
Ha! I don't care enough. He's a nut!
#SHOLDERSHINE TREND IT.....!! its #1 IN THE WORLD AH!
so honored for the mention and compliments! Sorry I haven't blogged much lately, working on my PhD app.Sorry don't know Susan.
ugh.. Internet Explorer.
Please. The learning-is-for-professionalization in it is hurting my feelings.
You too! RT : pleasure to tweet ya!
Were you driving in a theoritical world again? I hate when that happens :)
you three are worse than a bunch of dudes lmao
"What will happen to the least of us will happen to all of us..Equity is at the center of our name because it is at the center of our work."
eww not cake though! Cake is horrible :P you need to go out in style. Peanut M&M's the whole way! Go down smiling :P
Hi hb All bst FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#ThatOneEx who doesn't go away
i feelin good good night bitches
thanks! Had a great 1st tennis match of the season can't wait for more!!!
(1/2) I'd agree with that. No matter what you say, you're bound to offend someone.
literal translation:
Welcome #2012! Time to get to work - those resolutions aren't going to resolve themselves!
Oops... Just looked at my texts for today... Forgot about my lunch date today. He's so not going to believe me, but I really did.
yee buddy(; lmfao. What's your name? I'm talking to you & I don't even know your name xD FAIL.
“ i could write a book about how gymnastics has impacted my life and shaped my future. ”
#History is not the whole picture! We had 3 healthy kids & were #SHOCKED 2 learn our 4th has #CysticFibrosis bc we didnt know we R carriers!
LOL I'm not tired, watchin the best of will ferrell on netflix, dude is the man haha
Getting ready to go to the dance! im going to look
Ah. A fellow enthusiast. I'm a huge fan of Vaudeville.
This is crazy !
Ghost town in the office today. Did somebody forget to invite me to a funding party?
You know you love me, I know you care, just shout whenever and i'll be there, you want my love, you want my heart and we would never ever...
It's funny how my hair looks healthier after I bleach it.
Busy Busy Busy weekend ahead. Party tonight, Easter dinner (party) tomorrow, Sunday I'm on a boat! Let's hope my liver can take all of this.
what are we doing?
despite the monsoon occuring outside, I'm still excited for Oysterfest tonight!
what a bitch. Moustakas should have kicked his ass
In the process of getting pink and teal highlights... hopefully my family will still love me
you're a musical genius
i hope it crash
Buying domain names like big, ten-dollar Snickers bars.
I hate it when the person I facebook stalk never updates anything.
Just landed in Chicago for ALA Exeb Board Srping Meeting. Excited to get to work with excellent coleagues again. Rdy to drink coffee galore!
My legs are all cut up cause of this big ass bike <
How much have you drank today?
"Country girl shake it for me" is on the radio. I love this song. I can always channel Michelle Bartlett (from #9thspacecalvary). It's her
Alcohol gives you infinite patience for stupidity. ~ Sammy Davis, Jr.
Styck in trafiic on ptree headed to class. Ugh!
Sometimes all I need is a hug <|3
Anyone know any good music to download? Need to update my iTunes
Always having to learn your lessons the hard way!!
that is definitely something I'd bet on - books won't go away. We won't let them! :-)
I dont like my feet being touched!
“ Where is this guy ”haf watchin space jam
You deserve it..I got you
lost me ctfu
Every so often, I like to go to the window, look up, and smile for a satellite picture.
we should chase rabbits sometime!
Why is it so hard for me to let u go. Gotta give it to god!
60 people standing, sitting, leaning at Saltmarsh's IA session. . seeking to learn if we're changing higher education.
At SXSW? - see us at trade show booth #1544 to chat careers and jobs w/
love on top brought u back??
Off to a car dealership.
Dirty diana
I just saw you on GMA. What?! It's like Forrest Gump in the city - who has that kind of luck?
lol I know just messin with ya fellas
That's the best example in modern ball -- well chosen! (Still plays tough teams from other conferences, but yes, you're quite right)
#armoryweek #artist Shack is a graduate of the Ontario College of Art in Toronto w/ courses in painting and printmaking.
Is that Morgan ol ass Lmao
51° on February 6. An unbelievable thing!
Round two for filming my short film!
Maybe I'm not checking enough. Or I need to put them in a real calendar. Either way, I can't remember them.
Thank you for the follow---congratulations on your show!
- I have my grandson signed up for camp June 20-24. How do we get the STH discount?
Nice to meet you :) Happy Halloween!
Haha me too :)
Wanna know what *I'll* be watching at 9EST? My dude giving the business 'bout that lame interview w/RZJr.
J'ai froid :R
Right on cuzz i appreicate it!!>>>> : drink away the pain" hot track I see you."
That didn't take #philmichelson to start choking at
Charcot-Marie-Tooth #CMT patient & family conference SATURDAY in Washington DC. Folo live tweets here and More info at cmtausa.org
#improvisation for nonet, 3 minutes per hand, deal a card to each player indicating how many seconds of sound, jokers wild, aces low
Christmas in January? Thanks for finally releasing and sending my e Pad Transformer Prime!
Get your VIP Card for Only $15 this Month. Call Today to Join 619.226.1121
The people who say they the realist are usually the fakest people behind closed doors .
Likewise, buddy!
Hi , looking forward to getting to know you and the NWG team! I am looking forward to working with you!
Achievement seems to be connected with action.
no prob and not much bro wby ?
Hopes the saints make it back to the super bowl this Year
..lol ware they do dat at
Time to take down the tree
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: End of the year is a perfect time to review estate plans so that your end of life transition goes smoothly.
#Pacquiao fight. My house! Bring somethin to eat or drink! Lol
oh thats so creative! I love photography too! :D
I am elbow deep in Quakers. How did this even happen?!
haha we are going to be bad news bears tomorrow!
that's awesome!!
haha I miss u guys, and bsu, u gettin kinda busy now for finals?
I want you, San Francisco
going to sleep happy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Waiting to hear if I have to fly to Mexico this weekend to shoot a commercial!
lol I had to turn it when dr.p's wife sad, I DO NOT SAY NO! If I have to, I'll say N-O....please
laying in bed.. bored
Check out my Newest video on www.youtube.com/user/kaebelltunes
I love you.Im not going anywhere <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
Today is #FollowFriday! Help us gain followers by retweeting & favoriting this tweet!
I often feel like that too ...
Seems #railsconf should have taken a poll on likely attendees; seems salon J is way more packed than larger H
so good
pretty good! I missed the show last night, seeing you on the stream reminded me yesterday was monday! LOL
you did a great job up there Lauren!
Parker's bday present? RT: ": A lock of Justin Bieber's hair sold for $40,668 in a charity sale on Ebay."
I saw that as an explanation, not a backing off. The question was clearly framed as speaking for edit board tradition.
Lol Adam schefter said Peyton wasn't under scrutiny in Knoxville when playing for the Vols. he obviously underestimates SEC fans
Holiday trivia: What toy delivers the star to the top of the tree in the 1933 film The Night Before Christmas?
Aww thanks! Only two days late :)
DEEP IN THOUGHT
puppies? Just take one puppy! Lol
Would you wear pants is the real question.
#NY Times Editor and author of the book The Obamas #Jodi Kantor is my guest Sunday. Show begins 10AM CST on Clear Channel's WLAC 1510
The sun will come out, tomorrow, bet your bottom dollar...
Tamara's 5:30 am yoga class is one of the best ways to start your day … wish she had more classes! ( )
well I'm at school right now! I'm in study hall where I'm not doing anything
Hey, My balls are dangerously dry. Please suck them.
Your father must be disappointed that you have such a potty mouth. I'm saving this conversation for my records.
Ugh I wanna see him
Check out our closeout deals. W.yeldahgoods.com
Thanks for the RT!
I know. i was messin with you! plus if u did I would have had to Dawg you for old time sake!!! lolol
Open House Week! We are open to the public all week so grab a friend and come get started! (Must be 18 or with a legal guardian, please...
i love <33333
Awesome ": idk...i have a strict rule... Probably ;)"
me RT : My followers >
I guess I'm goin to axis.
Don't bother with Vista at this point. Either stick with XP or install the beta for Win7.
Thank You It's been a while I thank you for your help XO
Cudahy police are preparing for evacuation of the area within one mile of the Patrick Cudahy plant. Not happening yet, but planning.
I've asked about you and they told me things that my mind wouldn't change.
you write like one
Congrats to Eli and his two MVPs, but Peyton will always be the better QB. He changed the way the position is played. That's greatness.
Following you online. You're playing great. Good Luck
sweet, but you gotta lose that motion w. Bucky needs the block w
Thanks for the follow, Luther!
Need measures in place to ensure that community colleges don't sacrifice equity by getting qualified students
Sold out!!! Zombie brewery is still pouring its delectable brews :d :D
I'm liable to drive the old 73 Mustang just to put more crap in the air if they start charging "usage fees".
Oh man.
Sad truthRT Tell a girl shes beautiful a million times& she doesnt believe you. But call her ugly once& she never forgets it!
Sleepy, headache, backache, perhaps from an alcohol- and fun-filled time with , proving that "grown-ups" can, in fact, party
yeah, he makes me want to <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB> myself and make me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0090> myself in front of a <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+008C>
Off to get my costume all set up! Hope everyone has a fun & safe Halloweekend -- see you Monday xoxo
today will go down in my history too if you follow me(: Then you reached 200k Mahomies, got 3 TTs and followed me
I'm going to test myself. One week without spending any money. Let's see how many days that will last.
How tall is Barea.
a good kind of numb
What's everyone doing for exercise today? I'm thinking of taking a walk. It's not much, but it's better than nothing, right?
HiHi! Im Amy (:
I buy 5 kg bags of 36% Caramelia, kilos of nibs... I think it's more an addiction.
People love charts! My #fav is
sneezing is so painful when there is a baby inside of you.
yeah then i wouldnt hear it cause i live in florida in the us lol
Yes-- I think the sci teacher is looking for no muss/fuss. Like a form where you can input the data and bingo! Does that exist?
We're travelling for our wedding & forgot our base station! Is there any way we can order one and have it sent where we're staying?
Watchingg ! I just want them to get to the bottom of this! Who's A?!!!!!
My seminar class <<<
I am DEAD serious… They were awful. You could tell they were scared...
Not teaching tonight. Jarrett is SO generously subbing, please hug her profusely. Ill be keeping my snot to myself. thank you.
Thanks for writing it! Thanks for RTing the article on #NoGOODdeed #FF to good artists&sites!
I heard Marge Simpson ate a baby on the cover of a magazine.
nice work Ted! Throw 1 minute of running in there every 4 minutes and you'll double (or more) that calorie burn!
My brother just died I think...
I dont think he gets nekkid but I think at least shirtless. Its def. worth it lol
any update on when we'll see money from for October plays?
You forgot to mention he can't shoot worth a damn...
No...you're not getting a $100...I forgot to put the "d" in front of a message to my daughter. Chill.
Rolling to Prom solo:/
hello! Do I know u?
OMFG. TAYLOR SWIFT AND ED SHEERAN? TOGETHER? HOLY FUCKING SHIT! IF THEY MAKE A SONG TOGETHER, I WILL CRY. GOD BLESS THESE LEGENDS
You ain't down bye bitch
Remember me? :D
Thanks for the retweet!
? ...have you been ignoring me?
did they win?
When I grow up, I want to be a walk-on starting RB.
Not even the weekend, only Thursday.
going out soon seeing what to do.
your 1-sentence pitch video was really helpful. it led us to start including sponsors in our focus now too. thanks!
dear , I hit my computer and it almost cracked. thanks -.- sincerly, I really though there was a fly there :/
I might
LMAO reunite woodson + JJ + add melo? they'll set all kinds of records for isolation plays
yes...already girding for this weekend's onslaught. xox
I'll be sure to bring this up when the old alumni association calls asking for donations #hire john pelphrey
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! :) love you have a good day!
Sleepcomesdown is playing the Cascio Stage at Summerfest tonight (July 1st) at 6:00. Get there if you can.
How is beyonce due any day when she said she was due in February... Sound like some Phaedra math to me
lmao shutup I need more followers :[
Hey, it was fun meeting you both last night, & you had a good time with us all. Hope to see you again soon. Niall
Congratulations Shelia Jackson and Stephen Whitburn on the dual-endorsement from Mesa College Democrats.
Don't forget to purchase your tickets for this weekend, three performances with Donald Davis and Carmen Agra Deedy, www.storytellingarts.org
only one word to describe this #springbreak weather
You're welcome!
Definitely GO! Two of my favorite cities in Europe. Both are amazing and a lot of fun
Just dont leave me out.. I want to be a part of u too.
You're more than welcome to come hold my hand :)
Vormetric Supports Hardware-Based Encryption Acceleration Technology from Intel
I hope Bloomington is ready for me tonight :)
Tzday was good, workin' on wednesday's opps. And, I know YOU are crankin' the success lever.
Time is precious, don't waste it on bullshit or "bullshitters"
We are 5 rows behind the Cavs bench
An artist is somebody who produces things that people don't need to have. - Andy Warhol
thank you for being a loving man who lives as he educates.
If so many men, so many minds, certainly so many hearts, so many kinds of love
Go Jay and Belle. Now I kind of wish that I had . . .
You really do eat there all the time.... #socool haha
Minus the vandalism, raping in tents, pooping in police cars and wanting others' money, I'm sure #Occupy does represent 99% of us
radical - done & done.
I think I have a stalker
Tonight the night baby! Let's get it in where it fits in......:-D
thanks for following, I'm following YOU closely
Ah so I'd have to treat u to lunch for a good story? Since I no longer get them vía blog.
nigga that's like 4 years ago
no they are talking about government. So they are seniors
Take care and appreciate me now because one day I'll be gone
OMG we shall go. What's the nearest beach near you?
"Your trance of love is seeking to turn this world around." ::jars of clay::fade to grey::
Cool, cool We still friends?!
Wow... didn't know Google Wave was ready to play with? Do you have to be on a beta list or something?
You can't say that today!!..
are you leading me to a murder?
On our list tonight
California dreaming.....
college should be free .
you are very welcome!
I'm glad we finally got to hang out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Turned out to be a short night, but I can't say I'm any less tired. I'm ready 4 bed! I'm glad I get to chill tomorrow with
The 3 y/o is laughing hysterically. The 5 y/o is on the ground. He says running into a wall hurt more than running into the tree.
Maybe! I think the implication of 's point is that we can integrate kinds of storytelling that are ...
#thingsimiss - Waffle House. it's a trending 2fer!
I am glad I did not have any plans this weekend, because Irene has invited herself over.
shirts will be back in a couple days my nig!
great show last night in SF #brookstribelovin !!!! What is Clinton's last name ?
Sounds like somebody has a case of the MeBeingMeMondays
Ha! Ruthless.
you guys are going on tour! When are you coming home to America?
I Heard 2day some company is trying to bring you down but Timmy - Matthew 5:10! #blessed God Bless and good luck in New York!
...and the familiar
no thnx u how u doin??
confused af , did the lakers win or the thunder?.
Love and appreciate your parents. We are often so busy growing up, we forget they are also growing old.
:D lol “: filipinos have such awful diet fare. hahaha we love to eat the worst things possible. =D”
I wanna start a new generation of hippies!!!!! :-)
Guess I'll change my picture tomorrow
Maybe today will be your day! Or better yet, Friday when it's front row!
Im practically crying right now.
Getting ready for the next #fourpeaks salon, and the sun came out - must be a sign!
of course!
We are completing the final proposal for The Argidius Foundation for the Mali Small Business Investment and training program
I'm going to relieve you from your clothes.
715 MB of 774 MB... I can't wait any longer!
Thank you for the share
Good afternoon every one. Worked 7am to 1pm today. I also gave my two week notice today. Can't waite to start my new job.
WHAT IS THE ORACLE? The Wizard of OZ comes 2 Fremont 10.23.09 4 unveiling of the nwst & lrgst interactive art installation in Seattle.
awesome, it won't be too long now.
"Risks must be taken, because the greatest hazard in life is to risk nothing." - Leo Buscaglia
This winter is going to great..lots going on.
LOL! Absolutely hilarious comment. Well played.
dude u do a great job just keep digging and getting us what u can, yea sometimes ull miss but that's sports
Seriously ladies make themselves look so ugly with all of the cursing on here.
I'm hoping this sinus congestion goes away before I get on the plane today.
What is the reason behind NBC's using of pink paper?
My vote for best good bad movie goes to Road House. Thoughts?
hahaha bitches crack me up .
Dwight Howard apoligizes to for "Circus and vowed to be better going forward. For what the next 13 hrs 20 min b4 ship sails?
Fuck to the yes!!
I put that dur on evrthang!!
You honestly think you're better than everyone else, don't you?
Where u going?
was trying to star it but I accidentally replyed
Everyone takes smoke breaks while I eat cookies and milk.
you look like a doll
On May 17, at 12 noon EDT, unglue.it will launch its first set of campaigns. CONGRATULATIONS!
itss out with the old. and in with the new (:
I wanna cry of how tired I am. I've worked 60 hours in 5 days and I'm about to have a breakdown. :'(
So the mini is Saturday and my shoes are crap. Is it better to get shoes now and risk blisters or stay with my old shoes through the race?
wish me luck
grrr. This year's schedule is the bane of my existence. I'm calling the schools now to let them know & will be in touch tomorrow
#monks2012 let's call a cab now and arrange for pick up from convention center
End of the week.Very productive with Friday to go.My son is hoopin later.Looking forward to watching him play.Enjoy your day
I so just heard a christian girl say I cant belive it jesus christ whoops pardon my french
Here here. They are "meh" at best. I can appreciate them in a historical way, I guess.
but their so topical!!
Karma is a bitch eh Belechik?
Oh, thanks - I misunderstood!
Thanks for the RT!
Just checked out interview with Alex Jones. Powerful info.
OF COURSE! Thanks.
I don't know about anyone else but I'm never tired on Mondays..lol
Never dull your shine for somebody else. ~ Tyra Banks
Can u please follow me? Please Would really make my night (:
Please follow me so I can respond to ur mes. thx
Maui Health Explosion on Sat, July 9, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. We'll have lots of entertainment, and a variety of health organizations
Of course, it was beautiful! Eggstraordinary.
if you can give a speech or even host an event at a fair or something where you have to talk in front of people then do it!
"When you care about somebody, you gotta do what's best for them... even if it sucks for you."
Excuses are for losers
You gotta give respect to get it
hahaha im kiddin i just didnt have enough space to make sure you knew that haha fucking jew twitter
I'm now officially certified to be a substitute teacher. The things I do to support my acting career.
hi! miss u! what have you been up to?
I probably just killed my dogs lungs with spray paint.
I'm doing well, thanks for asking; how are you, and did you have a nice Easter?
what you guys are doing today sounds amazing!
Once again is hosting today at the United Center. Grab your tickets now by calling us at: 888-493-0004
#HUNTERS + = PERFECT BABIES
The day of July 4t h would be awesome. Its a Wed so more people will probably be in town than usual.
Gears 3 was really fun tonight. Shotgun roll shotgun roll shotgun roll.
its ok, it'll go by fast!
2 many dogs!!!!
there's still a couple hours until my birthday ends(: you still have time to tweet me<3
Spending my weekend in the gym! Houston Hoops v D Gib Hoops as we speak - #Adidas Sweet 16
#SophomoreYearTaughtMe having a party is deff the easiest way to make bank
Thanks for the follows. I laughed about your Zamboni fume inhalant issue with those hockey boys. Funny.
May I make a tweet-fession? I *still* have not been able to watch CANDYMAN. It was to scary to me as a kid!
Headaches during the first few days of #HCG P2 may be from caffeine/sugar withdraws. Plain aspirin is ur best option.
Thompson Library Finals Week Extended Hours: Sat June 5-Wed June 9 Open til 2am! Study Study Study
thats a quality word! really happy about that
Sheila E. killed last night on Letterman. Can't wait to see Roy Haynes play tonight!
I have to go take care of my grammy for a few hours tonight and sarah's at work. she gets out at like 11 and i should be
You've found the right place - We will handle your issue quickly and efficiently. We offer full service Dell Streak Tablet Repair
How nice, a man asked if I was in the military because I had nice posture. WTF
Friday flashback jam: The Sundays - "Here's Where The Story Ends"
Trop smoothie with the team
Have to be up rather early to drive to Rochester to drop Wiki off at airport and pick mom up.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (ke0qv)
Mediocrity is easy. Excellence takes work! - DM
Great rehearsal tonite!!!!
Bucks need to win tonight
Am I missing something? You transferred your 7"s...to 12"s?
I hope people realize that it shouldn't take one day for someone to appreciate their mother.
Great class with #JonathanSilver. Stay in trouble in the present not in the future.
'84 was mine. Block letters down the side!
It's just not the same! :(
Yyyyyyyeeeeeesssssss wit ha rollin up air ass RT : ROBERTS
#lost an air strip!?
“: throwin down beats anywhere tonight?” Yes sir! I'll be downstairs at Lunar/Launch tonight!! Stop by!
Happy Birthday! Enjoy your blessings! : )
glad you have time to BITCH ALL THE FUCKING TIME.
Yo check out these snapback caps ! bureau.storenvy.com
2216- hey gurl we dont talk anymore:( and i wish u would come back! Tweet me! Love u
Ah, the 6:30am (CST) train back to Chicago.... my favorite.
this is me
good read, thanks for sharing!
I like my lyrics better <U+263A>
You're just a nice, law-abiding citizen!
Come join the YMCA! RT : Needs to work on my fitness ASAP!
Facebook is explaining group chat like they invented it.
im thinking about it
Watched Fabrice Muamba collapse during game. Wishing him and family best. Horrific scene, handled so well by
you coming threw?
RT : #TeamFollowBack RETWEET for a free follow! FOLLOW for instant follow-back!! <--- FOLLOW FOR SHOUTOUTS
OPENINGS Interested in applying to the San Jose Bike & Ped Adv. Comm? U may request an app by sending an email to .
-- I hope to God Running Waves 1 doesn't chime in, with his assured million strong following. & as a #Pats fan?
it feels good to talk about frustrations haha xD
ain nun wrong with a queef, it just won't do you too much good in a zombie apocalypse.
lol..ok we don't agree w/ nba teams but college bball we're together
May the forth be with you! Tomorrow during #Mifflin2012 don't turn to the dark side, follow the rules and have fun!
D A M N!!! That Boy Lil Chris Go H.A.M I Had To Repeat That Shit...
Thanks for all the RT's and Twitter love! Hope to be back in #TheBean this summer :-)
First come, first served basis, you know Hov' be going to nice places.
Google Don Dewsnap...it would favor you to read his works. Let's help spread quality.
Well played God, well played....
yeah you actually look descent in that one
not enough space on twitter; the defamation clause of both - applied to 's platform - continues. You & others convicted..
cannot stop listening to "Both Of Us"
New album out! Must buy - W.A.R. ! Crazy poison tip arrows are hittin you from all directions !
of course! Glad you enjoy it!
LA is in another universe in so many ways huh?
Boy I luv u like crazy <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Sometimes, you just need a word.
We are available for catering...office meetings,weddings and rehersal dinners,sports banquets,reunions etc just give us a call 615-975-2989
Saints are sinners who kept on going.
Cannot. Figure. This. Out. Twidroid
Great, thanks! Excellent 90s hip hop bash on Friday, followed by several superb coffees and the Queen's well-timed birthday parade.
Who thought it was a good idea for Ozzie Guillen to have a news conference tomorrow?
Let's play a game Trending Topic #IRepForMyState My State is New York So If You From NewYork (Retweet) if not Rep Your State
your nina needs a birthday list! Xoxox
Then I guess you and I have some big ol' ballsies then!
i hate it when im hungry ass hell but the spot on my bed is so comfortable that im like fuck food lol
Worked easter. Worked yesterday. Work today. Work tomorrow. Work oaks. Work derby. Fair.
Next presenters were totally gratuitous and way over time limit. Not nice to other presenters. Ever.
Twitter profiles all describe heroic creative types. Where are the unemployed guys living in their parents' spare room? They don't tweet?
I am NOT in love with Judas
I wish I had a pedometer to see how many miles I walked at #ExtremeThing. It had to at least be a 5K to balance out the deep fried Twinkie.
My dad is living in California.I lived in England also.My mom has a company thats huge:]
what drugs did they overdose with?
there is a bar in the city that has a beer called Hell or high watermelon and it is super delicious.
My Gaysian male co-worker just told a client that he'd "like to move" to Alabama. Did I mention that he's Gay & Asian?
HolyCowballs!!! rowdy rowdy Sara must of been some good Shit!!! huh
office pool for the #lottery. i put in 2%, lol
There really are some enticing jobs at the MLA Placement Services desk!
every1 wants a piece of pie! RT : That's it! I am inserting you as one of my freelance mgmt gigs on linkedin!
I wonder what lookin like right now
Wow just got cole in my stoking Jk
When I hear somebody sigh, 'Life is hard,' I am always tempted to ask, 'Compared to what?'- Sydney Harris
My friend starts school earlier than us. #JustSayin'. (:o
Look out for The Black Media Plug in 2012!! We are expanding our brand!! And of course, keeping our readers PLUGGED IN!
SNOW!!!! Havent had snow for 2 years.Wish I lived in Minnosota so i could see snow almost evry day
Almost @ the point of no return
aww man no movies :(
A 2011 in review promo and IDs just got added!
In honor of this week's Varsity Movie: Are you Team Edward or Team Jacob?
yes you do!
"God doesn't give up on u, so why should u give up on him"
According to our Breaking News e-mail, Leslie Fram is going to CMT as SVP of Music Strategy!
Thanks! What a great temporary diversion from cataloging!
Need a new song to learn on bass. Something challenging but not impossible. Hit me up with something good.
One of the simplest ways to train a dog is by using something he wants – like a treat or a toy
Are you going to #IBS2012? Let us know!
Thanks so much. I know the CD thing is maddening but I suppose u have to play the game. Sigh. :-)
Once you've understood the world through the lens of a real-time 3D interactive network....you never want to go back to powerpoint and excel
Believing in art itself, and the proper expression of emotions, was the most sublime thing in the world.
At 8:00 told me he was drinking. At 9:00 he swears he saw a ghost. Must be some good liquor!
good question
It's amazing to see the growth we are experiencing!
“: If the conversation ain't about money then I ain't listenin... $O”
That was an interesting throw.
Goin to bed sad :/
When I was #InMiddleSchool I was
Thanks to you both!
I wonder who burned Tyler Perry studio
Definitely try the Stone Arch books. If you DM your email, I can send you a list.
#InCaseWeDie , Someone needs to take me to Australia. Good aye mate ;)
I WAKE UP 2 BREAKFAST N DATS BLUNT ROLED COUNTING MONEY FROM LASTNITE DATS A NICE TOTAL N IF U NIGGAZ GET STUPID I JUST MITE FOLD U
Yeah, and the pictograms aren't much help.
was me here!!!! I swear that girl is going to be famous!
Happy Sunday & Give Thanks 4 Life is Blessing. <U+2665>
Ouch! Feel better!
Dez w/o question. Great quote from Mike Francessa on Bryant last year: "He looks like he's from Mars."
East Coast Will - What's happening in the sky over there?
Are you counting down the days till Oxford?
but any whoo you found me lol!
If you knew better, you'd do better
What's your plan for this gorgeous sunny day? We open at 4pm!
Still time to get to Lestats for is up now.
This weekend!!! Dog & Pony Grill in Boerne, TX on Friday (8:30pm) & Evangeline Cafe in Austin on Saturday (10pm). Hope to see y'all!!
come outside
I still think your crazier then me
Everybody's at war with different things, I'm at war with my own heart sometimes
I'll agree the command & control leadership style should be dead, but how come there are so many examples of it still around?
Far away lol
you've got plenty of time to save up for Qatar!
Old, awkward men. RT : is it me or is this press conference just all kinds of awkwardness
#steelernation HERE WE GO STEELERS HERE WE GO! LOVE YA!
"Man, I LOVED Family Ties as a kid! I am SO excited!" Or, better yet, spread the rumor that Wil is ALF's love child!
Bears aren't really my thing. But by all means, y'all have fun!
#WOW I could see Kobe doin' that. Adelman will get revenge in the end
except not? Lol
feel free to send it my way too! i'm in tonight
downtown at 4 then back to the crib for the Spurs game then the fight!!! Gonna be a good day!! Happy Cinco de Drinco!!'n
Chris Parnell sure gets a lot of commercial / voice over work.
Going to bed. I've come to terms with the fact that I will never, ever, catch up.
sounds like a win
No. He's like a big bobblehead.
#ufprchat q1 study up on crisis PR and get ready to be disliked by the public, but loved by entertainment media and gossip columns.
"Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. - Carl Jung - thanks to Anita for sharing this one.
Wider travels have given me considerably greater insight into how cultural differences affect not only people, but politics and art
Why do I feel hungover almost every morning...even when I don't drink?
Movie Review: Lockout Proves Just How Out of This World Space Prison Really Is Review in a Hurry: In the future, the U.S. has built the u
has any player made that choice in the past? As 'sheed would say CTC.
- you're amazing...please send me a direct message. :)
If you're at the #ASC11 meeting ,make sure to stop by the book exhibit and say hello to !
my campaign this year for class officer>>>
RT : Nice to know you fucked around.
amen to that!
Any idea when we can expect Sucaba in Chicago? Looking forward to this year's batch.
Made another account today. Go follow it plzzzz. >>>> ;)
Thanks for the follow
Gluten free vs. Atkins?
Lunch break before I hit my XHTML Course. Learning code from scratch.
so sad you guys are closing shop! Another local business I love gone... :-(
ok ok ok im fuckin with you.....i gotta wait til u get back from your trip to come out there anyways fool
I forgot how old I was today. That was a weird feeling.
Just saw walked passed me with some food. It's like clock work up here. #AlwaysGrubbin lol
Morning twitter ;)
Have fun on your cruise!!!
what are you recording?
lmfao o:) <3 but I cried so hard.
Yeah talking shit only when you're with your friends is so cool.
Guilty Verdicts In PHONY Clooney Clothing Scandal
So glad you're remenicing on how we met after standing me up. :-*
Ender's Game by Orson Scott Card. (The "games" part of this is pure coincidence.) It's delicious, science fiction goodness.
Ah. Well, I guess that's the danger of having to cram info into 140 characters. Did you watch it, or had you seen it before?
your very welcome :D Hahaha yeah I'm pretty random (:
checking to see if we have more orders for today!
Watching The Proposal..... love this movie!
Note to Tracy Morgan: waiting for your P.S.A.!
Justice for all
seriously got a waterproof jacket too
I can't wait to see my Grandma <3
Nature Photography traveled to the today, getting the iMax experience.
#vegasroast about to get crazy!!!
Where receivers go to die...NYJETS..
what''s wrong!??
3 minute diversion to play fetch with the dog ... only way to get peace ... who's in charge here, anyway?
Thank you so much for your very kind words of support. We also feel truly blessed to be working with & in the 7th!
hey thanks for following! just read through some of your site - great content! the city needs more music fans like you :)
#MirandaTo3000 go follow ! love her tweets! (:
I keep trying to turn pages on my Kindle by grabbing the top corner like it's a book! Ha!
Getting my hair done... four hours into it now, for my CLOSE UP on TV FRIDAY in Beverly Hills, promoting Wings Of Love's mission!
Jealous. I get to stay here and be fat RT : My friends are coming up next weekend! Time to crash diet.
As long as you're getting laid over -- when ya coming back to Wisconsin?
I watched Finale last night. Pissed CT didn't win. By far my favorite vet.
Why do I have to click "Close" on this #newtwitter banner every time I log in? it's getting
When can we expect the new slices in Virginia Whole Foods?
O my gaw you just made my night 100% better! I love you!(:
I would love to hear from somebody thats on my mind :)
We were better. There's a reason you always get third...
yep. That is true. At the end of the day royals can't miss like that regardless of reason. Hopefully hoch is last big miss
TO really said that? *sigh* he needs some mental help. Those poor kids.
Just Got on Linkedin!
Lawrence Taylor's appearance on Inside the NFL seems to prove his only regret in soliciting an underage prostitute was that he got caught.
Unattributed note from Marcus's The Other Victorians: until mid-Victorian period, domestic servants exceeded industrial workers in UK. Wow!
Lets play a game, the rules are simple... watch all 6 saw movies in one night
#FF to keep up with real estate news - and for a laugh now and then.
I don't have much to pitch tonight, besides to be kind to one another, like always says.
this nigga said OVOXO til i die !!! lmfao does he even know what it means ? lol
All upcoming #physicallyfit #models #fitnessmodels in #southbeach #Miami #ftlauderdale we do video promos for models 2 gain exposure!
Feel better dude
And don't assume ur safe or dont assume I'm talkin bout u that jus makes u guilty but u can always ask :)
"Life is a journey, not a guided tour."
Please join me tomorrow morning for the last Atlanta book tour event at Bloomingdale's (Lenox Mall) from 11:00am-1:00pm. It is going to...
also, if you are riding to like really ride, may be time to step up to gears & a road bike. Join the dark side!
I think you will get into it.
I havent gotten a metion or RT in like two weeks
Thinkin bout a big jug of Rossi right now...
Gettn da kids dis weekend #Excited my daughters bring me alot of joy there da reason i keep going #FMG DADDY/DAUGHTER WEEKEND
thank you for following Paige and I. Paige is doing great at kicking leukemia's butt. Help families
Its super secret too(: RT : Hey everyone! DM if you'd like to be part of her plan! Sounds cool!! :D
Thanks! Downloaded and ready to deploy, now I just need a printer...
my grassroots free music startup & helping collect unclaimed royalties for bands has been my load tonight. You working on a new reel?
Lunch. Homemade Pulled Pork and Homemade Potato Chips. $6 bucks...fill yer guts.
School is the last fucking place I wanna be. I wanna go home and cry and sleep forever.
Can I get you another drink?
Halloween Pub Crawl this Saturday! Starts at 6:30 ! All the details here www.calpubcrawl.com!
Had to leave to enjoy some sunshine. Great morning & people. Thx organizers!
It's already 3:30? But... I swear it was like 2:00 just now, lol.
Well waiting for u to press my follow button and tweet me... And Im sick today soo staying home from school. I feel like crap
Examine what is said, not him who speaks. - Proverb
That beaver. It's so big. And brown.
Time to go ride in the rain.
« Nobody's perfect»
Sandra Chavarria, CEO of Communities In Schools Dallas Region named 2010 Leader in Education by TAB on June 23, 2010. www.cisdallas.org
Oh, so that's why Newt's in the room.
I think FastCo took your byline pic to illustrate the Martin Scorsese piece...
Yes they did, save the date june 2 will be posting more deatils shortly
#JefreeStar how did you come to be? what's your life story?
And watch movies.
I have no friends in plato.
Of the 11 members of the senior staff, four have been in their current positions of leadership for ten years or more.
Holy crap!!!!! I just saw the tribute to Amy Whinehouse tht did!! Omg!! AMAZING.!!!!!!
In that case, I recommend driving them all to Chicago and dropping them off on the south side.
so i dont text you
Goodluck to everyone competing in the 5k tomorrow!
ALC Health enhances iPMI cover Annual limits for plans increased
saw you at Augusta today. Perfect day to walk around wasn't it?
Fan page...Lol
haha aw, I have my nerd days (x & yes I hate advanced ! Lol, aw don't stress, you will do just fine!(:
“: The talented and beautiful just learned that she has been cast in a new feature film!! So proud” Thx honey! <U+2764>
So happy that baseball is back!!
I'll catch up on Klout tomorrow, nite all!
I just wirelessly updated my iPhone 4 and iPad 2 to iOS version 5.1.1 - no problems - both are on wifi - update completed in a few minutes
luvd madonna & she was killin it wit
This will be the most needed greatest spring break ever to Dallas I go :)
Is it true Melissa McCarthy and Jenny McCarthy are cousins? I don't believe it.
I may have to try to listen at work.
u said u was going to try to have a fun weekend! Lol
EarthSaverBags are eco-trendy reusable bags for the style conscious and environmentally friendly consumers!Have a great week w/ Earth-Saver!
Extra strong lockets taste of sick :'((
What do you look for in a guy?
Victoria Secret's Amber Romance
I don't think it's more expensive during happy hr.I'm hoping for place w food.
haha ikr!! did you see when he was making fun of Justin Biebers song Boyfriend Lol!!
LOL I don't leave any either
I guess this the last time we go out to eat with skyler... At least for awhile
Don't EVER compare them again. EVER!!! BTW, JD called Altuve "Piranha" the other day. Better than Mosquito IMO
RT : It's easy to join our mailing list! Just send your email address by text message: Text OHIOFUN to 22828 to get started.
WE ARE EVERYWHERE. (Yes, that's meant to be as ominous as it seems.)
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. Joseph Campbell
is tomorrow really Monday?
thank you, my "old" friend haha XO
oh word! Come through and get you a bowl!
Knowing a person is like music, what attracts us to them is their melody, and as we get to know who they are, we learn their lyrics.
a game we won lol
Bath salts, K2, Spice & now Crocodile-the new drug in US. Kills in 2-3 yrs have u talked to your children
no one should ever have to ask permission to defend one's self. 'nuff said
a good bff would look past it and offer me a beer
not even close, Louisiana
Discussing last week's tent removal with : "this is a UC camp us" ha!
I have a really, really hard time forcing people to treat me the way I deserve.
Thrilled to see on selection committee for
If yuhr happy then I guess ill leave
a good reason to start making yogurt at home. think I'll turn that milk in my fridge into another batch
The guys who founded Skype, Kazaa, and the ill-fated video site Joost are behind a new music subscription service, Rdio.
we will let you make your own affogato (espresso over gelato)
Who loves you, baby? RT : Thanks for the shoutout!
My daughter and I will be there tonight!! Hook it up so we can see you for a minute, please!! :)
RT for the chance to win a complimentary #ASHASpa massage!
NCL Announce Biggest Sale Reduced Deposit, Free upgrades, Free onboard credit! Details Jackie 954-514-4413 Please RT!
what's up D?
Thank you for being better at my job than I am!
First ask yourself: What is the worst that can happen? Then prepare to accept it. Then proceed to improve on the worst.
I'm on the West Coast so it's even more fun to get the snarky preview. Love it!
lol. can't sleep?
One thing I learned from Aikido, everyone falls down but it's about learning how to fall to get up fast.
“: When I have children, I'm gonna make them whatch the movie 2012. And tell them I survived that like a boss.”
WHAT U KNOW ABOUT THE YANKEES LOL JK THATS MY TEAM BUT OFCOURSE I LOVE OUR VERY OWN ROCKIES ASWELL:)
I ask because those seem solvable, while usability is difficult and usually terrible.
On tonight's "How the Beatles Rocked the Kremlin", find out how they changed Soviet fans' lives and gave them hope. On MPTV 36 at 9PM.
World Comedy Club Tonight! 8:30pm, 10:30pm , , Get Comedy Tickets here
Faith makes things possible, not easy. <3
super chill going home this weekend
unfortunately no, I am traveling thru the weekend
holy smokes its freezing in rochester. is your hometown cold?
haha I dunno know about that! But thank you!
Heck yes! Be like That one guy with a flying rug and get here in like 5 seconds. ~ Cocoa beach pier ~
no silly! The next one
Yesterday: phonecall- 'Hi we'd like to shoot you in Texas!' ...Pardon? Today: flying to Dallas to film for Discovery's 'Fatal Encounters' :)
just want some of those peanut butter cookies... :)
I would hate haters, but that would make me a hater too.
Beer pong and shots with my boys!
Phil's #RiverRatCounseling is great!
Charles Musser thanks for all his hard work setting up this conference. We second that! Thanks, Dan.
-- personally, I like the datalog, pattern-matching query language, not unlike SPARQL, and the "peered, journaled triples" model.
lmao yes & our invention to make titanic as a roller coaster lol
start saving up your money , NOW & so i will i [; & does your sister want anything ? cx
"There are only 2 reasons why people can hurt you. 1. You really care about them 2. They don't care about you"
okay okay, okay okay, you will never stop it now.
lol I know you did that's why I did it
Thanks! I'm not going. Ted Leo is playing at Case that night and I can't miss him.
Worst day I've had in awhile
We are starting her in swim lessons in June- she will be 10months old =) Hopefully it becomes a great <U+2665> of hers!
It's bizarre how many more anti-Muslim tweets I get than anti-gay or anti-atheist ones. (I'm not Muslim. I am gay & atheist. And yet...)
Ha! I've 33 more to eat&drink. You're welcome to join. Crabs, cupcakes, sushi, octopus, pizza &more are still on the list.
is here and is fabulous! She has organized this whole event and everything looks amazing :)
Hockey fans, follow for live updates from today's #Bruins #Islanders game at the TD Garden!
I hope so! Are you definitely going home for the summer?
yes please! what time?
so happy....you made my day!
#SalesTruth RT : It's YOU that clients connect with. That's your real competitive edge.
Kobe fuckin wade up...fuck the heat
theyre so much fakes! im reporting all the fakes!
True, we can all learn a thing from even me. LOL
- Love #DontBeTardy for the Wedding!
Hippies on Venice Beach. I love it there. You've become one. lol Go to "Hal's," my favorite spot there to eat.
pretty freaking scary!
I miss y'all little niggas too !
Freddie Riley is trying to make this a memorable night. Junior has an NBA 3 and a huge-one-hand jam.
Kenney: Cornell Lib just hit 50% of acq as E-resources. Half goes to just 3 publishers that put out 42% of scholarly journals.
what's with you and doing fun things on tuesday nights?
I am tired of having the elite managed a sinking ship. The rats are bailing
We're all born for a reason. The journey in life is to find that reason.
"No matter where you are, know that my love is never far" #Np Lyfe Jennings, I Will Always Love You
Nice shot. I just lost myself for an hour in that website.
Post a positive comment there and we will give you a double chance at winning the $100 GC to Braddock's at our event!
doup!! (with a Homer Simpson expression)
crash confirmed: FairfaxPike both directions at I-81 - police should clear it shortly #VATraffic ;-)
yeah man i did :)
While her clothes are still on, one of the most intimate places you can lay some kisses is along her collarbone. sextip
shout out!
According to Dr. Trent segregation in cities has returned to levels reached in 1968. He cited PG County.
Made my whole week! Thanks & good luck.
We hope you think so!
RT : Be prepared. Before an important meeting, do your homework.
No job, poor health and soon to be homeless. Long since lost the will to give a shit. DRINK!
hearing my daughter sing her graduation song lets me know its time for voice lessons. she writes and loves to sing. artist in the making.
“: Here at #ImagineRIT2012 with rockin outside the Field House from 10-Noon. Gift cards, shirts, and prizes.”
Some US cities have more MRIs than entire provinces in Canada.
I do miss my house. Two celebrations of life this weekend too, one for a friend so pretty sad.
Whose going to see Mayday Parade tonight? We'll be there! Come hang :-)
I am taping it on my dvr. I cannot believe this is the end :-(
rumor is he might be in the UK section tonight. Wouldn't that be just perfect?
maker just seems like a co-option of the term hacker in a trademarkable way.
Oh, I have PLANS for you and me. PLANS. And I'll email them to you.
Census data shows that Detroit's population at 713,000 - lowest since 1910. Mayor's initiatives even more urgent now.
Why? “: The U.S. exported more gasoline, diesel and other fuels than it imported in 2011 for the first time since 1949.”
Former President Bill Clinton in DC next Friday. Stay tuned for more details!
follow back ????? (: would make my night (:
where do you work ?
trick question, ditka!
Thanks for the shout out!
Ok, so now I am awake.... It's mardi GRAS! I took yesterday off, I got much needed sleep now I'm ready 2 play again!
I wish my girlfriend wasn't in Illinois..
It's like you disgust me and I feel like I'm talking to my uncle eeeeww
I hear 70,000 others agree.
with jenn, discovering the joys of twitter
Hey! You guys need to tour again really soon...I miss you guys </3
Proud to say I picked out Ralph Fiennes in Schindler's List, even with a nose.
Drew Breeeees!!!! NFL Single passing leader #saintssuperbowl. Yup I said it
FUCK MY LIFE :(
I was at that event.. must have been outside smoking ! but that was sad!!
Didn't #KimKardashian just get back from her honeymoon? Didn't I just watch their wedding on tv? #what a waste
Monday and Tuesday so far
Love got harder to find, every since lust became easier to fulfill.
I didn't wanna work in fast food but I'm thinking about it, they give way more hours the retail
“: #JustinTimberlake says he "looked like a moron" during his #NSync days."
LOL they were all quite... interesting!
We often take for granted the people that love us most unintentionally.
if I would I could!!
Love is when you find someone better, yet you stay with the same person you promised to spend forever with.
Four Horsemen are Hall of Fame Bound
#np it would be you by Trey Songz
Happy Friday! Watch for your Valpak envelope in homes next week...Save! Save! Save!
~ Thanks for the follow. Here's my gift to you today, up to 80 off at restaurants.com use the code "Sun" thru 7-13
It's pronounced Mili-wa-kay, which means, The Good Land. RT : Why do sports in Milwaukee exist?
“: Life with you makes perfect sense, you're my best friend. -Tim McGraw” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
this was a kid who wasn't affiliated with OSU until he said he'd go. he's a HS kid, OSU has no jurisdiction over him
we r lucky not to have "formal" obsrvns, but our principal does drop ins. We do a self directed appraisal system.
MOM, THANKS FOR LETTING ME STAY UP TO WATCH THIS GAME.
6am workout tomorrow morning
okay well I'll let you know of you can room with me or not!
Late to the game seeing your tweet about this, but I've been feeling the same way lately. Its gotten so bad I can't even write!
a relationship is just too much for me at the moment
Just saw Trillin in NYC last night! He quoted Richler! That event on post-Richler satire sounds great.
send over a link bro so I can check it out. I wanna hear it!
You can only be free if I am free. ~Clarence Darrow
& Eat U-Swirl! ;) RT Excessive heat warnings today! Please drink plenty of water and take frequent breaks when outdoors.
Today marks my one year anniv' w/ Got to meet & more.
you will always be the bf from Don't Tell Mom the Babysitters Dead. But I love me some WIll Gardner from
nobody's forced to do anything that's a talent, everyone can't do hair ,but everyone can say they out here grinding hard
I'm following the next 10 who follows !!!
Just joined the iPad revolution.
<<it would be hard to shift them out entirely. Q4.
so not fair I wish I could stay home!!! Maybe ill act sick ;)
Phoenix Bats
D'oh!.. Damn.. I got Lotion.. On my Dress Pants.. Oop's was I to say this Out Load?
Just had my abs handed to me. Thanks Ab Ripper X2. xoxo, sore and sleepy.
It would be wise to have your vehicle checked out by a knowledgeable mechanic if it was overheating recently.
Merry Christmas to all
Don't let the bastards get you down. Move on. The last thing a bastard wants is to be forgotten.
hey i'm just a kid who likes your music and it would mean a lot to me if you followed me thanks
I can hear from 4 states away
no problem. Keep up the good work and thinking deeply.
• Spanish PM Rajoy rules out a bailout• Soros' solutions for Europe • Today's agendaLive blogging now: Julia Kol..
Ill do anything to sleep with my bf right now
i haven't heard the greatest reviews of that stuff. I do like strong though.
Or maybe GDP is a meaningless statistic?
Prepping for my shoot on Sunday for Current TV.. This teleprompter business should be pretty interesting!
grenade launcher for CS gas.
morning already... time goes by when you're having fun.... off to make breakfest for ALL THE TEENS....EXPRESSO TIME!!!!!!!!
If I said it then the shits true!
Music and art may soon join languages on the endangered list at Pennsylvania elementary schools
Bahahahaha that's hilarious... I might be gone today.. fighting a case of food poisoning right now lol
Connecticut Department of Correction investigates death of Bridgeport inmate
follow our personal accounts! and ! k thanks :)
your welcome doll!you made my day today..I will be sending you an email later today:)
14% — The percent of Illinois' population without health insurance in 2009. The national average: 17%.
When people talk behind ur back, don't mind them. You gotta be in front of them for them to talk behind ur back.
They're both delicious.
OH MY GOSH. SUNDAY.....YES SUNDAY I GET TO SEE YOUR LOVELY FACE... <3
"til there’s nothing left standing, nothing left of yesterday, every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away"
stop it. Your making my butthole clench LOL
I FEEL LIKE A SINGLE FISH IN AN OCEAN SIZED TANK... A BIRD WITH NO WINGS I DIAMOND WITH NO BLING
ur a bit late hun xP
People are really showing they ass today
You Kno I Will
Jonny Evans (Manchester United) wins a free kick in the defensive half.
Spent the last two evenings re-tuning my bike gears since Performance Bike is apparently incapable of doing it. Caple's Bike shop now open.
Fresh cut...Yessir
250 I'll reply after I shower. I wanna talk.
Good looks and a bad attitude don't mix. Stop being so bitter.
Rocked quiz section today with a one two knowledge punch.
Thanks David. Good luck to you.. STaylor in touch.
Proper treatment lies in identifying the type of UI the patient suffers from, as treatment therapies applied to each are very different
Favorite place to watch a Badger football game? RT your favorite to
New happiest moment of your life? Hahaha :)
Well, I've probably talked your ear off.
Why is there a cop sitting in front of my house....
Getting my hair did!! ;)
I'm so swagerific
Happy #mayday everyone!
what cleanse do u suggest
Yep, it's made with bits of real panther, so you know it's good.
No. But when I got to ColdStone she had texted me with 'Text me when you're on your way back' Are you fucking kidding me?
i write not so that i can teach you, but rather so that you can learn from yourself.
Things have been busy lately. It seems as though a lot of people like to start entirely fresh by cleaning their hard drive. Let us do it!
i love you guys!!
Its official. Ive gotten to that point where I can say, with confidence, that I am too old for certain types of bars.
got my money for my english book , it was so needed...
TACO BELL hit the spot :)
Never heard of sugru, I'm intrigued now.
Tuning in to #ArtHour. Interesting convo
I'm gonna memorize rap in feat "look at me now"
I feel like theres still bitches that owe me sex.
Mayneeeeee #TheEmpire boy ": Y'all ready for some good music maaayneee ?"
Oh Eric Bledsoe will you marry me??? Haha he is fine! And he ballin for the #Clippers !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
#WeWontWork if you can't trust me .
Me and Rick always arguing like a old ass married couple lmao smh
New on cask is two from Doggystyle Pale Ale and the FEAR. Swing by tonight at 7 and go home with a glass
Happy birthday to my oldest. 12yrs old today.
Don't know yet, but something like that seems logical. May 26, June 23, and July 7 all in Vegas would be over saturation.
I wish I had ADHD so I could take some Adderall to help me concentrate.
fixed my data dilemma, just had to turn it on
thank you. Honored by my company on the list and the inclusion.
I don't Give a Damn about the FCC! Twitter Late Night!!!
is not ok
Good Morning Fans! Thanks for the follow backs! We are already open at #Coronado Center and #Cottonwood Mall! Visit us today!
Senior Joe?!
Are you prepared? It's the first day of hurricane season! And the National Hurricane Center Predicts Above Average 2011 Season.
Yeah! happy to hear you're stoked about a potential edit-a-thon :D
"Well first of all, he's a snuggler." ~ 14 year old diabetic named Jack describing his diabetic service dog Roger. Love it!
sight reading on gtr = read anything and everything: nice way tog et close to peices you would not play in public on gtr. but love
Have a Merry International IPA Day! is having an event to celebrate today....go!
Me walking around Target..little girl says, "MOM LOOK AT HER HAIR!! Wow. Ariel!!!" Hahaha omg (x
Reggie McKenzie has shown he has no class in firing Hue Jackson after only one year as coach. Raiders beware of his gutting!
its going to take massive amounts of self control so i dont flip a lid tomorrow
I dunno ! It depends , but like I'm saying since you wanna goo and I doo, we sshouuld get the ticketss togeder, u know
Sure :D
Big s/o to , last night was just great! I love my church.
do you think its true???
uhm puppy chow! or idk anything just bring something. anything.
That the best man for the job is getting a much needed endorsement. We need a statesman, not a tea party lap dog.
Thanks Kate. Have a great weekend!
hey gang! Without #SOTG2011 we are at jazz. Will it rain on the mall tonight!?
Not everyone that comes into your life has an expiry date, some people will love you enough to stay.
I don't know! How have I not seen this yet?
This time Rosario blogged guide of aspiration
not sure if this is a serious question...
Fear God, not them
I like that RT “: Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day in and day out”
Got to sleep in =D now to get ready for my new second job! First official day! LB WHERE YOU @! ;)P
That girl that was with roc in hello is on ABDC she got her own crew that wassup!!!! :)
we got the same last name lml :)
Me too!
oh dear...did you get any response emails though? lol
getting sleepy.. gotta finish this paper though.. then tomorrow another 6 hours at school =/ and its barely the 1st week!
That "secret" Beasties show at the Bottom of the Hill? One of the greatest.
brutal south TX bias...
Congrats to Tiger Woods on taking his first win in 2 years!
REMINDER: Lost and Found Reception Starkweather Arts Center this FRIDAY FROM 6-8PM
& Katy Perry is the only thing I can play semi-competently. I don't really know what the originals sound like, so that helps.
Watching #BigBangTheory. Sheldon, "Live Long and suck it Zachary Quinto."
Nothin is sweeter than summertime and breakfast Children's Hospital :) #enjoy!
at a Texas Democratic party dinner.
<U+2665> Thanks for following! :]
Can't wait till 3:15
Rest assured your site works perfectly! We just cheated to make the thumb (so it filled that box). You rule!
Watching the Big Idea! - The New Art of Selling seems to be the topic for tonight. Donny's show really inspires me! Oh & I'm still working!
Welcome back from April Break! Hope everyone had a restful week.
"eggs, milk, T.P., hair product."
My pleasure Elli!!
I want a Starbucks brownie...
Everyone like us on facebook www.facebook.com/jenfek
There's not a thing in the world wrong with that. Believe me. I know. It actually makes lots of sense. Follow your heart, always
Lmao RT : I want flip phone just to pull it out on niggas I feel are boosty....
Joe Marillo will be playing tonight from 7pm to 9pm! Live Jazz at Enoteca!
All i know is i dont know how to be something you miss
new I don't have to do that.
@ Hey do You have Facebook Or Messenger .?????
hey girly! U going to prom?
1 of the best ways to get a girls attention...hav a big umbrella on a rainy day!¡!
Insanity starts in 4 days, hope I can walk after the first day.
I tweeted watching Aladdin before if was a TT wut now
-smirks- Amen, sister!
I like the new logo
one day y& realize you're a hater ;)
That person you can be weird with>>>
-You really shouldn't give up your dream. Cause you are giving up something that is possible<U+2665>.
Ah, finally back home. Feels nice to be bac on the dresser (: haha
Im at Century 14 - 5 minutes to
you don't have a fone?
beehive in Boston is nice. But I agree with Join us at Coops in quincy
I've got 2 hours before my health insurance runs out. I need to make some bad decisions very quickly
My pleasure
No matter what time it is wawa is always the best.
hey Austin!when's new merch gonna be sold?xoxo
he's my favorite :) crying cause colton went home :'(
I'm justin bieber meets jadakiss - yes That is exactly how I describe myself too.
So then I go to uni & I learn the system. I learn that ppl are suppose to want tenure & make sacrifices.
Well i'm just happy you have recovered and is here to tweet and walk the earth
describe your semen. is it chunky, smooth, translucent, milky white, watery , gooey, or all of the above?
no problem ur good
peep the project from my producer download from www.o-dmusic.com super fire sh!t dun dun. Be in the know
#imabelieberbecause he helped me in the worse moments of my life. He gives me hope. And he cares and loves all of his fans.
Conversation moves into comics. Peloff gives a shout out to Persepolis.
Thanks, Anna!
no problem. when i see the schedule ill tweet out the link to everyone
Light a nice one up n hit the buffet
Yay!!! Just talked to :-). She's gonna judge me. We just got off the phone like 25 secs ago lol
I guess I should find a Devils writer, too. And a Coyotes writer. Those would be nice to get before their seasons end.
bombay got alotta proof
i'll just cuddle with my comforter instead. okay!
#TheLuckyOne is the girl that gets to be DRAKE's lady <U+E328>
Beer Brats Tailgating #Brewers all the the best things in life
and in my opinion are the best couple in the competition.! you guys are wining, thats it!
CIA Archives: School for Danger - French Resistance During WWII (1943)
Thanks for the follow and glad you like Rosendale!
Another day another dollar
For me, there is only one of you and no one can ever replace you.
Mandatory Homosexual Rant: Our music playlists are the life of the party.
Have we promised not to make noise?
Official end of era as Blazers waive Brandon Roy via Amnesty Clause, which allows signing of an old Roy pal, Jamal Crawford.
Can you help? RT : I need a good handout for helping students read/understand scholarly articles. HALP!
Somebody come bring me food. I'd like that.
haha I'll try to take better care of it than I did my leg!
My nigha I'm tired, tired tired.
I'm unashamed, I'm gonna show my scar.
": i'm not supposed to be within 50 feet of a school......or a chucky cheese."
it was pioneering in a legal sense if nothing else.
Don't be silly, the only Nirvana that exists is off their baby penis album. Nobody listens to In Utero.
If you use the word tits, especially around a woman, you are a dirtbag. Also, saying "tits" instead of "cool" or awesome" is way lame.
When you are in love you can't fall asleep because reality is better than your dreams. ~ Dr. Seuss
SEM is just another way of saying "make money using Google." Yahoo! and Bing barely come up in these presentations.
But of course; what a stellar birthday-set... Rest assured, you reign atop the #myfavoritememphian list! Happy Anniversary! lp
Go ahead, Turn the Key...
At the lincoln park zoo.
I just wrote you on 'fb' .. and its really important (to/for me & others) please respond when/if you get the chance .
kentucky had a scare against the auburn tigers but have pulled away and win by 15.
I STARTED WATCHING IT ITS MY NEW FAVORITE SHOW EVER
;; hard to explain
take a listen to Over You by Graffiti6
Headache like no other <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
This year's Lilac Festival started off with perfect weather and lots of blooms. I spent a couple of hours there and had fun.
Yo Oprea! Not Wonderbread. Been a big fan of you and your popularity ranking. RT for your biggest fan? <U+263A>
There's a young Latina in my HS sophomore class whose sister goes to ; glad Obama made shout out to Latinas
#ThatAwkwardMomentWhen expect a full course meal and it never shows up...
I'm going to grow a mustache until I get to Seattle.
Ah! I forgot my ipad!!!
whats that mean?
I never teach my pupils. I only attempt to provide the conditions in which they can learn. ~ Albert Einstein
these sweet potato pop chips taste like coconut macaroons in my mouf.
I could use some olive garden!
