loll. Dude.. This dude from Mexico was talking to me. Lol
hmm I'm looking forward to see what happened to him. It's going to be interesting
haha im happy for you guys<3
You may be disappointed if you fail, but you are doomed if you don't try.
twitter is for following groups, news, interesting ppl; facebook for family/friends
Hey Gorgeous :-)
RT : It's #EqualPayDay: this date symbolizes how far into 2010 women must work to earn what men earned in 2009
RT Happy #OpeningDay #SFGiants Fans - We're in LA ready for 1st pitch 5pm. Where are you watching tonight's game? #BeatLA // ESPN!
OKC Thunder Basketball! Reserve your seats now for tonight's shuttle to the game from Norman and Edmond for only $15/ea. Call 405.447.2446
So let me get this straight. Marlins hire a nut job as manager - & now we are all surprised because he says nutty things? Just win baby..
P.S.: We're told our posts aren't showing up in Google Reader for some people. Who all is having this issue?
u gotta cop it
Rush Limbaugh currently pouring out a bottle for all the rich people in America and how bad they have it.
The next day, Hurlbut accompanied me to the home of James Petigru, who was known by Mr. Lincoln as a man of staunch Northern sympathies.
Check out our Birch Bar drink specials starting today! Sunday - $4 Highland Gaelic Ale Drafts® and Monday - $4 House Rums. Come on by!
Todays Specials are $2 Bud Light Pints $3 Bass pints & $4 Jack Daniel's *You-Call-Its
RT : #GOPDebate Trivia: Tonight at the Reagan Library is Rick Perry's first debate, and his first visit to a library.
"Are you mixed?" -three people to me today... "Why, is my penis that obvious?." -my answer to those people.
You gotta own it if you want it.
Wherethehottiesat.com is "duh, winning!" fans in switzerland....
Best part of my day so far? Forgetting that I had a donut in my bag until just a moment ago. Thanks !
No trip to Indy to see your boys???
Bill Nye the Science Guy! Bill! Bill! Bill! Bill Nye the Science Guy!
Comments or complaints let me know cab number or color. Thanks BaltTservice Improving taxi quality.
We don't need your recording, money, or pretentious attitude. If you like the music, go to a sing. Otherwise, leave it alone.
you recommended a dentist the other, right?
“: I'm inviting you to a party for two. -Shania Twain w. B. Currington”
first #PuppyConan, and now #HamsterConan awesome
Today's recommendation, 'Nabeyaki Udon', a nice warm noodle soup that comes with green salad. Make it a nice rainy day.
Pretty - I like it! Have you come across any that allow for images of different dimensions (e.g. book covers)?
Thank you! Happy New Year!
had an awesome productive rehearsal last night at Hot Yoga. 5 days in counting till our Woolly premiere! Get excited.
So my moms engaged. So happy she found someone but does this mean I have to throw her a bachelorette party?
I miss your tweets :/ Hope youre doing all right! Still promoting your website! ;) Xo.
oh i love waking up to all your positave tweets, thank you for making me day better
Happy Labor Day! Drop by SECCA this weekend. We're open today & Sat (10 am - 5 pm) and Sun. (1- 5 pm). Free admission, as always.
¤ Life is better when we treat others as we would be treated...
Congrats! RT : JUST WON A SIGNED POSTER FROM !!!
lookin for you
enjoyed meeting people in town for #siasnowsports come down and visit us tomorrow!
M Godivia chocolate cheesecake or cheesecake with strawberries. Now I want some!
Over 10 years ago I had to drive 3 hours to see Tonight I can watch their performance at home.
Just came across 's video channel & absolutely love it. Great work!
oh my goodness! I'm so sorry! That's sad! :(
ok cool, ill figure it out =)
Idk if I replied to you or not lol.
mix is done. Oh shit. Bangin mix. Electro Smash vol VI (Epic Mother F**ker). Will send it later on today.
You can't find what God has not sent.
Late night Walmart shopping with my dad.
Nothing quite listening to H.O.T. music on a Friday night! Tim Hwang and Jimmy Eat World helped put me in a somber, sedated state.
Man. This is really the year of doing grown-up stuff, isn't it?
“: Can't wait to buy me a bike!”you aint bout that CR life
I dont have any#psanderettememories cause I've never met you:( Follow me Please??
Missing :(... No Worries! They will be back and serving up yummy lunches and pastries next week!
gomez staying hot..great approach again ,going opposite field for a base hit..
relaxing. Injured my back and neck. How are you
It's crazy to think I drank enough to kill some people and I haven't even thrown up from it.
that just ruined my day #sorry. Btw your notes looked like a disturbing childrens book.
Haha yeah ikr! Just one more month, it's so exciting and the trailer has me SO pumped (:
Cant blame me!!! :) RT : Damn was up $700 and gave it all back.
Nah(: I'm gonna go to ah party >.<3
Miracle is a conclusion; Mentorship is a beginning.
well, what are you waiting for? Join in, take pictures or get the hell outta there.
whatever, thats a lie!
Thanks for the follow. Let us know if there is anything we can do for you. We got a lot of artists always down for remixes.
I am in agreement with you:) go out and get your place!!! today is your day.
MADISON GO FOLLOW !! MADISON GO FOLLOW !!
I think she looks better pre-photoshop as well! Here's to real ladies!
CRIMES OF THE HEART continues at the Open Fist in hollywood tomorrow and thursday, 8pm! Come and support live theatre and yours truly! :)
Steve's Greek on Newbury needs to re-open already! That place is sacred ground.
You can't let Oliver keep pitching
Uncle Jess talks so loud!
don't worry they will (:
I cried like 15 times throughout that movie.
Was watching the late night news, of course last night with John McCain saying he does his own twitter. YEA!
thanks LL, classy
That is EXACTLY what I said when I saw that pic! #GetOuttaMyHead Happy Janet = Happy ME
You have to check out the new loose leaf teas at Mariano's. The #blueberry wild child is my favorite!
Happy; Enjoying a Surly Furious in ne mnpls.
Q5 In my lib, there's confusion about "barcode." Since we do circulation remotely, we don't use cards, yet PAC asks for barcode.
Watching #basketballwives thinking Tami needs to get some serious help!
a night out in brighton fucks me up.
@ the Library: its very possible that there is an old man in our bathroom giving birth to an Alien. let's avoid that area.
Observing people in airports is hilarious
that's the old site. New site coming soon.
What if it gets returned 'addressee unknown' or 'refused delivery'?
I have never heard of anyone missing a sale because of listening to the prospects needs, wants and desires. Zig Zigler
I think you should nick, gotta look classy for the lady!
hold up! when is this happening?
Murder? Never! We'd definitely mark your picture with a #sadface on our Wall o' Pet Lovers, though.
its a suny day m3n am torn down.
And, still no no-hitter for the Mets after 8,000 games.
I really do love my girlfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Got my Graduation notice email....ah so excited! 4 years of work done in 2 1/2 years. Done with college in the winter!!
Will do...
Diplomas..."bonafide high school graduates"...loving the family with the Pom poms...: )
Back to reality, z's ...
Agreed completely!
well im here and waiting.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.-- Sophocles
iHoppppp bound. #yum <U+E043><U+E147>
The boy loves to hear Jerry sing sweet songs to rock his soul
Up packing!!! Trying to condense outfits an get multiple wears out of one pair of shoes is tough!
Pdx free drinks some free food amusing company. Wish more were take home gay.
2.8 billion in improvements for #BCPS and the other counties are looking at maintenance of effort...wow
Spending all day w my mom. Whatever she wants to do, I'll do.
SKY. WALKER. LIVING. THE. DREAM.
ANDREW TWEETED ME :D
RT so me & guna look super cute to see #MANA tonight :) / Ohh yes we are :)
You're probably doing nothing.
Is it baseball season yet? Can't wait for the to start
Neurological appointments <<<
Count it down for us Mike.
this is the first time manray says what he feels and he has no support.
2011 Holiday Gift Guide
“: If your boyfriend has to erase his messages before he gives you his phone, your boyfriend isn’t worth shit.”
Hey aka #TeamEVilla let's make it a good week! Customer Satisfaction is key!
Great to connect with you yesterday! Looking forward to what happens next!
You Stay Classy
We'll try brother. Hopefully no cop car planking though.
Home sweet home. <3
Tod of Tagasaurus: Americans spend 2 billion hours watching television. How can we harvest some of that free time? Ex. wikipedia.
yes. & he's gorgeous & sweet & bro hes just amazing.
Thats whats up!!!!! Jus let me know what track you wanna use and its a go!!!!
thank you girl
On a roll--great OT win! RT OOOOOODUYA!!!! Bollie gets it to #27, and it's in! Hawks win, 2-1!
We will pay $100 for your old sofa!!! We will pay $100 towards your new sofa purchase if you bring your old one.!!!
my favorite part of it? the whole thing.
You know what i meant!!!
Uhoh, that's a big work-related punch hole....you doing ok??!
watch movies online megavideo
It's almost time for us to get back to work. In the meantime, we'll keep partying like the rest of you crazies!
happy Mother's Day to you! :)
That's what I get for telling him to throw strikes, I guess. Way to shit the bed, Derek.
Well deserved Jean Dujardin! What a great performance in a wonderful movie!
Is there a German word for asking on Twitter whether or not the Germans have a single word for your own specific, complicated observation?
Ah!! Yay!! xx Maria and Rebecca aren't home but later you should come over and say hi to us((((: #IveMissedYou!!!!
YMCA just called to cancel a 4hr long CPR class I was supposed to take tonight... #Bachelorette premiere---it's ON!
Me: *taking advil*... Mom: "Have a headache?" ... Me: "Nope, just popping pills."
Hey, I'm a little drunk on you & high on summertime :)
Online since 1985
did that yesterday but after being peed on, puked on and sweaty all within a 8 hr period & forgetting about deodorant... yeah
Getting married under a dinosaur.. it'd be so funny if it fell during the ceremony.
If your body is Christ, why not honor him by taking advantage of all the pleasure your body can offer? Enjoy his bounty!
Wow. Preconceptions standing in the way? Are you blaming your lack of meaningful communication on us?
At what price point would you buy a new computer over a used one?
Lay em on me!
the new books combine the mythology from the 80s comics, 80s cartoon, the 2003 cgi series an the live action first film
This is great! Thanks for sharing
FUCK NO!!!!!!!!!!!!! KLAUS JUST GOT STABBED FML I HATE THIS SHOW
had a big bowl Of vottos and a juice box when i woke up.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to long-time listener and supporter, !!! Hope it's a great one, bud!
Welcome to the internet (again).
where is ?
Great !!! You are my go to for Yankee info
excellent. So far so good. Be well!!
how are you today? follow me? :)
Finally out of the DMV! #woohoo now gotta race home, change clothes, get girls, off to sitter, than I gonna act like I own the night.
DeMaio says preserve existing transportation system. He says budget isn't balanced bc of road repairs.
Boys rockin michael jackson jackets in the club lmao smfh
ok I have re group after that tough loss last night. we have are winners!!
I think he is creepy. Like Axe Murderer creepy.
Listen to "Psychotic Reaction" from 4-5!!
Follow on Instagram for commencement shots. You won't regret it.
The hardening of the #arteries is better controlled with unsaturated #fats and exercising, not with #statin drugs or low-fat
haha! Yeah ;) here I am!
But, certainly, as a consumer whose needs are not being met, let them know.
has good tasste in select word arrangments that strike rare chords.
My congressman, Brad Miller, blames the past, denies responsibility for the present and voted against raising the debt ceiling. ~D
I dated people before you so #JustGetOverIt and stop trying to put chlorine in my vagina. It's rude. I'm not peeling you like a snake, am I?
If you're at SFO, it's not San Francisco...
Can you imagine PBS's ratings if they put RA into a show like Blue's Clues? ROFL!!! I'm dying just thinking about it.
Strange indeed. RT What does it say about GOP that two "conservative" alternatives to Mitt are bashing him for being a capitalist?
how was the phil knight interview? i missed it. but friends....i saw oprah behind the scenes. holy cow.
just saw you on Ned's Declassified. Never realized you were in it. Omg
What are pasties? Those things burlesque dancers put on their nipples?
be less curious about people and more curious about ideas
You wont grow up and im okay with that keep letting your friends be your back bone and see how long that lasts.
Wow. So far 7/9 graduation awards have gone to women at the iSchool.
Follow Back :)
sleeping like a baby tonight.
GO BADGERS!
umm.wtf do I do now.
Getting High<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
I know! We need pics of Idris Elba at the White House stat!
Last few weeks*
God bless everyone goodnight (:
trying hard to get out of it and it's a process though.
I LOVE BLUE IVY
we should all play golf that Friday before my bachelor party, could y'all leave Lubbock on Thursday tho?
I pray for all those people that were involved with the earthquake and the hurricane hope you guys are doing good
if I only I had your number D:
Is there a "Most Hip" category at the MVPA Awards? If so we might both win! See u at the show (Airport Hilton banquet room 8).
sly daddy
The hard part of enterpreneurship is implementation. Everyone talks about the same ideas. Success is implementing those ideas
Probably because he goes down with a sneeze. RT : Apparently no one loves Lamar Miller in this draft. Interesting....
Happy Easter Tweeps!
Let's go fly a kite up to the highest height. Let's go a fly a kite and send it soaring.
Sounds like you will be in a fun place. Is that for work or vacation. Thanks for the kind words. I hope to be back next year.
*WIN* a FREE E-copy of PRETTY AMY until Mon at 5pm PST! To enter tweet "Excited for #PrettyAmy digital release 5/15" Pls RT
No way. Is that already a real biz?
"#ThingsGhettoPeopleDo Go on Maury thinkin there is going to be a good outcome at the end just to find out they are filling child support"
Trust me, I have been on a hunt for fabric similar to that to no avail. I want to make those so bad.
I will always love you no matter What happens . i hope yu give me a chance to be with you
Leave your sons well instructed rather than rich, for the hopes of the instructed are better than the wealth of the ignorant. Epictetus
Most annoying thing about Google Books? That Google refuses to show a "Find in a library" link to any text that it also sell as an ebook
Betting what size units??
I hope everyone has a very horny day :D
Great song! Never heard it before - I must be getting old. Boo.
not worried, Im gonna get you first for those iPhone slurs
that's why u pull out and act like u busted lol
4pm show anchored by and And yes, added together they're still younger than Mark Koebrich.
Melissa Myatt and the Chase tonight at All Asia!!! 6PM!!! Check them out!
A wonderful life is a must at Christmas I think
My summer is not going to go like I thought it would, but it's okay!! I'm a GROWN lady on a hustle.
wait my last RT was a accident that's not true....
I just got invited to a show tonight at Warner Chappell Pub ... Ha made me think of you!
Maddy and Hannah got fifth in state for food science!!!
unfortunately the PhillyHistory AR iPhone version hasn't cleared the App Store review yet. :(
What more followers ?! go follow SHE FOLLOWERS BACK REALLY FAST !(::
Why did only 40 members of #Congress and #HillaryClinton voice threat to Egyptian field marshall Tantawi over persecution of #nonprofits?
Does your name shrink when it enters cold water?
of course!! :) no problem!
i should start a rumor that the identity of is ...that way he can see just what his hints are capable of! lol
Contact me today and allow Hope for Women Magazine #promote your #product & #services! "Make a Deal!"
To this day, PONYis my jam! Got it on my iphone right now! Yes!
Yum McRib sandwich. I freaking Love McDonalds!
it wouldn't be complete without Naul!!
Thinking about going to the Gym burns 0 Calories!
Wow, thought that was out, big break
thank you! I had a good time
I am loving the new show, The Cape. Funny, exciting and mysterious.
that's definitely gonna be a bag check
thanks for the tweet! Check out our crazy awesome website and forum www.wearelux.com
" I don't want to have a baby!!!" --quote of the night.
Up All Night is my favorite show. It makes parenting look fun and exhausting!
Great rationale for Chief Content Officer - figure out/run process to extract info to feed content marketing
but that's our backups though.
I'm not sure. But said a lot of people at lunch bought for today! He should know!!
MT : . is looking for your political slogan pins and buttons for a story! If you still have yours contact me!
Actor picks an objective to show a certain feeling.
You can't change the direction of the wind, but you can adjust your sails and still reach your destination.
no, but we try to be modest too! :)
Art of Bleeding appearances coming soon.. Follow us on Twitter
Blind dates aren't all bad- I met my special man friend that way. I feel like it's less weird than meeting via the Internet
Asterisk... No Dwight Howard.
"You know what sweeten means, right? That’s a showbiz term for 'add sugar to.'"
Woohoo! RT : I'm bringing me and my posse. Thanks for having it in the Heights
Your Money: At Angie x2019;s List, the Reviews Are Real (So Is Angie)
power breakfast downtown Phoenix, with Qmediaeffects. May spend the day.
Can someone talk to me. I'm bored.
Nevermind! Found it
Come do a show in Dallas please!!!! :-)
He's already got that. By the truckload. He needs it, with all the grizzly bears he faces daily in this world.
will it? Ha! I'm hoping for good things this year.
That was a first for me! Wow
Dr. Jarik Conrad rocks! Great presentation on emotional intelligence.
Mark Neumann: the Pat Paulson of Wisconsin politics (minus the satire)
I was supposed to look at final #B1G stats & see he was top 20 in basically every category: pts, reb, ast, stl, blk, 3s
good to hear. I may be in the minority on this one. But "Battle blue" jerseys still get my vote. Surprised it wasn't purple.
oh and only verbally it was ur mom that was being dramatic
Good morning, I think, shit aint been to bed yet.
Happy New Year. I wish everyone health and wealth for 2012!!!!
Who's watching E! At 8pm for mindless behavior
im getting my hair done today, and tonight im making Justin dinner. so excited! ;)
Studying with >>> Studying with anyone else. I will remember everything tomorrow, haha.
Ah I miss twitterr(:
agreed, but damn this game could be going a little better for the Spurs
You hate to hear that.
your love is my drug !
Muscle soreness from your fitness and sports activities, called Delayed Onset Muscle Soreness (DOMS), can be decreased with massage.
Both and go on record as opposing Quail Brush Powerplant in Mission Trails Park
No problem! You guys provide a great service for #Madison!
Anything productive on your Sunday today?
I always note where the nearest exit to escape disgruntled, gun-toting employees is. Wise where there are tech servs libns.
-____- Alex left stranded
Hey bitches.
I blame the Fish Frys. Wait... no I don't.
LOL um ops? well you know who else is 25? DARREN HELM! :D
Im fina get out dis house sumbody role up
Good luck against Spain, you will need it! HUP HOLLAND HUP!
EOLAS lost this round. "Who owns the web?" "We do." War's not over though; their warchest is hefty.
any other night owls still awake :)
: Never ignore someone who cares for you because someday you'll realize you've lost a diamond while you were busy collecting stones
Qwrap) Susannah, Madison, WI. Learning Manager, lover of learning new things that make my job more fun and innovative.
Smh lost my blackberry in the house somewhere
Tweets like that keep me up at night because my brain won't stop thinking.
Mother nature has been a real bitch lately. I have shit to do and cute dresses to wear.
cd release show with tonight at Fogary's in Cheviot!! Come party with us and some dudes from Pittsburgh
Focus on the impact your adult program has, rather than the number of people in attendance.--
Deployed features: lock/unlock environments with a custom password, wipe databases (useful for install profiles). Just another Wednesday!
u look very beautiful
looks like a difficult table!
I've got alot to mull over. Thanks!
RT : "I'm the lawyer. I have filled out every legal document since you signed yourself up for a 12 yr. membership at the gym."
Got my name called when dx went away tonight. Im lovin it!
Aww! Thanks so much, thrilled with the article.
I'm in CA but rumor has reached me that my interview on WLRN's Topical Currents aired today. Anybody hear it?
there's no judgement day?
I have NEVER hated a sub this much in my life...!
caraschatz: RT : "Without Change, there would be no butterflies" Great quote
#Archer is, without a doubt, the funniest show on TV. Catching up now. "Is that a ghost?" - Burt Reynolds
My Knicks are tanking, trying to drop to that 8th seed so we dont have to play Miami in the 1stRd
i love this one! (:
a punk rock song will never change the world, but i can tell you about a couple that changed me.
Exactly one year until the 83rd legislative session begins.
wish I could met you. I live all away in Ohio! Have a great day
these little boys messin with you!?
goin on a diet and getting a membership at the gym tomorrow
Actually, not watching golf at all now…back to Saints/Lions.
please vote #knoxvillefinals ! Thank you so much!
thts so good
#liamtakesover Hey, Any time for another livestream sometime soon? :)
Live your own life, Wes.
A big coyote just walked behind our pond.
Pun of the Day: For insomnia, move to the edge of the bed. You'll soon drop off.
“: The charge call in college ball is out of control man!” the lack of traveling call in the NBA is what's really ridiculous man
I love you mals .. Always and Forever bro. <U+E413><U+E408><U+E403><U+E41D>
Not just good blogger; good writers!
I like it!
I have to thank you for your consistent RT's...it really means so much to me!
Aligning a Single Biconvex Lens
I'd love to hear me some birds chirping! :)
Fudge, peppermint bark, & homemade cranberry sauce to the Inlaws today. Tomorrow it's dressing, green beans amandine,and a sweet potato dish
Lively late morning rehab workshop + big burrito for lunch = serious need for nap...z.
Stressed out?....“You are the sky. Everything else – it’s just the weather.” <U+2015> Pema Chödrön
I'm planning on attending. I'm relocating to Minnesota from Boston and can't wait to meet other MN librarians!
Nice to meet you, Matt. See you soon!
i dont even know if i got on last night
pretty much the only artist I listen to besides lupe.
Thanks love!
Everyone should check out Dan MacCarthy's amazing print Continuum. Can't wait to get it and frame it! Only $40.
If you like writing this definitely is an interesting guy to #FollowFriday, offers likes of wisdome-oriented tidbits
I know! Card said "thx 4 supporting strong women/raising awesome daughter." Of course mom sent another donation :)
i'm sure my landlord thinks i'm a big freak, every time he comes for rent i'm plopped on the sofa watching b&w horrors or foreign films
I'm pretty satisfied with my 100%. You go ahead and tell people you give 110%
That makes me very hungry
I agree, this is where the GM deal needs to be adressed! Also did u hear laundry resigned with NO
That suspenseful moment when you
To any & all ARTISTS: WE NEED UR PROMO CDS!!! If u have promo cds u are giving away, call/text 469.544.4168 -Let us put them out there 4 u!!
It was a goodnight tonight:) now to sleep and find out what tomorrow holds..
Aha, you're pretty cool to talk to too!
I wish I knew how to even find my birth father. I raise my hands to praise my deceased adoptive father every day though!!
And most ridiculous hairstyle of 2012 goes to Pauly D. What.
no don't yamel and he said he only called you cause he was tryna get ahold of me cause I wasn't replying to his messages!!
I can't see the little icons you put at the beginning and end. And that sounds really wrong....
Feels like christmas eve ...hope Peyton is under the tree in the morning... Goodnight
my followers plz follow she is new to twitter thanks :)
OH: "You know what I'd watch? To Catch a Predator with Celebrity Hosts. Imagine Shaq or Steven Segall coming out to talk to the dude..."
Hopefully soon, waiting game right now... :)
Don't block ya blessings....
Last Time I'm Asking If You Wanna Be On This Fan Poster I'm Having MB Sign Send Me Your Real Names & Cities Otherwise You Won't Be On It
Subaru Goes Live With New iPad® Apps - MarketWatch (press release)
Grab a flier from any promoter and bring it with you
Big audition for ABC family pilot today. It's early... After that the weekend begins!
So what is everyone up to tonight?
Y are people so ignorant these days, like come on be real
Branch out with your bad self!
can not wait to leave for Hawaii in the morning! Today seems to be crawling by!
I also agree. I LOVE Banksys work, but I always have to give the disclaimer that he IS breaking the law.
your opening keynote was inspiring. Thanks again for everything you've done for the MySQL community.
now? I'm workin on AP Human stuff.
all I've got is a dollar.. :)
heading to South Beach this weekend w/ 7 of my girls from Chicago for a bachelorette party. Where should we go?!
The chances of me bringing this simple pancake breakfast to ruination are much higher than they should be.
Good Morning#Bmore! 2days word of the day is passion! 1 of my fav professors once said find your passion now or spend ur life looking for it
Interesting & creative idea to put readalike suggestions on customer receipts when they purchase books.
who alls trying to kick it tonight?
Valentines Day is almost here! Get her a gift she'll love! Bath & Body Bistro 110 Morningside NE.
stuff i used to brush off is hard on my mental
theyre all washed up losers too
Doris Burke with the sit down sideline report...? is getting lazy I suppose.
thanks for the positive energy in twitterworld this sunday morning! :D
What's the distance from a poll that electioneering isn't allowed? 100'? Definitely not being followed/enforced at Randalls by Steiner Ranch
:( get better Brooke
Black hair extensions are a Billion Dollar global industry, and theres no regulation or transparency with regards to quality/pricing!
Like us on Facebook facebook.com/Rx2you
do you have a Facebook link for them?
I think we have to be collaborators, no? A kind of group Heraclitean pedagogy seems to be emerging here.
Can you follow me? please :)
haha yeah. Im fishing out east tonight
Signs my body has re-adjusted pretty well to the Joy Cardin schedule already: I forgot to have my alarm next to me & woke up at 330a anyway.
Soundgarden show was excellent!!!now on my way for a drink or two...or eight...
Yes! Wolvie offspring #GeekTrivia win! DM me a new question. (I'm an equal opportunity superhero geek, myself.)
Does love really last a lifetime?
excited to see your #creativity mojo flowing!
Leave. Me. Alone. If you don't I will crush u like the cockroach u are.
The truth !!! The TRUTH !
Super Bowl venue closed. Catching Top Gun where I left off at home.
And happy Friday, Jay!!!
Friends: Is there a twitter-app that can sort the people you follow by different metrics, like tweet frequency? I need to weed badly.
In other news, I am about to have sushi for dinner. *sushi dance*
no dude we haven't got any in a while, but ill let you know if we get any
that's Wassup
drinks hve 2 be good since Palomino's food has nose-dived into suckville, lately. Used to love it, now we won't go back.
Sending prayers out to all those that did not check the news, nor went to the bathroom before going NB on 75. POTUS is here!
I am wonderful! Life is good from this end :)
We tested the link in multiple browsers and could find nothing wrong with it. We will happily e-mail you a copy if you'd like. ^AP
Tanks for being that one follower?
Got my card today, looking forward to my first trip out into the wide world in the cute cars!
not hurtful enough to not tell you the dogs are enclosed in the pool area
Subway it is....
... ok I don't REAAAAALLLY hate you. But I am frustrated.
Congratulations to you!
If anybody has a problem with me flooding their timeline with the shit a that irratates me go cry about it
#ritz2 friday FREE ALL NIGHT #obsessions Saturday $1 all night #tonefide 5
AHA I love my fiancée :)
Any female friends I had have kids now. WTF?! Why does everyone have to Reproduce?!
twitter is not a popularity contest
how fake justin didnt say that its all these articles with different types of stories fake
text me !
Guy at tried to skimp me on the chicken. Had no idea who he was dealing with. I was polite.
Thanks for the follow!
There's a small wait unless you sit at the bar... There's two spots open right at the end.
I got 15K plus for multiple statewide, down ballot candidates in the 90's in MA. Not hard!
Come see us at the Home & Garden show starting Saturday- you can't miss us with the swing sets, trampolines and trainers- booth 1473
email us please, and we'll have someone reach out with possible offers/promos
": you're gonna me the mf'n maid of honor!! Lol" I cant even contain my excitement!!!!
Lazy right now >> :P
Hey there young lady. Watch that language!!! You said "eff".
That's the nurse version of me! I hope you took a picture.
- Good luck, I predict a 660 for you!
r u going to change ur band name
Break a leg tonight Newark Choir Family <3 and enjoy your last performance seniors.
Great to see you today!!!
He did the right thing...just leave the kids out as much as possible.
Im hyper/tired at the moment!
the greed & stupidity of some individuals never fails to amaze me..Austin is a small town..that behavior will follow you like a stench.
extolling the virtues of secret literature, passed mysteriously between hands, from major cities all over the world...
Hartford Public Library plans a soft opening of its new Jack Russell Memorial Library on October 24. Congrats!
Technology has increased the demand for
I'm sad, my mom () said I might get to meet tonight. But he didn't even look at our sections :(
okay... I'll shoot a thousand hoes for you Val. :)
Is Your Info Safe? Convert paper docs to digital files & establish file level permissions to secure access to docs in a central repository
Had a Brat and some beer and watched the #Rangers kill it on the big screen at the !
Okay #librarian types: Who's doing #radicalreference for #occupyportland ?
you didn't tell me to look there.....you said my room, by the door, or in the bonus room.
Saw a geekmeister in an argyle sweater today at starbucks ... I was smitten
You gotta give up with that, BE HAPPY! Wanna call me?
I hated and loved this episode of #GreysAnatomy. I'm so glad it's back though even if I'm only seeing 5 more episodes ;)
#FF Great chatting this week
Thank you!!!
swear i have the best friends. i love all of you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Would like to wish everyone a merry Christmas and safe holiday season.
The most popular types of online surveys for money include:
Why am i awak on a Sat b4 7 a.m. oh yeah its cause i cant breath from allergies.
Next week I start Scags at 30, the third volume in the Scags Series. Hope you've read the first 2 by the time this one launches.
You're welcome! (Assuming that there isn't something like this already.)
Tonight two MICA GD alums are back on campus in Brown 320 '08 and Luke Williams '09
Totally just called 911 to report a couch/car on fire by my house.
hahahahaha thanks! So good to see you! And take your nycb virginity!
Phone case broke.
That's why they call it Whole Paycheck.
#FF some of our fav geek writers and podcasters! , , , ,
I put ice in my cat's water and she got scared.
I'm going too lol
oh shit I know this one.. I think it's LSU
Merry Christmas from Karaoke MVP!
you can look forward to April 20th at IUPUI's campus (: more info coming soon!
' YOU'RE A SLUT !!!' oh so im S.omething L.oveable U. T.reasure ? cool story bro.
i read my and i think it is true lol SWAG
omg me neither!!!!
I got you girl...to the wall
Guys, it's almost 8 p.m. and it's still bright outside. I'm concerned.
I wish my name was Rim-Ruhe
Getting some chipotle!
Turning the fan on and stripping down to just your undergarmets when the walls of your room become too hot to handle. >>>>>>>
- IS IT FRIDAY, DID I WIN??? Undisputed Heavyweight SUPER FAN OF GO! GO!
I think both. Fear of falling short of genuine creativity.
Congressional holiday continues. Vote every incumbent out of office. They earned it.
So I have always wondered why ppl play their music so loud in their cars. Do they think their cool, cause it is actually pretty lame!
Alex! Tweet back?(:
A bunch of great reviews on 4 our #studyabroad program at Regent's College London. Share your experience w/ future students!
My little sis sees my copy of "#HowToBeBlack" by and asks "Why is this a book?"...
love it Daniel!!! ;)
cool guy
I, for one, think that American nuns are badass. Keep on fighting poverty and economic injustice and ignore the grumpy old guys in...
I'm sitting in the fucking bar, I drink vodka with a laptop on your knees I want to write your favorite Amber B
me too!! One day it will happen
My secret is....I'm a clown for childrens events in S.D, :)
Apologies to anyone trying to phone us today...ENTIRE network DOWN... D=
When u fail 2meet ur mate's needs, u create fears n thm. Its ur job 2speak2 the fears u created until ur mate trusts u enuf 2set them aside.
Making wise spending choices can help you live comfortably today and when you retire.
I hate when I laugh at what somebody says, and they give me a devil look. Wtf?
Thumbs up my friend!
I love you!
Ghost hunters night!!
playing new 311 "Sunset In July" this afternoon
Yeah, been following that. I love living in the future.
I know but just have to ignore them and not let them get to you
Everything's going perfect so far today.(: happy 5 months babe.!<3
same here :/ Ty should be in a scary movie
Totes jeals! Have a ton of fun! Eat all that yummy popcorn and drink that free beer for me! And say hi to Haley :-)
*Low Battery* *Low Battery* *Low Battery* Well apparently you have enough battery to remind me every 2 seconds.
Thank you Jeffrey Deitch for stopping by the gallery!! Very cool guy.
Welp. There's another 90 minutes I'll never get back.
RT "the wisdom of a man will light his face". king salomon. proverbs
“ Last night I hugged my pillow and dreamt of you...I wish that someday I'd dream about my pillow and I'd be hugging you.”
The suburbanite in me really distrusts people who look interesting.
Only 4 days till the shit show begins
i work on a radio show & this guest DOESN'T want to ban foie gras so she blamed the CA ban on the humane soc w/ that sentence
Y U Rok So Hard?
You may feel small and insignificant, but remember - God loves to work through us to accomplish his will. -PMJ
Or enchiladas... Hm, but the green ones!
"Enthusiasm is the mother of effort, and without it nothing great was ever achieved." Ralph Waldo Emerson
Dope show last night sis. You killed it like always.
It is uncommon to find a business partner who is selfless. In case you are lucky it happens once in a life-time.
I was born without you so guess what? I can live without you.
i hate it when i forget to eat
PPL R JUST TO FUNNY FOR ME
oh, excuse me superstar
Most interesting vacation EVER. Just got home, I plan to do A LOT of sleeping..
Most likely going to Cali with & this summer. Hell yes <U+2665>
thought I was already following my fellow author, lol. Niobia, we must link up Sis. #Follow Back
I'll probably post it tomorrow, I'll let you know!
pretty good! How about you?
: I wonder how many of the 1.3% in US using IE6 are at DOS?
I'm going to damn bed.
This hour has been amazing <3
Draco Dormiens Nunquam Titillandus => Never Tickle a Sleeping Dragon, motto of Hogwart's School of Witchcraft and Wizardry
you're hilarious, you clown. Why is that awkward?! Hahaha you signed up for it! Now...."break the rules" hahahahaha
Headed to Brownsville...
Just got a lovely phone call from the customer who ordered 5 dozen cupcakes for a baby shower this weekend and loved them!
Kansas is stopped on 4th round of kicks! A&M made theirs!
... that sounds pretty cool! Thanks for following us!
I knew it!
aw, Thanks hope! ;)
Tovrea Castle in Phoenix. It opens to the public for tours early next year. What special memories do you have about Tovrea?
Wow, sucks. RT FROM HBO: "Milch and Mann together with HBO have decided to cease all future production on the series LUCK."
I hope you feel better doll
$20 to the person willing to do my laundry. $10 to the person willing to mow my lawn.
his bowl cut is a tribute to
exactly! I'm totally over the disease now. no more talking-points... just actual facts and real policy research from now on.
Reminder that there's no trivia tonight. Go Cubbies!
It is not the strongest of the species that survive,nor the most intelligent,but the one most responsive to change
Where da Dope at.?
Just scrubbed 37 lines of code out of my #Perl script and added a new feature. This makes me happy.
Sad most of Russo's crspd. is closed. 1975: "Frank Kameny says DC has it all together and NY is behind the times. I told him to fuck off."
hi sis i mizz u so much
#Adele has a #Stevienicks air about her. Classy.
I love how everyone is freaking out that is following or retweeting them :) Gosh I love twitter!
what cho number girl?
Healing up pretty good from surgery! Hope you guys are ready for some new music! Got big plans coming! Sean
A busy body! lol :)
Almond milk :)
hahahaha....love you dear....
I and Love and You = really great. SO worth $5.
Someone just recommended , but it says they will post Tweets on your behalf. That sounds risky to me. Anyone have experience?
#3WordsForYou I love you.
#55 we havent talked but you seem nice:) & you're pretty! <U+2665>
Linus Torvalds may be great with kernels, but he sucks at semiotics.
someone probably tweeted a pic...
Nick Swisher just knocked a crabcake off the Camden Giant. Two-run blast. #Yankees 6-4 over
pertaining to the #nyrangers Reddens contract has been the worst in recent memory and we have bad some bad ones lol.
why u no skypey?
Really tedious pixel clean-up work in Photoshop is a strange mixture of enraging and cathartic.
Before you judge someone's life make sure you judge yours first.
poor you. ur to pretty to be sad
Winning Mega Millions ticket sold at a 7-11 in Baltimore - you know there's a rule that if we're Twitter followers you have to share right?
Slap your troubles away with a slap chop! Slap slap slap slap chop!
InGaN nanowires make good photoanodes Solar water splitting applications could benefit
#mystrangeaddiction is more disturbing than Toddlers & Tiara's....
hell yeah
#TheVoice ends tonight. Now I need a new competition obsession. Maybe life?
That was a waste.
Beautiful Day in the MIA
Horror movie commercials at night. D:
"Men are what their mothers made them." ~
Debating on whether or not to open my 2nd bottle of white rye. 30 years from now it would be nostalgic to have batch 1.
- best finish ever..down 3 goals the Monsters fought scratched and battled for 4 goals to win!!!!!!
I totally just got denied a standing desk.
awmigawd i can't freaking wait.
Excited about our A&A event with in LA next week. Looking forward to hearing about his expedition to the Artic Circle.
Off to LA for College Art, hydra-headed annual conference for art historians, artists, museum folks. Presenting Friday on steve.museum.
the fact that john sleep & not trynna take me home <<<<
Case of the Monday? We have a cure: 1/2 Off All Beers Today! Plus tonight, buy any personal pizza and get a second for 1/2 Off!
Email subject line (Imani has been ignoring the sender): "Please respond to this email Imani. I am a real person who hopes to hear from you"
Who Names His Cat " Perfect " or makes a twitter for a cat ?!
definitely interested. I don't possess the marketing exp tho. Something I'll consider. SD is just as beautiful as LA :)
You are not the father -
not at all. They're orthopedically designed and can even help better your posture.
I,m tired all over not just face
Buy the truth and never sell it; with truth you will have wisdom, discipline and understanding.
I get ready at last minute when I go out because just in case they lag it on me .
I hate when I make shit more difficult than it has to be
-haha, the venue was having some service issues early last night it was all taken care of tho. Party continues next Friday!
43 followers in 11 hours!! you guys are awesome!! keep it up!! tell all your friends to follow us!! Promise to have the website running soon
I meant that's and about you hearing stuff made my day;) and I don't know wtf happened but I was creeping on you and it said
": #SVU is back. The first of seven consecutive brand new episodes airs tonight" your girl is back!
ow ow OW. I don't think my back was supposed to do that.
thanks bro but yea in a whole nother state haven seen her in years lol
Cleat chasing girls on here, the kind of girl I have warned my son about since he was 13.
havent been able to tweet...sorrrrryyyyy):
Why is the air conditioning on in the coffee shop? It's freezing!
I need ideas for my thesis essay.
NCLA tomorrow! Traveling to the big city!!! Hickory, NC HA!
I will give as many high-fives as possible today
No worries - Twitter is about nothing if not insanities! Hahaha
I finished all the Freaks and Geeks episodes on the DVR this weekend. I'm so bummed that there aren't anymore to watch. Great show. :(
can we please make this happen? You would make a wonderful Andy.
took my first class there yesterday. LOVED it and can't wait to get more involved!!
Bet ill do that fasho..RT : ya bro let me know where you gon be at soon we can show up again
#WeirdFactAboutMe I never been on a road trip more ten 4 hours other then that I go in a plane lol
Congrats to the 10-0, NFC South champion, Green Bay Packers.
which memoir? I have a whole list of titles .... ps how r u?
I had forgotten that, but you got it.
retweet if u love
Some of those are news choppers. They probably get good overtime, too.
While the novelty associated with taking pics of red doors has passed for me over these 10 years, I still appreciate seeing them.
Lets run it
RT Glue Inc and MayDay Inc together making things happen.Great collabo!
Is Obama supposed to be the daddy and congress the children?
Speaking of... erranding and designing thangs for 's shower :)
Google Music needs an interface lift.
ok! Im really sad
Its making me uncomfortable. So much cooperation. Weird.
TBH, I just flipped out when I saw that pic and didn't even read or view the rest of the post ;)
RT : #Summer2012 is almost here! TBE teens: choose your adventure!
TRAB could be a load and hold, big news, chart showing support around .05
Studying at Espresso Royale eliminates the need for any kind of self control apps. The non-wifi is a productivity gift to us all.
To be responsible for oneself, it is first necessary to acknowledge what one is doing - Carol Gilligan from Isabel Rimanoczy
#medlibs - I'm blogging on the exhibit hall at #mlanet12 and am collecting questions and interests all month leading up to it.
Monday Morning Mortgage Madness!
Record breaking day playing on the promenade!
Man City giving it away...outrageous.
Ma Got Da Bro A New Toy & Im Messin Wid Id Like Ids Mine
Marty: Slept at Beaumont paper. Building was old, dark, empty, lotsa old machines. Felt like Jason Voohries lurked around every corner.
that Sonic made me feel better
of course you are! Who isn't?? ;)
Having alotta fun
Ugly Weather <<<
Only in Kentucky do people go to a "sheep herding contest." Well, and Scotland.
Congratulations to Seattle's RT: Outstanding Restaurateur: Tom Douglas Tom Douglas Restaurants, Seattle
there is seriously something wrong with my nose.:(
Girl Scout Birthday Box Party is about to start! I am ready for a nap though! Is it 4 pm yet?
the most tragic shit just happened.my cousin was shot dead on the westside.for those who i know that follow plz pray for her and her kids.
we are heading that way sooner than you think ;)
It's my favorite show of all time, watched the whole series multiple times
RT : i can't wait until i'm rich. i'm so tired of having to tend to my own needs. it's UBER wack.
Tomorrow is Cinco de Mayo and we’d like to remind you to please be safe; and please don’t drink and drive. Happy Cinco de Mayo!
lawn mowing in the summer. Bad memories of California
somethings money can't buy.
The dogs are still barking. Was it the Lady Gaga at #aasl11 closing party?
Bored on Saturday night with nothing to do
Would pay cash money to get husb to turn off his Saltwater Angler TV marathon.
Quick! Someone put Hot Stuff in Simon's jock to get him out of there...better yet, do it to Hudson next inning.
Kevin Hart and JB wow
Good q from our audience about the audiences. Can we create games for kids that adults also play?
thanks for tweeting the story.
Great BNI visitors day for networking with new friends.
HAHA... thank you for the funny sweet message... hello and love back!
I wish to death I was there!!!
": RSL doesn't know how to use the 3 seashells." Murder death kill
A little bit more shopping today my friends
Felicia and Amy are awesome. Stories begin @ 8.
SNAFU!: The Marine Corps has a messaging problem.
's new album #blownaway>>>>>>>>>anything i've heard today. nice work!
My other question after tonight is, where the heck are the Fleyrs getting all these young players! Coutierier, Schenn Vorachek. Sheesh.
I haven't looked into it too much, but I think he supports its newsletter for discourse reasons...
Suicide and I've never felt so sad in my life. So please reconsider the choice to kill yourself. Rest in peace Joey. I'll never forget the..
lmao yes! I workk at a tannin salon you can come by me!
Damn the advendgers movie is completely sold out !
uh .____. Im bad at this. How bout enrique v ? :( lol
Ooh... That sounds interesting... Thank you.
Watching a Spring staring game on MLB Network. Can't wait for the season to start!
cant wait to crush a nap later
talk to my travel agent.
ok. I'll take you word for it then. lol
“: Is Angela Lansbury alive/available for hugs?” /// Yes, but she now goes by the name Betty White.
Should find me a lunch date I'm hungry
Packing is a bitch UHH
Was texting back and forth with former Eagle Ryan Angers - great conversation - reason I coach is b/c of kids like him
Greetings from Grand Canyon Natl Park. What eventful couple of days, hopelessness to hope w/Gov Hick's special session
we are still in dallas at joe's place, we went out to eat then got here at 5 am. :o
Why read the book when you know the ending
oh bother
so it only takes 18 minutes?
danmmbbb gurll u sure as hell right he rocks x
Thank you for kind words! You made our day!
I've partied all over the world but never like disssss
that looks delicious. Lol
OMG! i have a lot of work to do !!!! allah with me !!
why do you always want the one you cant have
lol so what are you doing!?;)
sufficient evidence to support jurty trial convictions. the federal judges should dismiss these case with prejudice
yeah it's weird.
WE'RE HERE! Come see all of our new #ecofriendly products at - Booth 7849!
TD Bank Hiring for 90 New Jobs in Connecticut
bo at blü right or something.... im going to sushi time saturday
nope. Message me the info.
RT Come on floridast. I need u to win #marchmadness - Theyre coming baaaackkk,,,big three pointer
now that's the Worstt !! >.<
A nickel ain't worth a dime anymore. ~Yogi Berra
"Even if it is unpopular." YES
I want all that good stuff yea that includes you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Who has mastered the fine line between celebrity and self-deprecation.
am nadia goon and u
And we have a winner! Thank you for participating!
About to hit the gym
I miss you too! We need to hang before you leave
where's that at??
Learning about the new #Seldoms project today from the amazing Carrie Hansen
thank you! Yes you too!
mmhn less than a month! And wed love to sometime! You guys are fun as fuck to see!
How do you pronounce Taleto. I wanna make sure I pronounce it right.
i'm a vegetarian and i would be interested in checking the pictures out.
haha yea :) x
Thank God for early morning prayer! And thanks everyone for the wonderful and kind birthday greetings yesterday. Thank God for another year!
They probably do that already, it's just now becoming officially acknowledged.
Good Afternoon to all of DYNPR new followers!!
u took it wrong!!!! That's what u say to me asshole!!!!
“Where did you glean today? Where did you work? Blessed be he who took such generous notice of you!” So she told her #Torah 48/99
This is the second crash after high speed chase on 300 Midvale block since Nov. What can be done to make this block safer?
Explore this weekend! Whats a neighborhood you've been meaning to discover?
Sometimes, we hurt those who love us the most. Like I did when I set this 3-legged cat on the ground. He just wants to be loved.
RT : Only 4 box seats left for our Mother's Day matinee of Romeo & Juliet. Treat your mother to a view like no other......
probs not. I need money
happy pink bat day!!! Go get
i was just told that my face looks like "assblood"
nice. glad you guys concur. I like getting back up :)
This!! >>>: Somebody slap Tebow. Let's see what he does. Ha
is this indicative of the growth of the flip/investor market in SoCal?
Hopefully I feel better by than
Dreaming Monday! Dreams are coming true today - just open your eyes!
I really did not know Jonah Hill was nominated for an Oscar.. Wow. From superbad to oscar nominee.. #getit!!
Amazing group of #boston technology leaders at "Innovation all Stars." Psyched to be representing
no need to apologize. Funny coincidence-the builder of our house at Annefield was named Hillery.
JUST HIT THE BLOCK...IF U OWE ME MONEY. IM ON DA WAY...
Gotta love Game One......let's go HEAT
Oh, Purdue OWL, your helpfulness once again abounds.
The creator of #mancode is in the studio!!!
happy birthday PRINCESTON
Melissa Lane, PoliSci, Princeton U, author of _Eco Republic_ first up! #SustUnbound Sust needs developments in ethics as well as sci/tech
Finally got the front seat in the SkyTrain!
Technology???? The shitz a
Biked to the Glendale DMV and back today, because that's how I roll
I don't know the exact name of the sandwich, but I'm pretty sure it was number 13. The one with grilled apples.
Beautiful day off yesterday in Ft Collins. Playing here tonight @ Everyday Joe's w/ & . Bluebird in Denver tomorrow!
Funny! :p
What a week! Busy at work & great progress with my little startup effort. Love it! So now… off skiing :-) Going to Whistler! Bye everyone.
thanks for all the twitter love and support for #marchforbabies305!
HA! Good move!
But of course Did you hear your website sounds blasting in the middle of a speaker prez? Forgot my speakers were on. #oops!
I know this is going to come as a shock, but I'm a Twitter Bot. Sorry I lied to you.
Tyla you are too gorgeous!!! I'm launching a Skype health management program asap details on my website soon!! Xx
yea man I just miss Sports altogether ima see about gettin on the hbg Stampede, or some simi pro team
Bhagavad Gita~ God is seated in the hearts of all.
It delights me to no end such a wonderful CAPTAIN AMERICA movie exists
OK thanks I will check it out.
I love you! I pray that your life brings you abundance of joy, prosperity, and love
#replacecodysimpsonsongswithtoby Ends With Toby
we can try
is still hot on the trail of PT gigs in Baltimore/DC/SATRAD. Your tips are greatly appreciated at .
Excellent! We're stoked you like them.
Last day in Atlantic City... Thank gawd.
u both r sexy as all hell
I wanna get a septum.
So cynical. RT : But for real, I really hope we didn't waste our time tonight.
what about Tuesday ?
I found out that weave is universal, even the Africans are rockin it! lol
this is why I love you.
What are thoughts on ticket giveaways/contests via twitter vs Facebook? Stick to one or use both?
We're very happy to hear that! Please tell Charlotte to keep fighting!
Why Thank You(:
you're a pain. But okay
Avengers fucking rocked.
thats because you have never went with me haha, i think rachel and jeremy are tired
A free One Direction cd, yes please. Jammin' the rest of the afternoon away...
Ill be nice to be in relationship
Do your 4sq check-ins REALLY need to be synced with your twitter? really?
hi friends. an overcast tuesday in hollywood.
I Hate When People Is Alwayz In People Shit I Hate That Shit People Need 2 Stay In There Own Shit Stop Been In Other People Shit
Probably within a couple months from now actually.
Honestly though, The Knicks/Rangers schedule is terrible. Why are you doing this to sports fans? It's criminal.
you watching the match?
Walking down National Nurses United's "Main Street" at the convention right now, meeting cool #nurses from across the country. Awesome!
pet peeve: people who RT but do not credit their RT to the person who tweeted the info.
1949- Zsa Zsa Gabor married George Sanders.
Good boy!
Viewing eulogy for Vacslav Havel: A word can change the wrld. Minority view is not necessarily the wrong one.
Tip:) an average blogger should have around 700 followers on Twitter it will def make a difference when brands are looking at your brand.
Dirty chai: check. Laptop: check. NYC: check. Studio loft workspace: check. Off to write some musical theater.
I dream of a better tomorrow.... where chickens can cross roads and not have there motives questioned!
jamming like an idiot during this long ass car ride.
#50liesIwasTold I'll always be there for you.
omg ikr. Like a girl that writes on her body and stuff doesnt deserve to win. Thats what me and my mum said..
's swim towel is moldy! #nastygirlproblems #iluhyou :)
Drinking a Supper Club. Where I come from drinking a beer in a supper club makes you a sissy, but alas.
sorry - prob not gonna happen.
Here's the thing Danny, if u have to tell ppl how good u are, ur not that good. If you r that good, it'll b self evident.
looks that way
Please KILL ME !
I want to live in New York & have a life just like Friends
Show report: nano tech 2012, Tokyo Leaders from academia, industry and government agencies gather at the world's largest nanotech event.
my weekend is not looking 2 promising as of now & i didn't plan anything yet but anyways what u got plan out 4 urself.
Maybe you can call in sick take it to crib and get all this ....
have fun tonight!
The fact that we will never meet depresses me.
Like really. I'm not here for all these high schoolers thinking they have life figured out because they judge other people all the time.
Talk too much trash? An amazing woman is defined by not just what she says, but what she does. We think you do it well. ; )
RT : Florida investigators say in an affidavit that George Zimmerman profiled, confronted, then fatally shot Trayvon Martin.
If he saves a puppy, I'll click the link. :)
Lol, fuck my hair. It looks exactly that same.
good ole memories
how's everything been?
Thanks to the Madfish Grill in Gloucester Friday night, and the folks who came out to see our last show in Gloucester until after August!
ah so phat doe we gonna rock dese we should conference call with glo or else figure dis ish out how we gonna go bout it u kno
Stabbing my eyes out over this Chen work
u welcome:-)
Still working on constant contact. i want to kill it.!
Gov. calling back evil GOP for another go at #civilunions, this unlooked-for hope followed by Prez's "evolving" on
I think your son will be okay , he will find a calling or learn that the more succesful he is females will chase him
Video loops by are brilliantly breathtaking! The whole vibe is like being in another city!
Eating tacos <U+263A><U+263A> happy cinco de mayo!
Looks great, we hope everyone had a wonderful time. Happy Holidays!!!
The Five Year Engagement was actually very funny! I definitely recommend it! :-)
the what will u be? Mr sexy!?
Thanks! Is there a website? RT : Prosperity of San Diego Life Sciences Industry forum Fri. May 11th @ 12p @ UTC Forum Hall
RT : At midnight the works of James Joyce come out of copyright. #woohoo!
's very good
Even without attending the game, always fun just to get together and get bombed.
Looks like Test Track at Epcot is still scheduled for refurbishment in just a few days!
#tweetless Derek Burns becomes !!!
Awesome!! Any way I can get them from you today/tonight? I know it's last minute, but one of the pick-ups is in the a.m.
Seski excited to bring big feet to stomp in Lane County playground tomorrow!
Why is the voice uk so much better than the voice us???? The talent is so much better!!!!
How much a person can change in a year is mind boggling.
I do want to see her strip. Let's make that happen.
its gonna be my ringtone. # walkaway
.. your probably thinking to yourself .::I wish this nigga would tell me something::.
#Imagine Harry:"You're more than you think you are! You are my world. You are everything I need.'' *Kisses you*
Visited Ms. M at the rehab ctr, she is doing well & wants 2 go home. I told her if she keeps doing what she is doing, she will b home soon.
I just realized that I spelled faded wrong in my earlier tweet. Haha
Happy Valetines Day
i dont think i am
Lmfao RT : actually Idk y any1 lykes lennys, me and kota go to this one place that no one knows about in midtown.
Flipped classrooms are interesting, but I miss the discussion we have in the face-to-face version of the same class.
lmao it's scarface looking for him
lmao f y'all
Cool! is going to give $36K worth of Georgetown courses here at
My thoughts exactly. Throwing @ batter is more dangerous. That was also premeditated, where Lawrie was spontaneous.
Taking Back Sunday lyric tweet night. Sounds good.
As much as I know I'll miss school I can't afford any more anyway! On to the real world…! :)
chill yourself lmao
Hey, no problem! Enjoyed the video.
I hate to say it, but I totally agree! (Personal experience in higher ed...)
Durant and the Thunder?
“...but if a lock is opened by a lot of different keys, well that’s a pretty shitty lock if you ask me.”
Early VHS home movie of wheelchair racers and runners sporting amazing 80s coifs and day-glo short shorts
#JoeyDiamondFact Joey started singing when he was 6, but didnt take it seriously until he turned 13..
The best.
im to fuckin ready to start school
I hate Kobe !!! He will never amount to the greatness of Michael Jordan
Welp good luck on them
Yay! RT I'd like to welcome to the SF Community! If you currently live in SF, get ready for some exciting activities!
really? You should've blown out nc. They lost 3 point guards this year. Not impressed.
I swear LAX is playing the soundtrack to my life right now! Ha
I am not asking to be on a list, if you don't want to share me with your followers I don't mind. I'm just glad to be back. :)
The search for Caleigh Harrison -- who has been missing for more than two weeks -- resumed on Friday.
Oh! Did you get to see the ducks?
No Pulitzer this year for fiction? I thought Mike Daisey had a lock on that.
I love mornings like this <U+2600>:)
oh that's just great. #hopetheyfindhim/her
Pssst, pssst, come check out new spring arrivals. There's somethings you might want to see if you haven't checked in a few days.
RT : RT if I'm about to see you at the #LBSU game!
Xmen Last Stand > #Royals baseball
Learn how to be happy with what you have while you pursue all that you want.
i did my own hair today, decent af
I want to but I dont wanna stand in line lol!!!
No---> RT : You could be the best of me when I'm the worst for you.
I have to get back to playing every Sunday again and stay planted no matter what. I know where I belong and its the main reason I dont gig.
"Way" or "weigh," boy genii?
HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY :)
Finna pass out
We go on in 10min, come out!
#SHRM11 is just around the corner.
feel better booty!
Opinions are like this weird growth on my thumb: I don't want to have any of either anymore
I can`t work when I feel this sick. How to pay medical bills when you can`t work is something I need to figure out.
happy to be serving Fiery shots this weekend! we're making u proud here in
Be yourself
what's the best experience you've had at a doctor's office?
thanks for coming to the world's oddest play with me haha
I know lol they SHOULD correct all these ghetto peoples grammar!
Yes! I'm very excited but sad at the same time. I'll miss my work buds.
you can corroborate this with , but my favorite flavor is redhead and their pale is like freshly whipped cream. I got this.
Finally seeing #Avengers today!!!! ekswtkhwtehkht
I needed a rain jacket for two years and I FINALLY got one a couple months ago and it is a life saver
Fashion show. Ready to work the runway.
Perfectly stated! “: Football can just fuck right off. A disappointing, annoying, and utterly frustrating weekend of results.”
Whoa whoa whoa. makes books?!
Looking forward to dinner with and her team tonight!! :)
Seattle Referendum 1 (tunnel replacement of viaduct) is up for consideration.
Tech are not the only companies in sf that get tax breaks.
Double dash doesn't do it? (alliterative, much?) Trying to remember, because I've probably used them more times than I should.
I love that you think I would be capable of dating anyone on the team.... But I'm sad to say... No one.
I want to thank you for u r the reason I know Twitter!thank u randy
Congrats, and many happy returns
IT holds keys to excellent #socbiz #emailmarketing campaigns. Define your segments, politely articulate them, and take IT to lunch. You win.
I hear from my butcher that Randy Moss signed an autograph for Jim Harbaugh
were stokked too!! Happy sxsw to you!
Now we won!
T-cap over<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
hey! thanks for the follow!!
pizza is delicious
RT Super excited for tomorrow it's gonna be amazing! :)
yeah that whole voting thing is so flawed
I miss you so incredibly much
“In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.” <U+2015> Robert Frost
You are not your job, status or bank account; you are who you think you are.
why did Rebecca fall off the swing? because she had no arms
DUDE! Shut up! The game isn't over yet. Don't jinx us!
Heading to Vgrill Sunset shortly!!! Excited for new menu items :D
Thank you for putting a donation box for the Indiana AIDS Walk & Ride in your Broad Ripple store. We appreciate you!
WAS THERE WEED IN THE GOODIE BAG
yeah I'm not allowed to hah (:
When kids are depressed is the sippy cup half empty or half full
In honor of today, 3/14, I need to get some pie. Where can I find the best pie?
and you know how to peel them away to expose the authentic self.
well that's true...lol
45 min countdown to Lunch
....what do you think of your boy Upshaw now as a Ratbird?
no problem!!
whoa. check out google maps' Quest feature. it turns maps into a zelda-like landscape.
Hey, that's me upper left in the bad suit!
Day 1 of potty training Caden: Success! Ah, the joys of parenthood!
Check out the lists that is in—there are some good ones there.
heard your Nelly Furtado cover. You're really talented!
are you doing a ustream today?(: lol what time would it be at now?
We just had the best call with ! He is the Chuck Norris of BRANDING! What a pleasure, thanks so much John!
I keep thinking today is Monday!
Love this idea. RT : afternoon of #FemTechNet dedicated to imagining/scoping a "massively distributed" FemTechSci course
its def a sport all its own, isnt it ? Sweet!!
There is alot of good hip-hop around there! Make a trip to Virginia Beach too! Cool shops and shows out there!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes everyone !!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><U+263A><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
he's a good player but he just won't be able to handle Henson and zeller's length or quickness
#TebowMovieTitles Silence of the Steeler Fan
Does the film cover "A Princess of Mars" or or does it cover more of the novels?
lol ok i guess so. we fux wit da same ppl. Adam is my artist.
Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
When me and have random stare-downs when we pass each other in Walmart. lmao
On highway one. Smells like somebody ran over a tube of skunk.
Great interview on on the san diego school district budget with & reporters.
Oops! Our appologies. Very amazing space!
I guess you should have just charged them for 2.0
When did snitching become cool????? o_O
Chocolate Peanut Butter Layer Bars Whenever I make these chocolate peanut butter layer bars , people beg me for the recipe. A cross betwe
That was beyond ridiculous.
Please RT & follow these amazing people:, , , , , ,
Nails done <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Drafting blog re: WalMart #bribery, board responsibility for corp culture, role of gatekeepers and how this may derail reforms.
full moons are only a good thing in romantic movies
u realise u infered compared as even in team impact to Peyton Manning..damn!
RT : #insiderawards on 2/23? This quiz is simple, almost a little too easy. My answer is A. True & Yes & heck yes.
had to run back to NYC! Hope it was fun. Shooting you an email now...
I totally understand,
I love you!
Graduation is NEXT WEEKEND! Are you ready?
well put us on your ipod rock out and kick the crap out of that midterm!
The colors of a fresh garden salad are so extraordinary, no painter's pallet can duplicate nature's artistry. ~Dr. SunWolf
Just got told it's late and to get in bed. #waitwhat #I'm19
I said, we have tuna.
lots of snow coming. more sleep and eat all day. miss u
Zero Dialect tonite at Southport Hall!! 10pm
Merry Christmas!!
#WOW. The weather in NYC is fantabulous!
Nope, nobody's talked to me about the UW IMLS grants, but they know how to find me if they do!
idk what day it starts but it's in July
RT : The biggest advances are not made by being a great teacher; they are made by being a great student. - Pursah
Aw. I love that.
I really wish someone would text me right now..
Well, if that's my last night going out, at least I'm going out with a bang.
LISTEN In-Republican candidate for President will be on the LiAmi Lawrence Show Wednesday 9-11pm (pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM
it'd be pretty cool if you did the Willow Dance
"why try so hard to fit in, when your born to stand out?"
Rack city BITCH
The fact that I was supposed to be seeing blink-182 tomorrow in New Hampshire with AAR... <<<<<
I HAD TO GET OUT OF THAT AREA! RT : "Let's talk about selling cars, Paul."
omg, i still love your background <U+2665> looking so good(:
Unconference w/ and Lock. The. Door. This will be good.
2nd Saturday was a Huge Success, Thanks to all the SNOCLOTHING Fans that came out to support us and Buy Clothing!!! www.SNOCLOTHING.com
U wanna lose weight? Start running now cause if I find out who this spam twit is its a piece of oak upside your head for u!!!!
i luv my boyfriend's back mainly cause of 1990's zombie movie w the same name. its so sad that was my fav movie when i was 7
Oh YeAh GoT sOmE mOnEy YoU wAnT sOmE? sOrRy DoN't HaVe AnY!
no, im just speaking of my experience most folks fade off the college life after freshman year
RT : Get a free signed Nick Barnett jersey... Just retweet this and be ready to answer trivia question Tom morning!!
: like i said, is style issue rather than grammar-per-se; from writing-only perspective, PV can make meaning less clear.
Hiya pal!! Getting ready to pawwwwteeeeee!
The Man, The Myth, The Legend #FF hoping to share a drink you tonight SP at the Party!
game tomorrow?
what is call in day all about?
hey i want to thank u all for following me if i dont follow u back am sorry i will get a change okay i love u all and please dont unfollow m
Lol that's Baltimore for you.
so stressed, feels like the beginning of senior year all over again
if u could only grow a pair and c what's in front of your two eyes
My own haiku / Written just for me / I am honored :)
First names? Jessica.
:o) Fleetwood Mac on a 8track!
Sunday at Farm Associated get 10% off all concentrates all day!!!!
we're an hour behind. thanks for the spoiler though. wink.
Current Sweet 16 teams by state: Wisconsin 2, Kentucky 2, Ohio - Indiana - New York - Texas 1, everybody else goose egg.
I sure am. Got tired of morning traffic lol and don't you have someone to teach tomorrow or something?
its Indiana Grand now lol yea I have been there. Not much luck. Who r u with?
Happy Mother's Day to all you fabulous Moms out there!
Knee-deep in Chihuahuas
The soapy coffee pot shall remain on all day. :D
true, true
Going Down to Chattanooga for a field trip.
Happy Friday everyone! Three day weekend ahead :) So much relaxing to get done
My bf doesn't like the idea of me to ombre my hair .
Well I'm 5'5 so nothing shorter than that haha
Have to give credit to my man Good idea for the Warriors is a sign and trade with Atlanta, Monta Ellis for Josh Smith!
Me too. They are so mouthy.
Moderation is key, its okay to give in a little from time to time in fact it may help you avoid having a whole carton of ice cream at once
Got 100+ channels n nada on tv!
Looking for Gluten-Free menu items for lunch and dinner? Dine with Los Equipales today!
Why would you ever say that? You're casting aspersions, randomly. On your own people. SMH
RT BREAKING NEWS BREAKING NEWS!!!!! CIROC has just been named "The Official Vodka of Twitter Users" !!! RT PLS!!!!!
We wont be able to wear eye makeup cuz of all the tears from laughing so hysterically!!!
we need to schedule a visit!! so jealous :)
Back on twitter(': <3
Watching the #SuperBowl commercials and tuning out the game...it's hard to remember not to tune out commercials for once!
Happy Earth Day #Boston :) What is everyone doing?
There are worse things to rip off, at least.
If it's not too windy tonight it's movie night, we're probably showing Point Break... you can also bring in a movie we like, we'll play it
Fortunately serendipity intervened -- found the perfect little park, crunchy leaves, cafe and all.
they are pretty much the same person....
Got whole crew up predawn Passed customs into Canada but view from across border was fog LOT of effort NO photos Dateline: Detroit Michigan
Want the politically correct answer, or the real answer? LOL!
My prayers are with#Oklahoma #State #University during this difficult time.
Holy crap, my best friend's wedding.
Holy crap JF where have YOU been all this time? I've been easy to find. Never left the Shrine :-)
its probably far as fuck lol
Feeling sick :/
Great to hear!! See you soon!
Just posted a 1901 photo of the magnificent Victorian Mansion at 352 N. Broadway Yonkers NY, home of John Havemeyer www.victoriansource.com
In honor of #VMworld I am listening to Electric Daisy Carnival 2011Lie sets. Wish I was there.
lol good luck!
Invitation accepted! Would love to hear your feedback on our book.
QUESTION: What's your Halloween costume this year?
Why in God's name did I decide to start doing my taxes in the middle of the night?
Democrats see the US as a guild. Republicans see it as a pug. This explains their different philosophies when it comes to loot.
heading to with Chicago Metroboard to discuss life-changing opportunities for Chicago's isolated youth
we and might be interested in that! sent you a mail via your site, hope to hear from you soon.
I will hope everything is well! <LOve = CoNquer >
coolness. did they do Black Dog?
good advice comes from bad experiences
Actually, I take back what I said. He was definitely Indonesian.
My Papa, Albert, "served" in the Hungarian Army as a Jewish slave and survived when the Russians took him as a POW.
Hello there! So glad to be a part of your group! Will spread the word!!! <3
m, armadillo carnage
(2 of 4) I added each Follower to Lists with names like Friends, Enemies, News, Politics, etc.
I just want to get out of this town.
It's true that life is like a box of chocolates. But, at The Chocolate Library, you get to choose which kind you'll get
In-kind. Thank you for asking.
Pulp Fiction got to much going on.
Saw 2 bunnies on the walk home
That video why we can't succeed. lmfaoo
maybe you shouldnt get your license.... Save the old ladies in a wheelchair
Im sick of the browns
Thank you! We can't wait to release it. Stay tuned!
RT : Big day: now an official #AAMKT member and signed up for #AAM12. Including the SM Bootcamp - #Vagoose baby!
great to meet you, ! we are looking forward to having you back in the fall!
: Ahhck! I'm in CHI for work at the end of that week and then intern training. Don't think ima be able to swing it...
Marcus Canty? IT'S ALL ABOUT MELANIE AMARO!!! ;)
LOCATIONS...MUCH OF CENTRAL NEW YORK WEST OF THE INTERSTATE 81 CORRIDOR...INCLUDING MOST OF THE FINGER LAKES REGION...AND THE ELMIR...
Woo! RT : Just ordered my Indy 500 tank with koozie + 3 extra koozies for 3 lucky friends yet to be determined!!
that "oh my god" moment when you finish a really good book
haha yes. And a fantastic rooftop view of the city, for when ones wallet needs a breather.
go toa Fac meeting. That is the only requirement for membership.
We'll see. I'm really not trying to be a hater, just saying how the game works, and how the #Athletics work.
love to chat im me
This appears to be ineptitude at its finest.
#JetBlue major miscommunication at SJC being lied to for 3 hours now. Nobody making the call to cancel flight
So proud of my incredible bff for her amazing performance of Mahler tonight. The world is better with her voice.
Hair in the City - The Finest in Hair Coloring & Styling
Invited to Seattle for an early read of a new play. So honored...
real talk
Why can't you get the fuck out of my head, I'm starting to get frustrated.
I get kinda mean when im intoxicated...which makes it real complicated when im by myself. Lol.
Dining alone is vastly underrated.
Sorry!! I'll walk louder in the future.
I got home with about 30 sec to spare before the thunder & lightning started. That was QUITE the unexpectedly (!) LONG night of babysitting.
How was your roots trip?
tommies is fire!! a lil chilli on top da burg. been too long need to get back to cali
If a book about failures doesn't sell, is it a success?
Thanks! Add !
you'll do great just like me. :-)
Just did a set of lashes for one of our FAB customers she looks so pretty
Right on!
Gold Coast <U+2708> Los Angeles.
I can't make it to the contest, but I wanna see a victory downtown today. Make it happen, boys.
Now you are famous :)
I wanna be a <U+E51C> the day of kaskade since ima be the birthday girl :")
You're a scholar and a gentleman. I'm officially on the hunt for your other CakeCreams, which is now a new word, I hope.
Fine Arts Library is so quiet this morning
Unless Peter Nowak brings on Mwanga, this Long Tan sub for has chance to change face of game.
Glee just took it to church. Weird.
lol hope y'all ready for that
Happy Mothers Day to my mom!!!!! Lovee u. Ure a super strong part of my world. Together we stand!
The engineer records the track and mixes the track...
it's basketball of course imma have fun
No!! Bundy gave up his first hit. There goes the professional no no.
great show
Ooh I got on a few days ago! I think they are starting there Medieval party tomorrow! :D I'm so excited! :) How about you? (C)
just finished my Annie rehersals, homework time then tomorrow is early release from school! Time with my friends! <3
Hmm I'm at a point in my life where I have developed positive outlooks on my destructive habits. Lol
Proposal: If cause a life to be lost by 'accidental' #Gun', have mandatory 'waiting period' and re-education before can re-use Guns. Fair?
Tweet me a number and I'll tell you what I like best about your account. :)
have a wonderfull Tuesday my friends.....
Dress for success. Producing in a suit just feels so right.
They aren't horrible. but if someone else has a better suggest I'd go another route.
#GivesYouWings red bull
"The work I do on myself is not a goal, it is a process -a lifetime process. I choose to enjoy the process!" ~ L. Hay (via )
love you bro
In a dream last night I was chased by a Black Angus bull, and for dinner tonight I had a steak - true dat
": yes RT: In 10 games against the Lakers this season, the #Nuggets have outscored LA by a total of 8 points." :0
Summer is right around the corner <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>
Lol, you're sweet. I have a rough draft of a review started & want to talk over some ideas w/you. :)
I HATE moths.
“: No” I get it now, Louis why are u tweeting a Subway commercial hahha "Yes. Yes. NO!"
Aw i miss you too <3
At Barnes and Noble w/SZ. Need appropriate book recommendations for 7yr old girl w/short attention span, but high level reading skills.
Love those skype's that keep you smiling all night. :) #WhatisthisfeelingIcall...yes ;)
Otc..i wanna see this snow white movie
I'm probably of the minority opinion, but I don't think a Midwest zoo needs dolphins. In fact, I'm kind of anti-zoo. I find them depressing.
can't wait for the game tonight!. Your fans are #allin and #readytobeloud for
You KNOW I'm right! Just accept defeat! ;P
Gotta come by and see us at the gardens and see how our cardboard project is working.
you got it..."make ya pussy poot like a compooter gurl!!!"
Never underestimate the power of pretend
If you are using then you need to add the Hootlet app to your web browser. A valuable #SocialMedia tool.
Five years ago: Voters in the Dallas suburb of Farmers Branch became the first in the nation to back an ordinance prohibiting landlords from
I did, I'm here, haha.
always knew u were a heartbreaker... But not likes this J, not my poor heart :-(
First bar we walk into plays Courtesy it's gonna be a good night
it's my half birthday today haha :p
Drove on the road for the first time today and Drivers Ed and I KICKED ASS!!!!! I WAS FREAKIN AMAZING! Just Saying
W.honestconversations.com successfully launched on the #dylanratigan show tonight! Wahoo!
Got a <U+E31F> and I hate it
Thanks, Love. xx
I feel like I've been neglecting my twitter account. With that being said --wishing all a fantastic weekend!
Calling all DIVAS! You can still get your spa on for just $50.
#youmyfriendareonecoolguy I tried finishing our mash-up and it ended up making my voice sound demonic for some reason
Love it!
Don't worry #clintonville, will save you.
#YoureInTheFriendZoneIf he ends up having a kid from a previous relationship.
oh and if you really dont... 2369 Virginia Beach Boulevard ;-)
new ratpackers ?? Welcome<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
sad sad movie lol
Nope, but I've just looked. Responding now
half mast flag for a celebrity? ...me thinks if the person was in the armed forces or judicial/federal branch yes.
*giggles* Nice one DJ
what the heck are you talking about? Lol
I just created a fun Australian character for Youtube...nothing dark and sinister I'm afraid, more blonde and stupid...ie funny
working on t designs.
“: My temper goes from 0 - 10 in less then a second therefore watch your words with me”
We'll have to get together at the track next week!
I want a female that knows how to communicate that keeps our problems between us everybody don't need to know everything.
Thanks for the follow back - stay beautiful!
Road Tripping in The RAIN!!
And a Northstar oatmeal raisin cookie for FREE?! Super bonus.
"The wildest colts make the best horses." – Plutarch
Still waiting for Rolando McClain to become the impact player he was tabbed as
My mojo so dope bitch
My sister better hurry uo nd get to Chicago.
Next song being recorded soon! Stay stoked!
Oh.... Laughoutloud that's really cool.!.!.!.!.!
What a beautiful day in #rva! Let the weather motivate you to exercise outdoors!
i have never done that before & he would not replied -.-
Fri 10-5 & Sat 10-1 Joe Frazier will lie in state at the Wells Fargo Center in S. Philly for fans to pay their final respects.
Anyone offering state- or company-financed life/health insurance to the bar/tavern employees who have to inhale smoke?
Something Grilli tweets.
Kaiser Permanente Wins National Environmental Award
Going to turn try to find season 1 of #boardwalkempire suggestions?
You can tell me anything. I'll probably laugh and make fun of it, but you can still tell me anything.
dear God, please don't let this day turn to complete poop.
that looks like a fun Capri Sun
Thanks for the RT, Scott!
is with In NYC getting ready to hit the stage off Broadway with The Punany Poets; 2 shows tonight !
i love my family. :)
A BMW driver with NU Faculty parking sticker just fingered twice on Clark St. without reason. (swear that it was 20mph on my speedometer)
damn, never fail
Traffic violation cameras are wrong on SO many levels. It scares me that we have been programmed to accept that crap, yet here we are.
real* not realtime
young love was just dumb love, call it what you want it was still enough <3
Um Cali people over enunciate their Rs....HARD LMAO
nba jams right now for the love it
Tonight's Pick up line - Me - Girl im about to win that lottery Chick - How? Me - Cause I'm about to get your digits :O
#glad he doesn't follow me ;D
Hey Houston, we really wanted to say Thanks for the follow!
A #BFMusicFactoid - today in 1827 Composer Ludwig van Beethoven died.
At #tipsandtricks with giving a sneak peek into agency life.
I love you
thanks #bestie!! I just got off work, ready to relax and take a hot bath
Dec 20: 50 Cent says "HAPPY HOLIDAY" to the unsigned artist- $500 cash to hottest performance of the night! Club Pyramid, NYC. 18+, 9pm, $20
No one knows everything RT : Some ppl kno everything some ppl question everything
How cool!!
your angels and gentlemen mixtape is getting me through my exam revision atm cody! thanks you!
When your best friend is driving your dealership cars 30 miles back to the dealership, and you lose her.
Half hour into Red, White, and Blue. Bored out of my mind. This better pick up.
I would feel better if my Brewers tickets for Saturday sold...
#Rockets guard Kyle Lowry has surgery, should be OK in 6-8 weeks
Good! Had a great workout. Getting close to my goal. :)
class registration and a physics test this morning.
if only that's what a SOW really was
Right on dude!
haha yeah I already know you throwing a party over there right now
nope. Changing password!
Congratulation to and Jim Hinrichsen for their first place victory in the Napa Chili cook-off! #5hundy represent!
#30 Jose's - Tampa, FL
lmfao!!! Did I just see a kiddie perm. Work it girl
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe When someone asks the same question over and over again
He's a little guy but he's scrappy as hell. We're made from strong stuff. He'll bounce back. :)
Where in Clematis?
I hope you like my next one, I think its one of my best ones yet!
thank you for believing in what we do!
if someone called you a "motherfucker" and you fucked a milf, would that be a compliment?
thank you thank!
Seeing Eliane Elias's trio tonight with
What a weird movie THE FACULTY is. Among weirder things: Josh Hartnett's haircut.
Off for my 2nd carpal tunnel surguery.
Yum I'm in! Sat, June 11, 5pm at Aespo's Tables? If we're going to be on Mass Ave...
I'm starting to see the ppl that unfollowed me...lol
Just got home from 11 hours of 53rd Birthday fun @ Disney's Magic Kingdom.
Dear SanDiego- Why don't you have a train/trolley stop at Morena/Balboa? There really should be one there.
yo that "Take the Fall" record is DOPE!!
NOT A DOCTOR BUT I CAN MAKE YA FEEL BETTER N IM GREAT AT WRITING PHYSICAL LOVE LETTERS
Perhaps someone will recognize and give you a tip.
Hurricanes mad cause I make it rain on chicks, and the Tornados is piss cause I spin more whips.
It's starting to feel like a 18 cups of coffee kind of day. Hello work week, I can't say that I've missed you. ^_^
Has Evanston been caught in a temporal wake for the last decade? How have so few things changed?
2011.09.13 #Brewers 2 #Rockies 1 | Nothing comes easy / but after extra innings / Braun knocks the walk-off
you hope so
Whoa - Mike Wallace once tried to commit suicide. This Morley Safer interview is amazing.
they say real girls are never perfect. & perfect girls aren't real.
Folks that "I don't want to do business, I just want to create" are dangerous to themselves and the industry.
Re: Performance problem using API - General - Support Forums ...
AnaJet is excited to have a 800 square foot booth at this years SGIA event.
I love Vincent's smile. So adorable! (:
Limestone County Unveils Design Of County’s Tornado Memorial
Well I have to go! love you guys! GoodNight Sweet Dreams Everyone! xoxo btw thanks again for everyone who put me in there #FF yesterday! :)
I have eaten so much today
pretty weird that 2 of my boys ran into you at the most random place last night haha
Excited to see my lady!.
Musicians and artists alike tap into a part of their brain that is very miraculous.
Whose going to vote for us and help us get on Warped Tour?!
Judge Scieszinski: proposed JudR2.11A4 std of "rebuttable presumption" hard for judge evaluating campaign contributors in her files
Thanks, Leslie! Would love to present together! Maybe global read aloud? # lli11
please follow me!<333333
What just happened <<<
Just let me know when. Miss you already!
On this earth to ive to creature lives after lives to command them in my image and my wonderous ways.
American eagle?
I hear you on the memory thing. Mine isn't the best either. But hey we try, right?
Is a cannibal.
So much stuff to do, so little time to do it.
HAVE FUN
re: Southtown TIF community collaboration meeting
Congrats! Hoping to see you in the Burgh soon.
"I have one more person to meet but unless It turns out to be your sister, I think you've got it."
hehe I'm just all kinds of awesome right now
Gears of War 3 or nap after class?
Somebody pass my guitar So I can look like a star And spend this cash like xD
pop pop Whatz good
Rooms #76 & #43 are available tonight! We would love to have you stay with us.
Call me Lil'Wayne cause I'm lickin on your lollipop!
is it summer yet or what get back to NYC!
I agree! He's teachin Gillie the ropes!!
Going to sleep after weekend update.
- hi! Happy pre-St. Patrick&#39;s Day
just learned "smuggler" in german is "schmuggler." i love this language.
Happy christmas eve !! Christmas is just right around the corner ! Time to partyy. ;)
Thank you for the RTs and mentions!
Everyone in this house is sick if I get sick ima be vex lol
aw :( some1 lied to u when they said mustangs were cool
“ Today I am going to focus on my Blessings and not on my Problems....#positivethinking” Amen
Chargers' Mark Fabiani says he depends on local media to tell team's story and gives reporters "fairly high grades" for their coverage.
you're awesome
end of the FY - statistics time
Chime in everyone at #meetingoftheminds let's hear from you
I'm encoding a video right now.
<3 you beach house
Getting ready for a chicken fried steak showdown at with and the Wilder Bros!
D3 time with !
Monday is my Sunday
Spouses who put their partners first have marriages that last.
Running Rebels has the perfect containers & bowls for your #Super Bowl Party! You can have them for a small #donation to the organization!
i would be furious if someone cut the flow haha
There's a difference between giving up and knowing when you have had enough.
If what? Don't leave us hanging, man! RT If some retarded stupid idiotic old man scolding me for no apparent reason.
Time for
BMW hits back at Olympic VIP car critics BMW has rejected criticism aimed at plans to use 4,000 of its cars to ferry athletes and officia
Bollywood is so ready for Hi Fashion. You gotta bring your swagger to Bombay.
Interested in hearing from people with disabilities that travelled on a cruise with their service animal. Any issue?
Does Sakai support IMS Common Cartridge export yet? I looked at SAK-7781 but that is marked as resolved by an unrelated issue?
Off to the farmer's market to get some fresh herbs and veggies for my vegetable bolognese tonight!
I'm so blessed :)
One does not love if one does not accept from others. - Kanuri proverb, Nigeria
Good morning #Baltimore! We are meeting for lunch today at the Hyatt downtown at 12:15. Hope to see you there...
yes they should definitely get another chance!
<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A7>icecream and cupcake wars!!
Im gonna say yes. LOL that's really strange!
My 24" bright red Husky digital level just needs a Thrasher sticker for complete beauty.
Rainy night in NY....what else are you going to do www.kissandim.com/register (sorry guys, females only)!
I should have read the instructions on The Nueva Ring before deciding to use it instead of a condom,think I need stitches!
My flat ass chest >>>> Gwen
Oh okay!! If I come up to NY I'll give you a shout out! My sis lives in BK! I live in boring DC...lol
You can email us at , thanks
#cnndebate why aren't people talking about the Canadian boarder? There are many undocumented people that come in through Canada!
LMFAO!! Bro You Still Funny!
going for a run.
Can you message us on the myspace page and we will figure out when/where we can get you the tickets! Can't wait!!!
we also have 254 million cars on the road compared to their 53 million. We drive more and like cheaper gas.
hey me too. it's brutal.
So fuckin' hungry.. I need to find something to put inside me pronto
Just caught the Man City - QPR highlights. Wow.
NC State missed one of them, but Jason Clark's three is long as time runs out. 66-63 NC State final
Thank you SO much for the follow - I'm VERY happy to return the favor. :) I look forward to your future Tweets!
Awesome! RT : I haven't started yet, but I just saw Howard Reich and his film. Amazing! I will teach ESL/Span...
God damnit. Again.
for Boxing Geeks and Gurus it probably was a GREAT fight. For casual fans like me; Boring! Holla when May vs Paq is Reality
It's a third floor, rear-facing window; she was sitting on her back alley-access staircase. There's never anyone out there.
OH tweeting is a full time job. I can see why Ashton Kutcher works so hard.
USC students--have a great and safe Spring Break!
I love Austin <3
STILL have tickets 4 the all white party may 19th at #clubsugarhill. text NIGHTOUT to 72727 to win a pair! drawing tomorrow for mothers day
I love you.
this day after day sunshine with perfect temps and humidity is starting to get tedious.
August: Osage County. Wow! If you're in LA and haven't seen this yet, Do yourself a favor.
RT : I miss my bros// Miss you too sis!!
need a pick up from the airport?
Thanks! We'll share that with one of our readers. We have a whole list of #kosher "kitchen" questions recently submitted.
what's up??
I want a Shamrock Shake for lunch but it's raining. Sigh...
you know what a Dutch is .. Lol.
Listening to Frank Sinatra feels like coming home. It makes me glow with swinging warm fuzzy feelings :) Sing it Francis.
could you hear the MVP chant? I was impressed.
No, but Michael Mann will be coming soon. Perhaps we should have on for every episode in that series. :)
Believe in yourself.
RT : I really miss you.
Its Money Time!
Everything we hear is an opinion, not a fact. Everything we see is a perspective, not the truth. Marcus Aurelius
and will be at the #FutureofPD Conference on Friday. Follow this handle for their discussion and to participate@
The St. Patrick Day on Memorial will be a celebration after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
And this ladies & gents is a perfect ex of why you dont put niggas in charge of public transportation
Art Rush 4-3! Set up my Wall Street exhibit at Brooklyn College. Attended my friend Ben Jones' opening at Jadite Galleries!
jetty very cool and has clean websockets implementation
If you got the general as your insurance then your ratchet as hell
One more review and I'm caught up *dances*
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
thanks! i had no idea what to expect out here. its actually really rewarding. not that i am staying, but it was a good choice
just got out of work and covered in ice cream.
On TCM they are playing a special on John Williams and Speilbergs partnership. The art of collaboration.
Tryna keep my head up. I know I'll be alright though. Im stronger then what i give myself credit for
Follow back please????
I love you pumpkin :)
Stay Positive! When I feel blue I go to the gym; if that's too much for you right now....go walking and you will feel so much better!~
Attn Uk Fans: RT : You can now buy your Thanksgiving Turkey Brining Kit at Harvey Nichols.
RT This Thursday, Answers to your burning SMM questions at the Social Media Marketing Workshop Feb.9th
Lakers getting that @$$ whoop!! Dude getting all mad & knocking over sh** lol
Why is Rory sleeping with Campbell?? I hate Pete Campbell.
Anyone know of any good #Vegas hotel deals for November 3- 6??? Any suggestions would be appreciated! Also note we are on a budget!
That's so nasty when girls go whoring around in school
lol. You know how it is....daddy's little girl...
Signed with AVO today....surreal!
Three more days until the "Absurdities Crept In"opening! Woo Hoo!
i hate this kid norris cole...
Urghh, i hate this.
Habitat answered our requests and we will be building in the 9th Ward this semester folks!!
Got me a new bathing suit
.RT Winner! RT : "Bringing home the bacon and a Benz."
30 mins and counting --- come meet the people behind Ad2 and AdClub at Mainstay Rock Bar!
We had a time last night at , great atmosphere wonderful food.
saw u on younow.com - very cool work!
Yeah #Brewers get pissed off and take it out on the baseball, like what I'm seeing outta them tonight
Holy shit. Thank you for posting my Warren video!
On to Step 2 - looking at the context. Conduct and internal and external scan
SInce when does KFC Classic Catches include Classic Clangers?!?!
Happy mothers day to a wonderful strong mother
just ordered us a new HD, hopefully we can get our systems back online soon!
“: I guess no wants a follow back because no one followed ” I did!!!
ha ha I cant I have stuff to do I will sleep tonight Im off so ha
THANK YOU!!!
see it with me!
A spectacular #MNF game.
I'm sure it would exceed expectations.
10 seconds...... Let the count down begin lol. I don't even like the Lakers, why am I watching this game
Yes! The Rude Mechanical Orchestra joined us today. Likely more as the weekend progresses.
what a day
This is one of the most dramatic #EPL days ever. I'm going to need a drink soon. I don't care if it's not noon yet.
Late Sunday and I have that did I do my homework feeling. hate that but thank you
Can't find me in just one spot
beautiful stuff, folks. i highly recommend:
Mothers of teenagers know why some animals eat their young. LOL
it happened what it had to happen.
#ggj12 strategy: sleep Friday, marathon afterward? marathon until Sat/Sun crash? At the least, one 8 hour shut-eye somewhere in the 48 hrs.
:( thought u were only staying for one drink!
I just beat BrickBreaker!
Minnesota Tile &amp; Stone opened a new flagship studio - Minneapolis Star Tribune
Absolutely. Nice to meet you! Welcome to the profession!
shoutouts to big dawg and for fuckin wit my records. we out here boy
where are u applying for an internship? Thinking Bout NY by Ny chance ?
Baseball playoffs start tonight. Who do you want to win it all?
#youknowyouresouthern when youre more polite than the girl ringing you up in a department store
Today is Pelly Marie's first school dance. Have a great time sweetheart.
Tickets tonight to see the incomparable My 7th time seeing her in concert.
Pain is temporary. It may last a min, or an hr, or a day, or a yr, but eventually it will subside and something else will take its place.
University of San Francisco extends scholarship offer to Homestead junior Luke Worthington. DePaul also showing strong interest.
Owens Lake air district on dust-mitigation lawsuit: "The work is nearly complete. Why is LADWP now unwilling to finish the job?"
whoop faded! “: B/Day kickback for my 21st on the 26th, who's down to come threw??!”
if watching Disney movies makes u gay, i am SUPER homo and proud of it.
Had to sleep on the pull out bed on the couch last night. That thing is MAJORLY uncomfortable. I hope we get the aircon fixed today.
We are now offering Green Apple froyo and Caramel froyo side by side! Come get your caramel apple today!
his forgiveness. laaawl
Didn't run on the treadmill today, but did chase a little girl all around the flower aisles of Shopko. That counts, right?
Vernon Davis got his ungrad degree from UMD, but he obviously got his graduate degree from Ball So Hard U.
don't worry, already got my tickets to go.
That's a smart way of articulating the administrative dilemma. I feel the same, often.
Mental note: figure out all the trumpet parts from Miles Davis' 1958 Newport set on guitar.
Give me your hand
I stay stressing, but after today, I'll be done with 3 classes.
Let Us All Do What We Can't Do On Our Own....We Can We Will...WE&NOTme
...and at is BOOKED! can't wait
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxoox
I'm so proud of my play brother, and friends for there success with there reality show:-)
I can't wait to see it! :) it's going to be so cute!
I'm from Fond du Lac... which is where they moved from. *Great* people. I miss them!
Man I Luv ATL things R so cheap....
Hey guys Like us on facebook! www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
It's pretty crazy to consider--my favorite teams, #Dodgers have the best pitcher/position player, Kershaw/Kemp along w/ Rodgers in
follow me back fool (:
oooohhh :) thank you!
thanks for a fun afternoon on the bay.
Boston for the night. :)
Thx for sharing! I transitioned my teens to #Paleo-it's been 6 mo! They are calmer, more athletic, less moody, & more focused!
“there is no such thing as fantasy unrelated to reality” <U+2015> Maurice Sendak
yea a really long time...I been good. Crazy tho I was just talkin bout u today.
The foibles of gossiping. “Remember not only to say the right thing in the right place, but far more difficult still, to leave unsaid...
Well, , I may literally bring home the bacon.
Happy New Year's Eve everyone. And 4 tomorrow Happy New Years! I hope this yr everyone has an amazin year, may ur hopes/dreams come true :D
totally agree I would even take a shot in the late 1st with Silatolu
I dont really wanna try the dorito taco
When im high i look normal when im sober i look stoned
Thanks for the RT
Paige? Or the other one?
In case you didn't know, the farmers market moved into the It's Bazaar store for the winter, every Saturday in Purcellville.
Back in the USSA
This long ass drive from Seattle is killin me....
I wanna meet and greet you <3
Thanks for a great night!
The Pele! Nice! RT : Hello world, thank you for welcoming me to Twitter. I am very excited to share my life with you. Love, Pele´
So they sing on the singing bee <3 gotta love it
#dhtrial So the day closed with it back to the jury on Monday. The Judge Bixon court drama was fascinating to watch. Status 8-4 & holding!
I'm diving back into 90s #prince — with Whitney gone, I need to reevaluate my appreciation of what's still around.
I don't have any plans. I don't create the plans my wife does. Put me in front of a dog and I'll make sure the dog has a plan for his life..
Laying out. Then going for a run. This is my whole weekend. No complaints <U+270C>
that they do! I seriously love Switzerland
How great to run into you yesterday, in Charlottesville. I'm glad you're doing well at UVa!
#alamw12 #el12ala Anyone looking to share a room at Midwinter? Let me know :)
oh yes. And we have your favorite style of wings. Choose from three choices... Team roots...
I was only off by 9 years.
Oh my fucking adorable.. I want :(
#TeamPisces the creative achiever swimming thru the ocean of life.
"As for the future, your task is not to foresee it, but to enable it." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Check out for news on all things
Good effort #Lobos!
goo.gl/aNC5W Pleasure P – Who I Gotta Be - Send to friend
I was wondering about that. Thanks!
Thank you for the great resource. Right now, my vote is iPad, but thinking I want the kids to have a full keyboard, too. You?
are you following yet? cause you should:) things are heatin' up as we get ready for the worlds greatest TV show to premiere!!:)
what's its called?
got u!
Hahahahaha! You are awesome.
Don't know about anyone else but I'm using FED-EX everytime!
i would like phil jackson or van gundy, but what about jerry sloan, i think amari would step his game up with a coach like that!
At ihop bout to get mu grub on.
New strings?...yes!....D,Addario XL are a best buy and great sounding with very good "feel" even de-tuned a whole step.I use them..a LOT!
Pray for camryn bracelets back in stock!!! Just adult sizes :) $3 each!!
got me a awesome present today. But I am not allowed to tell anyone on twitter.
Good Morning Wonderful People.. I Hope Your Day Has Been Good And Stays Good.. I LOVE YOU ALL.. And Don't Forget 2 Smile..
Go Rangers!! RT : Great game, suspenseful series. Congrats to on tonight's win. Next up, Jersey.
"Be proud. You are an asset" -Einar Barr for the class of 2012
I added you on Facebook ((:
Night shift too. Good times.
Stop being a pussy man up!
I wish my mom could take me to school .
" would you think I'm crazy if I said you're the one for me.." Be mine.<3 (:
Uh, what? Are you in DC?
Gregg Williams is offering $1000 to whoever finishes off Piqué.
i am such a huge fan! you are such an inspirational person, you are my idol<33333333 i hope you see me, i love you<3!
I was just playing with my neck skin...I may be a marsupial!
Wow. If that wasn't a heart attack-inducing at-bat... Nice job, Braun!
Tell the good old boys of Nascar to X@#@# off! Time to recognize you are an accomplished driver and need a fair shake.
Trivia Tuesday! Hints: Inventions are a theme for this week and do you know who the Wizard of Menlo Park is? Also, Margarine was...
ha ha well that was my joke! Nice on the abs. Impressed! Don't believe you on the girls.
Searcians never quit. It's our culture and tradition. RT>>>“: Big day in Searcy >>>“ is back."
What's your latest FREE mixtape/ep/album that your listening to? Give me the details to post up. :)
Now taking applications for a professional to shave my legs for me. That is how much I hate doing it.
I thought it was just a metaphor for shallow evaluation
The shade!! The shade of it all at Starbucks now!
Of course
Jaja si I have heard of it and didn't you say you weren't gonna bother me anymore? Haha im guessing your gonna call me tht
yeah, i'm hella lucky. and blessed. soon, man. nobody i know more deserving of it then you bruh.
Hello World
too soon.
I'll be home this weekend for a bridal shower & Friday night is the only time I have free to hang out :)
My coworker was quizzing me on history at work... I failed. But I won in the celeb category :)
agreed he's a great player, needs to carry the ENT this summer when he's back from suspension
i feel you
Another triple double for rondo!
Lookn like shit but not given a single fuck today ;p
Totally against inside smoking. I don't smoke those things and I definitely dont wanna smell like that nastiness. Tank u
So far so good!
This has been a recurring problem! I thought we had solved it and I'm very sorry you weren't able to comment.
#ILikeObamacare because it allows afforable health care & I'm proud my childern one day will grow up in a better health system b/c of Obama
omg nvr mind no sense of humor
i thought we were eloping?
I have to work on my social studies assignment now. YEE......Not
Finally got tired, knocking out in a sec. Detox Diary 2012 will be updated tomorrow.
Tom, thanks for signing up! We appreciate it!
indeed she is :) very well put.
Courage is the price that Life exacts for granting peace. Amelia Earheart
Customer service is a HUGE opportunity.
My throat hurts like I'm sick smh
This goes for breweries and organizations I do business with.
Follow me back so i can send you a DM. I will look in to your Roku update problem
Jake grew up in front of our eyes. He was cute but he's super sexy now.
Carmello Anthony has been found guilty of perjury
2010- prepare yourself for "the Jedi" / www.benjieross.com
I broke my front screen of my iphone
Yes, the subset of women who don't are referred to as "ladies." The larger set who do are referred to as "philistines."
Gillmer: WA comes across as more progressive bc banned interracial relationships only briefly, but other legal mechanisms were used
I think it's a good thing you're not watching this game.
Shhh everyone is home safe now :P lol
I HEAR ALOT OF RUMORS BUT THEM ARE LIES.
I can be either an observer or a player. If I want to play a life, I have to accept I will get dirty, sweaty, messy. Still, I like playing.
you know your bestfriend loves you when she breaks into your house and steals your credit card to bring you lunch at school(:
Did pretty well this morning. 3rd or 4th overall, 1st or 2nd in my age division. But I don't train for 2nd. Lots of work to do.
I hope these morons riding their quads on the road knows it's illegal to do so. Hope you get arrested. :)
North Carolina, go stand in the corner with Utah and Arizona.
We're never getting to the review part
YES INDIANA! YES! YES! YES!
Hey stat geeks, when is the last time the #Redsox gave up 15 or more runs in a game twice in 1 week?
I don't deal with crazy...
story of my life.
i wish life was like the movies
We told each other we was going to sleep and now we can't sleep....we goofy as hell but
#WakeMeUpWhen People stop sleeping together before they barely know the person
I don't know actually, I've never hosted one. Sounds fun though. :)
it's happened at Ricky's house, BEST thing ever !
Watching idol on DVR. Lisa Marie Presley. Weird.
haha, what time is it with u
Michalko summary - recurring theme was to mix and re-use data and resources; urge social and crowd-sourcing but we lack scale
Who Wants 4 Free Beats?
PREVIEW today of "Rock in Her Pocket" presented by $7 tickets. 4:30pm I would love to see you there!
Another day.....another ___________?
I have faith!! I am going to pick you up right now!!!
Every man's life lies within the present; for the past is spent and done with, and the future is uncertain. -Marcus Aurelius
And another thing, can Rickie Weeks sit for a fucking day? What harm can it do at this point?
#gopackgo Clay-maker
This girl ugly af and her clothes never fit ...
Hi! Great to see you here on Twitter.
my point is that "push everything to our chosen vendor" is made possible by the D
Did anyone else just feel a rumble like a small earthquake in Arlington? @
Yes it is. ": Its nice to have MWP back"
Downtown LA: the only place u can get your hair straighteners, perfume, color contacts, gold, dvds + homemade papusas all in one place.
call people back?
do you love your mahomies? <U+2665> I LOVE YOU
An update on the Milwaukee Police officer injured by a hit & run driver: spokeswoman says tips ARE coming in.
Shut up<3
Web has changed quite a bit since I was last into it. I might get back into it...
"The whole problem can be stated quite simply by asking, "Is there a meaning to music?" My answer would be, 'Yes.' And "Can you state in...
Wed at 10 is perfect. Anywhere by Waterford is great for me. B&N definitely works.
Stop telling me The Rundown is on, MLBN. MASN is on.
Our friend Bill just became a Chum Buddy! He donated $25 today! Thank you Bill!!
done following and done retweeting! :)
love the name! Thanks for the follow.
Last night I actually sang in a Gospel Choir in front of a group of people. It was strange , but exhilarating, to say the least.
The ones on my feed are legit (the pin and the giveaway). Who knows what the spambots do... I report/block them!
#1DTourUSA Chicago, June 2nd, Section 111 row H row 26 : CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF CROWD SURF.
My first real upper body workout in 10 weeks!! Man...it feels good to be back! It's going to take a while to get my strength back where...
Thanks for the shoutout!
#DunkinDonuts should be trending.
Thx, everyone for coming out last night.Open for you already. Dbl Punch Drink of day: Pumpkin Pie Latte. 10- 30% Off Sale continues today.
You wrote this moments before I wrote my panic tweet. Panic! Panic!
trust me, you don't have to be forever alone! <3 you got all of us (:
I will succeed!!! Because I can I says!!! Hahaha :)
Does anyone know how I can stream NFL rz to my iPhone? Traveling all day. Have a directv nfl sunday ticket subscription.
There is no security in this life only opportunity. General Douglas MacArthur
Time to snap back to reality.
ha ha The reporter's laughing, pointing at the Tar Heels fans ! #Duke what a game ! Great victory, instant classic.
in elementary school we were supposed to bring in a photo of our hero and I brought my Bon Jovi poster, mostly to be an asshole
“: JUNIORS!!: is having a party tomorrow night and al of you better be there! #weneedtobond !<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><U+270C>” AGREED!!
#chiefs get #poe saw that as soon as they traded
seriously I love your car
As I watched the ice skaters, I noticed @ 10%, at any time, were on their butt. Wonder how many had cell phones in their back pockets?
One more mention of by another speaker! This guy must be amazing!
Follow on google plus at OfficialMindlessBehavior143
As always, it was lovely seeing the indescribable and eloquent ; he only exhausts me un poco. But, looks great in everything.
Authors print a copy of goals that can be seen every day and DO THEM MY FRIEND! There now you have your accountability for the day.
. doing a great job pointing out what a soulless, gutless, cowardly prick is.
ooh! Need to give this one some thought
#NowPlaying Night Ripper.
32 Inch HDTV. SOLD for $.10! Visit Bidfather for WAY below retail price products.
Digging in to the coding phase of the captiv8 website. Things are getting exciting!
Always under promise and over deliver.
Awww thanks, my staff might have a different opinion ha ha
Brown has to make a better effort there. He made that pick look way too easy
Does your therapist like getting paid? This could foot the bill. Sheesh, your therapist should consider the big picture here.
Yay! Can't wait to meet little Benjamin Paul! Congrats to Toni and Andy on their new bundle of joy :) (PS- I LOVE his name!)
Shout out to !
I weight myself every day and have been doing it for years now.
the guy on the goldrush show looks like dane cook.
looking forward to tomorrow!
#Romney the #bully on video: we are going to stuff capitalism down Obama's throat. And now we know he has that in him.
She a model chick,I wanna model chick
um yea! lol its only right! judging by yo pics!
Photo shoot next week.... Shena Renee coming soon :)
i will, tomorrow. Night
Is it true that csi Miami has been cancelled? Say it ain't so!
Did not support him. But Bell that just rang signified the end of the GOP Primaries. The page has turned. It is time to learn some new songs
no...they need an athletic big man to play defense. A 2 that can shoot...& then bosh & bron will kill!
Shit! I'm up, emjoying the coffee and converstaion and it's already done. Crap #uppers Crap!
Consumer & Residential Mort. Lending is in full force! So many breakouts to choose from this morning:TDRs, Student Loans & Compliance.
“: Don't get it: Stern agrees flopping is an issue, but charges Vogel 15 K for bringing it up. Okey doke.”
ok so what we doing?
make us proud!
hey, there's some sort of fire...
lucky. lol. None. My friend has 4 brothers. xd And they're all sexy af. haha
HILARIOUS- Ellen's Favorite Hidden Camera Pranks!
i followed him :)
Doc Rivers has gonee back to Ryan Hollins in the last 3 minutes of a close playoff game. No, I'm not kidding.
I have researched 7 ancient cultures that encoded movement in their ancient animations. China and Peru are coming soon.
Nice Mothers Day dinner of baked chicken with potato salad and soft dinner rolls. Now to rest a bit before going to work
If not, you wouldn't be doing your job!
like a fucking viking!
Emma, thanks for the AWESOME mention in your write-up! You should have come up after the talks! :)
I just can't believe a city as broke and challenged as Milwaukee is going to piss away $100M+ on a 2 mile street car. INSANE!!
Tom from the wanted said she's a total bitch. ahaaha. Now every time I see her I just notice how bitchy she comes off.
lol got jokes huh?
game on.
Glad you're reading LITP and loving it! Thanks for the feedback and for spreading the word! Blessings.
Tri-City could've used out on the ice in their loss to the tonight! "Put the foil on!"
Have a Happy & Prosperous New Year!
slow practice! What a luxury! Aiming for total perfection! Not one note sounds quite right! But love trying to to get there!
I can officially report the game is at 7:05 CT. #gladIcouldhelp “:
dang dude, shoe game getting kinda crazy lol
I'm gonna be mad if it doesn't snow today
We have icicles hanging from our noses 'cause the seats are so high up, but it matters not.
we will have to keep this friendship and see hahaa
#UNDEAD REVOLUTION IS COMING OUT IN SUMMER!
#3WordsForYou I Miss Us <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Thanks for the retweeting and so-forth. Much appreciated.
Lovely weather. #summertimeChi is almost here!
"iGotta Chick That Loves Me."
It's duplication not authentic. He opposes God and wants to be like God therefore giving out false hope
Great game
Morgan Freeman is God. still. yup. ok.
Back Pocket Memory is a Rock band from Burbank, CA and they will be Blogging 17 May – 17 June 2011 for TRR... Be sure to check it out!
thats awesome good smelling hair buddy (:
the sweetness lit up at swan dive UNKNOWN_ERROR
Aww that's not good! :( I'm sorry!
Lets get this weekend started.
it's scary that a muni fire is a plausible excuse
game day
World War Z? Confederacy of Dunces? A Heartbreaking Work of Staggering Genius? The Road? Breakfast of Champions?
Going the the presentation doc. holy crap. this is really looking good! yay!
you're so wonderful! <3 just added on facebook :)
ATTN: Occupiers disassociating your selves from the homeless, you are all fucking hypocrites.
Dude, humans aren't supposed to go see vets!
v_v looks like no one wanna talk . . . #rusheroff :L
If you don't have to waste energy killing penalties, you can exert it on different things," said Flyers captain
Very classy memorial service for Jr Seau by the #Chargers. #55 will never be worn again. Dean Spanos just made it official.
I have 8 classes smarty :p
what you said.
high stranger lol. keep doing ya thing i'm lovin it
Convenient downtown SF locationCall for free phone consultation
Thanks ladies! Pageant girls DO rock!
about time arrogance and false power are brought down. Paterno should personally apologize to each victim and his family.
it's been a day.
I was just cracking up over you tweeting about some woman's chest haha. Love Ben Bailey. Best Cash Can host fershure.
The Last Emperor (China) must have been 6 or 7 when his wet nurse was dragged away. Any next children for these moms? Ha!
So many of my child hood friends past I can't even cry any more
Hi Tracey. Sending you a song - Well Done by Deitrick Haddon. Hope you can listen soon. Claim today, it is yours.
Laying in bed & I can hear the rain hella raining hard outside .smh
It is very KOHLd outside
I think less of it being a "technology issue" but rather how the doc perceives the ePatient's own research
another 5 week session beginning this Wednesday at Dixie. Some spots still available. Sign up through Marinwood Recreation Department.
So freaking cold!
found a pair of those in my car. Are they yours?
what are you and my parents going to see
Thomas Lux: The Reader was very patient with me. I had no idea how to write non-fiction.
if u have not done so yet u can be consumed by the data. Every athlete tells u something different. We just have to listen.
did u hear about peters relationship
I have over 900 songs on my iPod and genius can't find 25 songs that are some what similar to create a playlist?!
Charger fans don't know a thing about Ingram, until today. #desperation!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Its Always Something ..
RT only or can win for now. they'll decide which or you gets SportsNation's FIFA once they win...good luck!
it just seems a little unnessarrry to me...
How can your heart break and be so full at the same time? Love you, friends.
correct. The ability to control emotions is innate, science is learned; therefore fallible. Emotions are easily understood.
seem true. So please enjoy your life because you with regret it if you don't. I'm pretty sure everyone knows how it feels to be at a.....
Once we wrapped today its back to my film Rain Dance, a Sketch Comedy Pilot and another short film.
Thanks for Liking me, Maxi.
I am thinking rain!!
Most predictable headline in E-N this am: "Lots of rain, but it's still a drought." It. Never. Ends.
Your Monday is my Saturday.
Thunderbirds are scheduled to fly at 2pm today. 28 min to find a view of the lake.
For you--a moment, for us--unending gratitude: tell your friends about our fantasy indie flick! Retweet indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
At home with my mama for the summer. Ahh. What a breath of fresh air I get now that Im off campus! Wont be staying during my senior year!
Can't wait to go see Selena Gomez & the scene it is going to be awesome and I am going to the fair can't wait can't wait peace out
Never allow someone unimportant to rob you of pursuing something important <3
This is stuidddd.
watching One Tree Hill <3
Email andrew [at] simplegeo.com if you have a specific question.
Aw, really? MT Burt Reynolds' glib schtick in check for 74's still-entertaining #TheLongestYard, though it's not aging well.
what you think about Hook Mitchell?
Well I sincerely apologize if I have offended you
As we let our life shine, we unconsciously give other people permission to do the same, as we are liberated from our own fear.
that suxs! for me today is a holiday, no skool for me....
lol ur gay u stud thats why u always at my old shorties crib
check check and check!
You is my girl.
Good luck!!
#IThankGod for his grace and mercy because I don't deserve any of it.
what's good, tweeters! so beautiful today! yard work done and showered up; ready to get out and about!
#YouGetMajorPointsIf you look good in my jersey
Yes. Please like and retweet everything that makes you angry.
# astdnefl chapter meeting - Organizational Resolutions: Determining Needs in 2012.
Someone punch me in the face. It'd be better than being this bored.
Sitting in the kitchen tlkn to Aileen & she said sumin, I'm like say what. Dj like what. Lol, now he keep saying what.
Good to know. :) RT : i speak on authority here. has no boyish charms. he is ALL BEAST.
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook. - William James
Tonight should be fun rope swing tomorrow with my sister and the crew then cometary and camping out yeah this weekend should be good
Oh, crap. Posterous has been Oracled by Twitter.
Woohoo!! Me too sweetness!! We will have way too much fun!!
Thank you so much! That comment made my day. Please let us know if there is anything else we can do for you!
When you read other peoples tweets there all like: @@@@, #####. Do their tweets make any sense what's so ever to anyone.
I hate missing work for stupid reasons!!! It only results in 12 hour work days the rest of the week. Blah.
; I need a good name for a #designcompany #suggestions ?
Thanks for the LR/Aperture feedback Not sure what I'll do...
a bird did the same thing to me last week. My mirror broke but the bird lost the battle
“: Like I said, Texans not there to win.” that's okay with us!!!
i am so happy 4 you
Big Bill congratulates Kelsey Grammer on his Golden Globe for #Boss! I taught the man everything he knows about being Mayor of Chicago!
I know you're just being humble when you say you pitched like crap. Great stuff from you this road trip!
Dear girls, don't smoke cigarettes. That shit is REALLY unattractive.
Juice gets the wink face lol
If wants to hit a girl something is seriously wrong in his brain. What is wrong with our society?
My sleeping hours are fckkkkked up.
I heard he died in his sleep.
Need to find a new book to read, life seems so boring when I'm not
Remove your acoustic ceiling texture,get FREE crown moulding find out more at www.mrdspainting.com "We Love to Paint" and we do so much more
OMG help my face is burning from this facial....at least i know its working
Why stop at 23? "Nebraska Learns 2.0" now an on-going program for staff, with one new technology highlighted each week
yet another reason to use mass transit.
proud of you!! Congrats!!
Sweet Child O Mine
Looking forward to it!
I like being in a long relationship not something short and simple
Dawg, I hope u get ur money's worth cuz it don't look good
Thank you for the mentions - I really appreciate it!
we should all tweet the REAL Eva Longoria and confuse her.. Lolol
Anxiously awaiting tomorrow's #americanidol results show to see if made it to the next round!
Why I'm up so early I don't know...
I did not expect to have a day like this anytime soon... :( RIP Hennessey. You were such an awesome horse.
How are you?
RT : "O taste and see that the LORD is good: blessed is the man that trusts in Him." Psalm 34:8
It's layered, but the longest strands just come to my hips. Probably 2.5 or 3 feet there depending on where I measure.
Good! Encourage to tweet more & he will! RT : even sent me a couple of messages. Added bonus!
Perception is reality. Make the most of it! ;) cc:
the Knicks failed to bring down the evil empire Hopefully the Pacers will be more successful
#GeatestAlbumOfAllTime all-american rejects kids in the street
RT : "The most interesting thing we’ve discovered is the gap between people’s intentions and their actual behaviors" http:/...
Eh, I just see code snippets sometimes (WP StackExchange, other places) that look like things I've shared in the past :)
mighty > taco bell. Cmon man get your act together.
Joe Johnson, Josh Smith, and Marvin Williams a combined 0-of-9 from the field after nine minutes of action.
I love this so much<3
Two Years Ago You INSPIRED Me to Be A Better Dancer & You Still Do To This Day! Happy Birthday! & I Hope You Had A GREAT One!<3
that's right man! And I'm looking forward to playing to all of them this summer!
Can you help us hit our year-end goal of having a couple thousand more followers?
Two fantasy drafts over the weekend. Never feel prepared enough for those. Two more drafts this week. Who wants to watch opening day Wed?
PENN STATE!!!
Been listening to some great Chris Cavanaugh songs the past couple of days. Excited to be pitching them!
Sometimes I think too much.
thank you for the kind words miss
Just saw Bartolo Colon take the hill for the #Dodgers. Oh wait, that's Aaron Harang... sorry Dodger Fan :-)
I really wish heartland crossing didn't smell like rotting fish carcass.
i put up my 1d poster
Seven more days for Harry Potter and The Deatly Hollows Part 2
I watched rapelling for 'Over the Edge’ in FTW. The only reporter to do their story from the side of the bldg. Nice scoop!
#shawfacts Shaw once led 300 Spartans against Persia and you know the outcome
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 252
In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock. ~ Thomas Jefferson
yes! david yurman lookalike?
Hope the #Packers grab this guy!
Hhaahha :{) agree with that!
Greetings tweeter peoples of the Earth!...Here's to my first tweet ever! Woo hoo! And here's to worldpeace (not the NBA player)...
now following & hiring LA Co. Community Coordinators to work with TOP high school exchg program. Pls REFER & RT.
don't judge me if I start crying for no reason.
that's why I said usually. Certainly not across the board.
One night only
That new shit is dope. "Life's a trip when you want these things." Makes me way too excited for
Old school, and proud of it.
Night off in Chicago..first stop..GINO'S EAST
I can forget my very existence in a deep kiss of you.
After an error on the Rays, Tolleson hit becomes a triple & bring the up 2-1
why am i so excited for vball tryouts IDK #7days!!!!
Cookie time!!!
Way too early to switch off lads. Too much time left and now the OT crowd will be nervous again. I know I am.
Day Of Silence<3
Thank you #slnsolsummit for Webcasting your sessions! Great opportunity for learning.
I like songs in the "novelty" genre, provided they are instrumental.
: So many changes in the NBA..... I'm looking for a new team to be a Fan of.... I think ima have to go wit the Chicago Bulls!!
Put a picture up already, Get it together, Meyer. Welcome to 2012. Love you.
Just added a new Facebook Shop to this page. Now you NEVER have to leave FB! New House MD, The Office, and Community graphics coming soon.
#aaa2010 actually rallying for 8AM panel is proof of my commitment to anthro. NOT a morning person. Nap later.
Riding the #Coaster from Oceanside to downtown SD for federal jury duty today.
“: Thanks for Sharing Susan! Great seeing you here on tweeter!” I love the Bloom box :-)
you can purchase them through me and I will add you to the guest list :)
They never really want u till u want sumbody else
#diablo3 is overall a disappointing experience. Game is highly polished, but feels outdated.
That's a long way from Portland, but a nice 2 day trip from Sacramento. We wish we could #getoutandzip to Napa!
Where is the off switch?
Deady Middle school Marching Band-Houston Directed By Galen Malone Joins The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston. Call Us @ 713-953-1633
The onset of rain in Boise almost spoiled my bbq plans for the evening. Then I remembered Im no quitter.
Painting the hours away. Better than watching tv. Word. Time to watch some tv tho.
Second Mile Leadership.
the theme song just popped in my head...WILD OUT NOW WILD OUT NOW. Although there was this one chick on there super hot
Why is it that a child's death amounts to a tragedy, but the death of millions is merely a statistic?
If you're a #NASCAR fan, you gotta get to #ACCEL12 ... Great event!
This application is gonna be the death of me
Someone else was broadcasting from the Sport cemetary : you are technically not in Southport.
I went from happy to sad to happy again in four hours. The affect 1D has on me.. oh lord.
...Which would be redistrib'ing to another private party. Other ppl use public goods that an individual's taxes paid for
im down if its for sure.
Yes, i even unfollowed you, then followed you again. Twitter is stupid
Pizza, wine, cookies, laughs. Fuckin' A, man. Fuckin' A.
Cause that's what Lafayette needs....
bus time moved to 930 games got pushed back to 1 and 330
I love coffee in the morning!
yeah, forced advert for sure. Would love to know the media plan rationale for that...hopefully, it was added value.
Yep! RT : this look amazing!!!
I love and live for God. It's religion and its followers I can't stand.
police; anything you say can and will be held against you. me; channing tatum. (;
Snack. Popcorn
Wow this guy Meta got me rollin LMAO!! That's a crazy ugly dude mane!!!
But me without my platforms ...not happening. From my cold dead hands :)
hahaha infusing cheer with pop culture, that I am (;
RT Going thru my iPhone full of girls that I bone , bunch of niggas I fuck with couple niggas that I don't
Finna Get Ready 2 Just So I Can Have It For Later
this is seriously #outsatanding! Thank you. Thanks a lot!
Hahaha! Life must be good in #rochmn tonight ;)
obviously we must clone you...or just get you some serious assistance [more volunteers, federal scanning commission, etc]
Been having a down day, just opened my blinds - Wowzers
Preparing two papers this week, due May 3, for the Automatic Data Mining for Social Networks conference. Pres. cabinets are the test data.
"She said I don't care if you're 80, you'll always be my baby"
#thatcampva12 like it.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to those affected by the Japan earthquake.
Love me like I love you.
i aint been on twitter in a min.
G's Lounge tonite! 11601 FM 2759 Richmond Tx.
Fuck jobs. Except blow jobs.
Ima bout to lay down im tired
Illegal defense? Never heard of it
Last minute reservations? Give us a call!
We're troubleshooting some issues with our API consoles, so if they're not working for you, please stand by.
A reminder about the flyer they sent you! RT : Boy, I wish my alma mater would email me begging for money some time.
tweeting and..thats all lol you?
Party all night long
YES - so how bad are the Steelers?
a shade warm in LA today.
We wish Elizabeth Edwards very smooth sailing!
It's my daughter's, , 19th birthday today! Happy birthday Babygirl!!
According to a Watson Wyatt survey, 63% of co's that cut exec pay or instituted salary freeze won't re-adjust exec salaries over next 6 mths
omg don't talk of these things
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! Please let us know if we can help your School's save on laptop batteries!
my honey bear :) hahahaa. Kisses to you!
Maturity doesn't come with age; it comes with acceptance of responsibility.
Ppl should worry about themselves
come over guys
Re-arranged the storage today.
#WhenYouLoveSomeOne They will become a refreshing thought...Just thinking about them brings a smile to your face.
Stand your ground laws were written for white people. All others must cede their ground.
We're working on that too. Stay tuned.
Sorry, your life story just doesn't appeal to me.
Attending #NAIOP Night of the Stars tonite at Bellevue Hyatt - tuxedo time!
Good night tweeps. Stay positive...even though it's hard <3
I`m going to open a store next to Forever 21 and call it Finally 22.
I go whenever one of my friends update their fb profile to the timeline format. Yes...Chris Brown is a verb
I'm not trying to antagonize obviously. You are much more knowledgeable than me. I hate seeing children suffer in any way.
hi lacey, happy wednesday to you
I hate anyone who calls something a webinar. :-p
cause i have no interest in that shit! Lol
enjoy my brother :) everyone else gets to listen in a week ^_^
Cookout is 4 days away!!! Do you have your tickets yet?? W.Heartlandcookout.org benefitting our brave men&women in uniform
It was nice seeing tonight doing better than ever :) I missed him :} *
I'm also in Kentucky -- warm today, but going to change; time to find someone for hot sex...
I'm excited to see!
I'm the girl with the yellow hair.
Bourbon Carrot Cakes for Easter?!?! Yes I think so! Get your orders in :-)
Walk-in store is open to the public Thur-Fri-Sat from 9am-5pm. Online store 24/7. Online and phone Customer Service Tue-Sat 9-5.
do u like the over138?
Stupid corporate America and your ads!
Just joined this twitter thing. Lets see what happens. lol
i have a slant about the loan modification co's clsing in LV that increased unnecessary foreclosures. call me 503-869-2688
I'm so torn about this.I hat the civil liberties violation as much as I hate the stupid 420 gathering.
I'm celebrating the Irish today by wearing a green blanket on my couch and pretending that the floor is hot lava.
especially after he won a super bowl with them! damn man
“: The worst thing is holding on to someone who doesn't want to be held on to.”
The #Bucks look sharp tonight.
I wanna break my jaw so people think that it's cool that I can still rap.
one time when I woke up I could feel him get up off the edge of the bed and walk down the hallway. No joke!
What happened you neve notice me anymore :'(((
For Elrod ES? Is the crossing guard typically a police officer or a volunteer?
Just got back from wine tasting at Slate Run Vineyards in Ohio, 15 or so miles outside Columbus
oops sorry!
I agree I don't always agree with you,but I think Its awsome that u stand by what you say. And your dog Rocks!
So awesome to be part of the Profiles Former Intern Club!! Who is the president??
Damn, I didn't realize having a jackhammer and sledgehammer going 10ft away for an entire day would cause me to have a headache today...hm
Im a ranch chicken and rice wrap and a Blue Moon Pale Ale.
Huge, huge hold.
I-5 SB from the Marquam Bridge to Wilsonville continues to get slower as the left lane is now blocked just past Norwood due to an accident
thanks! #Wish is a classic! spread the word on best prices around =)
U think a player ever been on the court like Damn I gotta take a shit?
I just left. Heading to work. Life.
OMG OMG OMG
yup...I'm a boring #21 year old.
please follow me you guys are so talented and I love your videos!
#artpolitics the present as a space of survival that is dedramatized
Time to pull these tricks out my sleeve.. lol watch me work!
Seattle peeps: Kirkland area restaurant suggestions?
Thanks Kate!!!
"Day of Giving" starts at midnight tonight! Each gift will be partially matched - making your gift to RIF Pittsburgh go even further!
Good luck today to (& ) & other draftees at the 2012 WNBA Draft. Tuning in & cheering you on!
I'm in the Masters of Ed program. Student teaching at Glencoe H.S. and coaching the freshman baseball team too
hey dude what ya'll up to man? we should hang out sometime when ya'll aren't bein totally awesome rockstars and shit
Have you heard whether the athletic department is making any plans for a Selection Sunday gathering?
Sounds like great material for lyrics to a song...
I'll be there with hell's bells on. And by that I mean my bike helmet.
We have built out education systems on model of fast food-standardized. Both are depriving
Since we're on the subject, didn't Arnold wear one in Eraser that was a gift from Stallone? I may be wrong
Another dank day in Las Vegas
Keeping our voices in shape, fans have offseason too. Usf mbb game was fun, but we need some soccer!
#quote Trade time for hard work, #money, or UR dignity & UR selling out UR life purpose. Find UR passion and live it.
#iQuote "Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later." ~Og Mandino
a vulgar term for vagina
Three more #SecretService members ousted. Needs of their dicks took precedent over that of POTUS. Fitting punishment? Chastity belts.
My god, I'm melting!
Oh the people you see at Walmart..
Get at me at Mz_DamgoodDede n I will follower bck:-)
I'm trying to have a conversation.
Miami-Dade Community Relations Board hosts Youth Speak Out re Trayvon Martin Tomorrow 6-9pm @ Miami Carol City High. Call 305-375-5730.
“: Dinner with POTUS! Wow!” Showoff! Well, I got buzzed by Marine One going by my house today…
I'm going to be visiting Sioux Falls in a few weeks...looking to talk to some boutiques about attagirl...any suggestions?
To persevere, trusting in what hopes he has, is courage. The coward despairs.
The AC is on.. because the "Heat is On".. great song! don't you think ?! :) Wake up with fun on the !
What old movie deserves to be re-made?
I want to say Israel
Happy Mother's Day to all the cool mom's out there. Buy her something nice & spoil the fuck out of her if possible.
haha i will for sure :)
Half the world is composed of people who have something to say & can't, the other half has nothing to say & keeps saying it.
a bit of a warning to my fam...there wont be leftovers for tomorrow morning so u better eat wat u can or else I'M going to eat EVERYTHING :P
Happy New Year to all! What is your number one career resolution this year?
SKorean retailers halt sales of US beef
I hope his jaw is broken
Most banks are decreasing loan portfolios. We're increasing it. That's because we have one of the safest balance sheets
Beautiful patio weather today. Sandy is excited, so all glasses of non-reserve wines are only $2.50 today.
lol yea enough to get that Stuart scott eye open
Do you feel the suspense? Big meeting today & tomorrow to decide Silver Gavel Award winners. Winners announced Monday!
Have a great Sunday!!!
US urges Iran to free Bahai leaders
Well, I don't try to hide it really, I suppose. But yes, I did assume you were a minority. :)
Girls be hating too much now a days.
after a move & some renos our friends are about to open a brand new shop tomorrow in Darby Street, Newcastle. Come check it out!!
Car Detailing Services Buff Up Their Web Presence on LocalHood.ca - PR Web (press release)
Aww, thanks lady!
In the 90s here! Hot!!!
They are just going to see him work out. No ink dried yet.
Ha Ha this will be fun lets see how many do it LIKE THIS STATUS!!
Ah... Gotcha. Yeah. I was a huge Diablo II fan.
Driving home after a night a boozing is hard enough. Throw in a herd of deer crossing the road..... DUI waiting to happen.
: Okay Mr. lol so you gotta facecook?
Atlanta on wednesdayy A town I see ya !
have you ever considered writing Booty's Compendium???
has to take a break from his Daemon once in a while!
Off to school. (: Its been a while. Do you ever miss school?
The Right Side of Your Brain, Acts of Kindness, and The Power of a Story - Forbes
So my nephew read me down
RT : I'm on a brunch cruise, food by Aaron Sanchez and Douglas Rodriguez, Montecristo White cigars by Altadis USA.
hey sweetie what's wrong? *hug* your day is going to get better!! :) anything I can do to help?
xD depends what are you about to do?
Look at your emails to see when he followed you!
Yay Jersey Shore Today !! =)
The NHLI ALL IN program select 22 Fellows annually, and now it is time for them to celebrate their graduation number 25 with NHLI this...
On the Hill to help host a Congressional #cybersecurity event with #microsoft and other high-tech companies.
I was looking at motorcycles. The Triumph T-100. What model were you looking at again?
Cam newton>RG3
Nice blog! :)
Follow the Promo Cast of
Sounds interesting, depending on panel. Though based on hashtag, my first thought was that ALA12 was the fandom.
There are coming BACK! GO2 BRAS on ! Tune in Fri 6-9aET & Sat 8-10aET! and will be on the show and .com!...
The last three elections in WI prove millions of outside $$ and resources doesn't sway voters' support for and fiscal sanity!
First step towards justice for Trayvon!
mgmt is main problem, but Live! developments don't work when you have a better alternative 5 minutes away (Country Club Plaza)
Frank Robinson calls Earl Weaver best manager he ever played for.
use blankets
omg u guys look so different from icarly older omg
#QueueBarLounge tonight 9pm-5am where ladies gather b4 going to the club
Just added #JohnStarks basketball great to our Legends #fantasyfootball league..welcome aboard
probably the largest crowd I've ever performed for outdoors... and in #bogotá. doing the show again everyday for the next 3 days. qué rico!
Just seeing if anyone was paying attention!
The competition for DMOs is guidebooks, Web sites, blogs, & other info sources independent of travel industry & its marketing.
broken link
It's funny how everyone on twitter say they got the latest clothing or shoes.But see them on the street it's another story<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
If you're bored with Sodoku, may I suggest downloading MathDoku (aka KenKen)?
Today, I wore my moccasins to work and now it is snowing.
i love you guys!! TRUE STORY!!
he didn't & it's bc of how poorly we were treated there. offered to play both in Indy but IU too afraid.
Really hoping the #WestMemphis3 will finally be set free.
me nah!! I wouldn't do that :) I'm just always in a gr8 mood and positive and love to spread the LOVE!!
They don't make these cords in boot cut anymore!
Happy V day ": Happy Valentine's Day "
I was born ready!!...lol I need another new project 2work on anyway!
On Fri, I was by myself at a concert at a bar drinking Shirley Temples. THAT was awkward.
okay thanks
Floyd doesn't have the power to KO Cotto. Remember this is the same guy who got his face beat in with plaster filled gloves.
Locust point festival today! 11-7
Seriously you cut out saying "shit" in the lyrics of Payphone?
Lol man all these damn receipts. I ain't no rich niggas I stay on my two step you niggas lie. That's 100z living with to momma ain't ballin
I was too busy showing love Ian see the signs
The Kindle Fire looks intriguing. May have to seriously consider getting one.
Just finally set up my mobile for twitter.
We live in a society where pizza gets to your house before the police.
I'm being reminded why I do not like end of the day appointments.
Thanks for the great presentation and to for putting on the event this morning!
RT If You Love The Way God Made You
“: There's nothing like a warm summer night.. #LakeLife” Agree
If something happens it means goodbye to this reality! Ah
Love what jeopardy did with the "thats what she said" category.
Juss made a tweete, all new to this its kinda confusing
History beckons the Macho Man.
If you love me you will obey my commandments #mkBiblechat Also are we salt, light etc
Its cuz im a real nice person (:
And Green scores his first points for MSU. 29-24
With many families today, home care is the preferred option for their aging loved ones to a nursing home or an assisted living facility
Founders: If you could have 1 hour with anyone to pick their brain about your startup, who would it be? Reply with your answers.
Siguele con ganas! Rosetta Stone is amazing, you'll be speaking spanish in no time :)
Anyone want to play Xbox live wiff me?:}
Take it from someone who actually went to UW-Madison, Kane's antics are like a 4 compared to what guys do EVERY SINGLE NIGHT THERE.
Duke vs Carolina tonight def the best rivals in college hoops!
Thanks for the interaction though!
Half way done with Finals week... Just get me to One-Acts. :) Can't wait to work on one character at a time.
'But Oz never did give nothing to the Tin Man/That he didn't, didn't already have.'
"No special control is needed to make people into pyramid builders- if they see themselves as having no choice but to build pyramids."
And a few more: #NiceToMeetYou!
thanks for the multiple hugs and being so awesome tonight!
: may I have one? congrats for TC win!
How exciting! How are you feeling? Hubby just started building us a house. He looks good in his hard hat and work boots!
the Haven's garden has an apiary: sweet like honey!
Both my ears are clogged smfh.
Thank you So much!
Home! Much needed puppy playtime & game night :)
definitely would
It's a sad day, cma fest is over! Back to work bo :( tix go on sale july 30th for cma fest 2012!! Set for June 7-10 2012!!
Got it. Thanks!
Fab cocktails and best garlicy popcorn w/ and Holiday cheer!
super sick
assuming that's a Good thing
Those priceless moments are thee ones that matter..
Last chance to reserve a table for our wine dinner on August 1. Reservations need to be in by 2 pm today!
He's real. You should see his parents...
we would like to thank and for all their support! you two hashed like 10,000 times! :) and thanks 2 everyone else!
is "my vagina" on that list?
I miss you too!
We're always recruiting sexy divas jus dm
Good morning come try our beignets & coffee $3 free side with any sandwich today only!!!
- tell the to start wearing their white jerseys at home. They never lose in those jerseys and they look better.
Nah, he's a brotha tho...and I know #They keep readin the emails like, "He's an idiot..."
Welcome to Indiana Andrew Luck
This am, I have no one to blame but myself. And Dan Cox. I also blame Dan Cox. And his friends from Oberlin.
#wesupportmahone because,he supports us<U+2665>
the thing about watching Goodfellas' on TV is that they cut ALOT of shit out.
yeah it was good!
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 43
by how r u
it was a family friends house. Beautiful view doe
Goodburger is my movie. Not even joking it's possibly my favorite. WELCOME TO GOOD BURGER HOME OF THE GOOD BURGER CAN I TAKE YOUR ORDER?
Disneyland on Friday! I am so excited!
THANK YOU Randy Newman for your quote on my project - You are a Mensch! Ro
This conversation right now!!!>>>>
Thank you!! You're a peach!
you're very welcome.
process more useful.
Have a great day, Beat Carolina!!!
VideoAnt for annotating videos at UMN.
Thanks for the late mentions:
Orioles catcher Matt Wieters is 5-6 with 2 HRs vs Ivan Nova... Who starts for the Yankees tonight.
are others experiencing issues accessing #linkedin?
RT : FAIR AND BALANCED,WHERE'S BROWN'S SPEECH? EQUAL TIME!!!
jealous :P
i love winter but then again i dont because im sick right now and it sucks :/
RT haha! i just recieved a spam text, selling me weight loss formula :P
What kind of #video would you like? Contact Time-Keepers Productions where we will create a video getting your customers racing to you.
Sometimes in the middle of the night, I wake up and roll out of bed and wonder why I even woke up in the first place
Watching good burger with my big brother <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Eatting chocolate mousse with my mommy. :)
Flight is delayed in Halifax....trying to get back to Baltimore to see the lady dance at the B.M.A. Looking forward to it.
im gonna bring by your cinco de mayo gift.
Today's work goal: revise at least 15 pgs of copyright bk.
Just saw the final collection of on dying to wear the last look & all the jewelry & shoes! So fab!!!!
I just love all of you will deal
u better stay outta trouble lol
no but I'll tell you .... I love you
Difference between being disappointed by the actions of someone once close, to being utterly disgusted by their actions & ultimately them
Three day weekend! Everyone who has a paid holiday off don't take it for granted. I'm so thankful!!!
5:40 seems like a totally reasonable time to wake up on a Saturday.
"You must be a friend. I've always wanted a friend." We are all Corduroy.
haha cool!! Ya the usa os pretty awesome:)
1 dog a shih tzu and a cat named oreo
Great block
it's okay. You've got me(:
Great day for a baseball game, go Phillies!
Teach me about weight loss.
I knew Fish would give us a couple gimmies. Thanks, fish.
Watching the LA tow-truck pursuit with other bored screenwriters on Twitter.
"I can hear it." "Hear what?" "I can hear the bug."
It's upsetting when a photographer's name is detached from her/his photograph. It's like an actor- or director-less film.
can we please convene an outdoor #BloomingdaleDC racial #peace summit asap?
Go Follow for jokes+fun+advice+followers and more!! <3
girl where did you disappear to... can't find you... please apparate
what time do you get to leave 4:30?
Charlie I'd begging pissing me off
ok you will probably getting back around 10:30 is my guess and your father says hi :)
First night in the new apartment. I love it here so much.
Does any one have suggestions for an EA for google tablet vs.iPad
Happy St. Patrick's Day From All of Us at MAU!
Thanks Felicia... I'm still amazed at how long it is all taking.. On Great Side, the Brace on my arm came off yesterday :-)
I hate it when that happens!
If I was a casual fan of the NBA and I met Mike D'antoni. It would take him the length of a NBA game for him to convince me he was a coach.
Do people still use those things?
I believe all the hard dancing we just did during Pilar's class, brought on this glorious rain!
what's up
haha u dirty dirty diehard! how's your quest for tickets going?
will twitter overtake google as search engine of choice in the future?
Because those who weren't abused do not want to OPEN their eyes to the afflictions and torture of those of us who were.
think matthew weiner is from MD
Setting up Summer Tour Dates!!! Any Requests?
Just took nap in car in lunch break- omg needed that. #amazing could use more lol
GUESS-THE-INGREDIENT! 1st person to answer correctly wins 25 bonus karma pts. 1 guess per hint.
Bro Where You Get Yo HeadPhones From In Yo Pic.!
I feel sorry for the lady that falls in love with ike taylor Expecting him to catch her. Smh
#BritneyIsAPerfectMother you can tell she loves her boys more than anything else in the world. #HappyMothersDay <U+2665>
It is going to be 70 degrees today in San Francisco! What is your favorite activity to do on an unexpected sunny day?
Life is and always be precious
I celebrate his birthday everyday.
I TOOK YOUR HEART RIGHT OUTCHA CHEST !!! BIAAAAATCHH ;)
is in MSN until Saturday morning. Let the fun begin.
Ran into George Clooney at Warner Brothers yesterday. He is as nice as he seems.
Thanks John!
We have one more space open for Valentines Day, just for that person who forgot - and yes there is always one person who forgets !!!
Ah!...a much needed spa pedi before hitting the town!
God Bless Conley...let's go!!!!
Lost 15 bucks at the Casino..
Yeah still play it too :p
Going out for some barking.
I grew up knowing every #ACC bball coach by name. This year, had trouble answering half. Sad days for a once dominant conference.
GDC all week. Ping me if you want to meet up - . Yeah!!!!
About to sound off #jhudc hear the wind
Tell you what: let's live this year as if Daylight Fucked-Up Time doesn't exist. If we all do it, it will work, right?
#Honestly My Moms Bf Is One Sorry Ass Bitch .
: someone put a *banana* in the touch tanks??
Will be the September feature on our new site www.DCAfterWork.com I'm excited! ADC will be reviewed and promoted!
Seeing Mac & Cheese on the TT just makes me hungry! Maybe that's what I'll have for dinner tonight... what are you guys having?!
Letter from Wofford >>>>>
brilliant statement professor!
Ohmygosh, did you guys see me in and 's #CoolMorning2?
They told me I cant put my weed on the strip when I reedup with sess, so I put a body on the strip and reedup with death.
Thanks so much for the FF! xoxo
Indians and Blue Jays starting to tire me out. Exciting but I didn't expect it to go quite this long.
lol, u bringing breakfast, I shouldn't have to cook in that case, lol
And the sign.
“: The awkward moment when you try to step on another stair when your already at the top/bottom”
It's bizarre that at the CEO level, one would lie about their academic degree.
You're there?
Excited about a story I'm working on.
im not wrong
Lol who is beefing with? Why would anybody try her ? She's too trill!
yeah, not many hits though so I tried craigs list and found a real winner. Lots of potential with the high employment rate
Mine was Go Away:)
no it doesn't, think biblically men have always been this way. Y'all are the ones who have changed & expected something new
the browns 4th, 22nd or both?!?!?!?
Good friends of mine raise monkeys in FL. They have 25!
Saving up for a show cat. :3
*ATTENTION* #turntup objects may seem closer than they appear TURN-UP-O-VISON wavy
Bad day for Raul Castro: Cuban exiles all over Havana; Cuban exiles all over Santiago; Cuban exiles offshore shooting fire works! #ñoooo!
I need a Freeroll man! Haha need some $ on my account. Whether its NBA or NFL playoffs!
While I was out buying dog food for Bonny, she helped herself to the last slice of pizza. Naughty dog!
broccoli and cheese soup and um the national championship too!! I saw your tum tum was upset that's the worst! sorry momma
I miss everyone so much! College isnt the same without you all
David Guetta has the coolest robots I've ever seen. And I've seen someCOOL robots..
In need of inspiration for the dance I'm supposed to come up with
wya wit it
surely, that was ironic. Hate to believe that much ignorance exists.
Hiking in the mountains is one of the most amazing experiences.
Hiking with no phone. Just call me Bear Grillz.
what r u doing for NYE? :)
What is the best Teriyaki place near Pioneer Square???
oh yeah...more than enough to do.
Keep cool and be respectful! Have fun and dont be dumb! Show love and be love!
“: People who own dogs tend to be more outgoing and are more likely to carry conversations with others.”
I have such a love for animals. I really wish I could be with them more often.
les go I have 6 bucks in cash and 19 bucks in my card. I'm down
¤ New knowledge is the most valuable commodity on earth. The more truth we have to work with the richer we become. Kurt Vonnegut
Spirit airlines: what a waste. Not #winning. I learned my lesson...plan further in advance to avoid you.
Anyone know a good DBA looking for contract or full-time work in LA? MySQL Cluster and/or Django experience preferred. Thanks!
"ELE, Everybody Love Everybody" - Jackie Moon
Great examples.
Like the remix
this again??!!
Someone is impersonating me and sending libel and slander tweets - please verify my (this) account. Award Nom. Actor Anna Easteden
We should all adopt the Native American way and try to make our lives beautiful
RT : :: attempting fusion :: branli, I'm really proficient in confusion if you need any help.
Leaving on a jet plane with Can't wait for home sweet cold!
h that actually made me laugh for a while lol
In honor of Good Friday, making 's hot cross buns tomorrow.... They promise to be amazing.
Trapped at Lebanese Taverna.
Got a lot on my plate and I just can't eat it all! I need to sort through a lot of things!#Life Which way should I go? <U+2B06><U+2B07><U+2B05><U+2199><U+2198><U+2196><U+2197><U+27A1><U+27A1><U+2B06><U+2B07><U+2197><U+2199>
"Someone's panties are in the hallway." - quote of the MONTH by
Body aching, cough going... It's looking like a short night for me
these GOP candidates are cracking jokes about the death of another human being.
she is the best mommy in the world right!!!!!!
just because you announce you stealing shit doesn't make it less criminal
when boys talk stupid I let it go in one ear n out the other <U+E412>
only to find that He was not there, and an angel greeted these visitors, telling them "Why do you seek the living amongst the dead?
haha i have ZERO musical talent. i can barely sing in tune. i said that cause i'm flying through Ohare and i wanted to see GLJ!
that's a beautiful thing bro great teachers r needed man. I can recall all mine.
Awesome “Games of Blades” shirt available this Thursday July 21st by !
my BACKGROUND is YELLOW... because I want to catch MY FOLLOWERS ATTENTION.... lol
Did not think of this: RT : conversation should be about women who have to breast feed "older" kids b/c they don't have $ 4 food
is supposed to debut but get the fuck outta here I've lived that life and know how ur family works...good luck and grow up
Your kindness means the world.
Saying you love a person every 30mins doesnt mean you are truly in love..action is always better than speech. #just saying
Glad I missed that bullet. BTW: What olive oil do you use?
dude lets boulder some time!! you name it, I'll be there!
Happy Mothers Day to your mom! She is really blessed to have sons like you rob and chris!
The same national tendency to follow a hobby horse to catastrophe. Think Francesco Schettino.
Hi Jeannie, Yes a good week...still absorbing what we learned. I so enjoyed spending time with you! Amy
Cant wait to go to pilates class tomorrow with the girls :)
lmfaooo broke bitch
Yep I see that.. I hate when ppl post fake pics. no offense -.-
Make me wanna release a song when i get outta class today
Dear Lord it's ok
do you know who is hosting?
im smoke my weed and drink my liquor
Did you see TNT's shot of Mark Cuban dropping an F-bomb?
As a man thinketh in his heart so is he. ~ James Allen
The heart that loves is always young.
Gotta give it up to and Christy Chisholm for a wonderfully written review of boro gallery.
Double Daves has really good pizza crust.
Me too <3
hows your flow lookin boss? lets see!!
jealous.. Take me with you pleasee :)
Thank you for the nice tweet. Something to think about as we build our prayer-app (see here please: www.birdofprayer.org)
#YouAintNoGoodIf you LIE about everything
Happy Birthday to Jon Decious of The Devious Angels! Stop by their facebook page and wish him a happy birthday!
Hello! You're welcome! Thanks for following too! I'll be sure to check it out!
It's Tuesday again.
Saturday night...we all can't wait to see what your drinking on instagram
So exhausted and have so much left to do before Thursday morning. I'm at my wits end.
": depending on my mood, I may work in the pantry today." Word. Bring it!
hey! How's Boston treating you?!
Can't wait for the game on Friday.......hope to see some of my old friends there....
Wow! What a game !
Old people waiting for metro door to open: I think youre too close. It won't open if you stand too close. See you steped back and it opened
peas in your corn, eat tacos with meat!
The possibility that no one wants to confront is that #GeorgeZimmerman feared his own reflection in the face of
Thanks to for hosting us this morning, and for randomly playing Fleetwood Mac's "Tusk" by way of outro!
glad you had fun, and got to come home to more beautiful weather!
How to pick the perfect Mascara: 1. Decide what you're going for-extra curl to more volume?
if only I were landing before closing time tonight!
had such a fantabulous day. went to an audition for my girls then Washington.square park followed by Barnes n nobles:-) now laundry
We smell a special showcase.
Nice work! Your 5 steps may end up on a bulletin board in the Coldwell Banker #McLean work room!
LMAO Chick crazy
That song is a classic! Timeless one you kick back to with a special one
Massage/mani/pedi, new workout gear, books or mags you don't normally buy or even scented candles & bubble bath can be a treat!
If I took you home, you'd be a home run.
I wonder if the things that remind me of you, remind you of me.
Happy Birthday!
We are wrapped! Thanks to everyone who lent a hand, or 2 or 3.
This guy just furiously called the Joe Craft Center and ranted that he doesn't like watching UK playing in their "skivvies" for 3 minutes.
oh well would you look at that.... it seems i've run out of clothes. guess it'd better get downstairs and do laundry
yes, please. Looking forward to that.
Hosted lunch & roundtable discussion w/ Lieutenant Governor Gavin Newsom & San Diego Mayor Jerry Sanders today.
It's Friday!!! Come hang out tonight!!! Tables/Bottles/Reservations for this weekend? Just hit us up on twitter!!! <3
RT I am starving. fruity pebbles or cinnamon chex? How bout some eggs & some fresh fruit.
I lurve this idea. It'll be huge. Bigger than MEATBALLS.
Missed the train. Not humping yet.
landing strip
Being overweight is now the norm
yes sir Rhymes!!!!!!
Heading over to for what it sure to be a memorable evening.
Busy day
So S&P downgrades the US, and Treasury yields go down. This should indicate something about S&P's credibility.
barley follows anyone which would make it mean so much more if he followed me(:
local #Philly sports fans - please follow , a new blog/twitter/FB page effort by two of my darling 7th graders
We'll see, I'm not promising anything though <3
Not sure, I'm going 2 have 2 watch my schedule, I've got a couple of new products that I'm going to be launching in the Fall
you better have gotten something for that...
Why did you even have to post that? You shouldn't have had to. This is why I want to punish librarians sometimes.
I'm in Vegas, at Sephora. Buying up Tokidoki fragrances and other cute things. Don't judge.
#hearthealer is a real sad movie.
RT : So the debate team beat Yale today? So much I could say, but I'll just say job well done fellas & coach Ilya Davis
is it bad i already teared up when i read some of the lyrics that people have tweeted? NO REGRETS(:
I know I just met you and this is crazy, but here's my number call me maybee
Fitz has a good shot at being a top 2 WR in fantasy this year
We at Center for Justice and Social Compassion work on ID issues so homeless people can get medical services. Best to you!
Wat Kind Of Snake Justin? huh!?
My dog has takin over my bed move lily! Lol
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless My creativity
No...actually you have my last name. ;) My dad's family is from Kansas & Wisconsin area. I'll direct message you w/my email.
playing in the froyo place!
about to spend two hours in a movie theater :O
Don't get on my bad side .
Should be set!
Sequin "shakedown" on "Dancing with the Stars". See who's "Kaputz" and who's advancing in their Capezios to the finals. Watch CBS19
Robert Ward from Arizona discovers two small meteorites in California, U.S.
You must gotta pay $10?
I'm dumb enough, young enough, tough enough not to think twice :)
Double Double is my drink....lol
im waiting on you
haha I knew it! :)
yes I made it safe and sound!!
#cars LCPS custodian also restores classic cars
Wednesday August 24, 8PM Karel Ruzicka Jr. Quartet is playing at Moldy Fig Jazz Club (178 Stanton Street L.E.S., NYC)
Rehearsing with Symphony Crack...tomorrow its going down in Colombia, South Carolina!
Totally in the mood to go salsa dancing tonight. It's been too long!
r we heading to a 2nd ot Jeff?
I got one of those last xmas. It was a very efficient purchase.
"At the commandment of the LORD they rested in the tents, and at the commandment of the LORD they journeyed."~Numbers 9:23
There can be ONLY ONE!!
Raise the Jolly Roger!!!
Guys soccer is the best!!!:)
Supporters of two schools in danger of closing come out to fight for their schools. at 10&11.
Not that it definitely had to do w/ head trauma, but that's where your mind goes when you hear an ex-NFLer killed himself.
The saves being made are insane right now
Anyone remember the movie teaching mrs tingle? Omg I used to love that movie
I dug your exhibit but I need to dance yo! U spinnin at LE Bain
Tired who's DTC down to cuddle
just wanted to throw that in the right stuff in there. I know it has nothing to do with milli.
Thank you for following! Happy #WW :)
What's your favorite movie to watch with your kids?
So...it's just empty calories and male curiosity, eh.
Red Lobster for lunch wifffff my Memaw <U+2764>
Whoever think they words affect me is too stupid. And if you could do it better than me, then you do it.
i seriously hope that Lil Jon is NOT at edc he fucking butchers every potentially good song
KG: 18 points, 6 boards, 2 blocks already?! Insane.
A long soak in the tub sounds amazing to me.
#HappyBirthdayBuster trending in the U.S. - Nice job !
Oh, sweet black kitten, why do you hate the printer so much? It's not possessed, you know. And what did my lab worksheets ever do to you?
These girls putting in a relationship and 2 seconds later single every 4 days is so annoying like im about a click away to delete you.
Homemade dough & sauce, 100% mozzarella cheese, locally bought toppings...We put lots of love into everything we serve: Our Difference....
Dear : The Wire concluded more than four years ago. It was a very good TV show. Please stop writing about it.
Things I like: kareoke , PBR, Xmas lights, NASCAR cut-outs, Ukrainian men, and hanging out with Mr. Bellisano. Hello Thurs night hot spot.
I'm sure someone has said something but I think you clicked a virus :/
my phones dead I'm using my friends ):
We have at least one sheep in labor, possibly three.
yes!! It's the highlight of the weekend!
Launching a New 21 Day Fat Loss Boot Camp soon! Get fit before the Holidays so that You Can really enjoy them!
Wouldn't be a festival in Oklahoma without some weather. Stay tuned we will keep you updated!
retirement Bob? He is still a spring Chook!!!! :))))
You can't expect me to be fine...I can't expect you to care
is peaking on Passover.
i'm good how about yourself?
I would love to help out and I think reviewing a local beer of yours and mine would be a neat spin :)
Wonderful to see you all today.
Hi, Stan!
She doesn't bother to read my twitter.
Susan Stockdale will be reading and signing her books at Edgartown Books, 44 Main St in Edgartown (Martha's Vineyard) on 7/13 from 4-6pm!
Dont give me hope and fail me. Just let me be in my sober state of mind.
Giants break the 3-all tied with a touchdown! NYG up 10-3 over GB.
It's a classic
you got a big butt? :O
Real tired of waiting on you.
I'm waiting for a Public Anouncement from pres. Obama wishing all Mothers And Fathers a Happy Mothers Day !:)
Going to get my trail time in early today!!! Operation "Get Fit and Get Fine" is in full effect!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Are you doing the sports tonight? I hope so!
I've been too caught up doing my own thing lately... going to go check out Johnny V, George Porter, and Luther Dickinson at the Maple Leaf!
We were born to be ready for the weekend!
fuck me then. Like a give a shit. There are bigger fish to fry than perpetuating more race bullshit
thanks for the #FF!!
Oh happy days!
that bloody bar looks heavenly-where did you find that?
Meet Mike Curtis today at St Michael's Auto Show in Maryland.
I be on here mo if I had da followers
follow back bro. #BIGFAN !
feeling crummy - got a cold - low probability of work tomorrow.
Can't wait till 's 1999 tape!
Sorry, that is Bruce Kiesel from Thomson Reuters!
A few showers and storms developing over ern. IA will move into SW Wisconsin over next few hours. No severe expected attm.
Be kind to the environment & your lungs, request low VOC paint for your home
Guess what I got on my Exam last week I got an A+
OMG I laughed my ass off watching the sneaking around Kevin Spacey's house/cat attack scene in Horrible Bosses I almost died LOLing
I hate stuff that taste extra fresh, if that makes sense, lol
Cheerleaders are like transformers....
Penelope Ann Miller (The Artist) hits the carpet looking oh so dazzling
Beth says thanks Susan. Merry Christmas to you and Tim!
morning! How are you?
What a waste of time
I need to tan.
Seriously, why do people pronounce it "Wesconsin"?
like the comment if your tuned in!
Lol asking Siri how she feels about Steve jobs passing away !
I can get the suburban, u just need workers
Q+A for Bogost raises idea of philosophical concepts as "play objects."
If it don't COME to me i'ma GO get it
Thank you! RT : Portland is the Best City in the World!!! with businesses like &
Thanks!!! Excited doesn't even begin to cover it. Holy crap. ^__^
- hi! How r u. Been off for a minute. Been trying to take care of my parents. Miss u twitfam/JANfam/MJfam!
I think that BITCH racist, prolly in the clan.
I talk about celebrities like I know them... Lol
Holy hell. Just...ugh.
why is there bamboo at the masters? Phil is out of the tournament
RT FILL IN THE BLANK: Austin is my inspiration, because he tought me how to live out my dream :)
It's my perogative >>>
RT : So it's national peanut butter day AND national pancake day? I know what we're doing for dinner tonight!
#demf how many times will utter the word juggalo today? If he were in Detroit right now, would he say it more? No doubt.
Drew: is this a good match up for OV?
we are blessed; family and friends. Materialism can take a flying leap over the Pasadena bridge.
"sigh"? DON'T DO THAT. Condescend much?
Turning the Voyeur Cam off... see you at 3pm PST!
Sounds like you are going to have a fun night of celebrating!
RT Calculation of the day: Every minute of the Afghanistan #war under the Obama admin's budget for next year, costs $182,911.70
The weekend is just around the corner, what big plans do you have coming up?
HubSpot's Blog Analytics also provide valuable insights about what content her prospects find most interesting and compelling
Four years later, I think I have finally mastered the art of eating at an AYCE Indian buffet: Just eat one plate man!
"That's it! It's done! Rob Portman is THE VP candidate. He passes the only GOP qualification!
Congrats! Sounds like an interesting job. We'll need to chat once we're both installed in our new positions: some real overlaps.
#pmasetest. How big is each cohort? Do we have smaller groups to work with within the cohort?
is she a believer in Christ?!
Power is now out in Crystal City.
gonna give her one of my signed posters. I'll be seeing Cody at least 4 more times this year, so ill get it signed then.
gnsfinfspifnadighiopdvng this is new to meh.
so intense!!!!!
We've made it up to Bridgeport...our trunk is getting full! This thrifting excursion was long overdue.
that's heavy. What time do you get off mañana??
Love that moment when you look in the mirror and have a huge pen mark on your face #whydidn'tanyonetellme
On this 9/11 anniversary, are your thoughts of patriotism? reflection? sadness? pride? something else? Whatever they may be, never forget!
It's a double-up xmas movie season this year: Craig: TINTIN/TATTOO. Pegg: TINTIN/MI. Spielberg: TINTIN/HORSE. Cumberbatch: HORSE/TINKER.
I'm good. Weather is finally nice. Sitting on a patio drinking a beer.
If you could ignite fire with rain, we would all be in BIG trouble #nightmare city
There's some great academic research showing a single retweet reaches 10,000 regardless of how many followers the sender has.
lol that's that classic E.C sound. I almost didn't add nothing it was almost done lol
If she feel used she gone dismiss you
Where's brostey? RT : We hope everyone is feeling good this morning after those 3 Goose Island Tap Invasion's last night. Whew!
Blue Belt! Movin' on up.
Can you tell me why states who win race to top funds waste it on writing new standards? This does nothing to help students.
Tip 3: Listening to a person can give you great insight into what kind of person they are.
that's a tough one. Never thought of it that way.
hey what's going man
LOONEY TUNES BANANAS
i play fair
“The only discipline that lasts is self-discipline.” ~ Bum Phillips
Making it happen
Congrats on 10 great years. I wish I could have been there to celebrate last night. Here's to many more years...
can't wait for our new neighbors to open! We have been telling everyone about you! #bestneighborhoodintown!
Ack! The expression u use when u realize u picked up someone else's dogs' poop and narrowly missed urs by centimeters
Invest more, spend less RT Dennis McDermott of JPMorganChase says _INVEST MORE in early ed means you SPEND LESS in special ed_
Bottles (and other drink paraphernalia) for holiday giving Tenuta I Collazzi Toscana IGT 2007. "Super Tuscan" might sound like a vino sup
I think they should. Most of the times people don't know they are learning but it should be the museums' goal
I'm in Los Angeles in school and prolly this summer!
Taking a copy of Naturally Thin on my trip to New Orleans - pretty sure I'm going to need it!
true everywhere I go I see people have an iPhone even I have one
Our 200th tweet is a thank you to all our followers and anyone who reads our site! Can't wait to grow even more w all of you!
#shoutout to the "Starrs x South West" #sxsw show sponsors & our hosts &
"Ward, I have a confidential mission that I can entrust to none but you," Mr. Lincoln said.
gabby fr fr . Im soo serious right now .
When something is so vast it's hard to find focus.
Considering writing a proposal for #hewebSYR. Maybe. Possibly. Someone hold me to this.
thanks, Mike!
#SAYSOMETHING is going to be amazing cause Austin's singing it..he makes everything amazing hehe.<3:)
Going in for #1k1hr. It's that or stick my head in the coffee pot and take my chances.
I knew the time would come when you would stop doing ustreams and you would stop tweeting weird things...):
Shout out to my new followers <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+263A>
of course! :)
another lazy sunday......wish my old buddies were here and hang out...lol
Specyphi will be on the Radio Tomorrow morning with 96 Rock tune in about 8:25 am ..Call in and request Specyphi...513-834-4095
Just jumped on the bandwagon. I'm in love. Thanks for introducing us, ! Such an awesome talent!
Its almost killing time I better get sharp ...
I remember meeting a little tike, you've changed a lot. Good to hear you hung on to the autograph. Right on.
11th inning base's loaded 2 outs 2 strikes Ramos with the game winning hit!!
no but I should.
're going to do an ustream today? :)
The fear of #Fridaythe13th is called friggatriskaidekaphobia...say that 5 times fast!
Thanks so much ;)
LOLL true. I can't stand Kk either -.-
The one act went like, perfectly.
Have a great Cinco peeps! Xo
bieber fever(:
#Go Dodgers
Watching Charlie's Angels 2 on TV :)
Keeping and his family in my prayers
Very cool streak RT : Re: the Hurricanes' NFL TD streak: We were all ready to highlight #150 on , but couldn't.
Order Online Now! Only 2 days left to receive 20% off your entire online order!
SMOKING IS NOT COOL ANYMORE LIKE IN THE 80s , EVERYBODY SHOULD QUIT...
feel like my heart is pieces
Reassess initial decision to offshore/onshore if environment has changed dramatically in global commerce.
At a talk on motivation w/ & other peeps.
so true, whoever took that pic clearly is an amateur photographer
thanks for the shout out. glad you dig the posters.
“: I wish R.I.P. meant "return if possible.” #RIPAngel <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Lame, but got some in. #plankaday. 5 sec.
Need #DairyFree #glutenfree microwaveable rice cereal for mom. Any recommendations?
you're so ugh :/
2mro the greatest match-ups will happen! if says so it gotta b tru!
Start without who?
In case anyone's wondering, yes, my teeth still hurt.
#fourwordsyoudontwanttohear you ARE the father!
beautiful day on Mass Ave! TGIF!
But if you're a male homosexual, do you. Just don't come at me with some gay shit.
Haven't had a good dream in a while
your deff not funny looking. lmao. Your cute :)
You are the best. Will you pass it on to wwpr folks for me?
you're welcome :)
...or work. Baffled by people that don't have true friends.
Cool/annoying when searching online for info then clicking on top results leads to stuff I posted...
is that a fish fillet ugh that sounds nasty srry tho
oo now I feel slow lolz
Suggestion – Sixth, Do a very quick activity that involves them in some kind of physical movement. It makes connection with the audience.
im obsessed with the whole album lol especially drummer boy haha
Social leapfrogs search as top online ad choice
The easiest thing to be in the world is you. The most difficult thing to be is what other people want you to be.
not good I'd rather be a prisoner in Alcatraz.
will you be at the Florida Film Fest in Orlando next month?
Sprite, good. You mind if I have some of your tasty beverage to wash this down?
Senior health fair set for Clay County
Thanks Bro - we're having a great time. You'd love this band. I'll send you a record (cd). Happy Globetrotting! Hope 2 see u soon
Kinda what I meant. Or it wouldn't be metonymy...I.e., high-flying fuckheads are like, hello SFO!
its a lil cold today
Playing in Summit, MS tonight Chapel United Methodist Church' 2093 Chapel Drive Summit, MS 39666
Creative and PR teams wrap up a successful shoot in Manila. Off to Italy!
It is not what we have in life, but who we become and what we GIVE, that gives true meaning in our lives.
Don't forget to follow to get the latest & greatest info about our June 13-15 Annual Conference! #AUC2012!
did yogurt cup work to get her down?
Tues tip: Lighten up your key ring...weight can wear out the tumblers in the ignition & lead to ignition switch failure (Via )
Great lineup of rooftop films!
lol you need to hook me up then jdawg!
I appreciate my mom!!!!
": Working out everyday, eating way less. #cantwaittilicansayimskinny" a Me too... summer(:
Saying thanks to great people like you sometimes does not do justice for the gratitude we have for ya!
Springbreak t-minus 6 days and counting....
oh nah at Urban Outfitters
We can do music videos for you too! Starting at $500 all the way up to $1 mill!
Homework time, finally! :)
I told my mom if she let me stay home I'd help her clean. Guess who has been sleeping.
15 hours and 15 minutes until #Nanowrimo I am starting to panic.
I know. I kinda wanted to go
Drinking Dreadnaught at Three Floyds Brewery in Munster, IN. Armed with 15 bottles of Marble beer and other good stuff for Dark Lord Day.
Insanity: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results
awesome you where watching the game :) now pretty please upload the video please <3
Tethering with my win7 phone fuck you At&t!:-)
y is #NickMarasAss trending ???!!!???
If sex is a pain in the ass, then you're doing it wrong...
Not all of them yet! :D
Checking out QuickenOnline. Uses the YUI library and has a user experience surpassing that of any desktop financial app.
This #jeopardy blows!
I would like! I want to go to your talk but instead I'll be fretting over gov shutdowns and traveling to nyc. Good luck!
super sexual. Me likey. ;)
yo! You nailed that on the head. Can't stand the guy. Just fight bro. I wanna see him fight u, Andre, Bute or froch!
#BestOfBothWorlds....i thought of Hannah Montana...hehe
Up early fina go get my dl should have been done it
Thank you
looking for an artist to help with the #NotTrashHouston recycle vehicle for the upcoming pride parade
Happy Mom's Day to all the Moms out there but most importantly to my Mom!!!
yes indeed! And all with no fuss!! I am blessed with some talented dudes :)
Can't wait till next year when PCAT gets a distribution check from
yo, that is #dope what's in the package and where is it headed?
Sroka, John Sroka, it's a damn pleasure to meet you.
The first verse of Kirko Bangz "Drank In My Cup" is the definition of #Treated. It's gotta hurt to have another dude talk that greezy to you
Seems the Tribe and I were crossing paths yesterday seeing as I was just IN Minneapolis haha
don't normally listen to the radio but forgot my ipod today and discovered the 2oclock break on behind the breaks, I'm in love!
My application to become a #TillmanMilitaryScholar has been sent downrange. Thank you for your consideration. //
The Goby was wreaking havoc on the local eco-system. The only good thing scientists could say was that it ate a lot of zebra mussels.
still writing my essay. lol, whats #sleep?
ha ha my brotha! Good job as always!!
- Yoshi was a dinosaur not a lizard! geeeeeze #comeon :)
sent info to your UTD account.
You've seen the Avengers 4 times?
ATTENTION!!!!! MY 21ST BIRTHDAY DINNER IS TOMORROW AT CASA OLE @ 5PM ! COME CELEBRATE WITH ME!!!!!!
haha, and no one questions you when they can't even spell what you just made up that you had ; p
I should yeah. Actually might have some other people coming out in May though. Have any dates in mind?
Go outside [no clasrm] with your stds, tell them that millions of youth around the world are crying for classrooms!
Show was success .
Pro-tip:Do not assume, as I did last year, that mentioning your beloved on Twitter will be a sufficient Valentimes gift.
Tip for the new Dirty Dancing movie: Cast a non-stunning lead actress. That's why the 1st was so successful. And why Havana Nights wasn't.
GOAL! We're tied at 8-8!
im about to jam out to sleep... Goodnight
U can't B watching... Kobe is killin more than the flu! RT : Couldn't resist... #fakersflu #Nobe :)
ugh I keep almost putting gabbylovesjb808 but how do I change my bio shit?
Well, at least you were writing book reviews at 12. I mean, how cool is that?
That was likely to set up a slider.
Great news folks, our opening date has been moved up to April 19th Hip, hip hooray!
Thanks for listening! Tune in again at 9pm when we'll re-air Jaime's "Face the Music Tour" show! www.nkairplayradio.com
Hop rhizomes will ship llast week of March or 1st wweek of April. Thanks again for ordering!
We're super excited for the gin meet up - and our handle is :)
lots of work to do before tour...
travelled overseas a bunch. What's up?
Can't wait for #MarkMorrisDanceGroup L'Allegro tonight! Read about it in 20 years ago...
i hate the world and it hates me back may as well just fade to black let me find some kind of peace let all the pain cease. have a nice life
I imagine a lot bloquiaron half moody account but I'm OK I have a little cold but I'm fine and you are telling me :)
I do what you won’t today, so I can do what you can’t tomorrow
You're welcome! RT : #FollowFriday Thanks for the RTs and mentions!
"All I Need Is A Foot In The Door, Dammit Give Me A Toe"!
#ThingsThatILike Partying!!! Oh yeah!!!
"The biggest room in the world, is the room for improvement."
When will he ever realize that I'm the one for him?
Thanks for the Follow Friday mention! I hope you're having a wonderful Tuesday!
Hate to add to all the posts, but I really am excited to see The Hunger Games tonight! ;D
Staying at the Hyatt. It's about half a mile from the Renaissance. And I don't think so on C&W. At most, they have next year's
Hello ! Thanks for helping keep NumbersAlive!
you're awesome. Saw you...looked beautiful. :)
I love going to school downtown. It has the best weather compared to other schools in SF.
tearin it up at the chinese buffet lol.
Me 3. My fractional Mohawk is not a rez pass. I respect by not appropriating.
National Signing Day today... Time for something new and exciting! Go Bruins!
Do you know anyone at any venues to get Shamarr into Memphis? They will be busy w/ a week in Brazil & 3 weeks in Central Asia.
What a weird and windy Wednesday it's been! (read: Saturday).
Looks like I'll be posting one of Sunday's poems for #openlinknight . Once I do that I may think of something to write. ;-)
mizz independent I c
thanks 4 following
nigga is rolling balls!
Haha..those are only for ME! ;-)
Cannot wait to check out the newly renovated, Howard theater.
Not only is that particular video my favorite thing to ever come out of the Star Trek universe, it's some motherfucking Space Shiiiit.
$12,990 left to meet our year-end goal TODAY! Thank you so much for supporting us.
There is immense Power in praying simply, "Thank You, Jesus." ~ Jesus Calling
TY : Love and hugs
Day 3: starting in St. Louis, MO and hoping to get to Oklahoma City today. But not before stopping to see the arch first...
i love giving them.
I know a lot of people that quit #fb and joined #Instagram this acquisition brings them back to the (new) big blue.
RT You can't have a relationship without any fights, but you can make your relationship worth the fight.!!
78 degrees in Chicago I am starting to like climate change!!
some bashed wives another blamed philbin hate to Crabtree
Thanks! is the Pastry Chef & is amazing! :)
Frank Ocean
Alright, voting like a crazy person next week for !
I'm gonna miss the KILLA VILLA BABES
Driving down the 105 through scenic Oregon listening to singer/songwriter music from the 70s. Peaceful state of mind.
Count me in, I'll see you after work! Thanks again for all your help this morning!
Lots of yellow cards so far (3). So I added a new question to #SportingExplore: will there be a red card?
that shit was so funny
Appreciate the loved ones in your life.
thank you snooks for not tweeting ur fans to follow so and so and retweet and blahblahblah like all the other celebs I <3 you!
rape conception? really? damnn son thats harsh
Crisis adverted. Next time, can I recommend a shoe?
People who don't know you personally are cheering for you too! Loved "getting to know" you on DWTS!
you can lie, and you can have friends, but don't fucking lie to your friends.
was the only one killing it tonight at hiphop :).
;) that'll do
RT If Mitt Romney holds a 2% lead with women, either the poll is flawed, or they only polled Rushbabes. // or his grandmothers
Whoa.. is endorsing Pepsi? Lol does this mean I havta start drinking that now
#Salute !! RT : Everyone show love to my bro and retweet my last tweet.
So fucking annoyed.
Your invoice is in the mail.
so u wud stay with someone with bad sex n order out lol ok
Gotta love seeing #TV #ads for computer products which disclaim that it excludes Macs. Yet almost every computer shown in the ad is a
Impressed the #1940census enumerator got spelling of Uithuizen, Groningen, Netherlands right as 1935 residence for a family in Los Angeles!
...My first 'query' hit after installing GoogleWebmasterTools-- #8 spot in a search 4 'butt lint'-- Ooh, I feel like a prof. blogger now =D
Dinner w/ Next stop DBA w/ 1/2 & all of
Good game....good game
Ryan Suter seen getting fitted for Red Wings sweater come July 1st. Parise is next.
Thanks to all of you for coming to Beer && Code last night!
I hope all is well with you too! And I will always support lexi :) hopefully I see you guys soon!
Mention this tweet and get 15% OFF all Parts & Accessories through the end of December!
you rock Brian!
BALLIN BALLIN I BE GETTING MONEY.....follow big Bruh
excellent! hope you had a blast
is true. I am sorry to say. on way and in late tonight. you're with Herbie I take it. see you soon!
I'm following 911 people kinda weird...
RT Lindsay2Oh #boston have you taken the climate action pledge? Did you even know about it?
nice! You'll have to tell me what you think. I've hear of some guys liking them, but I'm not so sure yet...
Those who are asking, yes Yung Rizzo is now in the Philippines, upcoming tour dates will be up soon.
Gosh I love Harry Potter weekends on ABC Family so much.
no. Boyfriend is #4 and Turn To You is
Hosting the Blanco II party. Get here early.. Live on the mic and Let's get the party started..
Five hour nap and I'm not complaining... Until tonight at least.
is happy to no longer be trapped in the Holiday Gift Buying #MADNESS!
YMCMB double M we rich forever
A TRUE friend is like a seatbelt, you may not always need them, but they will be there just in case.
RT : Sarah Palin said, "Polls are for strippers." Cute. Guess what Grandma? Birth control pills are for teenagers.
I have been there! I remember it.
i have a few friends who go to the CrossFit gym in Clarendon across from MrDays. They love it.
Liars.....I hate them...I just want to be told the truth for once......
The Big 10 championship game is amazing. What an inaugural game.
My mom "the last movie I saw with your dad was..." My brother in law "Charlie Chaplin?"
thank you! And back to you:)
Oh, yeah thats true. Im class of 2016 -__-
Love hanging out with my mom. She listens to everything i have to say and is always on my side.
I love Fridays!
Against The Law?
#harrison smith packers
if u've got 5 apples in one hand & 6 oranges in the other what do u have?
Can't our scrubs keep their poise?
Blueberry Bliss Luna Bar has got to be my favorite one
"Love makes the time pass. Time makes love pass." It is not just a romantic love story. It could be in family, hobby, and buddy
" : New placements of our songs on MTV,ABC,CMT!!!"
I Am!
Ohh need to talk to you
Scuba Steve! Damn you
Love life! #ThankYouLord!
A nerd rock concert at #EC? How could we not have heard of this event until now?
The First Lady (a new gospel musicial) written by Lawrence Floyd. Starring Taimak "Bruce Leroy" from the cult classic film, The Last Dragon.
#FootballThoughts crap I just tripped on the kickoff...i hope nobody saw that...
To place an order send email to with "NX Order" in the subject line. Include the items you want to purchase
I love when people assume I know what I'm doing and I make up not real terms and they nod and say "yepp"
will call?
some nigga my mans know ?
It's strange not having poetry responses to grade this morning.
that was exactly wut i was thinking... after i finished freaking out
RT : ABC, Fox, SpikeTV, NBC, & the Big Screen are the music credits I share with #FF him &
Cause messing with hoes you get stuck. Ironic after sex that's right when you get fucked.
Last day of the month. Why did the name April catch on and not October? Maybe it was in a movie or something. ~ jesse
So proud to be a UK fan. Such a talented group of young men. They deserve this and congrats to Cal. Amazing coach. Finally trophy is back!
nice, maybe we could get some live footage when we come out there with you.
L O L
I AM HAVEING A GOOD DAY I GOT 45 CLIENTS ALREADY AND IT ONLY 12:33AM OMG
Omg !! Tell me more ?? You drunk lol
I'm thinking you might want someone to job shadow you this summer, say the weekend of July 1-3??
For now, an Ellie's Brown Ale, some pistachios, some rest, some research and then back on the road!
I don't understand why the #Bruins physicality has disappeared. Last night, they were out-hit and out-worked by the usually timid Canadiens.
Happy Halloween! Stay safe tonight! We'll see you tomorrow. *cough* ;-)
Or maybe we just start our own tiny desk concerts here! :)
Agreed. Pretty much the best of both worlds!
A special ed gurl at school was trynna fight me haha
So thankful. Jesus paid a debt He didn't even owe just for me and you. Now that's big stuff. Happy Easter! <3
will do, we need to hang out! :)
Hey guys! It's Taylor (Jey's sister) :) What's up?
We have a duty to encourage one another. Many a time a word of praise or thanks or appreciation or cheer has kept a man on his feet. Blessed
Big sunglasses solve some problems.
Good Morning! It's Derby week! What is everybody wearing?
_!_~!. G1 BLOWING UP CLUB MATRIX ON SATURDAY...SEE THE PICTURES --> WWW.G1PARTY.COM
great local #leesburg author with new book coming out in november to follow:
Agreed. There are R. Grants, Blounts always undrafted. Take a chance on young, hungry, UDFAs - not has-beens...
Super excited for sister time with tonight!! Xo :)
is hiring an event planning intern. Thought you might be interested!
(: great minds think a like!
In my new interview with John Wood, he critiques low-residency MFAs, praises #JulianAssange, and refutes history.
To err is human, but when the eraser wears out ahead of the pencil, you're overdoing it. -- J. Jenkins
haha that's awesome. I got some beautiful pictures of your man Harry Styles for you ;)
Politically, I think that we need to do away with political parties and focus upon people who are best for the job. Divisiveness must go.
could you send a copy of the assignment? I would be very interested to see it.
Thanks for the RT!!
i watched to
thanks.... 100 is on my radar, but need to experience the 50 first and see how that goes. Baby trail steps I guess...
You lucky bastard.
Haircut and then play practice!!/:
i need to get off this emotional ish ughh
We've put our community outreach program in San Diego on hold as we figure out next steps. Stay tuned to for news & updates!
How did we go from "I love you" to not being able to look at one another?
Only took one listen but I quite enjoy the new Best Coast record. Some definite depth and maturity there.
so far my weekend is awesome
I love you babyy! (:
Ugh I miss my bed already
The better part of valor is discretion. ~ William Shakespeare
changing my old ways in new ways 1 day at a time.
Just saw a great performance of Ragtime by a local theatre group in Hudson NY.
thank you! It's like 50 shades of stalker.
This quantitative is so embarrassing.
Looked at old party photos intesting thing i look like a whore in all of them
i keep refreshing the page just waiting to see that little envelope ......Follow me!
Well yeh!! always and forever RT: Thank you SGTC for being there for me. You are my beautiful elites and I'm so proud of you ...
Man sues BMW for 20-month erection after bike ride. Lawsuit is for emotional distress and mental anguish. Hm
:) Looking forward to it, thanks girl! See ya tomorrow
“Any change, even a change for the better, is always accompanied by drawbacks and discomforts.”~Arnold Bennett
just in time for Draft workouts and apparently you're just up the street!
Want a fancy ceramic coffee mug? Stop by the office - we have one for you!
Do you know where I can find some backgrounds? Dying to find one!
My sister is a freak. Please. Walk around like a pregnant gorilla one more time.
BREAKING NEWS: Mayweather Breaks Hand in Sparring; Fight with Cotto Postponed Indefinitely!
Hi Check with about student involvement and implementation with Project Share.
so much homework, so little desire to do any of it.
I hate that crap.
"Oh you're dating my ex-boyfriend? That's cool. I'm eating a sandwich. Would you like those leftovers too?" I adore you
Listening to Michael Jackson.... actually Im not listening to any music right now I just wanted to post something hahaha
I wish I could end my contract daily
no question! life is full of good intentions, no? :)
So true! RT : #Sales tip of the day: Life is hard by the yard, but a cinch by the inch!
Way to single track the red line on marathon day That took careful planning.
Maybe a grassroots party plan is in order?
Microsoft Works
Don't mind me for the rest of the week..I'll just be crying for the rest of the time in in high school<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
prolly Saturday lol new schedule comes out then
Thank you! Would love your input tonight if you can join us!
Interesting, would love to hear more about what you've found. Grab beers soon.
what's up!
Well, that's kinda how I'm doin' it! The company would be nice and warm, though! :-)
I just finished a 4.12 mi run with a pace of 10'22"/mi and a time of 42:43 with Nike+ GPS.
Adam called his wife's nature Eve, because her impersonalization of evil was the keynote of all living^.
I have a blackberry torch and got a 2 in 1 how do I switch to the other theme?
Using to clean up my address book. Hope it works!
Attention DC Wardrobe & Loc Stylists, #RGIII is officially a Washingtonian and he needs your assistance. BAD!
pretend that said at
It will be my parental triumph as I am learning along w/them! RT : How important is it to teach your kids Spanish?
I think that's right these damn ot rules are fucked up
Beechmont and no trivia
i dont know yet. gonna call Drew and Pef tomr bout noon. sould be a good time
Yesterday I told my sister I'm disowning her
Krav Maga, a potent fighting training, is meant to keep one fit by emphasizing on the natural reactions of the body
I just finished a run of working 12hour days for 25 day straight. Time to do something special for myself. What should I do?
I can't wait till school next year. Atleast I won't be at trap hill .
What is you biggest "tattoo peeve"?
Headed to the broken spoke, for some more authentic country.
ABX is open daily for breakfast, lunch and dinner starting at 9 a.m.!
I hate waiting at the doctors!
It's a very nice day in Austin, hope you all can get out and enjoy it!
Cause yea bitch I am single cause now I am single
I was going throught 's tweets there mostly to haha
what s the good news?
RT I go so far as to think you own the universe.
why u think I'm try to do
RT : "James Howard Kunstler dissects suburbia" - check out his ClusterF*ckNation blog - it's awesome!
Also, most scl comp work I've seen doesn't speak directly to such big debates--mainly focuses narrowly on data w/o much theory
I know, it was a joke that the SI reporter tweeted, at least I think it was, he played pretty awesome considering pressure and drops
keep this in your stallis files "Jerry curl sighting at Ballys this morning #stallisfacts #stallisgymfacts" -()
Sick of these M&M bitches. Yeah, they might look different but inside they all the same.
Boston can't wait for the new show!! Keep spinning and creating songs.Love what you do! #BostonSwag #BostonOnTheRun #FollowBack??
Terrible line out leads to USA turnover
Thank you very much for the suggestion! It's a good one. Anyone else?
Oh, fun! Go E! Hope everyone has a wonderful time!
IT DONT LOOK GOOD LAKERS FANS!!!!!
“: “: PUNKD tonight on Watch me get mr fitz, peeta, and vhud !” ” Ah I can't wait!!!
No one @ work but me finds guy claiming 2 be 1/2 orangutan & screaming @ cops to take him to the 'fusion center' for his monkey blood, funny
thank jesus we are home!! that was a long car ride.
Woohoo! Its a sighting of the little tokyo bike ballerina guy!
I love working out and women, but i am a #nerd at heart. cant wait for some
RIP #GT51 - thoughts and prayers are with you, your family and the Gopher football family.
I'm focusing on the dirty martini to clear my head before I go back to hang myself... oops I mean more boards
Yup! Can't wait until #TheLakeShow steal game one!
Thanks; looks like a great read for my games class this fall.
checked out my daughter's grades yesterday and I'm a proud poppa. she has been holding steady with a 3.0 gpa the whole year.
Still following 13 people Will today be the day you will make me the 14th person you follow?
“: Don't end up in a roadside ditch, Pittsburgh.” Hah yes. Literally chuckled out loud.
Softball later
But she was no angel so we never waited
I didn't know he was on the soundtrack of #ThinkLikeaMan. He sounds good though. How is the baby?
Jesus knows I didn't want to go to school. Good lookin out. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
How is it only Tuesday?
Volatility will get crushed this Friday, with 4th of July weekend coming soon. Sell call and put options, collect theta.
WORLD PREMIER The Kid Bre album Rookie Of The Year 3-17-12 available for free download on Thekidbre.com, datpiff.com. 2012 begins
Listening to WMYB, missed Zayn's solo, restarted WMYB.
oh, right! twitter!
Set your goals higher than your dreams, have no limits
LOLOL PhiPhi you were actually the ONLY non-winner in the finale... ouchie! She'd cry so hard her snaggle tooth would show.
I FEEL LIKE making a BIG OLE pot of greens with some cornbread on the side... And for the sake of being EXTRA blk kool aid as my drink
been trying forever it seems to reach someone so I can buy a gift certificate ! Please email me :(
Where is my invite for FL???
Damn that's fucked up you tell yo parent?
So are than and then. Don't get me started. RT : Fact: worse and worst are two different words. You know, like dumber and dumbest.
i love this song,she is really good <3 and beautiful :))
agh everyone stop talking about #SherlockPBS! while we're at it, don't talk about the Avengers, either.
Just watched the story about the #AngerRoom on #Nightline and LOVED the woman who created it. Too funny and super-clever!
" I love Restaurant Week Columbus "
back from track:)
Again!? Are you hooked now? I'd join, but I'm taking my mom out for dumplings, then I have a meeting after.
loved it!
What! What! RT : U gotta follow and
you couldn't have put it any better - thank you!
Oh baby baby it's a wild world, it's hard to get by just upon a smile
RT: "Yes, I sometimes fail, but at least I'm willing to experiment." - Bono
#EverdayIThinkAbout Being Blessed To Be Alive Each & Everyday , <3 :)
Im so bored iwent to target ystrday and spent 60 bucks!!! XP gonna go listin to my new cd now<3
That's what I'm thinking. Its from 7-10 so I'll just get there at 9 or so. Lol!
. Ask all Dem Questions !
I hope JCP is paying her a stupid amount of money because Ellen DeGeneres is awful in those commercials
did you just diss yourself ? wait lol
you went to City Tavern? I'm jealous--didn't get to it, and I love that place.
Im doing good and yeah I am, I want winter to come.
Thank you, Michele Bachmann, for drawing the media's attention away from Sarah Palin.
Lakers vs Hornets tonight! 3 in a row?
“: Well, it's "Fat Tuesday." But for a lot of America that just means "Tuesday." Zing!
you dont stat until 6 now, stay up!
A huge thanks to & Johann De Nysschen for sponsoring 2011 Challenge. Looking forward to a beautiful day and a great ride.
I need to smoke a fuking blunt!
I watch ur show and im so proud of you both. you guys are so pretty and respectful to yourselves. god bless always
Incorrect #IntorvertsOnSocial RT : Everyone on Twitter is an extrovert.
Is that you, or the consumption talking?
Sounds like there probably isn't a license installed; any type is required for pause cues.
EVERBODY HUGE FURNITURE SALE IS STILL GOING ON !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Nice one handed grab by Dan Majerle! Get than man a glove!
Back home in ATL!
how about a follow?
and if so, misapplication or bad application isn't a reason to not have those laws. Keep it tight and simple.
Damn that nap >>
Nipple marks.. hahahah:)
Hey T, thanks for the interview. Let me know when I can come back.
I really wanted to stay asleep today, wtf
I rediscovered my love of Golden Grahams tonight.
Come hang with Calvin Evans. #comedyshowcase at the Linger Martini Bar
I pick both! Hehe RT : Indy or Pacers, who u got?
boat noodle hits the spot! I'll try the jade noodles next time.
i saw a status on facebook a few hours after i asked. haha
Conflict resolution learnings at Kellogg school of Management
what isnt ethnic? Mashed potatoes.
Is there a hashtag for the GBCAN conference? Maybe #gbcan ?
Wikipedia now supports 283 languages & was the first to start the trend of providing multilingual content through its contributors.
We'll also have bottles of SmartWater Zero for our sassy swappers compliments of Kim
Just did my first blog post on blog. So much fun. It was Truth or Dare. I did Truth.... (1/2)
Pizza is seriously the best invention ever.
Ur love is my drug <3
We hope you guys like our t-shirts as much as we do! Keep supporting us, we appreciate it!
follow and please :D x86
my joy. Ty!
Sitting back waiting
": Aye S/O To My Bestfriend For Bringing Me Home, I Love You Brother <3"love you too sister I got you
I can't believe i studied 3 DAYS NON-STOP and still got this grade, I am not taking this I want a freakin' recount or something
u should have asked for patron lol
And this makes 30 officially signed for #Timbers: TIMBERS ACQUIRE FORWARD SEBASTIÁN RINCÓN on loan for the 2012 MLS season.
Today couldnt have ended any better(:
how has being a coach changed your thoughts about managing some day?
When does an open tab finally shift into the I'm-never-going-to-read-this-article-and-I-should-just-close-it-and-move-on-with-my-life realm?
i don't either but she is very lucky and if she hurts him she will be attacked by 21+million Beliebers!! LOL
hat channel
Wishing our readers a Happy #Passover from Jerusalem!
lol you're funnier than your brothers
I think you nailed it. I need something about being open to negativity.
Just Googled myself. It's interesting that my LinkedIn+portfolio site come up earlier in search than my Twitter, even tho I post there less
FYI - special election for Leesburg Town Council on Tuesday 4/17. Grab one of our fine local papers and read up the candidates & vote!
Bulls looking good
Feel like being totally inspired? This movie might change your life... Watch "FORKS OVER KNIVES" right now
Name 10 children…that you know…that would be great in their own "Black" television show?…(first names or nicknames only please).…….
Bentutensil is now varifying plans to play an outdoor show in battleground august 21. please come check out details on facebook and myspace.
Thanks Harold for RTing!
Recession hits home. Looking for freelance and/or something more. Need Flash design/programming? Website design? Gig posters? DM me!
Seriously. Rush hour is a major shock for me now.
I'm indestructible.
Sounds great! Where?
2 weeks from today im no longer a teenager....damn
Can you please follow me or tweet me it would mean the world to me im not having a very good day and it would make me happy.
Just change it. ;)
I get the games in digital (HD) format, but they're 1.5-4 GB in size...
A business like an automobile, has to be driven, in order to get results. B. C. Forbes
rally for tax justice begins in ~1/2 hour, stay tuned for pics, video
Welcome back Phonathon callers and a special shout out to our new callers! Start the year off right and make a gift to the RISD community!
QT : keeping it cool in the kitchen. Get a brown bag dinner for the crockpot Building PotPie with sis
no you are! Xp
there the best lol. ": the shows my mom watches on lifetime <<<< .."
This summer me and my wife to be better reconnect lol...
Think ima get somebody to do my nails tonite!
My baby just texted me =)
please tell me you are going to tweet that picture?
Please tell all your wealthy art collector friends to come to Hager-Smith Design in Raleigh and purchase one or two or three paintings.
But... I don't think you're aware of how much I love you.
Lookin' good Bob. RT : What's wrong with this tweet?
I've never seen a corona used in that manner before
But yes, we *must* get together & catch up. I'm flexible, we can work around yr schedule. Any days off?
omg i luh u.
Bellydancing tonight! First time dancing with zills!
*grand theft auto anonymous group* Hi Ben
I had my daughter when I was 40. I had a healthy pregnancy & have a wonderful child. -Diane Reiss,Biopsychology, on kids & science.
In ISS bored as fuck -_- This is the dumbest shit ever and I got three days of it. Cooll
Singer Etta James was released Thursday from the hospital - James is battling the final stages of terminal leukemia, as well as dementia
Volunteer freelance work or DnD planning...volunteer freelance work or DnD planning...decisions, decisions.
New York is live tonight (:
Love hearing that!!
I have to find quality help soon
Some people take social networking to serious. HEY LOSERS "You are NOT famous!" Why not #FollowBack!
picking out cute outfits for photos is probably one of my favorite things to do.
No wifi?!?!?! You need to get that shit checked out!
me too looked at moving there but 2 expensive
follow back(: Id be grateful!
customer service dept should actually read refund request instead of trying to ignore it on a trumped up technicality
legge may or may not be in a ride. Jake query tweeted legge would take ROP Thursday but he didn't give an engine.
cool! Festival of Nations in my Lex In The City seg today on Fox, great event...for cultural crafts too :)
High Noon for John Eddie. You should be here too!!
All right tweeps...its #FF follow friday. So be sure to show the love to and Happy Friday!
But anyway...
I bet College Park subscribes. Take advantage!
Hey #pens fans. I want to go to the practice at southpoint to see the practice tomorrow. What time? Any hints for meeting any players?
You should all read my last tweet and do it! Come on!
l LOVE IT <3
Oh cool!! That's soo much fun, is there a place we can see current entries?
And we're off! is now getting started talking about Ruby on Rails.
My day started out really well and than it just went downhill...
Time for a hot tub and glass of red wine?
lol I think that's what meth is for
I wondered the same. Think everyone commenting are the folks rooting against the Cards.
So do you just spam that in hopes someone will realize that you didn't actually give them klout and give you +K anyways?
Try to get some writing done b4 school starts. As a procrastinator I have found Freedom helpful: macfreedom.com
Hammy is a beaasssssttttt
What was she thinking !?
Percy came to at today...most of the rest of the #Vikings seem checked out.
The Devil Inside looks so lame... I'd rather watch Beetlejuice tonight!
I'm a fan of blue monk and coles. great bars. Was at Jack Astors last night with Nugget infused with nugget hops from the brewery
oh yea that is memorial day weekend! I'm with my boo that weekend: Beyonce!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
That means we beat you guys! haha. Did you play that game?
I hate everyone who lives Florida right now
slept the whole day
Awe Okay well yup That's What's Being Sold & Of Course My House...
Doc said Claritin for 2 yr olds... a little Delsym... and STILL not working :( He wakes up every night at 12:30 coughing.
It is strange and sad to accomplish something significant and not have parents to rejoice with you.
Attending a Ready2Model event on Thursday! It's a different kind of gig...details to come. Have a Wonderful Monday All ;)
Sound checking at 12th & Porter. Make sure to come out to our last show in Nashville for a spell!
My itunes account doing numbers lol
Ty!: Thanks and for setting a standard of board excellence. You and Tim Grant inspired me today!”
(step two in a little bit =)
your welcome very happy you enjoy our vodkas. Have a great day.
one of the only people having a busy president's day: doris kearns goodwin
Manville vs. Brotown: Battle of the Lunch Tables
Knowledge, as a form of power, is dangerous and always destructive in the possession of the foolish and unjust!
Agreed. And I'm gonna add some "W"s: EWWWWWWWW!!!!!
oh dear. Ok. Keep me posted?
me(: you should go.
": I love to death!!!!! #mybabe ALWAYS there. #realnigga" real recognize real
Im starting a May Day annual motorcycle run twitter account. Please RT this into everyone you know. We would like to get the word out.
Forgetting the avocado on my GF sandwich is not a nice surprise deli people. I feel incomplete.
Get it RT Don't be a fuck. Go follow Death of an Era on instagram for all the hottest pics ;) username: DeathofanEra
Stirred up? What an "intelligent" answer. LOL. That's gotta be freaky! And I'm so with you with the whole bottled water thing
Hey I'm the Newest Baller on Twitter! Follow me!:)
Is it bad that I keep some people's phone numbers in my cell just so I know not to answer when they call.
Long time, no tweets! ;) How's Fall 2011 treating you?
let's do something tonight ladies and gent. No way I'm staying home bored tonight.
haha I still have that magazine.. I can't read the article though cause its in Spanish haa
Not you.. The bed... But ok, not sure how big you've gotten lol,
I just did that one on my own around the bay here. I want to sign up for a real one with bibs and chips and everything soon.
Morning Ms.Kimble! Another day of hair,but that is why we love our craft! Because we could not imagine doing anything else!
tHiS MoMent <3 *.*
it was amazing! I didn't find any ghosts, but the energy was spellbinding. I took a bunch of pics on instagram :D
#fridayreads from another local publisher "Weighing In" by Julie Guthman pub by
Just keep it close to halftime, we can regroup and execute new game plan in 2nd half.
I hate when I'm laying on the floor and trying to move my legs out my cats way when he just walks the direction I'm moving in. Bastard!
I find television very educational. Every time someone turns it on, I go in the other room and read a book. ~ Groucho Marx
My 11 yr old prayed that kids who don't know Christ, & think it's cool, find Him..."cause you can't be cool without Christ." Amen, Noah.
bahahaha... Yeaaahhhh, clearly I should have told the story FIRST then said what happened.. oh well
day 3 of my isagenixs diet. Hit me up in 9 days for a beer.
consist of unlocking a door that isn't locked
We appreciate all your support! Please take a moment to "like" WowSouthFlorida on Facebook. Have a great day! :-)
Who is
Hey glad u like all my runs, u run too?
work work work
Digital artifacts can help explain a concept easily- lesson plans not necessarily best tool for educators
the usual, isn't it?
Good morning all you sexy people!!!
GUESS whose going to Manhattan College right next to CMSV where we can be bffs :)
GM Tweoples we back @ it!
Aight ima send them Gmail .gotta clean em a Lil bit more
You are perfect in every way. (:
That's awesome! What's your favorite thing to use it on?
you are amazing! You love Ed & Henry Rollins!! Best friends it is!
Having a good day and you walk into your chemistry class and your mood totally changes
Really you're all the way in Tampa and you're calling me about shit that hasn't even happened.
How did the Blazers blow that one tonight?
Death takes is the moment we relinquish control to outside forces.
Architecture arouses sentiments in man. The architect's task therefore, is to make those sentiments more precise.
I smell like chlorine and lotion. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
So for Android users,, how often does the android os get updates? when was the last update:? haaai
#15peopleilove Chelsea Love.
We were in Mexicali more than 10 years ago,and it was Amazing ! Incredible audiences,looking so much forward 2b there again, can't wait !
omg that sounds so yummy!
ahhhhhhhhj I wanna see him!!!
I stand corrected, but barring the improbability of Denver losing 3 in a row the Suns control their own destiny.
100th Anniversary of the Titanic. People gone, but never forgotten.
Morning #cuppa: River Place Rose green #tea by - romantic rose petals & jasmine nestled in
I have found that among its other benefits, giving liberates the soul of the giver ~ Maya Angelou RT
Thank you for the follow back as well!
reminds me to stay strong <3
After a fatty meal , the gym sounds like a good idea . let's do it !
Gamel is one hell of a hitter! It's going to be fun watching him this season.
Melvin Ingram, DE/OLB, S. Carolina. Jags gotta start somewhere, dude can get to the QB, something Jags struggle to do.
I miss lucy.
"thanks little mother" rofl
yes! Tell her i say hello. She was supposed to give me a ride too. Ha
I downloaded 12 of their songs yesterday...
if you follow me i'll buy you a unicorn, but you'll have to come to Chicago to pick it up cus shipping and handling is expensive.
tagged a couple pics to you on FB! ;)
How many of u can guess if the right answer Do I smoke weed? Yes or no What do u guys think
Sitting in my room listening to the rock it out playlist on my iTunes trying to be happy :)
Short skirt and a long pancake?
very good to hear, tell him to tweet more, he fell off my twitter radar.
still up working on my pitches
#ColdChills “: #41- damn this a great song ”
more than expecting.
To all the women on twitter Happy Intl Woman's Day!
I am by my self
I swear, I will never forget how he broke my heart. But I promise he will never forget how I found someone to fix it.
Girls who act dumb on purpose <<<<
#Scandal #ABC congrats, love this show, you ladies ROCK!!!
you can also email directly - let us know your site and we can take a look at the support login issue. Thanks!
I think we have to understand, and he has to understand, how it happens and continue to apply
Your importing options are really easy to use (and pretty fast too). Nicely done. Now on to copy.
Second lunch meeting over. And by "lunch meeting" I mean "meeting scheduled during lunch," not a meeting providing lunch.
If it's too late for that, then don't let them trick you into putting your pants back on. Go big or go home.
what's up man how is the acting?
Girls local vball results: Midlo over Monacan, JRHS/Clover Hill, Matoaca/Pr Grge, Steward/St. Margaret's, St. Catherine/St. Gertrude
When will this team make the leap past medicority
#AskAlexConstancio did you just read this tweet?
in just a few more day's plz
Of course, I don't tell them I usually SPEND more on dolls than I make. *whistle*
well my name shouldn't have been in UR anything!!! U don't kno me!!!
putting off thinking about/realizing the 'G'-word, ;) Good luck with everything, Rob
i get so pissed off when someone calls me when i'm sleeping
Summer means nothing to me. Just heat strokes, and a lot more work
you guys have to win… like it must happen…. :)
So a couple of geeks at work stood over my desk and talked about who I should be more afraid of. I'll say again:
A low "carb" diet: Good for us, and good for the planet.
Thanks for sharing your metrics process and admitting how much work it is!
acceptable substitute.
I can never depend on people god damn
Don't judge me unless you know me. Don't underestimate me unless you've challenged me. Don't talk about me unless you've talked to me.
Listening now #hurly gurdy man by the iconic
I will come and hang this Saturday!
Kids Cooking Videos These kids cooking videos are a great way to teach kids (and adults) how to cook. Use these videos to make fun recipe
Bro do you know much about Dubai?
Faith is the vision of the heart; it sees God in the dark as well as in the day.
Ugh...moving. My next three weeks cannot move quickly enough.
Meow, the nationally famous 39-pound cat, has died of pulmonary failure in a Santa Fe animal shelter. Last Thursday, he had begun wheezing.
Im so glad i found out about Austin and I because a Mahomie. Im so much happier now!
ya'llz better get better. i dont want that ish all up in ma face u feel.... im kidding baby, i love you and get better<3
or at least until you pee...
Love is on my list of things to do
In Motley, at Lexi's game...
like when you see super feminine shoes at Nordstrom excited????
it sure is
“: When my youth leader comes up to me and says "Your new boy is cute, I seen him on Facebook with you!" >>>>>”
LOVE UR VIDS! especially Justin's curretn voice Kiss and TELL
Fear feeds the devil but faith feeds God
Wish i was in NYC right now for the tree lighting
Everyone, go follow ! She will follow back!
Hi baby I miss you iam still in Atlanta waitin on you to get out miss you baby
what is it?(:
that is quite possibly the most offensive thing i've ever seen. my determination to hate you is renewed.
es & shes like hurry up & find it bcause myh dad gave it to her when they started dating &stuff #valuablestuff :(
Everyone can have a unique message of their own of course. ^^ Though when you guys show your ideas I can't help but think "Not a bad idea.".
Hows it going? Did you see I found you on squidoo and read a few of your lenses?
Old man, look at my life, I'm a lot like you were.
#stronger on repeat tonight <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4>
I am lol it's just bruised
oh cool, thanks for sharing - ill check it out!
It is still winter time, y do i c people with shorts on this early n the mornin and its only 42 degrees. It's no where near 70 yet
it only takes one? I want to live there!
Happy Mothers Day!
Gerber Walking Dead blades make great gifts. Bought 3 Gator Pro machete as gifts, 2 if you consider I bought one for me.
Sweet. I have the #pocketwizards, no worries. I will chat @ you later. I should really think about going into
AH! That is exciting! Which locations are you thinking about?
We all love you too <3!! Be ICONic ... Right There.. Yeah Buddy!!!
Do you mean main character or lead actor? If the latter, one obvs. answer might be "Dr. Who." That's a strange case, tho.
narrative made THE SCORCHERS more exciting than first person... Time to proof it
Stop by for cupcakes and coffee in Suite 1507 of the We are celebrating our new award winning collection!
Been waiting three weeks for my ProA12's. The anticipation is like Christmas morning!
When you lie the lie get worst there's no way to Stop it! :-( it 's all my fault. So so sorry
is your BBM still down?
show is great...it started off great and I know it will end great.... :-)
RT : 3 audition cities down..1 to go! LA ARE YOU READY?!?!?!
LMAO I think the same thing. Why haven't we been back? It was all Cold War bullshit
good morning Vin! I'm good! How's your work?
!!What's up DENVER!! We can't fuckin wait to see all u wicked mother fuckers at the Gothic on Sunday!! It's gonna be a sick ASS show!
damn caf food got my stomach acting all funny..smh!
I try to do that in weekend-long increments each year, it seems. A great eating city.
Still into highschool girls I see. Sicko. Hey, guess my phones autocorrect is still right.
#Perry has moved on to thanking people and giving shout outs
Loved loved loved the Vatican comment....
#sacscoc NeXt Gen utility imperative=no information without application
Artists remember to visit the opportunities and resources tab on our website on a weekly basis!
I always think #ShamelessProductPlacement but secretly hope #don'tlabelme
Have to say, it's pretty sweet to have a business concept that can be run from an iPad.
heyy.. I hope you have a good day mahomie!#yee I <3 you....
Cleaning my room and putting ALL the things away. Then homework, band, and more homework.
Just as I were to officially place this week into the L column, announces .fun playing the Oasis. Woo!
What are/did you ordering?(:
Movie theaters make me sleepy!!!
A beautiful Friday in Colorado. The birds are chirping, the sun is shining & all seems right. I wish I could share my peace w/the world.
So not ready for show choir performance tomorrow!
i'm doing well as always!
Bout to go swimming
I just knocked again and someone looked out at me. I couldn't tell if it was Chris or not.
On the plane sitting next to a baby that has clearly mastered the art of non-stop crying.
s/o to this silly ass foo here from Knox Town
On the phone with :) . He's madd Cool
This movie sucks
Why is so great at the beginning of the flight and so slow at the end? And why is CAPTCHA necessary?
Cultural Heritage community needs to work on explaining value of Linked Open Data
Yes! Excited about this organization and the opportunity. Thanks!
The aggregate of weak ties can create strong impacts. => You learn from people you don't know well.
Happy Chinese New Year, especially to fellow Dragons (1976)!
“Just being awesome.” — Chris Bosh, on what he’ll be doing on the Heat’s bench tonight. via
Nearly blew a gasket watching the #Lakers last night. Up by 2 going into the 4th quarter means we usually win, not get out scored by 9.
I don't understand why girls put in so much effort to look cute at school. Who are you trying to impress?
Who are you and what have you done with John Klima? ;)
let my no my dude
OAP integration with Ultracart has stopped working over 4 days ago.This is getting embarrassing... Refund requests and all... :(
srry cause i move srry im so srry do u 4 give me
Took a half mile walk this morning in beautiful Keystone, CO. Gasp. I need oxygen. Living in MD has depleted my red blood cell supply.
thanks for the RT love!
oh hell no. I'm pulling up in school now :l
Rocco's tacos weak drinks....
WHIP CREAM WALLSTREET......Also FUN !!!!!
RT I feel lazier than the guy who drew the Japanese flag.
What a semester this has been! Between teaching, job market, and writing, I've missed my Twitter cohort. Hope everyone has felt productive.
my science teacher was like people was talking about the doomsday shit and how something was gone happen today lol damn
Maybe, but certainly not too late for a post meeting drink.
coolest 2 days of my life. Red or blue, you gotta love these boys. Pretty stand up of you, Ev. Thanks.
M... Victor from Dance Moms is perfection. :)
Why I love Mos Wanted Crew. <U+2764>
It is hard to fail, but it is worse never to have tried to succeed. Theodore Roosevelt
Patron you my nigga .
OverDrive Tutorial: Downloading E-Books is being held at the Main Library on May 19th at 12 p.m.
#Beukes, Zoo City. A reviled minority in near-future dystopian Johannesburg has familiars and magical talents. Cyberpunk meets urban fantasy
thank you, i thought it was too much at first ! lol
People can't handle the truth.
your welcome :)
“: i'm feeling sexy & free.”
she likes guys that are older than me = she likes guys who have done half of what i've done in twice the amount of time.
tired sleepy wtf
Sikk side and this Shit is history in the making fool
Hopefully my food is done in the oven soon
Hey, I hear you have something in common with Ryan Seacrest.
Hi......i m a big fan....plz tel me how cum u r so short but so hot
Hey US Muslims, SPEAK UP! If you love the US then stand up for it.
well go ask cause aunt tang wants to know and I told her I was going already
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing following what they see and become a leader on what they wanna do
I wish my love life was like an Al Green song...
okay, well now I feel stupid..
The latest Woodburn High School changes next w/Tim Riley
Worst part about seeing musicals is laying in bed in the middle of the night w/ the songs stuck in your head. "he had it coming.."
This reminds me of a quote from the movie The Big Lebowski: "The Dude: That rug really tied the room together."
Off to New York to see how much food I can sample in five days!
If you play connect-the-dots with the stains on my shirt, it reveals a picture of a grown man who needs to use a bib.
Said the exact same thing on the petition that's circulating. We deserve to know how this happened and what'll happen next.
Yeah, having to weave through throngs of tourists when I'm trying to get somewhere in a hurry sucks. A lot!
Looking for best Japanese restaurant in town? #miku across convention center #AERA12 #AERA2012 simply orgasmic
The poor will freeze/die of heat stroke if they turn off that coal fired power plant. "Green" electricity cost 900% more.
#MyWorldTourMemory when I say Justin you say bieber. Justin.. Bieber.. Justin.. Bieber. When I say one you say time, one.. Time.. One.. Time
Live with p-s on mainstream a-z. random stuff to be heard from all of us at to all of you. stop by.
only four days until strawberry season begins. yum!!!!!
Watching "The Seven Year Itch," then going to bed. <3
Damn my city needs to be on. Niggas getting racks to spit garbage.
wow jazmin you mad it seem really dumb aint that.dog there??
WE D.J.'s HAVE TO KEEP THE TORCH LIT, WE R THE HEARTBEAT OF THE HIP HOP CULTURE!!!!!
I wanna get a couples massage for me and my boo:-)
i agree with you
packing up for the NYC book launch
To the person singing loudly in the unit upstairs: shut up.
um im not black. im mixed. thanks! :)
Do u ever wake up in the middle of the night n wonder if the one person u truly love is thinking about u like ur thinking about him or her
very productive for a change, lol =) and yours?
Link popularity analysis tools-check who's linking to you and your competitors. Popular tools: SEOMoz and MajesticSEO, says
THANK U HE IS SLEEPING NOW LOTS OF TREATMENTS TODAY POOR GUY I JUST WANT HIM HOME BUT BETTER HUGS
Broke 2 of my cardinal rules for church clothes. I let my son wear shorts & I wore flip flops. In my defense, they are leather & sequined.
I was sampling. I didn't eat it all, lol
Is it wrong that I'm seriously considering making an reservation based on whether the host is involved in a #startup?
America's Got Talent former starEli Mattson is at Ivory Room tonight! 7:30pm, doors open :30pm...we still have tix left get them at th ...
RT : Did u know 13 million kids get bullied every year? Show your support for #BullyMovie and RT - movie opens tomorrow...
#oomf just txt me and thats my word i was about to txt him first !
can you PLEASE send a shout out to Chula Vista! thank u
If follow me I will die I already had a rt by him I almost died but when he follow me I will die
you're welcome ma'am
Can't sleep. Nothing good on tv.
Ah, I never went with that union shit chief! RT : u guys paint in the union?
Varitek is mushing him with a catcher's mitt while wearing a mask and full gear.. Bahhhston would take pride in that
Bass is knocking my shirt
Free promotion for followers. Hundreds can be got fast. Try it out. do you follow4follow? let's trade. :) <3 u
not the indoor soccer I play!
I love smallvllie lois and clark belong together
My mom=Wow!:P
Just back from a night hike!
lol, i wish i stayed home today
that's a piece of what we need you to deliver for us- u streaming it?
Last night was a blast at The People's Choice Awards.
Very talented group of middle school musicians from Dana performing before the meeting. Great stuff!
Have fun at the game! RT Blackhawks game tonight
Hm. Ok. I'll have to think about it, I guess. Thanks Marlow!
we're working on it, thanks for bearing with us!
I really wanna go Thrifting today.!!
Grenades were invented in China over 1,000 years ago.
I'm not looking forward to working this black friday..
I'm ahmazing! You?
to your job? Or the new one?
Watched #RedState (again) by the genius that is - Just as badass the 2nd time around.
You're welcome and have a great day too!
Your idiotic belief in The Bible doesn't preclude other's civil rights.
U kidding me Durant!!??
Bord as hell !
Eyy guys! So It would be super epic if you followed because he is super fricken amazing! I will give you a cupcake if you do!
TONIGHT: pork belly; spiced Lamb T-bones; bacon wrapped monk fish w/shrimp cream sauce; Berkshire pork chop w/ forest mushroom sauce.
What is a pocketbook? It's either a purse or a bag you dumb bitch. Pocketbook makes no fucking sense!
ok, standby please. i'll check this
lol ok im fina inbox uh
can you DM justin bieber for me please ?
yes!! Congratulations, guapa!!!
One week from today, we'll be getting ready for another amazing First Steps to Success event in Chicago. What will you be doing?...
I just bought the mac book air and not sure why I didn't have one before.
Have a great vacation! Happy early Easter, if ya celebrate!
Honestly, that's would be my biggest concern as well.
its close but dew
Thanks to for the opportunity to sit on the ECE panel during their "Classrooms to Capitol Hill" conference today!
Ha! That would be a mess. LOL!
they might not hang around the whole season, but the Mets are fun as hell to watch this year.
Happy New Year from LB Hydrobikes! We have some fun things in store for 2011!
HOLY SHIT. *finally* built a contact importer. No big deal, I've only been waiting for this for five years.
"Conceptual objects tell the story of the research." Smithsonian presentation on repository-enabled VRE at
I'm not hungry
Ancestry.com's wild card searches not working. Using an asterisk for birth place, nothing found. Anyone else experienced this? GRRRR!
I also wish you could send me 15 ibs of chocolate. To share, of course.
listening to Circa Survive. Anthony Green's voice<3
Or ignore me. That works too I guess.
- Thanks for following
yes! I'm scared to see how big he gets when he hits puberty... I have my cat to protect me :3
Hi again, TR needs 1 person from every state in the USA, earn commission just by tweeting more info
aww thanks sam! I'll miss you too <U+E418> I'll bring you back something (:
I just entered win to a XPS 13 #Ultrabook from
Ayers: "Mapping shows us where things did not happen as much as where they did happen."
I got hacked. DO NOT open any links from me. Changed my password. Damn those hackers...
Big day! #SMBFW and #USFFW alumni panel with and twitterless JSims on video in our jobs/life.
Best of show goes to ! For their Scion interactive game and site. Congratulations!! Time to celebrate!
You Beautiful , You Have Sexy Lips :) And Your Name !
Redneck sin number 1 "saying the pledge without your hand on your heart"
mwa thanks love me too! Very happy about I and in the end the results will be worth it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Housework, work, work. Turn on computer and schoolwork, work, work. Turn off computer and back to housework.
Any Portland psychologists want to explain our fascination with the 4th of july and more specifically why we enjoy things that blow up?
hey beautiful ;) hah
eyes wide shut
I'm dying right now. Oh Pell no!
Bumpin That New Miguel Song Called "Quickie"......I May Have To Remix It -Breeze DTA...
So is your face.
Yup - refs so anti-Saints! RT “: F the refs. , seriously look at that strangling of Brees.”
oh a new thing. don't wanna put a label on it just yet - I understand. I have a younger sister, you?
Do you guys have events that you need EMS support onsite?
Really not feeling the fun for today
Even if you are on the right track, you will get run over if you just sit there. - Will Rogers
RT from Iran: Unconfirmed - the military has refused orders to shoot protesters -
Da paparazzi took a photo of Whitney Houston dead in er casket and sold it to the national inquirer,,,do u still wanna be famous???
I was wondering if you could settle something for me, do you tip on takeout?
I'm going to be in Los Angeles on Mon and Tues of next week. If people are about in the late evening, it might be nice to say hello :)
Wish me luck. Details some other time.
ms. you have such a lovely voice. this is the reason y i love u so much. #tears. you r the sexiest rapppin white girl i've seen.
glad you didn't die
first lesson math? me too :/ but tomorrow i have two math, horror :( <U+2665>
Good call on Bishop's part to avoid distorting the ballot
#FF , In the military, thanks my friend...
he works at the carnival with tbone, mr. B and the crackhead pro shop worker
Want to do lunch?
#Boyfriend no.1 on iTunes! :D Proud of you
Everybody has great ideas.The successful act on them.
come Friday with us Seth
If you don't know how to properly put your condom on then come to my bed and I will show ya on my stiffy. Then insert in the exit. ;-)
Natural Health and Wellness Radio Product Profile Mar - Vitalizer & Omega Guard on www.ESHKRadio.com.
Congrats to the 28 African American boys from Oakland who received perfect scores on the 2011 STAR exam. You are our future leaders! -HG
Holy shit Cat/Man and skeleton dragons?! This game is badass.
Night TweetHearts <3 lovin' this thunder&lightning! Makes me sleep like a baby!
He said it! "A friend is nothing but a known enemy. " - Kurt Cobain
Over bleacher report and twitter. I've never actually met him in real life lol.
awesome day, better night!!!
69$ Divorce Custody,Bankruptcy,Evictions,Paternity, Divorce, Child Support (727) 474 9988 Tampa\Clearwater Call NOW..............
Style Test Drive: We Catch Scarlet (Hair) Fever! Red has definitely been the hottest hair color of 2011 —and it doesn 't look like the
can't sleep :(
This Homeless Dude On West Rd Sign Say "To Ugly To Be A Prostitute And To Pretty To Be Poor Help Me"
you guys should do sweet tuu
did you know there was a great game that was played today
Preparing to teach Chehov's short story "Enemies" tonight at San Quentin Prison.
play your best without gamesmanship and let chips fall where they may. If your #integrity doesn't impress them, nothing will.
Did you get into the series FlashForward when it was on a couple years back?
#JustRememberThat "We are what we repeatedly do. #Excellence then, is not an act, but a habit." - Aristotle
About to set up at the WH BrewFest... Come out and see me in VIP!
Today in #actualPRpitches: "***TRULY APPRECIATE IT IF YOU CAN POST ONLINE. THANKS!***" in huge red letters. The news? A movie showing in CA
Lady Antebellum & Darius Rucker are coming to rock you in Bank Of Oklahoma Center Tulsa, OK on 1-27-2012. Get your tickets now: 888-493-0004
O, that makes me wanna fap it!!
Hey whats Jim doing? Awww dang. He's getting milk from that cow like a baby calf.
I miss being 21 :(
SO MUCH TO DO.
you were my first.
I Obey! RT : The rulebook!! OBEY THE FLOAT!!
There is no place like NYC in the world. It is a great experience for a young person.
has anyone used phpBB (instead of Ning or a university CMS) for discussions in online classes? any other discussion platforms I should try?
Does Jenn tweet much anymore? Her tweet handle never populates 4 me and I don't know it completely off top of of head lol sparklez something
No one knows how I feel about you but you, But no one understands why I still go back to you after you hurt me the way you did..
The burning fire smell just hit the office with a vengeance and boy is it nauseating.
- don't worry we ladies move in the same circles
What's the difference between #sanchez and #romo... Sanchez chokes in all 4 quarters
What's a good radio station in the San Fran to San Jose corridor?
I will give away a follow to anyone who tweets me a drawing of myself hitting Hartnell in the face with a bottle of booze.
omg omg i juz saw this rite now ^.^ twizzlers DO hurt alot 0.0 no wonder he said that xD
Rangers. Let's go
thanks, I'll check it out since Directv thinks they're too good to have it
sadly even with all the tech talent in Baltimore, city govt is too ignorant to draw on it for its own good.
It's offical, SAG and AFTRA have now merged into a single union. What that means however is anyone's guess.
Q: Interview tricks? A: Do your homework on the interviewee & write a handwritten thank-you note.
Success begins with an imagination
Merry Christmas Everyone!
j got it and accepted it
Once received counterfeit bills at my book fair. The mess that caused. Nothing like a police investigation @ the local book fair
#buildathon2012 opening press conferences w/ starts in 5 min!
Always appreciated.
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid $400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid $401.
THANK YOU to all who came out last nite as we opened for OUMOU SANGARE. next gig aug 7. RSVP or DM for address... loft party limited invites
Exciting and relaxing holidays in the Lanikai Beach Hawaii
#LoveBieberBecause he is #Talented #Awesome #HAWT #Grateful #Nice #Cute and because well his
you should give all you est producers a freestyle to remix
If you're making cats in space videos...I want in!!!!
sure thing!
((squee)) Me, too! I especially love those itty bitty ketchup bottles you get when you order room service in Vegas, for example.
FACEBOOK SPECIAL~ $20 delivers ANYTHING till the 29th (Jan 2011) Computers, TV's, Furniture, Appliance Dont wait Special wont last long
Thanks! I will!
Never a bright side when you lose to the Bears
Also 3/6 omaha h/l with full kill is going daily with 2 or 3 games at Hard Rock.
But now you're sitting here telling me that you deserve better this ttttiiiiiiimmmmeeeeee this time this time.
That's great to hear! Let us know what you think about taking your learning on the go with the Android app!
seeing your face can brighten even the worst of days. thank you austin :) <3
#TheyNeed2BringBack cartoons that had value and a real hero like he man, gi joe, and thundercats.
we should all reunite soon!
Let's just say I won't need any convincing to someday oversee the launch of Dtoid Paris personally :)
The real winners in life cultivate optimism. They have the ability to manufacture their own happiness and drive. And you??
Agree - and yet that's also threatening for some of my colleagues, who are not used to transparency
WACsmash! The arts collide in a night celebrating dance, film, spoken word and other artistic work created by UCLA students...
wow! I assure you that he exaggerates. You're more than welcome to use any last year's materials if they're useful!
(I was kidding, looney tunes) ;)
Pure Classic! " Watching Alien 1979's director's cut in hd : fantastic .
So tired
All i will say for your daily tweet is....testicles..that is all. Maybe i will get a tweet back finally!
following...can you please tweet something fascinating?
#OWIF: He's able to do the worm uphill, downhill, from the car to the waterline...
You have fans everywhere. I am the biggest Greg Stiemsma fan in the Southeast USA. You rock!
Happy Mother's Day to all the mamas out there!!
Hey guys, I know we havent been doing videos for a while, but we have something coming soon! Stay Alert! :D
I just murdered dem tacos
yeshhh(: yeshhh I am (: I almost got he chiminey climbing down!:)
that moment when you want that one person to text you back and you get a text from everyone else but them.
..To Study Business. I Want To Give My Son The Best Life Possible. And If That Means Studying, Going To Work & Taking Him To Daycare..
What are your predictions for Dancing with the Stars Season 9 Week ...
shit i cant tell, i thought u retired like mase
Because #tobaccofree is the way to be!
bruins can't buy a goal.
Yes! It's intense. It leaves you totally spent but looking forward to more (after you recover! : ).
ha ha nice Sean
The golden rule in my house is- If it's funny your not in trouble, unless it cost me money:)
Congrats ! I'm sure little Wyatt is going to be cheering on the #Broncos for years to come!
Most energy drinks have around 75 mg except for 5 Hour Energy which has 207 mg despite being 1/4 the size of a Red Bull.
Of course! I'll never have to walk more than 5 blocks! & my internship is in Union Square.
That's Nice To Hear<3 And I'm Great(: Thanks For Asking<3 xx
Watching high fiedilty ... The first time in 2012
Of course! Love the Lucky Harbor books. Looking forward to meeting you at Lori Foster's event. :)
Thank you SO much for having me on your call this morning! Your support in music means the world to me!! You are the best!!!
why do females get on fb and twitter and become hard to get and sought after all of a sudden???
we all gotta think about it. Rebellions die out. Change has the possibility of being more permanent
Not pretty. Not skinny. Not perfect. Not bothered.
I think u should chaperone a date between and Emma Stone.
Im pissed BET aint on the COmcast where im at...im missing everything
I found my house :D I wanna get it so freaking bad!!!!
do players pick their intro song when they come to plate or does somebody else? All of the lights was sick.
Wow! isn't going to give away its #NIT Champ spot easily. 2 pt game and only 46 seconds left.
double the cheese on mine fam
Fuck it, i'm sleepy..
RT : Not that I ever planned to watch America's Got Talent but the revelation Howard Stern is joining assures I never will
Thanks. Glad you enjoyed it.
Thanks for mentions
Free community wide Easter egg hunt today! Garrett hts elementary. 2800 ailsa ave. Candy, prizes, and food.
stick your hand into my back pocket light me up like a bottle rocket, i just wanna free fall for a while.
Good Friday to everyone. Must Jesus bear the cross alone and all the world go free? No there's a cross for everyone and there's a cross 4 me
nice, go Celtics!
Hopefully I can get my packages from UPS today then find an outfit and shoes at the mall!!
God is in control, thank you Jesus
Yes I'm sorry! I distracted myself! :)
Who was the greatest love of Frank Sinatra’s life?
Prom could have been better but seeing dance was worth it
We made the auditions for a small project record label.
in the basement of Reed. By the staircase near the lecture halls. Haha. Crazy.
Thanks for the follow Adam. I'm enjoying reading some of the articles in your tweets!
Ok Criss heres the thing.N im bein honest n tru so please dnt think less of me.um I hear voices n idk why.What do u think it is?
maybe maybe not maybe I want some attention from you :)
Valid point. I already secured complete outlines for my 2 hardest classes next semester. :)
There ate few things that smell as bad as a blooming Bradford Pear tree. They smell like garbage!
56% of all women carry condoms. The other 44% carry babies.
Someday I'll take a ship up the Rhine like my folks did in the 60s, drinking German white wines and visiting castles.
Ted says he is perfect. A perfect asshole and a dick
This world can make you feel small...not me not today
Getting ready for my meeting with #moversandshakers we're gonna change the world :-)
Will most assuredly miss my awesome cousins:'(
Would you, could you, follow ? Of course you can.
Happy New Year ! Looking forward to showing you around the #HolyLand in 2012!
I never figured that one out either. You make a good point!
Free promotion site url on my profile. . Please follow me! i'll follow back within 2 days :)
Monday morning coffee is the best cup all week. I bet knows what I'm sayin.
totally agree! I liked her a lot!
What up chica?? U still good for the 27th??
With Cain out, Jerry Sandusky to announce his bid for GOP nomination.
RT : I believe in the underdog, who chases dreams and breaks down walls. -The Lost Trailers
Fuck, I've been there for you when nobody else was, and this is how you fucking pay me back. Fuck you, Fuck him, Fuck everything.
José Sanchis Sinisterra, writer of ‘Ay, Carmela’ on artists and art lovers: “People like you are in the business of nurturing the world”
So uhh who is derek? And why is he creeping
Screw this dysrhythmia test. If I don't pass I don't pass and can take it again. F'ING hell
Thanks for all your poker stories sent to keep them coming!
What??! This place is crazy!
Go see JP, Chrissie (Hynde!) & the Fairground Boys if they are heading your way. Great show tonight at the Cat's Cradle in Carrboro, NC.
Thank you for ur support! AGGIEPRIDE
It's debatable lol
The fact that I haven't done a single thing in any of my classes reinforces the fact that I should have stayed home today.
Thanks for recommending us!
what's good people it's cold as all hell outside
Test in Spanish Class!?!?! WFT!!!
Walked in Jim n' Nick's... 1 hr wait to be seated.. Checked out the bar and it was empty. No wait for me.
mark is valued
Cockness (love it)
omw too church much needed
It's that time of the week again, folks! #PubQuiz starts in 30 minutes.
Thank you for a wonderful meal. The shrimp and grits were fantastic but I will be dreaming of that butterfish.
Snowden's finally releasing a new album. I can't wait!
To accomplish great things, we must dream as well as act. ;)
hooray! got to wear shorts and sandals for the first time this year today!
Gone are the bold bright highlights of summer's past! This year's runway hair colors are ranging from solid auburn to red to platinum blonde
Nah I Would LOVE To See That!
I was to hyper in orchestra today
Both of my daughters were born on the 18th!! COME ON BRONCOS!! Get us some Manning!!!
Ha I got an IPhone
Can't wait to whoop centennial's ass later.
Me and brenna talked about it, were going to hitchhike to Miami this summer to see WERE COMING AUSTIN!!!!!
No matter how bad my day is can always make it better!
Goodmorning everyone! Thanks to all of you wonderfully supportive people who told sumerian about us. You guys did beyond great!
I bet he is totally fine and I am making this trip for nothing. Doh!
Follow ! Assistant Editor of Stereophonic and Executive Assistant for Cannaphonic Records LLC. stereophonic.cannaphonic.com
the tweets lured my wife & me to this morning. Having a cup o joe waiting for the eggs! Nice crowd, lots of locals!
And the #Royals could probably use the extra revenue from naming rights more than anyone!
“: Cincinnati see y'all tonight! Crushin up some new jams. #teamGRiZ in the building!” yeah buddy
guess your ears were burning huh? Lol
study-udy-udy for my last final! what does your busy day consist of?
Would love to! I'll shoot ya an email and we'll grab a bite...
thanks for the
Ok ok...no more
That moment when your best friend wont tell you wats wrong make me think i am not a good friend u know who im talking about!
Had an awesome shoot!!
I'll go one further and say Freakazoid.
How was everyone's Christmas?
sorry babe I'm at the bucco game. :)
LA tomorrow
Not how u start but how u finish
i lost my phone today f in sucks
Follow & ReTweet This! We're aiming for 300,000 followers b4 HopeMob launches in 7 days!
NO WAY!!
116 of 200 miles in 4 hours. AUS-DLS drive on TG is like Gilligan's tour: s/b 3 hrs, but may never get home. Gilligan & Ginger are napping.
CHEER UP. Fuck.., That Kid is a BIRD if he makes you feel like this Constantly. Emphasis on the "Fuck" and "BIRD"
Eric Church's "Chief" certified gold! Congrats to Jeff Hyde and Jeremy Crady!
THEN ILL TAKE BEING DEAD OVER GRADUATION ANYDAY.
Work in the am #fml :/
Good to know! A lot of players I really like are still available. Hope they pull the trigger, and don't draft QB till tomorrow.
Wow! What were the first two? RT : Hey, I'm a Master today! It's my third graduation ceremony from NYU :)
Comida from next door smells so. Good I'm hungry
I have a BIG announcement to make very soon! Just finalizing a few details :) and no I'm not preggers ;) lol
good luck :)
Hiking and camping Little Harbor on Catalina Island this weekend for my birthday. Friday morning can't come quickly enough! Can't wait!
“: Drinkin a newcastle in bed.” that's badass!
solid....what hood?
my dog burps more than a person lol
right, now I agree
band practice today, we have 2 songs we're gonna work on that aren't on our new album, not sure if its a good thing or not ... ; )
we shouldnt say blows thats and favorite band
Operation drunken cheesecakes is in full effect!
Taking a quick trip to the RGV! Excited for Caleb and Shana's wedding tomorrow!!
Jazz Night Schedule for February 10 – Dred Scott, Baltimore Blast via
babes birthdays on sunday D: WTF am i going to get him !!!
It's still Gnome 3, but more reasonable.
I miss you :(
Thanks for shout out
lol that's messed up
Up ready to rock and roll. Who I am going to bless today?
so true so true...lol
you were a great addition.
Even though my husband wasn't DPOY, a champion still won it.
Me and just saw some chick get chased down by security in the mall for stealing hellaaa merch hahahaha
Yayy <3 hahaha. Do you know what song you are doing?
Just realized how true this is4 me...yes, I'm an Aries! lol
Our students have benefited from using iPads. In 8 weeks, our students grew 1.4 grade levels in a learning goal!!!
Great news! Can't wait to learn more about the survey results :).
Diesel. Saturday night. Whos coming with me???
I need to do something productive. GYM!
NEW VIDEO from Blues Alley CD Release Party coming soon!!
great to meet you f2f today too!! will track you down later this summer :))
Thanks for your attendance at the International Sweetherts discussion, they were truly an inspiration
you portrayed him well....
wait time is critical to using questions, allow the space for reflections about that wonderful question you asked
Fluery is rock solid right now! Go
IS IN FLORIDA?! HOLY TGRNBTRJKBNTRKLBNTRJLBNRLN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I'M FREAKIN OUT HERE! OHMYGOOOOOSHHHHHHHHHHHHH!
Give us a call now at 303-297-1510 and let your voice be heard!
Djokovic and Monaco are fucking going at it!
Comedy is very controlling - you are making people laugh
not I said the cat. I do have a copy from last year though.
A "Bootleg Movie" Aint A Real Bootleg UNLESS "U Got Somebody Walk'N Infront Of The Camera" ((I'm Over Here yellin @ The Screen)) #N*ggaMove
okay then
Just got followed by , that's how you know you've made it
We can't wait for you to come worship with us! It will be great!
love how pissed pete is that he has to eat from a box of cereal and trudy's not wearing form fitting clothes. GO TRUDY.
Forgot a chap stick today... knows the torture this puts me through...
Absolutely. Sometimes I add a side of fries, animal style as well! :)
effin awesomeness! Yessum 11 amazing years my loyal~aversary is coming up in december :)
Home. Must sleep. Dreams and reality and movies blurring together.
Jeff gordon!
I'm either going #apple or
A miracle in a 3 alarm fire: a cat found in a Vancouver apartment 13 hours after the blaze looking for his/her owner
Had a great conversation w/ while waiting for Men's Bible Study.
Only chance of snow for Upper Midwest/Great Lakes, attm, looks to be later Weds & Thurs as polar front sweeps thru area; looking light attm
Sam is Dead
i was gonna call , but I came across an Ipad instead...
hahhaha so do you and you don't know how to reply?
it's surprising. They used something from Pet Sounds last episode. You'd assume, too obvious, but no. It works.
A call for us and a "fan" who know long a match is would be nice.
The more successful / the more stressful -Jay-Z
only reason is Kuz he been in the game longer
that townhome in London and all those other properties are worth how much?? Why aren't they cutting those "xtras"?
: so true and SO annoying!
#Soccer training tonight for the U9-U13 girls + an assessment. 6-9PM
now, I listening happysad-great polish band :D what is your favourite paramore song?
Anybody have a hook up on free moving boxes somewhere?
oh ok.. I wish I didn't so much but I love my job!
#Orlandomagic showing little life except for Big Baby in blowout loss to Pacers
... Torchlight is a game?
cutting up the Finals right now for re-broadcast. Sounding awesome!
Omg... is starting to get it...
If Desmond Howard says it, it must be true. I'll be tuning in.
Meeting nana was the best thing that happened to me.
#ImHappy because #God has all the control over my life! #GloriousSurrender Let's surrender everything to #God and His will. His will be done
Take a look specifically at the agent information in foreclosures, etc. Will this help or hurt you when it comes to Buyers?
Jonathan Frid lived a long and active life as a prolific actor and story-teller. Well-done good Sir.
I know I'm not supposed to tweet and drive but don't worry. No one is moving. Thanks for a lovely rush hour DC.
YAYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!! WE ARE ALMOST AT THE FINISH LINE
Listening to Heartbeat on the way to the function. Or the after function.
that goes without saying bro and it will only get better tonight
haha but what about the lips :P
Wow, you were attacking Mitt not so long ago...
Thank you #NBA for not scheduling the #Cavs on christmas. The last thing #Cleveland needs is to be disappointed 2 days in a row.
well damn..
Ok now your just making stats up. That or the 6 hole has been no more productive than the pitching rotation.
I'm just trying twitter out. I see u on here too though! Lol
Children involved involvement in a worship service is always a good time and always a blessing.
call me!
Decided to go home early. We have no days off this month nor next month and we get out the last week of May. WHAT THE FUCK.
*www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic BEKA & the GIN HALL HUSTLERS >>
we absolutely ADORED having you. Thank you for sharing your time and AMAZING talents with !
If knowing I'm cute means I'm cocky well oh well lol
haha! Awman that's not well :/ I'm right here searchin on netflix when there's no comcast.
Juliet. It's not even close.
At last, the BIG question: "Is there measurable lead generation in #SocialMedia?" Well done, that man.
#media is boycotting #truth & unless we're using #math, then the only option left thats #universal is
Dinnertime #Twexit x
If Tenn wasn't stuck in the same conf w/ UK, do u think they would've kept us on their schedule in FB? I don't.
; go to sleep
sentence stems that are malleable- neat stuff for exploring repetition/parallels for sure- Many Eyes has a lot more tricks
thanks for the RT!
I'm about to put my meter in the street and run over it.
Co-directors Emad Burnat & Guy Davidi are both in town for their New Directors/New Films screenings of 5 BROKEN CAMERAS today and tomorrow.
? Of Day.....How many goaltendings did Tim Duncan get called for over tbe last three seasons?
yes clean roads this morning - it was nice! lots of shoveling heavy wet snow last night - had enough of winter already!
you have time to watch football during BarCamp weekend? Yeesh, sorry.
Special-strange fruit project
Join tom. Nov. 17! Radio Green Talk 11am EST to discuss CA's Edu. & Envt. Initiative (EEI) w Andrea Lewis & Bryan Ehlers www.wsmnradio.com
I am not supposed to feel like this all day............Morning/Noon & Night Sickness....yuck
Casey! With a walk..
Wow im fucked up
I need blueberry donuts right now. Someone bring them to me. Ill be the one inside my house asleep. Just leave them under my pillow. thanks
Stop being inspirational. Angry works for you “: Let it go. Your most important break is your next one.
Ahh, yup. Order 2 universe will b restored nxt wk,“ “ Avg slant pass - amaz stiff arm & speed who gets the credit ?””
Off to Walmart in my comfortable clothes. Not tryin to impress anyone today lol.
Is it time for the St-Germain yet?
fair enough. whew. i barely avoided that one...
I was caught looking at pens at work, my bad
Being normal just isn't normal...
RT : When ur feeling down just be thankful for what you got in life ..
I thought you were supposed to go home?!
Yes! NASCAR is on ESPN
yo, been busy. Bummed couldn't make ur wrkshp again. Was filming.
Tonight is ladies night. So that means $5 Three Olives drinks(try the cake its amazing!!) and $3 wines.
Cool, besides the general subject that is PC's, perhaps I can blog about something specific? Any ideas?
I want a spanish girlfriend but I used to like a lot of asian girls.
we can meet at wetzel pretzel after the game
hahaz so have i! u be Troy, I be SHARPAY!!! (; <111
And for this reason, Toyota Prius came up
I swear , if one more old ass guy stares at my ass . . . -___-
UH OH PEOPLE PLAYING FACE DOWN ON THE TL............
OMG I miss you OMG what are you doing up
DO U PREFER TEXAS OR MIAMI?
All my followers make sure y'all check me out tomorrow at the Haven lounge tomorrow
At the Hudson Valley Green Real Estate Conference
we have sold 118 Living Social Coupons! INDIANAPOLIS! LET'S BUY THEM REMAINING 582 & I'M DRAWING FREE YEAR OF BOOT CAMP! VALUED AT $900!
i want a paper doll :(
APD takes impostors very seriously. Except that time fakeCraigslistCop got a pic of himself in uniform posing in front of a real APD cop car
Don't get all the fuss about #TheDescendants...wasn't that good...at all.
I can't it was off of hers
I like your style
RT : RT : "There were more books published this week than there were in all of 1950."
What are you mixed with ?
Don't talk business all the time on social media to engage
Can you believe Jenifer hudson? So gorgeous ...
Hurray for the weekend. Time to get nice and cozy and start to unwind from the long work week.
just got into the office! Gonna rock out this thurs. You?
Cant wait to see you this Sunday in SF!
woohoo glad you guys finally made it!
Where is Urban Taco? I will be in San Antonio 12/16 - 12/27 and may be able to go there.
hahahahaha that really sucks
and Lindsay just enjoyed lunch with Mongo & Penny Stroud in Nashville!
RT : Calling yourself the President of a one-man business is kinda like saying you're the General of an invisible army.
that is just a horrible sentence.
when the sun hits the lens of the frogskins... fuck'n laser tag...
Anyway, we will now return to our usual Twitter silence.
yay ;D lol we need to chill
I hate Duke more than I want my bracket to win.
i appreciate the game of golf and its players but you know what's more exciting than watching it? a staring contest with a gnome.
.'s DC Stand Against Racism event w/ youth focus is on for 4/29. Also keep an ear out for upcoming networking event in DC!
It sucks when you know that one person will always have your heart, no matter what.
La Mia Bella Vita
I'm supposed to describe a "time I really enjoyed myself"... hmm. "Really enjoyed"? How much information do you want, perv? ;P
Please don't leave 47,000 NYC kids w/out day care and after-school. Invest in our future
"fuck ya im Gunna pee in her later"
yes it does
John Francis Dooley wipe the sleep from your eyes and embrace the light.
like two parts of a puzzle
I'm really sorry I can't take part, I just have loads to do this weekend
I hate to ask this, but do you think you could help me get more followers somehow?
Had to take a long walk just to see the sky.
Dj khalid runs me raged
I greatly enjoy cooking or baking & roasting all fun to me.
is hosting a cool discussion about content development with new #media tools at 11am join us!
#iLoveMyMomBecause she's a queen of her kingdom of boundless freedom and another 108965052 more reasons
"Imagination is the one weapon we have in the war against reality." ~Jules de Gaultier
Votto walk off grand slam. What a wacky game.
tell that girl goodluck & just embrace the beast b/c it's not changing... :) Hence why I am looking for a new #job /
If you not going to finish by 6pm (the end of the world), just say screw the chores and enjoy the rest of your day.
I didn't think Anže's shot got deflected... Guess I was wrong.
Hey, go to the improv show with Nick. If not, then take me.
Making some cookies!
Symptoms of Stage fright: •Dry mouth •Tight throat •Sweaty hands •Cold hands •Shaky hands •Nausea •Fast pulse •Shaky knees •Trembling lips.
If someone disrespects your girlfriend, why would you want anything to do with that person?!
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow, "Service to humanity is the best work of life"!
Confucious say ...man who jump off cliff, jump to conclusion!
You guys rock....can i have #ME3 now.....
I'm #writing for 3 hrs or 20 pgs. Whichever comes 2nd. See you on the other side.
Things That Need To Stop The duck face. Seriously girls, it's not attractive.
That moment when you wait for hours to enter an international contest and realize...you don't have a passport 0_o
I think the stores of the subconscious are the only places that encourage you to shoplift.
Always. RT Happy Thursday, y'all!
JK ITS THURDAY! So glad tomorrow is friday!
Re. hist.fic w/ lit figures: Ahab's Wife; Invitation to a Funeral (w/ Aphra Behn); Dabydeen's Harlot's Progress (sort of)
Wonderful news! So excited for you and Stephanie... please keep us posted!
Im back
Dissected a pig today.
Wait Ron Paul was still "in it" until today? Lol. Silly old man
I will now sit outside and watch the sunset over A mountain....
looking for the April Issue!!!
yeah i couldnt make it out :( you guys coming to the throwdown on thursday?
caring is creepy
"Forget the old program, EAT every 2 hours or so. Breakfast - Snack - Lunch - Snack - Snack - Dinner - Snack" ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
“Writing is an exploration. You start from nothing and learn as you go.” – E.L. Doctorow
"She may have given you the key & access to her heart, but she can always have the locks changed." one of those reflective days
I slide for my nigguh dawg , I slide for my nigguh
what did those teams do before he got there as the coach? I rest my case
what school did you want to go to?
hell yea
So That Box Available For A Chicken Dinner And Complementary Beer? ?
It is SO cold outside.
Per Capita => By heads
Preparing for a presentation tomorrow on Delivering the WOW effect and why theming has become an important piece of the puzzle for FEC's.
One month with my beautiful girl<3
big kiss
I thought I smelled something back there but it was just an old dried up apple. :-)
The food channel has wonderful recipes for quick and easy dishes. TUNE IN TO THESE FINE CHEFS the Neely show
You think that it is over, when did it ever begin?
Oh New Jersey, I forgot how New Jersey you are...
is leaving Texas for Michigan today...My Hawaiian luau wedding reception countdown continues...3 days left until the party in Michigan!
feels good don't it
When teachers give you work time and laptops :)
I'm up, I'm up... Dang, weird dream I had.
I can all day until 5-10:30 because I have work
The rehearsal sounds good and we're ready to go. 4pm on
#ImHopingThat i have plans with someone other than chris today -__-
I got hit in the but with a 24 pack too.-.-
We did! It's great! We will definitely be posting it on our social media. Thanks Yoni!
2611 N. Bremen St in Riverwest. hustle. we're leaving for the weekend soon.
Getting the iPhone 4S this week.
Take note RT : If I say "it’s a long story" it doesn’t mean it’s a long story...it means I just don’t want to tell you.
long run day...outside...love the short winter, then cooking up chicago pizza
Looking forward to talk today at #UIC!
It upsets me that I disappointed you.
was just on now out again....I have checked all connections and they are tight. Tech can come anytime. I will be here.
We equip hunting, fishing & outdoor industry businesses with custom apparel & promotional products. It all boils down to branding. Hit us!
I had a great time in Rome, visiting with family and friends and EATING! I didn't want to come back. I miss it too much!
THRILLED to be with Over 40 Females of Vero Beach yesterday!! Will post photos soon...what a gorgeous town and incredible women!!
lmao Taylor put that , not me !
close your legs then
sounds good, see you at 6:30. :)
Tonight! Rrazz Room! Gershwin! Can't wait!
<--- #shoutout ! Thanks for the follow I
Naw its just me
Back to scissor porn?
Iswear I can't remember anything this women have taught , only if they wasnt so boring.
it was great. Did about 8 miles today.
And that's a wrap! Exhausted. Ready for tea & bed & my interview tomorrow! Wish me luck! And I'm out...
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. -Ayn Rand
And right now, for Memorial Day Weekend, I'm running a Buy-1-Get-1-Half-Off deal. More info on website: alamocitywellness.biz
Random #FF of talented people:
Oh and about 9 people cornered mrs Stewart for a good 15 mins
Amanda got me "I'm in my IZZONE" tshirt. love it!
Going shopping :D
Customer service, two words that rarely work together! Have an awesome Friday! I'm in the office all day waiting for an important call.
If your God thinks I'm a bad person, he can tell me, not you. :)
This Saturday I will be in Orlando as a court jester fire breathing, then at The Green Iguana in Tampa for a big cat rescue charity event.
Am i forward thinking for trying to get my 3 year old to try things like greek food or indian, or am i just into self punishment??
Whoa, what's that mean? I'm unfamiliar with this.
seeking a writer with exp creating web content. prefer having exp writing for commercial real estate companies
I might as well. I'm actually having a "meeting" here now.
remember what i told you. lol
thanks, have you checked out Supernatural yet? It's a lot different, but still a vampire story... hope you like it though
RT soon im going to meet the top 5 biggest Mobb Deep fans !!! Who me?
idk but I'd steer clear of us if you don't wanna catch anything! but we all know that's impossible :)
ha! Love fairly odd parents!
thanks for following us!! :)
www.myspace.com/baddassmug3000 plz stop by the page nd show sum love nd suport the "Da Come Up" Movement! yee!!!
yep! Ping me when you plan to go!
Hahaha, no she didn't. She didn't know you had such a good comeback! (;
RIP BIGGIE SMALLS
Wade!!!! Wow what a shot !
Yup. I can access it from any computer at any time.
Tech school FTW! RT : Proud of #RIT for keeping up with the times and teaching #iOS5 and xCode 4.2 in native app dev.
I had Tudors this morning :)
Hopefully this school year will be better than last..
Not sure what Unigo is but Go Hampshire! RT #4 on list of "brainiest" colleges. huff.to/r8bsnN
Welcome Lisa
It's like the old friends & bridges adage (only intensified): If so&so was to spend eternity in hell, would you abort your salvation, too?!?
On going saga;( Thanks! Hoping for big #MothersDay sales at
again...great dress!1
heard you'll be home on the 22? What's ur plans?
China Extends Reach Into International Art - New York Times
Did you know that you are supposed to replace your toothbrush every three months? Toothbrushes make great stocking stuffers!
oh yea bra we gone turnup fareal this weekend #SmartGirlDumbBooty #SALUTETOYOU on a #hitrecord to
Good Morning<U+2600> Beautiful day, on my way to make it a productive one! #salonflow Have a bless and wonderful day<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
make sure to throw away your clothes once you get back.
Either you decide you're going to do it, or you're not. The in between doesn't get you anywhere.
have an amazing time enomis<3333333333
If had a dollar for every time I hit Undo...
you were walking way ahead of me haha. Thanks man I appreciate it! Yes we did. It was an awesome ride. Just came up a little short
No Valentine? No problem! Come to Opal for 2 for 1 drinks- we've got plenty of Valentines here for you!!!
yeah I wouldn't call myself a music snob lol I like a lot of mainstream artists, I just wish those 3 were still here
Oh come on, - you know you love /cc
I wish I could send you facially hurt bitchs on a cruise str8 to hell!!!
Thomas!He came to La Rochelle,a redhead-you must have been there when he visited!-non? We've had only our civil ceremony yet;
Glass of '07 Syrah #wine If you're at an #OscarParty, what's on your plate or in your glass?
Ohio finishes the year ranked in the top 25! What a season by the Bobcats! So proud to be a student here.
i don't wanna D: i hate talking on the phone.. i can't stand it. i'd rather talk in person. i'm so awkward on the phone lmfao.
Follow new twitter page to keep up with all the latest Fresh kics updates. This is now my personal page. New Page <<Follow & RT>>
c u later,'babe :)
There's always that one person at work that has the time to forward every damn "email joke of the day" known to man. Stop emailing & work!
- how much do you think it weighs?
for those in boston paying attention to that non-playoff game...A-Gon just destroyed one.
It's the Friday before Spring Break and despite thinking I'd phone it in, I'm being productive? (also despite the twitters)
Sometimes life is like a boxing match. Bruised, hobbling, in pain, but then u land a combination that changes the game.
Boo I can't search for anything cuz I keep running up against the "games" web filter at work. I'll send suggestions later!
It's been awhile. Let's do this.
": Gm friend:) feed my Konner good today!!!"// lol hey friend... & imma try!!
Is anyone going out tonight? I'm considering it.
So apparently no one in my office has ever heard of calling shenanigans. Am I going crazy?!?
New update to FlashCards++ (3.0.1) just released on #AppStore. Fixes bugs--thanks to users who helped solve them. Happy
That Steve Goto is a walking treasure trove of one-liners!
Vegas hot on rainbow and oquendo has a full schedule, not sure what reformer Pilates are exactly but u can check out their website
HuffPost by Bernie Sanders is a nice thought, but I'm still not moving back to a state with the highest taxes in the nation.
Remember how much fun you had coming up with good AOL screen names?
am not!
~ The awkward moment when you see twins fighting and one of them calls the other ugly. :p
Prepare for the resource war of the future or put money & time to consumer better.
Someone broke into my car and stole my ipod and bluetooth! SMH but God is still good! Imma bounce back
. I am so grateful for being the recipient and the bearer of good news!
will you be in town to see the parade w/ your family? Amazing Grand Marshall this year, WWII hero Tom Griffin
What's the newest of your favorite brews?
Umm. Okay then. Wow. Aby just licked my cheek. AWKWARD!
Listen up Ohio-the latest study shows we are ranked as being the 18th fattest state. I'm not happy about this! GET UP AND MOVE ALREADY!!!
I can't believe I'm saying this but I hope it rains today so I don't feel so guilty staying inside to work on orders today.
when I figure it out, I'll tell you <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
if you love dress up and party for Halloween then come down next Friday for a unique movie experience.
We have a ball game
...not used to feeling like a vikings fan...
No offense ladies with those last few tweets. I'm just imagining things Kelly Kapoor (sp?), from The Office might say.
breaking news dies in 15 minutes
this sucks cahonas
No worries. I have a plan.
Follow my other account! :)
#tsdday Facebook is the most visited website in the Philippines.
Just applied to attend a conference at where I'm hoping to learn about professional opportunities at & in Philly.
..... they keep asking him to leave when the want a picture with one of the guys. Just cause he is Irish....
can i request a review copy of "nurture" by ?
Wrapping up our weekend Pageant Winners workshop in Greenville, MS.
I made it through another day's journey... Goodnight
It's my birthday? Can you please wish me a Happy Birthday? :)
just keep swimming :)
Life is turning around for the better
#IGotNoRespectForYou , If You Constantly Interrupt Me .
agree. Only thing better would be adding (ahem!) <U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605><U+2605>.
Mason. Its a jar. Or half of a line. Not a name of a person, IMO.
que color traceo my wannabe NEw York outline line this is what ive done.so far .hold on lol :p
U mean Magazzini Generali ;) Greetings from L.A.
What's up with this new butt crack dread lock hairdo in the draft? It's turrible.
Ken #whisenhunt is an idiot.
Congrats to and other the other pigeons for the festival screening www.waterfrontfilm.org
If you play Microsoft CD's backwards, you hear satanic things, but that's nothing, because if you play them forwards, they install Windows
why'd they supposivly break up?!
so true isn't it? this came right on time for me too!
ion regret him cs i let him!
everything is a problem with you
That would be the most EPIC murder mystery party EVER! Where do we sign up?!?!
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Thompson from Washington Times & Politricks RT
We all wanna believe in a beautiful lie
MT : #Hollande has cast his vote in Tulle, where about 500 journalists descended to shadow the presidential hopeful.
Be careful where you buy your valentine flowers from. Flowers from Coulmbia are a no no - you could end up with bugs and exterminator bill!
that does take a lot of self control! :)
But since im up... Mind as well get some reps in...
RIP grandma anne, I love you, adore you, will always miss you. Christmas will never be the same.
and massive monitors to do 2500x1400 iPad retina images
When you love yourself first,...loving others is simple. The energy just flows through you to others.
Did they just show a BBVA commercial promoting the beginning of the NBA season?
I was gonna leave ya till ya kissed it!
- Foley should worry about his students game and not the media.
Dear radio, is it necessary for you to play a song I like when I arrive at my destination?
haha oops on Friday!
Happy Mothers Day :)
getting a Synchronizing Failes error on Android todo.txt touch, any suggestions? I'm signed into Dropbox successfully btw
No, but completely fascinated by it! Definitely on the "Things I will do one day" list.
show me the meaning of being lonely.
#thatawkwardmoment when you go to class and then next thing you know your teacher starts farting gross !! +.+
lmaoass :P u the only one I know that says motherfucker insteada mothafucka
It was another victorious weekend for Ireland rugby! Come on in and celebrate with half price beef burger night & Happy Hour from 4-7pm!
hey ray i love you mhw and my best friend is going to make a dance to our fave.song gone..:-) follow her plz
Tiebreakers are decided by chugoffs?
killed it on #SNL last night!
Just had the best convo with my best friend ily<3
Last day to order iZod from Don't miss out! www.graphiclabdesign.com
RT Given the GOP field, I think it's time to start a third party that picks a candidate through a beauty pageant.
Madagascar 2 ... Hilarious!
aw! that's so pretty! <3<3
To our new followers! Tag us in a post! Check out our facebook! Lets get this going!!
At the same time though day job is moving to new commercial space, so I am moving files and desks besides household goods!
Later this morning GOP Assemblyman Sean Hanna will announce his candidacy for the same seat.
Da fuuqq I got caught for dress code. I didn't even know we had one. <U+E107>
it's simple every coach in America would recruit the top 5 players in every class if they could. Only cal (at uk) can.
Definitely agree. Must-see sports today! RT : Dont forget #FACupFinal on right now and #UFConFOX tonite!
just got a face lift have you see it? :)
yeah--the gotye one was really good
Mark Laurin teaching us about mLearning - as all training - think about your audience first!
my bad. Check your mail, and don't spend it all in one place.
We are listening to the Black National Anthem at break time this week to celebrate Black History Month!
Great Q at Stockholm Forum on #fxinternet. Net can enable revolution; How can it help build corruption-free gov'ts that spur growth?
Watching deliver pitch at #Launchfest, great platform!
So disappointed in the united states congress!
what's good bro?
For a limited time, buy our kid's &quot.pop-up book app&quot. for 99 cents =]
Just presented our 2012 public service campaign at 's #WCW. Thanks to everyone who came out!!
Tribal leaders in the wake of the revolution have become dominant in Libya and have marginalized other groups.
hey, have you been to a #bikram class at the #LA headquarters w/bikram? i'm going on saturday.
I'm so jealous of your awesomeness.
Let your appearance repasent ya money
that's some bull shit too!!!
speaking of goth - thursday night goth nite at fez (316 sw 11th ave) is a LOT of fun!
And those that complain are the traditionalists that don't understand...they're the ones who need to be influenced.
Editing, editing and more! Hope everyone has been well. Hopefully be able to unveil some great news soon!!
Never make eye contact with another man while eating a banana.
got a favorite movie line?
good seeing you yesterday! dont forget to get ahold of me (:
Hate when a meeting is over and you really have to pee and it's too awkward to stay, so you suffer the whole way home.
lol.I would asked him to take that elsewhere.
..ments will be finished. Real life will actually be starting. Lord help me!
April, knock it off! We are trying to work outdoors here...
The dog is licking my arm, I think he's saying: "it's 9:30 on a Friday, it's time to get the fuck out of the office." I think I'll listen.
haha your a tease!!
talk to em Jude
thanks David for the #FF mention. Have a great weekend!
When? RT : Chrissy Dzioba to play Solstice & Equinox shows at Seven Seas!
great song
At a fascinating Gordon&MacPhail tasting at Clark street ale house. First up is 2000 scapa.
don't consider him a QB. He's got to matt jones it or nothing. Light yrs away from an NFL caliber passer. Slowest release.
Don't let past relationships ruin your future happiness, scars remind us of where we've been, not where we are going
love your new line! Keep doing your thing and god will continue to bless you with favor :)
When you feel like you made a mistake, she's your bestfriend.
Blending our two families is kinda like Extreme Parenting, the kicking and screaming edition.
A diamond with a flaw is preferable to a common stone with none. -- Chinese Proverb
I love being swamped, it's a designed world and someones gotta make some call and get s!&£ done, guess its me!
#YouKnowUWinning When the #Prostitute you found on #CraigsList pays you
The problem with Poser models is that they are perfectly proportioned, physically fit. But I need to draw big ole fat, church-looking folk
Thanks Justin- you should try the Chili's rellenos. Best I've had in years. Now I'm stuffed! I'll get the chimichanga next.
Middle of narrating skatebording doc, Sean Penn stops, clears throat, keeps going. Take 2? Nope.
Bummed to have to leave #BT2Duke early. Thank you organizers and participants for a wonderful event!! Learned a lot, look forward to more.
The Paige's Music family is growing! We're currently hiring for the position of repair prep associate. Check our site for details.
talking with me would not be awesome for you, then ;)
We are looking for Volunteers in marketing
Huge congratulations to for getting into the #USC School of Cinematic Arts graduate program! They had to accept you
Be sure to spread the word about this year's #IWD2012 . We have an incredible banquet planned for you all. Definitely a must be there event!
Gasp!! hasnt been on twitter for almost a whole day!! 23 hours!!
Tune in now for The Songwriter Lounge "Sunday at the Lounge"
Talking abt Mobile First - The Daily was mobile first & only on the iPad for the first 8-9 months, now on other devices
Follow .. She is just getting into twitter and needs some followers
behind all the cuts and the tattoos and the scars, she does have a story and she has a reason for doing what she does
It's 3:16pm. Time to pray for all the difficult ones!
When is IMG Modeling agency going to tell you if you were accepted? So anxious! Tweet me!
thanks for the follow everyone!!
so far about 80 cents but I have done almost nothing with it since the last time we talked about it. It's adf.ly
comeback!!!!!! lets go bills
#Happy International Women's Day Ladies! <3
I wouldn't even call it a dusting but it caused two people to send panic texts wondering about christis bday party tonight
You living in the TARDIS?
the possibilities regarding pants are now endless.
Alright bro
pretty sure it's the guy I replaced.
Freddie Mac Sees Short Sales Rise, Will Increase Incentives
What do you mean "shut down"? I don't recognize that phrase.
Who are you and how did you get my number? Lol!
I had a blast and hope to be back on Monday!
i agree it was wonderful meeting u and i would love to do lunch soon. 4109163306
Nice! Enjoying it? Which HTC do you have?
"Miami, I'm taking you with me" - DJLaz
Final-tabled 1st event at #EPTGrandFinal nightly 330 turbo for € 1800 cash. They treated us like we were in the Main Event, <3 staff here.
Justin Bieber: *breathes* Beliebers: Did you see the way his chest moved? SEXY.
Truth: The crazier the chick, the better the sex.
It's ok to cry if you're in pain. Remember tears are prayers too. They travel to god when we can't speak.
what the hell holmgren.
Glad I didn't go to school today!
I love Jose
Hey you!
Here's the tradeoff for being on CBS: start time of Navy at AFA will be 9:30 a.m. Sure the cadets won't mind. Me on the other hand?
Just woke on up. But I usually get up at 6 anyway *shrug*
someone should've told you , I want you <3 -
Some people look over-baked, over-done, over the top! " Don't blame the gun ... blame the person holding the gun" Get a MD w/ experience!
shut the fuck up and honor
Cool! Come sat and watch me pitch! :-)
all the party people in the house lets go!
she should be, lol yell for her
Got a query via the website asking how many servers our digital library was on. from lib school student
Eating pudding *pudding face*
"a real job" - you mean one focusing on computing via water vapor? ;)
Glad you both enjoyed. Hope we get more rain tomorrow. And , I'm happy for her too :)
The timestamp is 11pm PST, but having both Arizona and Colorado in "The Next Four Out" section doesn't work
pssshhh no bro
Back in Wisconsin and on 99.1 The Mix until noon.
We're big fans too! Media loves Dropbox.
So all I really want is for to tweet me, it would make my whole night<21
Ask yourself if you really love Human Resources. Then tweet why. Thanks!
After a short fire fight the HMS Tamar and the USS Defense ceased and move out of striking distance.
Making LA look good! ": Follow one of the best music company's in NYC They've never let me down. That's wu's up!!"
I'd be all like, guess god didn't answer your prayers, igga
I heard you're going as Lady Gaga to that costume party tonight. That's so funny
Let us help you get noticed! Hire our #social media managers today! You need the #exposure!
Please follow he always follows back.
does that still apply, if I refer you to myself? :)
as long as it comes w a side of chocolate milk!
Air tickets lose levy, gain tax
____ can't believe Google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter.
Thanks! Yours is pretty sweet too! Had fun shooting Madness w/you! RT checked out your site was perdy sweet!
Im a happy camper. Good day so far
I pass a Brewers flag on the way to and from work everyday. :)
Why Do Bike-Share Riders Skip Helmets?
tell me more.
it was very sad re michael jackson.....i hope the doctors who gave him the meds are put in jail......he will be missed...
Thanks for everyone who has pitched in so far for my personal site's audio page! I am looking for one more co-host for a podcast…Hit me up!
Bulson: "what we have now is the noah's ark approach to digitization"
Made pancakes and unknowingly spilled syrup on the floor. It is the weirdest feeling to have syrup in-between your toes! Pedicure time!
But even if they aren't completely banned, removing them from collections severely impedes patron access to them.
:) Hey, you look and sound great in the video Regine brought back from MMS!
Testing, check, check. Sibilance. Okay, we're back up! Big ups to the team at #SXSW with Stop by Monday and meet them!
Calvin Johnson will grace the cover of Madden '12
They come in w/ their examples from work & I come in from reading the internet.
I, on the other hand, am still in Dr waiting room...
I like how you repeated "in the UK" You know ya gotta get the point across.
where at?
Small cut no worries #Canelo u got this
“: You don't even understand what you did” RFT
feel free to follow me if you arent scared to get undead tweets and updates on the undead. Cheers!
We're featuring your "Best Cult Movies" to new #Springpad users today. Great collection!!
#TellTheWhiteHouse to WAKE THE F*** UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Get in touch with the middle class, we pay the bills around here.
I love NYC in general. I am always all over the place.
What did you do for #earthday ? // We organized a group of volunteers and planted 1000 grass bulbs at a Conservation Area.
Not too early to think about a parenting/writing panel for #AWP 2013
Yeah I would wake up a 7:40.
My Light Is Out And Shining....Blessed am I
should we ask about next week?
Thanks to for interviewing University of Portland finance professor Brian Adams today!
ambition is priceless it's something in your veins
Enjoying a relaxing night after a busy work week. 8 chapters into "Empire of Silver" & it promises to be another instant favorite.
Many thanks to the #Ravens for a GREAT season
Yes, I'd love to!
you are a doll!
Getting ready to board my flight to MKE!
Got a cool idea for a MyCSU video or blog? E-mail us at .
The final test of a leader is that he leaves behind him in other men, the conviction and the will to carry on. — Walter Lippmann
Ate at McDonald's today. I asume this is what it tastes like when Ronald McDonald craps in your mouth.
Diary of a Crossword Fiend » Blog Archive » Thursday, 4/26/12
well tonight is the pride and unity awards...I'm going home and getting ready right after school
MADE IT TO THE LORDS HOUSE TODAY awesome worship service, i'm rejuvenated I taped it might upload it! energy was flowing!
On my way!
SWest attndnt just announced prebrding for "5-11 yo traveling alone". I don't even let my 10 yo stay home alone, let alone travel"
Watching #TheHaunted. I'll be sleeping with one eye open. O.o
& I lost our minds Hatch crab cakes, chili, cornbread, guacamole, pasta, bags of raw & roasted. Hmm-what's 1st?
OKbye. Now i am officially Leaving :P
I think the Nuggets had the site up on laptop in the closing minutes last night. Karl eager to read the interview.
Bro defends title. Other bro drafted,. Your parents must be proud!
Happy birthday, Carl Solomon!
Remember how much of a pain the ass fonts used to be?
Twins ain't cheap!
RT Watching Madison County and 's Mother's Day for this weeks episode!
And they used to be car driver signals. MT : Dude, there are all of 3 signals that ever get used
i wont do that :'(
So what's the #LTDArmy up to today?
Have fun in Vegas! Let me know if you need hook ups :)
Pub Trivia tonight at 7pm. Bring grandma for the history round or come to escape your in-laws. Whatever, just get trivial!
How?!?!?!?! I am stuck in Tj I have no car. I am using a texting app to text him. and he lives in SD city.
Staying positive can really help you out when you are struggling on a diet. Remember why you are on it and what it is doing for your body.
That was the theme at my wedding: In water one sees one's own face, in wine one beholds the heart of another. French proverb
Thanks Stu! How was Laugh Fest?
Last day in my lovely lifetime fitness gym ...back to the hole in the wall at HU :/
i think Hawaii should be on that tour date list!! LOL!
can the pitchers get in on this contest???
Just had a crash course on Jacques Ellul, who told us 30 year ago to prevent automated stock trading and the MSNBC/Fox News dialectic. Oops.
Employee: Can you sign this blank paper for scanning?
That's why you were supposed to learn how to use the potty years ago.
I heard you say that at dinner, lol. You are so funny.
Life is like a latte: maybe sweet, maybe bitter, but delicious nonetheless, and it gets cold if you ignore it for too long.
I work for IAC who owns match and I wrote the fb app
I will pay $25 to anyone that sends me $250 or more in work
Is there really going to be a switched a birth movie?
Q7- we try to have at least one veggie with each meal and always keep fresh fruit available
RT : took the family to Disney and free comic book day yesterday!
Hey Kristy! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Im Shitty to my toes betta hold ya Nose..
Good! Life's kind of kickin' my ass a bit. Packing for the move in with later this week. Closing on 2 houses on Fri. :-)
annual meeting turnout is usually about 13,000
aw thanks steph!!! Love you!!
you just need to send a broadcast message to your contacts that says 062345877#REP It worked for me and all my contacts
HAPPY EASTER 2 ALL.. Jesus died for US now let's live for HIM! May you all have a blessed day :)
Sending the wrong message to someone
CAN'T BUY THEIR LOVE Lesson here. Despite all his money, Romney cannot stand up to anybody, including the religious right...
Can't wait for tonight!
Harley, Heat, Sunshine, Cold Beer,
go see dont be afraid of the dark
TALKING ABOUT U KEEP IT REAL... YOU A REAL LIAR... ;-|
#ThoughtsOnMyMind when hell are they gonna start cooking breakfast!
that is hilarious! You think that those 33 won because of her??? Joe Miller got beat by a write in her home state! Then there is newt!
A hug back to you, Mike!
#ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest !
probably I have a lot. I usually do slow stuff.
Hey, RT Need to hire someone good at making infographics. Email me if that's you.
sometimes it's best to hit bed early & rest. No shame in taking a break.. you can also try a Hi-Potion, works in Final Fantasy
Just because this isn't a fairytale doesn't mean people can't live happily ever after
wow tha good ones really do go...
#phoenix Mayor : "we are a city that must lead"
I am here as well. This is such a great event.
Thanks for the RT!!! You're my new best friend!
In this body you will live. In this body you will die. Where you invest your love, you invest your life.
cool. I'll be there too :)
Really mom, cool.
couldn't agree more-relaxing is difficult yo:)
people want a time when taxes were low and government was small . What date was this?n
Hi thanks for the FF, have a great weekend!
Or u could call ky lol RT “: But its all good. I'll leave that nigga be, he's TOO trill for me. ”
is the most beautiful, coolest person on earth. #letsbehonest, shes the best.
Gary, thanks so much for mentioning me. SO greatly appreciated!
thanks for the follow Pierre :)
quitting defines you!!
alright, first off, what's #hogab and second, red lights are evil, they must be timed just right to fuck with us.
About to upload mine, and 's silent film we made. :)
now your just somebody that i used to know :)
lmao dont come for my hood cause its look sexy but when i get some weev and get my hair done im good hahahahaha
Agents, Fin. Advisors, Sports Mktrs, Alumni/Boosters, Tatoo Shops, Car Dealers, etc. - endless list of those who prey on student athletes.
(: i been planning it for the longest.
Whatever you do be a keeper of the OIL! It's what makes the difference.
OMG I LOVE THIS WEATHER :D
Colors greatly affect our bodies and emotions -- Blue light helps to improve alertness and performance.
Can you provide the date, time, location and route this issue occurred on? We'd like to look into this. Thank you.
i am so in. We can throw a party in the training room ha
Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7am - 6pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
I've been a fool and I've been blind.
Hey there don't worry :) I haven't forgotten. check your email tomorrow for the company description.
Your aspirations are your possibilities.~ Dr. Samuel Johnson
We have some great art pieces available in our store!!!
I'm pretty sure it's the same neighbor who also fixed the locks on my garage. I am lucky to know such nice people.
Hey booski! I'm ready to service your car when you are...
Konz can play OG. Folks up here projected him to play guard before taking over for Birk. Had to go Upshaw. Surprised Konz fell.
haha, it looks pretty good on him :D
Its funny because, no one in their fandom wants people to hate on them, yet they offend other fandoms. Lol.
so uhm is complainin that we tweet too much. She #trippin huh?
Happy Valentine's Day! Any plans to celebrate in downtown mke?
boo hooo.....Craig is way overrated!
Hey Pastor! YAH bless.
Let's try to keep as much emotion out of this as possible.
I hereby curse NC's bigots: may your bones crack; your blood rot; your genitals itch; your tongue swell; your God abandon you.
“: On my way to for another round of classes. #excited #greaterthings" // Here we go!
Thanks, I will. RT : You should reach out to my friend, She has been very involved in
Playing tonight @ casa del mar in SM (SOUL STATION) with amazing Terron Brooks and compadres Johnny Flaugher and Rob Perkins. Soul music!
May just have failed my first exam here at UT.
Supporting experimentation and failure is important for teaching 21st century skills
the capitol is now reoccupied.........
Another great Happy Hour ! Be sure to ask for my favorite cocktail server, Erica!
did the lakers win ?
: enjoy the trip out in the countryside! its a beautiful drive and destination.
Lizzy!!!....hey stranger
Finding your cadence: Listen for the rhythm of the beat. Start moving your hips. Add your own style. Have a drink. Repeat.
ok so finally saw the hit Kris Letang was suspended for and I have to say, it was a clean hit so why the suspension? makes not sense
true! I will.. Thx for the Tip:)
lol, that might be my favorite
Pet peeve #1: being called a stoner... big difference between a pot smoker and a stoner... don't get it twisted
so you sprained it ?
Every time I see a Barrett or Falk ad for WI gov, I wanna hurl. Maybe they could team up on some kind of bulimic weight loss business.
RT Doing a little wife brag for :) He finished 14th out of 2,700 runners in the #SoleOfTheCity10k!
Wearing a yellow jersey as you bike to work says an awful lot about your personality.
gotta love them elephants... Lmao!!!
a whole special on msu on BTN? I can fucks with that.
#IGoToCoralParkWhere the marching band is ten times better than the football team #sorrynotsorry #Ihadto :3
Its easy to understand why everybody wanna rap bc all we hear is money, ballin,fuckin hoes nobodys rappin bout other realistic shit SMH
Tweet tweet little birdies tweet tweet.
RT Can anyone believe that was supposed to be the original Tour Manager? -psh all's well that ends well!
Ok where rod and them at": naw i stay on hanwood now im about DM u my cell so wen u text me ill let u know"
haha, Thanks! Maybe one day :)
I've just discovered just how easy InDesign makes layouts, and I'm in LOVE! Thank you, Adobe.
Beef at Antioch Raley&#39;s recalled because of ground up writing pen
haha! I should just keep it at your place
In school and looking for work. The usual.
#LetsLunch: Votes are in-Let's post Dad-inspired on June 8 & #BBQ in July!
Caitlin Beadles was sent to the hospital because of Cardiac Arrest. Her heart suddenly stopped beating." STAY STRONG CAITLIN <U+2665>
phone doesn't work.
RT I miss you so much!!!
Not trying to get all mushy gushy, but I do really love my guy. No one else understands me like him. He's the best. <3
Back to school tomorrow.... blegh.
is there meat glue involved?
Happy New Year!
Where did the day go? Scrambling to get anything crossed off my to-do list before someone adds another item.
I will not get my PhD...maybe if I win the lottery and can go full time.
no you are mistaken. it's #swagsquad *moving my arms in an S motion both ways*
What's everyone up to?
CEO Kathleen Feely "We began to think about the really big idea behind Casebook, which is to build bridges between systems."
Nah. Average. My height isn't average that's for sure. haha.
Distinction factor: One of the last guests on an already cancelled show?
I need to be sleep right now
I seriously think youre an extremely awesome person even though we barely had said a few words to each other
You're not "celebrating" are you? :-)
"Etchings" are made by the artist using a tool called a burin to carve the image on to a metal plate coated in wax.
I know, I'd like that.
Fingers crossed! But you better shoot straight with me. None of this "that was soo great" if you think it sucks. Promise?
Ryan Cain is 22! My awesome brother (many sources will confirm he's the cooler Cain) deserves nothing less than the happiest of birthdays!
#Bbworld11 includes option of sample content to assist faculty in development.
What a game! #BBN!
I still need to buy tickets for opening day #Dbacks :)
Bad Bitches
Newest discovery in Santiago: impersonator
Whats everyone's favorite brand? or one of the smaller guys.
Please follow back! (:
mom doesnt have a twitter. ill tell her in person.
Darn shame
Tonight was the night from hell...
Bristol Palin can suck a wangggg
RT Hidden Side of the #SuperBowl...you'll sound like the smartest person at the party. Tonight on !
Overly excited to make homemade sauce and pasta tomorrow.
I just wanted to spread you some of my knowledge, since it's clear you don't know much football.
Thank you Mike!
Now here is a business idea, invent an app that allows you to go back to your mother's womb. Kinda like a do over.
Awesome steaks at the house tonight, courtesy of Costco & my fiancé. Yum.
A woman was stopped by dumbass #TSA agents for carrying a breast pump and ice packs. These people do not think..
Drake Younger and Eddie Kingston vs. Jimmy Jacobs and Timber up next.
Stairway to Heaven just came on my Pandora shuffle. Time to go to the bathroom and have a smoke.
You know it ain't quality. They learn it's worth something.
omg no now he is obsessed with Disney Universe. We had to put the wii in his room because he wouldn't even let us watch tv
She’s in trouble. Find. Her. *Hanging up.*
saw cities restaurant on cesar chavez by ford in east l.a. just now. when did that pop up? looks nice. has anyone been there?
Can't wait for May tho
What are you listening to today?
Yes Baby!! THE BEASTS of the EAST - PITT Men's BBALL!! NCAA#1SEED Baby!! March Madness LETS GET IT!! You see US right?
What happened to the free / outside Rockfest ?!?
IM on some bitch ass shit cuz u holding my shit captive huh?i must have life fucked up!
I love fried foods but while I was at the dr's office I got kind of grossed out by all the fried food on Dr. Oz Show. Moderation is the key.
Rushed out the house and shit lol ugh
It is never too late to be what you might have been. ~ George Eliot
Amazingly gorgeous day today.. Reminds me of being back in mountain view.
Hungry? Hit up kodasushi.com
think positive and believe.
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. Arnold H. Glasow
Anybody tweeting about the fight now watched the replays lol
Graduate commencement happens now. Excited to see the #MAcomm class of 2012 graduate.
" Stay in school and don't cut your own bangs". Best advice ever.
Story about alcohol "consumption" - one of the few times I knew about something my teen didn't(SVU). She said ewww
RT : Lawd I done forgot I was watching #Whitney's funeral, we in church! Preach Pastor WINANS!
I don't know but it means "damn" in Spanish.
So proud! RT : Just saw the Amex Small Business Saturday commercial and love it! I spied in there too!!
Cloud Office and Collaboration Productivity Applications Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2012 to ...
where i live is scary :'( i wanna move
That is only because you have other options. It gets pretty damn annoying after a while. I just put on the Spanish Channel.
I am great. Cool to find you on here. How are you?
There are several people on my TL that know a lot abt the music industry that should get together and mentor some of the youth.
FRINGE FRIDAY!!!
Is your approach to change one of dread, or one of "what can I do in this new paradigm that I could not do before?"
is it a snf? i've used 787.29 and 92526; though depending on your region and auditors, it could be different
Italian postal service, you are bumming me out. You lose more packages than any other country in the world. WHAT UP?
ATTN: marketing professionals! Follow to learn about top senior level marketing opportunities in the Chicagoland area.
Brain Safe: 80%+ sports brain injuries go untreated/unrecgnized. their device will check brain health against normalized data |
12 hour days are really starting to take it's toll on me
Salmon lowers the level of inflammation in your body. Eat #wild Alaskan salmon 3 x wk.
If anyone can answer any question I've posted let me know. Or r these questions to forever be asked.
must be nice to fly jets and wear aviators #imjealous #canihireyouwhenigetrich?
TIO (Tweet it On) -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE -- FREE CARL LEE. FOLLOW --- CAMPAIGN
Now, can I find a bar nearby that's showing the #gopdebate?
RT : Those who proclaim their patriotism the loudest have the least understanding of what American democracy actually means.
i know me too
- RT : Enjoyed seeing your cathedral yesterday. Wholly authentic smell of limestone and incense!
Everybody Wanna Be Big Bad && Tough But Be Tryna Play Innocent When Nic Comes Along Or They Get Confronted On Shit.. Foh.
What I keep thinking whenever someone mentions the Hobbit trailer - "I'm into hard scifi. Fantasy is bullshit."
I'm sure you have me mistaken for someone else.
Our responsibility is to make information accessible, clear and interesting to students. What is theirs? Don't doubt yourself.
I thought adults were more careful when driving??? Guess not #horriblecrazywomendriverkillerALMOSTDIED!
Thanks Jason. Do you have a quick demo for me, and ? cc/
I'm on a Sam Rivers kick courtesy of WKCR! Damn, he was heavy! Time to look for those albums...
I want to find someone that will show me different
Brees added: "I have no knowledge of the fake Drew Brees banging that Sizzler waitress at the HoJo in Buffalo last year."
I guess I'm the last to hear ushers new single "climax" wow I'm impressed! He keeps coming back like the birds at my window lol
Just got a tip from that a store selling "girlie stuff" was opening in Maple Grove. Thanks John!
Thanks we are too!
Is it a fresh turkey that you'll pick up close to Thanksgiving?
all you have to do is download it! No strings attached! :-) The link takes you to the Alphabet book, right?
just holidays
RT : We have R3HAB coming to next Thursday December 1st ... that big!!
Bank of America decided if you can't win a popularity contest, try for the unpopularity prize. Ok, take $5, now you're on Goldman's turf.
Conference on Woolf and Joyce taking shape in Milan on 13-14 December this year. More details soon on JJQ blog.
maybe not what you would expect from a history class.
hello! Just saw your message. Explain about yourself to me. My email is .
Almost time for the big party. Hope you can all make it
ISE Denver has more than 200 free seminars, and some that include the cost of a show ticket. A life-saver, literally, takes place in the...
Dear puppy, must you fucking pee on my bed?!?! I mean come on!!! Love your pissed off sister! P.S. don't do it again!
better joke delivery would probably cut down half of sexual harassment claims
damn its a dirty game lol
well then, i think that answers that!
RT : Steve Jobs, our Edison, our Ford, our visionary. No one compares in my lifetime. RIP Steve. True enough.
First Tweet! Twitter is Twitational!!!
jus spit on it and everything goes
no comment
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing.Helen Keller
is it true you love Xavier? Lolol
iPad owners - recommendations for keyboards? I really want to get one.
lol all name team RT : RECRUITING STORY OF THE YEAR. RT : Hearing #Nebraska has offered 2013 Nashville ATH Corn Elder
Gettin stuff done today before work!
in rhythmic it was as long as the song didn't end and then start with lil Wayne.
Hello Stripper! xD
#2ThingsIAppreciate Mac n cheese and kitty cats
Your only saying that because we have guest here....
I HAVE A ? R U GOING TO LEAVE ALL UR MAHOMIES PICS AT SAN ANTONIO?!!
Work either expands or contracts in order to fill the time available. ~Parkinson's Law
Santa is coming to Chick-Fil-A Dallas:Tuesday 12/20 2p-4p & Thursday 12/22 6p-8p!Bring your cameras and take pictures with Santa, it's free!
Joakim Noah's ankle roll looked downright disgusting. Can't believe he's back out there.
Justin taught me how to never say never & to belive :) <3 <3
RT alvin tomas tuddao All Glory and Praises belong to the One and Only God...
Yes, please come check us out! Our next scheduled date at the Palafox Market is Saturday, September 17th! :)
<<< Making it a blockbuster NITE!!
Rock on! Thanks for following keep it pitchy!
0 and counting
sorry everyone that was for the director. check out Legalize Me trailer on u tube ac3 flicks
So leadoff homer is all the damage against the ageless one
My dreams will come true........
for added context, your last tweet came into my feed between something about "shoe porn" and something about Justin Bieber.
#PaulMcCartney's live broadcast from Capitol Records in LA is a sight and sound to behold. So classy and well produced. What a legend.
did skip school to go surfing this morning?? I think so ;)
Would bet the over on 1.5 ejections tonight
Probably shouldn't be reading Ian the basic steps to become a PUA...
And I want the Nook Color :)
The mind can also be an erogenous zone.
I'm hoping we get paid. But what have you said that is right about FTP since black friday?
Bitches ain't sayin shit they can't tell me nothing :)
make change her handle to that.
girls know how to fake a smile, boys know how to fake their feeling..
You are going to give me a heart attack. :P
nobody is turning down the radio and handing him a map when he gets close to the address
I lost my phone contacts, so if i had your number..please inbox me..
did u ever do a blog against foam rolling?
sorry! Don't stress too much, things will get better!
im back bitches
Gunna keep asking "is it hoppin' today?" until everyone hates me.
“: Having trouble finding The Client List. Is it not on Cinemax Lite?” -- Spice Jr.
Good luck! Knock 'em dead!
just didn't want to go.I live a thugs life haha
Pretty sure Nuggets head coach George Karl is Redd off of That 70s Show...
haha it's just a job no more no less but thank u:p
satisfied belly
time for a bonfire!
I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH!!!
you guys are on a roll tonight. laughing out loud over here.
..but most of all..I live for My God..Have a God Weekend Everyone and Keep Rockin'
Facebook Hiring; Like?: Google's former green czar, Bill Weihl, will join Facebook in late January according to the website Fresh Dialogues.
Using FB adverts work for study recruitment!
#TT: A way to bring high school to twitter. Time to move to linkedin? oh well, I still love you twitter.
Me and Jordan Benker :) i wish it was Me and Jordan Benker r friends :D
Photoshop makes me cranky.
Apprct it! Thanks for all your hard work on the Weeknd Business podcast. I got a lift every time I heard that bit of theme music.
THAT WAS NOT A KNOCKDOWN!!!!!! HE PUSHED HIM!!!!!!!
- clever - wish I had thought of it!
#PinkPost God is my source from which all things flow.
Certainly, one of our talented Artists will be happy to give you an interview.
Who is tweeting the Tremont Crossing Presentation at Central Elder Services? #Roxbury. Happening now!
I've been "processing" for over 30 minutes. Entered credit card info. What do I do?
#ThatsFresh Bag of Money video !
“: NEVER be ashamed of your problems... Your body... Yourself... YOU are worth LIFE.” <3
Ty lawson having his way
Who is he??
finalizing my 2012 budget today TRYING TO MAKE ROOM for a Florida trip this summer for and to doanother live
On, no! #HomelandSecurity will now be following my #Tweets forever. Accused #TSA of theft. At least follow me to add to my numbers.
5_10 no limit cash game at the Wynn all day..also check out our 2 new shirts at drawndead.net
im not hidin no more lol
“Well that was the silliest tea party I ever went to! I am never going back there again!” <U+2015> Lewis Carroll, Alice in Wonderland
i know i know daefffff
you keep it up and see how far that gets you. Fraud.
On this date: In 1770, Marie Antoinette, age 14, married the future King Louis XVI of France, who was 15.
Amateur hour is about done.. Everyone's ready for and -- It's #BASS o'clock. DC.. Act like you know!!
haha my brother gets those to and he got them when he was like 8 haha
Lots of turbulance but i am alive and in louisville
F*** the lot of them. Will do, Angela!
congrats!!! “: Just won the city talent award for at #nycbigapps!!!”
......I am told electroshock is usually reserved for them.....wait, what's ur name again....what day is it....
truth of the matter is i'm complicated.
Sorry to hear about the ticket :( but hope the rest of your day went better :)
Youu can have all my shine ill give youu the light.
Funny.. the things I think are absolutely normal are completely and totally odd to others.
u r so pretty bay
still up, just listening to music
what exactly are you trying to do? do you already have your data sets?
Watching our client's climb ranks
Having been up since 1 a.m., I always try to stifle a smirk when Twitter begins to explode right about now. . .
“As you walk down the fairway of life you must smell the roses, for you only get to play one round.” Ben Hogan
I personally blame Tony Sparano for the situation the Heat are in right now
shout out 2 you for all your help in the studio today! Best.Manager.Ever
Whatever makes you sleep at night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
We attract people who are reflections of ourselves. So beware of anyone who wants to be with you when you're an emotional wreck.
Congrats on anther finish in the money at WSOP. Great job! 2 yrs n a row at Main Event!
When he says I have a hippopotamass...cuz its just that big xD
I fucking love . His music is so dope<3 I wish he'd retweet, tweet, or follow me<3
I don't want another pretty face, I don't want just anyone to hold I don't want my love to go to waste, I want you and your beautiful soul
um, my house is nicknamed "The Big Top"
hahaha well no. He got hit by a bus. But I mean maybe he got hit by a bus because he's stupid XD
Almost forgot what making movies feels like. Dammit, Dave.
I try to care about Billboard Awards, I really do, but they're Billboard Awards. Meh *continues voting while snuggling to Gaga's 5 Grammys*
Hope you're drunk right now! Happy St Patty's!
What a beautiful day ... maybe I'll skip mowing the grass and drag out the blender and rum instead!
Kathy Ireland? I think Jews may have just jumped the shark, Mortmundo!
It's sad when someone you Know becomes someone you Knew
Full moons on clear blue lake, sweet corn fresh from the field and beer. RT RT What I love about Wisconsin is: ____
That had to be one of his teammates....
SO JEALOUS. That please is amazing.
of course the video won't load on my iPhone! I'll check it as soon as I get home from work!! :-)
I don't understand how her brother is so cute
Arab World On Fire For Democracy!
That missed call by the umpire on Nickase looms huge now.
iwill see the Lord one day
Post-Star is starting a pay wall | All Over Albany
Attended a talk on csounds, the open source sound maker software. Almost assembly language, it offers possibilities for signal generation.
Good friends. Good family. Good times.
Your heart is in this! Admirable.
The text I qot from my ex last niqht.! Lol two funny boy qet a life .!
4 more days! It's time for somem SkyLaw.
Dear my Goddess, I love you and thank you for helping me back up from rolling in the deep. Love you my angel :)
That's kind of adorable. I'm more into local produce than organic myself. Partly b/c I think pesticides make me faintly luminous.
RT 2012 ends in approx. 9 months. Invest in your article's future by making it timeless by skipping the date in your titles.
have you noticed and his twitter problem? RT Test
Ion Like When People Be Plyn Wit Mhe Cause Ion Know If They Serious Or Not.,!
I'm trying not to fall asleep but why am I the only one awake?!?!
Had the best shopping day today!! Got lots of great stuff.
good morning mines to but slowly it's dis crazy weather
It is very sad how some children can't enjoy a normal childhood because of illness or disability :'( #StayStrongValentin!
hey Nelly!!!! guess who!!!
BIG PLANS THIS WEEKEND! May 7 - #ROCLandlordExpo at #MCC and #ImagineRIT at #RIT - Visit , , and the team!
no;( that's my moms birthday I'm not sure what game I wanna go to cuz I wanna go to lambeau but there in chi on my bday!!!
I DON'T HAVE ANY AND I CAN'T BY ANY FOR ANOTHER...28 DAYS.
You will feel amazing!
This has been buzzing on my mind from House: "Life is pain."
Finally gettin too bed... vegas still on my breathe
There's an old saying in Korean about "neighbor-cousins" that refers to the importance of building human relations beyond blood connection.
I have 69 tweets & I thought of you.(; but now this is my 70th
Hitting the road extra early tomorrow. See you soon Spokane!!
Out of class yay =)
Agreed. Just because people can't imagine it differently, it doesn't mean that it can't be different.
Thanks for the link to DD's #DWTS tonight! I missed it, busy watching the #Brewers kick some Cubs' butt!
Just stocked up on , got $20 bucks off my order (code: HOLIDAY), and gave it back to all in a few clicks.
Someone do me a favor though.... Explain Jerry to me. I haven't been on this account in sosososo long.
My life was the nuts - then they brought home two puppies. I’m still cute and adorable, why did they need these fur children?
You've proven that you're just as fucking fake as you were freshman year.
I LOVED your vegan carrot cake. Thank you!
Fill in the blank: I've been in HR/Recruiting for _______ years.
yes I can... he and any other cat should have field day, not to mention lobs on the back side
Once I GRADUATE im never looking back....
RT : starting new blog of my life with all sorts of "how to make it without an #agent " tips for #nyc #actors :) stay tuned!
www.mwishartpi.com loves the pi directory Private-Investigator-Detective.com
Happy New Year to you as well.
SMi looks to to capitalize on oddsmakers oversights and inaccuracies.
Now announcing support for Verizon workers strike tomorrow Thursday at 140 west street. Meet in #zucotti at 11:30am.
Well we all know how you're gonna do on that
#StickTogether RT : Last day of #ADPR4300. Going to miss these girls... And and
Chicago: Thank you for honoring my temperature related request previously submitted in March. It truly feels good wearing only one layer.
Welcome to the Empire State.
I think I'm going to name my next cat General Meow. Like General Mao but meow because it's a cat. Get it?
Mayday Parade is dang good music!
I'll be attending #Forecastle for the first time thus year. We should grab a beer while I'm down.
We had a blast in NYC last night at Marquee Club & Bar Basque. Tonight, we play at Sound Asylum in Middletown, NY w/ WillPowerless
Going to view two properties, one in King-Lincoln Bronzeville and the other in Clintonville. The best kitchen and deck/patio will win.
The road to success is always under construction. - Lily Tomlin
#Popchips are amazing! So happy to be working with such a great product.
Are u staying true 2 your vision or someone else's? Every day should B a deposit n 2 your dream. Have U used change 2day as a deposit?
- a lot, but not tht a lot.
Holy crap; an actual #Packers free agent signing!
I want to die peacefully in my sleep, like my grandfather
#FF to the hottest biatches on here ; )
Im so excited to see u in June:)
at least u luv me <3
We're going to to see the Impressionism exhibit tomorrow, then again for the FUEL event with Chip Duncan on the 17th!
A good lawyer knows the law... a clever one takes the judge to lunch :)
5 Stealthy Ways to Find a New Job with Social Media
The answer lies in how Common Core is interpreted. Seems to vary some from place to place.
RT if your gona see Justin Bieber at Westfield on Monday :).. and if ur gona go wake up EARLY!! in da morning 2 get wristbands &
can u please list me and follow me please I need more followers and I see that u have so many and I know u may not have time
It was not just another day!
hell ya!! Jefferson earning that $$$ and Anderson schooling Billups!!!
Happy birthday happy birthday to u i hope u had a awesome day u so deserve it may this year be the best one yet 4 u luvu!
great! Can u drop a line to steve AT Bunchball dot com? Tks!
Thx Jess! We <3 you too.
The Cauldron was never that loud when shouting that word... Course, it's the whole stadium yelling it...
Houston Home & Garden Market is Feb 12-14 @ Reliant Center. Interested in attending? www.TheHomeAndGardenMarket.com for info!
#Obama touches on huge concern @ #UNM, #highered in general: "The interest rate (student loans) will double unless congress acts on July 1"
Congrats #Facebook Team!! Let's make our #TimeLines even better now plz!! :)
well I am neither so it should know not to play any Obama ads.
i meant "hear, hear!"
between and this week, I a)want to scream but also b)am heartened by backlash against this asshaberdashery.
hey lmk if ur heading back to ny!
"Today I saw something that reminded me of you. But don't worry - I flushed, and everything went back to normal." HAH! lol.
Tell me what you know about night terrors...nothing
HIT ME UP
RIP to the Queen Of Disco Donna Summer.
I didn't intend to poo-poo your efforts at all
Shower.Clothes & School :)
"we cannot direct the wind, but we can adjust the sails" Bertha Calloway
Trimble's SketchUp acquisition ... signs point to a stronger, more flexible SketchUp tool/community supported by both Trimble and Google.
Blanket on, too hot. Blanket off, too cold. 1 leg out, perfect! Until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it & drags you down the hall.
Time for me to go get my scrimmage on
if i get 100 followers on here i will follow 20 of u on my ciarabravo account
#ThingsMyExsaid "I'll always be here for you even tho we don't talk anymore" ..B*TCH where was you when I needed you during the relationship
I realized today the only reason I quit smoking was so my mouth wouldn't look like a cat's asshole.
Hello tweets...follow three great up and coming artist. Thanks!
Many people will say that patients dont have the power to rate hospitals. Do you think this is true?
Seriously? Didn't think I would catch onto that one? Stupid
Yes, a headache is exactly what I need to make today better!
That brownie look delicious. <3 :)
we bout to take it to the next level
This wine is running its course..weSexiiiScorpiowe
welcome back
didn't know there was an #artworld is it in our #solarsystem?
I'm sorry that you are not well Chris. Should I bring you some chicken soup? Hope that U feel better soon.
Idk who he is either? Haha
#cataloging The Velvet Underground & Nico's 1099 form from 1971. My job makes me seem cooler than I am.
How can we be friends, when we love each other like this?
Oh, that sounds lovely! And I am, thank you. :)
wasn't impressed
why wasn't I following you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
follow me please? your amazing.
This hot guy nurse did the throught test on me it was embarrassing
Looking forward to seeing tonight
This RT : Whistle blew before the inbound, has to be two shots if it's on the level
In checklist talk at #dbw12, about "infecting" your office with this mentality. That kind of disease, my office can use!
Saw Les Miserables in LA last night & sat next to 's dad. Both the show and Justin as Marius were great!
thank you!!
But whenever Monday comes, but whenever Monday comes A-you can find me cryin' all of the time.. good thing it's Tuesday now! :)
Had a good time wit the #2Deepfam tonite whoop some ass in bowling and pool
Maybe we can start again..
National Academies Press goes completely open access today.
u never texted
Never said that. What I am saying is that United does not deserve to win or draw here.
Just booked Frankie Vega for Aug 1st Baltic Room! Watch out Seattle.
This sounds really interesting!
hope your well
follow me betch
man I know rightt! E need to make some more music videos soon (;
Put your fork down! Between bites that is…
we will save them!!! I'm taking one home with me
I heard that the American Airlines Arena isn't allowed to serve french fries - only cabbage. It's called Norris Cole's Law.
thanks for the heads up.
nah, it was a comparable sample. I just would have thought Hawaiians would better appreciate the plastic problem.
no my room is gray, black white and yellow!
Biking to work over Memorial Bridge and the Potomac River, past the Washington Monument, and past the White House is totally awesome.
Rules for nicknames: 1) You can't make one up for yourself. 2) You can't complain about any you don't like.
It took me 60 seconds to get bored of watching someone else play it. PUMPED for Skyward Sword though!!!
I miss your ass what have you been up to? :]
Man, I gotta get down to NOLA. Where am I going for Feb break? God's Waiting Room in Florida...
I thought I knew what love was but I didn't have a clue, I never found anything that makes me feel like I do about you. #nowplaying #you <U+2764>
first full bike ride to work after 5 months of no riding at all. of.
hey buddy!
Just grubbed on steak bites and caprese sticks at Main Event. Their food is delish!!!
#ELI2012 more Dede sustainability (hybrid), fidelity, ownership (adapted people take ownership) evolution
Still hyped from listening to Crunk Juice for the workout this morning, lol
Thank you so much!
Concert was amazing!
Ready for #AHAA2012 panel w
Exactly. How are you? I'm a bit crazed, but always good to hear from you. :)
Low moment. I've never felt as depressed about American politics. Not even during the horrors of the W years. Hope is in short supply.
Saved Me <3
RT: Good Morning!!! S/o to all women who are working to empower our community Happy International Women's Day!
This grocery store run is going to hurt, I haven't eaten since 11 am...
#BadNews I left Apple {Iphone4} in search of a new bestie that i always hold. So i have the Samsung Galaxy omfg its huge
True story
well don't wait to LONG, ha because EVERYONE gets less ATTRACTIVE as we get OLDER... lol
sad to hear about my "home state"... Despite being so "red" I'd though it was better than that.
Fueling your body properly has to start before the morning of your event, make sure you are fueling all throughout training!
Dress shopping... Not my thing!
John Johnson~ Men and women are limited not by the place of their birth not by the color of their skin but by the size of their hope.
I bet you guys are freakin out, I am too actually. love me some #bearcats baby (but not bball)
Ocean-themed Expo 2012 opens May 12 in S. Korea - Palm Beach Post
Accidents happen ;-)
At work dealing with the same drama. Why are cooks such bitches
just cooling wbu
Forgive me for not communicating but it was my birthday and someone poisoned my two dachshunds and I am now up to $4,500.00 saving them and…
We're certainly hooked on them! :-)
"Prom queens live on average five times longer than regular people. Probably because they smile a lot."
MERRY CHRISTMAS FAM!
What I am not pleased with: seeing an icky newspaper headline & fearing it's about someone you know.
Right. One fundamental flaw in current system is yes/no choices instead of decent/better choices.
whats going on thank for the follow. What city you in
“: Oh yeah check it out, WI jobless claims up another 2,159. #wiunion” || only state with that trend
Im so burnt, I look like a lobster.
excited for #ICFall11 tomorrow
yeah Miami was gettin dirty but Miami is always dirty and fake
it's an amazing play!!! Ruined is emotionally taxing but so incredible
I know you have almost #11millionfollowers but i'm sure #Someday you will follow me. Maybe today =) 53
Heading home!
Never have to worry about it again......sure don't
Success is how high you bounce after you've hit rock bottom.
My 8 year old son and his pal are being obnoxious as hell to the little girls next door ... and it seems to be working.
meh...I can deal with greasy hair. Unattached extremities coming out of food bags on the other hand.....
follow she bad
This tractor trailer driver that smacked into the overpass on the Henry Hudson obviously never saw the pilot for Louie.
": We are all beacons of light for each other. -Oprah"
Contains refined shea butter, aloe vera gel, virgin coconut oil, rosemary oil extract, rose geranium essential oil, and fragrance.
After watching Tinker Tailor the husband wants to read more Bond books. I wanna read more Smiley. That's so us.
OK! How's the little dipper?
It's fun to play a disgruntled teenager
Now is where you can ask us any question you want! We WILL answer. Post it on this status. GO!
florida garage, Indy. U want a set?
Right back at you! #RoseTheRiveter RT : Brainstorming sessions with can change lives.
About to go to my interview :D I am so excited~
I know lol
Math can blow me, swear if math was a physical being, she'd suck my cock and she'd suck it good.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation Names Christopher G. Stavros Vice President and Treasurer
Thanks Fumiyasu. YOU ROCK!!
Don't forget to LIGHT IT UP BLUE for Autism Awareness on April 1st and 2nd! Share your stories here!
Something to do, someone to love, and someone to love you. That's all we want
for sure we will! Being on a Saturday is gonna make it crazy!!!!
Did any of you cheap daters get crafty today ?
#mtv movie awards had a great line up tonight. Not sure if Twilight needed to win every award.
Damn it, I told myself I would practice after Flux and Doctor P, but now Carl Cox is on....ugh.
Double-dipping my falafel into the hummus. :)
#games The Drip Game
In bed by 7:30... I'm one cool kid.
#StPatricksDay fact. The green side of our cues means keep the food coming… That’s not luck, that’s #Tucanos coming to
I think I'm guna start being nicer to people :)
Enjoyed you in the show last night! Continued success with the run.
Ok girls, if you're going to hit the grocery store apres work out, do a stink check. It's gross when you smell like a rotting onion in line.
Nothing like Bob Dylan for a rainy December day-before-finals.
Practice with music director
Yes, but message was the same: Shop at Macys
Just thinking about it makes me sick ugh! :(
oh its nothing ;-)
J.P fuckn P
Getting Ready; On My Flow !
Corner of Silver Spot and Raw Silver, north section of the Silver Oaks subdivision, south of Galm Road, north of Scarborough ES.
I hate having a skylight in my room!
oh ok cause you can hear a lot of echoing
"We want a pitcher not a belly itcher" stopped being fun to yell at the age of 12. #rednecks on right have yet to reach that maturity level
nice job yesterday Matt!
Crazy stat on ESPN just now - by the time they are 2 yrs retired 78% of NFL players are bankrupt or in financial trouble.
never jump to conclusions with me, whatever you accuse me of doing probably isn't true
Good to know! Thank you! Also, how do I set up the MS? Do I need a new page where each image would be?
If i were to sell Customized 1D toms who would buy?! The shoes would be brand new obviously! ;D
I'm in 's building, peering into his window. That's a lot of action figures.
The mountain thats in front of me is enormous
So who thought this was over!?
Thank you to you too!
yeah yelawolf radioactive
I did! But I ended up picking the pink and gold striped. The blue was huge on me in the waist!
yup & yeah I know , but it doesn't even matter . Ahah it's not gonna happen ever again. We already know that ..
welcome to the life of us mere mortals Luke! Bet you wish you had a lighter bag!
S/O to all of my new followers! Thank you:-)
thanks we will be in town until sunday. would love to see you
If u give me a shoutout I will send ur name to Justin, Austin, Cody, Ryan, Alex and Robert BUT U MUST B FOLLOWING ME <333 :D
Lend only those books you never care to see again!
Ditto! We're out of Minneapolis. How bout you guys?
Oh, this sounds good but I have a 7am call time for shoot Sunday.
RT Who got a lone star card...?--i got an old one that's deactivated lol
well u need to go back to bed lol
Unfortunately, it is not. The city would not give us a permit as they'd prefer people pay the meters. It's only Mon- Sat 5pm
The updated Radio app is awesome. Looks to me like Pandora needs to increase their services
That last tweet was maybe four hours after it shoulda been. Meh.
I am seriously so happy to be seeing at the moment!! 13/14 year old me is def jelly!
do ya really nao?!
Oh shit Today is my Friday. Hopefully it goes dwn b4 work. Its not pink eye either
RIP, Kid. RT: We mourn the passing of Hall of Fame catcher Gary Carter, who passed away today at the age of 57.
right here ;)
#Rangers win, 3-2. Game 7 is Thursday at MSG. The series is tied at 3.
just saw a flyer on my fridge that says is playing in LA with #libythth and on May 5. THANK U TLEILAXU <3
im gonna make it my personal goal to make spelunking cool
Where did the last four years go?
Long titty no nipple having ass bitch <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I love it! I will show it to the owner and see if he remembers it; I must not have been there; I would remember!
Evacuate the city! RT : I don't mean to alarm you, but Kenny G is performing this evening at The Birchmere.
its written down on a peicne of paper in my locker
Why would you believe that? Oh yeah, the repeated things City Hall has overlooked in its deals....
starvingwriter82 on TWo plius two has no idea what hes talking about. Im webmaster and ask any webmaster, it doesnt take long
Why the hell am i marching instead of playing golf.
Buffy the vampire slayer with the most handsomest vampire in the world David Boreanaz :) so excited to see his beautiful self on tv
Anytime! Hope you can make it!
Thanks for the heads up. It may be a little tricky because of how slammed our schdule is right now. I'll take a look.
#thanks for the follow
Thanks to for the shoutout! Visit their site www.zazzle.com/beerponghero for the best quality pong gear out there
Thank you Renee at the Tennessee Museum of History for the Waylon Jennings CD.
well if you wear a mask no one can see your pretty face x)
ya'll the damn sap police!
Hello? Where is the tech support when you really need them....where are you ? Are you done with your Ardventure in Arduino?
No worries here. All in good humor.
The greatest thing in life is to keep your mind young
Watching Best Buy: The Big Box Fights Back on
Leehighhhhh! Guess I'll be paying attention to the tourney this year, at least for a hot sec
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." ~~ Thomas A. Edison
Family of SDSU student Barzeen Barzanji reflect on his life and their loss and share what they believe took his life. News8
you already miss me?
I miss you!!
or it could mean they have no time.
yum egg rolls and soy sauce :)
haha yeah buddy. Get you dem points
Cancelled my Backpack account today. Never quite clicked with it — a big todo.txt file and Dropbox works really well.
If you don't get your mind straightened out, you'll never get your life straightened out. U have to think about what you're thinking about.
Chillin w my girl at work..cum c me !!
What does it mean when Peter King is killing it on Twitter & NFL team who annoys me the most right now (Atlanta) didn't have 1st rd pick?
So sorry I wasn't able to make it to the #NYWIFT breakfast this morning.
Is showing up! Hehe ;) RT : Unfortunately success is only 1% inspiration. Now for the other 99% ...
“: My brother just made me touch his mustache” umad and jelly
Well im offyyy to sleep i love you so much <3 night babe (:
I hope you like the personalization on that one! We are almost to 100!!
Evening out w/friends in Palmetto Bay: Romanza 4 a gr8 dinner & the Comedy Inn. Crowd in waiting 2 start.
att hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter matt hunter 28
gearing up for a busy day, trusting God to provide.
so yeah, that is actually real candy on top of pink babo and creamy candy buba... #guilty of testing it in my mouth...
for the record, I was in VA for hurricane Earl, not Gustav.
Too sleepy to sleep
I wonder if other dogs think poodles are members of a weird religious cult. Rita Rudner
turtle look alike
wasssup..how was the weekend?
Its so funny watching Parental Control because they're all horrible actors
he was pretty beaten up. Watch the match, if you can. Worth seeing - better than Wrestlemania w/Rock
Today in general has been a good day c:
okk tell me when you find outt
RT IRL : Thinks pony sized cats would balance it, otherwise ponies take the cake.
Tell your friends to check us out!!
headed to #jazzflute practice, then later, sharing the news
Unfortunately I didn't but I'll try to ask around to see if anyone caught it.
Hotel TV mysteriously turned on and won't shut off.
greatest fucking country on earth
Editing an essay by that's so effing good it's making my hair curl. One excellent thing among many coming to
we're the 4 best friends that anyone could have
Worth a trick and a half? #seriously #needaction LOL
#thehawkgoeshunting what a cool piece-even as midi mp3-can hardly wait for the finished product !
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO !!!! you are one of the best friends I will have... EVER!!! I hope u have a great rest of your day!! <3
NHL: First-round preview: Rangers versus Senators With the resilient New York Rangers clinching the Eastern Conference title and the sur
who you talking to??
RT : Scott Walker has dead eyes.//Most republicans do.
Day went from bad to worse
sure was! Nice meeting you yesterday! Remember, #BeastMode is not just a nickname, but a way of life.
RT “: Great day to get money. #Ambition”
New song coming shortly. Just a quick song called My Apology to everyone who listens to my music. Its for you!!!!
People asking "Dude, how do I get your job?" Or their most common asked question, "You got any T-shirts?"
#WhyDoiAlways get mad when the girl I want don't want me?
Stories increase memory, interest & understanding.
Good chunk of change for Cindy RT : #dodgers are signing mark ellis for $8.75M, 2 yrs
Okay! This is horrible news!!
Rally Time Go Brew Crew!!!!!! #reds v
Spending my Easter weekend working....someone's got to do it.
and were also instrumental in observing these wild birds.
Going to brunch with the family.
#UWMProblemz The only thing that is preventing me from Graduating in the Fall is that UBS Capstone is only offered in the Spring.
one more final. then going to MDW to fly home for break :) and in other news ordering buses is a pain in the ass! so unreliable/frustrating
#IGetRealMadWhen I buy a drink to use the bathroom at public places cause it says customers only. Them when I come out I have to pee!
...I even have schwag for the audience at tonight's presentation.
You should join ::former MIT student:: (who's coming from your general vicinity) for the ride over!
Where could I send you some info about us, I think you would be into it
Today is going to be a great day!
Of course. And I didn't see anyone there mention Woody Allen, so congrats! :)
Tuning into Gentle Giant while I pump out some work hours. 1970s prog rock to the rescue!
We are sorry for the problem, there may be a delay in response, but you may email them directly at ^CS
#youcanttrust a female with ur credit card who can't #saynoto Gucci unless she buys u sum
You are right Darian, he just reminds me of the bass player from a season or 2 ago who I didn't care for. Always mean face lol
RT Mornin world....got a 1 week pass to that new LA Fitness in Glenside, I think ima use that. Niggas hoopin?
I'd rather see Duke lose more than even Kentucky!
Hahahahha will do (;
I think your the best and the most beautiful on the show.
Delays in the VX terminal bar at LAX. How many trashy drunk girls and ambiguously sexual men with ironic mustaches do I have to deal with?!
I'm kicking myself for using the wrong "its"
I just got back from an hour walk on the beach--I owe it all to you--thanks
Fuck I just wanna be with my mom :'( I hope she's ok...
sometimes i just dont know what to do... scared...worried.
sweet! see you there! where are you traveling from?
please get Fat Bob to join twitter
lol like I have any chance of being succesfull.
Can't wait for thursday ! #JerseyShore <U+263A>
I can't believe I made a Twitter. I don't know if I'll put much effort into this, but whatever(: Maybe I'll like it.
Grand Opening this week = clearance priced Greek appare!! Stop by today!!
xoxo. tell a friend.
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe Drones at NBC ABC CBS CNN PBS touting our wonderful president / dictator in training.
hey babe nice icon i have the dame button up. xx
: why would he support obama what does he think of all the stuff congress ndaa what would you liked asked to Michael Moore?
cmgeluk: #sla2010 enjoying our last in NOLA at Pat's...it's been great...really good conference and a great time in the city. Thank you ...
ALEC works with Corporations to write conservative legislation //Cos I want Wal-mart & Phillip Morris telling me how 2 live
"The kids aren't broken, they don't need to be fixed. They need to be loved, nurtured and taught"~ Quincy Jones
#AWD students, share your best tip for surviving the end of semester rush!
I like you.. Wait I hate you!! Bipolar much..,? No it's just called love
I've done nothing productive today.
I wish more people missed it. As Lentz said #bottlethrowingfridays only thing better is
duh girl. the drink is on the
As an #Aries your honesty makes you trustworthy, since people always know where you stand.
Make something tasty!
=) Your welcome
Feel like shit
Hope everyone has a great week! Help someone in need!
4 Feb. I'm done already lol. How is TI life treating you?
Think yo ass is slick
Presenting to the American Planning Association on the value of virtual environments on the collab design and assessement in urban planning
brewing my at home and snugglin with piper puppy. good morning :)
Would love to read more about your motherhood journey Both to debunk myths re:Black fams and...
Thx! I will look at that option. I may have to just cross-ref manually via the responses. Thx again for the response.
Holy shit, this is what I was waiting for.
The amount you tweet is not ok. :)
The only streets that have raised you are the flop turn and river
I hope the Hoosiers enjoy the shrine of mediocrity in Assembly Hall. We enjoyed making sure it stopped at 16.
That last from Marxist economist James O'Connor's 1973 The Fiscal Crisis of the State"
They did more than win a football game they brought a city together, figuratively and literally. That's what sports can do
Please note NSF staff AND scientists support open access. It's Congress + lobbyists who keep messing w movement.
Hope you had a good Tuesday.
Fav part of #ala11: Meeting Lemony Snicket and his awesome sense of humor. Signed my book "Best wishes & worst fears."
Is it alive?
Wuzzup my pretties.
exactly that's crazy
As a make-up artist, you should see the mom's tv interview. Looks like she faceplanted into bronzer. It's um... interesting.
if I had to stick Kobe, I'd probably cry .. just saying.
Englewood health clinic has no electricity.
I was going to start dieting a bit on this tour. But then I realized how much I'm obsessed with bacon for all the time.
RT : #LakersFans Y U NO CHEERING?
what size and color...check www.bitchimfrom.com
Friend of mine heard this today... "You think I want to go there and get TRAYVONED"? Yikes new word for gated community
9/11 will be never forget and i was 12 at the time i still remember like it was yesterday and watching it on tv
I saw that dog on 670 yesterday!
I hope everyone is having a wonderful Saturday. I'm thinking about going to the movies... What should I see?
Great thing about at 5pm on a weekday? No line!
Totally doing genealogical research for Mr. Ross Perot. #goarchives!
People who take forever in the drive thru really piss me off.
Post office PACKED
Follow me now on Twitter:-)
I'm officially in favor of concrete floors. As is Fritz. My shop is cool as a cucumber!
Creepily face timing people in the next room<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
he's amazing<3 what's wrong boo, got a man yet?
Want to thank all the people who came to my seminar on speedlights at WPPI in Las Vegas & for all the accolades afterwards See you next year
yeah, but still.. supposedly 4G and 3G provide the same speeds. It's the LTE part that is taking industry standard.
Wenesday is all about Pilates RAIN FITNESS. Mat Special ends Friday!
Daniels: Pro-Poverty! Idiot
Did you know more than half of GSA contractors are small businesses?
#RonPaul is a fantastic speaker and I think his ideas would work if everyone got behind them. The hardest part is momentum,
Thoughts on June beauty voxbox? Your favorites? What can we improve?
That's what the food industry wants you to believe!
I just got such a nerd boner for this sentence. A...noner.
the one common denominator in regards to platform is the internet, which will be the facilitator.
Come and Join The #Lala&General Show Lol
Dang it, Cowboys just scored again. They are ahead for the moment. We need Vick to the rescue again.
hagan you know you've missed me!!!!!
wish I could have been there. Listening to Savoir Faire on a Friday night.
Still feeling the sting of that #mubb loss last night at #garden30. Hopefully the team rebounds for the Dance. Fire up Marquette!
Right! Glad to be back. Twitter probably cut us off somehow. All's well that ends well... :)
Keep people at the center of what your library's about.
Sleepy as all outdoors
Lol not in Vegas? Where do you need that plane sent to?
Corn is reaching these students. "My mom has Moodymann records!"
I'm so sorry my interview questions are taking so long. Been crazy busy. Also, trying to make it a good interview :)
lasagna was on point. We'll call it a draw
Back to the whole "do a million different things to stay active keep your mind off of things..."
Google search on your site - Video Web Hosting Forums ..
...Thank You so much for praying !!! Hearing & Seeing People Helping Each Other...Strangers Becoming Friends-AWESOME
Lol i'll put it in my lunch box and be like "I'm watchin my yogurt"
you need one because you surely can't drive.
Very well said! It keeps one from being honest about what needs to change to make one self or situations better.
RT Today is Twitter #Followback day,the day 2 stop being anti-social, meet new people & follow back your followers;~)
All this Nike pressure on instigram
Congrats to #Kentucky on a great year.
ARTASTIC! FREE CHILDREN'S FESTIVAL is next SATURDAY for FREE in FESTIVAL PARK! Join us as we celebrate the culture of Africa!
Loving these TED like short talks w/sector thought leaders. Next up: of on moving from "funders" to "change makers"
Man its sad when u start to resent someone...
Thank you, much!
“ I wanna go back to sleep”
Sat., going 2 thunder knocking on my door, got some great seats thanks to my honey, Art Gore, the drummer in the play in mt Adams
hey girl! You live! I see you and your friends stopped burning and looting in London! Did you have fun? :)
Manchester City may very well win the English Premier League. Lifelong fan Noel Gallagher discusses #MCFC and his US tour |...
I also feel like taking a roadtrip
Straightening this hair then sleep. Peace<U+270C>
:) you guys are the best...not sure any of us who work for the program could have said it better...
Na I got yall man my bad I started buying too much tree lol but I got yall this month promise
it's not on till 830
Tomato...Tomato
Nothing is safe on the Internet
thanks for following. i actually have the rockie fresh mixtape on my phone still. def someone i want to work with still
Mild day in the valleys. Only looking for upper 70s - low 80s with plenty of afternoon sunshine/ Beaches?. . low 70s, just like the water.
I am hangover today... Did you know what this means!?!? :o
Happy New Year to everyone!
He's so sexy haha<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
Sub Chris Bosh
Yum! My fav....fast food for me tonight :(
put them in for half the time, stir, then the second half.
Nat debt is almost 16 Trillion, you idiot!
I trimed them up as well...
Kansas in July kinda sucks to be honest
Shabu shabu: pretty great after a day of eating snow.
II pop bottles because I bottle my emotions
#Bulls going for a must win tonight in Philly! We got this!!
My Quote of the Day - "Do not wait for the last judgment. It comes every day.", Albert Camus
#MoneyTeam all day.
its intended to be an antique hair pin.
Pol Chief Ramsey on death of firefighters Robert Neary, Daniel Sweeney:"It's hard on an entire dept, certainly the entire city"
Join us for worship in the Lounge tonight at 8 p.m.!
I guess as long as I'm going to be awake all night anyway, I might as well make myself something caffienated... maybe it'll help...
Go Bucks!!
It was nice meeting you Friday night! I enjoyed our conversation and hope to see you very soon!
Going to coco key indoor water resort for the weekend hmu
WINNER!! I caught the Free bus up the Nicollet Mall...sweet!
8 days until New Orleans. Can't wait for the
Hometown date: judged on family. Fantasy suite: judged on bendiness. Is the winner picked based on sandwich making ability?
RT : Chris Pirie: If you think PowerPoint had an impact on what you do everyday, you haven't seen anything yet
You'r noticed. Sorry it took long! Love you <3 For more I tweet you, I'll never get noticed by you :(
Everything in life is such a gift
"Much depends on dinner." - Byron
anytime:))) and ur welcome:)) i always follow back mahomies:)
TRUTH: Our wings are finger lickin’ good.
I love y'all
Science !!! Thank God Its Friday ! :D Cant Wait To Get Home And Sleep :)
What's meant to be will always find a way. ~ Trisha Yearwood
Thanks for the recent follow hope to fill you with useful advice
I swear, if Tim Tebow and Taylor Swift are actually dating, I will have a cow.
The Hologram Tupac freaks me the hell out.
"In any organization, someone must be the boss. If it's even just one person, you've got to be the boss of yourself."
not interested you spam bot!!!
I am getting the fucken shakes thinking about the RM and Munich match tomorrow!!! Fucken shakes!!!!!
ABDC<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> so excited to see my boyz again<3
School is not where I want to be right about now.
If Burgess Meredith had been Natalie Merchant's singing coach I'd bet she'd be able to hit more than two notes.
Taco Tuesday!
A must - try for yogurt enthusiasts.Low-fat yogurt, low-fat granola and including the season's freshest berries @ Friehook Bakery!
If this is what we've got, than what we've got is gold!.
Have a good weekend, everyone! Stay warm and safe!
#Shamrocks and Shenanigans is this Friday! Get your #StPatties Day Started Early!! Wear Green and get in for FREE on Friday!
Backorder“: Two coolest features at the amway center. 1. The out door bar. 2. Real pop a shot machines. we need both!”
T-Shirt time!
ill have a number 4
#Follow these Patriots!
Flying Lotus tonight. Should be rad.
yes. Its definitely a new fave
thanks!! I'm so freaking excited. Yeah, hopefully you'll be able to come next year :))
Wait no because that would inflict pain upon myself.
Really? I feel like Boombots are invading the world! I think a saw a mob of them crossing mission st.
followed, follow back:)
Interview at Menards tomorrow, thanks to !!
U play poker
Yeah, folks get nervous in front of those cameras!
Would love to see Louisville go all the way!!
to cool
Kinda hating myself because I'm really starting to like twitter.
The fact that full sail university actually has a degree in music business is the most perfect thing ever
obviously, Cyrus!
Guy shuffled his feet, but it did go in
Going to bed knowing you don't have to worry about anything tomorrow b.c it's all takin care of.
ohh.. duh. west coast.
lol I know silly
Most certainly.
I just installed the new Twidroyd for Twitter on my Android phone - it's free and I love it!
It is. I love me some Google Fu.
yo that lotus flowerbomb is my shit right now
hey thanks for following
not bashing DWade's non basketball flagrant foul like you did Jason Smith? Why not?
Hi Rupert. Do you know Nick? He seems to have gone into hiding.
At least they know what it is?
I always feel sad to see students leaving campus. Maybe it's because that's when I get really busy.
And you, dear!!
FINALLY! HA! CrossFit + zone/paleo has worked wonders for me in this past month :) RT : look at those abs.
It's a great selection of titles - my kids are well on their way.
her publicist said to the AP she did
Maddie shout out to they followers and keep you happy
Sorry to hear that! Try list application at greatplacetowork dot com if you have an inquiry about the 100 Best list process!
Kick off your weekend early! Come down to TK for Happy Hour from 3-7 and catch the Lakers @ Boston. Tip-off is at 5!
He's 17. That's called statutory rape.
looking forward to that coffee!!!
. No doubt--but credit to Google for doing the scans first (& agreeing to give them over)
d-nice rocked nyc at 1 oak sunday. going to mix it up today and listen to great house music at juliet.
that was diff. They were and prepared for that.
Yeah I saw those
omfg he's so hot.
F*cking Josh Smith. I would never want him on my team. The #Hawks really know how to piss away a good game.
Baseball player got kidnapped in Venezuela
i saw it ;) follow her ?
A single smile can make your day much better.
yo follow my bro cool af like my lil bro and he hoop go follow him
it was a joke, but u obviously don't know me! So plz dismiss yourself!
What cities do you recommend??
Summer dates are already being booked, RocRio in High Demand!!!!!
No matter how hard I try I'll never be good enough :/
Bernadette Louise Roybal: Truth is:: Think before u cheat sex for 1 nite aint better then love for a lifetime!!!
Black, no. Lmao there's was crickets when you said that.
all that work with OAuth and you’re killing the dish this early? :)
He gets pushed a little on this point in the Q&A -- only a little -- and has not a lot to say about it.
Did someone just say karaoke?
Were off, were off... were off on a mini bus!.
Going shopping with my mom and two sisters!
"I don't think you should call here and talk to me like that."
it was ok nothing special....we should kick it one weekend
Definitely going to have to rethink all this friendship crap.../:
- We LOVE high maintenance people! We think you should have your coffee EXACTLY the way you want it. Glad we could help!
Ha ha! I should've know mum would've seen it already. ;-)
good shit bro
done c:
Less than an hour until line dance lessons in Murfreesboro! Learn how to scoot your boots TONIGHT from 6-8pm! Yeehawww!
“I wasn't that drunk!” “Dude, you threw a squirrel in my pool and yelled ‘Sandy, Bikini Bottom needs you!”
The guys say I been winning lately but I don't see it
en route brotha! Can't wait for tommorow! I'll call you for the plan of attack
its not time yet anyway. and somethings dont last forever. including relationships
My thoughts and prayers are with you and your family...
where is the concert? (:
yeah it didn't save for me for some reason, we played Mission after that game right?
Tried to check in at the Noah's Ark rebuilding site in Maryland on I-68 and Foursquare couldn't find me.
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>Fat baby don wan no moe<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
if you need to confirm yr self-worth, observe others at the atlanta airport
We are!! Right across from the Rosslyn Metro. Come back, we didn't get to try you out yet.
What's the difference between dark meat and white meat ? Chicken confusing af
glad I'm not goin' to work tomorrow to see all the glum faces.
pure Genius!
#lessimpressivetoys My Illegal American Citizen Girl doll
Every four years we get to see a champion crowned in this town, after this fiesta bowl report we may see a championship team every 75 years
Tequila shots for everyone and a great night
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent."
: is the graduate school - great program!! Check it out:...
Whatever #nw dear john :'D
On their site says participating locations from 4-7 in commemorative cup. I'm guessing a smaller cup while supplies last.
Thank you.
"Defining myself, as opposed to being defined by others, is one of the most difficult challenges I face." - Carol Moseley Braun
Guess who the #2 online retailer behind is. It's (via )
I'm such a miserable bitch, I have nothing to live for anymore.
Terrific guest presentation by our chaplain on the Battle of Tarawa. He made it come alive for the boys.
No!!!!! I <3 Rodgers, Tebow annoys de crap out out of me!
Shoutout to building her followers at the video shoot!
Our team is headed to conference! Thanks for hosting !
The onfield digital graphics stink.
“: Summer Goal= Meet some new people” hello!
French Pres. Hollande's plane struck by lightning as he departs for Germany; had to return and switch planes.
Another 100 degree day in Tucson! Make sure to stop by #Naughtons for all of your cooling needs. Our friendly staff is ready to help you.
Be so strong that nothing can disturb your peace of mind.
“: Ew, seriously..? So gross.” Dead serious
An essential thing to express when you've been wronged. The most righteous anger is that of a child - little biased by culture.
8o can I haz in? Y'all waitin for the new one to drop or with 12?
Ray ban swag.
All packed for ! See ya in the am! xo
That's what I saw. Not conspicuous or anything.
so good to hear all the good news. yay for no puking! :D just got back from a short 'no media' vaca. feelin' good :)
#Instagram for android, what?!
Thanks James. Next time you're in NY, come grab some Ramen with us!
#OnceYouGetMarriedYouCant say my money because my money all of a sudden becomes our money
So long, #SXSW & Austin! I leave you with 2 ear wigs: "I'm leavin...On a jet plane..." and--"Back to life, back to reality..."
come on man his flopping led to the last 2 3's
Broadway is dark tonight
tomorrow! Super excited to hang with and peeps!
Fair and 77 F at New York City, Central Park, NY Winds are Variable at 3.5 MPH (3 KT). The pressure is 1020.5 mb a
I miss you already
Everyone wanted him! Lloyd is going to be so sad for like 2 minutes lol :)
ok Thanks!
Pitchmart....are you pitching?
Work is over! Woo Hoo! I'm going home and watching The Office on my DVR.
Court's on brief break in Werdesheim trial. Older brother still on the stand, prosecutor just finished his initial cross examination.
Have some headache patient today. Love making their headaches go away without drugs!
I don't wanna watch a basketball game! There is sports on every channel!!! UGH!!!
TEDDY BEAR TOSS or BUST!
Thanks! It's great to be included on that list.
went on a "blind" adventure in psychology...and ran into a trashcan, laughed at me :(
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way. - Baltasar Gracian
It is the lack of power that corrupts people. If you are losing power, then you will do anything to hold onto it. wisdom from Rakesh
": Season over." Id say so. Go MU!! Outhustled the badgers today! Mayo will be good for MU this season.
Tonight at 7pm - Opening photography tattoo exhibit, 1st floor ONeil as part of Love Your Body Week!
you need to go sit down I'm the biggest fan just deal with it lol..
omg, what is up with people thinking we're the same person? Lol
Getting topper's sticks from papa john's.
Shut up Alex I was from Cail foo and I moved up here tho
I am
#np odd future, bankrolls.
Fine, maybe that last tweet was mildly dramatic. MAYBE. :)
I can't believe it...so sad and so scary...
you can take the boy out of the Delaware Valley, but you can't take the Delaware Valley out of the boy...
I cried when I saw that this was trending. Grow up.
Wealth is not his that has it, but his that enjoys it. -- Benjamin Franklin
You are so, you know. ha RT : Making dinner and watching the game... at the same damn time lol
lol whatever.. you're not sitting in the AC with soaked clothes.. i mean soaked!
Only during 2nd period
If I die young burry me in satin lay me down in a bed of roses sink me in the river at dawn <U+E326><U+E326>
One more - you know when you find some unexpected time to yourself? How great is that?
Avoidance=FEAR
Steve Stricker's 71 is his lowest first-round score since he shot a 66 in 2001.
It was a really chill day. 31 more days till the baby is here and I couldn't be more excited.
I'm soo sleep
Gah.. I hate evenings like this. They're so dead.
who knows, I could eat some good lasagna tho
#brickcity make sure y'all check out that million hoodie march for #trayvonmartin tmorrow @ 11 #newark @ the courthouse
R train acapella group has clearly been rehearsing. Nice improvement gentlemen
hope you enjoyed your report & don't hesitate to reach out if you have any questions!
you're right about that. good yom tov
Playing games on my iPad, listening to music on my iPod, writing papers on my MacBook; all in memory of you #stevejobs !
How festive! When I saw the word "trimmed," I imagined something anatomical. Imagine my surprise!
This time next week I'll be on my #Melodifestivalen downer. Mr Saucedo best make the final #Sweden!
LOL!!!!! No wonder they "went another direction" lolol
Whatever happened to AL HIRT @ halftime???
we're glad you're having a good time! Let us know if you need anything. :)
Princeton from has his Mr Nasty Time . lol not that im complaining ;)
It's cold out there in Nashville!
(I didn't mean to thank goodness like that, but hey, why not. Thank you, goodness!)
My supervisor is so fake!.. She tried making convo wit me tryin to get on my good side... Bitch I don care about u!! Stop talking 2 me
i had assumed with a new infant you're now generally redolent of a stripper: baby oil and talc.
Newman needs to hang it up
Buzz, can I listen to you online? You and need to skip Europe & come to Orlando...
15 days #concrete jungle
as long as we are strictly talking influence and not talent/genius/etc. Beatles are not even in the same state
Brice cousin made a sex tape smh
The funniest thing my students did was run 2 the window & start catchin snow in hand. Immigrating frm DR it was their 1st snow!
whats good is you are playing for the pack!
Typing what you really want to say, then deleting it.
No because a charter school is always beholden to a public agency, no matter the status of their operator.
Whenever I manage to pour an alcoholic beverage into a drinking vessel without spilling, I feel like Tom Cruise in "Cocktail."
we use a pill popper on Have you got one of those?
What to do for the tickets?
Luckily, they don't Twitter...so no chance of spoiling the surprise. Unless, of course, they DO Twitter, in which case there's the surprise!
shut up
What did you think of the breakdancing documentaries?
#nowplaying blame it - jamie foxx;; damn I remember when that was the jam (:
Networking is good for finding out about things. It is NOT a good way to get a specific job. Not if the org is healthy. Agreed?
happy today
Bout 2 go outside
Roast Pork Loin with Pineapple-Siraccha Demi Glaze, Smoked Goouda Mashed.
The poor make-up man that received an honorary Oscar needs make-up. Irony.
Say Yes to the New Wedding Collection from Pinhole Press
I think I gained 15 pounds.
She bogus Af
Coach Litscher also said Sun Prairie junior Nick Fuller has picked up an offer from new Nebraska coach Tim Miles.
Hey Cara....just to let you know that our original recording is now up on iTunes (1 more to go in the next month). Cheers!
Enjoying a bacon egg and cheese sandwhich at
San Antonio: AM drizzle, m/cloudy, and breezy next couple days. Sunday chance of storms (few severe). Today: AM drizzle, m/cloudy, high 84.
Manning to Jets talk about to lift off.
no, but I love 's bier market garden! excited to go to a show there :) who is on that night?
I would die of i met him! RT : I'd be so jealous of you if you met nick!! I hope you get to meet me :)
Not to be outdone by Facebook, Myspace just bought a bunch of old pictures and disposable cameras from some hipster garage sales.
sorry we missed you!
again another holy bday :D not middle of this holy month man lol
Hi I saw on that we share 8 linkedin connections so I thought I'd say hello! (@ Century San Francisco Centre 9 & XD)
": that's dope.. Haha" what up Soldier. Hope all is well homie. Peace
Urban Roots screening happening now. 31st and Market Sts. Great crowd so far!
Watchin Americas Funniest Home VIdeos with my mommy (yeah I said mommy! So what?!) and crackin up lol XD
I love not going to school on Fridays
it's like you wont notice me.. ):
Oh darn, I was just sending mine over to your house. jk!
What's the most frustrating thing that happens to you on the computer on a regular basis?
what you giving up?
ok im out! peace and love, stay blessed and beautiful!
Uhg i hate this feeling Rightknow !"
Nothing like watering down the yanks/sox rivalry by showing a spring training game on
its ok, I was one of them criticizing Tello, hes a wonderful player but not ready to face real madrid as starting eleven
Every less than 10 seconds, I have a hiccup
Two more followers ! and ... you want to be those two?! <U+2665><U+2665>
My mom & I are overhearing my brothers conversation with some chick!(: haha
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 242
Thanks for the mention
where are you? Been looking.
Something was missing for me as the series went along but I'm going to catch up since I'm probably going to watch this Fall.
how was your first day going through the new station? (just curious)
truthfully I just want to get home.
Hi lovely babydoll! How r u doing today?
Brain storming what to do tomorrows Inspirational Gallery on. Any suggestions?
T1: I should clarify... "less satisfied about the care they receive while in the hospital"
This breeze outside is what drives up sales for that "plan-B" pill, lol
Rotton Wisdom "The Balance" album is Siicckk!!!!
I still love Spongebob.
starting the morning off at the
Pacers have to extend to three point lead and play D
I think I fell asleep before 10 last night while watching the Heat. Lol. Who won?
depends, if I'm drinkin', then black flag. If I'm just upindapunx then minor threat.
whatchu talking bout lady??
glad you got paid man. No more rusty fork. Great story of being counted down and out and proving doubters wrong
well, i know forsure there are 2 songs that definitely have that influence.
that will make one Chelsea Greenwald a very happy girl.
hope all is well sir!
Hahaha! When I had to email every black admin at OU to get that KCP...ugh. But I got it! Lol.
<U+2640>Dear Friend, Don't Visit My Past, I Don't Live There Anymore<U+2640>
#Directmail and #directmarketing is alive and well we just shocked it and the heart is now beating again. Thank you for your concern.
hey guess what... I love you! :D #Hunter for life!
Thanks for the shout, Jen!
So now when someone dies should we just say that he or she is "in the cloud"?
OMG!! My husband is on Twitter! Shhh... I'm following him. ;)
Keep us in mind if you ever have a automotive repair need. Thanks for the mention.
Boston College (Hockey East), Air Force (Atlantic Hockey), Miami of Ohio (CCHA) and North Dakota (WHCA)
dnt u rather be alone thn to be with the wrong company? i kinda do :-)
I have nothing to say... But I want to tweet!!!
born & raised in VB! Proud to call VB home Thx for following & be sure 2 check out as well!
Right? The notion of reality as tied to memory can be quite slippery even for non-humor writers.
Ah, you made it. Good! Epic indeed. Iron Man is a funny one, isn't he? Haha
What are your plans for the coming weekend? Spring break trip?
Thank you for the follow I hope to learn much from you. xo Andi
haha. I actually got excited for a sec
Good Morning Ladies!!!!!!!!
Yay for Morrison
not at all. like the look of the bulge
Its Friday, kinda. Anther full day of training tomorrow.
probably because mom likes and comments on everything
So cool to see so many school field trips visiting this week, packing in the fun before the holiday break!
Home from 2 days in the Rockies. Rested, renewed, & ready to meet the world.
Any guys out there taking part in MOVEMBER? Celebrate Men's Health with Patrick's Sunscreen!
Nothing more depressing than a group full of hopeless people. No will to battle, if not for their future, that of their children.
Oh yea Follow and
Facebook is being such a negative noun today.
Looking forward 2 opening of CIVILIZATION (ALL YOU CAN EAT) tonight at & chance 2 see Daniel Escobar onstage again!
That sounds pleasant. Hoping the lawyers are ready to go too. I know I am.
Today's celebrated was once tomorrow's news....have faith.
Can you hit me up with an invite please?
Hey everyone! i'm going to my sis Confirmation!!:D
#KateWalbert should be required reading for anyone with daughters. #AShortHistoryofWomen made me think. #TheGardensofKyoto made me weep.
Enerchía fact of the day: The word #chia is derived from the Aztec word chian, which means "oily."
thank you, and you as well :)
woe! Roman, YOU GOTTA LOVE THE
Promo MKE <U+2665>'s Milwaukee,WI. As many bad things that people say about this city, at the end of the day, it's home and a DAMN GOOD ONE!!!!
He's got nothing to run on except the social issues!
dear facebook, I'm sorry but twitter is slowly taking over. soon you're going to be like myspace...forgotten.
Thanks for the #FF and mentions Have a great weekend!
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for something you are not.-- Andre Gide
Hey Rowenna! Thanks for the link. I never knew about George Rogers Clark!
It is a curious thought, but it is only when you see people looking ridiculous that you realize just how much you love them. Agatha Christie
sean gold.
New homebuilder looking to improve construction efficiencies,communications? #FieldConnect Mobile brings scheduling tools + more to jobsite!
RT : People keep complaining about airline fees, but keep flying. traffic is up 22% in April
have been on twitter in dumb loong its good to be back on
We're setting a mechnical bull in the front of KSTP right now! Watch today at three to find out why!
It's more than I expected before.. I thought it would b boring..
We love you! Welcome to Liberty Plaza!
Congrats on bein drafted tonight. Still a great player. Thank god I don't have to face u anymore. U all ways light me up Congrats
#Broncos 5th round pick is DE Malik Jackson, Tennessee
If you are a #dropbox user are you tempted by #GoogleDrive?
hey buddy!
LeBron dwade can we get a big win tonight! Against Lob City la clip show!?
In Kentucky
WiMAX Forum Member Conference in San Diego, CA - January 18-22nd. Sunny, warm weather just one week away!
Wow! That's quite impressive!
Thanks just followed you.
Son of a bitch
When a girl tweets right after you did, And you know her tweet is about you.
It really bugs me when white girls act ratchet
I apologize for the excess invites. I contacted Facebook to fix
send me an email and I'll sort you out.
#OKC has basically no post game at all...
Wicked Fit & Glam Fairy Casts Reveal New Year 's Resolutions Feeling the pressure from all the New Year, New You talk? Relax! Taking step
Have a great weekend!
Thanks for the Mexican Logger! Tried it today.
take me with you!?
QUESTION: Do you know what is honeymoon? ANSWER: A short period of doting between dating and debting.
Of course Bridesmaids would put me in a better mood
WHODAT say gonna beat them colts?! THE SAINTS said that! bosh!
I lovelz you too cuddle buddy :D how are you tonight?
my wrist is still broken lol
OF COURSE the boys will be in New York today, what else is new?
your ringer is Palmdale. Frogs.
I agree. Me too
Finley caught the ball!!! Good sign for Packers
THREE WORDS If I lived in one of the condos/apts above the perimeter of The Americana in Glendale: GIANT SLING SHOT. Filled with rancid food
and I WOULD rather #Cincinnati get the fame over
Well, I know I have the legs for it ;)
Loll secrets secrets are no fun unless you share with everyone! Well, they accidentally have out bebos number.... Hahaaha
Shooting the interview with TDK AND THE OMG Girls @ in da mix live
Last forum of #ward5se went well at Israel Baptist Church. Was glad to be voted in "final 4" by audience to participate in debate portion.
Goooooooooooodmorning, Starshine. The earth says hello.
The site looks GREAT! And I'm so sorry, I just realized I misspelled your Twitter handle in my tweet! -Caitlin
Thanks now I do want some.
Having no #thanksgiving dinner today is aggravating
Check us out on Facebook! Facebook.com/zerodialect
nice to meet you today - will follow up when I get back to the ATL.
ringringalingling!! Hi Kelly! Thanks so much for the follow! #mofones loves yoU! talk soon!!
watching #coachellalive on youtube. its almost like im there...except im at home on my couch.
": ": Woke up and found out my #Celtics won" *thums down*"its *thumbs* dumb ass Laker Fan
How many times do you think the beer line, David Cross joke has been told today, at pitchfork?
why confuse people and leave out the "coaches" part of the poll name.
I think everyone should follow They rock... and plus they have their new single #Bombshell out on iTunes... go buy it!
Came back from China a few days ago, wow, like visiting a whole different planet-amazing place to see. So here I am, back to painting.
please follow me :) i love you !!
Holtby, I love you.
#FF0066 - the color of my sunburned knees.
If you are interested in being a bachelor for our next event, join us tonight at 7:30 PM for more information!
People living deeply have no fear of death. ~ Anais Nin
Certainly! Are you a one flavor guy or equal opportunity eater?
ohh, shut the hell up fagg! imaaa bitch slap youu. (y) dont get people calling me that again.
Happy birthday !
the world has a short memory.
What's your fave jewelry on a girl? Necklaces, rings, bangles, earrings...? #TrendsTues xox
For sure! And a lot of professionals don't know how to do it. Limits the # of students they can take on these days.
Mothers all want their sons to grow up to be president, but they don't want them to become politicians in the process
hey I need joes number. Gotta get my car fixed.
God is not a man that He should lie, when He says I love you, He is a holy God that doesn't take back His word. Come to Him
There was probably a death dream in there somewhere.
Insanity plymetric cardio and 2mile jog in a day...
Welcome! Still cant believe I did it. You'll be surprised how quickly you start to run farther. I was SO not a runner.
Someone come chill, house to myself tonight and tomorrow....
thanks for your kind words! We are developing a documentary-style DVD on Neurochemistry over the next year.
What do teddy bears and turkeys have in common? They both have stuffing.
if you think it's cool, then it must be. :)
Who wants a dream that's near-fetched? Howard Schultz
Mobile marketing is really result oriented and cost effective for marketers to see effective results.
Tracking is done! Now we just have mixing and it's aaaallll over
Thanks for the follows,
GM what's going on Twitter world
"Life moves pretty fast. If you don't stop and look around once in a while, you could miss it."Happy 50th Matthew Broderick (Ferris Bueller)
You have a good family right there, god bless you all. Xoxoxo ..Goodnight ..!
can't wait to visit again!
I would kill McDonald's breakfast right now..... But I'm pretty sure my body would hate me
amazing how cheap strip clubs r, there CD player broke, now I can't play CDs, I know they have the money to fix it.
Thank u for the referral! Can't wait to take ur headshots! RT : Love this - can't wait to see Maggie's shots!
"my lord, there is a jeremy davis look-alike working in the kitchen.. #mybodyisready"
Props to anyone who knew the name of the guy in the RV.
Start with 10,000 chips 340 players registered so far (great turnout) I have 9700 chips at the 50-75 level.
lol at the undiscovered love of rum
But soft! What light through yonder wind breaks?
I just saw an article about the Fortune 500 Top 20 and got excited. These are like Oscars to us Corp Comm majors.
Had a great way to end the night skyping with my boo :) I'd take that anyday. :)
i'll be in Buffalo then, sorry.
Day 2 of Surf Expo! Come see us at the Fox booth!
Wow! That's super cool, everyone loves Matt's hair tho. & I look up to u cause u both speak Latin & English which is amazing;)
Best job and industry ever! S. Africa sounds amazing! My boss will be in West Africa in 3 weeks.
well next time one of those cheesy Genesis cover bands comes to town I know who I'm asking to go with me!
and the updates keep coming in: 4 kids taken to hospital as precautionary measure on Leander ISD school bus crash. 61 kids on bus.
Six more weeks of Nordic and Scandinavian crime novels
Yes, I imagine it is part of the job to lie.
Such a great reminder Shelley!
So that episode totally makes me want to start running, learn to shoot a gun and cross-bow. Hm. This could be a new fitness craze.
Share your fav fish batter recipe!? We'd love to RT it!
having trouble convincing myself that Aubrey O'Day is a real person.
lets go with that....but you guys are definitely on my list for christmas(; aha.
63 days until I am hopefully back in Cali and add that my two best friends might be home at the same time I don't think I'll ever top that.
Thanks for clarifying!
Micky ward on stage w the dropkicks....srsly such a sick concert <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Alex can I get a follow back(:
Its okay. because Nirvana
RT : mayor mike coleman knows how to get the job done. GO MAYOR GO!!!!!!!!!!
Being in love with someone and only being able to be friends..
haha :p watch it on Netflix!!
How long will you be there? Swing by Simkasa for poker & bumper pool w/ P-trick & Dan.
My favorite thing to come out of the 1950s was deciding you could float any protein you had on-hand in mayonnaise and call it "salad."
Good morning for you and good night for me haha :)
I can't believe you are treating me like this..
SUCCESS U GUYS! there were MOAR DELAYS, but we made it home about 1 last night :)
I'm sure a five spot will jog her memory :-]
ive gone crazy, cause there are things that ive seen i dont believe.
My grades all goodgood (:
Daughter had to build a fake $50k portfolio for class. She bought $20k of SBUX. And the went up 10% today. Rest fell.
Quora's "Ask to answer" feature is pretty great.
my february trip is to dallas to see my team play in the super bowl. are you doing that with your team too?
RT : When you hear SOUL II SOUL's 'KEEP ON MOVIN' in FIVE MINUTES, be caller 10 to 239 1067 to WIN Holiday World passes.
Are you coming tonight to our Holiday Shopping event? You should! Specials on products, services, prizes!
with that said, I understand media don't have the same trained eyes as NFL scouts.
Just bought my first pair of jeggings <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
well i'll take a GKY. group. kill you. k. BYE
Came home from bar to find sitting in a dimly lit room, reading the collected Jack Gilbert aloud to himself.
One more day till the classic!!! Get you votes in for who you think will win! Winners get a free LITL decal!!!!
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure its worth watching. —-Unknown
a lot of clanging
To want to be what one can be is purpose in life. ~Author : Cynthia Ozick
Well I cant wait till the voic tonight, maybe Christina Aguilera will be nice.
MT Thanks for supporting ' bid effort, agreeing we'll help restore financial stability to community
Ready for the day to be over!
of course they are because parents have to protect their kids more in these times. It isnt like it used to be.
RT #NothingFeelsBetterThan being a black man that is out here doing positive things instead of negative things. ---> Love it!
Both of you ladies inspire me --> RT : You inspire me Me inspiras for all the good u bring
He's freaking impressive and occasionally acts as my conscience.
dance around a pole wearing flower headbands? sounds like fun!
Work, work and more work.
#IWillAlwaysLove and be a #mahomie till the end <3
Lose Your Way has been a daily listen thanks for the vocals!
“: Virtual insanity! I want my floor to move like that.” hell yeah!!!
Melo is a great individual player - arguably the best scorer in the NBA. I think #KNICKS should trade him 4 another team-oriented scorer.
First time i can ever think of a SummerSlam falling on my BDay Aug 14th I will be seeing it in style!
What's there to do? I'm bored.
Nothing says teen pop song like CCR's Fortunate Son. Because its so a pro America tune to get behind.
It's hilarious when someone posts a FB photo showing off their body but write some baloney reason why they r posting it to not seem vain
ha! whats the excuse for every other day?MT:some nxtbus predictions may not be available. Remember Metrobus is running on Sat schedule
why so late lol
Wake up LA! Tune into KTLA5 and catch tear through the Factory and Visitor Center ... Here we go!
thanks for adding us to your list!
Writing my grandfather letters >>>
Thanks for the follow, mate.
haha nice :P
I got a bag of lettuce for lunch today.
It's weird how I have this one script I wrote that everyone keeps telling me is really commercial and I keep thinking it would never sell.
#vsa2011 First comedy with Steve Bitgood now on to A Critical Look at Our Models of Exhibit Evaluation
Yay! Hi there, lady! So psyched you found us! Join us for our pasty project?
It's a down payment. I'll defer to Wilbon here though, not all, even in bball/football should get paid.
Only a few assignments left.. then studying, finals and BEACH!!!
San Fran has nature? the fuq?
LOL Wat the crew doin for St. Patrick's day?
hell yah i dont know why there are so many!?
Why is it that writing parsers always takes 10x longer than you think it will. All the edge-cases and error handling creep up on you.
At McIntire for the second time for a CUb Scout event- kids are excited
Katy Perry you're not Audrey Hepburn.
Some great ideas coming from #sschat Best advice? Make sure students enjoy it! It's an accomplishment afterall.
Thanks for reaching out. Very open to that! I'm rather () international minded...
Thank you very much! Let me know your opinion.
Thanks for the RT, as always.
I'ts not what happens to you that determines how far you will go in life...it is how you handle what happens to you.
Just closed out a 10
Let me sing to u will feel better. I would love to send you some free recordings of mine mp3. just message me your e mail address. ENJOY J
yes, we were crawling too. Mystery T-jam?
Facetime with Terry and Kira (my dogs)... like I give a...
Omg. The Finder is cancelled! Oh Well.
What hill gals are the most fashionable???
Enjoy it! :) Happy Friday!
that place is so freaking awesome!! Great food and and awesome decorations!
Gmail Is Down for Some, But Google Hasn&#39;t Said Why
It seems like I was just getting accepted into the gifted program in elementary school, & now I'm already graduating from HS. Time FLYS FAST
No plans but im excited cuz its the weekend :D
ELI manning ... Wow
was up to my eyebrows in extensions today. I'm pooped!
Hey everybody go follow who knows maybe he'll follow you back, he did for me :)
searching for a QA Supervisor in Arkansas
are u advocating 4 more enforcement of rules of the road 4 bicyclists? 1s I've seen r not very good @ obeying them.
NEVER SAY NEVER <3
ok $300, i used them at cod xp and didnt notice good enough quality for such a price
greatly appreciate the follow! Gotchaback:)
Need to go get my hair done..
dood that mom was joking with you :P haha but yeah dood where did you meet that girl that you said is your gf in yur twitpic
#Kings offering “Black is Back Pack” starting @ $199- 4 games against the last trio of #NBA champ teams, MVPs & the reigning scoring leader
Editors- BOHH says
Protesting Even!
Figured out I can just send myself links to articles I want to read from the Cheating? They allow for it.
All experience is an arch wherethrough gleams that untravelled world whose margin fades for ever and for ever when I move
Yay 9th circuit court struck down Prop 8 -- I'm still married!! :-)
why did the chicken cross the mobius strip? to get to the same side. you've been POMPED son.
be back later bitches lol
#HillerHelps - In #CollaborativeLaw your team includes your attorneys, financial professional, family therapist, etc.
RT if you will be attending Lynyrd Skynyrd (the season opener!) on May 5th!
Come learn more about NMAP with American University students tabling today inside Mary Graydon Center from 11am - 2pm
Lies! I'm the best disc golfah around. Whatchu kno bout
Q4 Can't think of a volunteering experience that wasn't in a library. Maybe I need to diversify.
Making my money and being successful is my main goal.<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E> Which come along with the happiness <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Working on my weekend to do list. Sticking to it I get tons done....
"Patience is the companion of wisdom." - St. Augustine
Kristen, Puppy Power activate! Form in the shape of lasers with cancer-fending abilities!
“ #Np edge of glory - Lady gaga”
I don't think NIT is worth much more than postseason practice, not sure why we've all decided to flip out. Reason why they aren't top 64.
Got Twitter Reach? Help us spread the word about the Maritime Ghost Conference fundraiser for the Maritime Museum of San Diego this Sept 15
Love to! When do you have time for a Skype call somewhere this week please use PST time, my skype is klaas.lameijer.
I hope learn about your wish about a MOOC platform - hopefully we can catch up in Vancouver... Hope you survive the heat in AZ :)
I havnt forgotten either!!!:)
and #ManU is on espn2. They have it twisted, I believe.
I love Sam malvey so much..like legit. She the sweetest but craziest girl I've even known love u(;
of only the didn't close at 9!
Will you be at TEC next week? What time are you arriving?
8:30am tomorrow we are doing a walkthrough of a potential home for the Institute. Fingers crossed!
Fear is carefully crafted. If it's not good grades, it's good credit. Fuck the world.
what? It's like 70 degrees today...
Hey, I did get your DMs and I just emailed you (). Looking forward to chatting!
Great #nogijujitsu session with #gabrielrainho at #combatcompanyrichmond this morning now for a well earned rest day
Your historical journey has cracked me up today. I would photoshop that line on some stone tablets but i don't have the time :)
#sexfact round1 can be disappointing. But round 2 is phenomenal. Round three can get u sprung
So grateful to for reminding me of the immense value of taking Imperfect Action. Divine leads need room to evolve/be refined.
Waking up.. Remembering Every Thing That Happened This Day 10 yrs Ago... 102 Minutes That Changed America #RIP For Those Who Risked Their Li
Same here. You and the others made Toy Fair helped make Toy Far a really good experience for me.
Burns Drugs La Jolla has a ton of St. Patrick's day themed gifts, among other fun items. Love the neighborhood feel of this store.
Fuck I forgot all my awesome tweets. Damnit.
the deed is done. Honestly they are perfect haha.
i loled. jello sucks when you is old.
TWITTER THURSDAY MARK DIS SHIT DOWN AS A SUCCESS
mister cee blessing kats ear drums as usual ...
Just had a margarita with chips and queso at Applebee's.
Busy bee... buzz!!
#tweetsfromeveryyearsince1996 RT : It's a little sad to see Erick Dampier out there. Mobility is so limited...
YES. RT : This moment is more precious than you think.
Going over my master to do list. What needs to be accomplished in the next 21 days?
Definitely! Keep up the great work guys!
right, but they could cede control of one night apiece to stations. on each to make it feasible and promote.
People inspire people
YEAH i remember the one Crab dropped or the 8 Finley dropped out of 9.
feels you 100%!!! Let's be mrs b to let us all back in!!!
1hr left to RSVP for Big Barrel Wednesday. Email to get on the list. 7-8pm FREE Beer. First 75 only!
Mayor Villaraigosa: "indifference is unacceptable"
So sick of disappointment.
I did
hey you should meet He's on the eastside too! Awesome guy I used to work with ! :)
My eyes are too tired to import, edit, & upload pictures. This is a true sign of my exhaustion.
going back to work,yipee .
Get out and Vote,... this is a very important election!!! Please make a difference.
Audio just went out for a
including some of purely defensive spells of play!
twitter convo since you dont like to text ! how was your day?
"Is the Resurrection of Jesus an appropriate topic?" (for a 5-7 page argumentative essay on a current issue) #AmbitiousStudents #WHAT?
If you'd like to know what spilling an ounce of body spray on yourself smells like, come by the Archives. Smell the fail.
how nice!
Interested in writing for The Sporting Rave Network? Email to get started.
It's funny how distant two people can become, despite how close they used to be.
Georgia is still as backwards as hell. School gave out math questions and incorporated slavery references. The principal defended it.
If only every fake bullet hole sticker could be replaced by a real one.
they wanted to shut us down but the whole teams here #bringitback #mop #gangstarr #premier #BOPPO!
Blown away by 's creativity, talent, and thoughtfulness...
Just posted: "ARE YOU FEELIN' LUCKY?" - Dustin Hoffman wants to know
Happy Easter~
I think my gym teacher just plays his music really loud in the mornings so he doesn't have to talk to us.
whos down for the late night booof??
hello!? That's offensive to me too:P
i feel mentally incapacitated due to lack of sleep and a cold.
I'm kinda happy I didn't yell out to that guy, then. Awkward! :)
Love your friends and every minute of ur life you never kno when it will end
I agree. Shorter #inaug09 tag easier. I like use of #dctrip09, too.
People around the Houston Rockets organization say the "primary goal" for team during the offseason is to land a star player.
We had a wonderful time in Michigan. Zingerman's better than we hoped it would be. Gameday atmosphere was fantastic.
Love that they are re-running the #UMass TV ad w/ reading 's first book! Thanks for the plug, sir.
I NEED MOREE FOLLOWERS ,
lmfao how cute!
Rangers involved in a close game? I find that surprising.
Well done, well done.
Selena Gomez is prettier, more talented, and has more followers. (she is sorta-kinda my idol)
oh my life
Just home from a read-thru of a family drama titled Thicker Than Forget.
any chance USA could host the FIFA Club WC? Miami, LA, and Dallas could be great host cities for a December tournament.
you're kidding right that beef was amazing Ham was good cherry tort was amazing.. you're dumb
#France is sending 600 liters of serums, 600 pain treatment kits and 200 burn treatment kits to victims of #Honduras #prison fire
oh wait, I get it, back on Twitter! Lol welcome back!!
: JOAN RIVERS JUST PUT SOMEBODY'S CELL PHONE IN HER PANTIES. #BillyontheStreet Creepy tonight!
thanks! looks fantastic!
Forfeit the game before somebody else takes you out of the frame and puts your name to shame- Name the Linkin Park song(:
you know now you have to tell me what song it was on...
Time to take a break...
Tell the demon I say "hi".
Just search YouTube right quick and tell me which beat u wanna use.
YOLO = you obviously lack originality
Sorry you are bored.
aww sweet thanks babe,,ohh i need to go ..talk to u again ..when im on..
I see your star you left it burning for me
:2 bridesmaids dresses I need to get this month!! <--- Awe!
let me know when your 2011-2012 bball shirts go on sale...i will be ordering one then.
SO JEALOUS. I've always wanted to get in there. I think you might just be my idol.
“: They both made more money then any one of us will ever see in our lifetime , who's the real losers here? lmao us.” true lol
It's easy to say by looking at records who will be in the NBA finals, but the last time it was a lock out a 8th seed played for it all
Im up for no reason.....i need to be back in the bed.
Not much... Reeses' Piece :D
“ Happy birthday ” Thank You!
GYROS FRY PEPSI
Hey, that's not Chop!
RT : USA scores a goal to go ahead of Algeria 1-0 in #worldcup - can they hold on in overtime?
REMEMBER, Lynchburg College's graduation hashtag is #LCGrad. Here's to 500 graduates, ready to change the world!
Meeting officially adjourned!
Enlighten the people, generally, and tyranny and oppressions of body and mind will vanish like spirits at the dawn of day.
Monster rehab!
Aw luv u too!
rooftop VIP tables ain't no fable
I am un chien Andalusia I am un chien Andalusia I am un chien Andalusia
And why did I think I'd be ready for the Mercer Island half marathon this morning?
Straight men are so disgusting when they turn around to stare at a woman's ass.
Oh, and congrats on ACLS fellowship! (Just saw; I'm behind on everything apparently!)
Lol im going to hit my head against a wall if somebody that i used to know starts playing.
I think it's about time I post up a new design! It's been too long, sorry for the lag.
Just bought "freshwater boys" while on a mini-vacation in Grand Haven - it is even signed. Thanks for your hard work!
and their shall be a war that engages ps3 gamers vs xbox gamers and see whose best O_O PS3 PS3 PS3
Easton, great to be connected! Matthew
BAsketball today(((::
Touchdown #Bills... Finally!
Love you too... Thanks for keeping me in check... I am still good and going strong. Hows the marathon training coming?
It is Alabama's Library Legislative Day 2012! Get ready to get your geek on! What do you geek? I geek chocolate!
U up
As we tweet, we must turn the "subtweet" around to ourself to see if we do the same... Learned that from - lol
I miss you too punk!!!! How ya been??
Ran Across great information on IDEA Health & Fitness Association!
YOU DID WHAT???
In the future if I get the hairbrained idea to want to upload tons of HD video remind me again not to. Shit takes 4EVER!
definitely not that nice. I bet you can get something nice in west humbo or Austin! :)
Seaside early in the a.m.
Anything for my gal! Although, when a man is cooking meat on a fire...he is in caveman mode.
you at work man?
I am surprised that the Obama campaign is letting out the Bain attack on Romney so early in the campaign
Yes JAH! DO it
cites studies that show access to school library w credentialed librarian offsets effects of poverty
damn son..I can't believe Mariano Rivera's career is probably over
working for Konkle star today. About to head into work
I must be south of Norfolk, cuz people just got friendly!
I have it just waiting for your address.
Did you know SIRI was a SXSW Accelerator in 2010?
coding up forms on #appengine; django goodness makes it mostly a matter of wiring
Just woke up with the most lovely voice ever heard and on The Most Charming smile I ever Saw<U+2665> Can't wait 4 2moro
cool friendship guys?
Games like yesterday's 13-2 blowout make me wish I owned a bocce team instead.
Rick walks better in heels than I do. Lol! I'll date u, Rick! Beat it Caroline~
u no longer at Sobe Live?
I'm on restart número uno. oh boy!
- Smething wrong with your 'stream' Jim? There's a pill fot that. LOL
I actually physically hate emotions and feelings.
eeeew Cueto! Reds are looking solid so far
You are not kool unless you follow She's dope
#FollowFriday for all of their support and everything they do for us.
That would be excellent
Hi Jim, as a melanoma survivor, I am happy to see this reminder to everyone! Thanks and don't forget the sunscreen
I once complimented a guy's vocabulary. And it seems to be working out.
oh my goodness are you in WA??
Golocal Chicago launch party tonight! At Chicago bagel authority! 7pm, 10$ at the door gets you free beer!
Its ok to make mistakes in social media
LSE believes that strong marketing & branding DRIVE PR. If interested in working with us, please contact us at:
We are going to be out in midtown and downtown today. Hit us up if you want to join or renew!!!
thanks, jason!
Double checking to make sure we ordered takeout from Luigi's, not Waluigi's. THAT would suck.
im back :P
Go To Team's Tom Wells shooting promos with the cast of MTV's Teenwolf tonight on the F3
Let ur past make u better not bitter
RT : Don't care if you're not a photographer: Tell us about a photo you LOVE - and why you love it. Send via @ reply.
Damn today was not good. i ate four burgers and like a Heck load of chips.
Appreciate you, my followers. Thanks for sticking around. This account just needs ALOT more followers!!!! RT and help me please :)
Insanely good, relaxing day. Le sigh... Sweet dreams for me tonight!
it looked legit to me on the TV
I heard it was really emotional
wait, are you in los angeles, today?
we're trying an experiment this summer. no tv for the kids all summer. we'll see...
Best business advice from = relentless incrementalism. Use small steps, and never quit.
Seriously. It should not have been a tough call. Toney Douglas may be the worst, chucker-est starting NBA PG I've ever seen.
#100kstrong Congrats class of 2012. Its just the beginning. Go Bengals
TWEET ME AM BORED:
You've cat to be kitten me right meow.
I'm an extremely picky person.. Which doesn't help at all
The ending gives me chills everytime
bleak spectrally shifted organ lounge music in montreal. and a purple hotel.
Great! Bring some friends!
Big Dreams & Rhyme Schemes.
Hahahahaha avocado is trending now... here come all the avocados..
Good luck in your job search! If you want to tell me what you're looking for/where, I'll tweet it to recruiters. (Worth trying.)
It's amazing how much damage can be done, when you have nothing but good intentions.
I'm so tired, I want to quit life.
Businesses that don't want their images pinned should put <meta name="pinterest" content="no-pin" /> in their meta data.
Woohoo! RTInspired by mobile technologies sessions: qr codes, apps, 4sq, mobile walking tour, oh my!
Will the IA/MN game be replayed on BTN this week?
You doin too much! Chill out because you don't me.
I just wanted to thanks everyone for being Dianely's fans! You all Rock!
": Who's Online With Me? <U+2764>(<U+25D5><U+203F>-)<U+2764> ReTweet This Or Mention Me If You Need A FollowBack!" Follow mw back sweetie
I would have, but im on the desktop and can't reach the screen, plus my mom is home
Thanks for the support!
MusicalStop.com lowest prices on the net for Indie Artists! Do a lot of marketing? Return Customers receive lifetime discount!!!
A hitter's impatience is the pitcher's biggest advantage. -Pete Rose
that's me! Lol
The seeds don't stand a chance, SquE-Z!
For Mizzou it's somewhere between Everton, Aston Villa, Newcastle, Fulham. Teams that hang around always but can't win
Happy to sponsor tonight's #SharkTank live tweet -- best show on TV!
www.5starlimos.us book your #limo now we have unbeatable prices
still sobbing from it and the promo. to be honest
Nope. Although Frankenstein could be considered science fiction, or may anti-science fiction, the term hadn't been coined yet.
S/o to the beautiful
#TheGrove on Mother's Day = bad idea!
I can think of nothing better to drink tonight than a Lagunitas Imperial Red Ale. M...
I agree. Great place. Did Bella make the right choice?
Yes. Thoughts of sun and warmth. RT : Mariner's game soon? Cc:
Thank you Spear and Mission, you do like your pies! See you back next Tuesday.
unfortunately we don't have it on right now. Keep your eyes and ears open for it in the fall.sorry!
Honesty want to jump off a cliff right now
My parents have finally decided to get air conditioning in my house... It's been 17 years with just fans!
Wears a short dress, she gets hate. Wears a long dress, she gets hate.
If you're OK with increased taxes, education failing, roads & bridges crumbling...vote Republican. At least no marriage 4 "the gays" right?
Thanks for your kind tweet. I'm truly humbled.Thanks again : )
it's and the sun is still out :o
Hoping to return to inspired for action!
is too good for any stupid curse... Even if he gets it he will break through.
All is good here, Ms. Snitty. Laying low and taking online courses. It's good to see you!
Fuck I'm doing awake?
Patio Furniture: Recycled Furniture Buy New-Alera VC41FG10G ...
Yanelis;And Who Is Your Favorite ICONic Boy And Why ? :)
welcome cafe 41 to nyc and Twitter :) try one of our slices, I would love to hear what u think!!
I know! I've been waiting for a De La Vega for feels like forever. Could be due to tearing through Cascadia/DLV in 2 wks in 2011
Chaos Theory?
The reason they call dry food "dry" is because it dries out the coat, skin, organs & all. Never feed dry food to a cat.Causes kidney failure
Getting ready for a long week I had a great weekend wit my grown babies I be missing them when they gone
impressive wound, what happened?
I probably don't want to know
I miss u sis
Hi Jenn! We can definitely track retweets (& for way cheaper than R6). Let me know if you have any questions -
RT/tinamontana601 R U looking one on twitter, What about Your church should be full of women dressing modest. It's a commandment from God
- you are welcome, I'm looking forward to your tweets.
60 sec. fade a nigga in violation RT Lets enforce it! RT : you own the word swag from here on out
hahah. :) what does that mean?
see ya tomorrow
Today's black film of the day is "A Gathering of Old Men." Great film & a great book as well.
Bored so I think I'll watch the wire
I respect girls who are heavier than others that rep like they're the baddest bitch in the world. They can see the beauty, why can't you?
is it just MS problems or you have other unnecessary BS going too that people are putting on you when they know they should not ?
Anytime! We had a blast! RT : Thanks for hosting!
:O i was jk master
i like "fanm pa m nan"
Like John Wayne said: There is people at the head of charities getting the most of the money. While the cause gets little help and money!
I highly doubt that you can stick to that...
Belgian chocolate 4 the holidays. Because fruitcake is gross. Now carrying Cote d'Or, Dolfin, Galler, Leonidas & Nirvana (in blueberry!)
youre in love with kota you just dont admit it
christmas movies al night (:
yay! I'm guessing its been a long day. I'm not home until 6 or so tonight. Enroute to the airport for my flight.
I'm A Vet No Pets Bitch.#ItsProblemsHoe .#HoeGoHam .
The notion of incremental change (in the library fuel) is a loosing proposition - Matt Poland, Hartford public library
Everyone went somewhere so here I am alone .-. hearing noises.
You should keep your promises no matter what!
The "walk of shame" is just a term for girls. For guys it's called "the parade of victory"
Haha thank you for that reminder! :)
At very least they should experiment with occasional dirtcheap nosebleeds, see what happens.
I haven't had a txt in 2days. Line been dry
What Is MY morning playlist? Today we have Billie Holiday, Johnny Cash, Dean Martin, and
It is beyond sexy to watch a man dive face first. Chin glistening and whatnot. Whew, lawd! *fans myself*
it was a pleasure to chat with you earlier, thank you.
Everyone's afraid of something, that's how you know you care about things, when you're afraid you'll lose them.
RT Rupert says he went in back door of 10 Downing Street to "avoid photographers." Well that's rich.
"Oh, you ARE here! How are you? Y'like it here? Staying caught up? Great! Want a raise?" "I, uh, wouldn't say no to one?!" "GOOD ANSWER!"
Did i legit just change my name?YES YES I DID.....
RT : Top 10 Social Media Events that Shook the World: 3. Wikileaks, Julian Assange, champion of free speech or criminal?...
Forget your sign...what's your #approval rating?
This is painful
#ZaynIsFlawless he really is.. We need more guys like him.
Hi there! If you have a space in a cluster unit at DHSI, let me know... Thanks!
Romney wins control of political Hindenburg. She's all yours, cap'n.
50% off your favorite puccia!!! See u there
Vodka and RedvsBlue and lots of chocolate = My epic Saturday night ^____^
GoodMorning.... Any plans for today? <AB
follow me back and yea,YOU ARE GREAT !!!
I don't wanna study for trig ugh
I'm trying to make some kind of geographic sense of this.
Idk, Is She There?
Educators-only event at #Museum on Wednesday, 1/25 @ 5 PM. Staff will present the new Teacher Guide materials. RSVP
I say no when Dora asks for my help. THUG LIFE. s(<U+FFE3><U+3078><U+FFE3> )z
"If you do what you’ve always done, you’ll get what you’ve always gotten.” – Anthony Robbins
say what bro? :/
Yep:) I Love Them <3
you don't have to tell me. :)
#sla2011 Pearlstein---SLA competencies need to be incorporated into library school curriculums
PROUD TO BE A MOUNTAINEER #WVU KEEP IT UP!!!
I think it funny how there's so much pressure for a reel but nobody watches them. #truth Testa/shaner, they never watch reels
NFTC is this weekend!
awesome congrats
Good morning tweets starting in France now courtesy of and And here I thought the night was young.
And you too!
Marathon is this Sunday. Nerves starting to set in....
Well, I am planning on bringing some cookies to you for tomorrow's class. #history + #chocolate = happy
How many of you die-hard bible and church believers never read the bible? Read the bible for yourself. Some people lie about bible info.
#NP With Arms Wide Open~ Creed
Just dm'd you...should I plan on not coming?
Thanks to Mr Hill and everyone at the Scotish Rite theatre for giving us a tour and letting us use your stage!
Freezing cold? Yuck. Overcast, but feels muggy in East County.
- Do you want to offer your customers the chance to win 2 Courtside Seats for the Bulls vs. Heat game March 14th @ the UC?
French press is the only way to go...somehow I feel as though I'm making Juan Valdez proud!
Girls and I got caught in a drenching downpour. Yuck. Meeting a friend for drinks tonight.
keep lions def in today? As wisconsin news reports "they are going to try to take down the giant"
Oh boy. Can't wait.
it looks pretty hilarious! But work duty calls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
lol nice username. Glad you took the time out of your day to make a hate account for fans. You must not have a life....
bullied em in the game we won this season.......packs the paint with ibaka and perkins?....denvers bigs were better.
Excited for the #oscars!!! Can't wait to see my favorite actors on the
. Big data. Consumer health. Startup. Disruptive. If these get you excited, pls. ping me. Looking for a passionate CTO.
how about in England?
Returning to the airwaves today after a day and a half of snow days - tune in at www.suffolk.edu/radio.
I hate to say it but America is in its last days. Say hello to the North American Union. (Canada/US/Mexico).
Don't succumb to "booth envy" -- most small companies should get only enough space to suit what they have to show and their staffing.
On American Idol 2 of these 3 should be in danger - Joshua and Heejun. Probably only one will be though.
yet ppl with real #green energy solutions like t/don't harm environment get
I'm at Costco in Toledo.
you flew around the bases after that long shot!!
Ok Michael Imperioli we get it, Patron is for "those rappers with baggy jeans" and 1800 is for the old-school swinger in a tux. Enough.
But, the Ron Sexsmith movie just won a #sxsw film award! That's something, right?
Your tweets make me miss Tokyo even more!
8 mile run done. Training at 830 & 945. Nutrition class at 11. Massage at 1215. Date night with hubby. Full Saturday.
ch-ch-ch-ch-changes...
CONGRATULATIONS! I am so happy for you! BIG BIG hugs and kisses!!!!!
Which teams are in your Final Four for ? I've got OSU winning it all!
We are watching it too. Do you like the new season so far?
Matt Shaub is effn GARBAGE!!!! His completion % is a JOKE!!! It's killing my team!
LOL :D your crazy silly..
Decent race so far, but they need to have the capability to actually start the car again.
I am comfortable with today's hardware somewhat but still cannot change a SIM card. Hire me to write an operating system won't say no.
Taking a nap.
Join us on April 2nd at the #AWMC. This event is FREE! I hope you can come out to support our young people - they're AMAZING!
you love what? Lol
Every time I send out Thank You cards I worry about being poisoned by toxic envelope glue. Thanks Kastanza!
I watch Community for Annies Boobs. I love that monkey.
I did not know you were an eagles fan. I hate to say it - cause I love big red. But this is bad.
What level of hell for Internet popup ads?
RT : Just because I didn't speak on it doesn't mean I didn't peep the shit....
Happy snow day to those off today; safe travels to everyone coming to the Anschutz medical campus.
": As we grow up, we realize it becomes less important to have a ton of friends, and more important to have real ones."
i feel really uncomfortable right now... but i'm SO GLAD to be home :P
Lee Majors is a stud
Suggestions? MT : Hey I <3 you guys! Do u have favorite inspirational blogs about life, change, growth, hardships?
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 16.
Thanks for the Tweet! Plenty of great journalism internships right now. #Florence, #London, and elsewhere.
Avatar: A Cinematic Masterpiece. Its about life, overcoming adversity, economic sustainability, drinking blue moons, and schmoking a j. -_-
I'd love it so much if the package I'm waiting on arrived soon. Then I could go out and "work" outside. At least I have a patio to wait upon
You're the absolute best!! Will always have mad props and respect for you both! :-)
NOW: Cafe Mocha. Next Friday: SON COMO SON! Salsa Under the Stars! Get there early for the FREE salsa lesson with SALSA BABY!
learn how to speak
85 days till I take my drivers test
at therapy!
#Bearcats let's get it
lit my sea breeze soy candle, ate some dark chocolate, kicked my feet up. already feeling a bit more zen.
What resources do you use to promote yourself?
thanks .. I'm thankful for all the places we get to see.. It is hard moving so much & being away from friends & family
it's not about making a joke. It's that I literally type 'crap cake' inherently & have to make it a point to go back & edit.
Need flyers/postcards for your next event? check us out at www.musicalstop.com
Quote of the day: "When you mess with someone, make sure that person doesn't have an army on their back."
Get better!
Just another
Yeah. Uh..Shocking.
10sparky59 Sparky Perfume on Sale up to 90% off and FREE SHIPPING
RichmondNightOut.com will be up & running by Dec.1 -Tell your friends to join the free mailing list today 4 more info! RichmondNightOut.com
I will be soo happy if the bruins loose
Pharez Whitted Jazz Sextet - thx to ETA Theater for having us on Sept. 28th Wednesday @ 7pm @ 7558 S South Chicago Ave Chicago, IL - hope2CU
on the final page of this paper then just to put works cited and a bit of editing. And then my music final. almost done for the day!
we LOVE #Foodiechats community: ...
Went and worked out, came back to no hot water in the shower.
I'm Anna Logg in a digital world. meow
We are gathering outside Carnival stockholders meeting at the W Hotel on MB at 11. join us, demand they pay their fair share
Stay on the ancient path set forth in the Word of God. How we travel that path will continue to change. Methods change - message doesn't.
riding bikes uphill home. That becomes problematic. But, we made it and all's well that ends well.
are you in the U.S.? Because it looks like it's ok on my end, but there are geographic restrictions sometimes.
Whats good mane when we finna go party? I'm be at the next #Raiders game lets get high under the bleachers when the D is out
good one. Here's another. How come guys point at their wrist when they ask what time but not groin when asking where bathroom is
Just watching out for you ;-)
Poster has been accepted and flight booked. #mlanet12 here I come!
Diet low in #calories and #carbohydrates is more beneficial for the
And I'm blasting Shinedown/singing along! :D
see i made it on bus to Hickory Furniture Mart without puking! haha. good to met ya :)
Studies have shown under inflated tires can cause a decrease in fuel economy. Be sure your tires are properly inflated.
Who's perception is this? Not disagreeing or agreeing - just confused.
Every store around me takes EBT and not a single one has a ATM
Thanks for promclaming Arvday Sabonis Day in Portland and Commissioner Leonard for helping us celebrate!
wish me luck for my exams yet Im getting busy downloading for the newest episode of #TVD ...huhuhu..tweet me please!
This comment was removed by CISPA
Harper isn't a baseball player, Rickey Henderson was.
Thanks for the follow! :)
We have 797 staff & faculty positions open at How many of you are waiting for a decision?
ah, I see your in DC, well you should totally do it there too! ps. GEM is outrageous!
Rethink assumptions about libraries- just b/c you build services and spaces, doesn't mean people will use them. Max potential!
umm... shoot!!! Well what kind of monster did you create via code?
If you're going to shoot your own lighting and tripod are mandatory. Think of audience.
on how neighborhood police and local officials outweigh central authority - democratic state in absence of rule of law
Likewise.. thanks for the people Recs
If the Crossing Broad guy is the guy trying to convince the media that Phillies fans aren't all morons, we are in trouble.
what a great group, you represent the essence of craft beer...always inclusive, never comprising: an evolution in progress
i hear ya.
I'm enjoying ebooks more and more! Just finished an ebook in three hours when I've been reading the same paperback for 5 days!
W.definingmomentsbysm.com.... Make sure you check it out!
Happy Friday!! May the fourth be with you.
Pretty sure I've lived exclusively on oatmeal and blonde roast the last eight mornings. Well, I'm consistent!
Getting professional. Look out.
Wow, #Louisville takes lead with a 15-2 run and 17 seconds left...
follow me back lol
did you do your research paperr
Yeah, but accidental, lower-shoulder balls aren't.
is looking for great sales people to come work at Yodle!
smoking a cig dick!
What a great event!
Whitney Houston's death is hard to believe. This is crazy. I pray for Bobbie Christine who lost her mom too soon. God bless you
Is it Friday yet? I'm wiped!!
yeah. I'm tryna make ivy happy
You guys saw my squad Chelsea FC take out Barcelona and the best player in the world, right?
#100thingsilove 91; tall guys. even though i'm really short :3
Once again I wish I could write a footnote to a footnote.
“: when is the housewarming party?!” as soon as your not busy! :-)
Totally OEDed last night; have been puking up words all morning.
If we weren't such good friends I'd think that I'd hate you.
Not a big pork eater but ohh i want bbq ribs right now!
Get the fuck out of here. #Canucks score.
? of the Day: What would you rather witness: inside the park grand slam OR an unassisted triple play?
Great meeting with pilot customer helping students in Washington access and complete college. Exciting work!
Republicans could give a crap about everyday Americans. All they care about is Power
We are very excited to be hosting this month!!
Thanks for following Boom One Records Ted! We just released a new disc last Tues (Hope Massive - Itani) on all online stores!
we need to do something tonight. I'm having withdraws.
the tube us gonna suck tonight. #Phillies played already. The stupid #NHL put 3 game tomr. nothing tonight.
all heck will break lose if Hollie is declared safe early in the show
ill see u at registration buddy =^__^= >:) better watch ur back
Rosen has a point. 5 kids is work. But I cant feel Ann's pain. She has resources. Part of the pain raising kids is being broke
Wow twitter being gay!
Listening to Ella & Louis sing "The Frim-Fram Sauce" while revising my script "Dear Dios" ... Ah, this is the life :)
Roy Williams Deer in Headlights Face!
good morning!! Can u follow back please?
nope. It was to slow. Ima gonna try again tho.
what is that? tea? shitty green bottled beer?
The memories keep playing over and over in my head when all I wanna do is just forget
Miz may be joining soon if Miz doesnt turn it around with WWE brass
Beers been hitting me quick lately lol
Got cleansed though conversation. Thank you Lord for GOOD people!
although, if you wanted to have everyone record one of your songs with their phones and send it in, I'd be happy to edit it.
Nice!! Sounds like a good recommendation :)
DIPA is a hazy gritty hop explosion. IIPA does. A lot. 's Ruination not as citrusy as Hales.
If U give me a cuddle I Love U forever hahahahaha
Thanks for the Tweet!
POTUS is an asshole and will be impeached when the republicans clean the leftist clock in nov. STFU, Obama is the worst ever.
Mikey tweeted u back!!!!? =D
@ AAlcondez >>>> Greetings to you my dear...
ha good question,it was over a month ago & thats how it should be!just makin each day the best :)releasing a new song soon!
#MayimBialik is short. I hate how tv makes people look bigger than they really are.
Of all bad men religious bad men are the worst
#Rayj > plies goon
- Thx - like your tweets as well.
Check out all our specials at www.tdmwebacademy.com
you couldn't live without me ryan who would you "abuse" everyday? Lmao jk.
hope you both enjoyed the T-Social last night.
to justify tax breaks at a time when people were paying $4 a gallon for gas.
I hadn't but am listening now! Totally sounds like me :) What are the best songs?
Escape the cold and come into Panello in Lawrenceville today to check out our awesome selection of cozy sweaters to stay warm!
A little late in respnding but happy new year and much good wishes to u 2.
It's a world, we just live in it.
can't meet u in the roc first
We'll have a special discount for all chat participants at the end of the chat! WOO!!
"TRADE ME RIGHT FUCKING NOW!"
The Brew Dr. Kombucha wagon is set up at the 4 Peaks Music Festival in Bend, going on tonight and tomorrow. Hope to see some of you there!
RT : Do we need a definition for "young people?"
Happy Mother's Day!!
The only reason she has that many followers is because her boobs are out -__-
you got lucky this weekend. Don't get use to it loser. goodnight :)
are ready - can't wait :)
I was just practicing my vocal ranges!
I'll text you
And why the fuck would I care if Nikki Minaj gets back on twitter
Still dishing out W's and ass kickings!! let's get that trophy!!!
So your bday is Feb 15th, eh? Well, I'm a Valentine's baby. This is explains SO much. Hahaha!
where u at y u didnt cum beat my door dwn
the way $fb stock price is bouncing- along with the media coverage shows how silly mr.market can be. as buffet says, its not a teacher!!
Shout out to Hank and the Blueshirts #BLUESHIRTPRIDE Historic Win last night against the caps!
Is this still on for today? Yum!!!
At school, freakin' hungry -.-
right!?! And lets be honest, I never really did HW in college so this is actually a whole new ball game for me
Looking at some recent pictures, I realized this is the lightest skin color I've had since I was a baby!
Can't sleep, can't sleep, can't sleep!
Your more than welcome. Its a fantastic cause.
More to come, Packers at Falcons, go Packers.
That awkward moment when a gps tells a gay guy to go straight ! Haha.
Breaking News! Increadible psychedelta slide blues guitar player Kerry Kearney may be doing guest preformance upcoming Woodfish album!
Shop Walmart? www.gasandfoodvideo.com then www.mpbtoday.com/corky for sign up. I will give you 125 leads a week upon sign up, Let's GO !!
At the corner of Shepard and Homer! Johnson Bros Liquor Co is hungry!
Yea. I liked that video too! But "Starships" is fierce!!!!
you said it girlfrand
m. they are!
Oh hell no! That announcer just said Aint's! Them's fighting words...
hurry up and end day
CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic today. Met great people who happen to be homeless. Lovely day. Best Wishes to All!
Enjoy life now. It has an expiry date
Perfect night for a fire with
Thanks for the follow Eysii "CHECKOUT" Meech Dogg's JUICED UP on youtube. Please "HELP" us gain more fans tell some friends...
Awesome!! RT : the decision about keystone directly mentions climate--it is not just rerouting. this is a very big deal
That "fight song" sounds like a dirge.
Pub Lunch says it's a slow news day, "but not so quiet that we're going to be baited into saying anything about Waterstones and apostrophes"
I had the opportunity to see you on TLC tonight. Favorite part ---> "The cash register is the devil!!!" lol
Yeah Buddy!!!#JERZathon:))gotta love italian ppl</3
Eating a baby
Seriously, right? Television will never be as good as it was in that moment.
There's still immense value in being the thinkers/strategists. I realized recently we're very skilled in connecting people/ideas
YES :D hahaha
Grizzlies. Fuck yes.
Does eating help us avoid hard conversations? Does digestion help us “digest” the truth?
It was refreshing to hear a biologist on the Science Show podcast talking about "sneaky f***ers" instead of using a scientific euphemism.
Turner field for day 3 of my amazing baseball weekend. A #Brewers win would put the icing on the cake!
Floyd Mayweather is making 42 million just for the fight.
Ha! Well welcome to San Diego!!
Sure thing!! Hope you consider following back, and enjoy the rest of your week :-)
I hate when I make simple mistakes in code. I hate it more when it takes me over an hour to figure it out.
blah monday
WordCamp Ed 2008 will be co-sponsored by and ! With their support, we're moving forward and will begin sign-ups this week
RT RaineFallOutBoy: I have eyes, dinosaurs have eyes. there for. I'm a DINOSAUR
You to Yusuf! RT : Thanks for the follow have a great weekend
Yes! Next week? How does Tuesday look to you? I am free 2pm CST onwards.
“: A #Libra doesn't need anybody who doesn't need them.”
Just finished watching #Hugo-- what a glorious film! I loved every second. Was in raptures (and tears) by the end of it.
it is wise to direct your anger towards problems, not people; to focus your energies on answers, not excuses.- William Arthur Ward
so depressing :(
If you are residing--because of illegal crossing or an expired visa--in the US as an illegal immigrant, you must obtain legalization
#Boycott They support Limbaugh's show There are lots of choices out there so choose another brand!
How much did NBC pay the White House party crashers? Even if they are under contract for Bravo, NBC Universal still payed.
“: People love your song :-)” Wow! Praise God I'm so glad 2 hear that, thx for the spin!
Lolling at the pretty little liars ode to psycho
Oh hell yeah I just got my account back!
Amen sister!
Keep Doing Your Thing Player! Muah!
not urs it's about 4 and a half
: I was one of the first signers of the letter.
of course, a font of nickname inspiration! Thanks for keep the names alive
It's a perfect day to explore Baltimore!
Nice! RT "If what you did yesterday still looks big to you, you haven't done much today."
thanks, this is funny!
10 hours later....still an awesome mess...cinco de mayo
Tuna cruise at a depth of 20m or more. So when trolling set your lures right below 20m
sure, why not. :D
its like a social experiment every time.
RT : Looks like there will be one--count 'em--one live show this year. HIt us up here for details b4 its announced!
Walked past an auto garage in old town Alexandria with one light on in a back room blaring classical music
how is it the yankees have gone on a 6 game winning streak at the same moment the sox go on a 5 game losing streak? Unbelievable!
la la la music is magic like wispers in your ear
I gave the same problem RT "I love being busy"
yea I hope he follows both of us! Soon
Federally protected snails in Limestone County creeks may complicate debris removal
I'm sure is just as excited as I am watching this hockey game in the 2OT...
Success is a personal standard, reaching for the highest that is in us, becoming all that we can be.-- Zig Ziglar
listening to talk about how github works - seems like a great place to work!
I had a dream last night that I got "Our love is the river." tattooed on my arm. Then I woke up. I was sad it was a dream.
Should I change my twitter name thing? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Voted. Two words: Spotted Cow.
Garlic is considered a topping on WHITE PIZZA and it's extra $1.50? Had to walk out on general principal.
Never thought I'd say this, but I'm kind of grateful for the lack of wristbands at the reception. Made the 6:30 wake-up possible.
Ready for Memorial Day? Find great savings on fun things at www.communityoffers.com!
My two yr old nephew told me I like dick lmao
Yep, and he's always one of the last guys off the court after practice too. Working hard on his shot.
GM Tweetpls! Its a beautiful day, #thankgod for waking me up dis morning!
Done with girls. Need a woman in my life.
It's much easier to understand what you meant when you tweeted it
I now play video games with a QC tag on. I'm a spy.
yesterday I went to a holiday party, and today i am getting a haircut. today I also got a ticket and wrote emails. 12/14/10 - 12/15/10
Bitch you better follow a real nigga
With time running out, we are looking for a screen print sponsor (100-2 color print, or as little as 50-2 color print). We will cross promo
look made a twitter ! She act too and she also sings ! Go and follow her ! She will follow you back
hey josh give kim a follow if ya want
Haha! Well that's an option too!
yo my brother i got a feeling go do a lot hot calabos i miss him and doing tracks together tho
sometimes i hate smoking xD
RT love that place! my friends took me last night for my birthday celebration! Mirko Pasta Toco thanks U!
at the moment nothing :P & you?
Thank You!! Hope all is well in Jacksonville. Tony
I guess we'll be checking out the 2012 #MillerPark concessions today with this rainy weather, no tailgating.
what happened to your sista? Aw we'll have sleep overs more often nwhatnot. I'm fine :) thanks tho boo <3
my eye has been twitching for 2 days....enough
Highly recommend "Senna"- Storytelling at its finest.
weather permitting, I should be working outside for the next week! :) Starting my mural project today! :)
This thing and you shall never part, For the gift I give you, is all of my heart
Me2 ": When folks complain about their jobs but won't leave or do anything to change things that gets ME mad."
as well as to read one!
Anyone take any of the Barry's Bootcamp classes in NY? I'm thinking about taking a class on Sunday
agreed!.. awesome new work!
Goodnight Twitter, Physics and math homework needs me
Not just a Walgreens, a MAGICAL Walgreens.
Agreed! We love connecting with all of the organizations making an impact in our region!
If you're free today, we have a few spots left, so come on over to even if you didn't register.
why I avoided 1989 show the other night...
I can help you out, DM and I can show you several aternatives.
chillin at taco bell with my peeps
I love wearing belly shirts though...
RT : We need extras NOW! Interested? Hit us up:
Gotta make sure she straight in case I'm not here anymore
Well, if they're going to exist, I suppose it would be in Brooklyn.
please follow ? <3
Go Bobby go. It's his time to shine.
I want to date an Asian Chick! ;)
i dont feel like tweeting, hee.
I got a new phone and I need ur number can u dm it to me
is adorable. <3 (:
I don't really feel like talking to anyone today, that crap put me in a bad mood.
Come on #Sixers! One more quarter!!!
He did not. He kicked my ankle. So there. :P
Took my bike out for the first time this year. If you can, I highly suggest not being inside today.
Fixin sum old fashion
Srry i didnt tweet alot 2day but a lot of shit went on good and bad pluse some prayers so yeah
we'd be happy to try it out with you anytime!
did you get an email from Gotham casting They asked me if I wanna be in an MTV event.I think they casted us for fuse!
Tonight 10:30pm I'll be on #letitrip with Councilwoman discussing #consentagreement and next steps.
One of whom??!?
RT : who was the best basketball player to never play in the NBA... Easy Sherman White the man had it all (Raymond Lewis)
Would be my new task manager, but need a mobile version first.
The funny thing is that I don't think the guy Aaron isn't talented. He can sing. It's just such a terrible waste.
I'm gonna miss out on so much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Looks great!!! I wish I worked in creative space like this!
Not sure where things are going but pointing towards our LS Integrator -- the Lower School is making a decision by May
I was not aware of your musical skills... I just liked your fb page :)
did u guys get to meet last night!?
It's impossible to be mature without having lived
I might then. You going?
What time is graduation this year ?
get a skype so i can vid chat u on my phone
#ConfessionNight it infuriates me when people have nothing to confess about but bf/gf related sh!t
What concerts are you cats looking forward to this weekend?
SOTU alludes to infrastructure spending for public-private partnerships. I am not sure P3s are THE answer, but they could be an answer.
I just noticed that lol
"Inspire Peace" do that & see how you feel...
I hope this week goes by fast
at ma sista vball tournament ready to go someone dm me they number im bored
I swear Orange Leaf is the only thing that sounds good when I'm sad.
#15 on my Life List: live on a boat for a year. What's one of yours? Don't have a full Life List yet? Come create one over brunch & mimosas!
- Neon Valley St.
I absolutely love MettaWorldPeace's name. Idk y i just do.
Dreaming a UHSExpo cruise some day.
Right on!
Q3) Prototype to stay nimble - it adapts to a complex environment, which improves your ability to respond to the complexity
refreshing to see a movie like that man, one of the best movies I've seen definitely a different twist keep up the good work
why you tryin to accuse me of everything you guilty of?
Eek. Technical difficulties. Keep up the good work !
Wishing everyone a happy and safe holiday season from The Team at www.erikbrownhomes.com!
Like diversity? Support local independent artists!
Not yet! I own it so hope to get to it someday! I do love witch books. Recently read #BeautifulCreatures which was very good!
the dog who save christmas :)
mission complete.
HE \y hey hey pls tell me wut u think of my backgroung and my profile pic !!! thx!:)
Can I see you soon? <U+263A>
Lol kobe look devastated
running late. Sorry. Be there ASAP
Enough with the sub-tweets. Time for some dom-tweets.
The Masters is like the Super Bowl without the noise, the expensive commercials and some old rock star performing halfway through
Our open house is today. Please come by between 1 & 6 to see all of our green roof, living walls and rainwater harvesting displays. Fun!
#InMiddleSchool center vs albion games <3
WIN A TRIP TO HAWAII. win cash + an ipod loaded with the complete Frankie's jukebox. big winners last night. grand prize drawing december 3
Truth. Weird to be watching a Coachella headliner without destroyed feet.
what is OmniFocus? Haven't heard of it before.
Rushing to The Avengers before it's SOLD OUT!!
This just in Michael Vick applies to buy a petsmart franchise
Dear u have a lovely hotel & staff. But having to go down to barely-there lobby for free wifi? (Yay for having twitter tho)
Got distracted from my work-out w/ wknd cleaning..gonna get on it as soon as I'm done:)
Even the best memories fade.
"I wrote a poem about him, he said I had to let him read it. The next day he never asked to read it. He may never know how I feel."
I know how to tweet! no thanks to
You're an amazing songwriter!! I knew you had it in you... you just had to dig deep into your heart:)
I hope so cuz I really needs it to be... nawmean.
Thanks to all our great twitter followers!!!
Too bad Stanley Tucci's not on Twitter. He would be good here, I think.
you were great in spartacus! we were still hoping that you were somehow still alive at the end!
They said you'll always be alone & miserable
I'm donating money today to www.DoctorsWithout Borders.org If you can plzz do the same.
if you have ten plays better than that, I'd like to see it!
Yea ima like da curls tho real talk I'm picturing it already
#thingsIlove2Hear "you can have whatever you want"
You are the definition of Legend! All My Love and Respect!
Yesterday I was on the set of Castle...and wondered...did I miss OPENING DAY? Apparently not! Go #SFGiants! Go TIMMAY!!!! Wheee!
Ready for a new tatt, need ideas
I just attempted to tan.
The music has to be Quality over Quantity. PERIOD. Why put songs out that you know are just ok?
Don't read this near any sharp objects: In the last 22.5 innings, the Tigers have outscored the White Sox 40-6.” poor sox :( . Go Tigs
Finally added "D'oh!" to the spell check dictionary in my email program. (I'm all about efficiency!)
I'm not on a computer but I can see if it will work on my phone cuz I got front cam
Now we're about to get a snow storm in almost May. Gotta love Ohio
And consent goes nuts
We will be at a #CareerFair at Seattle Central Community College today! Stop by 10am-1pm to learn about the jobs available now at Goodwill.
Nice acceptance note via e-mail today. A mini salve for the crappy weather we've had for the past three weeks.
Ross: establishment factions (universities and unions) will be drawn into the occupy movement.
The moment when your friend is like who do you like?... Umm u know them so I'd rather not say!
follow Squala so i can send u a important message bro
“: #PTFC should've changed the song to "I can't help laughing about LeToux"” haha nice
just breathe...
this makes me want a cargo jacket! suggestions?
Prof prego photos done w/the wife. 1 month till baby! :)
your lamer!!!
Every NFL team made great picks, got their guy, and got great value in the draft. Just ask them.
Community brought it together, but we kind of took over & did the demo ourselves. Summary: This JBL is good. This Cmty is better.
Great show tonight at Bear's Place! Shawn Pelton kicks ass.
My dog just fell over her own feet xD
Only if you are from New Mexico, will you understand this question..Red, Green or Xmas?
OMG I’m SO insecure! Really, I’m on a roof with nothing keeping me here. Oh Wait, maybe I’m UNsecure.. Nevermind! haha
must have missed your tweets from over the weekend. Let's grab #drinks soon...
I don't hate but I dislike that be a mom first,rather than going clubbing with the girls etc&living your kid w/ the babysitter/familysitter.
I just don't see how they think banning BC is right. It is being used as a forethought not like plan B or abortion.
Get on the patio and enjoy a Napa inspired meal#Roc #<3Label7regulars<3
I dislike Roberto though he's still an ass like when I first met him back in 2004
Yet another quake. Really bizarre. Just saying.
Junior year is the storm before the calm (sr year). All this damn work is crazy. All I know is next year, I won't give a fuck!
Very sad about Junior Seau
Today I don't feel like doin anything...I just wanna lay in my bed.
you wish
what's the point of coming to school any day....
home with my children and loving it
girl busy finishing this semester u and looking for a big girl job. And getting things figures with the gf
(Also) Today in Literary History: Thornton Wilder's "Our Town" premiered at McCarter Theater in Princeton, NJ in 1938.
If two people are happy together, leave them alone.
Im waiting for them to come out with a new album already lol
Lol RT : Humans are the only creatures on earth that will cut down trees, make paper, then write “SAVE TREES” on them
A #homebrew oatmeal stout and drying out some hand made lemon pepper pappardelle that I'm making for No big deal.
Going to sleep early. Tomorrow up and at 'em to do more cleaning.
Earplugs in, eyemask on. Happy #2012!
If only you could love enough
Homeward bound
"RT I hate to say it, but gardys gotta go " Let's get the guy a competent rotation first, no?
I don't need a new year's resolution to know when I need to make a change
RT : hi /Hello Ben! Nice day today. And what did I do? Mow the lawn! It really needed it, though~
You bet. Glad to! You're pretty awesome.
Turiaf with that high energy doing his thing! Haha know my guys tired looking at bench tugging his jersey hahaha
Yam Festival--Lynn Sawicki makes sweet potato gnocchi in brown butter sage sauce at noon. Still don't know a yam from a sweet potato?
yep yep.feel dat
Just a reminder.. watch my videos if you like money!
Thanks for the inclusion. Happy Friday!
Like Queen & Freddie Mercury check out + his take of Somebody to Love on Youtube. Wow ! I a big fan !!!
Well, didn't win the Mega Million, guess will still be working Monday
Well Chris a 5-4 Road trip was pretty good I will take it. Now lets take care of the home stand.
Hey justin i saw you at pounders yesturday !!!!
Kidnapping of youth leaders continues in Kinshasa. Today 2 more activists were taken away by security forces #drc2011 via
thanks for the byliner rec. really great site.
Great news! I really love playing fairy godmother, especially with makeup! All for a great cause. Support our youth! #mua # makeup
Thank YOU! MT Greetings I just received your latest book, must thank you for ur striking capture! I adore ur work!
#Dewey partner comp guarantees were given without executive committee approval, according to sources in my story today.
You're confusing the team dropping points with you dropping a load. I fully expect you to drop a load versus Espanyol.
I mean I've played like 80% of the $500-$2500 events at Hard Rock the past two years so I'm not sure I get your point
Wat up how you doing? I hope your following me?
finally!!!! It's been way too long..... Wepcolm back to the world of YouTube!!!
Friend suggested I need for my small business-an advisory board of directors- love this, esp b/c as an artist, hard to decide the next move.
Partied like it was Mardi Gras @ Museum o Natural History yestrdy! Young boy on trmpt Alphonso Horne got heart & classical chops.
Good bye Walter - you taught me to watch the news
I am learning priceless soccer knowledge from
We may have just witnessed the first ever Jan Vesley heat check.
Yea. I'm sorry.
I oversee 27 churches and most do not have this. I will definitely share this with them.
": what you think ?" I like it
my shoulder still hurts. Gonna take more than sorry for that one
After a terrible divorce wait atleast a year before getting rid of anything of value, especially jewelry, especially if you love it.
Well, I guess I better get started on.my homework :P
If vodka spills in your freezer does it stay in puddles?
Uhm. Excuse me. Why don't we deserve respect? We're people too. And, another thing, i'm 17, not 9.
Thanks for the retweet !! Keep voting and sharing and we can provide a lifetime of safe, happy summers to kids!
Nicole wont return next season if there is one lol if producers dont simon will lol
I hate asking people for rides.
i wont gonna follow her, cus' she dont follow me back.. lol and im not her no. 1
That moment you realize you have the entire weekend off this week followed by that moment you realize you work the entire weekend next week.
You can't finish something you have not started.
Im abnormal, normal is to boarding sorry!(:
“Never confuse the size of your paycheck with the size of your talent.” — Marlon Brando
Timbers Truck here at 4pm with games and activities. Don't miss the action!
shes the definition of a rude bitch
I need a car to fulfill my midnight cravings.
My mom is hip, dontchya know?
who goes to NJ for a tux when we've tuxedo warehouse? And where are you getting these damn adorable creatures I'm jealous of?
“: Interact w/ your neighborhood & create a real community” Happy 2 b part of #EducationUSA 'hood in KL w/ advisers & HEIs
Waiting for to put in some 3rd shift hours tonight.
IT'S PERFECT !!!! HAVE A MEET AND GREET IN MIAMI SOON PLEASE
"OMG. I LOVE YOUR ICON." = free rt.
Why does everything always, no matter what, have to suck?
When you correct people's grammar on Twitter, they don't like it very much. Lol
thanks for the follow. would you please shed more light on who you are and what you are doing?
bored, bored, bored, bored, bored. #NeedSomeExcitementPlease?
Complete. Disbelief. Utter. Collapse.
YES ...dreams can come true!
thanks for the follow!!! will be jealous, you should follow her too :)
Thanks to all who attended tonight's forum on generational diversity in the workplace!
Got class tomorrow in da Am
We really enjoyed your visit, Lois! RT Leave it to El Arroyo in Austin: "We're catering the royal wedding" is their sign this week.
fantastic to read!
go to bed tomorrow is another day LOL
How many diff #jokes do you #think up in your #head before ones funny enough for #twitter? I'm guessing 6-8
I was born ready boo! Let's make it happen. Whoop Whoop!
Musical Aesthetic Experience.
JOSH just learned the move VOLUMES!
We think so too: RT : No need for a high tech gym,
Is very funny when people use big phrases such as "1st time in history" when it only means as much as they remember.
welcome to my world, thunderdan is a
“: Any loser can blow $2 on lottery tickets, but to lose $2 billion you have to be CEO of Chase.”
thanks....i do yoga at my house....i used to teach actually haha
working on ledgers! Not fun!
#RunChat Q3) Not accomplishing a goal just provides more motivation 4 the future. Everyone fails, true test is how u react to the failure.
not sure how cutting 10% of workforce helps stop unemployment. Interested to hear more.
so is one who follows a paleo diet doing so if majority of meat they're eating is at like standard restaurants/ grocery stores?
my desk soup drawer is always open to you
You're welcome!
Just saw the new #Apple ad with #SamuelLJackson and remembered 's story about him and some sunglasses.
STAY STRONG RIZZ
Why, if you're trying to pacify the population do you randomly kill a community's kids? Am I too old to understand The Hunger Games?
Mixed signals <<<<
Oh how I wish I could unsee that. Maybe I could borrow some of 's bleach?
Thanks Andrew!
Also be on the look out for #HTSSS12 tickets to arrive at your favorite participating local retailers soon! Boutique Bundles = Raffle+Coupon
wish I could have made 's talk on Towson today. Did anyone record it by chance?
I'm looking forward to it! See you in a few hours.
thanks the place is hot for sure. Doing big things
Bigger and bigger fan of but it desperately needs a ranking/rating system for collections and smart playlists off those loved items
Feeling a little sick today :( This is why I don't take naps and I didn't even mean to fall asleep.
Thank you for the RT's!
I remember selling him two bars and making Bob Probert sign about a entire sheet of lined paper with sign autographs.
thank you... You can earn$ 250 referral fees by referring buyers to us.
sounds good
Thank you so much for the shout out!
Looking forward to your event next week!
We didn't get the interview btw :( it was too crazy!
Covert: The reason we are the prestigious University we are today is because of #diversity - we began admitting #women and
Additional Real Talk: Indianapolis' Male Bondage is mind-blowingly awesome. When did Drive Like Jehu start busting out Meat Puppets licks?
that's what you get for trying it gay lol
would love to hear more about your business. I'm interested in opening something here in the Twin Cities
lol he wasn't counting on their votes anyway
Good morning, Twietnam. Today's writing tip: Take the phrase 'day dream' literally and then, wake up and write!
We aren't trying to change Baltimore's image. We are trying to change Baltimore.
he poked holes in the back and have the baby lettuce hahaha
Austin is moving near where I live.
“A man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd.” - Max Lucado
#Touch rocks!!
Listen guys...we are all losers . its okay to admit it . thats why we are all friends (:
What a bad day my heat loss and my Yankees lost
you mean Tijuana also haha they had them all over the place, best place ever!
Nimbus Sans condensed maybe?
What's the best tablet app for editing Google Docs? I've heard a bunch mentioned. Only want to pay for one.
jacob better go home tonight instead of stefano or i will be highly upset.
We diDD! RT : Sounds like you had a blast!
lol, I would own you at that game ;D
The fact that we have to find a place and move this summer is stressing me out.
Hi Catherine, Thanks for the follow
Cooling at with while gets tatted...:)
man, just go to sleep
Everythings gonna get better, even if it never gets better y'all. thanks great show in #Nashville last night.
After a long day at Austin Reggie Fest... nothing beats having dinner DELIVERED to you! Call EAT OUT IN tonight! 512-346-9990
Let's Go : clap, clap, clap clap clap. Win it in DC baby...I've got things to do on Saturday afternoon.
chill stalker
wish I could have met her and compared ironing styles. Sounds like a great lady. Extra prayer for grandma Helen today & your fam.
Yes! RT : Sweet, #Wilfred returns end of June!
Everythings on Mike tax time means forgotten days and sleepless nights.
Ok amiga beijos i love you too
you watch it with some cheese?
Pai got a surprise party for the 50th and I know Mae wants one too
well, I live in Philly, so at least there's that. But the gate agents here cheerily insist anyone connecting will be fine
Okay medlibs, what's your best way for keeping a #mlanet12 schedule - itinerary planner, google calendar, paper, other?
Happy birthdaayyyy ! Miss ya!
Sorry about your Flyers! I really wanted them to win!
Last night I heard my own heat beating it sounded it sounded like footsteps on my stairs <3
You do have that second desk, right behind you...
Best Animated FEature Film goes to Rango... blah
yup they all old as hell.
well it isn't pretty ... but it was way more then I thought I could do! :)
Who is your favorite librarian?
Yes, I am. I am planning on using Twitter. Very soon. Glad to see you on Twitter.
I Dm you but do you still have yo models?
The headaches you get from crying to much :(
Your manicures last 2 whole weeks? That's pretty awesome if you ask me.
Root beer floats! Root beer floats! I love root beer floats! (to the tune of Rihanna's "We Found Love")
You must have some magic summoning device. Like you're some sort of summoner.
#genx session - should be fun to listen to my elders
San Diego, California Weather :: 64F A FEW CLOUDS: 64F A FEW CLOUDS
In the Midwest its the Packers Bears. Hands down!
dropping wisdom like nooses
she has one still. don't know what may have happened though..
Today is your last day to make changes to your pages before we print! If you haven't factchecked your page(s), please call 617-778-5265 ext0
I hear you Dunham. I have been skating for 40 years and I am still searching. I think that's a big part of the sport.
and don't forget everything is better with a flight!
#Shoutout to all my followers especially the ones who tweet me.
Get some sleep beautiful.
commendable. How do you feel about Google? Hoping you bring your entertaining status updates to Twitter.:)
Reinhard & Ryan ... a great hack team!
yes sir
no, but they look god!!
These ppl ain't real. They're just a figment of your imagination
I'm sorry to hear that. Tomorrow is a new day
Ironic that Hawk says walks have "killed" the #WhiteSox this year, yet he's the same guy who says working the count deep is overrated.
Teens: You don't need to get high or drunk to have fun! Stop playing "games" cuz they're killing your friends.
My DMs are being strange. Not sure if you got my message. I'd love to deliver Yowls tomorrow evening, if that works for you.
no old spice?
"Not enough, Enough and Too Much... The triple edged sword; Unknown to God, Crafted by Man and Sharpened by Women. ~ Unknown
Party time? Cover the 5 senses: Does it look good, smell good, sound good, taste good, & feel good? If yes to all 5, you’re doing it right!
Dream as if you'll live forever,live as if you'll die today...
shoutout -----> . can you follow the,? yes you can. so stop wasting your time reasing this and go follow them. please :D
can you get any cuter, make my day and follow me? <3
u rock mommytard
Congrats! You have a new subject to tweet about for the next 9 months. I bet your labor tweets will be fantastic!
Happy Friday everyone-its a beautiful day here in South Florida!
uhm. okay... go away.
"HOW AM I SUPPOSE TO BRING THE BOYS TO MY YARD IF I DO NOT HAVE MY MILKSHAKE." Mhmm, feels my pain!
Right back atcha good sir! RT: : y'all, if you like real music, please follow and thank me later.
Love Pema Chodron from previous Tweet! It's a quote from her and speaks so much truth
ima be 18 in two days , ah >.<
For sure. Thanks for hosting tonight.
my bad, thought i read somewhere it was unsigned and not indie. either way- amazing record. looking forward to more
Been checking out MICA senior exhibitions for a few hours. Worth visiting before Monday!
Yeah, my basic policy is if I have time, I flick A, Bb, B, and C. Even step-wise sometimes. D rarely, though.
#know12 Transform IT: does it need it? Those who say yes are the ones here. IT different from other depts: backbone of company
And back to sleep I go...
Life is your only chance to breed a soul- InSpotter mobile app
Someone really needs to invent a way to multitable live poker.
Happy valentines day to all my sweets!! <3 =)
Join us tonight for Yo Mama's Big Fat Booty Band w/ Proverbial and Downbeat Switch- Doors @ 8:00 Tickets available at the door.
Train was so crowded I had the Romney Dog Seat
I heart oatmeal cookies.
hey miranda you can answer my questions thanks ;)
Signing off twitter for a while. Too many Pens need to change stuff / coaches need to figure it out. THEY WON 11 IN A ROW, CANT WIN THEM ALL
not so sure if wood is a.good smell. Just saying.
Woot! “: Hanging with and ! Excellent voices in the education discussion today!”
Saw Mr. Annelli cruising Wegman's this afternoon. All you Honors alum know what I'm talking about. Looks the same. Didnt offer me cookies.
needs to stop being so hard on herself about her daughter! It is in her daughters best interest 2 get a taste of the real world!
he wants you to be his baby mama
Who wants to help me fashion a Kleig searchlight into a distress Banksy-Signal in this dark time of spot paintings?
I'm cool it didn't come this way just a lot of rain
Crowd-sourcing question: What's your favorite ap for making your iphone behave like a real camera (with zooming, etc.?)
thank you!
Happiness is early morning Chicago liquid sunshine...Before you can truly enjoy the sunshine first you must experience the rain!
Hey #cstheday: Would love to see a quest next year for "share a story with the DALN, bonus points if the story is about Cs the day"
And I'm looking forward to seeing what the three of us can do working in the same room. ... Again.
are you pregnant...
evil tempter!!
USC students where are you?
birthday? Is that why Dolan was in town?
I'm so much more than all of my fears.
Thanks for the follow. I have so much to learn on your subject.
Good Friday Hungry HooLAgans!
after the water towers. LOL
Dear #FILive attendees: I've made a list of all our speakers for easy follow. See my profile to grab it.
RT : Sveum says he Theo & Jed will check options for Volstad's rotation spot. Coleman possible. TWood `logical choice.' Wood P'd Thu
De nada! TY, U2! Easter is my co-favorite holiday along w/Christmas!!! ;) RT : Thanks Christina! You too & a Happy Easter :)
Yeah, this will definitely keep the bad guys away.
Hey Brian, didn't know about the surgery, sending all the good vibes...let us know how you are doing.
End of one period of play in Minneapolis. #Badgers hold a 1-0 lead over Minnesota thanks to a goal from Tyler Barnes.
upcoming Sat and I'll actually be in BK. You around? Meet me for a round.
When on the verge of something great interference always rears its ugly head. Know that it has been allowed for YOU to overcome it!
I hate when someone calls my name 20 times, then when I finally reply they say "NEVERMIND", bitch you better tell me....
Go to the store, find 50 things you want, leave with nothing.
Why isn't updating us on anything yet this is bout to be the second day in a row........... are you guys okay????
Big flakes are falling outside the windows of Harman Hall but we're nice & cozy inside for Session 4 of
about to work out, and when i say work out mean playing the michael jackson experience game on the wii. that shit is workout
Why get mad at yourself when there's a whole line of people to do the job for you ;)
this is a dream...it has to be...
Rawfulling so hard at the new south park! Cartman singing "I Swear" C a n t B r e a t h e !
GO GET THAT WIN...HEAD UP!!!
#waystomakemehappy be your self and don't judge people
phone dead and if dont bring me my charger in about 10 mins im gone be on his ass...
Nix looks like he is 40....
Is it March yet?
Why is it that everytime i go on twitter, #monsters are tearing people apart?
Brubeck Institute Jazz Quintet ticket giveaway today at 3pm @ Facebook/BluesAlley!!!
#Tonight will include #work and #recharging. Oxymoron? Perhaps.
Anything from Dancing Girl rocks! For sure! I can't wait to add to this list! Be sure to let us know when you find one that rocks
I'm sure Bradshaw has one stashed away somewhere with a special pocket sewn in for the flask!
Fully support Glad I didn't pay the hundreds of dollars for the Lollapalooza ticket.
I need to give my teacher this apple in hopes of him looking out for me with some lenient scoring on my math quiz tonight
“I gotta die with money cuz i wasn’t born with it” ~Lil Wayne
Dear Twitter, Make it an option to be able to have long tweets once every week. Thank you, New User
its barely monday....
welcome home!
Its T-Shirt Tuesday #Baltimore -Get a Sonic Tshirt for $3 w/purchase. Ask 4 it when ordering-While quantities last-Order from patio/stall.
The Mandrell sisters are still around but they perform separately mostly. Branson, Vegas...Barbara may be retired. Still in Nash.
Oh - so Iceland was a stopover. What part of Paris you in, and do you think you will go into a FNAC?
Members: Putting together a newsletter for consumers. To be included, please post your news or events to our website by noon Monday.
Haha me neither. I wonder if it's like the Stefon skit where they don't know what the lines are until they are doing the skit.
Thanks bro...and welcome to twitter RT : Happy Birthday to my bro, Here's to many more.
RT : That's smog-eating tiles, folks! says 2K sq ft home eats nitrogen oxides equiv to 11K driving miles...
#BCSBlockParty ALL WEEKEND & another #BCSFREEticket giveaway Sunday in #NOLA I can't wait! It's gonna get CRAZY!
Never wanted to truly leave #bestvacationever :/
In the session: Using Tech to Deliver Just In Time Training and Resources
I love how we have no problem throwing money at big-name free agents like Crawford and Lackey..But don't do the same for guys like Pap..
I dunno, don't tend to use that. Can I buy it from there?
You might need to buy a drink at the foodtruck today. It's warm! 76° now and we're headed to the 80s.
you shall never know the answer because when one does "ball so hard" nobody can find them!
If pass protection | Can hold up like it is now | We'll score forty plus | (But will it be enough?)
I got the tacos and burritos on deck!
I'm thinking Tottenham... I already like the Spurs (San Antonio)
I've never tried it, it looks nasty.
oh my bad bro lol but go ball at the sal
yes I did ! don't play me
These are spot on. So good. Thanks for sharing! ^LG
i think you typed where to register but I don't see that - can you say it
those last two, I would hardly call men.
your the pen and im the paper. lets connect.
Protect her, kiss her, fight for her, love her, hold her, laugh with her. BUT don't make her fall for you if that's not what u want.
Thanks Destinee. Good to hear from you
Looking forward to the open house tomorrow
RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
God bless Austin Ridge Bible Church for providing the Homeless Coach a temporary safe haven :-)
What happened last night? Was pulling for you but looked like nothing would fall in the 2nd half...
#weebly Never mind... This is what happens when reports are floating around about reliability problems in the cloud...
At work a little early today and what a change of weather we have here <U+E330>
Spread love it's the Brooklyn way
Hunting for studio space in Baltimore.
HAHA it wouldnt be any without YA MA....
RT "The last thing I want with my chicken are waffles." i'm sorry your life is so dull
Are there any #webwise social events tonight?
YOUR FINALLY ONLINE <33
Follow me on twitter. What you already do....
-@"Good guys finish last! #stamina"....lol... I really like that one for some reason! :)
Great weather this weekend! Anybody do anything outdoors?
I will talk to my MIT department to see if we can do this thanks for the idea
hows work going for those professional jerkers?
Thank you! You love our global love! It is a spirit thing!
To all da haters:You think youre hot,but you know the deal...well its me and you know who be keeping it real!!
The attack was in retaliation for the February killing of their leader, Wowinchapuncke.
you're my boyfriend?! :o
eatting 5 guys burgers a fries isn't the same without you!
a'ight now, this is starting to get ridiculous. I'm ready to go home. NOW.
Amen brother! RT : Is there a sweeter voice in America than Vin Scully? So glad to have baseball back in my life.
Glad to connect :)
slowly but surely i am becoming able to make time for music again, by summer i will be back releasin more new shit for sure
We have to appeal to their interest first and foremost. From there, let them apply the knowledge IRL.
Ha I hope someone was there to clean up
So excited to be at the #escaperoutes event at ! Can't wait to meet the panel!
Give me a museum and I'll fill it with people who think that if someone gave them a museum they could fill it.
#thevoice Why can't these judges just be honest? James, we love you but it was a little pitchy tonight. We love you and so do the girls, but
#whenitwascoolto have a myspace
Wish I could just stop by and lay by your side, but tables have turned and I finally learned
RT : #Acting is ironic: One must fight for a life of action, but the craft is about reaction.
Montero currently has an OPS+ of 82. So, he's not exactly killing it either.
You'd lose dawg! :-)
i really don't care what your opinion is.
Happy 2012! I'll see how this year goes. Starting w/ some
Do you wanna smoke with me?...I wanna smoke with you.
Nice!! Hope it's a great day for u! Peace!
“: Words are just words, they mean nothing without action.” Exactly.
The Avengers *o*
Thank God I found Mariah!
Follow Back ;)
Big homie bored in work can't wait to go an smash Mass Effect 3"s head rar in
hell yeah! Hope we see you there!!!
Can't wait for Tim's Halloween special tonight! What's your favorite Halloween-themed song? Let us (and Tim!) know!
Lol me too ": Watching TV til it start watching me!"
Just added: December 1st show at the Red Devil Lounge!
Brainstorming what the ASECS website should include.
Nice! That's awesome to hear someone use it. That's why I write lyrics because I want people to be able to relate to them.
Wow. This week's Game of Thrones was mad boring, y'all.
criminal minds? Its a great show!
I dunno! I always wake up!
Out the <U+E13F><U+E056>
Just danced to "don't leave me this way" sung live by Thelma Houston in the Clive Davis theater at the Grammy museum for the Levitt Pav ...
RT Pls RT this to help us get to 1,000 followers & 1 of you will #win Daily Renewal kit & Anti-Aging kit
#creativecomp fall students, come get your portfolios!
About to watch some of this #kings game before the #clippers game starts. Go Kings, Go! (cc: )
I man I forgot about the pots that were used for tea. Dishes just never end.
Drinking water!
Thanks for the info. My treatment plan is place at this time.
MADDI'S MARRIED!!!!! Cue the Madison Moore Baucum chants now!
Grateful for 's teaching & Church Online. I am being inspired to draw closer to my God.
That is HOT! check your mentions for the Pinterest tag!
Mcds SWAG with and
Man make the chain. Chain don't make the man.
Damn that's rough for the mutt, glad to see he's doing fine. PS: Sugar would help you awake, this I know.
:( you have to stay positive!!
I feel like I had so much home work over this weekend, but I don't care.....
Dancing Classrooms holding annual competition May 6
Agreed! RT : definitely creepy movie. Kids are evil! ;D well that little girl is at least.
Welcome back from Spring Break. Worried about your research papers? Now would be a great time to ask a librarian...
Hey my sexy photographer...I see u
where are you???
RT : Idk how you can say Jigga is trash. Top 3 EASILY.
Happy birthday to you! Hope the rest of your racing season is successful and your day is special!
MYINDYTV-23 was at my booth today to award Santa Bucks to my customers for being festive at the Christmas Gift and Hobby Show. Check it...
Snow-in New York today enjoying day off!
So, if you're successful, then you must be cheating? What about Roy and K? Izzo?
profile pic looks like you're running
When the one person you want to text you does, and then doesn't reply again <
i see you man, im watching you eat.
and I just got too hype. :) that pinky promise was adorable <3
man F them hatters
Great news//RT Supreme Court revers redistricting ruling santafenewmexican.com/Local%20News/N…
lmao that shit is too funny. Just poured some Valentina into a lays chips bag today & went to town on it.
you KNOW it!!! #whatWHAT!
They renewed Don't Trust the B in Apt 23, Once Upon a Time and New Girl. What more could I ask for?!
"By failing to prepare, you are preparing to fail.” -- Benjamin Franklin This is perfect time of year to plan for success
my boyfriend is smart, and an amazing cook (: oh yeah.
Slide to climax tonight!!!!
Did you Mike Dunlap speak?
It's amazing how fast time flies, 233 days ago retweeted me on twitter. <3
i hate when im waiting for someone to text me back and i just keep getting a bunch of stupid texts i dont care about :(
The Speak Up promotional flyer is an easy way to share the Speak Up URL and survey password to participants, post it around your school...
Less people = less bullshit
Mike Conley Jr. looks like a cartoon character hero and he balls like one too
Just realized I can make a Miracle Max Special: MLT (mutton lettuce and tomato) sandwich with the leftover lamb from Christmas Dinner.
Leaving Diana do Caste la for. #QuintadoNoval in the Door for a couple of days of tasting their wonderful
Thanks for the RT...we must shake hands this year at the 5K. Thanks for being a supporter of the WSCC!
I don't know you but I know you're not important. So shut the f*ck up.
fifty dollars in donations so far!! Thank you to all the people who are lending a hand, we appreciate it!
COULD YOU PLEASE FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3 SHE REALLY WANTS YOU TO FOLLOW HER!
But that's an argument I was quoting, not one I believe!
That Lazy Feeling You Get When You Get Home From School <3 >>>
y did u play baseball then
' G/N ppl!! Too many thoughts at once!!
its so good! Did you ever talk to Michelle
Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!
sure did lol
‘Abdu’l-Bahá says if peace workers don’t apply what they advocate, they’re like wine sellers who make speeches condemning wine.
US Rapper Pitbull is to receive the prestigious president's prize at this year's BMI Latin Awards, organisers announce.
Ready to dominate the 3-legged race at the USD picnic this afternoon. And the water-balloon toss.
Keep the same income by keeping the same hair salon srvc OR add extensions & add 2 ur income- we'll train u & supply the hair www.drwiggys.
so happy I got to see my sister and this weekend
Just realized that my talk at next week's NVSA conference will be about #twitter in the Victorian period.
#RAW there is just too much talking n not enough fighting. what happened to kicking ass n taking names.
My phone will not vibrate if you tweet me instead of texting so it will look like I'm playing it cool, I'm good wit it
I'm dying for this weather!!! It's so nice!!! Hard to believe it was so cold last week
Recording Recording Recording, watch out NAPTOWN bout to be a Super Saian real soon
nice .. obviously I'm watching family guy
#4famouswords I don't know YOU
#MM some of my fav #music peeps
Customize T-shirts>>>> Promote>>>>>>>>>> Earn Profits!!!
well that sounds great. Hah(:
definately not, have a great day in SD!!!
only illegal if we get caught otherwise employee of the month home depot
we are taking over NEW YEARS EVE with , , and , four AMAZING parties !!
I was really craving something cold and chocolaty. Pro tip: ice, melted chocolate chips and milk does NOT make a chocolate shake.
ConDems (from those Con states & a minority of Con D's from rural districts from liberal states), but decide, like on Healthcare bill
UMKC Libraries sends a special Happy Birthday Shout-Out to Amelia Fortner. Thanks for all your hard work and dedication!
hope your coming-out party is amazing! wish i could be there!!
hey could you hook me up with some follows?
omg. ooommmmggg. that's hilarious.
have not read these before, no. & not sure about the project yet. been bombarded with busywork this year but will think about it!
If you combined every pirates shortstop from the past 15 years and made a team,They would be the worst hitting/just flat out worst team ever
1c sugar + 2T yeast + .3c grated ginger in 2L bottle. Fill w H2O, stir, cap. 24hrs on counter, 24hrs in fridge. Strain, drink.
Kobe ages well. I respect him more as time goes on.
Gonna be #flashteater ing soon!!
stayed only for a day
that is awesome!!! “: Oh snap. 6 seasons of Saved By The Bell on Netflix Instant Watch!”
nothing wrong with that as we push it to the limit
Oscar is 84?! I hope he's been changing with the times, otherwise Vegas is going to lose a lot of money on The Help.
The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time...
Bring it over!! “: Scotch. I feel like having some...”
Polar bear is the only bear meat that is both #vegan and #paleo friendly. #truth cc:
Old post office is on fire.
Evan Kleiman How was the Global Street Food panel? Sorry we missed it!
hell yea it wuz good creepy type shit
RT Tell me some good news. // Me, too!
I hate that you can't listen to MLB games via internet radio, but I love that the Tigers game is the free game of the day on MLB radio.
re: What am I doing for Titanic Day (4/15)? I'm dressing as a woman and calling shotgun, same as every year.
What happens when the AC in the office goes on the blink? A "stripped" down environment!
#djangocon thank you core devs for knowing github == ruby and erlang != python stack
!!! We already knew that Honey's a killer jammer, but wow, that is seriously impressive!
10 minutes for my birthday!:)
N/F - Follow Back Bro
Big shoes to fill.
Seriously, this toothache is bullshit.
"Some extra bacon lying around" is about as absurd as "some extra unicorns lying around" !
Anyone else sick of the "hello somebody is saying very bad rumors about you" messages?
Happy National Hug Day! <U+2665>
You have wanderlust :-)
Also, sells Joe Jackson - Night and Day LP for 20 bills because "its rare and mint condition..."
RT : One thing I can give and still keep: my word.
You have to watch it at least once!
RIP Starburns. I hope you find that big beautiful meth lab in the sky.
Happy birthday hope you have a great day :)
icy cold winter weather is great! subway rides are now like big cuddlefests instead of hot, stinky vomitfests
I like to see a man proud of the place in which he lives. I like to see a man live so that his place will be proud of him. Abraham Lincoln
wait no, like 12
New to twitter, just figured out what FF is :)
GA Tweoples! in L.A. heading 2 get some chick'n & Waffles! Need some Law & Order in our stomach.
is it ever good? :) how come it won't for you?
Having fun adding folks!!!! Morning everyone!
s/o to my mom! hope you have a great mother's day and remember how much you are love and appreciated.
Great deal today from for unlimited boot camp classes!!
notice me please
What? Did something happen today? I had a good day. Did you?
#420 and #hackweek demo day. Such an amazing holiday!
Thank you for playing No Beer Here by Amy Ames.
that could be except she's posted to facebook in the mean time.
The problem with deep cleaning my desk is being disgusted by how much dust falls back on it over the course of a single weekend.
&#39;Glory&#39; Days: Intimate Experiences, But At A Price?
Brand New 16GB Apple iPad up for auction tonight, don't miss it!!!
Neat, where do you want to go ? :) RT : Seaching study abroad programs before class.
Thanks for the super shoutout!
You don't stop laughing because you grow old; you grow old because you stop laughing
Going to go on my longest bike ride ever -- Matthew's Beach to Red Hook, 1 hour bike clinic, ride all the way home - more than 30 miles.
True Comparing yourself to another can only produce 1 of 2 feelings: superiority or inferiority. Neither's from God.
answer you phone nucca!
Nope. Not true, so maybe you are ;) No one censors or checks what I say.
Great to catch up buddy!
In the afternoon, I'm a director screening a film..by night I'm an actor being screened (at Kent Recital Hall)
PLENTY of Fathers will still let their sons play football, only he wimps r calling the show
oh...! Well that makes sense(x
This makes that Green Bay-Seattle game just a little bit more interesting
And on the 7th day God created brunch.....Get in here!
'Success' makes me feel nervous and a bit guilty.And that's my definition of 'Failure'.
It's an Alice Cooper kinda morning here at the temporary ranch. Although being even a $5000 baby would be fine, right about now....
Ladies, you should smell nice when you're
you woke up before me!
Not the cry, but the flight of a wild duck, leads the flock to fly and follow
We would like to show you all what we can offer... DM or call 0844 880 2010 so we can arrange a convenient time to call in to see you.
If you dont know me by now, you will never, never know me. That good too, my validation do not come from man but from the
Confused on what my 2nd package from is and hoping one of the roommates was home to sign for it this time!
Learning about the Lean Start-up Methodology by
thank ya!(:
yo those jackets for sale?
Ah. In that case, avoid, avoid, avoid.
I Instagram WAY to much... sorry guys :P
We specialize in cosmetic dentistry at affordable prices! www.kravitzdental.com
Awesome. I'll take you on that sometime!
The end of the school year begins my new #EllenRTme strategy. Tweets to will return in Sept.
Yes!!! RT You're reading this right ... RT : Nation's top QB Gunner Kiel commits to #Indiana per
yes how did u know tht song is stuck in my head right now
looks more like a morning rape out. Creepy!
I knew I was going to miss my flight. Smh
Ugh it's early. I can't eat,drink or smoke and I'm sitting here trying to keep my eyes open at the dr. I'm over this right now.
Sat St. Pat day-Cornbeef&cabbage.Red rice&sau. Irish potatoes&chive cass. AND apricot glazed cornish hen! & much more
#leadership academy hosts Sarah Lacy, senior editor TechCrunch- here with her parents now!!!
: Is "#Nevada on-campus threat level" rising? Can't help ask: more guns...more potential for accidental shooting?
me too.
Alright we will!
Why did I think that conquering the mass pike traffic would be a doable thing this morning? 2hrs & counting at 10mph
Of course the court house is closed. Lazy government workers...
doesn't matter to me. Just curious. Are we going out after?
Goodbye to Whitney Elizabeth Houston. One Day We Will Hear That Voice Again.
CHECK UR DM I SEND MINE THROUGH THERE TOO
Dashing out for MORE wigs. Cuz clearly the 5 I have won't work.
AirPlay, oh, how you vex me!
took her purse, went thru it wore her shades, went thru her phone went to her room cause home girl reported her purse stolen
Mask-ing face while listening to lady gaga songs "the edge of glory" ~I'm hangin on a moment with u~.
Or advertise nasty drug store cologne with a baby goat and old Brokeback Mountain set.
Stressed About School
its straight partying chilling same old same
RT : Just finished another great project in NE DC.still teaching new assistant..few gaps realized today.
yeah but at least I have a fresh new one now so it's not so bad : ) but I have a new Phone/# so dm tu numero
Sometimes when we're talking words get drowned out by the sound...
miss u! Hanging with right now! You should be here!
Trying some Chai Bliss almonds by I got at #ucardataworkshop Very tasty! Wonder if I can get these in Berkeley.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to lies within us.
It was great to see you, too! Hope to catch you at Annual :).
YOU DID AMAZING. IM DYING.
it really was. Wish we knew who they were I would love to thank them.
i love how every sat i have been having family movie day and we sit and watch a bunch of movies my grandparents are cool
yeah not softball. Mad respect to all athletes. Hell you know I watch bass fishing too lol
RT : NYT NEWS ALERT: Obama Tells ABC News Same-Sex Marriage Should Be Legal
haha the most sexual twitter yet is ..
the l19th/e20th century imposition of "modern business" over a medieval or pseudo-medieval system?
Are you guys doing a morning show today before Kevin takes over tomorrow morning? I really enjoyed last week.
you know I've learned to answer texts. Twitter not so much.
I'm tired of always being the only one to fall.
just to let you know, you killed it last night, Awesome!!!
Important to use non-competitive keyword phrases initially in
UWM, that's cool, sounds like you're doing well
#WhenIwasYounger I thought 4th graders were HUGE. Now im in 8th grade. lol :)
now a sloth's boobs
Tonight at 5 on MPTV 36, sits down with #MikhailBaryshnikov - one of the greatest ballet dancers in history.
who doesnt love me? :)
Starting a new class tonight. So excited! What are you doing to continue to learn & grow?
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear : Eviction Notice
ur guitarist with the long hair looks like my uncle bajuses (Eric) just thought I'd tell you
Where is #BraxtonMiller. Get bauserman out of there
been in terra for 12+ hours
3 Twins Ice Cream on Fillmore and Haight is giving away free ice cream due to the power outage!
I think a portable woodchipper would help with those unable to take a hint.
I never see what has been done; I only see what remains to be done. Buddha
#lazysundaymode is on!
Can't "F" around and pull off your selections...ha!
A woman with a future and a past..
The fourth is not with me because starwars is gay as fuck.
i love your videos especially stalker doctor
As long as you are of age, drinking in the lots is allowed. Bring some beer and join us across from Verizon gate
but please don't wait up!
.'s talk here is taking on an impossible problem: how to foster benevolent academic communities.
Last day of week 1 of the madness. Starting tomorrow, "Diamond Lou week". "Let me diamondized, well you know".
Oh, how sad. I'm so sorry.
Don't change on me. Don't extort me unless you intend to do it forever. - Tupac Shakur
Lunch break. Guest star focus is next in my weekend intensive. Finished 1 liners.
The Red State screening blew my mind. You are even more handsome in person. Thank you for sharing with us! Come back soon!
Not really jumping ship. More like getting flat out dumped.
well im beig serious too.. i do remember you.
Dear libraries seeking an IT director: this position does NOT REQUIRE AN MLIS. Just experience in libraries (and technology), that's it.
New world order.
Loving might be a mistake but it's worth making.
Looking for a great condo or house to buy or sell? Contact me.
Haha! Should have added ;) after that last jab. We are grateful for all submissions, of course.
Refs are terrible! C'mon !!!!
ha! It is. This is the place with the plum sauce :)
Those jays are such fun! We have them in the mountains outside of Albuquerque. :-)
Happy #Star #Wars Day everyone! #MayTheFourth Be with YOU.
WTF , wat kinda mess is this !
Home! Eating and Catching up on my TUF's before I go to training
it was Louannah ... Louis/Hannah .. 0____o
My mom liked her birthday present!!! :D
Congrats! RT : So excited and exhilarated to be a part of Wharton MBA2014!!! Livin the dream!
tickets for Rock the Bells go on sale tomorrow and I haz no money *tear*
1% away from an AB in accounting and I can't get bumped up. Thank you to the strict accounting department, happy summer to you too jerks.
Correction: The performers were from New Mt. Zion Baptist Church.
Shoutout to ... Mr. Twitter now.
Been waiting 4 your return since Rock Star: INXS. So happy that I might soon have more of your songs for my iPod!
this is why our country is where it's at republicans only care about the rich
you do promo?
'swrong with your hair?
Welcome to the injury dome...There ought to be a law...
It is quite windy in San Francisco this evening.
Peacemaking begins with acceptance, then dialogue.
Another day, another LHC shoot. This time with Zumba instructor Rachel Carlino! Should be another fun gig.
ajsksjskjsksbwab ikr. it's like the best show in the world.
Mariners opening day game is tomorrow!!! 3:00 am, who's up for watching the game?
For all current players: we need more representation on the GFL message board. Go to the link, sign up and get involved.Keep it clean though
And thanks. It was a fun class to teach.
Anyone ever notice the bag of sugar says "made in the American, and naturally fat free"...
I heard ya
I'm really single because no one has the guts to tell me how they really feel, I'm not gonna do all the work in a partner project!
when & where is your next nyc show?
#ifihadagun I'd shoot her because she took him -_-
I've said it before and I'll say it again. There is NO cool way to wave to someone in public. Bro head-nod FTW
It's World Appreciation Day! "Learn to appreciate what you have, before time makes you appreciate what you had." -Unknown I appreciate u!
It was actually much better than I expected. Really smart writing.
lame, when using target="_blank" for <a>, #Safari opens a new window, whereas every other #browser opens a new tab, fix: cmd+click the link
I did the AIDS walk houston and almost lost my life
About to listen to and on #GGToday...excited for draft talk.
I wonder if REM still plays "Star 69" at concerts and anyone remembers what that means
What makes you feel better than money??
I'm too clingy.
Why post a picture on Facebook with the caption 'OMG!! I'm so ugly' and then get annoyed when I agree?
how can i get a instrumental tape on uur site?
Revenge time...only two more shows left for the season!
High af I swear
so everyone just ignore my tweets about vinny being on abdc next week. hehe bye.
I hope they do before I die lol and TD is Toney Douglas
in church
": haha moe use that combat...finish him lol" had to...throwback!
Lemony salad /Cous cous is incredible / all back to work soon
Confirming what I already knew- the train is awesome ("awesome" autocorrected to "Swedish" which was a much more intriguing statement)
Doing well. Great to hear from you. Traveling to Ohio later this week btw. We should catch up late next week!
I think if a CSI or police officer came to investigate me and used one of those hokey phrases they do on TV, I would laugh.
RT : "Sunday morning...coffee NY Times and Meet The Press. Doesn't get much better. #hansenfiles” this man speaks truths.
Kevin Hart gone be my mentor.
New Dimmable LED undercabinet striplighting now available with integral driver built into striplite .....no remote drivers required
I've apparently been retweeting a lot of your stuff this evening! lol
oh yeah sorry about that
DEAF i DONT MIND LOOKING AT ASSHOLES CANT STAND TO LISTEN TO THEM
Who are these children in my kitchen?! "Would you like your grapes chopped or whole?"
If Anonymous were operating during the heyday of Blackbeard et al, what kind of rum would they drink?
in Harlem USA...uptown baby!
Yup, for those poor bastards its more like "Good Luck..."
Figures that my courage would choose to sell out now...
Painful historic factoid: Clinton-Lewinsky scandal broke at start of #Pope JP II's '98 #Cuba trip. Most media returned to Washington.
I had such an amazing weekend with <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
A favor for the writers out there: anyone willing to describe their revision process in three words?
Predictions for the #GatorBowl? #OhioState or #Florida?
justin I love you so much your my idol(: lmao
ah man Jillian,I want every Dog you show Gracie such a cutie I think you should take her heck w Grant xo
Thanks so much, it's great to hear!
Hooray, I'm doing my first Inman Park Festival this year! I'll be in the Arts & Crafts section. Time to make lots and lots of jewelry!
The best croissant I've ever had was not in Paris but in Colombia in la panaderia la loca.
The only safety video I watch. The finger wag is hilarious. :)
Unless it's already been done. I don't know. :^\
boo can I borrow your headphones I left mine at home /:
Um gettin that Y membership back soon
not ready for this game at all ... lets hope everything goes good.
love your pictures, hope you will be at the parade next week to get the city at its "greenest!"
Wow...25% of our webinar participants say they are marketing their online programs in the international market. Way higher than I expected!
Tapping into your world.
very reasonable haha
I'm back after a short hiatus (computer was acting up as usual)... getting ready to start work tomorrow!!
08' Pinot Noir from Burgundy is here! Aromas of candied cherry, red licorce & a Grand Marnier finish will make your mouth water immediately
Will do!
Lmaol "weather ur the.first one in or the last one in.... Rider!!!"
TRUE!! RT Selling a matching bikini top and bottom separately is literally the shittiest thing that happens.
- you're welcome!
Not about what you saw, but rather what you learned!
oh I highly doubt that. Especially with a fab last name like yours. #SoCool. ;)
I wanted to join you, but we're too short-staffed here right now. I expect tweet by tweet updates.
we are back in the studio again recording this coming week but this time just as backing vocals featuring on a 10 tracked album.thank u lord
Drinking absinthe. Love it.
cool! we updated our site to say 18+. So excited for the show!
Yeah Packers should go sign that guy he is a beast,Imagine that guy on a winning team,Would almost make Packers seem unfair.
hollow da don
Anyone seen this Wesley Snipes flick game of Death??!??
is working on our company emails. IMAP here we come.
Arriving to the event!! I'll keep you guys posted :-) #Christmas bazaar!
Thanks for RT
The mind is not a book, to be opened at will and examined at leisure.
My timeline just made be laugh
.... TONIGHT WAS THE REASON I LOVE GLEE... WHY I'VE STUCK AROUND... FALCHUCK EFFING BLESS. PERFECTION.
Do you create interactive art or technology? We want you to show it off at an upcoming #thirstdc main event. So inter-tube us, nerds!
Oh...I thought people were using two different hash tags for General Conference.
Were you there tonight? Come say hi next time. I play for the Hustlers and have the only Australian accent in
ha with who
Thanks for following, Claudette.
OMG #Glee is so funny xD
B-day greeting from ? You have arrived! Happy anniversary of your birth, GF! Hope it is spectacular.
This just keeps getting worse!
Can't wait to play on the same line-up as White Denim this Friday... We hope they see us play and want to form a super group.
Kevin is Louis's fake bird,there are 6 r's,Harry has 4 nipples,and Liam is afraid of spoons!!!!:D
I've had the deluxe album on replay since I got it Tuesday :)
We're like fire and gasoline. I'm no good for you, you're no good for me.
Any time, friend!
Harvey Mackay's new book "The Mackay MBA of Selling in the Real World" is #1 on Wall Street Journal, #2 on USA Today, and Top 10 NYT!!
Soaking up some Florida sun. Come join me ;)
Oh, yes, one more thing, please ask your friends to LIKE US here on my fan page, it is so very much appreciated! Love you all, Traveler
Elusive sources? RT : Are you a dog owner? AP would like to talk to you for an article. Please email or call 212-621-7115.
I don't know what to think about the name of the coin sorter I bought. Money Miser.
anybody had a fancy tea, (like high tea) at a hotel in bmore recently? hit me up. (it's for a story).
Thanks Art - happy Friday to you!
#wecanttalk if u cant fit a magnum lol!! yeah i threw that out there just being real
Bye,, babies I'm goint to go to my mum home....
Hey, where'd our home equity, retirement funds & Public Treasury go? O, it's in Cheney, Romney & friends' offshore accounts.
Man, i'll kill for that pizza puff right now.
Love the letter idea. Too often (a grad student) I see teachers dive into to something only they know they purpose of.
I need nap..
HCA rules in Wicks v. State Rail case concerning the interpretation of s 30(2)(a) of the Civil Liability Act 2002 (NSW): [2010] HCA 22.
Wishing Tay'Von a Happy 4th Birthday and Screaming, HAPPY MOTHER'S DAY to the real moms not you silly girls who did just to trap ya BD
I miss when I was little and everything was perfect and if something was wrong, it was never a big deal.
aww thanks.. yes i have recorded several songs! love it :)
seriously mark up - the ref can't pay all your bills
Goodluck at your interview today!!
i don't that's going to work..haha. i'll try. i miss everyone already!
The sincere support of of the Palestinian Hunger Strikers made me respect them even more & make sure they are on the RIGHT path!
You'll love my cookies! They are delicious!
Happy Leap Day!
"we're from Dayton, OH. Not too far. Not as bad as Pittsburgh. What's the last good band that came from Ptsbrg? The Ben Rothlisberger Band?"
Everyone go follow he's really cool and he would really appreciate it!
Show me a good time.
Part booty big titty women >
How do I use twitter?! I feel like I'm doing everything wrong on here >__<
If only you really ran the city.... It's very apparent that you don't.
I can only imagine what the other drivers thought as they saw me super-leaning, making faces as I drove...
My brothers in jail and can't make it to the bonfire tonight. :(
Based on what is trending right now, the Grammys must be on and Paul McCartney is playing with the Foo Fighters.
I will no longer waste my time relieving the past, instead I will spend it worrying about the future.
Nice meeting you.
we're listening to #HEARTSUP in the office. Never gets old. If we give a lil love, maybe we can change the world?
It's on! RT : Downtown SF workers: Lunchbox Project asks you to bring a lunchbox Friday to reduce takeout waste...
Thank you SO much for distributing those!
Obese job applicants face bias: report - Ninemsn
i have a lot of things to do today and decided to do nothing. lazy day.
what have they done - or rather haven't then done?
Mouth for War
students--2011 tax info now available for pick-up in the Fiscal Ops. Form 1098T and W2 for those employed by College in '11.
How's the weather in CHI thus far? Rainy/chance of delay again?
I told you my friend, next time I'm down there, I'd like to get together and chill.
53 yard field goal
Everytime Jim says playoff run I punch a puppy. You want that on your conscience, Jim?
I didn't catch that little piece of info;) But, I did notice 'Hanukkah' is misspelled in the press release.
I'm still here bitches-A
if you can't make her a wife, Then don't make her a mother
Another rainy day
I am using to see the buzz around the web. Join me! REGISTER AT THIS WEBSITE AND GET 1 HUGE BUBBLE BATH!
Two shows coming up this week! Check them out! We have presales for both!
ok, I've been milking this nap for the longest now... I guess I'll get up
nice. Believe it or not, it is super windy in Austin today! Feels like I am home!
i'm okay with orange the color will make me look skinny
Also, thanks for coming up from Chicago to get in on the action !
Good morning Chicago! Make it a great day!
#NCAA bracket question - If you do more than one bracket, do you make them similar with slight changes or totally different?
Had so much fun last night. This headache is worth it
lol. We better :P! And yup, you look like you are back in middle school or something. Nothing like a senior. Haha:)
Morning all! Happy Friday!
I wonder how I recounted nightly events before camera phones?
Seriously. Why did I come to work today?
you're very welcome! Xo!!
The TV show "Dancing with the Stars" has raised the profile of ballroom dancing in every country it has been shown in with many dance...
Thanks for the Dropmark recommendation. How do you use it?
6 until whenever
Congrats to all the presenters!
MQB's opening was great.
he'd be stupid not too. I mean look at you.. you're beautiful. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Great win for the
poster by anonymous? You should just have the poster printed & put some cool graphic sticker or a spray paint tag on it
exactly>>>.just cause we dont want to deal wit that shit. we r called weak,,,,we just wanna be happy!!
Sounds like a good night ! What ru working on?! I have #film for u to process yet...
ah thats good there only 4 buses up here.
doing some pre-shopping for a VIP client! Hmm, what will we find today?!
lmfao you're a virgin tho. :p
I'm a BITCHatTIMES and I don't give a FUCK!
Bragging rights for a year: Sarah, Dana, Zeke, Meredith, Caitlin & Seth take home top prize in the case competition at MBA Opening Residency
Solo home-run for Raul Ibanez as he makes this his 15th career two-homer game. #Yankees up 4-2 over the #Rays in the bottom of the 7th.
hell yes cuzz...hella funny..i do feel you..
#InCaseYouDidntKnow I never stopped liking you.
What shall I do today?? Hm... Pool, beach, spa?? That sounds pretty good.
Law firms being anti-social with social media is costing them revenue
RT : Every #actor has faced tons of rejection. And you will too. Forever. Don't let it define you. Because it doesn't.
Can't complain. Keeping busy. I didn't realize you hadn't totally transitioned to freelancing. Did I spill the beans?
It sucks when you do something wrong,on accident,and the person wont talk to you. :'(
Um, looks ah-mazing tonight at the #oscars. Love the hair!
You have to dream before your dreams can come true
Has anyone strummed the guitar yet on Google's homepage? You can even record it. So creative.
Hm I wonder why its cold...lol RT : Cold as shit in my room wit the window and fan on
have fun!
The world record for Ocarina of Time is 22:32...that's sad on so many levels
Bout to take a bullshit ass quiz
#BostonHusky is not happy. Let's go, Huskies! : Jim Calhoun is not happy...and neither am I.
I didn't make it to the International Festival this year but I'm glad to hear it went well. Thanks for the interesting article !
maybe you can toss one for me? ;)
of course! Thanks for sharing the awesome posts!
RT Mhm, I love that cereal! RT honey bunches of oats :p
My Last - Big Sean:)
I woke up to the cutest picture text ever :3
S/o to my cuh for doin his thang out were! we that
Haha ite I'll try. I need to win out to make the playoffs and I'll still need some help.
Rice with the weekly double…2 wins, two CUSA weekly awards. Player of the Week to #AK14 and Frosh of the Week to Ahmad Ibrahim. Congrats!
I shall call you the Crocker.
Sounds like a plan. P.S. The tees are going over stupendously.
i am kicking around registering to do that again. might be a good distraction from all the work around the house when we move in.
Bored rite na....
to me you do :(
I did teddy bear I corrected it :)
Economic empowerment for women is a human rights issue. -Fatima Ahmed
you got it ;)
Jay "Mixin'" Dixon returns to WRKS (98.7 Kiss FM)/New York, this time as PD.
me too dude. me too. c;
oh yeah! Haha
have you tried calling her?
my tweet was from ccha so im definitely winning!
We're looking for a new online event registration supplier. Any recommendations?
who thought the patient was the bottleneck?
is this my love?
Great town, great time of year to visit!
We are live with Legal Expert Mark O'Mara talking about Clearwater as location for jury selection in #caseyanthony case
Every action has a reaction!
American media will not recognize Egypt as part of Africa, So I can no longer trust American media and am no longer willing to follow them.
same here...definitely a summer banger lol
Welcome to the Facebook page of After School Products. We offer products for after school programs that kids love.
What you see in yourself is what you see in the world - Proverb
Can U giVe a ShOuT oUT tO yOur HaWaii SuPpoRterZzZ?? Please ;) RT <3
I think the #Packers need some Tebow mania.
@ me tho RT : I would rape #Oomf and he'll like it too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
After analyzing the Matt LaPorta situation in detail, it is a really difficult one for the Tribe; fans won't be happy either way.
Hey everyone, sorry I haven't updated today. I'm out of the shop and just returned from the dentist. Feelin pretty woozy!
girl I see u there every week. Then again, bad argument cus u could say the same lol
Happy Holidays to all!!!
new season started last night yo.
you know me all to well! Lol
Good Morning! What is everyone having for breakfast?
That's exactly what I was thinking, but I chose to go with a reference other people would actually get.
I can't stand when people don't call to cancel an appointment!
can you make it so I can write a paper on tosh.o? He somehow fits into popular culture ;)
#SinceWhen is it awesome for disrespect to be thrown around like candy on Halloween -_-
How is it already May?! Where has the time gone??
Aw ! Thank you so much again ! You are so sweet !
Which is your idea?
Thankyou Received my largest order today!
Much excitement about the possibility of alias email addresses.
RT : My woman of the year is Elizabeth Warren. She stands up for the 99%.
I am now! Just got back from a run!
Connecting w/students as online instructor: consider context, level of course and students, welcoming tone, establish credibility
Good job! Welcome to the 21st century
no problem looking forward to seeing more of your work.
Cam rental rtns, collection of final footage and continued editing; full day here today.
So tired of all this spam on twitter!((
I just learned about emoji from Changed my life. Your mom and I should talk/exchange sushi emoticons.
We climax..without the ladder
who cares, start saying it really loud!! Hahaha
jealous!! I'm in Alabama for the wknd. Going for a run in the snow?!
one of the best inventions of our time. close second to the iphone and/or mc hammer pants.
when I graduated from uk they spelled my name Erica in the program. Couldnt even get my gender right.
Happy Mother's Day to all the moms
Newsflash: Suicide attacks plus manifestos= THAT WAS TERRORISM. Saying it's not because he was a middle class white guy is bullshit!
Good Morning Twitter. My body is so sore but I don't care I'm gone be back at it tonight.
Two sponsors so far for my Chicago based radio show. If I'm on the radio, should I wear a tie?
A library in L.A. has a valuable copy in circulation -- with your autograph!
"If Texas were a Country... Now don't get any ideas..." makes the jokes while talkin' SERIOUS BUSINESS.
now i can't go back to sleep
Similarly! We will have to meet next time I make it home to
make cookies in dirty shapes
RT : Fun #TechMunch panels on brands, PR, blogs, publishers and great views at Annenberg
Reading texts half asleep is like looking into the sun
You guys ARE half my friends! (And I don't even know !)
Whoever wears the shoe :)
Purchased - Nice, but... Am I the only one who was hoping for some default styling in the responsive stylesheet?
Happy Mother's Day to my hot ass Mom ! I love you SO much! Can't wait to see you!
Thanks for your order of CleanStart today!!! You will love it.
why would you post that pic of me and you spelled my name wrong
we have a monthly hh ar Vinoteca the 1st Thurs of every month and the rest of the month is all over town. Ill keep u posted
Any of my royals followers going to the game tonight?
I wish you loved me as much as I love you.
"Now if you give me some algebra I'll go ham on that sh*t!" Ladies and gentlemen... The !
Got this rug on my head finally twisted up. Looks good to. :) Gud shit.
thank you! I hope someone does!
No problem. If you're familiar with the Anaqua Springs subdivision, it's about 1.5 miles beyond that.
do you live near by? It's right where I live.
The market manipulators got some leverage and the markets and are trying to drive them positive. Can they do it by 3pm CDT?
Thanks for entering our giveaway!!!
ya right.
conspiracy theory much? Me thinks you've been watching too many movies about TV news. We don't work that way.
How the eff u get fired on ur b day...
Presumptive GOP Pres nominee Mitt Romney still AWOL from Sunday News Talk Shows.
Volunteer , tomorrow !
Good Morning Chicago! Have a great day!
I'm WEEPING just reading my TL about
#bawse RT : I just destroyed two sandwhiches in only a matter of minutes lol
Check out my Youtube channel, with lots of acting tips and advice on making it in the film industry: www.youtube.com/jakecarpenterstudio
how can i get one'my bday coming up i would like one for my bday'
RT : I'm bout to release a song stay tuned.... #HigHeadWednesdays <- !!!!
made my house look so festive for the holiday. Contact her for holiday decorating or other interior needs
Panthers lost two LB's maybe I should go and suit up for them!
ashley, e-mail me at ... i'll hit you with the questions.
we do u little niggas put all that Damn alcohol..... I get drunk of 3 cups of hypnotic
Are there expectations around these observations?
Woke up this morning to another dead kitten in the middle of my floor :(
ATTENTION all Wild Things fans! We are creating a new cover photo for our Facebook page and we need your help to make it a success!
Monitor your hits and traffic to your website by using free Google analytics
You know what amazes people more than anything at baseball games? Broken bats. "WHOA!"
To everyone who is sad, you deserve to smile. The earth loves you
Thanksk for tweeting. Sounds good.
signing up another new client this morning. i love getting people healthy!!!!!
if you have an hour tonight to be in Allen, one of the top officers is speaking about her last trip she went on for free
6 days until we #StopSDGEPowerlink. Come down to Sempra HQ at 12:30 on Monday March 7 with signs and enthusiasm! Green, NOT greed!
We just wrapped production for Convenia/Pfizer Pharmaceutical!
he's just building us up to kill off another beloved character...sadistic bastard
I'll not speak for Rob, but re:textmapping we're hoping for the latter, doing prep work for the former
On my birthday ima b hollering another round.
RT Want to hear about books, recipes and contests galore? Follow ...10k by turkey day to win great swag!
#Mets, #Rays & #SFGiants all came from behind in the 9th inning to win their afternoon games.
free is the only way to go, as the space will be dominated by googlewave and sharepont. only giga-projects will need a paid answer
I think I looks good!(:
Great time at Alex Pizza today! Thanks to everyone who side stepped the rain for some free lunch!
a chicken wearing a cape just stopped play during the blackburn-wigan match. northwest england is such a mystifying land.
Thanks. It just happened.
Its an expereince I will never forget. The OKC memorial is for the bombing victims, running for that cause will change you
yeah the nab special, did some 3D photos during the trip this weekend, trying to figure out how best to share them
He's so hot, he's on fire! The hottest news dude in SD... really?
Thinking exact same thing.
Beer...coffee...lots of spicy foods. .....dear stomach lining....kiss my ass!
okay, working like a slave but getting everything done. How you been?
Vernice Armour is about to take the stage. Go Fly Girl!!
never got one!!
come back :(
Time for the Saturday edition of
.: "The word 'philanthropist' is ripe to be democratized."
Looks like we've got some great points of connection. Look forward to the exchange!
That presentation was the best i've ever done! I'm improving! Omg! My teacher said that i'm the presentation to beat! Woo!
Why wait? Download your own copy now of A-Town Veteran on
Seems fair.
cause my mom is stupid.....
thanks for the shout out!
just went to the teachers lounge to buy the class drinks.
Your a waste of my time so u have to go...
Think outside the box. Women's Studies degrees are a good foundation for leadership roles in non-profits, politics, and business.
This is my final chance...I am going through with it this time no matter how scared I get. #Promise <3 <U+266A>
come make a trip
just sent a link to your aol e-mail acct re: earlier conversation.
This year is going to be amazing! Working on the plans right now
and this is why i look up to you as a rolemodel, you let nothing get in your way<3
Hey you! lol Can you give me a call at your earliest convenience
thanks Ellie! All good now!
I'm about to drive back to center city and spit on a few of these OWS fucktards. I get their message I guess, but not showering is lame
The badge of awesomeness is nimbleness, adaptability & being thrifty.
Ribs USA in Burbank?
Want to add a WORKOUT BUDDY to your account?? Do it now for reduced Monthly Dues and No Enrollment Fee!!! TODAY ONLY
how's scrant?
Damn why am I headed to the office so early? Oh yeah.
Is Zombie Favre unstoppable?
terrible nasty
I don't like to brag. So my bitches brag for me
Jon Busch is the man.
Had to called Nay to see what's new! Lmao
Mayor Ford has noted Joan River's line "a man does not put his hand up a woman's skirt looking for her library card" --her TTC pass, maybe.
I just fell a little bit more in love w/ So grateful 4 the freedom 2 have political dissent w/humor, intelligence, charm&wit.
So is now tweeting as The Mayans were right...
We’re glad to hear you think so ! Thanks for finding time to enjoy a bar this weekend.
Lol at this house going nuts for the game. I can't even hear myself think
are you watching The Sing Off tonight !!!!???<U+E404>
the brilliance of Boogie Nights can not be overstated. PTA is a genius.
safe travels.
I'm so broke I can't shop. I love theraputical shopping.
-- Get well, Marquette brother.
hey Deion when u were with the Yankees, was Dave Griffin as good as he says he was.. He's a friend of mine...
“: In honor of LeBron's 3rd MVP, KIA unveils the new 2013 KIA LeBrontima" It gets 3/4 of the way there and then the engine dies.
i have Strep ... So , My party's postponed to sometime next weekend (maybe) . ):
sharing is caring RT What would happen if the phone were...truly social? looks to answer with just.me.
I can't trust anyone but myself .
Apparently when you are on track to sell out a hotel and visit for a night, a 5pm checkout is totally cool. Good to know :-)
From my understanding, BK joint venture forces franchisees in eastern US to sell to one private firm if they want out,lowering their value.
If you're unsettled about something, ask God to bring u peace about it. You may have let go of God, but He's never let go of you.
Funny how people glorify celebs but cant take the time to pay respect to real people....real heroes...
is a mahomie too, respect her like you respect all the rest of the mahomies! Don't be afraid to talk to her she is AMAZING!
Getting addicted to
Portland, OR, one my fave cities. What are you doing for my birthday weekend? LOL.
poor baby, u need some vitamins lady.
let's make a plan to make a plan about planning a parade!
Correct! Street-side slots were for motorists.
retweeted me. Definition of
can we have a shutout????
drink a big ass canister of water and vinegar
the fat green fox hopped past the boring dog.
me so exited
This fight bout to get ugly
Nancy Pelosi says she supports abortion and gay marriage because she is Catholic. Does she go to church?
What did you go for on your last visit to the dentist? Cavity? Teeth Whitening? Wisdom Teeth?
Merci! Isn't Patrick so wonderful?!
What are the odds on one who has taken course (College, Born Into, Community or Religion) amounting to more than pupil or pawn?
Wish I was going to I'll just rage twice as hard at :)
thanks for the follow!!!
Take a picture in grey sweatpants an over-sized shirt, hair in a messy bun and no make up, and then upload it
The office season 6 episode 5... Gets me every time. Jim is the ultimate man #niagra #wedding #office #PB&J
B warns of Amazon cancellation notice scam. Do not click on the links in the email.
your gonna get it sooner or later .
Every culture gets the public intellectual it deserves. We get Jose Canseco.
These lavish luxuries are not just giveaways, they are carefully thought out promotions that will elevate an existing brand.
I'm not sure, but I will find out and post on our Facebook and Twitter if there is.
Thanks & Glad that you liked it.
This is so fun!
Anyone skate phxam???
So Trying To Set up a Summer 2012 Tour, any advice on best venues to hit up in the Midwest??? Places that really like to Rock!
what was the pick? DVR cut out because show ran long.
A shocking omission. You can come to the New York event on Thursday....
Excited for my first WSOP tournament ever. Getting in a swim and some Hellmuth yoga now. Good luck and
RGIII he's gonna go with a Droid cause he doesn't wanna be like Luck haha
The first taping of "On Tap" went well. We have a lot to learn! But overall the test run was a major success.
thanks :D
In the famous baseball advice by Willie Keeler to batters, "Hit em where they ain't"
Free #Sazs barbecue sauce when u buy a cube of #MillerLite #WINNING!
just talking to my friend & sister (You)! lol :)
I have a taste for Cold Stone
Love that combo
cause your a spineless coward
I try to give equal time. In her case, she just looks so bad I can't avoid it! I worry for her health!
#fridayreads: Thick as Thieves by Peter Spiegelman.
I also dislike when you're sitting across from a hot person in the computer lab & can't help but stare @ them until you're inevitably caught
at 'Naughty in N'awlins' swinger event. Its a beautiful day in new orleans !
lol I'll think about it but maybe not
nothing much! talking to friends wbu?
“ She used to be the sweetest girl.”
a big fuck you too you too .
need to get in the studio asap!!! i got a joint for us! (pause)
#np sean paul-never gonna be the same
Need suggestions on good survey tool to use on Twitter, Facebook, etc. Which one is easiest to use from a responder's point of view?Thanks.
Only 3 people know who I really am;)
I fucked up
Where did you get the new Dokken!??!?!
May Day
OMGoodness. The #CorbinBaby just stole the spotlight from the speaker with a huge burp. #obviously such a lady.
it would taste better in a Viking cup!
RT I applaud the leadership of President Biden.
Justin is at Selenas concert singing right now lol.
the new figures will be released first at the San Diego Comic con. Thanks so much for asking. Keep watching the OSM site!!!
If there's anyone who would let me stay at their house, I could use a place to stay. I don't need food, just a place to sleep.
bring on the 18 game schedule!
Keith #Olberman on #ThisWeek? Switching to
“: Fuck public speaking.” just get drunk first, pretty soon you'll be singing in public
What a nice message of inclusion :)
i wanna go see the lucky one today it looks so good! :)
Feelin sick as fuck. Work everyday though.
sure i already did
I can finally eat again!
Almost 20k mgs of sodium is going into this 'healthy' pasta salad.
Weird ass females......loud as hell..smh
be still my heart. My 3 Fave things, Nikki, ice cream AND delivery?!?
I came from feel-good, perfect weather in Cali to 100 freaking degrees in Vegas. Oh, jajajooooy.
Its sad when people are making you choose between the girl you like and your #mahomies. Your a teenager who cares if you date!
Is your dj tonight at Haven lounge Miami Beach...1237 Lincoln rd
I'm going to pretend you said some awesome Three Floyds or Brugge beer and #tweers it up. ;)
Lol RT : So Last night.. The pizza man left my house and asked me for a tip.. I told him "Don't Trust These Hoes
"Feel, Felt, Found" it's a technique used by high school boys LOL
Gotta feel that, if the #Pens can take another huge W tonight, Flyers rookies start getting inside their own heads like Pens in 07.
working working and working that's all.
RT : Disunion blog by Nicole Etcheson. She will present her latest research on Nov 11....
yeah he does!!
loll at "meaty" loll
Are you 'healing' or 'recovering' from your workouts? Exercise Intelligently...
Apologies for the late tweet but it was great having in on Monday-lots of good advice for Planning! cc:
dog, walk thyself
SLAP just plays the same stuff week after week. It gets old after a while...
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle White Titties Can't Jump.
hey!!! I love your acc<3 can you please please please follow? It would actually mean SO much to me!!! please?? ;**
#pii2012 /agree w on the need for narrow laws that protect your social media accounts from employees
yep, I hope that Light Table learns from it
I'm beautiful, on the inside...look closer.
Two Atlanta area Costcos sell Solomon's #kosher rib steak, flanken ribs, briskets, top rib roast and refrigerated poultry.
He was rockin it hard!
is my other account.
Lastest IM Reviews Posts ANDROID TABLET PC REVIEW: Blackberry Playbook 7-Inch Tablet (16GB)
Watching "El Prezi-dente" rocking a meeting - yet again - with #prezi !
come on bottom of the order you have done it all season so far... continue....
Who didn't see this coming? Tragic but expected.
Could a female politician be involve in a Weiner-like scandal? Or are women just wired differently than men, cyber-sexually?
hey boo :)
#2ThingsIAppreciate Friends and Loved ones.
Sweet! ": In this weekend? Be sure to check out its newest spot,"The Night Porter",in the old La Jolla building!"
you cold hearted bastard! hope karma bites you in the ass! i hope you go through hell just like i did! you dont deserve love!
Good to know that I'm not on your s**t list (yet).
that's one thing I won't miss from prince, that's for sure
O AND A SHOUT OUT TO THE HUSKIES!!!!!!
Keep things in perspective and they probably won't seem as bad as you think...
tonite I'm hostin Mon nite f-ball at Park 52 Rest-5201 s harper in Hyde Park! Vikings/Jets! Free! surprize guests! Food/drinks! Game 7:30
Yeah, it was 4! :) I know!! And you can see Michael's face like "WTF?!" Haha.
I am such a sucker for old diners with vintage signs. Especially if they're filled with regulars who are greeted by name by the cook.
Well... it's time to work out!
you bought it?
you know, most people would say thank you. In normal and polite society. It's cool. I can stick to insults if you'd prefer?
Random science questions: Why do birds sing more in the morning? Why is most dirt black? Why isn't most sand black?
Boo boo was that Joan rivers n did cee loo have on bishop Eddie long robe?
Recording guitar for the new songs :D :D :D -Michael
aw thank you gorgeous :'D
Yau's new book: "Visualize This" is a nice take on visualization from a statistical POV & provides a great intro to visualization using R.
Rainy days and Mondays always get me down. Really sucks when they're concurrent. (At least I'm not anorexic though... Not even a little.)
Is there anything I need to print for Safety Assessment training Wed? #AIA2012 Ready to learn. Thank you.
It's gorgeous outside. Are you joining us on the patio this evening?
Indian night was by FAR my favorite post work-day activity at #IMLPBootcamp. #laughs #dancing #culture. Make it a bootcamp tradition!
read something yesterday that said palins endorsement has scared some of newt's supporters away.
How dare you, sir. 300 level is a clean underwear only section. Stick in PR.
HILARIOUS... & the Oscar goes to... Kourtney Kardashian as Madam F! Wait that's L... LOL ;) BRILLIANT. Many do say that sh!t...
OK, who is in charge of the Facebook "organizer" page?
do they play down to 9 tonight??
Dang, sorry Andy! We'll get on that right now.
Cody Ross = beast
IT WAS AMAYZAYN.
that's make-up day for finals. So I don't plan on going to school that day
If I am ever in the middle of a shooting, I will just lay on the floor and act like someone already killed me.
Best sentence of the day: "Phil Ochs and Tiny Tim and I played at a coffeehouse..."
you rocked the #grammys luv the new single. xo
Cheesecake factory!!!
even better
haphazard summer packing, part 12
Just played: Female Doctor - Miniature Tigers - Mia Pharaoh(unknown).
Nothing so fortifies a friendship as a belief on the part of one friend that he is superior to the other
that's 120 points right there.
Dad's, this Women's History month, start a dialogue with your daughter about becoming a women worthy of the history books.
man i cant find this Kendrick Lamar song
Raymond Knapp: the sound Broadway's mean streets in Guys & Dolls, Wonderful Town, West Side Story, and Company.
Hey lady! Thanks for following my brand.
Thanks! It's still a long way from being published, but it's a step in the right direction! :D
she IS hot, Cowherd is a annoying pussy.
Not much who is this?
thanks for the
i need you <3
On board, bound!
Minecraft is amazing! I love playing on servers :D
hey dave war of SQUIRREL!!!! Sry have a good morning...
Brain is full from this mornings sessions at #AATE -- can't wait for the afternoon sessions!
I think it's on most of the local news channels.
AP English test in a few minutes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet. <U+2665>
WTH? When you get back on here lol and y u ain't get me a pack smh
I love my penis.
Thanks so much for the retweet!
Don't feel bad. They took off Unforgettable, too! :-(
I'm trying to keep up my hydration level up so I can sit through the Penguins, Canucks game.The water snorting has to stop
girl. Its no fun here in Ohio either. Lol.
You do know those people right? lol
The last two Extek 3100 sivler duplicators are making their way to Russia. Not to worry, newer models are still being manufactured!
What is the best new product at the #hpmkt you have seen so far?
I made right now
Don't really have anything to do today, I'm bored
I strongly believe Manu can see the future.
#ThirstyThursday in the loop. Get ready for St. Patrick’s Day with $5 Jameson shots.
Come on pacers
I would like the secret formula as well. Thank you. Have a nice day.
RT : wv supco says same sex couple can keep foster child.
I haven't bought a tshirt in forever. Only dresses and dressy tops lately. I'm very proud of myself. Cause my closet is full of tshirts. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097>
ur being mean today ;(
RT : RT : When boys sing to you, even if they can't sing at all. (':
I'm about to watch twilight for the first time, don't judge me, I'm only doing it because its on TV
I am an uncle!
“What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny mat­ters com­pared to what lies within us.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
it looks so AWESOME!!! XD #nice!! Did your mom let you?(:(:(:(:
are you emailing it... If so you can send it to my management.
ik. i'm hilarious af. nojuan can handle it.
Thanks for the shout-outs! :D
#goodnight tweeps!!! Much love!! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
this is Sonny Joe lol
Anyone know what became of the Houston Origami Festival that used to be held at Tansu?
Lost World has decided to change things up and now we'll only sell VHS tapes and Juggalo merchandise.
another flyers win! Good stuff
These crusty ass shuttle drivers are starting to irritate me
“: Bulls r done...that was torn acl....I've seen that loose knee check before”. Was waiting for the ACL call from someone
Morning high b so ryte
lol im always in the mood to fuck u up smith kisses !
Longworth: NATO cannot swallow Russia: "Too big, too eastern, too nuclear."
"H2O:Supply and Demand" playing at the November Edition of the Enzian Theater Film Slam, in Maitland, FL, this Sunday at 1pm.
Ya know, I get why #pundits think election2012 is gonna be tight, but I would love to see a full sweep against the #GOP! lol
I haven't smoked weed all day I'm about to have a good high tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
#FF Have a wonderful Super Bowl weekend!
Fear is the Emotional Outburst of unbelief -
Bye, Marist. See ya in January. En route to Jersey with
probably because of the Republicans and their evil estate tax cuts expiring.
no, it's like Fight Club: the first rule of being a Hipster is that you deny being a hipster.
#4c12 tomorrow. Be gentle, it's my first time...
Talk about sacrificing for your kids. Sitting through this was pure torture.
Late for work! < Reason for being late <U+263A>! No sleep all day; wtf am I gonna do! Hope it goes by fast.
not too bad to be honest .... Its an OG colorway so u know us old heads had to cop em lol
hopes and have a great time in San Diego and bring me back
I agree - rubrics can too often limit instead of guide. Tough line to walk.
Altavista Soldier Injured in Afghanistan - WSET
": Calling all museums - what are your top 5 language translations within your museum? Thanks. Please RT"
RT Dana is trying to sell me on Chief Keef...not really working /:
For sure! We'll probably break the camera lens with our powerful talent and great beauty! :)
Don't. Read. Comments.
Another successful job complete. Moved another client over to hosting and their site is speedy now :)
Don't leave something good, to find something better. Once you realized you HAD the best, the best has found better.
HELLO BEAUTIFUL PEOPLE!!!
And from crazy boardrooms to a cry fest with Army Wives. Gotta love Sunday night TV lol.
Excellent! Power to the Twitterverse!
#Hawks' Josh Smith doubtful for Game 3 against
Early morning grind!!!!!
Somebody pray for me! Please!
thank you. XOXOXO
Bed sheets cleaned for free on #freefriday . It doesn't matter if you are from #pillowtown, #blanketsburg or
o hai lady
If I'm not too busy playing Minecraft on 360 then I'll come and play tonight!
That's because the version of DarwinCore we are using has become deprecated. We're Working On Improvements.
Luck drafted first and an "RG3" chant breaks out when Luck is introduced on stage. Nice welcome hah!
I forgot what it's like to be bored.
Dear Autumn, I love you. Yours Always, ran and my love of layers
Which creditor do the now-bankrupt Dodgers owe the most money to? Manny Ramirez. I just cried a little on the inside...
aug.22nd at ShadowPlay, In Fear and Faith, Confide, Upon A Burning Body!!
I know this sounds silly, but I couldn't find the #MegaMoon..too much fog?
RIP Michael Joseph Jackson......
Holy crap. That thunder was loud
0-5...you stink! Buck, please bring back Josh Bell.
I'm sorry :/ Boys are assholes at times.
Stoked for the Dov S-Simens 2 day film school this weekend!! Can't wait.
Jersey Shore reunion<3
"Get With Me" by
Contact us & become part of our new Mobile App launching very soon.
YES, the Tank is back!!! RT "Just creating a website is not a business. #sharktank" ,
Finalizing details for NY / Phili trip... up way too late though
i just be like fuck you, what you need? you can't get nothing from me. you was talking shit, now i'm somebody you would love to be.
or... you go...NO!!! YOU TOOK MY LOVE FROM ME YOU SOM' bitch. WAAAHHH!!! and then roll on floor insert tantrum.
at least he got outs!
im fine, you just have to come to the atl
Unfortunately, my st really NEEDS to be an officer ... but he doesn't think he wants to.
this show kills me.
In the back section, A huge selection of #vintage kitchen counter scales...Great deals being offered!
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B3> better? IT SNOWS IN MA IMAGINATION
I swear I get more "wrong number" calls than anyone. At least 1 or 2 a day. I don't get it
TGIF! Out of library teaching in computer labs all week. Nice to be in demand but kids need books too. Today is the day, I hope.
You really should! Doors opened at 4, but be sure you get there early, because it'll probably be packed. Hope to see you out!
I remember the afterpains with the third were awful...
Fitness doesn't have to be scheduled in, shipped off to the gym, a big chore, etc. Make it part of your day. Sneak it in:...
Looking for "evil uses" of #SNA ... Is this an urban myth? Colombian drug lords use #SNA to find "snitches"? Any citations appreciated!
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!!
That would work for me, ladies?
I'm not going to let any one affect me like this again not even him
no problem! And you too enjoy it and stay safe!
If you can't CHANGE the people, change the PEOPLE. I'm reminded of Jim Collins' "right people on the bus" concept.
Lately whenever we put the baby to bed, our dog insists on staying with her, lying on the floor next to her crib. Sweetest thing ever.
With mushrooms?
Oh no! Not a fan of either. Hope you make it there soon!
Thanks for the follow, Margaret! What's your latest cop class?
Hearty congrats in order for one Patrick Connolly, founder of ChampionOfBirds, for being accepted to Boston University's MFA poetry program!
stop it. HOW COULD I FORGET?! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> AH I'm pumped
Follow who once bought me three 5 hour energies for my 12 hour overnight drive from Appleton, WI to Buffalo. Straight Baller!
Flacco! Holly shit! Joe Cool for president! Man, he had to win that game 3 times and he did it!
Darn! I just started enjoying my new iPad 2. Thanks to you Mr. Steve Job. May the Good Lord Bless you and your family.
lucky ass(:
#Trivia coming up in a few! 1st and 3rd people w/ correct answer win a $10 GC. Remember you must be local and please only answer once :)
#astd2012 the x factor of leadership is NOT personality! -Jim Collins
Haha RT : #cancers are alluring.. They know exactly what to do to make you want them and lures you into making a move
Can we pretend like it's Sunday night? Because that's what I feel like.
cute ass sexy girlSat
I'm so tired of the traditional love song... Every single genre.
Next step after gaining #marriageequality: getting the government out of the marriage business altogether.
woke up on some other shit.
Big tour coming up in May, summer- Bart knows better- in and out
Earl weaver baseball? I LOVED that game!!
exactly what I have preached in combination with that - read the safeties positioning presnap and post snap
I am not at school so I can't now, I have tomorrows
Just picture Keanu squeezing things into his brain in "Johnny Mnemonic" and you'll never forget how to spell it again.
Be at #OldeTownStadium at 7PM to see 'Surviving Hunger', 'Dr. Charles Stone and the Seven Trans-Dimensional Jumps' & 'Game Over'
I don't fuck with none these fluck ass niggas! I don't have or need friends! Fuck em.. Ain't nobody ever did shid but turn fake..
eff you I'm her favorite!!! Happy mothers day mama :)
*Prays for your soul* RT : RIP RT: : A Serbian Film...I'm about to watch it.
This may be bad timing, but Norway has some beautiful damn people. I still haven't seen a ugly person interviewed. Damn Vikings!!!
got any suggestions for a great year-end #fundraising email? any new angles?
Homework then practice
I dont know the key to success but the key to failure is to try to please everyone.
So full...better loosen
Corollary: the irony of career derailment is that it's often about the inability to recognize irony.
Go Wildcats! Incredible win. A great lesson in leadership through teamwork and humility. Congrats Cats!
Today's lunch special- OYSTER PO' BOY SANDWICH with french fries for $12.95 (served 11am to 6pm)
Fucking Third Eye Blind will forever be stuck in my head. I'm okay with this.
I luv it.....in my city
WES WELKER IS JOINING TWITTER! WES WELKER IS JOINING TWITTER!
Which is the best tourny to participate in next weekend in Houston?
mine was bigger
When were mad we play great or super sloppy let's see how this one pans out
Thats how you respect such a great guy
Hit me up on instagram
When you stop chasing the wrong things, you give the right things a chance to catch you.
and Steve McQueen!
Actually can't seem to send you a DM. Email me at we can set up a time tomorrow.
J-Lo release party tonite! !
It would have to be tomorrow AM. Set-up is at 11am. Call or text me and we can pick something. Thanks
Maundy Thursday service this evening at 7pm in the Sanctuary. Hope you'll join us!
#AGuyShould Never make a girl fall for him unless he's willing to catch her
Who did you kill?
another W at home, 13-1! ": Oakland holds on for the 6-4 win. #SummitLeague sweep of Western Illinois. #gamedayOU"
Independent study: turned in. To do: interview pres., Hist of the Book paper, discussion posts, grading. Do, or do not. There is no try.
that bomb that you took today was awesome. I thought that was gonna be cash
maybe free plane tickets will be part of the bailout
whoopp are you home?!
Guitar lesson tonight and then my favorite dance class, CHOICE!!!
palisades with Antonia
Hanging with and at the Century City Mall!!
I had a runny nose attack today in French when it was dead silent in the room.
Ha, ha! Ever the entrepreneur. :-)
lmao fusho!! It was crazy how we both get the same shit or think about getting the same clothes aahhaabaha
Pray for what you want. We always get what we ask for. If you don't like what you have, you can change it.
Yea, it was crazy, right?! Me too!
Well look at that. Apparently today is our Twitter Birthday. This calls for a donut.
- Gen'l. contract advice is never give exclusive license to anyone. (But this leaves rights divided.)
I paint my nails when I should be studying. My nails have been 3 different colors this week. 2 more exams!
Are you suprised? ;)
Going Wakeboarding on the river in portland again..
In my bayou voice "dem dar gatahs gon bite ya in the go go"
Tnight on 10 on ABC5: State prison workers continue their protests over safety issues and low staffing; so what will Gov. Branstad do?
Nice! LA can switchback sometimes:)
Wade Henderson of Leadership Conference: Civil rights community opposes #ESEA because of "retreat on accountability," no targets
« « oomf get on my nerves!»»
In the end, family is gold. Need to take advantage of time.
Absolutely. First at #DISH2011, and then online.
just take a deep breath and ease your mind
What are you up to these days?
this is me replying to your finding me on twitter in under 140 characters.
I need a girlfriend...(to make me a sammichh)
Yeah the Dyson is good. It's not all marketing bullshit.
OK will do
My radio just said Louis had his ass insured cause it was so nice for $160,000... oh Louis.
RENT RENT RENT RENNTTTT
Tell a friend to get "The Conscious Consumer's Guide to Supporting Black Businesses" on our site! It's the gift that keeps giving! :)
thank you for the inspiration. You are a true artist!
Don't be afraid to mix it up with patterns and colors...be bold not boring.
and where do you think you're goin!!!
Finally made it in the house.
Boi yu a pee on lil nigga. Lol yu would rather fight with the devil in hell over the last ice cube than to fuck wit me. Lol
American Me
"Never cut what you can untie."
ALWAYS get an extended warranty @ best buy. Ive been renewing the same warranty & have replaced my camera 4 times since 2006. Cost me zero $
? do people that are out of work celebrate labor day hit me up with comments
I had not seen that, thanks!
With God, its this way or that way.
I'd stay away frm BB. They're a dying breed. Android based phone or iPhone are the way to go.
RT : Hey! On which panel at the RIT conference is Glenn? // social media, 815am. You going Mark?
I Should Put Scarface As My BackGround Nbs
“Whether on the road or in an argument, when you see red, its time to stop.”
I would wager that as far as flopping goes, the most egregious offense is by those organizations tanking for picks.
Yeah, she took me to the CONCACAF games, so I'm returning the favor. :)
I know! Haha it's really bad!
Those who knew and loved Junior Seau say they didn't see this coming, there were no warning signs
we did run into her! She is off to kayak I hear!
Hey guys help me think of a dope production name with the word kisses or kiss in it
has there been research on effectiveness with adults. As a addiction Counselor its challenging using CBT, REBT, CT with adults.
Out of rehearsal! WOO!!
Come and see you us this weekend for the biggest Muay Thai fight,here the info www.shindokumate.com
RT Shuttle service (sponsored by ) today runs from 7:30am - 8pm. See pg25 of #alamw12 Program for details.
Texting has ruined Human Interaction ...
you suck.
I do the same when I make lo mein. It's the same stuff hah
going to get my dress altered!
what about #kenyonmartinisathug?
Bus just fucking broke down
Tokyo ----> Hong Kong
What would happen if twenty people whole-heartedly sought God's truth through his word for a week? How would people be changed?
I'm hungry like the wolf and ready to Rock Out another Live SINGLE CHEF show. Join me @ www.theroomlive.com 6PM 6pm Pacific, 9pm eastern
Happy I did not get towed after parking in a construction spot... Going to an impound in the rain would've been the worst.
Working Non Stop #OnMyGrind to get tees out!! #Dope #fashion is rewarded to those of us who stay #Fresh on a daily basis
Two antennae got married. The wedding was okay..but the reception was amazing.
Cheap deals in Florida, contact us to get daily new listings in your inbox
Aaron!!!! I miss you my love!!!! you still haven't arrived at my house in a box yet :/ I will forever wait
All the cute guys are from Europe. <<<<
Well I did see your name listed on quite a few times...
FanTip #1: chanting that an All-Star sucks makes YOU look like an idiot. #2: Booing athletes for being injured makes you look like a jacka$$
,,,errbody go follow
Awww Ari.. :( I wish I could give you a huge hug right now! Hugs make everything better. :)
What happens between freshman and sophomore year that makes you stop wearing a lanyard around your neck?
just wanted to say that you are such an inspiration, keep doing what your doing
It's a joke
Oh my what a day.....I am done...pizza it is kids..don't you love mom....
What's the verdict?
Just realized I wasn't on today /
i eat hot cheetos with no water :)
Now take ya fucking clothes off baby *Weeknd voice*
I used to live on the 4th floor at 1630! Wild guess but this is probably the highest-rent meth lab ever.
It absolutely boggles my mind how anyone can think The Big Bang Theory is funny or entertaining.
I agree!
don't miss me too much. Maybe I'll call in a drunken stooper with Wesley.
RT : Ft Lauderdale area Jamaican Residents Save Big on Retail Rate International FedEx-Ups & DHL Air Shipping to Jamaica with us...
what are you working on?
i live in Pearlington, MS. It is right on the border line of louisiana. 1 hour away from new Orleans, 5 from Slidell. :)
I really hope you all delete your twitter accounts when you go to apply for jobs
But they both get you wet, if you're adventurous :)
welcome home bro
"You don't realize how much you care about someone until they don't care about you
#ItsCrazyHow People can talk about someone behind their backs but all up in their face the next minunte
You are ignorant, thats why no one will miss you.
Teaching done for the semester. Now I'm in grant writing mode. 'Tis the season!
We sell the agendas to bookstores, that's why they've gotta be planned months ahead. :)
Its hot at in this city tonight...
+ to local black pastors and community leaders. Looking at pics of that's child, there is really no justifying that type of brutality.
How was #craftup? I didn't get home until about 11 p.m.
Sad to hear about the passing of Davy Jones. He'll forever be the cute one from the Monkees who kissed Marcia Brady on the cheek. RIP
you texted me that?!!!
Pretty sure my landlady just folded all my laundry.
My home state is falling apart.
Wow! Does that person need a hug???
What was lost now is found, dirty n smelly but found and ok!
Whoa. What's up with frank Martin. That was weird.
Send a note/card to: A Recovering American Soldier c/o Walter Reed Army Medical Center 6900 Georgia Avenue NW; Washington, D.C. 20307
#artsummit #access Smart critique of access to mic, IFACCA responds right away, take the mic to you. Good job!
Thx for the shout out! You Rock :)
NICE! let me know how it is.
omg the fajitas look amazing, so much better than the super bland chicken I just had...ugh lol
hahaha yes I love the koala one! I don't have any more saved on my phone -__- lol
Sade - "Love Deluxe". Amazing.
It's amazing that I can use such big #words yet feel so...stupid.
Motivation... I'm full of that... Get yours cause I'ma get mine... via DreDynastyofFD
Mitchell Airfares Remain Low, But Gain Altitude
OH: "It's so sunny out, I want to go outside. I'm like a little child. On acid."
Spend little time on the "why of life!" No explanation can hold a candle to understanding thru experiencing...knowledge vs. wisdom.
hopefully I will be chill at lunch tomorrow, doubt it
panic attack has set in. This time tomorrow, I will be either drunk or sleeping
#np Diamond Girl - Ryan Leslie <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Great presentation and talk led by Em Sea Water at the UB session of CityLit Teens today! He covered poetry, spoken word, hip hop and more.
Bo held court...it was awesome.
The lasers are alive in ! on at 10:45!
RT : yes! (Enjoy Mother's Day w/family!)
#itmakesmesmilewhen I open my eyes in the morning laying on my back & I can see the ceiling & get up & know I'm a day closer to my goals.
How You Really Need To Wash Your Food — And Your Hands Yes, I agree that we should wash our fresh produce before we eat it because we d
Thx to whoever tweeted a line from Golden Girls theme earlier. Now I'll be humming that and thinking of Bea Arthur's man-voice all weekend.
yup you are correct in regard to the NJPS in Xml.... Good luck getting the rights to it though;)
Leaving soon for Emory. Planning meeting for 2013 Convention in Atlanta: American Association for the History of Medicine
Dang it's been a long day.. We finally got our new design finished last night so everybody is excited to see it on some shirts.
That happiness "state of mind"? I'm not in it today.
Best moment of yesterdays concert, when Marc took mt iPhone on stage and taped his new song. See video on FB.
Kings of Colorado - 2011 B&N Discover Great New Writers Pick!
Do your kids like gummi bears? Try our gummi bear tea! It's high in vitamin c!
I think it's about time we get together for lunch again! Let me know when you have time :-)
yes! I love u BFF!
That girl was kind of cute though wonder how old she is...
Thanks for the support. Stay tuned.
At the movies with the girls
Getting ready for the #shredathon toaday #nowlistening check them out if you haven't already.
Jake locker stays? Awesome
Times come where you need to rank work and school over other things, this is the time
Not all Asians can be charming like me.
hey girl
It's safe to say while finding old things I put everyone of my ex's through hell
The main character's new world can be a fantasy one. But there are still rules.
MLS' Don Garber in Orlando: "Yesterday’s U-23 victory vs Mexico is more important than beating Italy." (because what Olympics mean in USA)
IT'S 11:11 MAKE A WISH MAKE A WISH N SAY <3
turn in the last step of EH
“: how much Asgard face do you catch? #Thor”
Thank You for the follow suggestion
how did it feel
IndyCar's Brazil race is in the books. Will Power wins, good crowd in attendance. Big sponsorship presence by Nestlé Kit Kat bar.
Haha so was I.! I was so murked in this picture. :)
And before I leave I must say I'm obsessed with my nails. Now bye.
Welcome Back Carrie Underwood!!! Love you! :)
I'd be lying if I said I didn't miss you..”
Copyedits....shall I sprinkle in a few more f-bombs just to annoy (cause he never gets to use 'em?)
It's my phons bitch. Don't fucking touch it<U+E414>
I don't know how I missed this earlier, but how did Tony Blair not get an invite but Ian Thorpe did??
i was just gonna say.. there's an app for that
could u say that again I just like the sound of it!
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A chance of showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the mid 60s. South winds 5 to 10...
Cool! Thanks!
that is kind of a mixed message.
I'll be on till tomorrow ;/
I miss those weekends when we would do the craziest things .
Been too long! Coming out to Colorado anytime soon?
Make sure you take a moment in between things to relax! I know it's go-go-go but sometimes it helps me think!
play a show while you're here! Pretty please?
Niggas that pickup money frm the floor and RE-RAIN hahhahaha WOW
So fun seeing your Tweets after meeting at NAIS!
i preciate bro.we got this rap game
We still need turkeys. Lots of people requesting Thx food boxes. Drop them off at 3 NW Third in pdx or 503-274-4483
Will Never know what i want untill I know what it is i don't need
ARE YOU FOLLOWING Do so at your own risk as I do not advocate all views tweeted about LOL
who knows lol
Ima marry this year. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Joke: I'm Japanese & Jewish, which makes me a JAP JAP. Joke #2:"Whose line is it anyway?" -Wayne Brady doing coke w friends
Tryin this thing called sleep .
Haters have one advantage over me, they can kiss my ass, i can't...
thinking about traveling, need to get out of new york city, any suggestion?
No gamd today :(
I agree with all three statements!
Simon Pegg, Simon LeBon, & the annoying fellow from X Factor.
9:10 in "Oldie" is the most epic verse in my lifetime so far. by every meaning of the word tho
I'm not sure how I wanna feel about that...
EXPERT IF YOU MAKE YOURSELF EASY TO UNDERSTAND?
More #soccer Coachisms: This game has gone true to form. = We were overmatched from the first whistle.
Blue Bell ice cream :3 >
DAMN YOU MEAN TO TELL ME BOSH MEAN THAT MUCH TO THE HEAT??.
you're awesome!
Two bitches
thanks for sharing. Topic close to my heart.
lmao cut my veins and it's pure blue baby
YEA SHUT UP LOL
happy birthday sexy mama
I was commenting on what a guest had said on the
baby ur my heart n I wud do anything to keep yu happy. Muah mi amor
#Rangers game tonight. Get to watch Beckett pitch. Still gotta root for the home team, cuz if they don't win it's a shame, #leggo Rangers!
Forgiveness is the key to action and freedom. ~Hannah Arendt
Are you still part time?
Thanks Nolan and , appreciate all of the support from our team!!
damn... take me back to the 80's and high school. #imissthe80's
thanks for the #loyola updates. A great addition for twitter. from an alum. Class of 88. JC
Oh good. I'm picking out the bluntest/tamest objects I can find in the first box and will move on to the bottle box at rapid pace.
reference interview started with find books that create stuff to art to drawing to robots. Hooray for reference behaviors!
finally get a car and then realize how many of your friends are away for college <
Is it seriously the last week of March 2012 already? Time flies when you're having fun, I suppose!
20 more "Likes" to go and someone gets a FREE iPod!!! Woot woot!
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
Forgetting to tag off on caltrain is costing me a fortune! The last thing I think about when reaching my destination is buying a ticket.
that's about it and my mom is making me do chores but. Now she had me stop since I have a headache but it's almost gone
REVIEW: 3/26 Concord Orchestra plays Schuller cello concerto
I need something to do!
It's National Sleep Awareness Week. Getting enough shut-eye? If you have insomnia, don't resort to sleeping pills- too many side effects!
#tygerto80k is top of my trend list;)
almost had a heart attack there...
Goodmorning S/O to #TeamProsody for the love and support!!!!!! We're taking on the world for y'all, not as fans.... "We're FAMILY"!!!!!!!!
By the power of Greyskull!!!
NEW WEBSITE JUST WENT LIVE!! www.boutiqueeatshop.com check it out
I love you your so funny! Please follow back your amazing :D
oh im in england at the moment with my dad:) london near the big clock or as you lot call it 'big ben'
lol I know bro just a joke no bad feelings
But baby you're perfect.... LOL JK nobody's perfect I gotta work it again and again till somethingsomething
Shop DPC & Get 20% Off Mention Twitter
Yet another sleepless night....thank goodness for The Lonely Island. Wouldn't be able to get through without "Like a Boss" on repeat.
So glad gets her very first car today!!! You deserve it! #vroomvroom <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080>
Happy Thanks Giving Day! :)
ain't nothin' gonna break my stride... everybody sing! :)
Who wants to make a CKC Reader to replace goog?
I fucking love him..
Even when I'm right, I'm wrong
Employees are your most important assets, so hire the best, provide training & growth opportunities, recognize good performance
Im always brave
Enjoy this nice Sunny day in LA...thx to for the connection<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Gotta love the penalty yards spotted for the bears win that game.
visited the new office today. Life is getting excitingly busier.
so your a jerk for not texting me. :-)
Great hearing you and Skip on the same time. It's All Star radio!
If anyone would be kind enough to follow a new Twitter account, I would appreciate it. Please follow
If the people in the movies listened to me they would still be alive
I'm breaking out #hotdogs and chili from the freezer for dinner.
its the basketball tournament that's going on now and my team is within two games of a national championship.
TONIGHT: Join us for the SAC: Blue Lights in the Basement with local guest blues artist Yella P and his band, Fiktive Kin!
"you're a hopeless romantic and I'm just a homeless slut" spoken like a pro
feel like
shut up before i chop off your toes.
try taking advil cold and sinus and drinking hot tea or also claritan may be helpful as well :)
“: Got a lot of video opportunities for pretty faces”
We have reached the point in the conference where i really need coffee. Like injected straight into my bloodstream
lol cof cof just had suntin stuck in my throat I'm ok now ;-)
#webwise are you (girls) more likely to engage in engineering activities if you go to a science museum with your dad or your mum?
You don't fuck with Trivette.
At the united center for the kanye/jay-z concert!! :)
have fun!
Happy St. Patrick's Day!!
Ugh, blocked from Facebook for uploading a painting with boobs. Breast day ever.
You're not my life but you're the one I want to spend it with. You're not my world but you're the best thing in it.
Today was full of surprises!
Power bring out sucks but meant hastily put together grilled dinner and actually being able to see stars.
very cool
a mild 56 degrees today in Chicago! feels good to shed the winter coat for a bit
“: Strange how people are willing to trade their greatest dreams for an illusion called security.”
Jus woke up. Chugged hella cold pops after the amazing #Thunder victory last night and crashed hard! Lawdy my head hurts!
dropping by the tonight...
mom told me you've been up since the crack...excited perhaps?! :)
EA Sports running a Holiday sale on many of their games for the IPhone and IPad, $.99 per game
That is awesome, have fun! Are you coming to Tip a Tiger tonight? Its their foundation event.
fans (6 former Povertyneck Hillbillies) getting together for concert 8/25 in WashPa and you can win tickets NEXT on FROGGY!
can I get a follow back
Sweet shoes!!
. , where have you been all my life?
RT : Welcome back to town, #Badgers. We're psyched for tomorrow's semester lift-off! Going to be a big day.
Lawyers make sure you claim your AVVO lawyer directory listing - www.Avvo.com , It's Free and Key
i don't even want to know what inspired that tweet
SICKEST REMIXES OF MY PERSONAL FAVORITE DONE BY ME 4 FREE ENJOY.........
HAPPY ONE TIME ANNIVERSARY GUYS!!!!and especially to you and ! we love youu<3
13! ;D Surprisingly
Omg your tatt is that big on your chest ?
I love the fitness photos on pinterest!! That's what motivates me! Lol!
I would go to an Ugly Kid Joe, Killing Joke, Faith No More, Meat Puppets show.
People are still using #PPT07 instead of
he Strata tambour range, perfectly blends generous storage capacity with a modern design aesthetic.
Week 9 was another crazy week in #fantasyfootball Who would think studs like #DemarcoMurray would come out of nowhere & lead teams 2 wins
Woot! Best baby hedgehog pics I've gotten all day! You know how to make a girl feel welcome to your Twitter stream. ;)
POTUS has great recd to run on.He savd ths nation from collaspe. BFD Health Reform, Ended George's testosterone wa,r got Osama
I ( Justin) Just got off the bus at Glass Nickel for a Founders Breakfast Stout.
Pan roast the breast, braise the legs and thighs, or don't cut it up at all and BBQ it on my smoker.
... The Emperess' New Cloths ;) Chapter One: #TheNewSecularScientology :D
hannah montana? haha
hahahaha oh man i wish that would be fun!
“: Yeah I've got pain since the car accident and this is 4 months ago.”
Lol, the first song that starts playing when I turn my iPod on... Loser Like Me.
Used to be valentines, together all the time ;)
QUESTION :: What have you fixed in the last 5 days with your Leatherman?
Don't tell people who aren't interested in a certain path that they're wasting their potential-they may be doing what they love
i need a new profile pic.
": What don't break a nigga make a nigga"
“: wow this is gorgeous ” yeah having a purple ankle is gorgeous. Yeah okaaY
I'm trying. Slow day but any progress is good!
why do you keep everything to your self, just tell me
there saying school makes everythin longer dumbass
We all be trying to function
you too, huh? If there were only more guys like your brother, every woman would be happy....LOL!!!
Day off from the gym today, it was nice to sleep in. Now I gotta go put these 8 hours in
Soul Survivor had a great hook meaning the energy, but Who Dat that go ham my dude.
We have goals for the day... Uh ohh
Users and designers (and librarians) don't think alike. By promoting everything on the homepage, you promote nothing.
Love the new CG song. almost didnt know what to expect, but it was awesome.
Dylan, I'd love to give you a demo of SG. Can you email andrew [at] simplegeo.com?
How awesome to get a more personal view from dear friends. I appreciate it, and Seau fans did too. Thanks.
“I wish I had invented blue jeans. They have expression, modesty, sex appeal, simplicity - all I hope for in my clothes.”- Yves Saint Lauren
- better rethink that...Pujols has 2 rings!
I'm still trying to find who I really am.
#midkey dont even miss being on Twitter at all
This nigga said he hit his mouth wit headphone n it caused a bump on his lips!! Last time I check headphones give like HERPES #c'monSon
Seski miss all friends, but tired, need long hibernation. Seski keep blog so all friends can relive glory days of !
they need your attn, how is business ?
can i have more followers
Why is it that there is an "Unlike" button only AFTER you "Like" it??
Pray for passengers on the trains ... train derails in Union Station!
all I know is he hates walnuts and Spam but will eat slugs.
True. 19th Century Black Codes were often given a 'race-neutral' language to circumvent the 14th Amendment.
No man is useless while he has a friend. ~ Robert Louis
I pray every week for that, dude haha. Hopefully it'll be tonight.
there's a form just give him your id.
PTA meeting tomorrow night? Can I come?
we don't look nothing alike #notrelated but I'm thinking that, it's weird lol
Goodnight moon <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0083>
TNA Wrestling and Direct Auto Insurance present Bound For Glory Live! on Pay Per View this Sunday 8pm ET/5pm PT. *Card Subject to change.
Thanks, Huston Middle School, for having us perform today!
Don't forget: Get your Balloon Museum/Fiesta combo ticket scanned at the Museum for a chance to win great prizes- including a balloon ride!
RT : #howtomakeitinamerica act stupid on reality tv
Sipping coffee on the patio, waiting for the timer to ring. The aroma is intoxicating!
About To Get On Tumblr!
Great workshop at LGA today. Thanks to everyone who participated.
I'm so glad you liked my book! Thanks for reading it! :)
i did
Looking for a corporate social media expert living in Las Vegas for a client. Please email me for more info
love u too babe <3
Cycling through new catalog . . .
submit a headshot and resume to
Hahahaha okay creep. Taking pictures of my ID when I'm not around
First scotch of the #cccc11 conference. Lagavulin, with a dash of water.
follow me ? please :D :D
Ha!So true.
Michael Choice failed to make the cut, is it adjustment period or his tool isn't at the same level?
<3 RT : Omg omg and I are watching A Streetcar Named Desire and Stanley is soo perf!! ;3
Nice work from to end it. #Brewers win 6-5.
Headed to my first regional rally today! See you in a few :)
Man this couple shoot contest is bananas! Go on FB & vote for ur fav couple! The one with the most likes gets a shoot by me!
hahaha i know what you mean! Ben when do the lakers usually have practice? now that it's the end of the year I'll be able to play
UH-OH!! Its about to go down.. is available NOW in VA [McLean & Sprgfld] gotta get my FLO Sangria recipe RIGHT
mellowing out with some incense, lavender, and an episode of chopped.
We could say looks aren't everything, but honestly they are something....
Lmao...I jus laughed at a tweet I just saw....YEAH RIGHT!!!!
I'm definitely in, heard it is good
Ebanks was ejected out & is acting like a little bitch about it. Its your frkkn fault. Sit your cry baby self down!
": Thanks for the retweets last night!" My pleasure, NRG rocks!
RT : Peter Sagan makes it an even four, winning stage 4 of the Amgen Tour of California. Haussler second again.
this is goddamn confusing!! bah. have a good show today, mister
I just finished a 3.22 km run with a time of 21:25 with Nike+ GPS.
Fours: If you need help, get help.
I've NEVER done that poorly on a test before...
"Friday TSB performs at Vitello's. Grammy Nom Celebration." Will be there!
Look..... Chicago got their shit together, Playin good ball now!!!
got sent home from school
follow for a real ass female brains beauty and talent triple threat ....
just tried to pay cafe 7 with her Starbucks card....
we're just finishing September's signups.
Wow diabetics are following me :) #honored and #touched :')
i mean really we face serious problems,,all you people could come up with is ..war on women..
Just wrote a Christmas card to a soldier. Last time I did that I ended up marrying the dude! Ha ha ha! Love ya,
you dont bet against the money team
competition in mobile apps from has impressive categories and age 13+ eligibility, but rules allow sponsors to exploit ideas
So adorable! Someone looks like they want a belly rub! :D
DOH! Sorry about that. Not intentional, I'll edit it out :)
you bet!!
We did, thank u for asking! Picked up a pair of (kiddo loves them) & a basketball! :)
i saw New Moon last night. It was a really good movie-i loved it!!
Buddy the Elf. What's your favorite color?
I didn't know try we're even doing music still
Acck! I didn't realize Trader Joe's opened already!! Gonna stop in after work today :)
#quotes Nature is so powerful, so strong. Capturing its essence is not easy. It takes you to a place within yourself deep. Annie Leibovitz
it wud mean the WORLD to me if she followed me! i love absolutely everything about her i wudnt change a thing. shes my idol <U+2665>
Going for the sweep today!
I didnt miss this at all..
good seeing you too!!! We'll rock it out in France!!!!
Good day n ny. just left lecture of kanui of Pumzi. joined by lil + big lil mama, Howard prof + architect friends. Thai food n gut.
How much information about the American Presidency can one retain in four hours? We're about to find out.
I really thought chiddy bang was white
Who are you staying with, btw?
I wish pay-per-mile car insurance was available outside of Texas
NEVER BEEN A "PRETTY" MUTAFUCKA
I managed to see none of the award winners at Sundance. Did see many amazing films. One more to go.
The Boner Collector
It's about the employee behavior org's seek, not about the technology org's deploy. Sage wrapup by at #tcbsm4hr. Thanks!
The same.
Hey you In south Florida
Still on Road! I've peed' in every rest stop from NY to SC and a few bushes on the side of the road too
It's 10AM and I have pink cupcake frosting all over my keyboard
Make yo Bish look like precious …
Well someone died today.. I got very old memories back. Oh, and everyone screamed at me.. Best day ever.
I'll #follow you on that tweet alone.
Phish Fans: You might want to be at Madison Square Garden for New Year’s Eve.
#BeyonceInGivenchy She looks Beautiful
I'll be out there next week, lets hook up...lunch is on me
"im not the first to know, theres just no getting over u. i know im just a fool whos willing to sit around and wait for u."
Fortune cookie: let the spirit of adventure set the tone.
Argh, I might as well get a wooden leg and an eye patch now because this stupid shit is going to turn me into a pirate.
Really can't focus right now.
9:20 conference prep, opening reception at the lavish Sheraton - that hotel is totally overdone, staff meeting. i am tired.
hi lady! Are you planning any sort of event guide for Make A Difference day tomorrow? Thanks!
Crawfords 4-4 and the sox will be in first by the end of the day.
ALL things come from THEE Oh Lord.
We look forward to meeting everyone at #HCD11. See FireSign in action on the Vandy OHO tour, then visit booth 159 tomorrow.
Podcasting is a fairly new form out generating traffic but not one to be overlooked.
Amazing how social media has increased group think in people I thought were smarter (and more experienced). Unfortunate.
Today has infinite possibilities- make it fantastic!
Thank...the......LADIES!! Popped in my head today :)
extreme sports psychology
I won't be mad. But I'll badmouth you for the next week ;)
you should follow me cause YOLO(;
...Today, I am issuing an executive order today to investigate every referee who has ever officiated an NC State basketball game for bribery
Yeah! I think I can do that! I got you in my calendar now. Wanna meet downtown somewhere?
Do you regret giving up any of your past boyfriends or girlfriends?
FaceTime me bitch!
Well since nobody will answer their phones, I'm gonna go shopping.
nobody is doing the kind of active lifestyle content and eye-popping media i dig better than right now.
haha. Did you know that your awesome?
why even say it
MBAs are especially popular since the degree is usually meant to prepare someone for more advanced, leadership roles in business.
as long as I can rot with you
OMG the "dude" on the phone is actually a dudette. Sounded rather man-ish.
do you like who enjoy other feminie women? ;) meow
Therapy session with mother dearest <3
you thought right;)
Monica - Angel Of Mine
#Gov20 tweetup at Cap City has been cancelled, but we're still going strong at Clyde's
Yay the family and I are off to Disney in April NIIIIIIIIICCCCCCEEE.
On driving back from video store with Alice in Wonderland, I see a real rabbit sitting in middle of street a block from my house. Zoinks!
GREAT. RT : Have just signed the petition that I stand with Prez O on marriage equality.
Perspective: in 2011 the Tigers were below .500 as late as May 30th! We know how that worked out.
Dead or Alive.. All I know Aunt Gita's episode was hilarious!!
bust a move Jakk
I kno..it was great seein u..it's bin a crazy day...sorry couldn't get back 2u b4 work..I'll call 2 morrow..so we can reschedule
Move over! takes that shizz seriously.
can't wait to get this style for I can go back to my regular hair stylist
#iAdmireJustinBecause he doesn't care what people say. He lives his dream everyday and haters get jealous
's new boutique is just one more reason to LOVE living in Tribeca.
they played Party Rock Anthem and we danced extra hard for you, bb.
I noticed during yesterday's game that Eric Spoelstra has the same haircut as
I HOPE YOU GET BETTER SOON
Nobody is on my tl though
That awkward moment when your school is playing "To Be Real" & Everyone at your schools fake..LOL
i had that one coming.
Do people who drive with their high beams not realize it or just jerks?
Checking Broadway World and about to go to sleep :P
Pancake sausage dogs
so your life feels like it don't make sense & you think yo yourself "i'm a good person" so why do these things keep happening ?
As a mother, my job is to take care of what is possible and trust God with the impossible. -Ruth Graham
This has been a crazy morning. I'm lucky that some people put up with me. On my second trip up north. I hope it all fits so it's my last
"Patience is always rewarded but never soon enough!"
ha, we'll see.
Its been a Long week! Can't wait for weekend to be here ;-)
did you sock him? Lol
Pop some cava. Watch some caps. DONE.
Curious about organizational patterns imposed by the editors. Are there any? or always open to reader remix?
Sometimes I Dream Bigger Than I Live, Sometimes I Think Better When I'm Lit, So Gone & light It ! Roll It Up ! Ignite It !
#oomf done changed so much since high school
Thanks for following me back. I just love your music. You are so talented to be so young.
Can you believe it's almost August?!?!?
That's all he does!
I don't know. Can I? Haha :)
Blah.. Its my last night ._
Pretty please with a cookie on top follow back :-)
#stm2012 CSL: citation style language does not yet support PubMed Cendtral IDs which are needed for grants
her eyes got so big because dude had on Man Clothes with the shoes
Merry x-mas.
100,883 points in Temple Run! Lol I'm really bored so ya. That's what I do when I'm bored... play something really random:)
OK, now that I'm following , my Twitter game is legit!
Are you surprised by their classlessness? Look who you're talking about.
thanks for the follow.
I saw that. Welcome aboard!!! Nice to meet ya!!!
A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing. -Emo Philips
Love it!! “: Gave the Bee's my notice.they were like ok 2 weeks? Im like I was hoping Sunday could be my last day.
"Seven" with Brad Pitt and Morgan Freeman! Scared the ish outta me
Everytime I go to bed early I have
I guess I am replying to a tweet that was too old. How do you guys keep up with these? Dang!
7 more school days and and 12 more days of school!!!! #CAN'TWAIT4SUMMER
some people have died from withdrawal/quitting...
#YouKnowWhatAnnoysMe people who complain to much.
scary and zombie games is the new trend in 2012
Trek to Allston to see
Can't wait for nfl to start
what would we do without them in our lives?? . . . live happy!! :)
Mixed-Media MADNESS starts TODAY!!! 11:30am-2pm Sign up by email
I think the iphone4 unlocked, international, version supposed usable as long as your acct is in good standing.
I'm with you. How great would that be to see Forrest shock the hell out of everyone with a KO?! MMA is totally unpredictable..
who's Marcus Teague
Out of control--just ordered my 3rd case. Please don't ask of what... Need an intervention or pre IPO stock in the company--pref. Latter!
I just might be, yes.
it was good seeing u too..its seems like forever!! and thank u so much ive been working out hard!!!! gotta get right lol!!
VA House has been in session since 1 pm. After 4 hours of debates and votes, we're on amendment #38 out of 88. Still have to vote on judges.
Idk why people bitch about knowing a song before everyone. The artist is getting successful, so if you really liked it, you wouldn't bitch.
Thanks for the RT!
When something is truly meant to be, it will come easily to you.
Im off this weekend, what you doing?
3 hours on the mat and then the person on the train has 5 guys. What did I do wrong to be tortured like this?
I've got pizza ordered and it's almost time to #thunderup! We are going to kill them in game 2!
Pitchers running from bullpen 4 bench clearing always odd. Half the time they run in right nxt to other team. Then they're supposed 2 brawl?
i need more followers please help thanks guys love ya
Still locked in 0-0 purgatory after two periods. Who will break through first?
Much needed workout.
Today's schedule: Jesus, homework, music.
Their last 3 games are Stoke, Norwich, and West Brom, lol! Bugger! ;-D!
#ItsAllFunAndGamesTil you sneeze champagne on your best friend's wedding dress. Then it's a homicide.
Great day in Southlake.... Drinks and live music with
Monday night madness = Tuesday morning badness
Captain Picard was very good at making his officers ENGAGE.
idk aubree is going to let us know where there are...but there
but it CAN buy tattoos
I Would Probably Die, But Come Back To Life Causee I'm Not Missin' That!
where r u beauty?? Xo!
I am stronger because I know my weaknesses. I am wise because I know I've been foolish. I laugh because I've known sadness.
For the second time ever, I broke 100 pounds today. #fatty haha
- Well, can't wait to check it out :) :)
My #ex just told me matter-of-factly to leave a key under the front mat in case he needs it. Uh, lemme think...tuff one but...no.
he *clearly* has very good taste!
Most outdoor fires prohibited in Madison, fire department says
File under things I will never get: Why users think that a story, with a clear AP byline, was written by FOX because it's in our skin.
Damn thats a Fat ass on your profile. Who dat?? lol
Let there be summer.
Break time at #SOCAPeurope. Try the agenda for your iPad, iPhone and Android device. It's free & no login needed. m.SOCAPeurope.net
RT This --> RT : Always getting invited to a baby shower but haven't been to a wedding in years.
I hibernate in the summer. Wake up for the Ski Swap though. (this weekend) Good to be back.
we're watching contagion D:
Everyone tune in to 1590 to listen to my friends Derrick Willis and Krystle McCarthy talk on the radio about STI!
YAY RIDGEWAY SOCCER TEAM ATE CITY CHAMPS!!! <U+26BD><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083>
Had for the 1st time last week. I think better than In & Out!
Me Juss Wanna Be Outta School Forever.... & Ever
I think it's all of them, including Johnny Gill.
Holy shit! Someone just hit us from behind! We're ok. Good thing we're in my dad's truck.
If Dayshell starts touring in the fall I will fucking cry so hard. I need to meet Shay and Raul.
haha I can live with that! :D
i need to change my background
My cat won't leave my Chinese food alone. BITCH.
thanks for the retweet! And thanks for providing all the great info on healthy living! Such a huge fan!! :)
Omg I hate working. !!!
• Well I dunno if it's new or not. I just updated last night and it's totally different
Just got a really cute e-card from of Thanks for sending! Great way to start my Friday (and new year). :)
Whoa are we staying at the same hotel?! Awesome!
Jack doesn't seem to like it. I like to think it's because he's already fallen in love with Have a good day!
It's going down in a few hours. Free show, new music, what could be better?? Renaissance hotel 9pm. Be there!!
Those were some good years on Twitter. Noise levels were also much lower back in the day and yet I remember people complaining.
Going to see mv lacrosse crush the shit out of Edison
Are you anchoring the Obama coverage today?
thanks for the follow - hope to see you May 19th!
Reminder: Soldering Workshop tonight, 7:30pm. I'm looking at you and
Whats the point of a hypeman/girl? They are so damn annoying!
They're changing the way people use Twitter, and they're set to become an important new tool for inbound marketers
Obviously it was Nickelback, Eric.
": Psyched to present the Silicon Beach Fest, June 21-23 mostly in Santa Monica and Venice. Follow #SBFest"
not lately because I've been working on BIG stuff
Jean Rostand~ Certain brief sentences are peerless in their ability to give one the feeling that nothing remains to be said.
Inspired listening to SeaMar's Dr. Julian Perez, one of our favorite community health docs. :)
lol, Listening To Music , Wyd Uglier ?
Did the rangers play tonight? :o
?? delay of NYSE bell ?? don't think it opens until 6:30. R they predicting the delay. CNBC on TV
- congrats on your 1-year!
Thanks for the mention, Stay Safe!
It's crazy how the little things a person unintentionally does, can change your whole mood.
Thanks for following... you have a magnificant hotel on #Chicago's #MagnificantMile !!
When do they kiss?
Would TX biz owners expect high success rates + slashed budgets? MT : TX billboard campaign attacks CCs: bit.ly/uWwc6p
I need to send you a private message so inbox me please or follow so I can message you
While your over there I'm in San Antonio sweating !! ); SA weather sucks!!
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 7
Join us right after the news for your weekly dose of intelligent radio for grown-ups. Stay tuned! 95.9 FM #Indy or listen online.
RT Dreams are the touchstones of our character. ~Henry David Thoreau
Today's weather is perfect! so ready for a shoot tomorrow morning with a little almost 6 month old :)
can someone please explain to me why the #Manimal is not in this #Dunk Contest?
I will try for Boston. No promises based on scheduling. You can meet He is my Boston, Boo.
Terry Collins another prime example of just how much coaching matters.
More rest, less thyme ;) Woofya
Great day in la. Bo
help reach 1000 followers! 28 earthlings to go...
RT : I may just be diving in but looks a little more gorgeous and less fucking elite in the think space.
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities - Ayn Rand
The Howard Brady Band brings the music Saturday night at yours truly!
Climbed up the Great Wall of China!! Weather was perfect and enjoyed it
Hahaha love these! My favorite is "K" I HATE when ppl text/e-mail/say that out loud!!
Wake me up when school is over
Baby you make my day so much better with your tweets (: <3
Thanks so much!! <U+2764> you guys are the best!
kick ass!!! :-) awesome. Glad u liked it
“Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall.”
Loved your thoughts in the article. Would love to connect! Thanks
dam i miss my baby
that seems reasonable
awww and dont dread, LA means get tough and get busy HOORAH
Another One Of My New Years Resolution Is Going To Get Completed Which Is Gettin Off Probation.!!!
well shit, i hope you sleep well man. I'm still wide awake -__-
230 for the pair. That's face plus charges. Just tryin to get my money back.
At Brooklyn x2019;s I.S. 318, the Cool Kids Are the Chess Champs Chess dominates the culture at Intermediate School 318, where most stude
Don't let the rain spoil your day. We will make it up to you with HH til close. $1 off Leinies, $3 miller lites and 1/2 off pretzel items.
white shades are straight WHITE TRASH.
40+ boxes of new product! Come to Poochinis tonite from 6-8 to see all the new stuff!
Kyrie Irving is no Lebron James, and that's a good thing. Go #cavs!
Looks like is what I am looking for, but I live in Miami. I went to the page, but I could't find if they have online based test
And we have a winner! Jess is in the house! Yeah!!
About to start a new hip hop song. I need inspiration
Martinez with a big 2-out double to center allows Skinkis and Bowdren to score, UVA extends lead to 3-0.
Lowering costs per sales on a daily basis! What are you doing to lower your marketing costs and increase sales? Call us 866.460.6611
Yup, got the #ALLREADYFAMOUZ EP to finish as well as creating Radio Singles for myself ! :-)
cause yu aint hit my phone yet
Aww so happy you are enjoying it. :)
Big thanks to my boy for the Trophy! Thanks again sir
Very true! RT : Watching VCU. My hippie art school grew up to make the city proud after all. VCU best thing happening in
your Twitter photo is absolutely adorable! Reminds me of my darling little kitty, William!
me either man, wonder what happened to them? Way better than Hostess! Which flavor did you get?
been trying since 10am sharp, no tickets :(
Lenny Clarke, 6-2 Yanks lead, red sox fielding minor league team. Time to go enjoy the weather.
The Harry James Orchestra will be performing @ The Celeste Center, Columbus, OH 8/3/2010 @ 1pm.
I predict Toledo upsets Boise tonight.
True!! I have some good friends... I was joking with one of them with that tweet. How have u been?
": Life has no rehearsals, only performances"
Appointment with my doctor Monday- they believe I may have diabetes...very scary
Editing rhymecal footage, amidst the chaos there were some dope ass moments. Highlight clips coming soon...
Feels like doing a crossword puzzle without clues - seems easy, and everything is possible. Then you get into a corner and nothing fits.
just 10 more minutes on tumblr then ill go to bed xD
Correction: My college roommate's #altack! career is wife to the heir of the fortune. Sorry for being such a noodle
lol rolling the poster up on the bus. Lmfao
And apparently more people care about the #GoldenGlobes than huntsman reportedly dropping out.
Your Satifaction, Our Destination !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture 12.31.2010 is or last day !!! Huge Furniture Sale !!!
So now you know..... What's next?
I need a beer. Can Anyone bring me some ? Lol
Not to mention I don't have an umbrella...
According to debate between apps and mobile pages is over and mobile pages won. Not sure that is the case everywhere :)
Tomorrow should be a good day since it's Friday :-)
I was dreaming we were runnin from the city burning down down down
Have fun!
good place to be on a Friday at 4pm ;)
ROFL! U R never safe ;) QT : Damn! Someone posted a pic of the last secret black ninja cat meeting!
742 faithful followers on instagram. Love them. ~
I hope your Sunday ends with pizza just like mine will. Monday morning comes early and specifically starts at 12:00 AM. ^jl
RT please"! Follow me! I inspire, I'm kind, I,m genuine, I follow back,
Wtf is up with people hatin' on ? It's bullshit. Just because one person hates him, doesn't mean you have to
Excited and ready to welcome new challenges.
Stupid weather.....psyching me out.
Good morning, beautiful people. Make today count, be productive, start following your hearts desire!
"Diligence is the mother of good fortune." - Benjamin Disraeli
Works cited stuff was almost a pleasure. Semi-mindless, so I could listen to music, which I could never do when writing.
Fantastic to see you also! If you have a minute tom. come down for the OV show! 5:30 see previous tweet)
everything about today is perfect <U+2665>
TY! RT : Discovering and just gave us (yet another) reason to love beautiful #Austin, TX.
RT from '90 to '09, only 6 #1overall picks haven't made an All-Star game. 4 of them were older than 20.
Leaving for Dallas soon
“: we <U+2764>PBR!” Awesome! Can't wait to see all the awesomeness.
u fixin to commit a hate crime on a spider?
I'd never tell a student not 2 write an exam. BUT, if you take a '0' on this exam the other midterm would count 4 final grade
lol that ain't what tim told me
Sick of putting in tons of effort without getting rewarded
at joe's coffee shop with my sales team celebrating on the new acct that will place Xtamina Energy Drink in 300 stores on the west coast!!
A car, a man, a maraca.
Sometimes "true colors" are not very bright.
It does! We are hoping to make the best of it. Handing someone a surprise free pizza is pretty awesome.
She did one for GIF boom too lol
Just put on a new keg. You're in luck
Kuali is amazing.
we're only M-F. But I'll be at the office tomorrow afternoon. What's up?
Wondering how far were r heading into the social media black hole. It official it has no bottom, viking( fab stoves etc) is on pinterest!
“: good hangin! Hope to see everyone again soon.. Safe travels!!!” thanks nice meetin ya
Aww my Wittle nerdy Asian <U+E516> “: Just realized I can still name any of the original 150 pokemon by their picture. #mastertrainer”
My one and only wish is too have follow me. <3 I love you Justin!!
No problem. We'd put up with a bloke like you.
Irish Amateur Open draws field from eight countries
Insulin is a hormone that helps control blood sugar levels
going to watch a real live hockey game tonight, my first one. any pointers on following the puck? My eyesight is terrible
i remember when i first made my twitter, the first thing i did was spam justin bieber to follow me. yeah, he still hasn't done that..
There is something about voice that gives me goosebumps! Xx
#Vanderbilt scores twice within a minute. #Gators lead #Vandy 11-4. 22 minutes left in second half.
Yelled at me for no reason
Kicking back with friends and family today...the highlight of the week.
Fasho, Right after Christmas
I want to bring my charger tomorrow!
Thanks! (RT : Stopped by a webinar today. Interesting background on gamification and very impressive product demo.)
Who can win a staring contest with Mike Nussbaum (as Freud) on 's site? Who's up for a challenge?
Focus your energy on doing something instead of being something, for it is the things you do that make you what you are
If my boy Jeremy White really allows me to be his apprentice the tattoo game better watch out
you no like macauley?? .... but .. have you seen party monster??? ... i base my whole wardrobe on michael alig!
I don't think that comfort is the problem, confidence that it'll work when they need it to might be a bigger issue.
idk... but most likely NOT :P
okay well just text me when ur free.
What's the point for coming to school?
you're making this sound like a breakup...
And nobody knows it but me...
You know it. My Lord. You won't ever believe the things that kid would say to me... Total craziness. No one would ever dare
Bless Ya Heart U Magot Bitch
“: Today is Monday and that means its time for SMASH...! Who will be watching!? #greatepisodecomingup” love this show!
Good morning, sis!
Welcome back from Spring Break!
Not sure how I missed this! Absolutely. We are always here when you need a hand.
RT : Shuja Pasha and Kayani knew about raid in advance, not that #BinLaden was there. Zaradari kept in dark until last moment...
are you amongst the living?
why thank you =] really glad you like it!
Awe okay :D and i know bc Drake is just wow cant describe how amazing he is
#soTellMeWhy you're so busy talking about other people's problems, when you got your own, and they're 100X worse
Thx for all the shout outs already!! The weekend is here!
“: You can get addicted to a certain kind of happiness. #FirstWednesday #RoomfullofJesusfreaks YES!!”
universal day 2
But you won't let those robots defeat me
Now that basketball season is over I plan on hanging out at Coors Field and EAGERLY counting down the days til FOOTBALL SEASON.
you better lol
I feel like I got better today!
Essay on someone I was destined to meet.... Someone help mee.
IT WAS HEAVEN . Pure Perfection , I LOVED IT <3
I was a thank you gift for him from us it a native American thing
Good luck to all the runners in the #PittsburghMarathon !
journalism 102 and classics 232, ancient roman and greek literature, blah.
Looks like I'll be applying for funding for a trip to the after all. M, 1830s court martial transcripts...
I'm pretty sure the only things I talk about on are cupcakes and . Glad I can contribute to society.
only miami would put acrobats in a baseball stadium
congrats on your big break in the journalism world!
Play it for us during ur broadcast :)
thats pretty shady, why do you need sound proof walls? Haha
hey how was your day,beautiful:)
disappointed that your leaving, but happy for you...especially since you get to be in your home town!
:) happy weekend
says, you want to be seen every where... I agree and I try to do the same.
Woohoo! Great collection. Really glad this is now online and available.
Finally a complete band. All four members now reside in Brooklyn NY under the same roof. Let the magic begin.
Hey there Nick, thanks for the follow! You got to come and check us out soon!
I love going through old pictures!
The health benefits are endless. She already looks shinier...
Chillin laying here ... Wassup with you ?
I just got an email addressed to Professor Miller. I think I like that.
I'm at PKWARE now. Write manuals for ZIP software. Also doing lots of WordPress-related things.
what song does he usually come out to? I really liked it
Through a series of planes, trains, and automobiles, and I are back in rain city!
RT This is my last week of piggin' out!* Monday I'm starting my diet and exercise
Welcome Tagg! RT : First week Dear 22nd Century, please open the door. Maestro is knocking.
Welcome back Temple students! Deadlines approaching fast - Summer Dublin Feb.15; Summer Montreal & London:March 1; & LondonFall:April 1
Seth Godin -I'm nodding in agreement. More and more? How do we keep doing this?
The math practices in CCSS are intended to focus students on making sense of math in order to accomplish specific work
Imagine if theres someone doing the same shit you do but in another part of the world .............
I love it!
Time to "unplug"...my new favorite industry buzz word.
Kaley! How did I lose your contact info? So sorry.. shoot me an email: jfranklin at comcastsportsnet dot com...
Must read the book. #huntergames was surprisingly interesting. #whoknew?
Cuddling with
Woohoo! Thanks for recommending us.
Open now! Today is the day. Boxing Day. Shots bring goals
There is even a Brian Wardle sighting
so bottom line if the race meets last years attendance the city will still spend $500K. How much did the city loose last year?
Who wants to go to the Dodgers games tonight?
dear eggs and toast, please go cook yourselves for me
justin biebers bday coming to and end.......so ones again happy birthday........
you almost feel ashamed that someone could be that important that without them you feel like nothing
Attended Long Form Narration & Voice Over with Robin Miles Director of Voxpertise at SAG NY Convervatory. Excellent!!!!
Well, *now* you're not...
oh,btw im going yayy ^__^ u really should study lol ;') see ya later! i love ya adios <33 :D
Best of luck this weekend.
the fuck happened.
I'm still in LA, we'll have to reunite next week?!
In the senior meeting BORED!!!!!
I thank god for giving me the strength and motivation to go to college and make something of my life....
Love how everybody is losin their minds over this guy who shot his daughters laptop. It's about time some parents stood up and parented.
did I mention my 30th was last Saturday?
aww! Let me know if and when you get then. Pictures are in order. :)
I wanna marry ALL of them but Niall's Irish Accent is so adorable! :D <3
#ILoveMyMomBecause she didn't intentionally get pregnant with me to get her own show on MTV.
Utah ends the game on an 8-zip run. #Jazz win it 102-97. #Blazers go scoreless over final 2:35 of the 4th.
Wth #DavidSedaris in greenroom, #ThisAmericanLife live last nite: "Luv the dotted tie w/the checked shirt!" while wearing full clown makeup.
Come and put your name on it.. # cake
Watch me, do me
Ur a funny guy ...
Oh fun rain!! Good songwriting weather, lol
guy @ dinner: I cn't believe I ddn't know that- I feel like such a woman- I should be wearing a dress and being sexually assaulted. Um!?!
"This content does not exist on the mobile site". *shrug* I'm ok with that. Your site no longer exists on this mobile.
i really hope you guys come to columbus/cincy this summer. No one good is coming besides Warped.
Peabody Rooftop w/
Let's get to 100 today! Friends, please RT to help this #charity #event get more exposure in
Once again, the whole family was completely charmed by A Christmas Carole at Kudos to Richard Roberts for a beautiful production!
Thanks Paul. You have achieved 'bro' status!
are you in LA??
May life bring you joy and happiness this year Mila! all the best for you and your career :)
awww love him. I have Robert Beltran's from ages ago.
Go Go Gadget stilt wheels
Sorry for my very late reply, things have been crazy. We have tons of examples, so let me know details & I will get you info
CRTASA wishes everyone on Twitter a very safe and festive New Year's Eve Celebration tonight. And may 2011 bring you much joy & success!
I just scored free coffee from the cute hipster barista at Starbucks.
NEW YEARS EVE ..... FREE SHIPWRECK SHOTS AT MIDNIGHT. killer spot for watching fireworks
WED Play: Ole Miss -2.5
Today will certainly be a GOOD one! I'm prepared, optimistic and ready to go! Come on 3pm!!!
that night was so messed up!!!! Hahahaha
no problem :)
What is your favorite music genre?
where is all the fun at?
OMG... I just walked into the TV theme panel and they debuted the title screen to Avatar: the Legend of Korra!!!
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. Eleanor Roosevelt
i got plenty of lunchtime laughs on the 4th floor watching that with you
We are running a story on toilet paper right now on I have never really given my TP a 2ndthought.
Leaving tomorrow night ready to be on a mountain
what are you confused about? Going long drives viewers away.
If you go through your life looking for things to complain about, you're definitely missing out on the good parts.
that sucks! Hope everything worked out alright for ya :)
Some people make your life better by walking into it, while other people will make your life better by simply walking out of it.
great win #lucasthethird ....at least d-wade made it a game
Thanks for the feedback!
Oh hey guys, I'm getting baptized this sunday lol.
#LAUSD better get ready 4 onslaught of angry rapping teachers fighting against pink slips & excessive
Sorry 4 delay. 12 oz bottles, 24/case. $54 with tax. revolutioncider.com for ordering info
Just finished filming a pilot for food network. It looks like a great show I will keep you posted when it comes out
#FF the dating website that is offering a FREE Lifetime membership! Use Promo BFSLT01 Be the one of the First and sign up!
Happy Easter everyone!
Cat Fact: The nose pad of a cat is ridged in a pattern that is unique, just like the fingerprint of a human
Lockout over!! Time to get the fantasy team lined up!
its a neil young, candles and tea kind of night. can't wait to see my big brother tomorrow :))
Why u can't stand McCutchen ?
the legion is right behind you
I Just got my internet back! Thank god! I missed my friends on here and my friends back in New york! I wanna go back! :'(
Does this tweet look cooler than my previous tweets?
someone explain to me in mathematical terms why will arnett is attractive because HE IS.
212, Manhattan New York City favorite area code is fast becoming the most popular area code in the world.
That's great. PD let's you do so much and the more you use it the more you love it!
Love your sites!
don't take it
good times indeed :)
Kim Kardashian gets paid 10K per tweet. Wow she is so lucky and blessed to live the life that she does.
I'm filled with space-age design
My female followers are so bomb
little girl in donut shop w/ her dad; me w/ mine years ago.
To whom it may concern,
Finally arrived at
I appear to have run out of notebooks. Is this because I haven't finished unpacking after 10mos, or an excuse to go Clairefontaine shopping?
Loki is evil. I like that in my badguys.
how do u tell her u left long ago with no chance of return..
Praying gets a great deal with the saints if not i just hope he gets a great deal with whoever..hopefully the saints though
Does anyone else take pictures of their whiteboards to take with them between home and work?
Check out Brandstater's interview on the podcast at thescore1510.com
Actors do your research. You are building a business and part of your job is to invest not only money, but time as well. Be willing to!
RT : Good luck,
Is that a reflection of how they treat contract signings? A 70-minute blackout for an industry giant is rather shocking.
Booking for March! If you would like Leo or the Bright City Lights band to come lead worship, send us a direct message. God Bless!
Seriously, guy who just plucked at the tailfeather of a bird on Maharaja Jungle Trek then laughed when it squaked in pain? Stay classy.
Had the chances just didn't take advantage. I take part blame for that too
Doctors appointment Tomorrow, I FINALLY get my physical. Finally!
I want to get follow<U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
#bitches in this county
The commercial with cracks me up every time. Look! I'm going through the rapids!
Hey fellow SD Joomla Developer, I see you're interested in Jomsocial! I have experience and would love to collaborate.
Quetzal done. Next is a japanese fighting fish for Richie.
says he calls himself a 'Small Town Dirt Salesman' HA!!
That moment when no one at your school would know who Austin was if it wasn't for you, and now you regret telling everyone about him.
country just isn't my thing
If you want to do a protest vote, I hope you're ok with telling your grandkids that you could've voted to save the country and didn't.
What! Stupid people. They should have seen me when I used to teach middle school, seen what one of those really looked like.
I'm serious, It's thundering loud outside, I think God is coughing and when it rains, I think he is sneezing...
those are josh's! you can keep 'em, pretty sure he stole 'em from a gas station anyway. thanks again for rocking our music!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY EMAN!! I hope all your wishes&dreams come true & I hope for nothing but the best for u. I love u soo much!!<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Are you supporting celebrity board member Warrick Dunn's next event? Check out Please get involved to show support for single moms!
“: Do you think it helped or hurt that the Honda "Ferris Bueler"TV spot was pre-released online? No matter 2 me,1st time seeing it.
Bard is looking good today. Might really fit as a starter. Needs to cut down on walks, pitches so he can go deeper in game. Go #RedSox!
TWEET ME ANYTHING CUTE I'LL GIVE ALL TWEETS !!
What's the funniest April Fools prank you've pulled of at the office?
u just worry about getting 100 george's in your possession soon! LOL
please come visit! We've got some great additions to our lunch menu too!
My 3 year old niece can use an iPad. She's more technically qualified to decide the future of the internet than the 70 year olds in Congress
u will shine! have a good one too thanks
Everyone over the age of 26-34, if you're not in school anymore...be glad! <:[
Thanks for the tweets yesterday!
After I finish my "entertaining with pizazz!" board.
It's gorgeous outside! Join us for a Fish Fry on the outside patio!
Play the music, not the instrument.
yeah... sometimes you gotta hide your "mormon crazy" in a basement or "spare room" or something
She loves me She loves me not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Loves Me Not She Loves Me She Lov
The Ironbound is a ______ working-class neighborhood in Newark, New Jersey. a. small b. medium c. large Fill in the blank!
#AustinMakeANewCover tbh it does bother me how Austin told us awhile ago he'd cover Should've Kissed You... & I guess he forgot
u r welcome good sir, and thank you the inspiration!
ur new hair sucks,sorry but Paris Hilton is 100 times better than u,dont talk bad about her!
Hey How Are You Doing?
Yep! It's our favorite show. Give it a try.
Brooks Conrad is a bum also... BRING BACK KEITH GINTER!
Not Swallow
Imm talking to this really hot guy on fb:)
Where did the saying "one trick pony" come from? Is it more common for a pony to be able to perform multiple tricks?
#jobseekers in #ROC should save the date of 5/16 for our next career fair! Local companies w/ #jobs will be #hiring - great #networking too
HAPPY HALLOWEEN!!! What are you guys going as this year!?!?!?
My and are going to kill it! Watch out now!
I suport review of all Federal agencies & regulations with thorough economic analysis.
Happy Mothers Day
Morning twitheads! Everyone have a blessed Sunday!
How fitting that Relegation/Championship Sunday would be on...Mother's day.
This could be interesting, especially if it was paired with a BS first. You'd have to learn to engage your whole mind.
Illinois Catholic Charities Drop Gay Adoption and Foster Care Lawsuit Over ... - Autostraddle
thank you ! I will try
yea but instead of drunk driving my dad's girlfriend dad had a litte too much to drink and he was tripping on the way home lol
Because TX does not have a "pit" rule, we should not either. Too costly to protect our water?
omg boys are nothing BUT stupid ! can you fucking give up on her already ? she DOES NOT LIKE YOU ! FUCK !! d:< #youronlyhurtingyourselfbro !
its so freaking scary!! haha
Congrats from colleagues at #sdut on the anniversary! Staying relevant -- and in print -- these days no small feat.
I already had my annual play through of Half-Life 2, but I can put Skyrim down for another day of classic HL2 gaming.
“: lost in house music is where I wanna be, it's gonna set you free” he knows what's up...keep streaming the house music man
Stephie_Lewis: I know the feeling. I feel like I've been lost in the land of Enterprise but I found my way out. Good luck w/ ur baby :)
The rain delay known as #Orioles #Rangers RT : Tell us which game you are watching right now.
I wish I could retweet your tweets...
Hey Dean Koontz, calm down.
dang we are never on at the same time
Are you having fun at your ghetto house.? Cuz we're having fun without you(;
Watching texas tech sports this year has been equivlent to watching the rape scene from deliverance over and over.
Meeting up with the Writer's to Discuss Sum Business. This Time we Making a Movie. Guidance Web Series was just the Beginning
Thanks to everyone for celebrating 10 years of at the 2011 #Milwaukee99. A toast from !
so great meeting you as well!! What a trek from michigan :)
I don't act like Im still in my 20s at this age, but sometimes I feel much younger than I really am. I prefer it that way tho
A big Woof out to you!
Everytime I handed Owen the wipes while changing his diaper, he'd look at me and throw them
Follow me :) Follow me <3 Follow me :D follow me :P Follow :)
Loads of puerto rican men seem like lil flamers. I can't read who's gay and not. No offenses. I love the gays. Funny still though.
Hope you enjoy!
These are the worst refs ever used to the playoffs
I've drank 5 days in a row now, I may have a problem.
is a must follow!
Aside from the dire need to land Deron, no matter how slim the chances...what are your thoughts about demarcus cousins via trade?
Sounds to me like the program works because of the 500 calories; not so much the HCG. Have any studies that prove otherwise?
Right? I'd be happy being able to do one of those.
Ha! : Hunger Games fan site posts, written under pseudonym Krazy4Katniss #mittsmissinglaptops #mapoli games
He must have seen the one I was wearing last Friday. lol
Is it possible to have a favorite Jane Austen book ... she's so good, I live for the insights on nearly every page.
ZOMG! My dad is doing the Electric Slide ... well, at least it's at the #120League scholarship benefit
#sunny in #seattle but stuck inside studying for midterms!
These chucks online tho(: soo different ... Mama might Get em' faa me !
thank you so much. you rock!
Oh So Your One Of Those People ... uhh no haha that takes too long
imy2 I been here just lookin for a job & started my classes monday tryin get my life in order I txt you the other day!!
We're curating a "must-follow" list for #SXSW to engage in the conversation from #DC. Any suggestions? Stay tuned for more this weekend!
Come at 4 ~
Its so rainy outside...I Love it...
mary cherry was best part of the show. never really cared about the step sisters lol
:( i'm sorry that's happening and i hope things feel better soon.
Nigghhaaa can't even keep to his word...pointless
how is it?
-just got done doing make-up and nails(: #fabulous(:
holy shit is your mom a medium?
is what's up! Your FB page is one of the faves! We specialize in natural beautycare. Plz #supportstartups and follow us. Thx!!
do you wanna share for share? :)
I have to hold myself back from peppering messages liberally with :) -- but how else will they know I CARE!!!!1
What time is that anyway? 7?
Who let the cows out? (Who, Who, Who, Who, Who, Who)
Thanx for the follow back!<3
My night with my family, gf , and friends an twitter less Dani and Ryan haha thanks everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
We've got CAP room for him now...
I've been wanting to try the wine and canvas class... sounds fantastic! Is taking it with you?
ALWC don't forget-tomorrow is Baptism Sunday! If this is something in your heart to do then do it! Also starting new series
Don't miss our Spring Fling Dance Party tonight at Sutra Lounge and enjoy $9 Kinky-tinis, $3 Peroni, and music by DJ Krillz all night long!
Study this Book of Instruction continually. Meditate on it day and night. Joshua 1:8
Make sure you have all the teenagers that sing,rap,dance,etc.. to go to www.nextbigteen.com to sign up to audition for the Next Big Teen
oh shucks thanks :)
OMG that's crazy Ah I can't either cause I can't breath from my nosie
let my love take you higher cause i still turn to you <3
OK, local food gurus... where's your favorite place for sushi in Westwood and Century City?
Our event is about start at 6:30!! Please come out and support us tonight.
How have you not taken your father to a Yankee game at the new stadium? Im kidnapping him one day and going after work.
Good Luck! Sure u will do better than I would have... I sucked at Chemistry! :)
Arrived in Rome!
Starting to feel alive again & ready for another 20 hr day at The Texas Frightmare Weekend!!
For he chose us in him before the creation of the world to be holy & blameless in his sight. Eph 1:4 #youhavebeenchosen #Don'tholdout
I agree!
I literally don't like people.
Stuck for two hours in the Denver airport. I have limited enthusiasm for pretending to shop for Western-themed coffee cups and potholders.
Yay Flyers Win 4-1 I did get to watch most of the game and the rangers got killed
In Allentown. Bombed out on first word - "Fandango". I mean, really. Geez.
Today's movies: Extremely Loud & Incredibly Close, Ides of March, and My Week With Marilyn -- and then Henson Unstrung!
how it alway elliott sadler in wreck when ricky never in wreck jeez ricky must be a hella talent to not to wreck hope sadler will gain point
Always on my list of things I need.
It's that time again! The BridgeTEFL Tweetchat starts in 30 minutes. Follow #bridgeteflchat and tweet us your #TEFL questions and stories!
PR ambassador to Savings,
Come see me this Sat-Mon for your facial & waxing needs.
An 11-yr old basset hound, a 2-yr old black lab, and a 3-1/2 mon. old basset hound. Going to take us awhile. Don't wait up.
Waiting For My Mom To Hurry Up Too Come I Want My Medince
Me love Grooveshark, me listen all day
It's a get-shit-done kind of day.
yea when u come get it from ny you can
Three people in Colorado currently on #deathrow. DA Carol Chambers is pretty much the only DA who has even tried for it as of late.
Will there be fireworks tonight with Colton out?
wrote a blog post about #lunch #lines www.inlinewaiting.com
All panties are edible if you're hungry enough.
see how i put quotations there?
yea I knoe how dat is
Okay no more Los Lakers Jerseys please.
I know two people going through this....I best get my mammogram!
Florence + the Machine and Marianas Trench have THE best lyrics.
OH SNAP!!!! Time to spread the wisdom
I LOVE HER!!! She's my girl!!
Dr. Laura Schlessinger~ Dont worry so much about your self-esteem. Worry more about your character. Integrity is its own reward.
#RipAngel Austin Mahones Dog :( very sad
shouldn't you be sleeping? :p
Don't worry I hate me too!:/
dear God, today I commit to you to act today with the light of advent shining through me. Thank you God for taking care of me.
Enjoying the Circle of Women luncheon w/ ! What a great organization!
Is it bad that I looked...
noo I like him!
HEY :( THAT HERT
sounds cool let me talk to her. Is it at night?
eTip: Put an ashtray by your computer or wherever you may be used to smoking alot and rest ur ecig in it between puffs. It helps!
Nothing like Sundays! I'm having a front porch Soul jam session wishing + could join!
keep those tweets coming! looking forward to the first glimpse of the bling!!!
hate wen things are slow motion
We would love it if you ReTweeted Poised Creation!
Pretty cool how we're using a Windows 95 term, "Plug and Play," to describe NFL prospects. Works pretty well.
sounds like a winner to me ;)
I hate my life, wish it would nd soon
Come out to 21st street Co-op and make a button for $1 to benefit Center Space Project! We will be here 'til dusk.
I love the smell of tanning lotion on my skin after I tan. <U+263A>
I miss London
": A coach does 2 jobs... building great players & getting great players to play together. -Jim Putman #leadership #wisdom"
Hi my lady! How r u doing my love? <-English accent
Do crime rates drop on Super Bowl Sunday?
No future time is better than now to let your guard down & LOVE
: thanks for the follow Steve!
Really seems like Rickie misses pitches he should be hammering way too often.
you never got back to me about what we was tlkn about
#chicagobulls absolutely terrible play has me contemplating watching the Masters. Or worse, the Cubs.
Everything about today was a good idea
not OT again
So... How many of the players we just cut will end up in New England next year??
Aw i feel so bad for the owner of the patriots. :( such a sad face
i fish left handed and i write right handed. YOLO.
Happy Friday to all. Finish your week at the top in the SKYBOX. Great Happy Hour prices tonight! $3 well, wine and draft for all 4-7pm
You have to "Be a Friend to have a Friend"
Dude told me: "War is hard." I suggested he read 'Achilles in Vietnam', but perhaps not the right call.
These songs are bringin back some memories
going to the dolla movie #cheapasstrick. gotta love it!
sorry, just seeing this now. It'll have to get higher but it's off to a good start!
A lot of people get impatient with the pace of change. --James Levine
peace to the musical genius! What it do bro?
Tour has been amazing so far! Huge thanks to our friends and fans!!! Iowa City tonight! Milwaukee tomorrow! Knoxville, TN on Sunday! Cheers!
It is so rainy here
After a comment on anchor attire, I've decided it would be easier for me to enforce dress rules if dresses came with Garanimals tags. Thanks
idk lol I just figured it out by noticing lil details
I might just keep Yeasayer on loop today.
yes i don,t want to give my heat anymore to have it broken
the Justin Bieber one is so much better!!
cause I mean..you got 3rd and 1st, that's something to be proud of.
Just got a parking ticket for the 3rd day in a row. Damn they waxing me good right now. I'm gonna keep $6 in change at all times from now on
Wow, new balboa 24h fitness pretty awesome! I think I can handle going to the gym a bit more!
Ha ha ha!!!! RT : Jean Dujardin wins #Oscar for Best Actor, makes up for silent film by shouting.
Still recovering from the KPTV/KPDX holiday party this weekend... my co-workers sure know how to have a good time!
Just found something I miss about Abq (besides people): My home-sick lunch of Twisters carne adovada burrito and Sonic Reeses blast. M.
I still have 94 pages left in my Hunger Games book :p
Review: I loved the Tibetan elements, the humor, the setting, and most of all the protagonist. I can't wait for the sequel.
so... Bucks or pacers? Playoffs or not?
competition day.
Schema. org may use their own structured vocabulary, but if their data types shows up in google searches, can librarians ignore it?
I'm headed to Chicago this morning so say a prayer for me! Plans today?
I always enjoy our talks.
July 10th. I Call Fives self titled album comes out. Laskdjfgh. <3
great pic! Thanks for comin out 2 the show!!!
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular. -Tony Robbins
I love the snake pattern on shoes!
did you read Jordans interview on dating and love and life with ? You should do one like that too!
Every day we ignore protecting our children from sexual abuse, we bring a future adult one day closer to a life of isolation and suicide.
Advertising fails for small, unknown brands because PR wasn't used first to build credibility and undertanding of the brand's value prop
!!! RT : I need to hop on 's style seat so we can start figuring out what I'm doing with this hair for the summer
No matter how many times a girl denies it, she'll always remember every detail, moment, and piece of the memories you've left her.
I don't think a preference for VOIP meetings is weird. VOIP feels more like you're right there with people, I think.
I use mine when I leave the driveway.
oh you're just so right... I'm sorry.
I love ur face. a lot
Thanks. Benny is Bengreenberg now. Could you approve him to? I go nowhere without him :) TX again!
Great season flyers!!! Maybe next year
As if I needed another reason to love I just found out his nickname is "The Eraser."
I agree. This all got started when I said let's write in Clinton. I was not a fan at first, but have an open mind.
Stop in & see our environmental educators at the #GoingGreen Festival at the State Museum!
RT : #coasset on third reading in Colorado Senate today!
We are looking for #selfpublished authors to write short testimonials about your process for our site. Please DM me for more info!
I like the Bud spot
why wouldn't you just name it something else, and i'm guessing it'll only ride in tropical waters
It's been one of those let's drag out everything from under the #bed, take down the #curtains & launder 'em #cleaning days.
Just have been paying attention to the chat room on IPL. I think some still have hope for Punjab.
I LOVE everything about Chick-fil-A but sometimes they are so friendly it is creepy. Makes me wonder about campus visit programs...
These niggas cuffin these weak hoes, and they house a mess, with a sink full of dishes, and dirty laundry everywhere smfh..
Probably not. As a consolation, maybe we'll get a song about it from a broken-hearted Fresh Prince - video starring Carlton. Dream.
Thanks for lunch, It was yummy.
I was really hoping to see Levi today, this sucks.
Wrapped on THREE films this week! Next up: CHASING SHADOWS shooting in Ocean City NJ!
Rooting for the Giants!!
Planning for Merida in a few weeks. Bus transportation in Mexico is confusing. Where is the Shinkansen and train network when you need it?
All bitches do is talk, but when they see me they fucking lost..
can I get my 1st chirp please?
Idc how much we in love dnt put yo fork on my plate
My pussy is addictive because .I'm a #Aquarius I stay wet
Tomorrow ill be in vegas and in two days married. Im starting to freak!
Thanks! Antwan has been scoping out some of your recent listings in the San Diego area!
I want takis and a slurpee. ugh
great talent, but all I'm saying is that MJ always showed up in the finals and big moments LBJ not so much.
Annette Gordon-Reed likens Thomas Jefferson to a theme park - so much to explore ... during Q & A for lecture at UVA on Apr 5, 2011.
Oh my gosh. Is it 5:00 yet?
is rolfcopter a term i should know? I do not. :(
A year after Michael Jackson unexpectedly died, fans all around the world are doing things to remember the legendary king of pop.
Bang ur head against a wall, it'll help u!
LOL!!! Cheers to that
Good Morning! Come down to the Farm & say Hello..also, pick up a pack of THC capsules w/any $25 donation! Strain of the day is Blue Cheese!
Memorial Day: time with family, BBQ, fun - but thanks to the PBS program for reminding me of what Memorial Day is meant for... Gratitude.
The FDA allows an average of 30 or more insect fragments and one or more rodent hairs per 100 grams of peanut butter.
Any other iOS devs wondering where the hell the next beta of 5.1 is? With all iPad 3 imminent you would think we would have seen something.
Grammys > I like Katy Perrys hair just not real sure about the dress. Dress Kinda looks old ladieish.
|#quotes People with clear, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine
Please try again as I just tested it & it works fine for both new & existing users. Contact 4 more info
That wind is crazy strong
LAST FINAL EXAM... and it's for my favorite class. Didnt study but I love sex and that's what it's on so Im ready to kill it!! LOL
Hi! Missed this last night...doing well. Hope you are too. :)
Yeah but after seeing this article how can I forget?
Is listening to straight up by and feeling nostalgic
I know right !
Why the fuckk are those free throws necessary?
Happy new year everyone! Stay safe! Thanks to Atwater's for a nice end of 2011 brunch!
Cousin Brad! Hunting trips in your future, I can only assume.
How is everyone doing?
well. you? is the group still together?
Wats love got to do wit it
I am looking for a painter for my 450 sqft living/dining room. Pretty simple walls - cheaper would be better, but done well. Suggestions?
Heyy how are you baby?<3
are u Vietnamese too?
Almost done with my custom orders, which means one thing...YOU still have time for a custom piece in time for Christmas! ;)
Music is revolutionizing!
Is anyone playing The Bachelor? May be more exciting than the Fiesta Bowl so far...
“: I want to punch my fucking computer in the fucking face.”
Men's Rules for Women #10: If We Ask What is Wrong and You Say "Nothing," We Will Act Like Nothing's Wrong.
it is a religious ritual and should never be extended to gays. A civil union is a different story. I'm disappointed with you
“: Take responsibility for your mistakes... And your slip ups”
and it's actually an early show, so i might be able to go for once. thanks posting/tweeting about it.
Happy Mothers Day to all the Mom's out there!
remember the titans <3
The hoodie was made to order, so you should have the package by either Monday or Tuesday.
Have you ever been able to say see you yesterday? I so want to do that.
Oh how great Friday's are... now off to have breakfast with my #younglife team.
Gym. Stop at office. Home to shower. Shopping with my sister and the bridesmaids. And then... Finally... BRIDESMAID DRESS SHOPPING!!!!!!!!
Lunch Special! Double 1/4lb Stuffed Burger and a side of Fries. $7 Best burger in the Strip!
Congrats to on their 6 game winning streak! Looking forward to seeing Monta Ellis' home debut tomorrow
Feeling bad for If you're going to concoct a crazy, news-worthy plan, get an more unusual name.
love your new book Poetique-arrived today-compact deep fun- glad u reviving the micro book idea-cute "no batteries green book"
YES! Mayne this is SO true! I am the epitome of that as a scorpio man
Big Sunday for the lefthander. Think he'll get it done? I like his chances.
And who sent the yellow shirt memo? Newt, Santorum, Ron Paul - all of them look like my high school science teacher.
Great photo!
HUSBANDS: Your role is totally sacrifical bruh/see what Jesus did in the crucifiction and then mimic much
y what color is is now??
Hey. I'm rolling from ur #standby tweets..f.u.n.n.y!
well we are pretty young.... So ill go with Kei cause hes the Vet right now.
Yeah, I really like to focus on school. I made straight A's and it was well worth it! =) glad to know I was missed
I'm up so early I'm gonna wake the sun up.
We're always here to take care of your Dub needs :) RT : I was walking by & heard dub step music. +2 points
Greetings from NOLA, and thanks for the follow! -DL
Kentucky adds a guard to the lineup in Julius Mays, a transfer from Wright State. per He will be big help to the backcourt.
would like to close my eyes and wake up at grandmas house with the dog licking my face and tea and cake and afternoon tv .. live that dream!
I need to meet her sometime!
Sororities, clubs and other non-profit organizations-- don't forget to contact us for additional fundraising options. Sell jewelry + earn $
A supremely bad day. Breaking bad is starting to sound really good.
Ew I do not need to see Robin Williams naked body in slow motion.
oh thanks. I embraced the jet-black dye. :)
Damn i lost a follower musta been a VT fan
Omg I hate my mom..LOL
Many of you assume that I might be fawning all over the cars, the planes and the computers. But, really, all I need is my Jenga game.
#catslax bring home the W!
Visit the most #Influential #Inspirational and #Irresistible website ever!! www.dmwilliams.org
Did you know that healthy adult skin is approximately 50 percent water? Actual water content affects skin softness and flexibility...
I got Magician's Elephant from the library, or I would totally lend it! a beautiful read - just not sure what kids get out of it.
#np play that funky music
Dead giveaway that your preschooler is tired - she says, in THAT voice, "But I'm NOT tired!"
You may appear fit & healthy, but if your TOTAL cholesterol is rising, so is your risk of heart disease.
I got to read "Go, Dog, Go!" with first-graders yesterday. I loved that book when I was little. They loved it, too!
Big fist-bump to you, my friend! I'd say instant classic too...but, you know, I'm biased.
yes :( you just never replied :( unless I have the wrong x)
Replace windshield wiper blades regularly for safety. Have you checked yours recently? If not, can help.
aye aye , fuuck you Austin. He will too. My boy #AndrewLuck (no homo)
Seven days without chocolate makes one weak.
Tomorrow's game starts at noon? That one's gonna be uglier than tonight.
yall should race it on foot lol
We’re sorry to report Chef Powell is relocating w/ his family to OC. Big thanks to him for his hard work & creative genius. Replacement TBA.
no but if she was i would introduce her to u guys im gonna ask her today to get on
Does anybody wante to DM Vinny C or Alex Constancio for them?
Need to find a job!
It's said to follow a group of stoner kids that claim [
well, I'll be avoiding surgery as long as I can because it rarely has great outcomes & Reiter's makes me a poor candidate....
Those who say it can<U+FFFD>t be done are usually interrupted by others doing it
Stupid Brewers
Caught in the whirlwind of a character that's trying 2 take over. She acts like a protagonist! Hate 2 control her 2 much. She's interesting.
and a good morning to you to Baaaah
Fastest host in the west!! Thanks for taking care of us tonight!
Fell asleep early somehow now I'm awake wtf
all the cool models flock to LA.
#courtreporting is an indispensable component of litigation case management
Instapaper has great saving, managing, archiving, exporting tools. Sorta downside: Impulse to save means queue fills fast
Let's go Hawks. OT WIN! #Blackhawks!
Note to boyfriends: don't pour a bottle of cold water all over your nicely dressed girlfriend... She might get mad. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Nice! I made it 9 years before I broke down and bought a ring. Need any advice on holding out I got some
Listening to christmas songs in april.
I didn't get them either<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>... Going to go die in a hole now
you life theme wont save my options. ive checked all forums and cant find a solutions whats up this theme? i bought it last nt
Chicagoans, (Australian comics artists) are making their FINAL stop of their N. American tour tonight! 7pm.
It's a gorgeous Friday, must stay focused on mundane part of biz for at least the next 3 hours....wish me luck w/that! ;)
Right in! Good luck, hope it all comes together well.
sure! gotta dig up a pic from the SD game pre game night party! lots of fun outfits..hold plz
Good morning Steve. It's 2:20 AM here in Phoenix. Happy New Year
Living in the Bay Area is awesome. Living in San Francisco sucks.
Just heard from the vet that Jackson will be 75 lbs. can't wait he's such a good dog already
did it start as a health, moral, or political issue at first? Was political, at first, for me.
Only pointing out the flaws of your child & not congratulating them on their efforts= Low self-esteem.
Hehehe ,tonight it's down there...
Have a good weekend
Fresh Start.
how does the baseball team only have 3 tv games?! I over here in Austin and I don't get to see them?
Aw! Those are cute!
#kids 4th Annual Strawberry Festival at Wexford Community Presbyterian Church, Sun, May 6 12:15p: Please join us for our 4th Annual...
Creativity will repeatedly be subsumed by describing/exploring the human perspective until it stops eluding us. Which might be forever.
GoodMorning :)! Have A Good Day! I'm Off To School :/!
Way to annoy someone on twitter: go onto their timeline and retweet EVERYTHING >:) who wants to be my victim??
you're welcome ! :)
Nowak: We need to make sure the next three games before the break are positive
I thought I could handle something like this right now. Honestly, I can't.
you did that poster
where you at bro?
I just wanna see you strip, take your time with it. ;)
Dear creeper chick at Starbuck's: I don't want to have awkward eye contact with you... so stop it.
Thanks, scientist friend! (He says no to ice in my Alka-Seltzer.)
HITTING EVERY RED LIGHT ON DELAWARE <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
When were together I feel like you never left, But when were apart it feels like years.
that's great though! Helps for good acting too!
Bout to strap up. Its some dumb ass niggas in my complex thinkin they can go around thieving and shit.
Maybe we're just melancholy.
Idgaf what anyone thinks ;) fuck you al <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Ha! It takes one to know one biitch!
I miss!
Just found out from our gf flour distributor there is a new chia flour on the market. Sounds like we have to try it.
No "mixup". Fiscal crisis, says the chair. Not enough students enrolling.
totally....just wishful Knicks dreams on my part... :)
You got it! Please DM us your mailing address and we'll put your tickets in the mail! RT Jules Verne!
thats a beautiful print
Im writing an article on drones, have any blog posts about drone journalism I might be able to link to?
Excited for you!
I did what? Lol
Can't get enough of this soul food!
damn and are on like a spam my timeline spree everytime i look somewhere else or work on my collabparts
I kinda thought the jackhole was cute too ...too funny
Welcome! So glad you could join us tonight. Can't wait to get your take on being gluten-free in college!
Insane amount of sirens right now. Just one street over.
Tux, because no girls have ever come up to me to ask that, but I was already done with my meal and ready to go home anyway.
Good morning stranger!
So Cal peeps is in town this week! Long Beach Terrace Theatre on May 5th
just went to the park with austin and my roomies. forgot how much fun swings are lol
hi there!!! thank you so much! you too!
FTR We need libraries cuz they freely provide resources that not everyone can afford: computer access databases media community
hey chico i miss you :) js hmu on wednesday sorry i got my phone taken miss you babes
Learned fm Debt Crisis: Journalists with NPR or the WSJ have no particular expertise regarding economics or finance. Google then report.~Don
I want s'mores. Now.
Its not broke y try to fix it, Tard¡
ookay, people that are a part of my past still calling me a slut is pretty sad. good luck with your life
Our Hip Hop division is doing something pretty sweet on Twitter make sure you're following for a chance to win special prizes!
RT: Maybin's HR estimated at 445 feet, seventh-longest in history of Petco National Park.
Listen to , that's what I like to do when I clean.
no one tweets me / follows me no more:/ someone should really tweet me !
Who's out here by 85th & Cottage Grove?
thank you for your support, we hope seeing you again soon!
Twitter sent a message that follows to followers ratio was too high. Locked account for "aggressive follows" We're sorry
I do have music, and *molly (:
Ive been up al night. Haven't slept at all. Because i'm just a sweet bitch, that's been doing shit for mommys for mothers day! lol.
#Supriseaustin lolz i wish but im in missouri
": Why would a "church" boycott #WhitneyHouston's funeral? SMH!!!!!" Ignorance!
Damn They Lockin All The Heights Boy's up Let All My Niggas Go Poohman, Santana
Wow what a crazy start of the day! Weather wise!
This causes the inconvenience of longer drying times and the expense of higher energy bills.
ha aight you will be the first person on the line when we do nimco
Smh this "mother" has her baby daughter carrying all her shopping bags.. Some people just do not need to be parents
is this the same Brad from Commack New York?
oh wow, how long is it?
When our leaders act like clowns, who can blame the clowns for leading?
Looks like it. Went a few years back and had a blast.
Everyone and everything you see is in flux.
BPML, where have you been all my life?
2 b successful talk not abt ur success but ur failures, u must "let go" and "bounce" and take action
how far away are you from your partner?
Playoffs w/o the Yankees or the Red Sox. It's like Christmas came early.
Barbara Witte Broward Community Foundation--husbands, wives families more involved in giving. What are their core values?
Thanks, Mike! I got a little feedback and it seems like "Desktop" might work. Users understand that it means laptops, too.
Settling in for a nice afternoon read of the U.S. Constitution. #TwinPeaks later tonight
it is! unfortunately, most generic brands don't have $$ for good packaging so I spend too much on stuff LOL
Last chance: If you want to be included in Teaching Carnival 5.09, send me link to your post on teaching by Friday.
Does anyone know if the boys are going to HHI next year?
Off to school again to finish my exams. Summer time is here in 4 hours for me!!!(; but ill miss my friends ill see them next year!!
idk if it's true or not>.<
In Music Meeting Editors “Papillion” This is so good, similar sound for them but nothing else like it out there
As it should be :) RT : walking through expo hall, not a pc in sight
Any D1 coaches looking for a point guard still, please contact me. I have a kid I know can help you. JC transfer from Louisiana. 2254005209
It's good to have Tiger back!
I didnt plan this outfit! Stop looking at me like that!
It would have to be super late but I am down, I've got class till around 9:15!
RT : Q3 - What are some tips for those entering the field of online training development?
Happy to share the follow!
I know! That's why I was so surprised. I was getting so much done.
Is new library the only major #sandiego city or county project not facing legal challenge for ignoring legally mandated process?
Sup guy add me on facebook and aim my email fo facebook is . Aim is tkevkev1412 k thnxzz
Wish I did it. But happy I didn't.
“: Happy Birthday !! I wish I was there to drink green beer with you! <U+E110><U+E110><U+E110>” me too! Have a great day Kathleen!!!
Been off the social media working on the physical and tangible..
my first year of college was so hard im just happy i made it
i think im going to go to sleep but ima miss my baby , roar; theres always tomorrow to be with him <3 goodnight :D
Books support us in our solitude and keep us from being a burden to ourselves. –Jeremy Collier
haha you know it was you that smelled liked weed in the assembly
We love United, we do! We love United, we do! We love United, we do! Oh United, we love you!
G8 dinner catching up w/ AMAZING FRIENDS! Love hearing what God is doing in all our LIVES! LOVE U &
Where can I order a C-Lo Green Special Edition Sparkly Black Snuggie?
Merry Easter <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B0>
Make it first.
Atleast #Drake will keep my company.
“ U say im a bitch? A bitch is a dog. Dogs bark, bark is on trees. Trees are nature, Nature is beautiful. So thx you, I know i'm beautiful”
Everything is in the Douglas County Events Center and ready for shopping starting at 10:30 am. See you then!!
Sounds like a great time! Looking forward to hearing about it. Enjoy!
The Miami Heat are favored by 8.5 in Detroit. Joel Anthony expected to return, Mike Miller still out. Miami won 3 row, Detroit won 6 of 8.
any NATO deals?
Lesson learned
Le Bain bound. Let's go New York City.
Lets go Heat!
hey. Is it lights there?????
Hahahaha hope you already put the kids to bed. Wash is apparently mic'd up.
RT : good lunch date
i rolled down this big ass hill in the park and now im so freakin itchy
Will do! Thanks, though, for organizing the meet-up. Dark room...for a bit...
Foods done.
Ayyeee... u live in ga too???
Heading to Alex. Va. tonight! Don't forget to come on out and see us(3SG) tomorrow and Sat.! Our website- www.3sgiants.com! Hope all is well
do you need the part before the colon? Just because everyone uses one doesn't mean you have to.
gotta room full of bitches, what you following me for?
Not even Oprah.
Congrats for being one of most innovative people in business. I'll run to that!
Vitamin C is my best friend. It works better than any medicine I've ever tried :)
thank you for your service
now following
The cat was all down for Sunday cuddles until the thunder started. He seems to blame me.
oh that will be awesome I am sure the outcome will be stunning! Rock it out!
big screen debut of your yr 2 film on Monday, big audience, will send quick thanks from kids when finished.
I love kingsley hahha.GHETTO VERISON OF CALL ME MAYBE " HEY NIGGA WE JUST MEET IN DAH CLUB HERES MY NUMBER SO HIT ME UP" weak af
looks like your off to a good start!
guest DJ's this morning. Isn't that amaaazzing!
We can't wait to get started. I'm going to shoot you a call later this week.
That's where my pet theme of sexual repression comes into play.
Also, cd release show tonight at ! Been listening to the record a TON lately, stoked to hear it live
oh wait I think delfino is coming back but idk because he has a lot of DPS
Thanks for the RT!!!
#teenwolf might become a new summer fave :)
Are you open to mentor a small urban farmer? Trying to locate sample policies related to farm food handling!
Interesting how this girl blowing up my instagram is ecstatic we both personal trainers and she wants to be a nurse
You will not believe this... DVR caught 27 min of #dwts then went "green screen!" stupid dumb DVR!!
Solo date at Johnny's Big Burger!
AT&T is so pissing me off
Lmfao Kay Bye
R.I.P. Dick Clark...
Make sure to check out the King Tut exhibit if you have time.
Okay sent, let me know when you receive it. Thanks so much :-)
Murió mi black ):
On the bus with these ghetto ass bitches from Houston Gardens goin to this fuckin Houston Can
LOVE has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get-only with what you are expecting to give-which is everything.
I aspired to be liv tyler for much of high school. also please see: portishead, glory box; sam phillips, I need love.
I'm the only person at Henry's baseball practice wearing earmuffs, but since I grew up in Florida
Difficult 2 nights of sports in DFW ": No f-ing way!"
Word's comment features + typed comments + pdf > trying to grade electronically with various e-ink solutions.
she is living and enjoying life you should try it.
Is it the eyes photo? Just curious.
Po Boy tonight...
I AM TEN AWAY FROM 800 FOLLOWERS..CAN SOMEONE PLEASEE HELP ME GET THERE???!!!! Please :)
Hate that I'm miles away and I can't help <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
On that note "Pleasure Ryland" by is
alright I will
Its only three days until the Super Bowl, and no athletes have given me tickets. I am starting to panic, what should I do?
I have the worst test anxiety ever
Smooth, Mike Bennett. Real smooth.
are you taking world? haha i swear these honors classes are gonna be the death of me
Bitbucket has free unlimited private repositories for Git now.
hahaha I wish. It was only less than 10 ppl but it was more than usual! I felt like my words carried weight for a bit.
So long, Marcus Trufant. Thank you for some quality service! Sorry you got old and broke down.
Wait a minute. Why would anyone think "commercially viable" and "not for profit" are mutually exclusive?
Today's Flatbread: Chicken, basil, tomato, kalamata olives over feta, provel & mozzarella Soups: Korean Veg. Or Thai Chili Watermelon Gaz.
Live music tonight at 7 ! Featuring Kelly Riley:)
um. that was fun! xD <3
Color is locked for #GirlClown! Just have final mix to do!
Why not make the electric boat in a wakeboarding version? Or is that coming soon?
Instagram for Android.....
ROCK TO THE RHYTHM OF THE FUCKIN JAM.
Very good choice! :-)
That is pretty cool. Now, I might have to play it!
I think I might slip some in the punch.
Keys to a win team presentation Tip 2: Decide in advance who will open the presentation and who will close the presentation.
Raquel Welch turns 71 today. Can you still be sexy when you're that old?
Made myself some too so now I'm going back to bed lol
give him a smooch for me.
may have picked the wrong major... Instead of being done with math, I'm eyeball deep in business forecasting.
Happy Easter Everybody!!! :D
Carole’s book charts hundred years of family’s history
Jamming out with billyschneidss and
I'm scheduling to get my tattoo soon as soon as track is over!
come see us tomorrow at the K Mart on US31 south in #Greenwood, Indiana. We'll be serving up your favorite hot dogs.. c u there ? OK?
She sang TSMGO, the country version. “: Oh my feed is so rough on Skylar. I don't think it was that bad. LOL”
« #Libra<U+0092>s are loyalty, caring, devoted, sociable, cooperative, and indecisive lol»
I don't want to see the #Giants at #Lambeau anytime soon, they are the only team that scares me- d is playing well
YES coming over everyday “: Yas the pool is open <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>”
RT On the 8th Day of X-Mas, gave to me... at , courtesy of ! RT to win!
When I get logical, and I don't trust my instincts - that's when I get in trouble. - Angelina Jolie
efficient~efficient~
I AM SO DUMB JFC
Locks of Love<U+2764>
Even if you have one credit on IMDB, put a picture up. VALUABLE!!
How much are the tix??
Being the life of the party in the car with #yeahbuddy!!!!
that too. Buying it just to play with its corpse? I hope they at least made some horse jerky
I would be watching a documentary about secret societies cough Free Masons cough. What is sleep
First that marriage vow, now this - how do you find the most absurd news items? Thanks for sharing them so we can rage too!
Tonight is Behind the Scenes w/ & Sean MacLean and Pitmen Painters Director Kurt Beattie. Free food , wine & talk before the show!
I will, kiddo. and have dranks and hang out we will :)
Point. Set. Match.
Pennslyvanie-Flow w/the Nephews Uncle-Flow
If one more person said "how about those Pens" to me today I was going to come at them like a spider monkey.
gonna miss the kid though! He sure made last season fun to watch =) How bout you Andy? What are your thoughts?
Depends -- did you type this from an ice bath? RT : I can't feel them, thats a good sign right?
i hate crying.
Home Field for the Packers. So happy
I tweeted more today than I ever have.
My son is teething, fussy, and won't sleep in his crib
Oh just listening to my mom and grandma make bird noises
Bro you're too ugly to get all the hot bitches during road games.
My #BadAss of day":Clean sheets on my bed, a load of jeans in the washer.Hot/cold patch on my back...all I can manage"
10 Facebook tips (pt 2): Don't post 1,000 pics. Don't make pointless updates. Don't fish for compliments. Don't start drama. Delete your FB.
Hello, good morning :)
I hardly ever come out my room. I really have no reason besides bathroom, food, & chores.
Panel 4 #EUdpconf - As occurence of acronyms & jargon has increased thru day, discussion has gotten more useful practcal & concrete
No. No I cannot.
follow me please UR family is amzing and so are u in so many ways I <3 u UR amazingly gorgeous please follow me!!xoxoxo
I hate madonna
Not Whitney!!! I am stunned!!! R.I.P. Whitney Houston :(
Leaving early for American Craft Expo in Evanston-fabulous show. I am in booth 51. Please stop by.
I love you boo<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099> hehe
Please bring me a glass of water.
amazing, that's what u r <3
Home alone watching scary movies all night yupp
Drop the world
is doing stunning things on the Red Carpet!
Chatting with XFelons4Hire at 's #Cubs fundraiser.
Now that footballs over what's your go to sport to watch on weekends?
I found the Facebook movie pretty good on the whole, i liked its final message. know who your getting into bed with.
I see you're based in Dallas, TX. Not too far from the #ZOMM home base (Tulsa, OK).
Musiq Soul Child "Someone" is a favorite of mine...Press play and chillout..
Rich to a broke person broke to the wealthy
hello Sam!
I like how my chemistry teacher always gives us 10 minutes at the end.of class to talk :D
you better tighten up lol
why are you tweeting stories from June 2011?
lies, what about Justin?! <U+E410>
give me 2 weeks bro and I'll be good to ride!
Happy 40th Birthday my girlfriend Kerry! #Zoltons #Salon North #Scottsdale! Love you Mia see you in a few days!
You know you're doing it right when you think, "I think my cat wants me to be less lazy."
Breakfast for dinner is the best!
go to bed assle!
thanks - I just changed it up. Gotta get sponsors now. U can definitely make it! U r creative and stylish
ah, now i see it. many thanks! appreciate the kind words (especially in public) and as always glad we're talking here!
No!! I haven't seen it yet.
At Saint Anselm College for the Study Abroad Fair today in Davison Hall 11 - 1:30.
I haven't watched "Survivor" since Ethan won in Africa, but I have to say, I'm loving 's tweets.
OOMF IS GOING IS GOING IN LOL
You want tart? You want spicy? The Cloquer ("kloh-kay", French::pucker): 2 gin (Seneca Drums, Finger Lakes, NY), 1 lemon juice, 1/3 Campari.
Nathan is sexy... And he knows it. See what I did there?? ;)
BEZZ BELIEVE GOES SO HARD!!! HIS MUSIC AND HIS GRIND ARE AMAZING! HE IS THE GREATEST IN THE GAME #TEAM DBT
#imagine time(:
It's about to go down!!!
#InOurGeneration Real Music is a urban legend and is being replaced by some of the dumbest sh*t I have ever seen in my life.
considering live-tweeting the oscars
The Knicks do not play defense and the have -0- zero team chemistry. Everyone wants the ball.
Thanks for the stats. But, poor economy and employee unhappiness not the best explanation. What about violation of rights?
what does he drive?
Wheels down in SEA!
COLLEGE MATH IS SO HARD!!!! i need someone thats good at math to help me!!!
You know how it is...a girl has to work sometime! LOL!
I cringe everytime i see Gooden playing Center.. ouch...tonight especially vs superman
Memphis! Catch our sessions airing on birthday - Sat April 7 at midnight on PBS.
I know that I just met you, but I might just dare to say that I love you
"hold on, Eva longoria is texting me"
I've already been laying in bed all day. Come lay with me, we can watch Netflix ;) haha
You are the reason for my being.
I cried when they discontinued the enchirito
Hey ur back! :) Did u reinstall the app? This is on ur mobile, right? Sometimes rebooting helps.
incase you ain't got the number anymore 903-804-7779 just hit me when you need em
If anything, shows how much team has changed. Can you imagine if that happened 5-8 years ago? Yikes!
Can presentations display on a larger screen via VGA connector on the IPAD?
aw I'm sorry!!! I still love u tho
This doesn't happen every Friday in your world? Come on ... [RT Somebody is swallowing a sword in the middle of our office.]
love you love you love you. Let's follow4follow? yes? try the link on my profile if you need free promotion.
Traffic in Nashville TN. sucks
Feel sorry for my KState brethren. It's tough to see Frank Martin go. Much respect for what he accomplished at KSU and hoped he'd stay
And says the magic word, "responsive" in 3..2..1..
This is not acepetable
You mean like Montreal did in the Fucito deal with us? It's pretty common actually
RT Please sponsor me for the london marathon I am running next week in aid of kids w/ #downsyndrome www.justgiving.com/terry-peart
You know I will!! Both scary situations...
Boy boy boy..... What has this world come too !
Can u take some pictures while there please
Average food stamp benefit is $133/mo and maximum is $200. Yet congressional Republicans want to cut the program by 20%
Thanks - looking forward to yours.
Half Off at Mack &amp; Dub<U+FFFD>s Excellent Chicken &amp; Waffles: (good as a gift, this one...)
Congratulations Hedgesville High School! 2012 "A" WV State Basketball Champs! It was a great game!!!
Guys: don't say anything to your girl that you wouldn't want your mom to hear.
Done with homework! :D
Barber shops are fun to be in...
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool i want to flip off my math and science, and social studies teacher
drawing manga is tough )= the simplest mistake can change everything ill still practice thou
Woohoo!!! RT : Lots of raves for
Damn you Denny's commercial...
Happy Cinco de Mayo
Ha...nice RT : one to hold the bulb and 16 to complain that Germany isn't spinning the room fast enough.
Had a techie colleague check out the package. It is a hard drive, but for an older model of a computer that we don't have.
"Try Again" by Aaliyah has been stuck in my head all day..
until sunday.
I just got mad . - _______ -
I'm so lonely on new years eve :/
#SAGAFTRA merged on National Cleavage Day. Both events illustrate the same thing - two of a kind paired together can be pretty great.
are you comin back tonight or the mornin?
gotcha! You're 2 players away. Or a TRUE #2 guy away
Just heard issue2 poet is upstairs at dressels...we.re downstairs having din!
#Fact Only Ugly, Untalented People Hate on me ;)
Project Runway? Nope, Project Vocab. "Few activities are as delightful as learning new vocabulary." -Tim Gunn
This good loving bet you gonna miss it. Trina ft K. Michelle-No More
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked Are you gay?
They def should!
._. I don't sound like that Trang lol
I'm sorry that I cant always make you happy.
yeah. Everyone says he's been AWOL for months. People have gotten the resale company to transfer domains, but not files
are you excited to come to buffalo and get some wings? ;)
A spider crawled into my brain I left it there and I went insane.
awww, help me out. I don't recognize ur twittername. D:
If u have been following our broadcast & have Qs on ethical issues affecting colleges, university & businesses, tweet us!
Summer concert beautiful weather, great food & hot guys . . .perfect night!
best kept secret in Newark <-- thank you for the
AYE shut the FUCK yp jerome
Trust dies but mistrust blossoms. Think twice about what you think u see.
aww Anna, I love you! I'd miss yours too! But I just blah idk
All of us do not have equal talent, but all of us should have an equal opportunity to develop our talents. - John F. Kennedy
Man, this Braun may be innocent news really has me excited. Hey how long till Opening Day?
No matter how hard I try. Molly always finds my fingers. Grrr. Little Devil.
ok, well what is it?
Silly Pete
dudelaws, thanks for following us on Twitter!
The First Five people to re-tweet this Summer Special $99 for Three months at Titans Gym 50x's will get TWO FREE months of Tanning.
are you going to be in Seattle this weekend w/ ?
Well, I'm sorry I can't afford a Ferrari, but that don't mean I can't get you there.
and , can't wait to see yours and everyone else's chairs!
Thanks so much for the #FF guys!!! Looking forward to the next Podcast!
it was cool. I like the draft picks we got. I like the wr we got.
awhh im sorry!! <3 i know its hard, but youll make it through!! text me if you need to
The water main for the office is busted. Things could get quite unsanitary today.
I believe that spirit is all. of course it is for you! Hugs1
Fuck. I watch way too much TV.
Paul Tillich~ Man is asked to make of himself what he is supposed to become to fulfill his destiny.
Freddie Boom Boom Washington has good pipes
wait... has over 1,000 followers? How the hell did that happen?!
Starting my real estate career in Newton/Watertown/Brookline area in just a few weeks!!
Star Trek In HD from Itunes!!! Thrill Me!
whats up bro?
Hey Kathy...I'm out...under the table...I'm out...
When it rains it pours, I hope I have an umbrella.
Never really know who your true friends are
you have such an amazing voice!
Justin we love u n u know we have to giveback. U deserve it and many more<3 Love:)
You should totally do regular instead! I'm so happy the only accelerated/ap classes I'm taking are APABCalc and Acc. Physics :D
Looks like 2012 is going to be a little more interesting than I had anticipated… Still not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing yet
you are welcome
Never judge a book by its cover.
I'm bored "classic"
WHAT'S UP PPL
I disagree. Justice is what most people who've been protesting want. Nothing more. Nothing less.
Ouch! after being unemployed for a few months, getting up early is going to be really painful all over again :(
drama. When did I "disrespect" you? Said if you don't like me screw. as in unfollow. Not gonna change for you
WHAT THE FUCK. LAME
you around/free on Monday to talk about those app ideas I have?
I imagine hell to be a lot like the
Your donations on the Today Show are amazing...your heart is in the right place.
Church was awesome!!! Glory be to GOD
no one wants to go with me lol :(
just say when an where and im there! it should be a bunch of 1D song put together
#UrNotFromSouthLondonIf You are from Lower Uncton
Catholic dioceses dropping lawsuit over foster care - Chicago Tribune
Exporting part of scene 1 edited from the rehearsal! Stay tuned!
not sure! Maybe this spring! :)
I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
Just sent you some mixes to your e-mail. Check em out!
Sounds like someone just saw an ad for Time-Warner Cable.
Its also interesting to look at how cultural practices and design prescribe what gay should be.
Let videotape it and put it on http:// www.youtube.com/mrselfserve23 lol
Time is more valuable than money. You can get more money, but you cannot get more time.
Well looks like Hailey's is going to be making some decisions. The College Exceptance Letters are coming in...
If you are happy and you know it, you clap your hands. If you are sad and you know it you go see a psychiatrist.
no but my teachers in here so I have to be here.
Do it. RT : Are you looking for updates on Md. schools? Follow , and
I will get the three staff favorites to you later today when everyone is here
Thank you for the shoutout
whatever comes with two fish and is on sale, haha
can't wait for tonight hiting the waves the big one's
Totally getting a sweatband that says "pitch please" for these games hahaha
Many of us have been putting them up in our own homes due to the repression Councilmember.
done wit her foreal now>>>>>>>>>>>>> no prisoners
Yea man! Trying to get this track done but no word yet!
1 worry that we'll get hit by an asteroid ...
I feel like i may burst into tears over the smallest thing right now.and i dont know why.
It is what it is
Love it. Just focus on the immediate task at hand... Good advice.
We love our patrons! Happy Valentine's Day! Join us for a cozy dinner! And a pint of course...
At Munich Airport, there are free newspapers from all over the Western world, but you pay for wireless internet.
I'm not defending zim, he was wrong. He's a rent-a-cop no need for him to have a gun. Ctd...
Great game today these boys better not choke, I wanna enjoy my food today with no problems..lol
lovin' the little green check mark. and his magic computer... i mean
Nick Kronwall thinks it would be sad if Stuart were to leave but understands its a business and he expects definite change
Yes! RT : RT : If you want to see a great example of a talent community, look around the room at
I don't think we're going to have austreams anymore :/
Most likely on here (:
goognight i;m gonna go cry over the fact that i don't get to see
RT : Calling yourself a mixmaster when you can't mix is like calling yourself a chef when you cant cook and that is the Gospel
I applaud your taste in public broadcasting. Xoxo
Means you don't know how to spell could. RT cud mean nothing but tebow was running routes pregame. orton and quinn were throwing.
this twitter is good
turn it around.... turn it upside down. love to hear it... get up .....
Colin Powell is a Hero......
Going to sit down today and write out all of my goals in all areas of my life that need improvements.
true mktg opp but unfortunately doesn't help dig divide as some mistakenly believe. Kids can't do homework on a smartphone
Andrew Romanoff is currently on Nightside. Be sure to tune in...
I made that mistake at taco bell... some fruit punch they had. never again.
repeats that "government worked." "We fulfilled promise of public service." About to sign bill...
You know you need to friends when you answer to Bonquiesha Cherise....
haha I saw that and cringed as he approached it.
Winter storm warning? It's spring though.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
i do all the time lol
Omg Omg Omg :O
I don't know what I'm going to do on Sundays.
You'd love it here Alex! Let us know if we can answer any questions for you.
IVCTV.NET is looking for your feedback on the site that showcases Independent Artists music videos. Let us know what you think! Tweet it!
It makes my day when I see an old lady with a mustache.
Come out and run or walk on Sept. 16 in support of preventing and treating child abuse. Check out JPA's website to register and learn more!
A very good night for the Mets and Rangers! Let's keep it going.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME! It would mean everything!:)<3
What's your favorite member-benefit? We love Discovery.
happy Monday!
got honked at, and the most rachet trick leaned out and yelled to me "DAMN! You one of dem tall dark ass Morris Chestnut lookin niggas!"
Food & book & lunch
Another Cute Follower...
so where's the secret location? Feel free to DM me :)
come to texas its shit
Law & Order SVU
": oh! Me! Im having a fun and flirty 30 party!with Bellydance and burlescue dancing!!! Im excited!
The lovely Vanessa Price groomed Foo Fighters this evening
Kobe making history tonight believe that!!!
Overnight success takes years.
I've been good pal. Trying to close on a big deal I've been working on for 4-months so hoping it'll be a game-changer!
Seriously today saw an earthquake, a regime collapse in Africa, and Irene in the Atlantic... and Casey Anthony is still breaking news?
seriously? Jesus Christ.
David DeJesus getting a lot of love from the wgn cameras. Take it easy
Long day coming tomorrow and its almost 4 am and I cant sleep. meetiings, audition and need to work on more music!
i had to endure the horrendous mel gibson film 'apocalypto'.. what a joke. and i sent you the song on spotify
Everything comes to the light
Lmao. What song is that off
having fun in the snow! we truly have about a foot in columbus! haven't seen this much snow here in forever. sledding later.
Ball So Hard... That $hi* Crazy... Lol. I just had the best Weekend ever in Wi... Now back in NYC.
So tired
Got $50 from my grandparents for my birthday. Should I spend it on Mayhem Fest, or Warped Tour tix or a new Hookah?
me I like twitter more. I meet cool people like you more on twitter than Facebook .i am on Facebook at least once a day ...
& that was the day that I promised I'd never sing of love if it does not exist, but darlin you are the only exception.
#BobbyBrown says people have it all wrong. He says #WhitneyHouston introducd HIM to drugs. C his exclusive intv on #News4 @ 4
That was so much fun!
Keep the rain coming Atlanta! I'm tired of living in Pollen City USA.
that would be great Andrea! We're comin back soon so let me know if you can make it!
Hope to see u at #SommChat 11 AM CST!
dThomas not mad at TBow actually laughed during interview, just was reflecting his and locker rooms feelings for TBow
It's not being negative when it's the truth. No one has a plan, no one's looking out for you.
Shelly Bell! Love you sis. Yes! Let's
needs to take advantage of this mktg goldmine. RT : I think I'm going to go get some chicken shawarma for lunch today.
I bet it is close to the opposite...that would be very interesting, too! :-)
Lets just go out to the desert and shoot all of our electronics. Ill bring the guns.
Sore lifted with my trainer then play like 10 hard games if three on three then worked out again at planet fitness im beat <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
what're you doing??
the dog just needs some love and patience
I didnt even bring my math home..
A lot of great stuff happening with the site everyday.....getting there
Excited for Luminosity's holiday soiree tonight! w/
babies are always acting like rich people.
Hoping to play at Orange Drive Miami Beach Music Festival 2012! Interested in attending?
What is your most important task for tomorrow? Get it done first thing in the morning and set the tone for the rest of your day!
I dunno.I was just watching The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh and wanted to Ice skate.
There are no small acts of kindness... Inspire.
#Muni plans to implement all-door boarding by July 1 this year. Send and us your thoughts on whether or not if it's a good idea.
almost 6 I think
": in this day of clutter, organized people are so refreshing."<-- True that. It's called
Say Somethin just played last night on the radio, and there are already like 50 videos on youtube of it, haha.
this nigga staring too hard . but I'am cute today .
Librarian wearing lapel-less jacket
He misses you too! And yes you are more than ok!! Love ya brother
if u r good at something and u dont get reconigized u r gona want to quit
Playing with Spotify. After years of Pandora, I can't help but think it should be suggesting songs instead of making me work for my music!!
Pretty apparent that the #49ers basically gave up once it sunk in that they would have to play the #Patriots. Just laid down and let NY win.
There's nothing I tweet about anymore
you are too kind! Thank so much for the #ww love!
On the verge of greatness
Its hard work being me.
definately top 5 guest of all time. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Off to hell....
I love the confused stares when I walk into home depot alone....there just #boobs people
I Love my City & I am not afraid 2 look at & enjoy an old fashioned shellacking !! #SFGiants gettin schooled on the Art of Fine Ass Kicking
Enough with fake people
Prepare yourself, 12 days. #SpeakEasy. Get excited people.
Just heard KG say "Get that sh*t out of herer" Mic is too close.
Currently following 900 Bears fans. All of you are awesome!
I'm anchoring this morning. Led every newscast. I would have covered it if not for the 2am wakeup call.
no! =[ you'll be missed
Greer's cattle markers, most likely
Hey Kobe and MJ would have swished it...
Me and my coworkers are extra ratchet today
and I will be the official taste testers for and !!!
The blessing that it is Friday >>>
when someone randomly flips out about nothing <<
How many outdoor stage collapses were there this year? Didn't we learn anything from the Curtis Mayfield incident in Brooklyn, 1990?
I love Gweneth Paltrow's dress!!
21 Jump street is good
who's this Kennedy girl everybody is talking about..?
“: congrats to the great He is a lucky mang!!!” An Inspiring love story urself!
99 year old bachelor married for the first time to his 89 year old fiancee Met in a Nursing Home she proposed and now enjoy marital bliss
james dillon has joined the community
It's alright, #Bulls will make adjustments, get a proper tongue lashing from Thibbs and steal 1 in Philly
There can be up to 1,400 strains of bacteria lurking in your belly button, according to the Mother Nature Network.
Lavo Brunch time LET'S GO!!!
lol yes you do
The least a mom could do is buy her hungry kids some food. Like seriously?
haha I was watching you and get mobbed by fans. So sorry but you two were super cute!
Listening to 's new audio book. Thirsty for tequila.
Me-"If I'm not mistaken, the bus driver was just flirting with me" abby-"if I'm not mistaken, he was"
Perseverance is better than defeat. <U+4E03><U+8EE2><U+3073><U+516B><U+8D77><U+304D>
I like to kiss girls, <3
Who broke twitter this time? Don't worry I won't tell anyone just DM me.
there I did
Who need some hot sixteens for songs
Dear #BestFriendsForever is the funniest new show on the air! You already made ep 5 & 6: give us 2 more chances to show you we love it!
¢ = option+4 on Mac, alt+0162 on Windows. Inflation hit keyboards hard. :-p Happily, the same isn't true for book sales.
If ur hungry, I can provide some sausage for u...
You should definitely check out Austin, Texas live music scene! IT is usually happening during college semesters!
WHOA! looks killa!
www.vegasites.com just went live......go play with it
Sounds like good reading before bed. What hooks essay?
It's a nice day in KY for an IndyCar race. Excited to cheer on and today at the KY MotorSpeedway!
Do any of you who follow us listen to the show? Let us know! Thanks!
bahah i come and fangirl on twitter c;
#askariana Which do you like more? Your brown hair or your red velvet hair?(:
Damnit you jinxed me! They got me!
wish you would. I #love your water.
What a beautiful white fairytale is outside! all white... all white and crispy cold! 0*F ( ~ -18*c).
Well It Makes Him Happy!
Think they won't listen until they know you? I say "They won't know you until you get them to listen" Get their attention first!
Who kept the faith and fought the fight; The glory theirs, the duty ours. ~Wallace Bruce
I'll give Hamilton a call.
In "line" at the DMV. The doors open in 2 minutes and I'm one of ~30 waiting outside of it.
Quote of the Day: We come to love not by finding a perfect person, but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly....Sam Keen
Set sail for the eastern caribbean at 4pm from Baltimore. Gonna be a fun 9 days.
Two base error made by Angels to give the Indians a 2-0. Torii Hunter (RF) lost the ball in the sun.
When you take the second e out of believing you get Be Living so our beliefs are what we are living! - Wiliam Constantine
-sobs into my pillow- I CAN'T FOCUS. I'M SCREWED..
I can't get my fancy kite off the ground! How do you do it?
RT : If you notice that I never want to talk about me and prefer for you to talk, it's because I'm not interested.<< asshole lol
Happy New Month Oakland!
sunday morning? I'm usually out cold on that day & time
Great opening reception at
hey best friend I love your SF glasses I sounder what it stands for?!?! Hahaha ps: it stands for Sierra Francis haha
that probably makes me the happiest person EVER! thank you!! y'all have fun!!
we are working on getting it online. Stay tuned.
God has enlightened me with so much today.. Thank you to all the people who truly have had nothing but good intentions w/ me. Much love
Lord get me through this week....I graduate Saturday :)
Cookout and Caymus 08 Zinfandel. Lots of raisin, honey/sweet nectar on the nose
AVENGERS TONIGHT BOIIIIIIIII
walk on down!! It's all free :)
hilarious! Carlos loves Rosy too. We'll make it a Friday night double date.
Big thank you to my good friends and Darcy Shean for being supportive and so much fun. I am very grateful!
Local native's film screened today at Marietta festival.
Thank you baby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764> RT : Happy Mothers Day to one of the sexiest mothers I know, <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
George Carlin: Dead. Leslie Nielsen: Dead. Mitch Hedberg: Dead. Greg Giraldo: Dead. Dane Cook: A-Okay. God has some explaining to do.
Coolin , Bored As A Mf. When are you going back too the W ?
Need to reach us for a booking or have a question? email us at:
all is going well man, still at Conill...How are things Going for you at Dell?
Rock Chalk
Eminem's old stuff is so depressing, but so good!
p.s. Have been in NY for a week. What a place!
I'm humored by a friend's Facebook post seeking a source of good Mexican food in Pune, India.
Adult Swim, Beers, Sports and Video Games w/ Conor: Its easy being a guy
STATE CHAMPS. WOO
I wish
Thanks for posting the review of the Cavafy inspired photographs.
holy cow
Dance away! RT "Goodies" is playing at - I was told not to dance at the dinner table but I just can't help this.
i wanna have a little puppy to cuddle with.
Really? RT How? it's very simple, gay people go in schools and teach heterosexuals' kids that homosexuality is popular
Must of been the way you kissed me<3
lol yeaa!! Stupid people these days
What can I say....sometimes not seeing where my friends are is better. ;)
no...not now...but i want to at some point...
Today feels like a summer day o:
Teamwork Beats Talent <U+E42B><U+E42A>
damn I wish I was there right now
Black People Dont Want to Be saved And its A shame
Be a Force of Beauty.
Emmett loves the vet. Like, a lot.
I'm gonna say this one more time, BLACK FOLKS please tell your kids to say yes sir and no sir to white people with a gun, theyll live longer
Amazing show in Lowell MA with !! Can't wait for Sunday!! Performing at the walk for hunger in downtown boston! (:
That looks pretty cool... Have you tried it?
me to
Yes, Chris, it would be so cool if it was my job to make movies. Every day. On set, or planning to be. I want more.
In school, im so glad that they didnt block twitter off here! cant wait to get home! #borde :P
"The harder I work, the luckier I get." - Samuel Goldwyn
Yhu Don't Even Fly Wit Me
Don't do social networking? No skin off your back? Or food off your plate? Depends . . .
Last full day of being responsible.
time lunch
Photoshop Tip: Clean out unused items from your menus! Go to 'Windows > Workspace > Keyboard Shortcuts & Menus' and hide them.
Can't sleep heard the Lakers won
Weight down three lbs for the week. A good start. 25 more to go.
Hey Kim, thanks for the RT. Hope all is well.
Glad to have gone to university in NZ and UK, where it was $2,000 a year not $50,000! Acceptable at that rate.
Just had a flashback of requesting Knife Party at Moe's on Saturday...people were so freaked
here's a tweet for the sake of a tweet.
Every day until Election Day, GOP+Media will try to manufacture reason for voters to care what they say, but no one will.
I spent the evening in reading, writing, and thinking
I guess Broncos weren't serious -> “: S Brandon Merriweather agrees to 2yr/$6M deal with Skins #freeagency”
630 AM road to Montreal, small vans, lumberjack breakfast, and priceless company.
Science homework is pissing me off. It's about bees. I KNOW NOTHING ABOUT BEES. I HATE THOSE BITCHES.
Composing in A minor
<U+200E>"Discipline is just choosing between what you want now and what you want most"~
girl don't nobody wanna hold a convo wit you !
Sometime I am just too...
has dance moves you haven't even seen!
if you say so
ahh, so that explains the skid mark seen on Reb's face as you left said men's room, per WLOX....
Thx! RT One of the reasons people stop #learning is that they become less and less willing to risk failure. ~John W. Gardner
Registered "Jul 18 LIVE 's Nest" performance. Congratulations & , keep it up!!
I think I caught fleas from sitting next to a homeless man on the bus. I'm serious. Is this possible?
That's a bitch haha , she hella cussed you out &&' flicked you off lmao .
We've got some rearranging to do
Have Fun!!
you are a man of many words.
Heading to Calvary Christian this morning for yVote! Hopefully lots of new voters when we leave.
hahaha yes! He definitely does. Lol.
There's no other room on the schedule--which is why I need #AcBoWriMo to begin with. :-/
Phone with him <3
back Streets back alright!
Our users did 14510 minutes of customized online yoga last week! you guys ROCK! we mean... OMMMM
Will do.
Best game of last year by a country mile
,the show was alright. hoping to actually be there in person 4 the next 1! that means this yr it's gonna be #workhard & #pushhard 4 me!! ;)
#Don'tbemad that you realized what you lost
At least I've got two QBs to root for now. The AFC Championship Game will cause me some internal strife, however.
great article..
God damn, Hermione why did u end up lovin Ron? I mean there was Harry all along!
1-0 win over UF and 0-1 loss to UCF. Good outing considering UCF rested a lot of their starters
as much as I work, you'd think I'd be rich.. but no. I hate having responsibilities.
We're live!!!! COME AND WATCH US AT WWW.GARETHANDGREG.COM!!!! ALL CAPS FTW!!!
i just wanna hide under my covers all day, i feel horrible :(
Thank you, we appreciate your support!
Follow this cool ass fool.
Going Home
And the only time Didion would get a laugh
great hangin with you and Kevin Na today thank goodness for unlimited minutes
(616):I told him that all frat guys do it... it was that easy to get him to go down on me.
i followed. :)
Haha sorry. Nope not Fallout Boy but the game Fallout :) It's the best!!
they the worst man
Since my friends are gone off Twitter for a few days, I'll talk about Jaylor all day. I dont wanna spam their timelines. :)
I got caught going 95 down a 15 mile road
i think european centers overall are week. Dirk is an amazing basketball player but i feel like he's a bit soft
#BLACK CONSERVATIVES ARE THE NIGGAS WHO LEFT THE HOOD N never looked back.
Ha! I'm guessing would opt for a beer instead. ;-)
"You Never Give Me Your Money" is a pimps least favorite Beatles song.
what's that supposed to mean??
I'm writIng 2 stories on quizazz at the moment but who wants me to write a new chapter of My Secrets?? 5+Likes ~Leanne<21
Steve Browne is a Golden God.
So then, for you, it's 4G LTE (real 4G if you will) or gtfo? Doesn't matter the phone?
If so, go back to your Klan meeting, put on your nazi hood, and go straight to hell....you are absolutely pathetic.
Shields in, Bush out
Thanks, Mike. The only hat I have in hand, which is the hat I use often, is my safari hat...used while gardening.
I needed the laugh.
I remember at work seeing the biggest roach walk across my cash register as I'm handing food to a customer idk if I should laugh or scream
No problem! Let us know when you make an appointment! :)
DJ Abilities + TBA to play Cactus on Sat., May 12!! more details soon...
Less this <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B1> more this <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0082>.
Merry Xmas to all our What's the Score friends.
Yeah man i love them one of my favorites
RT : Read The Devil in the White City. Great narrative of the Gilded Age: architecture and serial murder. Really! #sschat >>So good!
Yes, Tuesdays is industry night! If u work in a restaurant or bar, bring in ur pay stub & it's half off! EVERYTHING!
I guess it is! it just gets crazy when u cant control it at times lol
Accel mentioned these guys
Wtf there's a new baseball team MIAMI MARLINS when this happen????
I would lose haha
Im soo bored, but i dunno what to do cause im not tired..
thx for the help, that's a great timesaver!
Most people really think my name is Nauji lmao
ah! Thank you! Been taking Oxy Elite and it works good! I'm thisclose to being to my weight goal
Hey producers of the new fall shows, what's with all the Brits and Aussies playing Americans? We have great American actors who can act!
are they? Haha omg
how about getting real-time known cable tv outage info on the web site.
thanks gabs!!
EXCELLENT ANSWER to "Who do you aspire to be like?" ;o)
: What are you most excited about - #QR, #NFC, or GPS/Geo Based technologies?
So Tomorrow Gets His Braces Off(; Omg Your Ganna Be Even Sexier ;D
thanks for the follow! Can't wait to check out your music :)
it's ironic, b/c I was going to ask if you would be willing to provide you pro-perspective on genealogy and family reunions...
That's what I am trying to find out! Ok ladies..... what say you? Participate or not participate in #noshavenovember?
Coming to Pace next Friday, the got a 4 star review in this week!
lazy butt c:<
um.... Yes! “: Anyone want a sneak peek of YGS #30: The Musical?”
I guess I really did decide to declare myself a #patriots fan at the right time! #tebow to the jets!
Tumblr > Twitter > Facebook > MySpace
VERY cool show to announce soon. Stick close for details.
It's Spring! Which can only mean one thing: #IAS12 is about to kick off. OK, the two have nothing in common but aren't you excited?
Getting the market going for ALA Editions first Moodle course. YA Readers' Advisory w/ Jessica Moyer.
Just got a chillis coupon via email. we are TOTES using this this week :)))))
u kno how da MOB get over colds!!
I hunch the air as a dance when I'm drunk...
Every time I see your face, my heart takes off on a high speed chase<3
FB is filing a shelf-registration with the SEC for a $10B common stock offering valuing the company at $100B. That valuation is nuts
Ryan Theriot pinch hitting w/go-ahead run on 3rd; still stunned by that call from Rapuano at 1st, just terrible
Scream, shout, scream, shout, we are the fallen angels
Looking for a DC based film student interested in doing some fun work for us!
Imagine Costas narrating your life in your ears.
did you know the crew of the Aircare5 flight?
Congratulations, man. Was that the one that helped list missing people after the storm?
J is way too happy this morning I see a trap coming>>>>>
Your collection is amazing!
Going to see Tron...with my girls
I hope they decide to leave the galaxy gold on the Space Needle for awhile. Looks great.
my brotha is right no matta hw many different covas he has up, he still has mostly jb, labels wnt originals
I'm more Chunky Monkey than Chubby Hubby.
But at least is taller than me. :D
American exceptionalism MT Before all of you complain about the lack of rights for gays in America, look at the Middle East.
Ahh go away teacher so i can txt
Shout out to the supporters of our reverb page / alot of the tracks u heard did make the cut as well as a few never before heard BANGERS!
we shall listen?
Nov 1--12:30 I'm presenting a slide show focused on German immigrants in Goose Hollow at Zion Lutheran (18th & Salmon). Public is welcome.
Morning! Just two more weeks and i'll be out of school! :D
Lol Linsanity turns it over way too much
“: Romney camp turning gaffe into gift hitting Santorum: SANTORUM: IF IT’S NOT ME, LET’S RE-ELECT OBAMA” thats ok with me!
That makes you a tease! Haha
August! We'll be sending out the details ASAP. RT : I was wondering when the next event was going to be!
says that I am so not feeling the justice system right now. We all need to have candles lit at 7PM. Troy Davis will be executed today.
Will you and Vinny follow me please i would be so happy if you did<3-:)
“I was surprised how fast the Laser hair removal treatments worked. It is such an image boost to not worry about unwanted hair.” Bonnie says
Precisely! Issa's a greedy criminal to the core.
6 more tuesdays until my license!!
The USAID and MASHAV,the Israeli international development organization, are teaming up to promote food security in Africa.
I should get a BMW motorcycle!
I was born in Hawaii and its ok(: i like it!
Yeah, I'm not a happy #bride!
I can only play cod sitting in the same position in my chair Otherwise I go negative
Yay, so glad! :) RT : I am carrying around my bag as a shopping tote today... received a few questions about it!
Thank you Foundation for supporting us to get the final filming in Alaska, we couldn't have done this without you.
I don't let them in the game, but I see them out.
According to the Tweet postings that is correct
How happy r we that Andy is back!!! Would be nice the offense would do something
#BmoreFail Baltimore and surrounding is a risk averse region because most survive off government contracts
Initial results from our Avatar ad test indicates that conversion rates are much higher for ads featuring the avatar
Just had the most amazing coffee chat in L.A. with Exec Prod Jim Shoaf, Exec Prod Stuart Owens and Writer/Director/Prod Jeb Stuart. Woohoo!
Last day of 2011!!!!!
yes I changed my bio so our differences could be clarified, however my name was always the same, even before I knew about you
Kentucky looks STRONG.
My mom just asked me if Indiana gets cellphone signal.
when somebody delete your number & you text them & they be like who this WTF \(°_°)/
I WANT A BOYFRIEND DAMMNIT IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK
For young women, melanoma rates on the rise
Its a snake skin No its a used condom lmfao ! #hangover lmfao
let's welcome Modern Event LA...the best in LA.
what is the box truck and why do we care?
Mid morning run. Bleachers too. Extra cardio feels good. >:)
Every body's sleepingm. N I'm up doin nothin =|
No clue- woke up sick and think its a stomach bug. I better get quick soon since I leave for LA thursday!
Another year of strange sightings this weekend in SF? Time to bring out the digital camera for evidence. #bay2breakers 2012
HIS NAME IS 1A52
now officially trail a team for the first time in the 4th quarter dating back to the beginning of this winning streak.
I know! Twitter things so weird, its a media obsession with her. Sad.
you gotta fly Delta brah. I flew from LA to Minny today and watched the last 3 qtrs on the plane. LSU crushed.
thank U. I'm craving your chipotle ketchup. My wiener should go on the #WWE tour.
Morning you twitter fiends! This week we're focusing on dog bites, so stay tuned for everything you'll ever need to know :)
Happy Thanksgiving!
“: 16 year olds stay in my Facebook messages. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>” Whoa there.
They learn so quick now! :D
sounds like how I wanna spend today, but I work...
I need to cop that.
You can change your life and release the ability of God by the words of your mouth. Speak life to your life.
Thanks for following! Looking forward to reading your tweets & connecting!
storms are coming today. -.- woo hoo.
There is only 4 days left to take advantage of our 20% off special. Don't miss out on this great deal call today! 5034495164
Happy Thanksgiving! What's cooking up in the kitchen?
Exhausted, off to bed. Back in the am -- lots to do!
LOL RT : CNN Headline News tweets... Comedy Buzzkill. Try putting an 'LOL RT" before them. See?
I swear to god i tell that pussy come over here.
um slim to none I bet.
Sounds good! :D
shoot u send to work or yahoo. I'm n orlando
Looks like is finally wearing a suit that fits.
love and sex and magit tequilamania in Me!!!F**K
yes sir JB
I wanna go to the UK. :(
This is your year Tony - you two looked so great last night! Keep it up!
who, me? Don't you know that makes the scene all on his own?
Prom Friday bouta be turnt up
I love the show secret life if the american teenager
They should rename "after the final rose" to "after the premature engagement ring"
Im flattered by your envious ways
I wish I could line all haters up & pour mad hot water on dey hating asses!
If you're getting paid for doing it, you are indeed special.
happy birthday daisy!!!
Let's get it!!! RT : Doors are open! Happy Hour until 10pm and then we pump up the volume with !
Cafe Europa is now serving Greek Style Spaghetti--Spaghetti Pasta tossed w/ olive oil, herbs and grated mizithra cheese Svd w/ garlic Brd
was the point on going on yu love Ian gettin ABDC to show off my chachi fever is pointless :( I'm done wit da crew
Like this...
HOLY SHIT WARWICK DAVIS! I LOVED YOU IN WILLOW & HITCH HIKERS GUIDE TO THE GALAXY!
Watching saved by the bell
Looking forward to seeing tonight! He always puts on a great show.
The Girls Basketball State Championship Assembly AKA the Alex Westrick Show
Send those Mo photos to by Nov. 30th to have a shot at $30 worth of free tea! Winner announced Dec. 2nd!
Good morning, good morning, to YOU!!
Fingernails grow nearly 4 times faster than toenails!
Great idea. I like it.
Welp, and I leaving are leaving Indy. We had a GREAT time at and we'll be back next year!
Those would be big #s down here... Also, IDEA having lunch on WED with reporters.
I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT THIS MEANS
I'm confused. How can the country of Holland be elected President of France?
Text to Copboy: I'm already bored. Can I go to work? Copboy: No! Get on that couch and veg out. NOW!
10 point game with 2 minutes left. Wonder if Washington Waldorf has anything left in the tank.
I'm trying! is about to pull his hair out with waiting, and that's really saying something! :)
San Mateo Blvd. closed in both directions between Montgomery and Comanche. More on www.krqe.com.
Do you tweet? If so give us a shout! :-) Follow us and we'll follow you back. Hope to read some interesting tweets!
RT : Repurposing an old line: Hanging for his terrible puns would be too kind. He should be drawn and quoted.
Hit it strong....hit it fast
Prior to modern times, it was believed that life was the result of a spirit or force called vis vita.~D
At the doctor's office. Blehhhhh
and that's the same reason why most guys ran track lol
& are the best!!!! Gonna be amazing wifeys!
Brian Moran @ www.getrichradio.com will be signing On in just a minute! Listen now to have a chance in winning the $1000 CASH prize!
I snickered a bit on that one.
77 for today? Feels like it on the balcony of the condo downtown! You get a raise in my book! Great job!
I just got to Gold level at Bring on the free drinks!
i wish i was doing something fun tomorrow
that sounds freaking awesome right about now!! where from??
That moment when all you can do is shove your face into a pillow do you hope the tears will disappear
The environment and a new baby
Pretty much :)
A superstition is a premature explanation that overstays its time.
#genhopeDC be sure u hve all info u need to attend event activities incldg registration & Thurs' even unplugged celebration
KEEP WORKING HARD AND FOLLOW YOUR DREAMS!!!!!!!!!! DoubleTime
im supposed 2 be taking a class Scape 2 help get ready for #EOG's but im not hahahah
Wowzers. Maybe they were telling you what to order at Moe's. You have the option of a Homewrecker or the Homewrecker Jr.
Everyone has something special to offer if you just take the time to uncover it. Randy Cohen Awesome and so true.
muscle up?
Going out to dinner with and . Yay!
Same as what I just told : We moms have similar sentiments. Love your post. And that picture? To die for.
I already changed the direction of my ceiling fan. I'm not changing it back now.
What's wrong with "Hey, lady"?
Married my best friend 18 yrs ago & couldn't be happier! Now we're both #vegan & couldn't be healthier! True love is friendship set on fire
Today's plenary session at #AWIDforum discussed how to use gender indicators & a feminist framework to measure economic inequality
We are all born for love. It is the principle of existence, and its only end. - Benjamin Disraeli
Tell Bizzle I love him with that lil head
Straight from Fumiko Sasaki's ppt "Its always better to be a Gozilla than a Banbi." Spelling and all.
quit acting grown I will continue to subscribe to your tweets & be nosey, now brush your teeth & clean your room
#np cameras freestyle - young g da beast
is gettin it done.
I'm starting to feel better. Later tonight I have to practice some voice acting stuff. Con plague did not kill me this time!
": Getting your boyfriend/girlfriend name tatted on you #DontDoThat"
We said spending was up but also gave the facts in other key areas. Just trying to report the news not take sides.
Our "friendship" is slowly getting old...
A couple more wrinkles...a few more gray hairs...
Congrats! :) RT : Ah. In my robe, beautiful glass of Zin. Great day of Rock the World & can't wait to see u tmrw!
Watching The Borgias the 1st season
Had to check out what hype was about RT Mr. Baldwin, we are looking into this. Please DM us contact information
My mom Is home from Mexico she got me barbacoa from monterrey :D
You Love To Dance........ See How It Happens Dance Happens Incorporated orientation Thursday, September 8th
. He Say We Have Tu Talk Bout Us
Three Olives has a flavored vodka called Dude, lemon-lime flavored.. I'm confused, shouldn't vodka for dudes taste like boobs or something?
WHAT??? PSHHHT no
Get your vitamin and minerals thru eating real fruits, vegetables and nuts. You really don't need pills to get them. Eat clean and real
happy 4th Birthday to my littlest one, Eilena Helen!
Now you know why we're on Twitter all the time!
the cpu will never notice... you'll sneak it right past.
They're running out of clever chants: "no justice, no peace (awkward pause) f**** the police."
The morning traffic report says to be careful because the cars travel at high speed this time of day. (obviously not DC)
Blessed to have worked with some great coaches in my long career.
So bored I'm about to eat smh n I wonder y I keep gaining weight
Think I've discovered the problem. Facebook is blocking links to apps... not good!
what are you doing in Arundel Mills Meng? You're so close to DC...and me :)
Happy 200th Birthday
Cus yuh were in class dummie , and yeaa but tomorrow for sure I needa go talk to my councler or.else I get a whole day of ISS
Thanks for speaking to this Sherry! Shld make an interesting discussion on The View...Elizabeth though...
OMG! I'm a nervous wreck!
Hm, ceiling, yes...crazy patrons, no. ;)
Site looks terrible on my kindle
It's hard to actually want a relationship,,, I'm so use to being single now,,,
Looking forward to working with some talented high school singers today!
Elizabeth still loves you she was just trying to get me #jealous(-;
Nope! RT : DO YOU HAVE TO LIVE IN NYC TO GO?,:(
The Wailing Film Postproduction Mode:ON The Wailing Team
dang that geometry test was #HARD!!! ):
Awesome! It would be great to celebrate her bday on Nov 10th. Oakland is very close to both SF and Berkeley too.
Gomez issues a lead off walk and get an F7.
RIP Maurice Sendak :(
14 HRs in the Series, balls fly in Baltimore
- Golden Palace Buffet on Smithfield & 7th is definitely my favorite. They have the best vegetarian eggrolls.
girl who cares at least we are in!! Oh yea!!
Raise the bar #westbaltimore!!!!
Pencil us in for September 15, 2012. will be back!
People don't care about what someone says about you in a movie or what you say, they care about what you build -Mark Zuckerberg
listening to #AngelsAndGentlemen mixtape for the first time, and may i just say its AMAZING!!!!!
Happy friday everyone! Tons of shipments going out, a few more designs & then.... THE WEEKEND!
new format calls for new, updated blurbs, perhaps? :)
My god...I think my desk has exploded or fallen victim to some sort of paper tornado.
It is a states issue, but it's not like the Presidential bully pulpit has not been used on this sort of thing in the past.
We are performing oct 22nd at southside christian church for their annual fall festival. We start at 6:00pm and all are welcome. For mor ...
I like saying the word "equinox"
many people think you are hacked, it is true?
What do you all think will be a good number? How many do i need to make this a reality?
I wish you knew how stupid you look.
Then she's a weirdo.
Oh, so kind... *blushing*...thanks! RT I wish I was . Seriously. She's that good and you should follow her.
#itsawkwardwhen you're so excited that your dream guy is actually walking and talking with you that you run into a pole
Kind of touristy, but worth it. Corcovado is gorgeous up close. Didn't realize it is Brazil's equivalent of the Statue of Liberty.
nope, sadly I rarely get my hands on single malt
Taking songs for the All Request Business Lunch on
#SI-ssrd Is #openaccess the same as Smithsonian "access"?
It's been a good day.
Congrats to for winning a 2011 "Best Of" Award for Marketing Plan from the !
Awesome video chat on Gtalk and Tango with my family in MD - I miss you guys!
Ugh, I totally agree with this. It sucks to overlook an atrium!
Overeating could increase memory loss among seniors
#okc doing L.A dirty! Like sex in a hamper.
Is anyone still occupying?
Brass Monkey Tour Tonite!!! Pub Crawl starts at 8pm at Brass West Allis drops off at Brass Milw and back and forth all night!! DJ at 9pm!!
God I love baseball season.
It will never make sense to me that racehorses can be pumped full of hormones and stimulants, but human athletes can't take HGH.
you're honestly the only reason why I'm going to be watching the voice tomorrow :)
awww thankkss :) i miss you too! wish you were hear friend
Delayed in Charlotte airport 2.5 hours at gate alongside microbrewery and a Cinnabon. Cannot wait to waddle onto that plane.
I say no suspension because the only reason the injury occurred was location of the play. If it happens in the corner, it's a nothing play.
Pretended to play beach volleyball all day and I'm worn out!
where did she go!!!
sweet tarts, blow pops (the bag), a bag of double bubble, & sour punch bits please :D
it surely is, trust me, we have all been there. But you get use to it after a while
Yes, dangit marketing and your markety ways! Hope I didn't ruin your evening with getting that terrible song in your head :(
yea ill try ... hard to do that livin the life I live, but thanks Kristen
bout to throw down at stagg high school,
looks like House #ESEA reauthorization trudges forward without bipartisan collaboration...
Broken link?
It's just people being very misguided.
thanks for the follow lol. Click the ad for me on the right side of the page.
thanks for the follow, Bobby! We're big fans of your vocal prowess. Roar!
How many steps are in your project approval process? Seems like 7 or 9 isn't so crazy
All they want to do is hit you with a quick pimp walk lol
no u
come follow me its da prince of memphis
What happened to the witch with an upside down nose? Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
Very close to the edge. I think the final push will be if I don't get to go to dinner tonight. By get to, I mean taken to and paid for.
That explains his penchant for rhyming.
I wish I lived on the beach.
you're right, i did learn from the master. ha!
Gonna take #ColtMccoy's job! Congrats bro!
“: *sad face* why won't you be at #WellnessWednesdays today?” I know! Have to be in Vinings area at that time:(
Wow, interesting! Good to know.
“: Beer.” non- alcoholic?
All shirts just $9.99 on www.yeldahgoods.com.
Rizzo the Murpinator is killing the Cavs tonight. Go 'Cats roll the Hoyas. OU Alum like us need to bring it strong just like Reghi says
I'm gonna miss you Nashville for the next 5 days.. y'know, the lack of a beach and all the allergies... KEY LARGO, FL!!!!
Tonight's special is the Turducken and I'm all in..,
“: living lady! Living' and loving' it!” so that's what heaven is like? :-).
Oh you like sleeping? Me too! We should do it together sometime!
Its going to be close.
Like not even eyedrops and benadryl stop it. ><;;
think my mom knows yr mom & Dad- from Pitt? Mine are Jan and Sy Myers,
Free social network promo on my profile. Works great for follows. Would you like to follow 4 follow? :)
I think it's snobby, but if you notice... I fit that description. Probably better to make your decision based on recent tweets
I miss UK BB!!! Where is October?
well I'm not sure about him being a flat out baller but how about the team taking down the pictures a day later? That's rude
#imagine you and Louis in a restaurant and he gives you a little box and you open it to find a ring. L: i love you *kisses you*
#BlueRock is painting our new #edit suites!
I feel it's important to go right into the Booth after the argument. voice
LOL it was so funny seeing Tim Howard out there trying to help in the last minute, and he almost got his head in there too!
Had my first runner's yoga at today. It was awesome! Morning run and afternoon yoga makes for a full day
For the next 1 hour swing by Rialto Cafe and get the deal shown here: Free Draft with your Steak
Let me know next time you come, I have far better dining suggestions for you ;)
If that "million dollars" thing works, then I will be really glad I sent this reply.
Game 6 NBA Finals getting intense, scrimmage just broke out just now.
Dear Father Christmas, this year I would like an agent, my Equity/AFTRA/SAG cards, a Bway show, a TV show, & studio movie. Oh, & a pony
Did the #Packers feel bad about the call . Then the onside kick ?
Second round
Is there a back story on that Doof tweet? We LOVE him. We named our new laptop "The Computenator."
stop by at 5pm today to check out our 1st #sxsw appearance.
you don't need a case.. Our ikeep will replace it and you will never drop or lose your phone again
still and still loving it!
Here's the real question: will trainers b taught 2 splint crunches during pregnancy & after? ACSM still approves PG situps! ugh!
Was very sad at the Seau news yesterday. Even more sad that he left so many loved ones behind wondering why. Is it wrong to feel that way?
No April Fool's jokes here, just useful trivia. Ever wondered what the wide ends of chopsticks are used for? Does anyone know?
What do you think- are there parallels between Paula Deen and Martha Stewart's behaviors?
My dad thinks hes like the shit just cuz he has a 6 pack -___-
Accessibility is not a solo act. Build a team, says
will refrain from making conclusions on the title race and should just let it unfold, done great with injuries we've had in the PL.
Shepards pie in the oven. Kids are playing together nicely & I'm reading the Dark Knight script. Couple hrs b4 I
I gotta C it Mane!!!
eh, maybe we should. maybe not.
Thank you and all who came to #CelebrationOfTheArts2 last night to support BAA!
thank you! Yeah you can call me around 5 today after classes.
I agree! God Only Knows! In My Room too.
My specialty/delight is helping companies welcome and value professionals with disabilities, including our combat-injured veterans.
Cannot wait for Saturday night to re-join that on #Padres Opening Weekend against Los Doyjers (another year of civil wars...) :D
another morning of snow on my car - ugh!
Let's make some music today
Is finding PInterest far too interesting...
Just getting in 4 cirocs an 2 long islands dont mix well at all...
is on the phone with prospects and media this week. He's ballin! NI style. Be there before they serve dranks!
Can someone do me the massive favor of tweeting me the link to listen online to the boys interview with Ryan tomorrow?!
Arrived where all my peeps?
the Bucks giving him Rondo like money might cause a riot
But maybe that was just me, becuz I went w/ group of whites and African kids were pushing me out the way to get to them. Ha +
I am going to Hell. I swear I am.
The "Emerging" category is up first.
S/o on that new club banga
....aaaannnnddd I'm a dick
Going Back To School For This Ghetto Ass Art Show -.-
The tooth fairy taught kids to sell their body parts for money. Blame her for prostitution .
Adara_Spa wishes everyone a safe & blessed Thanksgiving!
thankyou means a lot!!
RT Sponsor of anti-bullying bill pulls it after House panel guts it with amendment. Jindal, La. Family Forum opposed bill.
Procrastination? No, I just wait until the last minute to do my work because I will be older, therefore wiser.
God is there for u and me. We should neither fear not worry about thing but should trust Him. Amen!
Help us spread the word about Black History Month events at The U of M! Invite your friends to like our page!
The way you drop, drop, makes me wanna pop !
yes mam that is correct. workin on it tho :)
happy birthday!! Kick ass tonight
I was in best buy. Complete seasons. $30 each. Lol
I took a break from studying for midterms to read your piece.
because we are self consious
Day 2 of work. Lets do this.
TELL EM LEGENDS WATS UP I'M DWN TO DO A FEATURE SHIT ARE YOU YO FANS N FRIENDS ARE DAMN EITHER FAN OR FRIEND TO ME OR BOTH SO LET'S GET IT
I just got outta lunch, 40 minutes ago
good point. I believe news sources should be called out when they purposefully don't link out.
hey sweet in a crimial case a defendant does not have to prove anything.
RT "Coke please." "Is Pepsi ok?" "Is monopoly money ok?" Lmao!!!
Following! Follow back and follow !
Playoff 12s anybody?
Changing a word because you can't spell the word you originally wanted to use.
Tonight has been brought to you by Rakote, the fishing village upon which Alexandria lies.
Blessings to you brother.
I thought it pretty nice that FNTP had 7,352 visits and 16,942 page views in the last week, despite static content.
Planning a plan and not following through? What's the point?
Blake Griffen with 2 early fouls, 1 elbow to head, and 1 case of being put on ass.
miss you guys too!!! <U+2764>
Poor guy is going through some stuff right about now ... I would help ... oh wait I give no Fucks ahha
thanks for the follow! How long have you been helping people with jobs?
Go girl!!
y? o lemme guess...u havnt called him in like 4 yrs haha
oh yes!
Getting ready for Canada!
I thought it was a joke, but Philip Humber (who just pitched a perfect game today for the White Sox) was actually a NY Met back in 2006-2007
High Yellas shall hence forth be known as Octaroon coons.
Me and Natalie are no longer your friend for leaving us haha @ mike
Thx for following. Just followed back!
It's Monday Funday... and back to the grind! ;)
I'm not saying this to be bashful or anything, but my ex was really a waste of my time.
What would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail?
Just saw this. One question, I have never registered at the AP forums, so how would I go about the username change thing?
Palko should never play again.
Jim "We might have broken the rules, but we didn't cheat" Calhoun now has more NCAA titles than Dean Smith. Sigh..
I "LOVE"being single!!!!!
That's so perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
EVENING PLANS Weird pharmacy stop, quick run, pack up the cake vodka, babysit strangers' dozen children, eat German food, drink wine.
Nevermind. Cards are determined to give it back.
always a pleasure, thanks for stopping in
bad omen RT : Hollande's plane turns back to Paris after being hit by lightening en route to Berlin - Presidential source
I already did
Climb mount Everest and see the Earth from outer space.
Hi Klara - you're welcome :)
thanks for the support fam. We are glad you like the work.
is trending like a bad case if herpes lol!
It's a Spirit...
My neck HURTS..
Who is the best summertime band?
WHAT HAPPENED TO YOUR BULLS NIGGA !?!?! Lmao
Indy needs more performing arts venues "of size." Scheduling a venue is challenging with such an active arts community.
yeah downtown it's $4.45 a gallon. We pay a $1.00 in tax per gallon. Welcome to chicago
Awwweeee. Thank you !!!
haha yay! Haha there really good dogs and there So smart!
Not that I care about it half as much as everyone else seems to, but just to be annoying.... I still haven't been Timelined :P
These are our new table tops!!!!!! Do you like them??? Give us feedback..
Marines Helping Marines: Individual Ready Reserve Marines learn valuable information from Readiness Support Group
What are you letting go of? Not me I hope! :)
I just wanted to say that you're picture is a little exaggerated because you are NOT that blue and swirly in person.
especially with me haha :)
The moment u give is the moment u die
Yeah he also demands that gov't "get out of the healthcare business" but is rabidly anti-abortion. So much for freedom!
I may be still part of the 99%, but my wife is one in a megamillion.
I was bout to say Haha..its been a minute since I have tho.u Ight?
I think he's legitimately crazy, but entertaining. The anti-Charlie Sheen
Be careful making statements like that. You will end up organizing far more conferences than you want to!
It doesn't take 20 minutes to put on gas...
iN bed wiTh KaLiaH & this brat doesnt want 2 change it 4rm the SpRoUt ChaNNeL...!lol she strait chaNneL cHecKed me lol.
board President Garcia SHOUTED IT! She made me a believer #herworld. She is such a believer in our young women
I am not a fan of your page... But I will be know. I am very new to this and didn't know you had one. Hadn't gotten that far yet.
Money doesn't buy happiness, but it pays my internet...which is almost the same thing.
haha well we need to do it again sometime soon! it was so nice seeing you again
Creator? Maybe just referencing the man and woman who conceived. Certainly not a religious reference.
Nephew update. The doctors have done an amazing job on him. He was able to open his eyes some and answer yes/no questions. Still in ICU.
I'm fine with 30 Rock ending- that show had a fair run. Parks was robbed.
The new iPhone firmware download took forever and it looks to me like all I got was a new dictaphone-type feature. Note to self - buy milk.
Happy Monday everyone!
For better or worse, that is a bigass phone. Overall, my nexus s, was cool, but the hw was cheap & 2.4 was very notquitethere.
to proove im jessica i know when you lived with us u got a sameri sord for your 15th or 16th b-day
The ARTstor staff is getting ready for this weekend. Expect photos!
2 hr Private Coaching w the amazing Anthony Gilardi - putting myself on tape for Army Wives :)
This is not gonna be as easy as I thought....
AH! I miss my twitter family so much hehe miss you Nessa & Skyler <3 Will update story soon (; maybe... lol.
Hi Rudy, thx for the follow. If you have an iPhone, check out our app - RAVN Events. Would love to hear what you think.
it does suck
I might be....you don't know.
sometimes lol. But you're up early too, what's your excuse??
Off to club B.E.D... Tonight's performers : DJ Silence & MC Z... Visuals by Team Dreams. Special guests are Blanky Blank and MAC Pillow
is manufacturing salsa with locally-grown tomatoes, cilantro, garlic, onions, and jalapeños.
100 its all love
Hey U coming out tomorrow right? Or are u still under the weather? LOL :p
... bumping some Gotye to get back into the swing of things.
Seen the #Chronicle today? Check out the special screenings section. The RBB screenings is what up!!! Hellz yeah!!!!
Thank you! RT :
I feel like a grizzly bear. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BB>
Ron Paul supporters are gathering at the Minneapolis Convention Center. Listen to my report at 6:10. Newt Gingrich will be at MOA @ 7:30.
hi boo , I miss you . Text yah girl (:
The politics of going vegetarian for a cause
I'm even willing to say they were all very cute. ;)
gurl sleep like always
OH SHIT is something I always say and I need to stop
Let's go Phil! #Masters RT Time to shine
I wonder why Chaz & Justin don't chill anymore like he used 2 cum 2 LA & visit Justin except 4 his B-Day
I don't know what's worse: a teacher underestimating class time, or thinking class is canceled and your teacher showing up
I hate ap algebra 2
aw, thanks!
where can I find the dress seen on The Today Show this morning?
Get your costumes and pumpkins ready for Halloween.
Sure. DM it.
Thank you to everyone who showed love today at 1:13!!!!
You can try walking a mile in my shoes, if you want. I mean if you can fit in them. But please refrain yourself if you have athletes foot.
Are you serious? Your nicer than me. I would not be babysitting for fucking free. That's bullshit.
I love being a smart phone for Does that mean I'm his smart friend?
“: is it on you tube?” just live versions... Also a preview of the upcoming music video!
Whose going w me and the Cowboys to Super Bowl this year?
Very Special #FF He is handsome, sweet, and totally awesome guy. :)
Let's never take anything for granted. Count your blessings. HE is good...all the time!
They were all old faggots for the most part : /
I mean, I assume those are just "participation ribbons" like you give to the 5th place soccer team your 12 year old plays on, but still.
Easily make girls fall in love. Look her in the eyes tell her she's the one you want to grow old with
RT Happy to announce that GTG has been acquired by We're down in ATL all this week meeting the new family!
great device! only complaint is we bought 2 and theres no way to sync them both to play at the same time. cc/
still cleaning my house from top to bottom. I will take it to 6 am.
I got a $20 gift card that I won from in the mail today. It's been long enough in shipping that I forgot where I won it.
I don't get on twitter much. Do radio 4 3 hrs ever day talking bout the good doctor
Thx for the RT! We'd love to see any SJ history links you can find- shoot us some if you do! Great to have partners in crime.
Karaoke at Harrahs in Vegas. OMG - LOVE!
hey how are you?
Watching #BigTimeAudition ...Where It All Started....:)
Is it just me or does the weekend just seem to fly by? ~ Jake
also manufactures Ultrasound Therapeutic Lotion & an Ultrasound Gel with Aloe. Stop by booth 727 for samples.
JUST WHEN YOU THINK ITS DONE SOMETHING BETTER COMES ALONG
And certainly doesn't have to be there for you to go.
thanks sweet girl!! You don't know how much I appreciate that<33
Chutney is an excellent suggestion, but I need to balance the salt in the brine, so I may take that chutney to a different corner
BIG shoutout to Laurie, Tomi, and Donna at for putting on an awesome 3-day graphic facilitation workshop. Check them out.
this may push me over the edge and force me to go try that place. Wife has been asking me to take her there for a while...
I am! I love Disneyland. I'm basically a child trapped in the body of an adult.
Feelin a lil sick . So ima stay home and work on some beats
This bitch.
Let's all just be bestfriends, yayyy
Hey ! We will be at the Delta Sigma Theta Sorority program on minority businesses. Join us and #SupportSmallBusiness!
too much operatic
Pottery glazing workshop today! One of the top guru's at the art center is teaching. Can't wait to learn new skills.
absolutely my tattoo!
P.s. Follow Back Plz.
Why do these dudes look like ghost on Monday Night countdown? Somebody needs to be fired tomorrow.
There's still time on your lunch break, downtown DCers. Stop by Touchstone Gallery for a contemporary art break. 901 New York Ave. NW.
Y'all Up But Not Mentioning Me.? I'm So Fed Up With My Followers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
I recently read an article you wrote for New Condo Guide. Great advice. Thanks.
I'm in... Let's kill this bitch!
Thank you, sir!
Weekend Special: Southwest Pork Tacos, 2 for $5! Come get some while supplies last!!!
Awesome. These are 55 gallon barrels, so it should help reduce your runoff... assuming you use the water between rains.
Evan Wood & the paper he couldn't write in one sitting.
That's fabulous! RT Guess what ya'll? I'm officially #blogging for !
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. Albert Einstein
Nice Jennifer Hudson. Chicago love.
Thanks for the RT
Win or go home.
Enjoyed "Born on the Bayou (Live)" by Creedence Clearwater Revisited on Pandora
10 Tips to Help You Control Your College Students Financial Future!
Yes, I'd love that! :) (and hi Linsey, so nice seeing you here!)
ahh was just about to send you an identical message! Weird...feel better and good luck tomorrow! To the ramparts!
Shout-out to Oregon Trail! Why was it adopted into the classroom? Life skills?
I have been sitting here for 2hrs looking at a blank TV screen. I would much rather be at practice or training than turning the TV on.
Watching movies with my sister ! ^-^
opens tomorrow!!
Will your presentation/materials at #SXSW be available for those who can't make the trip? Thanks!
Got my new puppie im so happy
All done with the mosaic mural. 313"x41" I'll post the picture later. g'Night-
Echo the Therapy Dog is in da house right now! Go pet her until 12:30PM (and then again at 3PM)
try Picnic Island in South Tampa. Take Westshore all the way down past MacDill.
Lol. True. I put my Liam and biebz posters on my cork board. c:
Another #Maui Tacos opens in Kihei in the Kalama Village Center
Call my phone
I miss u too Baby xoxo
The whole damn day was live as fuck bruh you missed out...
you kno VIVI omfg she is my wifey !! I love her RT“: so.your from Belize thats cool me to! I love San Ignacio"
is looking forward to his trip to London next week - heaps of friends to catch up with & tripwolf business partners to meet
Alex Morgan is beyond a WYF. She's a HATW - how about the weather?
Amazing start!
My lil sister scared my gramma by singing Adele's song Set Fire To The Rain in strange voice that sounds really annoying.
Hey ya'll one of my best (male) friends is looking for a roomie..super cute place in Los Feliz...any takers? DM me xo
I love my twitter followers, please follow my other twitter page Expo now accepting vendors models educators and more
oh? If I do remember, you're the one who wants your house to be a stop on the underground railroad.
thanks for the RT! The food there is good! Simple but delish! Happy Tweeting!
tonight s in the ville is the place 2 be free b4 11 5 after 4939 bragg blvd come party open party til 4am
How's my tweeters doing tonight!?
Cat is afraid of new ceiling fan and won't come into the bedroom. Missing snuggly 4am cat purring :(
Maybe that's the beauty of it all...
I don't hear many referance the name Yahweh that often
Thanks for the RT :D
Good finish to the 1st half Thunder.
hell yeah i gotta 7 week old baby bunny its a "it" i cant tell what it is boy or girl till its one so i named it Schwaggie
shes trying t get attention bro
LOL I think it is more they don't know how to secure their network :-)
lol !!! Check check!
Taglines like are the hardest to write. So few words to say so much.
Wet the blunt on accident lol
you see ESPN top ten???
I feel like I haven't stopped eating since Thanksgiving. I love this time of year!!!!!
Finals week might be the death of me. It's almost over!
I should've gotten a poster!!!
feels like a soda pops kind of day for lunch.
is beautiful inside and out.
You are Bee -You -Tea -Full <U+2665>
Facebook chat is so badly coded and designed it's laughable.
not specifically, but it may suggest a lack of connection with Latino culture...
How was your weekend?
I wanna get off work !!!
; this is gonna be the longest weekend, ever.
Cold and cloudy on the coast. Sunny and 98 in the desert and Vegas... I need to move.
I love that song!
Welcome, Indie writer of my people!
RT Do not bracket nonrestrictive phrases with commas. Nonrestrictive phrases yearn to be free, feel the wind in their hair.
i need more followers who wanna help me out
I thought I was watching the #cnndebate but apparently Three Neocons and a Libertarian is on.
Hmm. Question of the day. Where to travel to in Europe after a friend's wedding in Germany in July?
I'm Stronger Than U Think!
you should make and their cloud product in that link as they are one of the market leaders.
watching QUEENS OF COMEDY POURING UP , WHATS GOOD TONIGHT
Maybe one day there can be a "US" again but if not fuck it then .
Particle physics has become an "indirect science" by trying to describe the tonnage & features of a moving ship as of its wake in the water.
"I DONT DO ALL THE TALKIN" ADD that before I add it to mine. Hit me back so I can show u my shirts. They are Nasty Quotes!
Happy birthday <U+E312><U+E310><U+E112>
Parents came back from the motherland made me so happy Brought food which was delish<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>ate and had an allergic reaction whomp whomp whomp <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Had a wonderful lunch at the Oceanaire in downtown Indy today with my lovely bride. Thank goodness for gift cards!!!
Q#45 Answer is...A!
For many, the Bosnian War already seems long ago. Why is it important to remember it, especially today on the 20th anniversary of its start?
lol ikr we had fun last quarter! and that's whats up...when u work so i can come bother you lol
Words to live by! RT : I think we could improve sales by focusing less on making our existing customers so upset.
- Exactly. I Don't fit any of his targets. Not that it would EVER matter.
What a show! Thank you everyone who came out to see us at last night. Special thanks to &
Getting sick really isn't an option as a momma. I'm thinking a super human immunity pack should br granted to every mother!
my mom called me to go to carlos & mickeys. i couldnt say no-_______-
Aguado is on the case
I go to work today. goes to Hawaii today. I should have planned a MOH honeymoon for myself.
Thank you to all who attended the Bombshell Bop II last night! tore it up!
tanks for follow me )
i'd hit it
#SOTU should be interesting to watch what with Obama's freshly-grown set of cajones.
Woke up n a good mood...There's bird's outside chirpin n everything!!!!! 2day feels like its gunna b a good day!!!
It's a bourbon and scary movies night.
done. We're going
Well, I doubt that anything has changed. :)
oh, boo. Hope it clears up soon!
I regret saying i love you. because i never did.
ELEVATE IS WORTH THE WAIT >.<
made a decision not to spend the whole weekend staring at charts
Words can't describe how I'm feeling right now. R.I.P. Austin I love You Bro we all do! :/
Mentions going Uggh .
Who's the big purple guy they show at the end of the avengers after the credits. Can't think of the name and it's driving me nuts.
is happy Lisa realizes that Lauren really needed to experience the magical, sophistication that "you've never seen before."
I followed
ya? How many gun commercials have you seen during a brewers broadcast....
Boston put in work today!
look for future auctions by ArtWalk!!
I give myself away on this beautiful Sunday Morning so that my God can use me.......
U got 2 admit their gettin better, gettin better every day
Just purchased all 3 levels of Rosetta Stone Hebrew!!! Woot woot!! Next time I go to Israel I'll be ready
Jason- Let me know if we can help you with this role.
how fun! We'll guess it's John, and if it is, tell him we say hello!
Matt Kemp homers to right. Rockies respond with a run of their own. LA 1 COL 1 End of 1st
we need the Paw Sox team! Carl Crawford took the money and sent a lookalike to #Boston. Red Sox pitchers would rather be golfing.
Awesome post.
Tony Gwynn averaged 21.7 strike outs and a mere 39.4 walks per year in 20 seasons.
of course everything is still busy but hoping to get back to my blogging/tweeting/writing routine soon. Got an article due today
I did!
the birds singing/whistling) haha that's funny right oh well come back soon okay? I miss you :) !*)
no contest, absolutely
It's difficult to take relationship adv from single lonely pple. I never take financial adv from broke pple. Am I wrong? the value?
I miss my love, so much! I need to see her ASAP!
|#quotes When buying shares, ask yourself, would you buy the whole company?
Recording. It's sounding good!
follow before she commits!9
Saving all these usernames and passwords in cookies. M, cookies.
I do think they do. Games 5 and 6 were discouraging, but if MWP can get after KD a little...
everyone go follow . he only needs 8 more followers until 300. i wont stop tweeting until he gets there. 9
are you losing your phone?
There's more truth to that tweet than is readily apparent! Should we be sleeping by now or no?
Shocked to learn fired (who apparently needs a new handle). Don't know whole story, but he's among journalism's best.
Call me lame but I am only 100 tweets away from 1000 haha
NO RT:Lance Stephenson is the best high school player to come out NY
I lost it for good
": peace fam! One love" appreciate the love.
Sons mom brought a nigga up to the spital I was wishin he even laid eyes on my lil thug BOAH!
its not even funny how bad i am at laser tag..
hey im Trey xD
Whew! team! What a busy news week - thx for all the hard work!
Let God have the impact on my life as I bathe in his glory
So is vodka with sweet tea! Great summer cocktail! #Iheartvodka RT Whiskey in Iced Tea is pretty yum!
You're gross lol RT : I just ate half of it
Good luck!
Pac 12 trying to win NIT and CBI titles #CollegeBasketball #NCAA Stanford vs. Minnesota and Washington St. vs. Pitt
It took me years to finish The Magic Mountain by Thomas Mann. So the classics get a reprieve.
“: God blesses u when ur mocked &lied about because ur my follower.Be very glad! The reward is heaven”Mt 5:11-12”
"Let the church arise. And all creation sing. Hallelujah! Praise to the King! Hallelujah!"
I love u too
- the Japanese restaurant on 1st just east of Soto. Don't remember the name.
OMG! I think I am obsessing! I have been watching the digital clock on my cable box waiting for True Blood to start!
Cool, wet weather throws a wrench in corn planting - Marshalltown Times Republican
Phew, what a day!
Great Q! Drink LOTS and LOTS of water before, during and after and eat as many green veggies as you can!
The essence of marketing is the ability to attract customers attention and then deliver an experience that will assure they will come back.
and heard em say nothings ever promise 2m today
Private pilates classes only $45 each! Or $400 for 10 sessions! Certified, experienced instructors! www.eastvillagebodyshop.com
Take a Friday break today - listen to WAMU Metro Connection between 1 and 2pm for a segment including Jumpstart DC
woah wait what?! As in La Vernia high school?!
So totally crazy! Me neither!
69% of shoppers say the store experience is important or most important factor when making purchase. Visit booth #1246 #globalshop to boost
Tuesday, Thursday 4 - 7pm. Saturday Noon - 4pm. Otherwise, by appointment. I'm usually around the Eastside so let me know.
Drinking hot coco <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
SHOCK OPERA: The First North American Film Retrospective of Werner Schroeter - Brooklyn Rail
Slept so good now running errands!
oohh yeah tomorrow is like a friday :D
I be needing a magic 8-ball around for certain decisions.
anything is more fun than a 2.5 hour plane delay.
thanks drew!(:
I caught that...my week to your day. Pretty sad on my part....but working in your direction.
Thank you. ~NMRK~
If you give me 5-7 years of living out my dream, I don't care how much negative effect it has on me long term.
Internships can lead to Brain Gain, not Brain Drain. --Nancy Ahlrichs from at the Impact Awards
Apparently some confusion.That was wife Sherry who was honored today. Im getting alot of congratulations that should be to them
Black-robed colleague says, "Bitch stole my look!"
Nick Cannon of Drumline turns 31 today. I love him but not his wife.
"Be yourself. Never change your originality for the sake of others, because no one can play your role better than you"
I am so stressed right now smh
Mayne, I haven't fucked with in like 2 months. If I give him enough rope, he'll give me some new material.
I hate that feeling of almost remembering something
another truth...money can not buy you health....we all need the Lord!
Nice to meet you Luna! Thx 4 introductions ! Miss u crazy too!
I always think of her as Camille Doncieux as well. She only died a few days after her "church" marriage to Claude Monet.
Last tweet via #Forbes #NBA most valuable teams
NOt Sharing...
West Coast Friendship. . . . !
Exhausted already, not a good sign.
#QuestionoftheDay: Have you witnessed or experienced violence on your campus? Tell us about it.
Good morning Baltimore! Looks like we're finally getting a taste of summer.
puff...wha time is it now?
Can cargo pants please be the next big trend? Just bought a pair and they are so comfortable!
just downloaded 7 gigs of new sounds.. been a long day bout to knock nd get back to these beats in the morn…
Anyone have gamecube controllers?
How's your #flow? The mental state in which a person is fully immersed in a feeling of focus &success in the process.Thx
Going to use #amexredbox to get some movies for this weekend.
RT : It’s #followfriday & we love our followers! ReTweet this to your followers and ask them to follow us
Revkin's talk packed with ideas, need a video.
": Have I ever mentioned my intense hatred for Carlos Zambrano?" No but I have D same hatred. N its not just cause he was a cub
The only reason I look forward to Monday, Is because of the Amazing thing called YouNow that Alex goes on.(: <3
and he's excited to be here
My daughter is now an NCSU grad! GO PACK! Proud dad!
No one text me today... :(
Be sure to send in your questions for John Putman for the Discovery webinar today.
Thanks Anne!
The news is so depressing...smh
would you prefer the #Lumia710 or #Radar4G on #tmobile?
Hungry! Thank god itslunch!!
writing a "reaction paper" for an assignment... lamest crap for this class by far.
has the best avatar on Twitter, as far as we are concerned.
Just finished a great 15 minute standup with the ATLAS Student Information System dev. team. Pushing through data conversion and sprint 1.
So Anthony Hargrove is suspended 8 games. That sucks for the
where'd all the good people go?
I should have credited you! thank nikki for the discovery.
Ah, yes! and / can help you with that.
meet in our office. Mitchell b95. Could you bring a camera with?
sorry it won't let me DM you back, so like you are basically picking on how you make the video? So I would be better to make a
yea me too ..need to change ...
WOW... Cut me deep.
Finally got a ticket to see Stickfly on Broadway.
Sitting on a park bench outside in downtown Bethesda on warm spring night = little slice of heaven
Restaurant Week Starts TODAY! Join us all week! Your choice of any salad or app, pasta or entree, and a dessert!
Thx!! :RT Everyone looked fab @ #weddingcakevodka but I think rocked the most appropriate look - loved the veil ;)
I still can't get used to having stiches in my mouth. ugh! I can't wait to go back to the dentist to get em out!
Here goes nothin
Is that more important than my "chocolate is good for you" tweet? I think not! ;)
The piano in Dear and The Headlights "It's Gettin Easy" always gets stuck in my head.
what about you
How to Increase Your Fat and Sugar Burning to Aid Weight Loss
Correction: bet
Omg my house just went pitch dark 0.o
Egypt needs the world to get rid of her shameless dictator! Africa needs the world to get rid of her shameless dictators!
but the people that do are the passionate consumers of content that an editor should probably court, no?
GOD > all things
The more we do, the more we can do; the more busy we are the more leisure we have.
When Brains Last in Laboratory Destroy'd
Getting ready for my fights soon. My dad has been doing real hard working out with me. Getting stronger now
you know me so well! We put Nutella on s'mores last night.. Amazeballs. Let's grab a brewski soon dude!
I miss you too!!!!! Your bright face :-) I'm great, just grinding it out baby. And yourself??
Cody obviously followed me because he wanted to follow his dreams.
Texting my Best Friend at 3 in the morning when she needs me most <3
Congrats to for being chosen as the WINNER of our Entrepreneur Stars contest!!!!!
My wife's birthday is in 3 days, but our 10year anniversary is in just 13 days too. What are the rules here? 2 for 1? 50:50 split? Thoughts?
Rex Hudler....for once The Royals team is better than the broadcasters. Yikes.
JUST ANNOUNCED: Sevendust w/ Adelitas Way, Emphatic, and your homeboys in Prosevere @ New Daisy Friday, July 22!
"Knowledge is power!" true statement? is it really? The answer may surprise you. "Knowledge is only powerful when it is put into action!"
yea i dont know wat arsenal means lol(x nd no u haven't mind buyn somethin for me? (;
i read em before they were cool......
i love the porcelain british bull dog! Old World and dignified
My thoughts exactly. Thanks. My question regards an interpretation of a EULA.
I wanna see what his reaction is lmao
except when the guy pitching for WKU is your old high school teammate
Fun fact: Most people who bill themselves as social media experts tweet so often that I would never, ever follow them.
Get up, Get Out, & Get Something…
I hate when my family asks about school or grades or something. Like if your not my parents then don't worry about it.
Ravens ML not looking good. +3 in jeporady too.
love vince
Did you know we have an all-you-can-eat soup and salad combo for only seven dollars? Perfect for those looking for lighter fare.
ALWAYS I GOT YOU BABY GIRL
rhino magic is really simple just eat breakfast and drink 10 glasses of water a day and use our supplements n lose 10lbs a month
Don't delete bad queries, instead label them as such. Save your work in progress!
Man I haven't been on this bitch in a minute
back to kid Cudi
I feel fight-or-flight.
That's actually not a bad thing...
*Blender Noise* "Collin's up..." (Every roommate of mine... ever)
The end of the speech is this: Fear God and keep His commandments. Eccle 12:13
you've either been hacked, or your a robot retweeting anything with QR in it.
Are any Heat fans actually upset at Chris Bosh for missing Game 3 to be there for the birth of his child? Check your priorities, people!
Deff not this week. Getting a buncha stuff outta the way before Coachella this weekend. I'm down the week after tho!
thanks so much!
Thanks Jen! “: great music!!! Thanks for following!! :)”
In Spanish class
duh, it's from the splooge fairy...
Thanks! Now... on to find out about my options :-)
Aw thank you! <3 I'm so glad you liked it!
can u do more imagines plzz
Cody followed my 4th twitter account. He officially loves me (;
B R O O K E books an editorial for Your Wedding Day magazine!
likewise verbal gymnastIx
I'm good did u ever get a new fone
#LMSunSIG accessibility: needs to be equivalent substitution.
That last set outfits was pretty gross, except for Liz's...Call me biased, but I liked everything on Liz. 2b20!
Talkbiznow.com launches V2 in 9 days - free onlineadvertising for everyone! Sign up now and get full benefits.
Framing photos for Forget-Me-Knot Floral in Brookfield. How's your weekend starting off?
Last day of classes. Study Day start tomorrow, 12.15.2011
Had a FANTASTIC weekend, not looking forward to work tomorrow.
We're in the studio tonight laying down some vocals on a new song.
When I write copy, it's not just heavy, it's obese!
Enjoy your weekend! You deserve it!
Well... Tonight? I'm fucking YOU!
wishes the vendor calls from #edu11 would contain the phrase 'congratulations, you won the iPad/KindleFire/XBox/etc...'
I LOVE SUSHI!! With Ross right now pigging out
!!!!!!!!!!!": Smoking weed and watching BET 24/7 is not a job occupation #niggawakeup"
Mistakes are a fact of life: It is the response to the error that counts. -- Nikki Giovanni
can't wait!
Librarians, early on, putting on head lamps to find the way through the information revolution
Ah! Hey stud! You being on twitter makes me happy! Have you found that broad, Michelle? ;)
My phone fell in water again. -___-
#IAlwaysWonderIf Youu Do The Things Youu Do On Purposee Just To Make Me Jealous ?
we will in time we just gettin older
great match w/ barrett.best match ive ever watched
I am looking for some very original fundraising ideas to get me and my classmates to Hawaii over Spring Break. Do you have any ideas?
"Hitch your wagon to a star." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
sounds like so much fun
twitter was always something i could go away to & not give a shit who would read it. now its another FB where everyone knows you.
Today's motto I needed to keep repeating to myself: Stop thinking. Just take action. Action is the only thing that makes a difference.
Two vicodin and all of a sudden I had a tooth yanked out of my head earlier.
#2: face-to-face required: Google Docs + Dropbox + Skype/FaceTime. Pros: easy, can record video. Cons: same as #1, bandwidth.
So what do people think about this:New Day Films no longer sells DVDs, but leases for the life of the disk for the same $300.Licensing hell?
Two-day corporate training is OVER. Time to start the weekend.
call me part of the 11.1%. Happy to agree and agree to disagree any time.
sundays at 1 oak are crazy. having good times with new friends is all me!
Hey ump! Your strike zone is smaller than your brain!
Thanks, that was such a great read.
you gotta dude? Not that out really matters to me tho #TRUTH lol
Oh good call! I think we can agree it takes a show as good as that to get it right tho.
Hi Noticed that you tweeted about your electric bill last week. Have you ever looked into prepaid electricity?
nice meeting you.
How are you?
I'm not either. No worries lol
2 soccer games today! #excited #wishmeluck #love #:)
yeah, told me he met you along the route. Hope you had a great ride!
how does one look like they were mauled by a raccoon?
We don't want dishonest merchants in our wholesale markets. Remember the days of artichokes and peppers. Now we understand each other [1943]
#NowPlaying Mr.Saxobeat by Alexandra Stan
And the power. YEAH! :D
Can the Cats break a streak that has been in existence since I was 8?
oh Opps. ;) he is still happy. :)
Thanks for retweeting us!
I can't give up McFadden sorry
I didn't know 'driving bikes' was possible
And that's not necessarily the worst thing. :) xoxo
that explains why I saw people with glasses in their hands. Wish it was a tad warmer...
haha cause I beat u
Rose is made for picnics.
": i wonder what my first job will be ." a stipper lol .
yeah sure. Chat me on Facebook sometime!
can i please have a follow im a BIG FAN!! (: <3
Follow back, Show me love. :)
Amile Jefferson will be playing for Duke University next season. Stinks he didnt pick UK but I understand,
I want my followers back/:
I put on the Heat Facebook page that Kobe should have took the last shot and got at least 10 likes LOL.
uh, no
Idk why he keep texting me annoying people
Now THAT is a Kindergarten teacher!
if you have not seen or heard of it: www.sellaband.com is an amazing source to raise money for your band or studio recording project. -mbT
Done and done... Filed #AAAtitlegame article to Now time to celebrate Cinco de Mayo...
Hey! :D how are you today?
How many senators did you start Tuesday with and how many did you have this morning. That's who won. Dispute that.
Lol Your welcome :) I love ur Icon Btw :D!!
Took one outside and she didn't know what to do lol
Everyone needs to learn a proper way to manage stress in their life
Mia hit the jackpot at Dave&Busters im thinking about sneaking her lucky azz in potowatomi!
lmaoo ! I'm sorry !
Today is National Honesty Day, so what do you have to confess? What is the biggest lie you ever told? 978-1023 no names just fess up,,,
Stop acting like an asshole when you're around people.
can u please follow me back :))
Qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm.....<<-- that's what u get if u type all the letters on your keyboard in a row. hahahahhaha...
Darn my old job for not giving me my check on time! Thank God for working at forever 21 though!
Hahaha, only you would bring up Swedish Fish in an MTV blog. Love ya boo!
I just fond out that I have volleyball game on Halloween, boo:(
Taking pictures with >>>
Steve Blake, bitch!!!
Hosting a group of faculty from Beloit College in my lab this morning. They're curious to learn what I do in there with FOSS, etc.
: that's a tactless and tasteless comment about Gomez, further reinforcing the widely held notion that you're an idiot.
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. ~Winston Churchill
Its only 8:40.... I guess i'm going to bed early<3
Thanks Sarah
#BecauseItsFriday It means we get an #AUSTREAM from <3.
Never gave a fuck.
those paper sculptures are amazing!
Philadelphia Inky Jersey bureau started shaking
Talk Derby to me. #derbytime yeaaauhh
LOL I hope he has to resign his job as well, such ethics is not what the Sheriff Depart should present to the public.
He didn't have to lose me to learn to treat a woman right.
San Marcos! We are looking for new sponsors to add to our network! Contact us!
#yougetpointsif you really are who you say you are
It's amazing how much I smile when I'm around you.<U+E418>
IA! RT ...people that believe in one side want people to listen to their side #reidbill, we should be listening to both sides.
Asia Star is so funny!
I will be good at Madden 12 by the end of the night!
All I wanna do is take a nap. I'm so tired
#ThatllBeNice If I Could Spend The Whole Day With You, Everyday <3
Hahaha, I'm assuming was there with you then. I keep hearing people say that she's prehistoric...
Gotcha. ;) Following you now - would love to have you guest write
Im great. g2g bye
Break a leg!!
Kaytal: the court will realize that the country needs a resolution on this issue.
I would like to develope a more expressive style. I feel like a just copy images in the classes.
thanks for the RT
I feel like I should be playing some elevator music today since my building is a voting location, but is that politically biased?
Conan proved he's the best in the biz again tonight!
I bow down to the master!!!!
: 2/2 st lighting up old fire
Vomiting crew lets the machines do some repair work for them...fixed some damage in corridor one.
Been DVRing for years. It's my sunshine!
Talking disaster recovery at #texastechnologysummit2012 in Houston.
Today I caught myself smiling for no reason... then I realized I was thinking about you.
I love when rainy days coincide with hangovers
Thinking about making a new twitter...
Great Networking breakfast with the Dulles Chamber this morning! Met many new friends!
ok then im just following ok
How is everyone doing on tis lovely day?
UL UK match up in the final four = epic
This fool just told he's part porkpourri lmao
lol thank u! sorta sad but really excited too...hows the job hunt going? lol it's been a while but I remember talking about that
AS long as you can get in and out of there quickly (haha) you should be fine. Only 4 th inning.
Glee has recently made a few Dawson's references.
Signs u may be replaced as #soccer coach: Athletic Dept only sends one way airfare.
We've reached over 100 followers! Thank you to all who are supporting us! :)
cant wait until the opens too! Did you know you can get in FREE when you support you or your child's school?
ma petite i knw i should've called back... dnt worry ima call u sometime soon. jspr k u va bien?
I know :( I was so sad. Poor old guy. He will be missed #swamppeople he is now in swamp heaven <U+270C>
my reputation. is ruined )': i need someone to vent to </3
Get your cardio while building muscle with weights - Chicago Daily Herald
You guys go together like lamb and tuna fish
Don't call it a come back
Incorrect grammar and spelling for txt talk or actual English?
When my math homework is too hard my tutor cant do it...
The campaign blogblr, right.
you keep it for now! Don't share.
I need to go to the gym, but laying on the couch watching boy meets world sounds so much better...
We'll talk in lunch (:
Just got to see the legend, the man, the myth at lunch... That guy is just all sorts of LEGIT
Down to the final 3 rehearsals for the The Christmas Message at the Rock Church. It will be on 12/11/2011 at 11am. Hope to see you a there!!
I'm going to dade to take my PERT. Can we do it Tuesday?
power aid throwback lol
Runner's temp tattoo auction tops $11K: " I will be announcing the winner of my eBay auction this Wed. Winning bid was $11,100"
TIP: Poker can be a fun night out, but it doesn't go well with alcohol consumption. Try to limit your alcohol intake to 1 to 2 drinks.
Give yourself a bit of a break! I'm fairly certain not ALL of your word turn out wrong, right?
Paul is sexy
People take shit to seriously, chill out dude
Excess and mass marketing invading HE #edu2011 but masses aren't listening anymore. We r branded to death
thank you(:
lol SHUTUP my booty was moving :))
I can take a phrase that's rarely heard, flip it and now its a daily word
I could eat Greek food forever and ever. Yum!!!
Not into
RT if is not following you. Favorit if is following you
Thanks you very much for the twitter love for our grand opening event series. Hope to see you there!
just in my 4th block. Being a teachers assistant
I guess you can "learn" from your mistakes when it happens once or maybe twice..but not all the time...it's redundant... ;) xoxo
If you are at make sure you mention us and share your pictures !! Let's Go !!!
I got to class on time #saywhat That doesn't happen that often
Wish someone would tweet me cute messages for when i wake up.
Gossip Girl blew my mind tonight, how is that storyline going to work?? #bartbass - cc
The reason there are so many PGH topics trending is because you have your location set to Pittsburgh. But I agree
I keep dozin but can't stay asleep.. It always happens the night b/4 a busy day..
Jessold was one of those miss-my-subway-stop books. Remember reading the end that way. Metropolis similar effect.
NC is the latest state to effectively slam the door shut on same-sex marriages.---> My personal views on the matter are "evolving."
we're excited to have you join us this year!
wanna watch the video!!!
Love that you and the family are visiting a children's museum. Got to love it when learning is so much fun!
There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment.
lol shut up
Do tell... What makes beautiful human beings have low self esteem??? I don't get it...stay strong my sisters, you ARE all that & more. Xx
I got a condo on my wrist I'm cashin out !!!
Who is Matt Barnes' tattoo artist? Satan?
!!!! RT Take a study break with tonight at 11 in the ZSR! Be there or be []
Who's going to #WOMMA in Seattle tomorrow? Anybody know if I can attend just the #SMC reception?
If have only a few aggregated sources, federated search may still suffice
It'll happen... and more than once I promise that. :P
South station, here we come
: can u tell me about the rabbits?
WITTY WED: So how bad is the economy really doing, you ask? "A picture is now only worth 200 words."
Taking Ethan and Jonah camping and climbing. Pretty excited.
expand your beer horizons some. Not that you'll have that opportunity at that place.
Hahahaha i hate you
y u no text back? :(
going to be bawlin my eyes out next week.
Anyone who uses a meme as a comeback is legit. This fella is alright.
Nice! Congrats on the weight loss. It's going to be a great summer of running in MKE!
Hope so. Def wasnt worth 2011 contract, but he fits well w/ team RT : Thompson's comment in the press release hints at new deal
If yu dnt got no ass bitch wear a pancho!
I-95.! Got my Simply Lemonade, Muchies (cheese fix), and Izzy(iPod).... everythings #JustFine. Next Stop Savannah 106 miles.!
I had to look up tunt in the urban dictionary. I get it....
You were missed today!
Looking for alternative bands from Milwaukee to swap shows in Chicago...anyone?
Trade your expectations for appreciation and your whole world changes in an instant! -
Small child here has informed everyone that he knows a lot about Brer Rabbit because he just has "a really big brain."
At what word length does a blog post stop being a blog post?
8am :) how bout you?
Pacers are getting no love on ESPN from and co.
Worked out today tough but focused. Felt great afterward got to repeat my efforts tomorrow a.m. Exercise buddies let me hear you.
You bet! Sorry for the late response but I appreciate the
and you act like it was nothing!!
=^.^= Offer for Shelves,chrome,pk 5 – METRO | Garage Storage ...
Honey, be careful with that. You know you ain't got a lot of junk in that truck. Happy Friday, sir.
Rack City Bitch Rack Rack City Bitch!!!! :)
"Those exchanges happen all the time during the course of an NBA season." I don't know Coach Spo, maybe they happen all the time in Miami..
you look cute as fuck<3
Who is ready for baseball ? I know the Superfans sure are.
RT : Happy are those who dream dreams and are ready to pay the price to make them come true. -- Leon Suenens, Clergyman
" gunna be mega fun on saturday! [Aw yeah!]
I wish I was home :(
Hardest thing ever? Controlling your laughter at serious times.
Whoops. Meant Uncle Boonmee, Senna etc
and Robb how do you feel about him injecting himself with MRSA and then going under a surgical procedure?
Good day mixing drinks 4 the spring menu. Will be heading out 2 see Ashley 4 her last night bartending
Dont say one thing and do another
Just accepted my FB invite for the party in honor of the birth of It's going to be all the rage in the 'sau that weekend.
Getting a wrrist band that says "In Jesus Name I Play"
Antz in pants. Just do it
Venture Brothers Rule!
Michael David '09 PetitePetit - huge red blend of Petite Syrah & Petit Verdot, structured, delicious, long finish, under $20, rated 5 stars!
#Dinner time! Patio weather - who's craving sushi???
Offer ends Dec. 31st!
And everyone thought she was faking it what the fuck, who fakes what I'm guessing is a panic attack like wtf everyone needs to go to hell
yeah at 7:30 - so excited to see you tomorrow!! (are you teaching concert weekend? i want to take a class!)
Want to know about sponsoring the first ever Pittsburgh Vintage Mixer - a vintage vendor fair? Email us!
I'm cold /: I wish I could cuddle with 1 of my celebrity crushes :,(
that statement is false. Sushi's mainstream.
Such a wonderful anology!
Just got a perk for the first time -- sample of #LiptonTeaHoney. Just the idea of it makes me thirsty.
ur dad wanted me to tell u that u tweet too much (;
DS: calling it now... If he's available, Ozzie Newsome will select Dontá Hightower in the NFL Draft.
Happy New Years from Kyle Ean, Kelly Ann, & the entire Haggerty Studio Family!
re: NYC psychiatrists can't make big $$ outside of a crazy city?
major insomnia
- love it! haven't seen you in forever! xoxo
Hahaha love this so much!!!
That amazing moment when you find money in your clothes that you forgot was there.
You're very welcome! :)
Let's Go Dawgs!
NGLC looks for overlaps between their goals and higher ed's goals.
I always start eating a chocolate bunny by the ears. :3
real ninjas troubleshoot
I'm Philly born & bred. Big fan.Tore my achillies playing bball. Was operated on Tues.Said we had same surgery.Any suggestions?
we needed someone who would anger new york. Even i was screaming.
"He took my leg. I don't intend to give him my ass!" - 2010: Moby Dick
I am leaving and never coming back
*flings it across the room*
No charge for the class -- donations accepted!
What do you think racetweeps? RT : Planning a VERY cool giveaway for Tues. What's best thing an #IndyCar fan could win?
Oh Shoot Let Me Get My Phone Now =]
But Pug is awesome! Since the Bertram chicks seem to come as a package, I'd have to go with them...
thanks for the mention! -Mr Gordwin
Dude from Africa just bought a mixtape and asked to get a picture with me.lol Way 2 Serious bout to touchdown in that MotherLand.lol
awww... will we see at 9 month? : Going to 3 month school and wish my girls would be there!!!
I love sleepovers with my best friend!
Merry Christmas from Davalos Tequila! Celebrate with a glass of Davalos Anejo! It's exactly what Santa is doing now. Promise.
That shower felt good, I needed that. Washed all the bad from my soul <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
thanks for the RT!
Call me cynical but Hobo with a Shotgun isn't that great. Which depresses me.
It's cold af..!! Shouldn't have drunk that float
Thanks for the RT's - Happy Mother's Day!
please follow mee!!
Congrats on winning $30 to our online store! Send us a DM to get your code! The rest of you, watch for another code next week!
Lakers in trouble
Bravo to you for playing our favorite vocalist and song of all time - Whitney will be missed-THANK YOU!
here ya go!
Ppl who unfollow r
I'll be there the 26th, report the second. When you gettin in? I need a throwing partner till camp!!
i guess i get it, but its OUTSIDE.
I can't tell if conservatives in the media actually believe what they say, or if there's just a shitload of blood money in being a pundit
See the show front row or side of stage?
Hey man, shoot me ur email addy, im gonna shoot you a track ... Orphanz™
Encouragement: God is faithful - I hope you learn to trust him, even when you don't understand what He's doing.
End of the first and the fans are on their feat for the #Maineiacs 1st period effort vs St John....2-0 Lewiston (14-11 on shots)
EJ wants to come back, but I'm not sure he'll be able to resume playing. Dike IMO is still part of the mix for 2011 & beyond.
not tru not tru....where n the hell you'll been?!?
You know this sun is still killer outside but hey I can't wait for this win!!!
Still waiting for a tweet or mention or retweet from to her fav student
Watched one episode of guy code and I now understand boys.
why are you so pretty:) You're really inspirational!
Opening 2/24. Thought you'd like to know!
Anyways let me get prepared for this 11-7 shift ii ha e today.
omg I have so many awesome things to say about this I dont even know where To start
note to self: horizontal feels a lot like equilibriated. is it naptime?
it's on twitter now you cant back out lol
Right! RT : Aawwwwww. Now I kinda want President Ghost and Olivia to be a couple. They are so sweet. The longing looks...
Why are people fucking hypocrites?
sorry to miss out on #GCBC5 - have a blast!
bedtime, goodnight!
Definition of Love: A score of zero in tennis. ~
We have so many liquid toppings - flavored sauces, syrups, etc. - we have to resist the urge to refer to them as "sweet, sweet goo".
Couldn't imagine having to use colored only restrooms, not being able to eat at certain restaurants, harassed by racist police
DC will always be my home away from home, and I'll miss you all. But now it is Europe, and then the Hollywood dream.
Hurry in for Our Skate Special
Wonka Nerds are glorious, but Nerds Ropes are even more magical.
Hang in there bro. Hang in there. Ha.
Sustenio now has happy hour nightly from 4-7! Half price wines by the glass, half price flat bread pizzas and nightly drink specials!
At the chicago blackhawkd training camp
Poaching in marinara is WAY easier than in water. It just sits there, and the sauce holds it up. And it's YUM.
Roger... Tweet me... I had to go to bed my dad was getting mad
Somebody fucking ripped one on this train -_-
extremely true. And they charge for Sprite. Who does that?
it would benefit me if I can get a nice house cheaper but it would be bad because if I buy now the value will go down.
go away dime-a-dozen robotic spammongerer!
Wherever there is work to be done, there is opportunity. And there is always work to be done.
yes that sounds great! Maybe I'll have a BBq or something.
yeah :).... He's really great. Cousin by marraige but they married before I was born so he's always been part of the family
Hey what u doing
help for the 2011 #stuffabus 3 locations #canton #royaloak & #ClintonTownship help us fill school buses with toys for kids
Today's Specials: Krab Louie Box Lunch $7.49 and $5 Box Lunch today is Baked Ham!
tough economy
RT : Final: Magic 86, Celtics 78. Orlando snaps Boston's 14-game winning streak. Nice win for the Magic.
Need a data cable for your office PC or Telephone? We do single "drops" or entire buildings
Oh well...
I have that feeling that you get after you cry a lot.
one year ago you had your sold out concert at MSG.#neverysaynever i love you!
haha i guess that's awesome
Wish would have called me back!!
One out of three is not clutch for a superstar.
Also there's no Denver cnxtion to story. The pilot's from Houston. So why is a story like this in the 1st 10 min of nonstop news in Denver?
So excited - heading to Music Under Glass @ the Domes tonite for my BIL's band Paddygrass! Celtic + bluegrass + Irish dance = awesome!
Gov't will hear us today! #GeneralStrike around the country. I work but stayed home in #solidarity!
when i look in2 ur eyes its like wtchin the nightsky or beautiful sunrise an just like thos old stars i see u came so far<3follow
Clippers win. Good job closing the game.
Songs that remind me of spring break '10.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It goes down tonight at the House of Blues as we open for Grace Potter and The Nocturnals. You know how we get it in...HOB get ready!!!!
Music Inspires.
gDocs can handle .docx better than LibreOffice and that makes me sad.
Pink Slip "Diary of a Black Author" is on schedule, motivational workshops for Pink Slip are being scheduled.
Just trampled the Steelers on Madden
Teaching my sister to Easter egg hunt #shealwayschasesthefood:)
Apparently $100B isn't enough money to build a mobile app with a single email opt-out instead of 100 checkboxes.
well, I think unique is more of a compliment, but at least I didn't call you weird or oddball :)
Already, I've worked for *three* different Jason-entrepreneurs. A small sample size, but quite odd! cc:
Greene Street...probably looking for the same hidden Apple store I couldn't find. WHAT?! WHERE!
Anyway I have both a girl and a boy baby name that I think are safe from trendiness. No, I won't share.
I'm about to have another niece, but another nephew would have been nice too. Either way, I'm happy though.
And I'm sure there's even more beyond that.
Good to know. Did the Dr. give you an explanation for the BFN? I want to skip right to IVF. Cannot take it! BEST of luck to you!
Wrong? I don't believe either of us are wrong, but I don't believe you're right. Perhaps you're mislead?
I sure am going to miss Doner Kebabs and the Mezzo, but glad to be going back to the land of the free and home of the brave.
fuck u i dont even kno u blood but i got sometin for that ass me and my goons ready nigga its 2deep East all day lol
Your greatest resource is your time. - Brian Tracy
dependin on the mood that im in i might holla
Stay up.
Wondering why ppl want me to mind what I say! Maybe cause the truth hurts
Trying! Really trying!
Visuals are so important that we should be incorporating art throughout the curriculum.
please follow me im very interseting and i can give u amazing updates on everything or anything u want! xx lol
A smile is the most inviting of all gestures.
What the heck, I'll play it again tomorrow!
So true... so true! Amen to that!
What will you do Feb. 29 to celebrate your extra day in 2012?
No more exams for me today so I think ima leave this bitch
lol, anyone want to s4s with CATS?
Come out to the Speakeasy tonight for a good show.
A lot of problems in the world would disappear if we'd just talk to each other instead of about each other.
TY for following us ! Have a wonderful day!!
almost at grand central
yes we r haha... Now I'm really tired so I'm gonna go to bed. Tweet ya tmr! :)
I was confused by your foreign words!
“Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live.” ~Jim Rohn
Stay inspired!
Life can knock you down. It can break your heart. Life ain't always beautiful..
He'd be easier to run against - much clearer contrast; it won't look so lopsided. Palin was a lesson, beating up a weak candidate is hard.
Quote: "If there is nothing you need to do when you wake up in the morning, then you will probably end up doing what you want to do."
I'm watching both!!(: <3
Hey Philadelphia. Tomorrow tune into XPN2 at THURSDAY 7pm for live performances and interviews from PLOW UNITED & WESTON.
i gonna miss yu. everytime i c yu,yu make my day. i hope H rehires yu or i hope that johnny get fired. im gonna miss yu :'(
Omg!!! So excited is FINALLY doing a show in Philly....counting down the days til I get to see my idol again <3
That panicked feeling you get, after hearing someone say (or text) "can we talk?"
Lookin GOOD! LEt me know if you want to and I'll add this photo to the product page!
You just can't deny Eli Manning!
Expect rain to pick up in the next 2-4 hours. Lightning may light up the sky overnight. Watch at 11 for Scott's forecast
Itz a smash on site if ion like them
Why is this getting to me? I just don't understand why...
Lemme get an 'Adam Ward hard at work on a thursday' 'it's crunch time' kind of picture
OYY Shandon Anderson, that name still haunts my dreams and probably the Knicks payroll. Same with Howard Eisley!
You can find us on facebook as well, let's get the word out to as many people as we can. Thank you!
So.. Israel tour is done, had a blast. now going back to NY to write more music and get ready for our album recording.
NWST: on impact of Lupoi on #Huskies Recruiting, and on whether Jesus Montero can catch for #Mariners 9:30
I'm gonna go!
I know. Mine do too :/
Triple OT with rangers and caps..someone update me. Drivin back!
I was at the mall yesterday & a lady walked by me twice with her shirt being too small/tight. She had a pony cake & a happy trail. So gross!
i couldnt you were to "busy"
ikr!omg cant grt over it!!i didnt got to watch it though bcos of stupid work did they announce it at US kca though?
Teacher high as fuck. Talking about imaginary numbers ands letters being numbers and shit.
what's a real hoot is my mom said there is some list of "hot gingers" and I'm on it on imdb.Funny stuff.
bored watchin tv
ohh haha we will be tan buddies! and and ur serbrian? does that mean u tan easily?
Teamwork grizz play teamwork.
Yes! I practice anusara & power! U? RT : I feel so relaxed & strong @ the same time after yoga- what type do u practice?
Back at ya! Have a great one!
#youngforever is SUCH a good song omg
OH SHIT THE ALPHA
Nashville People! If you would like to be in The Lacs official music video for Shake It, message me for details!
The Amazing Spider-Man OsCorp Recruitment Viral Video
#Oomf Did Not Come See Me Today!!
don't know if there are any, but Maren Greathouse, our director of Diversity, should be able to help:
There's a man listening to a walkman pacing, crying, and talking to himself at my train stop right now
Huge news today - Claudio Vargas is back on the Brewers! My wish came true and this team is now a playoff contender! what's his WAR?
RT Stealing this> be in a true relationship you have to have honesty and vulnerability with each other.
Refinancing your home may save you thousands of dollars
please, dont harm yourself, you're meant to live! You're beautiful inside and out, you'll get through this;trust me
Love working with you!
Your life is a gift. Remember that.
Thx for that correction! It was the Special Court for Sierra Leone indeed. Glad you still enjoyed the history piece : )
Any suggestions? If you could put anything on your guitar, what would it be?
I wish. I've been looking for a "bear" suit for a long time.
I would if I was there! Go look at my twic pic of me bent over!
Class 2A: Mounds View will make its fourth state appearance. It will be the first appearance since 1999.
Wanna bet another DVD on Spurs/Clippers?
Nice!! RT : wow! R0TFF to the bat mobile (batman voice)
My friends.. it's 73 in Ohio, on March 13th... this.is.not.normal. but I'll take it ;) Just wish my Keats felt better
im going to start getting to follow me
Wow, I'm a freak.
Another week, another shoot.
DYK? Stuart Scott - ESPN sports center Anchorman is a member of A Phi A
W00t! Nice hit Alex!
im ready
I second that. I use it on my Android and iPad. RT : nope. I use it on Android. Best Twitter app by far imo
holy shit we're going to fry.
"Its like getting an endosement from the devil in a race for heaven." - Dick Morris. LOL Cracked me up.
that's nice, hope y'all have fun, where ever y'all go, :-P wish I could go out but its late! :-\
You the type of nigga dat fall in love wit pussy, I'm the type of nigga that fall asleep don't even touch the pussy
Justin Moore warns the #stagecoach crowd that if next song is inappropriate they're are the wrong festival. Then sang I Can Kick Your ...
Why, of course! Flights are ridonkulous, tho. I hope to be on tour by then. Did I just say that on the Twitta?
I've lived in or visited most of these cities!
Come in after work & try a few small plates, like our Orange Peel Duck: Charred and Smoke Greens, Candied Orange Anise
: I just cannot comprehend 30 children, 30 dogs or 30 cats.
i don't get paid for another two weeks...and ill be in California. lmao
cooking up some major plans. gonna have to spend the summer in the metaphorical woodshed.
“: I think it's iphone time” group message
whoever t old school brotha wants lol would have given anything in the world 2 play a coach like him
I cleverly hid the information in an attempt to protect it and found it sometime past midnight.
iPhone screen repair $49
One of my students needs me to help him write a song about diversity for a class. Now..How to include an old old wooden ship in the lyrics?
Bad allies are no allies - Paula Chan quoting Russians
RT A great brand story empathises with the customer. It agrees with what they already believe & makes them the hero.
What is the first thing you thought of this morning? Was it food or fitness?
miss you too!
yoga. outside. best day ever.
Tomorrow everyone tweet to Niall that he is beautiful and get #Niallisbeautiful trending
i feel loved
everyone knows
Will it be swept under the rug when the cameras go?
2 strikes on that sleaze
": let's go back to nac for another polo party" <-- My liver and I are banned from Nac. I'm still recovering...lol
Hey Shai! Thanks for following :) Pls give us a
Have a great weekend everyone!
I've never seen an unattractive pedicab driver in this town (either gender) but the wonder woman costume is a nice touch.
#Macbook Air and Blue tooth Magic Mouse why cant they just work!
I understand what it is, that was just extremely random.
Sneaking out early today to see my little ones. I am currently on the party car of the brown line feeling old.
Join Chic makeup artistry@ temecula bridal event this Sunday @ pechanga !
SEO NEWS: #SocialSuccess - An Inbound Marketing Case Study for B2B
follow back? <3
Awesome job today! I didn't want you to stop. I think I had more fun watching you than I would playing it myself!
I love you boo boo we gotta link up for a bday dinner me you n Jess hugs n more hugs ! Beat wishes
Imu Fagg , ha & I LOVE YOU BROTHER . All that drama ain't for us , lmao we go back too when I use to wear beads lmfao -_- rs
oh it wasn't bout me?
If you would like to be a part of my future, don’t judge me for my past.
- welcome to my world
taco bell
Hi there, yes we do! Come on down and visit our clinic--it's open to the public and has some great treatment options.
perfect! i'm thinking about getting myself a pair asap!
So, did you have any April Fools' jokes played on you yesterday?
#OFFLINE for now
Come enjoy some good music while supporting a good cause. I will be live in Las Vegas on the 20th.
hey love:-)
Great photo, thanks for sharing.
RT : Happy Steak and BJ day
Dear Birdsfoot I'm so sorry!
Thanks for listening Piotr!
He Knows U Exist :)
Watching the Comedy Awards! And they are pretty freakin hilarious :)
RT : Great morning to you cousin ;-)..
Hey girlfriend! Ooh...I have many looks! Depends on my (and my hairstylist's) mood. You're welcome..
i cant believe it my husband bought a car! it's a miracle me can sell that old caprice!
My mother is so excited you could copy and paste something in a word document. Yikes.
YEA ILL B BACK MONDAY
you watch that show too?? Oh, this is why we're frennnss :)
just text me tomorrow .
Going to see the bestie.... Then off to work!
my phone is a line segment
Congratulations on the promotion of Christopher Holden to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/znzIj3
That flash of lightning was bright. It made it look like day time outside O.O
#FF #writers Thank you for the kind mention :)
Earnings are falling like a rock for utilities as distributed individually owned renewable power becomes cheaper than central-station energy
Morning to u also;) sweets
All I'm gonna say is..... 0_o. side eye, side eye, side eye......WTF side eye. Oh I wanna tweet it but I will not be mean!
WHAT THE FUCK IS WRONG WITH YOU! JUST WAIT TILL THE NEXT TIME I SEE YOU! IM RUNNIN' OVER YA!
I Love #PairOfKings Awesome!
Okay. I'm awake and watching the #RoyalWedding coverage on CBS. I'm quite enjoying the look back 30 years ago.
What is this Zombie Training Facility that you speak of?
Yay! Hope you're having a great weekend!
BRIDGE LIFT: INTERSTATE BRIDGE LIFT FOR RIVER TRAFFIC IN 5-10 MINUTES.
no politician born after star wars is trustworthy
Just heard The Ramones in my supermarket. While I love them...
I'm so bored I don't know what to tweet. Someone fangirl with me over SiWon and Kevin. Haha
AH. tiring day.
let's do a project to find the best taco cart in ABQ
All the Pod Heads celebrating today.
RT : Wait, cut off my mic? Seriously? RT : ...it's funny, cus, you were on mute.....yeah
Someone has been media coaching Mayweather recently.
#20thingsaboutme 8. i hate reading!!! literally i will burn books lol.
Back to Boston for Game 7.
I love your songs on soundcloud
Setting up our campaign. shooting an embarrassing video of himself pleading for money like an idiot. Love that guy.
living the dream!! How are things in your world?
Daytona 500 on February 26th and then off the road for about a month... Look for some new youtube videos coming soon!
The body of Christ just punches itself in the gut with strife and division. If Christ is the head then we should stop giving Him headaches.
Omg you are so full of talented <U+2665> I love you vic, you are perfect :{) wish i could meet you and tell u this personally<U+2665>
Time to see what we're made of! We've practiced/prepared/worked 2 b here, time to seize the opportunity!!!
I was testing you
You complete me.
A SECO 2010 speaker, Dr. Victor Perez, was featured in an article published by USA Today. Search USAToday for "Victor Perez"
and neither am I.
#HinesWard so much for Steeler organization
291 twitter request ugh
aw cramps suck
Hey everyone... Follow me !!! It will be a timeline filled with dope shit. Promise :)
ha. No thanks.
It seems to me that some of the saddest people in the world have congregated at Panera Bread.
how was it throwing out first pitch were u stoked or nervous and which of u bad boys had the best toss
More customized than a Honda Civic, more quantifiable than an abacus!
AUCI now up 300% from my call at .0011! Check out www.mmstockplay for my daily updates.
Heading off to lovely Collierville later this afternoon for another wonderful, fun and exciting family portrait session!
“Kings have no friends, only subjects and enemies.” -- Stannis
Hey Friend.. Whats up! -Aaron
Al Green Day
Niggas that say "Flat Out" <
Me too, ! Cheers
is moving in with the librarians this summer.
welcome back home:(
Although apples don't have caffeine, they are a great pick me up when you're sleepy and a great source of soluble fiber.
at the such a good show
hey Rebecca!!! How have you been? (:
DONT hate me.
Thanks! RT Just heard some new music by Nice! Check her out yall
No bottle poppin just beat shoppin tonight! Dreams never sleep!
kanye west and kim kardashian actually look happy together ;*
Check out at G,F,C Brandon Rash on the front page of the ,the "ESPN of Division I basketball". www.d3hoops.com
wow. good luck with that. lol
Me Too~ :( RT : I wish I was at The Avengers midnight premiere right now.
What eFing great way to end my day.
SOME TIMES WE ALL HAVE TO GROW UP SO I DO IT REAL SLOW
I did! very refreshing lol ur life should not revolve around this shit
Completely unrelated, pretty sad about Carl Beane. His voice was fantastic for Fenway. Classic. Gonna miss hearing him.
Working on the #new catalog and new products for this year!! Stay tuned!
sad, but shes still gods flower.. RIP WH
why do bands take so long between sets? it's after midnight! you're from canada! let's go!
It's true. 's use of "vis-a-vis" was perfectly executed.
What's your favorite meal to cook with your kids?
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Courts generally frown upon those who bring children to the court house for family law hearings.
Hey cheers to Sugar Shane Mosely you never been KO'd & I've watched many great fights of your thru the years. Thank you sir for memories!!
Robert Browning~ My business is not to remake myself but to make the absolute best of what God made.
what a coincidence
Let's go Redbulls!
LOL! TY : you must have heard me (trying to) sing! Thanks for following ... have a great Easter!
this means war.
Working hard the money aint sleep so ROBI can t rest
Thank u for the follow
Integrity is no matter who are with you present yourself the same. This is not a successful method. You have a be a chameleon, accomplish
ur so welcome.... Keep maintaining ya inner & outter beaty babe!
You're welcome! We love Lee and Low and !
Gregory Rodriguez from giving info on the upcoming conversations happening in other communities in the state.
Anyone working in the a.m.?
It's gonna be ONE of THOSE days again lol
Saw him play at SXSW and left after three songs. Z.
apparently refund now means send me a second one that is identical to the flawed one I complained about.
#AWS customer service improving...at least those are the optics.
You know that was an accident!!! Doing too much too fast!!!
Just preordered the #Overexposed album by for my bday!! So excited I can't wait for it!!
it'd be different if he was fighting Manny
Welcome back! I hope you had excellent travels.
Such a busy month, but we're really looking forward to the Launch Party next Thursday at
US Open Tennis, a pool and BBQ made for an amazing Labor Day weekend!!
<U+2600>My best friend just said <U+25BA>"Oh, buh gee gee girl!! You was blessed when it came to tits and tickets!!!"<U+25C4> #DoubleD'sDoHelp ;-)
90% of the time I change my clothes at least one my windows is open and I just passively hope that nobody's looking.
there are really only like seven people that i can tolerate. i hate everyone else.
get to June 1st first. $$$
#zaarlyit - www.zaarly.com request that they launch in your city next!
Ohh Bill Cosby you crack me up!
“: I’m so excited to have 8 million followers I’m sending 8 of U a present. Tweet #Ellen8Million & U could be 1
love them. Needs to be more!
Can't get comfortable. Hot AF in my room
#RealDealsNotJustCoupons, maybe we can get a certain type of profile for deals of interest
I'm reading "Never Eat Alone" now. Only 4 chpts in and I'm already recalibrating my prof trajectory and goals. Thank you!
Zoey why are you so white????
Oh, wow! Very good to know! =D
Nice! I'm getting a prenatal massage tonight!
Again? RT "Today is Napster's last day of existence."
#GeekTrivia answer: Which Marvel character has John Byrne alluded to Mr. Myxptlk being? The Impossible Man
That's cold Bob.
When I try to use the submission form for the giveaway, it says "403 Permission Denied" when I submit it. I've tried twice.
Getting ready to audition our next show a non musical TBA. Oct 22 & 23 in NJ Place TBA. Please tell us your ideas for the next show!
Camtasia's (video) latest update is excellent. Best part: voice recognition automatically generates closed captions.
#icantgoadaywithout attempting to inspire more ppl to join the fight against #humantrafficking. We have the power to #endslavery, #letsdoit!
I can't wait to see him again! 6 months is way to long! :(
At #wobnorthhills- apricot wheat is fitting
Karen Petersen Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
smh bring it im in the hood now ill come to the burbs tomorrow
So jealous. We were hoping to see the #silverfox. Love him. We did see Karem Abdul-Jabar tho. He was pretty funny.
IF UR FO.LOWING THIS ACCOUNT FOLLOW MY NEW ONE >> I GOT HACKED! ="( ="(
Quick someone give dirk the flu so he can do amazing again
gotta work on those song titles though!
if i get one more mention from that website that tell you who unfollowed you i'm going to come undone. yes i unfollowed you & NO I DONT CARE
The Phoenix Suns are on FIRE
I think I just cried when told me that Parks and Recreation is cancelled. Like I cried real tears.
“: Once a hoe, ALWAYZ a hoe!” She Smashed The Homeys!!
If only people could see with more than just their eyes
Time to go in on this paper.
This might be a long summer >.<
What is hiring that isn't a retail job???
You shouldn't have to "clear the air" about it - I thought it was hilarious! Anyone who didn't realize it was a joke needs to relax
I love you.
no good.
location still tbd.
HAHA the 92nd street Y is at the other end of NYC - it's like a 2 hour trip out there... Besides, Manhattan drives me mad :)
A happy cat currently is snoozing on my lap. Best limit my fluid intake to ensure maximum cat nap time.
At the IRT seeing Dance Kaleidoscope perform All the worlds a stage...never seen Shakespeare performed through dance.
and if they only sold some.....my mom was on at 10am andi should have had one
Thought I was off the hook by being on-call for jury duty today, but there's still a chance I'll have to serve tomorrow. Doggone it!
you never know this wilson could be a #diamondintherough like dan the man. would i bet on it?
Poor Matt Ryan, he's getting beat up
Last ever episode of #rescueme tonight. Bo. :(
The SoberDrivers Pledge is one of the easiest places to start helping your friends, family, and community.
I need more followers help me?
RT : Got peer-pressured by girl-scouts into buying 4 boxes of cookies today. #GirlScoutCookiesAreTheDevil--yes they r!
hahah makes sense now
Me-i love you austin :) <3 Austin-i love you too :D <3 Me-w..w..what? *pass out*
whats good with the collab i got a verse i need u on bro
At CIMMfest Chicago. Best fest ever! About to see "Roller Town." 24hrs til JLBT Chi premiere! WOO!
" Life would be better if my eyes could record videos & take pictures"
If I was taller and jacked I would play the shit out of rugby
Not that long... I leave a week from Saturday!
uh, no. what's wrong with you?* you never txted me back
Meat Baud: The symbol speed of human comprehension, roughly 3 Baud. Robot slang, derogatory.
Wtf!! Target and Jewel!!! I'm looking for my meds not the iPhone 5!!! Get yo shit together!!!
RT : Do the right thing -- it will gratify some people and astonish the rest. -- Mark Twain ht
happy birthday big dog, can't wait to see the #Pats back on the field and number 83 right there.
I did . Iont see nothing .. retweet it
I do! How did y'alls paths cross?
by the way if it helps for u to follow me my sister is !!
I think they'll give each team one amnesty deal. Will #Flyers use theirs on Pronger or Bryzgalov?
the dancing part is the part I am missing.
Intel to layoff 6000, Microsoft 1000 this recession will be felt for a while to come.
NCSU offers DE classes in GIS.
how hard?
Happy International Pillow Fight Day!
you could be right. Most guys dont bother me because they're like background noise. Dont pay much attention to them. Just Gus
You bought her drinks all Night and still got nothing?
Shout Out to all the Hoodrats Tweeting on they ACER Laptops! :)
im sure. Just sucks they are leaving.
Hahaha thanks for making us laugh!
Lets all win
Just added to the #wfx expo floor Amitrace/Newtek
forgot to ask you earlier - but have you seen Cabin Fever? Another crazy horror movie with an obvious similar title.
Hey you can be one of those summer-sweater wearing office ladies!
Johnny Depp is top notch actor.
follow me you and Megan are both so talented and so beautiful :)
No sir. Not even close.
LMFAOOO called me a "Twin-Tower". XD I'm not THAT tall.
August 16, 1948 -Babe Ruth dies of throat cancer. He was 53.
“Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.
now you know how I felt! At least you can go out the window.
At on Sunday: : the Jewish Service Corps will discuss how young Jews are exploring their heritage through service
Can't believe he said that!!
You Can't Go Gnome Again
God the Astros are a pest.
21 in a few hours.
Anytime! Love food questions!
Shane is king! #envision. Who doesn't love this guy?
frat boys and teenagers. 17 minutes until the movie!
of course! It's the finals! We're breaking all the big guns out. celebs, T-shirts, loud noises…you're not gonna want to miss it!
Thanks for the RT ! BTW - how the hell are you?
*grumble, grumble...morning
Having a blast at the music city mayhem awards !
I'll rather be single than to get hurt by a guy who just wants me for my body. k cool .-.
Yay.! Yummy Noodles
thanks for the tweet to my conference audience today!
RT : RT : UFO sighting in New York! <<< It may have been THE GENIUS :-) ZOOM!
Hannah is telling the RD he can't come in the bedroom for inspections because she has female pleasure aids in there... LOL
la all day
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake.
Hi! would you have announce from platform the #MarriageAmerica hashtag so we can all communicate better? Thank you!
Developers need an alternative to Facebook login.
A powerful mind is created by a great writer.....support great authors that's before your eyes.......-Admin K.King
Noo....but I mean...I'm down for you grabbing your boobs or whatever lol.
we can't wait to escape to Brazil this afternoon at the Macy's flower show!
Good point! We love children's books for little ones and older kids. Ramona and Little House on the Prarie are great picks.
OMG THIS CLASS SUCK ASS...2X
I love watching teenage girls try to take photos with professional cameras.
I've heard the 911 recordings. He begged for his life. Begged. Then a shot. Then an eerie silence.
Bitch look here my team is way better then your ugly ass Mcnuggets
Oh #Twitter. You little news whore you.
It's a show on ABC that stars Kristin Chenoweth. Dallas women who are "Good," "Christian," and something starting with a "B."
Cause I Know Da Bxtch Won't Use It & I Like A Crazy Mf.
E-mail submissions for the logo competition to ! Come on, designers, grab a coffee and get to it!
posting your location on foursquare just reiterates that no one needs to know where you are
What's up world, long time since I've posted anything? Tweet back if you would like to be friends!
ARTISTS looking to go on TOUR and PERFORM in TEXAS, LOUISIANA, OKLAHOMA and more call Mr Debonair
Another thing I'm not ok with? No lunch yet. Any suggestions?
all star saturday is so awful. The slam dunk contest is a joke! Please stop making this #embarrassing!
Mothers have taught us to be kind, responsible, resilient & compassionate. Let's show our mothers that we're grateful they're in our lives.
Record your golf scores by sending a message to ‘ scores [score1][score2]..[score18]’ (2vp-t2)
I can hear this clown cussing into the headset all the way down the hall... smh video games are for children!
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step
RT From the NESN broadcast: "Jamie Moyer has not thrown a pitch this year as hard as Darnell McDonald"
You can only have one: A) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat, or B) Adrian Gonzalez At Bat Song, Bon Bon, by Pitbull. Your pick?
I love suprised i wasnt already following him.
You can hurt with your words, but you can also hurt with your silence.
Hi! Are you using your handle? Would you be interested in letting me use it for a community project in DC?
Ok I'm fine with the random Rainstorms. But the thunder; I just don't get it
it's true, ladies love the cameltoe
mmmhhmm you know it ;P
I love wolfs reply if u love them to
RT : Understand that the right to choose your own path is a sacred privilege. Use it. Dwell in possibility. ~ Oprah Winfrey
back to buffalo
Agreed. They are very special. About to drink an Ephemere
Sitting on the porch swing with Bella and Jones. Still amazed that it's March and I'm wearing shorts...
Yoga set out to humiliate me this morning. May have to wait another year before I try that again.
Love rep on Leo Garcia 's great CD (get it if u can!) El Gallo y la Perdiz (Still good he didn't put that title literally into English!)
Storm peeking and hiding. Heading perfectly north for penn square mall. Really?
oh mkay can't wait :')
watching the bull episode! You are brave! I will tell everyone I know to follow you!
emotional tweets < stubbing your toe
Just got signed up to be a dd -___-
This man has mood lighting in his dam vehicle!
Coolest Rochester city house IMO. Did you know that was just the library wing of a large mansion that burned down?
If you talk like you big, you'll get hit like you big.
depends on what you want to do, and how much you can spend. If you're looking free, Audacity cmbned with plugins can do alot
At game so keep me up on Milwaukee and
RT - Driving into #Miami there is a huge #Dolphins billboard for #ReggieBush but someone needs to tell them there is only ...
I listen to M's games while running and that ad just *kills* me. So, so, so bad.
thanks for the support! They all are pretty much the same idea but ill edit a few more :)
Alicia Keys might as well have sang that. Just painful to my ears
#StudioLifeMiami is having a special deal on studio time this week for up and coming artists... $15/hr minimum 4 hours. Yes thats $15/HR!!!
how I know I am busy ... email come, says, "about your ppt on June X ..." and I think, "June X?!! did I agree to that? oh, oh yea. okay"
Listening to the dynamic duo Loren Oppenheimer and Abel Okugawa mixing some meditative Indian Music. Great way to end the work week.
That's a style I probably would have attempted 8 years ago...that's a hard one to rock.
On my way to see live!!!
Possessess <== Funny word. Read a speaker bio that used the word twice. Looked odd, like the person is Possessed O__o
Ugh massive tummy ache :/ too much stuffing and not enough pie! Ha but no seriously laying down rubbing my tummy right now
Aw DUDE you're a sweetheart
Please don't say Comic Sans.
<_____NF you better check this dude out one of the best artist in HTown
the green utsa one
Haha no way! "be social" as in go out after a long wk
Prepping for auction mock. Mock drafts: Impt to learn from your picks/strategy. Y we do them. Seen arrogance in past.
we are the robots!
- Very cool Fotoshop fake spot. Thanks for sharing Jane!
- thanks for the follow! How are you?
Being ignorant is not so much a shame, as being unwilling to learn. ~Benjamin Franklin
thanks for doing it, knowing you didn't have to. you're the best
lasan by michael kiwanuka: cannot wait for this dude to come to seattle!
WTH!! The silent bat syndrome strikes again. >___<
I lost a follower. Please bare with me as I go through this period of mourning and soul searching.
oh, wait. hah! i had their names wrong and was like "huh?" but GABE will be tough to interview. i bet i can get him talkin.
Happy Friday everyone!
A new client with a green pool just told me the pool store told them they only need to run pump 2 hrs/day. This is why you need a pool guy.
relax lady its not like that didn't mean to offend you cool out on the twitter threats tough typing went out with myspace
btw really thought you did an outstanding job with complex ideas about genetics.
Going back blonde tonight! Yayayaya
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt.
it is just how e shadow was sitting on his face
Another miss. RT “: #Grammys left Cesaria Evora off the memorial. #FAIL Shame on you.” | Sure did
Miss you guys too! I can't wait to visit... seriously. can't wait
so happy to see you all here!!
Naw he's lower than that -- more like the Devil's hemorrhoids...Karl's a Demon Roid!
RT : Can you explain that further? [what part?]
Watching the secret circle with Emily, Tabbi, and Lala
Attending the AHP conference in Lexington. Meeting lots of thoughtful, intelligent people. Such a great free flow of ideas happening here
lol nope but i can on Friday ;)
Hey, I have a question. Do YOU love me? Hahaa see what I did there, its a title of your duet with Sky Blue ;D
hello there! thank you so much for the shoutout my friend~ hope you have a great weekend ;)
100, but I'm sure you can find an interesting way to cover that!
Good to know. Been wanting to upgrade but haven't yet. What are the offending plugins?
notebooks are very nice things to have! do not be disappointed my dear.
#you da one, is all I'm rocking out to right now!
I wake up with you on my mind, questioning myself like are you really even mine.
it's infuriating. The Internet has flattened our experiences and creativity. I'm over-saturated, jaded and need a break.
you and me both! Hope some will be available in Louisville
No never! ": Ima need for the sixers to beat this celtics though!"
if you had trouble upgrading the app, delete and reinstall. you will NOT be charged again.
What did YOU think about the Super Bowl ads? president Matt Doud weighs in on the best & worst of 'em on 2nite at 5pm!
When is the cold weather going to be here
nigga this shit has been established we goin lol there's nothing to discuss
Govmnt isn't telling Chin what she can do w/her kids on her farm-rather what she can’t do w/other peoples’ kids who she hires
Thanks for the RT!
yea, if u stop by tomorrow, I'll give all the stuff.
pls message me about one of your songs. thx.
why he wasn't mentioned - i dont know why he wouldn't have been
hot ass track
pls keep us posted on Pryce's performances. Looking forward 2 seeing him onstage.
This song is phenomenal! Thanks for sharing this. It's a crime there are only 700 listens on that page!
UNION STATION woot woot serving tacos al pastor,pollo sofrito,barbacoa,& vegan purple potato salad w/ lentil mash. You know you want to....
My friend not getting donuts haba oh now he is
you guys should DEFINITELY have in your magazine. :)
follow mee please
Thanks for the follow. Love your subject matter. Will be getting your books.
Fuck your self :)
COOL. WHEN DO YOU PAINT YOUR ROOM
totally agree about Huntsman. He's really above & beyond anyone on that stage & has been for quite for a while...
Looking forward to meeting some new people today at the Excellence in Networking BNI meeting in Fishers!
Secretly wishing that Amazon's Harry Potter announcement was going to be a new book.
I'll tell you if your shit's weak, just ask. And trust me, some of you need to ask to deflate those unnecessary big heads of yours.
so Miller could get the win then?
Brian Stafford hits a three to tie his season high with 6 made. He now has 23 pts as DU leads 56-36 over
You will never advance if you're not willing to step outside of your daily routine and occasionally do something that's "Not your job". smh
thank you for the #ff<3
I always forget there is more traffic on
This school ratchet..
I am so tickled that you are watching Murder She Wrote. You picked some great, classic television!
right? Years and years and years of complaining !
we would love to see a Snip.it collection by you
Should I rock true religion tomorrow or Rock & republic
RT if you’re counting down to Art Basel!
Hi Leigh, I was thinking the same thing! I'll send you a DM.
Ever notice how people are always really quick to get back to you, if it's to tell you they can't do something?
Am officially old -- my students say Obi Wan Kenobi is the guy with the braid in his hair - I beg to differ.
people need to grow up, get a life & stay outta mine. smh!
Had a good talk with Team owner positive out look
Right. Wait...birthday party on Saturday from 1-4, hair appt on Fri 1-3, but otherwise free.
love that movie. Classic.
i got paint all over the curtain :O
he's stupid then.
:) RT : The Count: 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028841971693993751
The music business is ridiculously daunting
So, last night I was on bay news 9...
take care of yourself.
Working on blog post 4 about basics of #socialnetworking since I keep getting question: "What's ur secret?" Look out 4 it soon!
The Iheart Radio, is the shiiizz!
Thanks for posting on the road. I love the remote attendee options. should do this in 2012!
Great loss: RT Yes, it's true, my magazine, E&P, axed today, out of job. At office until end of year--and here, of course.
Proven. No use to try him out on the Cubs.
The coffee today tastes like I'm drinking water with cigarette butts floating around in it. Odd because I've never smoked a day in my life.
Happy new year ;D
Dear please don't leave without us were on our way!
My friend is looking for clients or venues to do his motivational speaking. Message me and I will give you his information.
Wow. Unbelievable.
Today I got two accountants' liability cases brought against our client dismissed. This is a good day :)
I'm not even safe from memories in my dreams.
The plumbers have arrived and are inspecting the shit magma coating the hillside. I'm glad I'm a writer.
&#9818; Protect Your Kids
Working on the new website, will launch it soon, the new stickyricks.net
TGIF! Hope everyone has a wonderful yoga filled weekend- we have 3 classes lined up!
I am so sorry Chirs! I will pray for you and your family and if you need anything you know my number!
i havent went on it for awhile. But everyone please follow!:)
Going to see the New Jersey Devils tomorrow night after work
What? No more SPAM? haha
Among our presenters - Sarah Newberry 'Never Alone with the Wind" - passion about sailing
N not having money is a rule of all evil LOL weezy
Thanks for stopping in today guys I great to catch up and network.
And another Spaniard buzzer btr in a Playoffs close-out game
Are you eating clean? 80% #nutrition and 20%
And Now We Murderers, Because We Kill Time, I Knock Her Lights Out, And he Still Shine
Waiting for wyatt to go to the senior project come on were latte!
When dedicating yourself to your business don't forget to to take time time for yourself.Vacations are not a privilege they are a necessity.
Thanks for coming in today for lunch!
what happened ?
Happy mother's day yall!
My heart is in severe pain
If you read the WSJ, Google Plus is on life support. Probably true, but #SEO brand extortion and company bonuses will keep it alive.
I know you see my tweets, you tell me to much of what I say.
Trent's heisman run
Think ima take a weekend off n head to the beach
"Playd" what phone do you have?
We'd be pretty damn cute together ;)
Really looking forward to the event today !
I can't believe they put that in the news, about a elderly Man,that he let a 49 scond FART in Church, said it was his medicine that did it!
I popped some melatonin and initially answered yours aloud.
It's that time again! Pizza today is Bacon, Ranch, Peppers, Chicken Pizza for $12.00. Free toasted ravioli just mention tweet!
hhaha:) oh that ones really good!! I agree<U+E328><U+E04A><U+E049>
um, did patti labelle just take her shoes off while performing, and did prince catch her heels?
K-Rec Opening Night at Maple Zone. Going to be wild
Vermes Army - we lost A battle but we are still ahead in the war. We Are Out To Win The League.
#ThanksToMyEX I can now tweet about #chadevans2 all day long! #wronglyconvicted in NH, what #injustice!
Guy next to me at the bar just said someone had to many drinks for a Sunday night you should go home party pooper! Its 2012 we stay partying
hey were all friends here
at the dentist. getting my mouth felt up by stranggaaaa's.
Oakley takes over Mammoth Mountain March 17-25! Make plans now, because Oakley Week has tons of events going on for shredders and skiers of…
here we go again..
Just started laundry to force myself to stay up working until 2.
i aint got nothing to roll this up with
what songs did she write?
should write nationally...for the enquirer.
RT : Nothing is more true "Experiential learning thrives on passion" — Chancellor Arnie Eisen
#Badgers lift "permission to contact" restrictions on ANY school outside the Big Ten. Uthoff had asked to contact 16 schools, 4 were denied
very serene pic and good for u for practicing #yoga while traveling! yay for yoga!
I was hoping you'd make it to Deleuze. Well played.
I should get my mom set up with video calls so she can see her chubby grandson in action. Not that there's much action yet.
2013 Haskins Prize Lecturer Robert Alter speaks on "The Pleasures & Perils of Translating the Bible" tomorrow
With my little cousin frankie playing with toys -.- like in 9 again :p
call me I got
I want some Bacon
damn. 2 15s win today. My bracket is shot.
I need a bf that loves a girl with a positive attitude and love to snuggle and kiss <U+E056><U+E057><U+E414><U+E405><U+E106><U+E418>
Isn't it ironic that the "anti-bullying crusader" bullied the dissenters?
some channel that ive never seen before called planet green? GRNHD? It makes no sense
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
Come back, internets. Come back. :(
Spending time with my family are
If ya'll are out & she smells of Axe body spray for women, wash your balls in the bathroom sink cause you'll be getting road head later.
Finally I have some good SDCC luck! RT : So scored us a killer hotel. Winners!
You are most welcome!
We are happy to welcome a new member to our Sales Team. Yazmin Alvarez (Jr. Sales). You can contact her at
Did I just drink a whole pot of coffee? Ok, like half.....
the difference between a winner and a loser is the winner plays until he wins... -krit
you won't catch a fish bigger than any I've caught ! Haha
You do not need a parachute to skydive. You only need a parachute to skydive twice.
Wow, sounds cool. I might apply and see how it works out. Thanks for the help.
They will. I am sure there are libraries in second life :)
We need to be advocates for our kids and for those who don't have anyone to speak for them
Ain't no way Brian Shaw shoulda went from LA assistant coach to Indiana assistant coach... He need to be somebody head coach
Whoo! Alright, I'm actually ready to be productive today! Even if the forecast claims storminess, I hold out hope for sunshine.
operates the NM office of , which has saved local clients an average of 23.6% since 2008.
putting his main priorities first
The parents cometh.
Bout to cut a isp to this joint stay tuned ppl.
First moment up for air all day. And it's 3pm. Now to wedge in actual work...
#finish I've finished, as soon as I locate where the beer is at on the N. Quad.
In Recruiting, players will be less than 1 star then instantly turn into to 4 stars after signing with a big time team.
“: Gray ready to spend another $350,000 in FY13 to manage Lincoln Theatre.”
#WhenIFirstJoinedTwitter I Didn't Have To Worry About Getting Followers , Mf's Started To Follow Me On The First Day.
ha I just saw ur tweet and I'm good u?
#Schiff, Cleopatra: A Life. One of the great things about book club is reading excellent books I'd never pick up, like this reinventing bio.
Details forthcoming on how you can help southern Indiana tornado victims just by stopping by for a drink.
#JoePA is gonna retire at the end of the season #whosgonnacoach!?
damn homie, well txt me dear. Oh n laptop, phone order for thailand hahahaha
Oh, sad. Glad you found the owner and your dog is healing...
“: Smashing 5am weights! Who else?” Sure did!!! Chest/Triceps
Today is such a #blessed day. Hundreds of Fern Creek Elementary students are here to pack meals for other kids in need.
happy b-day tori!
“: You can never have enough friends, so #follow ours! ”
space jam is so good it's ridiculous
porn wont put me to sleep though!
What's up Al? Still raining?
What IF I taught English like I teach drama? Work becomes a production - with an audience - with support - with feedback - clear goals
Poncho goblin mode.
Listening to Tastyface and eating Tastycakes.
ok, I'll be sure to come on monday. That's the last week before I'm out for 3 weeks
I'm looking fresh tonight
last thing I want to do is hurt you. But it's still on my list.
We never got it in SC, but I've seen it some here. The hot dogs are the first thing we've tried. I'll look for the sausage!
thanks for the #FF!
We hope you enjoyed our display of the "Real T Tradition" tonight, which of course is turning off a quarter of Tech Tower's neon lights.
Daddy loves you savior!
2 hours left til my knight appears in his White Honda Civic to take me to LAX>>>DEN for the Indie Spirit Film Festival!!!
“: "a microphone technician who worked the halftime, said the vocals were performed live over recorded music" whooda thunk?
Michalko summary: libraries need to leverage existing collections rather than collection development, both doomed and dead.
All Jack in the Box locations have them, supposedly.
the fb block button, the greatest invention of 21st century
Lakers better stop playing around, game 7s are delightful torture.
While these ARG characters are not classic AI/machines, they are mostly digital, not "real" representations. Hmm. #hcil brownbag
Thanks Happy Friday!
he can!
SO AWESOME having at the #ForTheRecord show tonight. Your energy was felt and so appreciated by me and the WHOLE cast. Love you!!!
nahh I won't be upset. Its quite funny. Just keep the shit off the net lmao!!!!!
Haha that makes no sense?
Did I tell you that I walked right past them filming that robotic dinosaur episode not knowing it was CSI (UNLV Arena).
Still doesn't make me like the fomer more. RT : Happening Now: Mitt Romney and Wolf Blitzer both like PB&J sandwiches.
Just got everything almost done Waiting on my mom to do my facial Ughh been stressed !/:
Indy star reporting, the best!
Wondering (again) about pursuing a career in Library Science. I'm not sure if maybe I just like the idea of going back to school...
Thanks for the RT!
Jack Evans is introducing legislation to close for a period of time an establishment that violates its Voluntary Agreement.
... I'm gonna go with #Dullahan. Solid horse, solid post position, solid jockey. Also like Union Rags to be in there. Will tweet exotics l8r
Sinus Relief Bath Salt and the Antibacterial Soap with Tea Tree Oil are now ready to go. One the shelf come and get it. 20 % off today
Listening to Explosions in the Sky makes studying a little less awful
All of the lights
Pandora Radio >
Yep. You can get analysis of up to 50 tweets from the past week for free anytime and as often as you like.
I love my mom
Chris Cameron quotes:... "The gold medal was icing on the cake, ... but the cake was real rotten!”
Keep working hard. Beach Volleyball is going to explode again. Good luck this season!
GM Pretty Ricky's
Selector Sam killin it right now damn.
Those are lucky bubbles :)
New season Tues
Honestly, you don't need to make a special pleading for sooner AS A PREFERENCE to later. By definition, sooner EXCLUDES later.
These are a few of my favorite things *sings*
Cleaning the house. Then it's to the kitchen to start Easter dinner preparations.
It's pretty quiet at the Detroit airport. A little too quiet, maybe. But the sandwiches are good.
Nice work.
9/14/2010 Annual technology symposium planned Santa Maria Times
We are hiring for summer drivers. If you have the ambition and heart to drive, email us at
Kerosene, Miranda Lambert
5 4 oh yeah north shore
Continue to prepare yourself for battle. Get or stay connected to a good bible-based church.
Congrats to Brett Butler (Houston office) who sold a $900K medical facility located in Temple, TX!
Love the energy and enthusiasm of Texas librarians.
#iwny press breakfast. Looking forward to Billy B!
tweet the link
Sure! I'll send you a friend request now....Irene
was writing today's date just now, 3-3-11 and got a very weird unsettling first thought, as if something wicked this way comes.
Not yet..but I know what I need to do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
So true!
Agreed. I really didn't start saying it until #LOST ended.
I've been staring at ' icon for almost 10 minutes now and I can't get over it... Lol
Add Emerson, Lake and Palmer and you'll really have a party.
Can I borrow your hazard city disc, please?!
funny ....and stressful:)
If you faint in the day of adversity, your strength is small...
Man i was so excited I man orgasomed.
I was just beaten up for taking a rest.Security certainly has tightened up at the snooker club lately.
Facebook guidelines say you can't put a marketing message in your timeline photo. Maybe that's why our posts don't post?
"She believed that each humble thing, if done worthily, might be touched by grace." --Caleb's Crossing, Geraldine Brooks
Glad you finally get to see FTSK! I play guitar for them. Check out COLOURS and see if we're good enough to be on you ipod :)
who are they? LOL
WHERE ARE THE KIWI FRUITS?
The #Bachelor shows up on TV, my Twitter feed fills up. With things other than 's latest book-by-tweet idea.
u getting the hang of it !? Looks like it
TY! So excited! RT : Congrats on your expansion news!! We love a success story!!!
Thanks for the follow, You look like a fun follow, too, so count me in.
Please hang on Auntie Debbie, your kids and grandkids need you. #I hatedeath
In my experience it's the only way of finding people who are actually *using* Path.
so excited i'm actually getting to go to disney world this year. i miss my 3rd home so much, even if it's only been a year.
I'm doing an art project about you.I'm drawing your music,and t-shirts i have and what my mum said when i wanted to go see you live
tonight or in general?
TO WHAT IS WASHINGTON REFERRING TO WHEN HE STATES, “THE GOVERNMENT SOMETIMES PARTICIPATES IN THE NAT…
yeah :)) I hope you do!
thank for the follow
your awesome cuz u were my 300th follower =D
Where do you guys want to see us play?!
The book lau thinks I checked out was located in the stacks at the Qatar campus.
i like vodka, so what?
Learn Bodybuilding with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
For the sake of clarity: The UWM Grind (Union location) is not affected by the reported "plumbing failure."
“: I'm 92% sure my professor has a front butt ” That's a real shame...
Headed to Guitar Center to get a new Acoustic Guitar. Going to play a #Fender DG200SCE and see if that's the one for me.
Playoff Beards starting to itch? Too Bad!
Trying to get through the conflicting opinions on Do you eat there with a #peanutallergy?
i no miss those days
yayyyyy! We think we love you!
Oh darling, won't you stand, stand by me.
I'm sorry I like to share things that make me laugh. My bad.
Oh my gosh!!!!!!! I actually scored 102 points on 1 turn in 'Words With Friends" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Keempee de Leon is hoping the original "Iskul Bukol" trio Tito, Vic, and Joey will have a guest appearance in the remake version
Like the tweet, Thanks :)
Merry Christmas Drunkards!
y'all are cute lil friends
no BACKSTREET no question
The new Costco is at 1401 Mall Drive. Across Koger Center Bld from Chesterfield Towne Center.
SURF Report: 4/29/11 Pacific Beach 4-6 ft shoulder high to 1 ft. overhead fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Edge of Darkness on TNT ...Definitely #kickassfiction!
EAPH GOING FAST
I do not want to get up and shower....maybe I can rock the dreads look? haha
my human hit my line asap
On my way to acting class. Tonight monologues, backstory and subtext. any suggestions for a monologue?
yuup ;p RT watch out now ;p
is wondering if she can get through an entire weekend without TV or internet...not including my iPhone...hm guess that answer is no.
Wow. RT : Toronto welcomes our guests to Int'l #Greenbuild conference Oct 4 to 7. 25,000 delegates from 115 countries attending!
that sounded really bad...in the back, LOL it still hurts but
12 turnovers in the first half can't win if we turnover the ball
Excited 2 get AAU season going this wkend in Lax! The TW program has so much depth right now. Put r top 30 kids vs anyone elses anywhere!
I find it very strange that people hang Dream Catchers from their rear view mirrors...
Quality and quantity. 100+ construction jobs & 250+ new jobs at a site where no jobs currently exist in south San Diego.
Tierney asks: what trust factors must be in place fir us to discard journals, relying on others' holdings? Big heads
Jesus freaks
definitely listen better in ALL CAPS!!!!
the friend zone is not a good place to be
YES! RT : Coincidentally nice to be flying with and out to MSP representing in NYC, get it done.
thanks! It should be a good day/weekend with
baning some big gignatic...great concert
This memorial is the saddest thing I have ever seen.
two and a quarter. :)
En route to the "Reconstruct East North Avenue Community Open House" at the National Great Blacks in Wax Museum! Excited to attend!
At Palmetto Bay Business Association luncheon
Thanks! We are expecting snow! I should have stayed in Dallas..
Some girls get a haircut after a breakup. You get a motorcycle
Free pancake breakfest!
yimmy - HBO on-demand is under "premium subscriptions" on FIOS' on-demand section of your DVR
ok, so basically 1 last night of teaching than an entire summer to set the record straight
I can't wait until you have like a million subs on YouTube and I can be all like, "Well ya know, she follows me, no biggie."
It's official #TheAvengers is straight up LEGIT!!! & 2 post movie clips!!!
Thanks, James. I'm glad you are around. You definitely need to come and check out the show. Did you check out the website?
Sunny,Hot,Beautiful weather<U+2764>
Im not gone...not really. Youve still got my love &my friendship, thatll never leave :)
Glad our #UCTour guests saw it! RT $100,000,000 was reached for #RelayforLife at UC! Thank you to everyone that participated
Haha. It's a good way to be for a short time man. RT : Just sitting on my bean-bag chair, eating Cheetos.
From Raw Roulette to Sin City SmackDown
Gotta love me some #TimeSquare :):)
It only sucks if yo let it suck.
DCA -> ATL -> BHM post #mhs11 #mHealth Summit 2011. Looking forward to #Ben&Jerry's ice cream in ATL and to getting home.
Auditioning for Shows To Go with
no iPhone necessary, you can find Antengo on Android too! Whatever suites you best :)
Judge a man by his questions rather than his answers
yea. And yea the cut out What do u want from the store for tomorow I'm going soon? And r we havin a sleepover tomorow
rip to your bro homie. Sorry hear about your loss..
iam following her !
This is a terrific AB by LaHair. Hopefully he can cash in - BB
I am so inspired
Really #chelseafc ? You couldn't help out and take care of business against an inferior #liverpoolfc ?
If im louder, would you see me? Would you lay down, and put your arms around me<3
Enterprise apps to bring bespoke BACK FROM THE DEAD
Playing cod.
Brad Paisley in 2 weeks, CANNOT wait!
I <3 it!! Want to move to Naples!!
Dude's complaining about how he "could make just as much at a law firm". Guess he's just so selfless, he's doing Gods work at Goldman!
Fuckit. The GOP should just give Santorum the nomination. He wouldn't have a chance of standing up to Obama/
#DrakeCriesWhen he hears those
S/o to the beautiful
is she going to again?!
Hate ... it's like nougat
love #gin, makes me feel British, does loading dock or canton market stock ?
sorry Colin, system seems a little overwhelmed tonight, we're working on it!
Marginalia on old meeting agendas includes characterizing someone "an absolute rat". Prob. not meant for posterity.
My ears are ringing. Hi there! Sad to be missing #leadershipchat w/the fab Flying solo 2nite :(
Sending Alexa pictures of my cat's vagina because that's what normal boyfriends do.
Its my birthday....22 years old....I'm excited!!
J, I'm praying for you! All four is us need share time when you get back. Can't wait to hear!!! Love you both.
Lots of calls about bikes today! Spring must be arriving!
RT To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream; not only plan, but also believe.
unfortunately, i have a conflict at that time. thanks for including me...hopefully it will work out next time.
as a fan and alum, thank you for ridding wku of Matt kilcullen jr. #hire SeanWoods
My apologies if anyone got any spam tweets sent from account. The spambots had conspired against me.
Practicing gratitude
lemme know whose still doin graphics, i need emails & info I have people needin work done!!!!!
Suppose to be in the upper 40's and sunny next week in Wisconsin. Time to get the bikes out.
well hop on and start riding!
haha xD my mom says he sings cute and shes cuban and doesnt speak english xD
#HistoryofBadIdeas: 1934 Coast Pilot advises mariners to apply oil to open water "for modifying the effect of breaking waves" (!!)
RT : Nothing lasts forever, so live it up, drink it down, laugh it off, avoid the b.s., take the chances and never have...
#fabolouslife i just took a two hour nap , now im on my break
RT : B4 u ask for a bus. loan know exactly how many $$ u need, what 4 & how you'll pay it back CABank&Trust (client)
When we go out we'll be crazy ....that's the guys said Crazy women
Stupid autocorrect ! I said hell not he'll
went to Chicago and did it right. Went to Al's and had one hot and wet. He didn't even get any on himself!
now its austin's cover of Let Me Be Myself - 3 Doors Down
Hahaha serenading me while I eat lunch
whats your favorite movie?:P
Visiontech Thank you for your follows!
Who the fuck is gonna take me to #Homecoming??? -___- I wanna go so badly!!!
he jumps up
are you closed today? I really want some soup :(
yay! Can't wait to hang out more at
Good morning! It's a great day to LiveSpeakLove...what are YOU going to do to make today count?
thank u brother! Long time comin! Now we gotta start lookin into apartments! Lol
Sitting on edge.......when I should b focussing on Thanksgiving praise....
Saw a massive rainbow today. It seemed so close to us you could almost touch it. Hawaii is amazing.
So full.. But i must eat dessert..
mi amore wish u all the best 2nite
...Anticipating your music flooding our US airwaves.
I hear you, but again, you've lost me, because they basically pay the bills in mean and catty and shitty and cruelty.
Celebrating 22 bday!!! Happy Two-Two!!!!
I found weisswurst without problems. Challenge accepted.
I also live in Houston and love to traverse the blue highways. I love your writing and passion
Book Signing by Author and former NFL Player of the New England Patriots, Elgin Davis for more info go to www.fosterbuddies.com/events
Congress is ruining my productivity at work #TellCongress End Piracy
LOVE U MARIE...WE R COMMING OUT 2 VEGAS AT THE END OF MAY...SO HOPING U AND DONNIE R DOING UR SHOW THEN.....!!!!
Making an announcement today .... #whatcoulditbe?
I am a selfish lady. I want the window seat.
#Crosby told #Letterman no thanks? Read why this is bad for the #NHL here - ussportspages.com
Really wanna watch hunger games.
All u can eat pancakes for $7 @ applebees in castle rock #winning Duh
Why? Because it'll showcase a beautiful moment of a family connecting with their deceased daughter <U+2665>
I got it on and ready to watch!
Besides...u r in kansas.
Anyone else see & yesterday? Come by the booth ad check out the new line. It's tight.
Hey thanks for the follown u were hell on that california love wit crooked. please check my music out! www.reverbnation.com/gstatus
Had a similar convo w a friend who teaches cinema at UCLA re other perspective & he can't think of anyone other than Simon
Remember, the difference between a boss and a leader... A boss says "Go" A leaders says "Let's go"
you should make an appearance at Jana Kramer's album release party in Nashville on June 7th...
Populate your finding aid container lists with unique keywords and avoid lengthy series descriptions- mullet style- session 3
Thanks!! I'm really excited and I LOVE D.C.
Just got the poster board for petroffs project and I really don't want to do it
A big breakfast after 4 by 2k
I was on that committee this year. It's a great committee!
the holidays were good, over now! How was yours? HAPPY NEW YEAR
tell yu tomorrow
Let our New Year's resolution be this: we will be there for one another as fellow members of humanity, in the finest sense of the word.
omg .... X_x that was horrible !
... as opposed to just having the girls tourney go to Green Bay for 2013 and 2014? Issue of gender equity in question, as noted by
The only problem with that game plan is that Ross is just as big a problem - He's clueless
Make listening to your customers part of your company culture - Warren Whitlock.
Great meeting with Excited about working together to support
dc metro riders: is there any advantage to using the farragut orange-red xfer instead of going to metro center?
Braving 66 in a few to head out to address the fighting Loudon County Dems.
Happy to hang with my girl ;)
i see that ''s money'' guy is a hater
saving characters!
lol so serious. do i kno u from somewhere?
Maybe if you'd do more things that involve me, I'll do Ore things that involve you. Until then, shutup please. :)
Warrior Gun Safes set to release (5) New Gun Safe Models. Please go to www.warriorgunsafes.com if you would like to become a dealer!
OMFG HOW IS IT EVEN POSSIBLE FOR A HUMAN BEING TO BE SO DAMN SEXY?! I CAN'T EVEN. JUSTIN IS A SEX GOD
so smart to! Please tell me you are a barney fan?!
#onSept11 I drove nonstop from CA to NY with friend and Broadvision colleague Bill Zujewksi. God bless all
We will broken-bat-infield-triple you ALL NIGHT LONG
Gain free technology tips and insights for your small business. Join Building Bridges for Business () and social media speaker,…
A lil sick with it tho.. but Ready
Discuss managing on-going relationships with current & potential customers including the trust factor.
Not really a hockey fan but my tv been on this bruins capitals game for a while now
Indianapolis Colts 3/4 ' ‘I Heart Logo ’ Enamel Pendant – Sterling Silver Jewelry
have fun bro! Any ideas on your next school? Like top options?
but better then paying high ass bill.
twitter: should I do a 10 day juice fast?
thanks! I'll make that suggestion!
i can never explain myself without someone asumming things -_-, whatever.
I miss the days when life was simple!!!
Hope everyone has an awesome weekend!
when is it over?
She produces with me...
I would tell her off if I was you.
We are following you. We sent you a message before. Please follow back. We would love to keep in touch with you. Thank you!
I was like,"the hot jock from that show! you look better on mad men!" he was also on this show on wb called young Americans...
that happened to me when Wayne's world was playing at the gym haha
#Teamwork makes the dream work.
Wait on court as usual...
Reflection: filmmaking process an interesting phenomenon...u create a story, hopefully raise $, hire actors & crew and hope they all deliver
Do you have outstanding features inside the home? Do the utmost to highlight these,DON'T just hope the buyer understands what they are!
I wanna marry someone really funny
Tonight! DIVA also has the Photography & Live Art Show!
no...but thanks for ignoring my other tweet. youre such a doll
you people are delusional
Dear best friend, I thought you should know that I miss you and all the laughs we used to have. I wish our friendship wasn't fading.
for wat g
The angel falls in Venezuela are nearly 20 times taller than Niagara Falls.
...as intrigued as I am, that hint was about as subtle as a banana cream pie to the kisser.
I'm hairy
Big Ben. Steelers D can step forward, just can't backpeddle.
you should here what she says about u at home. You two need to play nice.
Don't forget Josh Wilson can play left field!
+1 : "To APIs and IPAs" #pod at after meeting drinks in Cambridge
I'm scared to take my morning poo. It's so windy!
If you going to argue your point, I welcome that, but have some damn facts to back up your argument.
Ima Beat it, Beat it up up up up up up up,
One hour till landing at #TEDActive!
loll idk yet
I dont even stress off of what aint mine :)
The Twitter Cash Coach is ROCKING!...
AH OMG IS FOLLOWING ME (her username looks kinda familiar)
merry Christmas!!! Love you.
Tired of these young black gay dudes with nasty, extremely feisty attitudes!!!
of course
The latter being the most painful RT : a weekend of Nyquil, Mucinex, and Marion Barber, I owe it to myself to have good week
You may say you listen and u maay hear what i say but do u really listen
There is one! Facebook.com/petersparty - thanks for the heads up, we'll get on the fix.
God, God, God, #please!
6 of 1, half dozen of another : )
remember when we were yelling things to Chris & his dad was like right there lol awks.
Where the parties at tonight? Tell us! Tweet and tag it with "#hipstervegas"
So good to know you had a goog time! love you sis! i'll send you my new number by dm, ok? :) i'll call u so we can go shopping!
I've always been too scared to go. You are brave.
pretty much!
Shes a wild one in bed RT : NF Miss because of her gorgeous appearance in
how's olivia doing? I miss you guys so much! I'm coming down soon!
Good Afternoon Warriors, just a couple more days till Spring Break!
Thanks to everybody who came out this weekend for New Year's Eve! We had a great time and hope you did too.
Amy could be pregnant again!! Omg
Off to the for a reception in honor of the Membership has benefits!
Attn #apartmentaboveme it's 11pm on a sunday and blaring your music is going to do nothing but further piss me off.
TONIGHT!!! come to our CD release! We play with ABQ Boys Choir, Small Game, , !! 21+ Free CD $7
Wow! English Premier League is intense!
thanks! I am a big Mid Major and MVC fan and love the story of how one guy at that level can change the game!
Thanks Luke! ( :
#vsa2011 not just dinosaurs! Learning about their Urban Advantage program & partnerships.
It's the best parts of the 90s and today. Coolest city in the world.
Testing to see if this updates LinkedIn.
Guy in motor chair filling his old school wooden pipe with tobacco
So glad it was busy at Great job!!
OMG that's not what was planned POed
Modest is hottest.
“: needs to get their asses to Lexington to play a show ASAP.” as you wish!:)
A rash of violence breaks out over the weekend. Charlottesville police bust 10 people. Details on 19 News Nightcast after Hawaii 5-0.
I know and a lot of people think Ben's hotter even though they're both perfect. Idegi. I feel so bad for him sometimes.
You were funny and thought provoking - thanks! Enjoyed the preso
Tonight's movie on ABC Family's "25 Days of Christmas" is....."Harry Potter"??? Is that because Dumbledore kind of resembles Santa?
two solid wins this weekend by the Commonwealth Academy boys varsity team heading into the playoffs. looking forward to continuing the run.
Me, too. Headed off to Afghanistan in a few months. For the third time. :-/
let's do this ladies!
"You play ball like a girl!"
It does... but honestly, everything is passing. It helps to see it that way.
oh my!!! Scary
With the predicted high wind Monday watch where you park. Portable basketball goals can tip over & tree limbs breaking off.
Growth means stretching ourselves beyond where we have been.
Havent been on Twitter in a while
The contest is over right
Friend is looking at starting a business where they'd need food catered at each event. Any good, low cost catering ideas?
I think I might be too afraid of that one. I've seen people get sucked in, never to be heard from again.
That chai latte might not have been the greatest thing in the world to consume, but it's given me the energy to run!
I like some of Fripp & Eno's stuff. I really like Cluster & Eno.
Just found a Lizard inside of our house. Looks like we officially have to move.
VERY impressed with #iPhoneApp feedback. Useful stuff!
3 am ... Espresso effect still on! Any other night owls out there? My only hope is you are in London woman!! Manifiéstate!!
Talking to while she eats is pretty much how I would imagine talking to Chewbacca would be like. I. Somehow. Still. Understand.
“: Well i guarantee you the #moneyteam will not let you down” Of cours! 43-0
I'm adding you to my list of twitters/tumblrs/facebooks on teampf (tumblr)! Do you have a tumblr?
I'm going to be in town tomorrow - I can bring you some eggs if you want.
Thanks so much for your strong support and encouragement through the years.
The Devil Inside. Well, this should be fun.
I have never even seen the movie before i wanna see it wanna come with me and my friends this weekend?? plz it would be fun <3
Bizarre circus. That's where my bar surface
Cover up ..
great to meet you. You know my wife's company
A sky fulla Lighters....
Gorgeous Tiles!
Eww , someone was smelling heller musty in first period .
Nothing is better than when a person you adore... is marrying another person you adore! Congrats to Lindy/Javi, Mo/Gordon, and Ash/Sal! xx
my knee feels all types of fucked up
vicks vapor rub all on me, looking real gross right now :(
Belden Stratford is located in Chicago, IL and offers amazing hotel rooms and apartment homes for rent!
I love how numerous "experts" pick Wisconsin to lose to Montana. UW only went out and won by the biggest margin of any team so far.
NO! Taking the GRE in August. I am not skilled in math so I'm starting review now #1plus1equals3?
there are hundreds and thousands of themes out there, watcha looking for?
We received the greatest complement this week, a visitor called us "the people's museum". Yay us!
because my friend insulted me
RT A4 call me old fashioned, but word of mouth, quality products, solid customer service bring me to Main Streets
Who wants some Albuquerque Sci Fi Expo brochures for their business??? :o)
I'm done.
Finishing Lost is like saying goodbye to someone who maybe should have gone long ago. A relationship you had to see through.
So do we RT : Thanks for the great tweets from the
Then I wake up and realize, that this is real life :)
The chairs n this waiting room r 2 tall & my feet r dangling. I seriously cant b this short. Considering sitting at the kids activity table
Grab a friend. Whether your set-up is relaxed or structured, a friend can bring support and accountability to any workout plan.
omg me too :(
": Happy Mothers Day Bev! Thanks.Brian .:). Xoxo's
feel better cody :)
Phone-less until 5pm. Left it in the car. BF went to work w/ it :(
Amazing book! Loved it and going to put it to use right away.
We already registered and bout air tickets! See you there!
Happy Hump Day! Rocks-Off is at the Castle today working with our associate on product training. 2 giveaways later today.
great to see you, too!
i guess im gonna kall nit a nite..... i feel the glad bags under mi eyes
For wedding flowers, choose flowers that are in season and grown locally.
I salute you dude
yea i just generalized that its a more useful feature to reduce shine/reflection than increases pixel density to make it crisper.
Way to throw your gender under the bus! You radio types are thick as thieves. #
In Chicago on May 18? Jonah Lehrer, author of Imagine: How Creativity Works will speak at the Pritzker Auditorium, Washington Library at 6PM
Alyza Lewin rises to defend Spinoza in closing arguments. The "red lines" of yesterday are not the red lines of today.
RT : Two safeties who could rise in this year's draft are Arkansas State's Kelcie McCray and South Carolina State's Christian...
*lauren and my phone is upstairs, i'll call you back in just a second!
And on my 7963rd day alive, I had an awesome day.
did they see?
Is actually looking forward to the marathon month of grad school auditions.
African leaders, some with questionable human rights records--yet to recognize NTC in #Libya. Why they are dancing around issue is stunning
Everyday I am surprised at how thick people can be. Seriously would have thought I'd know better by now.
Big day in SF! The 's on ESPN, Mashable, and Venture Beat! Leaving for Israel tomorrow!
Just cooked for the whole house, and didn't eat myself now it's nap time
David is flying his toy helicopter outside and laughing like a little kid. I have a man-child for a father.
- even the booby prize has a booby prize lol
Life is mine now. P.S am selfish ;)
#Obamaforgot his family's secret dog marinade.
Tip of the day: you can find lots of useless information on the internet.
Love is blind. Friendship tries not to notice. - Anonymous
Take responsibility for your actions and stop blaming the other person.
I don't really let shit get to me but once you get me mad, I WILL go off on you & you'll wish you never made me mad.
Glad you are enjoying, & we're thrilled to have RT : Adrian Gostick is fantastic and funny!!!
Putting finishing touches on NNES/Error/Ideology paper for Penn State; realizing finishing touches really means "better read this again."
it's Martin Luther king jr day
Preparing for a #flipping paintball war with #flips or bloods but someone's getting painted.
When is she filming the next Charlies Angels?
Just saw a Penn State winter coat on the street covered with trash and crap and looking very sad.
Marble or limestone?
Attendance 770,932, the highest since 2005 RT : When do you expect to release attendance numbers?
For all those interested...the Right To Life rally is at the State Capital from 12-1pm today.
I'm so old, I remember when Weezer was awesome.
they better step it up....
No, i'd probably say more like from DWTS but a little more latin flair.
so why am I wide awake at 830am on my first day of summer?
Reading is quite relaxing, actually
Merry Xmas! Listening to USC Annenberg student Brian Lauritzen's magnificent show on Handel's first Concerto.
r u back in Cali?
Hold on....Boosie free?
what ?!?! Consider your cherry popped ! Let's go !
Put a smile on your face(:
Just worked through a bank account connection issue with support. Great experience. Nice example of a customer focused startup!
semi, semi I just wanted confirmation
that's not true!
yeah one sec.
i like tha nose ring
Thanks for following me! :) Ditto for you!
Coffee and Pop-Tarts in the afternoon!
Good morning :)
#first40songsonshuffle 20. all time low - damned if i do ya (damned if i don't)
#ImHappyWhen I make money
Feeling good feeling great ^_^
why u no follow me?
That is such a sad story. Worse are the jokes in the comments about a child who was being victimized.
I say ditch Lin and use mid level on Nash
lol. im so ugly when I cry.
Cleveland media reporting that Lebron could return to the "It would be great to play in front of these fans again" he said. Um...what.
your middle name must be like your joke "stu pid"
..but do you get in trouble for your dogs...i seem to
Just a warning.. I may undergo a DJ name change soon....why? because DJ Jon_M is kind of lame. Anyone have any DJ name suggestions??
we need a man's point of view
Almost time for work
Tough tough night , can't give the guys enough props..
I shouldn't't have to hide all of my POS in the trunk of my car in fear that a Bar Fly will follow me outside.Or for that sake a Bar Manager
i forgot about this letter aw;) rips it up an burns it on fire
Are you a #tarot reader? Do you use a specific deck for different questions, i.e. love, career, etc? Let us know!
Cowboy quarterback Tony Romo has a golf handicap of +2.1 which means he's better than a scratch golfer. #bpg2012. Huh. Who knew?
Well I guess consultants can decline consults.
Motorcycle cops all over thornydale & ina again! Watch out!
Humble thanks Sir! You are such a fab twittersupporter! Peace!
Where did u come back from?
from one Bear to another - thanks for connecting on Twitter!
Joe Paterno R.I.P.
thanks. i'll have to give that a try :]
RT : Shouts to all the peeps that came down to or we're already there. I was on cp time.
His golf bag does not contain a full set of irons. ~ Robin Williams
Thanks! It's all Wordpress.
horrible for 55 mins, but beats a bad team at the buzzer?
RT : BE AFRAID.
S/O to for the follow I'm returning the favor with #ATX LUV homie!!
Leake's lucky long leggings!
James and the Heat have their work cut-out for them without Bosh.
"thanks," "thanks for what?" " for being a bitch" #jake&amir <U+E404>
#raw10 U r Ghetto: if u use gro store plas bags as: suitcases, a belt, dental floss, hair protector, sink stopper, doorknob trash bins,etc.
we had a blast, thanks for hosting!
Day 9 of #BlackIsBack2012, which means it's MURDER IN THE LATIN QUARTER day. Hold onto your baguettes, it's about to get real.
As if anyone needed another restaurant startup idea... I could really use a conversion tool. SF's version of Chicago's Athenian Room is ___?
Gulf shore blvd and countless Naples memories.
Virginia Association of Community Banks Endorses CSI’s Web Portal Solutions
Go follow this Amazing Mahomie right now & shes really Pretty... So follow her.(: <3
if you are in need of continuing education classes visit www.coecontinuingeducation.com
Damn near unwatchable.
#Its2012WhyYouStill wear glasses with no lenses---> to me thats some ugly sh*t--->As teens/kids call them "Nerd Glasses"
I look like an asshole now, and everyone's gonna think of me as a bad person.
#ThatOnePersonInSchool That I See & Smile Like An Idiot ^-^ <3
thats my point don't he declared himself something he wasn't yet. And then cried foul when we held him to it.
Someone cook for me!!
Trying to get a new phone. This will be unsuccessful.
word; u Fam then we shuld chill ?
Please follow! :) #RNGeezie right here! :D or should i say #ICONicRNGeezie ;) PLEASE?
why not
i watch the new shake it up
bro what up woo woo woo you know it
5 Tips for Moving Social Media Leads Into the Sales Funnel
All students should come into EWC Carmel and get waxed!
Hey, I kind of liked "Midnight In Paris." Then again, I was an English major.
paranoid is what you are
Heading to the #IGDA #GDC party at 1015 Folsom. Say hi if you're going! I'll be the one with the BlueLine down the middle of his shirt! ;)
I'd love to attend -- is it happening in NYC or SF?
I finally have a clean car <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#skincream RT : Anybody else find it intriguing that #JuliaRoberts and the #StatueOfLiberty share the same birthday?
Obstacles dont haveto stop youif you run into a wall dont turn around and give up.Figure out how to climb it go through it or work around it
Enjoy your weekend !!
Listen at 7:43 to WIN tickets to see Hunter Hayes at House Of Blues!
Ah yes!
Paul Romer has it right on engineers. So does the WHCouncil on Jobs and Competitiveness.We need more. Lots more. #aspen ideas
just hit the hour mart
yeah me too...
Lol. Tis so true. Play like I'm trying to keep my tour card! :) couldn't respond to your msg for some reason...
"It is not worth an intelligent man's time to be in the majority. By definition, there are already enough people to do that." - G. H. Hardy
That would make us sad! :(
Hello there, bunnies Thanks for the follow!
yes! i got the day off so im staying all day there!! :D you?
Thank you for this tweet! Well said! (tweeted :) )
You should send them that photo of you wearing Batten shirt on Mt Kilimanjaro!
Brandon Snyder, 3-run homerun. Now has 5 RBI on the night against his former team
Holiday Tip #2, once you have decided how you want your holidays to look like, next you must set a budget before you begin shopping.
what! Wow I'm so jealous :)
Likewise. I had to scramble at the end to get to MKE. Fun seeing you last night at dinner. We'll talk soon, I'm sure.
#BofA2012 shareholders go through light screening before can get in line; being let inside ~10 at a time; screened again inside.
you're the best. Thank you
Shout "When I'm done" DOPE. Baby face-esque! Ha
Its the most wonderful time of the year! Getting rid of Griff Bucks season! HMU friends!
Driving a fleet of salt trucks right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Anybody want to talk?
Sappy bitch
Then say u love somone else smh really.
U at venus... any situation there is probably a clowning twitpic
Fuck this traffic
Gtfo of here
You should be more concerned that you record your guitars in garageband amp simulators
lol then I'm gonna teach you lol
woo!! *high fives*
To whom that much is given, much is required.
I am sorry I won't see you, will be spending my first holiday with the new in laws this yr. xox
New blog post on art storage project coming soon; look for clever, economical ways to safeguard your art
Macrina states #VCU Research is "open for business". Embracing opportunities to create products for commercialization and partner w/industry
The AD at Arkansas did what most of our Facebook friends said he should and fired Bobby Petrino.
A hint to go to bed is when the kindle shuts itself off so on that note goodnight!
In soo much pain D':
I'm in
Congratulations to for being honored with the National Service Advocacy Award
how's workouts
MOS WANTED CREW, RATED NEXT GENERATION & ELECTROLYTES <U+2665>.<U+2665> shdafkjsafhkjfshdnfaksfhnsdkjafahdsnfaujkds.
Hahaha in a public restroom right now & some dude just started singing 's Holiday, in a high pitch voice & everything. So funny!
TY! and did a fab job! RT : excited 4 and to make their TV debut!!!
hey are you going to put the #Kickball Championships brackets back on the website?
You're welcome Sandor. I'm a real estate attorney here in Miami. If I can assist you or clients please let me know.
yes you can go 2 the website....audacitysouth.com
I should lie and tell her it isn't all ages!
because she related to me! Duhh lmao
This is an official statement from Chauncey Black of Blackstreet..Teddy Riley and myself have just signed Glenn Adams as an official member.
Thanks for Re-Tweeting the Relay for Life Car Wash. We are really hoping for a huge turnout.
There's a certain divine truth to intricacy...
No program in particular. But thank you!
I'm not late that's you !
Thanks for your donation !
I went to sleep just now getting up!!
I had the weirdest dream last night....what was it trying to tell me
auction at with I THINK YES! Stay tuned ABQ
#Coconut water, you taste so god!
love you for this tweet =)
hey Todd, thanks for the follow.
is in! RT : bombs next time
Ask and you shall receive, seek and you will find, knock and the door will be opened. Matthew 7:7
Read The Intro To The MOST Anticipated Book Of The Year...... www.nickywooten.com
I watched it and i actually thought his speech was pretty simple, straight forward, and inspirational!
Indeed! as they say in theaters, "Walk, don't run in case of emergency" - much more important to get it right.
Would LOVE to see NRO's! Do you have any to share? We're doing another flickr collage...
I'm excited to be performing with you at the IPL Opening .
I just don't understand.. we find a way to LOSE to BARCA no matter what huh?! Any team we can beat EXCEPT for THEM
Finding some quick food, then off to the studio. :-)
We have #fallentoaspirit here at the Scott house this #WhitneyWeekend. "I Will Always Love You"
i'd ask y...but I definitely kno ur answer...wat u up2?
Shoot its like I mentioned somebody was pitching a no-hitter. RT you tweet too soon :-(
Thinking about taking up golf in the off season. You never know who you might run into. Maybe someone who’d play golf if he couldn’t play QB
Obsessed with my iPad
Hey bruh, I haven't forgot about you man! I'm still workin! Just taking my time Fam.
One lady fell through the gap almost hurt herself
Is it weird that I keep smelling my hair since I used the hotel shampoo today? It smells minty.
Happy Birthday !
In a room with grown men drooling. Andrew wiggins just destroyed this game....dunks on dunks on dunks
Found my keys.. yay!
ahahaha! I'm here!!
Not tht I want to be alone, it's just I can't be lied to & dogged out by the same crowd. Something must change.
Laugh my ass off!!
#IGotNoRespectForYou , Kobe Bryant. I Saw You TAKE The Ball From One Of Your Own Teammates . Tf, Share, Your Good But Its Ur Team Lol
ppl at work is so excited about me turning 21
#HA She blocked me on Facebook. Silly people.
As I said before, I never repeat myself
Twitter was working , now lagging . WTF >_< Virginia <333
Moe I got like 3 follower I need to catch up I late
Got u RT “: yo don't forget my northface tomorrow”
we just got graded from and their interface is new and sleek. we like. Plus we're a 98.9
Who remembers Oscar?
#thatawkwardmoment when Jessica Simpson tells you her baby girl's name is Maxwell Drew.
Starbucks has the Onward book @ 50%-you only pay $13 and they give you a free $5 gift card-awesome last minute gift!
Ok, so a quick 20 minute nap can easily turn into a 4 hour nap. At least now I have the motivation to get my homework done.
Ate too much at happy hour. Was good though...
Whatever it is ... this too shall pass ... I'm praying for the two of you! xxoo
God made mud, God made dirt, God made country boys so girls can flirt ;)
you're welcome..?
Will do. RT : k get fucked
I'm off to Nassau, Bahamas
Walmart at valley stream, New York is the worst ever.No traffic control,crowd control NOTHING!<U+2620>
Success often requries help. It is interesting that often those we expect to help us don't...help often comes from unexpected sources.
<U+FFFD>If your social strategy relies on advertising in social media, it<U+FFFD>s probably better to hang on to your money
Has been hacked by alyssaaaaa!!!!!(:(:
RT Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~Abraham Lincoln
Have I mentioned how much I love homework? Yup.
I wanna go see Wicked!
A B2B Marketer's Guide to Great Facebook Pages
that awkward moment when you're unsure whether your friend is laughing or crying
5bdrm 3full bath house in my hood 140k you guys should move here #Vegas no state income tax
#MissedCalls do me
#RestlessCity got me all energized. Need. To. Direct. Stat!
Tday is the day! Crazy release party tnite, single supposed to hit some outlets at 12 am, video going live even earlier at 10:30 pm est
PLEASE CONTACT IMAGINARY TALENT FOR AUDITION INFORMATION.
Maryland makes history! Equality is a beautiful thing.
14 mins till I we get off and go to the crib
Good Am Shout out to my New Followers
Looking back @ the past year... Lost everything in a business when the economy took a dive. Now starting a new one & facing more challenges
#ransom #SoCal So nice to finally meet you! I've been hearing stories about the great Iwanaga since 2005!
: awesome. Let's be free of our drama and never cling to it again. Thanks for the RT.
#NeverShouldYouEver Feel Like Your In Competition When You're In A Relationship With Someone
you mean he has more choices than completely bald by 30?!?
i say its amazing
"you went from cute to cancer in about 2 minutes." - M
Indeed, it's cool.
Bad bitches like me are hard to come by.
Almost 500 followers. Thanks for the interest everyone..
I will go great lengths to make sure you know you are the center of my universe.
For the next two hours i will be saying farewell to one of of favorite shows ever. Goodbye One Tree Hill
I've just discovered #MIKA. Please tell me other people know this amazing man.
NO FUCKING WAY??
surprisingly yes
follow the top home town newspaper writers & twit links for specific teams
Also, congratulations to all the runners in the Pittsburgh marathon. Beautiful day for it I see, wish I could have been there.
Being around hipsters is bad enough. Being bossed by hipsters..... A hard shot to the pride.
ah that's a good idea. I can't believe how much paper he comes home with! It's hard to decide what to keep
In my opinion, there is not "best type" of brushes, usually cheaper brushes are not as durable
Porsche Reports April Sales - Sacramento Bee
Okay a samurai umbrella? Amazing...
FML right now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Indeed my Bro! Nice ya See ya!
please follow me cause i will #NSN! and there will only ever be #Onetime when you follow me and today could be it x 41
well let me know how much the tickets are
Deserve new water. RT : Old flames...
I like the "cleaning my glasses" approach myself RT News alert! Americans using other side of street to avoid talking to people!
Is that b/c he makes gifts instead of buying them? RT : Santawitz Clausenstein RT : Santa was actually Jewish
Ur like jordans on a saturday I gotta have u and I cant wait
Well it's from 7:55-2:20. That's basically our normal like last year. Tech just puts 20 more minutes there to fuck with you all.
design some stuff for us? Yeah!
New Cause: Get HERS scores on the Multiple Listing Services. Who is with me?
#Nf hey thanks for watching the show tonight fb!
Last 8 am breakfast with and
I've invested far too much money into one Triathlon. I thought I was a marathon runner. Cheaper! let us get tires this weekend!
Oh well he/she is in a better place now <3
you keep thinking that :)
Wye Oak's Civilian is my new favorite song thanks to The Walking Dead. Cannot get it out of my head.
How many boys how many girls?
Thanks for the RT. I hope you can visit the Rose Compound again one of these days! The last Old Chub beer is saved for you...
The Corporate Team Building Event will be exciting after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
I am sure your Nan is celebrating her arrival to heaven. Thinking of you!
Agreed! RT : Who else is going to the event on April 19th? If you're a designer in Detroit, you better be there!
its soo funny to watch fans panic of all these teams on twitter... red sox.. yankees.. cubs... brewers... really.. its the 4TH Game of year.
my cat and I have a grindcore band.
When are you going to talk about Obama trying to bribe Sestak. Everyone else is and we will see an impeachment in 2011.GFYAH
what's up lil hitler :)
Just Like A Shoe, If Some1s Meant For U, They Will Just Fit Perfectly: No Forcing, No Struggling, No Pain O_o
Happy Birthday!!!!
Hey all my fake teammates, when do report again?
Looks like matrixing to me...
Cranky Amy is in full effect today.
I wanna be broken , when im weak , thats when your strong Lord . When im less , thats when more of you show !
Aghhhh I'm so freakin aggravated!
I sure wouldn't want my brain surgeon tweeting on the job!
Just Bought
Bailey's leg air kick > life
lol, I just finished it myself.
#strayer is a huge rip off!
now you know how i feel
We are all faced with a series of great opportunities brilliantly disguised as impossible situations. Charles R. Swindoll
we gotcha fam! stay positive & keep shinnin!
happy new year! All the best to you
glad you're playing for the pack. Lol. Welcome to titletown.
LOL that sucks i was out yesterday with a cracked wizdom tooth i gotta get it pulled friday! all cause my stupid tongue ring lol
Best Summer 2011 Day So Far: Showing my sister's boyfriend how my cat can stand up, and watching Toddlers and Tiaras season premiere.
Support independent artists! You will like what you see!
#OperationCupOfTea is the U.S protesting against the British again ? Cause without them we wouldn't have Harry Potter
don't b a hater! Lol
It's the Winter Games for grades 4-6th! Join us @ the library Sat., Feb. 18, 2-3pm for snowball relays, snacks, & snowflake decorating!
Thanks for the shootout! Love the latest issue. :)
Is it bad that my treat after finishing my teaching syllabus is choc peanut butter ice cream? A little counter productive.
just followed you on Tumblr :-D great blog!
If you put an effect on audio on audacity and then don't want the effect...can you go back? I have done too much else for undo!
You win some you lose some...
I've only been skating once or twice... but it is annoying when new people think they're experts at something.
ohmyygosshh i totes want to win the microphone is giving away..! I love and <3
Thanks to those of you who are following us here on twitter!! Please follow us if your not, or tell a friend :) god bless!
Allergies suck!
woah now mo. You best be telling me who this is about. Sext me boo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Congrats to our home town LA Galaxy on bringing home the MLS Cup!
Kind of bummed the Deftones are playing with System of a Down this summer
We're working on a little incentive for all of our current backers and anyone who backs us today...We'll announce in the next 15 minutes!
Never make a choice that will make you liar for life. -Andy Stanley
smh no black instincts are to move the fvk outta the way
MIKEY DOSNT HAVE A GIRLFRIEND
Updating my #iPhone to iOS5. bad idea? we'll find out in an hour. Yes, apparently it's taking THAT long to update.
When the weather gets warmer like this, I get absolutely obsessed with moving to California. I want this weather year-round.
We currently have Amber, Wit, Stout and B4 on draft. Stop by for a
Wednesday specials: ½ off select appetizers go great with $4 local beers. Drop by for lunch, dinner, happy hour or late night.
Um yeah I'll have a coke. And some fries. Oh and one of those happy meal toys. Do you take monopoly money?
bo fuck you 49ers they still suck beat my seahawks dam it
so I what?
Gonna rain tomorrow..
This might well be the case. Although it would be a pity, as many of the most insightful posts have come from "amateurs"...
Stop stalking me!
thank god it's me!! Your soo sweet!!
If I could wear yoga pants to work life would be awesome....
#friendsmarathonallnightlong.....that's all I have to say about that :)
#Politics Cain supporting Newt? These two must have something in common.
right here
I really love you on Victorious,i support you much love>3 xox.1
I don't know how you can say it's "stat blip" when interest AND traffic has been down to blogs for months.
Dancing is happening. Great DJ at #BackstageBash!
They are just a jumble of joy
"It's not the door you're using but the way you're walking through it"
CounterPoint >>>>> very tempted to go. i wanna be an ATLien
interesting, catchy fact here, fact fact, fact. hashtag followed by a couple of words that sound cool together. (link optional)
LMBO! No he didn't! Smh, it's double trouble in the house w/ too! Lol!
reading dubois ...an oasis of simple faith and reverence in a dusty desert of dollars and smartness.
Convinced an rising eighth grade student to go to college, but is that really my accomplishment or the university's?
Have 1 party with a purpose ticket. Any takers? DM me.
Right here ": OKC! Where my Lakers fans at?"
Thanks! U rock!
thank you! :)
okay for some reason my twitter never informs me when I get an @ mention, so this wouldn't be the best way
“: love it!!”<YAY!!!! Thanx my love. I'll post more as soon as I get more pics!
I'M SUCH A DESPERATE LOSER LMFAO. I'm dying at my own words
Klout thinks I am knowledgeable about "White People"
Won't be in today (Monday) because Monday seriously ruins my weekend!
My tweet game is off. Boo.
Helpful insight to understand the correlation of how our brain functions and why LinkedIn fits well @
RT : "The few who do are the envy of the many who only watch." ~Jim Rohn
excuse me! Haha :)
Eating my cheesecake I got from the cheesecake factory
addendum to last tweet: the only one in our collections that we know of.
#FF - For a voice of reason while we all get snarky:
Tan me up, Mr.Sun :)
If ur texting me u love me then y is it wen I text back u don't reply until like 3 hours later saying night
2012 New Media Web Awards Heralds Expanded Categories
I don't think you're disabled :)
Have a drink with LIVE at 8PM Sat in #BrewCity. "Cheers and Jeers: Alcohol in America." WATCH & LEARN on C-SPAN3.
I miss you guys already :(
If you refer to your girlfriend or boyfriend as #oomf , you deserve to be single!
how have you been? Haven't seen you 4-ever.
Thats because it's not on sale yet kid :)
Life is a rich strain of music, suggesting a realm too fair to be
You know what refrain keep hearing at this discussion on RDA? 'Cataloger's judgment.' Trust the intelligence of your staff!
Hey dudes, we'll have new music up here next week! Yes, yes, do be excited =]
*Doorbell rings* Me: OMG JUSTIN HAS COME TO GIVE ME SOME PROACTIVE!!!
Love Life
Working hard today. Sandstorm gone, reinstalling equip', testing, busy as hell, earning my paychecks, Zeckovich family tradition worldwide.
cereal... Too bad they're not playing anywhere in Cali this summer...
i would pay double to see that :)
Only person I need is god And my mama that's it
S/O to a new friend and follower fuck witcha boy the long way iight
Agreed. #Liberty and #Truth are the teats. I'll be in touch! Thanks!
+takes you back to WHERE you WERE... not the first page in a category. (I'd complained to a dozen people about this.)
t(-_-) that's how I really feel
yayy off to school-.-
Guys, check out my blog for my Stilton and Apple Soup recipe :)
We wish all of our Twitter friends a delicious New Year!
lol! Im still here. hows everything?? And im gonna need an invite the next time u cook lady. you got that slap ya momma cooking
#follow the CMG movement :
Ir's alone time with my thoughts. Flying to London, unplugged.
Mom said she doesn't want me to stay up late.. If she only knew...
#Neversaynever to #God. Always say yes or the journey will be longer with more trials. He does it because he #loves you
#LegoSeriousPlay models engage a team's thinking in the explicit.
with the man on fire JoshatAMG
hi nick, i'm a mom of a type 1 diabetic. i'm writing a book of T1 poems, would you write one for my book? please?!
Stop the presses: MT Grateful for all of the Soldiers Airmen Marines Sailors and Coast Guardsmen who serve our country.
Yeah! Thx thanks for your site. your site have made me open my eyes to shows on the web that i did not know existed
Enjoying some delicious and fruity SIP Moscato Wine W/ !!!! Perfectly Fabulous to start the Evening.
dude, hop on this trend
Mi-Tyme rocked the stage tonight..Thanks for those who came out to show support!
ever feel like your about to explode because you love someone so much?
Right now I feel like Drake's "Headlines's" 1st verse.
I should be sleeping, but you know.. I'm on twitter.
In memphis at #KurtCarr 20th anniversary... Who is here?
filling in. Tomorrow is my last day.. Even though my body will finally be sort of ready for it finally :/
power outage during lunch caused my co-worker to have to use the stairs to come back to work. Really sucked as we are on the 10th floor :-/
Free screenings tonight:Bully at Studio Movie Grill Dallas, Wrath of the Titans at Cinemark West, American Reunion at AMC Northpark.
Life is like riding a bike, you have to keep yourself balanced- to keep moving."
You're looking at the Foursquare mayor of the National Corn Grower's Association (which happens to be in the building where I work)...ladies
hum 1D jonas Brothers? lol the basic fan girls
thanks you sir
good good, just getting shot done. How's your family
DOJ sends the best press releases: "LOUISIANA HUNTING OUTFITTER PLEADS GUILTY TO ILLEGALLY KILLING PROTECTED ALLIGATOR"
Yeah. Someone just called me 'one fat ugly bastard' lol. It made me laugh. I may not be skinny, or the best looking. but
Show up with them stacks, lay them racks on my rack.
#afam12nu how do we negotiate black studies departments being the conscience of university and being successful administrative units?
The word "Aloha" has such a deeper meaning to me now. Who knows, maybe one day will be a tattoo.
“Every day of our lives we are on the verge of making those slight changes that would make all the difference.” ~Mignon McLaughlin
Heard from #icsc and #mainstreetfairness on federal remote collection legislation. Gaining Senate support. Still work to be done.
Sarat is with the historians on
i just pre-ordered a children's book, Knuffle Bunny Free...who am i?
Destie and I kicked some major #yoga butt tonight! Go us!!
Florida is another freaking country altogether.
: Thank you for all you've achieved at forest, I wish you every success in the future
I may not have much in this life,few pleasures, few friends,few resources. But I cherish what I do have, and am very thankful for it.
I don't get it... Haha
whatever u do, don't turn on the #Grammys right now.
#Top100Lies "she's just a friend. You have nothing to worry about"
#PRDLA U Auckland's Flaherty speaking on rolling out and then back a single libraries search box. Also asks us all not to (c) our metadata!
Today was god <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
These are my views. You don't have to agree. But I do think she has sold us out.
#winning is still trending? That is the definition of #winning!!!
My sleep hasn't exactly been good the past few days. What's bugging me?....
need a topic
For your Wats are in full view if the Lord and he examines all your paths. Prov 5:21
I'm bipolar, so when I get into a funk, it can be seriously long, then go on a jag and write 10 blogs in 2 days
Is your family OK with you weight?Do people accept you for who you are? Your friends make fun of you every now and then??
I'm with the Lakers when we get our ass kicked and when we are showing off our banners... Day 1 Laker fan
Watching MacGruber for the tenth time in the last three days, third time in 24 hours. We're cool
lol what r some funny sayings REPLY i cant wait too see wht u guyz will put amuse mee lol
Lol why thank you :) You're pretty funny yourself...your witty tweets always make me laugh!
Exhaustion sucks.
I need about 15 of your holiday roasts to get me through the year. Please sell them year round. Or send me 15. Thanks :).
lol, expect i don't swim lol
Heading to DC today for a couple of days of work, smart conversation, excellent food, and urban walking. :-)
Being in Love is a great feeling
Todays an exciting day! Putting it in God's hands! :)
Excited for our Kikeh Mato gig tonight at 10pm, free Afro-pop! Let's pack this dance floor Madison!
RT HUGE ANOUNEMENT NOW WORKS 4 A MAJOR BOOKING AGENCY BASED IN LA, N NYC I'M LOOKING TO WORK WITH SERIOUS PROMOTERS / INVESTERS
I'm writing a horror screenplay about a group of teenagers who get stuck in a cabin in the woods. Who wants in on this original project?
What's wrong is letting Koreans continue to monopolize who can sell human hair off the heads of our India sisters. I wish Oprah would help!
I say medium or large and put the onus on the barista to give me a dirty look.
hey handsome how r u?
Just finished a nice work out .... Feeling super pumped now off to get my princess ready for school !!
idk what you're talking about sir :)
I am the tallest guy at this happy hour... and I'm not tall.
A student just asked me to write him a recommendation letter. I LOVE THIS JOB!
RT : Look clearly @ yr life&commit 2 letting go of whatever is holding U back including toxic habits, emotions & relationships.
is on SiriusXM Channel 106 RIGHT NOW!
Hey come check us out at the alley tomorrow night with dramarama. That's right, dramarama.
ha. ha. (stephen laugh) so cute & so true.
I'm getting drunk today cuz it's #CincoDeMayo... ah who am I kidding, I'm getting hammered cuz it's Saturday.
I love you!
thank you. I'm glad that after a year, u are still following my work. sincerely heart felt.
Where's my iPod at? :( not again..
And I don't mean that pejoratively at all. It's part of why this is the best #IronMan movie we have (to date).
You've been too busy for COSTCO?! Ok, now I'm worried...
since day one I've been up and down
I have "Arming" on DVD...
Did Rick Santorum just compare himself to George Washington in a debate ad??? LMFAO!!!
Welcome back, sir. We've missed you!
"if we were all pokemon then i would be a charmander, because i have the hots for you"
your welcome..i'm here if you need any help or more support. (:
07/22/2011 - Community Growth Committee Speaker: Terry Wheeler, CEO Cypress Fairbanks Medical Center Hospital
#MiddleFingerUp to my haters.
lmao don't look at my profile to make fun of me! All I need to get my followers up is 2 things: some tattoos & dreads.
alas, msg says you are not following
Learning about Open Source IT Management Tools, Notes will be in wiki Thnx Jon
you're welcome! :-)
The Salvation Army will not accept Harry Potter toys because they are wicked, but they WILL accept knives and toy guns for 7 year olds. Wha?
Accepted. Now to make it thru inspections.
Change= Reach cultural elite, minorities and youth; share God's forgiveness, hope, source of value. Kay Coles James
Now that's how u get it done
If you take responsibility for yourself you will develop a hunger to accomplish your dreams
ok i will try to text you from my ipad. Dm the number again.
When the inside of the body, the outside of the body & the environment are in balance, r pets r well in their worlds. www.wholepetdiet.com
Laying in bed reading trending topics instead of a book
#3WordsForYou I have food.
Look forward to the port, & single varietal Touriga would be awesome!
Devin's new job title at the Bistro: Bouncer
Rosenthal worked at the Associated Press, where he served as Moscow bureau chief
what is sneaky? that they track who is following you back?
Both weekends :)
is ready for his last week of classes. Then back to a normal schedule.
hey if it makes you feel better i believe she called me "insane"
Maddy, what am i doing with my life. omg.
Im getting a new phone!
With #pcbw in the rear view, #Savor 2012 is now the focus -- 40 days away
Adele makes me feel free and I just start dancing!
Had a good mothers day <3 Applebee's was delicious! (:
Hey Jenna, love your profile pic!
with this mornings purchase, I now have tix to see the RHCP, Aziz Ansari, and Fun. all within a week of one another in June. Should be good.
Each one has to find his peace from within. And peace to be real must be unaffected by outside circumstances. ~G
IM ALREADY LOSING IT!!!! JXOSNDIDBOXBDLAJXISD
no sir, twasnt I.
you made the right decision young grasshopper
YES! Man, was that huge.
It's time to party it up again!! We kick things off at 9pm with San Jose's one and only DJ Nelly.
With each word your tenderness grows, tearing my fear apart. And that laugh that wrinkles your nose, it touches my foolish heart.
that was the best season finalie i have ever seen. but the only negative in that episode was looking @ 's boobs.
Vlad, U know I feel about Lock, the same way U feel/felt about Doyle's Room!
Haha! RT : makesure 2 butter the bacon and bacon the sausage RT : Oh yeah. #bacon and assorted meats
Im a poopie with -We're named that by Allie :) HateLies<3Trust
9/11 Ten Year Anniversary Samples and Drops up now!
Thanks for the follow Michelle. Just checked your YouTube reel & love your announcing skills. Awesome! - Drummer Charlie Z
Thanks for following us!
MYSPACECOM/OGBIGGTRAI187 THATS WERE YOU CAN PEEP IT IT GOT A LI'HOME VIDEO TO IT.
the Surly IT Guy trope got old, like, yesterday.
= friends' blogs
Guranteed to get her WET!!!!
There are folks on YouTube who swear it works. I'm not convinced.
I need a wee but I don't want to leave the computer, expect radio silence from now on while I concentratte on tickets
: GM Mr. C! U my friend is oh so AWESOME:) Peace &
Better to look at yourself and other people as you and they "could be" rather than as they are. Become the product of your vision!
session in 2 hours
You've decided not to chill tonight huh?
Resonance arrives June 19 from Wadjet Eye Games
“: Im there man. Just lemme know where.”b
Aw, Florence is stunning. Been many times. And you can drive to Siena which is gorgeous! Very excited for u :)
it's already gotten!
My homegirl! I am from Santa Cruz.
DIEGO!!!! How are you?
Tavares pokes one in from the slot and quickly the #Isles are within a goal. #Flyers 3, #Isles 2 with 5:55 left
I love even though she never texts me !
Fuck you facebook ¬¬
Good luck with WIDR Week! Hope it is a successful campaign. Time to support #WMU's student-run radio station, adopt a DJ!
My cell phone is named Erin Kane. Of course.
Oo shit! Here we go again!
reality is a lie.
#WVLeg redistricting maps look like an economic stimulus package if you are a political consultant in
What's the appropriate time and place to tell somebody that their sex is so stupid and gross that it hurts your feelings?
Busy holiday meets busy week. Hello Monday, I'll see you at work.
Hope everything goes well for and Nova today.
I have to keep reminding myself to let it go.
Why do a lot of women consider plastic surgery before working out or hiring a personal trainer?
I hate to say this but I Know gay people and I support Civil Liberties and Right 4 Gay People but I DO NOT Support Gay Marriages
What happened to the Lawrenceville Zipcars, they seem to have disappeared without a trace
finalized my custom domain name for my e-portfolio. thanks to & for reliable service & clear directions!
Irony is: digital humanists having Powerpoint difficulties
Standing outside the fire
Prez Obama Should also think about Not only Jobs to the Infrastucture But also Other Jobs Like Customer Service, Etc which is Gone to India
I hear you about car dealers.
I never hold grudges, i always give somebody a second or third chance, not because i forgive them but because id like a second chance too.
I only have to read until 2 to finish 24 hours reading since yesterday. Plus, I don't work Monday. Won't push it, though.
Broadway Barwed. Its going down . 8800Broadway Vj Mystik playin the best music and peter blu hostin. Always crazy packed lets party rock ...
“: OHMYGOD I AM SO HAPPY: The Skeetones are playing a Ghostbuster's theme song cover. Best night ever! #TheHeightsFest”
Great, looking forward to it.
All plays documented on Facebook "ALWAYS" - We have not lost once in our last 10-11 plays. One play pending this afternoon,then onto SNF!
would love to have lunch and talk and with you
so vinny doesnt talk to all the iconic boyz??
no doubt, a five car pileup would have been less damaging...
tonights the last night in the ole apartment...moving day tomorrow
The Guto remembers when Joe Wiz used to be hardcore. CC:
4:30 AM at the gym? Sir, I stand in awe of you.
I did. Hope yours was good too. Thanks for following back. :)
go on!! never give up!!
Came into the office this morning to find a voicemail, left late at night, pitching four books of poetry and a screenplay. Sigh.
Are you a fan of Aaron Horkey's artwork, designed some of the most insane decks ever!
Dastardly! Site down the day I pay off my balance! I wanted to login and see those zeroes! (J/K but seriously-come back up!)
it looks so good!!! Love it :)
whole site loading slowly, cant add a link to my status, images not showing up... day 2
I miss you.
My DREAM Act would say every homeless kid goes to school!
Headed to San Dieguito UHSD College Night? Want to talk #journalism, #PR, #advertising, #mediastudies? will be there. Come by!
Sounds great!
Great shoot at the wellness center this morning. Pool class, aerobics, spinning class and weight training.
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D
I am loving Clash of (Titan) Kings. Thanks for the delivery!
sweet dreams
I love you Sean Sullivan!!
It takes 26 hours for the average person to report a lost wallet. It takes 68 minutes for them to report a lost phone.
Santorum's gonna take away our porn but not our right to curse out reporters.Good thing,because with no porn there'll be a lot of cursing.
Whispers baby listen..
I'm so excited for glee tonight its been so long since i last seen it
RT": #Retweet If you are blessed in life"
okay, followed you! Follow back?(:
Well we got our NT,very highly rated pick on the board 77.0 pick,nice job Black and Gold
Choose the right location and neighborhood for your restaurant business.
you improve more and more with every video :)
That should do it!
I took issue w/ another part of that original comment. My response is up.
We need more #feasting! I'll be your best frieeeee-end!
Start thinking of healthier choices instead of settling for the fast and convenient food options..
A disciplined approach to problem solving moves a team from wishful thinking to new knowledge, specific countermeasures, & permanent results
Need a count for breakfast. How many #tpedge members coming out? Tweet back plz
Do you believe in magic?
Vinyl Hours Radio on now ! :)
The shit in toilets of porter potties must come w/the toilet. You don't see shit like that anywhere else!
Testing #intelhybridcloud today. Got firewall working protecting 2 x #Win2008 servers, numerous #Win7, etc.
This classroom im in for first aid smells like straight chlorine..
Thanks to all who came last night to our show and helped bid farewell from the team! So excited for your new role on iCarly!
Yo bitch we from the sitty that rock bright orange suits and steal toe boots
Does he really message me more than you, that's bad......
Had a great gluten-free lunch this week--thanks to and Bistango in NYC. First time I tried and I would recommend!
Best day of my life #YEE, thank you <3 you really don't know how amazing you are(: <3
no, I'm in the classroom :D
Me & lmmfao ! Where is Ashton when you need him!
Sure is! RT: Ding ding, there goes the trolley - such an awesome asset for our tourists to use to get around town!
Hanging out celebrating with #Abqheadinghome. An amazing project!
...back to work and ready for lunch. Fuse Balance Plate with grilled sirloin please..oh and lot's of salad on the side!
Working tonight over at the Salvation Army, working with kids in the brass classes! Sat., got a gig with Third Stream Giants! :)
A #BFRandomFactoid - today in 1918 for the first time in the U.S., Daylight Saving Time went into effect.
Former presidential hopeful John Edwards faces trial Pakistan bombing kills at the latest on the link
shut the front door! i didn't know u were on twitter! u could help me. i still dont know what i'm doing here.
Reliant k is amazing
laron Landry just another dumbass signing by the jets
Kentucky looks NBA ready
A quick exercise break lead by during the #physicalactivity session! Everyone's wide awake now!
Our research indicates that social support networks will play a significant positive role in the outcome of S:S&S EP.
When I was a kid, I never got to goto work w/ my dad. Thank God! He cleaned Port-O-Johns.
#HowToPissAFemaleOff speak to other females while your with her !
Where is your favorite place to run in Vancouver? Especially on a sunny day like today?
Let's start with mobile UI standards. Apple's HIGs provide an solid basis for designing apps. Android has very few guidelines.
You're gonna practice your at-home burlesque steez!
Back in the US This is one long flight home
Great day #Ravens and #Terp wins
I burnt my whole entire face off! Pauly d problems
Oh!I guessed but I thought maybe it meant you couldn't
Gonna race the coaches today :D
Ive talked to Liam before
More than halfway through April and only 6 "likes" before 500! Don't forget - if we reach 500 in April someone will win a great prize! <3
I HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE HATE Microsoft Word. Least intuitive logical program EVER.
“: and I got my mardi gra mask on already poo #KNOWME” that's what's up!!!!!!
go 4 it! I stole it off someone else! Let's keep the thievery going :-D
Wishing all a day of gratitude!!!
Hey guys just updated my FB and IMDB pages with new episodes of my webseries and my reel!!...check it out and tell your friends
Big week at #Chicago United Center this week. Wednesday Bulls game, then UFC on Fox Weigh-ins and Fights Friday and Saturday!!
I won't give up on us even if the skies get rough <3
#ChrisDavis stopping by #BaltimoreSun tonight to help produce photo gallery on today's game. Thanks!
this is true. Good luck. CO will miss ya!
I'm doing real good
Tom Nelson: Global warming hoax promoter Somerville on those ...
lol I will be! I miss convos with you guys!
If the Broncos make the playoffs, Fox will be coach of the year and Tebow will be a pro-bowler !Take that Mr. Elway...
Bout* Was too hungry and sleepy to care. lol.
Hope to see the #MaherManiacs out in force again tomorrow for our game against Centre. tip at 1pm, we tip at 3pm.
is really rocking it!
and i go to tell him, and he's flipping out about us being careless (uh, its your cat? And uh, it's probably your fault?)...
Making Macadabre take a cold bath with ice to solve his burnt penis problem <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I'm a great friend!
Where's the peace and quite when your trying to sleep?
Great movie...
Highly informative region C meeting at #WE11. Great to see old #SWE friends and make new ones
It's on like Donkey Kong.
Groundhog Day here at the Shultz Compound!
They're gunna make this series closer than ppl think
I am shocked you don't already. But welcome to the rest of your LIFE. :)
Why isn't cupcake delivery a thing?
I just want my dreams to come true.. does that mean going through someone elses drama? Working two jobs? Flailing around so I don't drown?..
OMG BRO. i went to vaughn today.. omgg. leviathan almost made me cry. LOL THEY WERE TESTING THE RIDES :$
But yeah, anyways.. how is everyone?
glad to hear the recording is going great, it's time to put Nashville on your Radar soon,,don't you think?
Baltimore Grand Prix
Thanks for sharing!
please. please. please. I hope I won
I miss my Marvel cards! If you were little and remember those awesome holographic rare marvel cards , you're cool!
Remind me to never go to a NRA convention in life.
75% of web referrals come from Facebook -
Topic for today's lecture: "The Supply Side: Theoretical Considerations [Necessity is the mother of invention]". And no, , in MGH.
“: Farting in my mom's face while she's sleeping so she gets pink eye #YOLO” did that once
You'll love it!! Just make sure that you stay until all the credits finish. There's some extra goodies at the end ;)
Had a great time at #hackto this weekend. I was really impressed with so many creative apps and so many people learning the #freebase API.
and was looking for a laptop that I can rent
please #1DMix933 please please :-)
Lamborn probably should have announced the congressional mtg via his twitter account
FSU can't afford to buy their way out of the ACC.
should REALLY follow for his birthday!!!! (:
not to think too hard.
yeah, ask him what kind of shot he wants next time he's in Missoula;)? Nah...love the new stuff GD!
One more cup of coffee. My body does not function without 2 or 3 cups in the morning.
I wish I didn't have plans on Saturday so I could come out you killed it at Tryst!
Yes thank you. How have you been?
Combine work and personal. No walls. It's all the same!
Really, I want to know: is paying these people?
A thrilling win by in overtime thanks to .What an exciting game. Clips now up 3-1 in the series.
Chinese manufacturing declining. Business activity #eurozone falls. Concerns: French elections & Dutch political instability hit EU shares.
Excited to get outta the house tomorrow! Been homebound since Sunday. Blaah, I have never been so bored in my entire life.. bye(:
I might consider it if it weren't so pricey ;)
the mariners fans were so wasted they helped him catch the last out
yea it is i jus saw it i was parked by it
I start my morning off wit 2 sausage #McGriddles and a hot Carmel Mocha
Hakeem Nicks!!!! Most clutch post season pass in recent memory. Absolutely outstanding! Nicks/Manning have the
What time is the event wit
bc i can tell on how you reversed the thing lol.
Thanks guys for all the recent Twitter love!
IL Access to Recovery grant pays a huge amount for screen/refer; huge amount for unlicensed "recovery support"; & maybe 25% for treatment.
time to take the snuggie into the office and take a nap
Call Me Maybe-- that super catchy song. sing it to him :) he hates it. lol
Anecdotes regarding 60s classic rockers have never been too exciting. C'mon, singer songwriters!
Get rid of FLASH and convert to Mobile Compatible Format with iNETdx.
PickUpLine: Does God know you've escaped from Heaven? Come with me to my place. You can stay there until he calls looking for you.
so grateful to you & Gretchen for yr support & #solidarity! Great to see you tonight at #keldaparty (kinda weird when I use it!)
My last letter was a U lol.
A poop to remember..
Sorry for the spammy RT tweet. The "guy" tried to hijack this acct. #carryon :)
la vie en rose...
:c Y u no hold me all night long?..
Glad all these 3yr olds got jerseys they can wear in 15yrs lol
2013 All-Star game will be held in Houston!
no shes a bitch
Wow, now Wolf is going to let everyone talk about why their wife would make the best First Lady.
I just saved a woman from being backed over by a semi truck! I literally had to run into the street and push her out of the way!
Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, Nothing is impassible, To YOU!
Crushed a lamb shank at Legume and finishing off the night by sharing a mean old Tom with great evening.
So am I! What are the odds!?
Feel a little low today. Need someone to try and make me smile and succeed!
Even if your blog is fairly new you can have your posts featured on the Technorati tag pages by tagging your posts with relevant tags
i just saw ur live chat!!!! i have a suggestion for what song you should sing: can you sing "move like jagger"
Awesome! We would love to see them!
Check out www.blockstarsonline.com!
Slaughter of Europe's indigenous #tribes--who did it? #Why? EMILY'S FILES & I AM EMBLA #mystery #suspense #action #wrappedup in a
Hey even though I want to unlock a Geth for MP, I'm doing #turnMEoff to show that I want a good conclusion to the story!
I KNOW. You admit you like my cockies...
MT Pettigrew : most important reader expectation is quantity - how much we get, how to get more. #toccon // & who's in charge
SO much for tightly officiating these games....
starting my job in two days...eek!
that my friend is the street I live on!
If your gonna be something, don't be a dick rider ..
The customer service folks absolutely nail it every single time I've ever called. Odd travel, linked rez, whatever. Thanks!
Hey chick
"It's hard to be an angel when you're surrounded by demons.."
I am shuting the door for all bullshit and drama..I am to grown for the bullshit..
I'm currently working on a new single, hope to be finished soon!!!
Little bit. Didn't even cross my mind-- but nobody complaining on Twitter. Differences in expectations?
damn lawrissa u going at everyone
What team do you think has a must win game this week in the #NFL?
so excited for the #iPhone5 to come out so everyone can shut the hell up already. i want to read about something else
if it says verified then yes
wwell ya should be :)
#JohnMayer's new album release in t-minus one week and counting. Listening to the full stream now.
First day at my desk to do just do general work in ages. Lots to catch up on.
Trying to vote is like running a gauntlet! Back off people.
SO TIRED.
Fucking on my mind
if you were pooping Rainbows I'd call you a Unicorn
Crazy right :)
Bashing the heat over a lost wont help the Lakers or another team in the NBA....
After a weekend of non-stop campaigning, I'm looking forward to the Mercer County Jefferson-Jackson Dinner tonight.
I suck big dicks!!
Mad Men: Adulthood Looms &quot;At the Codfish Ball&quot; - Huffington Post
LOL Remember the guy you used to mess with?! You didnt put his name so you got like 3 or 4 Spiders tattooed on your stomach?
Hiker says he warned officials about cows in cabin near Aspen before they froze
any ideas what to trend about Austin?(:
Great quote from tonight - "I'm Jesus first, Baptist second!"
God the #saints are cocky at home. Can't wait for everyone to annoint them even higher this week only to lose at tenn next week.
Sounds like the makings of another "HMM"... (Hot Mess Moment)
There's some major political news brewing! More information coming up on at Noon!
so how old are you
TALKING ON THE PHONE!! WITH
Also makes one a much better cook.
I wish I could figure out what freaking program is posting to my twitter account, I have never posted get rich quick schemes...hmm
Good luck TJ! RT God, I hope the Tebow game is this exciting!
hey Crimson Tide, ya hit your Stride tonight - congrats 2011 BCS National Champions
i did not. I had you but u changed ur username. Lol ill put u when i hop in my computa babe
Swag, Swag, Swag on you<U+2665>.
bye Grace! :]
Google Drive storage is 1/4th the price of dropbox (100GB for $4.99/month) ? you have 24 hours to match their pricing... go!
I'm now tweeting as
Tipsy :s, tonight went in too bad my mom is sick :(.
Best of luck to everyone participating in a Winter Study Abroad program! Be safe and have a great time.
i just yawned at ur pussy that means im bored....NEXT!!!
I got u... U got that exotic look. Do a spread in a jungle somewhere.. Sorry my imagination is taking hold now...HAHA
loll my mom is doing the most.
Chip Chantry's One-Man Show (w/ Special Guests) is at 8:30pm on The Adrienne Theatre Main Stage, 2030 Sansom St. Be there, get cool swag!
IT IS RAINING OUTSIDE?. I BELIEVE SO. GOOD CAUSE I DONT WANNA PUT ON REAL SHOES. LOO
I want to watch that! RT Can't wait for that new Fox show "So You Think You Can Swim."
lol yay!! i got a 92 percent in my history quiz
Business should come before drugs and partying. Period.
Agreed as an expert. Stop the head shots and make players wrap on tackles and watch head injuries decrease 3 fold
Do all the cool campaigns you want, but if you lose my luggage it's a waste
Supply lines in war are now IN the fight; convoys attacked by IUDs and life changing injuiries
I can't wait to get some left over turkey and take a huge thanksgiving shit.
Get a life
Kids need to play outside.
Nobody can bring you down, unless you let them.
Thank you to all that came out last night and rocked out with us at The Rutledge. Hope to see you again in February!!!
Come visit, we'll drink cheap wine and make mean comments about people's ugly pants in Soho.
Let Me Take These Daisy Dukes Off LOL
Played $240 HORSE at the Venitian. Was slight chipleader at 24 left. Then ran awful to finish 12th. Cash for $654 up $414 but ugh..
Tune in to ShopTalk with & : shoptalkshow.com/live/
I'm on here, and it all makes me nervous...breathe, Bruce, breathe...
Weathers clearing up! Rally rally rally
Bleach is in....in bout an hr pink will go in....cnt wait to see the results
If she's younger than mindless behavior #shes too young for you bro
What's up world?
visit our webstore and be one to get one of our last 8 pairs!! welcome spring back in style with guie
The Walking Dead is so epic... this episode is wow. <3
AGREED!!! RT: : If this St. Johns/Vill goes into another OT I'm going to fight someone!
Thanks to all the food dudes and dudettes that came out Friday and Saturday If you about, come on out, we've surprises fer ya!
Donald "Duck" Dunn....RIP
yes! I'm guessing you have a lot of people to visit
FYI, you missed the . At the front. That was sent to her.
Thanks for the follow; look forward to learning with you here on Twitter!
Evan Turner was named an Associated Press honorable mention All-America selection
Fun! :) If you haven't yet, be sure to do a Google search and type in: let it snow
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYBREEZY WE love YOU!!
My college boyfriend would get so stressed, his hair would start falling out. I'm getting there.
but #SWTOR is not in mac yet.
please follow me you crack me up!!
Got my passport now it's time for some stamps!
Coming home to a dark house is like playing Alan Wake...
Due to power issues after tornado(s) in Prowers Co no school for Lamar School District.
Im gonna be home al summer so i can bother you as much as i want lol RT Lmfao my cousins >>>>>>
A seriously fortuitous and rewarding collaboration.
He'll have to offer something in the 5-8 mil a year range at least RT BrockandSalk: Wonder what Phil Knight will offer Kelly to stay...
Congrats on the new gig!
High-school lacrosse: Bumps, bruises are a way of life for goalies - Columbus Dispatch
Jamie Moyer's first televised postgame interviews weren't talkies ... subtitles only.
I just want to make everyone happy and it stresses me out!
You'll be in my suicide note. Xo
Way to screw this one up, Ohio.
no that's you
I feel uncomfortable with following me.
It's a great tool, thanks for sharing!
Its been over a year i started in head over heels but he messed up then i stepped back nd he stepped up!! This year we is just lovin!!
Just finished Christopher Morley's Haunted Bookshop--glad to know HRC has his copy of Carlyle's Cromwell, but a bit nervous to open it...
#MyPastRelationships are the reason why I've been single for awhile lol
My bro Kevin is at UHS & FCAT assembly 3rd & 4th period, ready for a awesome blessed day! (=
I don't think Lucy likes Haydn. She's quite startled by the percussion section.
CDC now explaining where parents get vaccine information
Agreed. Disorganized dump. RT : As much as i LOVE Miami, I strongly dislike the Miami Airport :/ gahhhhhh
Witnessed two participants doing a fist bump during a VTC this morning. Funny.
Yeah...me too. Somebody should alert him that his twitter account has hacked!
Downloading the #icecreamsandwich android update for my htc #sensation. Preparing to be disappointed
some people think their poop doesn't stink, but it stinks
I know this is super random lmao but you have a celeb look a like! Google Louis Tomlinson. Legit and creepy o.O
is your GF done with her undergrad? taken the MCATs already?
Please make sure that you honor our Hereos this Memorial Day Weekend. Time off is for respect for those who gave the ultimate sacrifice
I got the first two, what's the last one?
You two were
You too! :) xoxo
Well, I think I will! :)
I need a garden expert on Twitter. Someone I can send my constant questions to. And then they can answer. #isthereahashtagforthis?
Completely agree.
Treatment MICROCURRENT drains lymph and increases blood circulation and decreases puffiness. Also stimulates your ATP healing energy. $75
I wanna watch star wars. I've never seen it :(
Been living on Panera the past few days. Luckily they make some good ass (and healthy) sandwiches.
OakleyFrugal Fashion: Emma Watson&#39;s pool party style at Coachella ...
...looks like it was written by someone who cares.
Just finished an amazing lunch at Doc's Barbecue in Columbia, South Carolina.
God gave you a gift of 86,400 seconds today. Have you used one to say “thank you?”
still awaiting your first tweet dude.
lol I'm bird watching
Performing improv - Ladies Night: Comedy for a Cure!
I meant minutes.
Winkler's getting in a lot of entertainment lately... I saw him at Best Man last month.
About to do some shopping. Heading to the beach Saturday. <3
thats really nice of you Singleton. Bullies suck & remember what goes around comes around Niki, stay strong.
can't wait till summer.!
Grand opening ceremony held for Swiss International Hotel Xiamen - What's on Xiamen
Chronicle was lame, now checking out Devil Inside Me. Also Blake Griffen is an overrated punk. I hope the Spurs sweep the clips.
Is this the first episode of Martin..?
I still need to do my science -.-
Booze is the greatest of all equalizers. Rich drunks and poor drunks both pass out the same way.
There is always a consequence
Still doing nothing. My family are all lying down & I'm just talking to you. #NoShame though. :) x
RT : This is the fun part of NFL meetings - there's nobody to talk to and media starts interviewing each other. Shoot me now
distance yourself from the current field of GOP candidates running for pres.
Congrats on signing w SD
Key takeaway from API panel: NPR eats its own dog food...
Need more tank tops.
Lol, I saw that man! I am working all afternoon into the evening so none of that for me, but something I'll dabble in next time
Oh no! That's sad. I don't have that issue because my "height" (i'm only 5'3") comes from my legs. I have a shorter torso.
... And just because you got over me.. Doesn't mean I am going to do the same..</3
It is what it is and that's how it's gonna be.
Glee will be doing Beyonce's Girls Rule The World tonight.
is the cutest guy ever! I wish he would follow me. THATS MY GOAL FOR TODAY! ...It's just one click!!:Dplease! 38
When my bestfriendd sees a cute guy and she says "mayne hol' up!" Ratchet ass bitch! x)
“: Make Me Famous NEW V-NECK SHIRT merch. YES or NO? :)” FUCK YES V's ARE THE GREATEST ATTIRE EVER.
great show. Space shuttle Columbia episode is one of my favs.
Been up since 6 handling some eat koast business
Had a delicious Bahama Mama smoothie today next to #JeldWenField. Highly recommend. A great hang out space as well
Our desires have been steam-engined since the dawn of the Industrial Age.
I haven't been to sleep yet! x
thanks for the help today.
There is scotch. So it's still a successful evening. But I need tacos and matches
after 6 years I hope ya do haha. holy fuck i have known you for 6 years...wtf
im team minaj all the way i luv her..!
Like the rest of us, Romney made $42.6 million while he was unemployed.
Definitely let me know when you're in the area!
Fantastic. Love to hear those stories. Good luck. Let us know what we can improve.
Ugh i want my arms around him now!
If I survive this monster proposal, it will be a miracle.
should I get in there with you or....
#NAS for real though
Happy Sunday! :)
Ive just started using tweetdeck, what an awesome tool!
Matt from NYC. Hope everyone is having a solid day.
Ha! Oh well, Matt, I don't have that much estrogen anyway!
This is not too pretty...
is this a real goodnight?
The Princeton Association of New York City is looking for a Joomla developer to help upgrade website. Contact hjparr(at)alumni.princeton.edu
Hoping to, just have to confirm w/ work. Would be great to finally meet in person. I'll let you know as soon as I register :)
right back at ya (;
MAN 2 DAYS TILL MY NIGGA GET OUT EVERYBODY POST MY BOY SUM LUV ON JAN 12th
I do or rep that P.H.A.N crew for the 6k tweet
*white people magic*
If you give in... What does that make you? Never Give In.
Busy, busy, busy and ready for the weekend! What are you doing this weekend?
I love the #MonthOfMay cause alot of shit happens in that month.
I just deleted approx. 1,800 unread messages from my inbox. It's been a long time coming.
glad your back, might want to find a restroom!
Very cool night in my hometown of Chapel Hill. Obama, Jimmy Fallon and now Dave Matthews. Lucky UNC students! Enjoy
are u excited for younow? I'M SO EXCITED <3
The Microsoft cowboy hat survived the trip back, and now I think I need some salads. Thanks to Austin for a great week.
Someone had asked earlier for good Derby Day pick / info follows. Here's a few: / / /
The Avengers once again, that's right I'm watching it again.....cause afford to ya bum.....lmao
ok will do. I've missed having him recently. he catches on quick and has a nack for it.
Show went well. I sold a few things. Learned some helpful things to do in the next show! :-)
Thank you! :)
Some people where just born to be high
better prices?
. force of habit? insanity? : re Panel presentat'ns: what need r we trying to fulfill w/ confs & panels?
#imagine Louis in a boxer laying on top of you kissing your lips and he starts kissing your neck and then down down and down
Cons who commit their first SEX offenses in prison tend to become regular sex offenders after release. Demand action!
Where's the link to your book?
Pls follow me so I can connect with you all and get to know you better through Twitter! Thanks!
Cute is what we aim for, lmao i remember when i saw joseph with one of their shirts on xD
Glad my dad's procedure went so well yesterday.
- That's a CUTE dog!
hope u had fun in NYC <33 love u and can't wait to see u again. Soon ;)
We're gonna start taking pre-orders soon! XD
hahaha my pleasure <U+2764>
I have to go on tumblr to find pictures of Justins Viddy video. Its time to change my icon and background.
So at the end of the day life lesson learned NEVER go to sleep angry stay up and plot your REVENGE.
Thanks for playing Ruby Soho, it was just what I needed to get the day going
Bingo prizes @ Sunday’s finale: Up to $25 in gift cards, MM prize packs, Baskin Robbins, Wendy’s Frosty, more chances to win & more!
"...taking off my coat, clearing my throat."
Beautiful people are not always good but good people are always beautiful.
I can confirm that one!
Also thanks for thinking of your old pal for a ride :)
This woman has a linebacker neck. It is unattractive.
OMG THEY ARE SO MEAN TO LOKI.
Is a wooden board with 10 rusty nails poking out of it recyclable? My girlfriend thinks so!
We are too!
Master chef in the building <U+E043><U+E147>
Us too! RT : NFTE Chicago is excited to partner with to develop a pilot financial literacy program for CPS Schools!
Food! Food! Food! Chefs! Chefs! Chefs! Yay :D
I'm slowly getting more and more attracted to girls who play bass.
How does one lose a shoe downtown?
So many kids on the NJT ACRL Train to I feel so old walking forward to a quieter car!
awesome feedback! Thanks so much!!
Do you have a dental question you'd like us to answer? Email us today at and we'll answer you in our blog!
SILVERLAKE Farmer's Market HERE WE COME!!! SAT. Morning 10am-2pm
I'm really sorry about your mother <U+2665>
Excited to learn from the best at today's PR+Social Media Summit
house music pumping, people drinking beers on rooftops, must be Spring in Brooklyn...
Moment you share empowers the moment of learning and engagement. Great discussion at Bridging the Divide.
But real talk though, if you come at me when it's rainy and shit out I'm liable to bite your head off.
There are only two more days left in our 54th annual sale! Hurry in to get some great deals!
I know you do child
okay lena dunham's boobs. okay then. okay.
damn! Oh well. That's freakin' awesome that you're going to be working on it though!
I I I I I DNT WANNA HAV TO PUSH YO TOP BAKKK..
Love what you have…Forget about what you’ve lost…Don’t hope for what you can’t have and look forward to whatever is coming to you +_o
Without music... I would be died... XD
this made me laugh so hard <3
MAKING A WISH.
wonderful! congratulations, miriam!
True. But grandparents are the only people I've met who only think of PJ/Nirvana re: Seattle. 2 more bands than most cities
I wish that I can high FIVE you right now for that! LOL :D
don't they charge to send the cards though??
WAY TO GO TCU Horned Frogs! 'The" OSU must play the Little Sisters of the Blind instead of the Sisters of the Poor? Huh Mr. Gee? LOVING IT!
8-79 "Big Daddy Ritter" regains the Calgary Stampede version of the North American title by beating Jake Roberts
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 43
coded conversations with disclosure get old
Sadly I've been classically conditioned to associate the smell of RedBull with the urge to consume C2H5OH
That was on Friday night. Unless I'm getting this tweet late...
Fear. So Far Gone.
bre y kenny lienn he said he wouldnt go out with u cause u like way too many boys he told me n tj that ..since dat nigga tlkin.
I Love It
Thanks for the S/O. A lot of cool stuff in the RAVN pipeline... more cities + announcements soon.
Just found out having a Va Jay Jay costs $2,500 a year in maintenance. That's more than it costs to service my Subaru.
Safe in Maui... Onto LA!
I have a serious crush on ! Is it wrong to date ur boss? If it is I quit !!
Oh i actually had a brilliant idea and read the measurements. Duh! Just ordered..can't wait. thx.
Hates it when I wake up for work... And its my day off... Ya hear me!! :) its all good though I do love my job
Thanks && for featuring us as Band of the Day RT !! We appreciate everything you do !!
Q: What's the best Minus The Bear album?
A few new things in the mix! Just about ready to announce February's special guest at Red Kiva! Stay tuned party people!
So happy I fell asleep early last night,now my day isn't ruined
I'm sorry. Lol
My dorm bathroom is a straight-up battle scene .no hygiene
Last night... no. Just no.
Thank you very much for following our Twitter account!
Been there, done that, can't afford the T-shirt...
Congratulations!!!! I wish you a lifetime of happiness and love with your best friend!
That's true, Sarah, if it requires so much concentration that I KNOW I'm watching a show, that's a bummer.
come here this weekend or the weekend of June 1.
Can't wait to see Gene Lamont wave in some Tigers runs at the K
a bowl of Lucky charms & a banana for breakfast...Goodmorning tweeps!!
looking for a car, lol. youu?
My phones about to die :( 9% left.
Your the man, Chris. Watching the recorded 1st hour of your Up show. Your the best new thing in the world today!
Cousins medical school graduation !
I just need to bitch occasionally to keep my sanity. Still in good spirits and looking forward to the Tigers game tonight
So I wake up to see was tweeting me and last night! Why did I have to go to sleep..?!
Visiting tonight!
Chase bank is robbing us blind, wake up america!
I feel you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Party at shannons! <U+E312>
Love the new space! Very cool.
no i don't want to wait :(
Ha, don't I know it. Hope you and had fun nonetheless! ;) Yes, , where you be?
i dont like handjobs bitch i like head
My bubby is leaving for Mexico tomorrow. -_-
I pop in every so often! Shepp's a free jazz guy who made it through and is still active at 74 yrs old. Similar to Coltrane
HOT DayS R ThE OneZ I HavE ThE MosT FondesT MemorieS YeT TO DatE
One of the few times I'm actually right on time my partner wants to be odee late smh
A2: Agree with many, PRSA luncheons and activities are the best places to make a personal connection..
I WANT TO THANK EVERYONE THAT HAS WISHED ME A HAPPY BIRTHDAY TODAY!! IT MEANS A LOT
if you're not pumped for the teamtsp contest then you should be because this is going to be awesome c:
You've really acclimated well to the careless, rude and disgusting culture that is NYC. Welcome
yea, I thought it was the weirdest thing to say...
How do you network on mobile? will share what he does.
ok i gotcha :)
Oh, I guess readers cannot see page views only you ?
Don't answer that. I'm kidding. I'm purposely keeping my exposure low.
Ugh. People should just accept the fact that the world DOES revolve around me.
#10ThingsIWantToHappen I want to meet so so bad. She has seriously made such an impact on my life.
Great job anchoring today!!
gotta chek out ur site. pleased to tweet you.
#SeacrestWins #BranchesMomSmarts : My mom always told me to pack two jackets for red carpets, always wondered why. Now I know.
It was in reference to that sweet video you guys posted.
At the end of the day, she's still a puppet people. *She* can't actually hear.
Looking forward to Soror on Ready for these other folks to sit it on down.
Patrick Stump killed that "This Is How We Do It" cover
Been throwing up the past 12 hours.
I like your shoes.
Yes thank you very much
#3WordsForYou I love you.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down. -OW
My* phone.
Hi Richard, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand the customer's experience Follow 2 DM?
we miss you here in LV buddy!
Can't sell your house because you don't have equity? www.littleoldladybuyshouses.com can help.
SORRY FOR PARTY ROCKIN'
Taste & see that the Lord is GOOD!-Psalm 34:8 Starve your flesh of its desires and be filled with the goodness & faithfulness of God.
Aw thanks! :) its a really long story why but all you can do is pray plz!
Who do you think had the best performance of the night?
Are you attracted to those who are great, and want you to know it?
thank you pretty girl! Love YOU!
Musicians: You should probably worry LESS about how many Facebook 'Likes' you have, & MORE about who 'Likes' the music you've made.
Betty, really? Why are you doing this?
My fantasy-crush Madison Bumgarner pitches tonight. Thank god for the MLB TV package...
the things I miss when I can't overlay the radio feed. sadface
... planning a series of meetings at ALA on Tuesday about development of a "data dashboard" ...
Trying to convince my husband that, on account of daylight savings, I really need to go to bed now. 7 pm is the new 8 pm, right?
#RT I sometimes feel as though the world is ass-backwards. There's no need to explain it, cuz if u dont get it, you probably a cause of it
Just got voted ''most likely to marry Justin Bieber''. Hahahahahaha.
The Highly Worrisome U.S. Unemployment Situation - Seeking Alpha
thank you Joyce!
Imma be who I set out to be, without a doubt, undoubtably, & those who looking down on me, I'm tearin down your balcony.
#globalwarming scientist Richard Alley's new PBS specials airing April 22.
it's been submitted for judgement by the board of buffalo
very cool! Ya I dig LOTR, pretty much interested in most films that are fanboy'ish. I'm just a lover of films and lots of tv.
Yeah, beat it O!!! So overrated!
I couldn't contain my excitement this moring!! :)
That's great!
My soul has died! How is that book Young Adult????
RT : I think I'll attempt a style from this weekend. So many to chose from just a matter on if I can do them lol
Looks like there's been a bit of inflation since the days of "a penny for your thoughts". Best wishes!
the Bouvier was robbed!!
...and I still feel that I go home to my family, not the other way around), but I do find a strong sense of self...
"Hunger Games" film comes out today!!! So stoked!!
oh stop it, you're too kind! i was serious though, im not a sarcastic fella
Even my birds are singing
strong hold is weakening is on top of their game in fighting these militants. #24 dead over wk.end
"Success w/o honor is like an unseasoned dish. It will satisfy your hunger but it won't taste good!" >Ironic JoePa quote
What is the point of a Riot again? I never could make sense of that!
No twitter for a while. . .
sorry can't be there to watch you today. Been on vacation spending $ in San Diego this week
#following back manito
:) RT : Fourth #Brewers bobblehead of 2012 will be given on 7/1 presented by Klement's. THE ITALIAN RACING SAUSAGE BOBBLE!
She was a fashion icon, w/clients from Paris to Saigon, from her office she viewed the horizon, on her wrist a bracelet of gold& diamonds
I just got birthday flash mobbed by my best friends , heather platt and my boyfriend Best gift ever.
Starting a fruit/veggie/water detox for the next 3 days with &
it starts at 2:45 right?
Didn't even hit the club wit and had fun wit her! Has to be a next time!
of course mawmaw carols Mac and cheese! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
If you can’t hold a conversation — and be a good listener — then very few will want to network with you.
good news is i have a perfectly seasoned roast in the crock with rutabaga, carrots and onions
no actually when i sent you that email asking you to do that i actually did want you to do that.
Well we got ahead of ourselves! Tmrw is LETS GET PHYSICAL FRIDAY! wear you 80s #Workout attire & get in for #FREE!
At Uhaul borrowing a truck to transfer all donated computers to another storage facility. :)
I just wanna be good to you <3
how about "next stop, GENDA?" Transfolk need jobs more than they need pot.
I miss u Katie.Heaven will be kind. No more pain.I hold you tight in my heart.
would you offer your throat to the wolf with the red roses?
we love you all. we'll be back soon. stay hungry. stay foolish.
we BOTH just hash-tagged MNF, even though it's Sunday. Yup, long day.
boyd, met you at an event in DFW with Wes Peterson, I'm writing a book and thought of you, curious, who do you publish with?
you say that everytime and you don't get shit
Sometimes you have to cross the line just to see where it lies.
nevermind.. I understand. Blame it on my hair color.
thanks! nothing but nuts!
In my mind sounds like oh... When I'm gone it feels like oh.....
Only if you're drinking acai juice! It too is a Pacman for cancer. Cancer Pacmen everywhere!
I remember that from The Sandlot! “: RT Heroes get remembered but legends never die #55 #FightOnForever”
Either you had a very privileged childhood OR you've been dabbling in the world of NipTuck. Regardless; We Approve
you two are gorgeous
Statistically, your chances of winning the lotto are not measurably improved by buying a lottery ticket.
Henry Clay People, She and Him, Pearl Jam
Does anyone have a bike that they don't want anymore???? I'm in need of one!
Recipe: Authentic Taco Truck Cinco de Mayo Pork Tacos - Washington Times
13 coins! What a delightful place.
Good old Milwaukee
New location of H&M in Cumberland Mall. Nov. 19. Stylist Gretta Monahan offers fashion tips. First 100 in line get $10 - $100 gift card.
no I live in new York
The Bob Seger concert tonight was so awesome! another rockin' night!
Thanks so much for following me, Lynn!
I checked out ya video shit was hot
yay I'm excited! I'll be able to have somewhat of a social life now! Ah
: any ideas? RT : Do y'all have a traveling lab program? How about any resources on Forensic Entomology?
Starting today, #ForrestGump "quote of the week" every week. Enjoy!
That was gift I have her :)
Entraction Latest Online Poker Network to Rebrand: Now Known as IGT Poker Network .
You know that uneasy feeling when you have a lizard lost in your house? I have it. Right now.
Its about the process, not the product; attention to the process yields a good product
what happens when you lose trust with an old friend? it's hard to renew the relationship. sad.
thanks Bee, very interested in adding to your list of places to consider, amazed #Newark isn't on it yet, it's a fab town!
Pretty good, just enjoying my life at the moment :), How's your's going ?
#Professor Scott Warfield from #music department addresses LIFE #students today on #university campus in
"Paint a black hole blacker"
congrats Matt #JamesBeardAward. Clap clap clap !!!
From the AP: The Department of Defense says a 21-year-old Wisconsin soldier has died in Afghanistan. Spc. Ben Neal was killed by an IED
Splendid. Couldn't be better. How are you?
I got a plan to get us out of here
The secret of life is in art.°- Oscar Wilde
What's the difference between a man and E.T.?E.T. phoned home.
Movies friday alone ''/
Boarding RT: Nashville, it's going to be a good one tonight w/ 30 mins to take the westbound train
wassup! How u doing. So happy for u, keep making that $$$ man!! Lol
I'm chill.
While opening gag gifts at bday party, The Teen: "Oh, white out!" She wasn't being sarcastic.
I'm working on being "warmer" to people. It's hard.
it's pretty obvious... Messi can't handle all of Ronaldo's Academy Awards
Hope to see you all on 5/18 in Denver!
thanks buddy, I appreciate that!
HELP PLEASE: What "career corner" question should we answer in our upcoming newsletter? Last time it was about salary negotiations.
GOOD LUCK, Emily!!! You've got this. :)
Aren't me and Christina just too cute.! Lol
hey dont forget that the jets win vs redskins loss 19-34 !!!
I get kind of emotional when I watch :p I've watched every single episode and this is the last one ever
I have so much I want to do today but it's not going to happen if I don't go to sleep soon. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Mr. came here to kick ass and drink ice cold chocolate milk. And he's all out of ice cold chocolate milk.
yeah im loosin it (:
When your enemies are making mistakes, don`t interrupt them.
Reading Greenbuild program for fun
It's HOT in here. Can someone turn on the AC?
Ima do me .. So dont try to PLAY me !”)
wow are you serious?
I wear 14's in standard shoes and 19 in MOON BOOTS.
RT I'm taking my talents to South Beach...LOL. I'm takin mine to Bedford Hts. Today!!!
your amazing! & it would make my life, not just day, if you replied. What advice would you give to the PL liars?
A must listen RT We are changing today's show. The entire hour will be a tribute to
Considering I have school tomorrow, and will be home at around 4 AM, I feel like I'm gonna regret this. :'D
what u got ps3 or xbox
Hey , what do you think about a Pink for the ladies?
Alright, well I need to go to sleep. Past midnight. Goodnight all my lovely followers. Xx
Thanks for the follow, Panda!
Also seeking ways to convince grad students that DH is something they NEED to pay attention to no matter what their field is.
There you go! lol! :)
How cool is that?!?!?
okay just want to let you know..I use yolo as a joke, and not an actual excuse...though i should clarify
Ah ima be sleeping good tonight! :)
Seconded again! RT : Thanks for cosponsoring CAPP Act preservation tax credit bill w/ &
RT : Q4 Mix analytics, data driven mechanisms for delivering DAM images to the web/end user, youll find gold.
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "TSUNAMI" to the bartender and your first drink is free. Mahalo
Are you a musician in the #CLE? is looking for you! Sat, 6/23, 30 local musicians play on 30 porches. Always a good time.
.: Can you tell your followers about this weekend? Thank you kindly!
Using my to shoot video of my friend Amy getting current in the Cirrus this weekend! Her daughters will love seeing mom fly!
WHAT VID ARE YALL TALKING ABOUT?
If God brings you to it, He will bring you through it.
#little500 Where can I find the pictures from the Photo Booth before the Men's race?
Let's go Lakeshow
Happy to be sponsoring #bikenight all year long! Follow to find out what bike night we'll be giving away an iPad!
Wouldn't it be ironic if you died in the living room?
Suite Caroline to open for Alan Jackson this Spring.
Thanks so much for the mention!
I seriously wish I could lol
it's a triple date!
Oh aight, yeah I know he played @ a D1 school tho
Keep in mind, an excuse is a well thought out lie!
awe darn that's what I always used to get my gma so she could be smellin god <U+E405>
what it do friend!!! Pumped for some new jams?!?!
Neither ning, flux or bigtent are cutting it!
nba tonight clippers vs lakers
Best YouTube comment ever: "Thumbs up if you're watching this in 1932."
Oceana! “: Tell us some more great places to eat in New Orleans?”
Was that Einstein I saw riding out of the galaxy on a flaming muon?
hey stranger follow back
entertaining my central teachers.:)
you are the BEST!!!
Hey Brides!!! Did you all have a great time at ?? #weddings #bridal So excited to have a few brides stop by on Saturday! :)
Will you be sharing your silde deck from #sccol online? SLideshare? SOme other site?
RT Donating Jason Varitek's personalized Military Catching Gear. All proceeds 2 for the
Wow. crazy morning already.
YES! RT : all digital signage goes up Monday thru the meeting, thanks to !! Get this submissions in!
Houston billionaire trader John Arnold retiring at 38
Ah yeah! Boston Demo Day!!! presenting.
"sausage finger support" should exist in all touch-screen apps.
tell Thor to man up
took me ages to break down to buy the ISO doc for #orgpedia. Feel utterly had and cheated.
I get bored far too easily, it's probably my biggest downfall.
storage will be extremely expensive...
“We are made to persist. That’s how we find out who we are.” -Tobias Wolff
Blast My Chemical Romance, And Fist Pound At Jersey Shore BITCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! lol XD
caller crying in on the bucks? Jeez come on its the bucks another 500 season and getting in the playoffs as a 6-8 seed as usual
Wow amazing hike, even included some rock climbing.. Got dark on the way back but thankfully I ran into some cool folks to venture back with
thanks for letting me know! =-D
yeah son! On everything there was this small Chick fil A in the airport.
next time - I promise!
I believe I have caveman roots. Sometimes I leave the house without putting on any moisturizer.
Can you please enable support for #Chrome? It's my #browser of choice, and ran QL the best when it was supported by you folks.
Welcome back to Florida :D
hey QUIT FAVORITING MY TWEETS
Just listening to Newt Gingrich makes my brain hurt
Whatsup haha it's seems like its been forever
Female spiders eat the male spiders after mating. They know collecting life insurance is easier than child support. RT
not so hot yet :/ but I'm sure it will come around!
#Top100Lies "I only have one pen.."
Boy do we need a logo and twitter avatar! Could someone with skillz help us out here?
Andre 3000 is such a boss.
Listening now! Congrats on adding Peter F! to your team.
With my bestfriend for the night. (:
Emma made the mistake of feeding Joel dried seadweed snacks. Joel: "it tastes like i used kelp-flavored binaca."
Right back at ya!
At least I got a call! :)
Skeeball league at mothers!! Coming Feb 2012
And what an awesome, loving family it is!!
Next motherfucker that calls me between 6am and Noon is gonna get a series of prank calls from hell. I'm seriously sleep deprived.
Time.for some naughty action come get your chance with a stunning young brunette alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
Shrimp tacos at Chili's. Yum.
My heart hurts a bit. Just heard girl in next rm @ drs go from happy to crying in 5 secs as she got a shot. Now I know how my mom felt.
THATS HOW WE DO. (:
I just had a random thought. If you went to a sale today, would it be a Black Monday Sale? #Happy MLK Day.
So many talented people in this city
well good night twitter,,, for now
Chris Kreider is filthy
": If you're absent during my struggle don't expect to be present during my success.- Will Smith"
sorry must have missed you! We're headed to Elysium!
Definitely got sunburn today...
Who can I mention ?
Happy #Pi Day/Diabetes Awareness Day
thanks and kk(:
Yeah, baby!
no, i'm not sure who made it. just got an email about it and thought i'd promote it
Just bought my tickets for prom.ITS OFFICIAL
ahh i was hoping nobody saw that haha.
No I got it. Have a good time. See you tomorrow.
what do you hateabout EFL textbooks ?
"I am burdened with glorious purpose" haha love the Avengers
A woman in a Q-Bert inspired shirt just ran through the British Library. Perhaps it would have been more appropriate for her to hop?
What do you think? Analyzing Hip Hop. Cambridge Companion to Jay Z. Just throwing things out there.
"You need to learn your education!" & "If you are in this room, you are on notice!" are my fav lines from last night.
i am a hunter just waiting for sat morning
why is perfect? ?
“: Use CONDOMS today or buy DIAPERS tomorrow..”
I know I need to hit at least 1 #Fiesta event...but I no longer dig the gigantic crowds. Any suggestions?
EXACTLY I ALWAYS DO THT
What's a good net flix movie?
:) Congrats on your thesis, by the way! That's great news.
that's how I am with parenthood!
S/O to the homie doing his thing!!
Give us an example.
If somebody else wrote your bio on here for you I'm going to stab myself.
Lol I think you re right luvya2
hi Matt can u please follow me Te Amo <3
Hey I'm on and off during the holidays, but will try to catch you when I make it on
Excited to see and their latest 5th member.
I really need to get away. Three more days of school (fml) then FLORIDA :)
HEY DUMBASS IM NOT TALKING ABOUT YOU. Chill your balls
Had a dream that I went through my entire school day... Now I think its Wednesday
My mom made me wear a ...I'll admit it ...head retainer...lmao!!!!
The GOP will lose if Newt's the nominee..too many unethical, insider lobbying & big government deals.
Check out our friends at and try their Cuttlefish Cuvee, aged in wine barrels.
Thanks for following me! Hope you like my art!
City slowly coming back to life, lots of people walking in streets when sidewalks blocked, devon plowed, side streets not
its at the arena theater
I think should write a song and ft What do you guys think(: Hmm(:
CP3 is having an off day for sure.
John ate all the food does that get u mad lol
Let's go cowboys!!
Hell yeah, I feel good
Big bark-out to our new followers! We appreciate all of you!
plzz followw me I lovee u guys so much
At B&N cafe, devouring entrepreneurial books: Maverick Startup & The Power of Unpopular.
thanks love! Your the best
Just got back from a lovely Sunday drive :) went exploring and took some pictures. I hope they came out well.
Watching through my fingers. I don't usually have $ on the line.
Heart Disease Kills More People in Poor Countries Than AIDS, Malaria, or TB ... - Slate Magazine
should come to Omaha, Nebraska and play a show :)
I'm back baby!! Wedding and honeymoon are over; time to get this machine rolling again!
Fantasy Baseball Waiver Wire Pickups – Week 6 Pitchers
Do you give Being Photogenic lessons? Because I need some badly.
Sandalwood Rose soap is a mixture of "woodsy" and sweet fragrances. Perfect for a man or a woman.
lol no chance bob sinclair. He got a delux, heart you but not possible
If you don't know too much about my personal life, there's a reason. You'll see what I want you to see.
He was wearing a #Kembas Only jacket
#BoyzHitCanada plzz we're out of the U.S and if you came here it would be the most exciting thing ever if you saw plzz RT
Hold me when I'm sad, kiss me when I cry. Make me laugh when I'm down, and love me until I die.
looking forward to this EP everyone is talking about.
Bills have two of the top 3 draft picks in 06 with Vince Young and Mario Williams
Great picture!
All things considered, having a Kathy Smith pep talk was a good way to end the week.
Phrase "we want to go from data to knowledge" perpetuates reductionist approaches to both. -
Y'all are assholes. RT : she's such a douche-__-
With being classy & talented I thought she would have saved last ngt over Mr bad attitude. Talent doesnt =success.
I challenge you to start to begin to think positive everyday and see what happens. You will be amazed at the results.
Thank you very much!
director, writer, & producer
I wish I could buy a haircut online.
If I email or fax you a scan of a thing I signed, why do I then need to mail you the original? Why wouldn't I just mail it to begin with?
Need new people to text.
Thanks very much for the RT. I love New Mexico.
same here hey dm me?
That awkward moment when the bar bathroom features nicer hand soap than what's available in your apartment.
our pleasure!
The Cab is playing tonight at Warehouse Live!
#c21nonhuman we have tweet paralysis & yet will all share a far off look in our eyes of those who witnessed & tried 2 meet w/ Morton's mind
Thanks to my moms stupid car, I won't be attending escuela today.
I tell em' I'm saving myself for Mr.right
Got the final copy of my demo video. Still not happy with the material on it. It'll work for now. I guess I'm picky but it is MY CARRER!
Was this the right thing to do? Are we doing this right? I was so right then, but it feels so...different now.
It's good to be back.
If you are at #dse2012 in Vegas today, keep a look out for our VP Tim Gorman.
Too much snow! Lol
I've really enjoyed it. It gets away from circular arguments on design offering something pragmatic and theoretical.
Birthday celebrations: Adams Morgan or Barrack's Row? Thoughts Twitterverse?
nice and sexy
no problem i'm in debt anyways ...and yea they'll have them for game 4 and 6
I like my woman soft spoken, But my weed loud.
wait... what? when did i miss this announcement?
see you there!!!!
We need event host sites! Send a message, for further details.
Thanks for the shout out. Right back at cha!
Tie btw Grape and Apple!
HEY YOU! sign up for the guard class.
So I guess the employees at Jiffy Lube are used to people spitting in their face...?
Another day and another step closer to making my dreams come true.
I can certainly check on availability for you, but you'll want to book online or call our in-house reservations...con't
Men can be hoe's too.
I really hope i'm not getting sick
I think im gonna release an unreleased song I did with later today!
So grateful to get my hot yoga fix this am. Here I come slow flow. Babies need a new face for a few hrs as well.
There's always that one person that makes you want to raise your middle finger every time they speak to you
came to LA for college and have stayed here since. love adventure, travel and meeting people. unsure of life but who isn't.
A guy in uniform <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
has a cat problem. lol
SO READY.
we have all day tomorrow though :)
Happy birthday!:))
RT : No Country for Poor Men
Reading ' Miss Peregrine's Home For Peculiar Children. I may have to watch a kid's movie before bed to avoid nightmares tonight…
Gimme head before we fuck
Quora gets top people in multiple industries to answer difficult questions - a high qualitative difference from other sites.
If anyone would like to know I am from the ground as said I am a potatoe!
it would mean 1 class mon, wed, every other friday and the other class tues, thurs, every other friday. Or some schedule like that
I don't want to put on uniform <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> ugh
I'll stop tweeting now.
NaLee a vividly rich mermaid fantasy sexy and mysterious and bold check it out NaLee2010.com or Amazon.com
Graduate in June & still looking for a job? Check out the Columbus Career Fair this Wednesday, 10:30a-2p at the Aladdin Shrine Temple.
we're pretty excited to show them off! Hope they turn out!
Eh, I can live with that.
that was an amazing video! :-D
we had press box spillage on a shirt. Coke is the culprit.
1 of the most wonderful smells in the entire world is the scent of fresh coffee beans being ground
Someone at work today decided to include a male coder on a project email and left me off. I'm project lead. Have been for > a year
Did you skip geography classes? Are you saying that Westmoreland County counts as Pittsburgh proper?
Can’t decide what we’re looking forward to the most today. Volleyball, people-watching, or buckets o’ beer…..
I just love <3
Moracco bomb an accident? Come on now!
Heck yeah! Thanks!
I hope you'll come back to me.
tough choice! Let us know what you decide.
today is my birthday, he bought me a baseball game ticket.
'': Round of applause!!!'' yes I know the nuggets got a crucial road win
At urban active
I ate an entire baguette by myself today. And I made scones. Now I feel gross and want to barf.
rub one out it'll help you sleep real quick lmfao
Mine & emoji convo at this moment >>>>
Hey is DJing at Mobys in Fells Point tonight
:- ) ... few statewide losers like him
Welcome to the twitter world!!!
you guys are gonna be the best roomies ever
jeans yes
Congrats! I just saw GradFly won 3rd place at this weekend. Awesome!
Just ordered some nice flower bouquets to give to both my grandmothers tomorrow. There are so many beautiful flowers in Medellin.
As long as I grade it and get it back to you within the class period, you're fine.
Don't we all lol": I need jesus"
Hey let's you, me, and play some shows. You in?
Standing the bathroom of the Boy Scout Museum seeking shelter from tornadoes.
Oh hello there gorgeous attractive guy at Barnes & Noble.
Love acting stupid w <U+2764>
Sorry for your lost.. RT : RT : #Fielder's goodbye?
"Drupal" sounds like the name of a sad orphan boy from India.
never. I follow you b/c great content, always informative, always professional.
All I need is a Lil of your good time
yes, yes it will :') lol hopefully
hungry ass lil boy!... i dont got my whip
What the hell it was sunny with clear skies today & all of the sudden I see lighting? -.-
Pretty excited for Dr. Lowery too! I feel assured she will be a good steward for our RTT grants.
If suspending Amare & Diaw for leaving the bench in 07 was just following the rules then Rondo better be suspended for the bumping the ref
Are you (have you ever been) in a relationship in which you feel badly treated by your partner? In what ways?
Listening to my mom sing on her college gospel choir record......im beaming right now. I love hearing her sing.
Houston Hoops v Athletes First goes into OT
Finishing up the final scripts!
what bout him
Did he just say he bout to come ova..come if u want Yo ass gon b outside..wanna b a dog I'ma treat u like 1 <U+E105>
Merry Christmas If you were a reindeer, you'd be the "buc"-est of 'em all baby!!
i've decided to be a coffee-drinker again. or maybe my baby and wife decided for me.
The Fibonacci sequence converts miles to kilometers—for each number in the sequence (miles), the next number is the same distance (km).
In case you're not paying attention anymore, Kloppenburg just opened up a 140 vote lead with 10 precincts left to report.
Why would an agent want to talk to will sheehey or Peyton Siva? Every top recruit gets an extra look from NCAA. Because its uk, it's public
LOL I haven't even heard it yet - send that to me!
Favorite villian = Maleficent. Has her own beauty. Calm, collected & in control. Knows how to use power & when.
Did you have like, the trading cards?(:
Make one person happy each day even if its yourself. :)
I hate how my mom holds onto my money...
fersure, wii wheel meat won dey
Ugh I hate living on Cleveland Ave. In Altanta Ga
#10thingsaboutmyself I'm single and ready to mingle
good luck!
Thanks! RT : My favorite resource right now is - finding new and unique voices in #highered worth following.
I wish i was on the titanic.<3
Great game, whenever that was.
Congrats to for winning the 3rd quarter pool!
How did I get talked into being a pregnant ninja tonight? What's your #Halloween costume, peeps?
got my cooking life focused again...all I do now is cook and make beats
BRING YOUR BOOK TOMORROW!!!!! LOL ;)
I don't want to struggle no more I know that I deserve so much more I shouldn't have to settle for less I don't want to live 2 check 2 check
Wow wow wow
Our records show that we haven't heard back from you regarding revisions sent - have you tried contacting our customer care?
": grad students: write a dissertation on the appropriation of the V for Vendetta masks by #Anon and #OWS. Success will follow."
I read your letter to Danielle wow that's so sweet
Sinus infections suck :(
Great blog! Thanks, ^Carel.
Forgot to mention new Loofah Bar "Bountiful Bar" round big bodacious loofah/soap that scrubbs "not only your fee!t but your whole body
Watching NHK news and can't help but read the names of the deceased as they scroll across the top of the screen...
Stop being a fucking bitch to me, I did nothing.
Marcio Liete feeds it to Hewerton for another goal. Lead pushed to 13-8 over
#makesmesmile my nephew getting excited about making the highlights on #SportsCenter! "TiTi, Derrick Rose on my tv!!!"
praying for your happiness hope that you recover.
No cell service in the Berkshires, but experiencing some music magic already - heard a Russian men's quartet wafting from a nearby church.
With Verizon iPhone do you pay separately for text messages or is that included in data plan?
especially given that income fell 2.2% I suppose now is certainly the wrong time for a tax increase? or is it the right time?
Thanks for the mention. Back atcha.
Boulder's Home of the Blues tonight at 7:30! We're lookin' forward to this one - should be a hoot!!
The pencil I'm holding says, "Someone has to win. Why not you?"
relishing this last day of vacation. It took me two days to wind down. a three day vacation is just a tease.
And remind people, that under a Republican, Bills like the "NDAA" would become Law. Pres. Obama is standing firm on his Veto of said bill.
Yes, with O365 and / or a two factor authentication / VPN situation.
When your phone goes off in class and everyone starts coughing to cover up the ring tone from the teacher. Well done team.
after ur bday rented the great muppet caper. similar to the nyc one there r a lot of refrences that most kids would never get
"Giving is very important BUT receiving is also equally important"
BC Kidd is not known for that. They knew it was accidental.
Anybody can rap, but is where it's at ;).
atl with this music i told u rick ross producer got my mixtape but everybody think im rushing moving to fast
Wow. I hate you.
Tell chris mintz-plasse to follow me please man he is my bro and you are 2
Why is it 100000 degrees on this bus??? Seriously I feel like I'm going to throw up
same with Stanford's government docs. Total earthquake death trap
I am unthankful for this #Nickelback performance at the #Packers half time show.
#Shoutout to my daughter
New term for me in future of BI session @ #premier100conf -"ITization of the consumer"
FYI - Our town hall meeting in Ward 7 on Tuesday evening has been moved to Pennsylvania Avenue Baptist Church
Some of Firehook's older customers will no doubt remember our very first store, on Lee Street, one block up from the Old Town waterfront.
Spelled your name wrong.
ok introducing you two on twitter now ;)
Thanks for the RT !
Cried this morning when I read about Mariano. The 1990s are over.
I want Austin to be famous and all, but not in my school. Anywhere else but there. Girls obsess over his looks, not his talent.
Thinking that all the settings are hooked up between Twitter, Facebook and ReverbNation. ::Crossing fingers that this message gets through::
Four horses were rescued by helicopter in Southern California after toppling into a ravine on their annual 4-day, 62-mile ride
Just finished photographing a great house in Tanoan for Lisa Guggino of Keller Williams Realty. Photos will be uploaded soon...
#3floydspub in a bit Zombie dust on tap what's good <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA>
Me, too! Committee of teachers! Double LOL. Misery loves company!
lmao...i know better than to say something like that!!!
OH WOW NO UR SUBSCRIBERS ARE FAKE like u HES WAY BETTER
thanks for the include and sending you good vibes and all! <U+2665>
that sucks. I thought she would be nice. Have changes started?
somebody be my chauffeur because I dont feel like driving
Our website just launched!! www.seventy7productions.com visit there for more updates!
that's the kind of backside that Smokey on Friday would say #DAAAAAMMMMN!
it will certainly save me a boat load of money and then i can buy that sewing machine (I wanted to shout that)
oh man, in my incident he was crawling around the set on all fours...
#Random I Love Redbones
Just a kiss is enough (:
What sort of godless Communist isn't down with #rapperswithbananas?
I wish Alex Jones and all his listeners would deboard their spacecraft.
awww thank you :D
Follow for more the baby grand stuff!
; RT if you love all your fans (;
is so hot in my hose smh
agreed, that shit is classic
its not finished though
how did Oregon do today? R u happy?
Thanks,you can enjoy in you`re day!
Wow, I'm impressed dear!
Opening a new escrow today! Its still a great time to buy real estate, give me a call today!
awesome game! RT “: Way to go Kansas. What a great game!!! Bring it Kentucky.”
Simple Ways to Knowledgeably Choose a Cycling Bicycle That You Desire
Yes, me too! That's how you know she's been involved in the designing process... I see a part of her in every piece.
S/o hit his 1st game winner against STL Eagles. Nice put back, way to crash the boards! REBOUND KAVIN!
We care about the story over data but realize that even funders have boards that demand data to prove investment success.
Ill be your friend, or i could be your 2nd girlfriend (;
That's nice. What? How much is the salary nmn? And when are u gonna start teaching?
Yes, even retaining parity of D2's feature set would be an improvement. :) Surprised, given the value of retaining players.
same here
Congrats! way to go with honoring teachers tonight!
Twitter ... for now you are my only social media ...
By Twitter's very nature, we invite the voyeur into our lives. We're exhibitionists.
RT : RT : Cold beer, free BBQ, live country music all at the 3rd Annual Texas Brew B Que Festival in Buda!...
Congratulations to Woody Allen: "Midnight In Paris" wins The Writers Guild of America's top honor, "Best Original Screenplay." OSCAR!!
Doppest beats ive heard inna while!...L's Up!
dadyj told me id have to work it...If i wanted to roll with u....
Missing my boo already <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Good morning - we're checking on our KY, TN and North GA friends; hope everyone and their furry friends made it through the heavy storms...
Will there be lamb at the tailgate? M can't wait.
I wouldn't say that you a hoe, just made a hoe decision.
Our society definitely needs overhaul in #values. #Chastity, #self-respect, not necessarily associating #sex w/love must be taught.
Listening to "the only band that ever mattered"...
Real tweet, Scott fell from his balcony at the shore club many floors down & by the grace of God landed on lil Wayne's balcony! Lol
well come see us again some time! We're announcing some dates very soon
BREAKING NEWS: CBS News is estimating Rick Santorum as the winner in Minnesota.
what about it?
hmm...a lot of sirens in OTR today....wonder what's going on??
#imagine you are at this party and you are dancing when Niall comes from behind u and pulls u closer to his body and you have a dirty dance
CEC Derby Day - be listening to Chris & Monica on KPLA during the 9am hour!
LinkedIn Tip of the Day-Be sure to add Skills to your profile (up to 50). LinkedIn has tipped their hand on just how important this will be…
you were right I wouldn't think so
Wall St. following yesterday's pattern. Key averages rally off early lows.
RT : Why can't I do my Sociology paper?! No motivation whatsoever.
Notes and cards are more than signs of appreciation, they suggest someone is not only courteous, but well bred.
The sale starts 11pm eastern. I can not wait..
sick of goading his self-loathing he thinks, i think i'd better leave 'course whiskey makes me smarter and i'm happy as can be
'water for elephants' is such a cute move.. Love love love Reese Witherspoon !!
tezza that is great news. It's all bc of how hot you are in it!
RT I know! That is hands down my favorite place to run in the city:)
#YouNotUglyBut You attitude is
Sometimes I look at my friends and think to myself, "Where did I meet these crazy people?" But then I think "What would I do without them?"
I would love to talk to you about that!
Proud to be drama/sucka free.
The Easter egg hunt at Patterson Park today has been canceled.
Know of any commercial kitchen vacancies?
follow back beautiful and tell your friends to follow as well and we will hook you up!! :)
touche! If Boston keeps the offensive up the Yankees are in for a bumpy ride in that series!
“: Zack Greinke threw 76 pitches today, and estimates at least 20 of those were cut fastballs. #Brewers”
For a last minute gift idea how about a gift card for sod? Nothing says Happy Holidays to the ones you love better than sod.
The first plans: Chaco Canyon and mountain biking in Cloudcroft.
RT old programmers never die, they just lose it bit by bit. [cute and scary]
What would you pay per month for guaranteed parking 100% of the time no matter where you go?
Thank You! I #love being a part of the team!! :) RT : We love having you on the team!
Gonna Watch ATLEAST 30 More Times Before It Comes Out On DVD
Thank god for that totally authentic and not hokey at all salute to the troops during the NFL Draft.
Thru the darkness the light enables u 2 see that u needed the darkness to see the light
Great to run into you by chance!
ok all try telling him ok!!! Hahahaha
stocks for dummies is a good one. I have it and its a good one
So...I'm getting sick. Yay.
Increased the Awesomeness!
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. ~Mark Twain <--- ain't that the TRUTH! RT :
Up...bored & alone of course :/
yay! My stepdaughters are in love with that stuff! I'll be cool for 1/2 a minute if I pick one up for them!
Is this pre or post coitus? ATL in 4 days. Hell yeah!
Wish I could turn back the hands of time.
pulled my quad today...it feels great.
haha I saw this during math and it made me laugh out loud. Haha.
Card 74, where are you?!
We were so close, RT Bites: Restaurant Review: Upstairs at the Ten Bells in London
It takes two to speak the truth - one to speak, and another to hear
We are very thankful for our customers. Thank you!
should I work on the 20, 25, or 30 pager today? Decisions, decisions.
idk get him on here
Sounds like some of ch 7's occasional automation errors. #joke. Hey, when does Craig come out of repeats? Next week?
Some pple are delusional. Few basics. FB friends r not always true friends. U can't expect to have a bf relationship with ur ex.
Patti left for a writing retreat this morning and left her iPhone on the kitchen table. Do you think she is communicating something?
The new turntable.fm lobby is a nice upgrade
Patience is of Essence. Most skin growth conditions require more that one treatmen .keloidsurvey.com
Any one know how to resize the window an embedded #GoogleDoc text document appears in?
Thanks..coming soon“: Aren't you doing any more movies? Loved your Turiya act in 's GNGM actually.”
Listening to my police scanner.... Its goin down tonight.
lol I'm waiting for this follower to get their LIFE TOGETHER! Lol
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed it.
c'mon Google+! let me use my invite! please! :P
ladies love me
The past was brought up in conversations THREE times today. I hate thinking of things and getting sad. :(
I'm wearing yellow pants today:D
Telemedicine company 1DocWay increases patients access to specialists & expands hospitals reach into underserved areas
Sorry Ted Turner, it's #COYOTE TIME
What's a man's idea of foreplay? A half hour of begging.
yeah I do remember ...still too bad
If ya drink, dont drive. If ya drive, dont drink. And if you must drink and drive.... Drink Crown Royal... Dats good sh*t! just jokes!!!!!
No Soy Solo una Fan, Soy una Party Rocker de Corazón <U+2665><U+266C>
Who do you like for best picture? Avatar?
wHO WAS THE 100TH LIKER PLEASE COMMENT I WOULD LIKE TO GIVE YOU A SHORT STORY/IMAGINE! ~ASHLEY
Any celebs attending the "Ring" next week? http:/www.jarrettburch.com
text me back!(: lol
I'm a hit you up
Need some point in the Hawaii Bowl! Lots of them...
happy birthday! :)
Does anyone have any idea how to get a book into the iTunes Bookstore.? I have a crazy idea.
Lotta hype about Peter Luger being the best steakhouse in NYC. we shall see.
Omfg my phone is about to die*looks for charger n Walgreens to plug phone in*finds socket*
get out the popcorn. Enjoy the show.
I walk into my room to see in gold booty shorts listening to Japanese pop music all by himself... this is my life.
Ooh cam hardly wait to get my hands on these
Consider: A week's supply of weed for an average smoker is a FELONY! Keep it in the house, or keep my number in your phone! 713-222-7577
Can u ever get too close to someone???
yep he's cracking the whip....LMFAO
Bitches be Fallin in love too easy these days... And they wonder why they get their heartbroken so often.
Things happen for one reason
Refresh Jail u can catch me on instagram: Polo_Tae24
can't wait to hear speak to about the power of engaging women!
I'm writing a fanfic! RT to be Zayn's girlfriend. Favorite to be Zayn's bestfriend! (must be following me)
"He was greasing the monkey right there. Now by greasing the monkey I mean he was taking the monkey and applying greast to it"
yes we should lmao
I was just caught off guard! they came out of nowhere!
this e n t i r e week has been weird.
Monday is the best day of the week. No more of that weekend crap. We get the pleasure of going back to working for The Man. Best feeling!
Boy am i gonna have a long day!goin to bed close to 2:30 and gotta wake up at 6:00 2 be ready at 7:00!
where are you, twin?
Deal reduces Greek debt ATHENS, Greece - Greece's private creditors agreed Friday to take cents on the euro in the biggest debt write-dow
Holmstrom doesn't know what he's going to do, admits the pain and lack of ice time plays a huge factor
Officially for in your bridesmaid dress Girlfriend .... Actually a little lose :)
Once inside, she observed a 2 to 1 ratio of guys to girls at the party. Is this correct?
yea will see, that's why we ate a super power and you bow down, plus your country can't go into debt, for what theirs nothin
I got a $20 bill that says no one's ever seen you without make up...
oh hhaaha! what kind is it?
My no-spill bubble tumbler is pretty much my bff. Love parents' eyes when I hand it to their 15 mo old!
fuck you guys you're both stunning beautiful girls don't let shitty bitches say other wise ok
"Dylan was only 30, I don't know why they needed a new Dylan" "Was a wolf in sheep's clothing" when he was signed keynote
:* today's gonna be a good day! I can feel it!
4:42 pm in Chicago right now and 5:42 am in Malaysia. I'm battling this case of jet lag and losing.
I'm about to show some old ass pic of me and my closest followers haha
I'm conflicted. "Wash bears" makes these nuisance animals sound so ... freaking cute.
I don't know as to if I will get my phone back tomorrow either.
a date with Adam Levine and eating cheesecake have the same results. They both go straight to your thighs
and i dont give a FUCK
My faves are No Idea and Elevate!!
congrats on the launch! Just waiting patiently to give it a try now.
No matter how old I get, I still get scared when I'm going up stairs in the dark haha
I must admit looks to damn good ;)#no lie
breaking news. This just in. NOT. ; )
wish you hadn't said that...
LAL winning the NBA championship this year tho...
How very brain damaged of him to say RT : #Ricky Williams doesn’t believe there’s a link between concussions and brain damage
Indeed :) Scotland is on our list! Woohoo T- a lot of days
this Presidential Address should be called, "GOP, you just got served"
A women that adertise herself to appeal to the lust of a man fleshly desires will never reach the strength of his soul his #true treasure!
Virginia Book fest. Yeah!!
The yoke of American Exceptionalism is infinitely bearable when we wear it for our own children.
So then why have ANY electeds live in town? I'm starting the Vote for Carlos for Mayor of Tucson campaign today!
i smoke weed like its oxygen ;D
are you from Dorchester? (ask Ashlee)
Niall Horan is beautiful. Always has always will. :)
#educomm there are a lot of lecture capture solutions here. How do we tell which is really best?
I didnt till very recently! Thanks #Amex!
The new donut that we're introducing at Sunday's fills me with joy.
umm...Suddenly I love the "Cat Daddy" dance. I wonder why
It was a promise to herself that she knew she couldnt keep.
is heading down to , music, client activation and more!
Is back in BoCO for the weekend. Friends, Family, and F-U-N!
I know :( I had already quit but this last final pissed me off so yeah .____.
Life is about right now in this very moment. Not tomorrow, not yesterday, but NOW. Live it!
putting finishing touches on EP mixes at howl street studio today! feels good. real good.
I would apologize, but I don't realize what I'm doing wrong.
I think i broke my foot :/
4:30 am. Going to bed, finally.
Not only is it #ThirstyThursday but we also got #NFL!! Who are you guys rooting for?
Happy #worldbooknight Chicago!
Haha RT ": Bar Pet Peeves: The woman who thinks her kindle deserves a bar stool."
I miss that 80's & 90's music shit now a days ain't real + its water down fuck with mainstream i knock underground -in my E-40 voice
happy birthday man.
alrighty folks, who wants to come to Aerosmith with me?
Live 's Douglas Dinner: LA Mayor Villaraigosa, Natalie Portman, Dem Leader Nancy Pelosi, Elie Wiesel
YAY! I'm glad you're finally getting one! RT: i can follow you on Instagram when I get my iPhone next week!!
They fight constantly and I finally brought it up to her the other day because it's upsetting her but she can't stop
umm so Tinie Tempah sucks as an artist just found that out 2 seconds ago listening to him just brought me down
everybody follow for music videos and screen plays. hit em up!! they are highly recommended by me
i got butterflies in my stomach , when you kissed me ! <3
Cheers. Have a great week.
Can't look at my phone in peace
Did I just hear a trader on CNBC actually say if these numbers today are good, buyers will come out of the woodwork? Where has he been?
that's disgusting!!!
Starting some more acting classes with one of the best coaches their is!! Can't wait!! Watch out L.A. here I come!!
#pissedoff can't follow no one wtf
Apparently they were asking residents about 2008 murder of Melvin Seal at the corner of Morse & Montello. Why? dnk
I've made more typos with the auto-correct on my iPhone than I did with my old phone.
At Dr. Seuss's movie Lorax with kids. Rae is housing popcorn like there's no tomorrow. Nice diet!
Running Me Some Bath Water...
making myself a malibu and orange juice and watching the muppets till I pass out. haha!
Cant wait into i can go back to sleep this some b's to be up 4 reason
Amen “: I hate how commercialized Boxing Day has become. #keepingitreal”
I love but had a couple concerns that I wrote to them about. Now I am even more impressed with their response. Love them!
that's my favorite cupcake shop! Enjoy!
Oh gawd I'm dying RT : AMATEUR CAFE FIGHTING! YOU KEEP YOUR HANDS OFF MY LATTE, BITCH!
The Panthers knock off Butler for the second time this season in overtime at Hinkle Fieldhouse 86-80!
Cause them thirsty bitches that's that shit I dont like
Morning Rockstars! > Those that make the best use of their time have none to spare. - Thomas Fuller
Now is when i wiah i had someone that would come over when i called... Or had a bffle
In the United States, there are 300,000 men who are blind and 1.1 million men with impaired vision. Remember to visit your eye doctor guys!
RE:Blame - Let's STOP the blame game; it's divisive. How can we collaborate? Parents and Schools are Partners.
you can in the outdoor seating area!
soccer. Ugh. This one guy is standing right behind me hollering. I'm about to say something.
. Rams should have a ton of good players in 2_3 yrs. Holy crap they got alot of picks!!!
yeah sure ! -anna
Good Morning Tweeties it's like 90 degrees in NYC and seriously humid drink plenty of water to stay hydrated...have a wonderful day!
Mm waiting for the brownies I just put in the oven!! :)
Oprah Winfrey and actor Derek Luke were bullied due to Childhood Sexual Abuse. When are we going to get serious about this problem?
Can't wait to board the plane on Friday. I'm off to spend Christmas and New Year's in Peru. Machu Picchu here I come!!!
"WATCH IMPACT NETWORK THE NEW CHOICE FOR POWERFUL CHRISTIAN PROGRAMMING ON DISH NETWORK CH 9397 retweet this
ANDY'S BACK ANDY'S BACK ANDY'S BACK!
Thanks for the RT!
#travisportersongsilove Over Again.
#swarmingtermites we are under attack here in new orleans...termites everywhere...getting in the houses..is it the moon doing this?
Great ! Looking forward to meet you !
BREAKING: Reports from NY say the NBA and its players have reached an tentative agreement.
and your from where again ?
Go Bulls! RT : The Bucks face the Chicago Bulls here in Wisconsin tonight at 8:30 p.m. Go, Bucks!
Hey Guys! as they have been?
just had a mini concert o Beyonce get me bodied the extended version. :-):-):-):-) lol
: ”#Success + #winning comes crom the decisions and choices you didn't do.”
come stop by and enjoy a delicious treat!
I see "devoted mother". Only saying.
bord cant wait until friday bethany miller gets to come over
If u had called yesterday, as was suggested, that $40 fee wld have been avoided.
My 1st Nat'l #Speakers Assoc. meeting was today w/President Loved it! So exciting to finally join & learn from so many pros.
Every day is the same.. so over it
I know Joel. I KNOW.
How pumped is for today's speech ?
You can say anything critical of psychiatry to psychiatrists but no docking space in their brain for those ideas Fullilove
6 years ago this week, I realized my calling in life was to be a librarian. I'm sadly not working in it now, but I will one day.
's single Missin You Crazy came out on #iTunes today. You should go buy it cause it's #awesome. :)
the USA is missing you!
Good game Miami Heat, Now lets get that championship. # GO HEAT.
Can't wait to wake up for school
THANKS FOR THE #FF!
HOLY CRAP!!! Most I've ever found was $37.
what's your number again?
Oh man. The person(s) who vandalized all those eastside cars has an ugly karma....
So nice out. Why do I have to do this stupid Spanish project
i thought your in Miami with your in 2 places at once...
well i figured you started and then got distracted by twitter :P and thats why i was no longer getting txts from you
No hurting the poor textbook! Tis author's fault. Gotta have fun & get bad experience outta your head. :-)
i kind of want to paint but i'm afraid i'll fuck up and i don't feel like going out and buying canvas again
as always I wish u all the best
Don't get me wrong, Ubuntu is great but I am less interested in making Linux Desktop Dominant in the market. I <3 good sftwr.
and now i am feeling that my next job will be found by zen archery- visualize the target and it will be there.
You said it, not me.
things are going good for sure!
I can't watch this anymore.
Check out my live event: http:\\www.rif.org\live
I want greasy food...
RT : Telling me black women don't watch hockey #flagontheplay~ yu like hockey??? Lol
that was sheer chance right there SMDH.......congrats on a successful fundraiser.
Thank you for the kind words!
Lmao don't encourage that Bible bag
so, i ordered "autograph pages" to go with my yearbook.. hah, what was i thinking?
Congratulations Mike!!
Brick by Ben Folds Five
Have to go and get album
RT : I just interviewed acclaimed TIME Magazine writer and author Amanda Ripley for our Ready Radio podcast. Holy wow. Awesome.
11 y.o. and 14 y.o. fighting about fonts. 14 y.o. mortally wounded by 11 y.o.'s use of Cambria. "What about Georgia?" "AAAAAGH!"
damn im sorry love
AWESOME service! Surprising food!! Delicious.
Truer words have never been spoken.
Isn't that part of the determination--knowing limits?
earth yeah!!!
Nope sorry man.
Lol my Grandma is funny
so weird. It kept on showing me one of my drawings for a different game
RT : There are over 60,000 alumni on ... connections await the Big Orange!
RT : Three day weekends should be mandatory. Agreed!
SO to all the Vegas men & women playing in the NCAA & NIT tourneys.
Wow thank you!!! thats sweet dude
Much obliged, you awesome peeps! :-)
#beastmode never sleeps
Watching this REDICILOUS show about Russian people in New York , called #RussianDolls,.... #wtf .
For every $25 Gift Card purchased at Fatso's on Friday Nov. 26th 11:30am-9:00pm, you will receive a coupon for a free half dozen wings!
aww, group hug.
might get a puppy
are you covering Libya atm?
Could you just pop in and tell him I'll be there that traffic is horrible pretty please?
How much love does one have and why does it end in heartache? They say love conquers all......I believe, do u?
Can portfolio theory save lives? - EmpowHer
75% of wild birds die before they are 6 months old. #odd facts
If evEry boy could be like </3
I'm talking my dog is going to be a talking dog that has a talking dog as a pet
no one else has it done either haha
If I could write about just Christians I would be done by now
Who is ready to talk books?
thank you!
Why we play games - the 4 keys to fun according to psychologist : novelty, challenge, friendship and meaning
Thanks Qasim. I hope all is well with you and your family.
Why was McGhee the choice for the pitch hit? Come on RR.
I also called them my sweeties and I haven't lived that down and it's been probably 25 years ago.
“: been MIA!! Sup..”been @ Loca Luna how u been?
idk! But that needs to change!!
and about how to sneak out of peyote ceremonies...
Popsicle time :p
I'm voting for the Patriots to win the presidency
Just a reminder - we're open as normal tomorrow (Sat.) from 10-4, and will be closed on Sun./Mon. Have a safe and fun holiday weekend!
Eerily calm in N. Fort Worth...
Omg I'm soo effin full.. Geez! I hope you all had a wonderful yet safe Easter ladies & gents! xoxo
Library Collections for Teens, Neal-Schuman's first co-publication with VOYA, will be released later this month!
Betty I love you.
#raw10 Female reports n the Men locker rm, what do they expect 2 happen? Let me report n the Women loc rm and watch what Happens. Go Sparks!
Uhhhhhhghhh, m. I have a Melting pot-belly!
“Sometimes I wish I were a little kid again, skinned knees are easier to fix than broken hearts.”
Did I really just have a chance to meet selena gomez and couldnt???
Don't forget! #free webinar tomorrow, 2PM ET! Learn to use #video to #hire the right people! A must attend for #recruiters &
Excited though to start at American University in the fall, where I'll be teaching revolutionary america and early republic! (2/2)
: here we go with u being a bitch again..
Just realized I live right by the old Jillian's. There were some good shows there back in the day!
ANYONE ELSE DOING THE STEVE BURTON 90 DAY CHALLENGE? I NEED IT!
Text me~
IKR!? I want to watch his interview today but i dunno. He isnt helping at all
stop being brainwashed, know your facts, and think for yourself.
“: is robvic russian” nope he's black
I'm sufficiently creeped out because I think you're right.
Hi, we're a new church in your areas. Exciting & loving. Check us out & follow back & our pastor
waiting until you do *less* travelling . . . seems counterintuitive
Retweet re Arroyo's arraignment with Mikey Arroyo image is like bad omen. Kelangan ko na umuwi at magpabadlis
and place your hand on your hip.
Responsibility is the price of freedom. -Elbert Hubbard.
Bendiciones, I hope you guys do great!
Ur playn hard to get but oh if I getcha ur mine!
Thank you Catia Mota Da Cruz, cast from Fela! on Broadway, for conducting an exhilarating masterclass for our 9th grade dancers!
I am now a second year law student! Off to Chile for the summer!
It is the result of their deliberate actions, long persevered in, which they hold to be motivated by high ideals toward virtuous ends.
Irish actually. Now he's on Game of Thrones.
this is the greatist thing that could happen to the salsa industry. keep up the good work bobby.GODBless.
Mangled Socialist-News Broadcasting Co. ( MSNBC, for those of you ) breaks journalistic mold by creating ALTERNATE REALITY
Tat my name on you girl do I know it's real but I know that already
I'm tired
I gotta hit up the crew. Maybe Monday night tho.
What type of workouts do you like to do?
SportsRadio RT the air with us right now. Great guy!!
It's official. has the best taste in guys. HOTTIE OF THE WEEK 5<3
Thank-you<U+2665>
momma telling me this , like I care
Hubert Selby Jr documentary wasn't all that. Maybe I'm in a mood. Let's try Bukowski.
Thanksgiving upon us... Great time of the year to stop and reflect.... What are you thankful for?
The repetition give the statement a "talking points" feel.
thank you :)
hey mike...watched ur interview on piers morgan...ur a real sweet guy and an awsome family man...stay up bro, be well
any plans for a full album coming to stores or itunes anytime soon?
yeah buddy! Awkward hugs everyday!(:
Marc Gasol always has this look on his face like "Ugh...if only my name was Pau..."
good to hear the Jobs legacy will live on RT A Look at Apple's Handling of Customer Emails as Tim Cook Takes Charge
thanks for the mention Scott! Have a great weekend!
Most polarizing show on TV, I tend to agree with you. Have you seen #Veep? It's fantastic
Damn seriously i never met a female so thristy like damn
Getting hit on in Wal Mart. Nothin better.
Hey! Thanks for letting me take your ride for a spin!
We keep getting kicked out of the room (mercifully), so there's nothing better to do! :-)
I'm 23 years old & I'm speaking out about bullying, anti-gay harassment, and the silencing of the families and kids all around the USA.
that song is so damn good, you never fail me in your surpeme taste
have to watch this when I get home.
Enjoy! I always heard that was possible, but discussions stalled at the question of managing spare hardware
Not having a Cleveland team in the playoffs is so frustrating because I don't root for any other teams.
We share something so common Still so rare, uncommon all Never been here before
My phone isnt working my touch screen isn't working
any idea why ddot emergency crews have a sb lane of 16th bt U and T blocked to traffic?
S/O to happy birthday bro! Together since 1st grade! My boy
#myperfectmorning sitting in the garden in the sunshine having a lovely breakfast and a cuppa
I'll go with you... You need a sponsor. I'll be there every step of the way!!
ohh okay cool. Lol I'm from irvine :D
I wish more VCs and start-ups viewed it this way. So many lose out by hiring "potential" or from their network vs performers.
Hey any contact info for austin artists who want to participate in #HDYD?
Want to spend lotso money? Paxton Chophouse is THE BEST. RT : lookin for the best steakhouse in Omaha, any suggestions?
HELLO Mitt
Happy New Year! :-) 2012 I start up more college adventures!! :-)
Let's go Cano. Make up for that tag out
live and learn
nothing from yourself...
Oohhh Blakey I'm jealous!! Have so much fun I will be praying for you!!
I wanna be a YouTube partner.
Your Smile is #priceless #TIV2 :) <3 see what I did there ((:
I talk a whole lotta shit about track. Honestly, I loved it. Deep inside though..lol
this would be a good quote. Good job, keep it real.
Agreed! Perfectly timed considering all that's going on right now over here. American Puritanism can be so intolerant! :)
Sure enough the Dow is down 41 points in early trading. Since global effects and perception trump all else, the outcome is volatility.
Sell digital content you create! Make money from the content you create! Upload your music creations, ebooks, videos, there is not limit.
I will be waiting for my cupcake tomorrow morning!
Aww, that will be exciting!
that shit was fire fo'real!!! I had to post your vid on FB!
I missed twitter<3
Wow. So if you are full time you have to work every weekend?
or on weekends?
stay away from Twitter in ten minutes! Glee's coming on back east!
cant wait till u get bac to make first take what it is
Who the fuck is this wannabe, Jeremy Kyle? Kids these days have it easy. Don't blame the mother, her kids are bastards!
Spent my morning at City Hall meeting with new Council Members. Am impressed with them and their staffs.
Almost rode to work today. Almost.
I hope you feel better soon!
ight hit me when u touch ground
Is Bardstown still banned from going to that one museum in DC?
haha, I know, it's been a long week lol
Trying to do this thing called sleep but it's not working. Been over exercising, legs & butt feel so tight. Can really use a body massage.
you should feel proud, you're one of the select few whose tweets i have sent to my phone!
Alrighty, back to the grind w/the help of a little caffeine. new blog posts to come so stay tuned!
I've been good Chris:):)! Been ATL for a hot sec now!
s/o to all the absentee dads out there. i see you. *sarcasm*
We are pumped and ready for the game tonight...are you?! Less go CATS!
When did it play?
Come out to our show on the 16th at Showbox Market! We have tickets for $10 if you are interested!
The first day back to the grind after 8 days in Puerto Vallarta was a rough one. Can I get a glass of wine?
My dinners is on and halfway done.... Ladies if your dinner ain't done by 3:30 you won't be able to keep a
Haha me:marry me? bob:I'm!!
“: Side note... "The Avengers comes out next Friday!!!!"” WOOT!!
he said he dont care
Thank you, Matt!
hey Danny! It's my birthday! :D
He's the best!!!
my life is last minute
surfing. awww yeah.
Why are four way stops so confusing for people?
6pm would work for me :)
Bare feet? RT : If I don't have a sole, what would I have instead?
have funn we love u :)
then I take it we will cya in NYC Deb? :)
Great read. "In What Other Profession...."
hey thanks to everyone who put us over 1,000 likes. it's a cool milestone. really appreciate the support.
Bay Area no longer among 25 most-polluted regions - San Francisco Chronicle
Hey man Im a christian guy and 1st I wanna ask if you can follow me? 2nd I want you to know that I will be praying for you!
When you really fuck wit sumbody or love a person , Its hard watching sumbody else be with them cuz you feel like you the only one 4 them'
Those feelings you have for yur ex <<<<
should be watching the NFL draft if you ever want to outperform in fantasy leagues. Rnd 6+7 where champions are born!
I'm trying to figure out who my parents' hot neighbor is, and if he'd need a cup of sugar. And by "cup of sugar," I mean "blowjob."
If you die in an elevator, be sure to push the Up button.
coming soon at inkedibles
You're welcome! I always appreciate a good read about social media.
where are y'all??
yay! Only 10 hours left! $29 unlimited tanning, workout & 3 personal training sessions!
Dear bed, I'm Really sorry I left you, I don't know what I was thinking, Please take me back"
Its all good though
stop hitting woman
What's the soup today?!
around 4pm mountain time.I'm in Tucson.
Some great followers from this week:the
anytime man.
o what are we waiting for?
Thank you! RT : That's so awesome! So proud of everyone there. You are all amazing!
something into that stmt that something is missing. Seems like lot of NHLers have families, not just DA
Aint no woman like the one i got
Movies with joys <3
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one's courage
The only possible exceptions would be chicken, hot peppers, or dill pickles. That shit is delicious.
Same for me and eating bacon. Lots and lots of bacon.
im nit against it what ever gets Him out Of My division so we can win more lol
Wreck this app is fun as hell.
princeton is taken so dont trip
that's a great homegrown. good turnout?
Just read that Will Smith & Jada Pinkett Smith are starring in a new "Swiss Family Robinson". Does anybody else see the irony in this?
“: RT this tweet and will send 50¢ to help kids in foster care. #TreatItFwd”
Love my new beats by dre
Ahh. I wish I could watch it here in the States darn it!
We'll have to catch you next time then :)
Buddy Biancalana. RT : One of sports' most fun names: Joe DeLamielleure. Which are your favorite names to say?
Reason #93829 Why I Love IT- My coworker brought homemade baklava as a treat. There is no other field as diverse as Information Technology.
Never would have thought someone like a Tiger Woods would need to send an Inside/Out Three Squares Greetings card.
as well, Im sure Im guilty of esteeming my own opinions. have a great nite
yes please!!
this past semester: $812/credit hour.
#ireallywant the Golden Carp to bless me tomorrow.
does anyone actually retire anyway?
you used to be hilarious until you started tweeting twice a minute!
has anyone ever seen someone dismount one of those extra tall bikes?
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Murray Lampert Construction.
nope. Like chubbs said "it's all in the teeth"
Just tell her Castle!!
Hate to say it, but #kansas is embarrassing themselves now. Stick in there, maybe it'll turn around.
yeah ik :/ it blows
Sign up to be part of our community on our website wildcanyongames.org and receive monthly e-newsletters!
Good evening Nation... how is everyone doing?
Haha no, it's considered a "social science", which is part of our core curriculum of classes we have to take. It sucked.
I'm taking this year off from most conferences... Next year!
Off-season relapse won't help...
About to go live on Talk Shoe radio to deliver healing messages....join us at 5pm CST
Thanks for the RT! Really appreciate that!
Happy Birthday to my mom in law Kathryn! It's your birthday, It's your birthday!!!!!!
"all right men, let's roll" - HCBS
Good Morning
All I need is a carmel frappé!! is that too much to ask for!????
Just because you are not part of the change, it doesn't mean it's not happening! Learn something completely new this week.
I bet it's really a treat when all your hard writing work gets an eye-catching & beautiful cover. I'm looking forward 2 reading it.
its really not exciting, and if it was, of course, you'd be invited. it wouldnt be a party without you lol!
it just gets better and better! :P x
I got pulled over for no reason then the cop noticed I had people in my car and I wasn't supposed to. Then he asked if I knew my limitati...
Quick! While the Royals are gone, someone sage the shit out of The K.
Best By date on anchovies. Follow or forget it?
Fish open limps utg, I 3x A10s... He calls flop 105x two diamonds, we get it in he has 55.... Busto
U shouldreally go follow
Thanks for the photo ! LOVES Silverman's Farm in Easton, CT!
Time to find the HOTEL gym!!!! #Fashion and Fitness go hand in hand
Good #tax planning means that a company takes the past sales performance of their products and/or services into account.
I actually find it to be senior staff afraid of lack of control when it comes to the web.
Well, I can't say I'm surprised. Especially since I'm burning in the volcano.
Lots of dancing plus good friends minus boy drama = the happiest version of myself
;-) I've been a huge Ira Glass fan, for a very long time.
HELLO tweetsters! Tell me something GOOD!
ok I will try I'm ariana grande soldier for life :D
thanks very much
Well, I had cataract surgery today and, as one who has had sub standard vision all my life (astigmatism, hyperopia,) It is MAGIC!
#popculture peeps! Holla at your girl. Tweet and follow #PopSouth!
Not tonight! RT : A productive day starts with a good night's sleep.
I bet this chinese lady wanna slap my ass but that hoe better get it rite....
Prolly one of my realist loves ever is u.
The party scene is not my scene. I never enjoy clubs or parties.
Senator tony avella on 's line item vetoes..."There is a difference between governing and bullying."
What was the funniest or worst thing that has happened to you on a date?
Prelininary filming starts tomorrow night on "Candor". Dinner last night with cast and crew at Blue Fin a blast.
At we've seen varying levels of success with panels. Some patrons find value & some don't
agreed, can't say enough about him...very happy he got the year back and we get the priv of seeing him play another season!
If the girls were here... I would plug that singstar back in! I LOVE TAKE THAT I DO!
Looking forward to the show this weekend...thing is even w/o some of the facts, it's a horrific story
: continues to stress that private interests should not have say in how public $ & taxes spent.
A taste of ur own medicine
What is the one word you use almost every day?
#sharktank makes the week so much better. It renews my optimism being an entrepreneur!!
My little girl said where is all the fans follow she follows back even tho she use my tweet account
Don't forget our ping pong table & "Recombobulation Areas." :) And we like to thing of ourselves as unique! Happy Travels!
Arya has to be careful...
Meet in west virgina
Panicing. I need to vent to someone.
Finally home! So much traffic
Finished another project today--hung framed photos of the seasons/environments I miss most from CT. I'm on project fire!
lol not me
I'm at #Digitour2012 w/ & THIS IS GOING TO BE AWESOME!!!!!
See closing list. Most are not lengthy drives at all MT but in hinterlands ... you will force some into quite lengthy drives
I got my account suspended due to uneven followers vs. following. How come Ashton Kutcher hasn't had his suspended for this same reason!
I know! There is no way to write it that doesn't seem like a humblebrag. So awkward even to think about it.
your so welcome tori :)
MOM:what do you want for your birthday???ME: the ICONic Boyz!!!MOM:Im sorry but im afraid thats not possible
sorry Kyle I still believe you can take it all! Don't give up. Do it now for urselves and DROSE! I know yall can!
RT : Pride Parade in Toronto. Gonna go hand out infor. for people to get tested for HIV with
where did you get the Seymour Herold
i love you!!
drop them some knowledge on them on how to win a BCS bowl game. We gotta end the streak!
When I need someone to talk to,everyone's asleep/:
Morning run and gym session.
Delirium looking for extras. Tomorrow morning Downtown LA, paying 50 bucks cash and food. Message me!
is feeling obligated to post things because so many people are following me on Twitter now. Why!?!? hahaha
Climate is changing; burning oil and other fossil fuels is increasing temperatures with far reaching impacts
Christmas - the only day of the year when it is acceptable to start drinking at 9am.
How awesome is it that things we talk about in class ACTUALLY come up in real life?! Grad school IS useful/applicable!
I'm so hungry.. I could eat a horse
Toliver, no female pronoun in original, I added it because I can & so should you; American duty to rework language & remove binaries
Hey , Jamaican Me Crazy up in here at lunch! Yahoo!
Got literally no sleep last night. Too many thoughts running through my mind... :/ this sucks... waiting for my tushie girl to get here.
Same goes for the pretty women. RT How does an ugly woman keep a good man? Copious amounts of head.
Lifetime tonight everyone go!
so happy to have been at GPB for opening night! you and your cast were amazing!
Oh, hey php. I'm learning slowly, but surely.
#Teenzone is tongiht (: like 5 or 4 more hours . I dont wanna do the math, im already in it now . c:
I hate being that option that doesn't get chose.
Listening to NPR on the ride home to catch this:...
Thanks for that, I didn't have Einar anywhere in my notes
all that matters is that one person who would do everything to be with u
Love IT!!
Tragic news about Holbrooke. A huge loss for America and the world.
Why do they call twitter ; twitter ? And why do they call facebook ; facebook ? Those are weird names . (: Now I'm just saying stupid shit
my nickname only applies here if one of the walls accidentally caves in during this party or if I fall and break my neck :)
3:30 in the morning. I'm talking to my cat in a Mafia Voice "Okay, I make you a deal- a little cat food now, a little later." hahaha
RT : #D2L11 Binder: We get old when we stop playing children's games. (via )
When i cry in front of someone i'm REALLY upset...i do not let people see or hear me cry
School then Queens Center mall
other than an occasional trip to Duluth or the BWCA, how much time does Sen. Franken spend in MN-8?
RT : what chu talkin about? That beautiful body u have
Through the course of history marriage has been used for alliances, power, wealth, etc. I don't think God entered in those equations.
pssshh I'm sorry but there is no bigger #Tribegirl than
Looking forward to playing a private acoustic gig at tomorrow.
Consider the postage stamp: its usefulness consists in the ability to stick to one thing till it gets there. ~ Josh Billings
the more we love, the more it multiplies
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. ~Franklin D Roosevelt
**Nina writes another deeply sad song from her grave**
SAVANNAH! YOU WANT ME TO HUG RANDOM STRANGERS, BUT YOU WONT COME TO A BASEBALL GAME WITH!? GET YOUR BUTT UP AND COME!
You know, you have to follow someone back to be considered twitter friends!
According to my Garmin watch it is possible to put in more than 100% well HR anyways. Loving tracking my rides
Tweeting in the subway???
#Congress: “Without #afterschool programs what would poor kids do? Perhaps fall through the cracks?” –Jerry
Hand cramp. Too many flash cards for finals.
can you please follow me ? i am your biggest fan ? <3
Sending my luv 2 2 Year Anniversary! Thank u 4 providing a platform 4 me 2 showcase my music! Hate I missed the celebration <U+2764>
Bathrooms at the forum equal a sauna full of piss.
.. And even Stevens.. Am I forgetting any?
Thank You for the love! RT : Thanks for the 'Tweet Love'! =)
IDK TEL ME!
Why would you pitch to Lucroy?
Saturday, you make my heart smile so bright it feels like it may just be radiating happiness. :-)
and one chapter can be: "how to say the exact right thing at the exact right time. every time."
Travis: Students' strange, funny answers to questions - Covington News
Would you like to make some easy money??? Avon is the way to go! Message me to get you started.
The humble suffer when the mighty disagree.
Are you a school in the New York City area using TriCaster? I may have a press interview for you! Send me Direct Message!
#FF13 lovely Jasonette She knows the way to a killer's heart is through his mask holes.
thanks for coming to our Tweetup last year! There's something planned for #iste11, but Kari won't tell me yet!
Follow this girl ---> .... she's amazing, check her videos!! #followbackteam :)
Manila Millions Super High Roller 2012: Biggest Buy-In Ever at HKD$1,000,000
text me lol (;
you can't force a tweet
RE: cheating online; I'll never understand those writing off online ed over cheating, esp. since it occurs in F2F, too.
Time to check out again, can't work all night you know. well yet I could but na. I want to be bright eye'd and bushy tailed tomorrow.
Sowee but I got poptarts and coffee a little bit ago and I barely have 2 pages written
I wonder if i take you home would you still be in love baby because i need you tonight
Eczema. Around my eyes. Jealous?
what ticks me off?? women who pee on the toilet seat! stop it !!!!
JUST CONFIRMED: Ranger Danger opening up for THE DOLLYROTS (Los Angeles) on March 4th at The Summit! More details coming very soon!
Rolling Deep 3>
how funny if lebron gets hit with a piss bottle tonight while missing the game winning shot and maybe a slightly twisted ankle to boot
It's Breakfast Taco Thursday! We're ready to fill your tortillas with Chorizo & Egg, a little cheese, and a dash of salsa this morning!!
I would like to add the words "Warrior" "Caged" "Fury" and "Glory" to the title please.
Bro like im so serious when i say No1 including myself didnt know about foams..I like em bcuz of the history Now evry1 want em
Ugly people should save up for plastic surgery.
It looks BEAUTIFUL! Where in Mexico is that!? Enjoy!
First 730 class for the next 4 weeks........meh
Exhausted #Annie rehearsals every night this week for four hours. Friday a night first show then two on Saturday. I'm Annie in Annie jr
I'm having a hard time keeping up with all of your sweet wishes. Thank you, I'll find a way to repay you all w/freshly baked coffee cake.
Dismembered With Children.
Making a packing list for California so I'm garanteed to remember everything
I am so addicted.
Great weekend in Denver and fun to see my man do work today. Red eye back to DC in a bit.
Arranged/wrote another handbell piece for my adult group.
And to think I felt bad when I heard Tami had a heart attack. Uhh... I'm not surprised. This heifer is psycho.
Ever considered yard crashing internationally? My mom loves your show and she dreams about you crashing her yard in Aruba .
I am thinking about getting a BMW 330i Touring for a new car!
You're quite welcome.
I'm in Anaheim with no car...
Lower cross syndrome is a condition associated with sitting all day, which is often followed by lower back pain -ask me how I can help
The vikings are way too talented to be 0-4 get it TOGETHER!!!!!!
the Lord is molding me to leave the past where it is...
it's just as bad when they are yelling and jumping all over you. It's only easy when they are gone for the day.
hahahahaha how are u
Anything in particular keeping you awake? If not, tea and a boring movie. ;-)
There was definitely sand in my running shoes when I put them on this morning. A little token of San Diego in DC - also reminder 2 run more.
just watached Cars for like the 100th time (: such a cute movie. i loved the ending scene, with the dedicatoin. so cute.
I know the only thing that'll convince you is the rock's cooking. :D
good nite world of twitter.com
#thevoice Wonder if Christina enjoys taping her tits into stuff.
that's a tough sell....making checks cool.....really??
You two have a great time together today! :)
in so many words yes. Haha Yanks win. Talk to you tomorrow brew.
is a great organization.
twattering to you live from club
Louis surprised Eleanor before she went in to her exam by popping out before she walked in to begin the test.
It's the imperfections in life that make it perfect.
Having good news the same day your best friend has bad news
lets just say it pays the bills lol!! What u been up to???
Looks like another night for Anita Baker...
#sonsofguns Love this show :)
Everything cost more where I live... I be mad af.
It was not just ehhhh! It was great. <U+E404> You're crazy.
Middleton girls win Monona T&F Invitational for 2nd year in a row with 118 pts. Verona 2nd with 90.
AIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE it's here and has ambushed my FB.....the dreaded...TIME LINE....EGAD!
Lindzi didn't cry that much, maybe she's relieved she doesn't have to marry the geico caveman
I feel like it's sensible to restrict access to our web server to internal-to-campus IPs. Our Sysadmin's no dummy. :)
I held my reply til I heard story end. By the time W got to the oatmeal it was, well, stone cold. W was touched, but still...
when people stick pencils and shit through my tunnel
Well, I do have catching up to do! My envy is lessened...
I Kinda Just Wanna Be Isolated,
white noise
I'm a realist with an unrealistic perspective.
Say what you want re: Madonna- she looks great for her age- any age! Who cares about lip syching. She can teach the young ones a thing or 2
What kind of shop & where is it located? My next trip to Nashville is in July & I may want to check it out. Please reply.
#nisoEbook Paxhia astionishef that almost as many students are purchasing their books from Amazon as university book store (<50%)
It's too bad a dick like Nick Saban is rewarded with a national championship.
it looks so much scarier than the first season!xx
Lightskinned dudes Finna get some play off da bulls
": Woah upstairs is a maddhouse tonight . . . on now and I'm next! Bam!"
relaxing enjoying the sun trying to decided if I wanna do some work lol
Hi Monty. (It's Nina.) Thanks for the follow. Have a nice weekend! It's raining A LOT up in Taos.
How So? RT I need your talents !
"In P.E. class, there's always that one person who thinks it's the damn olympics."omfg so true!
Woody Harrelson And Forest Whitaker Join Out Of The Furnace As Production Begins From Crazy Heart director Scott Cooper.
To really anyone who has supported us from the begining, New fans or followers, thank you from the bottom of our hearts
i shoulve kissed u whn u wr right here with ne n i regreat bo doibg it now duck my life cuz i really liked u
What are u all up to?
Thanks, you too!
Loving Peaches set!!! The crowd is so lame though! Killing me!!
Glad you came and enjoyed the game. Luckily the dunk show went on without a hitch this time!
Heh, I know that quote.
If you come to a fork in the road, take it. ~ Yogi Berra
Stuck at home while everyone is out having fun. <U+E403>
Dodgeball tournament was so fun!!!
what could be more more important
we are looking for a more automated process.
I am being crippled physically inside my Apt by use of device why are u allowing this to continue?
you look like you're from the future and you've been sent here to save Sarah and John Connor.
When a boy you used to talk to just becomes ugly haha.
I like maps and I like Ancient Rome.
lmao about what?
#youngkidsshouldbebannedfrom sitting in front of a screen for more than two hours a day. Get them outside and muddy!
Awk moment when ur gf farts and everyone in her house hears it
My camera phone just said I maxed out pictures. Prob all of my dogs. Y'all don't know me!
Who won the debate? Cuomo. Who did I like the best? Jimmy McMillan. Who will I vote for? NOYDB!
If your band is interested in playing with Bernuda/Creations/Adaliah on Friday, April 13th @ The White Rabbit reply to me!
they have so many scoring threats, Miami has 3, OKC has 3, LA has 3
mornin'!!! RT : Good morning you two.
i don't have school today (:
I had every intention of bed early tonight then my piercing fell out. that's what I get for playing w/my ear! 1 hr l8r my ear= jeweled again
Hey Lacy follow me here I Travel to Mississippi if you need some staining www.acidstainer.com
Catch em why you can cause I got mind now and had it for a while
Just coped Da Gallon of Goose fina fuck the city up one time!!!!
he must've made a new vid?
Romeo + Juliet Original Soundtrack <U+266B> To You I Bestow - Mundy - 1996 <U+266B>
This artist lifestyle is taking some getting used to.
um obviously you don't reed my tweets... Jk
u should check out my agent legacy talent
Out of ICSTI-CODATA task group (due end 2012) will be a report of a survey results & recommendations on standards needed
Get outta here bitch
every time i touch you i touch you i feel you .... OMFG REALLY WHEN YOU TOUCH ME YOU CAN FEEL ME NO SHIITTT !
Goodness there is soo much going on around me...but you just gotta be yourself and be Happy cuz in all reality it could be worse.. =]
Nice! You like some brownies with your sugar? ;)
Right on cue...commercial break right before make their pick. An annual tradition.
working on the set of the movie new years eve today
He will, indeed, love Latin! I should put you in touch with another former student, daughter of friends, similar profile
Hey Ally, love your Twitter background image. Where did you get it?
Something to always remember: the world is very small.
And every time you come around I forget I swore to never let you back in
A dream becomes a goal when action is taken toward its achievement. A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Gotta make something happen not just sit around and wait for it this place is like a prison I think I'm going to have to make a break for it
Tater tots and a mango smoothie
I have a new single for y'all this is one you definitely wanna download, enjoy!!!! Its called "Chill"
Work. Someone should visit me and bring me food! *cough cough*
lots of junk still gets made. VC's or no.
hit a HR before Pujols... I'll be damned.
The strong rule the weak, but the wise rule the strong.
Not often as a child. My 1st adult spanking was from a gf who saw me ogling other women's butts in a bistro. When we got home...
They are. PBO is aggressive/muscular to a fault IMHO. Repubs would love to do what he has but lack competence MT : Rs weak on Securty
New school involves parents/uses in-school discipline. 'the difference in my son is huge' with passing grades, sports, friends
Watching just go with, with Jas<3
Everyone can go fuck themselves. <U+270C>
Excited about this song :)
Not gonna lie. I miss the predictability of 8hrs with my computer. At my desk. At work. This child-rearing home-making stuff is HARD.
9 AM and it's already 75 degrees! #HappySpring Y'all!!
Preparing for the new semester! Recruitment meeting this week, leadership retreat next week!
SORRY FOR THE MAJOR DELAY FOLKS!!! MOJO'S WORLD WILL BE BACK UP BY THIS COMING FRIDAY! GUARANTEED!!! :)
MONDAY 4/16 from 6-8pm Success Coach, presents: The Royal Ladies #SmallBusiness Incubator Launch & Pitch
tonight's finale was uh-mazing!!! This show just keeps on getting better and better. Thank you!!!!
lmfaoo i got it at the mother daughter tea!
I'm afraid wed b found out! Hehehehehe. It sounds like a lot of fun to me:-) id b willing to take the risk:-)
Do any of yall know when the final project proposal is due?
how you been
JUST SIGNED 'ARTIST LP' 8 TRACKS.... DARK!!!!!
why is it important for students to be involved in SM?
thank you so much! <3
God help us all!
Have you tried our Grilled All Natural Rib Eye Steak? If you haven't you're missing out!
omfg no she was your first :'( lol was she? :p
good stuff!
Supernova Explosion Ripped Star&#39;s Guts Inside Out
Retweet if u a 90s baby
Instagram : skinny jeans :: Facebook : Sweatpants
Happy anniversary! :) Have a great one. Here's to one that'll last forever.
Cinda made us 997 members on Facebook AAUW group - getting close!
Happy Birthday Austin
life of a vet bro. Semper Fi
I just paid $3.30 for a gallon of gas and felt good about it. We're a brain-washed people.
Creating amazing album art... not a quick and easy thing to do.
Taking time to remember EZ Co.'s "Buck" Compton, one of the "Band of Brothers" in the 506th Parachute Infantry Reg. who passed last month
Yo ass is grass...
We've reached 153! Now we need to get to 200! Help me out here, guys. The two people who tweet about me the most, will win something! :D
very good! Way to show the kid who's boss
Why do you do what you do? Question posed to audience at museum preconference.
that's great--please greet him for me. I enjoyed showing him and Nancy around the Museum.
Rise & Fly
Is the one on your website good?
JLO wanted to call Puffy
You are welcome, feel free to "follow" us here, on our blog, and on Facebook.
I don't even know what day it is! Is it time for #5thchat?
The horrible moment/feeling when you wake up thinking it was Saturday. & it's not.
#RIP Maurice Sendak, so many great memories with my dad reading your stories, you will be missed
Sweet. Good luck!
For $10 discount tix to Atlanta Ballet "Fusion" on 3/25 at Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center use code "INDUSTRY" thru ticketmaster.
In Frozen they're supposed to be freezing to death but you can never see their breath...
Check out my new web page www.jewallep.webstarts.com
Great takeaway from "Nothing says irrelevance like begging for relevance" #libmade (remember this! let things evolve organically!)
lovin this weather today :)
yea he don't!! Yuki gets mad when I cook too
Thanks mama <3
Hope you have a wonderful time Stephani!
Electronics to be drag on Singapore growth-cbank
I didn't
no I want u to have fun :]]
you can but u wont b able to hang. I have a test that week
good choice, be prepared to be overwhelmingly busy :) mostly just be prepared. Good Luck after HS!
#Surrendered... "If You Want To Stand Up; You Got To Learn How To Kneel."
Bought a copy of Are You There God? to send to my 10 yr old niece.
Hey bud, what's your current address, Uncle Chris
it was an amazing week! Great working with you!
#BFC2012 : Repaying in kind enables people to support you, adding #engagement & brand equity without needing to manage cash flow.
hey. have you checked your tracking number? We send tracking numbers with all purchases.
The Florida Prisons Bill will ensure the continued victimization of citizens for profit.Should be no fed or private paws in CJ
why? :/ and I don't know hahaha and I really don't care :P
great seeing everyone too! Love #dafam, summer can't be here soon enough!
Having one child makes you a parent; having two you are a referee ~ David Frost Is this true in your house?
We need a piece of Grey for our new office !
I'm not a fan of facts. You see, the facts can change, but my opinion will never change, no matter what the facts are.
A smile is a curve that sets everything straight. - Phyllis Diller
My God is an awesome God, He reigns from heaven above!!! <3
#FF : Thanks! You may wish to
Wouldn't mind if they let Jansen finish the 9th...
You never what's gonna happen when and get together... LISTEN to Within The Hour on BTR at 10:30pm!!
We'll get you some blinders.
: Using pythagorean tuning for an open 5ths/4ths rhodes part and shocked how much less phasing is occurring.
Thanks to my 2nd period gf I passed that government quiz and got the highest in the class.
SO cute! Damn e is tall!
#THINGSYOUDONTDODURINGSEX Ask about there moms
Love how every other time I request an ILL book from the , they just go ahead and buy it.
RT : Pretty amazing that we now have 9 official, state-designated scenic bikeways! Program only started in 2009.
Hello and Thanks for the Tweet.
nothing much just doing my schoolwork
Thanks for the RTs and happy tuesday!
Renewable Energy Development: Smaller Projects That Think Big
just a nice relaxing 10 mile run :) how bout you
": what upper fam!"lefttoe love the hits#on top of biz
Nice to meet you. I used to live in Savanah for 6 years or so. My name's Zach.
just saw this. Thanks girl :)
No Buzz in my inbox. iPhone Buzz post in continuous loop. Google Buzz sounds great in theory. I guess I wait, and continue tweeting.
on his new venture EXEC. "nows the best time to start a business" "a ton of opportunities to invent"
Self made self paid
": My boyfriend means so much to me."
A nice fresh salad with all kinds of pretty colors!
I try to stay away from people who constanly bring me down, but them hoes keep coming back...
I do know the Stanchion. In fact I spent St. Party's Day there!
I've noticed that has been allowing pet dogs, not just dogs for the visually impaired, on the buses now. Is this a new rule?
Been playing 600/1200 all day after busting main. I've forgotten all about busting AK < AQ.
Is this when you try to create a new spot?
~ What's Up Dawg? Going to hit the Follow button for you. Say "Hi" to Lisa for me. Come see me in Scottsdale for some golf.
If you love someone put there name in a circle because hearts can be broken but circles never end;) RT
It's sad. They don't respect anyone's privacy or believe in permission.
I find it hilarious when people think they know your life better than yourself.
The parallels between “Too Big to Fail” & the #dodgers are eerie. Think about it, leveraged assets, no cash and a bailout.
I always go for the most shocking and inappropriate titles.
I'm sure she'll school me, especially when it comes to feeding times. :)
Where do you find your clients? Or do you pitch stories yourself?
me too I don't want to go home and just sit and play xbox
Chien: has a current survey out on impact of trolls on small companies #innact Humanizes problems of trolls.
John James Audubon was unsuccessful for most of his life. He was a terrible businessman. No matter how many times he changed locations, chan
Happy New Year!!! We hope 2012 brings you joy, good health and prosperity!
If u a R&B THUG y'all not riding harder than Rayj he got niggas rapeing niggas LOL
we're hoping to come tomorrow, but if not, soon! Glad your people got the night off!
Happy Mother's day to all the moms out there in America. Keep up the good work
Im gonna keep up with yoi tonight my friend. I'm all game for the Pats. :-)
Let's not forget what breing a shredder is all about
File under: Irony! Bait and switch! Stuff what happens in VA!
I love u most
Forget the old program, eat something every 2 hours or so ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
Favre to testify in suit over his racy texts
im thinking of a name that always makes us laugh. . .
Love of mine, someday you will die; but I'll be close behind. I'll follow you into the dark.
Filming new season of
meeting students with a boat, monkey, car, broom, etc avatar on Come on, choose a human body and help me not laugh:-)
They can -- it's called a messenger bag.
Grinding like there is no tomorrow...NO DAYS OFF- until memorial wkend that is....LoLz
now you're just somebody that I use to know.
I was actually thinking luz should come visit all of us. you know, lunchroom hijinks.
#TenFactsAboutMe 9) erm.. I want curly hair, but its never gonna happen
Same as U u know uur icon looks cute! 8]
why do u do this to me! U look hot and tan!
hello who wants to deliver me chicken n00ds soup please and thank you
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow.
#MarchMadness at the "KFC Yum! Center" - what a great arena name.
I didn't know that Green Exchange was you guys. Wonder if knows that.
IF I HAD #1WISH I WOULD LOVE IT IF U FOLLOWED ME:)6
That's quite the nice collection you got there!
Met 2day, wht a fab lady & #entrepreneur she is! Doing awesome work to help busy prof. #women release dead weight of all kinds.
I wonder what Barbara Walters is doing. Right now. This very moment.
I think #Spence needs to lead stretching exercises every morning at ! Need to get my #DownwardDog on!
that would be soccer creeping in your head, don't fight it let it take the spot...its okay
The thing I don't understand about Phil Mushnick's "full Jay-Z treatment" column is that the logo Jay-Z designed is pretty classy.
hmm reading the tribune and discovered the new britney song! not a bad way to start the day.
I just realized I can write my own style language with LESS. CSS, it's been fun, but not real fun. ..wait, did I just screw that up?
no prob drinks on me Lol
Thanks thanks. Hoping this will be first of many shows this year.
#HCG Quote! "Every vice has its excuse ready." ~Publilius Syrus
I still watch that shit .
I can not stop thinking in a british accent today. *I'm even typing this in the accent*
Something about the name Jesus!
okay, so you see when he's in the car with me he'll tweet while driving but he couldn't reply to you cuz he was driving
n'aww RT : Happiest of Birthdays to Ms. ! Hope you have a great day! (Everyone should follow her btw)
Now happily accepting donations and volunteers... Let's get it started in here! www.LaneForCongress.com
Perfect, what should I do?
Omar Sosa SF. Omar is like no other...visionary!
Oh my fucking… RT : Cannes Trade news: Isabelle Huppert in David Gordon Green's Suspiria remake.
Well since I don't have to wake up SO early tomorrow, I'll watch the stream :-)
I'm failing math right now & I have so much English homework it's ridiculous. But where am I? Shopping. #whynot <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Happy Monday everyone!
Double by Tulowitzki brings in 2 for the Rockies. Someone needs to teach AJ Ellis how to block the plate. LA 1 COL 3
Football is violence and cold weather and sex and college rye.Roger Kahn
I saw her on TV. She's trying to get the network on its feet. Says she made a mistake launching it while still on TV.
CONGRATS to you and Cristina you are certainly blessed!
I think my dentist told me I couldn't eat for an hour just to spite me.
I wish more people recognized the importance of PEG channels in providing locally relevant content and preserving regional history.
Gary Harris just Posterized 2 dudes on a mean crossover in the lane!!!
Call me maybe, and
It's almost impossible not to blast country music with your windows down in this weather (:
miss u too babe. see u in a few weeks
Warming while waiting for to show up in !
Ughh its super hot in the valley
I look more like - "Run your shit Berlin" in that pic
New preproduction song up on Facebook/Reverbnation! The song is called Non-Locality!
My Mom said when her stories go off, then she's going to play the Wii with me. :/// Eff them stories! Lets play!!
I love neu's pharmacy on west Lynn.
RT if I am NOT following you so I can follow you, must be following my friend - .
I get on th El and see
i wish i could go to the lock in :(
I feel like I've lost connection with my best friend..
Working with some great editors using TWITTER everyday. People like ... that's how to grow subscribers!
Oh, I want to see that!!!!
Chef Geoff's in Tysons—it was the five hour braised pork shank.
Congratulations to Adrienne Custer for winning a pair of tickets to see tonight at ! See you tonight!
The content of your show sort of overshadows your "sort of", habit.
“: Thank you Jesus! For what? EVERYTHING! #RH8”
yes why?
What what Premier show! Yeah'boy!!!!
i think you look gud whith ur braces on:#
Its cool, sun still shining
Down goes Ohio State!
I love ya too and I am now that I am feeling better and my mom is not mad about directv anymore. :)
Thank you.
Eat as close to the source as possible - the further down the processing line, the less nutritional value you get from food.
Does anyone else feel a shift in energy today? #2012?
Yeah, I'm just not into Alabama Shakes. I've tried, Twatterverse, I've tried.
Carroll: copyright does not protect factual data -- in public domain.
someone in baltimore won the jackpot? they could literally buy baltimore and still have a little something something left over.
Bloody Brunch hearts :)
U a hater
How about they all should stay out of each others buisness
My nigga ike like wtf is up wit these wigs
i rec prairie dresses...
LOL, there are some shows that i commit to watching but don't really love them. not many, but this seems to be one right now.
u bettr follow me b4 i wup u
we would still beat east tho. we would have Travis dunkin on u ahha
#JingleInJuly TOMORROW!! 2-4PM !! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
realyl?the first lady underfire for a trip to spain? omg!! the american people.....is it a big deal or not? if a big deal, why????
#mythoughtsatschool can this bitch get any dumber #stuck why is she in all my classes?
REAL TALK.
Are y'all ready for the chance to win a John Deere from Smith Tractor Company and BonfireJam? Yeehaw!
The last episode of #californication seemed a lot more like a series finale than a season finale...
Why is red your favorite color?
I just used my HTML skills to make a link on my tumblr blog/resume and rejoiced outloud when it worked!!!
I'll pass it along! Thanks! And glad we'll see you at #PDXCSTS2012!
What are your "Passions" in media studies? What do you concentrate most on?
Rock and Cucumber -- square one cucumber vodka / rock saké junmai daiginjo / fresh lime juice
and Im still up
Likewise! Have fun at the Food & Wine Fest this weekend. :-)
The best thing I could have done is follow !
I never saw him on any lists, so I emailed Hefty on a wim just to see and never got a response so I figured that was a no, but bam
I'm happy for Andre Iguodala. He is soo unselfish.
Follow the conversation from our panel today at
RT : So, last question wildcard. Q4: What are you doing w/ your Megamillions winnings? :)
bahaha no worries girl, I feel ya on that one!!
WMYB on my Justin Bieber radio on Pandora. Cool.
Welcome new followers , , !
I want to be drew berrymoore.
Is your mom as sweet as our Original Glazed Doughnuts? Bring her into Krispy Kreme and get a free cup of coffee 2morrow. Happy Mother's Day!
Every time i hear that song i go back
I'm Batman You're Robin, End Of.
Hammond "continuity is an issue for us. Don't know what's going to happen."
What American Co needs a perfect song for their Next Campaign Strategy ? "What I Love About America " see Video at www.rickeyleewatson.com
I'm watching Tangled on Netflix on a Saturday Night. This is very upsetting. #ThingsThatShould Be Banned
Wish i was going to the Bruins game
I rooted my phone and now have wifi tethering, openvpn, and real linux action
had me cryin...
Kudos to and for stepping up and fixing my shopping experience.
I voted for him!!
The DWP just phoned--more than nine hours after this morning's electrical failure ended--to inform us that our lights are back on.
Ross is a leader on foot patrols, police reform and re-entry. He's the man for the job. Go to www.rossforsheriff.org.
okay thank you :)
Culinary Crossroads runs until May 25 w/ delicious items like Serrano Ham and Melon Salad, Shrimp and Fava Beans & Weiner Schnitzel
Me to!
Don't be ashamed of who you are , cause some where some how there is someone wishing they were you .
Nothing tops the experience of writhing in pain to remind you what a helpless little loser you really are
gorgeous! && the colors are great! i LOVE nude & neutral shoes. you can wear them with anything! :)
Is twitter one of the signs of the apocalypse??
hes.not okay.
Sorry for
Made a wardrobe run for a project, then scouted a location for another project. At the last stop, then back to paperwork.
ah que legal!! :D de nada amr! :D
Shorter Team Obama: That CBS/NYT poll is biased ... because ... well, because we say it is!
Worked with your buddy on a film and she raved about you. Here's to your continued success in 2012!
Idk it starts at 6. You went to football games last year.
Can't beloved my teacher acctualy told the Guy I like I have a crush on him the other day ugh!!¡
Followed by
I hope that if I'm ever breathing heavily into the mic during a conference call, someone will find a way tactfully to let me know.
lovin #lotusflowerbomb what was you inspiration for that song?
Tonight, I'll be at South Arm Community Center from 7-8pm, IN COSTUME! Come out to this safe fireworks display.
i wish a nigga would put his hands on me, don't think I'm one of these dumb btches that's gone allow it, i fight back idc who you is.
Dear PR Professionals--Sunday afternoons are great for news-worthy events...I know everyone competes for Sat AM, but Sunday is where its at.
Reach U Network Inc. CEO Christopher Edwards 2012 Host for H.O.P.E. Inc.'s 19th Annual Fair Housing Month Celebration
~ Do you EVER answer any of your messages? I've been trying to reach you.......
People hate Lebron because he didn't pick the Bulls & now the Bulls have no one ! :O
Today. I. Will. Book. Booyahhhhhhh
hey grl! hope ur doing well
thinkin bout past relationships n niggas i fucked with. wtf was i thinkin! lol glad i finally found my 1 n only.... love u
Why do I drink, well it all started 6 years ago..... Sounds like a good story huh.
No repeat Snowmageddon 2012 experience for me thanks! Not today at least.
Please don't tell me that I'm dreaming.
SCOOTING LIKE THE LIGHTNING
RT : There's a reason far more of my friends in UK run their own businesses than friends in US: having healthcare.
Sorry, which one is Turd Blossom again? Can't keep them all straight. :)
This makes me sad. I swear I'm nice in real life. "Klouchebag score for : 50 - "bit of a douchebag"
Haha Already picked them up.
I love eavesdropping on when he's being interviewed by students. It's always interesting.
Been to the batting cages two days straight and my batting skills improve tremendously.
I'm sure it's because of the derby. Or magic.
Go to www.reshapethenation.com, get a profile, and join our community!! Interact with fellow reshapers and motivate each other!
"Many of us spend half our time wishing for things we could have if we didn't spend half our time wishing." -- Alexander Woollcott, Cri ...
Claudia: your legs are disgusting . Me: your face is disgusting . Bahaha
yay!! Thank you!!
no,no,no. Kentucky plays at 945. Let's chill at my house and watch the game.
All this college bball is so intense.
« Your a hypocrite. -___- enough said» !!!!
I might quit using twitter till the end of the season of or till I get cable.
your pension reform is illegal! !!!!
Arkansas' defense has been unstoppable in the second half. Buckeyes are looking nervous.
March is Nutrition Month. What is one thing you can do to add better nutrition to your lifestyle?
Anyone test out the new #CS6 beta?
Have a good fire going. Trying to use my wood, way behind this winter with the warm weather!
Thinking about and playing with sounds of 70s futurism: analog synths, Laurie Anderson.
Thanks for the support!
That moment when you wait for a text, but then you realize you're the one who didn't reply.
See a bitch from another school holding a lax stick give them the death look
#GroupTravel throughout Florida and Abroad!
you should talk to - email me at we can meet u
haha I like this
hahaha it's so hard on my iPhone..just don't judge me! Giggle all you want because I am lol
that was from She keeps accidentally tweeting from my account on her phone.
- Tuesday we announce a new website that allows active-duty and vets to come out on video or in writing. We'd love your help.
hey I meant to say sorry I couldn't make it I had to work his was it? How is your new place?
Spilled coffee on my newly dry cleaned blazer, got caught in the rain, & passed a black cat in the alley
Somethin is missing...
Where are you taking Mom this weekend? Go to: or
RT : If O was as intelligent as his flock deems him2b He wld understand majority of "we the ppl" R against the obama effect
The 4Th Annual MLK Day Youth Parade-Houston Is Now Accepting Online Registrations..For More Information Log Onto www.mlkgrandeparade.org
Good luck, Coach! RT Game 2 against colo st. berth in the finals on the line.
Wanna to get more followers my friends? Come on, follow me, I will follow you back right away. Lets enjoy tweeting and share ideas freely.
Minimum $40,000 a year to incarcerate someone regardless of what they did. The highest prison population in the world. "Land of the Free?"
my version of hiphop is strictly punk rock. say what you want, basement recording type shit. fuck yer polished nonsense.
"Racks" by YC is the
I'm even later lol nthn been chillin how u been
No pain ; No gain
IF ONLY YOU'D SEE WHAT I CAN SEE YOU'D UNDERSTAND WHY I WANT YOU SO DESPERATELY
AYO FOREAL TRAILERS ARE BECOMING SPOILERS ENOUGH
Congratulations! They're lucky to have you!
He can get all that in the Big Apple (except the sun and women in bikinis)..
you should regard us as you "amen" section.
i alwayys forget my homework in school...
Celebrating my client - got below his goal weight and now makes healthy eating a priority! He looks and feels great!!!
congratulations on joining & a team! PS-I just bought my dad an HP comp for his bday
Sunday funnies - www.freekshowradio.com Listen & Laugh!
It still amazes me how the Dolan's don't invest in their team. Gilbert clearly showed how it could pay off
I love my busy Friday, feels like I don't have even one minute break, oh, almost, I do have one now!))
Yep, just found that - deleting - thanks!
does that change what you order?
Sick shot by a great photographer (give some love!)
Salon owners, you need to be hitting your clients from several different angles to keep you on the forefront of their minds.
God u r such a fucking pussy Ovie I swear. We are goona chant you out of the fucking Stadium on saturday u little bitch
Happy Friday Everyone! Maybe I'll go see The Rum Diaries this weekend!
researching the car bailout.. does anyone know the terms of the auto bailout?
“: This battle belongs to the Lord. He does not lose, ever, irrespective of the odds!”.
girl it took me a half hour to figure what ily meant! Love you too!
Ray Allen to the HEAT? What?
Hi Jayson-Thank you for following me which allowed me to follow you & find your quotes! There are no accidents. I'll be checking in- a lot!
21-25 in the same section we did in class, its the advertisements
I can see that. There is no regulation here for a commercial kitchen that I know of. cc;
“: Never let a fool kiss you. Or a kiss fool you.”
thrilled by AWC's #bbrunch11! amazing women celebrating each other. and everyone looks like easter eggs!!!
Then I wiped it off. Then my sister took a shower, and the mirror steamed, and the soaped places said...
yeah they never haver a top #recruiting class though. Its a shame
#RumorHasItThat you owe me a drink
don't go there again. Don't you DARE make me cry again.
why not?
this by far is the greatest tweet in the history of tweeting
#nowplaying international players anthem -
Great closing! Wonderful play.
Hey guys, please don't open the bad blog message. It's spam! We were hacked but hopefully we fixed it. Again do NOT read it!!!
Baby feels like s/he is trying to bust thru my skin! TMI, sorry, but his/her head is still up making mommy's tummy very sore.
RT : Getting very nerdy over here at , discussing the best nerd board games and their virtues / faults.
I just said a pretty bitchy reply to chris aw <U+263A>
i love you more(; <3 you should RT it this time?(: hehe
We are excited to announce that Seasons 52's 23rd restaurant will be opening in Santa Monica, CA during fall 2012!
so you'll be gone for about 3 days? I THINK NOT!
Have a happy hump day everybody!
Ok, I'm following my friends but they not following me, I'll give'm a week b4 I delete.
Omg. You're perfect. That's my favorite Disney movie next to lion king.
Which suggests that you can imagine turning down a review because you are FB friends with that individual. Just curious.
don't you think making such an outrageous statement is interesting enough?
About to watch Limitless in class, yeeuhh
Happy Thanksgiving! What are you thankful for this year?
or he could hit 11 threes and 7 Fts and 4 dunks in next game! Hasn't broke out yet this year...
Ok. So my car gave me a deep 6 inch cut today and it HURTS
I did, I've been home for almost 30 minutes now
Tonight at Ginko service industry party, free sushi, drink specials, Dj, when we run out of room the party moves upstairs
Looks like work is letting out. Beer Garden is filling up fast. Come kick back and relax. It's beer time!
Wrote All day and morning. Need to sleep, good night world. Seeyou u bright and early tomorrow ;).
For my "Day of the Dead" project, Imma make a tribute to biggie <3 hahahah teacher bout to be like "who the hell is that??"
Will TD Ameritrade new stadium in Omaha grow College Baseball or stagnate it?
RIP Joe Paterno
Thanks for all the love!
you are an inspiration and I am your biggest fan! Thank you
i spend ~1-4 hr per day singing to baby
First visit to sesame place for the season today!
Where are you, Design Jedi?
#20ThingsAboutMe...you'll never have 2 question my loyalty.
At the #HondaIndyGrandPrix of Alabama today. Great day for racing! Let's go
Well you've still got a few days to enjoy it, yah?
This graduation practice is about as exciting as a root canal
Those that follow us on Twitter...thanks from the bottom of our heart! Lol
I hope I become the birthday magician from the Clear commercial when I'm old.
She needs make-up to cover up because, society taught her who she is, isn't enough.
Be authentic. There is nothing more than that the world needs from you.
still in downtown #Philly watching paint dry.
no matter what my px width is, it still tiles. Suggestions?
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open
Can I get a RT ...Raising $$$ for 2nd Harvest Food Bank in Madison. Need 20-more followers to beat in a twitter race
I still need to get my nails done before the concert O___o I should have done that today lol.
So everyone is saying they grew up with iCarly. Bitch I grew up with All That and The Amanda Show.
Happy Thanksgiving to you!
i wanna go guitar shopping now ... <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
I knew there was a reason that you haven't texted me in weeks....Because your talking to "her" I"m so stupid. I should have known...
I always dug
Montero has some pop. You hours like those pink shoes.
Fresh new batch of henna ready for you event or private body art in our comfy Stuido. $85 for an hour and a half! Let's do Art on you!
#dmac2010 non-coffee drinkers: electric kettle in the dmp for hot chocolate (byo), tea (in dmp), or anything else you do with hot water.
relevant to absorption are circumvented by intravenous
i hope you realize that if you text me a "K" i'm going to ignore you.
Is Span going to get dealt?
Personally, I'm in love with Peets Tea and Serendipitea. I special order them because I can't find them in Florida.
A Spring storm last night. Chilly. Snow level down to1,000 ft.. Brought my baby cypress back in. Put it out for the day. Needs more light.
Just watched and the rest of Avon Tennis whoop up on mccutcheon
I got 99 problems but a slut ain't one.
says she has never been on a date. I've only ever been on two where I didn't already know the other person.
Fuck yeah man! It was a really good episode.
Up early to get my run in before I go see Avengers. :)
for some early morning decor #photography then to work on the
that means I'm even worse off, and I can't sleep...
Social media tools need to be used to share content that is a beneficial. Genuine connections/communication.
I just hope #WVU gets a invite to the NIT!
Attention students: courses will continue as usual tonight at both campuses. Spread the word! & Happy MLKJ Day!
More coffee?
Yeah whats next you dont like to Frat !You dont deserve a penis ": Babe when are we going to chill "
I wasnt aware someone could get so trashy so fast, its been what like 3 weeks?!
Anytime Kat, enjoy your tweets, who can resist reading about killer glass )
I love finding cash in my pockets!
#TVLand awards:i wear gaucho's and my hair in a bun, so. but candice bergin-why the tux? and feel free to say "allyson why the clogs?"
Your tweets are annoying
Send a note to staff after meeting to remind them of your mission
. I get that a *lot*. (Apparently I have lost relatives in the South + Midwest who I look "just like.") I'm gonna try that!
#deepthought why don't coasters made of wood have water rings from cups?
Yes, a feast, !! Sounds really YUMMY! Good night!
What does that mean?
Roll Tide Roll!!!!!! Way to not get past midfield LSU...you are showing your badgerific colors!
Karen! So glad you can join us tonight on #InternPro... welcome!
Really just bought "Follow You" on iTunes. Only wish my bestie would've told me. Oh well.
Sleep mask with brand name
I wish you would just love me.
I havent fallen in love yet but when it happens i know im gonna fall hard.
you guys tune into "In the Trenches" m-f, 10-11, on sportstalk 790.....we love the Pack naturally
I feel so close to you right now, it's a force field.. and there's no stopping us right now, I feel so close to you right now!
Hey man, getting your package to go out today! Let me know when you get your Dreams bag!!!
This Mothers Day, celebrating by birthing something. If you're into that kind of stuff.
The Elegant University.
Buy local! Come to the NCRVDA Annual Show, supported by the local NCRVDA Dealers!
OMGG!! I found my long lost friend!! YAYYY
no news feed yet. I have registered her own domain name already though
um YEAH
Im replying to random tweets on my timeline bored as fuck beware bitches ;P
I don't usually, I can't do spicy foods yet here I am dumpin hot sauce on my mac and cheese and stuffin my face
GM Wigulous!! Start ur day w/ better thinking! Make money w/ hair extensions & exit the rat race! Email 4 free info on how
Good one. I like to do brainteasers or a quick game like Boggle. Also effective: "who came the farthest distance 2day?"
Tony the "Prince Charming" shoe-bearing schmoozer with the 12 yo son: already said no about him. It still stands.
Haha. I think it's super awkward, but honestly knowing those things would have been helpful for me :) Great job, HUGH!
Good morning lense lover!! :) get ready for a crazy busy weekend..
do you do house partys or would consitter doing one?
Sorry, Meryl. I did that. Whatever. Not you, again.
Congrats, lady. Proud of you, as always!
I'm an aunt to a beautiful baby boy! Congratulations sis, ! He's perfection!
Thanks, I will. great chat.
#RESPECT #CLIPPERS RT : you guys got game 6! Do work!
yes, yes it is wonderful!
Looking forward to photographing 5th Annual FEST-OF-ALL tonight!
Is very bummed that I can't find any San Diegans going to the Sacramento Eboard Convention Endorsements this weekend :(
Hey there!! :) How have you been!?
I'm right behind them.
Join us at 11:30 for mimosas in the Celebration Gardens. Step-Off is at 1 p.m. Arrive early - #OccupyIndy is in the same area as
Ottawa paw Ojibwa
When I was a small child, my aunt told me that you can't think of more than one thing at a time. I thought of a collage of related things.
I lasted all day at the office! Now...BED TIME (or at the very least a long nap)!
chances not very good
That is SO kind! I still need to come write in your clubhouse
Dear migraine, it is late and I really think you should leave now.
Sleep, hugs, kisses, love, friends, family, memories, smiles, laughter and fun...the best things in life really are free :)
Bluegrass for the rest of the night.
Check out our updated Website and Reduced Prices!! Can still register for September! www.TenacityCircusArts.com
aw what a small world!!! Hi Dolls!!! :)
And the rookie Landeskog continues the #Avs push for the playoffs!
I miss Hairston....
Why is it so much harder to finish my own website than it is for me to build one for a client?
hell ya bro! Whatcha need?
Im very sick
YOUR LOSS.
Will all ways be a Lefty guy but nice to see Tiger get a W.
Thank you, gentlemen!
I'm a fan but I bet Kobe has bitch slapped Barnes at least once in the locker room...
oh my god same here. im trying next week.
One big hole in #Spotify : search by record label. This is so important for electronic music.
#Beyond The Valley of the Dolls straw bed has to suck
If UNC or Duke get Shabazz, nothing will come of it. FreeShabazz
time for Denny's!
tomorrow gonna go to the cherry blossom festival at japantown! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Kinda sad I can't get the new Seahawks jersey before the draft tonight. But I'll be sporting the draft hat.
They backed it up. Time to head down the road to Foxboro
Make a waxing reservation with us this weekend to get Spring Break ready and ditch the razor this vacation!
I would go with the young and reckless v neck.
Think I'm gonna watch the rest of this Kentucky -Indiana track meet on the treadmill to get a better feel for it. Who needs a 3D TV?
Intriguing proposal, thoughts? MT “: I would pay higher taxes if all HS grads would get 2 yrs free in state college tuition”
when will we find out which country won out of the international poll (:?
i know, i wanna meet them so bad! my dream is to get discovered with my singing, & then make Harry mine! :D
Playing a private event at The Hard Rock today.. Expect to hear smooth jazz versions of Hannah Aldridge songs.
Thanks so much, one of our fun pet projects!
Had a good workout today.
I'll find it and post it. No worries. :)
Good evening! back from cool ride, back to more editing ;)
WOW can they come back after their contract ? ": they went over during the lockout"
come on!! where is the
haha I know I know
You can literally just do a Twitter search and see fans calling Joel Ward a "you know what". Media pins it on Boston. Go look at other towns
• I'm aware, I'm aware. Please note my massive tally of 52 followers!
Think about it. :)
I really wanna hear #SAYSOMETHIN again omg Im obsessed with tht song already !!!!! Thanks hahah I love it ! <U+2764><U+2764>
Amazed there are so few #firsteditions available of Henry Beston's "The Outermost House" when I search vialibri and abebooks.
Today is just a mess :p
Wow - 4 for 4! Northwestern MN ELCA Synod votes overwhelmingly to oppose amendment!
Thank you so much for the mention and for connecting with us!
Yeah? Drop me an email at aerys [dot] nhl [at] gmail [dot] com!
obviously not part of
Make It Nasty ~Tyga~
You are so freakin' beautiful!!! I'm jelous. lol :)
HGTS!!RT I need those summer nights posted in the alley
“Service to others is the rent you pay for your room here on earth.” - Shirley Chrisholm
Who is the most timeless musician of all time?
FOLLOW ME!<U+2665>
I wore a coat and tie to work today for maybe the 2nd time in 5 yrs. My podmate said I looked like I was on my way to a bar mitzvah.
Fat boys BBQ with the guys
so far I'm 2 for 2 with premature tweeting bringing good luck. so, ahem, I may be getting to see Horse Feathers and Brown Bird Saturday...
Welcome to twitter! x
Even when they dont like him.
I'll give him until next year then hez done
- How about some more info and possibly pics of those Crocs you've been sportin'?
what's good fam I still got that money ball just don't hoop like I use to hahah what's good man how u been?
WORTH REPEATING: If people don't ADD to your vision you must SUBTRACT them from your mission...
Y'all see this? Lol
thinking that we need to get our family farm interviews online. Nunn Center has 548 interviews in the family farm collection.
-u now know that I have some work to do on my house as well. (so we can laugh with each other about it)
One of my early concert memories was seeing The Monkees with Weird Al as the opening act at Pine Knob Amphitheater.
It finally let me post as a profile pic! Gotta represent the green this week :)
Great show tonight with tonight! Love those guys! Go check them out I you haven't already!
Have a wonderful Holiday! Make sure to stay warm and have supplies at home for outages and blizzards!
LMAO......He's terrible.
On the way to Florida! Haven't made it outta WV yet, and is already asleep lol
Chilling some bubbles but first must survive kids soccer game in the rain late afternoon.
Cody Johnson is trending.. weird..
I want to go into a deep sleep untill season 4 starts of TVD
I have your cookies from :)
chatting with the legendary in minutes!
#IKnowThisOneGirl Been my BFF since we were 7, I'll always have her back
11:11 just wished the kings will go to second round <3
-Mr. Extravaganza
Make sure to apply your awesomeness to yourself...
RT : Becoming a solid success requires a commitment to being flexible when needed.
hello to you too
So yea, I'm finna be hella bored today.
Hey legal marketing tweeps, catch the latest by following the feed #LMA12. Conference in Dallas starts today!
just completed 25 minutes of meditation with
Dam just got hungry for some Wendy's nuggets and fires <U+E120><U+E120><U+E120><U+E120><U+E33B><U+E33B><U+E33B><U+E33B><U+E043>
Nice so its good I didn't swing by today.
Exactly. Very sad.
"Don't stick your dick in crazy"
I think I did good ass hell on that math test
true but Not as Hot as you!
yea I don't mean to be a bitchass but I'm gonna pass as well. Too late for me.
Hello Tweepeople! We are only 16 weeks away from the 13th annual Austin Empty Bowl Project! Stay tuned to more info! (Pls tell friends!)
giving away special discounted pricing on "wedding performances" tomorrow at #weddingcakevodka event!
You need to open your eyes & realize <U+E00E>
OMG. So... I heard my boo is coming to Portland?
Is modern dance like when you're on mushrooms & want to be a secret ninja?
Good morning #trancefamily! It's going to be a long #TranceThursday!
I <U+2665> my daughter; I <U+2665> my babe; super tired had a long day and night my baby is sick was up all night a real mothers work never ends!
more than your yodi back pack? I think ppl would think it awesome lol
May 19th. First show of 2012. First show as the Klipsch Music Center. Be there!
sitting in IHOP on xmas: Sad because 1. It's IHOP on xmas and 2. It's the only place open with wifi on xmas
RT : Make your accomplishments seem effortless.
Why is yuneske6 still in the lineup... Even councell at 50 is better then this guy... And he sees more then 4 pitches per game...
What your mom said: "Get a job. Make some friends." What you heard: "Get money, f*ck b*tches."
If you're watching our Tweetchat, let us know! Tell us where you are and where you would like to #teachabroad next.
all I need our most recent
Massive turn-out at the Capitol in Atlanta.
lol, nice! to bad they are all sold out :(
It's lunch time ... COME & GET IT! $5 Taqueria Taco Lunch Special? Nachos? Steak & Potato Burrito?
: Congratulations on the nomination! This book was a great read! :)
Im having A Blast Figuring my Ipad Out!
Oh course I can't find the shirt I want to wear.
U know those days when u leave acting class & want to crawl into a hole & hibernate bc you feel like a worthless piece of shit?
Worst part of it is I know you dont feel the same way I do
I write and shot film
Beez in the trap
at first I thought 'ah, so sweet' and then I read the lick her ass crack part, WTH??!!
and may i say that eddie izzard is one funny sob...where have u been eddie?
hate Reba love
im so excited for lunch tomorrow!! :) somebody text me with enough time to shower to make sure i wake up lol
End of school week >>>
Of course. Thank you!
i have like a ton to do before I get where I wanna be
Thanks to my AWESOME brother, I get to go to the PACKERS game tomorrow night!!! W00T!!! So excited!!! 8-)
omg, i'm finally done.
I know what you mean! RT : I cannot keep up. Where's my staff of free labor?
Oh my gosh I cannot wait for Thanksgiving. I'm absolutely dying to cook, nosh and celebrate all my life's blessings. So thankful this year!
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 51F OVERCAST
Damn you, sweet potato fries!!!! Why must you ruin my salad with your deliciousness?!
Thanks! RT : Happy
Still waiting for that unexpected call, lol.
she's not that mad, I just told her I went to my friends gym class & she was like "why" and that kinda thing
I'm bored
dont have to take my history test until thursday! yeah!
ah !! I seriously am about to cry!<3
Hum, maybe, but there should be some kind of evolution in languages :-)
There has to be evil so that good can prove its purity above it. - Buddha
Praying hard 4
Dairy may assist in bone building, but it does nothing but make your bones harder and more brittle.
Alright here we go, first #MiggzMemory: When "Take Care" dropped and "Rich off a Miggztape" was coined. Perfect because Miggzy <3's Drizzy.
lmfao! That's what happens when we run out of shit to talk about.
Hopefully MANY more will see the light before November!!
Just now saw that - I'm actually heading to the Little Italy location. :)
Glad you finally found us -- and the piano would like to thank you for the Twitter shout-out. ;)
Excited that some ICTC corps members already have job interviews this weekend for the INCS career fair!
Are you still waking up often at 3 am? You are a Glinda apprentice you know! xoxo
Thnx for the follow....
Ready to go home and chillax and read...# lotsonmymindhere
BCS officials acting like a 4 team playoff is real change. Its the same garbage just repackaged.
After scoring two hugh pp goals, the rangers fall asleep again and turn the puck over that leads to another devil goal
FUNNY1! hahah..I hate smart phones for that reason!! lol..
Ye its da Latino mix :D “ remix? Or... “: My name is Miggie,and I ain't perfect, but I work hard so I deserve it!””
My last night of being 25...kinda sad about
I just finished a 2.12 mi run with a pace of 9'58"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
“: God's path for us leads us to greatness. Don't get caught up with the little crumbs on the way. Stay focused.”
Forensic files
because I laugh alot and I'm a girl.. y do you have 19 and 96 in you name
Damn autocorrect...i meant "in the fridge"
Glad to confirm that & will be participating in our project! Stay tuned for more info, starts in Sept!
Everytime I'm in a metropolis I feel like Brooks after leaving Shawshank
That was lust.
so grt to see you've gone this far, didn't know your story, thks 4 sharing inspiring others, checkout break the same by
the Rangers #NYR are killing it this period. yay!!!
Hey all - how are your businesses doing today?
want to see J Edgar next, anyone seen it?
Im so sun burnt! But i had fun
my personality makes me beyond beautiful. It is not what's on the outside but it is what's on the inside that makes anyone beauti
lmfao i knew it!!!
Feel'n like a mojito? Have your pick tonight $5 mojitos...jumpstart your week!
“If it’s nothing more than a smile – give that away, and keep giving it.”
/ But remember, players earn organic BUZ points when ANYONE mentions or RTs them on Twitter, even outside of gameplay...
Hey we have Titans VS Cardnals and Green Chile Cheese Burger combo for only 7.50 or 6 wings combo for 6.99
Knock KnockWho's there !Agent !Agent who ?Agentle breeze !
About the kill the construction workers at my house. Terrible way to start the day.
Tomorrow is going to be warm.
We've both admitted at least once that we miss each other. It means we need each other.<3
#iReallyHateWhen daylight savings time takes an hour sleep away from me! That hour gone feels like you didn't sleep all night!
MHS grad earns AP, Google scholarship for innovative idea - Marshalltown Times Republican
Finally home.... & I have school tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Remember to be nice to your Boss today - October 15 is Boss's Day!
I loves a clean house I do.
Q&amp;BA: How many exoplanets have been discovered? | Bad ...
Just got to deliver the news to my Buyer that their contract was accepted...one of the best part of my job!!!
nice new digs!
Chillin with the radio on :)
This person has not set up her iCould yet...
Who's the dumbass who made this quote? lol. RT " I bet you half these rappers use windows on their Mac " lmfao
Browne: When National expanded, the first thing decided was it would be accessible to Metro. Everything else came after that.
Story of My Life , and History of a Boring Town RT : What's the song that defines your high school years?
It's my birthday! Yay!! :)
you're a winner. :)
yeah it went really well just long and so much info
Carmelo! They love you they hate you n they love you again. #teamknicks ! What a game
people thinking im ghetto i don't think so
How long do the #RedSox make us wait today before calling a rainout?
It's time for a trip
WORD! RT PANCAKE DAY! IF YOU NEED SPECIAL DAY TO REMIND YOUSELF TO LOVE PANCAKE! THEN YOU LIVE LIFE WRONG!
The technology and comforts of today were the concepts and fantasies of yesterday. Learn,Grow, imagine and Inspire.
What is a romantic evening to you? twitter
"If I forgot anybody - you know who you are..." Awesome speech at the
punk!! Lol yes. And you? Work, school?
--> “: That awkward moment when you see someone that looks like someone you know, yell their name, and realize it’s not them.”
thanks for the follow! be sure to check out our facebook page and help spread the buzz on JADED!
the ONLY way to get us out of bed at 5am on a Friday is the promise of some wonderful yoga (and coffee!)
took a look at your web site www.socialize.ae, love the colors
Boss got knocked out Damn that was a cheap shot!!
Anor. Finally. Jesus.
Is it safe to bring back the Beer & Chicken Wings yet...we still suck without them!
Thanks for the info!
the decision moved to 7, yes!!! my guess is that they all are taking their talents to South Beach, I mean, the NBA
ALEX! Will you be in NYC for Austins CONCERT?!
omg he must have been like a little kid lol
gives us every reason to hope that every problem has a solution
very cool, hope the class is going well. Can't wait to see your new Tweet Army in action
Working away from home office part-time as a writer/editor could be a good thing! Lots of old friends there. Am enjoying the interactions.
I only have myself to blame.
fasho man just keep me posted when your coming to the Chi.
Nickelback covering Black Eyed Peas would be FAR worse.
welcome back, hope the glitter ball fills you with disco joy!
Come join us at the hideaway in southeast.
With pleasure, Ms. Luan. *Bringing my hand down against your behind. Caressing between each smack, alternating cheeks*
hahha I want you to cone back!!!;(
Teacher made fun of my fat handwriting pshh Hater!
Ok so #AWP12, Bookfair is at Hilton Chicago so I take the orange line from Midway to Roosevelt? Not Palmer House? Every year I am confused.
Waking up early to workout is not fun, but I def feel pretty good afterwards. #totally worth it
me too
: Next billion dollar businesses will be at intersection of exponential technologies. Massive opportunities for entrepreneurs everywhere.”
Had achill night now heading to work, Happy Mothers Day!
It is likely for there to be a dance with life, a artsy reply to its intrinsic restrictions and troubles.
I can only imagine how much is freaking out right now...
Haha. Can I come? RT : I need to borrow your kids so I can go see Lion King and Puss in Boots!!! <U+E057>
u tagged yaself in it lmao
i wanna shoutout !
thanks for the follow Casey! :)
Waahh Starts @ 9:30 You're good RT Weather delay for Trinity/St X. I just want to make it home in time to watch the #Mavs in OKC.
“ Under a #Leo's shield of armor, lies the most tender and fragile of hearts of the zodiac.”
Yay! Glad you liked them. We have one square left, which we are savoring. :)
Heh. I'm actually waiting for ESM's "Information Overload?" ...LOL...think that applies?
Thanks!! Feel free to use any photos on our facebook page... facebook.com/iamskele
Eh, I'm used to it with him...
I'm so tired
Hospitality is Resistance -
ill just smoke after my workout and a shake
I have basic HTML knowledge, but I can't really put that as something I did in my last few jobs.
I wouldn't know where to look. You have a goofy haircut
i'm such a creep.
At the Loving Touch.
Eating at cracker barrel
Gosh, my dog is gonna be an outside dog soon. She is six years old and acting like she is six months old. Keeps going potty in the house.
NaLee2010.com CHECK IT OUT brand new book Trilogy Fantasy Mermaids Dragons a private island full of secrets and a sheriff to make you want..
gaaaaaaaaahhh...i want to go to there
Need mixtape covers holla at me. Ask bout my work
FOR EVERY WOMAN UP TALKIN BOUT WE TAKIN SPORTS TO SERIOUS DONT NOBODY SAY SHIT TO YALL WHEN YALL BE ON TWITTER TWEETIN' BOUT BAD GIRL CLUBS
You should give us a shot!
i can't have any packages come to my house till my room is done =[ of course i got jordans for 60$
On set already outside of the Nokia Theatre!
Just ran into at the office. Looking forward to meeting the 2011-12 CKI board members today!
I used to listen to the Beach Boys greatest hits on vinyl in my living room when I was a young'n
Oh God, I feel so scrubby & out of place in Nordstrom.
I love Walmart! Lol.
60 degrees, birds singing, cherry blossoms.
wow... Just wow. Save us a piece!
did McCain just say "surge in Iran?"
do they not practice free throws...ever?
Im listening to Kings Of Leon packing....... Cedar Point better be worth it lol
you all are totally rocking it out on TSO...I am huge a cappella fan and performer...IMO the five of u are just amazing!!!
RT: : Please, tell your followers to follow us, and to consider helping us trend #LoisLaneSeries on 12/12!
I could take one to ALA and I'm sure I'd find somebody willing to glower over it for you. :)
you can be in my brains anytime
OU lighting it up coming down the stretch. Gonna be a photo finish
Hour in a half left of work
Really go dick ride Tannehill
VY is out as #Titans QB. Fisher stays!!
MY LIFE
How inappropriate is it to send hate tweets to and #SteveBlake'sWife!!!! Grow up, Laker Fans!!!
One is never too old for a good 'ol white cherry icee
its new , dont buy it tho .
yay I am so exited for b/d days now
McGehee should just go to bat wearing a hard-shell sombrero with an ear flap.
New EP & free show June 1st!
what do u need?
get an iPod! Battery lasts way longer!!
“ Idris Elba... stares intently in your eyes and says "I want to make love to you" ... and there you go .
Why can't you remember stuff when I tell you
Look at life through the windshield, not the rear view mirror. -Byrd Baggett
off of facebook
Why rain on friday
When I get home, I'm sleeping for 20 hours
#YouKnowItsRealWhen you get pinched and you aren't asleep.
ohh yeah ill text youu c:
aw :( sad face she's gonna make you clean desks
Where have you been?
Are you going to the Indiana Business Rally? Use hashtag #IndianaBusinessRally to connect with other ralliers!
I can give up every fast food out there but when i pass a taco bell I just gotta get a burrito
Ugly girls dancing to Brittany spears at iggys...stop
You like it? I'm going to say this, and possibly again later, repeatedly..I LOVE RAY BRADBURY! Okay, I am done, for now.
it's interesting. ;D Let me guess you love Liam?
This allergy thing is going to kill me! I've never had them before. Apparently you get them when you move to the Valley. Drugs please!
RT "Successful people NEVER stop growing! They never stop evaluating, learning, asking, failing, & trying." -Michael Chowning
here! Talk at the lunch break?
I am hoping to get my blog added tonight for information about food, recipes, health tips, videos, and good ole fashioned stuff
The key is not to prioritize your schedule but to schedule your priorities
Yep. Mom is from Eagle Pass; Dad is from San Benito. They live in Eagle Pass now.
Cabrera HR- #Tigers score the 1st run of the game in the 1st.
amazing! Flawless etc. :D
thanks man! Just getting our clothing line ready for summer release... What's good with you?
New Toddlers and Tiaras tonight! (:
My grandma is cursing the Comcast people out lmao
haha. So was the burger little or big?
right.thats it..:D
great meeting you at #shecon and hanging with you at the after parties. Please keep in touch and let's brainstorm sometime
• THANK YOU. I've been asking everyone. About the third R.
lmao i&#39;m glad you feel comfortable enough to tell me that... but idc. terrible way to waste such a pretty mouth lmao
Sixers and Flyers in the same day? WHAT!!!! What do I wear? I'm gonna rock the Briere winter classic jersey!
I wasn't really going to watch anyways
You already know what I think you should do..
Workshop on Selphyl, the “Liquid Face Lift”.Today,Nov. 12th in only a few hours-1:00pm in Coral Gables.Call 305-640-5603 for info!
U good bro?
was the pizza good? Were the sweet potatoes already cooked?
OLLG tickets. Let the hunger games begin.
Don't care what you look like, if you're cool and nice to me, you're awesome in my book.
Bet Tebow looks better in practice reps.
I believe in jurisprudence, obviously, but it'd be great to skip rest of trial & sentence #Murdoch & Brooks to lifetime of hacked calls.
Oh you still love Justin Bieber? Have fun in 4th grade next year!(:
totaly swag on video (love Will Find You) come to Croatia..
I will talk to you anytime... Not just the number game
Yes! RT : Congrats to , and for running an awesome campaign of twitter shock and awe yesterday for
When I looked at coverage, 'breaking news' didn't appear to be a fair barometer.
One of our endorsed candidates, Chad Lauga, released his new commercial today. He needs your support to win! Share this....
not sure. If I do it wont be until after summit. We're going to Hawaii then a week back home then right to summit.
RT Jeff Van Gundy: Asked Morey how many wins would result from going 2-for-1 every time. Answer: 1 every 2 years.
What do you need to get looked at? We might be able to help
I like Hoosier Fat Daddy's & I think they have a bigger (& changing) menu...more so than West Coast Tacos. Just my opinion.
"I don't forgive people because I'm weak, I forgive them because I am strong enough to know people make mistakes. -Marilyn Monroe
what twitter client are you using?
hahahahahah. True friend.
where you headed? Be safe
Day Job(exhilarating) School(exhausting) Watchin DABEARS w/family PRICELESS
RT : Twitter is so cool! where else can a chump like me get to talk with Ernest Hemingway's granddaughter?
Yeah, I've got that on my calendar. Excited! That's my favourite derby event in the world.
EyreAffair: i guess 41. RT bets on the number of followers gets in 1st day. closest without going over wins #sl ...
Yeah... Good luck with that! :)
Get your brunch on before you head out to Summerfest:) Free Shuttle starting at 4pm
Its NOON, and im still up... NO insomnia here.. LOL
Why did they have to update twitter!?
How are you dealing with the current economy? Has your job, business or income been affected with recession? How about your health?
My Cuzco done cut her hair now I'm kick her ass wen I see her
All is now well with the site WORDij.net People can download the software from there as desired.
you think you suck at dinner? I am having wine and Pringles.
we definately should!
Hard drive: Guttenberg&#39;s Printing Press Enabled Mass transportation ...
That is quite the achievement!! Congrats on such great progress!! ^jl
I know all of your flaws and yet I still think you're perfect
I am not an empty doll I'm not ordinary star strange, but I'm crazy I'm Jasmine Villegas! and only honesty is most important to me .....;)
Hey Meatloaf & Busey, keep away from Canseco's juice (steroids). #celebrity apprentice.
Goin home gotta do hw for dr kinsman bt i hope my mother doesnt yell at me again
Most important competency for future leaders? Beverly Kaye:
Shame on #Romney for using Obama's words out of context in an ad to mislead his audience. Don't want a liar as my President!!!!
#iUsedToLikeYouBut I figured out you don't know who are and now it's impossible for me to like you...
"omg you're in a band?" "yeah, wanna suck my piece?" LOL
Total bummer! You wouldn't think that would happen until it really warmed up!
If you want to feel grateful for your own family see Long Day's Journey into Night Powerful play that really haunts you.
Happy Sunday to all!
Creighton Prep tomorrow..
Hey, I love your theme. How can I resize the photo sets? B/c they stay in their original size it throws every thing off?
I dont know why she is so concerned about the person I'm dating. Seriosuly, its none of your buisness... Specially, you trying to get [c]
love you too kid
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
It was when he couldn't say the continents correctly looooooooooooooooool.
Doing a Test and see who really looks at Twitter. So if you read My Tweets E-mail Me at for a Free Product. Ends Friday
The most we can #Hope for in life is Love & Joy... The best we can do is... #Work toward those things that make us happy!
hey it's me off of facebook
msnbc and NBC are not truth seekers! That's why they're viewership continues to decline
It works. Cool
I am looking for #vietnam #war pictures to put in the #blackapril slideshow & i'm so sad. So many have lost their
Also, just ordered two new cookbooks. I may be a cooking gal afterall. Getting into it!
Great weekend w/the Smithville Chamber of Commerce giving me a full tour of Smithville filming locations incl. Tree of Life & Hope Floats
added Alta and Frank to my try list. Thanks for the recs. I'm a big Jane fan. Haven't been for brunch though.
Hungar Games was good, so was the Munchie's frozen yogurt afterward.
Thanks! RT : I like the new name, too. Well done.
RT : Today is National Health Care Decisions Day. Talk about organ, eye and tissue donation – and register today!...
#UFC pay per view to tonight!! Watch it with us. Arrive early for good seats!
Jude told me he hopes I never get grownupnapped because he'll miss me.
She sounds like an American Hero
Uploaded a bunch of proofs this week!! A big thanks to , and for all their hard work :)
I had to change twice! Now my knee hurts, but we still rocked it with the big guns!
One plus of pre-7am trips to Chicago every Saturday: ZMax Racing Country - Music from the fast lane!
heading to my salsa class with elizabeth v.
it's lonely at lifetime without you babe
Hey chefs, thinking of kitchen redo (finally! Woohah!) what gas range do you recommend?
Ha! My first reaction was "Is Jessica pregnant?" Thanks for clarifying.
Someone working on their ceiling right under my sink in my bathroom. Wow!!!
Your welcome :)
not tonight but I might still stop thru tho... and are hosting the show
Very special thanks to Jerry Smith, Elroy Smith and Ms. Cathy Hughes for having me!!! It was an honor!
Yea, I especially like the dancing fox! Actually, I find that tumblr has some fantastic art blogs. CaveToCanvas is just 1.
Everything in the world may be endured except continued prosperity. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749 - 1832)
RIP, Irvin Kershner. Thank you for the best directed Star Wars movie and one of the best lines, "I love you...I know."
I don't wanna leave
"Why try to fit in, when you were born to stand out!" #teamtallgirls #teamtall #teamlonglegs #teamtallladies #tallandpretty #TGIF ;)
We work to help you harmonize the unequivocal demand for business results creating workplaces where people find meaning and purpose,
Forgot I still have to do the diction paragraph for Olsen. UGH kill me now:'(
WTG #ronartest. You know who you are. Way to rehabilitate. dope.
Today is going to be a day filled with Glory!
And you bitches don't wanna hear it idgaf
Jets fans: "The fish rots from the head down."
what kind of text?
that's what I kept saying!
the whole if he only knew how easy it is or something
There are things I wish I could do, that I will never be able to do because I want to be a good person.
that movie >> Haha
not what you use though...all in how u use it. classics have been made on really primitive equipment.
love their wings!
Really want to go see tonight at but not willing to shell out 66 bucks...
So excited to celebrate the birth of my savior ! &&& guess what ,, He loves YOU!(((: #His<3isbettter
"Setting an example is not the main means of influencing others; it is the only means." (Einstein)
blastin kirko bangz and my dad comes in my room and starts dancin least i know where my swag comes from now LMAO
Nice to meet you too! I had a great time chatting after #SITweetup - I will def let you know when we host one at
got my order today!
where been at
Wait, this is a thing? It's not just me?
Make sure you're following for, uh, Nathan Fillion posts? And TMI Tuesday. I guess.
He can't add two sugars and one cream :/.
I Wish iHad A Car .
Cancer alone not enough. Is younger race available? MT : Gingrich on leaving race: "Not unless it gets cancer."
Thanks for the RT!
what do u mean???? But I'm so hungry!
I am not getting much time on here or Facebook today.. way busy and
he did this in Tampa, why is everyone surprised?
it's a bad time for the dystopian concept with the Hunger Games dominating that genre right now.
We had so much fun last week at the Nines we decided to do it again! Join us (& PB&G) on the 20th for our Wedding Party:...
gotcha dude :)
i barely be on twitter anymore...
I can't speak for everyone here, it's not my thing, but whatever you're into, go with it. Follow your path.
u got some funny tweets
I just love all your videos :)
I understand it's not the Olympics, but who the hell is playing for the US Pan Am team. I haven't heard of half these dudes
Yes, I may meet a million pretty girls that know my name but don't you worry, cuz YOU HAVE MY HEART<3 :')
People don't change they just find new ways to lie to you.
I don't really know what I'm gonna do. But for sure the wrestling thing.
The natural (or material) enemy of data is cold hard cash.
Thanks sis! Sorry you can't make it out here. :(
Lmfao personal questions with your bestfriend >>>
Weekend workout at the gym. Then some things to catch up on...
oh shit, super jealous right now #hatin haha. I always dream of going there
Thank you RT": Keep ya head up chelle!"
Tomorrow is the big day. Andrew meets my parents.. may god be with you .
oh I wanna swim haha
Things are getting better. I am just finishing up my internship and I have had a few job interviews over the past two weeks.
't that the thinking last year?
miss you times a million
Thanks for the follow Crescenti Moon (CMPetSitting)! :)
good morning! Be careful today
I'll be your honey bee.
Trivia is at 8 tonight. Come try it out!
what's that one?
I take pills to keep my badassery to levels that don't constantly blow other people's minds too!
“To conquer oneself is a greater victory than to conquer thousands in a battle.”
Elvis & his Spectacular Spinning Songbook were fantastic! Was the 4th time I've seen EC over the years & it's always great!
you goin to la cosina tonight?
In my last tweet, 'he' obviously refers to OJ. Everyone knows he was innocent and Tiger killed Caylee Anthony.
I love art, and tht is why I does this. FeedMeGraphics.com............
Our homie is coming to #PXYSJ on 6/12. #StupidFacedd Another Superstar announcement tomorrow with !
So today I won $100 to Texas de brazil and then got home and there steak and lobster! Good day!
About to have an amazing dinner with the family! Steak and crab <3 nothing better
Ours got kicked!
yea.. sure
thanks! i'll still talk lots about music. just not in the longer form for the most part.
Missing my #daughters so much <3 Hate weekends w/o my girls....
Thanks for the follow. Horror scares me but I like being thrilled.
interesting idea. But what if the students don't realize what works best for them until they have invested the $?
apparently there's another keithrivers on twitter, and yes i'm copying you because you're so cool
don't forget Catching Fire tomorrow...
oh, so when I'm in the car you can tweet but when I'm not you can't.
Me, too. It amazes me she's always got something negative to say about Obama. But nothing negative about that clown Romney! Ugh!
That makes u one lucky guy!!
Hello Phoenix! Just landed!
#dhtrial I asked p. Atty what are you thinking? "I'm thinking 2:15" was his answer.
spend it with me
ok awesome :-)
Starting now I'm going to save money so I can buy me a computer ^^
Same here!
In Pasadena filming our 3rd spot for Doritos. =)
lmao! Word... Text it to me
whoa now never that lol
When girls start drama with a guys girlfriend bc the guy doesn't like her? Seriously stop acting petty and get over yourself.
Congrats on the #HOF. 2 most famous people from RHS, you and Jeremy Delle.
oh yes, -gasp- conversations are learning experiences #musesocial. I ask people to share personal stories based on a theme
Insanely long day... hope to go to bed soon.
The most technologically efficient machine that man has ever invented is the book. - Northrop Frye
I admire "The Journey"--the online campaign for the Microsoft KIN: www.Facebook.com/KIN. Smart, funny. Will it sell phones?
new Family Guy, yay :)!
it is stupefying.
Interesting blended program design from UF for prof. practice doctorate in Ed Tech
Workout.time at golds gym lets see how.this.goes
I fucking hate allergies
Thank you for the Rt.
Well, maybe the market manipulators don't have leverage after all.
Come see us!
Please, do help me peer-pressure the brilliant Need her there :)
Not to butt in but I have to agree and is why Mike's last post cracked me up.
organic cancer fighting foods for humans and dogs
mall with the cuzzzinnnn :p (:
Nigga u doing the most
It was so cold last night I dreamt it snowed.
Do you sell it commercially? If so, you should enter it in our contest and see how it stacks up.
Killing this it's beat right now O boy
Merry Christmas World <3 !!!
time for
Joy to the World! Friday's almost here!
hey dudette.. u sound intense, are you a dominatrix? or what
Wouldn't miss seeing Felger after this!! Go get some coffee Troy. 4th Quarter coming up.
wtheck. Are u ok?? Did u get the block buster job?
while I think the Pres should sign that exec order, the Easter egg roll is not a place to talk policy.
Just finished shooting a car promo for a new client!
Coming up today, Nuggets radio voice Jason Kozmicki, Rockies beat writer Troy Renck and Rockies catcher Chris Iannetta! AM 1510.
RT : physical forms in general have terrible UX.. always takes me forever to fill them out because I'm used to soo much better!
i want to fight for my dream!
had to wait 30 seconds for steak.
I say 2016 for Justice League, with Peter Berg. Remember, Snyder whiffed it with Watchmen AND FuckerBrunch.
Congrats! ": Congrats to our friends at for their carrier of the year award at #NASSTRAC!"
RT : How do you decide on a career? My best advice? Do informational interviews. Maybe is a good place to start!
please recline ur chair instead of hammering it backwards and spilling everything on the person behind you or breaking their laptop screen
Washington park bound!
stay up on all the best deals in Tampa on one page .com
Any artist want to perform @ da 2011 w North AV send stage name an contact to
ik thats right ! And aw man , about what ? Lol
lmao i probably will an cool
tan, clean cut, muscular country boys <3
how are you guys getting there
Just munched a 'Yellow Egg' road goodie worth 3 points!
Each wrinkle in the face tells a story.
Have you ever tried using edibles as a way to medicate?
I can't believe what just happened on
Spend five hours in my sister's house, awesome !!
B***h I go go to work Stacking kraby patties (:
I text you. You don't text back. I feel stupid. Therefore, I won't be texting you again.
I'm more entwining watching my friends do the same things hehe
8 days 'til #CONV12 (client); 14 days 'til #VegFestWA; 15 days 'til Mercer Island Half Marathon. Excited, but wish these were my sleep hours
#moverslongisland is waiting for your requests! need a quote? estimation? call or write us! office working until 9pm!!
Why the fuck would I want that shit -_- haha RT: should come get me so I can get us some swishers
haha oh man that must be AWFUL then!! What's the show name, again? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0080>
you should click that little button on my page that says follow(: and guess what... You're a creeper(;
I want panera, so you know what? I'm gonna get panera.
U gonna need me 1day
a little bit of both. Actually mostly twitter accounts of or impersonating dead celebrities.
Women might be able to fake orgasms. But men can fake a whole relationship.
That explains all the CSIs, what would CSI: Denver be about? The case of the hipster missing a goof hat?
Delicious halibut for dinner. Now back to the beach for more walking.
RT : I WORE A HOODIE AND THE A/C ISN'T WORKING.
her name's Mary Schwarz.
Wait til you see the list of anti-family, anti-woman bills ALEC lobbies your electeds for, w/ Johnson & Johnson's help.
Happy new year all my fellow duffers, hackers and pros! Best wishes in 2012!
(In Leadership) The oil can is mightier than the sword ~ Everett Dirksen
Going to Ice House Pasadena!!!!
you're way late on that one. Been jamming to that since 'nam
Happy Mother's Day!
Much appreciated! ;-)
it really grinds my gears when i pore some cereal for breakfast and then yelp just my luck #nomilk ill guess ill have poptarts
I feel that #fall is taking its toll / the #sadness surrounds all #thoughts and all sounds / I wish for the light / and tears out of sight
What do you think is the major purpose of jails in the criminal justice system?
Well, there's been MORE of her but she hasn't been on as often, if you know what I'm sayin'.
please follow me your so beautiful and very talented :)
the Kitten on Aristocats has your name (:
I never understood how calling someone short was offensive... I mean like if we need to run we will just go under your legs
CKC Custom Homes is dedicated to designing and constructing unique homes throughout San Antonio.
I'd rather see him dressed up in his (fantasy) MLB uniform. Orioles, right? Homer against the Expos?
She loved the e-card I sent her :)
who!! RT : Zach would've beat your ass you dumb Fuck
Everyone deserves happiness, yes, even you.
#pabst open up the wifi to encourage tweets.
I'm so tired stayed up all night just got home from getting blood work done everything's fine. Now off to bed I go. Be back later. <333 Shan
here's to the best steak grilled in the world !!
The Artist is an absolutely amazing film. It deserves every award it has won and every award it has yet to win.
Swag on Obama
I want to sleep but I can't I just wanna listen to music and be held damn it
just signed up for MAGIC Live convention Aug14-17, 2011. Very hopeful I won't have to cancel.
Day 1 at : have discovered I'm terrified cameras and of expressing emotions. How did I get like this?!
it's getting icy.
lots, I'm sure. i think people steal urban fiction because they are embarrassed to be seen checking it out!
I loved Leaving Paradise, Return to Paradise and Perfect Chemistry. Do you follow your fans?
is make patterns for an elegant design
I'll watch any genre with that as an ethos.
I would suggest getting in touch with Ginny Probasco to find someone. I can DM the URL if you like
You're welcome. It's well deserved.
Flat tire. Bo :(
Oh cool. I need a FUCKING cigarette.
thanks! did you send the info to ?
How can librarians prepare to meet with a vendor? Visit vendor website; compare products; review budget
We pay for our own missions in the #lds church so this plant sale donation is a great help - many thanks to GoldHill Nursery for this!
happy bday lincoln
Waiting for doc to finish up the scans now. Feeling good about it, though! Coolest technician ever! :)
COCONUT WATER – WHAT ARE YOUR THOUGHTS? Coconut water contains L-arginine, an amino acid that stimulates the energy center of your cells, a…
Yes RT : #shoutout to the tall chicks..with ass
ANDREA ESTES'S NAME WAS DRAWN AS THIS MONTH'S WINNER FOR 2 FREE HOURS. BECOME A FAN OF OKC PARTY BUS ON FACEBOOK TO BECOME ELIGIBLE
“: On the GOP: "It’s astonishing that a party with nearly limitless financial resources has such paltry human resources.
All museums have an e-volunteer program. It's called #Wikipedia - team up!
Who will be at Secure360 this year? I'll be doing their social media coordination...
Wooooopppppsss!!!! Rest assured, it seems as though I didn't ruin too much
My last #SundayLibrarian shift until September!!!!
ill play
Hey, we just added new funny tshirts, with the help of Busted Tees. Check it! Http://www.spotlighttees.com. Bring on the feedback!
Former Widcat Eric Adeyemi takes opening kick for Kent at Alabama.
Just because u smoke doesn't mean you cool it just means you suck at using money and you get bored a lot
You look good on me.
51 and sunny with a 100% chance of day drinking tomorrow for my birthday. All-American BBQ in Denmark
You know I'd do anything for this to happen... <3
why are people being so hands-off with this #oilspill ? where are the #celebrity tweeterers that rallied around Haiti?
People are so upset that #MayweatherWon, that they can only talk about him going to jail :p
Words can even explain how fun was today.
congrats on the son big man. you're gonna be a hell of a dad
lmfaooo that's weird!!
#IfIWonTheMegaMillions....Im not calling no one lol....
I'm definitely feelin vaishGod for your new name
Bob!! I am always keeping tabs on you and other favorites. Have been regrouping and will fill you in soon. Take care!
Oh my!
Gus Hansen’s Big Win In Big Game
Would you change for the one you love???
what in gods name are you doing saturday??
Yesterday I have watched a amazing film for and #kajol omg it was name of film "dilwale dulhania le jayenge" I love this film !!<U+2665>
": I don't chase after anyone anymore.. If you wanna walk out of my life, I'll hold the door open for you"
"No tears now, just dreams." -Fuen
Symbols v pic's? Research=symbols better. MyTalk users=photos, symbols too abstract! Symbols great for verbs? Ideas?
Please and thank you! You pick the cartoons and I'll make breakfast!
Boxwire #BizTip: Don't go MIA after a sale. Good customer service goes far beyond a 5 minute payment transaction.
thanks for the support!
RT Thank God Jesse Sorensen should make a full recovery. An injury at the c1 level scary thing. Good kid w a bright future.
"Keep me guessing with these blessings in disguise - And I'll walk with grace my feet and faith my eyes." ::caedmon's call::faith my eyes::
When it rains, it pours
time travel .
Thanks! We're rerecording so check back often!
kim go hard
Do you think Ballard would hold up against the run better than Casey?
Already regret wearing my Clima~Cools to work. Stepped in a puddle :(
Its currently 1am and what am I doing? Voting like a crazy for in the iHeartRadio contest. You should too. ;)
Nicely done! :)
We have no secrets (except our true identity, but that's just for fun). We only have LOVE. #libraries only have
Sex biased out-migration does crazy things to local sex ratios. 1.16:1 in this Parish.
RT : YES!!! the heat lost hahaha I should have a toast to that
Yay! And I am very curious what goes in an improv cart! RT : We're very excited to be using QCart this fringe !
good morning #dang you live @ the job
THNX QUEEN!!! RT ..Congrats honey!! You deserve it;)
But in order to make that happen, i still gotta get my fuckin feet off the ground. . . . STEP 1
Join us tonight on at 8pm for some holiday cheer!
Welcome to the DMV , lets get it.
let's go eat some Vietnamese and Pakistani food
Happy bday friend! :) hope its been going great!
Thanks for following us, please have your friends follow us too!
thanks for shout out!
awesome hotel. One if my favs! Send pics.
MT : Harold #Burson visit followed by Red Sox Opening Day. Not sure this day can get any better.
Thank you for your work but #nfb now follow back
#castle is good, wife doesn't agree however...
Busy but hopefully enjoyable weekend ahead! :-)
so today is #nationalbestfriendday? oh, oh well. dont have one, too bad.
Lmao when r we going to a game?!?! ": AH"
Thought of the day: Don't be upset about how far you still have to go, be excited about how far you've come! =)
Happy #MothersDay to all the fab moms in my life and by life I mean twitter feed!
is he the eye doctor? Your Korean mother would TOTALLY approve of that, right? Lol
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Ultimately, everything that builds your visibility long-term should start with thinking about how you can SERVE.
Quiet night tonight. Anyone have a suggestion for a movie?
yes totally.
im doing just fine havent talk to you in a while!
Fact: I hate working out at home
Really good; loving Altimeter. You're in NY now? Would love to stop by when I'm in town. And vice versa :-)
hi Gary, you can reach us as baltimore[at]lesstalkmorewalk[dot]com or at 443-470-WALK.
The blackberry desktop thing slows my computer right down.
Let your thoughts match your heart. There's no better way to face adversity than accepting that it's purpose is working for your good!
bricks! there is the 4th qtr james we know and love
Thanks! I'll miss working with you too!
Fraternity symbol (kind of the letters) on the inside of ankle with tribal wrapping around. its pretty classy
Tell me about it, stressed to the max. Still with the Bucks.
I Send Her A Morning Text, Let Her No She Was On My Mind.
right - poor coaching and costly mistakes, game could have easily been 21-0 in the first half
Alicia Keys videos make no fucking sense
I was at #oetc12 and went to some great sessions.
Finally reading The Hunger Games after seeing the movie. The Anthem of Panem sounds so much different in the book!
Wow, what a crazy story! Hopefully he finds a good loving family.
Shannon to the Suns!
Me: I really hate my personality Me: I really hate my body Me: I really hate my face Me: I really just hate myself
haha well we agree
Ok, here's one spoiler It's top 18, not top 20 this year. I'll start a SYTYCD Spoiler post.
This is true....": NEVER DOUBT WHAT GOD CAN DO BC HE IS TRULY AMAZING :)"
had a long night that was funny af *i am such an ahole haha
New York State of Mind
You don't know where they've been.
Gross. RT : This is one of the happiest days of my life. Go !
Haven't gotten much sleep these past few days. Please just let this workday go by quickly...
I wish #twitter was more about self promotion...
This is fantastic. Thank you! Great to meet you and I'm looking forward to Twitter stalking you in the months ahead :)
Driving on the wrong side of the road in my neighborhood and telling my mom we're in Europe >>
Jason, approximately how many picks will the Pack have in the upcoming draft and in what rounds?
After 4 wks of heavy drinking (<U+5976><U+8336>), even heavier eating, all-day walking, and all-night singing & mahjong playing, it's time to leave Taiwan
Thanks for the Blog Post RT!
QoTD: "Control your fate or someone else will." (Heinrich von Pierer)
Girl: he my baby daddy. He ain going no where. OH!! Bol. That's what they think tho? Bby don't keep a man!
please share what brand, I love them!
yup. 1st day tomorrow on Park ave.
i need to get serious about running. i'm getting lumpy.
Remember when I thought you were straight. Hahahahaha!
lol I spent so much money already and i'm still hungry
He's usually good for 2. Pretty nice kid. So so player at this point. Very raw.
Girls Living Life On Purpose, Inc is gearing up for another exciting year. Still time for parents in DFW area to register their daughter.
Service is what life is all about.
I absolutely HATE how the Huffington Post app auto-plays videos on nearly every page. Can't use the thing in public anymore!
RT I am free of all prejudices. I hate every one equally. W. C. Fields
i have changed and i will change back. Good night breh
omg he did?! BUMMER (for me) lol; and did you get a shoutout? :D
HUGE #NFL SUNDAY @ BPOSport.com w/ #JT hitting his LARGEST NFL PLAY to date, #MrW hitting his LARGEST NFL Release to date, & #HKC SNF WIN
I always say how I don't need you but it's always gonna come right back to this...
Never can, never will, can't hold us down!
I love him but sometimes he really needs to stop listening to other people !
what does that mean? It comes up randomly when I'm updating apps through the store.
thanks for the follow had Indian food last night!! Naan lover for life!
singing and acting, and I love what I do will one day be a big star to and love justin :)
Great meeting you the other day, Howard!
Padres will honor former Rockies owner Jerry McMorris with moment of silence tonight.
Whoa! R u up you up and ready to party again 2night Shasticians?
awesome :) that's great :)
Dismissal rule will allow assembly to easily replace members who withdrew in protest of FJP/Nour control.
Going to be a busy weekend
I hope RT : but it's a once in a lifetime opty!
I'm glad you're feeling better :)
JULY | REFUSED | CHICAGO
sweet. I see looks like James Jones, Brad Jones, Randall Cobb and Ryan Taylor. I don't recognize the rest yet lol
aww I just finished watching it! So good!
I VOTED FOR RNG, please follow me. <U+2661>
I am very thankful to receive the blog giveaway A Course in Weightloss from Goddess Life Creatrix Feeling so blessed to recv
something like that. He can hit it a ton when he's on. And he's a grand slam champ!
Laundry is the only thing that should be seperated by color
~Oprah Winfrey~ Change quotesA mind that has been stretchedwill never return to it's original dimension
you looked super hot on that stage, btw. c;
Alot of things are starting to feel weird now
you need to make ur way out here to see, Pastor Friend!
thanks buddy :-)
Oh, it keeps getting better. I'm just sad I'll probably have to wait 5 years for the next one.
DM I will be retiring for health reasons & would like to explore acquisition interest in a new category. Please reply if interested.
just watched your story and got tears in my eyes! Well done! Man, lots of great stories from #TheNightTeam tonight!
s/o tu my dawg follow her or get unfalliwed
Poverty wants some, luxury many, and avarice all things. Seneca
Is this guy the greatest Badger ever? (If not for... { "errorCode": 503, "errorMessage": "Service unavailable.", "statusCode": "ERROR" }
I look forward to rematch between you and You definitely won the first bout.
Michael Bay is ruining awesome things.
dance last night was a blast! wish you were there! but also— ouch.
My room is so clean! #LOLJK where's the floor?
Looks like a windy week ahead. Stay indoors at the arena! Open gym Friday night starting 7:30 plus leagues & lil kickers all week.
RT : Lakers expected to release statement in support of Mike Brown in light of ESPN NBA analyst Magic Johnson's statement.
I am about to attend my first sober pub crawl, aka, 100 different ways to drink soda water. Wish me luck!
Why on all of Morgan's ultrasounds she got her thumb in her mouth. Lol
Happy book launch day to , and MIRACLE BEACH. Congrats, babe.
Cause you can't, you won't, and you don't stop....MCA come and rock the Sure Shot" #beastieboys #ripmca this whole thing makes me sad.
now it's afternoon! Cheer up;)
bria tryna fight i see bet
I freaking love Austin Mahone.<3
Finally made a slideshare account. Now time to find some educational presentations!
love you guys #hooligans :DD
If you don't like Spongebob, we can't be friends k
i used to be a heats fan when shaq was on there but pple would call me a bandwagon. All because they are having a good season
Only 229 concert pictures. That's self control.
The PoMo MoFo offers his sympathies.
Counting the hours until the Final Four. Can't wait!
Oh and hellur! *waves*
I love you! Salmon Pesto pasta...m :)
Yay, I'm now the intern for the International Association for Feminist Economics!!
#Bees are in decline - not just #honeybees, but also native pollinators.
Chris!!!!! I'm in bed sick and the only way I'll get better is if you come make me tea!! :D
what can I say ... Oneword ": Amazing ! *
.: "Don't let a crisis drive your tempo."
I like physical activities when the point of it is to finish. #marathonorsex?
Im 21 with a kid
Thanks! And I wouldn't be so sure. I've been dealing with my grandparents the last few days lol
RT : Looking 2 design classes via
Chillin' tryin' to get this money
i love the school quotes. like...he isnt even in a public school lmao
Teens practice "intellectual loitering" in NYC arts institutions. Love it.
ooooweee! Look at them purty white laces!
OPEN to serve you today for our 18th Anniversary. Dbl Punch drink Caramel Apple cider.Bookstore SALE 10-30% OFF, Party tonight 7PM - MidN
Such a messed up day. But it's all cool now, my dad took me to Starbucks to get a pumpkin spice latte(: <3
How's the offseason workouts going
I am not easily impressed at all man. At all. Your music is the best.
Latavious Williams did that. Drafted by OKC RT : Can kids sign in d-league rather than go to NCAA?
Bill Clinton will always be our #President - u will always b our mayor
ROTC interview at IU at 10! Should be fun :)
Sometimes you just have to steal talent.
i promise<3
Good to meet another conservative in this industry, HAHA.
Thank you!!
Have to go speak French with a UTEP professor tomorrow so that I can get into French 2 class. So nervous.
omg psycho people
My P.E teacher is so lazy...he hasn't put in grades.
So is Beckett's golf handicap higher or lower than his ERA?
Follow me and ill follow you
Happy Birthday!!
I thought you were kidding ?! (: LOL
other 'facts') and it is now passed along. When I'm at my computer I'll send you the source link. My best.
I'm only happy when I'm naked.
Damn wrong. ; ] You got family down here or just coming down for the hell of coming to FL XD
Dear #idiots: if you're going to rob a bank, make sure the bank isn't the 1st floor of a DOJ building across from ATF
Handzz up. Suddenly, we all got our handzz up ;) dn_nb
Its two cold out for this.! Glad I brouqht pants lol
RT : Fusion will be in San Diego next year -- woo-who! I can't wait. I (clearly) love California! #D2L11 (via )
Job seekers: whichever email address you use to apply for a job is the email address you should check regularly. This should be obvious.
Cooler than a fan, flyer than a plane, gotcha chick panties wet yea she hotter than a blaze...
we will. Better come early if you want a seat! Joe
lol "It's a Jump to Conclusions mat. You see, you have this mat, w/ different conclusions written on it that you can jump to"
i just got on the bus now haha
whats going on w my team ? :'(
that is right scooter the knicks won there freakin justice in the world
Hey my awesome cousins ===> Have a wonderful "Happy Easter" :)
You used to hold me
So glad to hear! YAY Lola! :)
#97 | It's what they asked for...
Win on the Road!!!!
Aye Motivation..!!!
Can Bobby D let the protestors get their thought out? He asks a ? but doesn't let them finish speaking B4 he asks another ?
Texans worked out Jeff Garcia? I was wondering what happened to him. Good to see he's still alive.
For the record, Laura Zucconi is
Happy B-Day! (:
Great way to start a weekend, parking ticket 4 plugging the meter....
Oh, you're gonna go public wit it!!! RT : I'm so gonna bitch slap Like the bitch that he is.
Check out #GURT2011's discussion thread on Facebook for shared accommodations.
against in a battle today....
One of the quieter forms of university debt is the one where a graduate student has to get a job that includes a fee remission to continue.
i like caroline, but they need to add Rosie as a regular for sure, she's a hoot
Ramirez big hit, Gutsy squeeze call by skip & bullpen gets the job done! Sounds like a perfect way 4 Brewers to give Braun night off & win!
You really can't control who you fall in love with.
Time for a new strategy. The devil is a lie and I refuse to give up. I can do ALL THINGS thru Christ which strengthens me.
Of the aruging & fighting & sht it's gettin old
I'm thinking about joining the IKA
Great time at Adairs last night, thanks everyone for coming out. Special thanks to guest performers Kate Leary and
Ppl piss me the fuck off.
The path to success is to take massive, determined action. ~ Tony Robbins
That is so awesome! Congratulations.
It's a full time job tryin to b a rapper these day, I'm tellin u..nigga it's real criterias and guild lines to this shit
Discussion is over.
IM NOT IMPRESSED WITH WHAT I SEE.... OR HEAR.... CHANGE IS COMING!!!!!
follow back please :) x
The only depressing thing about this weekend is that I'm not at
Tonight: w/ Architects, , Headlines, & (Late In the Playoffs) at The Loft in Madison! Don't miss this one!
GOOD NEWS!!! I've recorded a bunch of episodes of Duck Dynasty
Laughed like crazy watching Colber report last night.Freaking out with swine flu reports in PR and making macedonia for a dinner party 2nite
hit me up if you do. I may want to go haha
watch out we got a badass over here (x
Last day to vote for us to play Edgefest! Thanks to everyone who voted daily. We should find out Monday if we are playing.
Please do, it will only make my evening. *eyes flashing wickedly*
on a lighter note, what an inning for our offense
I REALLY wish there was a Chick Fil A closer than Redondo Beach. Need several gallons of lemonade. Anybody have any ideas?
So. Whatcha doin'? Anything exciting happening? Oh, by the way #watercheck!
Amazing! Works been nothing but fun so far :D
yup! What u into?
#pdxevents First 9 customers today after 12:30 pm get #FREELUNCH !! All they have to do is mention this tweet.
RT My ny knicks are for real!!! Lin just gotta cut down on turnovers. But we are 4real.
One bad comment can fuck mood up so much
follow me back please! Great iCarly fan!#<U+E21C>
Addicted to twitter...
greedy motherfucka next time ima piss in some shit and let yu drink it wit ya fat ass.
5th Nicki Minaj is WACK #FACT! Now hop out my mentions B4 I embarrass you!
Want to know what #SalvationArmy is doing? is our pic for #FF . Kathy keeps a blog detailing the Best in the West(ern territory)
lol you stinker. Thanks for inviting us, we had a really good time.
The difference between gossip and news is the difference between the subjective and the objective.
Principles only matter if they are inconvenient -- Jeffrey Hazlett
awh thanks guys!
Kenya Michaels was my pick to come back; she'll be easy to get rid of again.
;-) sounds good!
That ain't yo nigga if he make u pay him bak money that he gave you
Anyone else suffer from withdrawals today?
What game are you going to today??
hey wats ur name? mines i david
Are you dealing with a crazy person? Rest assured... The crazy never stops!
greetings Russell! Hope you are well too. Happy snackin' new year!
Fucking Douche bag , go kiss another 12 year old ?
I am very sad, I cry.. tweet me :)
Scientist: What kids of science do you know about? Kid: (after various answers) When you test weird drugs on dogs and stuff. (Wahhh waaaaah)
Attending session "Gamify and socialize: Beyond the Buzzwords." Brad Stone interviewing Bing Gordon
M sushi!! Now back in bed... Watching the Game. Don't care who wins overall but if I had to pick, I'd go for the underdogs - Denver
Did all my tweeps see that the BCS National championship is in South Florida next yr... Can u say economy Boost and Partying of course see y
- And what did you decide?
We are shaped by our thoughts; we become what we think. When the mind is pure, joy follows like a shadow that never leaves. -Buddha
strong strong finish... Ohio State has some tough big men. Gonna be a battle.
New iconn(: it's me and at his concert in nyc! Such an amazing dayy<3
Just discovered Chromavision which can convert our archive Beta tapes from 1980 into modern discs. We captured American Glovemakers then.WOW
Good morning y'all....be Blessed today!
When you decide to trust Jesus, you do not analyze, you just obey Him.
The end of The Cabin in the Woods is a perfect illustration of my personal experience at Universal Studios Halloween Horror Night.
Some boy who hates me, complimented on my Vlado's
Having a hangover on a monday <
RT : Reminder! Our webinar, "Career Fitness: How to Build Lasting Success at Work," begins in 3 minutes!
All issues have been resolve if you have questions contact technical support at 1-855-848-5734
so thats why you dont pay attention in class....EVER...
I agree. Passion alone isn't enough.
Hey man I'll be in NY Oct. 11th - 17th. Are you going to be around?
Sad that D. Fish isn't a Laker anymore but I'm glad he still hits big shots!
Canelo and Blake Griffin got the same daddy
Sorry everyone in the elevator,I'm on a high protein diet...
so true! Learning starts with positive relationships!
The Thunder are shooting 59%! Nothing you can do about that. Lakers just gotta get ready for game 2. Or find that Space Jam juice.
Bored and can't fall asleep
Just realized post was 8 days ago. LOL Nice interview, anyway. Really need to keep up with this Twitter account better.
One of the greatest things in the world is when Domonique massages pink lotion in my hair. She has magic hands.
the cruel irony of this game -- it was the pitching and 3-4 spot that let us down. and of course, we wouldn't have been here without 'em...
if my kids happen to like a band ive seen i could just show them the ticket all boss-ly and shit
Baltimore Health Care Access is now Health Care Access Maryland- the launch party just ended. Ensuring everyone has access to health care.
International punk rock party tonight Peelaner-Z (Japan), Drop A Grand (BC), Radkey (st. Joe)!
Follow my older brother Billy and check out the music him and Kenny are working on :)
The Skeksis have sent out the Crystal Bats. I have been exposed. Now, I must elude the Garthim, who will attack unsuspectingly.
I love that shirt!!!
#HardestThingToDo to watch and not get hungry
I recommend The Host by Stephenie Meyer. Good audio book, tho a bit long in parts. Creative YA sci-fi plot. Different than Twilight series.
#imagine you and Harry are in a dark room and you can hear him whisper "tonight i'm loving you"
distribute digital information from one source to another source.
man i hope so!
Dear Landmark Guests, Does it look like I care about your urinary habits? I barely care about mine. Love Jose
phone off for the rest of the day...need to relax plus i really dnt feel like being bothered...
Are the Aj12 true to size?
I'm 2 Seconds from being cuffed ya'll Smh i ain't been cuffed in a while might be a lil rusty lol
I want a fur suit that looks like Jake when Finn is inside of him in "The silent king". This would be perfection.
yayy, now we can talk that good good :)
Carolina Has The WORSE Laugh
i cant change my setting on COD WAW. my brightness and sound wont stay where I put it Can you please look into it. Thanks.
AND NONE FOR NELSON CRUZ BYE
People fail forward to success. Ash, Mary Kay
based on your opponent I don't think you have much to worry about
haha! Awesome! tried to make them this week. She says it'll take a couple more tries. ;)
Any cool startups in Panama doing interesting things? Tell me more!
Outstanding! Thanks, everyone! We'll spread the word.
i thought the final was 15-14??
You can't spell "Schwarzenegger" without "google
Stollery heading off for hooking. 3rd PP for Hamilton in the game.
Thanks! When do I get to see your SEXXAYYYYY again Mr. Mysterious?
having to slide your car seat forward 10 notches because you weren't the last person to drive your car:
come back
which one!?
super into the cow!!! :-)
we love you so much we saw the disney comment in your profile BUHAHAH so tru
RT : I want the circle ones with the tongue!!! I'm half English lol << Ah you ARE! u KNOW where to find them =)
your welcome<3
Is there really an amazon prime syndrome? What's the diagnostic criteria?
Still haven't heard from my sister.
Just survived my 1st big earthquake and subsequent evacuation. It couldn't have gone better or more smoothly. Kudos
Yes I have two twitter accounts. But only one name on IMDB: KeithPearl
I have an extra ticket for Depeche Mode tonight at Madison Square Garden. Anyone interested? Sean
Please Follow me!! :C
SCHS football strikes first against E. Lousiville with only 3 minutes on the clock in Game 3 of the playoffs, 7-0.
yeah thought this year would be different but still the same.
So glad I moved to Oregon, and so ashamed of my home state tonight. History does not look kindly on bigots.
Hi - you should take a peak for a phone system - feel free to connect w/ happy customers &
thanks for the recommendation!
Recruiting for a Software Support Engineer w/experience supporting Computational Fluid Dynamics software.
#YouAintMyFriendIf your not there when I need you
I cant wait to hear them!!
Drink Booty Sweat baby!!!!!!
Thank you so much!
You poor pathetic soul.
hope you make it in time! I would have arrived before noon and took in festivities
yep! She's a cottontop tamarin named Lucy and she stole Talia's heart.
Last Thought For The Day: Don't ever apologize for your greatness. Be humble but don't hide your greatness. The world needs it.
looking ass nigga never
Productive day
Thanks! RT If you want great info #FF Much Respect to you all
Dm me girl
The Gymanimals now do birthday parties for kids! Book us at ! Yaaaay!
Vend Beats by dr Dre : 5€
I have oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. Come eat them.
All that comes to mind when thinking about my hometown are cobalts, cavaliers, and crappy tan jobs.
Stamford Bridge almost literally erupted just then. Nice goal, Chelsea. GET BACK IN IT BARCA.
See you at today, looking forward to watching the #whitesox game from the diamond suite too!
“: always cheers me up. Be safe in Dallas, buddy.” Be safe in El Salvador!
“: Life is easier when you arent complaining, worrying or stressing about bullshit.” words to live by yo
I've been drooling over the SIFF sked & have marked seven SIFF films on my calendar so far. I think next year I'll apply for creds
You guys at must have fascinating chapter meetings.
thank you for following me. Love your cause!
im nervous that if i start it im going to get addicted
I heard there is company out there requires the applicant to create a PowerPoint presentation on why they should hire you. What? Fuck off
Listening to and cleaning up da hale.
must have missed you this morning! What a gorgeous day today in San Diego.
At the Latino Memphis Candidate Debate to hear what candidates have to say about issues affecting the Hispanic community in Shelby County
HEY YOU'RE MY #TWITTERBFF <3 (:
We are all leaders.
I love that my predecessor here at work set the iMac to auto sleep at 5:10pm. :)
Hi. How r u this evening?
waaaaaahhhhhhh:( none of my friends can go with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> Omg I'm depressed
Don't forget to fall back! Sunday at 2am is the time to set you clock back an hour
enjoyed you so much union please follow back please no invitations no farmville lol! just follow pweeze
Well, I drove for a few hours, until the rain tried to drown and kill me. Then, dad took over.
no problem :)
God is always blowing my mind.
So as an O's fan I sayu this" y not enjoy this while its here? Sure they r gonna shit th bed later but enjoy this now!!"
Our commercial starts airing tomorrow on 840 AM CBS Radio! Woo Hoo www.lasvegashcg.com
bestfriend I am so depressed it ain't funny
Tonight is the invited dress for the workshops! I'm so ready to show off 7 weeks of work with all my cast and staff. #UTworkshops in Logan!
Great hashtag use. Hope that Cream Ale primed you for a great night!
Oooober excited for and her big marathon day in China!
Happy Hour from 5:30-7:00PM! Also: a lovely albacore with fennel, bunching onions, tonnato, olivada + sieved egg on the dinner menu
be careful Imani he might stab you.
Goodnight !! Sleep Tight!
it's so true. Mom just saw him and she said. No because I already have chance.:(((
I miss you too best friend/cousin
About to go get a drink of water and chill.
Leadership Lessons frm Real Execs: A lot of stress comes from trying to control things you can't control.
Been a long busy past 2 days. Winding down with #Tabitha before bed. Looking forward to regenerating with a day off tomorrow!
Chuck Norris can pick himself up!!
Basecamp is good. Bugzilla, Unfuddle and Rally are also worth a look...tux for your follow.
Carley Rae Jepsen got to me before you did!
Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Scavenger Hunt Party Game. Enjoyable Parties Guaranteed With Downloadable Ebook(r) Packed Full Of
First day of BarCamp was great, afterparty is rocking', come by and join us or come tomorrow for more great sessions & networking!
Another tough dish/book combination to figure is the selection by Chef Miguel Valdez (Red Door) who has chosen "The Odyssey."
Love it when Austin companies & organization do a CIS room makeover. You all are amazing! Thank you!
Actually, Roosevelt did make peace Overtures to Hitler prior to the War! Good for America G is not Pres!
RT“: If you're loyal to me, I'm sure to return the favor.”
happy mothers day Mama, hope you get spoiled rotten <3
you whores! the lot of ya!
The student teacher in Spanish is so weird. She probably has no friends.
That's deep
Lol never knew you could taste it ;) RT : your voice...yum.
I will not stress today. I will not stress today.
are you watching! Wtf is that guys deal???!!!!!!
Finished a book last night and scanned my shelves for a new one. Chose Dreamsleeves by Coleen Paratore.
haha noone can talk in movies. Its not okay.
She is gorgeous though so I don't blame them!please retweet
I think you could sum #green moving up by focusing on planning and prep. Allows you to make efficient decisions
Geeky things are the best!
Kenny Love's Jazz is now at the upcoming 54th GRAMMY Awards in eight nomination categories.
"Can you smell our deodorant when we put our arms up like this?"
in a way! But it do sucks. Hahaa
Great job, you definitely should still be on show. I enjoyed your presence.
I'm doing good hbu? Haven't talked to you in a while!
It never ends
This lab report is NEVER ending
I'd almost be happy to get Walker in the guv's mansion and out of our hair. I never thought I'd say that.
Happy to be reuniting with a long lost pal tonight!
Happy #InternationalWomensDay It's a day celebrating the economic, political & social achievements of #women past, present & future.
Now that the game's over and I've had a chance to calm down, I'd just like to say that Sabres fans are the worst human beings on the planet.
Ack! I clearly didn't do my homework before responding to that. Cheers!
Rolled into work with "Trampoline Safety Instructions" taped all over my desk.. well played!.
Finials! Very pretty!
Good morn about to hit the barbershop up time to look pretty!!!!
Fun night :)
good morning! Thx for the salon suggestions! I will check them out. Hv a great weekend!
any john lennon fans out there?
RT : Happy Friday!
I just LOLed for the first time today. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
RT "Assembly subcommittee just rejected Gov. Brown's proposed cuts to CalGrants. Full story on "
300 followers today! we :) thanks for the support my peoples. dont forget to use the code "twitfollow" for 10 whole bucks off your order!
Received the perfect card from a soon to be graduate. It's a pretty cool circular dynamic to have.
Fixing my makeup and hair then packing a bag and changing and gonna have sexy time with ~
Hi guys, what did your wives think of your gaming hobby and collection when you began dating?
Bitch.. We took the nite!
manee, put that other GOOD ass picture that we finnaly took a good one lol
hope they are good and worn out!
Check out guitar virtuoso with new cd mixed by Firehouse lead singer.
Daily Dose of Goodness: He who laughs last...didn't get it.
everytime I'm tagging something in dashboard when I hit enter instead of , it completes the whole post. Really frustrating.
Sounds like it but I think I've been there a couple times myself!!
I got straight A's
I was just plotting grilled steak dinner plans. M...
Construction worker dies in Fairmount accident
Haha RT : So how many "girlfriends" has had in the past 3 weeks? like 6
scary cause of all the sex that's gonna go on...
#gcyale : We say we want internet freedom in USA and no one can stop laughing.
Y'all get a chance check the talk about Google Glasses and tell me what y'all think..
stop actin like you single or u will be
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 92
Tomorrow I have an ARD meeting with my son's new teachers. Yea!!!
What happened to the witch with an upside down nose? Every time she sneezed her hat blew off.
I can't express..... Whitney Houston. Thank you for THE VOICE and all you gave us.
And...there it is. Welcome back, rage. I didn't realize how much I missed you. Let's get to work. The best revenge is massive success.
#ThingsNotToDoDuringAFuneral Yell out "Oh he was fine yesterday, wtf happen?
The reality of being a Philadelphia sports fan is sinking back in
It was alright, it helped a little. Problem is, I don't want to have to use a mask more than 1 or 2x a week :/
Spend $35 on your club card at any SW Washington or Portland and receive coupon for 2 daily tickets for the #LPGA Safeway Classic!
Why do people like the end seats than the middle seats?? I don't get it, they're all seats...People can be dumb!
Is looking forwars to a night out with x
Los Angeles Autism Walk = 31,000 walkers! Over 1.6 million dollars raised! Hot but a very inspiring day! Autism awareness ruled today!
All children deserve a mother/father, but not all mother/fathers deserve a child
Samual Rutherford~ Live on Christs love while ye are here and all the way.
I got to ride on Kate's scooter home! So much fun, plus I miss Taiwan.
Thanks babe xx
If God wanted us to bend over he'd put diamonds on the floor
RT : It truly was one of the best ever! Miss you! XO miss you too!
I love girls that read!
We have an iPhone charger cable upstairs near the FireSign screen
How do you get a sweet little 80-year-old lady to say the F word? Get another sweet little 80-year-old lady to yell *BINGO*!
awe, thank you :)
boyfriend is pretty crazy! Good crazy meaning so different than anything else i like it its cool!
sounds good!
If you list it for free on , let us know and we'll get the word out for you!
Praire Thunder has them sometimes.
": let's get up and watch the game tomorrow somewhere!!!!"RT: I got my lil man Bruh. We do need to link up tho!
I'm jelly!! Wish I was with you!!
Happy Father's Day everyone!
wait, i thought this was your job. youre not a consultant dustyn your it.
Your Healthy Thanksgiving Survival Guide
Just finished my portion of the Mothers Day letter, I even got emotional ...Watch my Brother be like 'ily Mom, Happy Mothers Day'
You never understood me because you never took the time to get to know me!
Every red GeboMana T-shirt is hand-dyed. In a big vat. And dried naturally in the sun. Gives u the perfect lux colors we’re famous for.
putting finishing touches on a killer new video for client. love how videos can create look/feel of a company!
Spending this sunny day inside doing laundry how exciting...
two Siblings my older brother John & my little brother Cristian.
I just passed OctoMom on 48th-- that woman needs some serious sleep
Special Friday shoutout to my
Imam try and stay home today
Our Artists will be waiting! RT: bringing lots of extra cash to and spending it all at
. is following me!
You've inspired us to look in to building our own Facebook app...good RSS options/examples = 0.
I want to kiss Luly.
Hoping is having fun at the football game & is having fun at cotillion
If i dont meet this year, I don't know what I'm gonna do with myself.
Is there ever a right time to make a change?
sponsor a brother with one of those and I will tell my ten highly influential followers about you
When you were born, you cried and the world rejoiced. Live your life so that when you die, the world cries and you rejoice. -Indian Proverb
I don't believe in anything
Chicago Tommorow To See My Wela From PR And My Baby Seth For The First Time EVER!(: Good Start Off For Summer
I just checked in at Charleston, WV using the Amtrak mobile application
I so misread that shit lol .
OMG YES!
hmm my text-align is not doing what it's supposed to...any suggestions?
No Fucking way they really just won this game
It should be part of deal...they can only attend Venture Beat's Mobile Summit if Shoe gets to drive the SLS.
how was it ?
These musty muthafuckers at the gym. Damn man. Kitty litter smelling dudes.
I wanna go to a foam party
its funny how my best friend can be thousands of miles away.... i cant wait to see this fool. we gonna have a bawl!!
And one!!!
say hi and follow s[p]ecial shoutout :) she's such a music and dreams supporter !!!
bikram yoga = what doesn't kill you makes the beer (and jameson) taste colder...
Congrats to for their NO.1 song in the country Love Bites!!!! Many more to come!! :D
listing to pandora right now also
Starting the day off at The Skanner MLK Jr. celebration. Joined by president Larry Miller and hundreds of others.
Max Siegel says conversations w/ Indy officials including Indiana Sports Corp have started to bring big-time track & field events here.
Architects! See your tailor, quick! RT : “Fashion is architecture. It is a matter of proportions.” Coco Chanel
I'm here if you need me and if you ever need anywhere to be at I'm here my parents understand I'm here if you need anything
#tcot SuperCommittee FAIL proves Obama knows what he's doing ... open tonight was excellent perspective.
Great job tonight..You Rocked Sevilla LB
I am Swag
The Best Connected Tattoos Another way to show how you feel about someone special
Ha, ha this real estate agent's Malapropisms make me laugh: "living room/dining area is hardwood floor." "Close to shopping mole"
Hey did you call my phone?
Opening day is Thursday any plans to come back to the CLE?
i love this Song :)
Riding mtn bikes around W Sea today. 250 garage sales to choose from. I would say our carbon footprint is neutral.
HEY :D haha
You know you deserve someone better when the one you've always fought for is also the one you've always cried for.
yest it does!!!
If you're in LA, follow and try ... Amazing gourmet burgers, bro.
Adds a wonderful scent too I'm sure
'Hangabout' Suet Feeder available in 2-pack & pre-filled with Attractor Roasted Peanut Suet. Good stuff. Get it at woodpecker-feeder.com
Clint Dempsey scores goals for fun. The man is on fire. 2 goals today already. Wow. I believe Clint, I believe.
lol I actually think you would love some of the places/parties I go to
be my freind in youtube im cupcake6ist
Yum! Looks like you had a great Sunday with us. What was your favorite brew?
I h8 cramps <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
A distinction without a difference: in TX schools ARE a place kids go for unending testing.
Thinking doesn't always help you change your perspective. You may want to try low-risk experiments. Change behavior, change your lens..
That's the rumor. I'm starting to think they have Isiah Thomas running their network.
We're shooting some video tonight so be on the lookout!
touche...now imagine The Choco Burrito
<U+0095> Experience logging bugs, and writing/following test plans and test cases
If you are doing anything with #bigdata you should be at MarkLogic World!
#irallstars Ramirez: Outreach takes patience. Start w/ library lovers, write letters. Billings: Find faculty early while they have preprints
yes I would. You are very talented and handsome to boot. Gosh why the good looking ones so far away?
Slammed.my finger in my locker today..didnt feel to well.
You're right! I just tried to direct message someone but it wouldn't let me because they're not following me..pffft! Whatever..
I'm so there!! Maybe I'll finally go see Cyrus? RT : I declare this 'Leave Work Early Day'!!! Who's with me?
Horton and Gregory Campbell to the bruins for dennis wideman, 15th overall pick and a 3rd round pick in 2011.
I slammed all in yo girl pussy...blake griffin
Old phone refuses to port numbers. Text me? Include your name too.
4 of the 5 original designers of the Macintosh computer were left-handed.
Start a tab w Kenichi to cut your parking tab - valet on Colo St and make purchase to cut valet tab from $8 to $3 - what a deal!
"we're taking about Milwaukee in Australia... the Netherlands... New York..." -D. Glassman on H2O innovation
yeah, i just tweeted it, then saw your twitter link on your site.
Meet with recruiters from and more at the #NABEFCareerFair April 18
that note to toth fairie is a keeper!
Thanks, Ashe :-) And, Happy Birthday to , too!
I know Mikey hasn't got on in like days! But I don't talk to him that much!
hey boo, what classes do you have??
I'm from New Orleans. That's why I'm so mad.
I've already left the house! You can try and use try car charger though
From the bottom of my pure beef heart, it was delicious.
Every second you spend angry or upset, is a second of happiness you can never get back.
News friends here in Portland are saying they have allergies? I honestly thought only Dayton, Ohio had allergens?
I swear it aint enough hours in the day
An old lady wearing hollister....
OMG, I was just typing #WeetzieBat! Read Pink Smog this weekend.
only 6 weeks til I am in Hawaii!!!
I talk soft but this drink do blow loud
Uh HEY YOU! i #Followback !!! Heehee '
Major League is one of my faves. Long live Jobu.
We need Andre's 3 to be on today. Maybe you can let him know. I'm sure that will help.
I'm not sure that I knew what it meant to be nonstop busy on a daily basis until my current job... They weren't lying in my interview!
#hard work no play
Do or die for the Lakers tonight, if they lose it will definitely be end of an era
Well, if you can't visit Domino Sugar, the least you can do is click on that link ... c'mon now. :) Good luck in your new job.
Look for your Call for Entries Posters in the mail! Find your "&" and get crackin! designmatters.org
Follow me on instagram >>>
Professional sports would be so much better without the NBA...
Topic: Obesity and the gay community - a secret horror in the gay world. Mock them, love them, shun them, accept them?
Happy Labor Day San Diego!
Morning y'all
Man, I don't see how people these days could be pulling strings like this. We aren't puppets
I miss my baby But shes slumped :/
#GoodMorningWorld ! Time to go GET IT !!
Wow the service at Sprint does suck
I'm occuped UNTIL 1, but then I'll be in a car from 5pm to midnight. Kyle, Jason, any thoughts on the doc?
why don't you get an education
No better time to play Dead Space than when running on sleep deprivation.
haha! WHAT. that's funny! 0_0 but odd. When I like a teacher, I give them a break. When I don't; I give them hell. <U+263A> Lol
There had better be a cymbal crash for RT : Working on the theme song right now.
This isn't fun
And Spurs are stable? Haha
After giving Osi Umenyiora's agent two days to find trade opportunity, Giants pull plug, will not trade
Lovely images Almost reads like Haiku.
every Jaws movie in random order.
Do u want too trade?RT : I hate my life.
Love the way Damien Sandow holds that mic. Somewhere The Genius is happy.
#dataPSA : folks, a spreadsheet isn't a desktop, if you spray junk all over during your last minute work, clean it up before you pass it on
thanks for the follow back! I look forward to checking out and trying your tips!
I rather NOT fuck wit u , then to fuck wit you & be stressed da fuck out!!
show tonight in norwalk Ohio at the American legion we go on at 10 Come hang out
Are y'all ready for the chance to win a pair of Super Fan passes to Pensacola Beach?
oh my Rommel, how hipster of you.
The young ladies taught me a new word yesterday. It is called Twatching. This is when you watch over people's tweets. Being really nosey!!
Wednesday, around noon? I'm bringing my best friend Hanna.
Nerves officially set in. #CLEmarathon in 3 days!!!
Hanging out with my dad is so much fun.
Thanks for the re-tweet!
I'll pretend I didn't read that because I have such a girl crush on her! hah
I love this beat
Spotted at Metro Center: John Podesta, running to catch the red line. What a regular dude.
ight! i will do so!!
: Movie of the Week is Gasland , directed by Josh Fox amazing right?
LMFAO IM BEHIND AH TRUCK THT SAYS HARPO FENCING.
Do you really wakeboard at 90ft and going 29mph?
Flood damage from all the recent rains ? We'll put your home back together in no time.Drywall repairs,paintng and more. www.mrdspainting.com
some people love it -- just not me.
hi Joey. How are you old friend?
We saw the agenda, and the speakers. It should be a great conference!
ahahahaha! yeah we do need to go shopping...what mall do u like to go to?? lol <3
#Cuse don't hang your head! You showed a ton of gull to overcome the adversity of the season! You get a Standing Ovation!! #Cuse til death!
Let's go Heat! Get it done. No injuries.
The elephant is the national animal of Thailand
Will you follow me so I can reply?
Man what a fun night at Sambuca360! We look forward to playing there again real soon!
Rihanna, Terry Richardson Photo Shoot: Singer Flaunts Butt in Short Shorts
Finished off the codin for some out of scope polish to try and make the client happy. Dev always has to take partial blame for scope creep.
Ok so now we have to play against the officials too?
"It's not the great challenges that cause successful leaders to fall; it is the ignoring of the small things." Erwin McNanus
do you know what city?
Despite popular belief.. I hold back on Tweeting 80% of my thoughts...
"GET YOUR FINGERS OFF THE EMULSIONS. STOP TOUCHING THE PHOTOGRAPHS." Nerdy archivist dreams.
Is it 5 yet? I need
Blow Out T-Shirt SALE. www.bleachercreaturesusa.com
Wahooooo! So excited to see you all!
I'm so pastey white. Can't wait to blind everyone with my skin this summer.
jaden got cute wow
For our newbies. Come join us for our Newbie Yogi Workshop with Anne Sat. 3/10 - 3-5:30pm.
everyone wants somthing from you
First day of school for ALL The dollz , went Great . So blessed <3
I smell a worm, Reince, and it ain't of the female persuasion.
Phase 3 starts tomorrow!!! ;)
safe to say that Spurs are gonna go 3-0
this makes me want to say bad words.
My prayers have been answered! Roger Goodell is suspending the #ProBowl! Wait? Suspending? So it could come back?
-- EWWWWW! Thank God I don't eat Lobsters
follow it's just one button to press :)
Would it be okay if I took your breath away?
I like that Granger stood up to Lebron after the headband incident. Get in his head through his hair (or lackthereof).
Drafting Courtney Upshaw is that much bigger, the Defense will be fine esp w/ a healthy Haloti & the young guys on the d-line getting better
hmm not sure. bartender said he wasn't doing $10 lunch special or those sandies. i went w/in lunch hrs 1:30ish? i'll try again
That must've been cool! RT : At Luncheon w/ Andrew Millar Her Majesty's Consul General
Good luck today !! I'm proud to call you a friend!
Tonight! on stage !!!
While I was silent, meaning there is I want you to start a word was said.
thx for doing so much work so us... ur fans can enjoy ur concers, cds, and so on THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!! i love what u do and u
In 1 hour, it's Blackhawks v. Red Wings. $5 22oz bud/bud light drafts, $16 domestic buckets and $5 effen black cherry cocktails!
Apple is defining the performance/capacity of flash Johnathon Violin Memory
hii! How are you??(:
You get to spend your work hours playing games, something illicit where other desk jobs are concerned
We see tomorrow :)
#vampirediaries now don't g killing the originals!
Thinking about going to Titanic 3D by myself tonight but not going to tell anyone because that would be embarrassing
already loaded (~);}
too much fun tonight!
ha. Read all tweets before asking...
RT : Microsoft has bid $5 Billion for Skype...Obviously nobody told them they can download it for free from the website.
fans like you are the reason we play thanks so much and spread the word! You rock
are you aware that there is a google office with one of yr comics hanging in the womens' restroom? if not, then
oh and I love how that was your first tweet ! :3
Making money is easy, just create massive value for others lives.
Yikes! Talk about an actor being UNprofessional!
Good morn every1! Think i got my acct st8ned out now. Sorry if u got any DMs from me or unfollows. I was hacked. Its been a mess but
Q4: Why don't indie publishers commission artists more often for their covers?
How are you!
They can fire everything they've got. And when you think I'm sunk I will float on and on.
can I switch to an electric company that knows what they're doing? Or do you have a monopoly like most companies?
AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE IS MY FREAKING IDOL <3 ... NUFF SAID!! :D
rose is the team but if we had deng we could survive a till he comes back i would make the bet with you if we had deng
I'm looking for metal. Anything on or ?
We are recommending people form groups on Sat morning, pop-ins are always welcome too #DoGoodersUnite! ;-)
Write down your daily workouts (how much you run/lift etc.)& you can literally see your progress on the page-often before it shows.
Wonder if Kershaw or someone gets plunked tonight after that whole Parra incident last year.
love the man in the arena speech, delivered over 100 yrs ago, truly great individuals recognize the power in failure
I'm feeling a little better. Man, that was a long illness. Almost coughed up a lung.
Im going to sell mine to ab beverage and Miller
Learning when to let go and when to move on is one of the hardest things we will have to learn sad thing is we all have to learn it sometime
Shopping, massage, dinner, flight home - yes!
Thank you for the retweet!
What #element should I do for my #AtomicProject?? I'm thinking #Neon, #Chlorine, #Krypton or
Y is this chick walking down the sidewalk w/no shoes on!!!! Lol
Hey friends, check out and support indie film!
Back to the Essences!
Laughter is the best medicine. Unless you are really sick. Then you should call 911.
I just want everything to be okay
hell yeah ..
I'm thinking should I go out and chill or should I stay in and rest my bones
A friend reports that the formatting in my ebook is problematic, lines running together, words missing. I've tested though.
Central Air is a lovely thing.
Get rid of those #tootoo whistles!! I love the guy but come on!
That'd be off the chain
Nothing to do tonight? It's Free Thursday at ! open 10am-8pm
RT : "Prejudice, which sees what it pleases, cannot see what is plain." Aubrey T. de Vere
Anyone who DIDN'T buy a lotto ticket today?
no it doesn't. raise in tuition is quite irrelevant to my analysis.
can i please be your FOTM i'd be the happiest girl in the world <3
I'll stalk, you pounce.
Another day comes to a close, time to head to my pool and enjoy the rest of the evening
Its going to be a great NFL Combine this year!
Let me be your one and only; or your only one. Either way is fine. <U+2665>
RT : Once you accept who you are, you become a better person
The #Packers can't help but let every team have a chance to win come the 4th
A sad day. 3:00 2/14 My 12 year old Cuchuhah, Reuben passed away. I hope he's running happily in Doggie Heaven right now. He will be missed.
War with robots is like sex with robots.
let's just say halftime came at a good point for me ;)
Injustice may be eliminated, but human differences and natural limits cannot be eliminated.
I like to pull her hair while she bent over wit one leg up on da table ( ;
This Saturday 1145 Seymour Swan and company New York's top comics rock nyc 9172747467 or 2126965233 also 2dpecial guests in town!!!
Actually, Blue Dust will have some for a pairing event during Beer Week next Friday night, 4/27.
So good to connect with you all and see your awesome maker space. Thanks for having me visit last week
thanks so much for being a customer! enjoy and have a GREAT day!
I like long walks, especially when they are taken by people who annoy me.
Hiya - I'm sorry, the online store doesn't do orders outside of the US yet. Where are you located?
Social media is the best method to mobilize a cause such as STOP SOPA and Kony 2012 #140 cuse
Sorry for the delay!There should be a box where you can enter the code- I believe on the second page, before you confirm order
Plus, he's hot.
Make a shoutout to me!
It's a hard knocks life for you.
I could not, at any age, be content to take my placeby the fireside and simply look on
thanks for the re-tweet. Gloria's in downey, has some great food.
Traveling Circle is performing live at Lit Lounge this Friday with Weird Owl and Brooklyn Raga Association www.myspace.com/travelingcircle
Boring day tomorrow will be better tho
I loved the video - thank you!! It was good seeing you and sweet Elaina. And we have a TON left if you want more!
This little girl was staring at me, so i darted her.
well if we can't get it altered, I think that's what I'm going to have to do! Haha oh well, at least I'd enjoy it
Thanks for the follow. Looking forward to reading your work.
I HAVE TWITTER. I just followed you omg...good stuff yo
History on #Lakers side tonight
I like the move by the Big 12 bringing in !
gotta say, I'm pretty unimpressed on the whole. I sorta like Michael. Could do without the rest of them.
IF ANYONE THINKS AUSTIN IS GAY GET THE FUCK OFF HIS USTREAM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Finishing touches getting ready for #ICNY - see you there!
podium, best young rider and best team... great job in the desert hope things finish well at algarve, too.
I'd vote for Clint Eastwood anytime.
Thanks for the kind words! RT : <3 your tees!
I love my best friend Darko(efren) weve been together though everythin.
My friends were keeping two chickens in back of their house and a fox ate them. I thought of you...
That's a good way to get alcohol into the Charger game.
#soundsdirty RT : Perry "hasn't gotten his gun out of the holster" says Axe. Oy.
Yum late night blueberry sake yummy
how do I do the blackberry thing??
Time to get over my once a winter nasty cold! Z snore Z snore Z sneeze
Watching Doug on Teennick the 90's Rocked. :-):-)
I have to wait for the later showing of I'm driving home now in the bloody rain.
PS sorry I missed the meltdown - had my own little pre-preso jitters meltdown and needed to be in meditative mode! ;)
Loving this weather =]
compassion pleases everyone
Or, just meanies. :(
how are you, dear friend? We are so ridiculously overdue for catching up!
John Elway is the one running the show there anyway.
Listening to kristan stanfill this morning great way to start the day <U+2600><U+2764>
Being single isn't easy. I mean, we do have to be careful.. We might flirt too much, haha.(:
I'm like never in school anymore..
anyone have a santa costume or know of a place to rent one?
": LOL....not yet"<=lol aw ok...dont forget about me!
Hit Me!!
When asked if he's getting treatment on Achilles, Felton said he doesn't get treatment & he doesn't go in training rooms.
If you never hear from me again, run for the hills. Beware SkyNet.
"God did not create universe" - Stephen Hawking "Neither did you, Stephen" - God
Shoutout To Rut Hockey New Followers - thank you!
major help need confert :| im leaveing my friends for the summer
“: Putting a pretty shirt over your muffin top doesn't make you a cupcake.”
The point is this leadership stuff is vastly overrated when you're preaching to the choir and not winning players or cant play
Empty email inbox. Do you know how good that feels? Don't anyone send an email unless it's really important!
#epicmusic she will by lil Wayne feat drake
whats going on family..what have we been missing if anything?
awesome article! Thanks for sharing.
There: another 10-hr day. Geronimo. Reminds me of iggli days. Good times.
besides my main go-to NOPE
I want Craig Ferguson to be at the dinner, too! There are several authors I'd like to eat with! Ok, I'll stop. This game could be unending.
Street bike ride tonight... I think so!!!
Same here!
We're researching ways to convert swimming pools to attractive and functional and natural, habitat ponds... cheaper than removing one!
Eddie Izzard on KTLA5. Man, I love him.
When I'm looking for high quality family-friendly apps, I go straight to - such a gr8 resource!
Pumped for paintball...but also a little nervous...
Pretty much.
up-do is Up at the blog;-)
Today decent lost a lil piiece of me but its regrowable <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
mee to constantly looking up new concerts
Be careful in this area during response to the scene
Other times I wish I lived in New York City.
Anyone have a DJ in Charlottesville they'd recommend for a wedding? Pls email me at . Thanks.
As a wise man said "Aim for the mountains so that when you miss the stars, you can always sell off the wreckage." Hello, retail applications
hey i live in nebraska
713-699-4472 Hoh Houston and they have a full size run. They do phone orders but you must pay with a footlocker or hoh gift card.
That awkward moment when someone is watching you eat
#FF BEASTLY dancers from the BAY AREA
Yay! After a good day of cleaning, this little girl is ready for some good sleep
heard you guys would be in tampa tommorrow! Stop by naples florida only 2 hours south!:)
hello there, just curious...do i know you? like outside of twitter? cause your only following me and one other person...
ALGAR - A Luscious Gherkin Absorbed Rectally
and who is ACTUALLY going to break them up? The prez? Congress? They will hand over more $$ in the guise of a "new program"
I'm pro bread and I vote.
Happy birthday to Mr. Ron Burgundy!! :)
Wish I were there. Hello friends! RT Awesome tweeps hanging out under Enterprise! With
Really amazing what apps can do. I just deposited a check by taking a picture of it!!!
Can't make it to Tech Tools this Tuesday 3.27? Well, keep an eye out for #MusEdTech as members (and I) live tweet the event!
#SB46 visitors, it's a beautiful day to check out #46for46 murals, walk up to TURF and visit our fabulous museums: www.indyarts.org
Yes 20 years in sw Florida now tho. Grew up by Belmont and Kenmore and lived in Antioch and chain of lakes area
great quote!
your eyes tho.
thank you!!
T Mac know dam well he can't shoot that fadeaway after playing all these minutes
What I want in my life is compassion, a flow between myself & others based on a mutual giving from the heart. ~Rosenberg, NVC
Way too hot at the fair today!
It was a lot of fun working with you on Friday!
Breaking news: Vince Carter is an inefficient scorer.
Happy birthday Hannah !!!!:)
Can you do me and my friend a HUGE favor?? Can you say that ICONic Boyz loves Julia Ruiz and Jamie Yoo! Or you can say ...
You hear that, ? RT : #Cancer females prefer masculine men.
Every time I wanna smile I just re-read old text msgs :)
that&#39;s a lot of snake oil...
These bitches distract me, getting no work done today <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
RT To the world you may be just one person, but to one person you may be the world...
Incredibly important thing for social -- Focus on the value it delivers to your business not just the number of likes!
oh hey, I never tweet... so tweet!!
DANK, FRESH, STICKY, FROSTY, HEAVY INDICA JUST IN, Going Fast: Northern Lights & San Fernando Valley OG! Hurry, this FIRE won't last long!
Thank you Steven! Cheers!!
well its time to move to ohio i wish i could become famous out of a flash of light dam!!!
FBCD NEEDS ASK SLAPS!!! Get it before the major run back to .13+
Helping with #studentloans is good 'an all, but I'd rather have a job. If my investment is generating no revenue what good is lower interest
LOL! Teen says he looks like a TRex waving his arms around. I try to be a good role model, but his comments make me laugh!
8 more to go
Yea! Go RT : 12th award at #Epicon: Besy Fantasy Romance - Bound: A Fairy Story by Sophie Oak
I have a scratch on my neck and it kinda looks like a hickey -_-
My thrifting workshop/field trip attracted some of the nicest ladies! Too bad the merch @ the second-hand store seemed a tad picked over.
I hate you :(
And Herman Cain has left the building. Thank you and goodnight
At the crib and ain shit to do bt eat and tweet
Thank u So Much Sonia! RT I like your music & u guys are amazing! Keep up the work! #excited 2 hear new music
i hate sharing things
Headed to the Olde Towne Tavern in Buckhead to rock some tunes. Come out and join me #Atlanta! #MusicNight :o)
We hope everyone's having a beautiful Sunday!!
I've seen Princess Bride so many times it's hard not to quote all of the lines when I watch it. The book is good too!
Watching punk'd :D
Nothing hurts more than going to bed with sad memories in your head
Go Sessions! Go Blake!
RT : If u have no job and u need money help someone else make money.
I can't believe it took this long for Friday to finally get here. Man this has been a tough week!
You dk my pain not the pain I feel I refuse to live life like I cant get nigga I lost to much my soul black I came to far u cant hold me ...
Love the inclusion in this, thanks!
yea I saw him play..
Night y'all! Until the next episode ;)
Woopsies! Happy birthday B-fizzle! Did anyone take YOUR car keys? hahahahaha! Have a great year!
#awesome. getting undressed now.
Research Tool also available in GAFE This is good news! !
Afternoon hockey looks to click. Both way on pace sitting on their winning goals :) Over 5.5
Irish only wear kilts if they're pandering to Americans who don't know the difference between Ireland and Scotland.
Somedays, you're wrong. Somedays, she's right.
Is there such thing as being too alike?
And one more big THANK YOU to , where we mastered most of this new catalog!!
Car broke down OMG
oh that will be so pretty! Idk- def some kind of bang... Not sure if I'll go as far as what I had before. Decisions decisions.
sure you do :p
Shout out to New Jersey Mayor Cory Booker for saving a womans' life in a burning building
More by Tyrone Wells is my jam for today.
wish I could come and see you :( I live in Canada :/ follow me to maker feel better ? :') <3
thank you for the kind words! a great country with tons of great citizens :)
Special #ff <--Knows just what to say to make you laugh and to make your day! :-)
New topic - E3 wins challenge.
LOOK AT MY ICON :D
that awesome i took piano lessons for years. i taught myself how to play guitar.its pretty easy if u can play an instrument
C'mon. Research doesn't always lead immediately to insight. The quantification and data gathering are not sufficient, but ARE necc
I love Great coverage of Baltimore arts right now.
If you don't know who The Master is, he's my boyfriend. Known as the Canon EOS 550D.
CONGRATS! RT : Broke $10,000! Biggest accomplishment of the whole effort. Thank you all so much.
Was it weaving a web that said "CLEAN THIS OUT"?
That being said, don't be shy, leave me comments!
Poll: 35% of women have been in a relationship where they were the “cougar” - surprised?
“: Both LA teams going to game 7 !!” BULLSHIT!
How much you want to bet that Arsenio Hall gets a new show on that new Magic Johnson Network " ASPIRE" on Comcast..... Taking all bets lol
The pitchfork hath returned
Karen, did you receive yr email invite for today's conference? I haven't received mine yet.
what do you mean ft & nd? I can't break it down!
will keep that in mind!
playing halo obv
- If you want a second term for Obama & to control congress, make the Repubs filibuster for real - on display - for all 2 see
I got my $11 ticket to Austra just the other day. We should go. At the Echo! Whee!
Billy Cundiff with be the death of us!
I'm hungry as shit
Goin to the gym!
Just saw the lyrics of Elvis Costello's great song "clubland" and realized it's about 80% a different song than I thought it was.
RT : Brian Billick has an NFL network special on "How to draft a QB"? Can't wait for Matt Millen's special: "How to draft a WR"
In the barber shop... this man just farted!!! And had the nerve to look around to see if anyone knew it was him#iknowwhathehadforbreakfast!
Book Review: Metabolic Surge: How To Build Muscle and Lose Fat Fast by Nick ... - Seattle Post Intelligencer (blog)
I am so excited :)
This sinus headache is screaming for something really spicy for dinner
that was like that random loud slander a nigga would get hit wit in high school
LMAO..I know I thought about that after I sent the tweet...oops
Aren't they the best?
Thanks Cindy :)
So many of us have forgotten that the very act of waking up is sacred
Good to meet you yesterday and see the new location in LBC. Cant wait for the grand opening!
There is love for your women--True Love. Love for your family--Blood. And EVERYTHING ELSE is about money!
Rangers or Cardinals in the World Series tonight?
And hes a roll tide fan!! What?!
My future looks so fucking bright right now !
Think it's time to eat. My stomach talking way too loud right now!
Score after today's outing: Mills 2 - Driver 1.
hey lady! Yes, can't wait for next party! :)
Good Friday. A time of reflection for Christians. Still just as powerful now that I am a Protestant & no longer Roman Catholic.
#replacebandnameswithpancakes The Black Eyed Pancakes XD
oh sorry everything will work out you just gotta think positive
LETS START A TWITTER RAMPAGE ON SINCE HE IS BEIN MEAN AND NOT REPLYIN ALL THO I DO STILL LOVE HIM :)
Walking home last night i saw a girl stuff her tiny dog betwixt her cleavage and seemed very pleased with herself, thanks wriggleyville.
LOL me and you both roh fucked up this time
Good morning, ! Do you stand with Planned Parenthood? #standwithPP?
that is a fantastic house!
Ater I win the 640 million tonight, it'll be my treat. LOL
I really feel like wtf sometimes..ugh making sense of everything that is makes my brain hurt sometimes..
happy birthday babe! Love ya!
Also, has anyone catalogued all the direct parodies of Ruscha's books? I found four (bought one) within minutes of looking.
Me too. I strangely miss it. RT : I remember what it felt like to be so overwhelmed during college sometimes. I miss those days!
Working on writing an NFPA 70E Introductory course today.
They should have a chocolate buffet.
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 2
God puts people in your life for a reason, and removes them from your life for a better reason.
As you said, not really sure why they don't just announce Jake Arrieta as ODS; pretty clear that he's the best option.
DAMM SHE STILL LOOK GOOD LOL
I like how is teaching something about sports :)
Thanks to all those who participated in Hamptons' Home Movie Day this wknd. Photos coming soon. See you next year!
Lets get it in ladies...
Just tapped, Night Watch Dark Amber Ale (replaces Double Dried-Hopped Islander Pale Ale)
I'm about to pass out! So tired! Good night Twitter.
going to see it Sunday! Can't wait!
It is Friday right?
jurisprudence is the philosophy of the law or the science and study of the law, including the rule of law.
12 to 18 inches of snow in Newburgh on Saturday nuts
lol it's the condensation on the lid of a Tupperware bowl lol
that's unreal. Justice doesn't exist. It's depressing.
it is creepy!
Kasich not overly optimistic on landing Sears. I haven't shopped at a Sears in years! Who has? Maybe good for tools... that's about it.
you're so cool...
Set my alarm to work out in the morning or sleep in? Mmhhh....
Stop in to our office before you leave. We'd be glad to tell you a bit about the space!
Each number in a bitting represents not only the depth of which the key blank is to be cut, but also the location
#FF for setting up some nice press interviews for my health care in the cloud initiative.
I'm really looking forward to "I, Vampire." And "Firestorm", of course. :-)
The immune system has 3 functions: 1) Monitor for potentially malignant cells & stop the from spreading. #bloodfacts via
Happy Halloween!!
been through it & its mad tough! If its meant to be it'll work itself out & yall will have compromise but if not
The North Side ...
That's my fave!! RT : Peanut butter on w.w. cinnamon raisin toast is my go to speedy breakfast.
I shall! I need to get out of the habbit of being lazy after work anyway.
right afta the game im already at the dockside watchn the game
So #Shoutout to cause hes sick , so dont be a dick and follow him! <---see what i did there?C;
Thank you for this one. I'm thinking maybe leave analysis at home till Round 2, but still in analysis phase on that one. LOL
i voted over 100 times for please follow back :)
Lol thank you boo!
Did you know u can tether computer to cellphone for internet access? Your kids know how, can defeat filters at home/school.
Tomorrow, we put your money where our mouth is and destroy a recording studio!!!
Yaaay ! What should we do ? (:
who knew you were such a d-bag
You my friend are what is called the Doctor Of The Future. Medicine has it's merits, and drawbacks. It's good to know you.
Twitter changed for me today, mirrored itself
it looks painful. Feel better soon so u can run next year. ;)) I'm running Saturday, hopefully I'll finish in one piece.
Listening to Jean Chamberlin, VP at Boeing on how they use the Birkman assessment. Great stories producing powerful results!
the only bad thing about jus shooting by yourself. you gotta get your
not sure what you mean? I think yes if audience is multiple groups; but I'm against clear boundaries & taxonomies! :)
im fighting to get u out of my hand but im holding on to everything you have said .
Thanks for the follow--I am following back. Great quote from Shaw.
I know you not skippin out on me and geology...
Watching Betty White's Off There Rockers!!! Ha! I want to be on a show like that when Im old!
: when is Boca place opening?
Would the internet lie to you? Well, we wouldn't! HOUSE will be shown on April 2 & 3. We can't wait to unleash it on Columbus!
Lol at the track team working out to P90X.
Enjoy Please RT
Mon Jan 18 "Living the Dream, Preserving the Legacy" a city-wide celebration for Martin Luther King Day. Presentations begin at 12 noon.
Do you know how to find out the designer? I thought the same thing when I saw her clothes. Want both coat and jacket!
:O Austin singing One Direction. AH~
baby momma lol what's good nay. What u doin
how do you feel about bulleted lists?
Much Appreciated!!
Congrats to
I take god care of my own
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Digital Signage presentation starting now
If there is one thing iv learned, its that shit will get better.
RT : it's all love! ?? I see how u really are u don't love me told me the story
vale! If you swipe your finger across the tweet like we do to unlock the iphone it'll give you the option to delete it lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
You're welcome! No snow in downtown...yet!
Happy Mother's Day everyone!
Dirty Sprite foreeeeevvvaaa
Britain tried to discourage American from settling in the frontier.
"Is the A&M game blackout? ...Thats not cute. I'm wearing white."
Finally in
Speak upon it Sensay
Investigative report-environmental injustice-working since July tonight it goes 5pm/10news-would it happen in La Jolla tip of the iceberg
Thanks for the feedback. Should be some more stuff up soon.
Through blog comments I’m seeing how my ideas and notions vibe with others
this is embarrassing, I'm cringing watching this girl
Pixar Studios sounds like heaven.... cereal bar and sugar sodas....
The Lord sounds like Columbo....
Post-project review with client on £60m NEC3 research centre project. He told me "BIW enabled painless application of NEC3 proctocols".
fuck that it aint no thuggin it out when its a baby in you
is back. Any time to come play?
Thanks for the mention! :)
The Color of the Year is Tangerine Tango via Add a dash of color to your home by painting your front door this beautiful...
Vega Communications love meeting with new prospective clients. Looking forward to a meeting this afternoon.
how can I get this off of my twitter feed?
Bad base running.
#vsa2011 1st question what % of your overall visitor research focuses on NON-Visitors?
Swoon-worthy (as always)!
Situation appears to be resolved. Baker Act made woman aggressive, she was armed so there was a SWAT standoff.
Much thanks for the RT. It means a lot to know than others are interested in helping this cause. Stay in touch!
1 more week until CLASS DAY&2 more weeks until GRADUATION....
"Ain't that sad on a cracker" -"Donna" The Cleveland Show
RT Pumpkin seeds and beer. I love November
The life of a #Skyrim wife .... "I wanna cuddle...""I wanna increase my lock picking ability and fight this dragon"
i needa go where you at rns
: I know I miss my man :(
- thanks for the mentions - enjoy your Sunday afternoon
Park 3 and Urban 3 on sale for $5.99 at the Character Warehouse at Prime Outlet Mall in Orlando. #Vinylmation trading available too!
& #smallbizsat work together to create #smallbiz tools? "Push notification to a biz's checked-in customers?" - VP of Engineering
I saved a frog today! it was dying in oir driveway so i brought it to water and made it a home. his name is pebbles(=
Why are people unfollowing me??? What did I do?
I love how I always end up playing DJ at parties.
haha, that sucks! I think when you talk about them it makes it worse. They are probably searching for people mentioning them!
When I grow up, I wanna be a well-qualified lessee.
2nd nu collection nearly complete for the NEW #CountryFloors. Besides being curvy and sexy it's 3 Dimensional... Hand carrying to
ha u had me big!!!
Or a therapist.
Headed to renaissance market and quacks tomorrow. Would love to see you there if you can make it!
I can't wait to get matching sweatshirts<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+270C><U+270C>
“: "I love you" "OMG, really? What a coincidence!" "Why? You love me too?" "No, I love myself too!"” hahahahah
I did a review for it myself a while back, great book, not like his normal stuff though.
looking for my phone...yet again, somebody call my phone-it's lost again! tee-hee happy holidays!
Also frayed my dress. Thank you gospel wear's mighty zipper.
Where r these people!!!!
Merry Christmas to all my Tweeps!!! Hope your Holiday Season is da BOMB!!
Visualization group (led by ) is talking not about tools but about wishing for exploratory visualization
Watching Cry Baby For The First Time ^.^ <3 Johnny Depp
#indieview I did it alone too. All my NYC friends thought I was nuts. Loved it...esp Glacier National Park!
18 days till DC BOY of splurge gang is released from his 11 month sentence
Adam Noah Levine! Pink glitter, #seriously I'm not even mad that it was a #TeamXtina shirt but pink glitter...
No matter how smart you are, you can never outsmart what your heart tells you.
Welcome new followers to our growing consensus hub
Things start out as hopes and end up as habits.
lol! Great plan :-)
good thing you can bike to ikea
Chilling some ice cold #DosEquis (I am interesting ...), watching #Ravens football and toasting my old friend ...
We A1 everything!!!!
I love you the most when you are at your lowest
just makes the day so much better
It's hard to express how they 'joy up' my knitting! Insanely wonderful!
I have HOW TO EAT A CUPCAKE on my list!
That's great - one less thing to pack!
for sure
One thing to test ur anger management skills is getting stopped by 356 stop lights. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00A5>
A parrot talks way too much but can<U+FFFD>t fly high but an eagle is silent and has the will power to touch the sky
I feel your pain! My wife and I had it a few months ago from tainted Chinese pine nuts. Sweet things temp. relieve the taste.
Acronyms? Missed something. :/
Starting Dec 5th - Gingerbread Train Photo Contest! did you buy yours yet?? Visit the museum store to pick one up before we're all sold out!
#latin of the day - Vulgus vult decipi. "The mob wishes to be deceived."
save some for S. Carolina!! xo loves..
Hmm, I wonder if the vet will issue me some Kevlar or chain mail as protection for when my cat goes all claw-y tornado of pain on my ass.
Ted drewes frozen custard
shouldn't you die her red??
i like the new twitter design and i just had some meatloaf. - eugene
you're sweet! Thank you!!
No gimmicks
Happy to be hanging out with our favorite Seattle crowd at #smcsea!
That's huge.
The wat I feel abt yuh. . . This song kan explain it ~Dance For You -Beyonce ~
glad I could help, opening night can't come soon enough!
Summer nights come at me.
Organizers of the 2012 London Olympics have signed a licensing deal with Universal Music Group.
it's the home sharing option under advanced options on itunes
homegrown tomatoes with eggs for breakfast, bummed I can't be at the tomato art fest but almost as good!
his smile
of course not. Shoot me
austin, never stop smiling
Green Tip: save trees and pay your bills online
If this Daily Show performance is a good indication, Esperanza Spalding is very talented and her music sucks.
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. -Theodore Hesburgh // Happy Mother's Day everyone! :-D
2 big shows this weekend check out www.popgoesthegio.com for details
thank u 2!
Going to ohio next week on thursday because my grandma died last week and we are going to her funeral
CHICAGO POLICE B ON SOME BULL!!! MUFUKAS GOT ROBBED & U OVA HERE HARASSING ME!!? SHOULDN'T U B OUT LOOKING FOR ONE? SMH #DUMBFUUKS'
Ah i want to get tatted up soon!!
The wingman got upset b/c I said "look, your frd likes my frd, its all good, feel free to talk to other girls"- wasn't I doing him a favor?
The dream team must watch every bulls game together. We won't lose!
Great chance from Adu!
Yeah I like you <3
“: in here dancing to freakum dress so i can stay up smh lol” <---- lmfao get it Jessica!
A simple and powerful morning mantra; it is important to receive a deep breath first and release. Then say: Thank You, Thank You, Thank You.
WATS GOOD LADIES!! FOLLOW BACK
You're I'm Avon nigga that ain't naptown
write me a proposal, and ill consider it
Yea my phone is finally fixed!
The tank top?
Estimate over 200,000 came downtown for festivities over weekend! Go #indy!
Have you read the new Worlds Finest and Earth Two comics? Thoughts?
Goodbye dreams of state!
yea boy
are you sick?
GO KAREN! --- But I'm sure there's more to this story... stay tuned!
What season are you on? RT : That's a slippery slope! RT : Watching a #breakingbad marathon :)
According to the latest consumer psychology, most marketers don’t know as much about their customers as they think they do.
i like food.. can we like be friends..?
I'm convinced that has the biggest fan base so far. At least on twitter. Then it's Then
Kicking drinking & men, picking up LSD...? O_o #justaguess RT My summer goal is to kick 2 habits, & maybe pick up a new 1
it's okay they'll be weirder with me ;)
I have a bunch of answers that need questions. Wanna do some trading?
i know the cadence of this tweet contradicts how emotional this tv show is making me but just know that it's basically destroying my heart.
Thanks bro. I effed up the end and some flat notes now and then but only God is perfect, right?
Final exam ( ) ... LET'S DO THIS THING.
Let's go lakers! #Winning ;)))
Is there a debate tonight? We were drinking early. Miss anything exciting? Any dumb fucking mistakes?
That just means you were doing a good job! :P
I wana be his ride or die bitch ! he not ready for it and its pissinq me off.!
some people treat their dogs way to much like humans. Hair, nail and fur salon? this this is ridiculous!
Thanks for the support!
RT : Only simple narrow minded ppl still believe family can only be who you're born to and not who you choose to love.
check out aa2daypokernews.com awesome site guys all poker related
#RAW starts in 1 hour and 2 min. :-)
it's all good now. Like you said, it was majorly delayed. Can't wait to receive it!
Picks blueberries and indian brunches with Glaveystein!
even though you're resistant to my flirtation and manly charms, we should cocktail sometime. It'd be a hoot!
Saw a lottery ad that said "You remembered your anniversary. Proof that anything's possible." Apparently the odds of winning were 1 in 365?
come hang with us again!
Why no, I didn't just sprint across 5 lanes against the light to catch the bus....no.
That's a damn shame about Junior Seau.
Cool Motorbike images :P motorbikes
Gluten Free, Quasi-dairy, Soy anythings are grosser than string cheese.
I know but I'm an Ibot now there is no going back only regret!
He STILL has that lazy eye!?
Same here me & my friend are waitin for the JB concert to start so we can go we so wanna go and in June were going to see 1D
My appearance progressively gets worse as the end of the week approaches.
one of her listeners asked how was she discovered?! Luv it. #wurd 900 am
Let's trend #thankyouariangrande ? Who's with me?
“: Photoshoot again, long day ahead!” wear sensible shoes.
Come to Healey 107 at 7pm tonight to witness the soon-to-be ex-president Mike Meaney deliver his farewell address
“: Super excited about flying to Vancouver to film Breaking Dawn. Not excited about my 6:30am wake up call." yippee !!!
RT : Adams Morgan/ McPherson Sq: Expect delays due to possible street closures by Secret Service around 9 or 10am.
Omg ppl were laughing crying enjoying clapping shouting wow what a moment in my life. Ppl follow your dream. I am almost in tears.
Warm wishes for a happy holiday season from all of us at Baldwin, Kagan & Gormley!
The fair is tomorrow.And my Koralee is coming!I can't wait!
No Nick Collins!!!!
Thank you, office bagel day! Yay, comfort food!
Oh shit, jellybeans exist
thank you for the RT
"The cost of education stagnation is too high." Typical US 12th grade classroom reads books 4 yrs behind. Via
Students who elected option to do final on Blackboard almost universally waiting until last possible moment to do it
Thanks for the RT. happy to report the training is going well and the donations are going strong :-)
& I thought today was saturday, damn.
Brunch Wines!! Free tasting all day today - stop by and pick up your Easter Brunch wines.
so um how about them Pacers ^.^
Can we help explain anything?
Agreed - the site has so much potential. , more stories, less sexist crap, please.
#MSNBC missing forest from trees re #Trump endorsing #Romney - means Trump won't run 3rd party if Mitt wins nom.
:p I won't bro!
Help spread the word? #FoodFightMKE surprise event at 6:30 tonight at NE corner of the Bradley Center!
Romney doesn't remember assaulting that kid in school, but he does remember that he didn't know he was gay at the time. I buy it.
Man I'm So Irritated :\
My replay button got extremely raped today on one song. "Graveyard Dancing" - D.R.U.G.S; this is the 20th time now. One more before bed. 21.
You can't do anything with that. That's a fucking mess!
Think acne goes when you grow up? Think again. Doctors are seeing more cases of acne in adults
is now !! Dear Followers: I've slimmed down my username for ease of use in a character-constrained world.
thats not Rebel Red!!
Daniel! Hombre, you were missed at ECAD. :-)
Taking MetroRail for the first time! It's both awesome and pretty popular.
Omg dont even get me started... SO EXCITED !!!
That was weird, we just had an #earthquake in DC
World's biggest lie, right behind "The check's in the mail" & "I promise not to cum in your mouth": "I'm not a politician."
Republicans win Wisconsin standoff: What happens now?...www.tncnews.com (politics)
hope Manning or Flynn end up out here in Seattle, getting tired of making fun of the Seahawks out here
I love how my friends have a life, and I don't. :/
Aw snaps really are you saying what I think your saying <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>RT : D Day is approaching is all I have to say <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
life is like a revolving door unless someone shows you the way out you continue to go around in circles.
wow! Amazed that the flower survived winter. Maybe you can post pics when it blooms. I'd love to see it :)
I'm adding a time lapse video of me painting my fathers day gift, any artistic feedback is welcome. I'm having some issue and need advice
Come by United Plastics booth
I got my hair done! Yay! :)
chris paul's son is so cute.
Merry National Marshmallow Day to all! Celebrate the season's tidings at the Simply Sweet Shoppe and pick up some marshmallows!
So it turns out that John Travolta is a real wild man. Lol
Got it. Thanks s lot I appreciate it. This is a really valuable service
CONGRATS AUSTIN 200K MAHOMIES! We are one big family and no one will EVER change that! We love you!!<33(:
Absolutely in love with John Mayer's Born and Raised album so far
i have the rangers defeating the wings in my bracket lol
what u been on
Anyone have references for using twitter (and other social media) in med school setting? many thanks!
they strike again!! What's his nickname..Lumber-dozzi!!
Ah Primary Day...it's like spring training for all the recall madness to follow
I'm good.getting ready for work
"Rape" is not a word you get to toss around a synonym for bad.
I been good how you been
RT : #TheVoice finals! GO CHRIS MANN :)
yeah! For real, the show needs u & the female singer. Forgot her name & the rest of the band.
If ever you think of me out of the blue, just remember it's all the kisses I've blown in the air finally catching up with you!
My birthday in 6 min bitchez!
Sidekick 4G for sale. Pretty much bran new. Let me kno... Have the pre paid sim card too jus needa turn it on
"So Far Away" by Staind and "Girls Just Want to Have Fun" by Cyndi Lauper have agreed to play, simultaneously, in my head. Thanks, guys.
Thanks ladies. It's all bittersweet and stuff.
I didn't say you shouldn't be! ;)
Being told ive changed by him, it hurts. But i had to change.
Happy Mother's Day!
Thanks to everyone whom attended the Mystique Masquerade Ball Last night. Pictures will be up soon.
Where will you ring in the new year?
I can't wait to see The Muppets present tonight! I might bring my desk buddy Kermit with me to a viewing party...
RT <U+200E>**CHATTANOOGA & NASHVILLE* Need to shoot a MUSIC VIDEO?CONTACT CPtv MEDIA for ALL of your videography needs!
People who act like they're helping the community but are actually just shamelessly self-promoting or profiteering.
Live cash poker session at Commerce :-)
hey, I don't have your number. Please call me about our shoot.
My friend here wants to see you xD Oh and she says Hi ...
More from Scarborough Research data: Hawks gone from distant 5th in fan interest in Chicago to relative equal of everyone aside from Bears.
Zine fest is in a week!! Check it out on Saturday, May 21 from 4-10pm at Kohn's! I need to get all of my stuff done by then though...
#IDontMeanToBeRudeBut Guys who call females Nigga like they part of the guys please
Finishing up Celibacy NOW manuscript to go to lines! Target release June 23!
I hate I hate the god damn #Patriots buncha lucky bastards...stupid Cundiff #Ravens deserved that win...Leave it to an ex #Bills to dropball
oh no! Hope your day gets better. My morning started with our dog destroying Tony's brand new pair of expensive glasses! TGIF!
getting ready for a studio session in two short little days....
“: I love watching Frank take care of his mother. actually shows Franks softer side. #Shameless” I love WH! Since 1992.
Just read the blog post. Somebody should tell Ms. Rodriguez that it's a week too late for April Fools jokes.
Such a powerful code can make a huge difference to the response rates you get from your marketing efforts
it's 4 in the morning, perhaps I will try sleeping.
If everyone could see what I saw, in those boys that I love. I thought, we would never have war anymore.
Remember - "Advocates" can't "advocate" without great content to advocate about
Thanks Tanya! And thanks for the twitter love! Miss ya!
The GOP is a bunch of teabagger MORONS!!!!! Who cares what they think? We can do whatever we WANT!!!!!
from the moment i met you everything changed i knew i had to get whatever the pain
That was not me with the Canon but I wish it was. My pics from the day are all on Instagram.
How come "abbreviated" is such a long word ?
What would I do without
nuthin really jus sewing...my life is a bore
Can you read this? Thank a teacher.
Good luck fit lady x
IS THAT nice 2 make fun of down syndrome people?I have a special needs son.IGNORANCE AT ITS FINEST!
WHICH LOCATION
Oh, risking the jinx. You're a madman!!!!
RT : Remember you can print physical forms off www.ApexHigh.com PARENTS, please remember to sign & date physical forms.
Wow, thx. That one's only for the brave. MT I got a dozen people to fall for "Variations on Grief." Love. Re-read it often.
Up Early Bored
I'm sure they missed it, which means they saw it? This is hard when isn't telling them what to say.
RHEA IS U SLEEP
If i'm sitting right there, and you have the audacity to talk about me why would you not say it to my face?
It was pretty great haha. The table-top one filled my younger years and I was just reminiscing. Haha
Play ball! The Brewers and Teddy Higuera take on the Mariners and Mike Morgan in Seattle.
Whatever is done in the dark will come to light
Business Beat: Volunteers sought for May 19 gala
nun much wat u doing
You're a little late I'm already torn<3
OK, good.
Ferret Fact: Ferrets were domesticated thousands of years ago; pictures on the walls of Egyptian tombs show ferret-like creatures on leashes
Yo u still can do that or nah??
that's what she said
thanks, you should hit me with a follow and join the fam :)
Surprise of the morning....seeing a young buck in my fenced in urban backyard. So random.
RT : Great weekend with and Solid guy and solid organization. Grateful for all that they do!
Who feels horny bcuz I know tht I am!!!! Whoo Whoo Whoo u know it!!
": The eldest children in families tend to develop higher IQs than their siblings." Hey
Dang paper plates are expensive
If you are a hot artist and need trax holla at us..... Orphanz
But my bed is so warm and comfy
Oh, I have. I've also seen The Brave, which is where he really convinces himself that he's Native American.
You mean like you?! I hope so! :) “: An Epic one no doubt.”
Who's your favorite #FollowFriday friend and why?
See a lot of rust out there.
No price yet & no official China release date. Samsung said in London that an Asia release would happen sometime in May.
I consider myself well spoken, yet I use the phrase "flip-flopped". Looks like I FLIP-FLOPPED!
I miss Hi-C Ecto Cooler!
batshit insane would have been more accurate.
Interview with a call center and sending out my application for SWEC. A perfectly busy day starts with me finding out i have no cream.
M cheese grits
what are austin's fans called?
Hackintosh being rebuilt from scratch with help from it's young cousin MacBook Air.
Thanks for the good thoughts yesterday. Still no news. I'm playing like Gary Gnu, though. :-)
I seriously can't wait till I'm on stage killing shit. I want people walking away with ear-gasms from my playing saying, damn that was sexy.
Clark Kerr Campus (at #UCB) conference wifi keeps logging me off every 1/2 hour ....
Bourne: Oh please be gentle, I want to like this so badly
Happy to have my Calvin back :)
Working on LifeWorks NW's annual fundraising breakfast at Zoo on April 16 - good responses, exceeded sponsorship goal www.lifeworksnw.org
not at the moment
A tad worried here too... Thanks for the info! :) GO IRISH!
going shopping today for religious medals ~ will bring you a present!!
Thanks Mark! WE LOVE YOU!!! Miss you and see you son ;) RT : Hope the tour is rockin socks off. Love you all.
We Salute #NoDJ on all hes 2012 accomplishments and he deserve the up most respect. Keep the mixtapes coming.
Instant stress buster: Picture yourself with a fishing pole beside some still waters.
13 points away from ALL As my goal is to get all As before school ends. May 24 or 25 is the last day! Can i do it?! I think i can :)
is researching tax issues surrounding CRATS- charitable remainder annuity trusts!
RT if you saw Marvel's The Avengers !!!!
thanks! but then you are an interesting person, a person with interesting ideas, and interested in . . . you get it!
Work today . Blah -_____-
I should'a offered myself up for the dunk machine. I bet Polifest could have grossed FAR more per ball thrown.
Noone said it would be easy!
Yes definitely!! One Of the Most Amazing People I've EVER Met! I LOVE ITALIAN People!!!!! :D
well, I'm clueless on comics, so yeah...
happy mothers day
Happy New Year!
OMG IM THE MOST HAPPIEST GIRL EVER IM GONNA GO SEE 1D IN SAN DIEGO :') LITERLY CRYING
"The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire." — Field Marshal Ferdinand Foch
Thinking got a few life decisions to make......
I'm jealous, this fucker nasri always has the best seat come gametime!
u can see the video
do u have comcast? If yes the first two seasons are on xfinity streampix on demand
LivingSocial subscribes to Google idea that "Done is better than perfect"; iteration & sorting out problems can happen later
I think we have a winner....
#ThingsThatGetMePissed - When Nickelodeon has stupid ass shows on that nobody cares about.
or roscoe dash, that shit would be funny
It would be an even better night if they can hold out and win. We are holding are breath in the control room.
After 10 pm, we've got amazing wine and beer specials, discounted apps and 2-4-1 rail drinks. Come on down, Nite Owls!
I’m begging for what wasn’t said.
"...partnerships and innovation." - Burt Kummerow
Time for some pizza.
no its okay because i get alot of spam and it gets annoyin when alot of your DMs r mostly spam
Watching the #AlamoBowl is like watching NFL RedZone- TDs every few seconds- except this is one game instead of 10
#Avengers so good!!! #Avengers >
yeah come check 1 out
Appreciate it!
Do you love to write? Do you love green fashion? Got 1-2 hours freelance every week to blog? If that’s you pls msg direct with quals - Mike
When I saw the title I hoped you were at a petting zoo.
Fantasy MLB is on the horizon. Who do you take in the first round early, mid, late? My vote is Adrian Gonzalez.
p.s. her bridesmaid dresses are fab and she looks gorge!
that's babe! Now let's do your video ASAP :) "umm, can I get a mojito"... Or maybe something sweet w/no sugar" <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
Kind of a sucky day...hoping that the rumor about no soccer practice tomorrow is true.....
Finally off work, this whole bartender schedule is not half bad besides these days where I have to be back in the morning.
Legs are sore today..mexican food tonight with the fam
Yeah, but what does that say about the folks who elected this brain trust?
big plans 4 the weekend: golf & gardening in wellfleet w/ & wish & were here
Obedience is the mother of success and is wedded to safety
O... looking forward to hearing about "mocial" in the closing session
This NHL pbp guy is epic. I picture him as an auctioneer in the offseason.
Close that door before you takin your fuckin clothes off baby
yeah i know? and really random too! :') ahaha
Wake & bake this one for boosie
You're 100% right about Marvin Bower. I'm married to one of his granddaughters and treasured every meeting. Remarkable man.
It's one thing to hate your voice/laugh on recording, but when people point it out sucks even more <U+2639>
Why am I having an allergic reaction to hypoallergenic sunscreen?! SMH!
- If You Voting For Obama You A MFn Fool . . iDGAF How Black He is , His Ass Aint Making Shit Better . . Thats Why i Dont Vote . .
2nd week of post production for #TheTownThatDisneyBuilt - Stay tuned for more updates on the progress of the film.
Kevin McCarthy = Hero, for reading Atlas Shrugged.
RT Go Broncos! downfall of working near the kitchen - receptionist baking cookies from 's daughter.
You know what's funny? I doubt I would have ever heard of #Julia had it not been for Republicans. And I love politics.
no solid plans. last year we did Hollander.
What she said! RT : how about appropriately motivated
second night in a row that I've been up this late.
turns out I worked with someone in Boulder, CO you went to school with, Rochelle Schultz
Much-criticized, much-amended trans fat ban, SB68, slips out of Senate on 18-17 vote.
It is out there...don't you worry. I did the deliveries today and more tomorrow.
Watching the Sox and voting for Paul Konerko to be in the All-Star Game. It shouldn't come down to this but I'll keep voting! Lol
Double Americano at Patisserie Salzburg in Scarsdale, but their out of mixed berry flax muffins today :(
Today we were invited onto Ashford Talk Radio to discuss how we do it better at Phi 9 and our dedication to Social Sustainability!
haha I'm sure that agency will be 'restructuring' soon
girl you know what it is
Definitely! We only live a block away from each other, so I still don't understand why we suck at hanging out :P
Read the link I sent from Wikipedia. They have zero to do with HBO
lol ok ok
thanks! you to and your welcome
Merry Christmas to All! Peace. Love. Happiness :)
Happy Birthday Rob Pattz! I hope today is special for you! :-) <33333
Aw it's the little things :)
attackers moving in on pinterest. Rpt coming soon RT Just got a twitter spam directing me to a Pinterest site.
they're at Easy Street Records just down the block from you tonight at 6!
If fine alpaca fibers are your bag, stop by booth 1074! Would love to hear your opinion on the our line from Peru
had a awesome workout today
Hey twitters. Getting things up to date! :)
I'm reading RULES OF CIVILITY. Not sure I like it yet. Seems to have a good voice, though wondering about the story...
We have crabcakes today! Have it on a roll or over a bed of spring mix.
when I'm with my mommy I'm not , but when I'm alone and the power goes out (like it just did) shit gets real
2 gift cards still remain!
Well fed shirt in the mail....yeeeeee
of course! :)
Oops. Just checked my facts. No one ever accused sheep of jumping over the moon. That of course was our good friend the cow.
baby you light up my world like nobody else.
If anyone can put me in touch w/ someone from #treme production, that would be cool. Trying to right a minor wrong that went unnoticed.
Stoked for and all pigs must die double set. Gonna be a fuckin rager.
has a half-decent flow ....no coleslaw tho
I would never worry like this in the past. I guess I actually care so much more this time around.
N we go in
That was a good ass game.
Using - Perl client for Twitter - dizzying.
Holy fog, Batman!
...Use the right words correctly, kids. And know that "bristling" is what cats do when their tails turn into bottle brushes.
wanna join u on ur cum adventures
Pinch me, I'm dreaming. I purchase Sonik Synth 2, register it tonight, and I get 4 more software. Much love, IK!
What is the point of that dang egg? Is there something in it?
I love my niece
I smile and act like nothing is wrong sometimes, it's called dealing with shit and staying strong.
already? Wow, good luck man!
Here is why I am concerned we were fooled by the Prince signing last years issues we never addressed still have the same holes
#ThoughtsDuringSchool If you can't read out loud in class , don't raise your fucking hand and volunteer. because we all want to shoot you.
Thanks for all the great work that you and your team do!
So that is a win.
Looking forward to a much needed and overdue workout session after work.
I'm not as generous as you are.
but yeeah im bakk can u plse be my manager!!
Come in and Try out our New Chips and Salsa and Fish Sticks...
The well pump is suddenly not working. I think it's a sign that I need to drink wine instead of water.
is my role model && forever will be :)
bout to get some reps and jump fresh.
Or not just Pollyanna positive. Life is about the good and the bad.
The AP chemistry packets I have to do over this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> <<<<<<
that stuff is nasty!
That strawberry is really making me nervous.
Awww Louis's girlfriend is so pretty!!!(: Tell louis i said hi, Hahaaa.
*tears & a smile* you know I have nothing but so much love for you two. X
okay? So y did u put that
when are you coming to #ROC?
Thank you for listing me :) FYI - You're very pretty... I'm just saying...
// I really hopes it lasts at least a little while longer. Lol
RT ": What are you tapping for tasting today?"
Has your library/archive started new initiatives during tough economic times? I'd like to hear!
Thank-you all for the Happy Birthday wishes.:D 69 days. Rosie!
Yay. And then some.
Did we just learn that from personal experience?
pain,fear,an anger are jus states of the mind.once released shall it truthin an stronger the real importants of ones mind.such as liven LIFE
Will that sunday interview be free? or cost?
If I was your hubby those tits would be caressed, fondled and massaged every single day! Not to mention licked & sucked! :-)
JR Smith might actually be the dumbest defensive player ever.
yeah by accident, lol
Nothing to watch, nothing to play, this sucks -________-.
alright and yours?
It's Friday. I'm home. I'm relaxing. Cat is with me. Bliss.
. Yes. Thanks! Story coming. // RT Did u hear of a 26YO woman getting deferred today after pleading to sex with her 13YO neighbor?
Thanks for all the November votes! please consider helping out Everybody Deserves Music by joining our project on crowdrise!
oh my glob
Looking forward to attending the screening of #blackinamerica with other Tech minded individuals tonight on behalf of
Slick Music Student Recital May 27. $2 tickets at the door. 7 pm. Doors open at 6:30
sayi.g one student was killed in school shooting my heart goes out to the parents send ur child to school & never come home :((
Retweet if you Ever heard somebody say Derrick Rose was their cousin *lol*
Okay, so they find the mad cow 'randomly'. Then say it is the only one.
ok sweet:)
Heading home tomorrow, so stoked to work on new covers & collabs w/ <3 Bring it on, summer!
Baltimore to hopfully get Indy Race in 2011, ohh man thats going to be cool!!
Leads me to wonder how authors in 20-30yrs will feel about it.
Happy to post that my Account Group Supervisor for GolinHarris, Consumer and VP of Digital, GolinHarris are filled. It took a month of hard…
I hate to respond again, but I am laughing like a bastard in relation to how much shit you wrote yesterday. Awesome.
My favorite will always be, "We're not watching WeTV. We're going to watch Sportscenter. Like men.
"the furs" music with my art should be interesting
thanks man. We are at a conference and my friends air won't boot, so we are going to restore it
side on the cross examination (:
Circus @ Pioneer Courthouse Square is cancelled due to the rain.
I am the punishment of God...If you had not committed great sins, God would not have sent a punishment like me upon you
Hi! Thx for dropping me a line; wish we'd had a chance to meet. Since we're in the DMV we can fix that! How abt a phone chat?
#writing "There is nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at the typewriter and bleed." Hemingway
missin your thug ways
Not again?! 2 outs, 2 strikes, Freese doubles and drives in 2 to tie. Yay! But ugh.
Universal Dominance will be mine!! RT : <U+25B2> The Zoneplex shimmers in your general direction… <U+25B2>
Friend just told me about an awesome fiesta party idea- a pinata full of mini liquor bottles! That will certainly get your party started.
been tryin to get an rt from my boy wiz forever now keep that good shit up with rostrum
It's cold, wet, & windy and my dog won't potty. Ugh.
has already added 29 new tour dates to her tour.
hi there can you do me a huge favor real fast?(:
School Tomorrow -.-
Create good content on your website and really help the visitors on your site.
Saw #TheWhippingMan last night-fantastic performance. Looking fwd to seeing you direct more shows at next yr
morning :D
No, Fred Couples doesn't get to play from the senior tees in the Masters.
oh lord
I don't remember Captain America having a gun in the comic books.
Boy did wrist start trending quick in #dc, way to go Jayson.
Imagine Brandon Lil dread hanging Out Of A Milk Carton Lmao
words that describe a certain non-profit
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst and consultant! His work is unparalleled!
": Oddly enough my followers have increased during my sabatical...." maybe people like you.better when you're not around?
can you please #FOLLOWMECODY for ? it would make her day!4
Thanks AW---by the way it is Monday afternoon here--still trying 2 grasp the time diff. Didn't have a Sunday-it vanished.
Brody: bringing design back into a living space.
No Silver Stars in WNBA All-Star Game starting lineups.
I had those from '94-2007. Unfortunately, for most of those years there was nothing ironic about them.
Looks like #mw2012 is going strong on day one! I'm flying in tomorrow. Looking forward to meeting folks at the reception!
Congratulations to your grad school acceptance at #SDSU!
Untangling the missed chances for dialogue is beyond me and I can't just say, breathe, respect each other.
Van Morrison, you had it right buddy.
. Do you find that they have useful/new/interesting info, or is mostly just web addresses/etc already on display?
thank you Julia
Basketball tickets are in hand. Barring another parking ticket, this should be a good day.
I'm so sad right now. California's economy is in the shitter. Sign of things to come.
only you! Haha! <U+2661>
This sophisticated, (former) big city guy just made casual reference to "Quarry Mart". Toto, I don't think we're downtown anymore!
nice meeting you yesterday!
Being single sucks when you know exactly who you want.... /:
I needed that bro, you aint never lied
GO GIANTS!!
text me Will Ferrel Parody tweets that she didn't know he had
Lucky! How old were they when you started them playing?
Lmfaooo :') love you!": lmao don't kill my shit. :/"
I'm already on the mailing list!
#arma11 Visit Booth 233, demo scanners, register to win a MACBookAir & join us at 10:15 a.m.Tues for an InoTec Solutions Showcase. Be there!
after a liter of coke a bag of saltvinegar chips and a pound of salsa... i ask myself... why
Nice job on the review. I do admit that I find all the Cp community outlets a bit much. Looking forward to Cp6 though!
EXCUHSE ME? I'M the LBR? I INVENTED the term. Puhlease. I was willing to give you a chance but now you're done-- well-done.
You know what? Gladiator still rocks it the fuck out.
I'll Have Another, really?
its here ppl aint no half step'n bitch comes tomorrow............n i will be grinding them personally also.........
aka has no clue how many insults that this twitter account is about to throw in his direction.
Another mitt starts popping! MT : Morning. Throwing off the mound for the first time today! Have a great day." Great 2 hear
Does age poison us, or do we poison age?
Yes, but a lot of middle-school kids aren't ready for decontextualized, abstract thinking. Too slippery
what. in the hell. RUGBY, that is not a equal exchange!
i love #hollywooddream!
finally: an iPad version of Spotify - no more messing with my vertigo!
70 cappers now posted and the consensus is back up on KY..more to come by tip off
“I don't remember who said this, but there really are places in the heart you don't even know exist until you love a child.” Anne Lamott,
I don't fuck with any post 2000 Nas or Jay Z. Hate if you want.
for real! “: If only the officials could make the free throws for LBJ”
busy bee catching z's
I'm totally going to wear a fedora tomorrow. (Things I Think While Drinking Alone)
the only (stressing only) good part is that it won't be a long drawn out process. No two ways about it, teething s#%$s.
Fair, but we need to see if we can get some jinx points back. Either way, hope it's a good one today.
Bored ass!": Playing brick breaker...Too Bored"
All my profile pictures are me and band members. I need a good one of just mez
Got lost on Mt Si 50mile ultra, ran back to start & found RD, he offered to drive me back to course. What?! I'm an #ultrarunner I'll run!
You are more than welcome! Hope you will stop by next time you're in town!
Ha! First fuck up at Jerry World - Sound system is messed up on the National Anthem.
#smw12 Douglas Rushkoff: "Bill Clinton's presidency failed to the extent it was about him."
#usabilitycolab is a great idea!
aww your so sweet! Guess what? I love you too (:
I sent you an invite for the demo
I have less than a month(;
Back in DK again after the most amazing #SWb12 - Thanks to all for making the event AWESOME!! Hope to see you all soon again!
They need to start acting like the Bulls the best team in the East stop saying Heat bastards
just found out I will be MCing your show June 1 !! Very excited to work with you !
I should be working on this research paper however I'm addicted to
Applying for jobs. #exciting!
omg that's so awesome!! thank you Sara.
In your opinion what is the best swing trainer for clubhead speed AND creating lag?
Half-day, Niall got 3 million followers and I have mac and cheese. This is a great day <3
Thanks for the RT!
your so pretty !
Thank you so much! Keep your fingers crossed for us = )
My #EDC schedule is looking mighty trancey...
Yes it was! but my lawn and newly planted flowers are so happy! The sun always come back...great design! :)
O Don Draper is getting a taste of his own medicine
Dams are killing zones where salmon cannot escape Sea Lions . We pay billions to keep salmon
Happy birthday ! You make us smile everyday.
Interesting to see snow still on ground near #lowerNorthForkFire. Tells me Monday's fire moved very fast, in trees, not on ground.
A few minutes away from an assignment deadline with quite a bit to go and then coming to find out its been extended a few days =
Nickk,! could you please follow me! i love you !you inspired me so much<333
WHOA - Facebook just made a major change to the way we view photos. Click through our photos to check out the new features & feel!
When you have to use a mirror to take your profile picture I would say you need a friend :-)
It is BRUTALLY cold here right now!!! :-(
#Sanctuary is on right now! turn your t.v. to Syfy!
Thanks Randy!
I feel bad noww
Well, good morning world! Not quite sure what's happening.
Game Day!
Thanks. Meeting with group facilitator next week.
Giving up cursing with the roomies for lent. About to get creative with my word choice.
so true. Live your life to the fullest. Never let anything hold you back.
I might be obsessed w/ David Guetta & Sia. I should be a Go-Go Dancer. Seriously.
luckily for you, you are close to Yankees territory!
I am in love with the backyard weddings. Seems like the way to go these days!
call me
RT : 73% of Parkland's burn patients are men - guys be safe this 4th of July- leave fireworks to the professionals!
ha ha!
the twitcon is a boy so im pretty sure its not a girl
and now Chapman whom we thought was NOT available is now throwing in pen.
pretty good hbu?
I'm bartering with my neighbor already, soup to cleanup her computer...something tells me that's not a fair trade.
thank you bff I knew you would be the first one I love you more let's get it 26dsyz my baby!
What do people think of Obama's answers to the nation's questions?
An apple a day..
RT: On the market & on our block tonight! Expect star studded night tonight for the stunning !
Only if there are children present.
/staff ShelterBox's David Eby was 1st to deliver shelter to Haiti. He's back in US to report on aid efforts. Interview available.
I brought the twins Click and Clack.
omg i love breakfast
Omg I walked into a strip club and these chicks are bony as fuck
I can either be too nice or a straight asshole. But definitely I don't have a in between.
Edgar Award for Best Critical Biography goes to Michael Dirda
really now Whitney Houston u say
I can imagine a few too:)
#DIFF 2012 Day 6 - South Korea is on the spotlight!
Blazers say Nic Batum will sign autographs at the Cascade Station Verizon Store. Saturday 2-3pm.
I really don't understand why my Braves are playing so horribly tonight. It makes me sad. We were tied for 1st. :(
If you stand for nothing, you will fall for anything!!!
RT Not even can save you tonight, #LetsGoRangers #NYR (via )
so if my music sounds different....that is why
#youknowitsrealwhen you drop it down like miley cyrus doing a wedgie dance WITH a sing along! haha!
Oh man, between reading tweet about playing in commerce mix games and railing anxious for faster shoulder surgery recovery...
My height is still 5"3' I haven't grown at all...O-well :P
Happy Birthday To My Grandpa, RIP <3
You havent paid rent in 2 months
Have 2 tickets available to each of the Cubs games this weekend! Tweet me if interested~
tweet. More
Put steimsma in!!!
We had a great time! Thanks for having us.
"I Will" Challenge coming soon!!!!!!
Thanks for the follow ! I hope you'll be able to visit my house soon!
Our friends are hosting a pre-party tonight at their Easton store from 6-8. Stop by to dine & benefit #OpFeed!
It's Taco Tuesday!! We're going to make sure you have some extra cash for tonight!
Messi-Ass-Can.
Great ideas! Thanks :)
yupp they do
i love the guy u interview with the gangsta voice. normally i agree with him. not expecting GDP as anemic as he forecasts.
The ending of this game is terrific.
I hate being short with every fiber of my being.
happy birthday fab i am a big fan of you and ja rule been wanting yall to do another calabo
Ha! RT : Would conservatives be in favor of allowing gays to marry if we call it 'marriage deregulation'?
This unlimited, All-Power, is operative in and through every part of my being.
please help stop kony watch the video kony 2012 its
are you a ball-hog or tugboat?
East Boston's new branch lib. is last in line for state construction funding. 22 multi-million $ projects ahead of them. Glad OH still open?
Scrabble... And my brother cheats by using his ipad xD
": Family Guy #hilarious" chump...
Saw #theadventuresoftintin with my son and we both thought it was amazing. A pretty under appreciated movie I would say.
I'm starting to wish we had checked in maybe next time.
We are currently casting military types for 'Bored to Death' this coming Monday.Call us at 212.391.4668 or email us at !
every time i see johnny depp in the trending topics, i think he's dead. he's been dead five times. i'm always glad he's not.
What exactly have you been buying to make amazon so concerned??
Interesting point. The current speaker, Howard Fuller just said that same thing (about conference attendees in general)
They put a brand-spankin new CHIPOTLE by my moms house!
Holy cow. Full rainbow over pdx right now.
#BoringMovies Dances With Wolves
you look beautiful with dark hair...just saying.
How's the show going? I tuned in last week btw ...
HAPPY FEBRUARY! EVERYONE GO TO BLING47.COM RIGHTNOW #DILLA <-wow!!!!!!
You can't convince someone that does not want to be convinced..
He never said a mumbling word
Me too! Feel like he just needs a legitimate chance to show what he can do in the
they have them? Lol
RT : Hey , I'll give you $10 if next week you blurt out something positive about guaranteed minimum income.
ok, nice. Thnx for chat- gotta run, crap load to do....ny bureaucracy, here I come
As a scholar, and the models of teaching & research I am seeing, concept of libs and service roles is exciting to design for.
"10 steps ahead of these niggas… that's why they fuck with me instead of these niggas, YEAH!"
iJust Realized Is Only 10 Months Older Than Me (: And A Day!
the twitter sometimes so silent~
no competition. Think of the most beautiful thing u have ever seen, now times it by 10. Now you're seeing
I used to be a college athlete too.
First, to optimize, always understand your current performance - understand how you're doing today, says
Wtf I'm never gonna be done with invisalign-_-
has upcoming rehearsals and tech week for "Anything Goes" this week.
Who thought Posada was done not me.
I thought I had mono for an entire year once. Turns out I was just really bored. Hope you feel better.
can I get a tweet? You'd make my day
Remember, you can use Antengo to help you find carpool buddies. Check it out! Its quick, FREE, and easy :)
Rocking out to #withoutshoes in our OC office.
#obamabirthdaypartygames Duck, Duck, Capitulate.
yep. & a 50 ? Packet due in my math class...
Wake up from that dream!
I know.french lol
I really really really miss him that's my problem!
is filled with anticipation right now. having "an evening" with david sedaris. not a book signing. hmm....
My ass is small.
idris is fine..!
bit.ly/uRl6Oh Having a sale on the Wave Multi-Tool. Great tool for rescue and other uses.
Forcing myself to get up
TROLL HARD Y'ALL.
lol oh haha! It's alright I guess,I like my other one on my real account better!
w/GET
I feel guilty about buying new stuff when I've got stuff I need to use up.The "haul" mentality of many beauty bloggers grosses me out.
ok, be there in June, FAM reunion
Address for the family of Arthur Jordan: 4219 Eton Ave. Bronx, NY 10466
hey buddy - we thought about going & then thought better of it!
Fake Friday, you got me again!
See you in St Louis (Now there's a tune). I'll bring my dancing shoes!
lol. no doubt. i never either. what class are you in?
I guess we are just too green… ;)
Done!! Bloodys with are the best :-)
Great. I've caught a few problems w/ curley quotes in the text, a few other minor things.
I give suggestions to teachers on how to help with handwriting, organization, social skills and homework of my son with Autism.
if you haven't noticed, is absolutely everywhere. bieber should be worried!
Our 500th tweet was actually a RT of the totally awesome Um, Omar...are you running the Relay? We'd LOVE to see you there! :)
oh hi
KCs best burger, gyros and fish tacos oh my!!! Come get what you want at 18th and Locust open til we sell out!!!
Or that can happen too mmhmm yep mmhmm
Rove kept saying," Economy - Economy. Don't get in2 social issues." But RWNJs pushed, Santorum flourished &now BO is out on top
some people are ignoring the poor black child tortured into a coma via electric shock at school while his teachers laughed...
Dana would like to thank Howard Wasdin, author of SEAL Team Six, for a lovely dinner after his HANNITY taping
Desktop Wallpaper Calendar: May 2012 Web Design Brisbane
#fashionista their styles are both amaze but so diff. Kate is very hipster chic and Lauren is Chanel chic :)
OMG...I love Melatonin. It makes sleep so god.
It's funny how much my sister loves to embarrass me.
Insurance Exchange Panel Discussion is underway, with fmr. Miss. Gov. Ronnie Musgrove and MT Insurance Commissioner Monica Lindeen
no idea mane
Now Laker fans want to root for the Pacers because they know their team is gonna get swept ! Haha
If he is convicted of being an accessory to the murder of 27,900 Jews, he will face 15 years in prison.
Put me down for Aliens.
When you have a small screen and a large font size, some of the worst UI on the web is made by How is that possible?
How can you tell when a drummer is at your door? The knock gets faster.
Headed to DC Monday for a few days with a good friend and hopefully some relaxation.
You seem #hip, ZsaZsa. But, aren't you from #Houston?
love YOU!
samee Iv never regretted mine tho
no sir lol
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: stalled vehicle between Southbound 183 Loyola & MLK exit in the left lane stopping traffic
Destiny's Child Swag
Happy Sunday! Need custom promotional shirts? Let us know, Email :)
or what?
It is both energizing and inspiring. I do believe I am addicted to delicious coffee.
When was this? We seem to have a lack of communication!! John Taglieri LIVE in San Antonio on Ft Sam!!!
Thanks for sharing your views!
Thank you guys!
I want some more tattoos... random , I know .
im guessing w.r thomas imma miss orchestra
Looking for training candidates in the Miami, and Oregon locations. Travel Industry or Sales Experience needed.
Cheboygan Memorial Hospital closed April 3, after its sale to McLaren Health Care Corp fell through.
After a very successful Insurance Leadership Forum earlier this month, I'm back on the Twitter scene. Happy Thursday!
#BlackMamaQuotes " What the hell you crying for ? I'll give you something to cry about !"
All Lifers,Follow This New Account They Support #SoSoDef & The Whole Empire !
totally agree! You've inspired me to get to work on mine tonight. I have a redline conquest pro that needed some serious love.
We all have that friend that everyone secretly hates.
All people love a lover. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
I just got called ''sugar foot''
good and u? <3
Happy Friday! IDA tonight? I think YES! :-D
What can i say? im a sucker for a pretty face! :/
u mean to the house in charlotte?
yeah, I'm fine. Thanks bro.
yes they are. I would hate to be the 4 seed that draws that 5 seed in the tourney
lol.I got that from
found a great #organic and #glutenfree restaurant close to me! Can't wait to check out in Studio City!
Niggas be fronting! I'm bout that life!
U ARE the weakest link...Goodbye!
QoTD: "Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself." (George Bernard Shaw)
A happy birthday to THE Mr.Smith!!! May you have a tip top, top notch day!
I would love to see UL UK rematch
no digital copy but not difficult to make one. tho the contents are almost=to Mascall's Profitable Booke, which *is* avail.
Never trust a man with a clean pair of shoes
Geeks rule the world. Don't forget it.
Wonderful to hear!!
#Hiddenmind is making moves watch we goin make noise
yes I have thanks
superbowl game was good, but i wanted the hot tom brady to be a part in winning! :\
Thanks, though I feel like I have no idea! Gotta start somewhere, though, right? What're you proposing?
wow!!! Too bad there's no Bashas near us anymore
dont pump their heads up
Donald Driver made it to the Finals!!!!!
It's easier to write songs on a nice bed or love seat, rather then the floor a hard bench
i was mad man...lol
Microwave Pot pie
Let's get together next week and discuss some options.
Lebron still sucks at this 4th quarter thing
Obvs marketing to "jersey shore" wannabes RT No, don't think I'll rent your beach house you call "The Chum Bucket."
We need more men like this ----> I salute you brother
Leaders aren’t designated; they emerge
Watching #The10ThingsIHateAboutYou Great movie RT if you've seen it. (:
Hey - how do I find fellow temple alum in #Denver CO?
That's a hard-to-forget image.
Tomorrow w/Greg Kihn: John Dioso from talks the last days of Jimi Hendrix!
Yeah.. We are supposed to do a 4 miler.. LAEKKERT!!!
I actually have more band t's than friends..
Remember the street children all around the world. Be their voice and help fight #humantrafficking. May God protect them.
what are you eating? Keeping a food journal can be helpful.
RT : naw not at all. Ya snooze ya lose. Slomotion is no motion these days
One more reason to get to BEA, or KidLitCon12. I'm so glad I got to see you dance--no telling when I'd have that opp again.
I have no choice but to represent for my lakers! I love them even tho they lost. They always gonna be the home team <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
Going nowhere fast we reached our climax >>> Usher got bumping again
thank god it's friday night and I just just just just just got paid.
Dear Publisher: My book is quirky and lovely. I promise that it will sell. Love, Crystal. How's that?
My tummy hurts a little
Actually hello follower - glad to see you here
"It could have just been a dull gloomy moment." - from Dijkstra's "I See a Woman Crying"
16s defeat Playaz Red in first round of bracket play at Next Level Baller Spring Showcase
sneak attach bbq on the streets in caton by the ETC - i think mp3car planned to hold guerilla bbqs around town
Research clinicians talking with Young Inventors about the heart and the work they do
What happened to all the away teams last night?? :O
Surprise guests at last night's post-reading soiree: the Decemberists, John Wesley Harding, Peter Buck.
Tonight is opening night of Carmina Burana at the ! A few tickets are still available at www.kennedy-center.org
Thank you, Joachim, for the retweet!
Listening to speak about human trafficking & advocacy at
He is moderately excited about this, like the sun is moderately hot. Yep, to approximately that extent.
As long as you don't cover her mouth with your hand you'll be fine!
Hi Scott, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
Blasting Bob Marley on while making dinner.
much appreciate to have it :]
Trying to find a hall! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>harder than I thought
CAIN LASHES OUT: 'Media Is Obsessed With Nonsense' via
I will lose my mind if Spielberg makes Jurassic Park IV happen
MT ''It's not surprising, then, they get bitter, they cling to guns or religion..."
yeah... But the heat felt so god!
yup! Go gators!
The automatic assumption gets to me... & there are perfectly serviceable terms to use that don't make those assumptions!
awe. thanks austin! hope it goes well! (: <3
you're up early! Hah(: but goodmorning :) have a great day :)
Those who are investing in #highered, students and states, are looking for ROI, not necessarily a narrower definition.
You're wasting your time, Juju. I can't tell you how many times I've put moratoria on "hipster" only to be disappointed.
Are you excited about BPA next year?
Brew up some fun this weekend...Cheers!
Heard "We Built This City" earlier & waited for the rock and roll city structure Starship spoke of. I guess they fired the city planner.
oh wow, who suggested that show to you?? ;)
Have you ever felt like slamming your head in the wal would be less painful than working with people? Well that's everyday working in shoes
i'm so confused why all this stuff is being mentioned. lolol #amIdelirious?
Teh Bieber is in my head. This is your doing, Pie.
The short bitch Nataliz has charisma but no she short.
Drake songs never get old (:
Our region has so much talent... But the slightest idea how to push over the hump to make it...
Cant sleep
LOW SCORING ASS GAME.BUT LETS GO
#RedSox are spending a lot of time this year promoting their park and history. Need to also work on their present, i.e. clubhouse & winning!
Loves when someone out of the blue asks "how was your day?".
I blame for me not having a date for prom.
love lost abbey great choice
Happy birthday, Myles! I love you!
Jim Thome getting a standing ovation an PNC Park almost made up for a dumb loss
u can get smart via twitter that's fine ..
Looks like I'm having an early night.
Thought for a second Duda had caught that. Camera angle of runner initially made it look like he was going to dugout.
RT : The Butcher? The Baker? The Candlestick maker... Who is your favorite local independent business?
Yay. I fixed my computer
I missed your last two visits to Houston, Hopefully I'll be able to make it Oct. 7!
Wishing everyone a very Merry Christmas. The Grannies are so happy to be with our loved ones and hope you all have a spectacular day too!
AS I WAKE FROM MY SLUMBER.. I THINK NOT OF YESTERDAYS IMPERFECTIONS BUT MORE OF WHAT'S AHEAD WITH AN ABUNDANCE OF FUTURE ENDEAVORS!
Nice win by OKC!!!
#QuoteFromThinkLikeAMan Ms. Lorretta I'm ready for the rest of the tour
! We hope to see you then!
There is no salvation in becoming adapted to a world which is crazy. --Henry Miller
He wasn't able to make it but he sent a video for us to present! Thanks for following!
It was great getting to catch up with you yesterday! Let's do it again soon :)
72 Dolphins also Miami..... hm
Yes u should stay after cuz there's 2 clips after the credits
It is a story about a man's love for his country, his children, and most of all his wife. It is about the eternal nature of true love.
there's a twitter account? Seriously?
Christmas is Right around the corner I cant wait :D !!!
hi Victoria!! I really love you an think your extremely talented and pretty!! Please reply if you can. Have a nice day <3
The future is now
Guys with dimples>>>>>>mhmm
It's too bad he also endorses poverty.
Beverly and her damn tears!
Watching with my dad :D
Just got my certificate. The return from exile is officially copyrighted material!
Hogs are fighting back strong in the 2nd half
We'll save you time & money with NO out of pocket cost to you! How can #AtYourServiceConcierge help you?
that boy too raw
Watched a lady drop her phone on tge track getting out of the subway today.
Will post when there will be another one. Not sure when. Sorry!
A major reason capable people fail to advance is that they don't work well with their colleagues. Lee Iacocca
Sad to See Richco in Harvard IL go. Looking forward, ex-Richco employees are welcome to apply at A+ Staffing in McHenry!
My sources tell me that It was Jack Bauer...
So many fiction plots would be so much less painful for everyone if more people were poly. Just sayin’.
You know how sometimes old people will randomly click around and accidentally delete stuff and have no idea what happened? I just did that.
Honestly that's so depressing and upsetting.....you've actually gotta be kidding me right now
Niggas only lift you up to drop you.
I'm not giving out participation points. Yet.
#younknowitsreal when you make him food
Hurlburt Field in Fort Walton Beach Florida. He's not currently overseas (yay!), but he was and will be.
I think you radio guys are the only people in Milwaukee that care about the anymore.
Thanks for the kudos. I have now officially used my humor and wit for the week.
New #UWM AD Andy Geiger is cool with lack of football pgm @ UWM. Makes sense Considering he was at Ohio St the same time Maurice Clarett was
oh yea tell yo coach yo papa said dont Text&Drive with hiz grandson in tha car
agreed we will get it done
So nice to meet you at
That's why Honeywell's suing 'em. Can't compete. Decades of shitty UI.
At 4 pm last Saturday, Bob Huggins was drunk at Nike Coaches Clinic. We had in our gym working with our kids.
Sometimes your joy is the source of your smile, but sometimes your smile can be the source of your joy.
PLEASE stop Jon from talking POPCHIPS, he's driving me CRAZY!!! :))
lol!!! till about Monday.
my mom told me that yesterday ... lol bad joke lol
Yay!! delivery right on time again! Time to make my famous matzo ball soup. That will kick the last of this sick right outta me!
I did. LOVED it! RT How many of you took advantage exclusive screening of ' #Warrior?
RT : . officially launches #BigFuture today. Follow them for updates from today's event.
So they found THC (Most likely from weed) in Trayvon Martin's system. Part of me could care less, but wow this case is getting interesting
What are you guys doing on this lovely afternoon?
yeah right off the bat I would say I disagree too since graffiti perceives itself to be Art. Still need to read the piece.
Good call on Addison Ave Target store. Got a few Wu items, no problem. But they didn't carry any of accessories! Not online either...wa!
Looking for more writers. Georgia Tech and the Braves are where we have spots. DM, mention or email me if interested.
Wait for a table, for sure!
when u move back to nola, you can send her to Sacred Heart!
yes, seems we have! You've also exploded (made a child, not bang) since I was last in Wales. I want to visit! Miss you!
#HipHopEd Is it too late to propose a cypher for a roundtable at AERA in Vancouver? Lol!
yea! Haha“: Amber fixes problems :D
Success isn't a result of spontaneous combustion. You must set yourself on fire. ~Arnold H. Glasow
Wondering how many men are making women officially mothers at 230a on mothers day just sayin'
"Instead of rethinking the racial categories, the Census is trying to beat us into Whiteness" Manuel Pastor on how "Hispanic is not a race"
ph.ILL is INVINCIBLE! We got proof... studio proof!
#InOurGeneration many of us depend on lower standards to make up for the lack of effort . . . Now those who rise up stand out even more
Calendar of Events May 2012: Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge and ...
Listen to my HeartBeat
I called u cause I made pancakes eggs and bacon
Is it your birthday?!!
I saw the tweets coming in and that was enough for me. "I shouldn't have showered with those kids." No kidding.
Really not liking that im home by myself -__-
call tmrw am?
Ha. Just stating the facts. BTW, it's pouring in Baltimore so you may get your doubleheader wish after all.
"Goals affect outcomes." Glenn Hughes,
'Listening to 'Up All Night' makes me feel SO LALALALALA MAKES ME FEEL GOOD'
Haha. Terrible ": 50 question math exam done in 20 mins.. Sketchy . I either did really well or failed embarrassingly lol"
HUGE thanks to Munsch, Hardt, Kopf & HARR attorneys and councelors for providing pro bono legal advice to the Homeless Coach!
and thank you! I've been doing some more strategy teaching like: scan for words with sounds prior to reading, High freq wrds
wait! Erock...That's your kitchen?! How come we shop at the same petsmart? Lol
... **LIKE** number 900 will receive dinner for two from Cantina Laredo Penn Square Mall! Tell all your Facebook Friends!
Had an unexpected second interview today over coffee at #PaneraBread. They really like me!!
RT : Thanks for the welcome note. So much to absorb - I have to figure out how to budget my time on here!
Going to NY. Dinner with India's Consul General. And witnessing my friend Ritesh;s wedding
If youare giving up Big Ben and Battle for Brady - I could get behind that. Wouldn't quit on Mendy
PLEASE FOLLOW ME PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASEPLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE<33333
Thanks for the Tweet! I was homeschooled, too. All 12 years.
if you say the word "douche" fast and repetitively, it will sound like the beat of a techno song :)
Thanks for the RT and you're welcome!
Oh yes, lil pecan, oh yes oh yes oh yes. But then where would that leave me, What would be left for me to wish for?
LP Thursday! New records on the play list, try the new 2008 Mysterium blend from CA, and limited release of 19th B-Day Suit Sour Cherry Ale.
I STILL CANT FUCKING BELIEVE THAT GIRL JUST TOLD NIALL TO "GO AWAY" LIKE WHAT THE FUCK IS HER PROBLEM I WOULD BE BLESSED TO ME ANY OF THEM.
bc I like the idea. I would love to eat some drive through cookies and milk, but its unrealistic.
Rehearsal today club tomorrow night game saturday show Saturday night bz bz bz !!!
Naw, don't think we'd clash. I shoot from the hip when I am face-to-face--don't even realize where things I say come from!
"Board the windows.... Try to hide.... They're coming." From The Stranger in the movie, "30 Days Of Night".
Not even paying attention to what the College Gameday are saying
thanks :D
. very excited about the P&F shows in march. not so excited about the hack job on site/ticketing.
happens to the best of us
Thanks to Facebook I now know what everyones bathroom looks like. One mirror at a time lol >^.^<
man u r so dope like for real I know this song is going to be the #dopeness appreciate the opportunity
On my way to a VOICE Buffalo fundraiser. VOICE is a congregation-based organizing group which 1199 recently joined
Happy St Pattys Day!
Esperado a ! lol, don't think I speak spanish or sth.! Just a lil bit.. I learn it in school! ;D
Jem is coming back to TV!! Countdown till May 28th :)
Don't mess with She will get you back
when/where?
Fanboy!!! :-) I was actually referring to Jim but it works for you too :-)))
Thank you for being in my life drama free people!! been attracting that good energy lately love it!!
Nothin' but love, regardless of the crazy. It's about the music. AND welcome to Matt and Rob!
#oomf is a hottie and I can't tell u.
I'm off to join the social network world!!!! It's scary but I can't wait. <U+E057>
Do agents still get paid even if the player is suspended?
The best Happy Hours are on Fridays!
Can't wait till tomorrow night!! we're gonna rock Alex's in Long Beach..... who's coming with us?!?!
#Van, thanks for layin' down the tune #intothemystic , relaxes the dna. cheers. May someone return the favor to ur ears.
1234 how's it going
Ha. It his Dad! “: Fox Sports just showed a fan that looked exactly like Pat Hill.”
If I buy something from you, will you stop running your ANNOYING ads? Im talking to u & ESPECIALLY U
i don't even wanna know! but i can't wait for the next episode! I went back and re-watched the last 2 episodes cuz it's so good!
Streaming EP repeatedly while working on business mgmt and business law papers. You're jealous we know ;)
Stop by Diva tonight for the game!!8:30p (Paraguay vs Venesuella)
don't mess with DR!
McDonald's AA drinking game: drink every time they say Kentucky or John Calipari.
more than you and with only a little more than a year in the biz.
Uhoh. I'm out of coffee.
~Let's get your account verified!
asked Keits about it actually. It's a thought but right now ufgt Is the place to be for it :)
Ann rocks!! Good luck today Ann, in a few short hours you'll be done!!!!
Humiliated in their own court! #HEATNATION #HEATWIN !!!!
Summa yall need to GO TO WORK!!!!!! FA REAL
When people try and talk to your soon to be boyfriend just cause they don't like you. <<<<<
Laughed so hard re: D. Summer. Closest we came in our death pool was RuPaul :( Aretha was much better.
I still haven't given up yet!! So how's your art sketch mine looks good so far but I haven't colored it yet so we'll see!
thanks for the follow! Coffee?
Walmart: because going to Target requires a shower.
hi, i hope u smile today =D
I'm on the Orbis plan now.
GoTo has bad quality and unsecure audio.. I could demo webex for you, but it seems like you'd be better off with globalmeet
that's sort of scary well just answer and say I like apples better
Have a wonderful weekend!
OMFG IM DEAD! I can't breathe. Someone call 911. Did ya'll see his pelvic thrusts? omg omg omg
It's time to shake it up, #Milwaukee. Today, you can Defeat the Wheat! No upcharge on #GlutenFree food. 2-4-1 New Grist beer.
Ah its the first day of spring!!
Everybody thinks you should be happy just because you're young. They don't see the wars that we fight every single day.
Arod been a chose artist Tigers baby told yall lol we c them Rangers next
I don't like guys that disrespects a girl. My job is to go comfort her and make her feel better. Just to see her smile is the one thing.
About to set up my desktop outside to enjoy the weather. If you see a guy with dual monitors sitting along Wilson Blvd you know it happened.
lol me too!
one book down in under 24 hours, two to go. #hungergames #hungryformore #PUNNY and my stomach just growled.
I hate condoms, but I hate kids more. STRAP UP !
At Charlies without cause he's a loser
case number 7138... why is this taking so long
#Shaqisasusefulas a prude hooker.
thanks for the great sticks for our drummer Shawn Duncan!
I think it is :(
thanks to for dropping by with Cupcakes today. y'all know how to make yourselves popular around here on
i've approved your mailing list post and responded
my birthday is tomorrow !!!!
- A huge plus right there. Kenny Rogers, , Avetts, etc etc etc etc. Someday, maybe. :)
u ain't let us kno...
Making mistakes is a natural part of progress. RT : Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new
But now I have a huge bruise on my hand. :(
#FLYERS WIN IN OVERTIME!!
What would make my night? A tweet from <3 that's all i ask.
I feel as if I should read a detailed manual next time :) I will not give up though!
It's going to be in the 90's tomorrow. Ridiculous - how am I supposed to be camera ready if I'm melting!
Trying to party FREE in DC Sunday | Text LuxSundays to 74455
AMEN! RT: I'm ready for February!
Yes this fan will cheer for the this game, but it's all so I can have the Super Bowl I want to see
It seems that my body rejects sleep and caffeine.
had a ball performing at Wilmette Theater on Monday...sound was very lush for the naughty 50's jazz that we were making;)
Fresh off.. Sore then a bitch!
Yeah, there was that too. Display went a little haywire.
Hmm like 10? That's what time I went last year, what time were you thinking?
people who dont know that story might get the wrong idea...haha
RT : Newsie is my new favorite app. I've been looking for a solid Google Reader app...
It's not like Tom Barrett has got time to traipse around the country raising money. Only a jackass would blow off his job & do *that.*
Found pretty good seats for only $262each for the 1D concert! Hopefully my sis agrees with me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
Your new nickname is mister fister RT have you guys ever wondered how I came up with doctor nice eyes?
FiM in Netflix!!!!!
jtfo they got a hole in them, thought I was the black night in bed with my girl...still clean.
Starbucks white chocolate mocha. M M good
hmm I mean that was kind of easy for Marlo but what are you going to do I guess. Hope she is not back though
2012 Resolution #2: Create a budget, geez!
No one really knows about her?? I guess no one in the kid's 5th grade class...
Used to mix Kessler and Sparks. Called it Ass Pixies. The diarrhea was magical.
I love when my dad calls me kiddo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
#MU doin there thing so far against Wisconsin ... got get this W though.
Good News! Itll be free!! Tell your friends!
#prayforLewisMighty Young boy dying of cancer, who's wish was to trend on twitter. Make it happen <3
Headed to Chinatown for some excellent dumplings with M.
I sent you them
Yup. Got our yesterday and delivered it right to the recycle bin. What a waste!
": um no" so you're not a millionaire playboy airplane maker?
xD lmao! yet... he got injured a little while ago lol
Just got in ima catch some z 's -_-
going to see chevel tonight? take me back a few years!
man that's crazy, glad I don't know dude
RT : Damn it Twitter, i'm sleepy but i can't put this phone down!!! ««
wazzz up? Smokin like a wild fire
Happy cinco de mayo
This nigga still talkin bout "I Heard This & That"
By now everyone knows that is closing, but NONE OF YOU MOTHERFUCKERS WILL CRY THE WAY I WILL.
Thinking about Law School? Meet Rep tomorrow,Sept.20,at CP LawFair,12-3pm,Grand Ballroom, Stamp Student Union
Thank you! xo
Segway? Or short-term? There's no Segway parking at MSP.
happy wkend Loving our mild NYC winter!
Opening: Pina (in 2D), Pariah, Black History Month Film Festival Continuing: Oscar shorts, The Descendants, The Artist
RT : Stop by the Visitors Center tonight. Notaviva Vineyards is offering tastings.
Why do people beat their clocks?To kill time.
Mya Hatchette knew when she lied to Federal Court in Pensacola saying my case was "employment discrimination law" that is real property case
Thanks for the follow, and the good beer selection.
Good morning! RT : Good morning! Xo
13th audition of the week on Friday...lucky 13! Hopefully that means a booking is just around the corner!
What are you doing with your 3-day weekend and how's that cute puppy of yours?!
IF I WAS BARON DAVIS I WOULD OF BEEN SCREAMIN LIKE A LIL FUCKIN BITCH RIGHT NOW…DAMN SMH
I am familiar w/ potatoes. And Idaho. That's...fun? Maybe not as fun as Kentucky though.
What a crazy house party last night. You missed a great one,
Whoa! Justified!
Hi our paper picks up spotters like Christian who notice your article. He's referenced only as a spotter not the author.
In NYC for #SocialMedia Marketing 2011? Say Hello to 's She's speaking on “B2B Social Media Marketing"
good idea. Maybe I'll just steal his lunch money..
I'm going to warn you that the MLB2k series is notoriously buggy. I have like 3 of them.
So sososo hungry
Get on #nogpong right now, and play to support a charity! nogpong.com
with your favorite teacher Mr. Smith :')
Love cum a dime of s dozen.....good luck
I LOVE YOU TOO (;
Finally in Jacksonville for the World Poker Tour! Starting to feel like its the "Third World Poker Tour". Time to eat with
I'd like to hear some ideas for events at the shop from the community, any creative ways to entertain ourselves?
Went & got a massage. While rubbing my back she popped my zits, then after Rubbing her front I popped my cork on her tits...
In his 17 seasons as a forward with the NHL’s Pittsburgh Penguins, Mario Lemieux scored 690 goals and had 1,033 assists.
sure. send me an email to
Me too. RT I thought John Edwards already ruined the sanctity of marriage in North Carolina.
So great finally meeting LA Housewife who looked gorg in her dress !
well I never been to England but I kinda like the Beatles
What breaks the power of sin? A knowledge of righteousness! Grace breaks the dominion of sin over our lives! 1 Corinth. 15:34 / Rom 6:14
Drove for the second time today :) I feel like Louis.
1963- American officers were accompanying Vietnamese soldiers into combat
You are most kind. I am honored. Thank you
I think every food place shhalllll delivverrrr. Were all too lazy.
There used to be a house there. Old guy lived there by himself; retired balloon salesman...
Bad dream but im in a good mood .
Text "CELL" to 313131 now to get monthly updates on the latest phones and FREE stuff from your Denver Boost/Virgin Mobile!
Early CCP policies were enacted by a new govt fighting to hold power. Ask Native Americans abt early US policies.
RAWEST RAPPER EVER. BASED GOD.
Sacha Baron Cohen is not funny.
No problem - I forget things too lol.
Ouch.. RT : ohh good comeback loser -_- get the fuck out of here
had a fun time at paranormal activity! work tommorow : (
So happy to be back in the studio with GRule
Come hang with us! Auld Irisher in Orange, 9pm;)
Christina needs pants
old school rock and roll rules
Oh man, this is going to be a long night
My goal is 100
Rico... This still doesn't make up for the world cup....
Why Search? Just Twittitt!" Google Powered - Twitter Inspired DM to be Twitter Of The Day!
and the poor will use the text as a heat source. Given its length, should last 5-7 minutes. For that, we can be thankful?
working on two new reviews for Friday. "Beginners" with Ewan McGregor, Christopher Plummer, Melanie Laurent. Also "Larry Crowne"...
I'm praying for & this morning. I'm so proud of all of them!
Happy 20th (again!) RT Thanks, ladies, for a Really Excellent Day.
Chillin' home. Everyone have a good day?
Ah got it - different computer.
no problem, I'm following you and wish you lots of happiness and success. Any way I can assist you, let me know :)
So disappointed in the people of NC. Just because you believe your way of life is the only way to live doesn't mean you're right.
RT Boys are like Ants,,They take a piece of something and walk away</3
...you sticking around to see the Insight Bowl? Boomer!
Don't you want a sparkling white smile when you open up all your gifts on Saturday?! We can help! www.kravitzdental.com
That fight today at school jst made my day though.. i think im good for a minute
Love seating in players wives section!
A golfer has one advantage over a fisherman - he doesn't have to produce anything to prove his story.
They say he [Thales] found the seasons of the year and he cut up the year into 365 days. D. L. 1.27, DK A1
The past. It'll always come back to bite you.
A friend is someone who understands ur past. Believes in ur future and accepts the person you are today.
Great win for the U.S. women today. Take care of business in the World Cup Final.
There's a few things I should be doing right now but there's not a lot I WANT to do right now. Feeling a bit blah. Probably the sugar crash.
loser. That's twice in a row
Clear eyes, full hearts, can't lose. Why didn't I watch this when it was really on? Loving #netflix right now!
A person has a choice to either be in your life or out of it. Choose one.
Completely! It's a mystery of life. How is it SO much harder to find something in a small purse?
Ball coming down does not cut it. I have been in tournaments where I actually indentified ball then it got taken & got penalized!
Seriously just sitting here replaying ' be mine ' By and
Joyce and I walk in the middle of the street like pure badasses.
Sephora discontinuing Vincent Longo makeup. All remaining merchandise now 75% off.
“Too many things are occurring for even a big heart to hold.” <U+2015> W.B. Yeats
Don't continue to go after some one whoses not going to treat you the way you should be treated ...
The shoes were amazing. You are very talented.
it's arlyn, but my iPhone thought it would be kool to autocorrect
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ~John Wooden
#NeverTrustAGuyWho tells you want you want to hear. Trust those that tell you the truth even when it hurts or makes you work harder.
Whoa which one?
I don't like getting jealous...
#bbworld11 Mobile Central- Bb Mobile Portal
SAYING ANYTHING RATCHET!!
I specialize in communications and am volunteering with the event--not sure what comittee I'm on yet. Are you helping out?
Car vs. pedestrian accident at 83rd and Greenwood, and that's 's helicopter overhead. No word on extent of injuries.
hey babe! Yes, I will. (: can't wait to see you #missyou hey. you need to text me because I have to ask you a question.
I don't have time to play these stupid games.
So fun and creative. Thanks for sharing :)
AMAZING new fashion company, join the fashion revolution www.velvetbrigade.com
We used to watch the WB NETWORK all the time but since The CW took over, I dont think we have watched CW once.
Hey Bonnie! Happy #FF the 13th! :-)
For fantastic advice on how to market your coaching/training biz, #FF ! Seriously, you'll learn something useful today!
i just hate people! Haha x
Came back from school :D 3 more tests to go -.-
All smiles
GM Tweeties, up early enthused about reaching my goals believing God that with Him we're going to make it happen! Have a successful day!
No more drama.
So true RT : That awkward moment when you see someone you know but neither of you can remember how or why.
mr. nice guy
Thanks yo! RT : Iced americano at + in the background + gorgeous day outside = beautiful morning!
Took some time today to study the cats I consider great. Moving with conviction
thanks George
Blues drop 1st game 8-3. Still alive, need to score a lot more points next game.
false sir
I'm in p.e. bored :c
More vol. and SUNB could break out
The site isn't working right now.
In one of those moods.
aw thanks sweetie :)
Something tells me the Bills didn't cut or trade you.
My 3rd cylinder is misfiring #ThatShitGay carpooling to work though :)
I saw lower level tix on Stubhub earlier today for $4. Pretty sad.
Hi Rebecca, what application has 'open tweet' option in the tool bar? I've looked for it in Twitter & Tweetdeck w no success. (:
idk who you are.
I wish I could say im happy but thats a negative
I am so thirsty; where is my coffee?!
D sorry, fat fingers....i work at 10news, can you tell me more about your truck ?????
#Brewers kicking ass. Cubs are the worst.
come over ... You drive or me?
I guess im now apart of the Blue Angels travel ball team.
Poised Creation has heard your requests, we want to bring you music the way you want it!!!
Massage can promote tissue regeneration, reducing scar tissue and stretch marks
Obtain a home loan with as little as a 500 credit score! Contact me today!!!
Love is a fruit in season at all times, and within reach of every hand. Mother Teresa
And youll add my name to your long list of traditors who dont understand.
Russell Westbrook transformed his NBA-issued Thunder workout tee into a v-neck. Interesting.
In town for the ?? Come check ! We are 7 minutes from McCormick Place! Best Italian in the City!!
Now we gon do this thing alittle different tonight !
Forgetting your headphones and having to listen to the loud, obnoxious kids on your bus at 7 in the morning <<<<<
damn i want that
Moving to Vegas next year I told you id pay you a million bucks to visit all my houses around the world Im not giving you $100
I just finished a 1.36 mi run with a pace of 8'28"/mi with Nike+ GPS.
Decorating for Christmas w/o was NO FUN! SO wish we could ALL b together!
If someone acts like they know it all but need advice and scoffs at your insight... Don't help them.
Basketball game today (: wish me good luck(:
i have sand in my socks, lmfao.
Sometimes I wonder how some of these retards got into college in the first place
#imsofuckedup I let someone named KAI take me home
Lol, hey I hear that. *Cheers*
I almost sent out the SWAT team this morning for cause he was lost and i couldn't find him.
Is Dreamhost a real colo slice? If so, you probably want to shell login and check how much memory/CPU is in use
Watching finale of #Chuck ...Hope I don't cry:( Gonna miss
that's similar to case study, good starting point. The diff is U do not make sweeping generalizations
If I was a Miami Heat fan I wouldn't get excited until the Heat had a 10 pt lead with a minute left in the game
You wouldn't have hid. You would have been too busy laughing at me.
well u betta fit us nto anotha tweet hell
Life is an empty canvas, and ultimately consists of what we paint it with. -Me :)
Got an I pod touch XD
No one HAS to care. people, including parents care because the want too.
Yeah past.
did you know May is national Bike Month?
(AP) -- Betty White says her plans for her upcoming 90th birthday might include "a little vodka on the rocks
So come on out and visit! Miss you!
then perhaps partner with the CA to share the prize. It's a thought.
Thanks for the RT. How about a follow?
I feel like Nilla Wafers are making a comeback. Anyone else?
Advice &amp; Consent
hi! i want a copy of first aid kit's newest! i also just wanted to say hi :)
MT George Clinton type funk! RT : Luv dirty wines #cotesdurhone always fits the bill, yummy & cheap too!
i already did im exicted about it
wow! Congratulations! What an exciting day for u!!!
hey this is hey Hun I'm teething from my bands page follow us =)
i think that still means it's vegan
There are three ingredients in the good life: learning, earning and yearning!
Sad to hear the news about JoePa.
Vote for your fav restaurant; ballot enters you into a SD HOME GARDEN FACEBOOK drawing for $100 gift certificates
Someone do something with me tonight and get me out of this house. I've been home for two minutes and I want to murder my mother
morning sunny world! out to soak in some rays.. :)
lol! I wasn't talking about you.. Your tweet just gave me an idea :b
omg I think I'm goin sky diving this summer!! Lol
Never seen a man cry until I saw a man die.
Fully-Featured Wedding Websites by iWedPress, Try It Now
Save room for the key lime pie!
Is there some kind of award for world's worst mother-in-law?
Purdue girls just weigh more than IU girls.
“ It's ironic that in life, the person that brings out the best in you and makes you strong is actually your weakness”
So how many of you left Kenny Britt on the bench last week and started him for a whopping 0 points this week??? FailFL it!!!
Thank you #bisg, speakers and sponsors for a really great #mip12 program! Loved it!
I don't think she'll ever go on TinyChat again lol
if I do, it will be females only. If not then I just cringe ...
How are you tonight, Ken? Did you see "The Avengers" Movie yet? I plan on seeing it.
Hi Miami! Mets fans at 125St.HQ would love to learn if attendance at final celler-dwelling #Marlins game of MLB season reaches 5 figures :)
Thank you for the RT!
Try to lend a hand to someone that needs it today. No matter how small or how large, any help will give someone else hope!
are there any JB AMEX card specials in effect? Traveling this wknd :)
Your interview is up on our page also we added your video Save Our Souls in our video section =]
Miraval...a life in balance. Here I come. Have wanted to go for 10 years! BalanceActLady is exited! No make up! Don't intent to leave!
love you too. you did great singing. glad you're better though!!
Like real hard I'm thinking like let me go upstairs I don't need my bd tripping on me blood lol
#SomeonwIwantToMeet because he is AMAZING!!!! Hilarious, and original :) and because I love him!
exclaims, the carnivore..
Please don't go.:/
A guy has a jersey on with the name on the back as "BIG DEAL". You gotta be kidding
We had bear sausage at Easter. Had I known, I'd have brought you some with a cert. of authenticity from the hunter.
lol i hate u, i'm tryin to change my ways ok! :(
He just left for work. Time to go back to sleep
love it when they cut to the Tigers dugout and you can tell Leland is thirsting for a cig so bad tbh
People who put Y.O.L.O after everything. Eating some cereal!!! Y.O.L.O, Getting in the car!!! Y.O.L.O, Taking a dump! Y.O.L.O lol
my pleasure... have been very curious to see how it's received by other foundations
My parents are blessed that I'm a teenager who stays home&tweets her idols. I could be doing drugs, getting drunk or high. Stop complaining.
OH: it's not often I go to breakfast and not drink alcohol
look what we can do.
Happiness is not having what you want, but wanting what you have. ~Rabbi H. Schachtel
Don't over think your moves, just flow with it.
tweet tweet!! The International Indoor Soccer Arena is now on twitter!!
Okay...AZ strikes again...touchdown run and the two-pointer is incomplete....41-29....12 point lead...they need two touchdowns now
Smart phones=working on vacation.
lol - how/where does alan alda fit in? ;-p
Huh back to this shit -_-
love your playlist
Peanutbutter & jelly are too highly priced
up All Night c;
Wish I could join you. It started raining here.
This is the first day since who knows when that the core FOGs are taking a much needed day off.
I had a similar thought about you while listening to you sing Starships. But not Beyonce, Rihanna.
The key is to stay yourself .
$5 drink $10 tip. He was beautiful so its ok.
Why do people put tape on envelopes? Opening them is like trying to break into Fort Knox.
YES! Is he still on city council?
we would love to have you in! Call 402-714-3888:)
"There's more culture on this corner (Magzine St, New Orleans) than in the entire city of Charlotte combined!
Haha, I was just there.
On a boat mother fucker
Today was so depressing and upsetting. I wanted to cry so badly.
yeah you better love me. Not everybody would carry your unconscious body into their house in the middle of the night -_-
#NOT RT You can easily manipulate a #Sagittarius with compliments and sweet words.
Only you would notice that. :P
for as frustrating as Peprah was in loss to NYG, must remember that he was a starter & solid player in #Packers XLV run.
Millions of hot women use vibrators, while frustrated men start wars. Just bad distribution of resources.
I think is spot on regarding Ovi.
your face nicholas. Your face. Oh I needa talk to you.
Retail in NYC is hot RT : Best Buy not closing any NYC stores...their nyc landlords are probably disappointed by the news !
#ThatMomentWhen YOU JUST CAN'T STAND YOUR PARENTS !!
Be careful what you wear to bed at night, you never know who you'll meet in your dreams :)
“Money is only a tool. It will take you wherever you wish, but it will not replace you as the driver” – Ayn Rand
Phone will prolly be off all weekend w the plans I got.
no me gusta.
So many tissues will be needed
RT Prostitutes in Spain have to wear reflective vests (like highway workers) to reduce traffic accidents!
I now accept the fact that women are going to wear PJ's, bathrobes and Uggs in Starbucks...I'm going to start showering there.
Happy late v-day.
I'm a goner
i hate how people rumor and gossip and make a huge deal about something that was nothing gosh i hate drama!
I wanna thank you for being here for me!Im crying my eyes out!Now i really do feel ugly!/;
We're officially hungry. Bring on the grilled cheese coma...this list is delicious!
1958: Superstar performer/ businesswoman Madonna born today; 1977: came to #NYC. Often ranked as a top artist of all time
ahh i love that movie!
First time in the history of the world that the words "smile" and "surgery center' were used in the same breath
The Prominent Silver Jewelry | Home And Family Style
Two new blog postings! and I am in no way encouraging anyone to click on the ads on my blog. that would violate terms and agreements
I'm remixing black and yellow and turnin into pink in purple becus that is how I roll
@ how'bout them #nuggets?
thankfully those teens were charged in the burning of that boy (well obviously) but seriously what is going on with people? disgusting.
finished Buddenbrooks. 19th century German bourgeoisie, you been told.
What'd you end up getting and how was it?!
Pittsburgh freelancers, have you checked out the in East Liberty yet? Looks like a great work space.
Lolololol I'm 27 with no kid RT : im juiced got to buy tickets are you going?
Though, seriously, after all the self destructive things I've done, I'm surprised I'm still alive.
If you're going to tweet about what someone is WEARING at least spell things right and try not to sound dumb
Happy Day to , Jay Klauminzer and people all over the world that like Flags.
When gives you dirty looks and throws candy at you >:l
Love the pants J-P!!
Boss bitches dont need a nigga dey just want him>>
album is SO GOD! :D Will be my summer CD for sure! Buy their album, it just came out today!
New Natural History Museum of Utah verdict - best NHM in years mainly because of the stunning collection on view.
Actually the most shocking to me about The Crying Game was seeing a young Jim Broadbent.
Nice work, Karima. I read through a few poems and like your style.
Sure, I'm game - email me the details :)
Gov't Data & The Invisible Hand by Harlan Yu
Partys rocking with going till noon. If ur not in ur out!
I'd go with #Vols RE:: Is there a hash tag for Knoxville?
Prayer should never become a mindless activity
I'd like to see a futurist novel set to this idea.
A myth is a religion in which no one any longer believes.
what's up twitter?
“: It's like I know what I'm going to delete before I even type it.”
5 question bonus quiz? Not mad about it!
On desk for the last hour: helped find Wright bros. books, hold on Hunger Games, hold on Bailey School Kids...
Lmfaoooooooooo <3333 RT : I can't believe what you did today I was so ashamed omg hahaha
well shes in enrichment so it dont matter.
S/O to for always making me laugh
happy 1yr & 1month anniversery to me and my everything :-*
That was the first time I tried it and it's been my only cooking blunder to date! Don't hate! Eat a plate! Lol I rhyme :)
A great slam!!! Excited for verselandia next week!!
Hi Topher - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too!
RT : #WeWontWorkOutIf you're a Republican.... .just kidding!...sort of !:)
#High is an amazing video by and !!
Somebody's a Debbie downer. Live in the moment, Rick! “: Second day of tech. Ugh. Can't wait to just do the show.”
Lemme see you put your hearts up Yeah! <3 <3
We had a power play?
RT : Event Reminder: Wednesday March 7 SAG and AFTRA informational meeting in Los Angeles. Get the details here:...
I met him a couple times:p
Failing or Taking Flight......My chances 50/50
lol of course I should of known.. Ur everyone's favorite duh ;)
HOT TIP: "GEOLOCATE" is a killer feature that can be used for all sorts of non-weather related applications. Enjoy.
Hey bro, what's up?
#DemandMore I'm a huge fan of
Leaders who win the respect of others are the ones who deliver more than they promise, not the ones who promise more than they c
Wearing flats today because I'm still terribly sore from Wed's workout.
The are a mock Oscar Awards granted to the worst films/actors, etc. of the year.
sorry. Atleast your at home in a bath. I'm stuck at work cuz the wife has my car.
Getting on the plane now heading to san diego
Thanks for the follow... nice ink work!
uh oh...you may just have jinxed it!!!! Aaaahhhhhh!!
Ill be attending the Mid Palmer Park Neighborhood Asso. meeting tomorrow morning, Saturday 9:30am, Northeast Bible Chapel 1722 McArthur.
Got another important meeting today Y'all can't wait God is Good :))
I wish I had Jason Terry's pull-up
RT George Harrison >>> Ryan Ross.
Jury is in for the first time today. #Huguely defense medical witness is restricted in testimony by judge.
Tweetaholic last night
Lunch crowd has been getting good reviews! Thanks for everyone's support! Please come in and tell us what you think
No Prob! :) Thnx For Following Back. :)
omg the new spider-man movie looks like its gonna be amazing! but I'm gonna miss tobey mcguire,kirsten dunst, and james franco though.
Burning steam at the ARC after a ridiculous Laker loss.
BREAKFAST AT MY HOUSE
I am older than you by almost a year and a half!
Country Boy (You Got Your Feet In L.A) - Glen Campbell.
I will use you in the future.. As you do some great work!
was nice meeting you at the event at the Ritz-try out sometime (I think your readers would like it
why the hell is my internet so damn slow?! Wtf.
Mr. Oxendine- I would love to set up a time for you to come to Clayton County and the City of Morrow in particular and participate in our
Pretty sure the only reason it hasn't been called yet is they haven't determined what to do when they call it.
Time to rally behind #Romney! Let's band together and defeat Obama!
Had fun this weekend visiting my Grandparents and Aunt Kelly in Springhill.
Just bought a pair of slacks from the Elvis Presley "Love Me Tender" collection. My hips feel strange.
i like how your just jealous cause has a boyfriend and you dont. just please...oh please ! QUIT COMPLAINING !!!
anyone have a pic of Rondo from this game?
your alter ego is a drunken slut. Shut up.
Monday I have test!!... what EVER!!! LOOL
I guess I missed the Minaj bus...bored.
Is Tai Chi supposed to make you frustrated? I don't think so. Why is learning these "relaxing moves" making me uptight???
And the LORD said unto Cain, Why art thou wroth? and why is thy countenance fallen?
Solomon said it is all ashes in the wind. It all passes away, so what do we have in the end; nothing but
I was up first. I already got the worm.
our tchrs r good, our kids r smart. The big wigs changed the way they graded FCAT this year & scores fell. Not teaching prob 2/2
Unlimited enthusiasm means not giving up?
Thank you! Really wishing I was there, but on the bright side, getting the orders out from L.A. + Atlanta, so there's that:)
I used to dream of saying, "But Dad- mom said I could" yes- DAD. Mom SAID schindler's list is a great movie for a 2nd grader to watch.
talk me to in the morning ..
I fuck like a champ.
I'm not a frequent txter so whats dm?? :p
Thanks for the follow Julie! Get ready for an awesome weekend!
there are quite a few! We have some big things hopefully happening here very soon!
To the person who dropped off 2 free tickets at the box office for very good seats at tonight's Yale hockey game: muchos gracias.
Good luck to the folks running the #ROC Flower City 1/2 tomorrow morning. Especially KL who did 24 today.
It's a beautiful day, #lakeview, stop in for a fruit soda and a hot sandwich
This is exactly what I've been saying all month RT : I just need some good news.
first internship interview tomorrow Dx
When you are lying in bed, almost asleep and your leg jerks it is called hypnagogic myoclonus
Damn!! I'm out of town till Tuesday. I will, however be in NY in May :)
Could you send me your rates please
#whatihatemostaboutpeople is when they act COMPLETELY different on the internet then in person
I'm sorry! RT: #awake. No sleep today for the giant.
Because you'd like the government to redistribute that money?
Me and just whopped on in some showtime.
Pure fear has no reason to scare you with shock and awe. It works you from the inside, where there is only silence.
*throws on Sam Perkins authentic*
R.I.P my cousin Manny Wilson <\3
I wanna go outside and tan today. Guess what? There's no sun.
I hope I have a good 2012.
Each day I am reminded more and more why having a home outside a home owners association is they only way to go
Stumble on Pinot tasting party at Sokol Blosser. Yummy!
aw! Thanks girl :)
Smokin on that good......
Ready, set #kbis! Great new looks at cambria
so he got really pissed off and then broke up with me! :'(
You're surrounded by uncomplicated, apparent solutions that can dramatically boost your earnings, power, influence and success.
Great deals during NFL tonight. 11$ pitchers of Miller Lite and 3.50 drafts. 4.50 for a pint of Dale's Pale Ale.
NO I DON'T!
is my nigga yo , real rap .
PSA: if you call yourself a blood throwin up a "b" in your eye on that old jim jones scope shit, go get some leggings & lime green uggs. NH
Avengers was possibly the best movie ever, and just sayin I would so love to be the hulk wrecking the whole place!!
do you know what time the undercard starts on facebook
“: Omg omg twilight is coming out soon omg omg I'm losing my freakin mind omg omg lol but not really #ihatetwilight” //LOL!!
I called the grand slam with my daughter & neighbors said mark it a grand slam rookie! And he does it for me!!! What a shot!
you're seriously pissing me off, i can't take this
Come in for $2 hot dogs, $3 bottles of Louies and cans of Damsel during all Brewers games!
Am over here
Jeff Van Gundy "I would use numbers to my advantage, if they weren't, I just made them up. The players didn't know the difference." Classic.
not reviewable and the whole ball has to come out. Only half did.
- It's most definitely real. The reporter (cough, cough, ) is proud of it. Check her timeline. Embarassing.
"Forgiveness means that I give up my right to hate U for hurting me." ~ Jack Graham
LOL.....but when you get to your destination you will remember the struggle.....and it will keep you humble. :)
Come enjoy the Pacific NW. Our property is a convenient starting point for either a day trip the Columbia River Gorge or Mt. St. Helens.
OH on Philly radio on the way to the bus depot? Spot for new book Best Friends Forever
I hope they have composting toilets at the very least.
ONE DIRECTION TONIGHT!!!!! i guess big time rush will be there too....
Off to the field today with a targeted workout! If your in metro #Detroit and need a jump start follow a great personal trainer.
love it! And love working with you
In what world is a corporation a person but gays...not?
ESPN needs to start broadcasting winter league baseball during the NBA lockout.
Store flammable and dangerous products away in a safe place with a lock. (That's a great tip)
Want a copy of the book?
chris hope to see you later
Fun fact: the chances of you getting a sword decrease dramatically when you tweet us at 10:30 pm on our way home.
Crushes on straight men. -_________-
good morning sir
It's unbelievable how much has changed in a week
movie night at Joel's tonight! 7:30. You should come. I think we're watching Moneyball or Midnight in Paris.
RT All things are possible to he who has faith in himself, he who believes in his own abilities shall achieve.
this will only be my 3rd summer... by far my favorite type of vball tho!
Just walked across the stage. It's an amazing feeling!!!!!
hot dogs are pretty good...lol
ssi and welfare is getting cut in CA.
hotel beach party this weekend? i think so
Work off...FLORIDA ON!!!
AL GORE overdoses on GAS X in his futile attempt to cut the ENORMOUS amount of TOXIC HOT AIR he's producing.
my mom is so embarrassing. She waits by the door when I go to the bus stop...
Join our us coast guard pool on espn: group name: MAT Life Password: davidisgod
girl it's easy af to wand hair lol
I'm off :D
RT : I'm entering the Body By Vi Challenge after losing 40 lbs in 90 days. Are u ready 2 be ur own CHAMPION?
Always fun to send emails and here his inbox ping repeatedly.
Thinking hard about the meaning of mordants in the 16-18th c printing cycle. Yes anachronistic, but still important to work out.
should have hung around longer.. Then all my sentences sound like one word.. AWESOME.
it's been a while since a good ole #motn... Rebelution - "Good Vibes"
At rick ross bday event..... Every body is in here... Frm ne-yo to diddy to wiz to...... RICK ROSS IS shutting it down! :)
There's no speeding in the trudging zone.
Red John killed by Patrick Jane? I don't believe it. No way!!!
Ah, what a shame that I missed that! :-(
Re-reading book. "Success occurs when preparedness meets opportunity."
Reader: You're doing it wrong. Me: No, you are. Or at least, that's what I hear in my head.
singing #AngelsAndGentlemen in class while everyone else talks. Helps me focus :p
Patron party tonite its the weekend #cablegang new video (indian) coming soon
Wait, let's think about this. "roll roll ya sniff twist it at the end" could go viral as a catch phrase.
This is what a sports medicine doctor likes to see..a good competitive injury free game of football. Go Dolphins!
Final class tomorrow. Two papers to knock out this weekend. Then done forever.
#RT if you from the west
love your show!
I'm going <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00BF> tomarrow!! Haha can't wait baker just got 7" of fresh powder!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
In the club doing spanish
YouTube is my life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Excellence is not something you do; it is something you become.
yea,savannah?yea a long time ago.lmao
Does this mean Mainsail Art Festival in St Pete will be cancelled tomorrow? Bummer.
If you tweet about being on Community tonight, you can win a Time Hoodie? What is a Time Hoodie?
#FF a unique LA based mag produced in digital and printed formats. Perhaps a collaboration is in our future.
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet.
french is such a pretty language :3
The more you know about anything, the more creative you are about everything! DM
wow can i have him back plz :(
I KNEW #MAYWEATHER WAS GOING TO WIN
Watching it to": Watching House an thought of "
break a leg tomorrow, elmore,
happy birthday nicholas cage
amen couldn't miss him less!
Seeking: Database Developer/Administrator for NYC trading firm, Assist with selection of proper database technologies for company, and inst…
Donovan McNabb. Football player.
Witch is better Facebook or tweeter
What happens in Vegas...
nah , we're getting a lot of good hoppers from different schools . From the looks of it , it's gonna be a good season .
Remember, alcohol and/or drug abuse is involved in about 90% of campus crime.
Since when do I have more than 1000 tweets omg
Normally this time of every year I'm hanging out in DC, but decided to pass on it this year. Money over pleasure.
no, she's going back to Guatemala tomorrow Everybody said their final good-bye's today.
Christmas party
Off-hours, it's not so bad. But otherwise: still I-95!!
yes, rackspace is definitely down again. down time by rackspace...
Want to try the new #LUNAFiber bars, especially the Peanut Butter Strawberry flavor. Sound great, but need more protein/less sugar.
You are the best!
At U of T, they created "modules" relating to crit thinking & research methods that can be used to support variety of disciplines.
visiting the #ceoclub luncheon
What theater blogs do you follow?
Inventing the unicycle motorcycle today. If you want to invest and make millions just let me know
Going to Disneyland today. Hope to see everyone. Who's coming?
“: Shut up, you sound like an idiot #dadeprobz ” lol at least I'm not the only one that sees it
It is very fun Tiger stuff....The $68 tag on the cool hoodie makes me take a step back, though.
p.s. hey Santa, remind me to write "oxy acetylene torch" on my wish list this year. I want a new toy to play with.
Teaching abstract class today, using magnolia blossoms as jumping off point. Pics later
Can't just take a knee to run out the clock.
We aren't technically opening for Britney Spears or anything, but we ARE playing the same music fest. The biggest music fest in the world.
(cont.) and the business underwent several changes over the following years, including becoming a partnership venture
Netflix was the greatest idea ever. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><U+2764>
tell that hoe its a GO on site! we swingin no hesitation!!!!!!!!
Follow today. Let's start a trend.
thanks for following me, l look forward to getting to know you better, who knows maybe someday we could work together??
you so read our minds! See you at Walmart girl!
Hey, #BBQ sauce, outdoor cooking, spice/seasoning, & kitchen-supply companies: Wanna expand presence in #Texas? Be a part of !
A full day of Atlanta shopping lies ahead. The tornadoes and truck size hail have finally passed.
A few members from our #HR team and #EBP niche will be at the HR Leadership Awards. Headed there? Let us know.
I hate how I have such a soft voice, every time I yell at someone my voice cracks & nobody takes me seriously .,,
I better not see him give someone a wet willy in the dugout tonight RT : Wright scratched from tonight's lineup with a bruised pinky.
I have a question & Do u know any upcoming auditions for Nickelodeon or Disney Channel? If u do can u reply back ASAP.Plz & Thnx!!
And pleather? RT There's definitely a foreign fish in it. RT TWIN PALMS (7/12) trailer
I know we haven't! and im sure you did great! im pretty good thanks you ?:)
might not notice me but atleast i know he loves me(:
Great bootcamp workout this morning...now ready to start out this day! Happy 4th everyone!
its a #beautiful morning!!!!
Clooney's publicist earned their pay today. Finish this sentence. Last time I took my dad to a protest was…
I hate tweet stalkers
Sorry, but I don't get why ppl love this fucking song.."Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number..." such a SHITTY SONG
no Reeboks, sorry
“: I ain't tryna do it big, I'm just tryna do it right.. remember this?” what is that? lol
Taking our son to school with
I don't know what I think anymore. I kind of hate my favorite team right now so...
"Paige, I like you a lot. But I love you more than I like you."- #ilooovvveeeyou #bestfriend <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AB>
hahaha ur too funny my love... where are my cookies :)
Thanks for the follow, looking forward to your wine tweets!
": That moment when you realize you said something REALLY stupid and you cant take it back..."
Ahh...yes. #CHIA street teams all over NYC and other cities today.
Thanks for the #ff and right back at you Looking 4ward 2 collaboration & following the fab worldwide instructors u suggested
Thanks for all the #FF love!! <3
thanks! I like QR Codes and mapping-connecting the two works well. Need to do more with them than just link to a plain site.
This video trippen blood
aw shucks. miss u guys too! Had a music rehearsal tonite - since i've been a lil addicted
My burrito always falls apart in my hand
When twitter first came out i thought it was wack! But now i think im addicted!! O_0
I need to do it. I just can't.
text me back stupid dime piece!
I ask not for a lighter burden, but for broader shoulders. -Jewish Proverb
RT : A new report has found that the incarceration of juvenile offenders has failed to stem or reduce youth crime |...
I really wish I could tweet all day during work. It's great sarcasm/snarky relief. :-D
sorry its late! but followed(:
time to clean the litter box, my cat just dropped a fresh Daniel Barber
Funniest American Dad EVER !
I love pressing buttons, so as you could imagine this makes it really difficult for me to be around nipples
you're going!??
My husband and I created life!! Our tomato plants have sprung plump, green, nubs ready to burst with juicy goodness! Hope they ripen soon :)
It would thunder when i have to take this long ass journey home from school. Damn it I got that umbrella though.
It made my day to see your tweet. Am doing well. I love being a librarian; don't miss the stress of acquisitions @ Basic Books.
Still out shopping... Wth this is really shop till u drop haha.
Thanks for the shout out!
you are in for a dousing, Joy
Phone need charging.
Thanks for the follow! Digging your music, too! See you up the road.
I must be doing something off b/c I have a lot of highly religious folks following me on Twitter lately. Maybe they know something I don't.
Because they haven't polled it yet.
Yoko Miwa Trio performing tonight at 7:30pm start, one set only. Hope to see you there!
Anybody know what's the cheapest way to get a SIM card for 2 weeks in the US? (nothing fancy, talk and maybe SMS)
What do you think about empowering customers by giving them the Android app experience before they buy an app? Our team created a system fo…
I was very sad for Sam Neil on that submarine.
Brandon Stockton or Oliver Simmons...
Ain't that the truth, Brooke. And you know what's awesome about this semester? StudyBlue is at the tutor booth.
Great photo on your blog of you and your assistant. Absolutely adorable!
Ron Paul Comes to Fort Worth Wednesday! It's better than Christmas!
How did the dancing go?? I'm so sorry I didn't get to help out.... :(
we got all the bitches you niggas need to come occupy the ladies!!!
happy birthday to #Doyle and his #bahama mamas
Ugh I have class tomorrow God please don't let it rain smh follow me and I will def follow u rite back :)
Do you have a lot of natural lighting in your home? If you don't how do you make the most of the #naturallight you have? your answer!
All fans can agree that a #Pacers vs #76ers East Conference Finals is exactly what #HeirStern & the fans want.
"They may forget what you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel." -Carl Frederick Beuchner
Lots of office activity 2day: follow-ups from yesterday, next week's speaking engagement & emotional eating elimination event prep. #DoIt!
Texas!! We're playing the phoenix saloon in New Braunfels tonight! Come on down. 8 pm
We have time for some Q and A - If anyone has any questions for us. The dirtier the better (kidding)!
they're probably thinking the same thing while reading this..
Thanks! Glad you enjoyed King Tut!
Republicans are right: business owners create jobs, not college students. At least not yet.
#Derulers, but his fans voted for the name
2012 Debate Point: President means one who presides. To preside is to occupy the place of authority or control====>LEADER =
Watching Titanic.<3 My favorite movie of ALL time.(: Jack and Rose are so cute together! <3 Gonna get to crying soon!:'( #Bestmovieeverr ((:
she doesn't control my retweets, she just loves the Beatles.
Workin alone today...ugh
"Im renting DVD's by mail" Me: eww that is so last year!
Oxy Mo: Chilling Fever
Thank God No Snow in Chicago!
listening to 'Forever Young' by One Direction,trying to hold back the tears <3 this is so beautiful when they sing it,gets to me EVERY TIME!
this is the best tweet you've ever had
Thanks, looking forward to the game. See you Sunday at the Galleria at Sunset for UNLV Day.
do u have a website for ???
It's autumn and it's chilly. That means Knob Creek and possibly a fire while the Brewers clinch.
Happy Birthday to
Alot of things has been changing n i dnt fucking like it one bit at all !!
#TIIP4P Matt Donovan: probable explanation for lack of UGC in engineering/manufacturing is that its just not recognized.
sometimes i wonder if people reads my tweets :P
At least it's not Monday
Auditions this Saturday, May 28th at COCA (Council on Culture & Arts) from 10a-3p! Looking forward to meeting everyone.
fuckin right. im so ready dude !
Are we gonna see you on Saturday? What time are you coming?
Ozzie: "To have the ability to go back and get a player you would’ve taken at your pick is good business for us.”
Adrenaline-Gavin Rossdale
Haha aww..what kind of dog?
Nice time-out McCarthy, trying to match Bielema on stupid time-outs?
Many thanks. Can you switch files from Dropbox to there or do you use both? Which one do you prefer?
use! You, too!
Oh yes! Something was lost now it's found! Now on to the next thing! Ready for another prayer to be answered!
DO YOU THINK ITS TRUE IF A PERSON TRY SOMETHING THEY NEVER DONE BEFORE WILL GET GOOD OR BAD RESULTS? SO WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF? LIFE!
$11 bucks to watch the bucks game? On TV? Really?
RT "Photo: Someones a bit camera shy (Taken with instagram)" LOL Matty! hope you're well. That pic is hilarious.
If someone is in Cambridge, MA at the Old Man Gloom show, please grab me a copy of the NO record!
Speaking of Doritos that new Taco Bell Doritos shell taco is weird. Idk if i wanna try it or not..
Endings are vital because of just that. Leave a reader disappointed & they tend to hold grudges. I don't blame them. I do too.
I could just picture security ripping it up and stepping on it, only to give you an "I love Impact" sign.
proud of the Noles!
Wells Fargo Bank in Carbondale robbed - Glenwood Springs Post Independent
A woman knows the face of the man she loves like a sailor knows the open sea. ---Honoré de Balzac
Deals & maintaining loyalty is all about context - treating all users exactly the same is not going to create loyalty.
Goddammit world just wait until I'm thinner and gorgeous and then you will have to suck up all the bad thoughts you had about me.
"Early morning Thursday morning...we were on our way to work. Lady on the 80 in her white hot universe."
How do you get a job as a seat filler? #oscars sign me up
If you haven't heard the latest mixtape yet check it out on datpiff. Give it a listen, local Pgh rap fans especially goo.gl/G01At
im here for the masses.
This is the second time I've heard Call Me Maybe in the last two hours sitting here at the game
Patriots or Giants?
/// Lakers are getting PWNED tonight.........I love it!!
quit trying to be me
Spring Break WOO!
The Jets got Tebow...Dreams really do come true!!!
thank you so so so so so so so so so much!!!
everybody else says "garbage"
Junior year will be the death of me!
Cinco De Mayo RT : Q1 #Foodiechats What is your favorite cuisine to create a theme around for a dinner party?
should come back to US Market
Timmy doing work
would be so awesome...if someone would get me ALL 7 seasons of Boy Meets World on DVD. Please & Thank You...I'll <3 u 4eva!!!
Im a try and Stay Home Tomrw
Hey guys! Come chill with me on stickam! I am live streaming at stickam.com/DrawOneCard
I know. It just pisses me off. Ecspecially after what I found out last night! I cried!
I bet its because you haven't updated your avatar in a while.
thanks for the tweet faves!
Yes Im up at 5:07 am taking care of my baby
Entrepreneurship training with
Just saw the new trailer for #thewomaninblack. Hope it's as good as the book!
I'm scared of haircuts.. i never know how am i gonna look after i cut my hair.
thanks for the shout out...too kind!
hope you are having better shows, saw u a couple times years back and they were "off" nights, but I still enjoyed it
You know your in TX when it smells like BBQ on your flight...
to be fair you are "buck naked taking a shit" at least 2/3 of the time on average arent you? (at least thats how i imagine you.)
Good Day Twitter Family!
Anyone want to let me stay with them for a while? Big fight with my parents and need a place to stay. lost my phone too
Getting a screen protector for my B&N nook! Its been rooted and looking awesome! :)
hah (well thats what losers say anyways) O.o lol
FINALLY started Homeland.... only one episode in and #addicted :)
13 shot venti soy hazelnut vanilla cinnamon white mocha with extra white mocha and carmel! Lol
love that song
It definitely is.. So beautiful, the eyes, the smile, the dimples. <3
Archive sessions for HHLib conference day 1 should be up today (as per Susan)
Are you trying to tell me that people who walk leisurely get right of way?! You can't pull the wool over my eyes THAT easily pal
BELIEB OWT THA WANTS but BELIEBERS RUN THE GALAXY they don't! NOW BELIEB THAT! an there's always a LIE in beLIEbers!
I'll do the same do u think she's pretty
you wrong for that Beezzy!!!
woah madison, contain your excitement lol.
Today is the last day to register to vote for the May 14 primary!
I'm a huge fan of bud light lime so I will def have to try this! BTW when we gonna party
Or do you live in cave?
YA author Amy Fellner Dominy is telling our fifth graders how to write a novel.
Love that we're number one! See you tomorrow!
Tomorrow's release of Dark Shadows marks the eighth Tim Burton and Johnny Depp collaboration. Do you know the first?
What a wack episode. Glad Colton got his.
RT No credible sources are confirming Yu Darvish signing. Hang tight Rangers fans
get at me about some future sets , you gotta see me do my thing
Today is a FAMILY DAY on my twitter! Connecting with my nieces n nephews and
Oh, there's always room to love the AC!!
My Pipster got a KICK A$$ report card today!! I'm proud of my SUPERGIRL
that's true any year for GOP. MR wins EC but BO wins popular vote. BO is polling poorly with INDs giving MR OH, FL, IN, VA and PA
yeah its over my last move is to unfriend you
that's why WE are doing it BY OURSELVES
are you making assprints in the snow, Austin?
that particular job is under attack in San Diego with the city council's vote on March 28th! Check out Stop the Ban to stop it!
The Ladies of Leyendecker The Fashion Statement - dog fancy
It's an awesome show.
Construction season has begun in Chicago:(. Can't get anywhere in a timely manner.
you should tag in your bio so more people know where to follow her :) Just a thought...
Have you ever met Gary from Evanston? You're an outside-insider over there.
Good for you, Lauren!
Scratch that, Legally Blonde AND nail polish as a whole is therapeutic ;) haha
haha u know me just letting u know ;)
Several rounds of sanctions have been adopted at the #EU level. We also are pushing for action w/in the
LOVE IT!!!
I can't help but read that exchange as the difference between listening and talking.
I'm SO ready..especially after the week I've had. Hope the beer is cold, Rumpus Room!
Good morning Praying For Safety And Protection From Hurt, Harm, And Danger Out Here On These Streets<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Today is so wack
He did a commercial for the auto industry: "It's half time for America...America's coming back...."
Terrific Tuesday!
Yes!! #iscreamforcream RT : I WILL BE THERE!!!!
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitles minute man
Missing him!
Ohh battlefield how I have missed you :)
Seeing #occupymn makes my heart sore with possibilities.
you know it!
also your use of that phrase makes you retro-hip.
Thanks for the RT. Dan
can't hate, you obama2012 folk have it all used up. Only way to get him re elected. ,)
Why Should I make the bed if I`m gonna sleep in it later that night?
"Listening to someone learn to play an instrument is like a wormhole into a future of possibility."
You can order two of our shirts and one of our buddies at Take Flight Records from this site. Check it out and get some new clothes!
. Say no to figuring in #Royals stats. Consider the whole team & Greinke's record with the
Stop tryna act perfect everyone has flaws
The Fort Wayne Komets will be back on home ice at the Allen County War Memorial Coliseum this Friday and Saturday!
“: I will be DJing, dancing and bartending.” - if you do the "Barking Spider" again, let me know ahead of time. I'll clear space.
Bright lights, big dreams.
everywhere! looking in general to see if there is support as an alternate to direct enroll for full degree programs link?
i cant belive clare nd eli broke up awww they r soo freakin great couple
Hey : Let's go to in April???
I don't know, two times and you're a gigolo.
Everyday comes closer & closer to you leaving. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
RT : District 2 Bar & Grille is open for brunch this Monday, Presidents Day.
listen to your show most every day. Great show! Need more progressives on the radio airwaves!
Yes can't wait!
To live so that the depression was at the other!
That would be a DIY coding project. But, hey, I'd be in for sure.
Hey everyone The Cosmos is now on Twitter! follow now for salon specials and updates. 15% off any service to the first 20 followers
There ain't gonna be no gift bags, Randy
Ive Been Fake Before, EVERYONE Has
sisters, gimme your weekend brags!
Remember when phone calls were 25 cents? That's the cost of a text from Canada. I just spent a whole roll of quarters. or 2. #keepintouch :)
10/10 people on the shuttle from the airport were #drupalcon attendees.. Male/Female ratio was 60/40!
I saw that she was cast. The world continues to make less sense, and I like it.
thanks for the follow!
convince Them to give me a raise and I'll be back hahaha.
Even though Austin's braces had a lot of memories, it doesn't mean he isn't going to have better ones(: -Brooke
oh hahaha of course!
Terrible how some have to work with disrespect -.-
that's no turtle, that's ass!! Lol!!!
good luck! Let me know how it goes. I'm teaching it in the fall.
#GoRabbits! RT : I love my school ! Long Beach Poly High :)
Bank of Albuquerque is searching for a Bilingual Asst. Branch Manager - contact me at
Spotted in the newsroom checking out the UT-TV studio:
O What happened Butter fingers????
Thanks Yukie, Ken, Magda, Richard R, Maria, and Otto for stopping by today. And thanks to Jumpstart's Martha and Rafael for reading aloud!
Getting a jump on my day off tomorrow tonight. Laundry and dishes and other indoor chores.
UPDATED MY TUMBLR.
Lol shut up...You don't understand...
HGTV's Dream Home float is cute. The house roof is coffee and cocoa.
Happy new year from the Hillcrest Town Council! May your 2011 be prosperous and filled with joy.
Now it's time to clean... pitts
Gonna make a new video today! Ya dig?!
lol watch your ass butler
Wow! Blast from the past!
sending #littlethunders cd to press and placing the download card order today...#digitalrelease April 1st by
aww :( If Oprah is not there anymore, who's going to endorse Obama? lol (just a joke lol )
#5 Dreaming of Cara at a price in the 8th at #Aqueduct as well
just living life to the fullest at all times...what else is there to do for real
RT : Passed local resolutions to overturn Citizens United ruling in Massachusetts climbs to 48
I should of went to that cuddle session #oomf was having hahaha !
The air conditioner in the van would break -____-
Hey everybody! Please "Like" New Mexico Satellite Man on Facebook, too!
Have you ever had one of those days, where every thing is so frustrating that it makes you just want to scream?
your so beautiful,one of my favorite victoria secret angels,i want to be like you when im older!XOXO
The weather in San Diego was much better today that I was yesterday. Thank you God for good weather
yea I could prolly send her some Appleton is two hours away though
Thanks for speaking with me today...looking forward to your opening and getting your American Express account set up!
Shout out to me tweeting my (one-use only) promo code b4 using it. Someone just saved $438 on a ticket. Who was it? Lol
hey, started it!
Im convinced, the whole world has decided to drive in Los Angeles today.
Thanks for your kind words. It was a fun show to roam around with a camera at the ready.
Where have your culo been ?
Had a great workout, now visiting my papaw in harrodsburg! Family is everything!
Not defending anyone. I'm just having fun insulting you and your faggot minions.
Who goes to atrisco.!! Do me a favor.
I need a girlfriend, like
": I wanna be that couple every other couple wants to be like :)"
girls who hook up with dudes cuz they're in bands are wack. that shit is lame.
Oh the adventures in Greensburg, Indiana.
I miss California.
P.S. had so much fun yesterday ... I'm gonna miss everyone when I'm gone =(
If you're interested, please check out the link and call the salon to make an appointment!
Go Team Kentucky!
sweet threads!
you're crowd surfin right? <3
jealous. Went last year. Favorite city.
OMG!!! The Jeanius did it again...The new Italian Cream Cupcake is FIRE!
My daughters new game is to his in the tub behind the shower curtain, then jump out and growl at the cat... Easily amused like her momma
In other news, Redtails was the shit this weekend
Don be mad
take me to court long as u don't give me judge Judy can't stand that bitch lol
Yes, you're up.... or yes, you're up but bregrudgingly?? :D
likewise. But there's a light @ the end of the tunnel - my last class. (til I get restless and decide on another degree)
RT : Come to WI State Capitol Tues 2/21, 11 a.m. to see Cooperative Extension honored by Senate and Assembly!
#superartfight sharpie swords FTW
I was told I have 3days to get them straightened out. That's what I'm going with.
Fun to Follow for all your daily "it's so sheboygan" news
Really don't understand playoffs Paul George at all. He's doing the opposite of everything he did in the regular season.
The world has lost another bright, caring, and wonderful person to cancer. Diagnosed just two weeks ago. I am blessed to have known him.
We are made wise not by the recollection of our past, but by the responsibility for our future. -George Bernard Shaw
Drivin back to DC...Haiti bound in less than 12 hours!
check out www.thepenguinrevolution.com where can we send a cd?
yeah i will lol:)
Thanks! RT : Very smart blog by Terri O.
Some secrets need to be kept, some stories should never be told, some reasons shouldn't be understood
Two. More. Weeks. Two! More! Weeks! TWO! MORE! WEEKS!
CREATE A BRAIDED RUG FOR FREE just like the early pioneers in SD! Family activity 12noon<U+27B8>4pm at THE SAN DIEGUITO HERITAGE MUSEUM~Encinitas
I drink when I have occasion, and sometimes when I have no occasion. -Miguel De Cervantes
The only way today is going to work is if I pretend I'm on The Wire
If you called me, then you know I'm ready to DO SOMETHING DOPE!
I love spending time w/ my daddy & sister when I don't go to school. ^-^
How are you beautiful (:
Rather annoyed to have to get on my plane right as the hockey game is getting started..
It's draft day! Correctly guess the first 10 picks of tonight's draft for a free Scorzie!!!
If we are what we eat, I'm fast, cheap and easy.
And if by chance, I was the "unfollowed" you're probably not seeing this anyway... so just a heads up! ;-)
Playing monopoly junior with my daughter. Disney princess edition.
Great debate performance by She's closing strong as the best candidate to beat Walker in June.
Happy to help. Starting on the photographer/title placards as we speak. Will be in touch soon.
My group is 8 girls and one boy, all 7th grade, friends of Sarah's. Should be fun. :-)
Don’t dwell Concentrate on the React with Purpose Make shift Your posture should be Lift and squeeze Inhale Release Grip harder Turn off the
Ha, thanks! Can you get that included in my next review? ;)
God bless each of you in a specail way this Christmas season! Back after the Holiday! Kevin
i agree!
yea he iight wrr he from?
I need ways of saving money....
I'm perfectly fine with my tax dollars going towards first lady's wardrobe. One of the perks. Don't resent in the slightest.
ahh no i'm not! :) hahaah
This is pretty funny (and dead on): "The Difference Between UX and UI: Subtleties Explained in Cereal via "
Using my umbrella today.
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> I'm just ready for summer 2012
sprint getting a IPhone and they got the unlimited plans only 10$ extra. May save u a few bucks.
RT : called back for Summer Theatre of New Canaan!<<Yippee!
RULES -you must answer TRIVIA Q? posted at 4pm EST correctly with athlete's official twitter handle & follow that athlete &
"To make this film I had to miss countless hours of school. And there was also some hardship."- Bart
Thanks for the heads up! We'll replace that. For future service issues, call us at 1-866-4-ZIPCAR so we don't overlook anything.
yeah I have a lot of wisdom
Research paper...
All set up, so what to do next? Ahh contract to finish, check some emails, and update the main website, fun fun.....
I see and you got this :)
Just followed the new page.
at Koepke fitness center working out.
ha! What kind of snacks?
Loving new home page featuring news from social media perspective. take notes!
Daniellla is my life saver, & got them
We must be in the eye of the tornado, because we're certainly not over the rainbow. Get prepared as rough times are coming.
RT : R.I.P To the 31 U.S. Troops who were killed in a Helicopter crash in Afghanistan today. I bet no one cares. Retweet If ...
Who was your instructor? Hilarious!
Happy birthday, Mom
Tested the redesigned 1M on iPhone. Thought it was loading slow until we benchmarked 16 submissions. Surprised by 8 second avg.
#Shoutout to all the "PROFESSIONALS" who stalk the real PROFESSIONALS to get their contacts
Its so windy today. I'm going to blow away!
lol you just lied doe
Hey, what types of costume design do you specialize in? Let's talk. :)
I'm just sitting around watching YouTube videos!
I have a feeling they will!! Don't worry :)
I'm cool with that :)
Literally belting out Taking Back Sunday.
Dick Clark left his mark on popular culture. RIP
in not. Just RTin
Sale On Alera PA532823LG Three-Drawer Mobile Pedestal File, 15 ...
Thanks, Traci! Much needed.
wonder if me and have the same fave track on #deathofapopstar??
Dont Be Afraid Of Change.Youu May End Up Losing Something Good,But Youu Probably End Up Gaining Something Better {:<U+2665>
goals on goals on goals on goals
Calumet Fisheries, founded in 1948, is now featured as a vintage restaurant on the domu #Chicago History Map!...
Feels like I'm in a sauna!! The things women do to get purrty! Lol
DC Jazz You dont want to miss, Follow
Wish i knew it was a
THERE ARE 2 TWITTER ACCOUNTS FOR ZAYN'S AVOCADO. OMG ZAYN WHAT HAVE YOU DONE.
"Leaky as an unstanched wench. "
The pots were literally cut! we even cut in half a cvap oven at the request of Winston Industries.
Yes he was & is a beast!
Just to clarify my clarification, I desperately need your approval. And a good place to get Al Pastor burritos near my house. And pants.
Coming by today for Free Tuesday? Don't miss the ofrenda on Level 3 for Dia de los Muertos.
somebody give #TeamTate a s/o we need the support:
ITS CALLED COVERUP! So Now We Looking At a Skinny Zimmerman…WTF! They know what they are doing!
I watched frenemies! Lived ur part the best Avalon! I mean bells! Lol! Biggest fan!
just making sure c:
ask anyone throwing league
Warm cider with orange slices and cinnamon sticks.
Putting together details for a graphical online scavenger hunt for a free prize. Stay tuned for details,
I'd rather not hear from you. I hear you did not know who he was. That man is a God Damn you for no autograph
Im free ....Junior year is over!!!!!
A few new faces this year helping run the meet with the Big Ten Conference outdoor t&f meet beginning today at the McClimon track at UW.
How sick did 's leg look last night ??? Bet that hurt !!
I feel you, those pesky aspiring drum players..
Only five hours left to register your team for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament happening this Saturday at Total Sports!
I got a scare last night when I got the weather report [for] snow during the night. Let's hope Deputy Commissioner Weather helps out. [1944]
Harlingen: The Staple of the Rio Grande Valley
MT : Walker re-analyzed NBA stats. Walker says Bucks dominated in the '90s, NOT Jordan & Bulls as some mistakenly believe.
“: I can see Chance. Cali is going to kill you. Lol” I'll take my "chances" she gets over things pretty easy
yeah, so sad. I'm slowly rewatching it :) still gets me every time. Such a good show
Tia's is NOW HIRING for all positions! Accepting applications 10am to 4pm. Must apply in person! 200 Atlantic ave. Boston, MA.
Cool! RT : #crocafecollect Gabby La La (8/28/05) Delicate, playful vocals drift above toy piano, accordion, sitar, theremin.
Guy working drive thru at Jack in the Box just recognized me from YouTube. WTF.
You can't win if you aint right within....
Good Wednesday morning, Twitterverse. And Happy New Comic Book Day! Check out the good stuff at your local comic book store today!
realized this morning that I may have a slight obsession with buying lip gloss.
Madonna wasn't good 20 years ago let alone now.
Unless you have a definite, precise, clearly set goals, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
New study shows coffee drinkers are less likely to die from heart or respiratory disease,stroke,or diabetes. #AddictionPaysOff?
S/o to my #oomf , You're cute asf
I am starting to get pissed off cause every time i turn on a damn radio is always on and it is starting to make me mad grrrrrr
I used to be one of them... WHAT HAPPENED TO US HUNTER?!
Questioning the wisdom of being outside with lightening still happening.
Colorblind hoodies and shirts let me know if you want one
you do know Harry is getting all of out tweets. We'er probable gonna dive him insane lol
The day THE HUNGER GAMES movie comes out.. Will be the best day of my life<3
haahah omg i luv that but i get it iv been single my entire life and sometimes you just wish there was someone there for u
Savings Tip -If you have any kind of leftover rice. especially seasoned rice, add it to your meatballs. Bake at about 350-375Â° or micro ...
“: how about #brandyou?” that's better... I like them short ;)
Budget hearing for Baltimore City Fire Department is underway. Watch live on
Do you have a model for creating ad hoc x-org project groups to support longer term fac projects? Would love to hear abt how u do it.
NWS has issued a Severe Thunderstorm Warning for Conecuh County until 02:45 PM
just 2 because i'm lame. and by "i'm lame" i mean everyone else is lame and working. I BETTER SEE YOU AFTER.
Damm,i dont feel like going to the bamk to go get this money order im being lazzy and shit
hurry up dying of boredom here
So Ned Yost is now the Royals Manager. Surely this means they'll play nice and loose like the '08
swear though it was me.
MANTRA #3: YOU CANT MARRY A MARRIED MAN
The technology now exists for artists to now create their own models.
I can't do 7 games of this
that is a good dream. I have a hard time keeping them alive in chilly North Florida!
About to go live on WMCS 1290 - with Van Jones and many others!
Ha ha, yup. They sure are. :)
meeting from google today! I'm so excited to meet such a big deal!!!! Thanks !! I'm going to be posting about this.
the boogie man is cool lightning is NOT!! I know the boogie man we hang all the time:))
TGIF! #followfriday make sure to include #followfriday and let everyone know to follow us! Incredible news coming soon from us!!
Oh yes you could!! You look like you're 25 and you're one of the most trendy women I know.
I also seem to always want what I can't have. Cool right?!
We're excited too!
...how could I forget? Go Giants!!!
In honor of Jim Thompson, William S. Burroughs & J.G. Ballard, a 9/11 novel merciless enough to depict the merciless: www.airplanenovel.com.
haha love it
no i cant throw money in sues dey denied me...i might fallin DOA
Thanks for the birthday wishes!
hey Liesl thanks for the follow hope to see you at the show on April 14th
I'll never forget the first time I caught your eye
- mama ain't raised no fool !
Glad to see you on here! I'm newer to this too so nice to run into someone I've worked with...hope you'll follow back!
Tosh.0 is so stupid but funny as hell!
most DEF, and thank you so much! <3
He will not be searching for happiness as if it were a collar button that has rolled under the radiator .
On the road:( why must we leave!
- Thanks for continuing to use my postings for your Design Daily. Glad you find the topics of value to your readers.
Today is the power shower , & imma bout to dunk some teachers. Sorry Mrs.Lenoff but your getting wet a'f !
This past weekend Weiner was set 2 speak at Wisconsin Dem Party Conv 2 rally nat'l support for RECALL campaign launched against Republicans
HAD A BLAST DEEJAYING LAST NIGHT AT LONG BEACH..#MASTERMIND RECORDS
you're a super star, that is what you are.
yep! coming up at the top of the hour!
#FF - web graphic designer & amateur poet. - filmmaker & foodie - filmmaking gear
I hate when my helicopter is in the shop, then I have to deal with 405 traffic in the morning
um let's hang out!
These are the questions that keep filmgoers up at night :)
gets me there, but sometimes it takes it slow.
How far away is Austin Tx from New Orleans??? Wanna go to #MardiGras get the beads bro!
Did you just say Boop? uh
Rep. Don Beezley trying to amend killed parent trigger bill onto a routine parent involvement bill in House Education.
I was gonna say Pocahontas but yeah she is Native American lol They need a Mexican princess heheh:)
Happy April Fool's!!
Playing a cup muted solo piece on #trumpet this morning. To a Wild Rose, A song you can hear #Philip #Smith play on his solo cd.
Re C.A.'s caution. Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good! Velis et remis!
=D Awesome!! Hope the rest of your Friday is as amazing. <3
"you got babies all over the place"
r u still having trouble accessing the site? I've been traveling & couldn't check
My fave childhood memory is being forced to sleep with a blanket whose patterns all too strikingly resembled my great aunt's spider veins.
Kicked off the weekend with afternoon coffee at Urth Cafe followed by wine tasting with friends in Manhattan Beach.
Re: needing intrinsic rewards 4 gaming. Have either of u checked out the book Drive? Gr8 stuff on motivation!
5 easy (why???!) midday TM miles at 10%. Go figure.
ooh, what time?
Kicked in #OSU wit n today... Had fun tho wished we would've been on High Street earlier...
Good morning, how is everyone?
You're right...for all of fifteen minutes. True talent is timeless. Always has been, always will be. ;-)
The sun is puttin off some heat today.
Galaxy S I Launch date still a mystery. But it will launch in June!
Devereaux Peters picked up her 4th foul only 5 minutes into 2nd half when the Irish had a chance to tie/cut the lead to 1. That was huge.
You felt special until you saw him talk to everyone like that
I think you forgot the 9 in lol
MT On film needs real shot at QB He is super raw So was
Hope to see many of you in Boston this week at the #Shakespeare Assoc of America! Stop by our book booth for special giveaways items!
I am a sucker for a guy that makes me laugh!!!
boys soccer banquet was fun <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26BD>
": "Love is a passion." #Aristotle"//"Luv is a verb."
Good Morning Divas!
It is time I learn some line dancing. :)
s/o to my dude Francis
RT : Help spread the word. 4/29 Run as One, 4-mile run at Central Park - raising lung cancer awareness!...
Thx to , Ryan Braun & many more for sharing their must have app on their smart phone. Story on #WISN12 at 10
Todd swears it wasn't, but I'm pretty sure that guy in the final scene was Hell Boy.
LOL I know :-D
CASTING: The real "Real Steel" robot competition show! Need feel good stories-military vets, ex-athletes, real heroes! WIN $$ LA AREA ONLY
The Pens will win this series but, they need to 4 check better. I'm not worried. This is a great team.
RT : Empathy teaches ppl 2 trust their feelings & intuitions, & it creates sensitivity 2 the feelings & needs of others
I'm so grateful that church back home starts at 11. Church here is just way too early
Trust Lounge
yeah i was commenting on the PE ..nice work though!
lol, did you go today?
that's my new jam!
youk for hanley?
I DONT TRUST TWITTER/FACEBOOK/INSTAGRAM PICTURES NOMORE!!!! (LESSON LEARNED)
ill be at remnants thing in june
yep, two hours for Glee!
Looking forward to seeing many of you at the Jiveworld conference next week in Vegas!
My feet have many lego induced scars.
not sure, ask the City, wasn't there some proclamation? The bad cop routine was laughable but hitting Fish was over the line.
Sleep is good. Ahh
not ignoring you! DM not working! I own my house, for 3 years? Maybe was thinking of someone else??
Nascar is the dumbest "sport" ever to be created. "Oh my God, They're making a left turn!!" Join a real sport.
i like expensive pasta...
I feel like the girl at the bar who's been there too long...cant stand up!
ARG! Don't say it. Happy thoughts. Happy thoughts/
Thanks! Let me know if you have ideas or know sites that struggle with what to do about ghost legends
Thanks to everyone who made #JamesBrownGeorgetown a success. It was a truly enriching event
welcome to Twitter, Tweet!
Our sister restaurant released a limited number of early seatings & a few late VIP tables for tonight! Call 212-614-0146!
": Planning trip home to Tampa Bay in July. rocketing up my list of "must haves". Cant wait to see the beach!" Yay!
..sex parties with girls who called him "Papi," he explained: "I work hard and, in the evening, I need to unwind."WSJ on Silvio Berlusconi.
SORRY HIT UP JENNIFER TO SET THAT UP 2107846094
got a fantastic 'Welcome to Chicago' package today ... Thank you!!
Taste of the Industry is beginning! Pop quiz: who's your #hotnewnow #wine or #spirit #brand?
Silence is our true teacher because it speaks the language of our soul.
Palm Sunday. Aaahhhh.
Thanks to Sissonville Public Service District board for allowing me to sit in on yesterday's meeting ...
Finished some work and have settled in for the #RHOBH reunion. Ah, bliss.
Would you want to become a mother at ninety? Read Sarah's story at my website: www.lindaswift.net, New Releases Page: Humanly Speaking
And I thought I was bad at sales... ;)
No thoughts lives in your mind rent free
RT : #MKTG118 uses social media to reach out to its consumers - took this #MKTG118 class last semester
Some didn't include the Oxford comma in their list and it created a great deal of confusion about names.
they loving the creww .
Just bought my ticket to see speak in March at UCLA. Can't wait to hear what she says to our generation.
Sure you can. There are numerous denominations that follow strict interpretation.
wats up wit u and the BENGALS wats good Chad
im gonna get a 1 on bio while you get a 5 on Chem
Chloe is going to do great! Have fun in your cute new dress.
YES. Its on youtube! Thats where I watched it!
A deal to send 3B to Wally Waffle House in Akron, OH for a 1B prospect has fallen through. Chris will remain an A.... for now
Thank you for the RT
Motorcycle started right up after 6 months of sitting in the street. It's a good day.
All I want right now is sleep..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a pair of awesome people (and my fellow Tauri) and !
I also have a free e-book about me for iPad. It comes with a song, too. Double arf.
I have sex like Michael Jordan played basketball my tounges out while I'm heading to the hole
followed now keep retweeting needs more followers
RT : Join us for #sundayfunday Industry night starts at 7pm $3 Select Irish Whiskey's and Beers!
you're welcome!
See us tonight in at 11 PM, FREE. We'll sing with & !
Who discovered this and what was the power of it?
To borrow a phrase from , I am completely aboard the struggle train today. yikes.
let's all go to tat's!
you are a pro to begin with!
We cant wait to see you! “: so for dinner/lunch”
Ultimate insult was cutting off my service due to billing problem--no letter email phone call--I could have fixed it immediately
I have watched too many episodes of Toddlers And Tiaras. Someone save me before I finalize my decision to get fat and become a pagent mom.
Against all adversity I want you...
Laying out at the beach.
You are so hot!
Great, I'll meander over there after this half of the 6th.
A friend 2 all is a friend of none
You never want to be that annoying person to call someone out on twitter hahaha
Chris Cif you interview the boyz can I get a shout-out to Jada from Canada #CanadianICONiaczLoveChris Plzz if you see this RT
Cuz I'm real
I keep losing followers <<<<
Thanks for following us, Rafael!
Could be most ironic thing I've heard this year, welcome to the mind of Vecchio RT : nah that was all me! Haha
I told her do da things I like an she fuckin did it-FAB
Haven't seen the Cubs play all season. Im assuming thats a good thing right?
im in some desperate need of some community service hourse for golden tassel
#themwasthedays When you woke up for Saturday morning cartoons, and they were worth it 8(
You know what I really need? Another Nicholas Sparks book turned into a movie. Yeah, that's it...
We need all the volunteers we can get for the #Cannabis Freedom #March May 12th Volunteer to Westlake Park!
I never said "Rand Paul has Max's blood on his hands." I said he has the blood of recent victims,after stalled HR 1254
pina colada smoothie in hand, sunshine reflecting off lingering snow, spirits high, ready for a happy Monday and a fantastic week :-)
no one is awake
yes! My wife laughed when I spotted one at night in the rain, saying how could I see her from that far. My reply: "she's pale"
Yeah, it is the latter, plus an all-out land grab in PA by a bunch of opportunistic firms.
2days of sun #seattle. Off to buy supplies #sundayfunday #bbq at friends lakehouse. Good times.
Things are getting started!
I love you for that my dude, im coming to see you soon homie
Have a good day everybody!
yeah i have one , its easy after a while.
that's so irrelevant.
What is your favorite cooking utensil?
Be You. Love All.
your welcome
We are live on THE HOME-BASED BUSINESS SHOW 1/7/11 at 9:00am PST "How To NAME Your Home-Based Business" Variety Channel - WORLDTALKRADIO.com
You should tweet more!.....or eat more chicken!!
Blueman Softball won it's first game tonight, earning me my new title "The RBI Machine"!
Wow my first tardy of the whole year
Gitmo detainees getting a soccer field. You've got to be kidding me. Glad to know where americans tax dollars are going.
Looks like an explosion or arson to me.
RT : I'm the type of person that tries to fall back asleep in the morning just to finish a dream.
sorry, but i don't have the patience to deal with people like you
I'm so glad nicks and manningham have had a good game! It's been a long time coming.. Go All the way to the super bowl!
I want some head while skydiving
Lady Ga GA is so awesome. NYU chics rock!. Im on a rooftop Downtown, LA humming Papparazzi!
"Can I save myself with one sparkle?" -
Seems like every time I'm waiting on a call, that happens. Or I'm in the shower or precariously carrying a 7 layer cake or something.
Just turned away from #rubytuesday for lunch bc computers are down... Talk about being technology dependent! Cash, anyone?
I love 'social innovation challenge' never heard it put that way before!
Wow this team is ridiculous #MiamiHeat the gave the Blazers the #Ferucho tonight!!
I'm okay I guess. Watching cartoons
Twitter!! Y U NO WORK???
Working on A/V to project of 's skype talk from the perspective of UChicago ethnomusicologist who did fieldwork in
In politics to fulfil obligation - Malaysia Star
Truth is a deep kindness that teaches us to be content in our everyday life and share with the people the same happiness. Khalil Gibran
was adopted fraudulently...by the GRANDPARENTS. Way to go Rachel! Now we wait 30 days for a ruling. Prayers are with those parents.
Good one. RT : Thought of the day: Don't be afraid to fail, because failing does not make you a failure.
To me, it doesn't make sense that it would exist in the world. Then again, I've never been into *any* conspiracies.
We have been tweeting it ALL DAY Chad! Wish you would have followed our directions! Come on man!
“Once you start down the dark path, forever will it dominate your destiny, consume you it will." - Yoda
awesome! count me in
Every day!
“ #keepingthefaith”how can this be happening after 102 win? go Phils
It's beautiful weather to run this time of year, that's for sure.
your life is rough ;)
you guys are on the radio right now :D
RT : RT : wins silver bicycle friendly business award from ! See the other Pgh companies who...
re:Mockingbird, try the Sissy Spacek audiobook instead of reading the book. I didn't want it 2 end.Ever!
Lol get over it
Did I just see an excuse for the Lakers? Hm.....
you're so nice!
All my positives out weigh all negatives !
Luongo is the most inconsistent goalie in the history of the NHL. He's as baffling as the pyramids.
help me I'm poor
Work is too slow.
Awesome meal w last night. Loved the hard-to-find Seikyo Nama and Mabaroshi JD. Goma Saba a must.
because u were at game and I'm sick!! Must be nice man!!
You sound like you've been hanging out at my work.
if you go to forever 21 and highland, use my name and get 21% off anything! name: Elshaday
Happy Birthday Shout-out to Les Paul! May you be still rockin' it out from above!
Battlefield 3 time.
Jim Palmer such a cool bro! Question is Bobby Ross out of uniform! LMAO
Bouta clock out then its on!!!
also I wish I could sing Soberano/Sovereign Hands but it is so hiiiiighhhhh... maybe one day:) why are all my favorite songs so high?
sweet, who wants to crash it!!!
Office Space is still such an awesome movie.
- Thanks a ton. Actually kind of surprised we haven't crossed paths before!
Serge Ibaka lead the #NBA with 241 blocks this season. 2nd was DeAndre Jordan with 135.
Peggy loves movie theater HJ's
One more period!
no!!!! we wont have time to get everything. shes gonna wanna get a soda and ur mom ight have to get the ticket for her
Serioulsy, who is planning on going to the Bears vs 49ers game this Thursday? Let's get a solid tailgate going!!!
follow back and have a productive day
It's almost time for graduation! Yay! So proud and humbled to be part of this group
My mom died of endometrial cancer in 2003. I miss her every day.
Apparently I was singing "Pop, Lock, and Drop It" at the top of my lungs for almost an hour
i really hope my softball game gets cancelled! i want to go to the mal!
i read verse 1 on my telephone and it is amazing if verse 1 is amazing what did u leave for the whole song ????
HEY SIS,,THANKS AND SAME 2 U!!!
Woman gives birth Woman: I think I'll name her Sara. Doctor: I'm sorry, but that name's already taken.. May I suggest Sara89 or Sara_13?
If u tie Mayweather's hands behind his back, tie his shoe laces together and blind fold him... I could take him.
i will now light myself on fire
people that are secure in their imperfections make my heart ever so happy..
CONGRATS on your opening week <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>!!! I need 2 become 1 of ur Go To Actress Mr.Bronner manages me
I hope she publishes the research, despite the family's disbelief. Perhaps a peer-reviewed journal might convince them.
I am pretty sure that anything is possible.
In Sacramento is 1:30am & i'm just enjoying this beautiful night!
thinks now we worry about Green Bay's defense being a scary factor.
the kate upton "cat daddy" vid should be played instead of the star spangled banner at sporting events, etc..
thank you for the favorite! I appreciate it!!! Xo J
My Koi tattoo doesn't = I like to fish. Geez some people need to get out more.
Big day today homie we another day closer to our dreams
Big bruise on the leg today....
“: oh wait Syke you're in Charlotte today! So am I!” Hi Rach, we're heading towards Nashville now! Next time :)
i liked eclipse :) and yeahh i did. not as good as the Twilight series, but still good :D
Ok twitter world. I need help for dinner. Lucky charms or pasta (with homemade sauce)?
Right now watching a replay of MTV Movie Awards which I missed earlier. :)
In Boston celebrating the new year!!
Seger: would be significant tech investment for OUP to enable sharing across institutions - wd have to pass along $ to libs
"One size does not fit all for library services." People want to get info when convenient. Depends on need & context.
thanks for the follow.
Many friends ask me why dont I play out I have'nt told them but I dedicated this gift to God a couple of yrs ago.
we've got #ramps! try out our new seasonal side: roasted beets & ramps salad with lemon vinaigrette
awesome!! Good luck:) send some my way!
you know me do well (:
Omg lol! KG
I did but it went straight to voice mail
Have been since 1980!
Field trip to the zoo w/ my daughters class & 1yr old, at the tail end the school calls & my oldest is sick & puking.
welcoming two charming round pumpkins. Its all about the stem at our house!
Now these asshats at Aetna have transferred me back to the initial options queue. What a fucking operation these turds are running. 38 mins
I do have a problem with that Hannah
updating my itunes library finally! any suggestions? only cool ones accepted...
Oh no! Your neck needs to realize that you have important things to do.
I'm in the crosswalk beeeetch <Pimp C voice>
RT : Please retweet and help us get to 100 followers!
mellowing out to MGMT , laying out by the bonfire and pool <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
Need NYE Plans?The Basement Rings in the New Year w/Bobby Bare Jr’s Young Criminals Starvation League and Rayland Baxter...
Obama's campaign manager is a fucking genious.
Ur welcome too sweetie! :)
I just know that something GOOD is gonna happen! I don't know when, But just saying it could even make it HAPPEN!!
LOL I Saw a cat fall over & knock a entire pyramid display of surround sound speakers over in Best Buy
Our website is back up. We will be posting our harrowing and cautionary tale of website pain later today. Thanks for your patience.
They blatantly admit it. RWNJ said getting rid of Obama more important than working together 4 sake of country. They don't care
Well what are your favorites? =) RT excited to catch up w/ my aunt tonight. what to get, what to get?
There are few worse feelings in this life than hearing someone warming up in the bullpen when you're on the mound.
Time for a run in Central Park! That sounds like a great way to start the day.
i see myself!!!(: lmao!(: i was like being like pounded into the pole!
Let's go swish
Tired...Hung over...inventory tonight...
hard work, commitment and compromise
Ride the Bus tonight! Every hr (starts) bus is on Water St. for 15 mins&every half hr, bus is &Wells! Ask Brothers Bar for more info!
tonight@@@ tonight@@@ Club 212 with and DJ SMOKE!!!!
AH! Woke up 1hr late!!!! AH!
It's the truth. Me and have a wonderful convo, and you just talked about how much you hated me....
If you haven't already, download "Ivory Coast" on our before that shizz expires!
we'll probably schedule an open rehearsal session for either late may or early june.
hello world! look here soon for awesome women's beerdrankin' & beer education events
May the 4th be with you all
(sorry slow response on my part) You can get an I Bike Milwaukee shirt at the store 755 N. Milwaukee St.
Thanks.I work hard to make it better. Welcome to invite friends to send a message or hit email for testing the app.
you wearing it to May weekend?? What day you need it by cause I should have tees by next week
Getting excited for a meeting with one of our favorite brides
Happy Pi Day! Incidentally, it only takes me 3.14 seconds to eat an actual pie.
Polka dot, polka dot, polka dot AFRO....
Focused on moving far away as possible!
#worstfeeling WHEN YOU CANT BOND YOUR HOMEBOY OUT
Just make sure you're not too upset to
Hey there! So glad to hear Kaitlyn is doing well. Nice to hear from you!
So a tourist just asked me was I glad that our tourist season was over. Seems like it's in full force to me. Lincoln Rd is packed!!!
": Wow Donald,William, Maks damn good eye candy #DWTS" seriously! Best season yet!
Though he stumble, he will not fall for the LORD upholds him with his hand. Ps. 37:24
momma told me not to cuz aubreigh slept so long during her nap :/
Thanx for the follow. Spread the word. If anyone needs an event planner Im free for the next 2 months. Im building my portfolio.
tons of fun
I would think so. Its not necessary to have him until regional quarter finals
Wait. You're tall?
Yezzir, our last long run before Marathon. Get back to LA!
Have you been drinking? Is there a fat girl in the back seat.
Got my 16 credit hour schedule of pure awesome today. Needless to say, it was a successful day.
good morning to you alex(;
Oh my goodness, not sure I remember. :( MT : Tweet your first show at First Avenue w/ the #FirstAve42 hashtag for chance to win.
finna get my hair done 2ma
Ugh saturday needs to hurry up and get here alredy so I can leave on the cruise and hit puerto ric
What if you knew my heart is cold, and this is how I naturally am, would you still care about me in the same way?
#RIPRyanDunn we love you you will be missed
Sometimes people will never give you the simple things you want. So either you accept that, or move ON....
PDX radio station 99.5 The Wolf wins CMA Radio Station of the Year! agrees that are big time winners
“: Last day home!! What should I do?” what shouldn't you do?
Another reformed pantser here! My current outline is 35 pages, and I still don't have the last 2 chapters outlined yet.
Getting high on Pixie Stix! Remember those? Freakin epic! XD
The Rock Church Christmas Celebration is Sunday morning 12/11/2011 at 11am featuring original music by Come one, come all!
Bro this is TOO funny.
On my way to the post office, I serendipitously bought something to mail. Doesn't everyone?
I feel oddly defensive of that Battleship movie because it stars Tim Riggins. But, I know. I know.
i aint easy to find , im one of a kind.
Haven't been writing what I'm grateful for lately. Grateful for people who ask for help and make me feel good to help.
I know it's time to go to the store when the fruit bowl is empty.
She's more than BA!
I just wanna drink from the words you say and be everything you need. <3
Hit Up IryMusicGroup For Collaboration Inquiries.
So pissed right now,alot is bothering me...but I can't be stopped. As long as there's air in my lungs I am UNSTOPPABLE. Lots 2 do tomorrow
's mission is 2 balance the bud; refreshingly candid on Cong fail 2 do entitle reform & a Hill wo earmarks
lol now what makes u say that? ;)
It's beautiful outside, I love spring showers..-
yep I'm 21 and I would love to see you in Dewey! I miss you!!!! I'll be bartending at the rudder! What have u been up to? :)
#monte Ellis to the bucks!!!
You have enough things to worry about. let us do the Printing, collating and binding your manuals and handbooks
Getting dressed in the limo. It was the first time of my whole life that I had to run off the plain. Any of my tweethearts are at London?! <U+2665>
Im good...just chilling out....
The downside of having neither Duke nor Missouri in my final four means I do have a team like Murray St in it. Go Racers!
Bout find me something to eat aint ate all day smh
he boy gave the girl a rose101 100 - the present and artificial oneand he said:"I will love you for as long as the latter does not wither
HI! Tonight's Single Chef show is about to begin! Buffalo Wings & Cheese Steaks. ...Eat hearty!!! 6PM Pacific 9eastern www.TheRoomLive.com
2 hours of sleep and off to Chicago
Soo I was shopping wit my mom for some dresses and I found my prom dress yaya!blue purple and green different colors but it's perfect!:)
It's Been like 7days of no tweeting..But The Money don't stop getting Made ..In the lab Tryna get Mr.Money Maker vol1. Done. 4 WEEK'S
sorry bud.
I hope I actually get more than 20$ because I can never find the best egg:(
WE HAVE THE LEBRON'S THAT COME OUT NEXT WEEK... COME GET THEM FROM US NEXT WEEK
Should I take a nap?
“: And I totally just downloaded some One Direction songs....... #guilty...... :P”
Whatever sauce they put in a BK stacker, is delicious. I just wana bathe in it & call it a day
#YouDontBelongOnTwitterif you start drama ,stalker,crook,hacker,prostitute,ghetto,ratchet, or if you like to mess with people=bully
Bob brought in his incredible stamp collection. Some are from 1930's, mint condition. All well kept & organized. SE 79th & Foster 11-7.
now watching #BabyBoy !!! Dang I love this movie!!! Joddddddddddddyyyyyyyyy lmao
LQL If I can find it.
Nothing fun abt this workout our wednesday group just did. 2.5 mi warm up,,9 hills & 3x400 intervals. 6.5 total miles.
I fucks with it!!
if its no big deal stopp braggin
day #2, skied at keystone, pretty windy but powder in the morning. off to the hot tub, 2nd time today. im gonna be a prune
Thankfully, we don't know that kind of shame.
I'm confused, if you don't care about a "celeb" wedding this weekend, why take to Twitter to tell all of us?
Facebook is not working on my blackberry boo
so unfollowing people that already follows me , and following new ones so they follow me cuz apparently at 2000 followers u get block.
Holy crap, dude.
I LOVE YOU. You're the nicest person ever! :)
She's wearing sunglasses cause her future looks bright!!!!!!!!
U Already Know we be Cookin! RT , bet u know how to make some bomb filipino food huh?! Checkin out page!
Don't take it personally if he doesn't like you, he only tolerates a few people, anyways.
It's a shame about the weather but I know soon we'll be together, and I can't wait til then. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><U+2764>
I don't think I've ever been this stressed before!! God please get me through this day.
Likely to shower in hour and half... Suddenly itchy
2 things I want right now: 1) vampire makeover (i don't even know what that is but it must exist) & 2) a muppet. potential bfs take note.
Generationals and Infinite Jets at the tonight! Sure to be a boisterous fun time!
I absolutely loved spending Easter with my brother up in West Lala. I have the best family ever!
Thanks for following Eye Tech Training! I just returned from Charlotte and met a great group of techs from NC and SC!
Aaron says we may see #thebelt this season?
Popular conceptions of education, identity, and vocation are trying to kill me.
I hate my mom. I swear.
Stay focused!!!! Thanks for the support RT : Cooling on it trying to go in like the Empire........
'Cause if you really wanna be alone I , will throw my hands up 'Cause baby I tried.
RT : Yo momma so stupid she thinks Taco Bell is a mexican phone company.
like what?!
oh p.s - we have a ton of merch haha if you'd like some for free just let us know and you can clean us out. thanks again. gav
BIG announcement coming from Radiant and Neal Morse tomorrow!! Musicians keep an eye out...
Sorry that last tweet should have mentioned
I see a blog in my future...stay tuned.
happy birthday! Xo
Hair went killa
ok, well whenever it gets scheduled again, ya'll can let me know.
patrick u look good
Hacking my twitter Katie?
i want to use this when i'm home
what's goody?!
touché: some needs to wing it's way transatlantic in June.
same ad agency? is the agency behind the new JC Penny ads the same as the old Target agency?
Live blues NOW at Loughmiller's!! $3 Bud Light Pints, $5 Crown u calls, Half-Priced wine bottles!!
So cool! Have an awesome time!
feel better my man! Make sure tends to your every need! :)
I lick her ice cream she lick my ice cream cone.
Death - Sacred Serenity - Symbolic
buahaha, I know! Dude, when's your graduation? Mines on the 17 well, my promotion or whatever the fck you call it.
NO! Who will I get my life lessons from if not Ron Swanson, Liz Lemon and Leslie Knope?
I think I should go home before I kill myself or destroy my phone.
If you have an event or promoting something & need me to send out a tweet 4 u. Let me help, send me an email
susan boyle video has most everyone teary-eyed in the library today
Finished up recaps of both #MLPFIM S01E23 and the 1974 martial arts flick SLAUGHTER IN SAN FRANCISCO today. Sunny weather is so inspiring!
Soaking it all in!!!!!! so excited about the future....
I agree, but not sure what policy solution is. Reduce caps on borrowing from Feds? Regulate private loan market?
Just saw actual #Aztecs article in Sports Illustrated-5 pages. Xtra on byu game "How the MWC Will Be Won". Pics: players & Big Heads
This should be a clean wipe for MITT ROMNEY.CONSPIRACY THEORIES are made of the UNFORESEEN and personal gains. NLD Mom/cancer survivor
#IndieMusic MP3: Amanda Jo Williams – “The Bear Eats Me”
Lets go checkout the backseat of my car? ;)
Don't miss us! Saturday, April 21 @ Station 4 in St. Paul.
will add the fourth star asap!
Nice save, LL.
#ProLoveMarchATL is a rally to promote #peace, #love and #unity. Happening in Atlanta next month. More details soon.
so I may have definitely just done a cover...
.... And I said: "I've lived in the south before, it's not that bad."
Your making all of us feel bad. We all thought there was a defined purpose to surfing #Facebook for hours.
........ New products and colors coming this SEPTEMBER.
PIMP COFFEE!
uh maybe because it is?
Fatboy® will be relaxing at in ultra-creative Connoisseur Lounge filled w/ a unique mix of modern art!
Turn out the lights the parties over
Yes! Very well said!
Snuggling up next to my pillow ! Goodnight;)
To Small for me, I need a man's man! A women's touch is not bad also.........Ola
don't ever think that :]]
I'd prefer Mario Bros.
i yawn all day, as soon as i lay down, NOTHING...
pretty sure all is fine. i think we are both going. we are even planning wardrobes. haha.
Cold, windy and wet. Spring arrives in Seattle dressed in winter clothes.
I may try it one more time, but a different flavor.
yea that's the time is ok the later the betta
Looking for my stylish 1959 wrap to keep WARM after watching him! :)
did I REALLY need those Barbeque Potato Chips.
havent really gotten to play w it yet haha
Love me like I love you
TBones first selection in his Thursday #MLB 2 Pack starts in 10 minutes! Dont miss out, afterall he is consistently Top Monitored!
Is a gay Ass movie RT : The devil inside
You spat? I'll chalk that up to auto-correct. Maybe.
Expect the worst.
“: No i will not be tweeting during the game ... Big game requires everyone locked in including me haha” fired up for this!
Hi Josh, like 2 share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist u better understand how much people LOVE your clients. Follow 2 DM?
Go Milwaukee! love The Femmes, and Bergdorfs...(of course)
OMG giants win. Free cheese special w/ purchase of 2 large pizzas all day tomorrow @ Big tomato Miami Springs
At the very least, take this series and split with BOS, and I'm ecstatic.
“: Rep Stanton..what happened to black folks in this country was.. wrong, what has been done to gay folks is no more right #coleg”
If there is such a thing as good leadership, it is to give a good example. – Ingvar Kamprad
gm there r 3 weeks left before the election. i need u to bring a positive change to Baltimore by voting for me. im abt to be on wolb 101 ...
ever since 5 i've. Been watching nothing but Bam's unholy union!:)
FYI Q Cafe is now opening at 7AM!!! Come by and get a delicious hot mocha before your day Thursday Starts!
How did it end 14 YEARS AGO?! That's insane. RT : Seinfeld's last episode aired on this date in 1998...
it has been a while
This 1 guy would let his dog shit in the halls&just leave it there.2guys kept arguin with him,telln him clean up his dog shit
Damn...djn Thur.-Sun. Is getting to me ... I love it!
I can't imagine how my life would be without <U+2764>
thank u :)
Success is blocked by concentrating on it and planning for it. Success is shy -- it won't come out while you're watching."Tennessee Williams
Ya haha idk how he even got brought up into this haha
thats not a real man that can't accommodate the basics
omg where!?! texas, maaybe?[;
#schoolmemories being posted with geekin on all the stuck up bitches and "cool kids"
2.2.2 is a particularly bug riddled version. I'd upgrade if you can stomach it.
u gonna try to tell me sexy lips lol u funny
: 3 challenges in making a smart room: 1) comment length, 2) experience dilution 3) filtering.
As I have nothing better to do today, think I'll call Verizon re broken phone, HP re broken printer, and the appliance guy re broken stove.
Having low blood sugar and not being able to get it up <<<<<
Not a whole lot... enjoying the weekend, gearing up for Wednesday's #SMlunch - what up with you? RT what up, drew?
God only can make worse then it all ready is
Call It: Mario or Luigi?
We may be young but .500 regular season is unacceptable. Plus if we are allowed to go to a bowl we could have a losing season.
Didn't expect Miami to gel this season, but if they find their roles & perform like they did today in the playoffs, the NBA Finals await.
well I hope you bring your grade up:)
Itchy bug bites? Try a little liquid soap.
thanks for helping to clarify :)
I luv how #Twitter defends ppls #tweets from our gov't etc.<U+E41F>
What 3 NFL players current or retired, are constantly compared like Michael Jordan, Kobe Bryant and Lebron James?
if they're so annoying, why do you keep reading them?
Good morning!
I guess so....YOU are the "expert," Wyeth.
Its a beautiful day in Miami!
So glad I have the chance each day to broadcast your music on the radio. Keep up the good work.
never postpone a wake & bake, it's unethical.
Just gave our server at IHOP a 103% tip. Pay it forward.
keeping an ever watchful eye
The WSJ iPad app rocks. No more awkward paper newspaper folding/reading/crumpling.
"We tried to make something that would work between churches, hymn driven or contemporary type." ~ Be Thou My Passion // Song Story
Hello twitter
RT : NBA's Most Improved Player is Kevin Garnett
you definitely should! They also give discounts to professional artists. Wow, I sound like a commercial.
Oh that's cool:)
If you have a late practice or a game eat an early dinner but don’t forget to refuel after with a light meal or small snack.
Off to the theatre to perform my show My Brooklyn Hamlet
I love talking to my son about him taking my cats! But he wont :(
are you here? i shoulda brought you what i got for you
I'm with ya girl ! Let's stay possitice together & wait for that day follows us :)
Lmao random question but Why do people say "make whoopie" that sounds crazy lol. Just a thought
what's your fave?
Eww! I hate when I can see someone's crack when they sit down! Put your buttcrack away.
lol Thats Cool , I Know Her And I Think My Management Will Handle It If It Comes Down To That
RT : Make sure to come to 's meeting tonight at 7pm in MGC 203. We will be voting for the next e-board!
You should come chill with me :))
My goal is to have 50 "likes" on our Facebook page by 2012.. Help us make this happen.. Thank You!!
happy bday sir :)
The most useful piece of learning for the uses of life is to unlearn what is untrue. ~ Antisthenes via
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
Watching the office.
Great insights on Schumann from
Has anyone seen the movie bum fights?.
Idk when in life I got to be such a bitch but eh I like it lol
Cabin In The Woods was a fun and original script. Worth a check-out!
Listening to interview on
About to learn about understanding the social customer from
so i see yu got jokes now lmfao
Ok be mine.
Tapping out early. I put the pedal to the metal too often.
*looks at you* i still dont remember everything... But i remember running in the woods with you... *smiles slightly*
Having lunch by myself
Administrative law controls the activities of businesses, industry, and individuals. It can overlap with criminal law.
My 7 year-old daughter has just informed me that her life is as unfair as SHARECROPPING! I feel a political lesson coming on...
wow. the way people treat other people, out of spite??
I liked it! I hope the volunteers who run KUSF can get their station back on the air. KTRU is fighting to stay on the air.
My drive to study is basically non existent at this point.
I'm so tired
focus? what focus? :/
yep, I think I found a winner.
Sean carroll. Six arguments in 'the manual of denialism.' 1. Doubt the science 2. Question scientists' motives
“: Can You Niggas Eat Breakfast First Before You Tweet About Eating Some Ass! Dam”
Yu fuckin up my fantasy team!!!
Aviance asked If I wanna come over her house all late.. I'm already somewhere.
Yes a computer has beaten me at cess, but who do u think won the boxing?
thanks, I'll always be having new items rotating through
Salted nuts? These are more like nutted salt.
Is the Federal Government compelled to cover for self-inflicted wounds as Sebelius & Axelrod fall on own swords?~D
well, i want meet new ppl :d
Going outside! algebra 2 sounds fun today :D
Zombie Mode = ON
2DAY IS THE DAY IM NOT GO IN, SO ENJOY
i love how 2bff can go from hating 2 liking each other in the matter of seconds
Closed tonight for maintenance, ritual sacrifice.
Omg I think so,
Come On JJ!
Early this a.m. I was in a hurry & desperate for an April Fool's jk, so I told my husband I pooped in the bed. What's bad is he believed me.
I'm back!
RT : If you constantly show that you genuinely love your customers, your customers are more likely to love you back.
I feel an infomercial coming along. But, you will need a semi-washed-up celebrity spokesperson, and free shipping for $19.99
“: “: Well I wil see your stupid and raise you llamas!” BEST SENTENCE EVER!!!” It's what I do ;]
Are your animal print pants out of control?
Hope you are not w/ former U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney....If so LOOK OUT!
Our neighbors at 23rd and Norman are having one of their "loud parties" again. They are probably the worst human beings ever born.
cook hell it's time to go to bed nah....lmao
yes i have in fact just decided that i will not finish the greek reading for tomorrow
I see, interesting.
Yep. If my husband eats too late, he reconfigures workflows all night - jobsite hates to see him the next morning!
Ew! Doesn't that violate your lease agreement?
Thank you to all the Corazon customers who love attagirl! A new shipment will be on it's way soon!
Spin class this morning from the instructor from hell, Dance class tonight from the best! Can you say bathing suit?
Axelrod acknowledged this morning that Obama's policies are not working and advocated a new plan for the new term.
Ah ok, that makes more sense. I wasn't aware of that.
Sick of seein Jennifer Hudson on my tv!
Either you meant to say 'cheese' or you've discovered how a sneeze smells. Damn auto correct. It'll get you every time lol
yup! Every thursday. I use to take money Thursdays but I'm taller gurl who does pat downs. Jus let me kno if u need G-List ;)
Dude. They need to meet and be skanky together.
New day, new expectations <U+263A>
Feeling good about tomorrow
could it be that you're targeting/hating on Pinterest because it's a "feminine" space compared to the mix-gendered Facebook?
Our homegirl would be excited to chat set something up with you.
*laughs* maybe he is
shut up, u dont even know me! "get a life" u fuckin get a life, instead of telling 14 year olds to get a life
It amazes me how my husband can always pop #popcorn perfectly without burning a single kernal!
Hope that wasn't preachy. It's not the most beautiful material but it is ideal - most S FL structures are of concrete block.
Rofl she can't stand him lolololololz
*Spurs, Parker.
The entire bed moved...
It's a great day to get tan.. with a friend! Refer a friend to a membership today, mention this ad, and you'll both receive a free upgrade!
good things come to those who.... work their asses off!
ONE WEEK TIL BASEBALL!!! The world is looking a lot brighter, kids.
#ThatDepressingMoment when u do all that pushing, then u look and its only that lil ass terd
It's the most wonderful time of the year... #NHLPlayoffs lets go!
So I'm wearing no underwear under my graduation gown. Wardrobe malfunction, leggo.
It's a habit.
Looks like we are going to be able to make that announcement after all! Thanks for the #FF everyone!
I'm feeling like da fool. I was kinda believing all the $hit u were talking yesterday, and now look at today. SMH!
Not even a "just" in there MT CEO Lynch speaking to Rotary tmw. Talk's title? "The U-T...no longer a newspaper." Seriously.
if I was your "boyfriend" by
National Postgraduate Medical College of ... - Recent Nigerian Jobs
sick and tired of behind my back bitching. you already know who it is.
Drop the puck already
I can be your buzz lightyear
Bout to get our potato chip hike on with
Its a beautiful day here at the bus stop in cherry creek. Still I am having visions Dark City. Shell Beach or bust.
I feel like it's been a couple of weeks since I tweeted. Just haven't had too much time.
to think you actually cared.
oh well it will make it more elusive ;)
thinks I should tweet more..here goes it.
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much ~ Helen Keller
yeah surfings awesome. yeah, born and raise. grown here, not flown here hahahaha (: you?
Avoid sugar shock: Have a fatty snack (ex. nuts, chesse) 10-30mins before your meals to slow sugar & remain fuller longer.
Social Media: the gateway drug. (Honestly I think it is just my laptop)
RT : a connection is made?
13 runners left on base. bullpen explosion yet again. good times.
^_^ yayy my day has just been made .
I have a new pre-recorded phone line on Niteflirt for all of you little cash pets! :)
Ted Thompson is probably hoping Dancing with the Stars goes until next March.
#Happy Mother's Day to all great my great mothers.
Ha.Im in love with five guys who dont even know about my existence,yet I know everything about them.
lmao that's my boy he cool ass hell just make him tell you funny stories & he gonna make you laugh more
Super Cute!
Spending time on Google+ Noisy but I like it. Setting up differently fr here, niches for conversation. For random learning twitter rules
YOU ARE THE BEST, I love you so freakin' much!. it's crazy<U+2665> please follow me! #PutYourHeartsUp <U+2665> 0
Where are you taking your mom this weekend?
Retired the old version of my book.
Just watched you 2 performances on THE ROYCE GLAMOUR SHOW. Great job LIL BRO. Congrads on ya TROPHY
Wow! An Orientation video for Jurors! With SWEET MIDI music. [circa 1986, at best]
i wonder if web access data for each demographic group has been factored in these correlations? ethnic makeup is not sufficient
one is tweeting right now from Epcot.
Awake for sure . . .a car alarm has been going on and off since 4am. . .ugh. . . coffee now, please.
Just fell asleep laying here.. It's time for bed.
I certainly would, Red! Thanks for the shout out. On my way to Fenway on the Mass Pike with the BLOHARDS!
In'08 McCain bragged about his demerits at Westpoint, but #Obama was president of Harvard Law Review & Hillary excelled at Yale Law.
Hope to have our new documentary film on Petr Ginz shown in Canada
I couldn't agree more! Ah! I cannot wait. <3 You can just tell by the look in Chuck's eyes in Casino scene he's so in love...
thanks for sharing. It's been several years since I stopped blogging but want to start again. thanks for the encouragement!
I've always been under the impression that the Ricky Wilson on Verlaine's first LP was _not_ the one from the B-52s.
A blind man was calling an end to his relationship with his girlfriend. I'm sorry I can't see you anymore. (thanks to Gerry)
Hope to see you at Yuri's Night #DCDrinkUp tonight at :)
Maybe I will have to sponsor a grant competition, I mean, wait, let's see, Twompetition, to see who can incorprorate this into their class.
no. Soy uno de Los miembros de la banda.
Awesome. I do have a B&N gift card burning a hole in my pocket, so perhaps on my next visit.
Both Salvatore brothers are interesting and complex characters in their own way.
Roses are red, Violets are blue, Friend requests are great, but who the hell are you?
Looks like I'm not going to mayfest this year...
#OverheardAtGeorgetown "We're going to turn the Kinsey scale into a möbius strip..."
I'm looking at her pussy she can keep it I just want a Blowjob can u keep a secret ;)
Retweet me with your favorite tailgate memory!
PickUpLine: I<U+FFFD>m starring in a porno movie. Would you help me learn my lines?
just got my new dress so excited for wednesday!!!!
is a painting MACHINE
awesome. Just moved to Glendale!
This day is going to be rough.
Traffic ain't no joke out here.
It's Hopkins again, jumper good! 47-46 Dogs
hehe puberty, maybe u did something wrong.
RT : Let me suggest Microsoft OneNote. 90 day trial on their site. My writing productivity tripled in a week!
im soo depressed now:(
make sure you fill out one of those "how was your experience here today" cards, lol
ah that's happy hour..... But you'll be happier too!
Gas is 3.94 at walmart. Get it while its hot. Everyone else in avon is
Looking For A Haircut ? Call US 305.866.1940 Thank you !
SO great! Best mentor ever. Hopefully more about Agave. I'm hooked on it.
Working on political #SoMe strategy. Love that Socialmedia allows poltical figures to be transparent, open, and honest w/ their ideas.
Birds of a feather truly do flock together. Spend time with people of
What do you do? I eat one cake chocolate! Love
this is some sort of joke right?
Super soaked + ladder + hot water = cleared satellite dish! Yay!
Happy Easter
Lost Occupation, Lost Art as Sports Cartooning Declines - New York Times
Waiting in line at best buy
I'm having nightmares :((
Try our Thanksgiving Pizza! Garlic Sauce, Turkey, Mashed Potatoes, Green Beans, Stuffing & French Onions! Side of gravy optional.
Today is a really good day to be a powerful listener...it may improve your bottom line...think about hearing what folks are saying today...
Can I please send you my amazing spec of P&R? It has blown away industry writers! Please contact me. Thanks!
You're a Father Ted fan?! I think I just fell a lil bit in love with you! :)
We are looking fwd to Philanthropy Day! Our Board Pres, VP of RD, Dir of RD, Dir of Marketing, & Grant Writer will be there!
Ugh, no much to do, so little time, and not near enough energy!
Yesterday when it rained a little, Aidan screamed, "THE TREES ARE HAPPY!"
right on man bar is called Innjoy it's in my neck of the woods
please follow me back?? <3 :D
was thinking same :/ How has no one intervened in this shit show?! Kids are screwed
Come by and see for yourself! RT : I hope that 120 min isn't killed yet!
call the contact provided earlier on that site.They move the meeting date due to the holiday
Im trying to get to #2000followers....give me a shoutout....I'll do the same
Refs, what about that walk -3
networking is key join me and i follow you
All you need is 20 seconds of insane courage and I promise you something great will come of it.
That was a great fucking movie
Good luck! Please rub your success in my face...perhaps you shall motivate me.
Today will be the first time shooting a same-sex wedding! Its also my last wedding of the year.
“: looking forward to havin you back in Denver.” can't wait to see this
Now artists have the ability to interact with their fans! Part of the digital world!
when the stitcher app on my phone freezes, which is often, it plays a WTF as soon as it unfreezes. no matter what I had on. wild.
Looks like I should be winning at life then...
After an amazing week of events in Beverly Hills and Hollywood is heading home to SD!!!!
your gonna go though?
I am more animal than the zoo allow
nice. Are you working 19?
I will beat you with a mother fucking baseball bat.
The person with a talent they are meant to use will find their greatest happiness in using it. Goethe / God created you with purpose!
Tilted and a bit burned out from all the big games the past few weeks so driving back to SD tonight. Til next time LA's friendliest!
Ha! I'm not gonna lie, it is for me too.
5 zillion individuals in the United States are affected by drug and alcohol make use of
that awkward moment when you realize you talk to someone on Facebook or Twitter more than you do in real life..
Journeying into the wild
#Thanks to the #Native American writers,actors,and #AUTRY for your support of the #SKINS WRITERS GROUP.
Hello Monday! Hope everyone had a beautiful weekend.
No, now see, that would be reserving any dumbass remarks.Very different from smart ass remarks....like the one I just made.
Wise and mature people never depend on others for validation, happiness, or a forecast of their success!
Happy Birthday Coco Grande
congrats Kelly to you and all of your guys as well as Ronnell Lewis w the Lions. BD
When someone lies to me I want to drop-kick their fucking balls
Man i swear they aint..Me i just like wearing/having nice shoes..Idk why ppl cant just be reall about it
I know...everything!
#shocker! D. Rose got injured...
If you're in #Indy tomorrow, head downtown at 11:30 for the St. Patricks Day Parade. We'll be walking in it with all the agencies!
RT when someone try's and fail and then try's and fail again.do you think that someone is going to get back up and try it again or give up?
We have pick up RT : I am thinking about joining you this am---one ? - how are we getting back to NBC?
nice. Beamer Benz or Bentley.
The new web site is out of photoshop, and into Espresso. Some css tweaks and it'll be going live very soon. Coming soon the new edroper.com
Good morning Princess! You have a blessed day too! Doc
congrats on turning 4 months old! Your Sixth Sense and Social Network stickers still draw many laughs on the minifridge.
Something tells me we have psycho monkeys on the roof... Production Office
Rae from giving a great talk on ArchaeoCart--quite a trooper, competing with construction noise outside!
love da tat
This crazy habit I have is running away from love maybe u can be the exception to that. ~Taylor swift
": head over here already lol" when school ends ill try to go up there LOL
#NP this neyo song single. Kinda feeling that track
what happened to blake griffin tonight was what i was hoping would happened to him since last season.
Where are you going? You don't need to fly to get to Helen
Who's heading down to the Maple Sugar Days at the Wehr Nature Center on Sat 3/24 and Sun 3/25? Family fun!
The death of the CD is nowhere in sight! We're jamming!! Hit us for your CD & DVD replication & custom t-shirt printing! Thanks everyone.
What do you think of our home in the 3rd Ward?
So they really playing swag surfin on the radio?!?!? *changes station*
The REALCHANGE Project continues: Say Yes to Education Gala Tonight!
Thx Kristen, it was! Hope you are settling in well to your new exciting gig in NYC.
need to try some
thanks AL!!! Right back at ya! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
In 1 wknd it went from baseball season to football season to hockey season in philadelphia.
Add to that surround sound, if you have that kind of system, and Blu-ray is still a very attractive option.
Bittersweet. Was renewed for half season & it will probably be its last because NBC doesn't know what they are doing.
Hey happy birthday and I had a great time last night! Thanks for having us over!
My belly hurts <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
We do this lol ": Looking at your bestfriend and laughing because you know what they're thinking."
Greetings Ms. King! Is there an email address in which you can be contacted? Thank you!
Love is the magician that pulls man out of his own hat.
Casting for my new Video MFL'ER email all pics and contact info to check in with for more info
follow back for business inquires I would love for u to be the face of my upcoming hair launch
I shall text you now BUT my service is out and I promise I will text you! And I getta new phone sometime so ill wanna text
Aww.. Mombo Jombo. Fitting that you'd have a sing-song name for her like that :)
I wish I was
Good luck today to all the Boston Marathon runners! Be safe!
#thatawkwardmoment when a guy sends a mass text and doesn't know you have an iPhone
Casey KotchRocket says Matt LaPorta can keep his ass in A lol
Can't wait til and I are in Albany and Pittsburgh to see !!! Valentine's day with my 3 Fav. boys? YES PLEASE!
"It's worked so far but we're not out yet"
Thanks for the RT!
HOLLER IF YA HEAR ME, a new musical featuring the songs of Tupac Shakur and directed by Kenny Leon, is being prepped for a Broadway run.
definitely ok so when r u free?
Phillies vs. Yankees today at 1:05 televised on CSN. Cole Hamels starts on the bump for the Phightens. Can't wait!!
Criminal justice exam.. Come at me bro
no worries :D
Now at 367. Wow!
it's none of their fucking business, you hate when people get into your shit, tell them to get out of mine.
I was just as pleased upon learning that one of Brooklyn's newer yogurt shops would also be called Culture!
Pasta & garlic bread.... Home-made...
New Boyz performing LIVE at Club Sevilla in LBC sell out expected!! Pre-Sale tickets available @ www.FlavorUs.com/SevillaThursdays
Haven't been tweeting lately because I've been drinking with underage kids and going to the "Evans School Prom".
oh no! Sending you positive vibes from Boston :)
My friends putting me down yesterday saying I will never meet and he will never notice me. <U+E058><U+E411><U+E107><U+E407><U+E023>
Makes sense. Those hundred flowers aren't supposed to bloom in the fridge.
I think a small DIY kitchen facelift is in order this weekend.
We are happy to serve!
deep thanks, hope to visit & perform some time in the future! cheers. -CK
Daily GTKY question: What are you doing for Super Bowl?
on the plus side... Only like 17 more years till you get to experience a buzz again
Austin Mahone,you're my life<3
Teach Me How To Dougie :D Pleasee?
I love you more! :)
Are you kidding me. Netflix doesn't have Better Off Dead. What a joke. An epic waste of money. Good thing I own the Beta. I mean DVD.
Please follow these nice followers of mine! ! Thank you guys for the #FF!
Kellin Quinn's daughter will be hot.
Wow , often wonder the same thing? Its funny because we always seem to want more, despite having everything we need
GLAM (Galleries, Libraries, Archives, Museums) gets award for best #aam2012 acronym. Brings to mind sequins & gold lamé.
i think i just fell in love with a map called squirrel highways by denis wood
Change is good... Or is it
Movies Opening This Week Movies Opening in Theatres This Week
“: Hey #ASAEGW come to the #ASAEtech "March Radness" Happy Hour at #DC on 3/15 sponsored by #assnchat”
Massage relieves stress, eases back and neck pain, among other wellness benefits!
U're welcome.GREAT SOURCE OF INFO!My goal is2help people achieve their dream:go2 college.I was helped;now is my turn
You are not into the nasty bits,but go to Rome for pizza! If you get taken to dinner don't ask what Quaratella is !
Late start Monday <<< still gone be tired…
Watching Montana in the LLWS...they are from Billings, but still I feel like I have to pretend I'm a Montanan and root for them.
Writing continues... announcements very soon.
Correction: To donate to the American Red Cross, text "redcross" to the number 90999.
RT : eating at Gingham... - So far so delicious.
ABC's upcoming fall "Malibu Country" sounds oddly similar to the plot of "Hannah Montana."
That's might be a good start.
We are gonna watch dumb and dumber? Well yes i'm american hahaaha
RT : include quick (~30s) interviews of highly visible entrepreneurs who relay a story @ FAILING at this #lrnchat <GOOD one
“: offically listening and loving #withoutyou” thank you! Xo
Lots of love to all my new (and not so new) followers. Your support is much appreciated. I need to start talking again.
BRO I WANNA GO. SKATEBOARDERS ARE DE SHET.
Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness
Lmao RT : Looking for a yungninja like u lol RT : No idea why Jim jones mom is in sin city lmao
Let's go CUBS!
haha! i'm just sitting at home watching tv lol
Today I got to touch a shark and see a lion for the first time in my life .. now time for a nap then some hardcore studying
so glad it helped and that you were able to finish up the test. A scavenger hunt was a great idea!
Are you girls doing any after work events? Let me know. Thanks.
very brave of you Katie ;)
RT : Sometimes we treat the Bible like our country's Constitution, with too many amendments, conforming to what we want it to be.
Spot on!
Deadline: May 14th to sign up for THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting Director Heidi Griffiths Workshop next week.
Battle of L.A # Dos or Tres. I can't remember. Still good. Watching on the East coast though so it's damn late.
No luck getting signed to mostly because we're holding out for the big-time money and steez with
Putting my portfolio together!
Increase shot clock to 30, add 5-count and shorten season from 82 games to 60.. Now we're talking!!
's singing sesh in the shower right now is really tempting me to record her.
I love white people. Only you guys will chase wild animals with cameras and make a tv show. "Animal Planet, Deadliest Creature, Cops..."
thanks brother, spread the world!
All I need is the #centralparkloop and my music. PEACE.
unaddressed? The point of the editorial was to address attacks from left re: time in Minnesota
Fair enough! I'm not sure how many "mod bloggers" there are, but there should be more... in bowler hats
wow, small world! sorry to miss you.
Joel osteen taught u that? Lol
good luck
I just kinda estimated the amount of damage it's done to the world and then put that as the reward
Happy mothers day!:)<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327><U+E022>
Your face tickles my pickle
Why o WHY would u ever put a light switch behind a door? Its a cruel joke that builders probably laugh about every night before they sleep.
I *LOVE* that 's at bat song is Bieber's "Boyfriend"
you have pretty pretty eyes Cody!
Paul George : a beatles super-fan?
We get it you drink, smoke, and party all the time. You can stop tweeting about it.
Smooth move AJ!! Good grief!!
mine too!!!! I'm a very logical person but unfortunately not everyone operates out of logic..then I get stressed out ..sux
On The Fone With My Bby
What a fine establishment this hospital is. You can tell they really care.
GREAT, you drive to bobo next
There is nothing worse in the world than thinking you have a chance when you really don't.
Finally getting fast internet service in Stowe, VT. Life is good.
DANG IT! that stupid zumba song is stuck in my head!!!!
Things seem to be escalating in Korea and I worry endlessly about my dear friend in #southkorea .....
Awkward!! Can't wait for this to be over...
Okay, this whole 'spring forward' thing is highly over-rated. Can we just 'fall back' now ... please?
Fear not, paultards...your fearless leader is conspiring to secretly steal all the actual delegates. Onward!!
I love it that the checks out the hockey score during intermission. They won.
Update: I was just told by uncle Gene that he has a collapsed artery, and is getting stent surgery & he should be OK ?!?
Finally watching The Hunger Games! My roommate is letting me third-wheel her date to the movies.
Exactly 100 tickets left to Grab your pass soon. I'd hate for you to miss this event.
Its nice in spring:)
I am getting addicted ! Can't stop buying. Love what you are doing. Today's offer is fantastic.
#tacos! #beer! gets me. She really gets me.
Haa brother comes home with a Krispy Kreme hat :P
Working on a small project to keep me busy in between big ones.
hey , you gonna be in town tomorrow? I'm spinning my new mix at Voyeur on the main floor
Why yes I did bring my own beer cup to the movie theater I'm seeing #moneyball at.. Why do you ask?
School out's for the summer. How shall I fill the next 10 hours. Will involve 40's, alleys, art.
Word. RT : Netflix killed Blockbuster, and Hulu will kill Netflix. So much death, and I still can't watch live TV on the internet.
having a really hard time containing myself
RT : Tomorrow, we'll live blog the release of a sea turtle. We'll be on the beach at 8am for minute by minute updates as our...
“: Miami and Laker fans think they can't lose.” << shit idk what Lakers fans you know, but I know we can get our ass beat lol
looks great!
if you could somehow combine those two things.... Traffic storm.
have a great trip.
Maxwell + Jill Scott at MSG presale tomorrow!
Be safe. Be happy. Get a designated driver tonight.
ANN IM OUTTTAAA HERE
it is cold here..I wish we could trade a little bit of extra heat/cold and make perfect layering weather in both TX and NY! LOL!
Read a great great script by Dan Fogelman (Crazy-Stupid-Love) called "Nathan Decker" Thought it was for Steve Carell....nope: Ben Affleck!!
If you glare a lot or take anything said on stage seriously, please stay at home tonight. Two shows at Flappers Claremont
God damn. Let's be realistic here. Maybe I should just keep my mouth shut. But fuck.
STOP AT NOTHING!!!!
“ RT : Mosquitos don't just bite you. They also urinate on you after sucking your blood.”
would you bring back the shamrock shake?
Wow my school just had a power outage. And right in the middle of my project I was working on in my computer graphics class
I have finally finished unpacking and restoring my feng shui.
#SometimesAllAGirlWants is for you to plant a big one on her lips...#No #Words just do it my thoughts.
Follow Back Friday: Thanks
RT : Yeah, but that's the way we get down, in a hicktown. -Jason Aldean
just ate a pint/haagendasz/sweet death
Our attitude toward life determines life's attitude toward us-Unk.Remember #attitude has a tremendous impact on every aspect of our lives!
I was there...I heard you...
Brilliant across the board!
i just shared the lol trailer to my facebook people liked it & shared too come on lionsgate i cant wait ah!
Full moon tonite!
WHAT, NO, Why would you want to deactivate ur account!?
Almost 6pm in Chicago and it's still light out! Thank you DST. This week will be full of great warm weather. Can't wait!
I know. Give it a try, I think they're playing some great stuff.
Whens the next youtube video comeing out!!!
Check out our GM Jerry Keyes on promoting our $79 Snowed in rate! #snow # downtownchicagohotels
I remember when Donovan was Rick Pitino's on court extension at Providence.
for real? where at?
I believe all suffering is caused by ignorance.
The ultimate test of a relationship is to disagree, but still hold hands
People ask me, "R. L. What makes what you have to say different from the rest?" Well, I have the credentials, the potential, & the influence
Watch of for the medallion, my diamonds are wracklace. feels like theres a midget hangin from my necklace.
i thought someone was on my roof....but it turns out it was an earthquake
you know it! 6pm. small changes so check the deal :)
what the hell
I think you have to add both of them together.
HOLY SHIT SO GOOD!!! ah this was one of my favorites also!!!!!!
I want to send a special shout out to our seniors, the Class of 2012.
So what is in NONvegitarian wine? O_O RT “: Did you know that there is such a thing as vegetarian wine?!”
This is my 4th anniversary on Twitter, or my 1st if you're one of *those* people.
I agree!!!
HEy ladies wo all got F.M.B? i know i do and if you don't you need to get some.
oh! lol i didnt see ur 1st post got it tho! and that was some funny shit crazy ass british kid lol
P.J Soles said i looked beautiful in red lip stick
Me too! Enjoy it for me...hoping it's not 104 there!
Going to go insane
you on summer break bro?
Work begets work.
I wanted to join the TRS street team so badly but they never emailed me back
#cil2010 confusing, inconvenient, slow, less than immediate information access, limited or incomplete collections all = Broken.
ok, which school is that? and would anyone have heard of us out there?
Bengals are playing really well this year
we are "really" friends
Just putting the finishing touches on episode 2 of Super Duper. Coming May 1st.
. on KDKA in the 6 o'clock hour.
looks amazing, thanks for sharing! And glad you enjoyed.
very little. Mostly in the Lin Shaye explanation of 'the further' scene, that was for story not for tech.RX cleaned up the rest.
Something is afoot.
KEEP CALM AND HAVE
I didn't wanna leave...
Happy #CincodeMayo everyone! Who's going to celebrate in their parks?
Otherwise I might just lapse into wall staring.
“: Those actually sound comfy. Key, though, is you don't wear them outside the house (I think).” -- or with a skirt
Pacino making a mob movie with Christopher Walken right now, 2 dinosaurs shootin the place up.
#schoolmemories tornado drill. I liked doing those for some reason(x
Well, don't look at me!
And the winner is...Amber!!
T1 I think Nurses Week matters. It's important for people to get acknowledgement of their hard work
Gettin people to "beat me up" isn't gonna solve anything.. Your gonna end up dead..
Don't forget -- all brand Facebook pages are switching to the Timeline format on Friday. Are your pages prepared?
follow me<3
but then you aren't I'm the casino, gaming...
Do all discussions pertaining to spatiality ultimately derive their bases from geometry?
lol. Glad you are carrying on the tradition!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
When your mom can't figure out which button turns the Keurig off lol
Top o' the morning to ya Twitter-land! -Jared
There is no magic bullet, no secrete, and no shortcut to the shortcut. The basics will get you to your goals.
david chung???
#TorturedSoul is amazing!!! I had no idea that the lead singer plays the drums. How does he play house drums & sing? Crazy!
yeah. Too funny.
Makin' bread crumbs.
Thanks again Chicago crew for another awesome shoot!
thank you for the interesting tweets, they're much appreciated !
um hello? i want them!
What If Ozzy Was YOUR Father? The man himself has a few tips 4 U!
Didn't see Bluebeard but heard good things. The one I liked was The Sleeping Beauty.
What a beautiful day in November here in Milwaukee, Wisconsin! The Goldeneye ducks have arrived in the lake waters around the park.
Participants create their own vision for America at My American Zine which begins now!
My eye is starting to twitch. Is that from high stress or lack of sleep?
Why be FAKE when you can be REAL retweet dat
She gave me first kiss!She put it right here on my lips! I've never ever felt like this from a K-I-S-S kiss! -Matt Hunter <3
RT : #cnnzombies since you are doing this study, should we assume you will discover this virus and inevitably cause the apocalypse?
BLACK WEDNESDAY, WE ARE OPEN!!!!!!!!!
Union Station! is true, PIERRE wil be sahring lunch with you tomorrow!....Stay hungry my friends!
I have been single for a year and a half now I am ready to get into all kinds of trouble! ;)
bin lin at gpls is a #gangstalibrarian cataloger. i'm really enjoying her presentation style -- very personable.
Cool to have drop by our tailgate yesterday to shoot some footage. Too bad no one will get to see it.
When I go on tumblr and I see Mat Musto's new post. I'm dead.
i wanna swim today. take me to your pool.
May I have a RT? Pls? RT : Friendlies, all new Happy Endings tonight on American Broadcasting Channel at 930!
All that matters is your heart. And the intentions it has.
Tonight we play Irving Plaza New York City. Come out and get your waddle on! Holla
Would anyone like to swap resumes and provide feedback to each other? DM me if interested!
Even tho I lied to him he can actually sang lol <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> haha
How was your day? :) love you. Follow me?
Pistol off in my boxers i aint got time to be boxin
I love my new friends on twitter :)
Swagg bout to go see my car today thats a bet
Firehook is a great place to enjoy lunch! We have a variety of gourmet food and drink items to complement our breads which are made daily.
RT : my mom heard you on kiss108 again this morning
very well and you?
whos emily b?
Happy Hour starts in 20 minutes. 1/2 price sushi, wine & beer!
Spending some over due time with ....just you wait.
Special thanks to and everyone else that came out to show support.
So bummed I missed at #smbmad today! Hope to see them at the 5/20 Dogs on the Square event.
my Poe suggestion: The System of Doctor Tarr and Professor Fether
BREAKING NOW -- FIVE DEAD in house in Port St. John in Brevard County.
my pleasure sir :o)
When people ask me weird questions i have a hard time answering it truthfully
Haha.. burpees can suck a dick, though.
It feels great to be respected amongst my peers. :)
I think its time to call it a night and get some sleep :)
LTHS & LTMS are schools involved in
Happy birthday
I like to see people helping each other!
3 days..then back next week. Fyi--have phils-cubs tix May 17.
when is Hugh next show or performance in London?
S/O to follow him he follows back
dm your number
Stories Abound as NHRA Comes to Atlanta: A Fan&#39;s View
i'm going to need you to calm down...you crazy Paxon alumni...smh
foreal, no one got more #dressgame, or #Sw in Bristol.
RT : Need more Debussy in your life? Free Stop, Look and Listen! this Saturday, 3:30PM, at the !...
cutters the reinforcer football gloves | ReceivingGlovesz (USA)
Went to the store with gabby
#green tea to gangrene: #HealthyMatters Sunday at 7:30 am call 651.989.9226 or text 81807 with your health questions!
oh hell yeah man!
Jones Hall, turn the A/C on in the ladies room. Now!
RT : Cookie Monster: Today me feeling blue. Oh, wait: me look in mirror. Me actually blue. Me know what can cure this: COOKIE.
Spinning the #RoyalsWheelOfBlame. Tonight's winner? The wheel broke trying to figure it out.
Movies not reports.
NYC Mayor Michael Bloomberg has declared Oct 25-31 Magic Week to celebrate the work of magicians. Not something we would do in Toronto, eh?
Omg, last night was an effing mess, smdh
I would have kept on playing until they tell me to turn off the comp.
I can only begin to imagine the glee that my 15 year old self would feel watching and on Twitter.
Do you think the arts are habit-forming?
Never!!!! This tree branch will not beat me, I'm gonna chop it up and show it who's boss!! Muahahahahaaa!!
when's that storm going to be here?
Standing here nd I'm getting heated, pour me up a drink I swear I need it. I think I'm about, bout to hurt somebody.
Where are you going?? You are right near home for me
that's awesome that you went! Lucky you, you got to see some Wack Packers! I really wanted to go to Tampa but it didn't work out.
why does life have to take a giant shit on me whenever something seems like it even has the POTENTIAL to go right?
I don't have a choice but i still choose you
Get ready for Jet Set tomorrow night with with
Stupid Halloween why am I always sick on this damn holiday....
thanks so much for following! you guys are awesome! (:
All my calls tonite are "What Can You Do For Me?".I can do alot with Cash and Cosignor. Agent Potter
Forgetting you have homework <<<<
Thanks so much for the follow, great to be connected with so many people across the pond.
I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me. - Philippians 4:13.
Woo hoo!! Closing in on 45 pounds lost!! Just have to lose .6 pounds & I've got it!! Pretty sure Zumba, spinning, & TRX will do the trick!
I am not a slut but not a prude either...LMAO!
any better direction as to who u are joining yet?
Join for "Conflict Free Campus Break Out" in rm 5 going on rift now.
appreciate it!
Why did this not exist while i was at OU “: 232 spaces in elm ave garage & 182 in asp garage. #UofOklahoma #parking”
celtics had a great game!!! they just did it on the hawks up in boston.....
Had class with edgar today :)
I want to float in a Lazy River.
really?! st. patrick's day? what an interesting choice! ;-)
This Clippers Grizzlies game is getting feisty
You made me blush.
Be regular and orderly in your life, so that you may be violent and original in your work. -Gustav Flaubert
As soon as I walk outside I'm surrounded by musical amateurs
about time!
great meeting you on Sunday! Encourage my followers to check out PW's awesome talents.
I'm having the worst cramps. I swear, if I start my period, i'm gonna bitch slap mother nature.
I can't wait 'til drops his new album, I'm in need of some new new!!
#TeamFollowback Get More and Go To Followback The Other Now....
he scored tonight. (This is the part where you tell me you want to score with him too.) Ha!
Lol I wanted to be the guy that's like YES and then your like No and I'm like Shit! Lol but I didnt feel like it lmao
Plus, even with the change in locale for Revelations, it still feels too similar and gets stale sorta quick.
My boys doing it big early! Keep it up
If you have to choose between me and her choose her because if you really loved me then there would be no choice
Word. You just gotta make one of those late day breakfasts I keep seeing and we're straight. Lol!
This is because the extra saliva helps in keeping the mouth clean There is a place called Hell, Michigan
Cause when I'm with him, I'm thinking of you.
Reds please win a game! go votto, bruce, and phillips!
Truth RT: “: The depth of this #pacers team is too much for the magic to handle.”
- so what's up butt knuckles - when you coming to PHX?
The gem cannot be polished without friction nor man without trials.-- Confucius
Bubbles are always welcome!
Hey disgusting fat naked man on the gym scale, just put on your fucking tighties whites and subtract 2 ounces. No one wants to see your wang
Thanks! Glad to hear the clickers guide is useful. I know it could use an update...
Club Amnesia tonight for Tiesto then LIV!
For 4Humanities advocacy project, important to get past "talking head" model and incorporate video, music posters, viral social media, etc
Doing well Josh. Been busy though so trying to keep up. Welcome back to the wineter wonderland!
Hop in da car and pull da curtains on em
Ew homework it's going to eat me
How is your breathing right now? And now?
In other news, "Welcome to The Black Parade" is trending, which is quite awesome since I just recently became a fan of . :D
mourning love
Who was the new #AmericanIdol they picked to replace #JermaineJones . Oh, wait that was
The White Rabbit would have said Happy Valentine's Day, but she was late and ran out before she could say so.
I don't understand that last same way I don't understand your love of Taylor swift
BTW, drunk Tweets are always entertaining to read... Just sayin'...
Headed to school now! haha im SOO #EXCITED!! :D
Great birthday weekend, great friends.
It is a chance to see what we have done to create that adversity and create something different. How are we responsible?
In order to improve the mind, we ought less learn than to contemplate. - Descartes
Outpouring of relief that the low-rated NBC comedies are returning? Really???
uhm....we'll see about that.
Outside event planner subject of GSA probe
Thank you, Congressman Cleaver for calling these 'stand your ground' laws "asinine."
Thanks! I know I looked at Steamtown too....Did you see the too?
Putting/saying #NoHomo in your "flamboyant" statement doesn't just change things
Are you calling me fat?
Thanks for sending the troops to fight the Lord's Resistance Army. Did you see Machine Gun Preacher? A horrible situation...
You too my dear Yvonne!!! :D
At least my son who is 17 is starting to appreciate different food. He makes his own recipes & likes to cook.
No plans tonight? How about cleanin' out that closet! If you haven't worn it in two seasons + it's clean and wearable it's time to swap it!
Hehe tryn to stay out of trouble;) RT so watu been up too?
i miss u both!
Lol ikr!! How many you got?
so do you wanna wait then?
I have that one song and everythime i listen to it my life feels like crap.. :\
Conferences in pedestrian unfriendly cities is tragic and tiresome
If you are getting sordid, read Isaiah..
naw not till april 23 me cj de rj and a couple other guys from the team
Thanks everyone for your support! Latifa
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Prediction: E-book readers, like Nook and Kindle, will go the way of the Vegematic. But what's next for e-books?
#schoolmemories when Ms.Lopez almost said the word "Fuck" infront of the whole 8th grade at an asembly, because we wouldnt shut up. :D
Are YOU an Adobe CQ5 Architect? I am hiring!!!
": The Dorito taco was so so it's not as thic as a regular dorito: average" Im a Clevelander. Cribbs' word is law
RT : #FIU just picked up its second-ever sand volleyball signee! Welcome to the Panther family, Ashley Prince!
#JustRememberThat when you get out of school, people are going to remember you by how you treated other people.
I recieved spam from your twitter
Daughter With Destiny.....up and about it......gettin ready to look good for my King as I enter into His presence...
is our hero! P.S. We should, we paid enough for them! RT: : #ff because they have perfect teeth!
I've done it before, although... i may have been a little drunk when I did. :)
Goodfellas star Paul Sorvino was hit by a car yesterday in Manhattan. Oops. I think he's okay.
You're welcome (for the follow).
Congrats on NAACP Image Awards! Happy Birthday Tracey! Glad to see Soul Food back on!
RETWEET if you going to SIUC in the fall
I really like the historical references, please do that more often!
:) I saw! Have you seen the new stuff yet?
Some are high profile, and worth it from that point. I've done half a dozen like that.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers out there!!! (:
If you're a PLO player the $5-10 PLO game has been running every day since 3/29. The game is super live w/ free food & massages.
So far this week isn't off to a good start..
"A man should look for what is, and NOT for what he thinks should be."
Come celebrate 10 yrs
watching the playoffs at work..
#FF social media greats
Thanks Tom, nice hashtag haha! RT : Hey ; YOU are doing big things
Got no good pics of last night considering they where off a screen But here's some from the Germany tour (:
play resurrected by priest hood family
Why are you the mayor there? That seems creepy. :-)
u may have underestimated my laziness lol
Just got back from the Ted, and it's a beautiful, breezy day. I wish the Barves had a home game I could skip work for.
Dinner special - Pesto Salmon Salad: grilled salmon over mixed greens with grape tomatoes, cucumbers and avocado with a pesto vinaigrette.
Hey 1st tweet w/ twitter account! Follow Me! <3 :)
Drew Barrymores dress: beautiful or underwater creation? I LOVE it. Elegant and funky.
...Your partner clucks like a chicken during romantic moments OR have Philip Seymour Hoffman close walk behind you everywhere you go
In my own world right now
As you may know, Hunter Hayes will be at Kat Country Jam at the Fillmore, April 23. :-P.
I cant live without food , facebook , and twitter RT if you agree ? (;
had the best time at field day today had a water fight with stupid ppl :o
I wonder! Occupy the marble staircase!
and that pesky firewall mess.
#sandovalcounty taxes are going out today- let me know if you want to contest them!
love that song. An old buddy was admittedly not right of mind when getting a BOC tattoo of the caped deliveryman of death
Whenever you say that, it just means it bothers you, but you brush it aside :/ i know that by now.
Jack Van Impe's favorite NBA team is the Toronto Raptures, right?
It's hard to find someone that cares these days
As usual, there is weird stuff happening in the stock market. The manipulators have gotten some leverage and are pulling the market up.
I need to get on here more. No one ever tweets me though. :/
You know you've lived in a community dorm for a while when you put your flip-flops on I go to the bathroom in your own house Haha
ok so apparently I can't message you back unless you are a follower...I gotta learn how to use this twitter thing LOL.
TY for the shout out!
Granted..extensive testing has not been done, but can e-cigs possibly be any WORSE than test results from analogs? Get real FDA!!
Wishing I was in New York seeing Liu Bolin tonight
Nedved (who?) ties it for Czechs.
When you've been failing a class, then you find out you're finally passing.>>>
Just realized i was in the all-state choir in 2008 with from !
Thanks for the midnight laugh! lol You are too funny!
Such a pleasure meeting Kelly from !!Fabulous lady!Love their pulls!Excited to see #REMAH in their clothes!Xox
If I am going to be a Christ follower I must become more prodigal
After silence, that which comes nearest to expressing the inexpressible is music.
Good morning Austin, hope you have a good day :)
I'm really trying to go night night & #criminalminds won't let me.
My #codcon12 presentation on "Key Points in Systems Librarianship: How to Clearly Use the user = id ten T Registry Entry" was SRO!
No it's the scruffy patchy thing, but he just text me to tell me he's shaving. LOL!!!!
Give whatever you are doing and whoever you are with the gift of your attention. - Jim Rohn
not at all...but I miss my peeps up there!
good luck!
NEW MEXICO GUNS LLC GIVES DISCOUNTS TO MILITARY AND LAW ENFORCEMENT WITH PROPER ID!
3pm time for and
Doughboys will be there for sure!!
You just made my dinner, literally. Thank you!
In my mind, he's a "Nadalist"
try it again..it keeps going down
So officially gone have another kickback but don't know when
just tweet what you feel. it will all come natural.
Pineapple Kush Sold Out
I met a lot of awesome people last night.
It's a Jeep wonderland out here
I got my hair done Saturday and this lady asked if I was getting my hair done for mother's day. I said no I'm just 20.
crush caught me eating pumpkin pie. at my desk. doh. not so glamorous.
#BandsILove The Hooligans, Liquid Lavender, Coldplay, Green Day, The Wanted
make sure u let go of iPad buttons before 20sec...
Follow youre dreams. did and look where it got him :)
Should they have made fun of Angelia's stance? She is a movie star afterall. I'm sure she didn't give a shit.
LMAO at the "Athletic Tourism Committee"
"All of us have fears and dreams, and perhaps the two are not so far apart." <3
"Dang,I shouldn't have cheated,I really miss him..." "You knew what you had,don't complain!!!"
you have no idea! i love it.
Cinecraft has won a 16th Telly Award for the production of a recruitment video for Progressive Insurance!
What's ghetto? Citizen History gets back to the words roots in and before the Holocaust. Haunting
That sucks! if you have our app, you could have gotten reimbursed!
From now on please only refer to me by my burlesque name: Metta Von Teese.
The troop is an awesome show! :D
Right now I'm in Nashville. but I'll be back in Memphis this weekend.
almost #22MILLIONBELIEBERS this family keeps getting bigger :)
Hold your head up, my dear. <3
I wish just STFU
u had jonathan
Great sweep of the doubleheader. Love cleveland.
We've globalized our economy and people. But we have done poor job of equipping our minorities for their future leadership. Simon Rosenberg
Just found some clean underwear in an old suitcase. Yes!!
i'm feeling 'technologically challenged' today. Having a hard time understanding #SpellNumber app on iPhone. i want Emoticons!
My new year's resolution is every day make a #healthierchoice. Today stopped eating leftover indian food when full even though so good.
nope I know c:
yea sadly :(
Spending my weekend with #BREAKING BAD. #r&r
RT : ...When YOU talk about ME it's says more about YOU...
how awesome is that
Will we see you all the NCFAA show next week?
"Are you a Mahomie?" No, I've just got a Mahone related username, an icon of Austin, and a bio about him because I like monkeys.
i want a muffin :P
Just because I can
Actually got a blog post out when promised (last night). Working on Part 3 of the NCPH conference blog post... digital projects. :-)
so how do I get in this mag
hm! What were YOU doing?
I had a great time hanging out last night- Let's do it again soon!
Nothing brings two sides together like a Dodge Challenger...the peacemaker of vehicles ;)
Thanks for coming today! It was really great to meet you!
lightning like crazy!!!!
law and order svu :)
This performance of Raise Your Glass is a hot damn mess
Friend- "hey,can I have a piece of gum?" Me- "yeah, just dont tell anyone you got it from me."
We're trying to name my band, what do ya'll think of "Allen Cruz and the Bitches" ??
show some #love #followhim he's one of the best producers out right now. get at him before he blows up
Sorry no tweets this week on vacation
I'm seeing sun and margaritas in my near future!!! Who's w/me???
And word to everyone at "98.5 The Sports Hizzle." RT : Word to P. Ebb, Sburton &amp; Dan RocheClip.
I cant wait , i want to eat it all >.< lol
No doubt, I appreciate that
Hm...and just where did he get that adorable pink toy? ;-)
Lulz I have a final tomorrow. I shouldn't be here.
in venice today and tomorrow. I can already tell that 2 days just isn't going to be enough.
“: Things may come to those who wait, but only the things left by those who hustle. - Abraham Lincoln”
Exam doughnuts sustenance for the day
Is it winter? Or is it still fall.
Keeping and with the is the ONLY way we're gonna get to a
At Harvard Speech and Debate Tourney, helping out for my high school: SO MANY INNER WORKINGS to a tournament.
#cubs lose #cubs lose... (in my Harry Carey voice)
hahaha no just shade :b and well idk there are some clubs over here that are ghetto and theyre reg. Straight lol im gay too hun(:
I can scarcely believe that LAMs would be considered to have significant competitive advantages over anyone
Read about Every #NFL game and #NFL team in 1 place! USSportspages.com
RT for FOLLOWBACK then tweet me.
Ref's need to let the boys play the game #ravens this is getting ridiculous...
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!14
And now I will debate when/whether I should sleep before my 20 some hour flight at 7 AM. #todance or #nottodance? That is the question.
I need someone in Vegas who can install my FAST EZ-EFI kit...Sometime soon. Anyone? Bueller?
The one thing preventing me from jumping off Aurora Bridge is at Chop Suey tonite. *Tomorrow*, I'll be prepared for jumping.
Good, me too.
and how did you do in the playoffs?
So when you ask me "where is it?" you're really saying "my time is more valuable than yours and I want you to check google maps for me"
Who doesn't!
Hi Ann-Margaret, Our interview is published! www.ponderingpoker.com. Also on iTunes. Hope you like it!
I wish I was a animal because they would put me to sleep to put me out of my misery .
from flannels to sun dresses in a week...welcome to Nashville
Black dude cut in line & started talking shit to one Asian dude
aw c: RT : Drama Queens And Party Scenes
so excited.
Currently I do brokerage agency business. Property management and land development are in my past experience
it says Keep Oklahoma Beautiful...and Don't Lay That Trash on Oklahoma
Global Funding is looking for 30,000-90,000 square foot vacant distressed residential buildings in Manhattan. We do not want vacant land or…
who's going to pick me up in Dallas?
"Goals should be challenging - but not impossible - while providing value." Glenn Hughes
pizza myth? : No, seriously. We've been eating pizza for nine hours.
Wow, that's not annoying ...
I believe U!
also it's Friday
I just cocked my head and did an "aw" face. Picture it :) Miss you!
you mean "ashleigh knows she can beat me up.."
You might end up with a daughter. You can't just plan for a son silly.
Webmail is back-- thanks Technology!
Go Navy beat Army.
I think ima make some pancakes tomorrow for breakfast!.
So we sifted through different iPad audio recording apps to see which ones would record and upload to Webspace and link inside Bb courses...
MC Lars: hip hop as a cultural poetic innovating form derived from history, rap and Shakespeare, bffs!
I will cry if I dont get a birthday tweet, that's litterally all I wanted ALL day! PrettyPlease?
Make sure to use the #alayma for #alamw11. Confused? Ask me! .
(not universally of course, but much more than other age groups)
Watching Star Wars for the first time in 25 years. Jawas are still terrifying.
Ugh, that's what I figured. Guess I won't be getting that photo job with Tiffany's!
what r the favorite spots In ATL for nonunion actors to find gigs.
good to hear. bet that "tap" hurt quite a bit
il see what happens
SHE HAD CONSTRUCTION PAPER IN THE CAR!!! She went & got it. It was eye-rolling night.
Both reports should have an account_code column for matching. Let us know if this doesn't help!
my tweets came late cause I tweeted once and my eyes refused to stay open. I love #Blackedu. It is a necessary dialogue.
& Are carving up some awesome Ice Sculptures
No contest
I want 2 know about hair color=) It's a personal choice, freedom, parent&child decision/responsibility/issue.
I gave a talk at Google headquarters today. Great company. I'm in love. From the bean bags to the attitude. Can't wait to go back. Ann R.
If napping is part of intellectual life in digital age, who can avoid, particularly
Mark Hyman: "food is information... it changes your gene expression and upgrades your biological software"
Started doing P90X. But threw it out because it was too hard. Too hard not to laugh while I was doing it.
Web 2.0 Michael Rubin GSI Commerce 75% of major retailer CEO's did not know what amazon prime was 2 yrs ago
National League MVP Ryan Braun's 50-game suspension was overturned
A week from now, we will be just hours away from our biggest show yet—opening for The English Beat at ! Where will you be?
no he was the typical matt
Today's writing tip: If you can't think of anything to say, go to sleep and dream something up!
Decent #Madoff interview on #60minutes. Perhaps Ruth and sons didn't know, but they are still living the high life, and that is not right.
- oh, I see. Are you feeling better?
I just woke up craving some
interesting question: as artists, i think if you are not in it to promote radical ideas or change, then why do it? (1/2)
I think you need a lil' higher level book Matt.
Trolls: where do they come from? - The Guardian
I think it crazy how like we al have different time. Its 10:44 am right now.
Depressing tweets <<<<<< #dontworrybehappy :-))
There seriously needs to be a better way to get to Williamsburg.
JoePa should not have been fired.
Did you get your PPSS fix today?
i have the first 2 in pdf form on my computer. I may be able to email them to ya
I often look out for others before my self <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
lol .. i know that shit crazy
Does tax season really begin tomorrow? Oh no, not sure I'm ready. But am I ever ready? And yet, I do it every year! Ah...responsibility!
There's something very satisfying in getting the phrasing of a tricky provision down just right.
Been a while, but it's the last month of the year and once again I thank all of the newest followers interested in my services and timeline.
Make sure you "like" us on Facebook - Fritze - German Fest Milwaukee's Loyal Dachshund. Tell your friends! Win tickets to the fest!
hahaha no we were playing against him... It was
..Stray apostrophe in that last tweet. I blame the fact that it's chilly in the office today, can't type str8
When directors start emailing you scripts to see if you'd like to audition, you know you're doing something right
Local websites and magazines, or sites like The Knot, Once Wed (blog) are great to be inspired by.
The works of Amber Eagle at the Menil Bookstore--opening tomorrow night,11/12, 6PM. Come join us.
At least u tried to verbalize. I played "Wind Beneath My Wings" Needless to say, it wasnt well received".
What a week! Comic-Con is now behind me and I am now breaking bread in Moreno Valley with our International Distributors! Excellent hosts.
crashed here after the party..
Great, L2 #7103 not on any schedule, stops 1.5 bus lengths past the stop, then pulls away abruptly. #bustedknee b/c
I heard about that too. That's crazy.
I just can't stop thinking about how i let the tennis team down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I'll take care of it brother ( or sister) if this is sue;)
Three and a half hours on the Americas bidge and still not even at the top of the hump.
Happy Friday! Looking forward to the weekend <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thank you so much, Joelle!
mamba skin is very dry.
Congrats on the win today and weekend sweep
I love cover of Leavin' by Jesse McCartney!!(: <3
Home is wherever I'm with you.
#Top3WorkoutSongs what are they? For me: trapt headstrong, BB I will not bow, and let the bodies hit the floor!
I feel like that's something Kanye would wear if he went on a boat trip. :) Love the neon colors!
Sweet dreams is a nightmare
Same obsession here! Just finished watching all the movies last year.. a bit of a commemoration :)
ok you are the LUCKIEST person ever!
why would i be safe? Haha
I sent you a picture!!!!! & miss you too/:
Welcome To Fantasy Island (that's in my best Mr. Rork impression)
happy birthday my friend #Jeffrey dean Morgan
what's wrong?
Y'all niggas deal with emotions like bitches...
i hate florida weather.
Ah! I hate when nail polish gets sticky. It's EVERYWHERE. O.O
you're tweets get sent to my phone
The truth u hold about people governs ur interaction w them. Do u believe people r kind or do u think they'll hurt u?
Check us out on the web @ www.mrdspainting.com click on our facebook link to see our most recent projects. "we love to paint " and more !
To bad we didn't fall in Love at the same time
I heard that in eckhardt tolle's book - is that your source?
MT Chubb: Schools want digital content access limited b/c of threat ofcompetition (losing students, money)
I know
Fuck #Tumblr!, oh wait....i have one..
i approve
TRAFFIC: WB Beltline at John Nolen Dr - right lane is closed - vehicle on fire. Backups to the interstate already
It was a pretty good afternoon...
How do you know you aren't the top pick of the five ?
this ones better :)
Thanks for coming out to join us!
Been washing clothes since 8:00 its now 1:37 am and we still washing ..smh
Trying this new twitter app
Ladies Night tonight!!!!!! Reverse Happy Hour 7-11pm $5 drinks & $5 appetizers along with DJ Amp C cranking great music!!!!
Know someone that needs to lose weight? Drop 20 pounds in 20 days!! Visit www.facebook.com/LVHCG Find out how now!
Happy Mothers Day to all the wonderful mothers and grandmothers out there!!!
I will
Jamming out to protomen.
how's the ballgame lookin?
RT : it's was great and they answered all of the questions --> Great! We hope to see you in the fall!
so whats next for text descriptive social media?
Let's go Wildcats!
UGH SO tired of being punished for my strength- shouldn't someone rise to the occasion instead of me stooping to down to his/her level?
Going to Chinatown to see the celebrations!
Hahaha this girl got butt injections !!!!!!
double chicken, guac, spicy salsa, cheese. eat and repeat. RT : On my way to Chipotle... Can't stop eating this stuff...
If all goes well, would be fun to bring it out west...
1 in 5 women are sexually assaulted. Making the Violence Against Women Act into a political football is bad government.
she used snot and rubbish. I might be in love. She's adorable!
Take a second to
Pretty much got my ass handed to me... Bugger.
Just watched a news show that made me throw up in my mouth a little bit.
Trying to think of some cool raucous cover songs for upcoming pub gigs...Maybe a Clash tune!?
I've been so tired lately. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
I just don't understand it!! Like who cares if u shout me out!! Smile
donation will be there shortly. I expect an answer in return..muuuhaaa!!! Sorry,as evil as I can sound. :-)” lol
Thanks to everyone who is already following me, including former #Microsoft folks and #music fans
Unique Exhibition Opens in New York
Looking for work is so stressful ...... ugh !
Im sleepy but ima try to stay up till my brother come from prom
Too many fake people
forget about it! Waves of change remix... I get lost in that song!!!
The volume of multifamily and commercial real estate lending is growing; both borrowers & lenders are optimistic it will continue to grow
catch us 2nite - our entire team is partying at #recess - table 6 is going to be a problem
2 pc spicy, red beans and rice, PLEASE!!
There is so much BS investment advice out there that it's a wonder anybody makes any money at all.
It is sincerely appreciated!
I'm officially counting the minutes until we get away for the weekend without the kids (nothing personal, kids. I still love you)!
Sounds like it will be recorded acoustically but "sonic touches" will be added in post production. A little indie rock vibe?
there are two versions: make sure he tells you the sweet one, and not the joke one ;)
Please hold me, I feel very fragile - The Recovery
#FF our singer !! (ME! Lol) That's my personal Twitter, all the cool kids follow that page as well. And I follow all fans back! RT!
thx for being an invaluable partner!
Order the Fish Taco without Tangy White Sauce and you’ll avoid 12 grams of cholesterol and 117 calories.
No 11 o'clock class today made it nice to sleep in. Thanks UK. UofL... You can burn in hell
washed my hair this morning and it felt so good!
waiting for the kids at sunday school and thinking how bad my fantasy football team is doing this year.
#AfroLatinAmerica week 2: enslaved Africans, free blacks, urban slavery, Mexico, Peru, Guatemala
oh ok, im following now, but ill send you my next updates bdot, what style of tracks do you like anyway?
not even going there
I feel the same way. Before I was just panicking about exams but now I'm overwhelmed with an awareness of how sad grad will be
I'm still waiting to find out the TRUTH about Angelea being booted; will we ever know?
Out of place, out of line, out of touch, out of time.
OMG FINALLY IM CRYING CRYING OMFG
LCD Soundsystem pre-party at Le Bain tonite. Tomorrow nite b4 the show meet me @
going to go and beg my dad to but me a ticket to watch you online ! Wish me luck (: !xx
the hunt is going... I started volunteering so that I don't sit at home all day. How is life in Bloomington?
Thank you :D
Time for the new season Downton Abbey. New Absolutely Fabulous being recorded.
#LastTimeIChecked this is MY twitter, so don't tell me I tweet too much or I shouldnt tweet this or that. Don't like my tweets? Unfollow me.
Crawled back into bed after a two hour yoga class and a walk through the rain to find it still warm. Inordinately thrilled.
ive done all the standard stuff. ie ive truned it off waited and turned it back on. computer says everything is fine. :/
RT : He who sows courtesy reaps friendship, & he who plants kindness gathers love. Saint Basil
RFT such a depressing day...
no im not worrying I was just wondering.. lol. Anyways yay!
that height quite look like your at 10000 feet, shouldn't your camera be off ;).
So many People Never find the one that's why I really wanna tell u somthin I really think dis is it for me I really think your the one.
York town boys are so cute. (;
Joy Behar. Laura Innes. That is all.
Dude, Where's My Jam
follow back? :)
ITS SO HOT! ugh
yeah, it's horrible how someone would want to do that to a helpless child/: people sicken me.
MT : Two-star TE prospect Keoni Bush-Loo has committed to the #ArizonaWildcats Our Wildcat RedZone Offense gets a key guy
not sure if cool is the word...it's....something
on the penises:)
chillin in basement.
What people say isn't going to stop me.
Done cleaning for the day. Time to relax and finish my book. Devils Food Cake Murder. By Joanne Fluke. Great recipes in the book
At this point, you may as well put on the first line. What the hell? Nothing else seems to be working for the
Perhaps #PresidentObama needs my services as much as #AbrahamLincoln. Under my watch the #SecretService would never have seen such scandal.
I want Galaxy Leggings.
Art washes away from the soul the dust of everyday life
watching 300 because it's the shit
Agreed. RT Great job at #TechPoint this morning
My eyes are so foggy right now. Ugh<U+E058>
Everyone!!! Go like Off-Key Booking!!
Luv a woman wit a lil country accent ..sexy
7 in 10 Americans have some kind of fear of the dark
Study Session Playlist: Hives, "Die Alright!" -- Bright Eyes, "Four Winds" -- Wilco, "Outtasite (Outta Mind)" [electric version]
had no idea about swaplease..fascinating concept and I just spent 10 poking around
# FF Thanks for the mentions & sharing from our blog!
I'm plunking it thow
So wonderful Glad your day was a pretty spring day too. Tonight the crickets are chirping!
I'm so glad you had fun at ! Enjoy the rest of your weekend! <3
A brother may not be a friend, but a friend will always be a brother. - Ben Franklin
Facebook business pages will soon look like profile pages. Nice!
No screencap needed, I know out Comic Convention track record so far. I'm just hoping you're not missing a limb when you show up
all the time he is good.
is the prettiest girl I know <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
k who this btw
Omg u a Packers fan thats so sexy wow!!!
we're awesome.:)
Don't forget to post your best pic of yourself (family and friends too) working out! Winner will receive a KoreFit prize!
is preparing the LLC's Operating Agreement.
Doing science homework, I have a giant packet to do):
RT : lol chillin over here . Like the new avi >> thanks! It's old now though;-)
Yes on both counts.
Very sad day for Yankee fans.
Had lunch at the Sullivan & Son cast at the Turner lunch. Hope the sitcom succeeds.
Cannot believe women still wear velour tracksuits while flying. Or ever. You look like a care bear.
Guess it's time for me to take the sticker off the car.
I've been eating an absurd amount of food since Sunday. It's really kind of getting ridiculous!
Nope! Read that one loud and clear. #breakuphumor :)
I wish he had shot more on the net.
#CommercialLenders try our Records Search with Risk Assessment Report. It is reviewed and signed by an environmental professional.Less Risk!
How am I suppose to get $500 by Monday
MT : Applications for US home mortgages jump 9.2% last week, driven by demand for refi due to low interest rates -
Thanks for coming to the Popped! Republic truck today. Come again soon to try our other flavors!
#GDC says every single MMO player he knows started because a friend was immersed in the communities
He was all about melodrama, small spaces and cocaine. :)
About to get Killa and eat some yardbirds <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
R-E-T-W-E-E-T if you except Rachaels Challenge!
Always enjoy hearing transparency about writing process - his website is "like DVD extras" to the books
Movie trending now in Chicago, IL : Justin Bieber: Never Say Never (live updates)
sounds like the #Devils strategy pre-lockout. Sorry I had to mention this heh
nfw. I want the journo outed MT : SMH. RT : Novak asked in press about Isner being the ClayGOAT
ima never see you....o that is not good!
amazing show!! Will you be going back anytime soon?
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything.1
the art work u made for it isn't coming up on my phone
You get the idea. That's the only that motivates me to get my butt off the chair and exercise.
thank you we will keep giving you pastry swag xoxoxo
Want to know more about local pet events in ohio sign up for our e newsletter on our website WWW.OhioAnimalCompanion.org
so beautiful outside! time for a run of course
it struck a chord with me on a blog post I'm working on for Similar theme .. Real life comes first.
UNLV is exactly the type of team that can come into the Kohl Center and win. Wisconsin needs to shoot better today.
Thank you guys for following me! :D Gained 24 new followers today.. :D
Should Indiana gov't step in to encourage green energy investments in the state? What do you think? 317-736-0950 or
u like what
Thank you Sambuca360 for a good night. We will see you again in a few weeks!
you're so beautiful!!!!<3 I'm so jelly of you!(:
Derek Jeter singles to pass Robin Yount on the all-time hit list. He's now No. 16.
Saw the marks on my shoulder.. It, wasn't me!
I'm ok now! Really!
where u at homie
my phone is dead :( can you skype?
It’s a fun way to learn new words and it gets even better when your team wins!!! June 10 on Friday..Look at the HFC event schedule..
RIP Whitney Houston...
uh thatd be so fun!!! I have to work at 5 though :/ we should plan a trip down there though
Hello party people! Headed to Vermilion!
Looking forward to filming Holistic Doctors tonight.
That's a clever name.
I like the Cards young LB's. Sam Acho on the sack.
What makes them overrated?
oh nvr couldn't care less.. It actually feeds me and makes me feel good.. Cause it means I'm doin something good ;-)
About to head to Shilito Park for the Frisbee Golf Tournament with my lil bro
Texas Longhorns ‘Longhorn Pierced Basketball ’ Pendant – Gold Plated Jewelry
RT : Yes, it will pick up links - be sure to do full link including http://
going to a play with harley tonight!! :D
Forgot how bad they use to smoke in the 50's,had to leave Magic City set because of it.Didn't want to ruin the shoot coughing my bronchitis
Gervinho to rvp, get used to that combo
lol I've seen before but nope. Tough mudder looks serious. Props to you on that. I think I'm going with the run a muck.
Aww thanks Erin. Golf soon!
r u tkin me to or
ROLL CALL! Who's coming to tonight's & Magic game??
Come on Cuse, let's not get sloppy!
#Youwerecuteuntil you turned into a man whore
for The Wanted! If you could be a female pop star for a day who would it be and why?! :D ps. I love you!
Any plans to offer growlers in California? Sacramento beer geeks would love it, and it's more #green than throw-away bottles.
Wow, a phone booth? They still exist? lol
Tried sweet tea in the south for the first time tonight. That stuff is NO joke.
So, last time for auditions I changed clothes in a grocery store...this time it was a Chinese restaurant! LOL!
Wow boyfriend by j. Biebs is really good. Hell has frozen over.
#Ilovewhen you show up to work to do your job, but you can't bc someone else hasn't done their job.
Nice!! Congrats on MVP!!!
sorry :-( it's hard. I know people change or have other things going n, but it's hard for us that get left behind.
Glad you liked it! It was a lot of transcribing but definitely worth all the great nuggets of info.
"There's gonna be a lot of slow singing and flower bringing if my burglar alarm starts ringing..." - Notorious BIG
Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden Obama bin Laden Obama Bin Laden
Becareful not to summon stuff! Have a safe holiday!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when I gotta lean against the wall n pee cuz I woke up wit a hard dick lol!!
Me and my grandmother are besties now. We're both Mahomies. Yes. Mahomies for <3 *Age doesn't matter*
Just received a $5,000 scholarship from the Marine Corps Scholarship Foundation
Denver ground crew poked a hole in the fuselage with a ladder making the red eye to Newark much sucker. How will I get to EWR?
Interesting. There must be some interesting similarities btwn HI and FL re: illegal labor
Its weird seeing Happy Mothers tweets cuz Mothers day was like 2 months ago in UK lol !!
LOL...great tip!
LIVE MUSIC - Tonight from 7-9pm: Tim Connell (Classical Brazilian Mandolin)
IM RANKED NUMBER ONE IN THE LOCAL CHARTS. Thank YOU ALL SO MUCH!!!!
Rt Hon Alex Salmond (First Minister of Scotland) has asked me to send a copy of my book on Welsh nationalist poet R. S. Thomas. Very cool.
I think it just happened like this morning. I also am elated! I bet Lil Sebastian is looking down on #NBC with a big grin.
Bryce Harper>>>>>> the Pittsburgh Pirate Organization <U+26BE><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
#youcanttrust CHARLIE SHEEN!!!!
take the mask. you want 10 right? im getting there like at 8 or maybe earlier
Ayee bro Me And Might Be Plannin Something BIG
thanks a million!
Debating the hardest decision of my life on a day to day basis. Where to eat lunch in nola?
JUST DID
AJBombers Twitter TV getting some behind the scenes upgrades!
nice playing with you earlier mr Wiz, your voice impressions are classic haha
Press on the gas peddle.
Speak ill of no man, but speak all the good you know of everybody. - Ben Franklin
Could Mavs and Jazz be headed to Triple OT?
knowing is half the battle
Great day today! Lets close out the week strong
wants to thank everyone for tonights GREAT show! The heated patio was PACKED with people! The line-up was out of this world! Next show: 3/2!
Dear Brad, I'm always right. Suck it. Love your ever so loving girlfriend
#NP drake ft lil wayne && andre 3000 - the real her!
I love that show.
Thanks for the RT! I take it you have had to put together a few IKEA products as well...
Hey, I think it's raining
I'm Ol' Floppy Arms! And 2nd ward alderman Bob Fioretti's testicles are more dangly than a sack of molasses!
I still have it. I had with me on one of my trips to the station but you were in a meeting. We'll just have to meet up :)
Judging Specialty Herb Vegetable beers for the US Open. #BJCP. Someone's gotta do it.
good morning everybody!
read your article on the POI at SMFD and OWD and couldn't figure what the watchdogging was. Could it be overreach on your part?
It breaks my heart to read tweets from the apologizing to us fans for the loss. It wasn't pretty, but it has been an amazing season
HAPPY B'DAY ! :D
Is one cool cat!
He feels revolted if he saw or touched money
eye appt. at 7:45 then getting blood work done...wish me luck!
Good Morning
Happy first day of spring!
Lovers of Literary Classics & Historical Fiction: Meet "Grosvenor Square" author K.Meyer tomorrow at Rockford, IL Barnes & Noble, 6 - 8 PM.
Sexy pj pants dude at the bar. Planning on sleeping over??
RT The greatest companies aren't the MOST creative-they simply amplify their creativity w/discipline via Jim Collins
Off to Jacksonville for some more in the Navy!
we need a headcount of who is filming with us tomorrow. please let us know.
i own Street Beauty Entertainment. Houston's Best Female Entertainment!
cant sleep like always!
We are going to be a little late...having trouble with generator
is Brees pulling the ball back behind the first down different than a runner/receiver running backwards re: forward progress?
I heart free wi-fi at airports.
you only love once
so busy today! Can't wait for happy hour/dinner later at the Filling Station. Then, LOST!
If you could win any of the #Minelab detectors being given away at National Metal Detecting Day, which would you want to win??
danny oh so sexy
It's been a pleasure rooting against you in this series so far. Hey, how about a high five? *Ref calls a tech*
That was sad.
Correction! Chocolate Peanut Butter Banana chunk dough :D get itt
Actually having money in my wallet>>>>>>>
Big thank you to the girl with the incredible ass for picking the cardio machine in front of me today. You eased my pain.
2 Bs so far for my first 2 finals.... I'll take it. 2 more tomorrow!
Day 3 live coverage starts tomorrow at 7 p.m. on ESPN 2 and there's live streaming of the event on ESPN 3
OH GOD TOMORROW IS NOT THE RAPTURE, EVEN JESUS DOSENT KNOW!
If this keeps up I am going to commute on my paddleboard. Hmm. Not a bad plan.
the Milwaukee Art Museum Calatrava would be my dream venue! Iconic to my city & gorgeous!
Happy birthday to our dad, !
You heard of Too $hort? I'm too long I'm in the club all black goin Akon Like headlights I'm too on
Wow, wow, wow. I had high expectations, & even those were blown away by THE AVENGERS. Incredible film. 4 of 4 stars.
good tip. Maybe we can lure her out with the promise of a trip to Hawaii.
yeah buddy!! How was the hit?
Interested in Starbucks $2.01. Want to chat? Plz send back a number this way or via email: . I'll call...Jeff
Happy Friday!
by everyone else you mean you! Lol ... Totally fair . #weGangedupOnU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
it's not spam when you spit the truth…
If its the chronological part that is bothersome, would a wiki be simply too outre?
He's such a poser...
Thru it all i still Love him
Go Rangers! ;)
every morning is a good morning when I wake up to your tweets (:
well, I cant stay out late , so yea...gimme a time ?
And... start OT on PP
I love my job...first real downside was searching in a cold garage through infested papers for relevant archival materials. Boo!
Bang bang bang I don't like dat some shit I dont like
Got a VM from my CDE today saying my blood sugars look really good, and to "keep up the good work." I'm never deleting it.
"You need to have informed skeptics to deal with big data and running a business" Casey Steadman
off the phone with , doing homework nowww . >.<
Membership has its privileges! $55 Individual & 250 Corporate Memberships, signup online or at one of our events!
SAVE THE DATE: June 28 @ 12pm PST - Premiere of Vegan 101 Season 2 Ep. 1 Vegano - Starring Eric Roberts. Join the mailing list for info.
-you guys be having beautiful little families buy y'all mess it with these sack chasing, home breaking, diseased tramps.. where's the logic?
Let's GO SIXERS! Pull this out boys!
I wont be on the bball team in the 2012 olympics, i cant even throw a cup in a trashcan two feet away!!! Insted it hit the tcan 1/2way down
Thank you Selma!
Grand slam in person!
The most popular Events Application on Facebook is Meetup with 760,000 monthly average users.
yes just send us the link if you prefer, preferably hosted on YouTube
Thanks. I'm trying to figure out what the best way to get objective info on the Java community process is.
you should go there when I'm there
Still at fucking work jammin to Same Damn Time Remix
I don't mind spendin' everyday, out on your corner in the pouring rain. Look for the girl with the broken smile...
Going back to the latest album for the afternoon just for my boy Good anytime music.
I got a few girls locked up in my basement.
Cohere; disperse.
If your heart sinks whenever u come across a pic of your ex....Slap your self cause u no they still got u....
yep thats the one it looks like ... I haven't touched them in years.
Wow... #OregonState is up by 13 at the half. #UW might be in a bit of trouble. I think they're playing extra hard for .
nice! What did you think? You like us??
It still wades team
light one pass it like a relay
O o o o o ok... lamborghini mercy.. yo chick she so thirsty.. I'm in that 2 seat Lambo with yo girl she trynna jerk me
keep it
Camcorder that fits in your pocket??? www.flipvideomagic.com Get yours today.
Hey rushers go and follow go if u have'nt already :D
Can't wait to be in Auburn this weekend!
Early #FF to - brilliant sports/entertainment/lifestyle #eventprof and a good friend new to Twitter!
lol hahaha u guys crack me up
It will be interesting to see Dean Spanos' decision making process. I' sure he has his alternatives lined up. Bye Norv. It's been ever so.
idk where that one is? Where do you work?
come meet us here! The weather is great
I don't even need your love, but you treat me like a stranger and I feel so rough.
Good luck is another name for tenacity of purpose. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
#MickeyMouse has a stalker
I'm 19 math problems away from getting 4 hours of sleep.
I cut em wide, I cut em long, I cut em FAT!! I keep em coming back !
Our photographers are out looking for some spooky Halloween fun! One has already found some...
Please ... come to Greece (in Thessaloniki) for a concert! PLEASE!
MAKES IT EVEN BETTER
sorry for any inconvenience, DM us you Zipcard # and we can try to get you more info on the situation.
I wonder how many Muggles broke their nose today trying to get to Platform 9 3/4.
We are at booth 606 during #ilf11! Visit us and learn about our Summer Reader free trial offer!
I think i would actually quit the internet if Facebook bought Github
Ray Emery has so much swag
ha! You sound like my Mom.
Yay! MKE comes through!!! “: S/O from #Mke ~ Happy Birthday (well, in less than hour) ”
Why what happened?
"oh, and he's probably a psycho."
I live going to orange leaf too ha ha!!
« There's nothing worse than losing who you thought was your best friend.»
Me running into a glass window and adele slamming her phone into her head?
RT I hate when people want to bring you in a situations that has NOTHING to do with you..
Twelve people run the Instagram company?! I'm picking up aroma of robot.
Why is Richard cotton and now the oracle of the Internet? grt 2have one side what about the other?
dude, what's up?!
Whoa, why is Robyn the girlfriend??? WHAT? ALTERNATE READING?
May the angels bring you joy today. joy is a special healing energy.
cracked my phone screen-___-
Going to the Unitarian Church this morning, we haven't been all summer maybe even longer...Heathens!
Santorum is out. It's Obama vs. Romney for sure. Don't believe me? Google Santorum... actually, now that I think about it, don't do that.
Do we get too tired too fast as librarians? And does the structure keep people down? How do you cultivate new leaders?
what's good rowbot this is precise manager redell drakeford,i want to service you with his latest joint "shot's fired" dj pack
#WeWereCoolUntil you started flirting with the guy i like !
If I lose you , I'm afraid I will lose who I gave my love to. That's the reason I stay around.
!!! RT : You felt that killer shot from Kobe coming...he was waiting one bullet in the trigger
Back to coding my VST Instrument...
U.S. Savings rate the highest in 15 years; may slow down recovery; It's about time Americans learned same lesson as depression era family.
I cant sleep
Its okay we got 4 dishwashers. Stephania being one of them.
so you don't like being a tourist or near them? A complicated vacationing life you lead?
I gotta be honest, I hate when my Dad drags me along to places I don't want to go to.
Getting ready to compete and defend our title.
Anytime. Little things are important <g>.
#owner behavior - real :)
nah, 'cause i can't go to that one ! hahaha
We're having an Atlanta Pride DJ Party on October 9th from 2:00p until 6:00p! The bocce court will be available as well.
You got me falling in love by everything you do, baby. <3
Got talent? Long island tomorrow!!! :)
you're welcome
17 minutes to find a parking spot That's a new high for me.
Ridiculousness is by far the best show on television.
Playing my first show ever in ATL next weekend. So stoked.
Woke up this morning and noticed the Chronicle linked to one of my crime articles. Oh double news beats, you are so sweet.
can't wait for this year! I have a good feeling! (every year I do haha)
we will have too oovoo but not yett... Ill tell u when
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 95
wow, considering I am not currently seeing any1...it has to mean an ex. Lord Gawd!!! You said it...take cover!! It'd be 1 of 2.
Want to have someone "wired" into & from SW ATL, giving the GOOD NEWS 2 ? Tell you want me to be a Community Web Producer.
Yes U have too NOww!!! :)...Go fishing and record a Vid and send it to me on twitter I wnt to see Ur skillzzz
It's another thing when you wake up the next morning and realized u ate Steve's hotdog and feel less than average.
been listening to pierce the veil all night~ <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I love gifboom!:o
Come on #Pacers 3 to 1 is much better than 2 to 2
It was great spending time with my younger cousins today. I'm surprised so many of them are here.
I cook with it all the time now and use it as moisturizer for my skin and hair
There's that too. I wondered if you had checked before you asked. :-)
My mom drove to AZ to buy tickets since NV doesn't do it. She lost. Haha
Id like to be able to look for a new wallpaper without seeing one direction all over my phone.
lol nah my pc is just 4 years old and cant handle it so it wasnt fun dealing with lag
Guess I'll be popping in to do some filming tomorrow night, can't wait. Have a great Thursday.
Listen to our new song "Lying" at www.purevolume.com/holidayparade it should be on iTunes at some point tomorrow!
Woot. Time to cut grass. -_-
can I be in it?
We'll definitely add it to the list. Any excuse for Diana to break out the make-up or for Michael to die again!
Omg im just tweeting tweeting you . Don't give me that attitude!
Corduroy. Good word. Say it out loud, sounds nice.
whew. I'll check the theater website to see what it says about set times
You should be delivering thought leadership blogs not pictures from your CEO's vacations.
I'm tired of all this Alexis drama. Let make his own choices. Sure I'm not a huge fan of her but I'm not ganna hate.
Aww i love you :D
wtf is wrong with you!? Just go explore the airport and dance through the terminal haha
Aww, thanks sweetie! RT : it's because the Mark Shale girls are there :)
Heading to forum! It should be fun!
. #AAS3rdCentury Right, but I feel the gap missing in the conversation at places like this is more the good of Google than the bad.
#campaigntech Q: How close are we to 100% matching between offline voter profiles and IP address? #WoahIts2012 #WhatAboutTheFirstAmendment?
they cannot afford tickets. it sucks. life sucks. everything sucks.
We are doing our best!! RT : everyone follow the best sports agency in the game...
Wanna go to bed with an even 1530.
see what happens when you mess with sucias! Gotta go to the vet for that medication son!!! Lol
LOL @ NBC, "Days of our Lives will be seen at 3:04 AM"
Go with the purple and go low.
that's how I feel about editing video...
Looks great!
Sounds like our kind of TV show ;)
I'm welcome home now… walk off grand slam and the Mets lose.
First Cubs Game Today :D
Good one! RT : A7 Only focusing on pushing products and not actually listening or engaging with customers
Do you have a minute to chat about UbD and CCSS? We're looking at returning to UbD framework in county.
What is your cheating policy teachers?
At the gym with my little sis. Time to work on our fitness!
Stick to sports ;)
Join us tonight at Busby's West in Santa Monica! #drinks #$1 drinks
No stress.. babygirl you deserve nothing but the best
Chances multiply if you grab them...
no, we didn't win the award ... this year! Here we come next year!
I'm goodie. How are you?
yeah, it looks cold out there!
cursed snow!
Hahahaha. That's hilarious. Or John Mayer.
yes indeed, got a part time evening gig myself
it's so hot in my room. d:
He has never let you down, Why start to worry now? He is the Lord of all we see And He is still the Loving Father Watching over you and me!
I think I'm just gonna watch It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia and smoke a bowl.
PSA- Portal 2 is $6 on Steam. oh wait. Everyone owns it already because it's the greatest game ever made.
UT auditions for the Last Five Years going on right now. so i'm tabling. it's slightly lonely :( but fun (ish) nonetheless
Such A True statementRT : Life is easier when you can be who you are.
This week's most confusing sentence award goes to: "The Darkness is currently touring Australia & will open for Lady Gaga later this year."
Oh look, the Clippers are whining and flopping and running their mouths again.
have some what pops? :)
Is it bad that i check my unfollowers every day? LOL
Who ever said I wasn't?!? They were blue and resembled Zoë Saldana & Sigourney Weaver. Could've been worse. :)
I know what you meant. I meant I don't know why I keep at it. :-)
Where's a good spa at?
you can spend so much time regretting the past but there is nothing you can do to change it, what is done is done.
Commentators have to sound interesting, and not just like a parrot. Any frontbencher gets talked about that way eventually.
#1 thing I HATE. Guys cheating behind their girl's back. I feel the need to stab someone when I see that.
Studio move day!
The upside is, if you're clowns, that implies there might be pie at some point ...
I should change my bio
When you poop in your dreams, you poop for real.
theres always that 'what if'
No afternoon plans! Other than going to see
Swearing is like farting in public. You know you shouldn't do it, but sometimes it just slips out.
wish i could've went to chicago with mah homies, but family calls :P
« feeling unwanted <»
“: I HATE THE "HONEY BADGER"” Honey Badger Don't Care. Honey Badger Does What He Wants.
I'm sorry to say they can't Wayne. The only thing liberals and logic share, is an "L."
Young men and girls, old people and children together. Let them praise the name of Yahweh, for his name alone is sublime Psalms 148:12,13
Used WordPress and Anthologize in teaching a faculty seminar last week. Easy to use Anthologize. Faculty and students making ePubs.
BOYCOTT #LeBron James' selection show on #ESPN. It's not like he will ever win an #NBA title. Non-leader, non-champion mentality.
PENALTY too many men on the field.
How about granting a wish Cloris? Look us up doll!
This may not be the worst loss of the year, but it is certainly the most painful.
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile Treat her like a friggin lady you dicks.
Congrats to the grads of + the rest!
work. laundry. work. sleep.
some get stuck at "before" and call it "after"
What's up with straight guys and yoohoo?
Really excited... Get to see Blake in action tonight.
we were there all day Friday (camped over night) then all day Saturday, until the big storm and our tent flooded. we left 9:30
wow really now..lol RT Why is there something wrong w/ my door and I'm locked in my house tho???
is not amused by this weather
Lol! Lemme know if you do! He eluded my visual eyes!!
agreed. Though maybe I want to be wherever Saby is. People keep talking about
Last weeks voting winners: Mrs. Philippines Intl-Liza Schneider, Miss South Africa Intl-Helga Barkhuizen & Miss Teen NV Intl-Courtney Critz!
#WeLoveLouisTomlinson because without him, Larry would just be Harry!
plan. U do that, I take ur place.
lol no. Is he doing work? Lol
I just don't want anyone to leave. So... are you in?!!!
C'mon give us some insight on Peyton - Will the Titans get him?
Students shouldn't count on teacher responses outside of school day. Teachers have a life too.
I dunno. I meant who from the MLB roster will be sent down. Hope its no injury. *shrugs*
is contemplating throwing the printer out of the office window... only it's a skylight and I'm worried it'll fall back down on my head
haha! I was just drinking one!
And dear students: I have many, many students. You are not a special snowflake. I haven't memorized your grade... so look it up.
Today's "Groupon Says" it's almost Onion-esque. Well done.
Watchen the movie the help it is a good movie soo far :)
Heck no. IrfanView is it for me. “: MS Paint; the quickest/best logo resizing & file type changing tool there is. No seriously.”
I be wildinn like "capital one" what is in your wallet?
now that I've got all these important people following me, I feel compelled to say something important. Soon come!
From the site's strong visual aesthetics, I would have never guessed that.
Congrats on the win. It was a great game. Love you Jake you did a great job today
ME TOO!
DaTechGuy is right. We are all Andrew Breitbarts today. We wish you could be here for the fun. We pray we do you proud.
Think that we got more time, when we're falling behind. Gotta make up our mind.
even more of a reason to go back to the menil and sit in the cy twombly galleries. rip cy. absolutely a favorite.
RT : And congrats to you too, Jen! RT : congrats, , , , & the rest of the MITH staff!
My internet is finally back. Thank god.
I'm coming home Cali!!
Waking up in 4 hours for the MS bike ride. 75 miles with and as spectator :s lol
We've developed a decent answer to the Per-GB witch hunt. Call Capstone Advisory Group's new Electronic Discovery Practice for details.
is watching Taxi... you're so cute! :)
Dude, Pinterest and it's "wait list" can suck it. Hurry the fuck up I need to "like" nail mustaches!
man. jared's not gonna get any play now.
Thank fucking christ.
I've only been using #pinterest for personal use. Anyone personally see benefits out there for professional use?
my one-eyed kid could do that.
Awesome, I really look forward to hearing from you! :)
Monkeys & Llamas was pretty baller, even though hindsight Disney probably would of sued us...
Barack Hussein Obama always despised the CIA and the military. Now he's taking credit for their hard work. What a fool and joke you are.
RT..I will DM Liam for everyone who RT'd this. (Must be following me and )
somehow that link goes to 's campaign
Rise and Shine <U+2600>
Thank you for being firkin awesome. Mischievous Brown
agreed. But the train and trolley get you pretty close.
It will be great to have something to look forward to in middle of June! It will probably be a while before I do another trip.
It's the 1st of the month! Time to think about changing your furnace filter if you haven't recently!
One day I'll play at SXSW...one day.
Havin school dis week is pointless
Yay it's #firstthursday but can it stop raining please!!
RT Vote for in her portfolio application for the year's most compelling art, photography & design
my condolence and prayers go out to you and your family!
Attention everyone, has a voice that could make a wolverine purr. Go buy him on
Avoid water stains & let EcoChic take care of your baby! Get a 20% or + discount! Call (619) 928-4848 & ask for our raining day specials! :)
can i plz get sum followasss!!!
When you first are really interested or attracted to someone, It's something you can't control even if you want to.
OMG. That's a stomach ache in a bun!!! Lol RT “: mustard, tomato, sport peppers, onions & relish...”
#Pens need Fleury to be Fleury of reg season, hes not. Hes Fleury of games 1-3. Getting scary here. Again, have to respond quick or bye-bye.
I have no idea what that even means. Crazy talk.
It starts with the idea of another origin story giving me hives, & nothing past that has swayed me the other way.
I can't believe she paid you.
I need to not over analyze and quit being such a sensitive little bitch. I need to just chill yo
Is it jus me or does rick ross look like dem monkeys frm da wiz....
people smoke weed to get high i smoke weed to feel normal
Congrats to Ronnie Moss- RRAC Player of the week. I think we have a shot at national player of the week next week !!
Genius does little good to those of us who can't master basic functions such as sleeping.
What doesn't kill you, makes you stronger <3
Oh, it's that I feel you
he put his 2 cents in about the saints, saying they should be stripped of their SB title cuz of the bounty thing
re: Altura. The food was good, the service was amazing!
bitch ill spell it how I want to hoe.... Who gone pop me
Well I love them more than you and
Losing your headphones and having to use a different pair, it's just not the same. They feel different right?
Kk nite bros need to pass out now...me thinks one more pic of someone hot
Day of fireworks and beer. And fighting off tyranny and oppression
Girl please!
had a great time hanging and chatting with you! Thank for the invite! Safe and productive travels. Xoxo
#onlyskinnyppl come out side looking like Wesley snipes off demolition man
is it just me or does it feel like spring outside in michigan in january
Aw how cute. Okay. You like it though right? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Hey wats up
how u doin ms.lady
Stuffed Pepper Soup, Cheese Cilantro, Pork & Drunken Bean Enchiladas, Warm Dulche De Leche Toffee Cake or Banana Chocolate Chip Ice Cream
Know what, celebrities? Your perfumes are wack! All of them!
It's almost lunch time!!! Make your way to & for a great meal!!! The #firestonedistrict is waiting for you!!!
had to take my truck to the dealership...why are u up
Dan the coffee man who shares with cancer patients is amazing! I'm inspired
Hey what an amazing job #recycling an old warehouse into a 600sq ft break room. That could easily be #repurposed space to live!
#Bengals just lowered Boom for in-state help at running back. Good value in the former #Buckeyes star Dan Herron in sixth round
Hope It Don't Rain Tommorrow. .
RT: Why do the weekends always go by so fast and the weekdays so slow? <<Yes, it is a cruel trick!
Need Textbooks? The easiest way to find your course book information is to sign onto PatriotWeb.
I think i saw a ghost tonight at work, glad i got my rape horn
#ff two lovely and talented ladies, & !
kate! I miss you! does softball start soon? when I have a free Saturday I'll come and cheer you on!! xo
ya once u get 2 beers in you ur a riot ~2 chains voice~
lol yeah drawing, photography, photoshop, all that good stuff
#sschat #edtech I really started using it with twitter...you can e-mail tweets to your evernote account & the webclipper.
sister ( ) is screaming litteraly SCREAMING at the top of her lungs...
cause people are awkward like that! lol! :P
well of course. I'm just being hopeful and kind. Maybe we can get some good vibes going amongst our
I have long hair, and I do not care...
Two of a kind....the main reason we blew each other mind...
I signed your Twitition, love! I really hope y'all get the tour in your city! (:
i at least need 1000 followers by the end of the week can i do it ....#everyfollowcounts lol
we should! but how?
when exactly is the deadline for the challenge?
The more you listen, the more you get out of it, but how to get over the initial "what's this" hump? (Indoctrination camps maybe?)
If the media is behind somebody, then you know they're bad. If the media is against somebody, then you know they're good.-Alex Jones
Landed on spot in Geeque palace online Mag May Edition every move I make Im grateful for... You just never know where it will take you
Is someone ready for tomorrow night???
I have no idea what's going on what did E! news say?!?!?! Did anyone record it or know where I can see it?!?!
damn, I was trying to be quiet! :)
Thanks for the correction - 6:30 p.m.
Mossberg: Began as a hobbyist-- learned to code and use computers on side while covering national security for the Journal
Lets do it: 25 Jumping Jacks complimented with a 30-second Wall Sit.
Looks packed! We're so glad it's summertime again. We love Bike Nites!
#BestSpongebobQuotes at least I'm safe inside my mind :)
MC Ride is officially one of my favorite lyricists
One species of hummingbird weighs less than a penny for those who care :-)
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT....HOUSTON'S BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT!!!!
counts down the #HotFacebook5At8 at 8 tonight w/ tix to get into our Meet & Eat w/ from #AmericanIdolSeason10 LISTEN!
My mouth to God...tonight I met The Missing Link...
You look so cute and emo hiding behind your coffee. LOL
mrs. Farris would be so proud
how are u
spent last 2hrs researching anti-aging possibilities from Aubrey de Grey & implications of singularity from Ray Kurzweil. mind is spinning!!
Gonna change my picture to #CoLS book cover for tomorrow<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Hope everything is ok and they get you more information soon!
when u coming home bro?
what up brother its a good game so far
if only all of our accounts had that delicious power.
the iPhone seems a blessing and cross to bear for sprint. But longterm beneficial.
We once knew a man who washed and waxed his new car every Sunday afternoon for 10 years
you ALWAYS tweet me Hey You =P
I cannot express how much I love Kirko Bangz
dear chandelier? Never heard of them. What kind of music do they play??
Thanks for the follow! Any plans for the weekend?
is he chelsea's best addition? What's the score?
he's on tv right now. And he's doing horrible things to the Lakers. Apparently you don't want no puss nuggets
so is this jesus cardenas or jose preciado? R u also consultants?
are you too good for your home?!?! Answer me!!!
Going riding tomorrow instead of going to school! Yayyyy.
lmao yo I had them nachos with the Hint Of Lime tostitios chips >>>>> woah dere! hit the spot haah
Yes, yes you do RT : Need a new iPod.... Real bad.
“: Easiest way to stop giving a fuck? Never start.” advice taken
Last day with the iPad test drive. I'm going to be so sad tomorrow morning... :(
so tired of being super duper busy. need this vacation.
Oh, you're THAT kind of aunt. RT the best way is to just give them socks!
Lads are better mean that nice and cheesy
If I wanted all the news to be about Greece, Egypt, and China, I'd have lived 2500 years ago.
if that technology ever comes to text messaging, I'm screwed.
oh my I bet poor girl having to come back to THIS.. It's
this is keyshawn
I'm heading to tonight, may have to try those olives I've heard so much about. Plus a 1/2 price bottle of wine.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
Just listened to the Director of Reinvent the Wheel on NPR. The poor live among other poor? Um, #StatingtheObvious. Where to go from here?
All louisville fans follow
Indeed. They were my favorite band for all of the 90's and most of the 00s
UK training rodents 2 clear landmines- great initiative but new Commander of famous Desert Rats may have surprise at first troop inspection!
freelance tip: breakfast IS important.
press my follow button please,? It would mean the world to me <3 xx,
"He's thirsty"
SAY!! I N33D SOME
This bitch waited for me to get close then she pulled out in front of me! What are you fuckin retarded! !
Why do teenagers say they are doing something (homework, chores) when they are really on facebook?
Get your work out in today!
what time will they appear?
“: I love spending my Saturday night studying <U+E059>”
They sure don't : mocks don't draft RT a lot of mocks have Kuechly falling past 15, why wouldn't the Birds jump on this?
haha I'm wondering where you saw this! Tweet me it
I don't know if I should do it or not
niggas hittin us with the mass text.
okay then c:
For all myLearning users and admins -- we are experiencing some issues w/the LMS. Working on a solution; hope to resolve in the next 30 min.
Albon: Civil society must take the first step- govts generally don't reach out first.
#DeadToMe RT : I'm having an anti music afternoon. Full catalog of
The reason to not take things personally is to understand that what people say about you is a reflection of them & not you
Leaving for Arizona on Friday. Going from mild weather to a sauna. Yikes.
he just sent a very similar tweet.
Happy #FF to our new friends at The friendliest ladies you'll ever meet...and they take gorgeous photographs to boot!
never could get into that show
If you was so real then why tweet about drama just go handle it #internetthugs just want attention
I giggle every time I order a Tall Blonde
Learning two languages. Slide guitar and Italian. Still not sure which is harder to speak competently.
I bet they are gamey-er than chucken.
Don't get me wrong I would love to see him lose. But the man is good.
And now, a break from emails and powerpoint - sitting in on the Explorer's Symposium.
I hate driving in bad weather.. Ugh. So glad to be home!
Its such a small world.
The awakened sages call a person wise when all his undertakings are free from anxiety about results - Gita
Radiohead tickets - check. Who else is going?
so cant wait for my shoot tomorrow i got a whole team makeup ,hair ,fashion stylist the whole thing ...wow !!!!!!!!!
Cool. My mom went to the City with out me.
Espresso Coffee has just 33% of the caffeine gravity of ordinary coffee.
we've got a little mafia going on…
FOH, dickhead. your grandpa sell bootleg, the only thing you knocking out Is yourself, LOL.
2nite BOILER ROOM - 2723 Elm St. - Dallas - Live R&B/Hip Hop/Poetry event - FREE b4 9pm!! Spcl guests hitting the stage- Kitchen open!
won a snuggie! sweet!
so glad you got the game. Can't wait to hear what you think!
been working on everything ! meeting next weekend for our new collection ... will soon need male / female models in the miami area
I am encouraged by all the positive feedback and the $411,000 that was committed to Luis Palau Association Tuesday night. Thank you Lord.
#6WordSciFiStory - The Mechanical shall inherit the Earth.
Dear , THANK YOU for tab groups that make my command-T happiness more socially acceptable!
QUESTION!!!!!! Will you stop by Kentucky on your way? It's really close!
Hey - thx for the follow!
MT Good point... : , it's ALWAYS ski season in your mind!
Cheetah, cheetah, cheetah, cheetah!
omg it was harry all along.
How many pounds of pepperoni are consumed in America each year? First to answer correctly wins a FREE BEER PARTY!
Fantastic. RT : I just spoke to J.R. Smith. He confirmed that he's nearing a deal with the New York Knicks.
so sry bro. been very busy doin yard work & gettin stuff for mons surprise party. ill email today or tomorrow :)
My fav #snacks when running around: string cheese, almonds, dried apricots, puffins cereal: Put everything in a bag & GO!
Bout 2 go parkheights on somebody
Totally agree w/ - the show was AWESOME!
SHOW JAN 28th Denver lets bring it.
Enjoyed tweet chatting with you! Stop by any time you want to chat about books. Join me next month on Nov 1st at 7PM EST.
for my mom & my dad
#SanDiego has been so grey lately.
I could see myself winning on The Price Is Right someday...
Now that on the #ipod its about
Any New Grub In San Diego To Talk About?
Show some #FollowFriday love to our friends
Stands to reason that Universities would become far "Whiter" because the HS graduation rate for blacks are headed lower.
Lol Stepboys are the best crew for me so far
Time for a redesign. Create/edit my own or purchase a Wordpress theme?
aight i resent them so let me know ..aight bro
I think my Twitter finally switched over. Looks different with things on the left vs the right. I liked the right side!
great day for Reds Opening Day!
Wish I was coming too!! Enjoy and can't wait to hear about it!!
No I didn't :) !! She has a CD now that you can get online and practice at home ! Is really good ! It's on her twitter !! Xo
I'm back in La Porte for good. Get at me.
Miley never did a Twitcam and Miley's fans need it! Please, ask her. TwitcamMileyCyrus for TT!
We're currently only available in the US Appstore but will be opening up to more countries very soon :)
Paula Deen restaurant in my home town? Good, that place lost its southern charm when the Shoney's closed down 20 years ago
RT : #SQUIRTER OF THE YEAR GOES TO IN HER APPEARANCE :-) and
Or a guy crouched in the bushes drinking his own pee.
It's nurses day today and nurses week this week, RIP to my late mother and grandma who were nurses along with myself and my fellow nurses
If I wasn't home alone, I would whine until someone brought me a glass of water.
It's a small town in Minnesota
I love #thunderstorms and lightning, but not when I'm trying to sleep!
I roll with the pecan waffle and slab of country ham myself.
Good morning
"ive officially transmitted aids guys!"
I wanna go on a cruise
Pickup Line: I'd like to kiss you passionately on the lips, then move up to your belly button.
There, I said it. Now time to make a change!
Has anyone ever been denied the right to be themselves? If so, please say how you were denied.
Where ya at, Paul?
and knows how to peel them back. No posing just exposing #authenticportraits BOOM!
Tolltaker on 400 just wished me a blessed sunday. Hey lady, u r sittin in a steel box on a hwy for 8 hrs/day. Save your prayers 4 yourself.
have u ever wondered why #boobs are so attractive..they are just big bags of fat...o well, i love those big bouncy bags of fat!!! m
Sad day for Beastie Boys fans, MCA dead at 48. =(
Hubby got early copy of Enchantment. Great! Neither mind ur focus on hockey. Go Dallas Stars and SJ Sharkies!
My stomach is seriously not happy with my decision to eat Chinese food on Cinco de Mayo.
I want to get henna on my hands. c:
I want to hear the term "monopoly on violence."
Sneaking out at 10 and coming home at 4 > Sleeping what !
Well I mean, almost all of my friends are virgins. But I've always got #MyOneVirginFriend that you can just tell hasn't gotten laid... LOL:)
This Is All Your Fault.
“To be entrusted with the teaching of the young is a great gift and grace of God.”
Are you kidding? 6 year old kid in a home made hot air balloon in Colorado! I bet the dad is in jail tonight!
They made all the girls quit twerkin' :(
Best Sales Company Ever | CustomerThink
Your a good dude. Everybody follow - One of our favorite bands to play with. (In the history of all bands. Ever.)
It's so beautiful out. C:
I'll be yer friend may 7th when I come home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Wow. Nevermind. The classic
a song from the upcoming album is uploaded! together with the info on the project Equinox! check out MySpace!!!
1st off like to thank for giving me some followers
Why can't guys treat a girl with respect, obviously they are just not mature enough to keep a girl. Oh wait all of the are not mature.
Uh, certified baddie #TVD Go #TeamSalvatore!
All my exs live in texas like im george stright. Or they go to georgia state where tution is handled by some random nigga .
Okay I really need to go to bed now
Incomparable is a vast overstatement. But glad you thought the post worth talking about.
everytime u tweet im amazed at how random u r... Like u have a reset button on ur mind tht just jumps to a new topic? Haha
Officially addicted to #scandal. And weirdly makes me realize I'm going to miss DC.
“: lying on the kitchen floor crying because there is nothing good to eat.”
I love when I look at you and your already looking at me.
is Michelle going today?
I'm in! Lol
The age-old theory in warfare is that the best place to be is the high ground, from which you can see and attack your enemies.
i leave next week:P
can't wait to jump in the action with Food Truck Wars
he said his wife didn't know much until about April.
Okay if your making bad rumors about me then unfollow me cause 1.idc 2.your just an immature bitch :) 3.your to scared to come and confess
Random van ride home from wiz concert.
what other celebs
:) no biggie! Haha
In line for outside the show. Ah...LA.
How's business so far in 2012?
Happy Valentines Day everyone
New shop coming to you, Portland, OR..NW 5th and Couch..April 1st! (no foolin)
Dearest #fizzyfamily and , I'm so sorry I haven't been on in a while. BUT, I'm back now <3
We miss you too! ^dr
We are! Trying to increase #Facebook presence should be a shared goal of historic house museums
Ok will you take to be your lovely wedded wife to hold and to keep and to love and to have trust
thanks! Found him. :)
yeah, dude my dad listens to him
Listening to intros
mla wii..my spring break is soon..on doit de voir
omg change it!!! haaha xD but it kinda seems interesting
I don't have any feelings, my heart's paralyzed *
Buying tickets with my momma. Good luck to us !
I just wanna go home and listen to punk goes pop
Word on the street is that 1 of Spokane's finest #27 will be here for Cougar week in Spokane and might bring friends
Offense, defense, special teams, coaching. If they win 4 games I'd be shocked.
yes sir, I have to support my man though
MOTHER OF GOD. ALL FANFICTIONS ARE SCARY DO NOT READ ANYMORE
Goods morning everyone! Hope you all have a rockin Wednesday!
Brilliant observation!
tweet feed debuts on Thursday. Live tweets on ten at 10:00
Blowing out bday candles for Mick and Stanley today
so u aint following ya boi no more cuddie?
I can tell... haha
Beautiful day in Platteville for the Six Rivers Conference prep track and field meet at UW-Platteville.
My philosophy: The best negotiations are when both sides come away feeling like they have won.
that man is crazy with that snake
I need a Eurythmics cover of Harrison's Living in the Material World. Someone call Dave and , STAT.
Wow, I really really need a new computer.
In less than two weeks I will be having the moment I've been waiting for since I became a directioner.(:
If you think you're free, there's no escape possible. ~Ram Dass
I called it.
hahah o my unicorns
Glad you liked it.
Does it really rain as much in Seattle as the #TheKilling portrays it?
omg I love buckwheat pancakes too ! but waffles it is !
I choose quotes based on what is said rather than who says it most of the time. Nothing personal :)
you would be a saint if my faith permitted
yuk... With new covers they'll be hot commodities
Looking forward to taking my Honey to screening of movie "What to expect when you're expecting" on his Birthday.
Man my stomach hurts >.<
Need more tatts.!!!!!
I just started listening to 'Bossypants'--It's going to be a good day.
west la, could you have any less character?
Had an amazing time at #IFWF2012 congrats to , you guys did an unbelievable job !
cool, its a good look. I'm around though.
Then don't get on twitter for like an hour or more and go study. You have work to do. (I sound like a mother. Lol)
i cannot wait for PLL to start omg
Too many guys in fedoras..... The end
I'll be in the video(:
S/O to the Talking Heads
is paralyzed from eating a big plate of nachos
ha doo tags
Adopting the right #attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one - Hans Selye
Anyone wanna give me a shoutout? Hehe
": Reading on a rooftop :)"its a nice weather hear in cali dont ya think n nice that ur reading
I think it is closer to Following or Subscribing than Friending. Still trying to figure it out.
the #pr session was really helpful.
Grease is the word!
Jessie Tsai speaking on major transcription project of calligraphy diaries and how they made them accessible & relevant online.
“: S/O showing me love with the unfollow” haha same here
Your only cool if your
isn't narcissist/marxist-dandy preferable to straight up hypocrite? Economic Actions detached from marxist rhetoric :)
UGH, Google has finally taken away my ability to avoid their new Gmail design. :( I don't like it, I want my old Gmail back! :(
What are you doing?!
Alas, poor Scott Van Pelt, destined to be just another guy at tWWL. So be it.
best quarterback of the year.
#thingsyoudontsaybeforesex ...hang on baby, I gotta fart!
Thanks so much for following me!!(: <3
Not gonna lie, i'm totally jealous of everyone who got to stare at Tom Ford at the Terry Richardson opening tonight.
It's a Mayer Hawthorne kind of day...
Please also follow ! :-)
Im hungry but i wanna go to sleep
Wore purple today not even realizing it was #SpiritDay! Nice to know I'm supporting a good cause now!
I grab my own ass sometimes not realizing it so I def know what u mean:) ": I'm sexually harassing myself."
Also would like info about co.'s vision statement and annual report for 2010 to determine long term viability. Thanks.
sigh .. i want to go back to bed now
Did we ever get an answer re: badges?
Male extras still needed for a video shoot on Saturday morning in Chicago. Email the director for more info: .
“Don’t tell people how to do things, tell them what to do and let them surprise you with their results.” George Patton
Instead of the 5 second rule, I use more of a 5 person rule=Did less than 5 people see me pick up food from the ground & put it in my mouth?
It's the first day of spring! May I wear white now?
Life is all about relationships. Live with self-honesty, self-respect, self-love, and all your relationships will be a reflection of that.
We have great deals on online leads.
What a day... What a week... And it's gunna be a night
thanks for the mendeley info
yep. It's (nearly) the last thing that doesn't really come across. Maybe that's why it's so startling. :)
Thanks for ruining my mood <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
Man, I'm windering who it was now. That is weird now that you said he was muggin all of us.
RT : Another Person shouldnt complete you, You Should complete Yourself!
Five quick takes: Recent wins strip lingering residue from Spurs’ losing streak
I have that info for you! Do you have an email address I can send it? I am about to head out for lunch soon, but can send after.
women jokes
SALE,SALE,SALE
“: let me hear another track !” What you wanna hear? :}
what's up you .. long time no see.. ill be in town soon .. let's link ..
Thanks for the follow Benjamin. Great to be connected.
just had too return on here
loves to laugh and feast
#glee Missed it so much!
How should you pay a contractor who is working on your home? Is a deposit necessary? How much is reasonable? EZ, I answer this in the book
“gawd, it smells like upsexy in here” "what the fuck is upsexy??" “nothing much, how about yourself? ;)”
Very welcome! Have a good one!.....wait. It's so nice out, why are we inside?
Thrilled to be at South County Economic Development Summit with two big Bills. Lockyer AND Walton in the same room.
Allegedly, there is a loose cobra in the Sheraton...#SXUGnewsjack I'm taking it home if I find it.
They all left ):
I'M GONNA TWEET REBECCA BLACK AND GET HER TO ANSWER ME LMFAO OK.
Which iPhone app do you use the most?
Your still loosing your baby teeth...your not in love, nor have you ever been in love.
That little ache in your heart as you're leaving for work is #love at work.
Where would you go for a last-minute not too fancy dinner in Richmond?
RT : You're a year older than me? you must be so experienced. tell me how Life was like back then
Life is shared with Struggle. Its up to you if its shared with failure or triumph
you be pop locking to classical music huh. Lol
Popcorn has more antioxidants than fruits and vegetables
Judging by my '90s wardrobe, I was chock-full of fear and did not have what it took to run with the Big Dogs.
": When ppl see me thy say i look mean. Naw bitch i dont play. .. Thats all"
and i think its gonna stay that way haha
I am almost irrationally frustrated by the fact that our clothes dryer is broken.
here it's so far so good, but worried about family further south in Kansas. They've had warnings & damage I'm hearing about.
you sure?
We should try and trend MAHOMIE 4 LIFE (: Who wants to help!? -Kayla
I love when Google Alerts lets me know that "Urban Village Church" showed up on the Urban Village Church web site.
It's better to cry than to be angry: Anger hurts others while tears flow silently thru the soul & cleanses the heart.
I'm excited for this summer yeah!!!
Richard Edelman arrives at the Atlanta office tomorrow. Excited to hear his insights.
Thank you jeremy!(:
maybe in SB it is. (X not in LA
Anyone know how to text directly from my phone, to my evernote? (No emailing involved)
welcome to my house party party
i followed you. please follow and for an instantfollow back
Good Morning!
<--- twitter crush <3 your the cutest and ur smile is beautiful
what u playing NBA ?
Murder,Forcible Rape,Robbery, and Aggravated assault
Monday Funday...Back to work!
When hitting it from the back, try sliding your thumb in her butt! If she let's you, just know that she'll do whatever U want her too & more
As an avatar it could offer a neat ambivalence: "One day I'm a crafty crow, the next day a tragically eviscerated bunny"
Palaver redirect in place. Apparently I just forgot to add that one. Sorry :(
If you look at my timeline you'll see the time I named a religious group, I used quotes. Otherwise I said "random wingnuts"
you better! :) I'm so excited to go!!!
Paper jam. Magenta is low. Only one worker. Outta diet dew in the machine.... just another night in Kinko's....
Today is going to be a great day. Because I said so.
How are you doing Chris? You are my favorite young actor. I look up to you and you inspire me. Please keep n touch. TTYL ;-)
and yeah, i just searched "one direction" in my gmail.
. Great seeing and meeting last night!
Are you thinking of me right now? Yeah.. I know you are...
Trash talked by many,hated by some.guess how many fucks I give ? It's less then one .... none son !!! I'm a stepper fool !!!
Back to the long ass schedule tomorrow (n)
how about you do my homework then?! lmaoooo
#PhiMA-Thanks for another great panel discussion-insight and examples of tangible social media marketing
I guess karma has arrived lol......
Happy Memorial Day week-end!
Please follow the BEAUTIFUL & TALENTED who did a FANTASTIC performance & looked amazing last night!!! :)
#FF In honor of mother's day, here a few great moms! and Happy Mother's Day
nothin much u
just wrote chuck at the marco island city council
no. You text me
Looks like Buster Posey is slated to be back behind the dish full time. Hector Sanchez lone backup catcher left on roster.
Having a thought-provoking conversation about technology and learning at the Acer complex in San Jose, CA.
I would so much rather listen to all the players mic'd up than Reggie Miller complain about the dunk contest all night
thanks for the follow! have you also followed us on facebook?
they totally just rocked my pants right off
working on an essay, then leading to listening to oldies on youtube. ???
Have you found having thousands of followers on Twitter has significantly translated to your book sales? Enjoy
LENNY KRAVITZ AS CINNA? WHAT THE ACTUAL ? *face palm*
Heading to #Schmooze PDX tonight. Hope to see familiar faces and meet a new ones :)
Nf Followback please, looking to network
hey justin ppl are calling you justin belieber
#SO to the dude blasting Miley's 'The Climb' next to me in Memorial. Nice change up from that Broadway garbage though...
Love Energy Savings are proud to work with E.ON as they will not... E.ON will not increase home energy their prices in 2012.The Queen has
I'll definitely be watching!
Jose Theodore. Freaking wall.
Didn't you graduate already??? lol
I have come here to chew bubble gum and kick ass... and I am all out of bubble gum.
hope things are going well for you!
Happy Birthday to You! Wishing you many more! Stay safe out there, too!
The majority of mom and pop business is owned by foreign investment within Black hoods. A threat the Nat. security. Obama is cool with this.
WHAT??? When were you going to tell me about this bish??
A loving heart is the beginning of all knowledge. ~Thomas Carlyle
you can say that again
Ughh I really don't want to go to school tomorrow /:
Working on a Design proposal tonight. Any great resources/tips?
ugh bitch, wtf are u lukn at ! dam can i have my face back !
Duran Duran is probably a way better band than you remember. I have "Girls On Film" stuck in my head.
I love your birthday idea. I hope you'll share on twitter so I can RT the heck out of it. xoxo
My babysister likes to hold my hand even when she's sleeping c':
The game has been pushed back to tomorrow at 1pm (EST). The NCAA deemed the field unplayable due to snow.
You're welcome for the follow!
i'd think the bar name 'Heavy Fossils' would have been a clue!!! :)
Name that lil baby bentley
Happy Friday #FF and Best shows on MTV never a dull moment! Have a great weekend!
no that's such a bummer
A simply apology would have been nice but I guess that's too hard for people to do these days!
Tune into tonight at 9 CT for the Selection Show!
see.... can't be a fan of coupling up on the TV... mine always die.
The two I knew left journalism for, ahem, PR.
It's probably because of your affinity for crabs. RT I feel the most inspired when I'm near the ocean. I love the beach!
MT : Help a reporter out! Anybody know of research on what % of college students change their major at least once?
Tailgate Tuesday at Dan McGuiness in Nashville - tomorrow at 6pm sharp!
suspension of any and all scholarships!
and I am in lovely Saskatoon... who ordered all the rain?
Where am I going to live??? SERIOUSLY, WHERE?
and the holocaust? (just having a little fun with ya Brenna...watch Ghandi sometime, great movie fascinating man)
you should come to San Antonio for golfing great weather right now!
And DVDs too, depending on the church...mine also streams. Armchair A.M.E.
Approved - But you have been warned about the info for the last time. You sit in TimeOut, and think about what you did.
I know :-/ I'm getting tired of things I like getting cancelled.
#WeCantBeCoolif if you act different in front of other people
Grand Opening of REVOLUTION Saturdays Oct 1st Sounds by | Dinner Party at 9:30 to start off the night! Reservations
I need to go kiss my posters now... Okay no, I need to do homework. How can I do work like this? Ugh, I'll cop it tomorrow.
Even Javascript has a decent REPL!
#1DupAllNightToNumber1 live it,love it, TREND IT!
what, no lab today?
Eatin a delicious chocolate cake with chocolate syrup so yummy jae did her thang
Kyrie is ridiculous, enough said
mine was to get sutures removed. Blech!!
you never ask me!!
to the last stomping grounds
Dang, #oomf are too gorgeous!
but not at my home :(
The packers aren't that great they just find ways to win
Enjoy a #naturist discount getaway 4 nights $399 visit us
Helsinki isn't quite as nice in January. Then, neither is Portland.
I hope everything goes planned this weekend and i get to see so many faces I've missed.
Haha! I try putting my phone/purse in my trunk when I drive for safety. Even then it's difficult!
Unfortunately, yeah LOL. P has been the best nickname I have came up with for you in 3 years. I'll try & improve on that :P
but see I'm not so sure if "soul" should be devoid of color. It's a genre that emerged out a distinctly black movement.
aw look at my background!!! ITS SO CUTE!!!!!! -huggle kitty- mwah! i love u kitty i'd never steal from you!
yes come in Starkville
Flipping through the channels to find presenting her "crime scene on a plate" on Top Chef TX to Ms. Theron
did y'all win?
I have my first soccer game tonight and i am so nervous. \"
I saved you a seat!!!
I can make you glad you came.
Trader Joe's opening 2/12! it's only a mile from my house! I'm so excited!
"Police stopping cars, searching backpacks; public urged to carry on as normal." B/c normal of course is lots of traffic stops & searches.
Big John's Cajun Cheddar goes great with noodle soup.
*Wanted* Director of Cinematics for a European A Games Developer - contact .uk
Missed #Rothman in a better grip and grin spot on the aisle closest to the door
so sorry for your loss.
haha absolutely. It's a great idea
I think she can sing 'shoop shoop shit' and I still can feel it
I'm riding...the whole way...
THIRD CITIZEN. He says, for Brutus' sake, He finds himself beholding to us all.
Watching my alma mater #Lehigh playing #duke in the tourney. The engineers oops mountain hawks are in a 15-5 run. Thanks Moe!
Watchinng the I Love Lucy Marathon an theses OUTFITS ARE BANGIN!!!!!!
I was thinking of a Gulfstream mission but it might be not until Derby. It will be good to mix with an Eclipse Award winner
good good. Finished reading the #HungerGames working on the 2nd book now.
I was there earlier but left around 10:30am. Sorry!
obviously bro. It's a women talking about sports. A fucking goldfish knos more then them
What brings you joy?
Michael Fassbender: Sex Addict Role Toughest Yet But Stripping For Nude Scenes Was 'Embarrassing' | Showbiz News | Sky News
lol it's game time
I knew it was some site I really respected. Thanks!
This is awesome Yis! Congrats.
Last day of NEH DH Institute. Some great projects made in only 4 weeks using Scalar and Hypercities! I'm impressed and inspired.
See Kristen Stewart in NEW On The Road pictures
haha no, i wore clothing, but I think they are frowning upon my "Party On" shirt...oh well. Lots of learning, so far so good
haha you can have him instead of JakeeyP
The "Do you like this?" link above the sub-head is DISTURBING
Extremely dope Red Bull spot.
Last night I had a dream IN ALL CAPS...got to lay off the coffee late in the day!
Wrong sport, Ron Artest
Birds look like they're always walking around with their hands jammed into little raincoats.
hunny im an alcoholic i don't drink coffee...
im angry with them! And i refuse to support them until they change their evil ways!!
My Phone Fucked Up Again !
Lol! RT : Hey I'd like to thank your mama & daddy & praise Jesus for your fine self.
There's a lot to do I bet you'll love it !
I love her.
#Workaholics is a riot!
just the master bedroom
wtf did you just say lol
Happy Tuesday to you too! Do what you do best, whether that's your "job" or your own gig.
MT : BREAKING NEWS: Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake announced retirement of Baltimore Police Commissioner Bealefeld
Only 540 shopping days left until the Mayan Apocalypse
MARK YOUR CALENDARS! TIA'S WILL BE ACCEPTING APPLICATIONS FOR THE 2012 SEASON BEGINNING TUESDAY, MARCH 27, 2012 10AM-4PM
driving home from Florida!!
Woozy Earth swaying like a drunk!
re-stocking the high school concession stand lol
Everyone has three lives: a public life, a private life, and a secret life...
Back in the land of cheesesteaks and WRTI for only a couple days
Frankie's Nachos anyone? Freshly made tortilla chips, cheese, hot giardinera, and italian beef! Serving them starting tomorrow!
Forecast for Thursday Night: Partly cloudy in the evening then low clouds and fog. Lows 54 to 59. Light winds.
Thanks man. Go Cats! RT : Takin my lunch n listening to on the radio
Had so much fun playing pool tonight! I'm gettin' bettah!
Beautifully said, David. Happy 2012!
preciate it fool
At the
It's definitely one of my fave places, too! And I love how it looks different every season.
My house is so hot -.-
Follow us on Twitter -
Plz follow me i have much to ask and tell you.
It's very unprofessional to discuss how much you got paid on certain projects. Especially if you're lying.
I'm having a good time in Seattle! Going to Folklife this afternoon. Tomorrow going to visit Keli's school.
Get rich or die tryin >> 8 Mile
Congratulations to Michigan State University Spartans men's basketball team for defeating the University of Michigan 64-54. Go
Trying not to be jealous of y'all. I grew up in Knoxville and remember class retreats at Tremont yrs ago
omg i kno0w!!!
My little sister singing round of applause >> hahaha
of course! hopefully we will cross paths on Wed when I return :)
We're working to create a page just for club and student orgs. on our ASUP site. Any ideas or thoughts that would be helpful? Let us know!
Chuckie!!!! we must hang when i return back to nyc! Hope all is well
Creating a test environment with correctly formatted and safe data will be critical for
golden rule
Off to Tubac for Spices - 2011 should be a zinger of a year. Time to get ready.
Goodnight #SteveRivers. Thanks for mentoring, thanks for challenging us. We'll keep playing the hits.
Waitingfor show to kick things off....
Austin. Is amazing.:)
RT : I'll bet if roaches looked like tiny polar bears, we wouldn't be so quick to stomp on them.
Just mean it wasn't actually you, in the flesh, but some tags
yay! So glad you liked it!
cause I'm coming home, maybe we could start again
Will you ever grow up?
Right now in North Carolina there's a married man explaining to his mistress how proud he is for defending traditional marriage.
Doooood I need a chill pill
yes ma'am
Thanks dude!
Draft week! Are you following me, Mr. Thompson? We need more offensive lineman to protect #12 – bigger, faster, tougher and meaner!
Thank you, we look forward to reading more.
Thanks Matt!! Have a great weekend.. I know after this one I'll be having a tiny celebration things are back to normal!
It's raining terrible outside, Florida weather so unpredictable. It was bright and sunny one moment and now dark and rainy.
It's gotten to the point where fashion students unknowingly take internships with individuals who treat them badly and have no real clout.
Lets go
I was wondering why he was wearing heels!
Just bought Janet Jackson book "True You" can't wait to read it. My girl Janet rocks always.
WHAT ARE YOU? Your body condition is based on 80% what you eat and 20% exercise. What foods do you represent? a) firm, nutrient dense, brig…
Not surprising that some coaches and kids get into relationships. More tomorrow on Portland's morning news !
Don't forget 6/18 with Weatherbox, You Me and Everyone We Know, and Children of Nova at Epicentre! All ages and just $10 pre! Doors at 7
To the World, you might be one person; But to one person you might mean the World ;)
That's really the challenge, isn't it? To keep learning yourself while you are helping others learn!
Hi there, I just noticed your Tweet and would like to help. Please email us at: Thanks - Andy
I just made my uncle ask in McDonald's if they had breakfast at this time... The guy just laughed at him.. & it was my brothers friend lol
I put bars before everything!!
Best Bites Blog : Food Truck Stops: October 12
": : Pickled radishes with butter?" // salted butter....m
Today I met a 7-pound blonde who took my breath away.
haha that's funny, I could picture you doing that :p
Victim alleges her father, Ut, bound her w/string during intercourse. Intercourse was only defined as "touching" of parts by victim.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MOM!!! I LOVE YOU! WE ARE GOING TO HAVE A GREAT DAY TODAY!=)
U no how that is!
I do suicides on the private jet.. u know what that means? I'm fly to death!
Wearing my "Change The World" t-shirt is SO empowering. Let's have a great Saturday night people. No contact, good sportsmanship.
RT : #JMacUp is a combination of 3 awesome things – Jesse McCartney, his song “Up”, and it’s for the Step Up 3D movie
I know like ur pussy hasnt had a dick in it since March. #TheFacts (And yet u mad ay me for offering to help)
is that the song from old school?? Or sampled from that song?
#IwantSomebody that can and will handle me at my worst
I know i remember i was so upset! she is the best thing that could have happend to me, she is wonderful! imu too :)
RT Open until 12am. Come on in. We have chocolate tres leches cake tonight!
Congratulations on your bro-est tweet ever. This might be the best game the Knicks have played THIS DECADE.
looking forward to night tonight w/my girls
Only a week until #YAL National Convention!!! Can't wait!
Red or Grape Kool Aid??..
Of course! :) RT Would you two mind giving your support to ? =)
They dont realize what they have.
How are u feeling?
How hard is it to find SANDSTONE?
Slap me in the tush... I am trending..eat it Seth. Stefon is a household name now. Makes you wanna say WHAT?
if Herman Cain tried to pass PMP exam, he'd fail - no planning whatsoever
In case you didn't hear, I'm breaking out the old school jersey again tomorrow. Worked last time!!!
K, This quote has me stumped.
I'm going to need Adam Sandler and SJP to consult with me before they make the same (stupid) films one more time.
Well, me, apparently. At least according to Klout. Here, #turkey, #turkey,
who all is going to our show on saturday? We can't wait!
Watching the got a little more exciting as is punching his time card and going to work.
Headaches for sale!!
Give me good brain until you feel dumb .
Always sad when i find out friends get divorced, but also relieved that it's not my feeding the statistic- does that make me a bad person?
Forecast for Tuesday Night: Cloudy with a 50 percent chance of showers. Lows in the lower 60s.
3 more hours:P
the Skittles denote childhood innocence taken away.
I met Aaron from Ghost Adventures :)) fun day!
#confession people always leave me after they get to know me.
SLOW:-( I don't think we've had a single new customer all day! Sad last week of the month! :-(
Going back to sleep and saying the alarm never went off.
i'm feeling a little tired still i'm going to see if i can go and take a nap. this day is going too slow for me.
17 more "LIKES" needed. I lost one! my wife is sad :(
And don't forget the cake-eaters!
Hi! Your publish rocks and is often a very good understand!
I haven't thought about it. Any ideas on what genre I should do (electro, post-dub)? figured one Zizek song was pretentious enough
(1) ability to Show Up for others even when personal life is in shambles
new profile pic plus background change. your thoughts?
...because usually they are more interesting than what most people tweet about in general (myself included).
Are you a Massage Therapist or do you get a lot of massages? We're talking massage etiquette after 7am. It's your turn to chime in!
BIG SEAN IS IN THE BUILDING @ PLAYHOUSE!!!!
This and that bout such and such, damn where is the fucking trust?
Fertility Methods Raise Risk of Birth Defects
RT : RT : Share the Love, Share the Harvest -- join us make fresh, organic, locally grown fruit & vegetables.
(cc ) Thanks for w00ting - we're pretty thrilled about #RaceAftertheInternet, too!
RU a betting man? Let's make it interesting!
lock switch stopped working and the USB connector shaky.Sadly they won't have a droid 1 in stock to replace it. Droid2Global!
Double!! RT : OK, the Twitterverse gets the hint, just landed double the keg brews Come see us!
mikey can u follow me i love u so much ur my inspiration
Idk how people come on twitter and share their personal life then get mad when people are in their business.
Its my birfday!!!
Why? You watching the premiere of The Walking Dead? It's a funny thing you wrote.
This sucks
We like to keep people guessing ;)
RT :Ask yourself,shld U spend all yr precious time stdying,researching & meditating on the "What" w/out having a plan 4 the "WHO?"
your not even up uptown then been chase you outta northview lame as stunting nigga
BSU beat the spread..
Bye bye, #Flyers!
aww alex.i love you too this tweet about me is so cute.XThank you.;)
Throw it down Quincy acy
GOTTA LOSE ONE MORE TO THE #ROYALS FIRST.
In a loving relationship we not only offer each other love, but we also teach each other to love ourselves. We grow a bond when growing love
RT : Submitted my orders 2b the #AirForce honor guardsman at the ! So proud 2 represent all Airmen & the !
Okay . & Belks Or Target .
Big thanks to Mark Fabiani, Carrie McGonigle, Bill Lansdowne + Dennis Morgigno for leading last night's forum. Miss it? See
Hi J-LD Bst 2 u FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
#LasTimeIChecked I only have one mom and one dad, quit treating me like I'm your kid
You have to follow and now that you're a fan. Also you should subscribe. :)
#dhtrial more laughter from jury room where nic is. Judge still with levine d. Atty in chambers.
This is true, but sometimes Boudreaux looks at me like he'd slay me in a heartbeat.
A whole week? It's gotta be better than that...! :)
thank you so much! :D
The Indiana County Fair has been chosen by the Indiana County Tourist Bureau as "Indiana County Ambassador of the Year for 2009"
Getting ready for tonight!!!
What a great day!!! Jesus I Love You
follow my personal account too i havent used it in a minute but im going to get back on it
ohh yeah. first good night sleep in a while.
...STACEY A. PETERSON wonders if she made the right move in coming here...
I've been revising Dan Deacon's 'Bromst' the last few days. I don't think I appreciated it enough upon it's initial release. Good album.
Pennsylvania is. one. long. state.
deflating prices by tacking on fees is deceptive and bad for customers. Could have had a loyal customer instead of just $400
The Mortgage Bankers Association was quick to respond to a suggestion in draft proposal from the Cost-Cutting Commission.
Can't wait to hear! RT : Love of and their wacky and very effective PR stunt! Great case study!
Six point lead with 74 seconds to go. C'mon #Buckeyes!
Back in the ATX sippin' on a margarita w/Daniel & Myrna at Curra's. Where else?
Print this coupon & receive $5.00 off any one unit blown or delivered and dumped www.rosecitycoupons.com/merchants/barkblowers/coupon.htm
you were in vegas? Ohmygawd I live in vegas. Lol. I'm hella late.
I'm in my zone
i always try to eat crunchy food in awkward silent moments,so there is "white noise" in the background
Tired of Turkey? try a special blend,big, juicy Steer In signature burger w/ homemade onion rings and hand dipped shake. FREE delivery
All the money in the world couldnt make me happy
Awesome video!
The shout out is well deserved. Love the painted skull in the front window. Great touch!
I always love Austin's tweets, they have so much wisdom behind them, and they've actually helped me.
Kieran is now responding with yeses and nos. His SLP momma is so, so proud. (with Robbin)
this is the most perfect weather. wish it was like this all year-round.
thanks for the RT and happy Friday!
Playoffs tonight!
Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God Matthew 5 v 8
thx for mention, hi!
I gotta warm up to you Shea dont know u dude but im getting Clay Matthews visions slowly
I can't wait until our tinychat tomorrow
Alex Pickert set to check in here for the Pioneers
Visiting our Bloody Mary & Bellini bar should be #1 on your list of resolutions. We're open for brunch & will have normal dinner hours.
Interesting meeting about Young Writers and Family Writers programs with #NVWP tonight. They are amazing programs run by great folks.
Ooh, I have 2! I think told us what to do with them once but I forgot so they're just sitting on a bookshelf.
Best thing I learned
I'm thankful for life, love, family and you...
Open to the unfolding of it all.
that looks like a winter glove too!
That being said, if you stop using the microwave in the middle of a timed cook, please hit the clear button so I don't have to.
They need to keep and have him learn under Manning for the future!
Summer is over but you can still SELL your house for FULL price on our Lease Purchase Program! NO fees or costs! columbusleasetobuy.com.
penfield high... Mr Shay. He was the real deal in my opinion.
what is your user name on words? We can play together if you want. Mine is Diggsgarr. COME LOSE TO ME!!!! lol
you should save one of those for me so i can put you guys on my wall :)
loll hope you get a chance with him!<3
Linsanity taking over the world
you should have your own show on tbs
“: Steven Soderbergh's 'Magic Mike' gets a release date from Warner Bros. and will open June 29, 2012. #movies”
you two are too cute!!
Pacers in another fight, what a dirty franchise
I hate these braces ... I just wanna pull my teeth out >:/
Sex sells. Always has, always will.
you welcome
That's great! So happy that you're webcasting with us!
/ We LOVE your enthusiasm, Jesús! And you can get even MORE BUZ by starting a real dialogue with the card targets.
have some after your "run" as well to replenish glycogen stores.
Follow me on instagram:
Hey Neil, where in Europe are you? Guess it doesn't matter. I'd rather be there than here. Hope it's for fun.
r u followin me:-)
About 2 miles from where we got married
lol, all in good fun, we're just jealous of boston's fancy new HQ :p
That's a really expensive cat stroller, but I say go for it!
Most people listen to calm music when they are angry to settle their nerves. I listen to to make everything better.
U going to SESAC S.T.R.I.P tonight
If he has no intention of ever owning a truck, let him go.
I work and go to school,,, and talk to this broke nigga not winning,,,
that DP is a bad ass. I believe he is Darius Khonji's nephew. Great video by Gavras as always.
Harrison Schutz, Occupy spokesman on Hannity, said NYPD sent rapists to Zuccotti Park
the OS isn't as snappy as I thought it would be on 2 cores. In terms of hardware, it's really nice...
Who else was disappointed in the Baltimore City election? Something just wasn't right...
Caller 9 when you hear 1d, no trivia
always makes me smile no matter what! :D Logan<3 Kendall<3 Carlos<3 James<3
We don't get to see lunar eclipse here much from all the smog hehehe! It does sound nice though :)
Yes, fixed a lot with patches. Was running a water-cooled xfire machine oc and ran like crap still. Wasnt ready for launch.
For all who celebrate – Happy Hanukkah!
Ready to go home &&d go to sleep!
Byebye Illinois. See ya, wouldn't wanna be ya!
The artist was and the song was "Yokohama Cafe" ^_^
Rooting for - I think the only one I'd actually watch.
Nightlife at Because the Pacific octopus is nocturnal, she sometimes comes out to play Thursday nights. Crossing my fingers!
can't wait!
Hope everyone is having a great day!
#ilovewhen she lays on her stomach while suckin my dick as I rub, massage and smack that assplease retweet
"Courtesy is only a thin veneer on the general selfishness.
Whaat forgot about Hollywood Bowl traffic! In your face LA! ": Oh joy it's season. #trafficsucks #barhamisabitch”
Time to get training for the holidays! Normal ipods can't handle the sweat. Waterfi's Can!! Use coupon code "sweatproof" saves you $12.
Three oclock is always too early or too late for anything you want to do. ~ Jean Paul Sartre
Thank you Sean!! RT : bringing back quality to MIA is
I believe I am too. I have to wait and find out though, but.. If I do go, we definatly have to get together!
Heading to tonight to sample their new happy hour!
I really have no one.
Yes. Word is still the king of word processors. For now.
Another DAY ! ANOTHER DOLLAR !!
I need out of this damn place!!!! I can't take much more of this shit!!!!
I love all those things but I'm getting sushi haha
if there is something, likely can be handled with a minor refactor, its a small codebase
Selling Discount Business Cards in the Tucson Area
I'd love to have someone to cuddle with in bed right now.
Heading to the border after lunch ... Going back home ... Canada
lmao!! They are always touching someone! Hope you have a good and safe flight.
Ahh...nothing like a long day sitting on the plane not going anywhere.
How do you be with someone who wishes they never met you
& headed to Africa to drink beer w/ at #wsop Africa. I'm watching Fresh Beat Band on nickjr
Changed my PW once again. I hope that this is enough now to keep my account from being hacked into again. Missed you guys, take care!
as a former Portland resident, I approve.
And to add to the bandwagon #EdCampBmore is coming in the fall!
hmm , prefer to be singe than attached ! , sighh
Protecting my tweets for lil bit . Heard it keeps spam away .
dude how is it!?
Can it just rain so hard one day that school gets canceled? Instead of snow it's rain and the school gets so flooded that we go home
. absolutely killed it tonight.
Aw, thanks!
the coffer holds
ok get them then
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Definitely in love with
What does your tattoo say ?
Watching Game of Thrones with Viggle Sun | 6PM | HBO Latino Get real rewards just for watching TV.
that was exactly what I did! Love you!!!
Forget about the price tag
Emerson talking about the importance of going out to communities who are marginalized & hearing them, on their own turf.
There's a lot going on at www.myqueenbquilts.com. Have you seen it lately?!
has a wine fridge full of 750s
otw to Mississippi for Austin's release party...
nah too bad
They call me energizer, cause I'm never stopping.
RT : We are fans of your outstanding cookbook #Plenty, and anticipating your new --upcoming one
Thanks man.
In light of , perhaps we give a break. Brilliant, visionary musician is #winning over middling former sitcom actor
too bad i didnt get to see ya. i miss you so. enjoy SXSW!
Hey, I saw you retweeted my Graeber interview. You may be interested in another post I recently made:
Please tell me this is sarcasm.
Arnie is tougher than nails and will be just fine. Somebody should check Tim Finchem's BP, however. He's gotta be on a Tiger high.
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset when people lie for no reason!
Oh really? :) Cute!
Keep your eyes.. Open.. (:
Got a credit card hijacked. We think we caught it before the thieves did too much damage.
minis are flying off the belt at University Village. Looks like we might need to carry them at other stores soon.
its not power loser
Two wells could give two villages fresh water for years; don't apologize! Applied to any colleges yet?
What a very boring day
Good morning Do you like to be scratched behind the ears?
If they get too lippy, punch 'em in the mouth (jk)---better yet! Throw ice cubes at 'em...go VIKES! Skol! #vikings, #packers,
Thank you! (and thanks for the RT :-) How's your dissertation going?
can't wait till the18th is coming to indiana for the #WelcomeToParadise tour super pumped!!!
I don't get everyone's "disappointment". The guts of the 4s (everything from the baseband processor, CPU, Camera, Graphics chips....are new.
"By helping each other with your troubles, you truly obey the Law of Christ."-Gal. 6:2, Have a Wonderful Day, you guys!
Let's go half on a baby girl?
Dinner and a movie tonight.
What? Neither did I. Between us, I don't think undergrads could handle the amount of work we do.
Luck is finding a shiny penny face side up on the sidewalk. A good day is finding a crisp new $20. I'm having a good day.
Importance of being able to reach people: original program participants didn't have email at the time (1994!).
Just signed up Tawanna Thai on Wilshire!
I recommend The Vow bro, u will like man. Right up your alley
“: Drew is here from Breckenridge! Stop out and try some fantastic beers from Colorado. 5pm to 7pm”
I am booked up w/client meetings in Northern Cali this week, but am following tweets like a fiend. #MW2012 You there?!
my live feed stops randomly and then I have to restart. Annoying for the VoD, I watched those on TSN instead.
The Sloan Summit on open access put on by the Boston Library Consortium yesterday & today: a rousing success. Thanks, folks.
COME TO CALI!!!!!! I need to see you<33 Or I might die
A very happy birthday, to my brother Jason Pascoe. He's a great guy.
people that blame diabetes on capitalist food production.
Funny thing about this Kony thing. I made a song about chile rebel soldiers a year ago. I guess now would be the time to record it
Considering most people didn't think it would get past episode 13, I kind of see the whole series as a quirky, ridiculous gift.
Newscasters in #Lubbock turn up the fear factor for a passing
Second Hand Rose in Buffalo is filled with #antique and #junking treasures! Come see us Saturday!
Thanks to for a yummy KW chili lunch on #Larchmont!
he's a fool. Proves it every time he opens his mouth.
Tuesday was spectacular! Thanks to all who joined us to make this the best Arts & Eats for Justice Gala yet! A big thanks to !
If u are taking a picture of someone else on the street, we'll wait of course but don't be rude and take forever. Take the g-d photo already
Live SINGLE CHEF show at 6PM tonight Pacific. I'll be whipping up Salmon in wine, herb butter and cream sauce! Link is www.theroomlive.com
Crazy wind today. I can't help but wonder how the tiny dogs fare in this weather. Wouldn't they just blow away like tumbleweed?
aw thank you :))
Thanks so much! And thanks for the email the other day, too. Can't wait to see you!
Sorry to be missing it (I was drawn towards Rise or Demise of the Public?). Would be curious to learn more, however
Smile..its Universal:):)
RT : Followers in #Aruba can get 25% off indoor spa treatments tomorrow - Sunday in celebration of Social Media Day! Mention...
#LIVEfrombehind watching in Menomonee Falls WI, with 10 of my new best friends.
for sure! I am in LA until Tuesday.
bout too chill
Things are busy at #BlueRock. It is always a good day when 3 #edit suites are busy.
wait stop... what you know about krump lol
... a single set of integrated search results - InfoDesk
noted. Thanks sir!
now into background for Comp. Plan.
Dear Admin, Health class is looking at sexuality. Sorry for the creepy google searches.
Figures show that Miami-Dade public transportation use has grown 5.9% in the past year. Hop off at Government Center station to visit us!
<<<Your UFO is almost ready! Just adding the shape shifting device and I threw in a bar and a stripper pole as a bonus! ZOOM
Hey. Are you playing this weekend?
THANK YOU TO ALL MY TWITTER FRIENDS. YOU HAVE NO IDEA!
Bitches cant find they man cuz I ride it good.
I am so done with this week already.
thanks for #ff..damn yankees ..still love them!
Automatic Doors Make me feel like a JEDI!!
Brandon Ashley for MVP great game. Future wildcat. Can't wait..
I hate when you dry on a dress or skirt after washing it to find it shrunk about 3 inches<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
So caught a case of the black death. I'll be covering for him tonight at The Baltimore House on Curry Hollow Rd. See yinz there!
Rolling over on my yearbook, which has sharp corners resulted in me sounding like i had a form of tourettes. did move..
!watch television
Very true. At least in my case two are not full time and I'm not pretending they are. I've seen ones like you were mocking. ;)
Now I want chocolate! I asked for a chocolate banana at Braum's this week, & the guy chuckled. Pervert!
"All I really need is love, but a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt!" ~ Lucy Van Pelt
you got my numbaaa, that isnt a convo for twitter
yeah, and people were singing along, but wasn't loud, strange song choice. Maybe cause theyre low in the standings right now?
- welcome to twitter!
we get great feedback on all the worth bats, as well as the z1000. I don't think you'll go wrong either way!
“I need, therefore I imagine.” - Carlos Fuentes
Rondo is a bum! He can't average a triple double every game?!
RT : #lrnchat Q5 Read the instruction manual from back to front?
Feeling like a bum while all my friends move my stuff. I have amazing friends, but
aha okok. Oh that'd be cool 8) I'm down! Lol
Congrats to your town! Any plans to bring iPads into the classroom as well?
call me maybe.. has been stuck in my head all damn day.
Your wife sounds awesome!
Had a wedding on Saturday, Sunday-Funday, busy Monday, great portrait session today, & now off to volunteer training at the Humane Society!
get this - Allen West thinks shd apologize to HIM? for making him talk about policy i guess. or constituents. or both.
my content marketing system would come to a grinding halt without SlideShare
He'll learn. He must be a freshman.
Not saying Henrik Lundqvist isn't elite. He's top 3. But Rangers defense is amazing. Block shots all night. Physical. Unreal
just call me
I live 10 feet away from the beach & I never even go. Fuck you school.
just got the news made dfw fashion wk
Can I just say, my production crew and my dept heads are fucking amazing? Superhuman. More than heroes: demi-gods.
Some girl told me that I was "undatable" last night... I thanked her for the compliment.
TECHNOLOGY: Top Pinterest Tools and Tips for Music Marketing
www.loveachild.com anything can help!
Its very strenuous and requires a ton of patience trying to talk to someone who studders alot with a lisp and has the hiccups....haha
Just walked past a mass display of wood/flowerpot men. Fucking terrifying.
That was close Thought maybe you moved. Ling live 303.
of course! Was nice to see you briefly...we'll have to really catch up some time.
#Kentucky's scouting report on OSU - "Try not to lose by more 20."
Watching the game with G-Ma and ! Go #Cowboys!!
spare yourself from this coffee! where is MY coffee?? bring it !!!!!”
your so cool
Cotler: While world preoccupied with Syria and Iran nuke threat, widespread repression of Iranian ppl flying under radar
Also, the line "Split for what, a couple of old poopheads?" delivered to perfection by Buzz Gunderson.
I went to CVS to get shampoo and conditioner only to find out that they close at 10. So I had to turn around and go all the way to Meijer
It's a hot day. Arrests increase on hot days.
Please keep my mom in your thoughts and prayers today. She was just sent to the ER for neck/arm injuries after her car was rear-ended.
It's almost 5 a.m. and I'm still in the process of brainwashing my desktop. I feel like I'm putting an old, faithful collie to sleep.
; I look at you, looking at me, now I know why they say the best things are free, I'm gonna love you girl you are so fine, Angel of Mine.
The Matrix came out 12 years ago today. Wow. I still remember sitting in the theatre being amazed
Pauly - "This Is What Happens When You Take Steroids" *Points At Ronnie* xD
im jelous of the people u RT reply or follow...i wonder when my day will come :O i cant wait(:
Yeah they took it a little far. esp with that child model. yeah she TOTALLY looks like the sister.
Capstone almost over
When people see good, they expect good. And I dont wanna live up to anyones expectations!
I miss the good old days.
whiskey bar? What whiskey bar? I'm listening... :-)
Congrats on the SM position at SOA - just saw it on LinkedIn -- best of luck!!
BREAKING NEWS: Special prosecutor says she won't use a grand jury in the Trayvon Martin case.
I'm SO missing! RT : NNNNNNOOOOOOooooo #
Hope these dancers arent half naked bc I'll be in tears lol
4 more days until Valentines Day .. Its gonna be nice for him !
Oh my you definitely need to go back and visit! :D Do you speak fluent spanish?
psh. he's no Mark Whitten. 12 RBI too? THAT'S ridiculous.
The biscotti on Delta flights is amazing. Thumbs up.
I know!!!! I thought about that!
I'm grindin nothin more nothin less she got to respect that<U+2755><U+2755>
Next stop a re-vamping of our info page, an age verification page, both of which are nearly done, and then .......more flavors!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow. Recommend.me is a total spambot. Can't believe you spammed my entire contact book when I signed up. So. Evil.
My throat hurts.
Today I'm just going to listen (& reply) to what you have to say. No pressure. Any comments/suggestions/thoughts you'd like to share?
Omg, all these people funky mouths today.
probably a good think I have to teach this afternoon, otherwise it would be entirely unproductive
whats your favorite color?
Got Some More Ice Cream :-)
My spirit animal is a cat with feline aids.
where you be at?
Lmaoo RT : Deandre Jordan literally can't do anything else, Blake's post moves are Kareem-like compared to his
lol she was laughing.
Good question. Maybe go back to the last revision?
Did you experience SHake Shack in NY?
Seriously exhausted. Don't wanna work tomorrow.
Got a secondhand robot. Practically good as new! Just a few nicks and scratches, and a tendency to murder.
I want my boyfriend to come over but I don't know .
is right. Only she can touch me. :) I love her
Going minimalist? Wear your five fingers for 6 months before running in them. When you run, run fast and with good form. Build slowly.
I know I miss you bro. Its been good but hectic. Wbu
Yep. I prefer the Bowers & Wilkins and will hope it's hip to be square.
Guess what - wear LaCrasia cotton gloves in fun colors to keep the sun from yourhands. One of our cutomers told us it helps prevent agespots
If a gang of preppies hold you down and cut your hair, pick yourself up by your bootstraps and go to Pray Away the Gay camp.
I have seen it(
The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way it's animals are treated....Ghandi
what? :P
25 years ago today someone at #espn made a terrible mistake
lol I knoww I love herr
Revealing reporting in the LATimes about the homogeneity of Oscar voters. But not sure that's enough explanation for Crash winning best pic.
I have two sites that I use mailchimp. It's easy and it doesn't charge the small sites. FFTP will have to pay of course.
Some days I'm average. Other days I'm just plain mean. I suppose that's the norm.
thinks that maybe he should actually work for the Bruce Lee Library, if such a thing exists.
no balloons!? Lol
How are you Mr. DOJ JOKE KIlling more border patrol men and women ???
goes to the CREW!! He gets to play along side our good friend Bernardo Anor. Congratulations
Michele Bachman: "No!" means "No!". And "submission" means submission. Look it up. It does not mean "respect".
Lean Enchiladas - Enjoy this lighter, leaner and more nutritious version of a classic favorite INGREDIENTS 1 cup frozen chopped onion...
any graphic designers here? :)
Q4 The scenery, the wildlife... and then eating some of said wildlife by way of super fresh salmon ;)
Time for a hair cut
I'm reminded 1.5 year olds don't understand the concept of pointing at something more than five feet away
You aint kiddin! Where they from?
That's the worst. Feel better!
lol yeehaw. Only you would stumble into country that way!
On my way to be judged. Also to be fed. Gin will be served.
great day to invest in sturdy, durable, really affordable screen printing equipment that will stand the test of time.
Going to be highs in the 90s today!
hell with beer: more gin. Got tied up wit kiddos. Heading your way soon (5 min)
i get my best ideas for anything in the shower. idk why
I have spent my time stringing and unstringing my instrument while the song I came to sing remains unsung ~Rumi
I know it will be amazing cus ur gonna be in it <21
good afternoon school was fun and I treated a couple of my classmates I burnt them crispy
Oliver Finley is running a no catch special where we are giving away 10 Free Haircuts on T/ Wed/ Th just for calling 658 1115 (code SSFBOF)
you dog!
So tired of scam job offers.
Fuck the lies, fuck all the hiding and fuck you, throw it all away and throw it all away
Wow, silence of the big crowd!
peeps ridin with or thru can be a smooth, reckless, dark, blinding sun. pot holes, slippery slopes, icy, foggy...keep drivin!
clay gets 10 seconds of camera time. That kinda sucked
Order sent to What The Tree Said Books in NH!
hola doesn't count cause it's in Spanish. Lol so.....hola
I'll be in LA mid June. Any interest in having me on to talk vinyl toys?
Yes, and I used the fly over tool. Students love that to get a sense of place.
Reading "Living in the Heart" by Drunvalo Melchizedek. Great read. Just watched DVD "Quantum Communication" David Sereda.
My daughter is kicking butt on Virtua Fighter 5. She might even be able to beat me
Substitute barista asked me how to make an espresso machiatto. I changed my order to drip. I don't mess around with my espresso.
One Heart Ministry to hold annual banquet - Alexandria Echo Press
Kobe aint like Jordan he can't play sick
I'm taking Denver over New England tonight. Tebow Time will get started early. count on it. Tebow
I have one members stand available....
Come on down to Hotel Metro for the #MKEfoodies1yr party!
I want to interview you about your experience as an EFL teacher. For people who might want to be jumping into the profession.
What 60s/70s artist other than Smithson & Dan Graham that had original work published in Harper's Bazaar? This is DRIVING ME NUTS.
Sadly, my vote usually goes to the lesser of all evils. GOP candidates looking satanic vs the other options.
You okay?
is researching fall/winter 2010 colors and working on new designs that are being inspired by rest and relaxation.
at least you did it!! great job! you are going to kill that marathon! (I am just now getting over being sore from my race)
Be nice to ur moms this sunday, they made u.
Well, I guess I'm having nightmares tonight... :-(
Wonderful! Makes my day :)
just left the movies
Nothing like starting off the year strong
At a recent college reception for new admits, a student described finding a roommate via online ad. Not good, stick with friends.
#10FactsAboutMe 2) sushi, mangoes or mango flavors, and coffee flavored ice cream can persuade me to do almost anything.
join the club. So broke :(
Dont hide ur feelings from someone if you love them then show it,want to be with them take a chance,bc life is to short to live with regrets
Ah, it could be the context.
For realssss. I think Cody's there.. Not sure tho. How have the screenings been? Anything good so far?
Poker Face on Fuse!
I feel like a Manichean for saying that.
Just so everyone knows Road House is on MGMhd right now.
you don't follow me so I can't dm
Monday nights with >>>
Follow us on facebook.com/wilsonhotamales
To take my mind away from today's game, it will be good to try on Tuxedos with
If I ever have a baby boy, I'd like to name him Charlie. Just so I can call him Chuck Morris.
Oh I'm happy..
keep playing the game until it dont change
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted growth, faster. We want to slow down- so we can become better.
We hope so! I should have an answer for you very soon!
I had a lot of fun at the holiday party tonight. Lots of fun, interesting folks doing cool things in DC.
Babysitting...again
haha yes! can't wait for their grammy red carpet coverage!
spy on vegas tonight... open bar from 6-9...
Nah Dave, you're cool.
Marty's (take your pick here) older, fatter, slower...
OK twitter world Im goin 2 make an effort 2 be more twitter active. I mean its not like Im doing anything, but making money
Not moved on since that Pamela Anderson crush aged 14? Hurry! On average people fall in love 7 times before marriage!
We do inspections.....
No wonder Youkilis hasn't been "physically or emotionally into the game" - my mind would be elsewhere if I got Tom Bradys sis pregnant too
For booking, email
TrueCompliments decided to lower their letter prices to $3! Take that big-brand card store with bulk-copied-non-personal letters!
LOL, Kenny Powers is still a self-centered, egomaniacal @$$hole & deadbeat dad. And I loved every minute of it. #eastbound&down is awesome!
fuck dat lets shoot it up on the green ur treat lol
Tweeting dean? Yes! RT : RT Dean : Graduation week coming up for Class of 2012 and !
best color ever!
Sad music and whiskey. Makes me as happy as it does sad.
Thank you all for having me tonight!
Wakin up is the hardest part of the day
haha i bet..
*whew* #Giants recovered that fumble.
Well-said, my good man. Well-said!
are you kidding me!?
i dont want things to go back the way they were cuz i dont want my feelings for you to come back
HAHAH all I can say is, belle must have magical powers. Did he get her hogwarts letter yet?
RT": We are LIVE right now with Will Ferrell and !!! It's on!! Woo! #SNL"
Anybody have suggestions for some good websites for workout & fitness advice? Maybe workout regimens & routines?
Fitzgerald says constituents told him to "stay the course this is what we elected you to do" about act 10
5/14-Coming to the stage at The World Famous Comic Strip Live NYC: Dean Edwards
Kreider's better. Yes I'm biased obviously RT : Also I am waiting for the inevitable Henrique-Kreider debates......
I heard I wasn't the Bruhz yet though lol
Thinking about responsive / mobile UX at #drupalcon, and wondering: do we need to bring back the LOWSRC attribute for smaller mobile images?
I wish u could run to me right now:(((
One of the worst last possessions I've ever seen
The best vision is insight. Malcolm S. Forbes
Haircut today. A professional appearance is key to a succussful job search!
#incaseyoudidntknow I AM the lady who found/runs the music promotion page
sounds like some lyrics to me Eddie
That's just scary.
I'd be pissed if someone rubbed cake on my face. I mean, outside of the bedroom, of course. Then it's a-whole-nother story. ;)
#3WordsForYou Call Me Maybe? ;)
Getting ready for 2nd installment of The Ring Cycle as part of my cinematic opera journey. Die Walkyre!
i cannot wait to leave this city ... 2 more weeks
Fuck my life.
especially when people make themselves easy targets to talk shit to. some are more obvious to this than others.
i'm in the very front row. Camel color sweater. Sounds like you're in the back. Let's def say Hello after!
Nothing like watching #Rambo on a rainy day!
When will the March 2012 hardcopy be released in stores?
Literally RT Just remember, money buys nothing
Happy Pi Day, tweeps! Go honor Pi in the best way you know how!
I need mahomie friends to follow me on fb
one time I was getting off the bus and my bus driver closed the door on me
Thank you! I needed some real beat in my life this morning!!! Do you play, are a vocalist, or a writer?
i hope so. im here until sunday
bitch I got 300 on the series
you are adorable. I bet the boys on the playground are just getting in line to date you.
I just really hope Brielle and Erika make it through. Reed wasn't AS good as last night, but let's see!
Wow. Antonio Cromartie will probably go broke today.
Why is everyone in the office giving me strange looks today? Oh yea
sweet, are you free Saturday?
of course!
Sometimes I really hate people. People are stupid.
Tues 11AM The Other Side Radio w/ on 1480 w/ Jeff Anderson Washington Times & Politricks
Do Ya Thang - Rihanna
The roots of rhythm remain
Chilean miners FTW
I was seriously wondering haha
Haha bro I was just joking. I'm not speaking for Thi'sl
Shabazz Palaces is definitely worth checking out. One of the best records from the few last years. Videos are great too.
Still think about that meatloaf MT W/ rain looming, I'm craving the meatloaf w/ bacon marmalade from
Happy Tuesday from the show! DJ Flash brings you throwback hits to complement Troy's commentary until noon today. Let's go!
Awesome, chili dogs are pretty great - thanks for the tip!
Shaqnosis are must cops, I'm still on the fence with the Question's, but i haven't heard about the pair I'm #Thirsty for...the Kamikaze's
Bill Romanowski lets loose on The Herd, "best hit I ever had was when I broke a jaw and had guy bleeding out his ears..."
Idk, we were discussing this yesterday. People seemed to think Duncan would shut down Blake.
trouble with my tweet button count never updating. Is this still a known issue in some cases? OK to have php params in url?
RT : : The real power of this journey was that I don't just #GetOverIt + we all adapt to get over challenge
I simply told him if he didn't leave then I wouldn't either.
Steve Krug has two great books that I found helpful for usability testing
Guys that have no respect for girls<<<<
if your a zombie, monster, ghoul, fiend dat junt bumpin
Let us decide that this day is a wonderful day to discover in every moment who would God have us be in this very moment.
#Coworking is not Co-working. It’s an independent movement that doesn’t want to be separated by a hyphen! cc:
Ok, I'm following… Now what? :) Entertain me like you did at ScareFest last year. LOL
Yeah, I knew it was too good to be true. I'm ready to go home.
Yes. Yes I am. RT : But is so irresistibly juicy
I urge you to comment on that blog post. please correct them, it's possible none of their professors will
Blake played on the best HS team I've ever seen (Miami Sr.) - 12 Division 1 players, 2 NBA guys (Blake-Haslem)
their thanks is the points you give for the follow, but it's cute you thank them
ah yes, the entertaining chatter of voters waiting in line
only 14. I up to about 50
Yikes RT : One constant with all of the power-play configurations: They're not scoring today, either.
thanks for the props Pita Bros
good question!
iPhone-because if you have a PC, iPod & iPad you can use iCloud to sync./access to your info./apps/pics on all devices at anytime.
I need tonight so bad. For my own self esteem hahaha
Then what happened? RT For those saying "MJ never missed free throws!" He missed against Cleveland in 89 to win the series in 4
For Your Luxury & Exotic Car Needs We Offer: Maybach 62, Rolls Royce, Lamborghini, Ferrari, Aston Martin, Porsche and more!
It's all about the headbands
SEC tourney and NCAA regionals must not be then, huh?
Thompson out at Yahoo. Finally
#nabshow in #lasvegas Airband offers #wirelessfiber options to Radio stations in any of our 18 markets
Missed you tonight!
RT : I personally don't give a sh*t who's DJ'ing or not, do your thing! Few will have my respect.
When i sit and think about when a parent dies...its a very hard struggle..u feel like u gotta rush to grow up and mature.
HUGE congrats to and the team for winning #Internship Program of Year for the 2nd time in a row!
good guess!! Rusty Varenkamp is producing!!! :)
For the record... The Shareski home is gorgeous.
love the Coca-Cola Christmas advert!
Happy Birthday<3 hope you have a good one :D
it's all good :-) I wasn't banking on it. And hell yes! Duet!!!
RT : Suspend my campaign in a cryogenic chamber so it lasts forever.
Baseball: Memorial completes sweep of rival Bellaire - Houston Chronicle
Share with us, too! RT : Do you have any #WaterWednesday tips you truly believe make a difference? Share them with us!
Good deed for the day: buy a cd off a random struggling rap artist
I hope this summer will beat all of my past summers. :) I have a really good feeling it will.
I appreciate/value Kevin addressing the tough stuff in the Q&A. Great leadership quality.
Lmao! Cousin I was real smooth with it swear but they def tryda toss my little a** and was in the freezer for 10 min lols
RT : RT : Q1: How do you think Twitter Chats can be improved?
I have a big softball tournament coming up in a couple weeks can you wish me "good luck :-)" please?:D
No way in hell I haven't received an email in the past three hours!! Vacation from email I guess...
Never get comfortable in a relationship cuz it could end as quiccly as it began...
Fast & easy! I trim & rinse, wrap in cello & microwave for 3 min. Serve with NF yogurt dip or Ital dressing. YUM!
If I knew what I was doing, I'd be doing it right now.
yes definitely. Id be pissed if I wasn't in the front
Hey Mahomies What's Up
Everyone is talking about working from home jobs. Whats the big ...
Whiskers! I want to stay in bed! Have a good one , ya'll. :)
Damn this dude took those shots like a beast...he lost but damn
All the subway sandwiches I ate losing weight! I ain't mad at Jarred but they need to do one on Derrick!
#ireallywant to be happy again.
Can you please clear up the rumors about using the Facebook "like" as a giveaway entry method being against their new policy?
Reno, where can I find gelatin sheets? Already tried Whole Foods. No luck.
Until Rick Perry proves he has America's best interest in mind, he should not get a penny of our $$
Anyone have awesome/life saving project management tools they are willing to share? Particularly tools geared towards group collab.
HELP HELP SOMEBODY CALL 911 MINDLESS BAY HAS LOST HER MINE TYPING MUSUC LYRICS HELP LORD I PRAY TO U HELP HER
are some of these illustrations in the public domain (the ones from before 1923) or are they all copyrighted?
That would be great, I loved baldurs gate
yeah it's a wee bit strange..i try to keep inspectiv's feed focused on CX related content (cont)
Love full metal alchemist and Bleach lol
yea teedy long jk im just kidding wats up girl
Just saw #RightByMySideVideo, Love that Song!!!!!
Friendly democratic reminder: The deadline to register to vote in this year's PA primary is tomorrow at 5 p.m.
Happy 3rd Birthday, Bella!
This is horrible
omg I totally thought I was already following you! Done :)
Lack of demand for iron, no railroad infrastructure, orientation of iron, and the significant amount of waste make the mine a uneconomical.
Our Shawn Kemp's Kids team photo will probably be framed, or at least end up on my refrigerator and stay in my heart
Set the coffee pot. Never got any. Well, fuckersticks.
A penalty had to be handed down; I do feel it was excessive in terms of losing their coach for a full year.
Reports out of Dallas say that Morris Claiborne is a virgin after he was the first #blackguy taken this year that didn't have a kid.
A challenge to women... Get uncomfortable in a conversation about social & economic issues across party lines.
Success without hard work
Women's health funding ban lifted - Longview News-Journal
Ball so hard my tonsils hurt lmfao.
Drink tequila
that's a bold statement, even when referring to me
what apartment fool?!
studying. U?
“: I believe therefore I act! #STUPIDFAITH” //Say that!
Enjoy the movies...&snacks! Make sure u get your money's worth...especially since u had to take out that 2nd mortgage for it.
RT : Savvy marketers are seeking the holy grail of creative: code once for all platforms, then add device specific features
#kids Walk for LIFE: Walk for LIFE Saturday, May 19, 2012 at 10:00 AM South Park Buffalo Drive, South Park, Pennsylvania 15129 United States
This team just isn't good, mediocre at best!! We fans support this team faithfully and deserve more! New owner now!
And black pumps...
Guess there's only 9... never was a math person.
Sunday? you go girl!!!!
Chachi's Twitter is
Chilling in Santa Monica with my girl for the weekend
30% hahaha it keeps getting better
It's a good thing Jesus loves the Church, because otherwise we Christians would've killed it a long time ago.
from JD earlier RT : eco-moving - get rid of as much stuff as possible before you move = less to move, less impact
A virtual "Cheers!" & thanks for the retweet, , , &
Wow... Impressive implementation of 'Signals'! Congrats to the $STWIT team!!
dominos artisan pizza.. gotta be the biggest rip off ever.. seriously. the thing must weigh 4oz. and tastes like shit.
Thanks to an office discussion on emoticons (again), I'll be spending the rest of my afternoon trying to make the :-/ face.
get ready boston techies, is headed your way from austin and you'll be better for it. bad loss for atx. cc.
Having to wait until 8pm is the only bad part about being in vegas...
Stopped in Barnes & Noble at the mall to buy a newspaper. News flash! They don't sell newspapers at the bookstore.
BAD BITCH MENTALITY....UGLY ASS FACE...
Cops is only good when someone gets tasered .
tell your I said happy mothers day!:)and we love her 2!<21
Getting so excited for Miss Amy Kaspers Bachelorette weekend in Chicago this weekend!!
ALPHA NEWS: Eta Lambda Wins Southern Region Alumni Chapter of the Year
i don't wanna go in the morning for tutoring, but i have to pick my grade up in chemistry ughh.
Great day to be a new yorker interested in both advertising and international relations. Off to for Advertising week, then the UN
“: yea. Lion king, Aladdin, pocahontas, Mulan, and Finding Nemo” on DVD?! Let me hold them lol
Sweating my balls off on this #megabus... get me some air!!!
I've never kissed anyone in the rain.
solid. timoreilly- Repeated at #pdf10, : activism beyond registering collective opinion; get people together to DO something
Easily Greinke's worst start at Miller Park this season. Did he take the foot off the gas, or struggle through a hangover from last night?
A #cat in a hurry can #sprint at about thirty one miles per hour
Let go of everything you know. The destination lies ahead, and we are not alone.
Love it.
confessions video uploading now! Thanks for the shout out girl! Been traveling all day without wifi.
Assuming he wins the job over Colt McCoy.
wow! That is at least a decade off, probably more.
Thanks guys for the RT!
in a way i don't want other people to notice austin and for him to become big but i also want his dream to come true <3
atleast you don't have to play with under classmen!!! Ughh she pisses me off so much!
oh how I miss those boyzz
Parenting tip #427: never let a toddler control the pace of your morning walk.
check out Travie McCoy as well he's in that band. Pretty decent CD.
thanks for the great write-up of Reality with on
I would be worried about the combination of cloud-attached collars tracked by the NSA
I don't know what to wear
Mall then show tonight with Heather and Archie. :)
what a fabulous film and amazing team of the sweetest cast and crew :) :)
You'll never see me thirsty for the "D"
Thinking should I get My baby from daycare early & go home
NP. Gr8 to see on tm side, esp coming from player & brand/org side myself. Actually have a related non-profit to send you info on...
in the back of Betsy!(:
Live from Woodgrove High: Discussing photography with students this morn. The school has an impressive art space!
Oh my god!!!!! you are so far awya from me :( i wish you would come to Texas. i heard your songs and i fucking love them!!!!!
Something's gotta give
Used to be charro
this Chilis commercial looks great. I must be drunk... again
There's too much drama everywhere. I'm trying to get away from it..
lool RT : he's busy gezz o petts give him a break
dude dnt no one hmu no more dog...
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! I'm excited <3
Agreed! Wishbone and Nookies are also fabulous options.
loves it when you rub elbows with celebrities....
Rather win in February or March? Mounties struggled in Feb... But now undefeated in March. That's why they call it Madness!
They are such hearty little ones! We think it's Celine who has changed her coat of orange for white!
Did he just show up at the door? Weak in the knees!!!!
I wonder why there is a construction barge in the Charles. Somebody building a new dock near MIT, perhaps?
wow bold lol but true
Almost any guy can look good on a motorcycle. You wanna see what kind of a guy you've got? Watch him walk through a spiderweb.
Why oh why is it that fillings have to fall out on the weekends??
that good hows work n r you happy?
Just got some bus tix to a client near
We are now OPEN! Come visit us! Lots of books, great views, great space! Right on the Oval on campus.
Oh. My. God. Bet you'll never forget Sweden;)
morning thanks you do the Same
yeah, this is happening hahah
did you ever find a good stream?
Quick! Somebody get me to a doctor. Watched #KONY2012 and had to call in sick from work cause I'm barfing all over the place right now.
I'm in the same boat.
im bout to go to my friend jaron's house cya in a little while
Ain't no mountain high enough to keep me from getting to you. Unless its an actual mountain, then fuck that.
we need balloons.
There’s a lot of really, really boring stuff in the world. Dust bunnies. Status meetings. Tax forms. Flossing. How do you fascinate?
Sharing lovingkindness &honored 2b MT/RT'd by you:
Watched 5 minutes of Hoarders and had nightmares that our home was filthy. Will not be watching that show again!
Well La Salita Nation...the line has formed around the building...again. Come on by tonight and enjoy our Friday special...Carne Adovada!!!
A girl from my class in grade school is now married and had a baby today. Lots of feels.
Thanks for following!
I gotta invite to join the Obama campaign on their trips to Wisconsin & Iowa but i gotta work ugh!!
4square pastor just tried to solicit my pest control biz & big cucaracha pic in email-EEK!!
That's crazy! You should be super proud of yourself. That looks REALLY good! :)
woah there turbo , dont get TOO full of yourself !
he might as well go back and fuck wit converse
This may be TMI, but I gained 5 pounds and my boobs feel awesome. Have a nice day ;)
When boys cuddle and talk to you until you both fall asleep. <U+2665>
OPEN REHEARSAL AT 3PM THIS SUNDAY. MURPHY FINE ARTS CENTER (Morgan State University) STRING PLAYERS FEEL FREE TO DROP IN/JOIN US!!!
i booked a pilot today! keep up to date at www.josephmancusoactor.com
LOL I LOVE THAT SONG
Today's Get Energized tip: Maintain your heating equipment. Dirt and neglect are the top causes of heating system failure.
check out my zombie apocalypse website for more survival tips, and to become a member and post your own tips, www.sandovalnation.webs.com
#BASS #Dubstep #FSEDM RT : Wub wub! Hear that? No it's not Charlie Brown's mom. It's a new #FullSailHowTo Video: How To Create...
Merry Christmas everyone have a beautiful day :D
u from nyc?
I need our three newest fans (who responded to yesterday's tweet) to post a comment on our FB page so I can issue your prizes. Thank you!^CH
will ferrell sounds like google translate
Let's go Soriano!!!!
Look who is here: ! Welcome to the Twitosphere!
Expect Haywood to make a decision on coaching in the NFL or College for this year very soon...
I know I didn't just waste over two hours of my day dealing with an adult-bullying situation. Name calling? Really?
You can't overlook the smaller search engines as well
“If you’re lucky enough to find a guy with a lot of head & a lot of heart, he’s never going to come off the field second.” ~Vince Lombardi
dude.... YES i'm obsessed :) but jamey carroll is kinda rude haha
Brenda Linares says hi to all the CSUN Alumni. Go Matadors!
question: can I cut a bitch?
Um yes!
SMFH..BOTH SON!!??
big decision: what are you going to eat?
I'm w/ The Husband, first time, so far so good!
"Most of our obstacles would melt away if, instead of cowering before them, we should make up our minds to walk boldly through them."
In the hopes of a brighter tomorrow.
: contesting digital dualism is as much a political cause as an epistemological one
If I voted I would have went for the Pettitte win over Smoltz in 1996. Just an awesome performance.
man we bless enjoying kc. my lil man is already standing up and he's only 4months. First round draft pick lol on the way.
Hearing angels sing because you found nutella >>>>>>>>>>>
time for the bruins to put up or
i will keep dreaming tell my dream of meeting the boys (1Direction) i would love to but mabe 1 day i will i hope i do i love them4 ever <333
MAD MEN ACID
Developer proposes 260 apartments in downtown Ventura
With recent promotion comes a new station assignment. Starting next week, will be leaving the East End for the area just north of downtown.
I have mastered the art of treading the fine line between 'asshole' and 'douchebag'.
well there is still a spot for you on the team. If you actually want to play!
A doctor told Tim Tebow's mother to abort him. His parents said no & that God would make a way.
Are we going to see a WazzzUppp commercial tonight?
Next month is elementary graduation the September he'll be in middle school
Shook sum dude out of his nikes 2nite!
4 hour drive
bluesy-adjective bluesy music has the slow sad sound of blues, which developed from the songs of black slaves in the southern US
ive been good hon wats going on with u
We are sometimes as different from ourselves as we are from others.Francois de La Rochefoucauld
“Destiny is not a matter of chance; it is a matter of choice.” ~William Jennings Bryan
loved the show in Milwaukee tonight!!
Shit...timeline. And here I was thinking they let me slip through the cracks.
True Freedom dawns with the realization one has never been free.
Our recent EP, New Demons, has now officially been re-released on Phratry Records. We'll have it available at the Cactus Club this Sunday...
I have something u can take if u need 100% recovery! U know I'm the bowel expert.
RT : You know i really want to forget... But if i do. How will i remember you?
Loving life is excellence
I have this provocation operation (po) I've been kicking around...
sometimes I'll try to take a picture of myself and I'll be like ew. so that's why I'm single.
Every good TV actor starts in Law and Order SVU. Dwight from The Office, Phil, Claire, and Hailey from Modern Family, etc.
It is quite possibly raining cats and dogs. Or high toms and crash cymbals. Go, Mother Nature.
easy brother, elated about rangers, love them
Gonna go upstairs and get my read on. Taking a glass of water with me!
": Marvel over DC, any day." RT
we got hacked
just made a movie called depression check it out it's awesome go to my youtube channel frederickhj13
I'm sure you'll get everything straightened out. I'm looking forward to it, too. A muddy mess but oh so fun!
New York City's Coolest Interactive Agency - THANKS!!!
dang that avatar photo is DOPE!
- Huge thanks for restoring the power so quickly on Bainbridge - always appreciate light/heat in the morning.
Congrats 2 Bubba Watson on his win at the # Masters.
We're excited to have you try us out - great to meet you tonight!
I'm so happy to just be making jewelry!
Lol .. You right !! And I'm off Friday & Saturday so you can spend the night !!
don't cuss at that's to far
Fradette cost BYU the game? No. He's no their entire time, but a big part.
Do you like or dislike John Morrison?
Bad customer service is such a no-no
welcome! That place is awesome!!! Two words: chicken salad
A beautiful day today!
#TOPMUSIC Multi-platinum alternative rock band Deftones have announced a summer tour supporting System Of A Down. The two-week summer jau
#citjob is help desk (appropriate for AS-CIT pro grads & students). #dbjob is for database students. #progjob is for programming students.
I'm reminded daily that life is out of my control. Struggling to force your will on life. Leaves you angry when life doesn't go as planned.
Director Susan Anderson says people want equity. The City's job is to work w/partners to leverage our tools to make it happen.
It's so cold in Edmonton! Reminds me of when I lived in the Windy City!
we are so proud of our designers! ThankYou everyone!
All right. I have been up for 22 hours today. Bed time.
If my charm and charisma fail me, I'll turn to beer. Or I could just start with beer and phone it in.
should be great RT : Only a few more days until conf in SD! who will be there? Let's tweet up!
hey Harlan, this is actually being coded as we speak. Thanks!
thanks! Lol, u def da' man! RT “: you're twitter background is sick nasty. #youtheman”
no--missed it! :( lots of events this week/weekend = ridiculously early bedtime on Sunday.
my phone is on it's last limb
We loved him. Looking forward to hearing the new song.
at least there's an attempt
Not as fun as Cisco telling you parity errors that reset crit 6500 supervisor could have been caused by sunspots :)
Glad you enjoyed it too! RT : Wow. The Strong National Museum of Play is NOT just for kids! I needed more time!
too early to panic, but some teams should definitely be concerned
''Do you wanna have a slumber party in my scary basement.''
hurry home boss
I'm talking about fraternity and sororities.
Connect today with the person you keep thinking of....it could make their day.
Wait, what?! How is that possible?!
Sure did (:
'I hate when government programs patronize poor people.' That would happen if more restrictions on purchases through SNAP. -Craig Gundersen
Given circumstances and previous performances of this group of players, elite 8 was an achievement. Got to do better, but proud
me either...
Have you changed your mind?
. I'm currently almost done with Hold Me Closer Necromancer by Lish McBride, which is awesome. (And so is Lish McBride.)
I want a house in Cali, Aussie, Ny, and Italy. Y? Cali and Aussie beaches, Ny is the hometown, Italy is a land unknown :D
Robot Unicorn Attack!
First game at 5 TW vs MN..Battle Border at the High School level. It doesn't matter it's for bragging rights. #border battle
thanks! I came up with it during chem.
The weather in SoCal is totally bipolar!!!
I wish my dad let me go to prom..
you should meet me downtown tomorrow while at her shoot.
alright then lets go!:) do u know how to get there?:)
Had a blast earlier today at weekday morning lakefront soccer. We started in the rain, but then the sun came out. Great fun & exercise.
obvious problem of linking rights to marriage is domestic violence/ abuse - to leave the abuser is to then lose basics
to say Delaney would undo the last two days says that he knows he sounds stupid. He doesnt care as long as he has his precious
GOD FUCKING DAMMIT I'M SO SICK OF SHIT NOT WORKING CORRECTLY!
A guy would sacrifice his money for lunch just to get you a couple of roses
You're know you're a professor when Christmas music reminds you, not of loved ones or sleigh rides, but term papers and final exams.
I'll show you brave! I wont! "Re-Post" that! just typing "repost" PISSES ME OFF!!
It's a fri night CUNY library kind of night. Gotta love grad school.
Alan Kay on the structure of the liberal arts into separate departments: "That cannot possibly be a good idea."
skirts are fun. When I am not feeling good (depressed), it feels fun to dress up - even for no reason and just be pretty! :D
I gave you power - nas
How could you not like Chris Brown?
You know who Romney needs to weigh in on this whole OBL issue? Cheney. The American people freakin' love Dick Cheney!
I think we're the only people on earth that remember that show
changes/to everlasting
Searching for a reason why a single, child-less man in his 40's would drive a mini-van by choice.
Still, it has an elf-like sensibility, which immediately makes me tune out.
tell me about it.
Do you feel beamy today?
You, too! Do you guys celebrate Mother's Day in Spain? I always assume it's world-wide & that's so American-centric of me.
haha! no, someone quoted him, and I should've made an indirect quote. What poor academic integrity I have! :)
I honestly have no idea what to do with this free time...looks like spring cleaning, reading, writing, and relaxing this evening
WHO WANTS TO TALK TO ME. I'M SO UNLOVED.
Fiona Apple is trending. I will confess to owning two of her CDs. #howmuchofthatwasoutloud?
dont mess with mister booze
Great tradition @ MG Invite. Girls from host team present medals to top 6 boys finishers. Saturday the boys present medals to the girls.
We can tell you are friendly :)
“: Knick legend and 4x All-Star, Bernard King, is in the house tonight.” give him a uniform to help these team please!
I shouldn'tve given you the Geoffrey....that was a mistake.... Get him to the Greek
You need a guy who will see you wearing sweats, hair messy, and no makeup and the first thing he says is, "damn you look beautiful."
Help us trend HUSTLERS LOVE ATL?
Let's go TarHeels.(:
EVERYBODY WATCH 10 ON TOP ON MTV TOMORROW! CODY IS GOING TO BE ON IT :D
In case you missed it - we announced the winner of the Ducati at : congrats to Patrik Kiley! Thanks for participating everyone!!
I don't suffer from insanity. I enjoy every minute of it.
The better angels of our nature.
RT : I had a great time in 2010, and talk up the ASI every chance I get. Excellent theme for 2012!
hey could you follow back please?? (:
It's actually really nice to see all the members of Congress mingling and greeting each other as friends.
much better now. thx.
Oh, Sharon, you won't regret it. It's awesome...and I hear you about the landing page...but, you can do it!!!!
with Gates out do I go with McMicheal or M. Lewis
OHMYYYGGOSSH, you saw us? Hahahahaaaaa, time seems to pass by so slow :( I didn't see you!
life is what u make it when the chips are down.
I Need A Drink Right At This Moment.
Alma Media´s Interim Report for January-March 2012: Acquisitions increased revenue, digital business now accounts for ...
didn't end up going to Proof. The bday girl wanted to go somewhere near the restaurant. But I still have our pic from '09
The new site looks and "feels" fantastic! Love the new functionality.
Karl #Rove just threw $1.2 million at strong Democratic candidates in five states, his sixth multi-state ad buy.
Off to the BMV on a rainy Saturday morning. What could be better?? ;)
Gotta wake up at 445 and I can't fall back asleep
Any better luck? RT Getting there! Been lazy the last couple weeks ;)
: Digital objects in the real world-- catalysts for real conversation?: wp.me/s1AO1z-repudo And did you finish Mixed Up Files? :)
follow back lmfao
....and only the truly gifted can do all three .... :)
just bought your album from ITunes, love it. Thanks
lol AYE NOW
i wish. I think this time around its a plain lack of drive
Great job to everyone who participated in the Kemah Extreme Home Makeover - What a moving show!
Thanks for re-running the Signal interview with Mr Delirium! We're honored to have had Milton Kent & Nathan Sterner on our show!
The new Westercon.org site looks fantastic. Thanks for all the hard work.
Wow that was amazing!!!
I'm happy with the Timbers draft. A little sad to see Kenny go, but think that this is going to be a great season in PDX!
If I had that job I might start smoking too.
Come morning light, you and I'll be safe and sound <3
Smile, that's what makes you beautiful :]
As A People live tonight @ Grant and Green, SF. 10pm set.
#SCHOLAR Top Of The Morn'n G
Our Coffee Sleeve ads are distributed to these coffee shops on every hot beverage they sell.
teachers call it CHEATING we call it TEAM WORK.
We've had new users join the Foster.ly website every day since February.
#Halstead is new york #real estate softball champs!
love you beautiful! xo
I do prefer things that way - calm & cool - just makes life easier.
haha i was not bored! i texted you cuz i wanted to see you!
Thanks homie! And yes!! I have more to come!!! On my soul!!! Y'all keep gettin' it in.
Its my senior year.
The lrt is for all my "h town" ppl
Today in 1970 the first Earth Day was celebrated! Volunteer to help clean your local park!
~~Stage Freight Strategies Part 4~~ 8.Absolutely memorize your opening statement so you can recite it on autopilot if you have to.
I just shattered my iPhone screen. For probably the 15th time. Literally. Why the #€£% do I have such stupid luck like this? Uuugghhhhhhhh!
We'll get it!
Lets merge art and fashion...
I like you. Let's hang out
I been knew that, lol
Going to the 'Basketball Wives Reunion' this Saturday. This should be interesting. Let the exploitation of WOC and #ratchetness begin.
get us a #flattopfeller license plate and I will pay for your first born's wedding.
sorry...leadership. Tons of reviews in my site and on Amazon. The book title is GET IT ON!
Daylight Savings is like a step dad asking to be called dad. It'll always be an hour earlier to me!
#RT who wanna text me:)
the Chiefs will rack up plenty of wins now that half their team isn't on IR anymore. Trust.
RT A writer who waits for ideal conditions under which to work will die without putting a word on paper. E.B. WHITE
ah! Love Norman! :)
": I hate using Adderall for my exams."
Maybe can set up the trip
follow me back please?
#shoutout my brother >>> ...we shared tha same womb nd all that
a no hitter where a player on the same team hits four home runs! It could happen...
Research's answer to fulfillment is: autonomy, competence/mastery, & relatedness. ~ Jim Loehr #ASTD2012 [snds like 's DRIVE]
Kobe is such a baby
Location scout all morning. Must stretch properly as to not pull my locating muscles.
YO TELL ME WHY TWITTER IS POPPIN DOE FAV IF YOU AGREE
Goodnight Jacob . Love you ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
it's a kinda day... it's all about the C-U-N-T.
I Love my bro.
Yeah... Sigh.
RT : Day 2 - which #SMWLA panels are you headed to today??
Steelers! Let's go!
what are these weird quotes your saying ha
yaay you're back online :) i wanna give my condolence to you for the passing of your mother
Yesterday......all my troubles seemed so far away.................... Now it looks as if it's here to stay....... Oh I believe in yesterday.
Students from Westside Montessori are touring Mapping Our Tears now. They will see artifacts & learn about eyewitnesses to the holocaust.
so lame! Lol
no doubt, I truely love the love. And we gonna continue to put the "Rich" in the books! Period!
I just set my alarm for six AM, with serious plans to make cinnamon rolls for breakfast. Thanks to #ABin5, it could actually happen!
Thanks but to whom are you referring? Whose accent??
The Vow was good, not what I thought it would be but good.
u be flexxin in the XXL! Lets Work. Were I send my info
Time from a drink
since i'm on the clock i'll have to settle for a frosty
You better call Tyrone !
thank you, I feel very blessed as well, love you dear!
Sometimes I wonder, what would do? Thanks for the follow. Say hi to Joe and Jill Biden.
i runnin off no sleep
we're now following you! hows the desktop doing?
thanks for the #ff!
Brunch tomorrow 9am-2pm! Check this customer favorite out: biscuit with ham, crispy oysters, 2 fried eggs and hollandaise
Seriously... we still had Upshaw on the board? I don't get it...
I don't get out till 530-6
Thanks for jumping on! RT : listening to the Sports Bros from Murfreesboro, Tennessee
2009 Pew survey in Egypt, Jordan and Lebanon showed favorable views of Jews at 95%, 97% & 98%, respectively!
morning showers are so nice
pretty sure I never did that..no need to make things up!
what you got on the agenda?
The knicks would have been better off if carmelo would have never come back. Anyone agree?
There should also be one for #MyCrazyCat - MY crazy cat tries opening doors and has gotten pretty good at it. :)
When Chris tells you and his Mr.Bentworth idea:) 2 quads No lights And glow in the dark things #amazingidea <U+E402><U+E327>
Hoveround takes me where I wanna go.
Being a former banking institute, we have a great relationship with many of the financial institutions in downtown #Boston!
aw yea true....gotta be safe!
I'm writing a lot, so I'm on a 9am-5pm sleep schedule. And people think it would be hard to be a vampire.
tonight playing music from /crownradio
Great! Thank you!!
Do Chinese people get English sayings tattooed on their bodies?
If I'm going to sacrifice part of my hearing for the rest of my life I at least want the sound to be good. Article coming soon on subject.
Falcons bring hope to troubled Atlanta neighborhood - Washington Post
My little sister keeps saying Sheeran like Sheerman. LOL. I'd like "I DONT KNOW WHO ED SHEERMAN IS"
Had my second Lance Armstrong sighting this morning. This time...he was shirtless. *sigh* I love #Austin. ;-)
2011.06.25 #Brewers 11 #Twins 1| A beautiful night / to witness at Miller Park / Twin dismantling.
Good day :)
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 8
lol what I do
Having no internet is the devil. #THEDEVIL!!!!
Wonderful! I'm reading Taken now, enjoying it.
nice cold shower
Guess who worked until 6 tonight & hates the Fridays she has to even work until 5. >:(
nice! My new one was on sale at newbury comics haha.
“No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.”
Yup. That's my m.o
Only 10-20% chance of rain this weekend? For Music Fest? Get real - homie don't play that.
It hurts to be accused of cheating when your not doing it!
"Best adult movies from the comfort of your home"
This Weather Needs To Go The Hell Away. Too Hot.
Some people try way too hard to act cool. Smh...just be yourself dont be a follower of everybody.
"I am Dr. Perky!" -Marc Silver
The joys of letting the staff pick the music! We try to hire people with good taste.
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
Buraka was the best on Holy Ship. Can't walk coz danced so hard :). Nice meeting Burakas on the beach!
what is your strategy today in the NFL? what a day. It might be some game total plays for me
On a road to Success
Everyone says the same thing... why on earth does she think this is the easiest thing yet??
WAITING TO SEE WHAT ALL THE FUSS ABOUT PLAYSTATION PLUS HOPE ITS WORTH THE 50$
Normal dog & blind dog are wrestling. 3-legged cat enters fray. Normal dog chews on cat who then slaps blind dog. I live in weirdo world.
BLACK TEE BLACK JEANS BLACK SHOES YOU KNW THAT'S TRAP WEAR #KnwDat !!!
Nice filter ;) That's actually a great idea. What kills me is irrigation over flow
#messengers :) I love you ! Awesome job tonight and I'm gonna vote for you!!!!! :)
Dude, how do you do it? I would love to rent your brain for a few days, just to roam around in there. Or. . . gnome around.
SHUMP there it is
Sorry to interject, but didn't Nemov compete in Athens (though not AA, I believe). Remember high bar final?!
Can't wait to go home after class
Feel free to give me a shout any time. Always look forward to talking with you.
Woot! Finally got my first blog entry written & posted for
twitter isn't all that... remade mine a couple of days ago and I never know what to tweet about rofl:) share your music!
Taste of Alpharetta <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Somebody Mention Me
You'd think Boy and World would get past that awkward eyes-to-the-ground stage by now
I'm not always a fan of Dutch editorials but the ones in the first issue of look wonderful! Can't go wrong with Amsterdam <3
What should I get into tonight????
I could go for some sun right now. its cold as hell out here
yes just ordered my shirt from :D
what about irl
I want to have fun. Throw me a guy that wont judge me for the fun i take and endure the adventures.
Integrate mobile devices, apps; cultivate knowledge of semantic web, cloud computing, web 3.0 - 2 key trends for fed libs. Dessy
good afternoon! It's a beautiful day only because you're outside baby :)
: nice work on the s3saver Drupal module, thanks for sharing!
You know you play too much tennis when you practice your swing with an imaginary racquet at least 5 times an hour
Never really wanted a relationship. I wanted someone to chill with and talk to.. just someone who's there for me when I needed him
Aspern NY unit shooting...
i wanna be in a band and work with my friends and see them everyday and work with them it must be
Don't want to do algebra homework
thank you Stacey
I need a good DruMmEr already.it's been a good fifteen years (Bolt)?
Stupid shit my cousin say: is a meerkat the same thing as a lion
OMG, mind half-blown.
Hate being at home & there isn't anything to eat >_<
Damn auto correct. It's a calf's heart!
Racist intel commercial? I think so. My fellow #asian community what do y'all think?
Darren Criss = HUGE maybe...but we all know where my heart lies...
Hope to get the #MegaTweetUp on my dance card this year. Great event. Keep me posted.
thinks his neighbors are gathering pitchforks and lighting torches.
I would break a bitch back,,,
please, Serious, by the way, how old are you now?
Taking time for YOU is not something you wait for or put off. See the conseqences of doing so?!
Yesterday, my thoughts were controlling me. Today, I'm controlling my thoughts courtesy of Romans 12:2.
Im inventing a shirt with coolant to keep u cool when its hot gesh this heat is ridiculous lol
“Change is the watchword of progression” --Unknown
not too much is good? Whats wrong? & just chillin at the moment.. Tryin to see whassup with u.
Woke my mom up to flowers & a card <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
My Personal trainer just called. Bootcamp cancelled, shovel snow for your workout!
I just love how my YouTube unsubscribes to my favorite people
Oh, what slide is stolen? I wanna see!
thanks for the mention!
- just a few hours from puck drop, and, as a former North Dakotan I can proudly say, "go DU!" kick some Sioux booty!
oh u no skl & stuff 8/
Todays terrible person --> RT Obviously it sucks one of the Beastie Boys DIED, but their music SUCKED
I was haha
The classic All-in shove AQ into AK trick...well done internet poker site! FUCK OFF!
Money from strangers with the family <3
it's allowed... and certainly won't be the last or worst!
girl i'm tryna turn us into something...
Disney ICONiacz will never understand.
The street team is out in full force today!! Find them and get your free gum!!
I know. it's funny that I don't have any summer clothes either.. AH
It takes time to get to know Sj. Just give him a chance.
It's legit. RT: The Museum of Jurassic Technology
hah is that a bad thing? Peach is kind of fuzzy and nectarine has smooth skin. Either way, they're both delicious!
Talk about a long ass walk! Mission was successful though haa
Sun comes out after 3 days... I am stuck in gray office. Bo!
Thanks twitterverse for getting the word out. Amazing how many restaurants are calling US.
Cool! I put that on Pinterest a while back. It's the only place I've seen it. :) Dig that it's made it to Twitter & Facebook
no, I agree with you! I was trying subtly to deride further by adding 'impactful', which is my personal peeve.
Congrats to our friends in for being added to the lineup. America, get ready to see your new favorite band!
Brewers rebuilding talk on May 10th?One month after the opening series. Of. Depressing. Start that about June 30th.
At the florist for most of the day.
just ordered a soundgarden and mother love bone shirt, bbyz cum 2 mama
aye I'm fucked up at 6am bro.. Grand marnier shots .. What!!? We all messed up
- Good Morning ! !
Sorry for the confusion. Please send an email to and we'll opt you out right away.
Sometimes you just have to wait. Forcing it just isn't the right way to go.
did you get the new maps? I know you did lol.
Google Places allows many businesses, no matter what form, to list their establishments in a popular interface.
2. Customer Follow-up - a series of emails providing customers with useful information about your products and services
Yep! Riskin it for the biscuit! Lmao
Happy birthday
People always think I'm a few years older than I am! RT : #Libra females tend to look younger than their age.
haha love it! And it would be perfect too - he is already married so just friends is what Im better at! Hahah
Yeampierre: people who need info aren't getting it because of disparity in funding. institutions led by people of color less funding
I am going to talk to my advisor. The experience this semester was awful :(
Just English, Norwegian and some Spanish. I can also read Japanese.
My husband's response to the Lucasfilm library internship: "It's called Jedi Academy--you have to apply." (Yes, that's the plan.)
how you doing mama?
Ed Murrow: British should have created heroes out of battle for Malta as Americans created the Bataan-MacArthur legend.
Congratulations on your remission. Sounds like a real fight for you. Thanks for sharing your good news!
I deserve to be with someone who will spoil me
: Um... if there's any left, do you think you could save me a slice? Please?!
Not surprising that he's been around.
In other news, I vote affirmatively to have gas stations buy me a new car.
Butterfly Clinic this Sunday 9am @ LMU. Make sure to call the office to register 310.390.5700
Did you get my text bro?
What kind of startup do you mean?
My mom just said 'LOL'... *facepalm*.
Going to the grocery store is the worst.
Love You Like A Love Song
24 hour Birthday movie marathon underway, first showing Harold and Kumar Go To White Castle
We are delighted with the turnout here at our event!
Southern Tier Heart Walk raises $200K for research - Ithaca Journal
I would like to get rid of the porn-bots that are following me but apparently cannot. So...hello, ladies!
What is the cabbage patch?
Ball so hard
That was Brutal
My gosh. Even my mom is giving me crap for not going to work in costume today.
. Great to see you!
Not that I saw. RT : did anyone approach him?
great to see you all at the cfunk showcase last sat!
sorry the everyone's doing it argument doesn't work here.
Thank you to our registrants so far! Look forward to connecting with colleagues from St Martin's School
Home from a birthday break with the grandsons in NH. Now back to work on my novels!
I JUST GOT THAT MAGAZINE! Woah. Anyways I put up Niall. but that's just because I love Niall...and I already had Louis
From now on I will be more grateful I vow to do all that I can Blessing each night I lay down beside her For my wife I’m glad I was that man
Hanging out on McKinley Beach for
Perfect! Get's Rodgers out of the way of the jinx, and throws Megatron right in the mix.
I am trying to decide which type of beer I want to purchase.
working! How u doin bro?
A business is profitable to the degree that it provides a service or product that makes a contribution to delight in all of its forms.
Tune into this Friday morning to get creative cocktail ideas for summer entertaining from studly bartender, Gabe!
It's funny shaq said artest was doing nothing....then he came out and single handedly built momentum and a lead
m wow I actually liked it (: goodjobbb!!
I learned an important lesson tonight. God is all around us & things happen every second because of Him. Open your eyes and you will see it!
Why has Mejia's stock fallen so much? All I hear about anymore are Harvey, , & Familia. Did the surgery go poorly?
No idea. Understand staying, understand going RT Thoughts on the possibilities of Boise State, SDSU staying with MW?
That's awesome!
Okay, but I have to get up at 5. I already hate myself tomorrow morning.
#GiftsGrandmaWontWant an iPhone 4S, seeing as my grandpa doesn't even know how to email lol
prob the only english u knew at tht time
I'll make my own money and take cre of my daughter and myseld by any means necessary. My hand is never out for nothing...
Tracking drums for ... Time to punk some drums with and shaq
This a good game tho
"they're like gods" "there's only one God, and I'm pretty sure He doesn't dress like that."
his tweets had me rolling today...SO good. fuggin, pitchfork.
My sisters have been great, only... My lips have been lonely. *sighs* But...what can you do?
That's a Beautiful Sight
teachers complain that we don't go outside enough. well maybe if i want doing homework till 11 i would be able to go outside. but no i cant.
We still on for noon tomorrow? Who's all going?
#KSsynapse ~10% withdrawn posters at this meeting and that's just those known before the conf book was published. That seems high to me.
Hm, I don't have the numbers/emails with me as all the info is at my internship. Sorry, girl.
im fenna take my clothes off & let the cold air hit my body. That should make me feel a lil better...
Samples, dubstep, breakdowns, glitches, ducked synths, crazy drums, horns.
I agree same thing happens to me!?
Takeing the stage in Carrollton, GA at 7
#collegemoveout may be the most environmentally unfriendly endeavor of my life.
Are educators and counselors being prepared professionally to equip students with the tools to prepare and plan for higher edu?!
Attn Followers & #Vinyl Lovers! We have been admittedly absent lately, but have no fear! Starting Nov 1, we will be posting new records M-F!
Watching Scandal on demand! Serious and well put together
WHAT UP! Laker AND Dodger win tonight!!
Keep living with the old memories and you'll never make new ones...
i can talk about about you al day everyday thats how much i miss you
When I see a bruised apple at the market, I give it a soft hug and whisper, "Who did this to you?"
Laughter & Forgetting. Great music on a day like this. Thanks!
Anyone pick up an extra touchpad and want to sell it?
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who is SUCH a BITCH
DEY SO ARE
it's fine, I'll just be the rebel in this friendship :P haha
The only thing I want more than anything right now is my baby. I don't care about anything or anyone else. Shit day. I just want my baby...
ya let's go to jerrys
Trying to get a knot out of my back with a #maraca. Technically *not a good idea but whatever. C'mon, tasty #percussion!
RT : we had a couple for a shoot fall through today--who wants to model for us in nyc for on tuesday?
Cool, I'll check it out. I'm still kind of a new guy, so any guidance would be much appreciated.
Won 5 out of 7 dance battles. Not bad...not bad at all...
"Hello Milwaukee." Epke Udoh making an incredible first impression. Genuine.
Ill start some shit with her that day just to have some good sex that night...
The storms are comin.
think of it as curated RSS feed
#Lebanon I just received a call from #Lebanon over #3G I am impressed
Even if I was interested in Doris, I don't think the feeling would be mutual.. : )
make some more amazing music bro! #boymahomie !:)
God’s mercy is new every morning. Each day we can find a fresh place to begin. Joyce Meyer
join us for Spellbinding Sounds at St. Gregory the Great Church at 5535 N. Paulina, Chicago, IL on Sunday, November 15th, at 4:00 PM.
Any other sports topics you'd like to hear discussed on tonights podcast??? Please let us know..
it came out today
looks like old man weather is cooking up "CHILLY" again
Baking a cake for the first time in a couple months since my brother bday. Used to make them things everyday lol.
The help and Moneyball are both really good!
I'm better than what I'm receiving in life, time to make that change and grow.
Want to get emails from VIA w/ opportunities & current news?Send us an e-mail and tell us to put you on the list
happy turkey day! go pack!
This Thursday Scores Chicago hosts Disco Inferno, our summer VIP event. You can't beat a disco party. Open to public after 8pm. Please RT
Hello Fort Scott!
"Getty Kitty"? Too cute! I love it! I'll be needing a photo please.
Banned from twitter a la office, but wait, smart pbone..
you're too sweet. Thank you. :)
Wang Chung time
If Y'all Wanna Eat. A Papaya Well Don't It Has. A Bacteria IThink It's Called Salmonella
Have you ever changed a whole text message just because you didn't know how to spell one word?
yep I just follow around that is how I get down #pokers #rungood #yumyum #HEADSUPFORROLLZ #
yeah, it tastes like medicine. I wonder if that's why it's called "Dr."
Should I go to bed? Yes. Do I want to? No.
mason! Tell devin he needs to go to your show lol! Jazzy, me and her bf want to go! So devin needs to come as well lol
oh fun
As a Dallas fan, sadly, yes. Utah seems to have their number.
Oh yA
New Pandora shipment arrived recently! Stop down and check out the new pieces!
Waiting to pick up my new glasses is as good a reason as any to have gelato for lunch.
I would've smacked him with the shovel. So inappropriate!
Just checked out 's video on ws. That <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> was dope!
"If we consolidate schools, what happens to optional schools and programs?"- question from the audience.
yeah I find nothing Travis does threading or scary anymore.
i hate being left handed sometimes i swear...0__0
Why didn't anyone warn me about the #SXSW wristband tan?
im so pissed!!! why does everyone have to be on my butt!
Keep it real homie...
I'm sure a resourceful cub like you could find a use or two
I would like to record the fact that I TOLD that the roads were too flooded to drive. I was right, but did he listen???
Wish I could say 3 of us :-/ That makes 2 of us! RT : Looking forward to on today's show at 2:25
duh ;D cause im special brah.
Oh geez. such a dolt. SEEthebandSEEthebandSEEtheband!
Trick I hate yo guts.
"Contrary to what you've heard, it's not the end. It's not even the beginning of the end. In fact, it's just the beginning."
nah im good, thats not for me.... Damn I cant think of something, you got me for now
When the #Lakers get mad, they beat on people... When the #Thunder get mad, they BEAT on the Lakers
RT : I like it... The real measure of your wealth is how much you would be worth if you lost all your money. - Bernard Meltzer
Paul Allen on $300m brain research grant: "Our dream is to one day uncover the essence of what makes us human"
#RIP Whitney Houston
I will be playing there Thursday. Most likely not from the back, though. We'll have to hit sticks together sometime in the future
No, I'm just sitting here at the house, waiting for the wife to tell me it's time to go. Waaaaiiiiiitttting.
haha perfect. I will let you know once make the purchase. Yes, pink slips. Paul walker style.
art dates are the best!
Everything is where it needs to be. On track and balanced.
You can tell its the slow season for sports. Turtle from entourage is being interviewed live on ESPN.
Twitter users who want to make use of it must first register at RevTwt
Charlie!! Thanks. It was driving me crazy.
I finally finished :)
Dr. Thomas Samuelson: Trabecular microbypass surgery is an elegant, minimally invasive approach to treating OAG
HEY! Go "LIKE" us on facebook! facebook.com/missinginalaska
we need to stop being on such a bro status
it's sad, Karen Carpenter just naming foods...
Texas Family Law Tip of the Day: Some divorce decrees forbid a parent from having a lover spend the night while the children are around.
Stop in like a spy for the weekend drink: the BERRY DELIGHTFUL! Stoli Blueberi, Cranberry and a splash of a TOP SECRET INGREDIENT!
Some of my Ss use Noterize (which might be PaperPort Notes now) to mark up PDF's and type short responses.
I love you Austin Mahone!(;
I Remember I Got In A Fight At School. My Mom Showed Up And Whopped Me In The Girls Bathroom. Lol!
I'm bad sometimes...
drink 1 (or 10) for me!
Roxbury. We sisters.
An operator that will stop at nothing to get what he wants. Not a sign of strength but deep insecurity.
#WhenAustin hangs out with Alex! RT if you love !
hahaha. Katy Perry was a face hugger
Like.. all the way under the bus. Like they weren't the champs but a year ago. Chill.
Dislocated patella for Davis...for those Who don't know what a patella is, its your knee cap
hi im rachel i love ur music and my wish is 2 see1of ur concerts so if ur ever in florida plz let me kno! plz reply if u can
cool! so he's in a band? Is it popular?
Sometimes, after concerts, I want to have my camera's babies.
#bittermoment there's nothing that pisses me off more than women who don't act their age ... Señoras porfavor ..
Character is much easier kept than recovered. ~Thomas Paine
you are so sad, you can't buy a team. Don't give up your draft for one guy. Who will protect him? David Carr all over again.
Just chocked on a cheeeto
Getting excited for #thewalkingdead premier . yup.
I will not settle for the status quo. I will not make excuses. I will change my world and the only way to do it is by helping others!
I like my confidence stirred, not shaken.
Add Fairfield to the list of DI schools offering a basketball scholarship to Homestead junior Luke Worthington.
Nosezone burn. The burn caused by static when my wife and I kiss.
Great meeting the team tonight!! #OG #1%
aw dm me
I only feel truly disrespect when people treat me like a "nigga".
I hope you realize the rainbow was a joke.
Damm I think I'm crashing In class :/
I do looked possessed, sitting here in the darkest corner of my room.
Twitter....are you ever going to fix my mentions?
:(((( sorry i just smashed my finger in the car door=(((
You're most welcome. Thanks for the #ShoutOut! I hope you all have a #TerrifcTuesday!
apologies for the useless spam... I was convinced I had fixed the damn feed issue.....
Thanks for the follow, Vanessa! Hope you're having a great week!
Me:"Mom, I'm so in love with my boyfriend." Mom:"Who?" Me:"Justin Bieber." Mom:"Really? I cant wait to meet him." Me:"Me too."
Don't You Want Me Baby? If you're in the market for PR Solutions....Elton's your answer.
Curiously, she said [her husband and I] had roughly the same build. From the waist up, I imagine.
Mafiozos..hot date
The bulls right now>>>>>
in profit, or total?
More Voice Actors for #OneVoice:
Listening to "Watch the Throne" is making me feel increasingly poor.
yeah don't get it either Klout on FB app just seems to run me in circles...
.. off of djing for a year now in clubs and shows. but hopefully ill get back into. overall focusing on bringing shows......
Thanks for the recent mentions. :)
see my last few @ replies.
oops no I meant ew bahahahah
Have a blast! I'd rather have #TheYearofDamon if you ask me. Klaus can ride with Claus on Dec. 24th!
Is the petrangelo in the LA-STL game can of corn's bro or cousin?
I am so relieved that Act isn't even that hard!!!!!
spammy twitterers ruin the experience for everyone!
Oh you think I love you? you think I'm stupid? Do I look like cupid?
western is the theme of my life right now. Auditioning for a western tomorrow.
What happened Kobe???
Why do people get into my account
I don't even wanna go to bed yet, but I'll wake up with tomorrow being Friday, so it's all good. :D
Learning to Play Piano Over The Summer ? ^.^ #Yes <U+2665> I Think So. <U+263A>
i sure miss hanging out with friends! other than fashion shows, i mean just hanging out..i miss that
will be tonight,come by and check it out-along with of course!;)
Google Upsets the Ecommerce World... again. www.seobook.com/google-product-search-ecommerce-play - Just a reminder that it's Google's game
i miss you brother!
It is a scientific fact that your body will not absorb cholesterol if you take it from another person's plate. ~ Dave Barry
is the anti-elitist Romney playing well w/audiences? Seems like it requires a particular kind of disbelief suspension.
And OKC just held serve. Plenty of games left.
Do not be nervous hey he wears those cute little argyle socks and yes tomorrow is birthday
I like your tweet. Holla back and folla back!
Dad called to tell me about #PR opening at he saw on Would be amazing, I'm sure! Friends interested?
I am PR and don't cook...assumptions are made about everything...even how we look and speak.....
Great to see Olympia Snowe support healthcare reform. Now we just need a strong public option added in!
how about some playoff #Brewer Baseball tailgate recipes
Not skinny! Not pretty! Not perfect! - but has come to the conclusion.. Not bothered!!
Talking travel with the pro's -- I've got an awesome job:)
hahahahahaha god I miss you lol
I promise that once I find a good thing, I'll hold on to it. Until then, let me do me shawty
#3wordsofadvice Enjoy the moment
Meet our staff! RT : Whats going on? I need more drinks, asap.
LOVIN' the music and the sound. Brilliant.
RT : You can't spell "Sick Awesome Nasty Hail Mary" without "HAKEEM NICKS."
great! Thanks for the references!
are you listening to the one about the Rutgers guys beating up Princeton kids?
Thanks Kirsten, your work really inspired us. We look forward to showing you the product in depth!!!
Cant Sleep "/
Great afternoon :) with Maggie, Ashley, , and
the old one -_-
We hope you are enjoying this Cinco De Mayo with friends! Have a great Saturday!
want to work P N G!!! Hook me up:)
": Big News Today!!"
well since can't text me you should! and I left our numbers on the funnynotes we gave u at ur hotel!
Those are some long ass 2's JR is taking.
we nt playn dem type game my gurl dam u want me tu put ys baby daddy on his feet or sum
you go scott
hahaha I love your world
Happy New Year everybody!
I'm sure it's real tough to get around that, huh?
i'm super late on this, "The Barbarian" cut UF from his list
...now I have nothing to do
Hi Hannah. Love, Logan
You can't expect for a man to lead his woman if he have no idea what a real leader is. He will always fall short..We need God.
This dude now is officially a STALKER
I have to learn the secrets from the master
“I know what I have given you. I do not know what you have received” ~ Antonio Porchia
you look great, nice outfit!
Nope. & I have posted them on SM several times over the last couple of weeks.
Is Google Buzz the result of an all night party hosted by Google Wave in an attempt to increase its popularity by hanging out with Gmail?
wanna get all the latest news on #going green?? follow
At Mama T's with Mrs in Jasper, Indiana. Happy Valentines Day all you tweeps!
do you think you could help me by doing one of the signs? except your sign would say "Risks"
i would think is 1895
It's probably Martin....or a ghost.
Boo i love ur laugh!!!!
your welcome thanks for the retweet.
after you guys left I went back home to get Owen only to be puked on by some random in the elevator! Very exciting night!
Dear air conditioner, I love standing in front of you.
Hello everyone
How do I weigh 10lbs less than yesterday?
i wish my mom would take me to school in the morning . #ShesTooLazy so she dont .
Bye bye, Lawrence who got the closed- mouth smile, Jean-Paul & Brent with 6 kids, it was good to know ya.
If Blair starts that means the Spurs' don't care about this game, because we all know what happened when they started Tiago Splitter. LOL
I KNOW THOSE TWO SUPERSTAR ARTISTS ALREADY!!!!!!!! THE WORLD SHOULD WATCH OUT FOR THEM.
OMG. FOUR MORE FOLLOWERS TILL I GET 500. :D
Yeah, no doubt, deserves it but I bet it is a short leash. I thought he'd get traded in February.
Juan can't really articulate these questions well. He should stick to talk show punditry.
"Be still and know that I Am GOD." (Psalms 46:10)
My mom is a triceratops
i kno..but its the same 4 ya too
I cant wait 2 see how most females going 2 be dressin dis summer.
CNBC reporting that over 1500 showtimes for #TheHungerGames are already sold out. Looking forward to seeing why in an hour!
The most important part of making a successful outdoor digital advertising is its content.
Lots of laughs watching David Letterman tonight on the 30th Anniversary show!
chilling on it, sup wit u??
Director of #Production, Brian J. Averill, has been at #BlueRock for 6 months today. How time flys!
Find out for me where Big Bang's staying. Working in city this weekend. Mayhaps some opportunity!
We are so badass all of the other badasses look at us and say "Wow they are so badass".
Thanks for following
Mosquito bites . Everywhere. >.<
Just made some Nutella hot chocolate
Writing an article about my adaptable model for a game design program. Will I ever get to page 20?
phew! made it. Some things a/bHouston: it's humid, the airport is poorly laid out, the "inter-terminal car" is like a ride at Disney world.
Day needs to be over so I can watch the crush the little baby penguins tonight! Lets go etc.! ORANGE N BLACK
thanks for following!!! ;)
I need new makeup brushes
looking forward to visiting your office for a meeting with Tevon this week.
Just used my Square for the 1st time ...yeah ...I need a tutorial. Lol
when is your next get together in Massachusetts?
That would be cool. Think we're going to be disappointed tho.
We got a little video clip at www.myspace.com/theblackberries for your viewing pleasure. We aim to please...
I know what you mean....I was a little wordy : ) . Some people just don't know how to be concise.
Thank you kind sir and I hope you're doing well.
Uh, 'Student Bodies!'[Ms.VanDyke: Did you hang up? Breather: No, I just said click] My redemption:Apollo13
sweet! I was just looking for something to listen to!
I'm liking Living in Vegas so far. My family is here and it's pretty laid back!!
<U+200E>5 year olds prayer..."and Lord forgive us our trash baskets as we forgive those who put trash in our baskets."
raincheck of course. but what's going on? who's having radiation? all okay?
I want to go swimming... now! lol
#myfavoriteartist is whoever painted Sir Cadagon. That dude is funny.
Torn... Between the Knicks and the Magic!
I think I might love him again <3
#MyWeakness tomato soup
So true! : Small is beautiful for investments
Didgeridoo Boy is suspiciously checking out the entertainment wall and asking for a tape measure. And tape. Why tape?
: "snap crackle fachoooww! Pop! Rice crispies! YOLO. I got dis draankk in my cup and its berry berry punch! Oh!"
I feel like that's where All my followers live lol
Some Girls Should Eat Make Up So They Can Look Pretty On The Inside.
My Bestie hacked me and today lol
lol i already know
A big Morgan Tucker congratulations to Laura who got married on Saturday!
lol well girl get ya ass beat.
Goodnight loves
Reading... Interaction Design beyond Human Computer Interaction (sharp, Rogers, Preece)
You might want to hit to find out why.
eating a bacon and bacon sandwich! YUM!
and on Friday the day I broke it I fell it was funny but then it hurt more
haha awee movie and wine night alone next time hmu
very good... and busy :)
Heat fans are the most ignorant race on the planet
It's a windy day here in AZ. What's it like in your neck of the woods?
Had a virus on my comp today. Kept redirecting my google search clicks. Not anymore! Thanks to Spybot Search & Destroy!! :)
Awh senior farewell was good (:
Seeing my mom cry is the worst thing for me. It kills me inside </3 I pray for my mom everyday. I love my mommy <3
TGIF. KAREOKE and happy hour at my spot Air lounge 5-9pm Discounted drinks and food. www.airoakland.com
will I be seeing you tonight
exam EXAM exam ....!!!!Oops!! SO STRESS
Can we decree that any dish "Tony Style" comes with a fried egg on top?
I've been so emotionally unstable lately I don't even know..
hey pretty girl!!! Great, I finished high school!!
that's what's up
In 2011, my resolution is to get to know and engage my San Diego social network community. What is your resolution? www.steveblisslaw.com
no you don't. The middle-aged ladies in the commercial use the word "juicy" way too much.
Trying hard to prove I can fight bad head cold with dark beer. So far: 1 Mud Stout, 2 7Grain, 3 Black Butte. Winning!
We use ultra-sound daily to look at bladders and it's really good for looking at hearts.
WE love to hear you are our fan! Thansk for the kudos :-)
Gotta love when the NHL playoffs are going on and your city, a major city, won't even get the feed. They'll play sloppy ass NBA all day tho.
he's flawless picking Bayern
New soldering station acquired... Maker skill level up!
When Lose Yourself comes on the radio and you expect to hear 's version ...
We will be out from 1:00pm-4:00pm having fun spreading the word about Roderick D. Vereen for Congress 2010 Punch
“: JUST ANNOUNCED -- at on June 1st for their Farewell Tour!" EXCITED!!!
Online Surfers Wanted!
awe dats good
great to have you guys on the team!
I hate being one of many....
besides any fan that cheers for anyone but Houston is no friend of mine. LA is rubbish and so are their fans&players
Fortune favors the brave – Virgil.
Only the weak need constant n consistent validation...n Only the pety feel the need to b 'beta than'...
"Scene and Unseen" social pictorial by pops on the #ipad in the #itunes store. Free release by
thanks chris! :)
3:22 left in game: Drexel 58 Old Dominion. Dragons appear headed to tomorrow night's #CAA championship game against #VCU #GMU winner.
Thanks, from 3pm to close, come by for a free small coffee drink. Just say "Greg" at the register!!
I accidentally solved world hunger while washing my car
Fuckin kill me now
too busy with wrestling. You know it's not real right?
The only way to ROC
I think people might want their donations back after the new "We Are the World". I think I'm going to be sick. M.J. would not allow this.
Stop complaining.Bring me a bagel. Maybe you can pick one up for yourself. That will get you through the day.
hey , i know its been a couple days, but i'd just like to remind you that i hate you
Fair enough. Who am I to question...
He also has a big zit on his neck and an ugly belt and calls people "boo" I hate that I notice these things.
Cows are able to hear lower and higher frequencies better than human beings
Good night everybody and you too Gracie!
Not a fan of this. Lovely concept, but most of us have work to do.
hats off to reporter NelsonGarcia 4 tonight & his tireless work supporting public education in Colorado!
It's true.. Abs ARE made in the kitchen. Spend a little more time cooking healthy meals and you will be rewarded
lol why u say damn for hun?
Personally I know some gay couples who are more committed to each other than some straight couples. Have no problem with gay marriage at all
omg - i see chocolate yumminess!
Connected TV: It's not - 'If you build it they will come' .. it's 'If you make it easy they might try it ' ~ E.Wong,Yahoo
.RT: : how can i make my resume stand out to recruiters?
S/o for showing love when he don't need to real nigga shyt!
oh, just asking because i saw your port and I though you had been in the game for a while.
Fair point, but I'm fluent. Fire everything.
Going of new with my dad with you friends un momento al ratito vengo porque mañAna hay escuela
Love and desire are the spirit's wings to great deeds
When I became CEO I told you Apple would still take risks just as we did under Steve. So I've put all $100b on 'red'! Let it roll!
cannot attend the graduation ceremony..
Was just thinking i need to read it. RT I'll come out and say I've never seen the movie Fight Club (sue me now if you must.
One day, when I'm gone, you will realize how much I was there for you.
Win dinner for 2 at #TweetWhereYouEat while out for Include #doldc to enter.
I want to influence kids on how important education is..
When did you move to Texas?
Had fun at starbucks with and you guys are awesome!!!!!!!
I am obsessed with Honeydew Melons at the moment
I agree, it is one of the reasons I distance myself from THAT faction, it was of a certain actor...
Nothing to be suspicious about, it's me doing the hiring!
i wish Mark would let me sleep with it. LOL! It was AMAZING! RT : how'd it feel to touch Larry O'Brien? Lol
If you two are Rodgers and Brees, then Glenn Ordway is Caleb Hanie.
Oh! We were told that there is going to be a "surprise country music star" performing the night of the rodeo. No idea who though!
soon to rule the stage at The Plaza.
ROCK it! Can't wait to hear how it goes!
im def in the A
I guess the same minus the creativity. DM me your cell number I want to text you something.
I keep forgetting that school zones are enforced because kids are still in school
Four things not to "shun" for success: preparation, conservation, organization, dedication. Do you "shun" any of these?
#TheFreakiestPlaceIveHadSex the airport or mcdonalds. But everyone has sex at mcdonalds
JSU under Okojie's leadership in research brought in $70 million, more than any other HBCU in the country. (via )
Bout 2 pop out in a couple hours
OMG you're daughters are getting so big now, they look just like you..i wonder if you baby boy is gonna look like you too (:
Pandora just Rick-rolled me. I feel betrayed.
So we can't say Merry Christmas... but you want the day off? Fack it! Merry Christmas to all!
Playing so well!! #GOGOPHERS “: Goldie ”
im sorry i can't be perfect, at least i try,
#MobWives finale did not disappoint! Happy the girls made up... Well, mostly made up! Still Team & ! ;)
#ReplaceATLSongsWithSkunkHair ?! really why dont u just shut up! -___-
shoulda hit the 40's in that freestyle video.
How about that Lebron? ;) Thanks, dear ones. Gotta go get work done now. xoxo
THE BOMB DIGGITY ....> Describe #SXSW in 3 words... (other than "South By Southwest")
Dinner, mall, many laughs, & chlled. #today was a coo day for us :)
End of one period at Mariucci and no score to report. Shots are 15-7 in favor of Minnesota.
White Owl?! hehe Miss you! RT : haha nowhere too exciting. Just Logan. Mini getaway!
My 4 and 6 year olds play there (tonight). I'll be a bit late to the big -o-rama.
of course!
#ThingsIReallyCantStand are when people miss pronounce zayn harry liam louis and nialls names wrong
President Obama choppering to Clooney's house in Studio City.
Remove the allergens!
love to coach, but 7 yr old will have to wait another time for camp, we financially straped.Hoping to change these times!
Don't Fuck With Me , More Like I Don't Fuck With You
i get P.L.U.R <3333 peace,love,vanity(: #alltherage //
haha. It's not bad- there is great information! Good luck with Let us know when the site comes along!
Amazing customer service today! Miguel is fantastic! I'll be back!
Help us connect with Rhode Island #fostercare youth & alumni to empower through #entrepreneurism & self reliance
Ridiculously Hot in Chicago!
Not that it's any of yall's business but I have a parasitic twin growing out of my stomach
We're not dating, but every time someone fliets with you I want to punch them in the face.
Well *that* was a big mistake.
Then why does it take me to an Act Blue website?
Missing Paris & Brussels today. Gotta plan another trip soon!!
Is Hosting Salsa Thursday Irie! Dance lesson starts at 8pm!
Good morning :)
They have a lot of tardy whistles.
That's disgusting RT Wait. Jerry Sandusky's autobiography is called TOUCHED?
I'm glad ur super familiar with Boy Band music. ;)
Playing with Aftereffects is my new hobby... Wow, I'm real cool.
Hey, Benji! Pretty good! (Started the morning by booking myself on a Disney cruise for next year. So excited!)
I'm so glad I went, it was awesome! I think you'll really like it
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. ~ Robert Frost
I dropped a bowl of cereal on my crotch.
hahah I'll get working on my wheelchair sail then, just to be ahead of the curve.
watch out for rockets at 11pm Mohawk inside.
PF Changs and The Avengers. Happy Birthday to me!
The two hardest things to say in life are hello for the first time and goodbye for the last.
Gasp, Regina! I can't imagine you evening uttering that three letter word!
Phishing is a major problem because there really is no patch for human stupidity — Mike Danseglio
“Slow down and enjoy life. It’s not only the scenery you miss by going too fast, you also miss the sense of where you are going and why."
I'm fine now but once I actually get to my Grammy's grave I know I'm gonna lose it. Still doesn't seem real
Frank kills the buzz on these podcast sometimes :( It's not his fault, he's just trying :(
Yes, because the Ayatollah would allow them to be on drugs. Or Ahmadinejad for that matter. Look at Bahrain, end argument.
Phx win tonight??
Yeah, That's Right! I am a "Momma's Boy"...But, I am my lady's Man. That's one thing the both of them understand! Happy Mother's Day!
coming up soon! -
But to my mind, though I am native here And to the manner born, it is a custom More honoured in the breach than the observance.
my friend is in the middle of building a studio but I'm not sure when it will be finished. Kinda sucks.
Soaking in gratitude for our team. Simply the best.
follow me
I need something now!
Why the hell we lose again Miami Heat man Dwayne wade need to step his dam game up
He's gone. Enjoy what he gave us years ago.
yeah you never hit me back bro when we texted that's why it been quiet
that's great lol
#library101 the focus should be on those essays...not the tech apps.
Are Pokes fans puckered up tighter than a snare drum yet?
Life is perspective. Be positive.
oh word. yay for homosexuals but no gay shit.
Study hall. Sposed to be doing homework, but nah.
Lynn Eaton from Duke Hartman Center. Digitizing ads. View company as copyright holder (works for hire). Trademark craziness!!
Sounds like a great sports weekend!
What's the best example of an institution using digital content?
Im saying , I'd never wear A gucci belt if it wasnt real lol
thanks for the retweet re: CAPS International.
how you feel abt 'this is what we do!' now?
We'll start: Texas friendliness, unique Texas history, and rich, diverse Texas culture.
Shameless self promotion.
today's sunday :(( no !
plz follow me
Judge your worth and value by what God says about you in His Word, not by how somebody else treats you. -- Ephesians 2:4-10
: Round 2: Tuesday night we will play McKinney North at Wylie Stadium. Game is scheduled for 6:00pm. We will wear white.
Tony Allen just smashed it on jaminson. Dang
Was at today looking at shoes, salesman asked me if I needed help, I started to answer (yes) and he just walked away.
Romantic Tip #4: Keep candles in the car. Eat dinner by candlelight the next time you go to McDonalds=). Your welcome....
I've been roaming around I was looking down and all I see ....
#houstonevents Sep 23,2011: Legends of Texas featuring Trio Loco - A Tribute to ZZ Top: 7:00pm: House of Blues Houston.
funny!! But who is maj Tom???
Was accused of being a "poor public servant who doesn't care" because we charge $0.20/page for prints.
Adjusting to my temporary home in the Museum District. Forgot how nice it is to go run at Rice and take the train to go out downtown. :)
Interesting: Whole Foods ties preparing meals at home to the eat local trend in their new Valentines radio spots. Will u eat this yr?
I want pancakes with sprinkles
Lady, I GET YOU. (Plus, you listen to my garbage all the time.) xoxoxoxo
The best way to avoid being pepper sprayed is to do what the person with the pepper spray is asking you to do.
Can someone please bring me a powerade slush.... <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Can somebody lend me a quarter? I'll meet you back in this exact spot next week at the same time?
Seems like this day is lasting forever for some reason . Probably because I am sick :(
Have a happy Monday!!!
Look out for an upcoming sale that Tabandeh has to offer!
Umm... if the first two tracks are any indication, this new #Devo record is seriously gonna deliver.
Thanks. I'll try harder.
It looks delicious!!
La Vida de Cuba: via
Need to get a lot of studying in? The bookstore is a great place to study. Changing your location can boost productivity!
Google launches speak-to-tweet service with Egyptians in mind
At post office to mail out promo CDs but it doesn't open until 10! Who knew? Lol
Where did you go to college?
I was in drugs and society!
DON'T ! - love brother
Off to work and hoping you'll read School Cave, Part 2.
Thanks. I think he's kinda awesome :)
My husband is so boring to buy for! His b-day is in 2 weeks & he wants a camo pants & noise-canceling headphones. Really?!
Why put of til tomorrow what you can do today? Who has a sense of urgency? Anyone? Anyone? Bueller? Bueller?
Baking today's cookies with extra love. Have an awesome and merry day everybody!
Re: Can Geoengineering Combat Climate Change?
Great list! will also Mother's Day Brunch: 2 crepes, 1 sweet cheese pancake & 1 Assorti pancake for only $7!
Been in the office since 9am and time is flying by. I just love booking and planning parties....
oh shit! That's crazy! Haha, I always get excited when a website I built gets mentioned on Smashing Magazine.
The older you get the more real life and understanding your purpose becomes.
Good morning texts<U+2764>
hi!! Would u like some info on our food event so ur kingwood, tx store can get more customers?
You're enjoying the sale day as much as I am, huh, Bill? Well played!
RT : RT : not taking summer classes was the single best decision OF MY LIFE
Hey, how is Rome's Pizza?
so we're getting together Sat for Chelsea game? I'm so pumped for that game!
I am super tired...in need of a vacation
At least WI fell to Butler... and delighted Duke fell! Come Marquette!!
I can't believe all the drops, and turnovers. Can Aaron get 17 in 6 minutes?
Show me <3
To our outstanding faculty, I shall work for you and with you along the way.
a couple folks have said the same thing. I suppose it's not the most pleasant sounding word... But I wouldn't banish it.
All user blog feeds on Artician are now Atom by default. RSS 1.0 and 2.0 is also support and will be enabled soon.
cool It's getting there
#100minutes im so ready for #boyfriend ;P when is our wedding?;D
Yelp Deal end today! Buy $120 of credit at RCS for only $60. The credit does not expire but the offer does today!
it was our pleasure let's mob again soon! Yay for more n bettr #transit in #Maryland !
Work work work work then noise noise but i rather drink my black coffee here :}
Everybody go follow she follows back everyone! =D
Hahaha Wow I Would Hate To Have Her As A Teacher ..
The is always FREE! They've got mummies, armor, jewelry and old master paintings. And it's all right downtown.
- They did indeed! That episode would have been a lot better had The Fonz actually fell into the tank! LOL
Good goal. To tell a story in dance music the musical layers need to act as connecting threads. You just have the vocal loop.
So crazy how it turns out they're all figments of Caroline's amphetamine psychosis oh shit wait sorry (((SPOILERS)))
Game #6 in Miami with home court advantage for the #MiamiHeat! Lets tie it up in Game 6 Miami Heat!
Hi Steve, I saw your post on RockYou social gamer tips - looks great!
Actually can't believe i just fell down the stairs. I'm traumatized ._.
PLEASE, Follow Me:D
LIKE. Comps lists? (Was on mine - 18/19C Irish - too). RT: : Castle Rackrent: go.
I like how we tweet eachother instead of texting...
I hate that dumbass view behind home plate. I can't see shit.
Hello Milwaukee! Info for our Youth Football Fundraiser will be available very shortly, but save the date...July 12th, 2011!
k let me check on some dates
hit up Beasley and Hastings... Sure they'd love to play
Check it out orioles and red soxx now that's a baseball game brother
Do you need Air Conditioning Repair we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
Grateful for my publicist who LOVES The Good Dream (7/12) & is anxious to spread the word. A team who believes makes all the difference!
I know how to fix the problem-viaDUCT TAPE! That won't work.
Refacing ur kitchen/bath cabinets can give ur rooms a gorgeous look w/out spending tons of $$$...xx
I just had a telephonic meeting with Papa John's, and they agreed in principle to deliver 3 pepperoni pizzas. I call it a victory.
Action expresses priorities.
My life, my choices. My mistakes, my lessons. Not your business.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo use coupons at the dollar store..
HA! I knew you were going to say that…yes but perhaps not as purposefully as you are doing with Arabic music.
Something is awry with the twitter app on my mac… it only seems to update when I post. Feature or bug? FEATURE OR BUG?
im laughing
Happy Mothers Day to all my fellow Mommy's in twitter land!
I'm sorry that episode of cold case was sad
I can't believe this /;
no strings attached like a cordless phone.
If you have a music blog feel free to review our album. This is us giving permission, just send us a link so we can throw it up here!
#Infusion therapy #workflow should not be so difficult!
Seriously Chicago's airport is stuck in the 80s. Nowhere to charge your phone! Lol
I'm downt to help film or edit...Got all my own stuff and I've got the chops on editing too....:-)
“Living with Wearable Tech, 5 minute Ignite-style talk.” John Wayne Hill,
I will win this contest! :D
as always! The rockettops and carousel revolt were damn good as well! Sorry I missed you there, well catch each other again!
Yeah, I mapped these vs. actual abortion providers (from an anti site, then anonymized). I'll dig up a link. /cc
Hey guys! We are at a friends and woke up with Sam and Cole. Can you say awesome?!
Sisters Softball practice then idk yet :)
be more than awesome:D fantastic!!!!!!!
Y'all not even bein real wit yourselves.....jus sayin oh trayvon this and y'all don't even knw bruh....much respect 2 him and may he R.I.P
Dear Buffalo, you are the smelly, cheesy camel toe of Western New York. Your inhabitants are nothing but degenerate inbreed twats. Fuck You!
You was just waist of time .
i heard the entire east coast was hit by an earthquake............ All we can do now is pray and hope for the best..
Did the subject of the photo have nice baps?
It's Thirsty Thursday!!!!! Enjoy a Strawberry Stinky Gringo tonight to celebrate :)
Getting yanked off of a golf cart while in motion.
I'm stunned that it's news to people...
The Boston Workers Alliance is conducting a CORI sealing Day Fri March 4, 11pm to 3pm at the Dudley Lib in Roxbury. Have a CORI? Be there!
well hopfully , he realizes that he misses yuh (:
#MadeinPa expo this week! If your business touches manufacturing in Western PA check it out.
Filner doesn't have a question for the other candidates, he says. "That's for the audience."
nice tip man. I'm glad you picked up on that. Great app so far. Excited to see where it goes
MTV & Transmodern Fest Rumor is for April Fools Day!
People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves.
I wonder who's gonna win Monopoly! The rules are simple!
that's why you two sluts get along so well
I was trying, but limited to 140 chars!
Good morning everyone. Welcome back. Look on the bright side. It's Tuesday already!
I WAS CHASING DOWN THE FEELING
RT "90% of Inmates will serve sentences &be released Then what?" -- That's a good question...
#22 Bro, why would you pursue someone that wouldn't require you to get closer to God's heart to win their heart?
*pounding head on desk*
One vote for the #NBA dirtiest player…you will be surprise with the answer
I'm either a) tired b) really tired, or c) crazy. Take your pick.
Trying to save ecosystems has more to do with changing egosystems. Don Rittner
tenks Betty. And thank you for not embarrassing me.
#TwitPicYourSmile DO IT :'D
Thank you! It's an honor to be listed among such lovely ladies!
I can go on all night about those two. but I'm saving that material for my comedy tour lol
And we're off!
~you have to unlock your account & can't be private our CEO can help for free.
I think we missed the call, too. When did it go out?
Got our official company paperwork in the mail today! Lets get this party started!
Ben from LOST is sitting five feet from me. Anyone have a message for him?
I like it! Very diverse and fully bodied. Would you be interested in a #free #personaltraining session?
then wondering why your life sucks
I've got a hankering for Disaster.
hahah what'd you think?!?
Tebowmania sweeping the nation! Fox has switched a ton of cities (incl. NYC and Philly) to the Broncos-Vikings game
In Seattle one wears wintery coats , and the other doesn't. RT : Go Seahawks! (like I know a seahawk from a sea-man)
Glad you had a blast. Thanks for the pic! RT At the #parkhere pop-up , sponsored by So much fun!
we've had that for months
If your against your shit to me family included
Congratulations to you and your family! Love her name! Your children's names are all pretty cool!
I heart him more RT : I'm smuggling a knife in my checked bag for made me do it.
I need 5 guys!!!
what took u so long wtf ;)
Bro fuck it im come back tommrah bra we going 1000% bro cuz im realizing im doing shit i dnt wanna do bro #FMG im puttn all in
Dear Rondo- just because you hit jumpers late last game, that doesn't mean you can take them whenever you want now.
The Citi Marketing Panel and Case Discussion event yesterday was really interesting. Looking forward to more events like that!
After how many years, I finally cancelled my myspace account. Time to put the past to rest.
okay brb im gonna type up a Twitlonger to explain everything okay? Okay cool I <3 you guys.
never will i do that again.
aww damn it! cool zombies!! can't wait to see the game now
haha destiny made me (: I'm with her haha
riding with u most likely... What time u heading out? And what u mean "us"?
- Supt Raymond is here giving testimony on a bill Asm Dickinson is carrying; told story painting teacher in negative light.
Yay! Got some of LoMo too =)
“Nothing can bring you happiness but yourself.” Ralph Waldo Emerson
LUCKY! No more braces for you.(: too bad im still a braceface. .-.
Make Your Desktop Glow with These Wallpapers [Wallpaper Wednesday]
cum c me perform at 318 west 53 st between 8th and 9th ave at broadway comedy club on nov 18th at 700pm please come support me
That's true. The only conclusive aspect of this study is the need for more studies and research to answer the question
Dude, that's #CRAZY. So you've had the desire to run the day after a marathon as well, even tho u couldn't even walk??
Mitch Barnhart hit a home run today by signing Matthew Mitchell to a long term contract extension through 2019. He's built a solid program!
Former US Senator and Wayne Morse Chair Russ Feingold will explore the topic of corporate electioneering today at 4 p.m....
thanks liz! miss ya too!
Hm.... I think its time to release another BRAND NEW BOOTLEG!
Horrible AM. Woke up with no Was on hold for an hour with cable company. All gd now tho...I'm back rocking the quad-box.
Enjoyed a crabcake and beautiful sunset in Easton.
Humanity is acquiring all the right technology for all the wrong reasons. R. Buckminster Fuller
If you can't even graduate high school,
SEC dominance. Football - Alabama, Basketball - Kentucky!
I just picked myself a fooseball table
i told her if i change, she wont get a penny-Lil Wayne
“: Settled for the grilled cheese sandwich -- always so good and yummy!” and you didn't make me one?
why dreams are stuck on zany... ugh
yo there is no link....
i went to the circus and before the show i heard a big time rush song the song was big night i was just singing along.
Welcome back to the twitter game
#NewRulesofCivility 100. When wearing a backpack be aware that you are taking up extra space and make allowances
BBC reports from Iran that there has been NO CALL TO CANCEL TOMORROWS SEA OF GREEN PROTEST.
There will be public fourms conducted during the public education audit.
Another death has hit our family, my Uncle Charles Smith passed last night.
Prayer Whatever happens. Whatever what is is is what I want. Only that. But that. –Galway Kinnell
Dallas will go home crying tonight!
Back from Puerto Rico with my beauty pageant-quota filled, both MIss Universe PR and mIss World were held this weekend, dominating airwaves
My NYU buddy Corey always goes to that. You gotta look him up. More about that later.
story leads to movie Tales from the Darkside (1984)
AWWW SHIEEET. TIME TO MAKE SOME PLAYLISTS. i'll get the handcuffs and whips. ;)
Discussing that right now actually...
duh!!!!! i may have bought 2 just in case me and you want a pizza party before 6/30!
-Knock on heaven`s door. ^^
Will be choosing between UK, GTown, Cuse or Boyd Crowders gang.
Free lunch NOW!!!!!
If we learn to live our lives moving forward, then we won't spend so much time trying to forget the past...the past is the past...
if Flacco wasn't pissed off for greatness, Ray Lewis would be pissed off at him and then he'd be dead.
followed back
Some people should not be allowed to eat in public
USE folks who have purchased tix to promo
There are no overnight successes, just people that worked really hard behind the scenes pouring their blood, sweat and tears into an idea!
Save #money on your #emmy entries. Early deadline is a week from today
yeah I got those too
I think its funny how people come up with the strangest excuses to justify why their terrible relationship is actually normal.
I need my fan. I'm sweating like a piggy.
it's weird and confusing!
Peyton Manning soon to be released. Never thought I'd see the day.
Break a lip:) I'm on my way to Trinidad, Jamaica and Barbados to run my mouth. Spread my regards.
already seen it
As Arts & Humanities Month ends, count the Quidditch trick-or-treaters and be grateful kids still read!
Man scary as hell! Lmao
By you reading other people's life, what they do, its annoying & FB shows a different side of your loves ones!
Wow. I am DONE with theater for the semester. Almost.
First post-Fukushima legislation to emerge from U.S. Senate - bill to force taxpayers to pay for development of new nuclear reactors
Never forget your family they are there when you need them and pray for those that need to open up their hearts to them
#HoCo, Don't miss out on this deal! Half Off #Jerrys Subs & Pizza in Owen Brown. #ColumbiaMD livingsoci.al/rspTbB
Kicking the week off right with another settlement appointment!
twitter is soo boring....
Be nice for someone to own up to their mistakes..... needs to quit with the excuses.....metta too
#ObamaInHistory Henry Ford, after consulting with Obama, revolutionized the auto industry. Obama repeats history with GM a century later.
Just what the country deserves: a pampered, bullying asshole at the top.
she will be down there in DC with her phat ass 4/21!
See It BIG & Build It BIGGER!!
NPR Bestsellers: Paperback Nonfiction, Week Of May 3, 2012
": Michael is the new Omar!?! What a twist!" the wire series finale?
Circle start getting smaller<<<
I absolutely hate the fact that I could buy one of the coolest cars I've ever seen but I can't because I have nowhere to put it.
I just got the best nasty-gram ever about this conference paper. I guess I better finish it.
#NW what's love gotta do wit it # classic
it's 4:00 in the morning over here in Florida and i've stayed up all night trying to get you to notice me :/
we'll see what we got in the oven.
oh aha u live in LA
Congrats to my bro on signing with the , talented player and great bro!! Gdluck today dooober!
Nuggets have the Rockets in town tonight. I'm keeping an eye open for some tickets.
now everyone who hate danica because she can't do any stock car well people look at her now since she cable of pole win and win race so hush
Haha, I think will be up for it. If I see him, I'll let him know you and are interested. Assume you're in!
My brother quacks me up lmao -A
RT : Thanks for coming in!
online at PHL for a bit waiting for a connection, then home (man I like tethering!!)
I'd love to read but I can't seem to tear myself away from watching baseball in my underwear while eating candy.
I tagged u in it because u b lookin 4 funny shit like tht. Lol
you're not alone! no anxiety here though, just the whole up at 4am thing...
nathan when are you guys gonna announce the dates for your north America tour in August? :)
They just poured Sanford Chardonnay & Frog's Leap Merlot. Good start!
RT Blackberry & iPhone. Phat pockets! Reminds me of the 3210 & pager days. Why did I keep both!
Gym? No. Gym? Uh uh. Gym? Ehhh. Gym? No. NO. It's almost boating season... I hate you. Gym?
Waking up at 6 pm on Saturday... Story of my life?
I think I love you!!!! I'm gonna have to follow you now, Memphis rocks!!! Hate Nashville and Tennessee Vols! Tigers Rule!
I love that show. Let's do an F, Marry, Kill with the show's characters. Unfortunately one person will be left out
Just listened to that song, love it!! And I just watched the video you posted, it is so good!!!
Honey, nobody's perfect, it's okay.
well we have to make sure we pick back up!! :D
That's right and Tennessee is pretty empty when it comes to punk too.
I guess we'll just have to start using Paul Mitchell's stuff...
Good morning tweeties :)
Haha, this is exciting and brutal. Can't we just get a real hitter up?
your welcome!(:
well that's how they roll.
Having a blast at the tonight! 2 great crowds! Glad I taped!
My mom is making me take her to see the Avengers...
is rocking Irvine Improv with Dat Phan on Wed March 25th. Then Happy Hour on Thurs, let me know if you want to roll.
Thanks, my friend! I felt the advice on all fronts was evenly distributed...and the conversation wholly enjoyable.
what about me???? Im left
When the supermoon hits your eye like a big pizza pie...thats annoying...
Right, so cripple the hospitals. Sorry, nose, but the face must be spited.
enjoyed chattin' with you guys. Thanks a bunch.
u still do workouts in milwaukee or u done here?
thanks for
I wanna se that movie!who gonna go with me?
“: omg name your fans” u guise. Y'all need a name. Send ideas now.
Congrats on your CMA awards last night! Well deserved! :)
Thanks. Can you give me a shout out on the air? :)
Hard at work preparing for the Braves LIVE pregame show, which starts in less than 10 minutes on SportSouth. Tune in.
The #MotorCityStepShow would like to congratulate the men of Alpha Phi Alpha on 105 years of excellence!
We def have the Spelling Bee cast down.
im glad u had fun guys
What part of "I'm sick so I'll probably be calling you to pick me up early" do you not understand, dad?
Thinking about, "Be suspicious of what you want." rumi
Waterous: #COasset is good education policy, good workforce development policy, & good economic development policy
Former Madison Mayor Dave among those in the crowd tonight, doling out high fives and handshakes after Barrett's speech
RT : First event of the week, #socialsports - who's going?
"Slow is smooth, smooth is fast"
I need knee pads for Volley Ball, and Graduation balloon and ish.
Happy Birthday ! Hope it is #fabulous !
your book is the first physical book I have read since 2010, true story.
Hey , Hook me up w/ passes!
I will buy you another Texas Longhorn shirt when you get to Austin!!!
R.I.P Bingo. I miss you so much buddy! ='(((
Meeting wit Freedoms worship leaders 2nite... Looking forward to our meeting and what will come thru it for our church!
Thank you, what a nice compliment.
Here's something I thought I'd never say : roasted seaweed makes the best snack EVER!
Data shows that in 2010 in the EU, English was the language chosen by a majority of students.
Best thing that happened today - Lil's first time to fly a kite.
New Signature cocktails on now at Lottie's! Come in for a Luscious Lane or, perhaps, the Jalisco Flower.
hmm well congrats then for starters <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
#ICantDateSomeoneThat I cant trust.
Sad that on day of anti- #SOPA / #PIPA protests, Sup. Court issues disastrous #Golan opinion approving destruction of public domain.
heck yeah I'll be living up to my nickname highlighter
Thanks! I've got a 3-outlet, I don't think from Belkin (& I'm too lazy to go look). No USB, & sometimes I need more plugs.
Having Turner stand in the corner for two straight years when he excels with the ball in his hands is CRIMINAL!
thanks so muchh for following! (: i hope you had a fantastic day, be sure to checkout <3
yea we definitely have to drive ! I wanna see the world ! Lol have to figure out how much it will cost
Hi Bonnie, thanks for following us!
Dang I think this might be the first night in awhile I'll stay up past 1 haha
I have 900 pictures on my iPhone and I've had it for a week …
At home w/ the family watching #DWTS. We love this show & competition is fierce. Donald Driver is killing it tonight & he is my favorite.
I snoozed my alarm 10x today! What was the point of even turning it on?!
Don't ever lie or hide something from someone. It only ends up hurting them in the end.
sorry everybody idk whats wrong wit my twitter
Thanks for the s/o Dave. Have a wonderful Friday!
Yum RT : Dude, my interactions are so sexual right now
you two are on my timeline with what looks like dueling death sentences on the #RedSox #2012, it's actually funny
I'm only talking like a fool if you're a sheep that blindly follows what everybody says.
I have done NOTHING AT ALL this weekend (:
That one office gum popper who sits several feet away but whose chew sounds thrash about dead in your ear ...
I'm following you girls on instagram and I'm absolutely obsessed!
Wild Wednesday from 3:30 to 5:30. Who's the best League of Legends player in South Tucson? Here's your chance to prove that it's you!
Hey!! Hey!! U r very beautiful!! I just wanted to tell you that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764>
Damn that movie brought back so much highschool memories ..... some wild times
someday, but someday... we will have actual mass transit in LA!
Eating fresh at #Subway and hear 's Stronger. Thinking of that cool Toyota commercial with and
doesn't seems like they're been recorded. Hopefully I'm wrong.
Hilary only has one more week at SBS!!!! Make sure you call to book your last appointment with her (773) 252 - 9522
Well... I follow a few and my ex husband is Canadian.
cool, great show!!
#preach RT RT : "Mondays rule" - no one
Folks, just wondering, why is there a C Green Line stop @ Baltimore/Gay street?
So this one bitch told the teach "mr come here i wanna hug you" and my teacher goes over their and hugs her O.o tf? Whats going on?
definitely do that. And check out south Baltimore crossfit. Sean is the owner...he rocks!
it is absolutely a great day the relegation battles are the story. If only city can tighten the gap to make the top matter
Just added to the #WFX2012 ROBE lighting
Sounds good!
RT : the last one is the one that counts! <== they woulda never had a last shot if it wasn't for him tho...
Happy valentines Day 1direction hope ya had a fun day today <33333 i love ya 4 ever i will keep dreaming tell i meet ya in person ;)
I received +K about Facebook from Thanks again brother!
I've got to say.... agents know how to have a great time!!! What an AWESOME conference weekend!!
Looks like it will be a game 7 in the #Lakers vs. #Nuggets series.
best place to find a hypocrit is in church, I agree.
So next sunday I think imma go see avengers who's trynna go with
Dude It Was Awesome Talking To U On Ustream Thanks For Answering I Love Pair Of Kings
300k apps, 7 billion downloads in iTunes alone ;)
Saw the Gophers volleyball team at the MKE airport last night. Said to a group of players: "You know what Badgers love to eat? Gophers!"
A4: Look at what happened to baseball because a generation basically started playing other sports.
#FollowFriday Here are some of my favorite people to read:
Let your thoughts be Self Approved & your life will improve. Do not seek outside for what is already within you!
Hello, my name is He Who Must Not Be Named.
great meeting you at #prsaicon conference. Hope our paths cross again. Cool product/platform you have over there! :)
yeah, sweet girl, I heard you were in my room while I was out! Not cool. Definitely tomorrow. PMSSEM talk for sure!
It is one of life's bitterest truths that bedtime so often arrives just when things are really getting interesting.
good meeting w/ they running a full page ad in issue
Got some new sounds coming feeling like a kid all over again
applying for a passport
This is great : "We need /LAWYERS.TXT; robots.txt is for machines not lawyers"
Anybody else feel really unwelcome at church? #theydon'tcallitthecryroomfornothing
happy birthday
bruh i broke my nose and went to the hospital..you got iss lol
people who live in misery will do anything they can to try to bring u down spiritually follow me
and yes, we're ILTHON-ing.
hey Boo Boo! Can't wait to see u! Tell we gone all Poke It Out. "climbing on top of table"
rats: now something has gone wrong for our intended celebration. Wait...
Why do they call it "head over heels in love" if our head is always over our heels?
LOLOL okay! :P
your shoes are freaking killing me :)
Has anyone gone for it and ordered the Mark I?
I feel sorry for her man. I had to go to sleep w my ipod on in my ears! Thankfully my Kristi is a snuggly good sleeper. Miss her.
a lil? Hah jkjk :) its good, walked all around campus & now I'm eating at this steak place, still waiting on my food though -_-
Damn wine spritzer ... Who knew?! Shirt!
I"m still mess2de up. Facaaaack
Hey My love!
IS MY WHOLE LIFE AND WILL ALWAYS WILL BE
yup tell mhe y i was bout to throw ur stuff away, iprobaly come ova tmrrw if im not sick anymore
BUT I am 99.9% positive I never would have been doing the writing I'm doing now, and I love this life so much.
That's MUCH better than free ice cream :)
think Spider Man will be as Nice as Avengers?
Didn't wanna give Kendrick Lamar a chance but after today i'm officially hip.
yeah! And then graduation on Saturday. I'm glad I'm not the only one up this late studying lol
you gotta get people hype to that ray jr. m.g.k I know Video caught it the other day it was
Thanks for having me on the show !
Im at LSU for another tourney! ill be back on tuesday.
you just have to stay positive :D
The use of perfume goes back as far as the Egyptian era, where they would use perfume in religious rituals.
Ask Molly, I gave her team a few hints on some calendaring and online meetup sites that support time zones much better.
I've just realized that my pillows are not vegan.
I'll be trying these when im in town
ohmigod! So sorry about that I need to ask my friend for it! It's been too busy for me to remember anything:P
"Stop. Put your pencils down." --
RT : . beat the Phillies in the 11th with a walk-off hit by Wilson Ramos! 17-9 for the season!
is state-sponsored sexual harassment-Surely this will not stand
Last night's "Daughters of Hip Hop" showcase was CRAZY! Congrats to: $1,000 winner "Lady Karma", $500 2nd "She Real", $250 3rd "Boss China".
RT if you want to come to your hometown.(:
Aside from the necessities, the one comfort item I won't travel without is __________.
Smashing Niketown windows? Come on guys, the new Seahawk uniforms are kind of cool. Complete over-reaction.
Sweet Saddie #NP for my mama
Biggest loser- Yankees or Rangers. I know this involves Lee, but still think it is an interesting question.
i lovee " a song for mama " thats my mama ringtone , lol :) that song makes me cry !.
All you have to do is relax and feel your history, because it will never go away and there is no future without it.
On my phone I'm on twitter tweetin.. I see a buncha biscuits lookin at a nigga cheesin
So true! RT I'll bet all you people still using blackberrys and android feel like real assholes now.
How has he done in the clean up spot?
#YouWasSexyUntil i found out ur a trouble maker wit felonys...
coming back saturday! party is sunday!
Hey! Are you still interested in the production manager gig? I think you would be great for the project! AK
T3AMAV3NG3R$ flee from the norm embracing individuality as being different and weird. #TAoverEVERYTHING!
NEVER FOR GET THE PEOPLE THAT PUT U ON
Lmfao so he hangs up. *shrugs*
The perfect can be the enemy of the good. Beware paralysis by analysis.
Good point, I'm a loner - a rebel. Maybe you wouldn't understand.
We got married last night. You must be mistaking my Siwon for another. Lol (this is fun...)
“: Yes you MAY #WineWednesday ” cheers!
Still haven&#39;t watched your movie. Life has been so hectic lately. Now C has pneumonia. In a hurry for me to return it?
I have way more fun hanging out at white bars
Do he do it like me?!..
Because they're chucking paper books or because they're producing more and more?
I need to perform at the power game bro special guest !!
That man never answers his phone lmao RT : Does anyone have papo's number ?!??
show confirmed for July 19th at beauty bar Austin w/ businessman
Stay present! RT: The ability to be in the present moment is a major component of mental wellness. ~ Abraham Maslow
yeah, they are too classy for that. sounds like they stole the idea from Burnetts
Can't believe how time has flown by-! UR doing great - and plz welcome Craig K @ the c-house - he's top shelf
The 3 year old grandson just said, "Grandma, you are my best friend." Wow! It doesn't get any better than that.
What if Woodson were moved to safety?
Thin crowd today. Best to the pooch. RT : Sad to miss coworking with #nsfreelancers this morning -- had to take pooch to the vet.
THANK YOU for the amazing party - best dressed crowd in WA
RIP whitney- prayers to her family today
I wish you reminded me of this 8 weeks ago! ;)
lol I respond back to you like 98% of the time.
They understand content but don't always pick up on how the content is changed by its context.
Made me love you so much more, <3
Work as though you would live forever, and live as though you would die today!
Steak... Does a body good. Unless you`re a vampire. Then you`re really dead
stop stop stop stop stop stop stop
you get the #awesome of the day for that one.
Tired as jax.
Are you thinking what I'm thinking? We need to make a trip there on Saturday. What time are they open, I wonder?
Ain't thinking about you.
Tornado touched down in Arlington ... funnel cloud sighted just south of here at Trinity Mills and the Tollway.
Here's the biggest thing you're missing: Korean BBQ burritos
"Lack of planning on your part does not constitute an emergency on my part."
It's going to be amazing!
down and out
Had a driveway moment today while listening to Batter the Drag. Such a good band! Really made me proud to have been a part of it.
#koolin enjoying the breeze!
Get $25 off just for mentioning Promo Code #23917. You'll get $25 off any optical purchase over $50 from now til 9.17.11....some exclusions
Thanks! Submitted two sessions last night.
A little bit of jealousy in relationships is good. Its nice to know that someone is afraid of losing you:)
OMG IT WAS PERFECT <3
why lol, are you trying to get people to see it?
Damn, I wanna fuck so many of the dudes I follow.
Looking for great cheap eats tonight, check out Lime on Larimer Street for $1 tacos...get there early or call ahead
exactly! it's freaking annoying as shit! well hey did my brother text you haha
thanks a lot, I really appreciate it
I cant believe I'm rooting for the Cubs.
"Words of a poem should be glass, but glass so simple-subtle it's shape, nothing but the shape of what it holds" Robert Francis - Glass
this summer for sure.
Looking forward to tonight's #SDSOC Address by
alternative medicene natural healing: black caraway
Heightened security at #Lindbergh today (due to anniversary of Bin Laden death) not noticeable to most travellers
lolol our insiders >
Sweet! The Xavier win just gave me sole possession of the top spot in the IT bracket!
I'm taking out this time, to give you a piece of my mind.
Hi & another actress in NYC who is a huge fan of you! What is the best way to get in touch w Ryan Murphy regarding a script?
#ThingsIHate people who buy foreign cars and complain about the economy
good stuff! I plan on going there for #NewYears to visit my cousin who is a recording artist
really it isn't broken I'm so happy now! Thank you 4 telling me that!
Yeah, caught that as I was publishing, but it might be showing up still. Thanks for the catch!
These kids know this isn't a rehearsal right?
Time to run a photo booth at a wedding! Maybe I should do some hipstamatic prints on the iPhone?
Proud to be w/, Soitec, Kyocera Solar, UCSD, SDSU, & Urban Corps at SDG&E Energy Showcase. Key topics-collaboration & education.
Writing "Verified Account" in your bio....smh
Send me an e-mail with the details and we'll see what we can figure out.
still think guerra is being held to a different standard than jansen? he's getting the broxton treatment right now
Then U need to start paying me RT : needs to stop playing me.
#aimeeraupp Aimee, at what point / age in your life did you really find your rooting in confidence?
Maybe they can bunt.
Did you know that Kangaroos can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Just told that our show at WilliamPatterson Univ on Apr29 is open to non-students. Join us, you flunkies!
So...where are the gummy bears?!?!
Hi, ! Hope we can meet en persona at
I will not be happy until gets slimed! :)
a customer left us to develop his own online ordering - called me - wants to come back to us because "my new site is a freakin’ disaster"
nick luciano = gay.... When u comin home?
#ff & all of team - excited to see you tomorrow cc:
YAY!!!!! off to volleyball practice ttyl my lovelies <3 :D
I wanna swim!
Them damn crackers got me thirsty !!
I miss when we were best friends! But then drama happened and we just drifted apart...
Why do I have Trey Songz stuck in my head?
Finalizing sponsorship proposal... About to get ready for the fight, then heading to the Hudson River Café. call/text for 917.567.3803.
chase bank
Of course im callin you FIRST :-D
I love that song btw. The Bodyguard soundtrack is such a great album
Two thumbs up for this! RT Don't expect other people to make you happy. If you really want to be happy, then just be happy.
You know you've hit rock bottom when you think proudly to yourself, "I've really mastered the art of layering sweaters."
(Mistake)~~~" An Error doesn't become a Mistake until you refuse to Correct it. "~~~
All you have to do is submit a 45-60 second video telling us why you should win the
Not looking good for #norfolkstate. Down by 22 after 10 minutes in 1st.
Red rag top is still one if my favorite songs . And it's 59 yrs old
Learners need to engage with information... the conduit of that engagement is the question.
About to get after some Active Play FUNction method style with some kids here in Springfield, VA! Beautiful day outside!
#Libra is happiest working with others & often found in business with their spouses. They often need another to review the events of the day
Photographing waterfalls | Alaska Photography
you got my new number pimp call me anytime also I'm gunna be mixing tomorrow at my new spot come on down!
ay cleveland the pacers will make sure to fuck lebron up
What's going on late night people?!
I got helly moms
write a book so I can improve my game. Thanks.
I like the idea of a full year of student teaching. Would need to be paid. Once again
'Careless Whisper' is hands down the best song to have grocery store sex to.
Presenter web site is up: www.DCspectacular.com
lucky you! I only got a week off :/ ..& I know I suck!!! Lol
U thought these hands was just use for drawing.
Many thanks to and some other folk for an informative day
I would say Monday ? (: be there or be circle! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> I'm so funny
stop pretending that you actually give a shit.
follow me
Could you please please please please please please please follow me , or RT this.. Please..
finding your ex's shirt in your closet. hahahahahahahaha'
I shall no longer reread old tweets.
Anyone knows LibX 2.0 supports IE or not? Seeing links for only FF and Chrome now... : (
I just spent an hour playing with the google maps update with 3-D buildings.
man, I've been gone a month missing out on my pho-Nita. Another day of wait. :( lol
thanks alan :D
With a girl on my mind and my heart on my sleeve, remind me not to ever think of you again.
My boss caught me doodling and told me "you draw some cool shit!" lol I was ready to get fired.
I have you blocked. Can you stop? Like seriously.
Future: does expert matter? Does content matter? Long-term effect of "Wexis NextAdvance"?
Fa reel RT : Tom Barrett says we lost 24k jobs since 12.10 while Walker says we've added 33k jobs. Somebody Lyin. Terribly.
For the rest of the month we're offering FREE SHIRT DESIGN on orders! Hit us up for more details!
Wishing I could make everything better. Is there like some magic way to do that?.
Good column on "Oil Can" Boyd. Do you think there would be other black players from his era that would feel the same?
We have been upgraded to All Inclusive Cruise, Don't Miss out and book your canbin now call 305 816-2008 and use code: GloStar
“: There are three things the human brain cannot resist noticing -- They are food, attractive people and danger.” ^^ my life
Looks like I'll be spending the back half of May in Toronto. One #movie shooting, one in development with another starting as the reason.
ROC ROYALS FAVORITE MOVIE!! :D
No way. I LOVE driving round and round and round....and HI to ! Want to see you too!
#celticschat The C's gotta get some D-fence.
Hurt my knee while running today :-/
Wtf is this woman thinking i have less than seven days left in her class and she gave us hw..
On my way to school~
rad, thanks for checking us out!
At least you're loyal and dont just ships, like (Fake Met fan for Yankees)
You should be watching the Detroit State of The City.
Happy Birthday to a beautiful and inspiring sister and I hope you have a wonderful bday and many more!
I got that from
": How can you wipe away my smile when all you do is frown?"
woah serious marketing decisions! I think your co would be crazy to NOT have you as their spokesperson!
always having doubts.
Who wants to see my new car I got yesterday?? RT if you wanna see it! =D
Melissa McCarthy is wearing the mother of the bride special
You too!
that's wassup. She hasn't burned down your establishment yet.
Trevino i told you its care-uh-lee and 5 seconds later, you still call me CAR-lee
speed doesn't hurt on D?....if the bigs are back and ready before the balls across half court that doesn't hurt?...lol...uh ok
are u going to the game tonight
14 days 'till You Me At Six!
#LockItUp Jonathan Vilma drops his lawsuit & settles for what he really wanted...a bro-hug from the Commish. "Roger" that!
Happy Mother's Day Mom! Now back to bed!
Join us March 2nd for #SkiforSunshine. 8 items of non-perishable food gets you a 9a-4p lift ticket!
Hafner with a high drive to center, as he cruises in with a lead off double!
a night in my bedroom with my saxophone
is absolutely incredible
En route to Vienna and Prague to play with CPR Electrio at Roxy in Prague this Friday. Robert Glasper will be playing on the same night...
RT : Stan Heath is 2nd coach from #USF to win Coach of Year in MBB after Bobby Paschal in Sun Belt, 1990.
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
Well, the Brewers were largely awful for 40 years until they built Miller Park. A new arena and owner would go a long way.
Gametime!!! Iowa Iowa St in Ames Go Hawks!!
"Always misspell some word in your tweets. It gives #libiots a retort #teaparty #tcot #tlot #GOP #dnc" : b : )
amazing amazing! couldn't love it more...
Re: Gentler Yelp - You haven't seen my son's Facebook page!
Is that site one of your proud accomplishments? :-) If so, nicely done.
The nerves have just kicked in.... Now time to prepare some Etiquette speeches.. m perhaps tomorrow..goodnight folks! Z
You know you're scared when you're phone rings and you don't want to answer it...after watching one missed call<U+E409> blahh
you got it!
This place is starting to look like home.
Denny's yeee :p
wait Nevermind I already know
The Record Label that will someday be appreciated for it's uniqueness in a world of cookie cutter products
yea Knicks game went off we Watchin the bulls game
Sometimes we have to suffer the bogus negativity of industry politics to make sure our fans are coming first. A worth while black eye 4 sure
": dyingg to see and tonight! cannot wait #excitedtweet"
I love this! I'm going Lindsary St. Anton.
I'll be there! With bells on!
Wat it do
No Internet at new house for at least a week.
RT “Make your life a mission – not an intermission” ~ Unknown
ok needs 4 more followers to meet her goal of 2500 followers
Burger king breakfast.
I put it in all of my neighbors mailboxes :)
I have more ideas now!
yo! its Studio time, hit me up
Today could be the best&the worst day of my life. Today I have laughed till tears (best).. my mom getting angry with me. (worst).. aghh!
wats good pimp
so many good games on tonite. I'm #winning tonite.
they really are haha
“: Want to learn about Indy while biking, running, walking? Try ActiveIndy Tour's guided tours from Bicycle Garage Indy” very cool!
Just went to my kid's school carnival. I am floored by how old I feel.
you always have the best/ most helpful tweets!
HOLY, ANDY PETTITTE IS BACK
their doing a hell of a job then
Good Morning Mile HI City......GO NUGGETS....Go Rockies.......
Go on youtube and write ROBI l'amie de ma femme and enjoy
i look so good without you, got me a new hairdo, looking fresh and brand new.
I NEED to meet them. Even just a hug.
I use twitter 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it ineffective.
Come join us forThirsty Thursdays on Sideways TV
I promise to have enough fun for both of us! We are 2 1/2hrs away from and have annual passes. Hard not to go!
I knew you'd get better use out of these party pants than me!
Spring Break Over! :( Now As Long As Teacher Got A Smile On Her Face When We Walk In The Door, Ik She Ain't Gon Irritate Us .
The route is crazy crowded, and I heard tons of good cheer and "pardon me's" Milwaukeeans are the best!
#somethingIHopeForInLife - to follow me . yeah, what a great dream <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Bobby Lee spotted in BKK! MT : he said he's here doing something movie or tv related.. saved me from an annoying guy
Great meeting today with some cool guys at The New American Theatre. Very impressive. Check em out.
“: I need to send you some new chit ;)” djkonflikt at gmail dot com - radio edits for blastin masses
oo damn gona smack a bitch
ughh i hear ya, i work all day on the computer, and find myself unwinding on it. so sick of the screen
funny how real life (or work life) gets in the way of us having fun. next time. def!!!! how are you?
is anyone archiving this hashtag yet?
thanks yung yep we gotta keep grindin
I'm tired of hearing about money, money, money, I just want to play the game, drink Pepsi, wear Reebok.~Shaquille O'Neal
Thanks! I bounce around to different browsers. When one doesnt work, I move to another...Sometimes Firefox, sometimes IE. ...
Yo GBrow, we bouts ta explode yo, we so full of the low low.
What do a tick and a liberal have in common? Both are parasites and must ride on the backs of others to survive.
You DID IT!!! #Way2Go #CLIPPERS!!! RT : Much respect to Memphis and there fans ....
I won't pretend like I knew the material very well in the first place but tht was def not the practice test.
Miss you:) happy 55th! Guide me please
just a song. :) it's a little out of context.
LMAO..get over yourself PLEASE!
Thanks for adding, Microsoft, but Fuck You for taking so long. "Note: ISO date formats are new in Internet Explorer 9 standards mode."
I hate you
Sometimes good things fall apart, so better things can fall together.
PIck up our new album: Candy's .22 "A Girl and Her Gun" Available on itunes, www.la2thebay.com, & www.grimmimage.com!!! Out Now!!!
music to our ears!!! May 24th Then festival season!!! Gonna be at this year!
Crewsmas always brings great holiday cheer for the week. We can exchange FK into a different game. DM me your email addy
Why didn't you just say the Great Khali?
Happy birthday to my favorite bitch !!! Can't wait to grind all up on you tonight!! ;)
It's midnight, I'm sitting at home alone, and I just ordered a pizza. I really need to get my priorities straight.
what features would you like to see once Spark! Dating Launches? Send us a message with your thoughts.
Can. Not. Wait. To. Shred.
That's the beauty of a chip-times race. Get here when you can, your time will still be recorded accurately.
#ChicagoNonprofitContest RT : If you were a hashtag- what would you be?
OMG I HATE YOU lol jkjk love you
3pm to Xlose. Happy hour Wednesday. $2 Miller bottles, $5 TALL Captain Cocktails and $3.50 cherry bombs. Chicken wings kick butt so tasty.
USC, UCLA, Berkeley, ...maaaayyybe Yale? Or miami ad school for a certificate in Art Direction for advertising.
Wii fencing should be a sport!!! :D
Why do people want me 2 be someone im not?
I need Some Food Right Now..
How did I *not* hear about Brick Factor? My son would be so there! (Well, I'd have to drive...) Awesome!!!!
Well yeah haha. :)
Our art festival is August 20th, at Frazier (Dan Marino) Field in South Oakland from 10am to 8pm
#TheGaze by Javier A. Robayo (J_Robayo1974) has caught my attention and I can't stop #reading! If you need a #GoodRead, this is
Time to open this bottle of wine before I freak out and start crying
Bike fluids changed, clutch adjusted, gps and new tires installed. Now just 3 weeks to go. Hoka Hey on.
However, the fact that I'm wearing rainbows just makes me feel better about today :p
If this kid really wants to keep my attention he better hop on it. #oomf is ready to take his place
- I'd love to have you on my radio show to talk sports, movies, your career. U game? Plz email
To all my friends in tornado alley hope you all stay safe with the threat of storms into the early morning hours!
gives us a mini-lecture on social media!!!
And the line of the night goes to Me: It's just a game, right? Wyn: Are you even a Packers fan?
Giving is always more rewarding than receiving.
deff not! I love you to the moon & back ;)
This bieber guy has pretty decent music... I'm a fan
May your turkeys be cooked and your stuffing be hefty! Happy Thanksgiving!
I'm up. Muaahahahahahahahahahah. ;)
QT : nope//something about those corn fed all American and kinda stupid types really revs my engine.
#IfTheyShutDownTwitter i'll never see another #FunFact by :c
Could you hold that job for 8-10 years for me? Thx.
"They say success is the best revenge." No sir. Taking a baseball bat to a knee tops success.
Jesus: not just by the adults along the way, but by young children who kicked Me because they were following their parents’ example.
We Chicagoans are loving it- but its so tempting to throw our books/work/whatever we're doing inside and run in the sun!
Hey I just got your LinkedIn request - are you in San Diego right now!? Where are you working? What's new? Small world! :)
RT : if in milwaukee see a flick at the Oriental theatre. it is beautiful.
I'm. Not as cool wit these niggas as I once was.. all I got is money. This will do!
i officially have 3 phones. im cool
Great first day of #SLALeads - lots of good proposed programming! Gonna be buried in sticky notes...
First commercial after handshake is for #gillette razors. Eff you too networks of
thanks for following! :-)
Finland's the best in education too, right? Wonder if freedom of press worldwide can link to quality of edu
Education's purpose is to replace an empty mind with an open one. - Malcolm Forbes
Nobodies talk to somebodies via Great webinar with !
care to explain?
Just scheduled for his next mixtape release "Kush Casper - Love Lost" coming Feb. 20 via promo!
Does this also mean that the 5th will be really really bad?
RT Are you cooking up anything special for your #Oscars Party? Tell us about it
For my birthday buy me a small refrigerator so I can put it in my room and eat when I'm hungry and not get up -__-
you know, I might go to bed right now.
that was Boron haha funny :)
CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE CAKE!!
Saturday Market with Angela on this fine day (:
I'm still singing, twisting new melodies, breaking arrangements. Thinking about my heart, I guess you've heard, sometimes it's heavy
busted sunday million. up to 40k then i pissed it away
lol thanks, I wrote that last tweet before I saw your reply.
I hope you are doing better! Hope to see you at Rubi's on Saturday. You take care of yourself!
Today is fucked.
If you are in #sales and fear rejection, you've picked the wrong way to make a living.
Likewise! I would've said more than 'hello,' but I didn't want to interrupt.
I needed this motivation. Got some big plans for tomorrow.
Lots of folks are heading to the last Harry Potter around here, and they seem to be having so much fun that I kinda want to go too!
Expect the unexpected this year at Dungeons Of Delhi
good stuff so u sing as well?
Big day today...
I got an iPhone so I don't have bbm anymore, text me 9545123190
I feed crows and squirrels as well! You are a true sister!
looking forward to your tweets! Follow back and if you ever need our service give us a call !
If u real u real deen u don't need to say it. It's something to be great it's nothing to be famous
And of course, the day after I buy a new phone AND a cell phone plan, my old phone works perfectly.
The UD-ELI will be at the EducationUSA intl education fair in Sao Paulo Brazil today 5pm-9pm Intercontinental Hotel (Alameda Santos).
same to you!
Ha, ha! Great minds think alike! I have 2 to choose from that my brother got for me. Probably the one with the Big Three.
Have a great race tonight. Go get 'em!
Hi Dan!!! Excellent job on "Quick Pitch" last night. You should definitely give the highlights more often on "QP" in my opinion.
Good Tuesday morning! I hope everyone has a great day!
Did you know that it was U.S. President James Monroe who agreed to purchase Florida from Spain in 1819?
There is an Airplanes part 3 ? Boy am i late.
Yo Jordan on the Wizards fam... holla at me
Lol, Groupon reviews: "... the best spots to see animal residents as they come here to drink and buy Ansel Adams calendars."
Just watched my idol on Punk'd with and AND ZOE AND COURT! <3
A strong person is someone who after crying themselves to sleep at night, still wakes up with a smile on their face.
Debating if I should make a glam st pattys day outfit....
Talking w the One and Only LL Cool J Fri at the Miami Marlins game...what do YOU want to know????
So the spread is 3 points to the #Giants. I think the Giants are gonna win outright #super bowl
OMG!!!! BRA I LOVE UR TWITICON :D
140 letters, etc. or less? Seems like it could have been everything else. How 'bout 280 letters, etc., but no letter _?
wow. And people wonder why so many things happen so young. It's everywhere.....
I find myself using the word "obtuse" a lot today, and it's only 10:30 in the morning. This does not bode well for the rest of the day.
&#39;Pork holiday&#39; looms amid Customs failure to check smuggling
Happy Monday!!! rise and shine and may we all have a fantastic week!
BREAKING - TV reporting child hurt during suspicious incident linked to Parrish Medical Center, where white van with bullet holes is parked
Moms be careful when cussing out yo kids. Don't call em' son's of bitches or mother-fuckers. Happy Mother's Day.
Good Morning! It's Friday Eve!
Death free since '93
it wasn't the easiest thing to publicize in such a big way, but I know that if it helps even just one GLBT youth that is...
Time to rock this press conference out!
Following #sextech2012 tweets. Thanks to all sharing info from the conference!
I would fish more if I actually caught anything
Happy Friday! What are you doing this weekend?
im worn out
We love you guys so much:-) Keep it going!! You need to do something in Orlando soon!! I miss your guys faces:D Hahaha
Happy Friday the 13th!
chocolate chip cookies yummmyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
@ home really bored, today was awesome. wish i could have seen the person I wanted to. But there's always other days. text me :D
Just a little this and that!
PLEASE tweet or follow for her bday?
Follow my other account ---> I'll follow back
70 with a breeze. Ah, San Diego.
Don't forget the Chris Christie mall!
sound like the teacher's coming out in you.
YEAH YOU DID LOL!!!
RT best event title at MLA? Mon, 5:51 pm: Cash Bar Arranged by the Marxist Literary Group
Hey Ladies! Tonight is your night at CRISP! $1 rails and $1 refills for everyone! $8 Fishbowls! Let's make it a fun night :)
I'm in indianapolis and some douche nozzle is wearing a hat. I'm reporting him as a terrorist threat.
Lord North. Secrets. Of rule. Britannia.
no love for the rest of us?
Playin ps3 fight night round 4 manny paquicao is kickin major butt!
anytime pandabear..... That was weird, I'll cut it out now :D
i just squealed outloud cause thats just adorable .. Happy mothers day to your mommy from me<3
Well. Asa is 17 days old.. he's such a blessing
ib oral commentary around 3 . . . my ass is nervous af .
Happy <3 Day!! Hope everyone has a day filled with love & chocolate :)
gettin my new tv today so happy!
Lol RT : I have to say this bean ballet is making me feel gross.
#Seahawks just picked Wisconsin QB Russell Wilson in the 3rd round.
Hard to say b/c people came & went. Maybe 20-30?
Heard them a few yrs ago. Great! Now if I could just find that brown-haired girl from Nfld who requested "Sonny's Dream"!
Don't you lie to me.
Good morning everyone!! Know anyone having a party this weekend? I have extra spots open only $50 per hour this weekend only!
#Chillin hoping this cold goes away! Haha!
lol now treat!
jack rose's younger brother
Did you hear? Obama says Mountaineers are going to win!!
Why DJI rally at 3pm today?
RT Justin Bieber made $50 million this past year. You don't REALLY want to keep living in that sort of a world, do you?
: The GOP debates...
my thoughts exactly
There are 2 ways of spreading light, to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. --Edith Wharton
pets are the best. Hope your cuddles melt away your bad day!
Lmao yes it is , I just have to be mad all the time ;)
We are not loved because we are valued; we are valued because we are loved. William Sloan Coffin
it ain't over 'til it's over, boys
I know, but for some other people like this girl on my twitter named jen says she doesn't like the guy that she used to (cont)
It's really a Shame that more people don't know who This Good Robot is
“ "It takes courage to grow up to become who you really are" E. E. Cummings”
I'm not a radical. I am Centrist CA Republican who is sick of waste. Help the underprivileged. Help countries in need
I'm so tired =\
Woot! Time to party! What will you be doing in #Vegas? ^AP
Can't wait to see what stupid thing the campaign will come up w/tomorrow
More guitar with Tim Pierce!
The Client List is my new favorite show !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
women wanna fuck like there me and im them
it showed up
How was your opening day of spring kickball?
Love that!!
Glad to have back on the tweeter!
": she uses her bra as her purse. #SignsSheUsedToBeAPuta #LouisTetton"
Obviously spelling while on Cuba Libre and Ginger Ale is not my strong suit. "Nice to me you at Stan's".
I like it. You know what else it needs? Chuck Norris.
glad you are here!
RT for a Compliment :)
If you let go of that black bat Bochy we lose the world series
This aint my dad. This is a cellphone. Duh. #iTookIt and
What are the symptoms of H1N1? I feel like scheiße. Ugh.
Fine ... Lets tweet about the game even though i hate the sport.
No doubt. What's your guess? I'm saying 2-3 games.
Hi Tom. I'd be interested to know what led to you taking the plunge on Twitter?
run gurl show me what you working with -whispery david banner
BOTH ...and so what? Who's saying either? That's the real Question..Art is ART..it just got to be FUNKKy
Wonder if the $2B includes the rights to the alternative brand name: Lo$ Angele$ Dodger$
Preach! RT Hip hop's not dead, r&b is. Where are the r&b songs? 128 bpm doesn't count.
. getting into some Benedict Anderson here on nationhood.
Laying in bed, listening to the rain.
Awwwwweeee Man, A one point loss.
": The Lovely Bones is so freakin sad :(" and super creepy. Not letting any of my children leave the house until they are 20.
"said i got an email today; kinda thought that you forgot about me."
Are You Ready For Some Football
My little dog does it more often, so maybe? I just thought they were being picky about which color kibble they ate
We have Monday Night Football and #FoodieChat love! Tweet is for special
Twitter once featured posts from Pres should not flip to campaign #my2cents RT : Welcome to a new #Obama2012 staff
Oh ok, I see I see. Orlando is pretty nice. Disney and all that :) lol
Nap time?
Follow back please? <U+2764>
he couldn't believe how banana-y a real banana smelled. like it was too banana-y to be a banana. very post-modern situation.
I was born a sweet lil baby but them starving streets raised me up crazy
Williams comments were worse than fuzzy Zoeller's comments at Augusta, and fuzzy lost millions because of it. Williams proves he has noclass
I wonder if there's a such thing as drinking too much powerade.. ???
my daughter just turned 12 last month. Love to enact your rule! 4 was cute. 12 is stressful
in case u didn't see I posted a pic of u putting in work on +
Pens v criers at noon with $2 miller lite bottles during game. $2 ic light bottles all day long
My guy read excerpts from Steinbeck's Travels w/ Charley. Neat look @ importance of savoring local flavors, both food & dialect.
yes sir, but who are we kidding their all leaving :-)
Life and Times with Tim is amazing.
If you haven't hit yet, you need to get over there. BUSY news day including an injury to Christian & a major return plan revealed
Bout to get Blowed!!
Will the Suns want Crawford if Nash leaves?
"You know why because we can make fun out of anything, even a piece of poop"
The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision. ~ Helen Keller
Enjoying father's day with Empire Strikes Back.
Nothing better than low goal right now
RT : OUTSTANDING INFO RT : The top 10 state & local policy issues for #nonprofits via
thanks for the follow back man
The Beatles<333
On our own shit, Trends come and go but real shit never dies
I'm convinced that the bassist is the one member of a band who doesn't get laid
Adobe reels in game coders with a quick free Flash
We r gonna come out the gate smashin in 2012 First realease the Kid Bre rookie of the year 2nd Gutta men Groove The World Premier album
Lemieux was back for the beginning of the 1995 season after a leave of absence, scoring his 500th career goal in October.
Are you Going to Ustream for us ?
In Seattle, with client meetings cancelled due to snow. Are you an advertising/marketing researcher near here? Want a free meal? Hit me up.
lucky you it's 52 in Atlanta :(
yep. she's demo-ing. lol
I went to core & balance class today that Erin teaches; amazing class!! I will miss It wish there was someone who taught like that in LA
Thank _you_. It's truly our pleasure. Hope to see you in DC in December.
That's quite and arabesque!
Don't make me you number one, make me your only one <U+2665>
A hearty salute to — they share our obsession with support. Just got a reply a few minutes after I emailed them on a Sunday.
Why? You gonna buy it?
how do I use this thing?
Ask T-Mac how that worked out for him.
The gap girl huh ?
Some kind of morning
I WOULD TOTALLY GO TO A MOVIE OF GOOGLE STREET VIEW
Hey , it was great to finally meet you in person at the #168HourFilmFestival!
Who out there lives in Toronto?
Pleas excuse me I don't meant to be rude, but...
Ah, so another example of failed Logo advertising? :S
Waiting to hear which team won the #MBA Opening Residency consulting case competition this year.
im on crutches and waited for you since 9a.m and your dad said hed take mt backstage to meet you. its killed me inside.
"If people were rain, I was a drizzle and she was a hurricane."
I think that was great!
Good morning Tif! Have a great day
It's a good idea to look at your paycheck while at work rather than at the bank. This is how $650 errors are corrected.
Amen. RT : To avoid burnout, set goals, create a plan, set a schedule, stick to it.
Loving those new kits, though. #USMNT RT : Evidently, commercials > national anthems
It really does hurt God to see us worry... As the old song says "he's got the whole wide world in his hands..."
Pittsburgh Steelers 7 Washington Redskins 16 Final #steelers #redskins #nfl (Via )
Running Thru a CHECK money on my Mind....
Excitement is in the air! The building is hustling and bustling as we prepare to open the doors for our Gospel Brunch celebration!
You know what most prepared me for, and made me appealing to the hiring committee on, my tenure-track job? My #alt-ac experience.
I went to a restaurant that serves -breakfast at any time.- So I ordered French Toast during the Renaissance.
I really want one<3
5/16 the Indianapolis Assn will meet & eat & hear Dr. Ricardo Decca on “From Nanotechnology to the Cosmos: Why the Ultrasmall Matters.”
Hey u RT what up k Ruff
Agitated, but glad the weekend is finally here. Going for a longish walk
So tired of doing shit for people. I think you've forgotten that I've made sacrifices for you, so it's time you make some for me.
Why do I get staffing announcements from PR agents? Have I ever posted a staff anncmnt on AdPulp? No one has time to research, just to spam.
my> question-> What R ur thoughts abt
Spending the afternoon bonding with my fellow texans at the south Austin DMV.
#stupid #never hahah! You're so dumb! I mean what good can you guarantee mee that ima get out of doing that?
My friends post pictures all over facebook and they know I see it. I just hate it so much!
#100ozChallenge complete for the day! lots o' water, and tried GU Brew electrolyte tablets after my run. Not bad!
Ask Jordis to show you the Haka! Its pretty badass!
If there was a law requiring you be paid what you're worth, Congress would be a volunteer job.
Bad news #thursdayswithotto is off. He has the 'flu'
an you please contact me. I got a question for you about BIRDY
Life should been written in pencil, so you can go back and erase your mistakes! ;)
story will be up between 5 and 5:30 am. Definitely a talker for the and others.
Yes sir! Can you read MS Word files?
There is a time for departure even when there's no certain place to go. Tennessee Williams
We’re shopping small in the Waterloo district.Cle-related t-shirts, home décor! RT to pledge where you’ll
Deuceeessssss! *Chris voice*
ok ok I see u!
RE : You're right, the panel was awesome and I got to talk to so many great kids!! #LoveAVDs!
Geez Thom Brennaman calm down
Wow just what the Brewers don't need. Another injury. But it looks like Ramirez is OK after getting hit by a pitch.
you only live once.
School=Out=Pool=MORE TWITTER
ally, gurls, I cant even handle your talant. <U+2665> xo
hey twitter
When are you coming to Atlanta Georgia?
which of the homes is your dream home? ha
The Bears still have a clueless GM.??!!
We just left our meeting with Rep. Joe Towns Jr. He is such a strong advocate for children and their future.
#jerocholics #jericholic I am gonna be chanting y2j in extreme rules. My poster would be "I came to see Jericho".
FYI, there are identical "epinephrine in school" bills in the House & Senate. Asked to confirm which should get supported.
I have my dog in the studio for a few minutes. Hope my boss is not following me on Twitter!
me too I am a big fan #hahaha :P
MVP thanks to a half court buzzer beater shot - right?
awesome news Sarah, congratulations!
thank you! And thanks for coming out. I'll try to get another in the ship
Fave thing at IHOP. Cheesecake Pancakes! Yum!
": That awkward moment there's no tissues around so you just jizz into your boxers... #alldoneit" opps do that all the time
no, I won't have a seat.
Twitter app is always fuckin up
R.I.P. Felicia Taylor..... You'll truely be missed & never forgotton!!!
I want some Outback!
FOLLOW ME BACK:) 85
Ty Lawson and Aaron Afflalo about to put on a show!
lol why are you happy?
Why are you not attending the White House Correspondents Dinner tonight? U are way more relevant than any Kardashian.
Beautiful day! The trees are blooming, and everything is turning #green what a great time to plan begin your outdoor projects
Met so many fabulous incoming students at #LoyolaWeekend yesterday. The Class of 2016 is amazing!!!
Participate in life instead of just watching it pass. Get inspired. Take action!
Luke Kuechly Welcomee! Like the pick
Going Home .
No condiments? No way! <practice safe lunch>
Cool. If you can swing it I highly recommend it. I just signed a lease there.
No duh!
Beckham collects 3 hits as Chicago White Sox top Cleveland Indians 7-2 - Winnipeg Free Press
I wait for the #MBTA like lady mags think we wait for diamond rings. "How much longer?" [eyelash flutter/hope in heart] "Grrr!" [Hulk smash]
Birdman a perv? Gee big rumors in Denver tonight!!!
Gotta clock back in. Fuckkkk
Beware of little expenses; a small leak will sink a great ship.
I consider myself free because I can decide how I spend most of my time. Why I decide to spend so much of it working still amazes me.
ankle injury.
What? Why?
Lots of work to do this weekend, f-in taxes included. Gonna focus yo dog, duck duck duck duck loose my mind.
OPERATION REIFICATION begins tomorrow.
so you just not gonna tweet a young black man
Oh l'amour! 4 CHEAP tickets to #Erasure next Sunday night in #asheville. Flick me a message if interested.
Can't ever leave a game early This Badgers game feels like Game 4 of the '08 NLDS. Over early, but I'm still watching. ~
thanks for the
Thanks :) Have a great weekend Irene
Poolside Dive-In Movies Receive 15% off your pre dive-in movie dinner in Postcards American Bistro. Handlery Hotel & Resort (Hotel Circle)SD
apropos of nothing, think I have that pecan/brown butter wash that we tried a couple years ago licked. Trick is no lactic acid.
Lol yep, most likely.
lol now that is a super power! ;p
they got traffic control guys since most of chavez street lights were out
I'm half-expecting Wilhelm Reich to come walking in to the Brain Hacking presentation at
With the Foxboro temp range today of High 32f Low 9f that's a stretch but Brady does well in cold weather.
Kingdom Life Fellowship Church! Over 200 in attendance lives changed and all to the glory of God! Praise God for your awesomeness!!!
Injustice could be eliminated, but human clashes and natural constraints can't be eliminated.
Hello; you are very welcome and it's my pleasure; thanks man! Daryl
Sadly, i agree RT : Ouch, PK call is legit.
Zack Morris vs winner gets to take Kelly Kapowski to the prom.
I love you Always reminding me why I dance...
Hope face heals up soon, I don't like how you tried to steal the thunder from after he completely dominated you racing.
When you realize how much God loves you w/ extravagant,irresistible, unconditional love,then His love will change your entire focus on life.
yes you did
Everyone followed back. Hi there :) so many time without tweeting...it seems an eternity. What's up?! x
For a second I thought it was Thursday, then I remembered it's Friday
Don't talk about it, be about it.
*do our little dance*
I hope you alright!
what do you sell on ebay?
i prefer this to adam sandler. Im glad u r of the seinfeld camp.
Today is #WorldAIDSDay, so stop by the Student Center from 11am-1pm to learn about HIV prevention & win prizes.
Fill in the blank... 's twitter gets hacked more than __________.
Every time we bathe the boys and put clean sheets on their beds, they wet the bed that night. Grrrr...
As far as a certain specific thing..it hasnt changed at all for me in the past weeks thats crazy
Musicians who do not create a strong brand are forgotten
You can add more officers but until you fix education, poverty, parental involvement it won't go away.
We agree. Brainstorming sounds like the most interesting part too!
one of my followers... Haha
ya boa -__- ya boa
Art talked about how this was a big hit when they played London, though they recorded it 30 years prior. Punk rockers were loving it!
Wow, #Volkswagen really knows how to do Superbowl Ads. Star Wars & Dogs, that's gotta be a success.
its cool family I already know...
yeah outside of his 2009(?) AO SF, he hasn't done much. We'll see. Hope Nole takes the crown, natch
RT Character is just as important as talent in the locker room....ya heard?
Roll cake at my place afterward!
it sounds nice, but that assumes everyone you want to reach is following you
Spring Cleaning? Text You of the Day "I will clean the ______ this weekend, it will only take ______hours" then what a great relief.
Attorneys how would your income change if you could spend more time litigating and less time prospecting?
Is there still #HOPE? watch it unfold : #NC UPDATE: "Durham has finally started to come in. 15% in. 75% against."
3:00am: Time to do work!
Why, why, why am I awake this early? I stayed up far too late last night watching Sherlock, which was, unsurprisingly, AWESOME!
Love you too
is going to cover Clark and Montgomery County softball later. ... Should be a dandy!
you should stop at the salsa.
Facebook offered 1 billion by yahoo mark turned it down 15 billion by Microsoft he turned it down! His character and vision is historic..
Asshole. You're so fuck oblivious <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A>
It can be nice, but you are going to have go into LA mode, do you do yoga? I hope you dont eat meat....lol
#hikeky2012 hike #3 Raven Run: for when you're cravin fun.
So much to say! Keep watching our tweets for all the neat things that have happened in the last 24 hours! :)
or wear long sleeves all your life...
Obama has been commandering conservative terms, regardless of meaning, that get under his skin, & talking nonsense with them.":
It's pretty hard to stab with an airline spork, though. You'd need at least two sporks.
Coach Pacino also cooked a mean jambalaya.
True or False: wins the 2012 Masters?
Happy Friday!! :)
Speaking of which, do you know how the series one cliffhanger was resolved? I missed it and I doubt it was a Moriarty three-way. ;(
Happiness is a Warm Nun
nice double chip there tubby.
They released Twilight and HP dvds on Saturdays so they can do Friday midnight release sales. I'm sure the same applies for THG.
hot chocolate or hot tea?
shut up, you talkk too much!
RT Join us Thursday, May 17 at Honduras' Kitchen for our LONG BEACH FILM FESTIVAL Kick-Off Mixer - 1 year from fest
yes, I use tweetdeck on my laptop. I like it a lot.
i figured something like that lol
ha! Oh girrl.
I just discovered I can tweet with my iPhone. I downloaded the free Twitter app from the iTunes App store. I'll be tweeting more often now!
Trash Bar Tonight
Remembering all the good times we had..
My mouth had a spasm! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BD>
Haha! Hey now, you're an All-star.....
what was that stat for? Taking a jab at Cal? You forgot to mention the final fours, great work!
when did you start tweeting in english?!??!
ok. I'm getting ridiculously excited for the #bonvoyagehappyhour Thank you so much for arranging! xxooxx
Oransky. The first biopsy you get at the hospital? The Wallet biopsy.
I'm ready for the #MNF game too! I love #Packers #Vikings games! Lots of great memories thru out the years!
shut up girl ... lol
I like the new video. Its pretty good.
Zach Smith named wide receivers coach at #OhioState by Urban Meyer. Smith is Earle Bruce's grandson.
where are u?? wht u doin??? Im bored
You're welcome for the follow Look forward to tweeting with ya.
im still up lookin at Friday dis shit funny
Who's Gunna Play 21 Questions With Me (: ?
I think that I am tired of working now and I think tonight would be a good night to watch "Breakfast at Tiffany's".
LIFE: Heartbreaks + music + food + lies + fakes + sickness + fun times + sad moments + love + backstabbing. ;
Confirmed. Thai Delivery still exists on snow days. But does wine delivery?
But today, I write.
not at all, thats what a lot of us say back in Wisconsin
we should also totes go to Walmart
Silly Lexi! Was that a "literally" a la ?
16 Minutes.... *bites nails*
but he never replys:(
Mat Gamel chooses a song that screams I bail hay. That's cool, I guess.
It's crazy how wrong you can be about a person smh
u don't mean that
And you'll probably see that last tweet and hate on me too but I honestly don't care.
isn't my NEW obsession, he's my ONLY obsession. #IFreakingLoveYou <3
Visit me at goldsssss slowly dying here kids!
That awkward moment at #redbox when u're being silently rushed...
Antique - A magic word that makes something old and useless suddenly priceless.
Thanks! Glad we could help :D RT : Just left and will never shop for another toy anywhere else. Fabulous selection...
Says 15-year-old working on laptop, "that #earthquake ate my homework."
I just fell down the stairs for the third time in 10 minutes..
Because she's there when no one else is
I was only using this hotmail account for backing up some files. Good bye, Hotmail! The info they now want is unrelated to what I gave them.
- You're in NYC now!? Permanently or temporarily?
Back from a week in Hilton Head, What a long ass drive!
Good morning :3
haha. Sounds good! I'll be there most of the day if you do get out of it :)
very curious to know. Just joined b/c I realized how much I was missing, how professionally productive more communication can be
I feel so bad for her family and her , but then again Drunk driving is not something to joke about :(
Ishikawa is very impressive tonight. 2 homers so far. I think we found a new first baseman
fighting it out is just not worth my time..
Stay in touch Ben. Thx 4 all “: Internship 2011: that's a wrap! Thank you Can't say I ever felt like an intern!
Just did, my boy is texting with him now. Thank you sir...
All these ppl n I Still feel alone
someone hacked your twitter and sent messages to me.
hmm I wonder who your talking about!
Jim Neal: #dpla not just a concept now becoming a reality, acad libs need to b at the table
i love that show!
literally in two days time I've made 2 huge decisions on situations that have been up in the air for + years
Another day of nothing. Always fun.
Well: Allergies as a Blessing in Disguise
Bless you with a snow-cone as I wish you niggas to hell.
STAGE TUBE: Jaleel White Eliminated After Rumba 'Dance Duel' - Broadway World
Why do programmers always get Christmas and Halloween mixed up?Because DEC 25 = OCT 31
Current RSC proposal balances budget by dramatically <U+2191> Defense Spnding & cutting kids invstmts in child health & ed.
I haven't been on ); it sucks but I have love for basketball so you need to come watch me play <U+E404>
settle down.
that's the shit bro! Need to get me some more...
Do you have any baking buddies in Iowa to do a July wedding for my sister?
Heading to Memphis today for video shoot. Gonna torture my 70's AM Gold loving co-pilot with loads of bluegrass.
never been to a junk yard before... this should be interesting :)
The Lord Never Let's Us Down
Cuz all we see her as is a club rat
A fiction writer could mot have penned a more bitingly cliche nickname for a trader who lost billions of company money.
Finally a customer service break through after a month of trying, someone actually called me back!!
Is it normal to wonder just how several fictional characters (read: Elizabeth Bennet) might go about teaching an 8th grade class?
Bout to step my twitter game back up!
i know my cousin does it cause ha teeth r jacked up.
A 3 year old member of Mensa showed that while she may be a genius, she's still just a 3 year old
To quote Seth Godin quoting Merlin Mann, "You don't let the guy with the broom control how many elephants are in the parade." Make a hassle.
Warm tea with lemon and honey is the ages old tradition - the lemon and honey help sterilize the throat, and it has vitamin C too.
should check out ,they have a really strong message of exposing the NWO! Help get their name out!
I don't know honey boo boo child
Sounds delicious! RT : It's National Oyster Day. Who's w/me 4 happy hour 5.30-7p? $1 Chesapeake Barcat fried oysters
hey brother...just saw ur tweet. Hit me with an email and ill get back to u asap. In and out of meetings all week.
We are on a short break and will then start with application #130025 - Mary Jo Maraldo.
I'm sprung
Marcelo Caplan on Informal Science Exploration afterschool program in 9 community centers around Chicago
The #Bulls season is over. Wow.
lol...Thanks! And I know...they have beautiful rugs...
tell me u bought that!
Whos going to the chorus concert tonight at the school?
We just got back from Reckless Records here in Chicago on this
I only have to deal with your bitchy attitude for 3 more days I'll try my hardest to hold my tongue till then
You should write about us! We're working with several universities to help engage students on their online events calendar
It feels great outside.
Serge Iblockya. #thunder (See what I did there? nudge nudge)
Pool party last ROCKED! Mechical Bull today... woo hoo!!!
We're on the final few minutes with our closing band, Tribal Theory. Thanks to everyone who came out and supported the Fest today!
Sometimes you just have to step forward, and move on.. no questions, no doubts, no looking back.. Just move on.
Oomf needs to cum back home so we can smoke n talk bout what's been happening Nbs
About 15 minutes away from the luncheon and Mitchell Stephens of our host school here at
I need to wash my fro
Let's go White Sox! Are you at the game? Tried any of their new food items? Tell us about it!
Cooking dinner n baking
My band The Hot Club of Hulaville just won the Hawaii Academy of Recording Arts most prestigious Hano Hano Award for Jazz Album of the Year!
all about it right now
Finally at #lvmkt and excited to see Anthony Baratta.
Just keep telling your story... the followers will be there.
plus a little stress from school lol
that's cause you ain't looking for the ballers & we do have comic book stores they got like 5 in kenner
I thought it was Staal for the 1st pick, a unicorn & a mythical creature to be named later?
wats #FreeBandsFriday smh.......its a national holiday my #bday im giving away
LOL. Good one. Get it? Self parody.
Hey! How are you?
Glad caitlin is back !
Everybody go follow my boy he bout to drop the meanest urban magazine to hit the streets
word! Loved her outfits in pretty girl rock though!
": The average four year-old child asks over four hundred questions a day." And they wonder why I dont want a kid
Congrats, welcome to COM!
If there's ever a way I can help, I'm only a DM away.
“: no way!! I just turned 33!! Par-tayyy. Lmbo very very funny
so excited to watch perform on the vocie !!!!
hahahahahah she always talks about that damn dog. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B6>
so we are sitting here talking about the guy who did poems at your wedding. It is a very small world.
#sad indeed.
Affirmations are only as powerful as the vibration behind it. Conjure the feeling of already having your desires fulfilled...
Happy birthday to our Blast artist
Beautiful Virginia skys
Getting your heart broken feels worse than getting stabbed by a thousand knives... #</3
sure you will buddy...sure.
Loving that spread that's how you doing it
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
son word on the street is you're retiring for Brooklyn next year. Brooklyn Nets!!! Is that true?
Some people grow old, but they never fucking grow up.
Went to church, ate @ a soul food Buffett in Harlem, came up on some free cheesecake & seen
haha ap english class!
Who's ? Got all these chicks Sprung AF ,
That MVP fellow is such a great foul shooter. So clutch. (;
Getting psyched to get my quilt repairs on tmrw night, with and
TGIF! We're looking forward to the long weekend. What will you do to stay active this weekend?
yes! I was in 7th grade... I know awkward stage and all... But still.
Whoa whoa whoa - party down is no longer available via instant on ?What gives?!
I made a YouTube vid showing how I do them. Type in NaketaKiara on YouTube and you should see it on my channel.
S/O to the supporters
welcome to the future!
#in NYC Publicans and Restauranteurs, do you think our impact on policy-makers matches that of the social & fiscal revenues we provide?
My first tweet is in your honor. The old dude has arrived! Boooooyaaaaa! Now show me how to work it!
omg I can't wait to the new episode of kickin it ..!! Is going to be soo cool ..!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Getting noticed by you is just as hard as winning the lottery. Aha. Lots of love Alex:') Follow me please? Love you<3
That sounds perfectly natural to me, Ma'am. Reinforcement of a primal & emotional need. Hard for me to explain but inescapable!
About to do some inventory on children's books for 3 hours! What fun I will have... Then a mediagraphy for class due tomorrow night.
true never let a problem become an excuse ;)
i would ace it if i took it
you can't afford it
I believe it to be the most fragrant blossom of all this thorny existence
okay I will, but I have to sleep now, let's talk tomorrow :)!
however, I just tried to board the wrong plane, so...
Great stuff!
It's been an awesome, busy weekend. Milwaukee in the summer is a great place to be.
I'm driving down A1A by beach with the most fabulous Latin music blaring in my car!
is hands down the best player in the nation and she showed why she's a star last night.
A Rhianna song, then 5 seconds of her + Chris Martin, then a Coldplay song does NOT equal a groundbreaking collaborative Grammy performance.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL
Can't disagree with you.
i want me a Big Mac right now
Mac Miller makes Miltown mad.
I need to buy The Vow..
On curation to creation"Try to produce something of quality and making the content count." - Andre Wagner
thank you for the kind RTs
Yeah I'll be okay! (:
Becoming addicted to my #blog. Need to read and eat food. Hard weekend, but surviving well.
SB45 Biz Lesson # 22: Watch the replay and learn something.
I, too, am missing my dad today. He coached b-ball and fostered my love for the game. He also loved the CATS!!
Augustana and The Maine are two of my all time favorite bands and to see them together ....
yo hook it up wit some brownies.
If you want to save money traveling, why not buy from yourself? www.majkltravel.biz
Love that I don't have to watch the Super Bowl to see the spots anymore. Still hate Super Bowl spots.
I just don't understand how someone does something shitty, than acts almost like a victim and turns it all on you and your actions...
all I Need is Mary i Aint Fuckin Wit no Other Drug
about to start building up my twitter account!! let's see what i can do
NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY!!(:
Man I used to be lame lmao...*Still scrolling*
Billy, do you like gladiator movies....
IT WOULD BE NICE IF I COULD GET ON FB
I dont wanna beg or something. But I need to go to my party soon. So One of my last chances to get follows:)
Follow the amazing cause he will rock your timeline <333
Today was pretty fun. :)
Didn't realize Memoryhouse rerecorded 'heirloom' for their new LP - much prefer the version from their 2010 EP
I want more followers :(
Hanging with the god dog tonight...I love puppy snuggles
nick swisher. Speaking of swishers...what was Fox smoking putting u on twice in one day? Bad job by them
listening to music! U?
What about all the other quests in Raiba?
My fantasies keep revolving around choking on cock.
agreed! :) miss my boos
Bout to eat..!
oh cool
lol I bet but I have things to do. No rain right now, later when I'm at work lol
Thanks for the link!
Remember those posters? They ended with "The footsteps from Richmond keep getting louder"
Get your Zumba-on this Sunday with La’Tinas Dance & Fitness Studio, as part of the Maui Dance Day Preview. Presented by Hollywood Theaters.
is that your kid? He's cute as hell.
seriously lol im jammon out to faded !
Sittn on the porch with my baby <U+E404><U+E404>
I think SkyMall is my favorite magazine
Tell me why DFish is lovin this right now
UK is 17-0, ranked number 2 in the nation and are hated by every major news outlet. It's good to be back!!!
Damn I'm dumb hungry !!!
Fucking HELL oh my god I hate the orthodontist with my entire being
sure thing.
The cause of success is always in the person that succeeds.
this app cost $2 lol is it worth it?
Nothing like protesting violence with violence..
": When boys are proud to be your boyfriend. <U+2665>"
ok, time's up! wow, it's true: i can't even give it away on twitter. i'm not disappointed in myself so much as i am in all of you.
If you think God just wants you to be stronger and push through the pain I think you are missing the whole point of the Gospel.
you should smile! :D
In case you were wondering: Cream cheese does work with bacon cheddar drop biscuits just out of the oven.
RT : . championing : "The biggest problem in the academy is cowardice"
": you'll love someone who doesn't love you but ignore the person who loves you the most..."
No, he had a big owie that needed to be taken care of. The haircut was a bonus :) RT : just for a hair cut? lol
Pretty sure someone is getting pregnant at this party. Not it!
Agreed, me too!
nothing gets healed if you cover it up.
nothing I've heard from him was 'raw'
No homework on a Monday? That never happens
I overheard my 5 year old daughter telling someone that her earrings were made out of carrot gold.
nice to know another runner. have worked with rick wagner a bunch after acl surgery. great guy. very hot run on wed!!
This day has been non stop and it is still no where near over
is coming in tonight for trivia at 8pm. Get in here to show off that big ol' brain of yours!
Should I get a design for our televised game tomorrow or not?
#ArcadeNextLive Toby didn't die in 60 seconds, hmm I'm impressed
American government, please stop meddling in other peoples affairs and start taking care of our people!
LMS for a shout-out video. - (only doing it if there's going to be more than 10+ people)
Do you write about my most fave meal in the world, Chilaquiles w/ over easy huevo & flour torts, in #TacoUSA? Can't wait!
I wish all elephants were pink.
15-yr old multi-talented & multi-award winning teen prodigy & entrepreneur is the CEO/Founder of R/T
Don't forget.... We only associate with funny people.
New at 4 - teen girls posting videos online to see if they're "pretty" - what happens next is dangerous.
Hi there Mista_Montana
Well of course the #kings get it right back! If Kopitar is on the ice, watch out. Still say LA will sweep.
Busy coding; great folks out there need the best web technology around to keep their dream alive ;^)
Hope you had a Happy Cyber Monday! The Little Drummer Boy is a great one. Good choice!
Thank you Christine! Last night, during all of our bedtimes, she made a donation of $15!! That puts us at $1600!! Thanks Christine!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CUTIE.
Great lunch today!!
it is and completely fat and calorie free!! ;)
Facebook break up alot of relationships
Love the Star Man. Makes me want to chunk someone out of the ring.
21 day juice fast? Wow.
What, no way. Link!
And just like that... #Gophers take a penalty. They must not have see my last tweet.
Hard Work, Pays Off...
i guess katie
Elvis Presley performed in 837 consecutive sold out shows in Vegas.
All #socialmedia have different user bases.Know your users, where they are; target & customize your messages accordingly
Getting a Quote for merch!!!!!! we're gonna have preorders up soon hopefully. Stay posted!!! :]]]]
I don't get it...I didn't get to sleep til about 3 this morning, yet I wake up at 6 and am not half as tired as I was yesterday.
God takes things away from you, but he also replaces with blessings.. Weathering the storm to appreciate the sunny days!
OH MY GOD THE MOON!
I really hope he moves on... He doesn't need her!!!
I second that!!!
Bring it on! RT : #Ramones fans, We're premiering Joey Ramone's new track '#RockAndRoll Is the Answer" today. Stay tuned.
Let's go Bravos ::clap clap clap:: Let's go Bravos ::clap clap clap:: Let's go Bravos :: clap clap clap:::
Quote of the day: "You are always being watched. Sometimes you can tell, and sometimes it's just in your head."
still chasing Leslie Accoca?
Just wanna be done with school so I can have a bomb summer.
For christmas i want a visa giftcard, money, mac makeup (either eye shadow or lip gloss), itunes giftcards.
France has long dominated the manufacture of toilet articles, but at last she gives place to American genius in the arena of the toilet.
Really exciting research from tonight on computer-mediated communication and nonverbal immediacy.
They sure are! Let us know if you want to set up a tasting or place a bulk order :)
yeah I saw that. wth. It didn't even register as "odd" until I read your tweet. I just thought, "Oh, a blue cube. Huh."
Off to enjoy my mother's day massage paid for by my lovely husband
I'm sure they will! :)
I'm interested in you if I spend some money on u
“ #NP sooner than later - drake”
Just going up the stair for a wee snooze!
aw that's cute.
Your mistakes should be your motivation, not your excuses.
you look lonly down there...
Time to workout. Eat well and love me as God loves me. JUST AS I AM. You working out with me? Health question later today.
why u tlkn bout pple, one day we gne all beat yo Ass. U mke yo self seme perfect but no 1 is. So u must be' a noone!!!
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
Boy: Is it in? Girl: Yes. Boy: How does it feel? Girl: It hurts, But I like it Boy:Ok let's see if this shoe comes in a bigger size
You gotta grab it by the honches and hump it into submissiom
Big wheels coming to Louisville later this month!
No. No. No. No. No. No. RT : Yay! Gerrard's injured.
Thanks! Some very interesting stuff.
I missed what Pres. Grant's wife whispered 2 him after telling story about the miscarriage! She made that up 2 get votes, rt?
I don't see how anyone could hate you.
People ask,"When can I start workin with Street Beauty Entertainment?":-) :-) :-)
Cl-Opens suck
Cant wait to hear your new Christmas Album(: I bet its gonna be great!
Hate Is A Strong Word But I Really Really Really Dislike You !!!
Theses 15 hour days Suck Balls
O. Is that new?
A new friend to the studio, Elijah was just in recording some vocals, sounding good.
Adequate Monday: Looking a Day Ahead to Super Tuesday
#A1 Home run!
"I believe marriage is the union between a man and a woman. Now, for me as a Christian, it’s also a sacred union." Barack Obama, 2008.
I hung up in Emori because he kept putting me on hold !
excep me(; Me no doin it<U+2661>
Today in 1862 Gen. Hunter of the Union Army proclaimed the freedom of slaves in GA, FL & SC. Pres Lincoln promptly annulled it
All yellow-tagged clothing is 75% off today with the Manager's Special - come in and revamp your wardrobe for a song!
When you realize one of the shortest guys is only one inch shorter than you.
I think going to Carl Douglas funeral would be awesome because they'd probably play "Kung fu fighting" when they brought out the coffin
Very simply put.... U don't work U don't Eat...
No, OS X, my screen name is not 'deviatory' — but thanks for raising the notion.
"So you can go on your toes and stuff?" Yeah, it's just that easy, "going on your toes and stuff."
good question thou Haha
One more CD release show (in Duluth) to go for my album "Coyote Blues"...then it's back to the studio to record...I have a lot to do!
Sticks and stone may break my bones but our broken love an never be fixed
If you love something set it free
Time for everyone to test and buy 40 pack of condom boxes or get married.
This is the best time being home alone just get to relax
I wonder if i'm alone in really disliking the flow of text in css3 multi-columns
“: Just downloaded "Call Me Maybe" #MyLifeIsComplete #RepeatForDays” our favorite song : )
its time to step ur game up
#bringroseyback. Gotta let keep the # tho
I'm always in the mood to write when I have so much other stuff to do. Guess it's time to restructure.
Loud pack
100 Flags for 100 Years will teach girls the importance of and patriotism in properly retiring the US flag.
Happy Pi Day! We gotta know who's celebrating with pie today? Yumm
Do U have any Mixtapes to share?
- thanks for following!
I would've loved to hear that conversation. How did your appearance on Talk of the Town go in Nash? Do you have link to it?
Big #FF shout to other #movie peeps
Follow she is new to twitter!
what do people say about some of our band members haircuts? Lolol Not about image but talent. While recorded they suck.
buffalo wing sunflower seeds are amazing. <33333
we have some Prosecco in the fridge for ringing in the New Year... hooray!
So, uhm, if there's such a thing as perfect, I think I found it.
don't forget the lettuce bits. gross.
All I want to do is go to sleep and all I can do is keep watching Sean Avery on
Yoga for Athletes with Hilary (Sun. 12:00pm-2:00pm) is a great workshop for runners, cross-fitters, & more.
ABQ if ur on Eubank bw Paseo and Academy, state police r ticketing construction zone
Goal: Tweet less and do more.
“: They should have soccer matches on the infield of Nascar tracks so you can watch to boring things at once.” disagree but funny
People wanna see you do good... but not better than themselves.
Wow im watchin movie We Are Marshall was 13 when plane crashed great movie
thanks for following if u want the best scissors made hit me up my service is unmatched by anyone peace
Chorus concert at
yeah yeah yeah. I wanted to just click it, I GUESS I can go to the trouble to copy and paste.
Suns out. Time to tan.
Ok Jeff Blake is not a mark* I take that back.
It turns out that losing a project manager halfway through a project makes things very stressful.
Heard at #sfgiants game. Brewer fan to Giants fan "If you ever get to Wisconsin, be sure to go to Camp Randall for a game."
At church nd best cuz not here with me :'(
lol! Kiss my ass! I've got to get this thing to go away!
I live in the US and just purchased Issue 191. The DVD contains a link to a free typeface, Akko, but the link doesn't work.
Impact, yes, but not significantly so. We'll still have a good crowd both days.
I'm in overflow room still waiting for keynote to start!
Are they cammo? That makes it better.
I was gonna pull a double tomorrow to help a sister out when she needs it rullbad but now I'm not allowed to. So I hope the mall burns down.
Excited about my date tonight
Yeah, the kind of no collar-collar. And Peggy is from those Discover commercials. Peggy of the Bill Cosby sweaters.
you talking about what you want to do to me .....don't talk about it.... be about it...cuz you know seeing is believing
Most Psanderettes want to date Peyton. Me? I would rather be friends because friendship lasts longer. (:
I'm going to start styling myself as the King Beyond the Wall.
why does murray play penner period? or as much as he does? moller is so much better, even if he is smaller.
That is so 58 seconds ago!
I'm good. You moving to Vegas?
love 2 see you replying to all the cubs fans! Im driving from LA to see you in action vs Angels this weekend. #signmyjersey??
you should try to make it to a game in the next round of playoffs!
isn't that beyond perfect!
Lmfao, how did I not see the Driscoll trick play on Ridiculousness? This episode is old.
is a boss .
get on continue rtc!
outside doug fur with a few others
Just auditioned for playwright/author Glenn Alterman. I said, "Ey your books live in my house!" Lol. He laughed lol
Happy Mother's Day moms!!
The first rec I go with, The Brothers K, might be the best book I've ever read.
I saw Lindsay Lohan trending all of sudden and my first thought is: They sending this junkie back to jail so soon? 2nd thought was: whatever
Let's slip on out where it's a little bit darker, and when it gets a little bit hotter...We'll take it off on out in the water.
Thanks, and you too, lovely weekend!
obvv who in there right mind would want too loll
Films I'm waiting for: Skyfall, Looper, Argo, Lawless (like Hitchcock, I crave the one worders)
Yes, an unannounced fire drill, and a nice break from work
happy belated birthday!!
aww that's no good I'm sorry to hear that
2006 I knew I wanted own my own business
where at?
lmao kill an... Wow! *giggles* lool btw when are you getting yours on? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'm not a fan of the fact that I haven't seen you in FOREVER!!
109 Capper posted today all college hoops with 5 consensus from their picks with Florida & Syracuse both run aways...See ya at the window
@ the Library: the gals at the circ desk are talking about chastity belts. we never talk about anything that titillating in reference
Mushroom tip. I just got that! haha
Come dine with us on Monday 1/9 and 20% of attributed sales will go back to Hamilton Middle School!!
Are you back home?
ooh. that sounds like a good read. thanks for the rec.
That awkward moment when you realize you've been singing the words wrong to a song your whole life.
Finished the superlatives.. hardest thing I've done all year
Who knew possession of an inflatable beach ball between 11PM-8AM required a valid driver's license?
That explains a lot.
Oh ok. Well that's cool too
Going home early. Like 4 hours early. Don't feel well enough to be here
I wish I was cool enough to tweet my life:p
If you can't compete with people on their level, just change the rules. Via #womcc via
it scared me half to death!
it's now FBO!! Gtb mike =)
Waiting for forever.
We did it!
enjoy while you can. Soon your child will insist on the Proust Channel. No cartoons for you then!
Dogs, on the other hand.... “: Cats don't eat pizza. GO AWAY.”
// I love the #DosEquis guy and all, but after seeing #RG3 on #Leno last night, he just might take his job!
hope that means were going back to blue pants like in the 1970s
I need to pay better attention the Hyatt has a weight room ofcourse I didn't notice this until after 80mins on the elliptical-tomorrowfosho!
is on a mini-vacation til Monday!
I swear rain always ruins my plans :/
I've only had it for a month myself. Diigo is social bookmarking. It's great for keeping track of all my resources.
its raining. please come cuddle with me.
I know it's not 11:11 but I'm still wishing, hoping, and praying that SOMEDAY just someday you will follow us :)
Follow people with similar interests
NOW you can relax! I'm so happy for you.
hey thanks for following :) followed back, of course. xo
hah low key
I didn't know you were on Twitter :)
no :( sorry girl
just got back in town it was great to be home....It a was a blast to chill with real shouthren niggas D-U-V-A-L-
Enjoy your Labor Day weekend. Stay cool. It's hot out there!
Sometimes it's so hard to let go of a loved one that we find ways to keep them alive within us.
I check twitter couple times during day and just hate links ..just say what you mean
This is why I <U+2764> you RT : Facebook is scary when you notice the dumbest person you've ever met is now delivering babies
not you earl!
Exciting sunday plans include a trip to in search of new vacuum cleaner, any recommendations?
I lift up mine eyes unto the hills, from whence cometh my help. MY HELP COMETH FROM THE LORD, witch made heaven and earth. Pslm 121
Email: Like the National Notory Association on FB to fight breast cancer, beware 'Foreclosure Assistance' Scams & other great resources
#ilovemydadeventhough his answer to a spider in the house was spraying 1/2 bottle of toxic pest killer rather than grabbing a shoe. Really?
Hey twitter friends, do anything fun last night for halloween?
I was told by a coworker he avoided me this morning because he knew I would be disappointed by his wrinkly shirt.
How was Drake?? And, secondly, where's she going by train?
It can't be that bad. Try 4 kids, by yourself for 8 hours. The fun part is when they all start fighting. Good luck.
Salivating profusely GTS love : we've got the best selection! GTS also in stock!
I'm so hungover I could murder a large child
Happy Birthday...You were almost a patriotic baby?
yyyyyyeeeeeesssssss all in my mouth lol...the eatable ones <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
the iPhone 4. I have to tell you. It super important.
why yes I am.! 20 min an counting down to the most bad ass tv series of all time!
MandelaArt to feature Limited Edition Nelson Mandela signed artwork prints on Hautelook over Memorial Day weekend - see www.MandelaArt.com
<thanks for the FF
Still amazed even after seeing it again
If you sit x legged, left hip rooted 2 mat; reach up with your left fingers -->sky; gently tip to right how does that feel?
I love when movie ads on Youtube only shell out for 5 seconds, and you can hit "skip ad" when you know it's PG but not what movie it is XD
. . Good morning
congrats on the win !! they looked so handsomee!! :D
I feel like a lot of people on the list serve are going away from that.
Showman, I'm a better chick than you could ever be.
I'm sure It won't be the last lol. Oh and don't forget candy!!!dude now I'm hungry :/ lol
#AndersonIdolPlaylist my favorite british artist is the band one direction and my favorite song by them is "what makes you beautiful"
It's probably better not to ask. Turkey baster?
we can make up our own coachella! lets just get some candy and blast some kpop, its kpop coachella!
i like.
Nice to be at home working today...and branching out a bit with the G2
Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure. By~George Edward Woodberry
Them Asian girls on world star ain't about that life!!
Im an admin? SINCE WHEN? :) ~Jill
There is definitely a learning/teaching paradigm shift going on.
good morning Mike! Hugs and kisses!
You too! Have a wonderful day! :)
I won't ask you how you know that
The New Chrysler 300's are the shit.. I really am thinking about getting one.. But in the future.. When im balling lol
big fan of the "Artest means well" meme
also, there's a j.lindeberg party on thu night.
Its so fun being locked out of my own housee :D yipppppppyyyyyy ! NOT -.-
Gonna stop by tonight!
Catch us if you can with the hood down on this <U+2600>sunny day ! <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><U+2728><U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
“: Whoohoo!! So glad you found it!! I love this shot!” it's the coolest pic ever! Thanks!!
Leadership Quote of the Day: "Mind the details. Small leaks will sink a ship."
nope, full pours as well for as long as they last :-)
haha what u on?
WHAT a hit. Loved it!
Beautiful morning in LA, hello everyone!
I'm saying that if, you and me, had a baby together, it would be
RT Interested in (or working on) #digitalpreservation? Help get Stack Exchange Q&A for Dig. Pres. go live. Commit: http://...
libraries have my eternal love for offering a labeled MARC view.
ATTN STUDENTS! To start Winter Qtr out right, you can get the classic waffle for only $1, now until Friday at the U district location.
Watching Game of Thrones on & it's one of the best shows on TV
Miami....you better win the next game! can't let stupid Bulls win this lol
#Duke went down yesterday to a 15 seed, too bad so sad
Little Weapons is back in Los Angeles! It's about to be a weekend! Keep up with us through Twitter, FB, and Tumblr for what's next!
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
Oh my god Becky!!! The wife of POTUS deserves an Oscar for that.
Fri night, baby is down. attempting to learn Indoor Fireworks by LHC. wow he sings high.
It's okay, and thanks, I'm glad! <3
Thx! RT Thanks to for discussing my latest project. Recommend if you need clarity on vision or space.
New golf bag, and a glove.
club tomorrow ! <3 this has been the craziest week , like ever !
My boyfriend is looking good as fuck. Can't wait to get him home.
Today is Bob Marley's birthday...
I don't understand how Super Mario can smash blocks with his head but dies when he touches a turtle.
Amazing lunch with #PeterHuang. This is why I love higher education.
Want to see #KIROConnect how to communicate important info to local community
You fuckers wanna get rough? Okay, I'm reloaded.
if you love Christian Beadles then follow m for tweets& facts about Christian
Is any one up
It's too sunny today when I don't have class.. ugh
Gonna change my username
is having a fashion show at Voyeur at 10:00 pm on Tuesday night! This event is going to be huge!
we have lots of traveling to do and not plan! :)
honest mistake, lol.
4am. I'm exhausted. but I can't sleep. -__-. so I'm bugging again
Were this a movie, I'd swear the snow is dramatic foreshadowing for a shitty semester.
Welcome to everyone here for today!
dont get left behind
Some people say this is nice weather.....I would agree and add that its perfect weather for a new phone
That's why I love you
You got it bffl :)
I knew you'd appreciate that.
RT: Halfway through ! It has been such a success that we are extending it until Oct. 31!!! Book ur $50 treatments 2day!
I'll be around SCT for both of those dates. I'm not too involved with MML, but I am working FOH.
Yay I finished. Now I get to cuddle in bed and k.o lol <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
OMG, that's in the Wisconsin State Journal? Someone got paid to write that?
No mention of for Challenge Hall Of Fame?
Help us reach 500 followers & promote our fantastic services. We supply bespoke Business Telecom solutions and Great Customer Service!
James Harden 6th Man of the Year
Is Clyde a guy who can do that? Half the time Peyton looks like he wants to scream at him.
Fat Tuesday! What's for dinner? Lots of great places on Madison to choose from!
one day I'm gonna go on tour
RT : When the American Community Survey is outlawed, only outlaws will have county-level population migration data
Perhaps shockey went to great lengths to fabricate the text! Photoshop whiz. And no punish for sapp I'm sure. People like him on nfln.
your San Diego weather report (80+) is making it easier to leave Minnesota. Thanks!
Enjoyed the #Unsung - Ray Parker Jr. screening in Hollywood a few nights ago. Ray is an incredibly talented musician, songwriter & singer.
Come out to Jack's tonight! 9p We're playing with Bronze Whaler, Consider the Source, and $8cover, (2950 Th.Oaks)
are you on Facebook
Why there always gotta be some shit going down outside when I'm trying to get home? Can Mr Pres just wait until 6:05 to blow through FWest?
High-tech tomatoes. Mysterious milk. Supersquash. Are we supposed to eat this stuff? Or is it going to eat us?
"Bear in Underwear" by Todd Goldman was #1 childrens title in Target last week! Congrats Todd! We <3 Bear
The text I just got... fucking jesus christ
awee thanks, I took a look at the inboxes when I got home, tomorrow should be fffaaaannntttaasssticcc!
Exhausted by the mental strain
Aweh I loved that one too (: and really ? That is weird (:
Now welcoming any Vancouver restaurant recommendations from the Twitter Foodiesphere! Let me know if there's any place I can't miss!
hello Lorena!Thanks for the follow!
Wandering blindly around some weird pool in my glasses basketball shorts and a swimsuit
where's my invite....smdh
thank u and I hope so as well
RT : If you're going to have siren noises in your songs then they shouldn't be allowed to play on the radio
Nice evening and good conversations at Morgenthaler's annual Schmoozapalooza. Now the red-eye to NYC.
Thx for taking time to follow! Let me know if you think we could work together~
Food Diary: Tuna Salad w/olive oil mayo, whole grain crackers, and an apple. Will be hungry soon, but it's ok to eat often.
Q2 Point is, it's all about the patron base (current and future) and their needs. -
awesome!! Same for me! Do you like Racing games? :D
I love being part of a greyhound rescue I love to help them in everyway.
So excited for your book club!
what happened ? /:
Whats up lil birdies!!! Have u voted for our salon yet? go to Thanks u guys all rock!!!!!!!!
m call or text me tomorrow
lmao!! I know she loves the camera!!
#happybirthdayjboogz trend already I'm getting introuble because of you
I like how instead of having the walls covered with charts, the Falcons war room just all have laptops and not much else
Pie is exhausting, y'all.
This lady Roseanne Muller is here at Chamber Music Roundup from San Antonio! We used to play at UIW together!!
has the most beautiful voice ever. I love his music. ~ xo till we od
Its takes a lot of courage for a girl to say I love you <3 But well here goes I love you.
Nice! Who do you currently use?
After about a month of quitting the pain medicine I looked back at the weeks past- amazed. No pain! No nothing! Continued next tweet
do not want to be studying for this ...
I vote for putting Twitter handles on ISTE badges next year.
It was great seeing you at the Promenade today!
word that's was up, what's next on the line up for you?
Maybe since I'm so unprepared I'll get a 100
oh. oh my god. I've never seen this. THANK YOU!
Lol! I can't imagine how different that seems to you right now. :)
Steve McQueen's wife is introducing the movie!
nigga I wish me an my girl tryna get a house bro im lookin fa extra work rite now bro lbs
Seeing my best friends in the whole world tomorrow
Unfortunately not...Hahahahaha I know, the name is misleading
Thanks! At first I wasn't so sure, but it's growing on me.
neophyte question (or I'm feeling a bit old-fashioned today): if using live actors anyway, why the need for virtual characters?
painting the guns, painting the guns, for the bank robbery. cuz we go in with our plastic guns and the cops will shoot us in our face...
Risk-ratio measures return on wager vs probability of outcome.
Awww the dinner party :) everyone getting together
louis..the same crew as those milwaukee brewers
Haha! Indeed that may be true!!! I did say it was a small but vocal fan club.
Rosemary Thyme is on the pod warmer today at work.....my mom says it smells like soap.
So, had a pretty busy day at the office planned until I ended up in the hospital this morning. Appendix surgery in an hour.
I think nicks dead...
Possibly the best part of buying a car at nissan s. hills: going to while it's serviced.
there ya go!
want me to tell him for you ? (:
Thank you!
Don't understand Mike? It's a great great show - deserves praise - not a fan? Or have not watched?
Some time between the 5/9 & 5/12 I think. Those are the next days off. At least, the next days off not filled with side jobs
I don't want to go to the dentist. :(
when you get a chance to help with cancer , Do it .
And then me, Danielle and the teacher we laughed... It was so funny!!!
hahahhahaha dnt worry we wont judge u
#Partitions look beautiful along with steely framework and marvelously portray your back and
gosh i havent been on here in a while
YESS!!! :) that would be amazing <3 are you from Minnesota?
thank u for gradually making #techhouse a household word in the U.S. I've been waiting for years for this to happen!
- i WANT niqkuhs to cry & pour out their Heart fhr me , & tell me how much they Hate it when they APART frum me <U+2665>
congrats for another top 10 finish in the Indy Lights Series
• Only thing better than a baseball player, is a SMART baseball player. HOT
ASK YOUR GOD THEN THINK AGAIN #KING WITHIN ME
I love GH and other soaps! I watch Y&R, B&B, and GH everyday. RT Watching GH
right right that dont mean nothing tho.. u both we get whooped
deleted because I keep remembering more. I know too many awesome people if that's the only qualification besides occupation
this is the most blatantly racist rant posing as journalism that I ever seen on the Chronicle website! Horrible!
not yet
What kind of names are in your family tree? I have an ancestor named Atlantic Ocean...
His teammates hate him. The guy sitting next to him at SAL AS game signing couldn't stand him. His coaches don't like him.
but it takes *just* the right one to command it.
Swinging and reliving my childhood with (:
I'm confuse are u hatin on iPhones or r u just sayin type shit
on the way there, yes! Then I'm going to Disneyland to meet up with my fam!
Small nervous breakdown today. Mini-wig? Microgeddon? Nanocalypse?
If you don't mind me asking, where are you headed to school?
Land at 6:15. No idea how long it'll take me to catch the metro to the stop closest to my hotel.
Ah. Thanks. I spent the weekend at Long Beach WA - so I'm not too jealous but still appreciate the pic post!!
Don't understand why 911 call from day when student jumped from rear of bus is news. Who wants to hear that?
if you aren't watching #TheVoice you are missing out!
Its cute when girls like you try to have an epiphany. . Smh
just DM'd it
follow me back
Thursdays, Veggie Flautas Corn tortilla filled with ancho roasted potato,spinach,mushrooms and cilantro.Rolled up and crisped to perfection
You shall be missed! We'll toast to your good health and hope to see you at the next one. Stay tuned for more SI/Thirst adventures!
Save your drama for ange. . . . .
Let's connect. I'm working with RT“: I'm not in NO but me and my guys would be interested.”
Be ready for a faceful of hair. :P
So freaking cool. I want more.
Watching the Lakers win!
Im js you could do better .
Looking forward to listening to all of the old podcast episodes that just became available on iTunes!
ha! doubtful! what'd you do to yourself?
Yup! Back to real life. So. Much. Laundry.
Too early to be angry and too late to fix yesterday. New day, new work, new opportunities. Be thankful, be prosperous, be blessed.
Wow just woke up! My body needed the sleep.
Live Music 9:30PM 2nite at Mississippi Pizza & Pub, Featuring Dean! - jazz/folk/rock
LA Fitness in Arlington sucks! $20 for one week.. What a joke
lemme get dressed .
Finished all my grad school apps and two residency apps. i think two more residency apps and I'm done. what a marathon!
If you live in Nevada you need to update your Powers of Attorney!
i'm sending you motivational thoughts.
"We turned a corner on an open road - Another metaphor to help you share the weight of this load." ::oppenheimer::look up::
love it, you're raising a wordsmith! :)
#piano lessons
Let's go UK!! Wildcats all the way!
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
I expected it to be a bit closer!
yeah pass by on Friday or Saturday in the afternoon :)
Organized crime accounts for an average of 10% of the United States' national income.
Family leaving boohoo wa
Dat funny. You should eat sum my cookies.
you too! Have a safe trip home and let us know next time you're on this side of the Atlantic...
Beautiful Girl... nice.
my app be tweakin aye is lien I don't see that shit no were on the news
Chicken...fried or baked...Mary J or a Diddy artist? Which?
Seabiscuit broke & reset speed records running against younger horses, often carrying as much as 30 pounds more weight than his competitors
Those who stay will be champions.... BSSC Volleyball Champions Summer 2011!
I believe in fairies...
Them Bones. Best Alice In Chains song ever.
The shame is on U,not our fallen soldier(our hero)!I would figure out where your going before you tell any1 else!Your pathetic!
Study for finals or watch tv. I choose tv.
If I die tomorrow , than I would have no problem because I enjoyed my life fully. follow
#BandsILove Transit, tssf, such gold, defeater, Man Overboard, The Wonder Year, Lydia, Touché Amoré, Handguns, Stickup kid & La dispute
you guys hear about this sarah phillips, the con artist who convinced ESPN she was a columnist?
Lol she a celebrity hopper.
lol I'm listening to red hot chillie peppers xD
I second that! But I'm an East Coast watcher....We should trend it in ALL TIME ZONES!!
God will break you of your religion
L'Enfant Thank You for showing your Ficelle love. Enjoy your weekend!
Wow! in discussion with Andrew Keen about "Digital Vertigo" at
Happy February! Celebrate the start of a new month. Treat yourself to one of Shorty's lunch specials starting at only $4.79!
dude no lie since that shit has been missing all i do is see turtles!
im not going the same day as marianas trench tho D:
So upset I'm missing Mob Wives tonight! Maybe can give me a RT to make up for it? She's the best and takes no shit!
In Your Life. Make Good Choices And Be Wise With Your Achievements. You Made A Mistake. Life goes on. Go Foward. Do Good Things To Be Proud.
MT : American Airlines charging $150 rebooking fee PER TICKET, not per reservation. Cheaper to scrap ticket & fly different airline
#trust You know my eyes are always scanning the room in a shifty manner.
Meek Mill - Ready Or Not
most likely
Not in the best mood today
Yes! Resurrection & Monk's def have food. Dunno re: Grave Tavern. Coop has a killer looking wine dinner, but I don't know details.
It coz I have been revising, I no complain when you revise! x
it's taking a long time for me to receive an email saying that i can host a bieber site. -.-
any chance to win some tix to Foster The People?
Less love More sex No calls Just texts New dude No ex More sleep No stress
I start the day by being bold: Kombucha does nothing and it rots your teeth.
lol yeah just how I like em
In my opinion, the best Concierge Lounge in 's fleet is in the Magnificent Mile Marriott in Chicago.
Former governor of Maine?
nice man
Yeah, I still don't have your number!
thanks for RT - how are you keeping?
Just discovered you and now I'm complete! Not quite sure how I've existed until now. ;-)
fails at updating status often enough..
Keep your eye out for exclusive party slayerz track tonight!!
I'm reading my old diary from senior year of HS. It's incredibly embarrassing and hilarious and ooey gooey cute.
Sweet! I'd love to... any time.
yeah me too (: hahah
Today's the day we do a brand new show at the UCB in LA at 6:30pm. It's gonna happen today!
Find someone that fits your personalty
Happy New Year, Mark! Looking forward to getting your solo album in 2012! Can't wait!!! =D God bless you & your family!
It's so funny I move to VA and I have seen more movies than when I was home funny
Favorite thing about the summer? Dippin' Dots <3 oh come to daddy.
Did you know? if you say "beer can" with a British accent, it sounds like you're saying "bacon" with a Jamaican accent. (:
on my way to school but i just wanna sleep
Mivi: It just gets better & better! Enthusiasm, ideas, creativity & knowledge at
"Goto Mom", def. The Mom a child goes to on the playground when the child's Mom is not present.
I'll give the page a few shoutouts :)
$3 #Miller Lite bottles + playoff #basketball + newly revamped #RedIvy Sports Club with massive comfortable booths =
Thanks for coming to our class tonight!
Woo! oh yeah :)
Can i get a "MAke it happen!!?
Love is a fool, just like me.
When you tell Oklahoma City fans "everybody clap your hands," by God they clap their fucking hands.
Rangers or Cards? Who wins game 7?
My favorite experience with is meeting them at the shaved ice stand... :] :D Rock on... DREAM BIG!
For Qs coming in about how the Trending Index is computed. A: TI is based on combined activity level (views, buys, likes & reviews).
Im Here To Support My Imspiration
I missed your twitter party. I don't know if I can smile again.
I've heard the same thing about LA, although I've only been there once and it was more than 10 years ago.
what's love if it ain't worth dying for ? — <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><U+2764>
Are you a fan of One Direction???
we'll be there! Cnt wait!!! X
Gonna be in the studio sometime this weekend.
We don't believe in #THINspiration, we believe in #FITspiration- who's yours?
i used to listen to Mitch... now I have my third child on the way.
presentation on #IT contracting tremendously useful, great high-level practical practice advice.
Hope everyone had a great and safe #Easter Sunday
well, now 6. Time sensitive joke. But how crazy is that? My son is Magic!!
I'm so sad I couldn't come watch you!! Next time, princess! Keep working hard :))<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
no problem. Thank you for the follow back
They say that love is blind...too bad it's not, it sure would help.
Republicans are standing and clapping. Was a Democrat just arrested?
Home, home again. I like to be here when I can. When I come home cold and tired It's good to warm my bones beside the fire.
that want nothing but to WIN other than dying ! Take no prisoners only one #Survivior ~:-)
Who says Mondays have to suck!? We like to celebrate Mondays by giving you a great drink and food specials all day and night!
Recommend cooking it first..
Guru Tips - Release the door from the garage door opener and work it manually. if it is too heavy schedule a service call....
doing as I was told... tweeting or something.
Tomorrow going to Corsica, can't believe school is in 8 days
Glad I am not the only one. If its not Carter Barron, I leave it alone.
I just love the song.
I need my medication O_O
Well 2 tylenol and a double shot=euphoria....woo hoo! Damn Lmao
I haven't Tweeted all day.
aww thnks for the S/O babes , && im not mean im jus real !
Please. You'll be riding in on horseback or something anyway. As if.
In expressing love we belong among the undeveloped countries.~~~Saul Bellow
Good Luck with the Colts !
Time for graduation dress shopping :)
Adeles performance was beautiful!
What picture?
that's huge. I have friends out there and I've been planning a trip myself. Driving on the wrong side is goin to trip me out
oh i'm well aware of his instagram... SMH
That rocks! Thanks so much! :)
Ima make you wet the bed <33 (Chris browns voice)
1 1/2 work days left for the rest of the year, but still a busy day ahead
Overslept again!!!!!!!
It's like a negative circle of life.
thanks 4 following
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take."
There was a beach ball in the parking lot this morning, I should bring it in for some office stress relief.
On the topic of my last post, how and why does racism still exist?! There are great/good/bad/terrible people of all colors, shapes and sizes
God is # 1 over here. don't listen to what you've heard.
Which one? Dont cry!! RT : when a song makes you cry
Thank you have great week ahead remember the new you is yet to emerge
Wesley, you know that it has nothing on the BC!
thanks yall really for following
Persevere and get it done. -George Allen
oh hi, enjoying my pictures I see.
Haha! RT : Jack was scared of flies for a while, lol
aint tryna go to twitter jail yet, let me chill
had a one-on-one tutor for maths today. that joyous moment where you understand maths = holy proud of myself :).
I had some too yesterday. Made me. I can't take all the credit though, got me hooked on it. Can't go back.
what! U shoulda came back!!!
_Eavesdropping_ "What's your ETA?" / "Problem set. Not going well." / (Don't miss college much.)
I'm gonna #prayfordemi even though i'm not a big fan and even though I don't exactly know what's going on rite now... good look...
Me and my bro are gonna roll with our jerseys this year to the games.. Wish we could get them autographed! Lol
Your Happy Hour looks pretty tempting! Might have to come in some time this week :)
Just leaving Texas Land and Cattle Co in Austin after a great strategy meeting with and
I love Melissa Harris-Perry. She's brilliant and beautiful.
RT : Who else is up wit me and 'm up
Thanks for the follow! Following you too...
thanks our clients for their patronage... You are all appreciated!
RT Is Frank Luntz the illegitimate son of Newt Gingrich? Sure looks like it.
Don Mattingly today on with Dan Patrick
Just finishing fabulous NOLA dinner from local chefs organized by Mayor Landrieu
shoe market in vegas...1 million shoes...attended great seminars..super speakers..love these kind of learning days.
RT : Best party favors ever from LFX Launch party! Perky Jerky. (I took more than one. Sorry.)
RIP Donna Summer
I'm looking to speak with someone on the Goodhue county wind turbines in
RT !! pretty sure it would be her dream come true, all she does is talk about you! - see you April 13th!!!
read them in three days. So. Good.
Robert Pattinson with no hair= GROSS
Hey, me too.
The news is so depressing
Be someone who makes someone else look forward to tomorrow.
How can I possibly transcend without an internet connection?
This show is so freakin good!
I have two hockey games and baseball practice for my older son. We also have a Scouting event most of the day on Saturday.
what am i doing...yes thats y im doing me...im livin life right now...
Cute kitty :3!
The urgency of the hour is upon us. Jesus, wake me up!!!
I like wobble.. I think that's what its called ;)
That's Awesome! Day 1= Success.
Can't wait to get home change and do absolutely nothing with
Just lit up 3 midterms in 12 hours, now its nap time
I'm trying to sell my mom weed
Will someone please tell the GOP Congress that it's Women's history month--today and every day women have rights.
Why don't we use umlaut more often? ä ë ï ö ü Such a waste of a perfectly good diacritic.
Young Latino Artist 16: Thought Cloud Artist #9 Carmen Flores Artist, official site. www.carmenflores.com
At the doctor's. Getting meds.
I got my drank and my 2 step
RT : Kansas Jayhawks versus Kentucky pansycats tonight. Rock Chalk, Jayhawk...thank god basketball season has arrived.
Thomas wish Happy Birthday for me shes my bestie.
I like how u tweet Goodnite then you tweet again! #Swaggy (: <3 lol
Great work. Terrific concept RT : Did you know - 13 new Moishe Houses have opened since January 2011!
I wonder why they call sweet nothings nothings, when they are sweet somethings, or everything. this show was talking bout that
It was fabulous to see last night! Thank you for the awesome dinner!
agreed! Thank you! Really enjoyed our digital research & scholarship talk too.
the things I would do to u baby ugh I want to show u how much I love u right now. Meow! Xo
RT : Heading over to meet w/ the GenNext group w/ about the #Datotel journey and our involvement in the community
I can't wait to get my silver star!!
Amen! Thankful! RT : I serve a God who heals :)
Hurray! #donuts are here!! :D
Releasing our second single "Crash and Burn" tomorrow at 6! We hope you guys are as stoked as we are!
You need to get a bigger American flag - go to Perkins.
Lose weight by "breaking the fast" eat breakfast folks! Don't have time? Get at me I'll get it for you ;)
Umm so won MVP today not shocked he the shit
"Greenspan Declares Obama's 'Worst Mistake,' Was On Deficit" #huffpost And his best move was not listening to Greenspan!
Distance means so little when someone means so much
" In the end, we only regret the chances we didn't take, relationships we were afraid to have,and the decisions we waited too long to make
wow a new fan every minute
Mee-San Thai Eatery- outstanding! Pork sausage, pad thai, rice noodle soup- all fresh w/ great flavors.
and son. his wife doesn't want to associate herself with the once mad woman.
Yeah it is!(swoon) Congrats! U gentlemen have any idea the crap I take being a Packer fan here?
its true. just read that and while i think it had problems and was all over the place, it was still way above the pack
Who will be crowed #TheVoice? Watch the final 4 and vote HERE!
See folks, just put a sticker on your vehicle, follow us on Twitter and Facebook and get FREE stuff!!!
I can't wait for tomorrow and Sunday <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Great day to be a reporter ...loving this weather
me to
Congrats to Laura Zera!
gay people are drama queens! lol
4-1 tonight Hope everyone made some cash
Could BEING ELMO be a sort-of third person hell?
I really like because it allows me to text/SMS while flying using wifi
The truth will always triump. Seek the truth and follow it.
ya they have a set with a mic built in. Great with iPhone. Not sure about how they work with other phones.
Back from the ASTA convention in Atlanta. Things went exceptional well and we saw a lot of our old friend and happy to meet new ones.
cant sell with a piece of pizza in your mouth
Jeep dealer shoppin while skippin school:) but now i gotta go back, in the middle of global studies << .Happy b-day pappap<3 i miss you
awesome defense, as usual!
Haha you wish she was faithful.
At Ruby's . . Still hungry.
it's so hot in my room!!
Friends, we're building playlists. Holler at us if you have music up on Spotify!
<U+2610> single <U+2610> taken <U+2611> dropping out of society to live in the wilderness as a unicorn ;)
and yes I know you are right about cointelpro ice etc...so true
My sport very very favorite is he soccer I like much play with my friends of the school the Saturdays in the morning
#ImMadBecause I'm not chowing down on wings at Quaker Steak & Lube right now.
you were NINE POUNDS???!!!! HOLY F!
aint shot bro what's good?
. I've added you to my SelfAbsorbedClique list. Congratulations, you're now sitting at the big boy table.
Dude in the news just said "techno-weenies!"
Good Luck! And don't spray it into the wind!!!
Romney's planning a "major" economic speech on Tues, but I misread it as "magic."
im just saying..me and my brothers talked about this over pizza for hours today...just tryna help u be the REAL winner
I bet Doc Rivers wish he had his son Austin right now
first shot of tequilla down, so many more to go
"It's all true. The bogeyman is real. And you've found him." From Otis Driftwood in the movie, "House of 1000 Corpses"
We have 2 action packed 1-3NLH games w the best view in town to watch the Big Game right next to our 25 TV's in our sports book!!!
Filming a #PSA today for Together We Rise.
Thanks, it is always good to get ALEC out in the fresh air of #OCCUPY democracy.
then play cod tonight ass
Grace has to be found. Gods throne is a throne of grace - Heb. 4:16. Let us come boldly and receive it!
the only thing he lies about is what he eats
Good morning tweet tweets!
Sleeping in my brothers room tonight bc i can .
Thanks for the love, if I don't make it home to catch the show I'll catch the archive.
Newspapers are an important part of our lives. Not to read of course, but when you're moving you can't wrap your dishes in a blog- S.Colbert
Chipotle in an airport?!?!?
Congratulations on receiving a job offer!
MY life, MY choices, MY mistakes, MY lessons. Not your business.
You ever notice how the people who always rush to tell you how grown they think they are happen to be the most childish people you know?
politically we are opposites, but spiritually we share a common bond.
Thanks for the follow NY mamma!!
I wanna be on Chelsea Handler. I wanna be on Chelsea Handler. I promise I'll be funny. This Friday I'm on Craig Ferguson.
I need an office on a patio today. It is gorgeousness out there.
- cool dude to be around.
Damn it
i love my Teresaa ! ; gonna take a showwer (:
Happy Birthday Woody G
why do u think u appreciate jazz more than poetry?
you and me both!! I mean it's not like I make an infinite amount of money or anything
Seeking activities that are both highly effective & generate lots of student enthusiasm. Want the kids on board next fall.
Lovin' the new papaya mango flavor
Think I have to retired...extra early tonight. I'm a bit wiped out. Sleep deprived.
"Its Halloween" ft. Suga Shane & David Blayne will be posted on worldstarhiphop on the 27th.. Download mixtape at indytapes.com dont miss it
#Swag That's what I thought when you preformed.
Guess who I am, I scream loudly, I don't shut up, and I annoy people
He could have torn his ACL in Galaxy training too. It has nothing to do with a loan to Europe.
Harder, better, faster, stronger
What an AMAZING day i got to spend with Cory&his family. I'm floating on a cloud right now. thank you for a GREAT time babe :) I love you!
7 Rules to a better Life 1. Never Hate 2. Live Simply. 3. Expect a Little. 4. Give a lot. 5. Always Smile. 6. Live w/ Love. 7. Be With God
The one you're looking for, you're not going to find her here...
Living for words means getting an Italian greyhound so you can name it Puccini, titling your book My Lips so u can say Read My Lips
American Yogis, don't forget the most difficult poses are resting ones, yoga is mental and spiritual fitness, not just physical.
Watching the cops bang on a neighbor's door to no avail. I'm so nosy.
FUCK IT!!! PARTY IN SOUTH BEACH!!!
I wasn't sure because of the hair (plus I had glasses on!) but didn't want to take away from your conversation!!
You did great hiking yesterday babe! I know I was pushing you and you killed it! I Love You!
Thank you . Stoked for Aug. 6th!
Hey , you took an extra suitcase to SXSW so you can bring a load of Texas BBQ to next week's meetup, right?
What is the cray-cray sister of yours doing back in Minnesota?!
#HappyBdayAustin Hope u have an amazing day
don't you think that has to do with the over-controlling government in place in those nations?
dnt know.. Was suppose to come in Sept. But im bout to get a new job.
if only i could greet life's typos & misspeaks with the same manner of nonchalance and indifference i display regarding my dirty-ass hair.
Just because I'm clean, thin and I smell good doesn't mean I'm gay but because I suck cock!
vs. OSU, Kelly goes for it twice on fourth down, saying he wants to put the game into his offenses hands. Rose Bowl? He lets his kicker...
Fun tip RT Did you type "let it snow" in the google search bar today?
because they have nothing better to do
Looking forward to following you guys on FB, too! :-)
Looks great on the site. Feel compelled to buy the book now.
And the forests will echo with Nancy with the Laughing Face
Grace means that life is once again united with life, self is reconciled with self
ok sick! i think i remember someone taking pics so thank her for that! only ones without water marks i can find haha
I'm feelin some wings and shots tonight<3
Avenger of the Day: Captain America.
Check out SD Home Garden facebook; we had a party previewing a penthouse for our May '11 issue; terrific remodel by Anita Dawson Design
im so excited for your concert in June! Im so glad your coming to Chicago!!!
It was a good night thou ^.^
Cool! I have a bunch! Well i am going out to dinner with my best friends family! I promise I will tweet you when i get back
Dwight and LeBron deserved it over Rose last year as well. Last year you ignored the numbers. What changed?
Lol, will do!
Stop #dickeating it ain't healthy for you boi
Going off to Morehouse in the fall. Fuck Frith and SCF, 4 real. I always will turn a negative and positive!!! On my way #Morehouse Man!!!
I've had this glass of Orange Juice for about two hours now...... I'm still not done with it. XD
What even
Feel weird. Night world.
Waiting on a News Conference from Spring, TX
Enjoy my first week of work...I swear the HealthCare field is my calling :)
I LOVE that movie!!!
Is that advice? You should speak at a conference.
I thought this was going to be some weird story about Angry Birds :)
well take one! Lol
I learned from the best;)!!
Too blessed too be stressed.<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
.'s Tungsten has an alternate colon for alignment with numbers. And you tried to put “detail-oriented” on your résumé.
it's all ball
ok I introduced you to everyone. Have you followed them back yet? -Dustin
cus thats when you can eat huh? :') rt ": Best part about school , is lunch & after school :)"
MT Chad Gaffield, SSHRC President: 21st century innovation demands "understanding human behavior", not just widgets
Just got my hands on it. Menus are basically same as EPIC. In fact, the EPIC menus will be upgraded to look more like the Scarlet menu.
Looking for sales consultants, HR Managers, Recruiters! Contact us for information. Can be addition to you current job. www.joborworker.com
yes, and/or incorporating propensity to promote.
A fool tells you what he will do; a boaster what he has done. The wise man does it and says nothing. -Buddha-
Dusty Baker doesn't think so..RT on whether or not Fredi Gonzalez overworked Craig Kimbrel .
what should I wear to practice today coach? Two sleeves and arm bands? Maybe a nice pair of oakleys and elites
I'd punch a midget just for the nostalgia
