Are you sourcing local foods for your Thanksgiving feast? If so, what are you getting and from where? Please share!
I shall have to look into this!
We're working on a Special edition of #AmericasNow this afternoon. It's all about Cuba.
EEk! Hope the day improves - Treats coming your way!
That's tight!!!
Where there is a will, there is a way, so the saying goes. I keep on walking by faith.
Wish #oomf would text me..
I need more God-fearing single, black, female friends.. in Brooklyn.. I'll wait.
Going to six flags next sundayy :)
I remember Terry & PEja were 15-16 from 3's that game. Truly a blowout
so glad that you follow my news updates!!! :)
I hate to get the seats in the Benz wet.
thanks for sharing our article!
Thanks ! So honored to be a part of your community!
“Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.” - Rumi
Looks good. Sorry for the lack of communication on my end.
#streetlit or#UrbanFiction, do you know the difference? The #author #ColeHart has written just what you're looking for. A-Town Veteran.
I think it may be about time for some beer and Galaga...
University market is busting! Strawberries and spinach from nashs, porcinis , heirloom tomatoes at billy's. Sweet.
Im done giving in to the world, its about time that the world gives into me.
I managed to get my heart broken, have a shitty time at work, and get totally ignored by one of my best friends in the course of 6 hours.
dude! White dude coming from half court to win it in ot? Great stuff
do you ever get a handball in pro evo?
": RT : If they mess up let them know if they keep messing up let them go"
don't forget Lucio's, La Vista, and Kanomwan.
11 more days :-)
I am getting through this I am still behind and nerves are shot but I am not going to stress about it.
Liz found a recipe that just calls to mix the broccoli in olive oil, salt & pep, and then lemon juice after roasting. Baller.
We here at CNN confirmed with Atlanta Fire Dept.
I say this with confidence stern will not "let" us lose to the no star power nuggets !!
it looks like something straight out of a Dr Seuss book.
Anyone else think Chris Harrison & new #Bachelorette Emily would make a super cute couple?? Just saying....now that would be a great ending.
Today's BTU inspiration: "To hold, you must first open your hand. Let go." ~Tao Te Ching
Oh, you like Meshugah, dude?
'The team, the team, the team..." played like it tonight. No contracts, no bonuses, no individuals - just the team. Go Blue!
Still in our PJs, Christmas music playing, & we're seeing more trees than people. Vacation in VA has begun! Merry merry w/
Besides your sat radio gig(s), are you doing any more podcasts because I'm OBSESSED? On stage/back stage? Anyone? Big fan!
Whenever Ron Artest TOUCHES the ball, i cringe
CNN email: FBI director confirms bureau has opened preliminary investigation into JPMorgan Chase's massive trading loss.
Some people only dream of success... while others wake up and work hard at it.
Thank you my friend!
Tweeting from my new phone. Using Swype. Goodbye 20th century!
we don't know why twitter keeps suggesting that follows , but we like it
!!!!! RT : As an #Aries your mean streak comes out when you’re not able to find a release for all that explosive energy.
pretty sure it's at the one on hwy and greenfield
nick trying do "nicki minaj boody bounce" i was dying
Ridin home to 3sets a takoma station & man set one they sangin..music @ its finest!
I don't care if u have 1 pick in '12, or several in upcoming yrs, it's not quantity, it's quality.
in Arkansas for the weekend
Dear Houston friends, I need suggestions for New Year's Eve. What's happening? --
Are you at #vmworld this week?
NBA Playoffs! 76ers up!
who wants to chill~~~~~~
where do we go to read the live updates?
hey do you guys need a publicist for the new album? senors. hit me up via email. may have something that interests you :)
El Fenix: Expanding waistlines in Dallas since 1919. What amazingly good Tex-Mex! Thank you, Martinez family!
Does anything beat a long day better than hanging with your family?
I think there was ANOTHER poll showing Obama's lead among women down to 2%. I don't believe it either but it freaks me out!
“People don’t buy what you do, they buy why you do it” - Simon Sinek: author of Start With Why.
Just had a steak so good it was probably illegal.
because we live in a world where people say one thing and do the other.:)
It IS cool to read an article in a magazine penned by someone I have seen in person, though. I will allow myself that thrill amidst my duh.
Never... RT do I sense a hint of sarcasm? :)
Looking forward to the Small Press Xpo in Bethesda. See you on Saturday!
You know your obsessed when you're driving by yourself and you see a house full of trucks and a semi and you say "decepticons dude"
#sxswLAM = #librarians + #archivists + #museums getting #sxswi 2012 proposals popping! hivemind together: www.facebook.com/groups/sxswLAM
Time for school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> kill me now I want to be sleeping
Make her feel like an overachiever
Feel like the super bowl threw u off ur healthy eating wagon yesterday? Remember: it's a new day & ur only human. Time to get back on track!
Watching "Dancing With the Stars" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
exactly i just kept reading that one though and thinking "wow, okay...that sounds scary..."
I can't believe that discussion questions for High Fidelity by Nick Hornby don't exist. Really?
Portland Brewfest promotion tonight tomorrow & sunday.
is dis spam u only got like 50 followers lol
Stabbing at fruitbat?
not sarcasm. No one is required to watch b-ball just cuz its a tournament. Star Wars isn't a bad option ever.
I WISH. Or a vending machine. Food tastes better after it falls.
Hey if u have a psn account add me peyton112
Wow was #AWESOME!!!! Met some awesome people, and Brian the sound guy (had him last year too) was awesome too! Now for errands...
How's your Truck?
Seared some of the blackfin tuna I caught for dinner tonight. Tasty!
Homemade Chocolate Pecan and Caramel Apple pie today. A slice of pie and cup of coffee only $5
Out of peanut butter, that means it's time to go grocery shopping again. Now have to eat my English muffins dry.
did you buy seats already
The main reason students are failing is because of "teacher timidity/passivity", not the lack of tech.
Happy to help LK :)
why did it bite him??
not close enough. Wish I could sleep till August!
Hate it when I wake up with cold sores. :(
The crue is answering phones for last day of 's cap campaign. call Beth, , Nikki or Megan: (512) 471-6291.
Ember+D3 is exactly what we're working on in Yammer Data Services / Analytics. Wanna come chat sometime?
but I do like hardcore music
If a woman got more muscle definition in ha arm then me.... I can't fuk wit ha.... #Swole Azz
that the world's best can't even make the 18th green if they're just a tad off with a NON-driver is a testament to the stupidity
Full count!!!
Here's a 2-part tweet. 7-year-old Lauren wrote "Steve" in our writing program. Next tweet is a snippet.
I KNOW! CANT WAIT! Tickets are selling fast!
you allowed to have game beers on a day game?
Scandal is on.
It's weird that these guys the Ravens are drafting are only a year or two older than me.
I take #pictures. Doesn't mean I'm any good, but if you're into that sort of thing (#photography), follow me on Instagram - allisonbirk.
hope it's a boost! Lord knows we need it.
Your cat is seriously freaking me out!
lol. Got the white one like daddy !
Amen “: Following timeline of has been incredible today. taught me I have much to learn. And to be thankful for.”
Asdfghjkl ; followed me .
The ghost of Sneezy the dwarf is using my body like Patrick Swayze used Whoopi Goldberg in "Ghost".
My weekend begins
Drake ruins every damn song he is on.
The best is yet to come
I love these events. Maybe see you at the next one.
Haven't talk to my dad since Friday.
Upward Motion Personal Training Adelaide McMillan has impeccable credentials with a bachelors of science + she is certified personal trainer
Aso who goes on that pof thing its so funny to me
I might get one! Is there any way I could see your photos? I'm curious. It's meter-less right?
oh it is entertaining to me sometimes and sometimes boring I know John Larnitis will be gone
you are beautiful no matter what they say words can't bring you down
oh do you happen to have a reference track with just the harmony on it or did they only send u it mixed as accapella
spoonful of peanut butter with Ghirardelli dark choc chips
But I just got up. Throw some toothpicks in to hold up your eye lids.
I am too!! #latism RT : : Excited for our May/June Kickoff Events in NYC, DC, Miami and San Juan! Stayed tuned!
'the squirrels here are really friendly'
Eddie Murphy died ??? :o
im bout to ninja assassin some folks....
Oh, hey, fellow kind of aspiring comic - rule number 1: don't steal other peoples' bits as if they are your own.
I'm really glad tomorrow's friday. This has been a long week!
Love Sundays!!!!
Finally got all my stuff delivered by movers after 6 months of storage and transit. End result: I don't think I need 98% of my stuff.
THE BABE
I want to live in Bargersville Indiana, for obvious reasons.
Hm. #ThePitch is moving a bit slowly...
Team Obama reelection hopes hooked on reigniting social issue war (e.g. "gay marriage"), as he knows he LOSES on economy.
Rule is if you don't remember putting deodorant on, put more deordorant on
I never leave anyone. Jesus. Stop assuming
beautiful. Oregon coast?
Earth Day Pictures: Ten Most Threatened Forests
Brewers are looking good tonight!
Everyone at whole foods is just so beautiful. Makes the $6 kale/bean soup that much better.
hey, guess what? one week until I'll be at
Check out MikeCurtisFootball.com for his stats, awards...
RIP Earl Scruggs
My motha fuckin docta, said i need a docta, so i called house now i am a pill poppa
I should sell beer. The beer I convinced my brother to buy the woman listening to our conversation bought it too. #parttimejob?
Just found out Guns N Roses are coming to Chicago! Yeeeeeeeaaaahhhh!
oh. my. those are gorgeous!
Just woke up 20 minutes ago. I have the worst freaking headache. Ugh.
American Greed on CNBC is becoming one of my favorites.
u said it right boys lol gotta fuck with a Man
haha yea on YouTube in separate 9 minute parts hahaha peep the viva email for links
RIP Davy Jones of the #monkees -- he was 69, died of a heart attack this morning in Florida.
Thanks to all who came Sat! Chali 2na absolutely tore it up in a packed Tipitina's. Many thanks to Chali & Laidlaw... Come back to NO soon!
shout out to the nice girl in the middle
who wants to be a member of a support blog for beliebers? tweet me for the info please, i need members :)
What are your favorite songs in Spanish about colors for preschoolers?
I ousted as the Mayor of Caltrain today.
#InTheEnd though, whether we wind up together or not, it was all worth it. All the tears, happiness, heartbreak..everything. <U+2764>
I just need a back massage <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
dunno im trying to see riss and stef tonight and i told them when i get a car id stop by
Why am I so attracted to Christina aguilera?? Maybe it's all the attitude...
Why do I crave foods when its impossible to get them? For example, right now I want Tricky Ricardo!
Musings: Don't expect fairness. We all make our own breaks.
yea for real
got music beta from google. crashed already while downloading music. not a good sign :-(
Did you know that lavender is a natural herb sedative used to help with insomnia?
If you're distracted, you might have an "accident." RT Society has hit a new low. Just saw a guy texting at the urinal.
. How long til #WalkerFailure changes story & says"divide & conquer" abt Greek debt crisis causing WI to be dead last in jobs?
you were right. Critical error re: food. Not hungry, but improv show happening later then planned. Preventive cheez-it measures
Working on a new foldout map of luxury goods in Manhattan for the Look forward to showing you once its published.
Wow! Go Ashley Robbins! What an audition!
is that your leg or a blanket or furniture!?!?!?
Congratulations to the Ky Derby winner! I love the name "I'll have another!" :)
Same. And I don't even have a dog. RT : My dog is more social than I am.
yep, all 500 of us! Staying at the ladies are upstairs snoozing an will be shopping while I'm in meetings :)
Those are great, , and what I was looking for, too
I keep openin pwesents but my people & say day is not for me. How rude is dat?! Is it chwistmas yet?
Everyone check out and start following them for crazy specials around the Milwaukee area
Curious how rising actors learn to reach their potential? They have coaches like ! Jaden & Willow Smith were his clients
I know. Thank god! I need summer already! Haha
RT "WHATSOEVER U ASK IN MY NAME,I WILL DO IT 4 U SO THAT THE FATHER BE GLORIFIED THROUGH HIS SON" Jn 14:13
Really REALLY looking forward to iS8 playoffs this weekend. One of my favorite basketball weekends of the year.
Canter sucks!
New photo/avatar: a colonial (1730s) American token by Samuel Higley of Simsbury, Connecticut - "Value Me as You Please"
#JournalismMatters because it puts the devil to shame.
Difference between FB and Twitter according to me: FB is funny friends and Twitter is funny strangers. (Mostly) (At the moment)
I am reading #BonjourTristesse, the novel #FrancoiseSagan wrote when she was 17 years old. Lucid and charming, but the movie is as splendid.
#WhenISeeU i get butterflies :)
These storms are one of the reasons I moved here. I love it.
. Group projects can be painful. We all know that! "Obama: "This would be easier if I could do this on my own."
Way to go yesterday Lobos!! Good luck tomorrow against Louisville!
The lipstick stains up in yo collar was my shade.... Oops oh well lol
The downside part of being a part time game tester is the salary is rated on per job basis only
Hahahh RT": The other day, I saw the headline: 'Woman beats off rapist' and I thought... "That seems like a reasonable compromise.""
friendly follow request
hey girl! Text me(: 7862055017
now I can follow you here too! Saw you on feed. Hope you don't mind old teachers listening in. :)
Happy Birthday Mr. #Jaxshow . Enjoy your weekend and see you Sunday at Heat game
RT : All great leaders have one common spiritual gift - faith. Elmer Towns
JT: Unicorns aren't real. My teacher said they aren't. Me: Really? I thought I saw one last week. JT: Well, you're lying. They're not real.
So , did I read the feed correctly? St. E's hospital in Brighton + each got approved for big $ projects?
"It's Not the strongest of the species that survive, Nor the most intelligent, but The One Most Responsive to Change"CharlesDarwin Which RU?
And to you and everyone else, too:
He's going to be giant. I'd start getting on his good side now lest he EAT you later.
Uh... RT So, writers don't have to pay taxes, right?
S(he) wan(was ok with that)ted sex
which means google translate voice recognition doesn't work in czech on my phone
Hahaha, well I'm incredibly happy to hear that. How about this, I'll give you drum lessons for Spanish lessons. Deal? :)
Took 1st in my fantasy draft...#F!
Hey if you are on facebook add me.... Renee Denise Austin and like my page too.
... money shot.
GH get ready for the invasion. Preseason tourney begins at Jeld-Wen Field tomorrow
Question for discussion! What was Jesus doing for the whole 40 days He was led into the wilderness by the Holy Spirit?
so, Adam, it's now in the newspapers. NBC fired the producer that manipulated the 911 #tayvon call. Is ABC to blame? I think u r.
Does anyone know a #salsa company that allows for custom labels and bulk orders of 200+? Random, I know, but I'm looking for one! :)
Hi #libchat I'm Allison a library supervisor at USC
ill miss ya'll too - have an awesome weekend!
Time for me to go to sleep...
sent... And I'm up all night so hit me when Eva... Can't sleep
I got to shoot a lot of stuff with my 7D over the last few days. You know all that practice I needed? I still need it.
plus i got to leave like soon smh!!!! from san fran and head back to bk did u hear the records i sent to u?
Just want to go home and watch something mindless.
I remember when Christmas used to be my favorite time of year.
No is not a word I like to hear.
I think you have a great thing going...can't wait to see how you evolve! Enjoyed my visit BYOB.
We only follow back those following us. Somehow we are following you but you have stopped following us. Hm... ^SZ
Rude. You owe us drinks. At Velvet Tango Room.
try cream cheese frosting
great idea! That's what we'll be doing!
LAUREN IM SCARED
Quite disappointed I missed this one actually RT Discussing childhood with & Reflecting on the...
dude it's so gross
Tip 5: Stay Focused on your Date -You've asked for her time and she generously agreed to share her time with you so don't waste her time.
please follow meh it would make my day ! <3 loveeyouuu
Happy Birthday to Craig Horner!
sorry haha. Ill put circles instead :) O
True same did u go school today?
ur watching me, grow, develope, into political threat. Repaying best I can, make world better. Thank u for showing ...
Hehehe! We are so happy you are loving the SLP Break Room app as much as us :-) thanks for spreadin' the giggles :-D
I wish I had a remote that would allow me to rewind to every stupid mistake I ever made so that way I could fix them.
Saw the crow with the broken wing! He is able to flutter and gain lift now. Gave him kitten food -- hope that isn't bad for him. He gobbled.
reply to this I got a builder that might be great for ATC
Totally aced that Downey test!
If you have any specific questions, we are happy to help you out. You can call our office at 619-425-5592
Cool. I'll be in touch. Enjoy rest of weekend!
Tumbling in school :D I love the internet
We wit Buffy the Body tonight at Rockstar...ladies free b4 10.....come holla at cha boy boy....
Baylor was 1-5 this season vs Kansas & Missouri.. Only two teams they played that are even close to UK's level in talent
Falling asleep at the computer. So tired !!
This was my first time at BDOM. It was perfect for tonite.
Stella job on the opening Live models, mini makeovers, the goodie bags, the raffle. #WeCouldn'tGetEnough!
Stack Exchange: for all your uregent solvation needs
Taking the world!! Lol Ima take you to meet my gma Valentines day if thats cool with you and I can take you to that special pla
My ribs fucking HURT, bro.
sittin on a couch with tyler,christa,and samantha and being really bored
Unfortunately consultants are paid to ignore msg > $ MT Romney SuperPAC outspent Santorum 41-1 & theyve won same # of states
Thanks for sharing our newspaper story!
Such beautiful weather in Chicago! We thought we would celebrate by breaking out the grill! Argentina Flank Steak recipe:...
I honestly HATE America's best dance crew
We studying tomorrow?
Dear Professors, Please use some sort of "fair" grading scale when grading instead of giving arbitrary grades. And use blackboard.
we have question: do 3rd party tools like hoot suite and instagram increase engagement on FB?
I know!
PM Wish we could discuss our vision for low cost engaging curriculum cloud & hybrid eTextbook. Tessa can coordinate 920-886-8279.
2010 line was just put to bed. Great fashion colors plus women’s only pieces. We'll start sending out teasers and specials in a few weeks!
The most traumatic day ever,visiting old town Alexandria one of our dogs freaked out and slipped out of her harness and went running away.
Larry Bird. Even though he wasnt the flashiest guy, he ALWAYS got it done
Widescreen slightly annoys me.
Los feliz farmers mkt -- we've got cold brew Darjeeling iced tea, Brazil Bob o Link coffee, and some darker French Roast brewing...
count sheep lol
also working on how much orange I should go with. Ears? Belly? It's different every time. I'm a fail-forward kind-of guy.
"Good" day -> getting a First Class upgrade tonight. "Great" day -> finally flying home to my gal / kiddos after a week onthe road.
I think I'm just going back to that goal in general
great... Please note my sarcasm...
Who in NYc wants to roll to see the Avengers on Friday?
I completely agree and that's actually why I created it. I feel like I miss a lot when I get busy. This is about catching me up
i am planning on writing more about my sessions. Still lots of control issues...
Got it! Well enjoy the drive today! I hit the road tomorrow night! :)
Watching "Marijuana Inc.". Funny to watch the authorities get so mad cuz they get no taxes. Tax a billion dollar industry and see who cries.
. Austin fundraiser for includes 2 Capitol lobbyists & PAC Treasurer on host committee
Did the Mrs. jump on that train too? ;-) : Hip press 1 hour after waking up? Here we go!
Happy Mother's Day
Did you know that SBA standards changed? Instead of having to go straight to a transaction screen or Phase I, you can start with an RSRA!
My new computer parts are almost here
#sundays, " Heart of the King"The Worlds greatest Elvis Tribute Show comes to June 24th www.heartofthekingontour.com
Deal alert: $ 50 for consultation and treatment along with an hour session of either Qigong, Acupuncture or Private Yoga, in Bethesda, MD
Feel like this is a pretty key moment for HRC - long aftr this is over what will she write abt BTS diplomacy
please do explain once more how your heels are bigger than my penis
15% of teens have experienced #cyberbullying. Join tweetchat and ask Q's about parenting in a digital world tonight 5/8 7PM ET at
Costa Cruises-new-low rate on select La Dolce Vita 10 night Caribbean cruises is $699. Ask about special rates for kids! Call 800-803-7245!
Good morning!!! Happy Monday! Don't be too crabby - it's beautiful outside :o)
omg, hahahaha this is amazing! LOL, they know I want them , ahahah lol jkay, but thanks! (:
My song Going Rogue Availaible by request for your productions
Sure thing. Thanks for looking out. We've got a ton of stories on the background of the of the Trayvon case within the article!
All clear to go back to Austin tomorrow!
THE SERVICE INDUSTRY 2morrow at Ruta Maya on South Congress...we start at 9 pm so don't be late or we will drink your double mochas all up!
I think the end of matchy-matchy for most brides, but some still too traditional and don't "get" it.
MKE precinct still not reporting. Can we get a squad over there to make sure they're alive? Or at least not stuffing away!
My parents married each other 35 years ago today. I'm grateful for the lessons their marriage has taught me on love, friendship and family.
it never fails!
Are you serious...? PBR has a twitter page? What do they tweet...beer burps and white socks?
Who remembers Ms Dynamite album 'A Little Deeper'?.
I follow you and reiationship
up early preppin for another day of recording for recording artist DAIYON produced tracks from VUDU SPELLZ
Thanks! I think it's time to start a collection of my own! Love yours btw!
not soon enough, B.
RT : If you don't like it skurt.
Happy Birthday to the Bestest and Greatest brother in the whole wide world #ILOVEYOU <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
University students and educators make up an overwhelming majority of the people I've met this weekend.
Felling great! #winning RT : How are you doing today ?? Feeling good?!?! :)
why does she always wear black! Love her in some color!
Had a blast at Bark in the Park. Took a nap, and here we are.
Had such a good time at the event tonight!!
#cnndebate mit: "the world is scary! We need bigger guns!"
agreed. and that's why I'm a vegetarian. this is 100% a vegetarian's frustration. it seems so logical in our worldview, is all.
and you're certain you're not in Roger Sterling's trip, right?
The audit did not calculate the total cost savings associated with the recommendations.
Show at Limelight was awesome last night. Thanks to all the friends and fans who came out to support us! TVA loves you
Never trust anyone that says, "I love you."
NYC!!! we have gr8 news! u can now buy italian, everything and the orig parm at the famous on the upper west side!!! #yum #yey!
Thank you :) Congrats on your webby nomination!
i havent done nothing i was supposed to do since ive been home what a shame
done via DM
Haha, wow okay.
RIP Craroll Shelby! The Mustang & Viper will live forever!!
thanks for the RT! Looking toward to seeing u all!
It's 16F in NY! Too cold!
I've held in how I've felt for so long, I can't handle it anymore.
Both of our scores dropped!
right on, you got it... you rule bro.... till next time... cheers!
Thank you Linda B. We will do our best to get you a great river view suite when you come in a few weeks!
Chilling right here
Whatever. It was cool. It was a minute...
Goodbye until we meet again.
You're welcome Erin! I miss our talks! Tweet me sometime! :)
Just in: Police announce three arrests in Woodburn High School Fire. We'll have the latest at 10pm.
Unreal how close this is. Four vote difference now?
Happy Super Sunday! Take 20% off our Tyvek Coil design wristbands today until midnight! Coupon code at our Facebook link:...
More great raffle prizes for our April 23 Coalition fundraiser, did I mention Woodstock Farm Animal Sanctuary guesthouse?
Hey Everyone, suggest Stand Up and Laugh to all of your friends!!! ALL OF THEM!!!
The pinot noirs of Archery Summit, impressive and individual. htto://www.biggerthanyourhead.net
why does my stomach hurt all the fucking time. <U+E408>
I loved Jeff Malone there back in the day
Fun seeing you have fun!
I had saw when u had her on the site. Those pics were by me :)
Deep down I know you happy you ever knew me...
Austin's smile, his eyes, his hair, his voice, his swag, his songs, his nose, his laugh. His everything is perfect. <U+2665>
Food coma... for lunch. M.
damn dude. You drew that?! Pretty sick!
You, You, You, and definitely You!!!!! go follow
Do you like fruit in your sauces? It seems to be a trend right now-pear salad dressing, mango hot sauce, peach salsa...
Thx for the RT ! I look forward to speaking with your CEO, Ken Erickson, soon as well
this is my first time in Seattle personally. I'm sure there are places near if we meet at Edgewater
We are playing a show in copley ohio tonight. Come hang out with us!!!
great meal at fig tonight. Big thanks to Jason and crew!
why be afraid tho?
it was good we win 3-1
Any commercial artists like myself out there? Have a question.
depends on the case.
okay thanks. Always candid great interview no matter the topic.
so glad I saw you too!!! Love you
I'm hanging in there...need those prayers...family health issue...tough situation...
#NP #salsaceltica Now THAT'S some spirit for your holidays!
he needs to update his messenger (so do i)
I want it to happen to TV, too. What this world really needs is another show reality show with singers. Yawn.
It's an issue. For real.
Elite performers have unstoppable physical energy...do you?
Hello Friday! It's so good to have you here!!
Some guy who I haven't seen in over 2 yrs told me he hated me last night bc I don't talk to him on fbook..he was so serious too
"The Last Starfighter"
Just because her EYES doesn't TEAR, doens't mean her HEART doesn't CRY.
YOU & Babies , Come Visit Me & Babies !!!
To me, there is no greater act of courage than being the one who kisses first..
what are your thoughts on 's comeback? I was shocked and saddened when he was banned, Im glad to see him back.
I applaud President Obama for taking action & naming Richard Cordray Today is a great day for U.S. consumers, investors & homeowners!
Have a Happy T-shirt Christmas! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
I love you like a love song!
Do you have to register for #TwitRank?
Prepping for another Master Class Intensive tomorrow morning. Looking forward to meeting new talent!
I know... Obviously it's not real
hope so, pre-sale tomorrow. Have seen many times, always a great show!
Ur at ur favorite artist concert, the artist offers a cd, a t-shirt and an autograph picture, which 1 would u choose & Y?
a fist for simple? or complex? or both?
happy birthday girl!! have the BEST one yet :)
just tryin to get through the week
LOL! I see. Do you have snow there?
remember when we used this
If #OccupyLA wants an evil corporation to protest, I suggest Grand Moving, Inc. in Encino, CA (US Dot License - 2036096).
Yo Monica wedding dress was EVERYTHING!!!!.
My mom just got me 16 new One Direction Posters.... Goodness mom i love you! I only had one so this is a change haha!
What is it with Whole Foods products politely requesting "Please do not overcook"? What's it to you, Amy??
AMA from Atlanta on SPEED right now!!
Congrats on your performance today against ATL. Keep making Holly Rock proud! Good luck to you rest of the season.
Just completed CEO Roundtable Dinner at University Club downtown w/ General Manager A.J. Smith. Great guy. #BoltUp !
Aw!!! Beau says thanks with a resounding bark.
Never delay discovering the world while you can.
#CantTellIf she's shy or hates the fuck out of me.
2 more days of 2011 , im ready for the year to be over so i can start new things<3
hey sista! it's been forever. i JUST now noticed that you have the new blog up! the couple of pieces i've read are great!
You don't know the first thing about what Facebook has come to.
Is cuddling cheating? Because I cuddled Cassidy, if that's what Danny's talking about. I might get pregnant from that, right?
whoa, what'd I say ?
I need to be making some moves today
Bow to the Brow, what a game.
How do you feel about #PeytonManning leaving the Colts and Indianapolis? If you haven't been to Indy before, visit for the #Big10Expo Friday
Sure thing! All is well by us, how about you?
Happy Holidays from Ziggling Graphic Tees & Apparel!
watching it now. So far, it's fantastic and very interesting!
#happybdayjb I LOVE, BY <3 YOU'RE SO GROWN UP :') I've already cried. omg.
good question.... Id sneeze on Delonte West
D, Follow & DM us. We will make you a custom background. We do multiple Pro Athlete Twitter Backgrounds. Would Love to do yours!
sche is an easy target lol . very fun to mess with .
Going to TOY STORY 3 today folks if anyone see's me out its ok to ask for my autograph,but please dont be mad if i'm quick to say no
Love that ! Good for you!
I have to go to sleep so good night Jordan <3
& get some icecream
lol why would you spin to where the help defense is?
I tried that, i'll try again...
sending again
What do you mean!?
What makes a good teacher, in your opinion?
Some people think metal music makes you angry. For me, it eases frustration and makes everything worth it! God gave us #metal!
On my way to work. Waiting for a train. Delayed as usual.
thanku my dude!!! Destroyed it!!!
Very wise words! Could've gone KABOOM if hired Ryno. Not too late. Anything else will be a dud
11 hours on the road. Made good progress. 700 miles today. Got a LOT of cornfields out of the way. Tomorrow, 300 miles, then Chicago!
Because they anticipate so many playoff games at Kansas State in the future?
aww, I missed you too:)
Digistar is now representing Max Calo and Jennifer Milan in regards to her US visit.
A beautiful night for soccer practice!
#SomeoneIWantToMeet Dierks Bentley. Because he is my favorite country musician! :D
what the hell is a shank dictionary boy...
so like the "holiday" AVI
Already beginning to work on new short-term projects for December & beyond, including webinars with Sarah Houghton-Jan and new online course
thanks for the mention and helping us get the word out :)
that is very cool!
yes sir, have been telling my fellow French peeps as well as family from Paris to nice to watch our little show
Never put your dreams in someone else's hands.....
same to you :)
will send some great deals in the morning. do u have email?
Some people don't believe in love at first Sight, but i do because I loved My Mom since I Opened My Eyes...
Just thinking of some holiday traditions, such as secret santa. What are some of your traditions?
Girls were mad sexy last night .... had fun though yeoo
what's up
My baby will bnever be a spoiled brat !
Stressing over all this BS! Omfg -___-
I love you TUNCHES(:
so sick of people puking from a few bottles
It's a problem, and I are chedbunz MONSTERS!
Do something for SU...book the Dome next time
i hate it when u textin ppl nd at the same time tlkin to some one nd type wat u was tlkin bout >.<-____-
I am leaning that way.
thanks for sharing the usability article. Have a great day! ^ag
I'm at Fresno County Central Library to learn more about land records @ #genealogy society meeting.
Has anyone studied Business Law besides me out there , if so what is a tort or assault & Battery ?
lol, jk. Kinda. But mogs don't be tryna think critically on Twitter. Especially in the morning. Depends on your followers.
One more night with at 's Jack Guidone! We've got your tix at the door - $20. 7pm early show!
OMG!! You just sound better in each video <33 Good job! xox ( p.S. CAN'T WAIT FOR THE NEXT COVER :D )
Great Quote! We will be premiering Crumb's newest work "American Songbook VII" this weekend in Philly. Come if you can!
Posse is GREAT - but it is more competitive than Harvard and is only for kids w/top grades.
oh goodness, i woke my aunt up with my loud obnoxious laugh ((:
i think i might make it through the 1st day of being a vegitarian...
I wonder if ever got her bangs. ???
“ Life is your audition for heaven.”
Trying not to think about the summer
we gona make it no matter what..They think they the best but they dnt know we the BESTEST!!!
The best thing about the south is are #sweet tea!
that sounds delicious. and I had FOB roast beef in Madison
lol I know right! Front right, pattern mixing floral top and skirt, and a blue and pink phone case!
did a Google Image search for images and logos for patch. Look whose picture shows up on first page! :)
i didn't know you were here! what a nice surprise. love from califas
Just downloaded it...really cool and will make me more productive at work as I can save stuff I find for later
What can social media do for you and your company? Any successes to share?
RT : thank you for the follow hun (I love your eyes) stay fly
Let's go heat do it for bosh
John what does Romney propose for health care reform if he would replace Obama Care????
you wouldn't know anyone who freelance develops for Blacklight? we are looking for help with an install for our library
Ridiculously excited about the vs double header today.
Ben Hong, THE cellist, is back in the band and Dudamel commanded full audience roar for "Daphnis + Chloe."
Finally watching the first episode of Punk'd. I forgot how awesome this show is! Pauly D's show on the other hand...not so much.
This week shall be a week of progress! :D
was the spoiler that everyone dies? Because that'd get me to watch it maybe...but sequels hmm
Wondering if they play shitty music in duty free so more people buy noise canceling headphones. Missing my B&W P5s
agreed. he's pulling a giuliani from 08 and it may not work.
guess what guess what guess what!!!! I lobster you!!!:)
good luck!!
Suddenly my Google+ page just changed. Nice new side bar. Anyone else?
Nothing like choices to keep me on my toes, think quick move fast!
soo whats a guy gotta do to get a ticket to this cirque show?
what bout "get ya shine on". I knew that one haha
"The New York Times' list is a bunch of crap. They ought to call it the editor's choice. It sure isn't based on sales."
Oz is 'planning" on being at Eubank and Devolepment today...dependnt on wind...updates to follow
but i'd rather just go to sleep than doing some other stuffs so... tataaa~.
betch I'm smart
yeah it stinks but i would rather be calm than drink delicious coffee!
I don't want to wear pants. We all have dreams.
Show tomorrow @ jammin java! Make sure youre there!!!! Eeese going to be faaahhhn!!!!!
thanks! Glad u thought so! See you soon!
I feel like I'm in "Scanners" -- my brain almost exploded listening to Bachmann's speech.
Stop it NACAC. Be better.
The entire room exploded in cheers as soon as Suh got ejected ... Happy Thanksgiving!
: Your kind words and spiritual support are an inspiration to us.
but that's gonna make me want it MORE, and want Austin more!!(:
lol I do not ! “: noticing that looks a lot like demi lovato :O <3”
oh I see! She's awesome, when you start looking for more, would you check out my friend? :)
shot he can have her...she bout as bad as he is now
fun! Hope your school year goes well. I don't go back for 2 more weeks
I think your account has been hacked as well. Might wanna change your password.
Getting ready to play some Ultimate Frisbee at 10 at Westerville's Heritage Park. All are welcome!
In a meeting falling asleep #WakeUp (in my Samuel Jackson voice in Do The Right Thing)
Honored to be Stu's read of the week!
listening to the "Megadeth" station I created on Pandora doing web stuffz
Any time. Any time
Thanks for the shootout!
just taking some crazy pics with my bff at webcamtoy.. ahahha what funny pics ahahahah
Really not sure why Doan got a penalty on that.
Stop complaining... DO SOMETHING
Lol RT : This is the best WNBA game I've ever seen
High-quality tweets, dude :)
Yea we fucked bitch so what
back at ya, Billy! Have a great new year!
Great day in LA today stoked to wrap it up with some wisdom from this evening at art center
Hope to see you soon!
Congrats on the new car!
Follow back please!?(; <3
Dive, leiana and The Better Half at Hard Rock Cafe Philadelphia Official Site. All ages. Tickets available for $7 in advance or $10 at...
Thank you SO much Chrissy at for the amazing customer service this morning!!
That awkward moment when they show two penises in the movie.
In the province of the mind, what one believes to be true either is true or becomes true. -John Lilly
Utterly confused. Seriously need psychic or at the very least, a crazy 8 ball.
who invited you to the twittersphere?
are you doing homework?
haha okay I will <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Yep, I sure did! There is another Annie everywhere I go :) You shoudl come next week.
Remember being taught about the definition of science in school & the idea that science meant physical events could be repeated, confirmed.
Did you know? always starts writing his books in September.
Nice to meet you too! Want to know when we reveal it all? Please sing up www.sofiafellini.com
Looking fairly likely somewhere closeby you and us in WI
Night people ttyl
Yay! We have one too (XS) PlayOn is good for getting current CBS and PBS stuff.
Does a sonic screwdriver come with that outfit?
Happy Day of Silence.
yeah, you couldn't see my response to another person who follows me. It was shocking.
Everybody has that one horrible secret they hide from everyone and when someone makes a comment you think if they only knew ...
Thank you so much for the #FF, and back at you. We hope you have a great weekend as well!
WE WANT TO KNOW: Tell us why you think credit unions are better than big box banks...
Finally sleep! Finished with #web!
You need to pick a side. Either forgive FSU for being mediocre, or give them credit for removing the head coach responsible.
Maria Sharapova leads 5 -2 in the third set against Wozniaki - great third set so far.
New edit computer on the way! Woo Hoo #tax return!
THE FIEND FRAME!
It's So hectic but so worth it. Thankful for my awesome job where I get to take care of ppl and make bank! Ballin!
I have a sinking feeling they won't last.
#prettylittleliars is seriously off the chain. LOVE it.
I agree as well but it is dating myself. I was a wee young'n when they were big lol
Beautiful (and very creative) shots. What an engaging campaign! Great Job!
No problem, you can send me your ship to address in the UK, glad you like my scarves. I'm getting a great response in NY.
Great to hear Howard is joining WVXU!
egads, now you're just getting loopy. time to turn that thing in.
I could really use a cocktail. Sadly, that's not allowed when there's a picc line in your arm. So nachos it is!
The math lab and writing center are open for business in the #UMBC library as of today, 9/13/2011! Come by for help with your assignments!
Super late, but thanks so much! Hope you had a great weekend.
wow this made my night!
Police are saying #I-70 is going to be closed for quite a while because of avalanche control.
Just saw at #changs in #Brentwood...we are both from the great city
Avg patent wait time is 34 months + going down. Startups that qualify for fast-track option wait as little as 12 months. Good for innovation
Good to see you! -RT- : In Canon having a wee nightcap, what a bar..... great atmosphere and lots of good whiskies :-)
thanks babygirl! I've already had a kinda bad day, I'm trying to make it better tho, I love you (:
It's why I love when I find a mistake in my training activities. RT : Perfection is boring.
Just heard No Sleep Till Brooklyn, made me sad.
Motions hair lotion got my head smelling like pussy
Just drove the Buckymobile around town to take pics of moving day. Watch for to send them out. HILARIOUS! Flat Bucky had fun!
I bet it happened during the move. Glad it's a simple fix!
Why thank ya ;]
"Disco Inferno" Jimmy Ellis of the Trammps passed away Thursday at the young age of 74. Keep on singing and dancing Jimmy. RIP
perhaps. but who are the mainstream centrist religious leaders. where is the compromise in public life?
Does anyone know of any IT job opening... job needed badly
ha! I think this means you have trouble following directions. :) A fine quality if you ask me.
Making those music moves. Starting indie roots rock project. Heckatight.
I'm not giving up on u noticing me because IAM A JASMINATOR
… and of course a huge thanks to our friends for letting us host the Processing workshop at their space. Thanks!
what are those? :-P
maybe she's mad because she has a large forehead
#TheVoice was amazing tonight! Love and you guys are amazing coaches <U+E022> can't wait to see who wins!!
lol ella. We need to get a drink together soon. Im glad all is well. Im doing good too
How sad, sad, sad. RIP. RT NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83
Can't spell "Hochevar Strikes out side" w/o "Hochevar" & "is trout kiss" & "ee".
Being ignored -___- fine
RT : Queen City Underground Tour by American Legacy Tours – Multiple Locations $20 for Walking Tour for Two ($40 Value)
Awesome! RT : National Burger Month has started! You need to come to to try our Dry Aged Beef Burger for...
I don't wanna leave Virginia :(
Let us know when you're thinking of coming in and we'll see if someone can chat ceremony options w/ u. How many peeps again?
& you're a fatass. <U+E10B>
Hope to see you soon! RT : Its early but, I wanna go 2 4 lunch and try out their new menu<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I actually like Wreav, he's basically an unfiltered version of Wrex. Unapologetic and just flat out blunt about what he wants.
#thingsigetalot you have such pretty eyes <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I'm interested in working abroad... I'm a graphic artist, but would teach too. Any suggestions?!
I'm burnt out.
RT : How Social Media is Replacing Traditional Journalism for Breaking News [Infographic] - See on Scoop.it - The......
Eating at moto tonight. Bringing CD of pictures for and Chef Roche. Want to eat Aerogel. Some of my pics on Moto's FB page!
blown away by #TheVoice and the top 4 has been chosen, to include my #1 Favorite Juliet Simms...Congrats everyone ;)
This is why we watch and why we love the game. Never know whats going to happen.
Today's new beginning is all about standing up to the tough conversations
lol Ikr. You gotta be strong than a mf
Problems are going to come. How will you respond? What will ur attitude be? Trust in God that he loves you, cares & knows. Count it all joy!
All seeds are 25% off while supplies last at your local Paradigm Gardens
Will not play the 7pm since I am still alive in the 4pm $340
WHY IS CILANTRO SO GOOD!?
it's about god damn time!!!
Who said you can't take on city hall? Great job guys.
The start of a new week! Keep it classy America Keep it classy
a very landscape-aware and hungry deer perhaps? sounds better then a total jerk stealing mums!
Snooki is going to be the cutest mom ever
cain will do anything to get a moment in the spotlight, his ego is as large as the National Debt.
AH, I'm in E gate. Too bad. Why is it delayed?
#redphonebox for on 14 July, call 08442491000 to find out more
COME ON, Give us 's WEST COAST TIME!
well, I'm watching glee.
I can't wait to see the new video!!
is such an amazing person
Hello, world! What's happening???!!
watch out for the wind sweeping down the plains.
We should be too big to take offense and too noble to give it. -Abraham Lincoln
Have a GOP ballot? Be sure to write in for State Treasurer on your ballot!
what you been on boy!
I repeat what I said, only louder. ; )
that was awful!!!
Also, we go hard. Hard as a mother fu ka. Good night. BYE!!!! Good night! Peacekeeper. Call me katniss everdeen!
You slut #1!!
omg so good
Any tickets available still for Solid Gold/Polica Friday 12/9?
because they don't want the tracks to come out
Yes! win!!!!! Bring on the #devs. Victory is sweet!
OMG! I WAS WALKING AROUND THE HOUSE MINDING MY BUSSINESS AND I HEARD MILKSHAKE AND STARTED DANCING HAHA THATS MY SONG!!!!
Just getting used to this but reading feeds from my favs is awesome!!!!!
It's safe to say that Michael Porter has completely lost the fan base now. There wasn't much there to begin with.
I really want to go to a Keith Urban concert.
They are never too young to learn about the NYT ": Palin "bull--t" to a NYT reporter children around-maybe including your own?"
I hate people who CONSTANTLY make excuses.. Thats a bad habit I tell ya!
Just finished up a review of Visual Studio 2010 and the new integrated database tools that make the DBA's life much easier. Check it out!
DUDE!! That's hot. I'll get us some for our matching jackets. They'll be all over us!!!
Zombie movies are everything to me.
I have a weird obsession with cupcakes...
No matter how you say it: seconded.
So happy that you enjoyed your meal :) Thanks for coming in!
For members of the media: if you're interested in getting a perspective on Native topics for a story, please let us know!
how about loser goes on a date with me? :) i will comfort you LOL
Ah! Unauthorized sequel!
Thanks! I submitted it live in front of my iOS class as a learning activity.
I wish I had a voice like Jessica Sanchez.. ._.
Wes Saunders. The man, the myth, the legend of Zelda. Lol.
Coffee + Zyrtec + The Mix Up on has got me going this Friday
"Eating is really an indoor sport. You play three times a day, and it's well worth while to make the game as pleasant as possible."
Maybe I should try and get atleast a little tan, since this is the last day an all.
Thank you friends for coming to the markets this past week. We will see you @ Tivoli Village Las Vegas for Taste & Toast Thursdays 5-8pm
Bad joke. You spoke of a relationship with food like an inter-personal one and I made a break up joke. But clearly dumb. ;)
I didn't try out but my bro Eddie did he said it was great wachbattle field America check it out on YouTube he's the one who says ha we won
Tim Dillard, the cab is here to take you to triple A.
#alliestarter "Hi, my name is Allie. I've made some terrible choices in my life, like going to graduate school." [cont.]
Oops, mixing up accounts.:) That'd be cool:)
I love the smell of freshly cut grass
Rangers in 6. RT : I'm a little late on this, but I need some ECF predictions tweeps!
Because running isn't something you're supposed to KEEP DOING. Give it a rest already. Subscribe to Burrito World.
My back issues of are on the way! Now to get enough work out of the way so I can enjoy them when they arrive...
MAD AT THE WORLD!!!!!
There is a drug that makes u orgasm when u yawn
Take a hint.
woot woot I'm in then!!
we're building the platform
i just can't do it anymore.
"Fake it until you make it." Advice for women on getting some of that bs juice that male entrepreneurs have. From at Kapor Capital.
why what happend r u ok
Good morning. It's all good
you're such a star!!!
anybody have an art studio for rent cheap?
Im Bout To Go To Sleep
haha you too !! I was actually somewhat upset I missed out on those shots at LaHa.. but unfortunately, I was driving <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> lol
The Check it Transformation event w sounds hot but so is this SF-Saints game. Geaux Saints! Is there an after party?
OH: "hey, Soriano! Need your Hoverround?"
STILL FULL
sorry, I heard it second-hand. I'll see what I can find.
with deep pockets!!!
btw people can someone just sing me to sleep already? it's 9 am and i haven't slept in like 22 hours so. i'm hungry and tired and ugh
want to change up your strength training routine? Try supersets to really burn the muscles.
Sound Check: Buckroe Beach Reggae Fest returns Saturday with Nature&#39;s Child, Bambu Station
Got home about an hour ago climbed into bed nd 5 mins later my alarm goes off for school...FML lol
lol maybe my aunt talkin bout i need 2 get them done
In 8th grade I'd have 7 or 8 aim chat tabs at once. Now I can count those who text me on one hand.
I know!!! She had them on all afternoon!!!
eat regularly - don't skip meals. not only is skipping meals unhealthy, it often leads to binge eating
I stopped believing for a little while this morning. Journey is gonna be pissed when they find out.
how was American reunion?
Just know if you Mistakenly cut line in the Apple store in NYC people are not forgiving
time to make change happen.
Ugh i need to stop being so depressed
Congrats on winning Top 25 #TSMA!!!!
Wasn't going to budge from my offer of 9 years/ $213 million. Sorry Oriole fans.
has brought me back to Twitter.
At mellow mushroom getting weird looks for the ashes I forgot to take off my forehead.
Follow a PLEASE :)
So one LA team starts a game 7 at 7:45 pm their time the night before another one plays a game 7 at 10 am. Okay, NBA.
I could go for some authentic shawarma. That is one thing sorely lacking in Rochester.
Man I can't wait to get some more tats!!!
She introduced the guy with her band who sang it as the one who did the singing voice of Clooney in the movie.
Yeah, that's true. But it's Rickie Weeks, that K rates not going anywhere!
I love the colors! And it's all recycled!
My dad is gonna flip when he finds out Carroll Shelby died....
Lady T
Yo did u see Wah episode was yesterday
if i personally knew you we'd be best friends. i know it
so just asked me if he needing to take invitation to wedding. Please get someone to stamp his hand.
oh cant wait to see this
BBC: Data suggests that this type of earthquake has not triggered the type of tsunami seen 8 years ago........( I would still be careful)
I lost ALL my identity & financial information. A stranger, , called to return them. Need an honest marketer:
go away:)
Did anyone else know The Darkness was back on tour? Weird...
a rainy sunday=blah
hey hey Mrs. nation, thanks for the love.
Sounds like an aggra-aggragator, which could become aggravating if you say it too quickly.
You say pop cause you're from the north ;) haha
Ah yes, completely misread your tweet. In that case its Nivea.
Break a leg today ! Get your movement on!
today and I was like, "THAT'S RIGHT. PRAISE ME."
Gasol just lost his manhood to Serge Iboka.
Globe Gossip girl, Meredith Goldstein is coming up next...
Congrats on all that! Great changes in sight. :)
“: Slow down to speed up. Just a little something I'm chewing on right now.” [love you girl]
Done. I see is our leader.
Seriously stop labeling films pretentious. It's vacuous, and contains no actual meaning. We don't make films we think aren't important.
Thanks for the retweet :)
Did you know that of is speaking at TribeCon? Want to see him? Be there and grab your tickets now!
lol I win
Will b Bck after 3 dis is my key to graduation
RT : S/o to #TeamUET go support that new music!!!
&& those women are the ones who will end up with shitty marriages && being miserable the rest of their lives.
My parents used to be happy when I took naps… but now they think I`m lazy.
i don't have my phone with me, but it's 615-818-6084
What ever happened to Sizzler's
what do you have going on? r you doing shows?
We wouldn't want to feel left out (so we are giving her a #followtuesday shoutout).
Almost time for some classic #bachelorpad commentary from
Bear's Place specials tonight: $5 pitchers of Miller Light, Coors Light and Skip & Go Naked. Also, try and Ice Cream Drink for only $4
it is a decent salary for New Yorkers
all we got is leftovers! No me gusta :l
Let him that would move the world first move himself. –Socrates
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living; the world owes you nothing; it was here first - M. Twain
Working on a corporate wellness project for a company who actually wants it's employees to be healthy:-).
Love &Lust both intertwine with each other, but which ones the right one?
This weekend will be full of
Thanks for the submission to the #unifygallery! Watch here for updates on when the new ones go up.
have fun! RT. Happy
My sister is such a snitch.. Always getting me in trouble and shit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Time to study...then sleep...work at 6am tmrw!!! Happy mothers day
RT The "cynical politics" vs. "conviction" argument on Obama's gay marriage stance is a classic false dichotomy.
Targacept received notice of termination of collaboration with AstraZeneca
ACS staff share about job successes after #poweringthepossible training for our clients
Taking the week off to prep questions for the all-star panel at the
What a busy weekend! So much fun, so many dogs! Need a pet sitter/dog walker? Visit www.lepooch.net today. We are filling up fast!
Gone2range by fire department academy on state road in philadelphia I should be there round 10,10:30
So happy you found it! Nice to meet you here on Twitter!
tryna get this school shit str8 so i can get my cosmetology license under my belt so i can go ahead and start my own business
Do you still have my phone number?
tried it, loved it. :)
We are! We'll be up for the opening... get at us on Facebook and we'll chat up the details.
Kelly Clarkson looks fabulous!
Words (holds up gang sign)
I swear turn 2 you is amazing is so lucky 2 have a son like Justin he Is soo sweet & loves pattie soo much!! :D <3
grace :) yours?
Juliet Simms to win the voice
yup, you are correct. you really only have 1 "blog" though, then different cats on that one blog. tags too if you want
Riding weather yet I still can't ride my bike :(
People, take a minute to give one of our own a Birthday shoutout - Happy Birthday Rohan / !
Loving the fact that closed a L'Enfant entrance with no info on where to get the shuttle.
Zayn is my prince . (':
Panel discussion on the Role of the Critic: Ralf Winter, Charlie Nelson, Elvis Mitchell
Touchez, Casey Anthony... but did you also win the Heisman, rush for 11,236 yards and star in The Naked Gun? Nah, didn't think so.
This still hurts, i cant imagine what texas ranger fans went through this past season.
Dry rubs are fun.
That's a great feeling!! A lot of people don't feel that way about their colleagues.
Wildcat is bout to run wild again tonight.
Meeting today with & today to at the new World Class Events facility! Anyone want to host an event or party!?
Okay back to these graphics! This is what i does!!!!
#virgindiaries=some of the nastiest kisses I have ever seen....
I never learn my lesson lol
Oh, I love Jack!
that be some animal style with quezo
“Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is a gift of God, which is why we call it the present.”
I will definitely check out your site...thanks! Follow back :-)
the cranky egg apologized. his last tweet to you says "sorry man". hmm...bipolar mullet hater?!
or awful if black-out rules prevents people from seeing national game; stay on Sat night so I can watch via package
I hate how I care for people when they're even the slightest bit down.
Come To Walk For Hunger Tomorrow @ 11:30 To See , , & Perform @ Cambridge Boat House(:
Recovering from a shit show
Hey Tim, it's great to connect, i think you're a fantastic actor. LA is wonderful thanks, I'm loving it here!
looking for office space right next to Old Town stop by 407 Rio Grande #ABQ or call 505-480-1602
Love is a battle, love is a war; love is a growing up
bro i got a message from him today and it threw me so off guard i started crying.
This whole conversation just tells me that I'm terrible in bed!
Mayor Adrian Fenty: education reform in the District was his proudest accomplishment.
please follow me :D 26
Freedom is not free! We have to remember those men and women sacrificing their lives for us!
Thank The Lord for waking me up this morning
Have any of you done Eloqua's training? Recommend it?
Sad game last night...keep ur chins up! Next week will be better, won't it?
Will be jolly'ing it up around Launch Pad today? Better visit our #prelax popup shop and find out!
Nice font!
I will be your demise! know my name and fear it.
War of 1812 Celebration will involve Blue Angels flying over the city and war ships in the harbor to your... Starts in June!
that's the way I think of it, eventually the time put in will make it better for me later! :)
With 70% of votes counted, Walker has more votes than all Dems combined in 41 counties, while Dems have 29.
Not all babies use pacifiers. If baby just isn’t that much of a “sucker,” may not need to be soothed by sucking on pacifier at all.
my heart and ability to forgive.
we're neighbors! likewise, glad we're in touch. i might DM you soon - i have a question about your industry. xx
RT 2011 #Jewish Educator Award recipients, w/ Lowell , 's Gil Graff & Richard Sandler
Have it on my phone, but haven't played it yet. Let me know if you want to play!
Hypocrisy, thy name is Mark Sanford! What sleazebags these married self-righteous, sanctimonious politicos are!
Melina Abdullah:Dead Prez, living in a police state. Hip hop and community organizing are twin modes of response.
So Funny Shelby believes her name is princess. Just ask her :)
I couldn't either cuz gimli never came back lol. but apparently my subconscious knows the entire 'blow the horn' speech...
Setting up plans for a Comedy Documentary I'll be filming in the very near future. Who would have thought it'd be so bloody complicated.
Multiple Allowed, Earn 2% daily, matured in 75 day (Total : 150%) and every 4 positions matured
#fridayreads In honor of my bday taco crawl, I'm reading about how my fave food is taking over the country in TACO USA. Tacos, anyone? M
how were gymclassheros? c:
Very much worth the tweet. It's a slow tweet day.
An honor RT I don't usually do this, but here goes. #FF Team OC:
We will be increasing our fleet in the upcoming weeks...
Thought you might be interested but some friends and I are going on a ghost hunt at that asylm in Seattle that TAPS went to
I'm looking at all the work I have to finish. Can't even concentrate! Just keep thinking about among others
Of course, the one night I'm actually in Hampden! We'll be at the Dizz around 7:30 if you're interested.
haha that'd be funny!
im not being shy about it and wow
Will I ever stop coughing? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
Iive in LA , you should come visit over here ! ;D
of course i want too
Lots of memorizing and practicing to do tonight, without feeling over-rehearsed. What is your favorite way to memorize presentations?
No school tomorrow
Standing armies are a threat to out republic. Thomas Jefferson knew it. Too bad Obama doesn't get it... Mr. Peace candidate...
of course, especially with up to 12" new snow forecast soon. Btw, love the milk! Say moo to Brent for us
is the most amazing man I know! ( he is single ladies!)
I like your profile pic, very professional!
Dropping the kids off at the pool.
nothing like a good 70's bush
Good morning, #Chicago! Did you know we're giving away $1,000 in FREE rent? Ask us how you can get in on it. ;)
thanks, Chubs haha.
OMG PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE FOLLOW ME
#dsoc twitter handle is
found someone to sew the hem tags on! and the Art Star Craft Bazaar is only 9 days away.
Listening to Red Bull, Southwest Airlines, and QuickTrip's sponsorship leaders.
Music editor is talking summer music right now on Seattle Sounds, 97.3 KIRO FM
Hey brother we sent you beats in the past and now you're in Miami. We'll be out there tonight with ya catching your set!
Stuck inside today until my parking lot is plowed. Looks like I will be unpacking the rest of my boxes from my move... Which was last year
LOL it seems so obvious doesn't it?
RT :I'm pretty sure my manhood is dependent on whether or not I can take all the groceries from the car to the house in 1 trip
Go Packers!
the new site rocks.
Haha naw the one he put up was good
follow me on gif boom natalieeerose_ ill follow back :)
like the moon
seems like he has been gone longer than normal.
How does a #Marathon #Triathlon &/or #Cycling sound this morning!? Register for our upcoming fall events now! You won't regret it!
I can see my house from here.
...and don't think he realizes it ": Many women today fall in love with a man's $$ & confuses it for his heart.."
The measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy
I'm #hiking today.
#Glad to see you're so #popular on #twitter, Mark. Keep up the #good #work. We're #happy to be #publishing WHAT BEAUTY in March
Lmao! No sir! Not at all!!!
Please bring it tomorrow and then I'll leave u for ever!
Had great show last night! Thanks so much for all the love!
Just sitting here watching her waiting for da best day of her dam life.
Yes sir
yeah he pounds on my dad!!
rule. They just *do*. If you live in the MidAtlantic and are all about Apple and Mac stuff, they're all that & a bag 'o chips.
Any musicians out there? Finding a good site that allows you not only to share your music, but has a build in community, is very important.
Is it me... or does today seem super long?
Icing my face with a bag of frozen corn while singing: "nothing's fine I'm corn"...
: I don't get how someone can just wake up one day and all of their feelings for someone are gone.
I've unofficially decided to call it a wrap here. Next!
If Barbie were life-size, her measurements would be 39-23-33. She would stand seven feet, two inches tall. Wow that just killed myself image
I JUST SCREAMED LOLL! well montreal is waiting for you boys<3
Sign up for Voice of McDonalds
Working on "Leadership: The Master Plan" with Bob in our Southern Office.
": It is not the No. of friends you have but how much you talkwith them & them with you-several RTs R better than 7000 followers"
We ALWAYS welcome ammo RT: Filed story on Lott IMPACT Trophy luncheon. Big Ten fans I have some ammo for you to smack the SEC with
Jim Hughson is the gold standard for hockey announcers.
is my girl :) let's twerk it up all day today
Del Fuegos at flashback sure had some fun in the 80s - and now for that matter
I love BBCs Sherlock Holmes ... Not sure why I never watched it before.
I have heard it all now. “: makes me want a baby.... Ready to be a Dad”
Feeling is mutual! RT : Nice to meet you and hear Matt Howard and speak today!
At the library, hoping to find a place to live till I can get a job. Hope and Change bastard! Screw you!
i'm firewall!
Wow you are rockin the great buys! Love it!
Two more weeks and i can actually cut contact between us c:
I just saw myself in the documentary! For like a second! Ha!
Hi yep your totally right
How is identity a matter of life or death for many of our barrio youth?
Yep, it's for real.
Revolutionary Cleaning successfully removes obstructions and blockages to help your home dryer work more efficiently,
They don't call us stepchildren for nothing :)
"I DON'T GIV A FUCK ABOUT DISSING THESE FOOLS, CUZ' THEY ALL SCARED OF THE ICE CUBE"-ICE CUBE"THE NIGGA U' LOVE 2 HATE"
with 5 children adopted from foster homes, we face those tough questions often, especially since most are now grown
Should've hired a lawyer?
can you just give us each a ticket? And if we both show up, we both show up? I guess I can call him.
How do you not love it when KG knocks down a big shot and goes cussing all the way back down the court?
use of adderall with college students is big now. A lot of info out there, not sure if that's what you're looking for
I never thought my advisor would become a viral sensation.
nevermind...found it!
Great job Lincoln! Looks great.
I think EVERYone should have a mood ring
Sounds like a perfect celebration...I'll do this on Lake DuBay!
he is, though he doesn't go outside so he enjoys it through the screens.
And to you as well!
Follow your passion, there is dignity in all work, nothing is random. Yay!
the fact that make it or break it completely over <<<<<
Happy birthday (:
Gm text from him (: !!! Gm tweeps
sure. We will let know and he will be getting in touch with you
Happy Valentine's Day everyone! Spread the love EVERYDAY ;))))
There are times when I love my job & times it annoys the hell out of me, because it keeps me from writing. Still editing. Page 145 of 277.
Ima wear my apron a la Juanita, I think. Step one: Buy an apron.
I would like some more information please, getting ready to launch new site for internet marketing pros
Damn girl every updated picture better than the last. Waiting for your presence on my show. Did you like my work?
any hints for us lay-folk?
My cousin made them & I had leftover glaze from the coffee cake for Mothers' Day brunch.
Of course deserves a spot in the
Uhh no my flight from Portland was 2 hours delayed so I missed my connection, had to wait 3 hours in the airport
Just figured out that flickr only displays 90 seconds of video uploads. Crap. I was really liking using them. Now they are out.
Thanks for the RT, Coach:)
context: we were talking about footwear. Geeze.
If you want more hits, blow something up or use nudity.
Yea, Jefferson Lies is by a pseudo-historian and inaccurate. has an e-book coming out soon countering it.
Lmao This Nigga Said I Need To Grow Up. HAHA #StopIt! Nigga You Don't Even Know Me.
#Fact Girls say "Suck My Dick" more than boys do.
Happy Birthday to you!! Welcome to the 30 Club!!!
Having daddy heart in stepdad body-wouldn't wish it on worst enemy but wouldn't miss it 4 world if it meant not knowing my little girl.
30 days to Texas RoundUp and a step toward a healthier lifestyle! Family Mile or 5K. Join us for this Austin classic on April 28....
anytime before 10am or in the evening, glad you're thinking big!
okay ill try and help you best I can!
your the one dating Louis Tomlinson? Your beautiful(:
Lady Gaga! I'm tired of typing "The Edge of Glory" on YouTube!! For the love of flippin Gaga!!
Some guests prefer cool and some need extra warmth, be sure and have a spare blanket 4 them
everybody loves a Wisconsin girl!
Hey Evanna my cat Abby can do amazing Puss in boots eyes i will send them to you tomorow. Night NightXx
I wanna be his girl someday . <3
Is having a healthy museum good for the community? Better ?: how does a museum support quality of life in a community?
Ah! The package is in New Stanton, PA...come on package, you're so close!!
I'm back to being amused by these kids as they annoy the guy next to me.
Whew, ME3 was serious. Darn good ending. I guess there are six others to experience. I'm down.
This week's Bi-Weekly User Group featuring WCMS Features Overview will be held Friday, April 13, from 1p.m. - 2 p.m.!
Hanging 10' tall ceiling pendants today! And huge art! This home is starting its weekend early!
Mom: "I think molasses is slower than you. "
I want to meet She's seems really nice and cool. :]
4 flights of stairs to get to the 3rd floor?
We hope you had a great night! St-Germain & Champagne is a winning combo! Santé!
ADIDAS!!! ADIDAS!!! ADIDAS!!! WE HAVE THE HOTTEST LATEST STYLES COME SHOP WITH US AND GET THE GEAR HERE TO MATCH!!!! 4443 CANE RUN RD
Exactly! I think we are all a little bit. ; )
Facebook is really just a museum of failed relationships.
what sign looks luckiest to win?
checking on it.
Another crazy workout this morning. Feeling the endorphins flowing!!
Warren Buffet has all the respect from me in the world now. Stop Coddling the Super-Rich
are you sure you get it? do you? ya- a bit drawn out, easy go to line when busy though, lol.
i wish! but i gotta get back to work..i am coming for your big day though, only for your day can you believe it??
Happy MF Friday for me!
Bakersfield starts on a 8-0 run to begin Q3 and now lead 49-44
Pregame Speech number 3 is up. Except tonight will not be a "Miracle". We are going to do exactly what we know we are capable of.
JUST BOUGHT THE BEST SEATS TO SEE IN CONCERT FOR 2O13 ! OMGGOSHH <3333333
I have 2 bird nests in my backyard awning, its pick up the dead baby bird time of year.
I'm sorry that everyone is so jealous of you...but you can't help it that you're so popular.
whats the difference between peanut butter and jam
The 24th is coming up soon! Still finalizing camps.. 3 new camps scheduled today!
Thanks! Love your flow. Diggin' "Poetry in March"! Where you guys at? Don't forget us :)
whatd you do now ??
Losing at the Isles, being a lil too aggressive
they say dat the world is gonna end
Your desired leadership qualities: Empathy, financial common sense, approach-ability, & strategic thinking. Thank you for the input tweeps!
that got cancelled too, and I was supposed to go to six flags great adventure today but that was cancelled! i'm starting to see a pattern
Daily Special, Mon 04/02/12 - Country fried steak served w/ mashed potatoes & white pepper gravy, corn, and bread. While it lasts! $6.09 RT
But of course!
Reading about your One Woman show has inspired me to write my own! Thank you!!
evan turner what what
Just watched "The Letting Go" episode of PP. You made this grown ass man cry at a TV show, which I don't do. Whew! Brilliant
Oh, that must have been so much fun! I am jealous of both of you.
Can u act?
people used to think it prevented implantation. Scientific data doesn't support that. Learn biology stray.
do u do videos?
no one in this world knows me the way u do. hate how much<3 boy cant stand how much I need u(want choke u I hate how u do thing stay <3 u)
What time does the prsa event this morning actually start?
Congratulations to 2012 graduates: Tiffany, Jeremy, Rachel, Alaina, Alex, Sammi, Amy & Kent. Good luck!
at least Damion at pro dept was super cool today <3
We are thrilled to have won the GRAND JURY PRIZE film festival!
Can someone explain this "pintrest " thing?? Apparently I'm not hip...
Prof is asking for input on her pedagogy...
lol, well danm, you really had no choice, im sorry u had to run into a unfaithful ass nigga like me, AND THEN fell in love
Boehner bored, irritated, contemptuous and parched.
&#39;Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 Mini-Pro BLACK Android ...
take me with you!!!!
So addicted to Dr. Pepper.
I went through iFile and the icon is in there, and I also had the same exact problem with BlackHaz3.
Eww. RT Every time that song "Kiss Me" by Sixpence None the Richer plays, a chunk of my penis falls off.
Thanks for all the shout outs!
Who is the soloist on this version of the Rachmaninoff 3rd?
I like ISTE NETS. We have adapted this rubric that we found-evidence of learning in the 21st c. classroom. will find link.
hey bud
RT Having to ring the house phone when your in bed because someone down stairs is listening to some opera music proper ...
It depends on the height from which you jump.
I just wanna runaway from all this shit bro.
footloose :D
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, For the LORD your God is the one who goes with you to fight for you against your enemies to give...
I have seen and collected some of your work :) (social media "cards"). Nice stuff. And from
you're hilarious beautiful and caring. You have it all. I love your show btw :)
i love mfg bt when i have stuff mfg dont support me
why u in the hospital
not fatigued but I have been pacing myself as I want to be fully conscious at all times
Primary election day in #Wisconsin. Just put "I voted" sticker over front doorbell. If only there were an equivalent for our home phone.
We stopped at a Doublebee's gas station just outside of Little Rock and the van next to us is full of ferrets...
Feels cheesy like that commercial.. I volunteer blank something.
Lebron dunk was better than the flip!It was to sick yo!
Starbucks is the only place in Fillmore, CA where one can buy the WSJ...and the barista says I'm the only one who buys it
The key was simple,it's who u really r..
Ha! I love it!
RT Is tonight the night THE follows me?! After a year will it finally come true?! I hope...<3<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Half: Dallas 26-Southwestern 20. Getting stops on D (7 turkeys). Must work INSIDE/out on O. Take advantage of them playing behind in post!
RT : Landed in Vegas, ready to hit the circuit #Vegas <<REPRESENT WELL!
Hunger Games was awesome!!
Quvon's always talking shit. About me.
Girl ik how much u really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need u
Ready to talk ebooks in Deanza Three.
DIY hack uses Google Calendar to automate home heating system (video) - Engadget
Ready for breakfast
DC: Ward 5 we need THOMAS to represent! GRAY/BROWN/THOMAS.....LEADERS!!
Tight Santorum...please CNN, keep repeating this.
good morning jig
Don't wanna go to school
oh do you want the twitter bg white? haha
NHL: First-round preview: Rangers versus Senators Don't go to sleep on this Rangers-Sens series. It's going to be a great one.
#Seahawks sign Frank Omiyale or as Bears fans lovingly referred to him "Gate 68." So, uh, good for adding depth!
when you dont have a iphone and hit 160 characters on the dot >
Today's Google doodle is so pretty!
No surprise. Joe Maddon with a class gesture. He's the best.
Mrs farner was my summer school teacher back in the day and she had some sick whips, ya I use to be dumb
Thanks for coming to our class! Very sad, very enlightening. Tell Addie, thanks, also.
Great entrepreneurs are heat-seeking missiles: Always scanning the horizon for the target.
one more hour and im off!
Passing notes is so elementary school really people this is college lol yall make me laugh
Why cant I have one fucking good day...
Like Nd I'll Hit You Up?
that's just the Dark Lord being himself, welcome to the Dark side
I think Richard Marx is sleeping in this McDonalds.
apparently you've never been to Polyclinic Broadway.
Ihave no idea wtf im doing on here. :D #lost lmfao
Aw man, i gotta check in my savings but all my moneys in my checkings. i got you but it might take too long
Sarah morning....miss you :-)
Great call by the home plate ump. Humber deserves it after that performance.
come on, very few are heading to the exits. Take it easy on the O's.
We heard great things about the Mountain View Mayhem team, nice job guys!
But you guys are going to be so close to us next week! Just add a couple days and drive north. ;-)
and every person's threshold is different. what might be trauma to one person might be a tuesday to another.
Holy shit all time low is coming to miami!!! "MOM!"
Tonight's Foreign Film - VITUS (Swiss, 2006) at 7:30pm. This is one of the better films I've seen in the last few years...Don't miss it!
hahaha i suppose so :P
Stop coming into my room and talking to me. You're so annoying I cannot even handle
mining the files for data for the taxpersons. oh joy.
Btw... have you applied for #fitfluential? I think you would be a great addition!
Kickin this saturday off right
Finally catching up with the Bill Clinton documentary on PBS. I'd forgotten that in 1993 I had a crush on Dee Dee Myers.
samm text me! ur number got erased out of my phone wen i got a new one.
Only if you can get your sodas by pitching a strike with a rolled up sock.
just say SARAH and ROBERT just say
sleepy and whiney babies could make very effective interrogators
I heard you can get addicted to that stuff. I guess it does something to your nose to make you keep using it.
I'm ok. Managing... you?
Acupuncture office & herbal pharmacy now accepting credit cards!
we hope you two are having a wonderful time! Wish her a very Happy Birthday from us!
Gender and religious intolerance. Very provocative and legalese at the same time.
Its going to be a night full of Laughs! See you there! :-)
#LAMHarvard The job is encouraging use (and I think the motivation for LAM convergence-- follow the users).
Great question. Until we see their plan 4 moving forward/next season, it's a mute point. Balls in their court, again.
South Cali Represent. Forever Me. Adios to my true friend one day I'll be out of this bullshit but until then Adios I say.
will a vitamix change my smoothie loving life?
Update - Playing @ Trinity Church on Jackson Avenue in N.O. with my dad tonight 9pm!
hi Thomas <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> Thank you for always inspiring me so much! I Love you<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> without you I wouldn't be who I am today so thanks!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B>
the thought (dream) of coffee woke me up :P
You need to take some of that medicine!
Not going to lie - I don't really want to go to a StackOverflow meetup tomorrow that's 19 men and 1 woman (me).
Depends what you consider 'doing', but Boston is pretty small. I'm traveling a bit in June—what dates were you thinking?
thanks for the follow michelle
With Pep stepping down Aron Winter is SERIOUSLY concerned about his job.
keep tweeting lil bird....
Being the boss is treating you well!
eww homework lol. Where are you from? :)
Work tomorrow, need a good night sleep. See you all tomorrow. :)
Live your life in balance and stop trying to say what folks say you should be.
So this hoe , outta nowhere she messages me telling me to go over -.- WTF? I don't even know you. And i'm taken <3 bye! ^.^t
In just over two months I'll be chilling by the bay in San Francisco!! You have no idea how excited I am!!
As Joe Paterno laid in his hospital bed dying, Newt Gingrich paid him a visit to let him know that he was now a fan of Ohio State.
19 more school days until #summer ! Countingdown everyday now! :)
Listening to a guy tell the pilot of this flight that he's not planning on turning off his portable device.
I like your name
Hi Suzy..glad to see u join twitter! great nite at PinkSlip mixer in Danville. Give a shout out to
Ferret sitting for a friend this week. The slinky of the animal kingdom! Although she'll never admit it, I think my cat's made a new friend.
Its been so much fun in #Hartford this weekend. If anybody has any great pictures from the #SpringHomeShow send them on over!
I have a lot to say, it is just that most of it is spectacular and astounding!!
“: My prayers are with you Japan god blees those family of lost ones I know your sad”
Overslept by two hours this morning. Joined the A.M. newscast in progress. This is going to be a great day, isn't it?
I know I haven't see you for a while... Does that mean I'm out of the
RT "Enjoy the little things, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things."-Robert Brault
It's #FirstFriday. Come to and hang out to the sounds of DJ LadyFingers.
Tiered of talking cause y'all aint listening
Where there is peace, there is wisdom.
Heading to Philly this weekend. How is the bikeshare out there?
it was a bust week, I get it! Rest up!
i don't know cause the clock on my computer is set to LA time
Wendell Willkie~ The constitution does not provide for first and second class citizens.
is MALLET easy or hard to use?
Tough life, eh? ;) RT : *Groan* Still stuffed from a great lunch today. Next up? Sweet treats !
I wanna try some new recipes for hot wings
Still no replay on the Jenkins 3pt foul? Easily the worst call I've never gotten a 2nd look at.
How was the Refectory?
Imagine Austin briefing concludes.
address please :)
Just wrapped successful run of V. Room. Great experience with wonderful people both onstage and backstage!!!
31,007 at Marlins park tonight.
Lord I pray my brother makes it home safely and sound. <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
Lmfao my dad looks like a true Cv, he has on flip flops and a T with a Cv flag-___-
“: UNBELIEVABLE. Ten man QPR take the lead. No way. #SurvivalSunday” Love it!!!
Amazing night went out to dinner with 30 of my family members for my grams 81st birthday now time for bleach then bed <3
has lice.
Slut: I'm gonna f$&k that nerd! Nerd: You spelled- wait..what?!
Go to Greenpoint in Brookyn and get some awesome Polish food... pierogi or golombki. #skejidea Any recommendations out there?
just to remind everyone that the Power game is on uStream tonight
They went away for a reason. I promise.
No one can #savehackler if he dares to walk in tomorrow in a green #15 jersey. No place on my team for that!
I will. Haven't been there in almost 20 years. :-D
Off to see The Elephant Man for the 1st time - I can now call myself a true theatre studies major.
Damn that's how u feel... I'm older than u
Nothing worse than Aggies fans! So annoyed... Drink your drink and relax.
Lmao don't act like you didn't resign though :-p
'morning all. I just spent two hours editing /bin/pom.xml rather than /pom.xml - b/c I used the IDE's file finder.
definitely come to Honolulu for a visit. We could use a good BB party here.
#fridayfollow is so easy this week: My friend and newbie , my new friend , and Mr. Smooth
“: Lol having too much fun today.” yes lol
glad for #RGIII but not happy for my #DallasCowboys having to play him
Pumped up for tomorrow.
Ladies Free All Night!! #UNION Dubai Tonight
whatever I knew you'd stand me up. Have fun In Texas lol
MT : we watched the interrupters. After seeing it I look up to she is a great mentor doing an AWESOME JOB
The year 2000 was that year for NO music
Watched "Sleepover" for the 50th x it seems! Very relatable to my age :-) My friend & I are still obsessing over the curly hair!
whoops, did do booker, forgot to add that...
Pre-show "Happiness is a warm gun" and "Bulldog" proves of Montreal has their priorities in the right place.
I can't hang anymore. #ImGettingOld. ):
Letty's babysitter used to be Buffy Sante-Marie's bodyguard.
I unhacked it myself, but thanks
Today is #WineWednesday! Take $10 off all bottles, all night - even during happy hour!
Workouts are like brushing my teeth; I don’t think about them, I just do them. The decision has already been made. – Patti Sue Plumer,...
me too :( I swear, if I ever come to America, I'm gonna meet you, then we can go see him. <U+2665>
second, suppose that we perform a hypothesis test and fail to reject Ho. What have we learned?
M popsicle! I haven't had one since I was young. Reminds me of summer :-)
That doesnt sound good... o.O
Thank You sir
Super quick road trip to Chicago. Zoom, zoom!
Wiz Khalifa show sounding like its going hammer tonight.
What does everybody think about our video?
The spring season of trivia is starting at my bar. Team name ideas tweeps?
Good Afternoon. How are you? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Proposed policy in New York would now require people to provide proof they are #homeless in order to stay in the shelter....
ATLANTIC SALMON eggplant puree, seared greens, feta and sundried tomato dressing
Happy New Years!!!
haha! Thanks for the advice bub!
Evening Jazz ON-AIR Now til 1am ET. Sheila Anderson co-hosting. We're raising $CASH$ FOR JAZZ on Jazz 88 &
piersmorgan Watch and his #FoodRevolution at 8pm on ABC - important show.
looks like Oscar will have some roommates.
Good Morning people
im sick dude :(
62 days between tweets. You can do better Jessica! :)
Ouch, those were some expensive flowers. This had better buy me some major long-term grief relief.
Just got home...let me get the kids to bed & then I'll send some very rough drafts your way.
young matthew I would love to!!
“: When u pour cereal into your bowl and open your fridge to no milk!! Grrrr!”<~Dizzam! see you at work later looking hungry
Great workout tonight ~ love !
RT FRI MAY 25TH ITS THE "ADIDAS" PARTY @ THE GALLERY LOUNGE IN THE "BX" FT N MORE DJAYING B
": I took my dog to the Vet today for a checkup. He's still a dog."
Shout out to in 's social media for B2B presentation. Thanks Bryan!
i feel like dying on my computer desk...dont judge me im tired
If you are looking for some amazing art, please check out our friends at www.wallartdecorstore.com. Eye Catching!
oh ok
Ugh, this Taylor Swift song can't end soon enough.
Love ya Sami! :)
Ha! I can't wait to share that quote with my fellow co-workers.
RT : #FF 2R AMAZING coaches and more to come!!!
We need to all get together in 1 year. Beirut? Malta? Cyprus?
were getting a guy named Stewie.
RT if we need both inventors and entrepreneurs to bring forth innovation, we need better matchmaking> True
I don't need all the lovey dovey bullshit. I need something real.
So... What is your basis for truth? For it to be a valid basis of truth, doesn't it have to be true no matter what... not situational??
Just had some really good #BBQ for lunch at Branding Iron BBQ in Harrisonville. Definitely get the Pit Beans!
i love <3
i was like 10minutes late for it, I tried to do playback but the option wasnt there :'( fuuuuuuck
Introduced some community docents to storytelling. Had a library show no one showed for. Attended a great Wellness Forum in Long Beach. FUN!
Doing a chemistry lab with and
#TheresNoExcuseFor you to hate me when your dont even know me! It's just mean okay..
Playing the tower bar tonight (sunset towers), in duo with Gordon Bash. 7:30.
The strongest tremor in Japan today occurred in Ibaraki during my farewell party... felt right.
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Pittsburgh! Check out the Buckley Guitar!
Yes, yes I am recording the KCA's just to see & & &
Want sum bdubs
think I finally went to bed at 4am. I'm usually getting up at that time.
Dumb ass <3
I would like to strangle IE with ties
I know it was a long shot but I would've liked Barron on the Pack
Red eyes and three feet tall, eh?
So I feel off a bridge into the mud today.
I really want some mint chocolate chip ice cream right about now!
guess so. I live in tn. They've always been My fav team. One of the more traditional teams
My Tumblr right now, it is just..... dirty.
It was a brief but incredible 3 seconds of my life haha
your welcome! I should work for
If you jump I will jump too, we will fall together, from the buildings ledge never looking back at what we've done.
stand living near a big natural gas stinker like that. I'd have a constant headache. I seriously hope there were nohouses near
see u soon! Weh u deh?
1/2 of our new album is written and the demos are done. We are getting amped to record this one.
That's a beautiful picture!!
you , sir , are a sad cunt .
I may have questions... 's mention of your model has me very intrigued! I may want to help out...
I love how GOPers complain Obama does TV shows. Never heard them complain when Nixon said "Here comes the judge" on Laugh In.
Love the hair!
2 be honest I knew all along... I want so bad to please Him that I'm like a bloodhound I will go hard & then keep going Continued next tweet
You'll do great! Break a leg and Good Luck with the Presentation. Turn on your charm and you will woo the crowd :)
offering up great Wednesday night specials: $2 U-Call it Well Drinks, $8 Lg Pitchers of Sam Adams and $1.50 Bottles of PBR
omg driving is scary
I feel like im just gonna waste my time again, that's how it always goes, I only hope that you can be the first to prove me wrong.
The the "library as kitchen" metaphor at #ebooksummit was from Aaron Schmidt on the Ebooks and the Lib User X panel (3 pm)
TOUCHDOWN YEA YEA WE WAS PLAYIN NOW WE BOUT TO GIVE THEM THE BUSINESS
aww thanks lady!
Can't wait for Power Alley on Wednesday on , my favorite player in baseball joins and Kevin Kennedy
I'm well. Just tired. Night
please follow me Miranda! I'm a huge fan! =)
I got him and Dullahan.
hate is just a strong word for love
Yo has to be one of the sexiest woman to me if not the sexiest!!
#uCantBeToughAndSay I love you..
I say that daily. "Better have my mon-nay. My pimp hand is strong!"
lmao thanks for the reminder
Love -- neat space, great interpretation. Especially the Econ-101-in-a-model.
Goodnight Don't get too high lol <3
is the show on Friday, or just rehearsal? Because I'm here till Sunday!
I watched mission impossible last night.. I must say, Tom cruise is very attractive.
thanks guys. you're the best! ^ag
The Last Words of Steve Jobs
Hanging with my friends
me me me! Not sure what to expect...but it sounds cool.
RT : Just got offstage with Rascal Flatts. They really kept up! They really did!
at CUNY has served nearly 19,000 students in less than 3 years connecting them to $36M in benefits and services! Wow
Lost my love .....always and forever love u Russell j setum
Hanging with @ Too many ?
Having a huge urge to online shop. Must. Resist. Temptation.
You are going to be AMAZING!
how many are there?
"We have a culture problem, not an education problem." Standing ovation for Dean Kamen. Highlight of
After 24 full hours of travel, we have arrived in India safe and sound ... The coolest part?
6 more outs!
Thanks for the RTs!
Holy cow, Rocking Frog on Belmont has the cozy hideaway from the rain vibe down to a T today. Nobody take note of that and come to ruin it!
Finally signing up for a Pinterest account so I can comment on the slight misspelling of my name on the #mlanet12 board. :D
#WhyDoiAlways say I'm going to get off twitter to go to bed but never do until like an hour later?
Pork belly & rib tips were both amazing. Polrk belly served w/a mushroom suace that may have been the best I've ever had.
At rush hour downtown not a good idea to walk 5 people deep on the sidewalk #Idiot tourists
A religious person looks for everything a human can do wrong, a regenerated person looks for everything they can do right.
im looking to hire for a few different positions!
Movie night with the sis ~ 'We Bought a Zoo' is such a sweet movie.
Matthew wants me to go for a walk with him . (:
Robert! Thank you so much for the kind mention! We are always happy to provide you quality skin care services.
Waiting at cvs to get meds!
Sent you some fire by my artist esp the "Lavender Dreams" joint
did you help out the Hecht family tonight with the search?
WHY DIE RICH, with so many POOR OUT THERE???? Share the wealth for real....life's to short!
Come Monday, I'll be working at Goodby!
Knicks in for trouble today
I'm not hard to please. I don't ask a lot, but it seems like I'll never get to 50 followers! Hoping to hit 100 before Christmas.
thanks for the follow! How are things?
So you think you can Dance... Prob wont last another season. Getting monotonous already. Geez!
New year, crooked tree, yirgacheffe,
your in my prayers !
Eva Since I Got Brick Fair I Neva Look Back There...
My nigga, I'm faded.
twitter is a huge pool of people who are doing things. i love it.
(personally this hits very home for me & I'm at a loss for words…)
I am so happy to hear that you like it!
All seven million of the world's population watch on as Wikipedia goes black today.
In the fast-paced world of business, fun and work often seem to be an oxymoron. Fun should be part of an organization’s overall strategy.-JW
Got a box of deliciousness from today - tweedy teal wool/silk/cashmere. I'm going to have so much fun "helping" with this one.
Testicles. That is all.
I help aspiring #entrepreneurs turn their hobby into a viable, profitable business.
I love MJ's stuff. he's awesome!
"The poet doesn't invent. He listens." - Jean Cocteau
Good night everyone and sweet dreams Tomorrow one day better what today I'm going to sleep bye hasta mañana
: worth pushing back agnst the "wooing the youth" line on edu loans. College is a common good. All should be in favor, IMHO.
thanks buddy. I'm gonna try and not submit for a while and just work on reading and writing.
me too
The heist is going down! Be sure to get your 'bleu clue' at the door. Be a part of solving the mystery! Rat pack party!
She does that too.
There's always that one teacher who you just want to strangle...
your tweets completely make my day!
Bang Bang!
I would be that son of a bitch smh
both poverty and riches are the offspring of thought by Napoleon Hill
SC: Barbeque. FL: Early Bird Dinner.
9 days! Excited to meet artists, designers, thinkers & doers at The M! Who? We're the sunny side up design lecture series!
Hello world =)
I can never sleep if I don't go to cheer on Sundays!!
Prop shopping on Stupid. :P
Also, is about to send me into a complete ragestroke as well so. I'm with you.
increases their Gogo inflight service 50%. Now close to $18 bucks to get on line in the air.
Trying to catch up to everyone on "Draw something" id a bitch! Lmao
#Bulls have won 3 times @ home, in 1992, 1996 and 1997. #Trivia starts at 6pm.
Congrats for the beautiful float. So happy I was a small part of it.
selena yuh an amzin actor singer i luv yuh yur my idol my role my whole world it wil lmake my dream come true if yuh followed %
you scared me girl! lol
"It's ok to give; Obama is now president." -- breakdancing kid on the Q train
My trip to the chiropractor coincided with funeral procession for APD officer killed this week. Super depressing.
lucky you. but i get out early to go to the elementary school so it wont be that bad. have you fell on the crutches yet? haha
No wonder im not feeling to great after practicing 3 h in the smoke. Air quality status changed to red = do not go outside for too long
Just sent the NDA's to my people. About to make this TV & Film thing a reality. CW STUDIOS ATL about to go GLOBAL
always showing Ct love respect it
Leaving Dallas. Love hearing these guys say QB1 is the best in the league.
We're sold out for the day!
Ooh ooh I wanna be Lady Deathstrike and played by Kelly Hu!
I feel overpromised and underserved today. Wait, did Obama pay me a visit?
Nice day for UB40.
Good things are happening Looking forward to visiting soon.
i do duh play duh game when i seet down...
Gettin off work early today.......
Ran into a nigga that had to be from Detroit....he just said what up doe.....guess he seen my tigers fitted
Rest in peace Steve Jobs. A great visionary and entrepreneur! The world is better because of the #Apple you bit.
Happy Easter Everyone! Have A Blessed Day xoxoxoxo
But can $ prevail over good sense. We are 50/50 where I live.I don't know about the west but AD is bad,
"SEVEN FOOT TEN. YOU'RE A MORON, CRIMSON"
thankyouu:) I want to change it tho ive had it for soo long I like yours too haha
I just heard you got into Columbia Jschool, congratulations!
Then why not lobby to improve the playing conditions regardless of color? Hard to take Nadal seriously
Yes it will, have fun! RT Heading to the Bulls game tonight.
Yeah buddy! I got a STRIKE! :)
Best way to celebrate a presentation well done-in NYC for the weekend, meeting up with #BC besties in 1 hour!!
just read they're opening a Melt in Mentor in October..start fasting now
Thank you for following
Jus waking up good morning peeps
Who's in NYC right now?
Dude, you OWNED that show tonight. Congrats.
Hopefully getting a job! Hooray for graduating !
One night in Bangkok makes the hard man humble....
Don't understand why some people play on there DS at school.
"Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
I'll be waiting for you in Fay, bestie. (:
Getting ready for live tweeting day 2 of our annual conference. Join the conversatoin using hashtag
Oh please explain that to my daughter :)
BLESSED LOVE
Ugh im done with this y do i even try i get my hopes up an u crush them every time
RT I am looking for an old, possibly dilapidated, house to shoot a scene for a music video. Does anyone in Nashville have
I will stop at nothing to see in Indiana 6/15 and do drugs with him.
“: just let your soul glow!” preach
& didn't know I was gluten intolerant until I eliminated for a while, then cheated w/ it on occasion-getting sick every time
Change Puzzle Experience Workshop running today! Promises to be a highly involving day #change #extended #learning # training
yoyoyo my name is joe!!!!! tee hee
feed him some blue cheese for me :-) “: Last dinner with Heath before he moves, I'm probably going to cry.”
Do porn stars get turned on watching flicks they've starred in and is that narcissism or just a natural reaction to porn?
oh I see, with a capital P.
thanks - we always enjoy your questions, comments and RTs on #SommChat:) have a great
yeah I think I watch too much American television lol
thanks for the retweet!
Thanks! I'm anxious to begin work w/this D.C. client! : Looking forward to the announcement!
yes! I'm there til Sunday or Monday this time
Watching Howls Moving Castle with the girls-- a holiday tradition. Love Miyazaki!
thank you!
So that's a yes? Haha, ah! I'll look like a dork, but okay :P
Nailed it.
WHERE THE FACK ARE YOU
....you finally beat me, for ONCE...
..and my 8 yr old actually asks to play Scrabble! I aslo am beyond addicted to Rummikub (did I spell that right?) I crazed!
: that's the point, right? Is the glass half full of half empty?
As a Ravens fan I respectfully ask - what's your logic behind your predictions? You really think Harbs won't have his guys ready?
lol I know -.- maybe mr Howell will be so blinded by our awesomeness that he lets us leave
the scraping of those shovels may have been worst!
Confit Pork Baguette -- Pickled slaw/ toasted peanut/ mustard aioli
1:22 in the video. I see what y'all did there. She has the song "Not Your Cinderella". You guys are clever
drooling over that RED Scarlet camera i'm looking to rent for the field....
I love that hard core equality stuff anti-privilege anti-racism, just categorize and separate more from what I see.
$12 for $24 Worth of Custom Framing at Fine Posters and Prints in Madison. www.dealoria.com
I love it how Michael Douglas says "picture" instead of movie. Plus, best hair of the night!
Your welcome!!:)
awww, your making me blush. Oh, make sure your hydrated before workouts, it helps too!
lmaooo sadly i smell no bullshit
I would cept I just ate it all.
see ya later!
shotgun: check! ; )
": For Booking & Info "
Throw ya hands in the air if youz a true playaaaa loll
true story! :)
#thatawkwardmoment when alicia wolfe and sam nelms come into
I heard a rumor that a certain #chokers fan said he would be a #RAIDER fan if #chokers move to L.A.?
discipline your kids so others won't have to.
For teachers to be better teachers they must first become better Learners. Wise thinking via
we've already eaten. :)
I absolutely hate snakes ruined my entire nature run <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+008D><U+274C>
ready to stay home
Kids are like spies this time of year. Your mission is to hide the presents.
": I guess ill just smoke and tweet tu I fall asleep #RealTalk"aww buddie u can call
I wanna do a track with Tego Calderon and Andre 3K , that shit would be crazy.
I'm shooting with John Fullbright tonight. I'm excited to capture the sounds of this elusive folkie.
bring some of that Vermont Heady Topper or don't show at all
I just watched it a few months ago! So good. So, so good.
Take it or Leave It, I Gotta Feed The Fish.
So confused don't where to go wanna see him but then I can't I have some where else to go fudge don't now what to do :(
Your craft will never be perfected when there's room for improvement, and there's ALWAYS room for improvement. Perfection is nonexistent.
oh I gotcha well you should hit me up this summer or something
well. It's whatever you wanna do! :)
That's incredible!! Enjoy, Brett!
It's change my life in that I get overwhelming support on my work and really inspiring messages from followers/readers
Thanks Diane! We had a great time and appreciate the your partnership!
Hopefully booing fans is enough to bring this defense to life.
On the way to the gym.... (with one eye open)
#April19thDareDayQuestion would you get your nipples pierced if someone paid you $100 to do so?
#sxsw Attending Brand as Patterns. The digital age requires a new look at how brands now must be interactive and dynamic.
My mom is getting an iPhone today. Now everyone in the fam has one. We are to cool.
Finally gonna get some rest :o
I love High School
Congratulations to Karen Russell for winning the NYPL's Young Lions Fiction Award, for "Swamplandia!."
Northbound can kiss my ass right now. Hello Beverly Glen!
Yeah, exactly.
that's something your character on #ShakeItUp would wear!! Lol (:
continuing education instructors needed, please go to www.coecontinuingeducation.com to apply
wow! I got really excited when I saw your name as a follower! What is your all time favorite song you recorded and y?
You guys should just post what cover is for the rest of the week so people quit asking
#FF #FollowFriday RT : Sometimes I just feel like giving Lindsay Lohan a real stern talking to.
Yes what a great day!! So much talent!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NICK!!! *<):0)
when will you text me? i want you to text me
will not succumb to this cold!
I'M GOING TO NICKI MINAJ'S PINK FRIDAY TOUR ON JULY 16 AT THE CHICAGO THEATER!!! :DD
PM is not well enough 2 start as head QB it was just 2 boost ticket sale and 4 the big agent paid off!!
Awesome! Thanks!
I cannot stand pot heads that brag about getting high. Glad I don't smoke.
It's always
And now, an experiment in going off the grid!
If only we could all drive Mario Karts around town!
Nora, if you keep clicking, through you get to the cake... it looks delicious!
Ahh the smell of new jeans
Couples who don't have a TV in the bedroom have 50 percent more sex than couples who watch the tube in bed.
": real nigga shit lmfao you slow" aha just slow for that second lmao
thank you both! means a lot!!!!
Community Mortgage has been serving Indiana home buyers for 29 years. FHA/VA/Conventional and USDA loans, 877-829-7161 Indiana lender
lol so wat Idc u just gon make fun of her anyways lol wait I think it's Sunday not Friday lol
Not online but we can do one next time we do a custom order. Which design were you looking to get?
So many service tickets...so little time.
Who is the best rock artist of all time?
Whenever I'm down, I just listen to Ari's songs or watch videos of her.. It brightens up my mood & makes me so happy. <3 Omg. I love her.
The kids eat free on Tuesdays!
OSHA Fines Company for Grain Dust Explosion That Killed 6 - In These Times
I think some ppl say "I'll call u back later" automatically at the end of every conversation. I always just assume they won't.
all dressed for this interview; now just killing time.
Waited on Fred Savage :)
For being as drunk as I was last night, I felt great this morning.
The Miz makes a great Jobber. Is he gone yet?!
“ #Leo's best bet for marriage: #Aquarius”
Two things put a strain on the heart... running up stairs and running down people.
Good game tonight your squad looked good
we feel so proud & blessed to have known you -- your contributions to our city have been nothing short of brilliant. RIP <3
I love sitting there with him <3
miss u already! Come back soon!!
Our Hero knows all the lyrics to the "Napa Know How" song...just like the rest of us.
Move in silence like a GIF.
#NF I didn't know she had a twitter, she was basically the soundtrack to my teens! #CrazyLuv4Her #inspiration <U+270C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
What does music do for you?
apologies for my last tweet. I think CS Lewis said something about sarcasm being lowest form of humor.
so ready to get outta my house tomorrow. its gonna be awesome. this weekend at
You're in for DON'T DRINK IT FAST.
getting ready to go to the gym, what you doing ?
oh ok cool
locations and dates
it is still red, just cut straight bangs. They will have to grow on me. Looked better in my mind
i love how i can just bag a dudes number lmao 2 in one day =] yeahh the old christina is back =]
I was just listening to that song :x
most people are not doing enough link building
oh for a second I died.
Our Mobile Adoption Unit will be at Barnes & Noble today from 10 - 2! 3701-A Ellison Drive NW
Obama is such a "Chow" hound!
Why is nobody doing ntn on a Friday night?
Psyched to see Etgar Keret and tonight. Those two make the perfect marriage. That's why the venue is where I got hitched.
No, I don't either.
boo. Going to head over to the AT&T center for a 2011 politics forum at 3:30. Having coffee on the back porch right now.
loll bed
Thanks for the RT!
Martin & jeter walk.
My miller-drinking ladyfriend favored the honey wheat. Good stuff indeed!
baby you light up my world like nobody else
Taking my movement to the next level
we don't manage node.js hosting, but you can integrate it from your own server.
lol I love that song too
I ate a salad and (huge) bread roll for dinner. Now feeling way overstuffed like I ate a whole pizza or something.
RT : Just past my English exam
When I wake up early I like to watch the today show because it reminds me of the good ole days getting ready for school and eating breakfast
My dumbass still hasnt learned from mistakes I've made .
Because you watched that live.
don't know how I'm going to be able to sleep tonight... way too #excited for the concert tomorrow! #longoverdue <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8>
Agreed! RT - Just hope #dpla won't have same effect on Main streets of America as has Walmart
I'm sexy and I know it
I wish I had the balls too cutt off my hair like haha I'm too scared tho -___-
Lee DeWyze was grossly overrated and over-pimped tonight. Casey and Crystal blew it out the box!
Taylor Swift.....
Come out 2nite -> at 8pm - $5 cover - Live music, Art, & "care-give share" table !
Handy isn't it?
thanks bro.
Try these wings today that my friend is so adamant about me getting. As much as I love hot wings that better be good or its his a**.
I'm now your down-the-street neighbor at 156 Second St. :) We're throwing a party Monday night at 6-9. Come by. Bigger than Vegas.
Happy birthday!!!
welcome to twitter! ATT uverse please!!!! do u know if u will be streamed like ESPN3? or maybe on ESPN3?
Get ready World!
get them to do it with you!
Cats why is it #monday make it end already
not just football which my personal blog is based on
they got cells/BunkBeds/Bars exactly like the holocaust there saying there will be a new genoside! Its trippy AF man
No Open ears tonight: TV show shooting in the club. Be back next week,
yes! Dying to shoot with u and for hair! Xoxo
Honesty. the most thing in the relationship you need.
wat is this?
lol I know! I was on my way to house haha :)
rereading last tweet and discovered it's a bad example of Kentucky grammar. Sorry!
#chulavista 2010 City Atty candidate Faigan should have done like Bob Castaneda & and just rented a CV place. Maybe next time
But for now..I will watch the mainstream beef..and be thankful I am not in this mess.
This pic is making an appearance in my post-conference presentation to my team, btw.
I AM NOW
“: I Love You, Man is on and Segal just said it." They better pay Madea royalties. Haha
ah well you know hahha
Are we human or are we dancer playing at good brews
Very true. You think Marcum trade was worth it? Short term and/or long term?
Fog in our western counties. Visibility near 2mi or less so not too bad yet.
#Giro Classic commentary by the guys from the Gazzetta, measuring caloric intake in plates of pasta, of course.
I'm Jill, temporary reference librarian at a community college.
Support Enact the Buffet Rule! Millionaries should have to pay their fair share of taxes Their tax breaks have not created jobs
“: #Aries have an ambitious streak. Sometimes one person just isn’t enough but two or three will work out just fine.”
Funny how Laker fans were flooding my TL the other day, now they're quiet as <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Father barred from seeing his premature twins cuz jayzs security cleared him out of waiting area. get over yourself jayz. Selfishness sucks
NEW SHOW! Scream It Like You Mean It Tour: Breathe Carolina, Chiodos, I See Stars, The Color Morale, Tek-One, The Air I Breathe. July 30!
Thank you!!
Audition done. Now u get to enjoy this beautiful day.
Thank you! Learning from the best! xoxo
Bronchitis may be the most effective and most expensive diet I've ever been on.
. everything tastes good with Burger King Mayo sauce, dum-dum.
1940- The first #Nylon stockings go on sale in the US.
Why yes I was born this way.
I rather eat broken glass than get a "Call Me", text message.
Thx! MT Dietrich's hypercities project on mapping location of new LA football stadium against 1930s bank lending maps fascinating
thanks! It's literally THE hardest thing I've ever done
OMG AHAHHHAHAHAHAHHAHAH IM DEAD JUSTIN I LOVE YOU OMG
right there with ya !
RT : I still want a Metta World Peace jersey | Do we have to rename it to Metta World Elbow??
Forming a Joyce Circle in Raleigh to read Ulysses beginning on Bloomsday. We'll meet at a pub certainly. ~Don
#BoiseSOC Bieter: The Simplot family has given the OK to move forward with Esther Simplot Park and will fund construction of the park.
For the second straight day, I managed to spill food on myself at lunch. You can't take me anywhere.
RT : To be able to disagree with someone & still Love them is the highest form of Loving.
thanks for the info! :)
Nothing like a Brad Pitt movie playing in the green room while I stuff my face full of chicken wings and fries.
Lark Vorhees will haunt my dreams. instead of Jason Vorhees *shudders*
Happy Monday! Wake up with the ! Enjoy the warmth today!
That's sweet of you. I have an outfit on order for Cami, but it's not here yet. :)
so fun but I'm ready to come home
Whats up for the weekend..oh yeah the ho down or whatever lol
why is a blonde like a doorknob? 'cause everyone get's a turn! cum take your turn with this blonde right now 4 a show you won't soon forget!
Bravo, Grayson! That's fantastic!!
Tip of the day: "Nothing good can happen if no one's working on it." Motivation can be hard to keep, but it's your key to
Doin my hair for this party tonight lol i find it funny how is getting her hair done too! Oh wait! TWIN MODE!!
So hungry. Waiting for my food to get here
ha if you bought a hat you can get a free shirt lol, shipping is more for the hat that's the only reason why.
One more audition to closeout the week! Then awaiting the arrival of the TX Hobbs for their spring break visit!
wished every guy learned from you
Our Temporary division is just as important as our Direct Hire division.
RT : Remeber that failure is an event, not a person. -- Zig Ziglar
RT “: Either I'm always hungry or I'm always bored..”// I'm the same way!
slumdog millionaire dad arrested for trying to sell his daughter... next up
Should our committment/passion drive us together without clock watching?
you are too cute love the suspenders (:
Home opener update: sounds like we'll be lucky if we get to 50. Sunny and breezy. Lots of tix left on Twins website. Many cheapys on stubhub
Chillin hard with . This dude is passed the fugg out
Fascinating RT : STS-1 & 2 had the External Tank painted white.STS-3 was the first to fly without that 800 pounds of white paint
Yes! I love Venice! Let's get rastafarian hair wraps and henna tattoos. :)
el oh el.
at the airport right now, NYC here we come baby!
Good day summer, hello new syllabi
Watching American Idol hope thier dream come true!!!!
Thanks for sharing Chris. It's important to note making a case that groups are better than pages.
is it possible to cry so much ya run out of tears ???
Should I go see Youth Lagoon tonight or not?
Where are you?
Agree FL has been good to EKU good to hear, Kidd brought me up from FL and I'm sure there are kids that would do well..
thank you, thank you very much.
Your amazing , your gonna do it, and your heart is gonna grow x 3257806! Love you
Natalie - "my shirt looks manly because I like manly things. I like to play with tonka trucks."
says she reached out to #Mormons in #Arizona when working to recall Russell Pearce after
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to possibly send to the Super Bowl to promote the stock market of sports.
"Ways to defend Jeremy Lin"
A Theme of Their Own #drupalfilms "There's no crying in Drupal"
Great question at the EdCom board mtng: first came collect & preserve, then present & interpret, what's next? ENGAGE!
There are so many trolls on #TheVoice :P
I totally am a boobylicious waitress on #GCB! I better have that job back ;) come back GCB!!!
If u do u can get hurt bad trust me and it will kill u just wait till u get the right one follow my plz Austin <3
If u like me u should maybe ask me out!
At least the #Lions aren't paying Calvin Johnson
okay girls<U+2665>
Taylor! You need to get on this Twitter thing more often!
All jokes aside, Denver played extremely tough. I knew it was going to be brutal but not this tough. I had Lakers in 6.
On the freeway back home c:
Finally sorting through my birthday stuff. What sort of memo do you write on a frog memo pad? "I say, DO remember to croak"?
Im live on U-Stream t.v. radio
Our gift card winners are LAURA LEWIS and LAUREN NIEHOFF. Congratulations!
I cannot honestly say that there is a food I hate intensely with the notable exception of mayonnaise.
Next High Brour: The Thunder Round returns!
awesome! You taking it?
uhm i think my twitter was hacked i definitely didn't win $762 today.
Big day tomorrow, I'm really looking forward to startig at !
Is rimming the new 69?
Ah... "Event Ahead"... That explains it...
your welcome(: <3
Nirvana Spa Package - $38. - With this deal, you can pamper yourself with their 90-minute aromatherapy massage and salt glow. They...
so long have a good summer you will be missed
I told myself to stop but I keep messing up
are you being sarcastic? I cant even tell.
Netflix is the greatest thing ever created
#SheWontTakeYouSeriouslyIf You use wack ass pick up lines.
Just clicked 2009 on my FB timeline and reread an old status. Apparently I was one of those people who have internet arguments!
anyone else LOVE maroon 5's new song: pay phone?
which question?
<3 i guess other ICONiacs fight , not me lol hear that Madison ? (:
When was the last time 3 teams from the same town on the same night all took home the win?
My dad got everyone's lsl card, but mine.
you're on the list! Thanks for the support fam.
he could do me
Change in education not about iPad apps, but engaging the kids - Kalimah Priforce, Qeyno Labs
Skyway Accident Involves Police Car
The negative thoughts get to me
One thing I am learing on my Christian journey, God must be trusted even when he can't be tracked!
Clearly you're invited to WarRoom. Would love to see your full mock draft. RT i would tell them to draft me personal masseuse
Ah, that explains why no one was home when I called earlier. Hope it stays routine today.
Today's schedule: STL (study, tan, laundry)
not a hard game if you're looking at us today.
oh i was like... "tf? is she saying her mom thinks we're gonna throw wet noodles at her again?"
New RIM CEO is from Germany.
Soon we will be removing the current songs & posting our studio recorded songs. Last chance to download current songs. TY for enjoying them!
people are fucking shady.
You know, if is the 500lb. gorilla, then I'm Godzilla ..... I hope Dennis doesn't hear this.
mixing 's upcoming Christmas single...just wait till you hear this one!
They are having a woot-off right now. Its horrible for the wallet. New wine comes up about every hour
Merry never quite succeeds in throwing off his Mancunian accent, just as Pippin is pure Glaswegian
That is funny! Thanks for the lift!
already damn, what happened
I would constantly live in a world of darkness
Join us The Tavern for the Nuggets game! Go Nuggets Beat LA!
I just noticed totally recycled her verse from "fuck u silly" & put it in "whip it"
-word on the street is is making #49 again this year- Look 4 it! :-) thanks for the support btw! Stop back soon!
Rosemarie is back . NO
s/o to my other new follower :)
What goes into an effort rubric? Is any content or skill measured?
Tryn to find sum to get in to
love u to
All of Hinder's newest songs sound the same..
i dont like to use pronunciation just because I know it pisses you off hope all is well with the new job buddy have fun meow
- Detroit! Who is coming to visit us today?!
Would you like to start your jail sentence on April 20th? Umm no I have "Joint" committee thing soo I cant!.
enjoy the campus visit back at alma mater
lol i kid you not, cant make that up
Had a fab meeting w/ & today! I think will be producing lots of fun this year.
will you come to Hong Kong?Hong Kong selenators will wait for you!!!
Relax, I just wanted to sound gangster for a second lmfaooo
sup lil bro! Wow wut a gr8 pic of u n moms! Can u email me tht?
Make the girl 16 and you've got a story.
Hoping I don't get into an argument this time with the parking attendant at school about what a "loading zone" is.
I'm not funny . I'm just mean and people think I'm joking .
Time to break away from Twitter to work on #poem and post revisions
“We are all worms, But I do believe that I am a glow worm."
RT : Just realized I had dinner @ the place where Harvey Dent capped that dirty cop in The Dark Knight. The ribs were delicious.
skirt steak with braided asparagus, potatoes and an unreal aged tomato reduction...but everything was out of this world!
I think.
Happy Birthday to Andy Hardie! To the man with all the common sense in the world and who taught me to whistle to every song ever made!
BREAKFAST TIME!!!!!!!! Yes I know its 2pm. #LoveIt!
Aghh I keep forgetting to hit save on garageband.
That is too funny!!
my physical therapist may not be plotting to kill me, but she definitely knows how to put me in pain. meow
It was just a good night tonight:)
This is funny...
Directionators: "They're sweet, nice, cute guys." Directioners: "They're 5 homosexual sex gods, who are idiots & weird."
I'm here now!
You are? RT : Are you down? Im down.
Victoria's Secret smells like a nest of strippers.
<---This guy is beyond fascinating. Has the entire #HIMC group captivated.
I honestly don't know where to start so much foolery was said its mind blowing
Both! ": what's the difference b/w #ISNgen and #ISconf? Which tag should I follow?"
Someone take me to buy makeup
good morning sexci :)
I Can't Take This Shit Nomo Man Fareal.!!!!!
In this tug of war, you'll always win
Thank you Mary Lou Lyden of Keller Wiiliams. Another Section 184 Native American home loan successfully closed with a 541 credit score.
know what's even better than late night pizza? Cold pizza for BREAKFAST!
It is time for a new movement. Occupy
get me one too.
HOP is a sweet #family movie for all if us.
It's not loading at all matey
#Ravens take S Christian Thompson, South Carolina State
lmmfao too funny
madison likes the word beautiful.
omg atleast your getting paid
missing #Midnite-spending the night in grant deadline hell, while watching Ip Man yet again (so many times that my Cantonese is strong, son)
you didn't miss anything :(
(B4INDIY), thanks for following us on Twitter!
gym closed tomorrow, felt good gettin shoulders and back in today.
u shoullda seen ur face before...bright red lmao
Giving out CDs of my new hip-hop and house mix 2nyt @ RELIC...
Nah! Call it like I see it!
Wanna play black magic?
Not really
So happy for good friends :)
me too! hey, have you heard of ? I'd love to interview you for their #cascadingconversations tour.
Wait, where you say you been, who you been with, where you say your going, who you going with.
Thanks for following us, look forward to your news and updates!
Wanna know a secret? Somebody out there can't stop thinking about you. You are beautiful. Don't ever believe differently. :)
all i want is well i dnt kno ugh wtf going o with me
- Hahaha. Yeah, especially since you're used to a time zone that's later than ours. Hahaha.
ill give you one, can u have a shutout please<3
things are pretty open except for Sunday. When are you arriving??
wish there were more opportunities 2 examine plays this way w/o burden of yes/no. Niche btw academix+journ
Sometimes it's shameful to think I have a fitness blog.
You LOOK fabulous and you ARE seriously PUNK ROCK funny!! thanks for keeping us ALL smiling!
Why are people so fckn disgusting? Taking your shoes & socks off, then removing the lint from between your toes? IT'S THE FCKN LIBRARY! UGH.
I snuck into the Staples Center and put a pocket pack under every seat. :P
any day lol except this Sunday and upcoming Monday :)
OMG i want it to be tomorrow 9:00pm already ughh
#LOVE RT : Hip Hop is too restrictive
If YOU are interested in helping bring First Night and make it Happen, we would love to hear from you! - www.firstnightaustin.org
and Khadijah explore the concept of family in By Any Other Name.
Going to Madrid and Barcelona. Any suggestions on where to stay, what to do?
Tweetin' my first #blackfriday experience. So THIS is what hell feels like.
Does tambourine count? cc
“A great leader's courage to fulfill his vision comes from passion, not position.”
might have to go to the dentist this week to get x-rays of my jaw to see if my wisdom teeth are in or not wish me luck(: <3
Thank you for RT! FL - Awake the State 3/8/11 rallies - Stop Gov. Scott's devastating budget cuts!!
Hearing the soundtrack of Aquatica play for the first time tonight. The place is complete. San Antonio, be prepared for wow!
Shout out to cotton eye joe
Here comes the Barajas walk off.
i wanna get back 2 the old days when the phone would ring and i knew it was you.
I wanna go home now.
Check out our new cake menu @ Firehook Bakery - it's awesome!!
Does the star Sacha Baron Cohen?
Probably not, sadly. I am a broke man.
Driving through Baltimore. Where's Omar?
Aw, thanks for the ff inclusion, feels good :)
My little helper.
Starting Drink Deep and having faith in - Now for some Merit-time in Chicagoland.
lol well she must know football just not how to spam :)
Hi John! How art thou?
Hopefully we'll be talking soon about the local foods project! Excited for what's to come!
The water was pushing the door up I couldnt hold it as strong as I am I reached to what felt like the roof Balled my fist up started to bam
"Don't worry about avoiding temptation...as you grow older, it will avoid you."
#SongsThatGiveYouGoosebumps Disaster by ! That song gets me every time.
"Cabin in the Woods" was so fun! I highly recommend it to any horror movie fans or anyone who was addicted to "Buffy The Vampire Slayer"
Make, Bake and Win! J Street Bakery Bread & Cake Recipe Contest! Read it at www.southfloridaalerts.com (Lake Worth, FL)
Happy #FollowFriday back at you!
Great workout today!
thanks so much for the follow!
Click LIKE if you hate typing. Let me do the tedious work for you so you can spend more time growing your business!
No keys?? What do you put on your key chain? Maybe they'll just give you a taco instead. :)
that's what I said so I grabbed some kush rolled that bad boy up now I aint hungry at all *just got geeked*
Great! How about coming by tomorrow? We'll help you get your weekend started!
fake account
Wonder if they have it in my area...
My pleasure
thanks for the follow back! :-)
When I was in school, a perfect S.A.T. Score was 1600. just said 2400 is a perfect score. Wow. Are there more questions?
i'm excited to use/help with waterlee! fyi it looks like your site has a malicious iframe injected into it
RAISE IT
No friends in gym class right now super sad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Is there a word count? When does it need to be in by? I have a wonderful true story to tell.
AMEN that's the truth!
during the school day...I am free 12 - 12:40
you never got on monday was on but all he did was watch netflix lol you work today?
1st entry in 2-year by-30 plan: be published in the Chattahoochee Review.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf someone says a sentence and there's the word "but" and you still laugh.
I'm in love with this state. #bestvacationever :)
Guy boarded the train carrying a golf club. Somehow that looks more menacing than if he had a whole set.
being the guy that is good at excel has to be the worst...
Had to share with my boss ha. Killing time til the gates open
how are you?
#MyProblemIs i party too hard sometimes ....2 much fun isnt good!
S'mores cookies are bomb as fuck!!
#OCOG MDC Pumariega quotes Richard Florida saying we need to create our creative class! MDC programs are key.
RIGHT?!? “: The Dyson Airblade makes drying your hands a truly exhilarating experience.”
good time :) hey but thats just my opinion :P
Huge congrats on your new position. You've got a great director, staff and collection to work and play with. Eyes are on you bud.
We'd match our competitor's prices ... but it would mean raising ours.
Anyone else going to see childish gambino aka tonight at ace of spades. Totally stoked about this show!
Turns out my old roommate put in the order and they goofed on the address.
i'd love to win myself a set of steak knives...
In 2k11 I want to be in the heat
Don't compare yourself to others, that's when you start to lose confidence in yourself...
Hahaha ik the game has no importance but the heat are down by 25 at half to the wizards haha. Now back to the NFL draft.
I don't trust nobody!
Turn off: someone with onion lips lol
Ok, now that is a great reply. I love it. See, be funny or worth knowing and connecting is easy!
Exciting news announced: Brittany Hall to be closed for Spring + Summer 2013 for major renovation. For Fall 2012, Brittany will be open.
#ThingsImGoodAt reading peoples body language.
had fun watching my parents put up a playground (;
yea just msg me what song and ill send you the info
Dj Paul X will be dropping the needle @ 9pm at Tequila Shots so come on by and enjoy the best best with the best drinks
Watching these brats on My Super Sweet Sixteen.
MT iPhone users, our app is a great way to stay connected to info we have to offer. Check us out in the App Store
WooHoo! Time to hit up the bar for Thirsty Thursday drinks!
I think its a favorite of mine too... I always watch or want to watch it when it's on.. But I don't own it
yep of course it was him
SPRING BREAK!!!!
I didn't know we were going.... YAY! :)
#DAMLA be a DAM dictator, this is not a democracy - Jason Dittmer, GA Communication Group
haha that's what I like to hear! That is some quality learning right there. Take the stolen puppy to class. He will love that
is visiting Don Bosco Cristo Rey High School in Takoma Park, Maryland!
Another non-Mets no-hitter
I got word from our race director that they have mapped out the course with 16 to 17 obstacles! Water tight rope, mud, hay bales, cars!
We still have Blue Berry Pancakes!
Not that I can remember right now, but cool when I start up my team I want you and Ivan to play
Thanks 4 the follow Francisco Looking forward to your tweets, comments & insights. Hoping to visit soon - Cheers!
N MY NAME "MERCEDES STREETS" WE GOT BIZZY BONE, SHOP BOYS, BONE CRUSHER, M-DOT, MR CHEEKS, FIELD MOB, CRUNCHY BLACK
Oh gosh. I hate skyrim :p
Possible supplier? Let's find out and see. Also, if you're not biking..I don't know what to say...LET'S KAYUH!!
The movie companies call and specifically ask for the No. 3 - Mova Verde
Congrats on another season of #Parenthood. You all deserve it and so do we!
xbox is great online GT
Fuck yes. Dance Until Tomorrow is the 2nd trending topic WORLDWIDE :D
thanks for the recommendation!! We had a great first day with the lenders. Love this group!
who do you think you are responding to my tweets?! D:<
I am going to set the over-under on GOP defections on Paul Ryan's budget at 13. There were 4 last year. Vote is tomorrow.
Valentine's day.....i don't have a valentine.. :( ....SHIZZZ.
nothing would beat a massage right now
Thanks, but I already hauled it to the DoubleTree!
Morning/Afternoon Beautful Twitters! How is every1 on this lovely day! Me? Tired still! I'm tweeting w/1 eye open! Lol!
Fantastisch! Hoera, Kelli! Very into the Dutch world right now, so have to get your opinion. Do check out
Just found out I have almost $600 in my bank account when I thought I was broke. That just made my day!(:
stop, that's my song
all of us need to chill. Like soon
I am not familiar!! Smh! Who said they was they Lying
I haven't had crazy weird cravings like some women claim..
Ha! Mwah!
When I start work on the third and final #novel in the Temperature series it will start as an #eBook. More about that later this year.
RingzTV will be at CES this upcoming week in Las Vegas, NV. Anyone interested in getting a pre-launch demo, contact us!
Ralphs is insane right now!!!!
some dude just spent 20 minutes trying to get me to join his kool-aid cult; judgment day is upon us and I'll feel gods wrath or some shit
couldn't disagree more! :) He was most interesting in context of Anna or when he had multiple women/contexts
joining #Union ALWAYS optional, dont work there. Higher pay + benefits come with a cost. No free rides.
Studying for Spanish 2 final... /: urg. so many words!
not me lol
SHOUTOUT TO COAST TO COAST INDUSTRY FOR COMING TO THE D THE JUDGES ALL THE TALENT AND SHORT DAWG YALL DID YALL THANG TONITE
If the Flyers cant handle the Devils forecheck how can they handle LA or Phx?
last day for the beach!!!
Happy Tuesday! #gym! Need I say more?
In case you needed another reason to root for IU against UK tonight, IU has more Pell Grant recipients than UK. Go Big Red (my alma mater)!
espn U documentary "40 Minutes of Hell" hope u see it some time soon.
Happy Mother's Day, but where's my mother..? Woke up and she's not here... A little strange
Isn't this where the -ahem- NBA MVP is supposed to take over the game?
Some people make it so hard to live life.
Terrible day....
Tonight, Thanksgiving Edition Happy Hour from 10pm-2am! $5 cocktails, $6 wine, $6 Martini, $3 beer, food specials and more...Join Us!
Why am I getting so worked up over this? There are 161 games left!
When my bby takes long to reply back I just want to strangle him
My Pandora playlist played Dropkick Murphys "state of mass." earlier. Now I don't want to do anything but watch Nitro Circus! Lol
No words truer, ESPECIALLY this year RT The NHL playoffs are better then the NBA playoffs
im droppin knowledge! Call me Marketing Director.
The Difficult is that which can be done immediately; the Impossible that which takes a little longer.
yea I did awful. It was a mean joke sorry.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>no problemo just stating
i just got to english! what do you have next ??????
Sigh #AdamLavine so are so beautiful!
you better not be or ima beat you.
hey man I took my girlfriend to see it. And some guys from the fire department
it's in my bio “: so nobody says Mulatto? ...”
#Super8 or so I've heard is good, I will check it out soon.
#Librarians, what has your experience been interfiling collections? Fiction, Sci-Fi, Mystery living together in harmony?
oh god. Haha but yeah, I'm hoping to go up for those shows :)
And Another Thing…I Don’t Appreciate You Wearing The “I’m With Satan” Tee-Shirt When We Go Out…
Hi, this is Duncan McGriff, the hottest online radio station on the planet is WNJR-Newark.com.
how r u today
I wanna give ya devotion......
When people call me a little girl! <<<
Thanks, Nice to meet you, I will add it to my reading list!
Check out the new album 'Nothing Nice' coming soon and keep an eye on DatPiff for all the latest hotness from the Young Slum Lord! Love!!!
still bummed about Carolina's loss, but psyched for the #MadMen season 5 premier tonight!
what kind of dogs do you have?
Why are speedy checkouts so fricken slow?
That's live theatre, folks. The potential for failure is part of the thrill.
Last call for requests for tonight's #Wits!
WHAT! Lo mein and snowboarded? Ya know...people get killed over non invites like this :)
Ew you creep why are you even following me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
jimmy has trained his whole life for this
DHC's Christine Varela & are out this afternoon w/ for the US Olympic Team Trials for Women's Boxing
#truth change doesn't start by moving to a new city, change start with you making up in your mind to change! ()
PMP Cert is a great baseline, but never stop learning. So much of project mgmt is situational
going to sleep now .
Some woman in the bathroom asked me to smell her to confirm she didn't smell like B.O.. Oddly, I was honored.
Definitely "A perfect murder" with Michal Douglas and That NYC apartment is absolutely stunning! Ranked
Our wild leopard printed velvet gloves are in Dec Elle Page 286. The model is totally clothed in Leopard Print. Great photo.
That sounds really nit-picky, but when writing a lot I need to know I'm going to be comfortable with it in a few months.
Get to see Reds in NYC tomorrow...Get to see Reds in NYC tomorrow...Get to see Reds in NYC...and with Christopher...it's New York Eve!
thanks 4 sharing
I wrote Amy a post card, our whole class wrote to Amy, each one us picked out a special post card for Amy and she wrote back.
is the coolest!!!
Can't. concentrate. fuck.
The Continental Club, Houston, TX tonight. Show starts around 9, see you there!
How is Brand Steakhouse? Whats good on the menu?....
Just hold me, okay?
That's Ben's thing too, huh?
u going to bed no way thts not tht morgie i no hahhaha(:
cereal before bed always tastes better for some reason
good luck with that!- hope you've been well
R.I.P. Junior Seau #55 ... Never forgotten, forever a Legend!
Bynumite defense leads to NBA Playoffs win #1. Kobe & company position themselves to play to their strength, BIGS! PaPau in Sessions
Just ran into Brian Taylor in the Nokia plaza... Awesome? Yeah ;P
Find the soul of your story. What moves the characters? What moves you? Connect to theme.
u just called me à bitch i aint helpin . U wit shit
Man this concert is gonna b fun as hell singing my songs on stage
Beautiful day today can't wait to start it
lol no but I've been tryin to find a job !
Sleepily (naively) taking back
i do
Star-News is local wkly, OBRag is alt, & Voice isn't "mainstream." Is Q really, why aren't CityBeat & SD Reader on the panel?
There's a place in this world where people like me are found by people like you. So find a place as this forever divine.
hey merry xmas
lol rarely watch tv tho only at night an sports lol
Grab n go on the way to work, you won't be sorry.
thank you for the kind shout-out. Hope your new year is off to a good start. :-)
What is your favorite thing about the change of seasons? #SummerIsAlmostHere -CS
Fear of losing you
Making christmas, making christmas, is so fine. It's ours this time.
Israel is finally ungrounded
#oomf will never learn.
grading, grading, and more grading.
Your thrown awaits -- SECCA has new gallery furniture. Just the place to sit a while and enjoy the exhibitions.
getting some taco bell maybe :P!!
ocupado currently. I'll hit you up later today
Belger Arts Center will host a demonstration by The Print Factory on Sept. 2. It's a mobile printmaking collective founded by KCAI alumni.
A brand new XPS 13 laptop could be yours! Just come by our booth, #1503, & fill out a short survey
Excellent choice :) We're happy to have you around for a bit longer! RT social work!
What's a good way to digitize notebooks?
Assuming Brees plays, a part of me thinks the Saints might not miss a beat on the field - and will rally for Payton
why can't you ever Text me ma'am?
Hi Nas, you wild and crazy photographer you! All great on this end. And u? Wishing you a terrific Spring.
other than just youu.
Side effect of being open, is student's work will be found. Opens up students to powerful interactions w/real world. via
and CJ got you a gift. Idk when I'll get it to you cuz he forgot it haha
Good Morning! :D
Clint Session signed with Jacksonville.... wow....
Happy Birthday!!!
That didn't work either.
Almost dinner time...what's on the menu?? A juicy burger of course...or how about some local rabbit? Dine in,take out, or porch!
Legendary Dallas Cowboys Reunite for Charity Golf Tournament
where are people watching the Champions League Games tomorrow in KC?
whys chubbs dressed like a lady?
I don't usually hit the "post score" button but apparently the slight rocking #JCCC2 world tilt put me in the zone tonight
So excited new bedroom set in 2 days
RT “I made a choice to stay home + raise five boys. Believe me, it was hard work.” ~ Ann
Happy Birthday to a terrific guy & great actor! Looking fwd 2 working on w you & many more projects.
I am doing my quarterly re-watch of the series. I keep forgetting that my favorite scenes are earlier in the first season.
it says the link isn't working :( can you send it again?
So excited about my ever increasing Twitter Family...welcome to ALL! More personal 1-on-1's to come! Esteem-ly Yours, Queen Esther!
Wishes life came with a rewind button
ty Bobby for all your amazing support!!
The trouble with law is lawyers.
lol this girl
It's my birthday party and I'll cry if I want to. But I think I'll laugh instead.
Hoffa speaks truth... Romney and his goons in the GOP care nothing about this country ... that being the 99 percent!
": shoutout to glorious follower" check this smoothie out :D
my TL is so dead. *crickets*
RT : S/o to the team
Fasting and cleansing season woohoo
AND THE #KNICKS STAY ALIVE! INCREDIBLE CLUTCH GAME FOR MELO! AND A GREAT COMEBACK GAME FROM STAT! WE'RE GOING TO GAME 5!
Called it
Just dropped your order in the mail! Hope you enjoy!
and I'm comando <U+E418>
It's a full house at friggemal studios today with special guests Kevin Pollack,Rich Vos, Neal Brennan and Keith Alberstadt...6-10a on 101.5
#Stachetacular MT : #Brewers Axford keeps saves/opps streak in tact, 48 in a row managing chaos today vs STL Impressive
Cincinnati #PRSA March event on all things on Tues 3/27 at 6. More details coming tomorrow via
great video Brittany!
Bouncing light? White bed sheets or muslin will fit through a door & can be put almost ne where.
Who has the best fans in the world and is number 5 in overall votes to play San Fransisco Warped Tour? We do :)
Sometimes, in the name of survival, a person must pretend no other times existed or will exist.
didn't see it
it was truly outrageous!
try to get follow by you :) #NeverSayNever :)
Take a moment 2 express ur gratitude. What r u thankful for?
you got that right James, hopefully the rotation can shake it off and throw some Solid innings.
Gonzalez out of lineup with strep throat
We can't wait to see it!
Gonna have to raise that bar in Phoenix #nascar to beat Daytona's craziness. There's a fight that day... GO Ronda "Tap-em & Snap-em" Rousey
RT : warhead freeze pops are so good
Im on for a bit. Anyone on? :)
#saascon Cloud is transforming computing to utility so do the providers need to come under utility laws ?
Last tweet I sent that I was a lie love is way better than just sex
it was funny at first but cmon.. that show is so stupud now. and the dudes in regular show are 1947391x funnier. omg.
Omw to the airport .
I'm excited for you!
Remind us on your bday. We may be busy stuffing our faces...I mean...spending time with family.
Believe in your self. Never back away from your dreams. Work hard and things will happend. Be smart in the things you do to get there. M ...
Drinking local Arden's Garden "Salad in a Glass" vegetable juice. I can't believe I've been scared to try this stuff-it is awesome!
Gary Smith had won 42% of his games as #Rapids manager and has a 29% win percentage at Stevenage. Let's not go gong show on his leadership.
you are never an "Ex-Pittsburgher"
No one should die because they cannot afford health care, and no one should go broke because they get sick. please RT
You go with your two feet bare
Red Cross certification complete. All that's left is application approval and Captain's school. Get excited for your tour this summer!
Last ever dinner and walk across the quad with
I'm pretty sure I'd just punch the guy
it's cold up north. and where's all the bbq?
#Ed Hochuli is my favorite referee.
Yaa Bitch Ass Got More Followers Then Me -,-
Watching #giants at the Harlem Tavern. Let's go Big Blue
Embarrassed to admit I didn't know Dom Deluise was still alive.
that's why I don't wear makeup anymore.
Got picked up from school early from finishing the Bio EOC & going to the dentist later. :/
I did. Been thinking about ways we can share good practices for academic social media. We should chat some more.
Wishing everyone a happy, safe, and relaxing Memorial Day weekend! # SLPeeps
The Cafe 4 burger at in Market Square in Knoxville is awesome! You should try one.
Come see me at iBeach Chandler we have the BEST beds in town!!!!!
Vikings stadium bill passes senate taxes committee heads to full senate floor for a vote. live from Capitol on KSTP-TV at 10.
Thanks for following, PetTalk!
In Monrovia staying close to home and avoiding traffic
Saw Black Swan & The Fighter yesterday. Both were great with amazing performances but it's hard to beat the creative talent of Aronofsky.
Not feeling well. And at work. Ugh is it 4 yet?
Guest column: Chris Bent ... Conspicuous consumption and legacies: I had been in a world distanced from pain, where everybody worked ...
likewise, Frederick
Remember, eprom is playing crisp tonight!
RIP Heavy D gonna miss u
Loving My Husband So Much
Can you draw them from Facebook and Twitter?
Thanking God for my busy day:)
Good Morning Hope you enjoyed ur Bday and ready for a weekend celebration.
rotting not allowed on Fridays. Only Monday's. Guess you missed that memo :p
what is up?
Great on the clock trying to tweet
Promoted #TNA this morning in a radio appearance in Beckley, WV. live tomorrow night broadcasting on location.
haha so true! Very fishy indeed
Great to know about you - thanks for the follow!
Hope to see you there, ! Thanks for the shout out, ! ;-)
just suck the dick!
Q. What's the difference between tampons and cowboy hats? A. Cowboy hats are for ass holes.
i miss you this stinkss
ikr! & yeah that's exactly what he told me
thanks much for RT- have a great week
“: 2012 Common Core Summer Institutes - REGISTRATION is now OPEN”
Deuces Vegas. Oh hii Texas
Happy New Year everyone! Love you!
Holy cats, is it beautiful out there today.
There is nothing I hate more than school.
<Stellar. If you can bring some fine Cognac back, consider it............
Can I stay at your house
haha we should for sure!
cool cool. They switched me to the golf.
Hey chick!
Our album, Peace of Mind, is coming to iTunes and other digital outlets very soon!
Noo you live & learn and won't make that mistake again !
lol aye I appreciate that lol an nice song
I think Ezekiel english muffins just might be the best things on earth!
When it's time 2 decide whether or not 2 push the button, do ya want an atheist, or someone who believes in eternal life in the White House?
What an awesome idea.. we just saw the news bit about it :)
Beautiful day on the coast! We have a ton of rentals this weekend, come enjoy the sun!
Eating sushi,and Colin snacks!
Omg I never saw these tweets. Rofl rofl
Swear to whatever: Just bought The Odditorium from , then checked email & library has it on hold for me now. Spooky.
We gunna be partying it up this weekend!!!(:
.'s John Lozier: "Average life expectancy in US is 80; for folks experiencing homelessness it's less than 50."
I got my drivers licence today so I am officially an Indiana resident!
thanks 4 mention! much appreciated
still alive
WATCH AND GIFT DRAWING ! FREE RAFFLE DEC.24,2011
I am a slave to the food pyramid
I dont think anyone had Coyotes, Predators & Kings as 3 of the final 4 in the West...
I'm so turned on by alternative punk guys! Ugh!
#LOVEIT It's also been too long since I've seen that movie. I need some Effie in my life!
In the middle of difficulty lies opportunity.
too bad there's no other way to communicate than hand signals
where have noise canceling headphones been my entire life?
it's good bruh
Golden raisins, I'm sorry I don't tell you I love you more.
Actually I'm planning on doing a lot of the work.
Free Game 6 Sixers club box seats with ? I don't mind if I do
hello beautiful amorcita
Disappointed with the produce out. Anyone have a good place to buy decent produce?
playing devil may cry 4 on the xbox360
What you wont do the nxt one will
On my way home to LA and stopping for dinner. Can't wait to be in my own bed.
“: Good Morning RT : Good morning” <U+E418>
Tonight: mic-check of Alderman Joe Moore who voted for Mayor 1% Emanuel's crap budget. Joe, you've made it clear whose ally you are.
Searching Craigslist for apts on April 1st--yea or nay? I'm seeing some REALLY good deals, and yet no one is answering their phones...
im overloaded on college bball, but the amount of time in between FSU games is unbearable
Pop goes the wessel :)
awesome, if you ever wanna throw anything on our site gimme a shout!
Indeed. You'd think the Preds were the Blue Jackets or something.
I'm excited to hear it!
People come to arts events because of what they say about them
What you are is what you have been. What you<U+FFFD>ll be is what you do now.
Does anyone have reccs for a great pillow that helps with lower back pain
is it too early to eat a hot dog from kwik trip? gonna grab two when i go to get some gas. probably some scratch offs too. maybe slurpee?
Just got blessed by a crackhead
Devils food cake!
South Waterfront blog: Happy Birthday Tram
Hey! Happy Tuesday! How is everyone doing today? Drink that water! Move that butt! :) Make today count!
making thru this whack ass doctor appt. I need a referral for work and I been here 2 hrs. I'm blessed regardless
seeing the pitches for #3DS at was awesome! i loved seeing these new ideas and how quickly they came together
Tomorrow we are working on how to get more Healthcare providers and Law firms as clients.
RT I hate when your text message fails to send and you don't realize it for hours
Ugh! Im ready to leave now!
I impress people, you depress people.
brush to teeth nigga
#NowPlaying Timmy T / Time After Time
5 Women flashbacks?! I need another bottle of champagne...
RT : It has never been so easy to earn a living as a poet in the U.S. as it is today. Dana Gioia
haha, why thank you! So when ya gonna help me make this one come to life? :)
Geared up for our mentorship panel on July 12th! Visit www.strategycoaching.info to rsvp!!!
Sunday Sunday .. Cleaning the studio
You're welcome, Karla!
I was gonna tweet somethin ignorant but I will just tell you when I see You lol .....
I always forget how simple and brilliant really is.
props on getting signed. Heard it on gci last night. Putting #Chicago on the map
Testing, testing
A little boy just played Gandalf with my car in a parking lot. I had to come to a full stop bc he wouldn't move. His mom just watched. WTF.
Very cool. He grew his hair again? Need video! I looked but couldn't find.
I apologize for not being able to attend tonight's event as I was already committed to another meeting. Congrats
RT: Govt. run healthcare: it's an oxymoron to say you can cut costs by expanding coverage. You must make tough choices!
just fucking awesome
"I'm married to the music. For better or for worse." <U+E03C><U+E30A>
okeayy cnn ! tell her cheer up kaeyy !:>
Steroids just hit a HR against the Reds
I. Need. Netflix.
Because surely, this is the first time the players in question have ever complained about anything, right?
Happy Birthday, Will you emcee the Pulitzer Award ceremony when we're finally recognized?
That article brought tears to my eyes-you hit all the right chords-I feel that way every day!!!! Send a copy to Arlen!!!
Rachel kinda looks hot there..
That could've been the stupidest thing to keep a secret...
#borgata ac BorgataAC with the bitches!!!
Family of nerds ehh?
I got 1st overall !!!!
When people I wouldnt expect open up to me >>
I'M ON MY WAY BACK 2 THE MOUNTAIN TOP, & THIS TIME I'M BRINGING THE CORRECT GEAR, MATERIAL, MINDSET AND ATTITUDE. FUCK U IF U AREN'T WITH ME
I can connect you with my friends that have : Vanessa, Margot, jimmy, Jen.. Lettme know
#nowplaying Phil Ranelin/Wendell Harrison - A Message From The Tribe... pure beautiful genius
Where you workin now, still bartendin?
Seriously 30 emails in one night and there are all ads! Lol
Where's the live music gonna be at for Valentine's Day????
is upgrading the office and building desks. Anyone else hate putting office furniture together?
getting my butt in gear, working out every night. booyuh.
Happy birthday good buddy!
What's a mute point?
Reentry Anonymous: Ex-offender Reentry Education, Information, and Support. 12 Step Recovery from Criminal Addiction.
:O that sucks!! but yeah i dont have time for anything anymore. when i dont have homework, i always have something (cont)
Tell McDonalds who are cutting benefits at home while building a store a day in China.
"The one thing you cannot teach is passion"
Everyone awake and moving on this monday? What was your favorite #pcbw event of the weekend?
#ILoveMyMomBecause she still gets angry at me when I don't give her a goodnight kiss!
APRIL 28TH!! Theatrical Play "College Fund"!! The last show before we Go On Tour!! Officially Allen Iverson's Mom will play a character!
Planning a day outdoors? Lips, along w/eye area & upper chest, has the thinnest skin on a body. Apply UV protection to your lips too!
I know Walter subcheck
Call JD Systems Toll Free: 877.778.JDTV(5388) for all your Audio and Video needs!
I prefer Jesse McCartney quite honestly lol.
Shit got real today.
Absolutely! You should always take the opportunity to expand your cultural experiences. Adult or not :)
Team EFG. Are you an amazing graphic designer? Include 3 samples of your best work. Apply at
long day tomorrow time for bed....OK maybe after DA BULLS game
really good one ,,, coldplay- strawberry swing , every teardrop is a waterfall, glee- dog days are over,
is the current domicile on the market yet?
Great job, Philly. Booing Noah after rolling his ankle.
After two years, finally shooting a self-produced project again this Saturday. Hope this becomes a regular occurrence.
What if like Ono is purposely trolling Capcom and making each update of #SFxT worse and worse as a parting gift from his former role?
so now you're molly sender again on the book? I feel like I dont know who you are...
Pay For This Book
Dear "normal people", I'm not weird; I'm a limited edition. Sincerely, Lighten up because you only live once
“: Next one of y'all mention Tami on my tl getting unfollowed lol” even Talib! BBW is a hit tonight. Lol
Hello Mother :)
Listening to the new album on Spotify. She's amazing as always.
Bahaha, well played sir RT : you just described Brett Farve's last 6 yrs of his NFL career
"Great! Because I have to pee!" "We have been on the road for 38 minutes!"
Notes written in blood should say things like, "Don't forget to pick up milk..." or "I'm sorry I hit your car"...
There is nothing in the world so much like prayer as music is.
Happy Cinco De Mayo to my love and ...HORA DE LA FIESTA!!!
Chau Chiang is my fav professional poker player, because he "love play pokah!"
ha ok! I saw "we" & then wasnt sure!! left message for reservations. They r gonna call bck 2 confirm.
Leaders have a responsibility to see their blindspots or be mature enough to let others point them out.
I know right! Gardening is great but I kind of want to live on the edge again!
your unfollow software doesn't allow enough time- u should check ur settings- u r followed.
bahah Dancing With The Stars was classical night last night , they danced to all that type of music .
Will you be wearing # 44 this season? I want to buy your jersey
Thanks for the RT! :-) Have a marvelous weekend!
New Google Chome logo. I liked the old one better, but it isn't terrible.
Yes I did - would really like to talk with you and others about it more.
Tonight and 10pm We will be sacrificing a goat onstage to the Pagan god of comedy
i love you
Receiving > Stabbing
morning :] how are you?
Today was the day when everyone realized that The End (of the semester) is Near.
Thank you for the bundles of grapevine, old friend. Now, the weaving begins.
jonathan hi <3
Sounds good. Can you provide me with a URL for the UI console?
Yum! Nice choice! :)
OMFG AW I FEEL SO BAD BECAUSE I DIDN'T SHOOT FOR THE FIRST TIME IN SO LONG CRIES
RT : For out-of-season organic produce, try the frozen food case for a selection that's half the price of what's been flown...
My laundry sorting piles resemble Everest, Lhotse and Nuptse.
Yo oh sympathy ass.
Twitter Nation .. How many entered the #WSOP 2pm Deep Stack today??
i love tht song!
Thanks for the follow, good sir!
if one more person bashes country music strait to my face making fun of me for liking it, I'll strait up hurt them. KISS MY COUNTRY ASS.
I hate to find a kid in highschool died:(
Where'd the rest go? RT You Can See Elizabeth Taylor's Wardrobe and Sparkly Things at MOCA Before They Go to Auction bit.ly/oY38TF
#YouGetMajorPointsIf You're always up for an adventure
No! He hurt Pappa Orton!! And now Orton!! :'( ah
:) oh yeah I talked to mrs judy and you will receive a fear the brow tile for your room
Good luck! Wish I was there with you guys!
I'll take a look at Champion. Thanks for the recommendation!
We are a Social Media consulting company for the business that is looking to have a professional image online. www.allerentconsulting.com
What are you doing in Linthicum, MD, of all places?
dang, I bet! You can cheer for the Blazers when they come to Dallas on Wednesday.
#TheVoice good song choice.
that's a shame. Have seem some HS programs offer sports/recreation mgmt/admin as an elective class. Good idea when done well.
Any news on the Parkway redevelopment? I haven't seen or heard anything in at least 18 months.
In wanna jump in my pants?
RT : Opera is the Ron Paul of Web Browsers
Lol, what you doing
I wish someone will talk me to sleep!
female logic
It's the curse of Sid Bream!
(AP) -- Ex-Ill. Gov. Rod Blagojevich arrives at Colo. prison to begin 14-year sentence for corruption
at 0:28 that was actually
lmao I know
Twitter and Facebook on SelfControl for 23 hour increments until this presentation is done on Wednesday
Luke Kuechly will have a great impact right away covering backs/tight ends and smacking around opponents.
“: Jordan Taylor. Onions!” ironic or factual?
thank you! It went grt - pretty fun & I am looking forward to exploring deeper now that #nycswmg is over
I would like to clarify my previous tweet... I like the format of this debate, but not the questions.
Gotta be on top
thank you.
You just need to watch it, asap!
announcement will be via press release, web site and social media
welcome to twitter bro
The problem with being a living sacrifice is that we tend to scurry off from the altar before we have been consumed.
Yah, I know :) I saw it on YT while looking up videos of Toer. Do you live in Jakarta? Would love to read your work!
Hi Mina!! How are you doing this week? I just had a lovely anniversary wknd w friends & family & am just so blessed!! <U+2665>Aoede<U+266A><U+266B>
why u no go sleep eh? Lol wa goin on
Michael Edwards of Fort Worth, Texas named VP of Basketball, Travel Sports.
That would be cool!
Me and my buddies chipped in & rented what we thought was a limo. Turns out it was actually just an El Camino with a topper.
Matthew 9:35ff "Then Jesus made a circuit of all the towns and villages. He...healed their bruised and hurt lives..."
Very true, we think it will be good. Especially if they blow us away with some type of Apple TV update.
So fucking annoyed with everything.
Did Adjustments on last stop help Boris?
You making IT happen up there ? Have a great weekend!
That is the one I was leaning towards. Just like the flavor, or I guess I should FLAVA!
#YouGettinPunchedIf you touch my food.
Dunk you very much!
I loved your advice on backstage why actors should join twitter its because of you that i joined!
haha, it's scary how well you know how i operate...
Sounds mildly terrifying. And I thought the Italians made a big deal out of their pizza!
I think I need to dance it out, but there's no dance party. Even HP has gone home to bed....
Am listening to the Blues Show on #KUNM and reminded how much I LOVE the
Seen way too much abuse. If you're looking to fund something sustainable or long-term, you should have a business plan.
I don't understand Charles Dickens
Lol, true true “: girl they look like buffed up toothpicks”
. Nowww, that's not nice. Scrapple is definitely meat. Also cornmeal, and spices.
We had an amazing time at Wholistic Life Ministries yesterday. What an awesome move of God! Pics coming soon!
Congrats! MT has received a grant from the NEH to digitize it's Flemish books of hours in 2013! Thank you NEH
#HealthCare bill is gonna be overturned.
I catch your drift, I catch your drift all night long.
Let the work begin...
Follow your honest convictions, and stay strong. - William Thackeray
Sorry I didn't get to see you! I know visits are hectic. catch you next time :)
“: Breaking: is an asshole who works spoilers into every conversation” hahaha
just got home, about to watch a movie. :)
meadows is a gigalo
Can I reach 3,700 followers for today please, Monsters? :) (RT).
Watching Never Say Never ! :D #MyWorldMemories when started singing rockaby baby<3
It's not that I hate you. I just want to punch you in the face, that's all.
I believe that Epik Gamers will win woo
Depending on your budget, any current router will work. Is roommate using wireless connection exclusively?
Kardashian: "I luv animals & always will. I believe in freedom of choice" Right, so where was the animals freedom of choice #not2bskinned?
others we'd like to meet: divorce/family law atty, va, promo products, caterer, dentist, mover, auto repair, biz coach, movers...
oh alright, bye! (:
Had to pay my respects to a G, #RIPClipD , a stand up dude 4real.
me too bruh! send that joint so I can knock it down for ya
Passion is something we are all born with BUT something very few die with.
really? Did you get confirmed too? :)
Someone who actually cares>
awe she so cute!! :) Congrats!!
I don't think there is anything sadder in the sports world than than being a fan from San Diego. #Padres #Chargers Need I say more?
Newt is the "King of Exaggeration".
The UWM Women's Chorus sounded amazing in rehearsal today! Our concert is gonna be fab!
lol, do you remember the cartoon they made after that?
Award to Ranking Joe
Please... Do NOT zoned me out.
ALL PACKED! Whew! Now I want to sleep!
Ah, Spring. Time for whiskey. We have over 80 varieties. Have a different one every day, then start over. Barrel 44 1120 N. High St.
yes, the plans were different. If you have any further questions, please feel free to email me at emile(at)simplegeo(dot)com
Some of them have an "accomodates X people" with extra fees for extra persons.
Delicious Egg Nog and Peppermint Shakes!
Cenk Uygher is pretty good, not my favorite, but he's not bad for a liberal
Last chance to win tickets to see Real Estate on Friday at Neptune Theater. Retweet to enter. Drawing this afternoon.
American Media, Inc. Appoints David Perel to Executive Vice President of Digital Content
got shot next to my heart
text me(:
Headed to the gym. Looks like its all I do now!!
I hope u love the clarisonic too! I also bought polish today. And #secondguestofaweddingdress cc
whatever. At least I have my driver's license.
You were so young, You were just my age when you had me.
Shifman: We must name sexual exploitation as violence. Most of these girls' experiences constitute torture.
I don't wait for moods. You accomplish nothing if you do that. Your mind must know it has to get down to work. - Pearl S. Buck
i grabbed the last copy at the video store when i saw it! :) haha
Wavering between super excited and super nervous for
Im just a little too not over you.
Cookies and vodka with !
Just had a kickass photoshoot with photographer Wes Naman for the Local Iq. Look for us in a couple weeks!
. Just wait until wins the #Indy500 later this month. We all celebrate with
I love the Money Wheel!
I been swell man. I started school a couple of weeks ago so I been missing raw & forgetting to record it so I'm lost
Meaning it's all Favre, not Rice? RT if favre were wearing a cowoby uni today, dallas would be up at least two tds
Reading important tweets like "Hey ladies, we finally got the purse hooks installed at the bar!"
If you're interest submit your knitted wears in the Holiday gift show.
Good morning and we appreciate this tweet! Happy Friday RT : killin' Chipotle...seriously, gotta put you on
I may get blocked myself for doing this but ok i'll see what i can do :)
what about Tryst in Adams Morgan? Great place to snuggle with a hot chocolate!
Don't say a word, just come over and lie here with Me.
can u tell princeton from mb to follow me plz im a big fan plz do it for me
#raw10 saw an OG wearin n 2piece grn knit suit wit a FUBU shirt wit sum karate shoes. must be Bruce Lee-roy!
Oh no. If you can't beat them...you could always join them :)
…It's not about giving people what they want. That's marketing--and it's a big difference." -Chas Esche
one of my magazine contacts called me sweet today. I believe friendliness is a way to set yourself apart. :)
Thanks, we'll keep IAH in mind.
I am highly annoyed, in Orange County they are more tolerant than in
Hedonic gloss is a term I've been looking for my whole life. My brain is very bad.
oh yea I was out there yesterday
I'm so blessed (:
every friday it seems i tweet about #coffee. wonder why
When choosing a location for your #familyreunion, make sure the venue is void of traffic and parking nightmares!
good luck!
You should keep your hate focused on the real enemy, Zooooey.
Thanks for the RT help! :)
Serious lightning and thunder in Madison right now, but so far that's all. (Sidenote, my dog is NOT a fan)
Providing tax and accounting services to dentists is one of specialties!
woo thanks!! See ya there!:) hey text me so i have your number! I lost my contacts a little while ago.
u r very down to earth and humble
In the cave workin with my man
i dread back-to-school shopping, but it has to get done asap.
Y'all stay safe out there!
You wouldn't be the same Ashley I met while I was training Eric would you? This is Todd, the strength coach. Hope you are!
There is a gift in every experience. The only thing that gets in our way of seeing it is our perception.
I GOT MY IPOD SO SKYPE
Wow, you just gave me two fabulous resources for my classroom! Thanks!
you must have me confused with someone else. No recollection of that
ok one last thing... I introduced products one at a time... partly so I wouldn't become a product junkie! lol
hahahah he meaned before you play
"I hate this school" (x
sounds like Romney needs to have an open bar at his rallies
Well someone needed to go. Hatcher had been on the hot seat at times for years. Thx to him for his work for the Angels. JD is in charge now
This girl? No way. ;) Delayed gratitude tweet... :)
Thanks to everyone who helped make last night's MWA party for VENGEANCE such a success!
#Mymomisthebest I love her a lot:D she always speak the true
Happy 's Birthday!!! She's the most wonderful friend a girl could ask for... And smokin' hot to boot!
Looking forward to reading my students' Davis/Moynihan papers tomorrow. Last week's class was elevating. Hoping for the same tomorrow!
Nebraska Legislature overrides governor's veto on prenatal care for undocumented. AP
They should create an app that makes your cellphone go "ah" when you plug it in.
<U+2640>I start my workout 2morrow! It's been long over due<U+2640>
The wise don't expect to find life worth living;they make it that way
You hear, O LORD, the desire of the afflicted; you encourage them, and you listen to their cry. Psalm 10:17
The shortest way between two points is the one that goes through the stars." - Jose Antonio, The Poetic Imperative
I hate to see my grandfather like this...... :,-(
"our cabinet is full of kisses" me to the roomie in reference to the abundance of Hershey's kisses in our cabinet....<3
hahaha! That's def what I meant! Wow I can not believe I didn't catch that myself!
CJ McCollum is thinking too much, League MVP, has 28 tonite, make your damn FREE THROWS!
it doesnt let me :(
Just got it last week :) RT : Do you have a lens flare license?
so I kinda calculate the time lol
Is it "Black" Friday because your wife makes you get up in the dark??
it's against the law in Massachusetts too. At least it says so on the displays over the interstate every so often.
PLAYIN CALL OF DUTY
starting OKPancake for me to find brunch dates
Missed opp for #p2 & #obama2012.... seems to be the most active political grp @ #sxsw w
RT : RT : "Quick, Everyone act natural!" *Everyone strikes the Most un-natural pose ever.*
casino? Let down at the game huh?
GM down south
wow, that was terrific! (and scary)
That's certainly very snazzy!
After four days of staring at my phone at nsta, I am finally sick of smartphones.
You like who you like.. right?
I gotta look at a car waiting on when he calls
piano tuner confirmed for 1pm Tuesday. Also, Louise may be able to get Erin at the airport, but need to firm up the deets
who was the first girl to run off the stage on maury that cause every single girl to do the same ?
unsafe for visiting fans in bloomington. Was a vile as it had ever been. No sense in risking injury to fans/players
omg you don't remember him??
USGS: Glut of quakes likely manmade, fracking possible cause
Skype, Rosemary2941. You should Skype me! I love your videos! (:
My Grandma Has Sold Avon Gor Over 27 Years She Asked Me Did I want To Continue It I Looked Like I was Crazy lol
YOU LOOK HOT
Listening to on kpft on SOS radio
“: Day 2 of #MastersPOV. Great previz talk. (It's good to be king.).”
RT : Tweet Up is Monday from 6-7pm. The online program says it's a ticketed event, but it's actually not.
Happy birthday Elvis!
Your church can still be hip without knowing Florence +the Machine! At least, I hope I'm still hip without knowing them!
If u r not here at Eden lounge, u r missing it! Fabulous is all I have to say. Rooftop rocking w DJ life!! Free til 10p
hahaha P Sherman, 42 wallaby way, Sydney <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
Just over a week until my first trip to #Vegas!!! Please, flood me with food and entertainment suggestions...
Thanks for the pictures bro! ;) I put them on Facebook
aw I love you too <3
O'Rileys 8-11 pm! Chris Kohn and Big John gonna rock the house! See ya there :)
it is going to be a up and down with the weather this week here
will u please follow me
Bowers & Wilkins of course!
whats up everyone? got some songs in the works, along with a new logo soon!! :]
My sister and her girlfriend know how to light my day in preparation for my birthday. Hooters and avengers movie ^_^
I got a comment from someone saying that they just picked up some tank maxis a Dots so they're prob still there =D
Um, I don't know about that.... its hard to explain. Try finding some on youtube. :)
My dad does that when he's bored. He goes and he looks at houses, even though he's pretty sure we're not going anywhere.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
; Kony 2012 . Like if you know what it's about .
Smoking on the beach at night >>>>
He nothin but a stupid lil boy! He aint SHIT! These lil girls need to stop lien to him cuz all he is is a lame tryin to make it...
Having a sleepover with the bffs Kirsten and Ashley
New York! Do I miss this? Seems kinda crowded and hectic
ahh great timee at the graduation dance(:
just archived my entire gmail inbox for the first time in 5 years. I feel slightly empty, but refreshed.
Thanks for checking us out, we are checking out your tweets.
They said your purple hair and body suite is intentional bad taste on access hollywood LMAO
Did you run today too? It took us about 2hrs and 4 mins to finish. We were in the purple wave. :)
Merry Christmas!
I'm good...going to Vegas tom night! :) Any upcoming parade appearances? :) At least it feels like Cali so you won't freeze!
Well now, is anyone confused on the market's direction now. I have been telling clients to hedge and move to 80 percent short last week.
so what's the deal between us???? I mean I thought I was this sectors only protector but then I met you. What's the deal? LOL
School is for suckers
Wat a monday lets get it y wait till tha weekend im grown i chill everyday
Wow. 20 kids in a camp can take a lot out of you! TIRED... But, looking forward to seeing my daughter in a national dive meet in LA in am!
just means we have gotten 21 years older lol
Catching up on sleep, email, FB & Twiiter. Not at the same time obviously. Not yet catching up on laundry or house chores. Oh well :)
You cannot teach anybody anything. You can only help them discover it within themselves. - Galileo
hungry and mom is no where to be found
what's doing a fish?
Thank you, Julie! OxoA
Chad is such a meanie
Put a normal looking n7k log message into the Cisco error decoder, got nada. I think your NX-OS documentation is a little behind!
yeah that was the first time. I got like 3000 people on that one.
u are right! Such an easy thing to use, but we just don't do it EVERYTIME...I would think they would invent something even easier.
Sometimes you win. Sometimes you lose. Sometimes it rains. Think about it!
I totally skimp on toilet paper. Melody all the way!
Are the white guys on the end of Texas' bench back-up players or back-up cheer leaders? They are unbelievably giddy in OT
Today:South Beach Food and Wine Festival!
Typing up my notes from #pla12. Wow, what a great conference! Lots of ideas to share.
NFL Banquet feels a little bit fancier because it's the same night as the
is it gonna be televised?? I'm so happy for coach Pop!!
& that show "the voice" was so annoying I'm glad it's over
tu go a doul? safe trip ! see u soon
I must have done something really horrible in a past life to be immune to the effects of caffeine. I'm talking Caligula horrible.
Impressed by Loyalty Dance Crew! To cut the music and stay in sync... Amazing!
Kinda getting sick of band names that reference violence towards women, however "punk" or "funny" it might seem to the members.
Good from afar, but far from good.
Just gotta keep trying...
Game set match!!!
I'll keep that in mind!
Kristen Stewart on Jay Leno ! Can't wait she is gonna look gorgeous(: lol
Dreamed last night that I accidentally bought a hot pink T-Mobile texting phone instead of an iPhone 4. Shiver
Amazing. This singer severely underestimates how long it will take me to get my Ph.D.
Is this real or fake? Make up your mine before everything is gone ! :)
Evernote (and a lot of other note apps) seem to really be a place to dump a million things you'll never look at again.
Harrison Ford did. Heck Wesley Snipes did too. Of course he couldn't escape IRS.
I'm in Houston
Visualize, think, and reflect!
#RedSox just can't live with success. 7-1 lead dwindles. Need to just blow out another team and move on, stop this losing streak/attitude!
"Let me remember that the unintended meaning that people project onto what I do is either my fault, or something I can take credit for."
Milwaukee Bucks 31 Washington Wizards 28 End Of 1st #bucks #wizards #nba (Via )
So tired, and really hungry
What's your favorite #beauty tip?
Where's for this party? She needs to come to !
And this is why i don't look up to you !
we're working on the Android, we'll enter you into the drawing
You suck.
In order to realize the worth of the anchor, we need to feel the stress of the storm. #Quote Corrie ten Boom
This guy is wearing shape ups #springbreakbod haha
wish I could! but maybe I can join you in spirit later. thinking of making it a Netflix night ;)
Tonights show at #ScottsCityLimits was awesome!!:)) Thank you everybody who came out!!!
Of course without the spit up and tantrums, I hope. lol
I am a broken man
#somewhereintheghetto you can find a 2 year old in a diaper, standing under a lightpost on the corner, selling crack.
Happy Birthday to my mother! ily, even though you get on my nerves sometime !
looking for actors for upcoming paying projects. start following me for more details. Creative director hip how hang productions
Just back from meeting first guy in like at Best Buy in Gresham, OR. Mike O'Brien's been there since Monday for Black Friday deals!
where do they sell 8 bit ale?
O lord. At least now I will always see him getting stuck ;) that's what a bitch gets :-p
She kept boom box guy? Seriously?
Lowe's "Never Stop Improving" slogan is both a great perspective on life and a great money-maker for them.
Yay!! That's awesome--seriously, you and the kiddos will have so much fun. Keep my info and let me know when you swing by :-)
oh aight. You went to the hanger lol?
Well, I'm gonna brush my teeth.
lol you had your chance and you blew it .....
Realized that I haven't been tweeting lately, so sorry!
#36Days until the best album in the world will be released. The album that will make history and convert haters. I'M READY FOR
Glad i got to say hi to u guys, great job again! can't wait to see u guys in palm beach in a couple weeks.
I mean, I'll probably be inappropriate for the rest of my life so I suggest you get used to it now.
Fantastic Dinner Theatre! Congratulations to all the talented performers.
Thanks for stopping in! RT : Getting my hair did
Harassment is the silent killer of organizational excellence....what employer wouldn't want to eliminate that which keeps them from WINNING?
editing walls with
Frustrating when presenters don't talk about topics described in the program guide!
hahah I didn't come up with it, a girl let me have the name..so I just run that twitter now
Paper? What type of paper at this time of year? Scholarship paper? A paper for an internship opportunity? Nonetheless good luck!
awwh, "Turn to You" is simply beautiful<3 Your mom is one lucky lady. She has such a loving, appreciate son.<3 i love you!
just yell out BASED GOD
I might be too far away next year to even come home for easter :(
Yep, it's me. Tried to respond to the DM, but it didn't work.
God is Calling ...Do you hear HIM?
hmm...guess that sucks for that person. they're missing out.
We are looking for a high level person for the Boston area. Be glad to tell you more about Zooppa, are you available for a call?
Have a great time at
Call postponed until later. *turns music back up*
Lebron keep throwing little baby ass elbows at Granger LEBRON BE A FUCKING MAN hit him or SIT TF DOWN
I got my hood in this bxtch!
Speed is 7.2 up and 5.2 down. Battery life is 4 hours max; depending on how many are connected.
My "OVER YOU" playlist is in full effect. mother fucking fucker.
Looking forward to talking to the BC Social Media Council about communicating to students thru technology!
you would.
I just made some slappin-butt spaghetti. In yo face, ! Lol
Wow these weather men suck!! Its raining reLly?
I'm happy that will hug for me when I'm sick :)
welcome back.
still lasted longer than the Magic Hour MT : Magic/Bird bway show will have its last performance 5/12. It lasted 52 days.
Being single start to take its toll..??
SAD. Also, pretty much unnecessary. Flerf.
How's that bat coming around? saw you last yr in dayton. Hurry up and get to the big's. we need a speedy leadoff man
So, from our two amazingly sold out weekends, Comedy? raised 400 dollars for Operation Smile. Thank you to everyone who supported us!
I need to go out partying.
Great day at Augusta Nat'l! Got to meet Nancy Lopez-super nice woman. Wish I could go every year!
at South Miami Farmer's Market
DEM BOYS LOOKING GOOD BABY.....GO COWBOYS!!!!
When they said Ross was leaving 1st, you said "leave big stories for the pros"; now you give props? Which is it?
#HowToKeepSomeoneHappy Good Head
There goes my #Orioles :) lets get it early
im bored so im probably gonna do some sick ass makeup
Sorry your day was shitty on your bday
I suspect that the woman in the Abilify ads who talks to living bath robes and umbrellas has bigger psychological issues than depression.
Republicans just forced a $1,000 to $1,500 tax increase on middle class Americans. Just to protect millionaires. There is no spin to that
wow !! that's new pic>< sweet
First day of school went great! Met alot of great people :)
Now I'm going to be forever enslaved to your cat.
I just gave my tangled up earbuds a real stern talking to.
they gave you a BOX of gloves. Didnt know adidas shipped things like that lol.
Drywall repairs,texture matching at Mr.D's painting we can make your walls look new again.Check out our facebook link @ www.mrdspainting.com
Gallo said Gasol screen was a tough screen and he felt his throat click. Then it clicked back.
"I vote for meltdown" Martin Mull in Serial.One of my favorite silly movies.
Tonight we honor 20 powerful leaders in the #LGBT community!
Morning Thanks for following us at Newark Twinning. Proms at Palace Theatre news coming soon so keep 28th January free.
wow! He was creeping on you Kashe! Lmaoo
Official Facebook Page is up...are you a fan yet?
a museum should be a motor not a mortuary
What happened to the fan club - mail in some cash in return for a glossy photo and a bit of swag?
A rare getaway!
Longest half time ever. Come on Kansas!! Let's get this win!!
Thursday afternoon shout out << Go Follow my homie!!
um, hi! are you here?
so i got an iphone
Ahuntsic crash may be racing related
FOLLOW ME PLEASE(: x9
Everyday I'm on the grind NFL I will be back.
Is that #Thunder ball?
Or the Groucho. RT Merkel should replace the Euro with a new currency called the Tebow.
Grow bigger ears. Listen and learn.
No way!! Z - you were killing it Tuesday!! Maybe 'cross bikes on table tops isn't such a good idea.
not to shabby considering I passed out at 8.
What kind of stuff would you want to win?
*gets magic stick* poof!! You're breakfast
It's so great to put a face to your tweets!
#morningjamz: "Wolf Like Me" by TV on the Radio.
Watching E.T <U+2665>
Unemployment is what
We may not have world economy in the fall, but at least we'll have football.
watching play sonic the hedgehog on genesis, in bed, with a drink and some carrot cake. not too shabby.
I was born to support and love I was born to be a belieber :) <3
Hi Ginger, did you get to see Frankie Moreno perform last night in Ravello? Yes! Frankie put on a fab show, always a great time <U+30C4>
RT : Mike McHale from Invesco and Greg Tennyson from Salesforce.com share great insights on the role of the CPO
Farmers market with food and cocktails at Browntrout
We Republicans love Mitt Romney because he pulls no punches in fighting the radical homosexual agenda.
Turns out I'm going to the Phillies season opener today. Thanks Raph!
nice choice! Enjoy!
Today was boring
Welcome friends, thx for following
Done trying to hang out with you anymore, if you wanna hang, okay but Im not asking anymore. #OverIt #Done !
NSU, I love it, I love it, I love it!! Spartan Spirit all the time!!!
R3 Program , Free PBX Business Phone System, HD Voice, Auto Attendant, Voicemail etc..., visit www.discountedt1s.com or call 512 873-0447
just finishing up a work trip in Berkeley. It'll be good to get home.
Straight up now tell me do you really wanna love me forever.
Old people can be really stupid and ignorant. Thanks for making life miserable.
word! we live in a country where we supposed to respect the authority of a screwed up government.
if I wait any longer to see you...I'll go crazy. This weeks gonna be hell :( Can't wait till Saturdayyyytt
Still here, missing another meeting. Hate when stuff runs over.
embargo bro
My throat hurts o:
I'm so sick of this damn spam!!!
Tell us did you fire your boss and hire yourself in 2011, if you haven't, we'll help you make the transition in 2012!
Why is there still no One Direction tab on your website?? Look how many followers they have, they need their own page!! :)
gave you some props on this morning. Agreed with him.
Im so not ready for today
no like the 50th time
#Brewers turning point in magical 2011 season? A 14th inning walk off win against Colorado in May with bullpen struggling.
RT : Half of people on Medicare live on less than $22k a year. - Tricia Newman, Kaiser Foundation
Our entire Hampton Roads area has been energized by your heartfelt message of encouragement.Thank you for the RT & your remarks
I now live within a mile of 8 bars, hope my mom doesn't get wind of that and try to move in
Infant mortality rates are 2.4 times higher for African Americans than Whites.
oh boy I cant wait to hear it!!! Ill call you shortly
Today was funn !:D but tommorow shuld be better cus im hitting the gym with the girls <3
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A5>
Not sure, I haven't seen the data
Let's go we gotta play defense here!!!!
my parents are stressing me out -____-
Scratch that. Its tomorrow. Whoops lol
Not yet ... you haven't signed it!! :)
OBSESSED WITH
the #devil: when you point your finger at me, remember that you're really pointing 3 fingers at yourself.
Thx God!!!RT : .. LUCKY ASS LAST MIN ASS CATCH.. ELI THRU THE HAIL MARY AND GOD ANSWERED HIS PRAYERS..
love her #greattalk (:
Exchanged my Leica CL with because of a defective meter, replacement arrived QUICK and in PERFECT shape. So happy!
LeBron James says the season won't be a failure if they don't win the title. Wow, that's pathetic.
Derek Stop it! I'm serious!
do you have a cut and color open late Thursday morning?
NP! Keep up the 'good' work!
It gets harder and harder ever moment of everyday. But your worth it because I love you
It's easy, basically u reblog (retweet) or post whatever you want. The ppl u follow show up on ur "dashboard"
Wrap this up: Buy a package of sugar cookie mix, rolling pin,mixing bowl, wooden spoon, sprinkles, frosting, & kitchen towel
Thank you, Jonathan Larson.
about time they made your twitters official.. Hope training is going well for you both!
Amazing to hear how hard worked to get to where she is today! Real dedication.
Okay, then, I reiterate. Would government relaxing restrictions on gay marriage increase or lessen individual liberty?
Had to go into town to buy a volleyball now going back :(
AvantGarb is headed to Orlando this week! We would love to visit!
Happy birthday Uncle Gary! I miss your laugh, your smile, and your voice. No matter how old I get...I will always be your little girl. R.I.P
All Looks Good But Thats Mad LED Poising Right Thier >,,<
If you only knew what i dealin with!!!
High five!
Love u NY GIANTS. God bless u all! We are praying for victory!
When a girl asks where u got you weave and you respond...Its best you snatch that shit out the same time...Cause tmr you'll have a twin
I will be right there.
Education must be a priority in the US and higher education cost must be monitored "it's an imperative"!
RT : Developing love and compassion and reducing anger and spite is a universal activity which requires no faith in any religion.
Ah-ha. Random, seemingly leftie person who has now for the 2nd time referred to the President as "Hussein" on my blog is a libertarian....
The Max trains have always freaked me out... Well the people on them...
Waddup w/all? Interested in a Movie?
RT #ITSMA-AC11 Marketing Excellence for "Marketing with Social Media" - Winners are: Hitachi Data Systems Gold & HP Diamond
I was just so into my workout that I hook punched myself in the jaw.
I'm loving this LHH relationship, LOL... It keeps me on my toes, LOL
That was special.
*shudder and nod* (I think #bloodymary plays a part in PARANORMAL ACTIVITY 3? Gah.)
"I'm not myself today. Maybe I'm you." --Saw on bumper stick this morning
I don't kno wy I'm so mad this morning I just wanna cry for some reason wtf is wrong wit me lol
good 4 u! Pls keep in mind that what works 4 one person doesn't mean it will work 4 ur hair too. Research n learn "your" hair!
Do we need access to personally identifiable records? Why not use sampling techniques or other methods that preserve privacy?
Yeah! Thanks.
Saw Paully D!
RT Fall for the "someone is saying nasty stuff about you" DM? Go Twitter settings >Apps and deauthorize any strange ones.
The new stills don't look UNLIKE them. Just no Beta Ray Bill, plz RT Latest Avengers rumor: Loki's army = Korbinites?
San Diego Social Media Symposium!
S/o to those that support me!!
I want chipotle or pizza
The Slap Shot is Chilling On Ice Tonight For A Big PayDay. Let's go Penguins
So keep the blood in your head. And keep your feet on the ground.
Porn stars have really weird twitter accounts.
CA governor vetoed $144,000 for Curriculum Commission to complete History/Social Science frameworks. $$ redirected to Common Core Standards
Watching Men In Black.
any good deals this weekend for the Big Game?!! We love Papa John's on
Ha! That's the response I expected.
Great night in Milwaukee. Props to the Premiums and the Up and Under Pub for having us. Brady street rules in the 'wauk.
lol, I do that! "Hey I love that song" Yeah cause someone is calling me and it's my ringtone
Sonny Moore is dope!
Tired, hungry, and ready for bed. but guess what... i have homework. two 2 page reports and a presentation. I hope Culinary school is easier
So what was my score yesterday? Take par, double that.....yeah, seems about right
Virginia #museum expert Walt Hayer advises that delegating, strategic planning, job standards will help staff do jobs better & keep sane.
Working 1-8pm today. Bummed that i missed the chat last night with Joe M on the Criminal Minds Fanatic site. Darn internet connection!
at my home
Serbia named to chair OSCE prior to anyone is prosecuted for war crimes for #Srebenica? OSCE mandate includes Human rights.
mine exploded on me 2 nights ago, and almost started my bed on fire.
I think Dropbox is my new fave.
I'm scared of spreading diseases. Just after this movie I saw, i'm washing my hands every once in a while.
While I was in NC I heard some great news! Congratulations!!!!!
its a shame! the death of #amywinehouse...drugs/alcohol is not a joke!
if it gets your panties all up in a bunch why don't you just unfollow me :)
You mean Judith Viorst?
Hour 2 of the show is underway! hanging around for 1 more segment to talk #NBA playoffs and more. Let's go!
word right
All I ask for is reason but ok
Bartlett Regional Hospital has named Lawrence G. Leet director of pharmacy, effective May 14.
Go #BrittanyZika I think they just found a diamond in the rough!
thanks for the follow
New to twitter, lovin it!! Totally major!
Erin Go Bragh! Celebrate St. Patrick's Day with MPTV and #Clannad. The legendary Irish family group perform at Christ Church. 9pm on Ch. 10.
yes yes.. but then we can!
Chopping onion for 4th of July fake-burgers! Got the French's mustard ready, too.
i know that also she said do u have a gf
Thanks Hey , look forward to starting a dialog.
Wow. My scout radar even works when I'm watching a game on TV.
RT : A laugh is a smile that bursts. ~Mary H. Waldrip
I'd hit that
oh I'm glad you guys weren't hip to that info! How's everything going? It's been a while!
“: I probably had my chance at love but knowing me I missed it”not really
Contextual.... ties into interesting events and pop culture.
i'm just not fangirl material, i've never lived in the realm of dating or "like liking" people, that's probably where fangirl manifests...
Huh? How is Nationals Park your home when you live like 5 miles from me? This is #Orioles country son!
It's great to hear a security expert promoting info sharing and open, "social collaborative" approaches
that's a lie
i better
So glad to have USSA! MT : DC bound with the staff. Amazing conference, excited about this new direction.
RT if you are a mahomie for live!
Its a beautiful day to get pierced or tattooed in Albuquerque! Come see us, we'll be here till 11pm
agree - Lil Rounds lost her mojo a while ago - too bad, she has a really good voice. I predict it will be Danny and Adam at end.
why can't i stop eating chocolate? this is so unlike me
Can't focus, HATE HOMEWORK.
New job taking off running....I love it.
Hello,everyone. Planning a meeting with this week.More details coming soon. ;)
We have to generate a national buzz that is going back to congress. Hlp me create that buzz. Plz RT and follow share FB
Help me grow my professional network on LinkedIn. I just joined LinkedIn and created my professional profile. Join my network.
Hottest guy with thick eyebrows on this bus. >>>
On brighter side, breakfast apparently included in hotel room fee.
I don't mind living in a man's world as long as I can be a woman in it. - Marilyn Monroe
It's April in Miami and its like really cold outside, I just don't understand..
Watching 90210. Brenda: "What was that?" Brandon: "I don't know...Mexican Death Rock."
#smallfryarmy sorry I haven't tweeted! Let's talk xoxo tweet me! Rt
we started last year on my bday aug 30member. & I start the 1st.
haha *shrug* i've been a turtle lately kinda. going to Royce's any time soon?
It doesn't even matter? I'm baffled by immaturity, on both sides.
probably from lunch
Come say hi to us!
#Boycott cat food & products sold by who supports #rush #limbaugh HateRadio
It looks like google books makes more information available to Zotero than Amazon.
i didnt get a mised call. call me back hurry
im getting like freakin yelled at
I'm rolling...
Ouch Phil! Looked like somethin off Happy Gilmore!
What's the last #MadeInUSA purchase you made? Were you happy with it?
At Jefferson to cheer up my girl in the hospital
LOL. I wish, but I don't think he'd like me. Talk about a crazy screwed up P-Diddy/Ricky Williams deal!
RT Sec. Duncan’s dilemma: What happens to states that don’t get NCLB waiver?
So tired. Trying to have a catch up convo w Elsa but I'm fading. She's gonna get a 'tude if I rush her off this phone tho...
Pacers and Clippers today.
3 Gold #Addys for Yup—that happened. So proud of everyone & had a blast last night at the
Be proud of who you are
I want to send Welligton mail and have them send me something back.
You have got to be kidding me Capitals.
U'R PROLLY RIGHT..BUT I KNOW PURTY WHEN I SEE IT THOUGH..T/F/S...
First day at my new job. :D ah, lets c how this goes.
“: I make minimum wage because that's what I deserve.”
cooking soup with and #NOTWITTERDYLAN ! iron chef meets chopped.
few more minutes till
The time to do it is now, OPPORTUNITY is BANGING on your door, so OPEN IT UP!!!
Don't people get that it is bad form to speak at the top of your voice in a library? Apparently not.......
sadly. Lol On my way! ;) How was work?
Brewer, Pearce, Sheriff Joe - white supremacist that murdered 4, including a toddler in AZ today - these R the kind of people that LOVE YOU
yea, worked great
Anyone have a good place in Vegas to catch UFC 145?
Had an amazing weekend spending time with all my friends (online). Met some great new friends (online). Can't wait to see u all (online)
Last Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: Reset Motherboard on Dell Dimension 8400 due to power surge after storm in
~le never on this account~
Mothers define altruism. Thank you Mom! :) #Boston #GiveBack. Please Retweet! :)
thanks for the #FF!
A lover of dominatrix. Nice to meet you.
you don't know how your careless words affect me
Maybe high-hat of me tht it matters, but #ColumbusCircle was brilliant mr.
Doing some serious work for film and photography crew in Tampa Bay http:/
Maybe I'll pick mine up in North Ga....can't wait to go up there again! Too much pollen here, inhalers and Hepa's!
We love u too! RT I love you
fuck my dreams, they're fuckin exhausting!!! no rest for the weary...
nothing quite like hand rolled pasta with pig head ragu and tarragon to make a boy smile. come try it tonight
Catcher of the Future!
Congrats from your fans in Baltimore!
Thank god theres a fresh and easy close by!
I remember that time you dropped off ice! What fun!
So this year and next year Im going to do x factor, American idol, and maybe the voice :)
u gotta problem wit my piercings homie?
Is in search of tim horton pumpkin donuts
I know right! Hello! How is ur summer going?:)
We should live every day like it's #EarthDay. Here's to the gorgeous planet we are lucky to enjoy and should treat with the utmost respect.
Search for digital curriculum that is IA standards based
Contemplating lunch.
TIL I can't watch an episode of Malcom in the Middle without immediately launching into a Breaking Bad marathon.
Ever think about being the next Anderson Cooper?
i fucking missed it...
Nearly finished with Le Carre's Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy
This crowd is bored or uninterested or hungover. I see someone filing her nails, a guy who keeps falling asleep and 18 open courtside seats.
so how do u feel about going back to school?
Can you blow my whistle baby ;)
I’ve always believed that you can think positive just as well as you can think negative. - Sugar Ray Robinson
great pick. Needed the help to stop the run.
Sipping on a Lemon Ice Tea
Guess what tomorrow is!
Some people can be really annoying. #pleasestoptalking <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Never seen a pitcher pinch hit. Giants, baby.
thanks boo! Lean from the best!
Just found out I can go to because of #memorial day #FTW!!!!!!!!!
Nope, even better. I tweeted it!
u can go Chicago Bulls/Bears/Ohio State apparel, fresh pair of kicks(sperrys or something), sunglasses, workout shoes...eh?
Man oddii was fired up damn took a lot of guts I think I see those getting watery then they went back goodjob
that may be bc of the long-standing 90s rivalry from Reggie Miller vs Ewing/Starks era (maybe?).
Just landed in Chicago - I am not even wearing my jersey and I can feel the tension in the air
Goiin to bed with him on the brain #likealways :)
RT It's official! Happy Birthday /via
In140 characters i cannot express what i feel for but if could describe him in 3 words i'll say: talented, handsome, kind <3 <3
hey Britt
. and have become helmeted co-pilots in the delightful #bdconf odyssey streaking through my feed.
Going to get some Ice Cream.!
lol wait why?
I haven't quite looked at my schedule either. Sunday is the HLS/Library Boing Boing meet up!
Haha Brent and cam noticed me and cause we put her YOLO MATATA shirt up :)
Anti-bullying play is hosting a FUNdraiser at Cheesie's Pub & Grub Sunday, May 6 from 12-6pm. Grilled cheese and $4 drinks!
Congrats and the rest of the griz family
Wouldn't mind having a waffle #BELGIUM style!!
Job hazard: hearing newborns coo. Need to have myself one of those.
we r having a blast
When females tweet, it usually very entertaining.
aw , how sweet :')I miss you guys too! I'll be there Monday , hopefully ;-)
a bold man always makes a
7th period is always so much fun! *in my country accent* lmao.
MVP = Smallest solution that delivers customer value.
I couldve got my liscense but i missed one question! FUCKIN CHILDISH!!!!!
I kinda feel bad for the evil queen... I can kinda see how she hates Snow White...
So much for the quicky snowstorm. Time to move on to itemizing my deductions for my accountant Loophole Harry.
it's not disagree with me, and in this instance there are African Americans who are offended - so THAT'S WHY
We shouldn't avoid mistakes, what we should avoid is the same freakin mistakes over and over again.
Don't know what I did to deserve you
Useful or not doesn't matter. It still exists for real material reasons.
You > everyone
Filming today in the office. Wednesday December 7th is the opening for the new office-there will be a party and we'll be giving away stuff
Hello Twitter! Big things happening at Carmona Pictures in 2011. Stay tuned...
omg foreal yes yes yes meet u there maybe
RT : So glad you made it--we'll see you soon! RT : Finally in Columbus ! Thanks and everyone at
Do a story on your funding, your support, and what happened.
Happy Sunday all ^_^
Revolution Web Design – Aventura FL’s Leader In SEO And Social Media. 866-203-2002
To ? Or not to ? This is the question!
Yea u don't wana make ya man mad.. Lol smh
Serena Williams Wins WTA Charleston; Davis Cup Results "I definitely want to continue this," Williams said of her fine play, but saying s
Not liking the newest version of #Twitter on my ph,4th version in 4 months,slow loading n strange...
Good team win. Rip city. Go Blazers. Matthews, Chris Johnson and B Roy came up big.
Hope you are having a great weekend. Holla back.
Good. RT : ACLU opposes teacher/adult student anti-dating bill, #AB1861, as constitutional violation for those 18+ yrs old.
I hope you have a great day.. with love your biggest fan :)
#x24 Mexico. Hot wash starting w Mike Fernandez leading-Google+ w NORTHCOM & GlobalBordersCollege & Mex City-how 2 improve disaster response
Yay! :D Thank you <3333 I miss you
Nothing lost Virus makes programs seem deleted but just hidden Restore got back to a kind of Safe Mode but not a fix
I just got an audition for the role of "Chocolate Fairy" in a new project... Do I smell another Hot Chocolate Fantasy moment?
dane cook
If it wasn't for , I would never get a #FF, ever
And I'm drinking top shelf
Thank you!
Need someone who knows what a relationship really is . Not this little kid stuff .
Dandelions fly through blue air...
SIck, as usual. I don't think I've lived one day without feeling like death for at least a good 30 minutes.
let's go camping
Strappy wedges: They're big in DC
Read any good books?
Closed on my condo yesterday.
With all the time I spend staring at a computer screen, it is completely unfair that I still have perfect vision. I WANT SOME CUTE FRAMES!
Loves #google doodle for today showing its stance against
RT : #SNY is now the official TV home of the #UConn women’s basketball team! A minimum of 17 live games will be televised
I'm fighting the urge to pun before 9:30am. Crab/ shell puns
Sunlight from the window is making it hard for me to read the computer today.
Four hours of sleep. Time to write some docs, write some tests, and make some magic.
Everyone fucking calm your tits.
Time for Raw
A little bit jealous that & get to see Vanilla Ice perform at the game tonight. Wish I could make it...
Is it over for the Magic?
Watching Patrick Swayze in RoadHouse! It's a shame a man with that much talent was taken but the Lindsay Lohans are still trolling around.
yeah, just a little sad i guess. how'd you know?(:
Hey sorry, Everyone does like for follow friday and to help friends out. I always want followers so love when others do me
did you find the pic of murray and michaela? if not check out her twitter acct -
Everyone is a genius, but judge a fish on ability to climb a tree & it will live its life believing it is stupid. ~ Albert Einstein
no yourr gay
drinking wine, watching THE GONG SHOW (from my private VHS selection) - great way to wind down
Nothin better than an ice cold glass of #water. Except a
Most efficient. Most excellent. The Platinum Eclipse Power Cord has arrived. So, does power corrupt? Not anymore.
My mom is amazing!
Same to you homie!!
That is, if we are fortunate enough to find such love.
I want a photo of Joe Mays in mouse ears!
Staying after school!!! Bleh! With
NO I WILL LAUGH!
he is christian beadles
Who else is excited for #smbmad with tomorrow?! (Our hand is raised)
But I did enjoy it, and I appreciated the distinct 90s-y-ness of it.
Just wrapped up a catchy song with Peter Wright, a talented songwriter all the way from London. Finally... time to chow down on some grub!
what do you mean? Like call my phone?
Is CSI and Eleventh Hour time
SixFlags this weekend with
Last day of my staycation and I still have a long ass todo list...
"now you can watch nature online" - the tv. Did I just hear that right?? I'm disappointed in you PBS.
come on that was a good comparison !! #ikidding “: The show on ABC just compared Bieber to Christ. #TheWorldIsEnding”
Y'see, that's good, because I'm also in love with you and following you on twitter!
In meeting all afternoon....wowzerz
That means a lot luv! RT S/O new video is official!
I'm very partial to a good blend and the 2008 Headless Red is especially delicious!
BBQ on the quad? You know what that means.
agree. I don't think the excitement is quite the same, but more so with Obama than Romney with the young vote.
Goodnight kisses from my mommy! <U+2665> >>>>>
I'm healing up after a migraine attack last night. I spent 11 hours in bed. 4 of those were not very pleasant.
Please dont make me expect. Please dont lead me on. Please dont leave me hanging. Please dont hurt me. That is all.
Dedications are due TONIGHT!
how long is the flight to Baltimore?
Just had a nice conversation with
Oh! Good to know! May have some stuff for you :D
"Jeans represent democracy in fashion." -Giorgio Armani
around here for sure.
Working from homw today and taking care of the kids so Joan can take a day off
boyfriend- justin bieber= AMAZING. xoxo. <3
Just finished reading Toby Fulwiler's article about WAC from 1984. So much non-change!
So I'm at the vet waiting on my doggie and someone comes in to ask if they can put their dog down and I start crying
Lady Duet, Kockiee, and Reggie CashFlow live 2night @ the hottest strip club n da bay - Bottoms Up!!
Lol!! I was profiled RT : No f'ing way!!!!! That chick who was transporting in hers ruined it for everybody.
It needs a remove duplicates button. I have a whole bunch of duplicates showing up.
FYI: im in your carry-on. :-)
Haven't. Give me the address again?
I Don't Really Care about anyone/anything except my closest friends and music
Thankyou...and how was your week?
i am so bored gosh i never knew i could be this bored
See, I knew alcohol was involved!!!! //cc:
Im good. Working going to school and taking care of my son. I see you having a bby
RT: Have you visited NYPOST.com from you cell phone lately? Check out our new mobile site!
All women are different: all blonde - fools all red - the witches, all brunette - female and only men are all the same - just the box!
This madness never ends!
Nice people make my day!
Twellman inadvertently points out the big flaw in Pajoy's game, saying he needs to be a hold up player now.
What was Taylor wearing? Hahahaa
Always thanking God and appreciate the things he did for me.
Omg this is a long ass night
i cannot wait for the return of the Bluths!!!
Rehearsing evan ziporyn's opera A House in Bali - in Bali and getting schooled in legong
tough for CBS. No duke, and can't have nantz/kellogg call UNC/Ohio.
S/o to this rum and coke my uncle just poured me
RT : Ron Paul has suspended his active campaigning and will go back to The Shire and tell tales of his adventures.
Good Morning Beautiful People! Rise and Grind #LightsCameraAction - XavierLT.com
it has insane amounts of potential.
Holiday....finally
Welcome to A Beginners Guide to Keyword Research! Ask your questions here.
let me love you.
Oh you mad cause knowbody ever did it like me..
@ Suns v.s. Lakers ... This season seems so odd. It's like the teams just aren't into it (fans too!)
thanks homie, be on the look out
Your black as ace of spades
yeah, and hot too though.
": Wilmington waduppp!!!"u played great kid
This new #ios5 is awesome!!
Just bought $50+ worth of stuff from Amazon. Bad librarian is bad. So hard to avoid them when they have the monopoly!
December is the aim
I'm BETTER than yo favorite rapper.lol but
hrm...... Will poke more and get back to you
To ramp up sales force success w/ new product quicker, is anyone creating sales story repository w/incentives to add to/learn from?
I'll be ready
i was actually saying that having some juice left probably meant you were in good company...but i guess it works both ways
thank you! :)
Very nice of Obama to recognize me at UNC today! I didn't get booed this time. Maybe I should run for re-election after all!!
and thats to all you club rat/ partying hoes that fuck and suck and think about the next guy in line...thats not the way to live and ur...
THESE BITCHES DIDN'T INVITE ME TO ZUMBA!!! -____-
Great day at Gateway! Power of Prayer!
Sundance film festival. Who's here? Where are all the A listers?
#FavoriteLyric Baby you ligjht up my world like nobody else -1D ;D chow!
LOL!!!! Smoking and Playing the Kinect is not a good combo!!!!
"Anyone want a iphone? Inbox me if you do!" right because we all have jobs and get paid enought to pay you for your dumb phone.
I doubt it
it's my favorite stuff boxee...geek code
queen bee
The Oracle is now available for preorder! Official PR campaign starting this week! The Six on TV this week! Lots of exclamation points!!!
SMH in frustration today. If you own a # of domains for the same co., reminder: you can't duplicate content on each site! BAD for your
I understand you need that little chump change I gave you. But you breached your contract. Be a man.
“: I wish I had a personal masseuse..”
hahaha!! me too
for the people who dont want dye all over there hands?
Thanks for setting everything up Chellee! I had a great time!
I have the Facebook application "Selective Twitter Status". So, when I end a tweet with #fb, it updates my FB status, too!
Yes, I do... with a lot of guidance so they understand how to do it. Especially on a first paper
let me see that thong!!!
Your 21st century feminist declaration has drawn fire like every one that came before. You would think by now...
....I'm never on here, but I guess I need to start! What it do fb....I mean twitter!
as you know, I'm so happy for you :) well said, my dear!
RT : POSTPONED! Parade of Light & Luminaria at Patterson Park is moved to Sun Oct. 30. Same activities,location & times for events
Current Fellow Andrew Gaddis is talking about his free Charm City Clinic at the Men and Families Center in East Baltimore.
In the "zone": one must be involved in an activity with a clear set of goals. This adds direction and structure to the task.
you have more strength and courage than you give urself credit for. My heart hopes and feels bc of your honesty.
Why is sleeping with a man like a soap opera? Just when it's getting interesting, they're finished until next time.
#ifeellike it would be better if you
No radio program for the next two weeks!
wish I was
lets get the w
At a brown bag discussion re: access to court records w/ 's danny jacobs
You just reminded me how INFATUATED I am with Jaques Torres Chocolate Shake <3
ppl are really stupid, it doesnt matter if they're gay or not, they're people, and they should all be treated fairly
Doing what I do -- working sources, getting contacts and being awesome. Just another day in my life.
oh i see it ha. i like that :)
It's kinda old.
I don't have my own dresser, but if he cleaned off the bathroom counter, I'd be elated!
aw thanks for the shoutout<3333
holidays with my lovely family and fantastic boyfriend #merrychristmas !
Hope to see everyone out for the show tomorrow at Steak Nina in Finneytown! We will start playing at 10pm. See you there!
we wont have to trust me, everythings final
oh I know, just havin' some fun!
Thank you for your kindness Much appreciated watch tonight will value#Veterans at 8est
Follow back a proud Dodge Challenger owner? :)
Words of Wisdom
I just wanted to do hood rat things with my friends.
change - taylor swift
. Aren't they actually the future of the discipline?! Pay attention to what they're working on.
Holy fawwwk. My dad's snoring is on some other shit tonight.
"Believe me when I say I'm not afraid. I heard the devil call me by my name."- The Lawrence Arms
I love
You see how my account is set up I cant just follow anybody..
this coming Sunday. I'm stoked.
took jose's glasses!^.^ #winning!
i just threw my back out sliding off the dance floor i think. hahaha. shitshow.
yeah no kidding. Way out of my league as well. You start the paperwork to patent the phrase yet? I want the first t-shirt.
I read this and a grecian chorus started to play as I agreed sfm
getting you'r teacher to play boyfriend .. hmm SCORE ! I love this song , i will never get tired of it . Love you justin (:
i am chillin
following you! :)
See you tonight! RT Another double up tonight. First and after. See you there!
Mahogany Restaurant Trash Can Receptacle
I had to be to work @ 8 and the opening manager still isn't here.
“: G'morning! It's super bowl Sunday. Who y'all got? I'm rollin wit the Pats” Rollin with the pats too! :)
I just live Zenday she's a role modle
Says to me that there is no trust.
you could follow us and read our tweets #JamachiTips. You might not be too bored anymore.
I get to work brunch today with and she's fixin donuts and brioche cinnamon rolls.
So Wht Black girls wear weave> White girls are way more fake. They Tan,Get Surgery, implants, lip injections (ass inject) .
Both digitally-born literature & post-print fiction, like House of Leaves. Not for 1 class but as a flexible curriculum title.
i want to be wherever you're at in your picture
then you was like im not gonna tell you who it is
Helping a large health plan upload data for a physicain group with 190 providers. #Foxtrot is auto-loading all 190 providers in to Cactus.
killing it right now.
Headed to #victoryfield #avonbaseball gonna get a big #W today
Are you spread too thin at work? It's not too late to see Ed Muzio in Denver Sept 15 www.ispi-frc.org
oh ok..where u work and stuff
LIFE, BREATH, STRENGTH...
not members club but I have a ticket in 129 for sale
Rain time <3
This guy can go to bed happy
hahaha that is so awesome! You guys are hilarious!
Fantastic stuff. RT "What I'm having right now is an inappropriate physical reaction to my complete joy for you."
I had a great time today. See ya soon.
Did I just hear a college hoops announcer talk about a team having an "enforcer"?
line cook have you heard of "behind" before... now i have no feeling in my finger tip for the day ..
Zelda a link to the past
Same here. c:
Ok just one more episode
If you're not wearing bacon lube you're not really playing
True Story RT ": I'm too cool for TWITTER"
I love u so much... I literally cant stop watching Vh1 Behind the music :) #SitaSwag .. I hope one day well meet c: :)
nothing. But you just reminded me how sad I am that you moved to Kentucky!!!!! >:(
It's you. You're the one I like .
#nercomp12 connectyard is designed to be a hub and spoke model to connect all other means of communication
went to the premier of Brief Encounters on Broadway at Studio 54. Amazing show, go see it!
On Wed. money manager on CNBC said he is redeploying assets and buying stocks here. Bullish. Really? Thurs market down over 500 pts.
Hope we can!
Well that sounds lovely RT : Guess I'll go lay in the grass & write poetry until the sun goes down.
- Thanks so much!!! That was my first Twitter birthday wish ever! (wasn't tweeting this time last year...) #YouWin!
Monday, Monday! Stop by room 254 Van Hise from 2-3pm for our Seminar Series: Incorporating Teaching Technology in a Non-equipped Classroom
Heading up to Togos from fan village in Expo. Good crowd inside!
Had an audition for my first pilot!
If the reindeer where going to drop off a new Chevy in your driveway, which one would you want?
Some women are single because they treat their man like their son
really? thats how u feel? :(
Non-demoninational prayer service for #Chardon, today at Solon High School staring at 3pm.
The Weirdest Football Fan Youve Ever Seen! Does it look awful to you?
Whoa! These people are crazy!
no prob, good luck on the contest! he's a cutie!
I think Prometheus looks better. But that's also because of my affinity for Sci-Fi (specifically for the Alien universe)
Divide and conquer? How about consolidate and overcome.
Loving that it's controlling all the anti gay candidates! Oh the irony.
Payroll Hawaii, Special Elements of Hawaii Payroll Law and ...
i think i know what your going to say!!!!
RT RT I hate how chocolates immediately melt on my fingers. I mean, am I THAT HOT?
Ugh squirming in the
ha. Yeah totally saw u and I thought -I know her. 'She's Internet Famous' :)
I LOVE the words Always & Forever, Together our by themselves <333
Gene Simmons thighs look...old? Like hams? Gross.
worth it
#BreatheSpell = Amazing Awesomeness!!
Just got smacked in the face with a baby wipe! ha!! She threw that shit from 5 feet away n hit me square in the face. HAHA!!
really? I totally forgot about that. Glad we had that little tv in the office though...
Battling the Albuquerque wind in search of my garbage cans.
Our world is only going to move forward as fast as the honesty as the information that is openly shared.
a very young n pretty gurl hung herself in her memory arlington heights high school flew purple n pink balloons in the air for her <3
Lol I officially have Boyfriend as my ringtone
I'll look into edge rank for Instagram. I do know that videos uploaded to FB rank MUCH better than YouTube links.
Im a Greyson fan and and alli fan. I do wish I was alli. Go ahead and hate.
Pete's clearly sweating, all buttoned up in pastels.
This clear polish is crap.
RT I'm cleared!!! I can exercise again!!! woohooo!!!
Johnny & Maxine's Huge Announcement!
our 2011 fundraising calendar is done and we can't wait to show you all what we have in store at Right Direction!
Agree. Cousins will battle for No. 2. Analysts to say this is media contrived QB controversy don't know fans.
He'd be great a cricket.
Midnight train usually heads to Georgia.
ha, quite the soul read! #howDoesHeDoIT?
Dinner with recruits at Cheesecake Factory! Never not signed a guy that we bring here. Hope luck hasn't run out!
Hope can find a way to do what I still think is a good mission, stopping Kony's reign of terror, in a way that is more sensitive.
Ladies and Gentlemen, King Henrik is REIGNING saves all over these Caps.
im practicing liness or roles or whatever and its getting complicating acting. like how am i gonna do this in front of the school .......
Tns for the follow
ill get you back Capi
you ate a whole wheel of cheese?
good win tonight lets put that behind us and focus on the next game. Keep up the good work
Quick, someone go steal Marilyn Monroe's ass while its in pieces.
Going to get marsh donuts they the best
no matter who sings it, love bob dylan's 'make you feel my love.'
Omr I feel so bad 4 them kids in Haiti and in japan Omr forget omg thatz oh my god omr is oh my ridiculous
CHEESECAKE!!! Sorry
Has anyone checked in on and gotten our Juicy Cheese Pizza for only $4?
No, you are!
I support gay marriage; but not gay child rearing
Not so fast, that's P4k weekend and M83 is playing that anyways and I bought my ticket so you should go.
I just noticed 90% of my girlfriends have curves... I barely have any really thin or skinny girlfriends. It just happened that way lol
Any artist are models wanna go to atlanta for 3 days and meet with agents, dj's, or a&r's hit me up ASAP... 300$ cover hotel rooms & travel
thanks for retweeting
Did they give you a free mug?
"If People Are Tryinq To Brinq You DOWN Its only cuz your ABOVE them"
and now Mauer?.... “: SOURCE: Joe Mauer seriously leaning toward joining Twitter. Stay tuned. #GetMauerOnTwitter”
Whipping up a Mother&#39;s Day stack
I have also thought about the same thing in relation to other medical issues. Tell everyone and get help.
Call. me. lame. one. more. time. and. I. wont. do. a. thing.
So, Premiership Champions elect right now? For how much longer? Sort of glad I'm not watching.
I love both. This weekend I am coaching do that's on my mind. Lol. Hope u r doing great!!
Genius is eternal patience. -Michelangelo
very true hahaha
I might be able to fyi I've never really played before
So is choosing winner for their tees. Oh how I wish I could win one since I feel like I'm part of #NARS anyway :)
Clans of long ago got rid of their unwanted people without killing by burning their houses down; hence the expression “to get fired”.
Possible that new sections will be added for high-demand classes. Contact your department directly with questions.
Watching Food, Inc again. I feel sick.
We are pleased to announce that we surpassed our 2011 Annual Fund goal. Thank you to our generous donors!
Is this a direct quote? #romney I'm sure it is in private... Kyt :j
- Good possibility Ryan Braun will have day off on Wednesday. Considering you're coming down for the game... that sucks.
Editing an article about taming digital distractions. And simultaneously checking Twitter.
going tonight how was traffic to sports arena? Diff you stand or sit I've got seats don't know where from Garry Tallent side??
I Screamed So Loud I Woke Up My Neighbors From EIGHT House Away.!
#WhyDoiAlways Read words.
"All of our staff have tablet PCs too" -Tommy
are you here? Have a great time!
"You always giggle falsely."
You didn't. But that doesn't change the fact that I am old.
I watch the videos all the time. It's definitely my goal to go this year.
great talent from small state, not known for bball talent. I like the Iowa boys to do well, now if they would pick
Happy birthday to that Paisa , that's always doing good rat shit. Now he could snort cocke out of womens belly buttons.
please eat better sushi than that.
Are you in the Boca area? Well Boca has a Stroller Strides too! Check out their fanpage Stroller Strides of Boca Raton
SHOW this Friday at the Trip in Santa Monica. Show starts at 11:30
#np im gone- tyga feat big sean
Changed my FB cover photo to a hilarious pic of & from a few years ago. It's helping lift this gloom I've been under.
RT : RT : This Cathy Rodgers is a real piece of work #Hardball // Totally //wait till she's beaten! Then...
Even this will pass.
Went to da concert last night
No nuts!
You know what FRANNY...know what's evern scarier...Ike has 3 hits at CITI...& GUESS WHO IS KEEPING PACE WITH YANKS AND THEIR ALMIGHTY LINEUP
Knowledge is a priceless gift, especially when one learns its effective application to realize a noble purpose!
90's Nick shows.... There is nothing better
i tagg my twitter nme everywhere so people can follow me all over chicago lol
she was said to be seen crying out of her hotel and there have been no lovey dovey jelena pics lately lol stuff happens
So many funny improv stars
yea, good stuff
to play in exhibition on Tuesday, June 12 at 7:00 p.m. at Hersheypark Stadium
Nail shop tomorrow whoop
You may never know what results come of your actions, but if you do nothing, there will be no results. - Gandhi
We love you too!
I love thursday cause then that means Fridays tommorow
Problems are just situations looking for solutions
today dragged i swear. . .
what mall?
is that wat i think it is
change it too.. James twifey lol kidding yeah change it to goddess
I just got pranked by my sister and cousin -_-
I KNOW i've been workin all weekend :(
Supporting my brotha at Automatic Slims
RT : Is that a bedpan? <-- yes. We have no pride.
And... we're back up.
I found bubble wrap(: yay
follow me i follow you how does that sound to you fair or no
Dream Match Play Opponent?
Sean Woods Morehead State.
I'm so offensive over my gauges.
Would you talk? Jennings had zero catches on 5 targeted passes. He would not talk after the game.
business owners in Baltimore-unique advertising opp for $10-175, funds raised benefit non-profit scholarship fund, ad will b in program book
barley but thanks for asking
On a positive note, my thyroid is back to normal. Now to shift this weight...
She's a slut, it's okay..nobody likes her anyways...she stinks
I'm in that two seat lambo with yo girl she tryin' to jerk me
So FB now tells you when people read your IM's & messages. Lmao so youll now know when people read your shit, and just ignore you!
I'm starting to find 20 year olds annoying....I know I'm getting old.
Chris Brown YEAH!!
whatup danja! too bad we didn't get to chill more down in austin, just got back to chitown we gotta jam soon man!
Good Morning and ! Thank you for the follow, my dears.
New picture, I know, I know, I look like a younger, sexier Denzel
Reds game tomorrow
Solid day - #ADPonCampus #Calpoly Pomona LBSA, coffee chat, and on my way to Univ of La Verne for an etiquette dinner!
good shit! Where's the other design you showed me from way back?
#Text MIRAGEDAYSPA to 90210 for #VIP offers from Mirage Day Spa in #Reno, NV. We'll help your favorite business go #mobile too!
#MvsW Q: it's not just shot blocking, it's the collapsing of 5 6ft+ monsters around a goalie padded like a sumo.
Happy Friday everyone, enjoy your weekend !
you could do well in the MLS, except don't join L.A. You can play against Beckham... It'd be just like old times!
#peanutallergy #treenutallergy girl sat near us at dinner & ordered a hand-mixed milkshake with the rents. Still risky- lots of nuts around!
I've given the a piece of my mind. Support the WI recall, or I'm leaving the party.
I sure do love a good nap!
we need to hang out
heyy bissssh... where my grown man at! We gotta hit LegoLand!
That was kinda funny tho
Up way too early as usual!
Yeah I'm safe. I'm always armed anyways, I carry at least 2 weapons fully loaded at all times.
DOA's Carla Vigue: There's been no real trouble inside Capitol. People doing what they're there to do. No decision if they can spend night.
it would mean alot to me if you would follow me back!
#UPEIAN105 The 2 articles for Thurs. are by Miner on the Nacirema (a personal fave) and Merry on Human Rights
I'm not very good at staying mad, and that's why you never know something is wrong.
What an awesome weekend!! :) RT : Psyched! for dinner tonight, tomorrow night!
thanks for the follow Roberta! :)
I just heard my phone it sounded like it was coming from inside my acoustic
From MPD: 30-year-old Madison man shot at a UW Credit Union Wednesday is dead. Police were pursing the man for robbery and kidnapping.
it's delicious. you should give it a try. Lemongrass is good, M & L delicious, but M & L is always crowded/impossible to sit down
Get it!! haha
Great q right? RT : asked what blogs to follow Josh stated he looks at Twitter individuals to follow
oh cool, any links to music I could listen too?
Join us after the 3pm of #IAmMontana today for a talk with Prof. David Merriman on the effects of urban Walmarts on the #Chicago community.
ok ill tell you when im putting it out ok :)
weather is terrible here too - way to cold for April
“ #AOarithmetic it's 7 girls out together at the club how many are hoes”<-----6
Pacquiao is the best.now only if Mayweather stops acting like a bitch.I mean he'd rather go to prison for 30 years than fight the man.WTH
try to fight through! You can get fruit or if that doesn't work get skinny cow ice cream or candy! They're yummy!
Thanks for the followin' Jenny!
Dillon and Miss Kitten work with me every day! :)
Looks Delish!! Happy Easter!!
okay! Good that's what I'm working in & didn't wannabe alone (:
Bet he has more fans than you do, though.
Yep..well...not Folger's (different brand)..but still got coffee nonetheless. =]
With hoodie and sunglasses , I was called Phil Laak twice, which I happily accepted. However my favorite all time physical comparison..
hahahaha its like slapping god in the face
Everyone follow , She's a bit technologically challenged and could use some help but her blog is worth a peek!
You can only do so much!
hope you get well soon!<3
Sadly, I'll be in Minneapolis this weekend! Going to miss all of the fun. What's going on at Anthro?
I'm singing my heart out rn to Say Somethin.
What is wrong with your shoulder? I don't know where has been hiding lately.
It does not matter how slowly you go so long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Snowless snow day got you confused and not wanting to go out? We'll be delivering all day, just give us a little extra time.
Ha for sure, we had three people taking pictures and at least one taking video, plus a live mix with new songs, so watch for that
Great message super cool idea...especially "O"
Need a t-shirt designing facility suggestion.. Only making a few shirts and want to keep costs down
Definition of a Magnet - Something you find crawling all over a dead cat.
you should come to dallas!
Let me relax your mind my lady.
Tonight John Chimes #blues 6pm, Mike Massey & Francie Phelps 9pm
I pulled up results in am to see past few days. Costly lunch mtg I had missing this one. Nothing better than $55 horse
Up & At 'Em..time to #rise&grind with JenoLo Clothing Thinking of getting a booth for Indy Black Expo as 1st trade show event
that's wassup.
planting tomatoes tomorrow...hatching a plan to fight the squirrels.
You need not concede dignity to be kind. And you need not exert cruelty to be feared and respected. Assert your presence as the...
Only if it wasn't true!
my only agenda concerning Noel is that he unofficially visited the school I support. No need to come at me for stating facts.
Know any good models of in-gallery interpretive material for children? love to hear yr thoughts!
I want an 8 tattoo so bad.
My point was the OFA = Zomg funding. "need more money to win" is technically always true.
Are you guys super fans of Echo1USA and me?
fact one of broadus clay dancers from Milwaukee #somebodycallmymama lol
what days do you work this week? We gotta go to the Y
People will buy anything... if the price is high enough.
Can anyone answer me why the first "i" in the #PHILLIES logo has a thicker white border than the second/last "i" in their logo?
Why don't cops EVER use their blinkers? Above the law?
I'm back LA. Missed you.
Looking for male promo models to work at the SF Pride Festival this weekend. Contact if available.
lol I was gonna tweet this too
Awesome fish tacos today!
The final nail in the coffin. I can't say that I'm happy about it-- but I am feeling a bit of relief.
Things can only go up from here today right?
How'd it go?!
you'd have to fight me for it lol
are you at #ahcj11 too? With Marshall Allen does that mean there are three Star-News alums in Philly?
It feels great to be back in #Milwaukee but fuck it's cold. #Lawrence def has better weather. Be there soon
Aww don't cry
#Grading quota for the day = achieved. Reward = Rebirth Brass Band!!!
no fucking way!!!
There is little room for compromise when it comes to being innovative. Be committed to being the best you possible.
don't worry i'm not leaving you quite yet!
Just got back from a trip to #Solvang CA. Can recommend the Book Loft for the books and Los Olivos Cafe (in nearby Los Olivos) for the food.
Not saying they're better without Rose, but Bulls do an awful lot of standing around and watching Rose dribble when he's out there.
She nailed it! They love her! Line for interviews and photos! So happy for her!
36 years old here, you find its funny that you're the only person in the world that doesn't think it's an upset?
Aunt Natalie is 89 & more beautiful than ever! Off now to discover more of city in the drizzle & delight of this fine day!
I paid to watch this, almost 1 period gone and I have missed 4 goals. Will I get a refund?
RT : Event Reminder Wednesday March 7 SAG-AFTRA Informational- Meeting Maimi, FL for Spanish Language Performers. Details:...
#Text WHIZ to 90210 for #VIP alerts on #specials & #discounts from Shugar’s Philly Deli in #Philadelphia. Nothing beats #mobile for deals!
Interactive music booth at Poulsbo Street Dance and Kids stage in the gazebo Aug 13th 3-9pm Savor style
Mention this tweet and get half off any regular priced drink for the REST of the day today!
Who did I enjoy watching more today #Boston Red Sox or JLo on #America #Idol? Wow that's a tough one:)
. make people not scared of their own enthusiasm. cultivate that energy and let it feed what you do.
Yes they should, the NCAA will be coming soon.
I feel like im watching a basketball game when watching celebrity apprentace and survivor...
RT : great film!
I'm cody. I hate twitter followers.
Sorry, but this "Ivy being involuntarily committed and having court-mandated therapy for surfing in a storm" plot REALLY annoys me.
Glad you dig it!! Thank you for the support!!!!
Bout to take a smoke break :)
We need to send these Mexicans back to where they came from. These ones here at the Library are like RATS!!! No respect for anyone here!
Woot RT : Q6: I'm a mild persona, but when it comes to salsa, I like it screamin' HOT!
Say what you wanna say
Can anyone connect me with a native or nearly native French speaker ASAP? I have a few questions... (Plz RT)
Congrats to all who made last night a sellout..get tix for "don't u luv me?" tuesday 9PM at indyfringe
Chicago Defender: "...on the account of the only point of difference between men, that of the color of the skin." #239DaysLive #NAACP [2/2]
If one death in the family can't get me to #SB46, I'll consider murdering a relative. Any suggestions?
It's really sad to see all these young athletes passing away or getting seriously injured from cardiac arrests.
hey that's good I'm good
I'm wearing a giant bib right now eating in my car going to last min aud. Goes 2 my knees.
My best friend and constant companion Shy-Anne pasted away this morning. She was the world's best dog. Good girl Shy-anne, good girl.
The command was not to like but to love.
i get 22 year old kids not getting it. i do. I just think it's alarming how uneducated people who play the sport are
Tell them i say hi..lol
The pope? RT : Guess who's getting sushi :D
im gonna die because I need to a crap. Reason why I just got back from the hong cong buffet
see how that lmaoo
Was not into being a part of twitter, mostly standing on the sidelines watching the plays develop. Now want to get involved.
NOBODY CLICK ON THE LINK! It is a spam/virus.. SORRY!
This can change re So many people die without discovering their #creativity, talent & full potential; what a loss for humanity
I recommend the death penalty for his hair.
fugg yeah!! Like a got damn ninja
Cain credits a businessman who served on 'Americans for Prosperity' board- founded by Kochs bro's-w helping devise “9-9-9” plan.
Couldn't agree more. Is it Saturday yet?!
Is everybody sitting on the plane sending tweets?
I really wanna go to the movies
Thank you for your continued support.
Can one become a legend in sports if you have a NCAA violation on your resume?
#Staal with a 10 game point streak!!
right on my brotha! I owe you big time! Love you brotha
great to meet you too! loved the DIY hat!
Thanks Sushma! :) ^dr
Thanks Andre! Great to have your insight and hear about your experiences!
I totally agree
...Ballys by the airport is now Blast fitness! When did this happen? And what is this Blast fitness?
Class Act!
My heart goes out to my friends in on the loss of their FOH last night Rich Caldwelll. RIP buddy. Gonna miss you tons! :-(
West up on twitter
JFK wishes u were here yo
My goal for the day is to seek out, locate, and purchase exactly one ass ton of boric acid.
No! is speaking on May 7 but it's already sold out!
Good news! We are in the process of sourcing buffalo so we can keep our burger on the menu! It's too good to say goodbye to
did you get a fork? Black it out!
I hope none of Rick Santorum's kids are girls. So is he against protecting them from HPV or against being forced to opt out?
it seems like there are fewer moderates than there used to be in DC, I'm no expert but both parties are catering to extremists
i love british accents :D
RT Indianapolis Colts "Make It Personal Tour" this afternoon at the Giant Midway in the Memorial Coliseum Parking Lot....
love always protects, always trusts, always hopes, & always preserves.
Makes me feel like its my fault.
They need to make radios for DJ ears.
If you're driving a Honda Element, no offense, but it's not nice enough to purposefully take up 2 parking spots. Neither is my jeep.
Oh , I Gotta Change My Twitter Name . Lmfao ,
F*ck! My top ear piercing is closing!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
"Every silver lining has a cloud." - Mary Kay Ash
I know the feeling chica
#shedidntcallbecause you're a 30 year old man who rocks skinnies, brohawk, and scream Taylor gang!
ahh I freaking love you Ben!:') *tears of joy* you're soo lucky!
The time has come doo I'm currently looking fah ah car
Thinking about visiting the sauna weekly. I've heard great things about it. Plus steam is great for your vocal cords!
my phone died :(
You can only be a kid once so make it last -Hannah Douglas
Ready to go for my second #workout and bed
yes we shall I hope your studying goes well
Pissed at sumone so many words i could use so lil time
oh kate i miss you<3
Tx for the RT! So nice to meet you! Hope you ck out our sunscreen. Dev by lifeguard & avid surfer
just got the rough mix of our song from today! can't wait for you guys to hear it.
Trying to get a group of hangover people to paintball by 8. This is tougher than I thought.
if we trade down we better only move 2, 3 spots at most and get a extra second. Anything other then that, fuck no
i'm honestly pissed. that's the second time this week.
Having Drew's b-day party today. hard to believe he's almost 1!
when u hoopin?
Happy birthday to , a great writer! look forward to Batgirl!
The Univ of MD Student Acad of Audiology, "Hear the Turtle," would be pleased to have you walk with them at the DC Walk4Hearing on 11/6!
Theres just something so happy to waking up to the sun shining :-D
several, actually. I stand by the assessment.
Most people dabble their way through life, never deciding to master anything in particular. -Tony Robbins
just wanted to say i see you working, and appreciate your courage on publicly addressing bpd. congratulations, man.
“: I judge anyone who tweets "Happy 420" today. It's Hitler's birthday and the anniversary of the Columbine shootings.” // yikes!!
May we all experience positive evolution in all that transpires in our world, with appreciation for the moments.
I hope the Jeff Withey Project never ends. Nice win Hawks. RCJH.
RT damaging your teeth every night, over and over.
If Bill Walton gets a craving for sweets, he's set; a 5-ft. tall tribute to him in chocolate sits in his home made by local pastry chef.
I don't remember where I read it, but there was an article out yesterday that said they were happy to be interacting with attendees
It's a Wonderful Life is a story about how one person changes his world by existing. Rotary members are like this to the world.
how about thurs? I can't Wednesday. Where to?
I want to experience the feeling of being a cheerleading world champion
Where did this weather come from? And has it lowered the Pollen count? Umm not really.. we are hitting around 10.2 for the day!
hey i cant retweet that my phone wont let me but i tried!
Raindrops keep fallin' on my head ... no, wait. That's cat drool. ON THE BACK OF MY EFFING NECK.
Fool just tried a twista song at karaoke. Can't suck harder than that.
A few days till Valentine's Day and still single!!
ok thats whats up, ill check him out and see if we can work somethin out. good lookin bro
I'm so tired of the sweet, smart, cute guys living so damn far away... -.-
AND TO YOU! A happy #wawinemonth to you
Psychedelics for #military use has come a long way since the days of LSD.
kill it at Haze tonight boys!! When you gonna come in to ??
April is National #Volunteer Month, so we are super #thankful for our thousands of volunteers across the valley!
Serious fun at the conspirator mtg this morning. We predict: a banner year for the dogs and the ponies.
Great. Be sure to let me know when you come to
I'm retweeting my mom. RT NEVER disappointed with you. Ur a marvel to me & I love you so much.
both were amazing
Brady and the guys definitely will be looking to get revenge on the Giants.
Why do people insist on being assholes to other people really?! #loveeverybody <---- my motto
Haha love you too care bear
Hahaha, those are definitely totally awesome.
In horrible pain and can't sleep but still have a joy in my heart. I love this feeling. Thank you Baby Kerr!!
OMG. IT'S AMAZING. I WAS JAMMING OUT . <3
and its #monday. #coffee please!
I dnt see how that song made it to the radio stations <
you was the busy one, not I
I'll go with just Bacon.
Line has gone. The wait is now 1 hour wait
#CIO Quote of the Day: My peers are measured by the value they contribute to the biz. I want to be measured on that as well.
yeah I would rather attend a mixed sex book club with a specific book genre, like literary fiction.
RT : We just received confirmation will be stopping by #SHiFt Conference on Thursday. Will you be there?
The old saying that "success breeds success" has something to it.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> no Gillette
lmfao. #DONE, but Is true, TMUS, would KILL who ever wins,
You're very welcome! Please keep the great articles coming!
lets go guys
Splurge Gang performing live tonight at tropical martini!
time for a vacation ! =/
well since you don't have one now you'll be able to get one when you go back. Because you haven't seen everyone this summer
My tummy hurts again :\
They did it on their own. They essentially opened up the feed that was running the results on their page.
bro bump V-day, Thursday is national pancake day!! get excited!
how you know you've met a future a miller lite creeper tries to buy you a jager shot, she gets her male friend to step in.
Snowy, slick roads downtown - Anyone else have trouble getting into work today?
i hate chicks that sit on they ass and think everything is supposed to come to them
Time for my workout/run. Feeling great!
You are the designer of your own life. What do you want to create?
East Oakland Legend nigga yea I hold da Bay down yea I spit Monkey Bars I got em lik a PlayGround
In a word, fantastic.
Hey Kim...Hope All Is Blessed W/You & Yours.
What is up with these "Congratulations, but boy are you screwing up conversations" tonight?
Thanks for the mention .....
I love North Beach but the plethora of amazing pizza here is NOT good for my pizza addiction.. I could eat Tony's Pizza Napoletana 24/7
oh yeah - it was awesome
#MyFavoriteDrakeLine I'm allergic to comin' in second, but I never sneeze.
Oh God..oh no...5 missed calls from my mom while I was sleeping till 1.
okay i have a meeting today at 1pm so lets meet at 3 to go over the projects.
SMH. if you dont like it too bad.
The Space Needle is going RETRO tomorrow afternoon in preparation for our 50th Anniversary on Saturday, April 21!
they spell it wrong. It's spelled with K's. I'll have to try it for myself ;)
Tx for RT'ing my Learn to Play An Instrument interview in Time
Thanks man, one game at a time.
anyway... I ate a hamburger today. There.
I been up since eight o'clock, no sleep whatsoever.
Seeing tthat you moved on put me ten step back from forgetting about ''us''.
Me too!! Cross your fingers for me ;)
Good morning
I know it will be great. Those other shows have nothing on u. Peace!
Your actually amazing!, your feeds are so true, keep them up!xx
Some great football today! I just Wis. to pull this thing out over MSU and RGIII is the truth, he would get my Heisman vote...
Thank you for ruining the Bachelor season finale, Why did you do that?!
We will find out officially who we lose tomorrow. Most mock drafts say Harrington
My dad's comments and posts on my Facebook items are incredible. That is all.
I know I just saw it, this breaks my heart </3
I just finished my children's recital. So proud of them.
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! :) Safe travels today!
Can i hug you? Like seriously. That was poetry what you just said. Can there be more boys who talk like that? :)
There's also a guy running for metro council nicknamed "micro"
You know what I don't understand why do people put their purses in their trunks? What good is this
Oh excited! What day will you get here?
Asia cheese
follow back? :) I love your bio btw x
nope, it's this Saturday!
Tonight we will be closed to the public for a private event. We will be open at 11:00am for lunch. Come get one of your WSWB favorites!
lol i made up an excuse to yo mom she wasn haven it
Excellent idea.
A la Myspace circa 2003, current mood: Bittersweet.
Sounds like your meeting is an, um, enlightening one.
so what I mean by that is, try it out in a non-committed way. don't spend a bunch of (personal) money on it unless you know.
What futuristic movie set did J Lo get her outfit from?
How do rain drops marry?-They coalesce
thank u for that! I miss u all so freaking much! Even saw Bosie! Good day, great cause!
Congrats on that openSNP phallus milestone!
1 in 5 relationships now start online but the other 4 start with tequila
Remember when Senate Republicans cared about student loans and keeping college affordable? Yah, me either.
Thanks for the follow!
Whenever I'm feelig anti-social (a frequent occurence), my knee-jerk reaction to all solicitation for my inclusion is: "I will eat you."
thanks Dave! Keep checking us out :-) and tell your friends
I look forward to the 4:10pm #Detroit City Council special mtg where we'll review the financial stability plan page-by-page.
Tired, schools over :) hope the snow storm hits hard so we have no school tommarow :)
Pearly gates for sure! RT : I have either died and gone to heaven or my office did indeed just install a kegerator.
Stopping watching those silly robins on your lawn... Watch a pair of Bald Eagles feed their young 75 ft up in a tree!
I completely agree! Or maybe just someone who can't "imagine" living without technology.
agreed. What type of web based apps to you develop?
My constant question w my songs, which I try to mostly ignore, is: Am I Good Enough? Focus on writing not wondering
HAPPY NEW YEAR TO EVERYONE
This better be the "Annexation of Puerto Rico", Thibs.
Need more cowbell and zurna? Check out Bells & Winter Festivals of Greek Macedonia (Smithsonian Folkways Recordings, SFW50401)
Cardinal Day Talent Show is about to begin. Ayana is 6th on the line up. Break a leg !
“: when is the second wave being announced? I'm so excited!!” in the next couple wks : )
Thanks Jill!
Listening to Medicaid budget pres to legislators. No blood yet but could be
WTTS, my sunroof, and the rally in Danville pretty much made my day.
#uwmediacenter Program of Songs by Lightnin' Sam Hopkins now strumming. A UW Press & Ethnomusicology release from 1967.
it's funny&weird that u said that! Cuz the nervousness just hit!!!:/// & that's weird cuz I don't get nervous til right before
<U+2764>lol. I'm giving you 2 weeks to recover your liver.
what you mean
Good morning Twitterers
Who is Chris Johnson?
help us get 700 followers?
haha! I saw that and I kinda freaked out too lol
just watched Thor. Watching IronMan2 now.
its cool cuz my boss who's like 55 yrs old is always on his facebook lmao so i'm good
#iq2atheism "Atheism frees your mind." -RT "Free your mind and your ass will follow." -George Clinton
Chris Davis cannot hit major league curves balls, doesnt deserve to be in the lineup until he can
Seriously - do I really have to be stopped- AGAIN- to wait for the presodent to go by????
Our digi director is presenting at the Awards Ceremony tonight & our star intern is accepting one! Congrats!
I'll be in nosebleeds somewhere. lol
One Question.<U+2665> Where Did You Come From?? It's Like Talent Just Drops From The Sky These Days<U+2665> lol LoveYourTunes<U+2665>
#RBOTT Man on phone STOP looking for surce of funny smell STOP tire fire in Hollywood STOP
<33 I love you babe!!
i went to love and back
"Dr Tony" continues to amuse.
glad you enjoyed the video. if we bring #awareness and #action into our daily lives to make someone's life better! :)
WIld Roses nominated for best series and me best actor at the Monte Carlo Television festival Going June 9 Bitter sweet as we were cancelled
BIG SHOW TONIGHT! 8pm at THE MUSE in Lafayette, IN - THE ENDERS & THE LUSTKILLERS - 2 great Punk Bands - Time to get your face ROCKED!
Thanks so much for the Stephen!
"we've got an obesity problem...there's too many fat asses out there..." #chuck LOLOL Love.
Anti social
i dont like u
You did a great job!!!
I use bare floor setting.
Thnx, Good luck 2 U ;) RT : congrats! Good luck ;)
. Are you feeling kind of "icky" after listening to that case all day?
you need post-it notes that say "try harder next time, asshole; I'm still alive" that you can stick on their window at next light
I do love the colors of the Howard Johnson. But I want to go to bed.
thank you so much.. we have something relly great to offer at a great deal!
Sign # 26 it's time to stop drinking: You drink so much of the same drink it has become your nickname.
Its pretty fast. I am liking the inspiration and organization factor
Tweet me sweetheart:) I really wanna talk with you ^^ <3
Stuck in an elevator. Gonna live tweet it.
554 likes = fine 555 likes = fancy 1000 likes = flattering/Frank-tastic Spread the love, Friends, and drink a Ruhstaller this weekend!
Going to lunch with my parents. Happy Sunday!
l'm sorry if he texted you something stupid.. He took my phone last night
I have no doubt he is that ignorant. Can't reason with a guy like that so quick "go f off" type of response gets blown out of prop.
It's amazing how quickly anticipation drives you crazy. Especially when you put yourself out there for the world and wait.
I knew this nigga was gonna say something bout them old ass Spurs
Pens game!!! pc4pc???
OMG that looks so good!! Enjoy!! :-)
Nice to meet you sir. Ur amazing. I'll be featuring one of the articles about you on the Tap Dance Blog today. Keep me posted.
not sure, but I think cleanup can be called whenever the object is dealloc'd, which is not necessarily when it goes out of scope
is coming to OXY a week from today... what are they doing you ask? opening for hell yes
Awesome! What a treat.
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
~Attention ICONiacz!~ what should I get Madison and Mikey when I meet them in April? Any ideas? :D
Naw. I'm just talkin' out my ass fam lol. It's been a long day.
Hold your breath for....
it officially opened today!
Check out the BlueMonster family @ www.myspace.com/bluemonstertm <3
neva really used to be on dis twitter shit but ima start now
Wmyb remix!!! Love it
Yeah the motto's #YOLO, but it ain't an excuse to be a ho tho er'day, er'day LOL
G'night Whitney, God bless
Lol, how has Long Island been treating you, miss?
is amazed at how many people are fishing at the lakefront today. The harbor mouth behind the Ampitheatre is packed.
I'm not even on Google+ yet, but Facebook with video is a scary concept. It's bad enough people see my pictures, lol.
I'm going with the number 6! :)
To everyone that passed up Miguel Cabrera to snatch up Matt Kemp in your fantasy league, *Hi-Five*!!
Alright so, who's coming to Bamboozle and what days?! Let's all hang.
So ready to party!!!
“Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.” Ludwig van Beethoven
I'm really regretting smoking my last cigarette last week. I could use it right about now.
Thanks for following!!!
Get some!
Happy Friday. Hope everyone has an awesome weekend! Make sure and watch the Daytona 500 and keep an eye out for our new commercial.
Wicked Mad RespecT U GUYs Had A MOsh Pit Goin Down at Last Night!!!!
RT : When I can here my sister and her bf kissing < <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> disturbing b.
Use a BRONZER with your session to get extra #tan for your #Halloween costume! Ask a receptionist to see which one is the best for you.
I had Adele stuck in my head on my way to my live shot. Thank goodness for Michael Jackson.
Who the hell thought up the unicorn? How does a horn improve a horse ? It doesn't seem like an upgrade to me.
follow back:)?
"In A Man's World" Coming Soon! Def will be in touch. Goodnight sweety and have a good day tomorrow dnt wrk to hard! Lol
My mama enrolled in real estate school, y'all!
News nerds.
. I don't know how you can assert that "the economy and jobs" is Romney's "strong suit" there is no evidence to support it
What's not to like??
9 out of 10 Artistis say - Questions by the 40 kids visiting - better questions than most adults.
“: , , , are taking their seats. Show is about to start!”
“: happy 21st birthday to my most fabulous friend by far , have the best day love! xx” - thank you love!!!! Xo
- Thanks, I've always been fascinated with isometrics and static contraction exercise and the many ways to practice it.
Filling out our March Madness brackets. The office competition is ON!
Ok so - 15s beat 2 "Nike" teams to win it all. That's with no Austin Burnette - our Lamar Odom. Great Job guys.
on oovoo wit :D
This is some bullshit!!!
living a movie
#lol #good #one #im #a #hardcore #hashtagger #get #on #my #level #biach :o
Best part about using headphones on the bus: I'm sitting in the middle of 3 dozen people who have no idea I'm listening to Ke$ha right now.
15: M.Tyson's Punch House by - energy usage boxing game - compete against houses of sim.size (~wt) w/#greenbutton data
RT Reason TV: The Tragedy of Urban Renewal - bit.ly/mR35yg - The destruction and survival of a NYC neighborhood.
Hollla tweeps!! In a redecorating mood so u know what that means!!..Heading north to Ikea!!!!
gee I wonder. They have really struggled without him. Now 2-2 in district.
just dropped "eternally self-promoting network"
I hate the ravens
Happ pitches like Tom Glavine minus the stuff and 6 foot strike zone.
I'm changing the name of my "Social Media" folder on iPhone to "Mind Games."
#museumfactmonday Besides visiting the museum proper, you can learn more about Mesa history by visiting our library exhibits (free).
fixing bigmala.com and started making the quests for expressiaann.com and fixed the about pages .
Drinking a cold Bud Light bouta watch da Slam Dunk Contest!!
"78% of bus. & orgs believe the value of a job candidates environmental knowledge will increase in importance as a hiring factor"...
I hate when someone asks you a question, you ask why, then they say nevermind. Grrrrr <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Off to the dentist, then a show, my show. Tonight the show will be sponsored by Advil and a bunch of booze.
I know... stop being such a stranger... to danger... in the manger
obviously I'll be right there with ya!
Any chance someone can answer if there will be an official release of gingerbread for the verizon droid x?
That's pretty neat - a couple of kids I know went to Montclair. I wanted to be different haha -Jared
renee is watching The Killing and accusing everyone of being "mobbed up". Do we need to stage an intervention?
Come relax on the patio and get ready for team trivia with tonight at 8:00. $$, prizes, beer & apparently naked midgets!
Blastin' a little Garth Brooks in the guv mansion today yall. The "thunder rolls" song gets my blood a flowin'
Travel is going well... Lost or left my cell phone in Portland, and had Wingnut Conservative Radio in the row behind me all the way to SLC
FYI just realized I was missing half posts using a client - search.twitter.com seems to be more reliable
Phone scavenger hunt at church tonight?!
Just 17 days until Selection Sunday
Just got my tickets. Going to grab some *hip* clothes to look *great*
A little change of scenery today - #amwriting at my library office instead of the dining room table office for a change...
The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridiculous. -Raymond Chandler
“RT : #UWHuskies D coordinator Holt breaks N. American mark for most yardage given up (old mark: France, Louisiana Purchase)”
Niggas better care ! I would like to hangout and be able to text you sometime before I'm 80 years old .
The JP Morgan loss of $2 billion is just what they're admitting to. My guess is the losses are not only far higher but others are involved.
text me an address to send your money order too cuz I got the check today!
I LOVE MY LIFE POOR OR RICH FAT OR SKINNY IT DONT MATTER IM SATISFY WITH WHAT I GOT BECAUSE IM ME ND THATS THE BEST GIFT A PERSON COULD HAVE
Easter is never complete without some Michael Jackson wii dance offs
Announcement: Amy Grant's Grown-up Christmas Wish is officially my fave xmas song. What other xmas song is so 90s and yet so timeless?!
It's almost time for my writers' group. Looking forward to another great discussion with such a talented bunch!
Does anyone still use AIM?
41-6 they'll be a little sluggish but still handle their business
That openness to love, that capacity for wholeness with the world around you, is still within you.
5yrs!!! Really lets talk about it... Why did u allow it to go on for so long sweety?
Dear CTA Blue line you really need to hurry the heck up!!
haha your hilarious! :D
#MadMen on Inside the Actors Studio - bliss.
Criminal Minds creeps me the fuck out!
yesterday when oldest told me he wanted Snoop Dog I thought it was an April fools joke.Turns out it wasn't - who knew SD was popular w/13ys
Welcome to 2012...!
hope your no further then mid card I just got called in to work
booths available for Pinstripes and Highland Park Country Club's open houses / party planning showcases. Email me for more information.
you hot an xbox follow me and i will dm my gt to you or you dm me yours ok do that
Dude ima be in CO for spring break!
"Tonight, tonight, tonight, I'm waiting for, tonight, tonight, tonight."- Would give anything to open for
And the Go Big Blue chants start!
If you want the dick THAT bad... Go apply at wienerschnitzel ;)
lol u love talkin mess peachy !
followed :D
It's gonna be freezing at softball practice tonight.
One year ago today Obama gave the order to kill Osama.
RT : #ISDIP2012: TY all for ur support at r 1st #diversity conference and we look 4ward to seeing uagain next year in #Cancun, MEXICO!
just swallowed a freaking giant pill! i hate being sick :(
Finishing Open City on the train ride to Philadelphia.
"The simple act of paying positive attention to people has a great deal to do with productivity." Thomas J. 'Tom' Peters
Dead Presidents in my pants!
All of the contestants call all of the diners "Guys" They say "Hi guys" to even females... not as professional as should be
mentions = dead.
shitty web host abandoned the company. My site is down and there is no one to fix it. can't access anything...cpanel, ftp, nothing
There is something so intensely pleasing about writing on graph paper with a pencil (or even a pen).
In Chicago where winter still resides and Bulls fans at fever pitch!
If you listen to comedy podcasts and want to see the master of photoshop excellence then follow . Holy fuck! His work kills!
thanks! so excited to take the #tott title!
Thanks for the follow! how yummy!
Today's tip: when stretching before a workout, it's best after you've gotten warmed-up for about 5 minutes (your muscles will love you).
I'm surprised the bookstore doesn't sell shorts with the tree on the butt!!
Stay tune for our monthly podcast. Alicia keys remix coming soon! Soundcloud.com/dsdsq2
will do!
Ah I want a wittle pomeranian so bad! They're soo cute :)
bad link
I just got back nigga chill. I knew u was gone do datt
they think otherwise.
No. Not unless the clown is shoving the food down your childs mouth.
#justsoyouknow I want 'her' so much, all the time.
Be awesome. 'K?
I really liked you.. You so blew it... :/
:/ see... that's why ion fuck wit it
Monday the 21st at escape ally downtown
With the fully imploded Republican autophagy of its moderates the graphic looks kinda like that toilet seat was talking about !
my dad is mean i was watching a movie and rewinded so i could see the begining he came out here asked me a question and changed the channel
awww I know!! Love u !
Hey Cody what you think of Britney and Demi being the new judge in the X Factor?
lol I can try to get to follow you she followed me on my 1st attempt.
have a good trip East, boys!
thanks deb. Now food & film! "Food Fight" at Sausalito Film Fest. Marin Organic Exec. to speak. sausalitofilmfestival.com/
if Obama killed Osama I/m the Zodiac killer !
wished could sing me to sleep. Such an angelic voice the man has.
So I totally slept on Super Tuesday. I didn't even know Kony was running in 2012 and with the amount of posts looks, like the front runner.
I believe that is code for "stop whining" :-)
cornrows don't just grow out ur damn head lol
it's going to be a process of making designers more integral to the whole process (not there just to observe)
Decided to add one of my own - #blackpeoplemovies- True shrimp (scrimp) & grits.
Thanks for the reminder! I hope we get to see you there!
Driving to Eddie's Attic in Atlanta with Merry Ellen Kirk and Roxie Randle
sent it x
no lol I think he does some crowd walking but its supposed to be chill and laid back
thats awesome! :D well thank you! :)
I'm not a driven businessman, but a driven artist. I never think about money. Beautiful things make money. Lord Acton
I ma ma ma ma ma miss you!!
Good day tweets! TGIF!
Machine is pulling the best shots of the morning right now. Perfect for a con pana or cappuccino.
Another useless KPI: Bounce Rate means NOTHING when taken out of context...SEs have rendered it useless as an overall site indicator.
Re-reading the copy of To Kill a Mockingbird you gave me, to plan an 8th grade lesson this week. Thank you! :)
so I guess there wont be "The Body Guard 2"
Ruffalo is by far my favorite screen Hulk.
If someone is talkin about you behind your back, that means they are in the #perfect position to kiss your ass!
#5factsaboutmymom 1 Chased off muggers w/ bat 2 Killer White Castle stuffing recipe 3 VIP seat at comedy clubs b/c of laugh 4 beautiful 5
Today starts the diet. I'm sort of hoping I just get the flu to make this whole process easier.
Get your ass moving
feeling so blessed this morning!
glad you made it up there! hows it going
#ThingsInMyLifeThatArePriceless FAMILY, MY SOUL, GOD, MY GIRL
i apoligize for my tweets a few weeks ago... way out of line, i do love first take tho, especialy skip.
What's your favorite holiday movie?
Ours is a generation who loves quotable quotes, and that is what the local broadcast team provides.
I agree! I loved it too! I can't wait for the other books in the series to come out.
Dear universe, thanks for that tonight. Props.
there was a better chance of nick Johnson getting a hit there instead of a rod
Lowkey... I know lebron got hands... He just has a lot to lose if he get suspended
Very moving tribute from Kevin Costner today at Whitney Houston's funeral. Thought the whole service was quite uplifting.
what's your favorite position? Lol
this is Great #NonstopNirvana music videos on Xbox360
How is it Cal?
Coincidence that Burger King have both David Beckham AND Salma Hayek in their commercials, two of the hottest people in the world? Hmm..
I just started looking up Limo rates for that day :)
Wow yall need to bring this to Xavier or Industry Influence in here New Orleans.
WH0 SAW BAD GiRLS CLUB? CAN S0MEB0DY FiLL ME iN 0N iT #PLEASE?????????
#MSNBC #Nerdland M. that was mean!If you don't want POTUS text/emails UNSUBSCRIBE!It won't b fun if we TIRE of SHOW
We plan to in the Fall but no date is set. Will keep you posted!
you guys should have dinner together!
you should get a twitpic bruh :D
RT CLASSIC FAVE:"It's pretty cool how your car makes you totally invisible so you can pick your nose, except for the fact that WE SEE YOU!"
RT All profits today split btwn & ! If u can't make it in u can donate directly to them. Thank you!
Anyone going to Vegas memorial day weekend?
Thanks Tony!
I WANT MY KLAUS BACK!!!! #WakeUpKlaus :'(
that means either change UG teaching--fewer faculty teaching, or fewer hours--or lose research time. No extra staffing.
Miss u guys: my loves RT : Ro said follow back >>>>>>
Everything has an End.... Thank God for a new beginning.
"I know there’s nothing sadder / Than a heart that feared its dreams." From "Ragged John" by Bruce Coville
your friend looks like a fairy faggot!
watching baseball
SINCE I WAS A SHORTER I ROCK WIDD DA GUYS WHY CHANGE NOW IM IN IT UNTIL I DIE
that quote is from a Pink song.
My mind forgets to remind me that you're a grand idea..
Glad everyone thought the breathalizer was entertaining last night lol
- I am a clown you know. So imagine my shoe size and all.
You make it to sleep yet?
ewwwwwwwww and omg i hate that fucking song
#nwpam11 collaborators decide when to do what.
Getting a massage this afternoon. I have a great masseuse that comes to my home. Yippee!
#BRB lunch time
It seemed kind of lame to me but at least they're trying something new with their marketing. "Hockey Night in Canada" ripoff.
currently visiting my fam in Canada eating ketchup chips & Poutine (not a big fan of that) hello and love from Canadaland!
TDIH 1896 - First modern Olympic Games opens in Athens, Greece, continuing for 10 days. Americans won the most "crowns" with 11.
Anyways work tomorrow in the AM! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
agree loved sims but Paul had better range....someone needs to give Christina a sense of fashion
I wish I knew, and I'm sure I'm not alone in that desire, either.
Swave Pick-Up Line: ...So, Do you want to see something swell?
gushers are my favorite! Best late night snack <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I guess you could interpret relevance -> "hipness" and authenticity -> conservatism? No, doesn't seem right.
This math / science enhancement is interesting. $10k for math/science...but no mention about engineering or comp sci.
Children's choir at Christmas at the river. There is a gallery of trees and a sky lantern ceremony. Trapped in an episode of Gilmore Girls
• Me too, I love that commercial. I actually want the Cubs to win the WS if they get in, fans and city sure deserve it.
Current status: You may have encountered a bug in the Ruby interpreter or extension libraries. Bug reports are welcome.
I hate when people try and show out to try to look cute in front of somebody, yeen ain't cute so, stfd !
Many thanks to the for the tickets to the Heineken TransAtlanticFest this wknd -- RT for a chance to win!
Online ordering deadline TODAY for Treasure Box economical food program - 40 locations in San Diego - menus online www.thetreasurebox.org
Oh cool. My number is 424-653-8413. Hope to talk to you soon.
Oh bla dee oh bla da life goes on...la la la life goes on.
coffee on an empty tank gogogogogogogogogogo!
that hashtag? really?
we are here for you homie
Do it! if u go to buy 2 bags, u get $10 off a lift tix to ! RT : Craving right now! Just cause!
Happy #KyOaks Day!
always! you've been a great Twitter partner! RT : Thanks so much keep in touch!
Oh WOW. Exam tomorrow, debate/speech tomorrow... Have a done anything to prepare for this? Nope!
Ur know there's a book to
haha my bad!
Hey Melissa! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
Having second thoughts about Scona :/
fireflies - owl city
You're show distracted me from memorizing lines last night! Absolutely hilarious!!!!! Off to the dog park today :)
You should be angry right about now, Jets fans. Yell loudly.
Not sore at all from insanity yesterday. What a pleasant surprise.
I'm gonna have to take a shirtless picture when I'm done
you can test that out this weekend... We'll have a 4 hour practice <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Lil kim don't need do anything for Ya 'LL haters!! Its all about the fans and what they want, so sit down shit stopping now!!!
Apparently, we have reached Brooklyn. RIP
": so much to unlearn". And so much of my ignorance to discover
not right now.
Takeing A Long Shower And Juss Standing Under The Water Thinking About LIfe !
your writers must really be bored with the lockout!
Just posted a slightly different mix of my song "Plans", and a pre-final mix of a jazz waltz called "Sad Cafe". I'll be making a couple...
my phone isn't working <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
My nephew wakes up asking about the damn tablet
lol very true :p
Did you go dark for #SOPA?
My motto. Always better to be Over prepared then disappointed than under prepared and overwhelmed.
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-15
yup same slow alien lol
#LovelyLiamTo3Million yeah I really want him 2
hurry up bro lol
We're 2-2 over our last 4 games. It's happening.
good luck 2 everyone takin finals
the only term paper i have to do is about bob dylan. sweet.
Drooling over new kicks on I do love me some Asics.
At more than 7 pounds per person per day, Americans lead the world in trash generation. About 70% of that trash ends up in landfills.
Dont get lost in the smoke hold my hand if you need to, fiendin for your touch but dont start thinkin i need you
Was that before Bo Ryan and "Soulja Boy"?
The transformer blew up! Lights went out! In the bathroom tryin to have some privacy nd my BF is in the bathroom with me!! Smh
Happy Birthday Grandma 80 and still a kicking love you. :-)
I give you my best, why does she get the best of you?
Moving on is simple, it’s what you leave behind that makes it so difficult.
#YouCantBlameMe Running the radar is long and hard, and when I'm alone in a squad car with my thoughts...so am I. No shame in that.
Banana nutella gluten-free crepe goodness, with chocolate milk.
Jury selection bill signed by Gov Brown, making it clear that judges must allow adequate time for attorneys to question prospective jurors.
Yes. The wind was fierce last night & it's been continuous rain too RT ": Really? Up in Carlsbad, we have sun!"
New Video: This is my little sister. She's super modest, but I think she's awesome. Reddit, please help me surprise her with a ton of views
I freaking love you. That is why i am sharing this free promotion site with you. site is on my profile. :)
It's official. Robert E. Lee is #POTY1862. Emory Thomas rejoins us for your questions, comments, and tweets. Join the conversation!
Words can be very powerful. Why not use them to lift someone up today rather than knock them down?
midway airport
Such sad news to hear of Rich Brenner's death ... veteran Sports anchor, passionate #NASCAR fan & solid friend
great name! he looks like a sweetie.
dang! That sucks. An yea I just don't really know anymore. But dude I can't wait until believe comes out!!
Lot's of composing this week. Feeling good.
Congrats to Katie!
I'm glad uapproached it in this manner to educate. Even in this way, bullies will still feel empowered to lash out than change
Haha thanks for the heads up :))
“: Heading down to in Bmore to rock it with Stoked!! Going to be a good night 4 the funky $hit!”
When doing the sheer mesh trend... PLEASE do not wear a trashy bra underneath.. we have no desire to see your underwear
had it last night
ha ha! I'm pretty sure these same guys tried to get me to buy something in the Franklin parking lot last wk.
World Series of Poker on tv from 6-11:30pm tonight.
Fucking sucks!... But is good to know!!!
Hello teachers at #hcdsb - I'm in Columbus, Ohio. Impressed recently by how much my son (5th grade) got into 1st blog assignment.
Yes. Yes. Yes.
I recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. That must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste
home runs all around!!! #txrangers Cruz Beltre
I am pumped for Extreme Rules too!!!
- wonder if that includes screenplays??
What's Alex's girlfriends twitter?:)
Have fun! Don't be a d-bag! at #ug8 my thoughts exactly. Can't wait to work with you!
The Feelies! Sold Out Bell House
I Text Her Back And Tell Her 'Its Life'
congratulations mondo! I've been waiting a long time to be able to buy your amazing designs :) you deserve it
I loove family time. When we tell stories.
The best thing about pets is they love you unconditionally, never talk about you behind your back, and don't care what you look like.
Apparently you're not allowed to 'eat' in Vegas. meh
awww wow you are so amazingly awesome! =X <3 thank you!!! and i am not too bad how about you? =))
The past is over due don't live in a world of make believe..we just hang here waiting for the days of tomorrow- p.s.s
Normally I make an effort to look halfway decent before I go to main. Today is not one of those days.
I won't throw it out, this bar of Irish Spring stays here with me. Just can't do it.
Fabulous. They are adorable. Love their accents! Grazie.
So what are you gonna go until then? ):
I noticed when you called me the wrong name.
No more #SundayLibrarian shifts until September! (Unless someone gets sick... no one better get sick...)
Best way to avoid someone sitting down next to you on a bus... eat taco bell for breakfast.
"Question... If there is like and love. What is that feeling right before love called?..." Twitterpated!!! :-)
Hope it's been a good day for you! Where did you end up golfing?
WOW! what a punch
The numbers are very telling. In a race which held no significance to Walker, his numbers are 100,000 more than Falk and Barrett combined!
" I'm sure the former students of Columbine are feeling pretty safe right about now. This is a sick & twisted decision
Wait just a second. My grades are due in not Friday the 4th but Monday the 7th? Awesome!
Guys, this could be really serious. Has Jeff Bagwell ever denied being a child murderer? How is he not in prison?!
i'm still up! stress-induced insomnia :(
Maybe they are goin in to buy one?! Lol
dynamicbeautyexpo I want to be a vendor 4 ur south beach beauty expo. Inbox me..
That Roberto's we had last night is so not agreeing with us today.
hehe, drafting decisions in #PiratesDBG are perplexing :)
I have no where to go smh... Its sad that I have no where to stay in times like what I face..
welcome :D
forgot to turn on my call agent this morning. Been on the sticks for 1.5 hrs already
how do I get your fan mail address ? <3 7
Your personal visit will help you better understand the plight of our city's homeless & put a smile on the faces of our guests.
follow back?(:
Heard the movie is really good. It's Joss Wedon so good examples of strong, capable women to expose your bambino to.
Let's get the fist pumping fucking started!
Great job on the story and video too!
looking forward to our team camp feb 2/27-3/1 lots of climbing
Watched Tron today and regretted not seeing it at the theatre. The thing about perfection is that it's unknowable.
So go ahead, keep treating me this way, you WILL regret it one day, I swear.
Woot! My free shirt from MailChimp is here!
Here's to the Directioners who knew Niall's teeth were beautiful before he got braces.
She has more than one song?
Thank you for the shoutout!
That was a hilarious tweet.
So focused, bout to make some REAL MONEY!!! ...
Feeling depressed over a bad review
"I'm a Club Goodwill member and now I'm an AmazingGoodwill follower."
RT : Tomorrow night 7-7:30 on ESPN, Stephen A tries to convince me Tebow-to-Jets will be a disaster.
You know you're in WI when ... people are riding around in convertibles with tops down (cars, not people) because it's 60 degrees outside.
lol just a hole thru the middle of his hair for wind to go thru for aerodynamics in the atom
US Sen. Kay Hagan at ETS/CGS forum: Not enough people w/ advanced skills, graduate degrees to fill jobs in parts of NC, US.
It is so hard being attractive and desirable, and yet... you wouldn't put on the bubba joe bob teef. Wouldn't give it up. I asked...
you are abusing my god change your way of living
So tired!
haha it's like the theme song thingy lol
Crazy that a 12 men on the field penalty cost the pats the game.
upshaw or hill, I think. They're not into high picks for centers.
is that the 12th - the 15th?
What is the solution? RT : I have a permanent solution to homelessness.
thanks for the follow
2 nights in a row of infield softballs got my nuts hatin me.... were talkin bout practice... practice.. man
my youngest daughter has Hypatia as her middle name.
Had a great time fishing!!
No School For Me
you would have been fine. We have been calling you guys out on the post game schow for not stoping by!!
Pali pool will be closed Friday, Saturday, and Sunday.. Therefore, NO 6am and 11:30 am workout on Friday
Yo - What did you think of China when you were there? I'm thinking of taking a trip.
Two days with no Internet due to BT outage in my area. #btfail has forced me into the crappiest Cafe Nero in the city full of screaming kids
Friends kid: "Old time phones were tied to walls and you couldn't play angry birds. All you did was talk."
Nevermind about packing for rockford, gonna pack next week.
I can't wait until u post more parts to the James story!!!<3
what up people table nine is up and running on facebook
Dammit who put that question mark on the tweet? For the last time, anything you put on that prompter she will read!
Join us this weekend at the Market Square in San Antonio, TX to celebrate mothers day.. performin live sat n sunday 6:30pm
Definitely! Good times!
the buttercream frosting is perfect, and I'm convinced it tastes better because it's cute too! ;)
I'm in the FOX 12 Traffic Center this morning, filling in for Tony! Tune into Good Day Oregon from 4:30-9:00 AM.
Even if Steve Blake scores 20 tonight and goes 6/8 from deep, they should still dump his ass this summer.
I finally saw that #Nuggets spot. You look amped! Not as amped as I was on the other day, but amped.
I got a Little Mermaid one last night along with a bunch of neat school supplies.
loving this weather
#youmightbeanautismparentif you tell your child "GOOD JOB!" For putting their shirt on the right way.
I wasnt bein pushy. We were in the middle of a conversation the other day and she randomly stopped texting me after an hour
Sometimes I stand with the fridge door open for like 15 mins cuz I know no one will yell at me to shut it
my pleasure - you are shaping young girls into ladies who change the world! Look forward to your tweets.
I stand up for my Grandfather who was just diagnosised with pancreatic cancer.
RT : 1.5 Hour with deep heat feel like I can run a marathon now.(figure of speech of...
Looking forward to my FIRST EVER NBA game tomorrow as the visit the #BeMilwaukee ...in Dallas!
To be loved and trusted by those who know us best is life's greatest compliment
I am not afraid to keep on livin Im not afraid to walk this world alone Honey if you stay Ill be forgiven Nothin you could say can stop me
The burrito I just ate from freebirds>>>
WILL U SHAVE ME.
cuz you're a bitch /:
Never underestimate someone's ability to find out the truth
stop by our table at the career fair! We're in the Student Union.
don't you hate it when your battery runs out on your laptop? Only got 4mins to go glad there is power in the name of Jesus - never runs out!
But I was wearing my brand new, diva-tastic Jennifer Lopez for Kohls coat when I fell, so at least I went down in style.
i don't understand why SNL let's people who can't speak host an entire show.
I had another dream of "him" last night. I wish time would hurry...
Three Days Grace - I Hate Everything About You rocks
Yes, but nobody could see my face. RT : were you blushing? dressed up like Spot at children's event at the Tattered Cvr.
GDC will be guest performing with BalletNova on May 4th, 5th, and 6th. Come and join us a wonderful evening at the theater!!
Merry Christmas! Wishing you also a happy and healthy New Year.
haventttt talked to al day...hope he had a good night.!
I'm interested to know what other options the translator went through before ending on "fancy-picture."
tomato tomato its all the same
I have slacked off hard since the WSOP ended, playing a sandbox MMO. My form of a vacation I suppose. I need to get back on the grind tho.
At the 2012 symposium this morning. Lots of young women here! Yay!
no buh she told me to come to the store with her nd when i got in thetruck it fell in the door nd snapped
Sometimes I really contemplate if I should be on ADHD medication...instead of focusing on what I should be of course!
Thanks. Yeah he's more like a hybrid but at close to 7 ft, I can see him in sets where he's at the 5 stretching the D.
it's a noodle thing <U+E340>
My mail forward became a reply all.. Fuck
Karma? ;) Trees are taller in central Texas, but nothing like the north east USA. It's what makes for big sky, I suppose...
San Francisco excursion end of June to see Foster the People!
This Giants game is unreal. 9th inning, 0-0, both starters (Matt Cain vs. Cliff Lee) still in, game has only taken 1.5 hours so far.
HARD WORK PAYS OFF
Dear media: Please refrain from using "Valentine" in puns. They are passé, and Bobby's heard them all before.
Yea I peeped that! Good stuff! RT After watching that ESPN special whole new level of respect for Bo Jackson.
Madison County Sheriff: Erik J. Weaver
hm....I'll sleep on it.
How long until JoS. A. Bank runs a "Buy one suit, recieve majority stock in our company" sale?
Everyman should know how to handle his meat! Especially when grilling that is. Number Eight for Dad is: Real Grilling by Jamie Purviance
Nice shot!
Thanks Kate!
Singing glamorous at stephs
#stm2012 EBSCO considering moving into OA transactional marketplace...at what cost to institutions & libraries?
“ : I have so much to do, I think I need to take a nap first to prepare. #Excuses #Whatever”//haha so true!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Actors unite.
*Oh, the Places You'll Go* is also a book that fits you well.
Kinda seems like that movie is about a couple in the hustle? Haha I love you much much more.
haha u can think what u want and i am not cryin am I I'm just sticken up for my mom lol
Yay! *dances around* how are you Kayla? Oh and btw I'm still super excited that I'll be living
I have to get up at 4am, i should go to sleep!
1 business partner in Boston, the other headed to Big Sur. She better bring me a t-shirt (even though it won't be as nice as an OST shirt)!
How about a singing competition where we never see the people until they're eliminated? No names, no faces, just singing.
hope you get better soon dawg, secondary aint the same without you
The next person to tweet "I LOVE SO MUCH!" will get the app. Ready? GO!
only a few more California shoots left...
Thank you all new followers , unfortunately twitter won't let me follow anyone els until I get more followers. I'm trying though! Thankguys!
Time Warner Cable your internet reliability sucks
The fuck I havent been on here in YEARS! but really in like 2 months :p
I'M SO HAPPY IS BACK..I LOVED HER SINCE I WAS YOUNG..I STILL HAVE MY STACEY DASH DOLL...SHE IS THE ONLY WOMEN I ADMIRE EVA!
Angry birds!
hey was up ma. Its been a while
I have no idea where this cut on my wrist came from but it stings so it should go away now.
New EFG rule: no walking upstairs, talking on phone, drinking diet Dr. Pepper in high heels. It doesn't end well.
yay! neighbors to the rescue. I wouldn't rule out the scotch though ;)
That was a FIGHT!!
nice work! wish I was given this option in school
Join me ED ROBINSON for a live interview TODAY. ATLANTA RADIO WGFF 1420 & WATB 1430 AM ON THE CULTURAL VIBES PROGRAM 4 PM
revenue team is making it rain
umm well let me know what u got planned. I have to get ya messed up at least 1 night.. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Ask thru poll what people think on a question, show results and then reveal the underlying research
I love #Murs so much, bad man is one of my fave songs. Wish I wasn't in central America so I could go with you
Feeling hopeless.
Have developed disturbing new symptoms... Scary. Will see doctor on Monday, hopefully.
Shout out to the new cover photo couple!
no because I have PICKLES!!! Yeah that's right P-I-C-K-L-E-S. what does that spell???
15 minutes until we raffle off some Wine & Dine tickets. If you want them, you have to let us know!
#parenting accomplishment #23: finally deciphering the myriad of snaps on a cloth diaper!
I just seen somebody from Elementary @ Church. It was kinda awkward though. That feelin when its like U never knew each other, Life goes on.
Genealogy certificates available for holiday gifts. Email for more information. It's a beautiful day in TN.
When you have savored sunshine plus beach locations, have a trip ...
New menu starts today and all drinks are $2 after 8pm. We hope that's worth a RT #Madison!
I wanna be somebody!
Happy Easter to everyone!
no should be in tomorrow
. Agreed! I'm going to film mixology vids w/ Francesco & that would make a great addition. Gonna talk to him right now.
Eric, this really you my friend? If so, glad to see you on Twitter Robert seems to be doing great! Clint Morris
Speaking of motorsports... how's Josh Hodges Racing doing lately??? Check em out!!
#saints that best who dat
Just because they won't be at the Thanksgiving table, doesn't mean that U should forget about them. At least, remember to pray for them.
It's only Tuesday
Morning dolls. Ive been up for ages editing my upcoming book. I hope you like it. Make today count. Focus on your dreams. xoxo Vic
it needs courage to grow up and become who you really are
Never thought I'd see the day when it is 70 degrees at 7:30 in the morning
Standards are wonderful and we must all have them, but limitations can stop growth and creativity.
Wtf you can't treat me like I'm your little bitch who the fuck do you think you are!?! Fuck guys so immature
I knowww! O.o But they didn't cancel the show, so I don't think anything crazy is gunna happen lol
did i say #FACEBOOK? I meant #TWITTER!
hate when boys think just because I'ma girl I can't beat em in basketball <U+E402><U+E105>
Thaaaaaankkss RT Orange might be the ugliest color on the planet.
Start having kids and you'll kinda appreciate it a bit more. Not defending it, but I understand it.
Hillary swank!
Game 4:WHO CAN TELL ME WHEN THE 'MY GIRL 'MUSIC VIDEO CAME OUT ?
I wish it wasn't April 1st.
don't discount the green with the cream wheels
If you are at the #GESS2012, stop at the booth E44 to find us.
I promise not to kill billy chambers. Lol! I love Olivia Pope!
Thanks so much for the tickets today! We had a great time :)
The Girl That Kicked The Hornet's Balls. That is all.
Enjoying #ICA11 Pre-conference: Placing the Aesthetic in Popular Culture. And it's so great to see my dear Middlebury faculty mentors again!
Bought sunglasses in the shape of the United States today. We rock!
On the bus for the first time in forever....-_- hate life
who are you again?
the difference btwn Gonzalez and other SS options > difference btwn Aramis and Taylor Green
I need another day added to the week. Must work...must work. Need to...tear myself...away from...social...media...ugh.
Real men wear pink? NO. Real men treat women right.
Im done with tears. Im wiping my eyes. If he doesnt care then why the hell should I?
Just mastered a homemade chignon up-do & celeb-grade makeup ('sup contouring!) for tonight's gala entirely due to Pinterest.
Good morning beautiful people.
I'm not a very good writer, but I'm an excellent rewriter. - James Michener
where are you located?
So ready to go to work!!!
My heart is a canvas u can draw true happiness. <3
is awesome, yes, & so are you. Beyond Eden was so powerful I cried. It's one of my fav books evah.
When i called you,you just hung up in my facee in shit
May teach a class, "From Sir Nose D’Voidoffunk to Dr. Funkenstein: A Complete Taxonomy of The P-Funk Mothership"
Thanks Tom. Doing my best - wiped out from a busy week between my day job and side gigs I picked up. The gigs are picking up...
Oh, who drinks the beers.....?
It's not like I want us to have brunch
First run with my new Garmin-- In Love!!! 18 miles to kick off this Easter weekend of rugby, family, & friends!
oh, it was great lol
dude, don't have time for you to be so suckish...
Get the ball rolling, please. RT : "Kohl goes on the offensive for new arena. Willing to throw in own money."
Tonight's lecture is sure to be informative: Dr. John Comerci will speak on #ovariancancer recurrence. Rm 2131 @ 6pm
Any weekend plans? I need to get the Thanksgiving menu together! -Kristin Burns
I wish this old man would stop flirting with the attendant so that I can get on my way
Here come the Aggies of Utah State!!!!
what's up new friend
Awake. Too. Early. Grumpy. Grouchy. Gruff. Grr.
fine with me. Plenty of places to eat.
I remember he would say we ride when we ride we ride its till the day we die /:
congrats on Caruso getting to go NBA Camping.
ECS Refining Presents Workshop on Recycler selection, Export Monitoring, and ... - San Francisco Chronicle (press release)
thank you love<3
hah he said hey!
the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world~~~ Harriet Tubman....RT RT
fun activity
There's gotta be a faster system to getting to these names, I just haven't found it. They're not easy to find.
No way I'm making it thru this game. Massive headache. Bed needed NOW
Thank you you bleed Black and Gold, and you'll always be a Steeler. Best of luck to you.
Ha, someone did in the last 3 minutes! would bring it to 666 now. Perfect! : )
It's 3:50am and I'm not sure if those of you who are awake are up late or early...
Locked out of our room woohoo
Trip to the Polish capital city tomorrow #Warsaw here I come!
yess We are never gonna grow apart
happy birthday young lady
Yay! Sounds good :)
-I Love My Bitch She Crazy,,,
Crazy couple weeks & headed back out on location this evening...
W.beyondthescoreboard.net are in hot water and need a couple of scenarios to get them in the playoffs
Why do favorites underachieve? Other ideas? RT : Heart vs. $$ / : All about who's hot at the right time.
I miss
#FlyMeToLondon is trending. but seriously though I don't mind.
Indeed! You're very welcome. RT : A night that involves octopus is a very good night indeed. Grazie
RT : Is it a paid internship or unpaid? RT : i'll be on the Death Star working on logistics reports for t ...
Archives Day 4: Permafrost, modernization, and a northern nation-RF Legget, Division of Building Research, and "New Aklavik"
Ok. Well enjoy...again lol.
we say things we dont mean it is just we feel mad at that moment but we try to make up for it
Getting Funny looks im walmart asking about a ski mask
sad. “: NYT NEWS ALERT: Maurice Sendak, Author of ‘Where the Wild Things Are,’ Dies at 83”
Wasted inning. Hart wtf was that?
hay bestie :) good ! long day , how have you been ?
going to get my hair glued in
Why is so damn perfect <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Amazing time tonight, talking with & presenting to Portland's biz community!
Giant Eagle...Shakespeare Street??? Maybe??
Congrats to "Breaking Bad"! Good job guys!
Gave Whiskey Golf a bath. Needs some TLC.
what about Heineken does that count?
I totally forgot about R132... but that's not really a color.
you trying to play football with the big boys lol
Bustin' out Timebomb this am in WeHo and makes me think of and miss
#love i luve u
Homework Help meets twice a week! Wednesdays from 1:30-5 and Sundays from 1-4. Students of all ages and grades are welcome.
you had me laughing so hard watching jimmy fallon, btw moneyball is a GREAT movie congrats!
Dont you be holding back your love..
Accidentally got a turkey sandwich on Good Friday. Said "Eh, arbitrary rule, God doesn't care." Then promptly dropped it on the ground.
lol ...but I do wanna go up to him and throw a unicorn cuz he gets on my nerves sometimes ( no offense )
Sucks that there is no game today, oh well, I should do homework...
Praying that all is well! Happy Wednesday!
Even though I would like to see what happens when you try, please don't because I like you.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X46
when I like ONE person I only pursue that ONE person, no one else matters to me regardless of who they or what they look like
oh, thank you! i think you're funny too
Its 4am & My Lover Wont Answer
Nice shots!
no you totally want to do it for me! Wahhhh haha please :)
You have any projects coming up?
Have a great weekend, Tweeps! Stay tuned next week for a letter from a Healthy Start Mom.
Listening to music...tonite has been a dubstep type of night! ;)
have you heard of the environmental risk summary report? This is greatly beneficial to you!
#HappyMothersDay THOSE SHOPPING ON EBAY..
Does anyone know if Seau was included in any of these class action concussion lawsuits?
THAT WAS FUCKING HYSTERICAL! I want to be those old ladies. (when I'm old. I mean)
#IGetJealousOf...other girls talking to my boyfriend
ALL I NEED FOR A GOOD TIME IS FRIENDS AND A GOOD PLAYLIST
I still Have CatCalifornia up?
That's not good! I would be happy 2 send #googleplus #invite if you DM address. :) I've only toyed w/it so far, but very nice.
Please follow my in person friends =) Thank you and
Very cool!
Beres sings on.... "oh what a confrontation."
“No gift to your mother can ever equal her gift to you - life”
Last Jarrett tidbit from last night: he is not a fan of file sharing ... (and I am with him on that)
Seems like everyone is heading 'home' for the weekend.
It's always fun to do something you've never done before.
This is the worst bunting pitching staff I've ever seen.
I have experienced that my inner state is far more important than any external circumstance. How about you?
graduation, please hurry up.
hot in cleveland
Will say that this part of site is rather disappointing. shallow deposits, low artifact recovery, no tools/features.
Good hair is only part of the package baby: they don't call me 'the spear who killed the lion' for nothing... Lol
150 RT : 100 degrees today. I can't even imagine what June/July will feel like.
Why am I such an idiot?
link doesn't work
OH and thanks to BRGR for putting on a great fundraiser this weekend!
i know. ugh.. it sucks. ive been a kings fan for so many years it seems like this team will always do that to me...
God created the world with you in mind so that you could STEP IN PUPROSE with Him in mind.
this seven-letter plural can be civil, labor, or "opposite of intersections"
You should never jump out of a 2nd story window using a sheet for a parachute! ;-)
just make sure you're feeding my baby! Take her outside to go potty!!
Probably the most likely scenario. I could definitely see a tea bag coming for Varejao.
And the next star eliminated from #DWTS...is...Gladys Knight
Baby, Opposites attract. So were good!
so many choices of things to insert.. Hmm.. Hi I'm michelle <3
I rather dream of u! ;)
Yankees close it out tonight, like the money line and the under
Woah! It's Marisa & I totally just noticed the new Twitter layout..why doesn't my account have it? I still have the old one!
My niece is trying to drown her siblings out by singing "oldies" aloud. Oldies = Bon Jovi
Dex & I was the Lil Wayne, Rick Ross,Nicky Manaj Concert last night & it was off the chain! Super show!
Biggest moth I've ever seen somehow got into my room and won't leave
Bahahaha thanks for the laugh
Rruuurrr, rrrooowww, seems like Facebook crashed, will the world ever be the same again? lol
yes it will get better :)
You have the best tweets! Love that you're live tweeting commencement today!
Hey thank you for follwoing me! :)
I don't care what they think in PA -- if Groundhog Chuck says we'll have early spring, then I believe him!
Time for something new.
Doors open at 3 tomorrow?
Best job in the whole world. :)
I hear ya. Makes my little cafe look silly!
Avengers was easily a 10/10. The best fight sequences, effects and funny. A total must see.
Did you ever know that you're my hero?
okay just stopped at the ivory room for one. You should come!
Hahahaha I love it!!!
GO COWBOYS TODAY!
Obama wanted congress to Default so he'd Blame them for Grandma's Ck. not makin it,he'd have his Emergency for Powers Act
I'm a 25 year Bronco fan DT. Congrats on a great year and enjoy the off season.
met author at a reading & book signing today. Buy her novel Kiss The Sky. She's nice!
lol I mean we do have the clover as the logo
I really need to finish reading this damn Tom sawyer book!
Hi Peter.
We all move on , but your still stuck in the past , everytime you see me , you get another flashback , fuck that, i dont want you back .
Seeing my brother getting ready to leave for D.C. makes me miss Florida more than anything. :(
I pray that i do not have to present first in this speech today.
#dontever believe others are better than yu !
I am! Nikki's grad party.. I'll drink a marg at Labo for you!
Gotta check it out for sure. Looks like fun.
oh snap I signed up mobile twiter I think
What is this nothing you speak of?
ATTENTION DALLAS - Who's interested in leaving work early next Friday? ME! Go to theHomeandGardenMarket.com <discount tickets available!
Celebrating #Veteran's Day with $11 house dinner specials after 5pm: Prime Rib Dip, Meatloaf Sandwich, & Country Fried Steak.- HH @ 4pm!
i love u take care of urself sweety :) i would give my life 4 u
Rep that South all day homey!!! ALREADY!!
What trouble shall I get in today?
see you there!
"Poets were usually bandits..." - Huda Fakhreddine
Trying the AKA hybrid cigar. Very impressive for their first try. Smooth and tasty.
Hold on, we're sending about 100 a day
I've tried five different ways to tweet tactfully about the girlie slides during #bigomaha presentation. I don't like them. The End.
I am the Twitter master of animaleyes. Figley
absolutely, keep up the good work!
from the way u described it i bet it was
I've busted more little shits then I should've. But I have dropped bigger shits off in the school playground anyways
I feel like writing.
bahahahaha! You so crazy
Wat up peep.
Can my City Council pass a law that lets me throw eggs at the Mayor every time he says something stupid? And bring me 100 eggs a day?
Great article!
i sure could ;)
Grumpiness just means you need hugs!
They should just rename Microsoft Internet Explorer to Microsoft Firefox/Google Chrome Downloader.
I love my iPad....I seriously do!
Now that everyone's out of the house, it's time to party it up!! Which means baking brownies and watching Netflix. ;D
Wow my grammar sounds like an asians in that last tweet. lmao
Just bought my ticket to Tampa, now just to play the waiting game but Britney and EDC next weekend!! :)
phelps should be starting. Freddy needs to go collect social security and turn in the pinstripes
I LOVE THIS. And I'm super honored you thought of me :)
Alrighty, back to movies & treats. Yay! :D
What's with all the dudes crying on the bench today?
more like fruit and yogurt !! :) .... Nothing major ... Getting my birth certificate !! And passport :)
I guess it is literally & figuratively. He's pretty sexy in the suit though...pr. ;-)
Best thing I've heard today "its like a snickers bar wrapped in a steak" (referring to a builder bar)
We all know that one person who thinks they have swag.
WHEN U REALIZE YOUR WORTH THATS WHEN YOUR STOP
Thank you love! :)
content deduplication addressing is inherent in Solidfire storage, it's inherent in how data is stored
": Wanna meet someone new? Follow member of #TeamBisexual #TeamBiSexUWell" Thanx Much Luv & Respect
sounds like a plan. We will have an interesting and unique burger creation waiting for you.
Had a guy from Uganda Africa come to school today. Gave him my act of kindness coin.
Red Sox pitchers are good at getting batters out of nasty slumps
I wanna be swarovski'd.
So no iced coffee today -too cold- but we do have mixed berry pies. Ne 42nd ave and killingsworth
Howdy, new Uptown neighbor - 2525 McKinney Avenue for and now Look good while U dine!
I agree! RT A5 Definitely research green products before buying to make sure they are truly what they claim to be
its running this account
Some people are just so easy nowadays.
Officially a homeowner!!!
I won't trade him for Granger I would trade Fields for George though
Great Day with Boo-Boo And Kia :P, Yoo I Swear When We go out , Bitchs and Nigga's always wanna mess with us.
I was taught a lesson of markets long ago. Stocks need reasons to advance but they can decline with no news. Bids drop to attract activity
Good Morning! Sun Saturday! Crazy day
RT Wait'll you see Time's Father's Day cover. Holy moly.
is a great show.
My skill set is key to any buyer or seller in the home market. I would be happy to share my knowledge & valuable skills with you.
head is pounding, getting hit in the head wt a softball fucking hurts!
ur not that much older.
Do you think the person who named Pi realized how many times in the future he was going to make people subconsciously want dessert?
"People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring."
btw, i follow all the people who follow me.
i agree, how you been?
Can finally tell everyone - my husband bought a second restaurant in CLeveland Park DC! Stay tuned for details! Opening in JUNE!
I'm trying to holla at you, boo!
Homegroups on Windows 7 are awesome. I'm currently pulling all the documents I need from my home computer onto my field computer...via wifi.
currently listening to some great stories about Yammer in the edu space. wish USF used Yammer when i was there!
Ima hookah blowing, camel riding, I don't give a lovely mother fuck ass Arab.
#NOTTE.....buzzin!!! This First Friday Drama free zone!! Get fresh and start da weekend off right!
Follow , ex-Wall Street analyst for all things social, mobile & startup. Plus, Batman & Star Wars!
teach you some dance moves?! I wish all I can do is jump hahah!
i'm from arizona where r u from
Don't forget, today at 3:00 we'll have our Chinese Coffee afternoon in the Grad Lounge
nope, ur the first. That's so sweet of you. Im actually pretty terrible at baseball.
If I had gotten my bikeshare key in the mail I would be home by now.
Blessed To See Another Day, God Is Good.
mine does... Wait a second. R u makin' fun? Ahahaha<U+E412><U+E412>
you so close hun!!!!
Someone message me im bored :p
Wanted: Meaningful overnight relationship.
RT : HOWDY...Dropped down to say Hi, LOVE Your Tunes Dear...Ron From Canada...> TY Ron!! <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
No body but! Lol. My fav sunshine band original.
Yea, I been there....I done that....Knock the $#$^& out, now she running back....
Bruesewitz gathers the offensive rebound, Evans dumps it in from right around the hoop. 38-31 in favor of UW.
sometimes I go to museums to look cool :/
That was just ...perfect
lmaoooo! that's sad.
Bravo Mr. Davis!
go, go! RT : Iowa vs #MSU tomorrow ... Go Spartans!
Kicked off another weekend at First Note Music Hall in Santa Rosa, Florida. Fun stuff.
Every chance I get!
My past dreams, are not as pleasant as my current reality
I have the best cargo shorts to induce this shame spiral.
Genius mix started with Bitter Sweet Symphony. It's onto Empire of the Sun now.
Instead of simply just mopping up the water, fixed the damn leak in the Haymarket station!!
: usguys? #HandsUp uh oh we may have created a Twitter monster! Happy Friday!
omg hopefully it let you follow me, but then again maybe not cos it only has 2,000 follow limit
#charlesbarkely is trending
I have a feeling that means we're not supposed to hang around much longer !
Love when you stumble out of your way...cute bakery w/mini cupcakes! Baked by Melissa
Wow! We're 25 shy of having 1,000 followers on Twitter. Thank you for all your help in getting close to that milestone!
Buzzed after being in a business meeting :o
I know she feels like I blow her off too hangout with my friends but really I just wanted too hangout with them for once
Tell her to chew me up RT watch out for the strike police
I hope all the worst things in life happen to you, and only you .
feels like its been forever huh?
ha yeah
That's a depressing thought and science can't tell us exactly why we have to sleep
Thanks for the follow!
I guarantee Omar feels like shit today.
“: see you next month in the desert.” sunset sessions yo?
Confident our players will make whoever Josh hires as AsstCoach look great.
Can I get a follow or a retweet from sox's best? I was just at Fenway today it was great
I'd really like to make a sun drop commercial. But I don't think I have enough ass for it
If #fringe gets cancelled, it will be "fun" listening to all the whining from people who didn't bother to watch it when they had the chance.
If you're smart, you'll pick this up RT : Our resist 7" is being shipped today, just in time for us to bring to brooklyn!!
it was boring but I think that was the point. False sense of security b4 hell breaks loose
"Start learning never stop"
When you're a teenager, 'No' is a complete sentence.
Will be in Atlanta a couple weeks!
yea you must not cuz they are the bomb
Dam got chocolate over my phone stupid M >:/
thanks for a fun conference!
Good luck tonight and with the season!
for sure - we'll keep you updated. Cheers!
A scoreless second leaves the score at North Texas 2, FIU 0.
it looked good :) and it was fun seeing how you make it it wasn't boring <U+E404><U+E105>
Thanks for the RT!
Cudahy coach Ryan Johnsen has accepted the head coaching position at Greendale, where he graduated from in 2003.
An Inconvient Truth: When you unstrap a Victoria Secret Bombshell Bra.
would you please test out my follow button to see if it works?;)<3
Good choice.
Knowlrge is power no doubt but imagination is more than power. It is being a small creative God.
So you're saying there's a chance?! RT “: 0.7% RT : chances the pack make a move for Mario Williams?”
yeah i think i will i really really like it!! my cuz was like it looks like something i would wear lol
ah, what time? Is my sister going?
This sounds hysterical!
Every Mother's Day my mom threatens to show me her c-section scar when I don't clean my room. And every year she thinks it's hilarious.
I hope your surgery went well and we see you back in the ring soon.
At the concert! J cole about to go!
I hate everyone in my class
check out my folio @ www.michaelcalixtro.com
#fashion #blogger ladies! interested in being in a reality show? send me ur email!
Thanks for the RTs folks! Gotta keep up with that twin sister of yours! ;-)
“: God Morning ....... Wishing everyone extra blessings on this day!!!”thx u also
Never fails! Guybrarians should look for the Buffy fangirls at the bars this weekend.
thanks! How many times have you seen her?
Went OK-worked with new coach. Now, on to Bankers! Frank! How's Swim Camp? :)
Why do women's groups campaign against a mens health office?
me too! And I often (just today) say CHI doesn't have "sweet storms" like STL. But this was pretty f-ing wicked.
keep both... 1= choir & other = interested enough 2 follow....extra work, yes :-)... Unless app combines tweets and +s...
Do you use virtual tours for your listings? What would make them better??
hey sorry I couldnt go! I feel bad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Sharon Link, Ph.D. and 16-year-old Jimmy Link to sign books in Spokane, WA at Hastings bookstores.
Anybody use TalkShoe? Trying to find out how to access host controls. Do I have to wait until program starts?
my only question is when....?
I hear a lot about Pd crashing, but it doesn't happen to me. Max4Live crashes sometimes though. I don't use either enough.
Well, I just haven't gone to any of those "bride events" an expo would overwhelm me, but this twitter chat sounds good.
Tip for the day: Contracts do not necessarily have to be written to be enforceable.
oh ok and my favorite song from kirko bangz is drank in my cup that my favorite song and my favorite rapper is drake and nicki
the hottest ; )
First Jack Layton, now Steve Jobs...
#ThingsIdRatherDoThanListenToBieber listen to
Picking up the new spectacles today...finally. These are the things I look forward to now...
Kohl Center ice sheet to be named "Bob Johnson Rink." 22 former #Badgers hockey players made gifts to "secure the ice naming opportunity"
I sense Zade My hart is happy
Let's have a safe day riding Metro, folks!
. begins to read a paper, saying that " isn't here any more." (Or is he?)
Thank you for the correction, 7/24 this Sunday Miami Ave. 10 st. 10 am to 8 pm
Is it sad that this excites me? RT Baltimore City recorded 10 homicides in Feb, one of the lowest monthly totals since 1970.
Last class of the day :))
I had fun at the Oregon Relays track meet today. Got to catch up with old friends and enjoy the warm sunny weather.
the problem is most GOP like being homophobic.
Apparently the "Intergalactic Headquarters" exists in a cellular black hole.
Hey everyone at by the step & repeat and get your pic taken!
rocks my socks off <3
i gotta give it to Floyd tho. His last 2 fights werent against scrubs (y)
but I'm mostly upset that Blake didn't send home that little country girl....
That dessert looks so good! What was it? I'm glad your mom had a great Mother's Day!
Oh my gosh it's been a while since I've felt this sick <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
Oregon set up 100K fund to compensate ranchers for stock and herd-dog losses to #wolves, also for non-lethal deterrence measures.
Hip hip hooray! I just got into the Cycling for Libraries unconference & I'll be biking through the Baltics this summer!
Feel the same sweetie. I'll try to follow your tweets to see when your on aswell, see I broke my mobile, so I don't get alerts!
Did and really just surprise me at my house with a frosty? I swear I have the best friends ever.
I feel handicapped when my work email is down
Btw these days are going by too fast! How the hell is it already Wednesday??
can y'all not mention me in this gay shit
yep yep.. ill be around .. what's the schedule for tomorrow..
nothing much. How r u?
Stop that! You were in ! RT : Seeing as I'm the laggard of our writing group!
oh how I wish I wasn't about to be in chapel, so we could have a much overdue skype date!
The final six women head to Macau, where they're challenged with re-creating their auras = #ANTM is on Tonight at 8/7c!
With Lindsay, haven't been on twitter in a while, oh well(:
Forms of online learning enhance students’ experiences
do you happen to have a extra pair of tickets for tommarow??
"Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy." - Benjamin Franklin
Planning on getting as drunk as an octopus tonight
Welcome 2 twitter. How r u?
Happy Thanksgiving!!! :)
An executive is a person who always decides sometimes he decides correctly, but he always decides.
computer? The typing computations machine with glow tubes?
if this doesn't get 7 RT's I will delete my twitter
would love u to so get a packin and get a plane ticket lol il help u move in
how do I get it ... in my email ?
Enjoy! Safe travels!
Precisely. RT : #Wisdom: Just because you *can*, doesn't mean you *should*
At my mom house readin and relaxn
Like you said, both the good and the bad. :)
ProtoTap company rehearsal went amazing yesterday! Finished our first piece. We're moving baby!!!
Annette Martinez: Find your fit and that is when you will make a difference.
That's because we both have good musical taste :)
you suck balls
Whats up with me being in the magazine
Bout to make some joints
Have fun!
Pizza, wings, #Jets victory, and ice cream. Sunday
my invite is in the mail right. lol
hey hey hey! Coach B is back in session.
nice look, shaved head, half smoked cigarette behind the ear.
Have a great run!
Even CBS's Sunday Morning: college costs have doubled in 10 years - $1 trillion in student loans, not including parent loans
Looking forward to providing the soundtrack to tonight's event featuring soon...
Not the strongest writing, shallow engagement but alright so far. I'm thoroughly spoiled from reading Neal Stephenson, though.
she good, she doin her hair
#Heartattack video premiere May 4th get ready to hear all about it from me I heart
Brrr! It's cold Seattle!
Go Brewers !!! Happy Opening Day !!! Mi.Keys tonight !!! Downtown Milwaukee, 10pm
Christmas 'Treecycling' begins tomorrow in Tucson - KVOA Tucson News Tucson Citizen Christmas 'Treecycling ' begins tomorrow in Tucson KV
hey girl! What's up?
He's all I ever think about. I wish he knew.
F'k yeah! Cotto's got Mayweather bleeding real good haha!
The question over whether or not the Big 12 is the best conference for #FSU is simple if only other option is staying in ACC.
my brother just emailed me, and he is amazing. sending me into a fit of tear-streaming, snorting laughter. he's my favorite.
Y'all take your BBQ seriously, I see. Nice.
So excited 2 be going 2 my 1st ever race on Sunday 2 meet n support n its so amazing that Denny just set Pole!
Whatever tomorrow brings, I'll be there, With open arms and open eyes.
UPDATE: I don,t "copy" anybody else.I am a "original' artist when I cover someone else,s songs.I strive to bring fresh "vibes" to the table
shit ..bout 2 hit up this video shoot... what u up 2???
RT "You don't write down to children, you write up." E.B. White, author of Stuart Little and Charlotte's Web. True.
"Affection is responsible for nine-tenths of whatever solid and durable happiness there is in our lives". - C. S. Lewis
But what if the last thing I want to do with my time on Earth is to get fucked in the optic nerve by a CG Ryan Reynolds?
Who is going to event tonigth?
If I can stop sneezing for 5 minutes that would be fucking fabulous thanks . . . Oh nopee there I go again ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E> Fml
SHOUT OUT TO YOU! EVERYONE FOLLOW HER IF YOU'RE COOL
teague is worst cal pg. I tease my wife bc she wants to see dunks, blocks, threes. Along with no titles, what cal provides!
Good luck to on her interview today i miss her and cant wait to see her Wednesday
#YouCantSayYourGROWNIf You Still Gotta Curfew !
RT : Dawgs on the list of most influential: professors Shwetak Patel + Henry Lai, +
I can never tell if I hate The Eagles because of my own musical taste or because of The Dude. Either way, man, could you change the channel?
Rise and grind
Better get that commercial directed by and He watered his Chrimbus bush all season long.
Sweet dreams going to sleep Why Tomorrow of new school
Can't sleep :'(
im so fucking annoyed its not even funny
going idk where bye
Hm. There's a thriving tech culture in NYC (which 'only' has Columbia and NYU) as well as in Cambridge, MA.
im tired. its late. goodbye :)
Half price ventis at Starbucks happy hour? Heck yeah.
Feeding the homeless people
Have a question for the U-T's EconoMeter panel? Tweet us your topics!
what made you wanna follow me? Lol
I have to do adult insurance things today...boo! I just wanna play on a slip-n-slide!
Cutler or Eli this week
females like it when they lay on they stomach and u get on them and fuck like that.. then wrap your arms around them. sextip
I'm a liberal with no party I can believe in
Pass it on tweeters!Check out SkeeNation MKE, bringing Skeeball back! Free tournament tonight at Landmark Lanes, 8 pm w/ a $100 cash prize!
Being in bed this early with the lights off feels so good
I worked HARD to be a part of the elite. I pushed the "follow" button on your profile.
u make me confused
why of course! though it is quite sad that we are are rarely here at the same time :(
DO IT! Same turning as a mandolin!
Awesome. I picked up a few of those too!
Yeah! You must have missed it when we shouted about it...a lot! :) Cool, huh?!
it's an b day
Stop & Stare <3 this song will never get old to me!
sure enough, that afternoon candy break restored my equilibrium.
what is a book curse?
Need to remember that beets were part of lunch, so as not to have a moment of great alarm later. I've learned this the hard way.
except win championships xavier!?????????????? Come on now let's be serious. I love counting the rings.
If u ever walk in on ur parents having sex u will go blind scream bloody murder then faint like i have...lmao
I should really do some studying...
.yeah. I <3 u jared leto
if you can find a canon rebel t2i, im pretty sure they are down to 500 now. Awesome camera!
DIXON, IL, PIRANAH IS COMING BACK! This is a benefit 4 the family of JEFF LINSCOT & it will be held April 7the @ the Moose Lodge in Dixon.
I always eat my breakfast in the car, and throw away my trash when I get to class ;P
Lmfao always have those cool music videos!
Be #kind whenever possible. It is always possible. -
Not much to update on with the boys. Reason for the lack of tweeting </3 -g
so lucky! That's awesome:)
Today at work I contributed a photo of 's Iowa-shaped chip for barackobama.tumblr.com. Today's a great day.
Seriously, this summer's going to kill me ;)
www.myspace.com/chustle1 check out my music and let me know what u think!!
RT : Live your life with purpose. The purpose to succeed!
Punishable by prison? Please? RT : Can we have a rule that you can't play a tambourine with the national anthem?
just walked by me at No one else knew who it was.
Reasonably priced post production.
So, uh, this is my 600th tweet.. #yaaay #dontcare <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
why is the catalog so slow lately?
great game tonight! Go Cats!
New Wing Special Starts Today!! New Wings! New Sauces!! 35 cent Wings/60 cent Boneless! Kitchen open till 10.
I think some of you guys pretend that someone hacked ur computer to really get your true feelings..lol
cool cannot wait, another way to connect with you gorgeous!
…and in the meantime there's a discount reward for "risk takers". :-)
Some people really need to grow up! If a dude don't want to be with then move the fuck on!
Follow R/T
Homemade facial peel: Hot tea steam in your face. I swear it's working...
House permeated with eau de skunk--probably one wandering around the perimeter. Happens every summer, thankfully no move-ins yet ...
Thank you and for hosting a great event!
It was great meeting you at #ncmpr2012 Keep me in mind if you have anymore video questions :)
Can't believe I'm headed to work this late but oh well <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
At work. I will be knitting.
Got me on my knees, LAAAYYYYLAAAA
Awesome game you punished them browns defenders!
My friend just farted in her sleep hahaha.
cleaned about 1/2 a cat's worth of cat hair out of my keyboard.
thanks, friend! Just breathing right now!
question... How do u trim? Do u always trim when straight?
I use to only do 2 or 3... this is my first focused chat. I won't lose sleep if I miss others. It won't be end of world.
Our library has a page! YAY! Check us out by searching Southwest Public Libraries on Pinterest.
Pick 28: Stay in Line by Teddy Slater - Number Sense & Groupings
can you get me up with some followers
Thanks!! It's due Friday, so I'm not quite there. But close!
True that, AL. RT : "why would your wife make the best first lady?" #whatisthis1960?
Not feeling any better.
Waking up at 8 for your 8 am class
But again he blogged nebulae of romance
Ready for football tonight!
Way to go ! Just saw your amazing sandwich sponsorship on Kong news for outreach tomorrow, thanks for all you do!
My only regrets are that I was stone sober, and that I don't know how to spell "Kanichiwa". 'Til tomorrow:
Matt Drudge’s rescue mission
wow the week goes by so fast back to school tomorrow
The Wizards makes the Pacers sweep easier to swallow
I think I'm enjoying the #xmasartpun from way too much. Although is there such a thing when it comes to being an art history nerd?
All the voting last night was worth it. Phillip needs to win. He's too legit.
I'm missing a good class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
watch it's guna come true
Good news: Fans are happy. Bad news: We have an unseasoned, run-happy quarterback who may or may not be the worst draft of all time.
finally listened to that song and i must say... the worst wiz track ever
God never blinks...im never scared cus I know whos lookin down me
We did! Do we get a prize?
Hahahaha! That is hilarious because it's true.
its dollar night
Which one is you? That link just takes me to the WaPo GOG logo
why am i so gay tho?
Buy a clapper for the lights lol
Can't stand when your nurse smells like smoke and has cigarettes in her pocket!
2012 Phenom Camper Phenom 150: Jouran Sanders °Rising 11th °Clayton, NC °Travel Team: Cleveland Pride °Point Guard 6’0
Sounds good.....m
I see people picking up their dog's shit, man is definitely dogs best friend
MAKE THAT ABOUT AN HOUR RT ight
Da wrong one....
Knicks are DONE
French Toast might just be one of the BEST smells to walk into. And one of the best dinners too.
For a man to achieve all that is demanded of him he must regard himself as greater than he is.
There is a difference between "taking pride in" and "being prideful about" a #startup. One invites success and the other invites a beating.
Water monitoring program continues May 14: “The monitoring program reaffirms our commitment to the surveillance and protection of the...
I really want it on dvvddddd
Never give up on your Future....
It's good, Mr. Ross! It means that I think you know what you're talking about when it comes to sports...and you certainly do, sir!
I'm excited. I want to see it so bad!
She brought me mcdonalds without asking. she will do anythign for me <3
I don't want a relationship where people say 'they look cute together'. I want 1 where people will say 'look how happy they are together'.
Thanks, Julie!
RT : So the new Jimmy Eat World album appears to have as its last track a cover of the Wilco duet with Feist, "You and I." #huh?
men/women open basketball season tomorrow at Beck Center (6 & 8 pm tips) with doubleheader. "Live at the Clive" x 2. Ticketmaster?
Word of the day: Conciliate (v) - To overcome the distrust or hostility of; placate; win over.
Wild times indeed. And bomb ass breakfast!
I hate when teachers make u watch a video with an old man... like 90...talking & talking slowly and mumbling about the past. ITS B-O-R-I-N-G
Talking about the cloud-based digital tools. Do we own them or do they own us? SHANTI Summer Digital Institute
is my favorite dept. store. Their QC is renowned in industry, and I picked up all of my traverse rods + killer pool chairs today.
Just love peaceabbey
posted it up into one my groups and I'll put it on fan page too. RT : BuildingMoxie Thank you times a million!
We are putting together our beer lineup, got any fan favorites out there to share?
oh we totally want one of those!! :)
it'll all be fine...
Don’t let anyone fool you, the most important meal of the day is #lunch. #Luckyforyou we open at 11 a.m. and have a killer Falafel
yay can't wait u should b a comedian!
#hospitality night at The Anchor Bar tonight in #tampa.. 50% off with proof of employment..
Happiness is falling asleep next to you and waking up thinking I'm still in my dreams.
well she was an american girl
Get a Dachshund!!! They're small but are full of personality, they don't smell, they're good guard dogs, & are just the best.
miss reading my monthly
We gotta play smart in this OT
A bad day in the south is better then any day up north
On an average day, do you spend more time on Facebook or Twitter?
Shout to all my lost boys, we rowdy!
Sustainability requires: library staff have the skills and support they need to evaluate community needs and evolve services to meet them.
Ok, if all of your tweets are you talking about weed or how high you are or stupid emotional tweets or indirect insults, Im unfollowing.
Thanks, Betty!
how are you supposed to survive without wifi?!?!?!
- The young ones are the most unlucky. They get filtered out by #DCF #CPS #Terrorist, stolen from home and sold for a profit
#stm2012 don't email editors with "helpful advice" rather give access to limited number of paid articles per year
ilike? do you really?
Karaoke might possibly be the worst thing ever created.... Or just possibly these are the worst singers ever!
sorry, just linked my new tumblr to twitter before posting like 30 things XD
The most important thing learned in Washington: Have a good bumper sticker
couldn't have put it better myself. Well said Sir.
been trying to find a way to contact you! Please follow swop-colorado let's connect!
There's a lot of people I can HAVE, but there's only one I WANT. <3 #
We take our ability to read so much for granted! Unimaginable, what we'd miss, how narrow, threadbare, our lives would be without reading.
Be anthropologists. Don't necessarily focus just on analytic data. Look at people's behaviors and beliefs.
#My #mom's #bathroom #scares #me #ENDOFSTORIE PrincessCiera
My boss may be a man, but he is a weak ass bitch. Grow some balls and a dick, instead of the peas and carrot your sportin'. Punk ass.
:( Next year, for sure.
Never start an argument with a woman when she is tired - Or when she is rested!
"How to cultivate entrepreneurship among folklorists?" teach them biz/mgt skills and/or convince them its not always evil?
letting go sometimes is the best thing to do!
Two words come to mind that aren't necessarily that bad separated, but combined, they are hideous..I speak of "toe jam".
yaba daba freaking doo! I'm so ready to get out of here ... #tiredof working
it's the kiss of death.
R.I.P. Maurice Sendak. TY for a lifetime of memories
do the photogs you work with do the shooting & the editing?
babygirl I love you so much and I don't know what I could do without you <3 Look at my fb status....bestie telepathy
RT - I bet the Creekside Knights football team can beat the Jacksonville Jaguars.
sound like my type of party
#followFriday Follow ...best networking group in Pittsburgh! And I am their spokesperson!
Aviator Sunglasses Silver Frame Mirror Lens
GOP Jesus Says: "Remember, if you didn't have the poor, you'd have no one to exploit. That's why I support Ryan Plan."
I may need special computer glasses...
Frances will give the commencement at West Chester University tonight - receiving her 21st honorary doctoral degree! Congrats to the grads
Cop cars should play the jaws theme song..
We just unfollowed a psychic we inadvertantly followed. I wonder if he knew that was coming?
Until next time!
erase the silence
Free classes are held all day Sat., June 2, during the Great American PitchFest in Burbank, CA. Join us!
No matter how you feel about women..just know the world couldn't function without them.Let's lift our women up with royalty!
check your DM's
You know, just trying to go for a run in the heart of a zombie apocalypse. Earned the title "Runner Number 5" #Zombie,Run
Haha, I didn't even think about that, but yeah. I'll take my QB's with confidence, please.
being sick sucks! D:
Glad to see I got you following - Hope to see you & Cam out in Boston or down in TX soon.
More than 7 billion animals die yearly for human consumption
I was feeling very awake a few hours ago. I'm starting to CRASH.
I just noticed I wrote "Ibanex". Derp. Really, I can spell...
thanks for following. Happy Holidays!
I hate giving good people bad news. Hate it.
Always presidential and tonight's no blue moon
things are great! right back at ya!
Morning Elsie. Thank you for the prayers! Thats so sweet. And you are very welcome. :) Praying your week is hugely blessed as well
Can we get out of Afghanistan and Pakistan now?
Good night everyone
Um my back hurts. We need some hired help
Oh, i get it! " ( Teacher walks away ) " Dude, i still dont get it"
Mine is the whole part with Beck and Robbie and Robbies' Bully. lol
Also, looks like some WV players were tweeting to "jpoyt29"...but now that account doesn't exist...
LOL Just watched 12 elderly ladies power-walking in London park. All had wild green or orange caps and vivid colored clothes. GREAT!!!
Stop on by and say hello at Interfolio's booth #43. You can also stop by to enter to win an iPad 2. #Winning!
Church tomorrow to see my bby :*
guess that puts me out if the running? Lol
thanks for providing the info for the MIT Usability-Accessibility webinar. Mtg ended early and appreciate ability to jump in!
Tell Josh To Get To Bed
It feel like bustin a nut being back in the studio
On sep issue, does CB have anybody who reg live-tweets to report - ie, covering mtgs, sports, events? Working on a program.
Good night -_- dnt wanna go to school
yeah it took forever for me too. But it's awesome. Download the find friend app.
Get a New job!!!---i bet the parents are like CRAZY--yelling at ya
good idea! RT : Give the best holiday gift of all - help the dogs and cats who are still waiting for their forever homes.
Just beat Mass Effect 2, now i just need to wait til next march for the third...
it takes at least .5 seconds to get a shot off..he had no choice but to throw it to the paint & try & get an alley-oop.
wassup bro !!! long time no speak
help ? use this tag ? please BrazilLovesAustinMahone
K COOL. Over the past week i have lost over 20 followers, and went from 350 lists to 332 : / I don't understand!
The Washington Generals, err Phoenix Coyotes rallied back, but not enough to stop the mighty from taking a 2-0 lead!
Yeah, that particular one on Woodward in Bham was one of my favorite spots. I loved writing on 2nd floor and watching Woodward.
#man *aaron martin voice* haha
only able to count our friends on one hand... A+ life
Zen wisdom from the zen BUNS will appear magicaly here every Wednesday during 2011 the Year of the Rabbit.
after 3 years. #homelessness becomes a lifestyle.
what's up!!
I can't believe I hung out with Christian for like 8 hours and only got one bloody photo with him... That makes me mad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Great finish for and the to pull out the win.
Not entirely fair: Peter Hornsby gets credit for the excellent emulation. I did more of the digital repository work.
WHATA WAY TO START OFF THE NEW YEAR WITH A FUCKING EARTHQUAKE YEAH THE WORLD'S GONNA END SEEEEEYA
-___- Today is going to be another one of those days.
I'm bracing for all the knockoffs which just add a zombie subplot to Hemingway.
is so much > than not that i'm trying to start a georgia turf war....
I've come to realize that the only "music" MTV plays these days is those Education Connection commercials.
12 Days o'Twitter:on 11th day of Twitter truelove gave to me 11 apps for iPhone 4Gs camera 10 White House presspasses 9 maids o'milking 8...
Checking out Loving these guys. See them on Friday at 12:00pm at Barbarellas. QM present
HOLY CRAP!, its rainy! going to the union tonight if it clears up, anyone interested?
1D is blasting on my computer. #NoShame I don't wanna do anything anymore today. x
Meg: "... You stalker." Me: YOU TAGGED ME, and I got a notification..?
"Social traffic is better than search traffic" -Steinberg, buzzfeed prez Facebook vs. Google also says slow hiring growth=red flag
I really like them, too, until they get hard. Then the ADD kicks in.
nice rip
So....who's in Chicago and wants to house me Monday night? #please #lastminchangeofplans #<3
Thanks Tommy :)
whhhhaaaaa??? Omg ur name is Margarita?? Haha I forgot about that.. Its not for you!
iDont Think About Money , iJuss Get iT .
Wow now I know i'm going to have a really good race season!!!!! Love the new bike an set up :)
woke up in tears imissuy brandon come back i can't take this iloveuy:(
First food of the day: salmon filet at 6:30pm. Not too shabby!
So I just got my new editing machine and used #facetime for the first time. #Apple, I love you.
The reason Boehner smokes so much is because his tears put the cigarettes out.
Rose may be the #Bulls MVP and heart but Joakim Noah is their energy. It's going to be a rough game without both.
I love you Slim, we coulda been together, think about it.
Been busy, I'll grant you, BUT the live ep of 30 Rock is wonderful. Just a gorgeous argument for live performance. Awesome.
awesome!!!! got this on full volume. thank you
I Wonder if i died would tears come to his eyes? Forgive me for my disrespect. Forgive me for my lies.
RT Smell that weed smoke!
Some days, I realize that being an "adult" is dumb.
This day should have been formalized a long time ago! Glad it's finally here. Feelin' good now about the week ahead! Thx, sista :)
One horse sized duck! Birds can be aggressive!
Thanks! RT Need a place to relax after a hard day? Head over to for soothing live Jazz music&drinks during HH!
Try adding Google latitude your child's phone then you will always know exactly where they are at
lol, i see you be gettin yo money tho and deal with alot of crazy mf's all the time lmao
I'll say one word - pathetic. That cannot be. Sixteen golfers. Are you kidding me? And that is a huge prize fund - Ian Poulter
I can't ever turn #MadMen on late again. #ConcentrationCampMartian?
The fruit cakes should have left not collizion.
Got hacked today. Should be all resolved now. what is with people who feel the need to hack? too much time on their hands, I suppose.
Got told Happy Mothers Day, its always nice to know that her memory wont be forgotten. rip emily i love you. goodnight
Come dine at the Daily Grill and enjoy one of the twelve delicious dishes on the new Simply 600 menu! Have you tried it yet?
Step up and declare new support for efforts to stop Kony's crimes this year
#Luther “: Stringer Bell (Idris Elba) is on tonight's WH guest list for dinner w/ British PM David Cameron #thewire”
Good find, thanks Matt -- are all over this: b/w , and (I think) they cover the 3 big needs
I grew up long time ago!
On this day in 1973 Martin Cooper of #Motorola made 1st hand held #mobile phone call standing on 6th Ave in NYC.
next time, Opeth open for Katatonia...
Updating my I-Pass info: "Can I speak to Jared Kling?" Um...this is as close as you're gonna get. They were nice, though, so it was fine.
the major payne directioners have knowing its impossible to meet the boys...;)
I just tuned in to one of their videos now a bitch is late...smh lol
I'm gonna miss ya in Baltimore my friend.
that's nice to know..I had pretty much thought that..haha
If you are going to #HIMSS in Vegas, ZirMed would love to show you our new automation tool for payer payments & our patient
i dont feel good at all -___-
Now for some Poetic Justice!
Anyone else nervous? The markets move into unchartered territory tomorrow. Let's keep our fingers crossed that the markets don't overreact!
Reggie can still beat them!
My pleasure!
Be where you are; otherwise you will miss your life
Cause you're my baby girl right . . . Right ?
If you've requested commissioned work or proposed an artistic collaboration in the past few months & not gotten a reply, I'm working on it!
it is 11pm, and i have no cookies or ice cream. HOW HAVE I LET MYSELF SLIP SO LOW???
Scheduled to meet with a great up & coming animator "B A Movement
RT : It's a Clear 10 Vodka Tuesday at OSP! We have Clear 10 Vodka Lemonades & Limeades for Only $5 ... so much more!
how does what work
what was the topic? Can't wait to see it!
I HATE that! RT : My free oil change turned into two new tires.
we got your back in gh.
stop it. Stop it now.
Its time for me to leave the house now quietness ends
Black finn. a line?? Really???
my power is back on but I lost the microwave. It's fried.
It was so good seeing you too!! Truly brightened my day! Xoxo RT : great seeing &lt;3
I like the part when Mr. McDowell slams door in the boyfriend's face. He keeps ringing doorbell and then sicks the dog on him.
Di Canio banned for 11 matches for pushing ref. Better or worse than that?
its a normal word here but ppl from other states are like what?!
keep on eating donuts for 2012 porky lol!!!!!
first person to watch your Santa clause is coming to town #swag plz follow me:)!!!!
“When you know better you do better.” <U+2015> Maya Angelou
High gas prices are one thing, but the price of a glass of McAlister's sweet tea increasing by 11 cents...that is my economic backbreaker
Welcome to Wine Diego ! Our website is under development at the moment. Please feel free to contact us if you would like to be a member.
we had competitors as young as 13!
Hi Zaw, fatal Google error during your restore process caused the problem. We're digging into it. Just sent you an email.
Can't find any schema for Twitter's API's return values. This is both annoying and impressive. We're not in Enterprise-land anymore, Toto...
you just wait.
#raw10 Diff btwn Men n Women. Let there b 4 kids n 3 hot dogs. Mothers cut up the dogs n make beanie-weanies. Men, we order Pizza!
You like a bitch wit no ass...
There's Clown battle going down right now!! >:D.
Do you look yourself straight self and think about who you let between your thighs?
yeah, I totally would.
wrote a book. Take a look? www.taniajames.com
Ooh, I will keep my eyes peeled.
Well, just single handedly saved this episode of #raw. Just more proof of why he's the
thanks 4 following back.
RT I will follow and shout out the first 50 ppl to retweet this.
Europe does have some solid lures, yes. When it comes to bass, however, not so much. Japan is the opposite.
im bumping that... UGK - One Day U Here ... so soulful, the track got me through some rough times...
This month only when you purchase clothing or jewelry @ DPC get 10% off of your purchase.
loved what
Over 80% of women who completed my Living in Abundance course experienced an increase in income! 80%!
RT : LADIES: WHO WANTS TO GET #CIROCWASTED WITH ME #VIRGO2K11?? ITS ABOUT TO GO DOWN SEPT. 17TH SODO YOU READY?
Lmao! Were u and ur wings out? Lol RT : is it 3pm yet?? should take over the airwaves early today.
omg that looks amazing!
Reunion day 2 :) I love being in Charlottesville!
wish I could say I was surprised lol
Everybody follow he's the real Princeton and this is his new account!!!!!! So Follow Follow Follow
Lol my daughter can't stand this toy..but she always seem to have it in her hands
If you are free this evening, why not come by the Comedy Store and have some laughs. You might see a hooker biff it on Sunset Blvd!
Just don't give up on me baby
Hope You enjoy the program
This girl has told me before her "mom doesn't like Jewish people very much," yet I continue to babysit her because I like money. Irony.
How do you lose $6 billion in 6 weeks?
Spit shine everything.
did you just get a twitter? Lol
What? I Did I Really Did Talk 2 Da Homie.
CONSTRUCTION: Left WB lane of US 26 between Cornell and 185th will stay closed for a week. Expect delays during rush hour
home why ? Lol
: Apple just announced the LEBRON IPHONE, it only vibrates. No rings.
When I'm depressed, I cut my self.....a piece of cake :)
Action may not always bring happiness; but there is no happiness without action. – Benjamin Disraeli
Wake up
Come on, Baby! Don't give up on us! Choose me, and I'll show you love...
yay! Re: puppy/library school done.
Good Morning! Chief Flynn expected to address personnel matters after firing four MPD officers. We're live with details at five.
Practice here I come
Everything is at least 1002% more fun when you do it wearing a bunny costume.
I don't understand why I always end up doing someone else's job.
RT : justin bieber hair sold online for 40 million online the other day how gross! And sad is that? Found that out on conan
Sometimes I forget that I'm not a princess and everything I say and do isn't right...
if you or someone you know need MAJOR Facebook Promo to 500K+ contact me [ ]
I was surfing around and saw some new songs like... "Living the Dream".. are you guys breaking up or something??!
hm. So do you wanna call me now ill dm u a number
Hey are you Japanese? Cuz I wanna get in ja-pan-ese;)
.... have you said your prayer for the day.
please follow Thanks.
Our days are numberd and we know were not getting younger but its nights like these that meake me not really care!
is there significance to the fact that walker is getting more votes than falk and barret combined?
I'm slightly aggervated
Inspiring planning session with this morning!
crappy -Literally crappy like in a plastic bag and tossed in the trash to be burned later... Sorry to gross the ladies out.
Testing live tweets before the marathon! Only 3 days, the finish lines up on Boylston!
First few flakes of #snopocalypse phase 2 beginning to fall here in S Everett.
It is Spring here in PDX right? despite snow last night!
My verse + new instro =
lol tell me how u got those abs those are new!
If you are going to try it, now is the time- over 50% off a smoking cessation hypnosis session! Check it out on crowdclick!
Congrats you guys!
I actually have no idea. I hope so. What exactly are we supposed to do?
Good, I guess he could use it to cheap shot more defenseless players.
couldn't agree more : Can't believe how great this game is! #WJC And and are making it so much better
“: After last night's times, I will be ranked 3rd in the state in the mile! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” Congratulations !
RT The only thing better than reading BLOOD, BONES & BUTTER would be reading it at Prune.
Did you know, that in the United States, about 80% of all tea consumed is iced tea?
im going to warped tour!!!!!!.....you realize the ticket is only $50 per person? :P
Ugh, yes, almost changed channel. MT Nickelback as NBC's NHL playoff theme music is bad for NBC. Bad for the NHL. Bad for America.
Working on an ad for one of my favorite lines this morning.
Exciting interview with some guests coming up next. Tip: listen for the eyesight check in interview. Funny!
Welcome to Stump Holler, my friend.
Still wanna Go out to Eat tho .
He died on that episode of , right? cc:
#STAR the joy of Jupiter is in 11th house b/c topically #traditional #astrology relates it to good expectations, increase, hopes, children
it's not over
lmao! the town would now the looneys have been let out for fun. lol
the Rompus Room. Really great!
Bored on the phone and today has been crazy saw a grenade out side and she was looking at me it was creepy
Y U NO USE COMMON SENSE?
Me, too. It's a shame that so much of the opposition has nothing to do with policy and everything to do with politics.
Great night. Great friends.
nothing waiting to hear back from upmc
Hey every1 can u pls follow my other account pls & thank u haha
God bless Greg Landig God got a good one.
Great , broke my new nail polish .
Lots of phone time with today. Lots more plans for a fantastic ride season, with plenty of
Had a great time last night at the thanks to rockstars and for hosting!
send me the link with the package
where r u guys going on your summer tour
The House! This is the worst day of my life...
When are we going to stop protecting the insurers and start protecting the insured?
Man some help would be good right about now!!
Or is it the start of a permanent change to the look of the Terrace?
I LOVE Forever and Always :)
in the big city, nothing hurts nothing hurts.
Which mortally wounded #American captain coined the term "Don't give up the Ship"? Stay tuned for the answer
oh yes. I feel guilty too. why don't more people recycle their products?
Self-concepts of black males become less tied to doing well in school by the time they reach college
4.3 for RG3? : Bovada.lv Combine Odds: Who will have a faster 40-yard dash? Robert Griffin I (-140) or Russell Wilson (Even)
Tumblr CEO says displaying ads 'complete last resort': The chief executive sat down for an interview with AdAge and revealed that put...
I forgot how much I liked The Raveonettes' "Whip It On".
haha, too cute.
Thanks for checking us out. Feedback always appreciated.
Large police line at 15th and Broadway. Flashbangs fired.
You changed the filter - didn't you, Mitchell!
I heard when you were a child your Mother wanted to hire someone to take care of you, but the Mafia wanted too much.
I am
question mark?
Did a massive amount of laundry today, which has meant I spent today dressed like a Kurt Cobain wannabe
oh, i though you meant ugh about baby !!! haha. i get it.. you meant weather!!
Foursquare check-in at your polling location tomorrow and use #LugarforCongress when you vote.
' Once heard that KC ppl are jealous then other states!
"He is so bad he burns paper with a magnifier glass at night" Wait, what?
And the #Packers select ... Nick Perry DE from USC
I hate wheen ppl ask me why im gay. -___- $eriously bitch?
new mixtape is his best yet
love that you're both back! Svu, yes!!!
- would love to meet other local Indians in the investor/entrepreneur space - just don't know of any organized efforts to connect.
I don't trust people with ponytails!!!! Lol
how's the jugs
Kiss, Shock Me
I want to see the ring!
hey, it happens to me too Java! Guess no one reads our Twitter bios, sigh..::kicks ground::
I wish I could get some real pineapples RIGHT now. =(
yeah, but he doesn't tweet. i'm not sure quintin allows him to.
thank you. Your interest in my preso was very nice. Seems like people liked it.
you're welcome Dr! I hoped one of those would work. Hopefully I've earned a follow... :)
We can't waait to see your photos!! Thanks for joining in the revelry! XO!
You guys are really good. Would you like free promotion? Email me at to get started!
Some of us get a little and some alot we gotta make due with whatever we got
Welcome to Twitter :-)
I know what you mean. That's not the one that got shot the other day...is it?
Tickets are now on sale!! Get the EARLY BIRD SPECIAL and save $15 off the ticket price before August 1st!
QT : Secret life!(omg has me addicted now...:/
Keep making music, because your music really has meaning. <3
In this way, you could connect with the local scene while giving potential customers something more interesting than just hours of operation
now im gonna actually TRY to kill myself </3
It shouldn't bother me, but it does. I shouldn't care about you, but I do. I should hate you, but I don't.
lol Gotta go
So amazing, to my heart
Have fun. ": Casual ten hour work day."
Refuse to go to the last two classes
Vegas. Nice! Work or play?
#howiknowyoustoleit you're selling a new "factory unlocked" iPhone "4G" for $250.
Unfortunately, we will be unable to make that time. We have a prior engagement at 4:00pm EST.
love you bethany (: <U+2764>
Random things that deserve a tweet. Your favorite pillow, perfectly chilled, pansies, wi-fi that works and Chapstick.
Be blessed.
studies on one particular site automatically excludes those who are not on the site - and choice of site is never random
Samuel Barber concerts now over, next a choral opera based on the Zoroastrian creation story.
are you an entrepreneur in the tech world check out !great new partner program and amazing company to be employed by..ya I said it
& on SNL tonight!
I hope that #MarianoRivera is okay; we need him.
catch that, Luke, SHE is a hard worker?!!? Better her than us! Glad dinner was good-
I bought a Mac Book Pro & I never use it
I was so happy to see the anniversary edition in my mailbox today.
Try a little harder today than you did yesterday. That is all.........
I love this dark and stormy weather!!!
Who steals the bolts from a bus station bench outside of senior housing?? #c'mon
GO PACK! 1pm vs Heels. Watching at
#GOCA1420 will be open today at noon! Thank you to all who came to celebrate #Louis Cicotello & 30 Years of GOCA!
Have a safe and fun Halloween everyone.
#FF my girls and
Why do mobile version blogs always have such HUGE photos? I always have to scroll all the way down to view the web version
what's the name of that mix you got on podcast on itunes?? I wanna jam too it :)
As much as I'm trying to keep my head up, this day can't get any worse..
there's a quorum of java devs behind me
Glad ya like it out loud! RT : Listening to old Back and forth with has me laughing out loud! Not lol-ing.
Is it working again?
Long day!
#thatawkwardmoment when your hairdresser starts crying and venting to you.
Carmelo's performance is shocking. Almost Lamar like.
I hate Tysons.
just saw a real-life Bum fight!,God I love Milwaukee
Will QB #Obama be #Tebowing himself? www.brandingobamessiah.com
For #Follow Friday, follow and
Thanks for being our 700th follower! Tweet at us with any good columbus food hosting ideas / events! We'd be happy to host.
i feel like if they are below my knee I might as well wear pants
It seems kind of warped to eat over-easy eggs with roasted, shredded chicken, but it tastes too good to be wrong.
Nature Research Center opens to public
Finally legal. RT : Happy Colony Day #PhiKappaPsi IL Zeta! 21 yrs of excellence @ DePaul!
im goin balls deep!
Time for some Bebe Neuwirth and Shakespeare at one of my favorite theatres in New York, .
Hey - We had a blast playing Logo last night! 3 families, 4 teams = Tons of fun!!
i don't like it ethier just asking
": SHOUT OUT TO ALL THE ANNOYING ASS QUOTE & PARODY ACCOUNTS!!!!! you guyz r so original & shiiiit"
#WorkMom quote of the day..."See Katie...people are people...people are real!" TGIF
Wait 'til Sara Palin reads US magazine to find out her daughter is engaged!
The girl cookie is giving me the silent treatment. I am totally counting my blessings.
your store was TO DIE for. You should open a permanent one. :)
work is great! Skype whenever you are around, tonight my time?
i had cereal for lunch lol :)
Class went well. I wish I hadn't promised myself I'd finish marking bibliographies before earning my caffeine. Back to it.
sweet full tilt patch bro
no prob. Keep it up G...
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
DONT SLEEP!!.. I NEED YOU. <3
15% - wasn't that the same margin Bonamici beat Cornilles by last night?
Let's start praying now...for your stomach... o.O
did you see the nuggets d? Kobe was destroying them Game 6 is a wrap We need rest for okc
Sunday April 10: , pygmy lush, low hanging wires, and veterans at Goetz Alley in Cincinnati! for more info.
People say that they have rough mornings. Best cure: thechive.com
Chicken parm, mashed potatoes, & cookie brownies. Nonomnomnom :D
OMG SO LATE ON THE FAN VIDEO EVERYONE IN THE VIDEO THERE IS A NEW DEAD LIE!!!
Amazing. The Right exemplifies EVIL but points at everyone else to deflect from that fact. Talk about false prophets!
Buffs killing themselves with penalties....unbelievable
Me too. RT : Not a good week to have both Ray Rice and Frank Gore on your fantasy team.
please follow she followback!
I have no home phone or broadband. I'll have to move furniture in every room to check the line & avoid paying £140 callout to BT. Cr
Once we have a direct experience of the inner Light & Sound, we realize that we are not the body but are soul. - Sant Rajinder Singh
bored. RT for a S/O..
Mike Leach to be the next head coach at Washington State. The Pac-12 is going to be loaded!
my mom passed away in 07 and i never got over it. what do i do ?
hey do you know any limo services in San Jose?
#HappyMothersDay to every mother that looks forward to seeing their children and spending time with them
Gotta love my haitian fam. Lol No radio music, they sing gospel songs during road trips. Time to pull out the headphones.
im tiyerd and i cant sleep cuz all this crazzy stuff and i have to trye to so bye goodnight and nee more falowers need at least 100
#Web2.0 Digital ICE are doing the facilitation of the training on Web2.0 applications
shoutout - « she owns the account ! go follow her &' cohs she's gorgeous !
For the record the opening credits of COME AS YOU ARE are awesome
actually a quadroooople! about to start 2 other pages for clients. it's a tough job, but somebody's gotta twit it!
YES, Aggro Crag! Guts & Legends of the Hidden Temple were fundamental Nick.
I wonder why people bash yoga for being spiritual but don't bash reading for doing the same? Everything depends on context... nd crazy gorey
A. what is the fail whale and B. your cupcake was better than any cupcake I've ever had
Haha. But how long will it last?
Hmm, the building next door to the building next door to me is on fire.
i would pay 5 bucks for that!
I knowww she wants locals... But I think we're gonna make it happen :)
New iPad(: THANK YOU MOM && DAD!!!
gotta change your pic bro! Welcome to twitter
the only reason why i know who Taylor Swift is because of mah man Kanye West.
Thank you!!! Hope you have a great day! =)
I hate when that happens.... chin up !
For more news information visit www.tncnews.com watch the video and be connected with the WORLD News
Which #Wits are you coming to?
4,534,729 individual tax returns were filed in MI in 2009 (latest figures available) 3,564,921 received a refund.
Hi Lisa! Thank you my Facebook page is Teenella's K&M Hair Accessory!
Scotch for all!
Duerson shot himself in the chest to preserve his brain for concussions studies. If Seau did the same, it's a powerful (but sad) statement.
Well at least the bases are empty now :( damn grand slam :(
When you take care of the outside you will be become better on the inside.
all I can say is..."you make my dreams come true"
The #NewYorkKnicks have beaten the Celtics, Clippers, and Hawks over the last two weeks, so I know that we can hang with good teams.
FIFA should also have replacement refs. If you make a wrong call, your tourney is over. No chance for another fuckup.
First Date Impressions- First impressions are important make them count. Here are some tips-
RT : "Success is just a process".
truly hope next season finds people who don't feel entitled like #BL13. Lost my desire to watch, but want it back!
Thanks for the follow and like your dailyaudition site! very cool :)
So much so that I don't even want shit to do with y'all on a personal or musical level. This shit is so sad.
Common mistake. Hope you are doing well suit. Maybe we should hang out more than once every other year.
you make me giggle constantly. I love the people on the couch watching the sunset. So sweet.
...one of my favorite movies, in fact it reminds me of myself. got a message to deliver, long journey!
Sad observation. Seems true of life, not just DevLearn. We'd love to talk to you in person. We're in booth 418.
.: modeling can include rules for assembly; also bricolage, inventive use things intended for another purpose
A DREAM THAT YOU WISH.,WILL COME TRUE.....HAHAHAH....I WISH SOO......
Buffett's in town? Fins to the left!
Know any #Albuquerque Public Schools that needs some fundraising help? Let us know...we are here to help!
Hey everyone, follow he plays Rock Bass in and he rules!
A bag of money is all I see": Ill never change, this is always me"
roses are red, violets are blue. faces like your's belong in the zoo, don't be mad i'll be there too; not in the cage, but waving at you. :)
only 151 miles from columbus!
Thanking God for another day.
we should hang out ;)
Went to see Avengers as a band! Successful outing if I do say so myself.
The next person to ask me why I'm wearing "Flyers Orange" is gonna get a pencil up their ass.
Bucks are losing by 9 to the might Charlotte Bobcats.
I will be on my porch lol
Thank you Anthony! Congrats U 2 in June :) It just gets gooder & gooder each year
"There is certainly no absolute standard of beauty. That precisely is what makes its pursuit so interesting." - John Kenneth Galbraith
Happy birthday your a great mother and hope u have a wonderful day
"Then I make assistant manager....and that's when the big bucks start coming in."
I haven't seen since last summer I really miss him though but I only saw him tide past in the car :(
dont tell kds 'they cn dream & be anythng they wnt 2 b"..It is a difclt wrld ..don't complicate their futre life with false dreams of today.
MARRIED BITCHES GET CHEATED ON TOO!!
I'm missing live. Bo. :(
I need more followers
why did you try to run into that moped on the way home?
Where has that got them the past couple years over these young gunners?
Today we're playing- WOULD YOU RATHER: Eat 1 pound of our famous Big Bill’s Buffalo Hot Wings or 1 pound of our Classic Potato Skins ??
Check out the inspiration and final work by Ellie Siskind, one of the artists at Gallery 924 ://instagr.am/p/HrkIacr2i4/
how come you were icing your knee a couple of days ago?!
happy belated valentine's day. was in the air traveling.
We need to get Teague a pair Velcro gloves to ball in. Our boi is always losing the ball.
it's like 35 on ticketmaster
RT : The #tumblresque is powered by the energy of Martin Heidegger turning over in his grave.
Yes the parking gods are loving me! Found a spot on the first pass only a block or so from
Heard thru the grapevine that is catering #TXScotRiteAccessLux! Hope they serve the Bistro 31beet salad.
things arent always what they seem. words dont always mean what you think. it is better to ask and learn than assume and never know
To know means to record in one's memory; but to understand means to blend with the thing and to assimilate it oneself.
Now THESE are the Celtics!!!!!!!!!!
Or fizzle like a dud...
- just saw this now - hang in there, friend. Let me know if I can help at all.
you are welcome :) <3
we don't expect a data update any time soon but we will def tweet it out when it happens! thanks so much for your interest.
just bored chillin
ok really, what happened to Rosie???
see, and I thought you were saying you missed me :(
Thank you #SusanKim4 for the heads up!
No penalty there on Brown, during a scoring chance, but "faked" goalie contact they make a call? Hot garbage...
Whew! 'Made it. I love Integrity Auto in #Carmel...and not just bc they were flexible about my drop-off time today.
Any news on your cousin?
Waking up really early when you don't even have school. Kill me now.
Good to meet you too. Thank you!!!
BCA is LOUD tonight! Let's get it going!
Enjoy sky diving buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
love you jasmine! :)
#IWantBTRAutograph WE RUSHERS GO HARD ON TWEETING!! Really hope you see my tweets & pick me :)
My abs hurt bad!!!!
I've never flew over the Bermuda triangle, always wanted to; but death wish isn't exactly on my top 10 at the moment. Maybe next week.
Heading home after a good day at work. I wish I had a helicopter to speed up the hour plus drive home.
Ok I don't really watch much tv but I just saw this commercial... Did Clay really put on some depends?!?! lol
“Evolving Mental Models” Daniel Eizans,
WINTER BREAKDOWN 2011 PRESALE TICKETS AVAILABLE NOW! Only $10 Dec 11 @ The Epicentre in Mira Mesa, CA hit us up for tix! AIR set time 5:20pm
Hope those sirens arent for me. Doubt it.
So my day has sucked immensely alreeady. An hour of sleep plus a coffee spill while driving plus being cut off multiple times is just. No.
Forecast for Tonight: Partly cloudy. Lows in the mid 50s. Southwest winds 10 to 15 mph. Becoming north after midnight.
awesome. I will refrain from asking too many questions.
It made me do the DTST. That funny.
#childhoodmemories When being mean to a girl meant you liked them, now it just means you're being a douche
Watching little kids splashing in the fountain at ABQ Uptown!
Don't you wish your computer just maintained itself? It almost can if you take measures to be sure it's protected! ^jl
Follow me if you ever have danced in your life time. <U+E405>
U guys got to realize that there is always an idiot whose gonna tell a genius not to do what makes him a genius
Grabner with a good shot but Bryzgalov has a fast glove tonight.
I need a drink, or two... or twelve
OH (): they had too many giraffeses...and now you have a dead giraffeses
Every night I DJ there is R&B night. Normally i'm there friday & saturday every week. At Sunset this saturday tough!!
well Derrick is passed out. So I'm just sitting here.
Tonight: does San Diego need/want a county arts council. East County forum at 6 at El Cajon Public Library
Ever notice that the word "bed" looks like an actuall bed? Or how "lol" looks like some guy drowning? Omgee
Hope everyone is having a great rainy Sunday!
When was the first time you see ?
Big Time Rush - Elevate: via This is a great song!
That awkward moment when you're texting someone and you have to use the dictionary app to look up the meaning of a word he/she said <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Miami beach is full of crazy ass homeless people.
Today I am thankful for escaping the stifling power that controlled me from reaching full potential & realizing the greatness in me
LOVE the blue sky in the weather pic!!! but, get ready late tonight= windy and rainy through about 9am!
I agree,as a Catholic I wanted Santorum...
how your numbers looking for chicago j's on the 21
When I think #Kuwait, I think #fashion. Specifically
Heading to a screening and Q&A for . One of the only good excuses for missing out on Walking Dead!!!
I swear there's something wrong with Vegas girls all trying to be models, no gtfo.
A lot of girls keep their feelings to themselves because they're tired of pouring theirs hearts out to the wrong guy.
Haha I'll take her for the summer ;)
i know this is early but gongrats to my cousin very special next year :D
certainly hope so! Need more of that flavor back in the Cities! Enjoy the rest of your tour :)
I am exhausted
Then it's on to awesome features such as the ones you mentioned :)
Don't say that! You're amazing so many people love and support you!! I'm sorry you have to go through this.. :l
There are two doubly #landlocked nations in the world (must travel through 2 countries to reach the ocean): Liechtenstein and Uzbekistan.
Anytime Remember The Titans is on I feel obligated to watch it
Shrik got ear infection in both ears and Tyzik got rash. Both waking me up at 4am. Grrrrrr!
Ok now I`m about to get angry!
you pickin up that tab? cause one stripper is still pretty expensive.. i think. When you gettin home T
Wat to do for the holiday ....any suggestions
It is the mark of a truly intelligent person to be moved by statistics
Still on cloud 9!!!
Round 2 just me and you
The priest just told Milady that everyone in the family is loco.
Single is the WAY to be..... fuck that am MY own BoSS.!!!
I finish the edits, I drink the cold beer and eat the fried chicken, edits make you humble like but in a good way
Totally sold-out show for #thepromisering (turnerhall)
give today the best try you have...
don't be ashamed of who you are ever. You are one of the coolest people I've met!
They're not playing like they want it. Sigh.
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!!!
god damnit we are in shambles right now!
I hav a mini headache
lol hell yea can't wait
Everyone u meet comes with baggage. Find someone who loves u enought to help u unpack
RT Nissan Leaf’s Strangely Moving Polar Bear Ad su.pr/7aXz0l
Everyone follow she's cool && I love her to death<3
Another basic bitch famous for nothing, wave to Kim Kardashian for us
“: "fantastic Mac n spuds as always! Great time at food truck rally. Quick ride then off to a wedding.” Thanks!!!
im going to have thee best garden ever this summer!!
Kobe is the best man in my fantasy basketball team. Who's yours?
Happy Week of the Young Child!
Bitch you pretty!
Grind mode I'm do focused
Q6. What are your travel 'superstitions'?
Had to check with husband because he still reads it every day.
good job (: RT I GOT 1st TEAM ALL DISTRICT FOR SOFTBALL <U+2665>”
Damn haven't been on twitter for a long time...
Thanks, a little late tonight, but always interested in supporting
surely it was the reporters haha....I had to give up on that one
I am so sleepy.
It's yours. I'll DM you.
I can't argue that and I love RG3 in fantasyland this year but Cousins could see time to w/RG3's running style.
I looooooooveeeee boyfriend omg i love everypart
I eat wayy too much mac and cheese
My mama picking at her boyfriend..Bol ! She laugh so funny!
Deaconess opens its doors again for beleaguered nursing home residents
thanks for the #FF!!! Right back at ya :)
(c) every1 else, being rude towards the show and just saying nasty things that were uncalled for. I get ur excited to see Justin but (c)
“: Happy birthday!”thank you very much Ramona you ROCK!!!
He said it! "Hatred is a very underestimated emotion. " - Jim Morrison
Im so tired but yet i cant seem to get to sleep thanks twitter.
Minneapolis friends! Hit Entry tonight to hear ... Don't pass this up.
missed it...any BAM highlights?
Super excited to see next week at aiga! Amazing #infographics !
Vegas in 9 more days cant wait!
RT Q2 PSTD is focusing on what happened, recurrence fear is being unable 2 think of a future without cancer. & that sucks.
Yep for sure!
Peanut butter m&ms: man's greatest creation.
Now, with all the Harry-for-England hubbub hushed, Spurs might manage to win a few again. That would be lovely.
Welcome to the congregation Tony Rodriguez! We're glad to have you here!
hey, 5:30-7:30. we're at the center for social action at 2 to see the Nucleos play for us. so amazing.
Saw Dark Shadows last night... Not terrible... But a bottom 3 Tim Burton film.
al me
do you refer people to specific caterers in the area? We'd love to connect!
this school year is getting so old..summer needs to be here already.
All Muslims are forbidden to watch television in Afghanistan
Let's give them something to talk about <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5>
I'm just saying stupid shit tonight!! Lol
nah! I bet you could do it ! :) im studying be special education teachers aide i hate that i have take public speaking lol
You look like a Ryan
happy mothers day,i love you momma
I went to sleep merp ! Lol
Did you hear that they're releasing an expanded version, with customization, etc.?
Athletes everywhere, what is the one thing holding you back from being the complete athlete you want to be?
Smhh My Baby Class Just Turned Into A Cooking Class:'( Ima Fail!
I know it will be a great day when I get to show students a lock of Frederick Douglass's hair! And other cool stuff too!
Thanks for the follow! It's always good to know some peeps in the industry!
Finally, A Night Out $99: body shimmer, basic instinct, sensations playful lubricant, hanky panky wireless bullet ...www.prbymeka.com
Vikings pick Kalil
I'm sorry, what was your score again? I seem to recall the 8th hole giving you some trouble
Who's got it? (Betancourt)
better than 's wandering eye, i suppose
I've learned that if you care, it shows.
knows what really went down. is lost
I'm changing my profile pic!
IT LITERALLY JUST HIT ME! AND IDK WHERE MY PARENTS ARE.
#cpi2011 summary - wonderful, invigorating, motivating week with the best instructor around. See you in the community.
Bombers Madison! I haven't been on, field trip since 2004.
you're a sexy beast and i love you. that's why. :)
I don't know anything about media that is social...
Cool! RT : Still looking for a few ppl to be racing sausages (wear costume) THIS Sat. morning
you met ?
I LOVE your song P. Diddy - "I'm coming home". Miss you Barcelona!
At the end of the work week I don't have a single original thought in my head. Thankfully, there are RTs.
Ah that ending of wtm -- sniff, sniff.
Rollerblading would be perfect right about now.
Thank you ladies :)
Thanks for stopping by! Did you wreak havoc?! RT I'm at Southport Lanes & Billiards
Thanks for the RT!
I hope u are right...not a rams fan, but a city of st Louis fan and want to see them succeed like my (our) cardinals
We should walk around warming up on our reeds like that, too. I doubt it'd make the brass players stop, but at least we'd be even
That's a great friend!
i'm having trouble deciding what i hate most about this show, and why i keep on watching.
This! -> “: The best place to hide a dead body is page 2 of Google search results.”
The only time i eat meat is if its mexican food. Im like i just couldnt live without mexican food!! <3
I am the american dream. i'm kinda like a immigrant. I have no education and can hardly speak english.
oh shit. It means you have no future! You'd best not go outside anymore...might get hit by a bus.
Stupid people think I'm judgmental.
mine was good until about 30 min ago. Maybe the world is just telling me to catch up on some sleep.
Please follow our documentary - currently shooting!
I be on voxer voxing u and no reply I gave up
Two words that sum up nicely what's wrong with the music business today: Kesha, Bieber. God help us! We get what we collectively deserve.
Off to play cocktails in morrisonville but sadly...its home from there...still more shows but we won't be on the road #upset :'(
people dont know what they dont know
-- Topic block.
Rah rah, like a dungeon dragon!
mwahaha im gonna get to 8000 i know it
Overheard 2 capitol police discussing employment and the influence of China on the way in this morning.
I would suggest adding #Soccer to your portfolio as it is a steady income producer,people on my list our making $ with it
I want to go - want to meet
haha hey you! And fosho! It's damn intense!
They're the bane of composers' assistants everywhere, I can tell you from experience. /
you're just a jungle monkey ;)
Ever been the awkward guy that asked someone to get off the elevator because of an overload?
surprisingly, my own :-) check me out lol big boy status now haha
Way too cold I promise you'll need some Theraflu !
#oomf just tweeted the exact same lyrics I was gonna tweet.
So pissed. My pre-historic laptop blue screened on me. SGHDKSDKJFDHSJDFD.
Lack of media attention on Nevada proves media really only cares about a fight. The process/outcome bores them more than the slugging.
yea so wht r u listening to?
"for all we know Jesus was trying to win the loaves and fishes account" ....
I have found life an enjoyable, fascinating, active, and sometime frightening experience, and I've enjoyed it fully.
When I go to shows I don't #Rage. It sounds really stressful.
I'm right there too. fml.
bring it!
I'll do no such thing. And yes, commence with the crying.
Heading out to the National Portrait Gallery today, faces faces faces!
six months. <3
"Full speed ahead and damn the cost, it will all come out in the wash"
For those of you in #mdst3703, you can change your page structure links to permalinks by going to: dashboard/settings/permalinks
I'll be a million, billion, trillion miles away.
it's insane we don't already
just jammed out two new tracks...
I realized I sent you my response from this account, what I wanted you to see is - been making it my whole life...
Is there some news piece or blog post in particular that lays out the gov'ts procedural problems? Very interested in this. Thx
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
you're holding your dictionary upside down!
looks like a werewolf. just saying.
On break 5 more hours to go
Is that a Millenium Falcon I see?
Holy fuck the #Tigers smoked the
RT : Who should make up the next board at #madisonsmc? Get to know the candidates at Wandos 6-8 pm #meet&greet....
Filthy Mcnastys This TUESDAY! Ryan tharp & Rachel t. stacy will be hosting UNPLUGGED w/Matt Day Ronnie Spears & Whitney Raquel!
losing all my belly button ring balls.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
speaking of "blasts", Manny Parra just entered the game......
monday night football go ravens
I want some McDonalds
I smile and say hey like he never did it. Man this aint easy
I think its super cute how has quotes about girls ;) what a gentleman <3
POTUS at Barnard: "Don't just get involved. Fight for your seat at the table. Better yet, fight for your seat at the head of the table."
really cute pic :)
want to goto the vending machine but dont feel like speaking to anyone...need a secretary to get me seltzer waters -_-
Don't judge my path if you haven't walked my journey.
Responded to VACATE @ 180-07 90 Ave, Queens, NY 11423 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Great news!!! RT Jim Owczarski is unanimous new City Clerk
Yep is gonna rock
yeh! That's what we like to see EJ and Dylan Kelly at the helm in Venice studio!
Haha, Justin wants to be a young father . Doubt if he has a child by Gomez.
text me whore
My wife says she'll take our #homeschool kids to their morning activity, so the 2hrs marking I planned for tonite can wait.
#FF #thx4following - have a green #weekend!
Kudos to the professional, calm, and level headed staff at the during the #dcquake. Thanks for the great service!
Love ordering a "large" coffee at Starbucks.
Who is this Snookie person. I hear people saying how she is famous for being stupid. I'm not mad at her. In this economy whatever it takes.
Y'know, I was one of those who missed on reading that she was black, but I liked the character *better* when I saw the casting..
Soups of the day: tortellini brodo, Chicken Pastina, ravioli Florentine, Corn Chowder, Beef Barley, Minestrone!!!
At The Publican with old friends. I like hanging with 80 year olds..
Day 2 no dairy & Day 1 no wine (until the wedding on Saturday, that is). Mostly I miss milk in my coffee. cc
Running around for the twins birthday
How about some tweets? : )
There's a mouse in my house. <U+E053> Commence listening to my mom freak and locking myself in my room!
Life's a b*tch but I appreciate her man
Thank you! Have a great week.
were watching a bunch of MST 3000!
Beware of the man who does not drink. ~Anonymous
oh never know that lmaoooo
I take out my ipod to take a picture w/ pito, but when I turn around that nigga is knocked out on the chairs..
tks Our Milwaukee!
Bored in physical science, downloading apps on my phone. :)
First day of cadet teaching!! #soexcited <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+009D><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
thank you for wishing me a happy birthday yesterday.
He in love with her but she love everybody
hahahaha! Exactly! "You wouldn't want to use it anyway, it always puts 6 r's"
follow me n 7
Maybe Obama can come to his rescue.RT : Ga. death row inmate's appeal rejected:
I most definitely do not want to go to school today.
#PRIME2012 As we approach Mothers/GrandMothers Day 2012 I would like to say Thank You to my single mom and all the single moms in the world
Law librarians: take note of Ari Kaplan's wisdom: marketing does not have to be the one perfect thing; keep it simple!
Search 'Say Somethin by Austin Mahone' on YouTube and multiple ones should come up. (:
beczuse it has too many problems and i dont drive it, and i wont need it after september
Time to punch the clock
good man I'm out in California right now having a blast snowboarding
Awesome. Thx for sharing.
MY LOVE!!!! I'm back on twitter! MISS YOU!
My boyfriend makes me so happy..
FINAL 82 #CLIPPERS 72 #Grizzlies #CLIPPERS ADVANCE to Round 2.. Game 1 in San Antonio on Tuesday!! WHO HOOOOOO
The Dangers of Fluoride &amp; Water Fluoridation | Alberta Province ...
"I realized that my human body, my human life, was arbitrary. I could have been a dog"—from Louise Erdrich's new story, in the NYer Monday.
omw home from work. Stuck in traffic...these people can't drive.
Penny Hardaway's ghost.
good afternoon to our #TwinCities sisters! cc. !
awesome! I've been following them on FB. South Lamar is on fire now!
#ReasonsThatImSingle the pimp game doesn't allow for serious relationships
Give to him that asketh thee, and from him that would borrow of thee turn thou not away.
I can't stand boring texters .
Who the heck is excited for ?!?! AP's #1 unsigned band for 2010 is going to be at #Kylestock!!!
Are you going to make it to Austin?
[Campus Bulletin] If any professors gave assignments due tonight on Gameday, please report them so we can give them bonuses.
"expanding SLAs" and "shrinking budgets", no?
To work or not to work? That is the question (the answer is I'm going to go to work, I think)
ah, those were the days :-) hope you are well!
lying in my bed bored b/c i can't fall asleep..... :/
Psn is down today:(
Ready to work RIT/ST. Lawrence on TWCS
Everyone on twitter please pray for me right now. No joke. #feelawful I cant move without feeling sick.
no u dont
what if people work at a doggie day care & bakery? PARADOX.
are you ready for idol on Wednesday? I'm SO excited to hear you sing and see your beautiful face. :)
true , im bored yo
haha true true , awesome :)
Just walked into McDonald's and a bunch of fat girls gave me a look like I just entered their territory.
shutup stop complaining
interesting, I would have imagined the problem being global. It's important to learn about your audiences bt enough is enough
RT : says to #2012GES: "We have 2 million high-skill, high-wage jobs to fill &we can't. We have a skills crisis."
I have a question.
I'm really happy for you Julian!!! You have worked so hard you deserve it!! :)
I keep forgettin i gotta get up in da morning
i guess im sick :/
Need to lose weight? Don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
Break glass for emergency breakfast sammich.
It's a reggae day for me. Bob Marley-man, and so many others. #reggae #Bob Marley
RT if you saw 13 the musical just becuz plays in it.
Passing my future college.! I just can't wait.! #SCADbaby.!!
Remember when the Heat were the "Road Warriors?"
Happy Hour at Wando's Bar in Madison! 50% Off drinks (and food) only through www.dealoria.com.
I got a new phone and I had a new number for a little while so I don't have any texts that aren't from today
If you don't want to talk, say so instead of ignoring me.
“: The eastern league would not allow Hawk to play despite Sherman White being allowed
i hope the scalpers step on legos.
Two presentations and I'm spent. Being an introvert is exhausting some days...
. Are you guys planning on running Norwegian Wood? Would love to see it!
How to Get Your Kids Excited About Summer Hiking: Mother’s Perspective
even better dance recital at G-town middle school!
thx for liking my tweet! Hope you enjoyed the show!
You know when you go to sneeze and your body stops itself because your abs hurt from your workout the day before? Yeah, that just happened.
Q. What's the biggest fish in the world? A. A hore, if you catch one you can eat her for months.
Good morning, gf! What about some LASIK?
waiting for this vehicle, I need it so bad to help other people.
you'll love it. There's more to Vegas than just the strip.
Usually bad.
To my health care followers: Getting creative thinking of ways to improve internal physician communication. Love brainstorming. Thoughts?
Capitol South in particular - just tracking the shell domain / organization name to the source would be an interesting story
No matter your plans today - date or solo - make sure you go through with them nude and sobbing
I hate it when the oriole store runs out of chocolate chip cookies
Yeah I'll ask for you!!
Robert Glasper Experiment just discovered new planets in DC
Cody Ransom lookin to take over 3rd full time
coming back to tweet more!
doing a history of may day and why we protest then the march
Just because she has a "nice " body doesn't mean she's pretty lmfao!
For others, they transgressed the law. Gotta accept full responsibility to move forward.
Oh forgodness sake, fix the pix thing...grrr
i love spotify
Teeth Whitening Special! Zoom 2 People for $400!!! Call for an appointment today!
Celebrated my sis's birthday and came home to help mom make dinner.
Ass-kissers
~<3 Prayers are words your heart cannot speak. <3~
Take risks, live life, and bask in the warm light of a loving universe.
I know man that sucks ass so much :/
your right wix doesn't count.. Unless you paid for it.
Thank you for inviting me tonight to sing at your house concert. Great time!!
Denzel Washington is the zip tie master.
I'm playing it now and so far its a good time. How bad could the ending be to retroactively destroy all this fun?
rails console --sandbox will roll back any database changes you make within the console
We have gluten free crust as an option - but not gluten free cheese. What time were you planning on ordering?
anyway what time in there? :)
#BlackParentsQuotes: "Josh's mom lets us..." "sounds like you don't want to go to that white boy's house no more" (yes, real and exact)
I hate jealousy. Its an evil thing. :/
"Kill the Irishman" was a sweet film, especially for us Ohio thugs. Watch it. Now.
Days off are nice.
we are all above average at that....
People love to play word games STOP YOUR SHIT !!!!! AT ONCE
Have you created your own pizza or do you always get one of our signature pizzas? What is your favorite ingredient to add to your pizza?
Ah, I finally made it to Starbucks!!!!
Which one is ?
When your mom ask you what swag means...smh
that would be fun But I think it would be more fun whenever were with our class.let's look up how much it cost 2 rent a cabin
Thanks! I bet it will be great fun. I hope my ornaments don't all look like eggplants. :-)
Lucy Laney Wildcats, great game #warriors.#Augusta#Georgia all day.
And if you need multiple copies of the study guide, please contact us and we can mail copies: holocaustremembrance at un dot org
Calling all Colts Fans- We are giving away 4 tickets to the Colts/Packers pre-season game tonight! Come watch Colts/Rams with us tonight!
Yes! great presentation and great audience! I appreciated your answer about embracing a multiplicity of gender presentations...
yes we did!
Hiding in my office for the rest of the afternoon. I'd rather be outside drinking a cocktail.
Mele Kalikimaka from Palms at Wailea 1510. We hope you have a wonderful year.
Understand the difference between average and median. Know what you want to ask for or get the numbers yourself.
Love me , <U+2665> like you love her .
If you are a prophet or prophetess message me. I have some questions about this calling.
As a dj i like to check out other spots(venues) frm time to time to see wht keeps them going.......
I think Barley House
Who enjoys YouTube
Determined!! I am working out today!! I need to tone up!
omg i been so busy i havent had the time to say hello to all of my wonderful twitter friends..how are you guys.
Ah the hidden beauty of analytics.
Does she have a cape?
": "I Love You" takes 3 seconds to say, hours to explain but a lifetime to prove."
Totally agree. I did not like Young Adult at ALL! MT I watched the movie Young Adult last night...it was depressing
Lucky!! I just don't like my English teacher tho..
said sex smells like sweaty balls and blood .... 0.O ew
"She's a down right pro-ho fosho"
Can you say you are responsible for the important decisions in your life?
where'd you get that?
Just discovered that there is no #TEDX for Chautauqua. Who would like to work with me to develop such a program?
I put smiles
beat it with that
6 more weeks of this? bring it on ,who believes a woodchuck anyway
46 Minutes ago,was the best time ever..you actually wrote me bakk<33 please follow me. -Marisel<3
the things you find in your garage >>
Damn, Richter! How dare you ignore the wishes of someone as important as Smitty! You're playing with fire!!
Shower and then dinner. Then watching #RHOC. I miss my Baby Love
thinking about personality profile tests. B had to take one for working at the UN. Maybe there should be one for academic administrators.
servers down. Does not make any request
This birthday money has to go! Time to have a little fun :)
Egg rolls are pretty sexy....
that shouldn't be too bad, unless he doesn't have any #rollgame (roll as in drum roll)
Long white sheets and a funny lookin hat singing: Songs, song of the south....whoopin' nigger ass and burn his house.
If you haven't played with the interactive guitar on the Google homepage, do it now! Hours of entertainment!
Add a bathroom to your master bedroom. Plus adding a Master Bath in your home would also help boost the #realestate value of your home.
. is evaluating the presenter...he hasn't evaluated me in years
i dont even have a copy of that
OpenStudy is leveraging this right now RT : Most under-utilized asset in learning is other learners - how do we shift the ec…
That was amazing.
That would be fun!
Darren says "Weather will be perfect for Cinco de Mayo, Race for the Cure & viewing of the Supermoon. 11pm
you can only imagine how it tastes. Sorry for the delayed response
Yet 30-40% of college basketball analysis today seems to be focused on analyzing NBA potential. Silly.
Hah! They probably just used shots of downtown from 1993.
mini GalaXy TaB
Feel like getting into "Double Trouble" with an "Old Heathen", you "Arrogant Bastard"? Pens game and open mic nite at The BeerHive!
mad at myself for not knowing that Owen released a new album last fall, it's really good
Well done, Stu.
Today is the first day of the Moreland Farmers Market! We'll be there will be selling Brew Dr. Kombucha by the bottle from 3:30 to 7:30.
Say Miss Marian Stewart, you just keep those $5.50 stockings because they are the most expensive stockings in the City of New York. [1944]
Omg - #dwts was so fun! Thanks ! So far, it's been my favorite sporting event of the year.
Andy Pettitte how can we miss you when you won't leave?
Hoping Tito retires tonight - with a loss.
Nicki Minaj may be fake, but my boner is real.
Is it me or does Roy Hibbert look like an old school pimp?
Don't let people drive you crazy when you know it's in walking distance.
Happy Monday Morning!!!!!!!!!!!! How are you?
I may need to cab it home from yoga. Wow.
#4 LSU fans chanting, "O-ver-ra-ted!" at #3 Oregon. Yes, overrated...by one.
I helped someone send out 100 holiday cards in about an hour. We typed it and the company printed it and mailed it for us. Smart!
"happy go lucky" : suburbia?
yep, them old niggas DONE
follow me here
Casting notice for the role of Jess just posted on mandy.com says "Caucasian, All-American, Blonde Actress". First submission: An Asian guy!
Of the receipts Davis turned in....you will be shocked to learn how much is for alcohol. Wow. Story today at 4:30 and 6.
Prayer warriors, I need prayer. Unfortunately I can't release the info on why, but please pray for victory in my situation. Thnx!
It really is! My oldest used to do about the same.
so true.
On my way to the doctor to check on the lil one
That awkward moment when your grandma says 'Fo Sho'
b/c they no longer care about sic-fi fans, only SyFy fans, e.g. people that think giant killer crocodile movies are awesome.
is the video up yet??
Free shrimp fondue at Ruby Tuesdays!!! Who hoo!
hey :) follow back pretty please :))))
one thing is certain: you can always count on to give a negative critique. for anything.
Put differently, Torres just paid a half-milliion dollar a**hole tax. (25 games @ 21K per game)
i love you andy :) get better soon!! batman is proud of you bro ;) lol you rock <3
what's your Facebook
We have over 300 people registered for our success summit this weekend! Yahoo!!
thanks, Jack! Cheers.
Thank you for following
lol it looked like Charles Manson brought his family up there.
Our weekend is pretty packed already (remember, both Saturday and Sunday plans). Alas.
#jschoolrightnow is everything I imagined. Amazing
in the #platinumsuite lounge playin the ps3. ive never been to a more enjoyable and relaxing environment than and
would think the jury is still out on Freeman.
FREE so I can go to sleep
Exactly! I need to make one of those sleep machines but instead of tides rolling in, it's him reading dialogue.
Thanks for joining us. just ordered one. Looking forward to the flood gates of data!
When vultures fly, are they allowed carrion luggage?
what is a good email address to contact you at?
hey - you're funny!
I just want u to love me.
im so sleepy smh
yes go pats fuck dallas
America... Fuck yeah!!
How took my phone and locked his self in the bathroom and tried to look through my phone lol
DESIGN you want to have a desk that feels comfortable for both users and staff
I expect to see the I VOLUNTEER!!!oneoneone gif approximately 3059782305 times.
Females do the MOST ova a niqqa , thats crazy even when the niqqa clearly dont qive no fuck bout they ass ! lbdas . .
What did you think of Train's performance on DWTS tonight?
At home with 3 of my grandchildren
Your website just scared my students! NSFW! LOL!! I shouldn't have clicked on it. But hilarious! Love it!
Hi there - hey thanks for the follow!
Nope. Big Isthmus group attending, but I'm going into the woods that week. You?
Looking forward to this. RT Stay tuned for a smattering of excellence over the next few days and into next week. Seriously.
braves one doesn't work forgot about Hank Aaron,.duh! Great question though
Well I don't know about accurate....
Follow me! >:P
DJ Griggs (Brazosport HS) has committed to Long Island. He becomes Houston's 26th senior to select an out of state D1 college.
Today = Dress Fest and Manhattan College
lawn mowers are stupid and I dont respect them
so best friend, how are you ? I'm coming to visit you soon, hopefully. I lovee you
trying to go through breaking bad. In season 2. Anyone that says this is better than The Wire is crazy and not to be trusted
I don't really do much on easter weekend expect open up a bible. Nothing like knowing than not knowing.
“: RT! “: So when do the shirts start coming off??? #TheBachelorette” #undercoverFREAK” that tag tho lmfao!!!
Happy Mother's Day
Dumb raps and my lungs is black
Class is talking about love and love
Going to temple on the North Shore tonight to witness new Jew 's first Shabbat.
I lit a match, and as I did so, two white forms that had been approaching Weena dashed hastily away
Screw you Mr. Off-brand Kraft Mac&Cheese!!!
Hey Mr. Stout! How's life? How did the Hinckley Institute SF thing end up?
Chad, go to the Chicago Bears. They NEED you! You'd excel.
escort service hiring
As you embark on this semester's final day of exams, know that we believe in you, you've got this #Loyno!
Random Former Wrestler of the Day: The Mountie
I love being out late, reminds me of summer <3
Hope everyone had an AMAZING Easter weekend! Team Ten Media didn't take any time off, too much work to accomplish.
Chillin with some ice cream :)
Woot Woot! Thats awesome, you'll be sexy by summer! Tweet us when you need motivation.
Let them know also that the homie project is dropping 6 days before mine. #TMZ I'm hustling to find the right joint for us too.
NO! MY NOSE IS GETTING STUFFY AGAIN! NO!! Fml
Just live-tweeted a call w/ U.S. Department of Agriculture's James Barham on #foodhubs. Search #KYF2 on Twitter for highlights.
": Sometimes what you want isn't always what you get, but in the end, what you get is so much better than what you wanted." <3
so happy won best group at kca's, congrats boyss and :) <3
fear no one
Do you still have your shotgun? Because there are some Jonas Brothers at my door step :P
I'm done looking for love ima just let it find me but could it be in my face and not know it
IF YOU SEXY ADD ME !
RED ROBIN!!!!
thank you for the intro! Jose is great! And punta Mita is amazing! See u in class soon! Xoxo
and I watched 1st 2 seasons of newlyweds intensively. that is why I know u r lovin the cinci win. congrats.
LOL! for me it might be pout pout if this game keeps going south!
we don't remember the days we remember the moments!
RT 6 years after reform, 99.8% of #MA #kids are insured says Lets make the #ACA just as big a win!
have fun first loool then find a job <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
loved the conv. w/ur mom & brother today!
Is everybody here getting hacked and spammed? Or, perhaps you are all losing your minds?
If I were Catholic, I'd have to go to confession after slurping down Honey Butter Cake.
It was great seeing you, too. I really enjoyed the panel!
Not 1 piece of legislation, no rhetoric, no party bickering, no stimulus money and not one taxpayer dollar and I am creating JOBS, JOBS,JOBS
My mouth automatically says "shit" when something bad happens.
Karma is a #Bitch, and Terrica can b. So, don't try me. Don't let the #SweetFace fool ya....
homeworkk #done :D
[closes curtains]
thank u cousin
Just gotta get thru this test tomorrow, 5 more classes, then finals. akhdkjgojkld! I HATE HISTORY!!!!!!
that can be said on any given day.
Clodagh! Do you like The Eagles like ? Take It Easy is the best! Its a hit in Dallas :)
Im glad that you and Corrine are okay!l
Lmaoo kiss my ass
what's wrong Jayde? :(
i am a new fan too and think we match up better with Detroit
Wine an red bull hmmmmweBKorkwe
Thunder today. Get to see the man who's loins cum creativity. Then walk the river with Devin and Star Command. Ready :3
One day my shins will love me again
Thanksgiving is coming.
Excited to be participating in #THATCampVA in April! Looking forward to discussing text and image visualizations...
That's an amazing dream, haha...
Dreamed an amazing horror movie featuring a giant office building in the mid east filled with terrorist zombies. Starring
Dealing with people gets old after awhile
I'll ship some with dry ice, but I think you need his soup not his falafel!! :)
Shit is there anyone awake yet?
I want some different stuff...some Ballys....Tom Fords....Bulgari....something different ya know
Do i what?
This. RT : I don't know what Socialcam is or why it's all over my Facebook feed, but I hate it.
I'm so tierd it's not even funny:/ CieraMariexoxo
I need some stanky ass bait to entice you people to come in Monday nights. Damn, I turning into a Swamp People.
lets try to connect IRL at the expo!
Just remembered that I have a lax game today :(
Smile. Cry. Have hope. Lose faith. Love. Hate. Xo
Cheers! RT : Heading to tuesday wine tasting at ! Come join!
Come get your Salsa on at CLUB COA tonight! Free lessons beginning at 10pm! See you there!!!
What's your most memorable bargain find from garage sale or online marketplace?
after an 8 hour shift and finals this week I strongly disagree
I feel. Like. I'm dying. 0.0
#fridayreads - 'Sexing the Cherry' by Jeanette Winterson. "No safety without risk, and what you risk reveals what you value."
Clashes were reported in #Syria today where 1000s took part in anti-govt protests. WNA looks at the impact of the unrest.
Congrats on getting it in! Enjoy that well deserved drink! Tomorrow it's our turn to start working on all the apps.
where did u get that gold off shoulder dress pictured recently?.
well no shitbo don't study do I'm not smart
Cant wait until saturday!
wow why else you think you ain't seen me ? Lol I've been gone a year . Smh
the fuckin #moon right now! [ASTR]
That's up to you really. On all counts :)
You know it's a great day when you get an email that #financialaid has added more money to your account!
Big weekend of baking ahead! Chocolate, caramel filled turtle,redvelvet, vanilla bean and keylime. *hungry yet*?
it's the measurable progress that you learn and grow from! I'm learning a lot! What I'm learning. I gotta do my own stuff!
Ha! You only cheat yourself brother!
What the fuck is tape made of?
#isastc character building via gaming.
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
Hey buddy, how late does the band play? "Oh, about a half a beat behind the drummer."
I Love
Even if we were part of the problem? :x
no tweets lol
"Never lose yourself while trying to hold on to someone who doesn't care about losing you."
Anyone try the new LinkedIn apps?
Thanks for helping us get the word out! We'll have links to presentation abstracts soon.
I was just asked to join the Andover Alumni Council and I'm bursting with excitement. I'm looking forward to 4 years of great exchanges.
meet me halfway I think this could work!! Lol
hey, i still didnt get anything
Oh yeah. Amy rocks!
Looking forward to getting back to my research and heading to the library at the in June. Who will be in Rome?
Well I know that and if you were following me you would see that I know that.
Next time I see you . I will punch you in the mouth & I will dislocate your jaw.
Wheels finna b up
just saw that on some site and thought you'd like that!
RADIO ALERT! Listen to WYKS during the 9am hour today to hear Ken and Drew! Great show! Wish we could get to the Swamp!
and this was all inspired by a little marvin gaye and chardonnay.||
Um why is "hold on" playing at the movies
ain't that the truth ...
rules change with each shift of cops at
ahh so obsessed with YOU!
THAT'S NOT FUNNY :(
”When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you.” – African Proverb
Jose and Kelly will speak 's #BestSeminar Workshop J. They'll cover compliance tips and audits re: employment authorizations.
Will you #FollowMeAustin?
#nw Bruce Live in NYC. Sorry to 's tv speakers.
Forum credit union is a bunch of greedy douche bags! I'm finding a new bank today!
I felt bad too.
Sorry to hear about Thomas Kinkade. I know someone with several Thomas K paintings. Wonder if he should try to sell them or hold on?
same thing wrong with me, were not flaunting our boobies to the world
Another Walker crony - left behind at the county in a cushy, high pay job - gets subpoenaed. This time for the caucus scandal trial.
"You can't have a meaningful relationship with God without a meaningful relationship with the church."
When's the last time you put out a press release? When's the last time someone #outside your company read your press release?
Sorry to hear that. Any suggestions for how we could make it less complicated?
I won my alumni sweatshirt at #homecoming. You'll have to come sometime.
Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day in and day out.
Loving #nizza with and - dinner before #seminar!
What the hell happened to my twitter..
and all of them will have stupid doodles on the back too.
Cleveland's unis might be some of the best in baseball right now. But, they need to lose today.
Caught him on the 9 in all blue yelling im a nuetral
“: There is no such thing as F/13”... F/13 and a half?
through a brittle restless darkness/red numbers scream/I’m awake and shaking/ what intrudes upon my sleep/upon this morning/upon my being
ok you kangaroo lol
Thanks For Hacking Me!
I can understand that!
Especially in a state where the school board decides whats in books.
Wednesday! that means and fishbowls
I Can Honestly Say I HATE School . -,-
Congratulations buddy.
is soccer AM on the interweb anywhere?
What if some people left your door open and you screamed "HAVEN'T YOU PEOPLE EVER HEARD OF CLOSING THE DAMN DOOR?"
It's messy Monday! Where is the messiest spot in your business?
Nats helped to keep me sane while driving on infuriating 15 south!
RT : You better cut the pizza in four pieces because I'm not hungry enough to eat six. ~ Yogi Berra
Next show Oct 15th at Echo/Jet Lounge and its free!
Need somebody to Cuddle with !
Wow! First commercial I have seen for National Popular Vote movement during debate!
Whoa, I forgot all about Annihilation Time. This really brings me back.
Zen Bun weekly wisdom: "The time you spend wasting is not time wasted." zenbuns.com
Does Blackmon know Larry Fitzgerald is in the house? Certainly seems like it
that was just perfection
so you just make a whole tweet about me with out me knowing???? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
How on earth are you doing?!? I hope all is well on the West Coast!
Great day learning with using Turtle Art http:www.turtleart.org/
Why am I craving curry???
Wondering where Zusi is at - would think he'd be playing when he's near his family and whatnot...
Playing tonight with Nir Felder Quartet (w. Massimo Biolcati and Nate Smith) at the 55 Bar. It's gonna be a fun one. Come down!
its like oh yeah hey surprise to u to mom an dad I fell into these position an while I fell our cloths ripped of idk how -fixed
I sed"im doin a project in history" hewas serious then I got to the "I was just wonderin did ceasar live hur" prt he laughed
happy birthday to :))
My IQ drops exponentially for every second I listen to JaVale McGee speak.
Sounds ominous, but I'm sure whatever choice you make will work out. I can't help, but if you'd like to chat give me a call
Lmao you a BIG bitch.....soo cut all that out!.
At The Tasting Room in Reston Town Center What great wine!
They keep showing Ryan Leaf's mugshot on #Seattle news. Where did dude go so wrong... he's a mess and I don't think coming back this time.
Ugh. An hour and 30 minutes left of work. :/
RT : The 2014 Game will be held in New Orleans. Watch the press conference at 4:30pm/et on
The Zingaro is on its way to Talin for lunch.
YES! RT : Watching on Glee and soon to be watching on big screen in Step Up 4
sounds like someone got picked last for the kickball team....
JUSTIN U KNOW WHAT U SHOULD DO? Upload a YouTube video of u singin a cover like old times. DO IT! Please!
S/O to Montana and Ephiphany for getting it in today in the Gym! Who else got their workout in?
If you concentrate on what you don't have, you'll never, ever have enough
thank you god for everything u done for me
Because of Martha Coakley's Bravery...
- thanks for the download. Let us know what you think and if you come across any issues. Have a great weekend.
since ur feeling emotional can u check ur fb page? Special fan request. When 2nd baby due??
You wrong for the Kobe comment. LOL
Now I'm no psychic but I see delicious tacos Im your future. Well If you come to metro center that is. We're on the corner of g and 12th
If you're not down here enjoying mint juleps right now you're crazy! (or just have other plans)
you haven't texted me all day this gives me a reason to cry.
im a dream chaser.
This week we found a 4-leaf clover pressed into a yearbook from 1928. Hoping it brings us 1928 days of good luck!
Happy new year! (not too late to say that, right?)
i want to get wankered with !!!
U-U-UW (I was a husky!!) Have you checked out the new bartab 2.0 app?
im sho finna go down to the court now n hoop
email. & the one with the horns or the one that took hours to put together? lol
I haven't given head in so long that I don't think I could ever do it again unless I was married.
I just found out there's someone famous named Eleanor Tomlinson. At first I thought you and Eleanor Calder got married. Lol
MT : Walgreens testing is CANCELED today. Stop by the storefront at Park & University instead, from noon-8:00pm. See you there!
That's right
Folks forget about the part NAR plays in the MLS. But leaders are definitely needed!
Dear Professors, I can't complete my assignments because my cat is napping on my keyboard. Thanks,Carrie
It used to be a lot better. Now, it sucks.
we ballin tomorrow ?
My beard/mustache product is dissolving into my martini. That's a fail.
a couple hours ago
too late (according to Michelle) RT "Don't work with stupid."
I want a mochi right about now :)
RT : It's Fifth Third Day (5/3, get it?!); our friends @ 5/3 Bank are kickin off a food drive @ the ballpark today! Bring yer...
ugh. Fine
Rümi lounge tonight no cover 21+ to drink and party!! I'll be live in the mix this one last time for a month!! Come check me out!!
This give be one busy month... I stay on an mission...
And i miss her.
It is well worth it. Can't believe it took me this long to see them.
Michael Keaton in this movie. ;D
i hate those judges! What comp. was it?
As usual, thanks!!!
was up young lady
Your love interest is a STAR.
Your so sweet, that's why I'm totally falling in love with your friend!!
um sure
Do you have any extreme or embarrassing prom memories?
If you ever found out. I'd die.
work in progress.
clearly, we are.
j must be imagining Indianapolis during a race weekend! Give him a hug for me!
Please go on Facebook and "like" Abused in Chicago - we need more!!! Thanks for your
Scariest thing of my life just happened. :(
ONLINE BANKING SCARES ME
I'm pleased to announce that as of 9/26 I'll be the new Head, Metadata Services at Drexel University Libraries in Philadelphia!
Ha! And you're buying the first one! lol
RT :disagree withTwitter's decision to hide replies to people you don't follow
As a Twitter newbie, I had to google
it was amazing. You have to go to a Final Four. It's not lookin good for Magic.
HAPPY 4 FANNY PACK!!!
RT : Attending Expo West? be sure to visit the Buyer's Best Friend Booth #3988 for the best in organic products
"This is the time to show them everything. Make sure they remember you." --Haymitch: The Movie
So Nike will be selling a $250 jersey that will be close to game jersey buying it!
Yes i do jow do u think i chadr down the ice creamyruck RT : wait, you have workout sneakers?
Thank you for the Craftstravaganza mention! :D The other 139 artisans and I are grateful!
My money is on the market manipulators pulling the market back to zero or even positive today. Right now, it looks like they win.
My #NewYorkKnicks have not won a playoff game since 2001, which makes me understand why rooting for the Knicks frequently seems futile.
Am I the only one celebrating International Womens Day? The Kat is only 1/2 full.
beautiful day for a trip to !
I just told her what I was aiming for in general, and then explained, "it doesn't always happen that way."
Omg please don't make me listen to the Devils goal song ever again. Terrible.
: u in nyc?...u know they on that stuff we was doing like 11yrs ago right...jz/kanye right.mayne..if we do it again we ju ...
Once all the morons supporing Cains #999Plan figure out it will raise their taxes and stunt growth, his popularity will plummet
Had a great time this week having the Browns in town! Especially last night! Thank you so much for bringing us to (:
I feel I want #Whitneyhoustonfuneral on DVD! Its so spiritually motivating & speaks to who she was & what she stood for!
Experience is a hard teacher, because it gives the test first and the lessons afterwords.
I forgot you have no soul. Just remembered.
Everyone follow , RT them, & help create the GREATEST promo team on Twitter for gaining followers!
Still looking for that superstar Bluetooth FW engineer. Experience with CSR BC5 platform and LE a big plus!
yeah that'd be a good idea
Trying to nip a migraine in the bud. I don't have time for one!
Just voted. Those are some absolutely incredible photos! Kudos.
Avoid signing a contract. If you can't pay month to month forget it.
I forgot to report that I saw a bear run across the Issaquah-Hobart Rd this morning.
I wish I was still swimming on the Universe Explorer!
I can't wait! It will be April, so hopefully warm enough for the harbor. Btw, how's the job going?
it is true ! Lol
I wish man. Don't sell them in Alaska :(
5 Ways Acupuncture Can Fix Your Health Problems from:
want me to sing???
i LOVE lifetime
the rich and poor ignore each other but a house divided cannot stand. rigorous and tailored education for the lower class is the only answer
Why are you holding your balls, bietch.
You can never be too kind.
I hope the weather in NY changes this weekend. I do not like how I will be there, and its going to be colder than Kentucky. WTH!!!
At the doctors gettin my 1st ultra sound
"Tea Party: We're 'Coming Back With A Vengeance' #huffpost As soon as they crawl out of Boston Harbor.
Colonial Virginia has some amazing thrift stores and some horrible stop lights.
thanks man! Just packed up your order! :)
Remind me when I slip.. Time to let it go
Ahh...you're not intelligent. This explains much. Good day, Sir
Can't stand it when people pronounce ogle to rhyme with boggle instead of mogul. C'mon, y'all, SERIOUSLY?!
Nothin' hotter than that Catholic schoolgirl uniform. A priest who taught at my school used to wear one.
Sadly, I'm working late & we live in north county - about 40 min from the city, so I don't think it'll work out. :-(
Thanks, Ben!
The Easter bunny is coming to #Brookhaven , more details soon!
Still watching #KCA justin being slime dunged and omg im so luving #oneDirections performance.<3 it!
iPhone or G1? That is the question...
Monday night is Service industry Night 9pm-close 30% off EVERYTHING for service industry workers @ Jade Monkey
Best name so far announced... Alysha B Friesen ...last name pronounced Freezin
I'm takin my dog to the V-E-T!!! His mind..."dat spells WALK!!!" <XXXCMShortboyXXX>
If anyone wants an early lunch we are here and will be open around 10:15 Charles & Baltimore
I am not a "gamer" but give me a few hours in my apt alone, a game where I can kill zombies and a bottle of water and I'm good.
Saying bye to my best friend and knowing I may not see him again was just as painful as it sounds
Oh, equality for LGBT will be the topic.
Had a good day hanging out with Francis at my place! Ba Ba love your sheep noises ;)
Our Mobile Adoptions Unit will be at Long Leash on Life today from 12-3! 9800 Montgomery Blvd NE # ABQ
Not even going to lie. This warm weather is kinda freakin me out!
I feel like a robot! Work it harder make it better
I'm about to cry for her.
start practicing that ape yell! Congrats!
Good idea. Good bat and we don't need him at first. RT : Valentine says team might have L. Anderson in outfield in Triple-A.
Yeah, as long as you're using your Nike+ it'll keep track. :)
I thought you were just a "Yankee"... get it?
My car's faster and sportier than yours so get out of my way!
of course ikea burbank doesn't carry patio furniture. I just have to inconvenience myself and drive a super long way to get them....
The Playoff Season is off to a "Flying" Start! Let's Go !
Uh oh, I have 666 followers. Time to shut down for the night? o_O
I guess I better learn to spell. I meant yolks instead of yokes. totally different meanings! lol
yeah def. better, I mean the guy's got a TD tonight. Speaking of ASU Fri night football, no Cal game tonight?
However, very jealous of all the awesome to come at #marac11 -- will live vicariously through tweets.
It's unanimous!
I cant wait til that muthafucka die..he needs to just get out the fuckin picture..causing stress and shit..fuckin dick head.
#wiproblems the beer in my fridge is to good to boil my brats in!
your right. Im sorry.
Funny how some people call themselves parents yet,,they never seem to have their kids.
“ Cosmic bowling use to be the shit,then we all turned 21”i just went not to long ago lol
": i love bieber" I love his conda ;)
Oh, can I be Ryan?!?
Tagline on MSNBC now, "Huge crows gather in Cairo, demanding Mubarek step down." I love typos
Help us get our name out to all your friends and we will give you tasty eat treats at all of our shows.
so good!
Make love to me with my stilleto's on ..
o ok , lol
Currently working with on the redesign of theory.com (on Demandware) while building a new biz.
what happened with brothas back in the days with missing teeth.. they didn't have a chance in the world of staying out of trouble.. dag.smh
Definitely one of the most intense and slightly disturbing episodes I've seen.
Today's Special: The Twilight Dog - Zoe's All Natural Beef Frank with Cream Cheese Grilled Onions & Mama Lil's Peppers
More like oppressive rather than impressive. As in, playing all day in oppressive heat and humidity. Does keep me young tho.
ok thanks
Dispatches from Qatar: finding your feet in a foreign land
seems a likely scenario that a founder might not want to sell, but the majority of the board/investors would overrule them.
& babies! RT : Secret to success: cat videos.
I just watched the finale & cried ):
I want to duet Volcano SO BAD
The everyone been taking a break and getting me time will resume shout outside and everything else tomarrow afternoon
thanks for reminding me! And I'm so glad you like strengths finder. It works! Love u girl
I am very tired. Not a complaint, just a fact.
Master your weakness so that they don't master you
This storm sucks debris balls.
My taxi drivers name is yaqoob how do you even pronounce that shit?
nice try I'll always be a fan. til the day I die.
Now for some lunch!
New iPad has 5MP Camera similar to iPhone 4S
Not the same with out you either and thursday seems soo far awaay :'''( We need to watch A Walk to Remember btw !!!
High 2U2 Mary Jane RT RT Living 2day like Half-Baked the movie...
I feel your pain may god bless you every minute of every day.
Maybe you're stuck because you're finished and you don't realize it yet. Looks finished to me.
hahahahhaaha that was really funny! :D
i have so many thoughts in my head. one good emotion but many thoughts.
I cant deal with this anymore! I'm so sick of getting played
Can't wait to get this unpacking done so that I can get back to my course prep.
...cuz 10 years from now, it's not gonna matter if you had 100,000 subscribers on youtube
point taken; response bcause at 200K+ apps are beyond the reach of all but most well-funded humanities orgs
Never a good feeling to be on an ancient plane
It's Fat Tuesday! Jack keeps taking off his shirt at the office & I don't have any beads so I just blew my glitter powder in his direction.
she was hot! I had one on Shawn hahaha.
Laughin with somebody > laughin at somebody
You know just in case I land a part on smash next season LOL!! Hey a man can dream!!!
In a meeting today with 3 technical fellows in MSFT (amongst others),including the latest addition…Raghu (Yahoo's ex-Chief Scientist).
Now he's talking about buying $140 board shorts at Barney's.
Honestly Hootsuite can do almost all of that. It might be worth a closer look...
You'd Better Believe It.
In a cab midtown bound. LETS Paint This Picture!
Tomorrow is the Relay for Life for out team at SAC. Hope you can join us for all the fun in support of the American Cancer Society!
"The universe will reward you for taking risks on its behalf." -Shakti Gawain
hey Christopher, more football less legalese. Shouldn't you be previewing the game tonight or drafting an OM or something?
you do know it's spelled 'sophomore' not 'sophmore' ....right?
Chris Paul is thinking we got this!
the most accurate tweet that was made all day over here guys.
can you post it on here. I didn't get to listen.
Short film by local artist Russel Richards will be screened tonight at 10 pm. The film is entitled "Bride of the Fly".
Lee Silsby Compounding pharmacy is the leader for quality compounded medications for autism.
Today, I saw a commercial for the Snuggie. I thought it was stupid idea, but I couldn’t change the channel because I was under a blank...
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+0098> and Tiny Elephants!
Exactly, I hate that. I feel sorry for people who don't get it.
These girls are pretty much the greatest:
Yea! Finally have a twitter account! Who wants to follow me?! :)
New term - "geospammers" / via
If you have a Bloomy's card or Macy's card cut it up now before they cut you up... I am sick and tired of being treated Like a criminal.
I'm not 14-16 but I like the "Watch The Signs" script, is it okay for me to work on it and submit it?
We have THE BEST regulars in the city! Sorry, every other restaurant!
Wrapping an Isagenix event at the Lynnwood Con Cntr with Michael Clouse, Joni Brewer and other leaders in networking!
Last day in NYC- what are we doin today Mindel?
How's the editing going? Excited to see it!
I need a hug and a dr pepper. That be nice.
We rented a Ford Fusion with Sync... And I gotta say Sync is really awesome and the Fusion is pretty great as well. #NextCar?
Any thoughts on Dan Patrick citing sources saying Braun could be and should be found innocent?
lol yeah I used to think u would take long naps during the day and then not get tired at night LOLOL
why are people so god damn bitchy...
Dear John now, Footloose later<333
It was that one movie with Morgan Freeman that was so deep and thoughtful and Mogan played the deep and thoughful guy, u know?
When is that guy from the Men's Wearhouse commercials gonna clear his throat?
THIIS WILL NEVER HAPPEN I PRAYED FOR THIS TYPE
I hate to jump on that bandwagon... But we need a culture change in KC. If he's so committed, then prove it....
haha your a very lucky girl! Ppltofollow
oh. my. god. this database is so slow. why can't companies make library applications that aren't SO SLOW?!
first period :D
Ladies its not too late to sign up for the Hottest Contest in America THE EROTIC .com. Show us You're Hot!!!
thanks for tweeting great content!
I just finished the book If I Stay by Gayle Forman- beautifully written book and very moving story. Highly recommended!
On cloud 9! Article accepted on our framework process for developing media resource support here at Minnesota.
You can't lose something you never had.
too bad these teacher's pay is actually at a net negative for the year because of your changes. Nice try though.
Looks like ill be stayin in today...bout to eat...
OMG no! I cannot have bills in multiple sides/directions!
Marquez drops to the back line. If Mwanga wants to take someone on, there's your guy.
Headed to Dallas to play the Deep Ellum Arts Festival at 5pm. Praying for low-impact traffic.
Totally. So you can go take a few trips, tell people all about the thesis, hear how impressed they are, and come back inspired.
A very busy few weeks ahead, have to plan carefully to be able to fully enjoy all the fun stuff
that is so cool and no I don't have this where did you get it from?
howdy fellow New Mexican..hope things are going well. Remember: try to do something that makes you happy every day!
OK Go & Chevy Sonic - Needing/Getting Music Video Trailer
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will. - Zig Ziglar
finally found the #only person who won't fight with me <3
yah I even put a Pokemon card and a Dora sticker in there :/
Thank you for sharing this! Bree has done a great deal of volunteer work for #RISD, and is a very talented artist.
hit her right off of twitter
#vma #eminem for best video of the year out of respect. Gaga is amazing as well.
taco bell
I can imagine. Is Lisa liking Clovis?
Is Niall really going out with Demi?
Just spent 10 minutes cleaning what appears to be forsaken petrified fruit leather that shattered inside my refrigerator.
bob its me! price!!! its me!!!
Why does currency exist in the Star Trek universe? Scarcity doesn't.
has invaded the rock & roll hotell....H st will never be the same
you too, pretty!!
They call me Mr Crawford when i hit the bank
uh how old are you?
I need to hit the gym! BAD. I'm having withdrawals!
you tagged that tweet wrong.. i think you meant
she also got into Berkeley, but ConAid in CA sucks!
New Blog posted T-shirt Relabeling
Hey y'all. 2 for 1 deal on Holiday Gift CDs of James Warren Moore's original music. 2 gifts for 1 $10 donation to help JWM fight his cancer
: don't forget to tweet about the #dcstatehood petition!
Check out Odd Future's new record The OF Tapes Vol.2 #ofwgkta!
LaDygaga YES!!! YES!!
haha. I had fun in your live chat! :] hoping for some more soon. :D
Writing descriptions. I like my new job. I get paid in beads! Can I get a raise? =P
and thats am not pm btw
john just left it's officially boring again. Group Trip EUROPE HERE WE COME!
appreciate the love..spread the word
can't wait to go home and take a nap.
RT : Lewis Black on NY Post: "I purchase it only because it's got the courage to publish its own news..."
Who is excited to watch tonight? is guest judging!
Night beautiful people. Tired. Hoarse. Eyes Swole. Heart heavy...I've gotta get some rest. X0x
Thank you so much! I really appreciate it.
{Ad Space} Are you looking to promote your business? More space open NOW! Contact us to get started!
Today I get to watch the most amazing friends/ally/supporter I have graduate college! I CAN'T WAIT! I'm going to need tissues
Going to barnes and noble c:
I love that sound you make when you shut the fuck up :)
Happy Friday! How about those Pens! :)
2 large people eating alot at famous Dave's. Perfect valentines date if you ask me
Thanks for the kind words
& then as they count down to contact, the broadcast goes out. It reminds me of 9/11. 2
Hello "future" UK SLIS Alumni. I read on the list-serv a few Wildcats were heading down. Have a safe trip.
Ohp! There he goes. No jk. He didn't make it. 11th times the charm?
Yay! They're here!
Would like to see a more detailed article on EQI stretches. Read a blog of yours on it, but was general info
hey man whats up!
Nashville, are you ready for Soundland? we're playing on Friday at 12th & Porter at Midnight!
hah no...someone else tweeted it
Please REMEMBER! Awareness is the key to your safety....
U know its Monday wen u lost track of how many cups of coffee u drank b4 12
Steak and liquid Aloha! Aurite! ;)
It's crazy how much people learn about their selves hourly. I know it's all true too because they put it on Facebook #whatsfacebookforagain?
I Cant wait for teen wolf i hope derek not dead i hope scott whip that alpha's @** lol ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
RT : A single McDonald's fruit smoothie contains just as much sugar as 4 Reese's Peanut Butter Cups.
RT Prototype of new Top Shop iphone in hand. Looks durable. Will get Naomi to test it on her maid.
speech therapy
of course Sam's daycare closes Monday too...
One man, One woman, Two guitars, lots of great music! Rodrigo y Gabriela tonight!
Thanks hoty! RT congrats on the awesome 800 today!!
I heart you more! xx
Everyone saying I wanna thank God, and all I hear is "AND JESUS"
Such a great night in Flagstaff!!!
y u no want da chicken nuggets
Bright summer day
blackhawks win would be the cherry on top!
Can i FB message you? It's a good paragraph long. ha.
Encouragement is the water that keeps us growing, the air that we breathe, the fire that keeps us warm.
I have an extra ticket on a 12:30pm DC>NYC Megabus Tuesday if anyone wants it (no charge).
thanks for the "favorite"!
I like trouble
Have you seen your tweets on our screen lately? Tweet us and see them on the TV in our diner! #BeFamous ;)
People die every day:(
RT If You From Milwaukee & You Proud!!!
Finally arrived at gradbash!
i wa just at the showw !!!!
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!78
Gharibian-miller.. It was a beaut :)
I'm ready to chow down on some fried rice!
King James U16 in final four of stormcalssic platinum division.
h yeahh let me just wait forever till you get here are you kidding me?? it could have called up his homies!
Is ready for some good news!! Let's get this thing started We need a little adventure....
That's awesome!
are you flirting with me?
Already broke a nail
I hate peeling brittle yet sticky rubber bands off records. Gah-ross.
Chairman suggests written comments by delegations by Friday on 10 topics to supplement discussion
is the Volt that bad?
straight chinese i aint afraid to eat pussy ! ;
Someone crossed the line. Laid claims to the calling rights of a title they haven't earned.
DJs Le Sprite, Mr. Automatic, Adam Killing & Omar Padron on the tables & works featured from 3 local artists! 10-4am, only at !
That was a tear jerker for sure but very beautiful.
My favorite part of a cleaning frenzy is reorganizing the bookshelf!
Thank you! Hope you had a great holiday. Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
That moment when you're so pissed off, so you "K." somebody.
#libmade Joseph is depressing me but it's so necessary for us to hear. We need to re-focus.
If you THINK someone else's God should decide what medication your doctor can give you, vote GOP.
Dunkin caramel iced coffee<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
love hate relationship with owen d. young. saw some amazing sunrises from the 24 hr study space.
that's what's up!
or federal employees ;)
The MISS TEXAS pageant is approaching....
See any movies that were filmed in Pittsburgh over the weekend? Tell us about it!
Thank You So Much.!(:
Life is not about how hard you can hit, but how much you can get hit and still keep moving forward.
Its my babyboys 18th birthday! :) love you . Hope you have an amazing day. See you Friday
and also with you
Nothing much i tryna be like U....You Emporah taking all thr mo ey leaving me eith bunny earsRT : Marc Was Good
Forcing cat through x-rays = cat will likely destroy something precious to us while we sleep tonight.
After 11 good years and 200,000 miles my "Paid-for Plymouth Neon" finally gave up the ghost. Now I'm cool - I got a Corolla!!!
I'd say he's pretty stiff...
I just got back from exploring garbage houses with Thanks for coming along!
what's your email
Latest update in #CoralGables slaying coming up in one minute on NBC6
sitting below you. Not wearing a hat at all.
Jane Eyre? Michael Fassbender? Yes please.
"What year did Jesus think it was?" — George Carlin
Very disappointed to see that the Jay Leno/Pat Morita vehicle "Collision Course" is not available for streaming anywhere
#Bears front runners to sign Mario Williams, pair him with Julius Peppers... holy cow!” Bears presumed favorites in NFC North if signed.
congrats Lisa!
Sorry the new Twitter and FB capability you're promoting is not done very well. Hope you're already working on an upgrade.
Vic the Brick is the worst.
Gonna go see Take Me Home Tonight!!!!!!! I can't wait!!!!!!
After that phone call I'm going to bed..I hate everyone
sure! Send me the details
Amen...amen! Be extra careful out there! RT : ...AND PHOTOGRAPHERS!!!!
Bummed to be missing the #SMCSea event tonight. Next one!
thanks for the RT!
So Colton doesn't believe in handouts, but isn't a hidden immunity idol basically Survivor welfare?
congratulations on earning tenure!
#BuildYourFans - Network with FOLLOWERS build with FANS. There is a huge difference as in career success or failure!
#Orioles #Indians and #Nats all sitting in first place. Who woulda thunk it....
grandmas be home In a minute
The garage doors are up here at Lincoln. Come enjoy the sunshine!
Naps are great!!
If only emotions and feeling didn't exist.
-- You're welcome and thanks back at you!
When im in the car wit my mom and she got the windows down playin some old ass music doin the fuckin snake<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<
Got a text saying 'come over and drink', grabbed the contents in my liquor cabinet (including the butter beer) it's about to get weird..
thanks for the invite that would be cool
it was tight bro.
I cleaned out my binder so technically I touched my homework ;)
yeah I should probably start by using it and move up to making stuff when I'm ready. I want to make a blog, too. Eep!
Attend our next event.Happy Hour in the Southside at Penny's Diner, Pennys Glasshouse,& Folino's! www.pittsburghprofessionalconnection.com
Chillin at school waitin for the day to end so we can get on that field for the first time.
Our contest for 2 free tix to is still happening. Hit us w/ your best palindrome and include #nyudemetri. Tweet us now!
Workforce: social equity issue - of who is getting the arts and science classes while others are getting severely cut.
Priest at last night's wedding horrifically misogynist. And why would an omniscient deity hate the sex that births the species?
The way Wolf said that made it seem like Texas was not going share the longest border with Mexico in the future... lol
If my films make one more person miserable, I'll feel I have done my job
Great game! Love your hustle and physical play.
nice, we should have a back-up bar ready for when gets kicked out
Awww. Take your time sweet thang!
This chase group is loaded with talent, but a bit too big?
Taylor S. doesnt belong with Joe!
But all you got is some fucking issues you fucking bitch . (;
I am one of Dr. Bull's graduate students. Dr. Bull doesn't use his twitter account very often. DM me & I will send u his email.
I hate that the Steelers did that.
HAHAHA I feel like thats how I signed up my friend to twitter
We will be playing and old set your goals cover at the show tomorrow :)
Lol my last tweet was to uou
Mall Survival Tip #1: Always park near Abercrombie... If you lose you're way, you can just sniff your way back to your car.
Monica Palmirani is showing how Akoma Ntoso can even be applied to 100's of years old docs with images, alternate formatting.
Lol. Bro fuck senior year, of course that's what we should be doing on a Monday.
Yeah, it's pretty great.
Yeah, he's always been a prick when it comes to ATDI related stuff. I'm surprised he got on stage at all. Must need the $$
Sorry. I promise it's been raining for a month. Better?
haha. Well so am i(; hahahaha.
I went to bed, wouldn't even waist my rest time on that!
Bet you wont retweet this.
#HappyMothersDay to all my mothers
I'm a pisces/aries. It's craziness. But I love it.
gwaf with the knee brace
if u love fannypak so much then yeah change it y not?!!
MyFitnessPal is the best! Add me - ilanawithani - Good night friends :) you're all great.
The Cabin in the Woods w/
some ladies now days wanna be girls still and some wanna grow up and be women
Do I really have to go to work today?
Happy Birthday to my brother the late Robert Satterfield Jr.
ditto! in fact, I think is the only Packer I'm following.
and now i know why my father said he wouldn't let me go to law school.
A healthy Kobe gives the Lakers a punchers chance to win a title. A motivated and consistent Bynum increases that chance.
Colby is a cheese.
I don't think I would feel bad if my downstairs neighbor was feasted upon by a colony of fire ants
I wonder if I'm annoying anyone with my Matt Hunter tweets. oh well... yolo ;)
I see you guys got a few more followers in the san francisco area, sounds like it's time for a show out here :-)
I hate annoying people who know theyre annoying and think its funny. Like no bro! STFU
You won the Black Keys tickets! Get back to me so we can work out the delivery. YAY!
Heels and boyshorts
~ Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
Watching the live coverage of #OccupyPortland on the news...
sounds like something from the bassoon barn :p
#DWade probably enjoyed the facial #TajGibson gave him... afterall #Lebrick gives him one every night
I know. Busy with new projects. CONGRATS!!!!
Inspired by a conversation I had at #thatcampfl I just bought a book on HTML5.
Thanks for the #FF =) hope you have a great weekend!!
Just took stalker pictures of my crush.
All I Need From You Is For YOU To Go Deep .
How was your day Sarah?? :)
I don't promote violence, but a punch to Carlos Mencia's face would mean the most coming from you. I'm here to help.
UCLA tryna be like the Miami Heat!
ITS OK WE ARE ALREADY IN THE PLAYOFFS, GO LAKERS
you see me as fragile, but i've been through this so many times that i don't need you to protect me.
Mike Fernandez: The quicker you recognize a mistake, the faster you can react to it.
“: Virginia Woolf's lover and inspiration for "Orlando," Vita Sackville-West, a writer herself, was born on March 9, 1892!"
Hey... Im following you O_O ... U ok with that? ;)
good just getting up & trying to start my day how about you
what's up fam! Keep up the hard work man it shows! #Ncredible taking over the world!
Wakin' up to a rainy day in Florida. Hey it's better than the 18 degree morning Olbermann is having up in Cornell.
Did you rage in the Sahara tent?
It's interesting to see how many loan modification programs are now coming out as scams!
G.O.O.D. Music signed with Def Jam, Common went over to Warner Brothers.
that just wasn't good enough. nothing on goal in the entire second half. besides the goal, what did we really put on net? nothing. awful.
I think other MS Office apps may be pending for that feature?
Full day of printing today for our good friends
as I told Roblong when it happened. if it was my bearcat there would b NO jail safe enough 4 him. I would HUNT him down
Vodka+ slot machines= bliss
Honestly who dosent love wal-mart?
Late Night Snack Sabra Classic Hummus W/ Pretzel Crisps, Strawberry Pop Tarts, 2 Pastries
man, i love the song! it's been stuck in my head! Your hook is so awesome...so excited to finish it!
Thanks for the contact! It's great to meet others like who are advocates for prisoners and their families.
I say wade
Fragrant jasmine blooming everywhere, FTW.
If you pay someone to transcribe your notes the journalism gods will surely strike you down for shirking.
's talk live
It's better to be unhappy alone than unhappy with someone - so far. - Marilyn Monroe
haha in your dreams ill give 2 cars so you don't fell bad
Probably more #P90X. Eventually want to try
38 Percent of the homes sold in Pike Township this year so far were distressed sales (Bank owned, HUD, foreclosure, short sale, etc.)
You and me both. U have fulfilled this girl's dream of growing up to marry George Clooney.
i love you cody...You can't rule the heart!
Ohh she Salty !
.. the atmosphere was fun, plus I gotta meet the homeboy Ron $_$
hope to see you May 19th!
Thanks to all who attended our 4th Annual TandI Convention in DC! It was truly a success. Save the Date for Summit-Aug. 9-12 in Irving, TX!
Okay, all day we are going to work on boosting our number of likes...so please share this page with your friends, coworkers, family....go!
tiger is blowing it
Goodnight :) TOMORROW IS FRIDAY!!
follow back??
Lord heal this broken nation
i love love love the 25 days if christmas on abc family :D
Chillin' w/ my auntie & my cousin(:
I'm not a fan of Convey on the right...
we still cant touch Jacks Old South and the boys at Big Bob Gibsons - they are on another level on another planet for sure
Uh oh, Komo is back on twitter :-)
no because of the HAHAHAHAA because I can hear you laughing in my head.
Just got in the house....
I want to play minecraft already.
Confidence is a stain they can't wipe off!!!
RT : Come check out my directorial debut 2nite 4 's booking signing! Four scenes performed 7-10
RT : Should I be concerned that my dentist has a poster of Elton John on his wall.
TY for the RT Rachel! Hope all is well!
: thanks so much! Feel free to post on our forum! Your work is amazing! We love inspiration!
Check out recent followers of
Cheesecake factory to celebrate my awesome mother! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><U+2764>
are you home?
never did hang out huh
Hey there was salsa dancing at school last night, wish you could have been my dance partner/instructor
Uncle Joey sends you direct messages after you follow him... now that is some fan appreciation
I dont want you, but I need you
Need a Hott date for final four ? Book for appt with me via email find it at my website alexis.houstontopnotchplaymates.com
I think is asleep, or getting some #FUPA. o__O
Great workshop ! This state has amazing culture, food, drink and events!
RT : no matter what I'll always love dumb dirty ass fucking hood down south rap... ATL MIA
RT : Library of Congress web archive grows 6 TB per month
THREE more morning workouts before new shoes! #WACtosa #shamelessmotivation :)
It's fine as long as you know why you had your neck pains. It will be easy to do medication to get relief once you know why..
amazing!! You have to tweet more pictures!
thx -- the base map that is the background has white rectangles which aren't filled in even when I download quad...
Q3 I've seen the phrase "LAM" as a catch-all for Library/Archive/Museum professionals. Opinions: good, bad, or indifferent?
RT Coca cola is nasty
Thanks for the good words! Glad you enjoyed!
Even worse: very close to a Best Buy and the site of a failed Circuit City.
Morehead State winning the battle to get smoked.
haha its ok :)
Dr. Seuss' The Lorax was written to warn people about ecological dangers. Ironically, the film has over 70 marketing tie-ins… 1 is an SUV.
I might vomit by the end of this. I need to re-do my course evaluation
do you ever miss #TRL? i bet you do
“When a thief kisses you, count your teeth” lol :P
Near mint +
my knowledge of cults is pretty limited :)
you welcome (:
It's an old-fashioned InD paragraph- vs single-line composer battle, designer prefers former, those of us doing the correx, the latter.
I eat too much, all the time.
Awesome: RT : As much as women fear becoming just sex objects, men fear becoming economic objects. Do you think this is true?
Amen to that 8 hours.
Bruins win and I'm off Wednesdays night!! Fuck ya
I was honestly just thinking the same thing.
Movie date with the Madear, Hunger Games.
“: God is Good All the Time! End of story . Yep #Truelove". Amen brother, learn it, live it, love it.
GOD MORNING
can't wait fam....da west needs you.
The boys had water day at school today! I made sure to put Coppertone on them before they headed off!
Great live music coming up this weekend! Group Therapy Thursday at 7, Southbound Friday at 9:30 and Saturday at 9:30
Watching basketball when I'm suppose to be doing homework.
Cant lie that love you like a love song Baby chiefn
Final Four is THIS weekend! Who is your pick?
thank you.. so boring
San Marcos has cursed me
we appreciate the love 241 fuk with us sweety
your music is awesome! Keep me updated on new music! Thanks! Keep rockin'!
This the first girl that got feelin like this!
Babe,Is it in?Yeah.Is it hurting,Mhmm,Let me try to put it in slowly.Ouch,it still hurts!Ok,let's try another shoe size<-Who Remembers This?
I have gotten so much fatter since I joined a gym...
Just started using DayOne, a daily journal for mac. Great design. Two paragraphs/day seems like a good idea.
Why are you scared.. it's just a roach? *roach spreads wings* OH SHIT IT CAN FLY, RUN B*TCH RUN!
RT God has to work IN us before He can work THROUGH us.
Jon Jones still our undefeated light heavy weight champion of the world.
Everson: It's not about making contributions. It's about union busting. It's about taking out the opposition as cheaply as u can
Involvement in campus-wide committees as an organic way to develop faculty relationships. #cildc Loving 's presentation so far!
I bet las vegas live af right now...
I think it also depends on how much you feel the language being used is yours/something open to you.
what the hell is that
A little less conversation. A little more action.
I have no idea how one is supposed to eat #Oatabix cereal, but it can't possibly be the way I'm eating it now. This is like cold vomit.
my husband is an ER doc at Detroit receiving. Says its possible there wouldn't be a visible contusion. But would likely see it
yes please!
I wish we were ll in Palm Spring clinking our coffee mugs.
#blogchat At the risk of stating the obvious.. Content = King and Context = Queen
Funerals<<< All i think about is the damn body sittin up all of a sudden! Smh i watch too much tv lbvs
Student: "I am a senior, just needing a writing credit to graduate. I don't really care about English" Me: "Sorry, out of add codes."
contact Jon Messer at the Center for Teaching Education and Technology on 3rd floor of Library.
Hey Margaret,hope you have a beautiful day/nite as well ;)
lol dude I read one of your tweets wrong,I didnt know you said what's my other acc name! Lol sorry it's
Metta World Peace or as I will refer to him "The Formerly Sane Basketball Player: Ron Artest"
I hate when I don't forward a chain letter, and then I die the next day.
Blueberry hot-cross buns, monkey bread, croissant, yeasted donut, nectarine quark danish, smoked brisket/potato hash w/poached eggs
The best shower- post pledge retreat
#CayoteUgly up on them lol.... RT : We was so drunk last nite.... S/O to on the bar...
I cant wait for to release the video for "Slick" from the #SlickLiving album/mixtape tomorrow!!!
1st visit 2 an Indian grocery store & 2 eat a dosa since my trip. Sights, & smells make my heart ache longingly.
opening day of the !
If you play with love, it won't be long before love begins to play with you.
: BUILDING A GLOBAL EMPIRE
buffalo trace ghost tomorrow with my boyfriend #imalreadyscared <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
I heard you're killing my best friend. Make sure she comes home in one piece!
Cannabis seeds were used as a food source in China as early as 6000 B.C. ....
If you love someone nothing else should matter...especially what people say
not for a while :-) we're just ring window-shopping ;-)
"are you REALLY Alive" tell me are you?.. #song lyrics
Yes he Is
followed him XD
he does not!
Um Did I Just See Dancing In The VMA's!?!?!?
shout out to you guys! Thanks for the support!
Glad you're coming back!
You mean it's not already a law to report the disappearance or death of your own child? Yet they give $500 tix for not buckling up. Yeesh.
“: A mad/jealous girl does better research than the FBI.” !!!!!!
Welcome back golf.
WHAT THAT'S BOLD
“: Playing at the game <3” COOL!!
Community Day w/ performing “Tar Beach”. First 50 to register win a copy of “Tar Beach”. Registration required...
Thank you! I did not know that.
The LUNATIC-LEFT MEDIA pushes this IDIOT story about Romney.They ignore TRUE CORRUPTION & THEFT in OBAMA Admin.
Fatherhood is pretending the present you love most is soap-on-a-rope. Bill Cosby
Hanging with !!
i had fun with you last night daught!
Polar bears #Lost rt #LivFamFeudQues if you were stranded on an island, name something you might have to eat
Commerce and paper work consume too much of our precious time. I just want to write and sing a song but the big "R" calls-"Responsibility!"
like you should be able to reach out, but people shouldn't be able to directly message you unless you initiate it.
Knew that would get you excited.
nice avatar. haha
RT : 25 children at story time and all of them high on sugar. #iworkinapubliclibrary // Livin' the dream, babe!
naw, it's cool :) I was going to flake anyway, after realizing that I have an #aam2012 deadline today. Safe trip!
Nothing to do at work so I must eat. Eat. Eat. Eat. Enjoy my delish vietnamese sandwich...
'80's childhood vs. '90's childhood; totally different experiences
Ironically enough, August brought me my biggest web traffic for the year. Thanks to all those to support The Half!
Miseducation of Lauryn Hill to me is the best hip hop album from beginning to end from a female emcee of all-time. It will not be duplicated
Gearing up for Biz Asia America - We're following a lot of military movement in Asia, DPRK, South China Sea, etc...
Guy on the range next to me, your not a pro golfer, please stop talking to the ball like you are.
Out the door on the bus and walking by 8 am on the coldest and shortest day I'd the yearp
I can sing yall =\
Okay Proctor & Gamble. Your Mother's Day commercial is UNFAIR!!! *sniffle*
Fly over States!
You will never be a leader unless you first learn to follow and be led. Tiorio
Saw the tweet, so you and got me anxiously waiting... As my boy would say, "Un-tuck the hot!!!" (i.e., share the heat)
I dont get it? Toy boat?
-- Um. No comment! Let's just say I was college grad in 1983 and a huge Talking Heads fan.
lol ....Loving this morning! And his "Oh,Kelly" song :)
we would have only charged half
no it wasn't, stop
yeah, i know. glad to hear you're still surviving.
Georg Wilhelm~ Nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.
S/O to ALL my new followers!!! xo xo xo
Taylor Swift wonderstruck perfume commercial...
are we doing anything tonight?
So yea, #RememberThis is pretty awesome. Good job,
Glad to hear!
Steve Zultanski: Getting creative in the usual sense involves becoming a better employee.
i miss you
it was not your day, darlin. I'll make you chai again in the morning...tomorrow's a new day!!!
#tpguncensored, So excited to be on the call. Everyone, be prepared to walk away with great information and knowledge this evening.
hahah, no... But my sinuses are now clear! ;)
I need to start a sallie mae/student loan interest prayer line. We need a little more power to make some change....
Never doubt your abilities...
Loved meeting you!!! Can't wait to figure out our housing. We will chat tomorrow once we hear back from all the girls!
Its show time! Thanks everyone for your well wishes and support! Vote and spread the word!
Gotta thank for the feature again. Potential clients have been rolling in since!
RT : Lord = absolute Master
I'll be in Fay this summer! If you and Kyla ever need a babysitter..or want to hang out with a college student, hit me up!
If you do not go after what you want you<U+FFFD>ll never have it
Wellness Center offering free classes
Good Morning and thanks for the RT yesterday. Enjoy your day!!
Starting to get really hungry. What's this Hunger Games movie about? Because when I'm hungry, I don't like playing games!
its worth it! Good job mama!
aww much love(:
same here :/
Ouch...too soon
"my love is deeper, tighter, sweeter, higher, fire, didn't ya know this..." love this song.
watching American dad laughing like crazy
Hun,your are beautiful<3 I'm jelly
Early lead
i wish this #chronic cough would go away
Aha....the middle schoolers talk SO much trash yo....
Yes! *throws confetti in the air*
lol how long u got to go
thanks dude! Can't wait to kick it again on tour like 06 underminded times :)
At age 2, E. decided she doesn't want me to sing in the car. Kid has 14 years of heartbreak & agony before she gets her own damn license.
Waste of my time like always ugh
No this B_tch didn't jus turn off the T.V.
First interveiw went awesome, i got a second one next week. #hollahh oh.. And i got the job at discovery but idk, its so far.
Not a good sign that as soon as I saw the hatchery cover line I was able to guess the book and the reviewer
Being personable on your social networking profile is a good thing, but make sure you avoid becoming too casual or unprofessional.
The awkward moment when you accidentally follow 1D freaks and your phone isn't letting you check 'Unfollow'..
. I'm one of your constituents, and I'm urging you to pass the American Jobs Act now to strengthen our economy.
When thinking about video is it a straight presentation, integrated with presentation items, interactive (best for engagement)
Thankful to c u guys live 5 times this year! RT Happy thanks giving! We have so much to be thankful for what an amazing year!
Im changing the channel to weakass americas got talent instead of watching that blowout
Taco or gyro...
just kinda hanging around after a long tiring day! hah what's your name?
WSJ: A Key Ingredient in Success? Failure, Says CDC Head
Amazing first half of this game. WOW. What a battle. BTW: Roy is a shortie.
On my way with my cousins to the Jamaican picnic
smoke some herb with emerge plz
Got work later boo
well then uh nevermind..
I cant wait for next week. Ill be there front row
FOCUS on the moment and be GRATEFUL for the opportunities!
Call Me Maybe by Carly Rae Jepsus has passed Boyfriend on the iTunes chart. The master < the apprentice
Y'all follow my personal acc it's and I'll get ur tweets sent to my phone!
w00t good luck man!
May your neighbours respect you, Trouble neglect you, angels protect you and heaven accept you.
So refreshing that they're playing this on the radio <U+266C><U+266A><U+2764> #throwbackthursday – Wu-Tang Clan Ain't Nuthing Ta F' Wit by
A cup of coffee and a decadent chocolate cupcake at Babycakes ... does it get any better?
follow me and will follow back you same time try it
Cold weather French Toast?
oh yes actually on the way to play Boston, MA right now! Europe tour....TBA
Right on. Begin to reach and teach social skills with Social Starts to the preschool crowd. We're on it
I personally think that many libraries would have an easier time with $ if they just took the time to make nice with their stakeholders.
you probably meant to include #client in that last. Tsk tsk.
I think marrying a doll is legal in many states.
u still mad at me
Procrastinated and tUnE-yArDs 6/3 is sold out at I will buy your extra ticket.
You do not have a problem that surprises God. God has a plan for you and you're going to make it!
Reservoir Dogs.
RT : Drag this speech out until August, thereby fulfilling my promise to take my campaign to the Convention.
Would Ms. Duran even let you xD ? Omg Mason Park !
#ESHealthChat is coming! April 6th at 6pm CST, our health expert Becky will be answering any questions you might have!
Drove out of my way last night to pass Urban Light lit... 10pm & there were half a dozen people running around in the sculpture.
when does Kermit the Frog celebrate his birthday? we bet Kermit is leap year baby!!
IS IT REALLY SO STRANGE? by William E. Jones at Anthology Film Archives tonight! Gaze at the fanatical fans of The Smiths and Morrissey
IKR But I want some breakfast food
A word other than color, can you think of one? No fair looking at a thesaurus.
follow me my love :)
watching from Atlanta tonight. Love the Gone With the Wind book, did an exhibit on it when I worked ^TR
you're the one for me.
watch www.tgaph.tv for upcoming investigations.
Ok that was an unbelievable alley-oop.
Every kind of relationship takes hard work and dedication to your loved one or partner, whether it's long distance or proximal.
yeah I meant that xD
"Good Morning"...... Happy Friday...... its 86f. Out there already.... make Sure you Wear... Them Cotton Undies today! :)
La Bonne Crepe makes god stuff. Caffe Europa is my fave though. Best pizza on Las Olas!
you know he comes up big when its time to finish
Rooting for my favorite films: The Descendants, The Artist and Midnight in Paris. Hope they win. Something.
it's winter break!<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>party time!!!!
That's great! Looking forward to the piece!
I give up. You're #stupid #typical and so not worth my time.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you enjoy the music!
RT Picking up some Pad Thai with chicken and tofu from a food trailer. As one does. || In Austin, Texas.
Today my husband will take 3 laps around a racetrack in speeds up to 180 mph in a Ferrari! OMG I will be holding my breath & taking video <U+E03D>
This guy on #AGT is gonna make me cry! (':
Great job loving the Q & A with Mr. Gilligan
The Wire Season 4...Get It
Back at you, bro! “: I'm drunk do I love everyone but man I really love you guys! #GoKingsGo”
not to hehe i ment in
Great Sunday. Burn 60, lunch and a nap! Gonna be sore tomorrow. Dinner time!
- Did the Valentones radio stuff make it into the interweb? Would love to hear your tunes.
Got a curiously virus-looking DM from ya'll. Just FYI! :-)
#Libra #Scorpio #Sagittarius #Capricorn #Aquarius #Pisces #Aries #Taurus #Gemini #Cancer #Leo #Virgo are freaks & love oral sex!
We love #brunch at !
Flung open the windows for air, & instantly bummed by the jackhammering of the sidewalk, 'til I saw it was to make way for more trees!
Episode 2 in 6 days, but Episode 1 is still around www.terriblepeopleshow.com
1. Brothers 2. I and Love and You 3. The ArchAndroid 4. Write About Love 5. The Secret Sisters
if by day drinking you mean 16/14 shifts for us then yes. Tomorrow drinks will be
what would you like to do that you cannot? ^MB
Countries like Korea invest heavily in education, tech & infrastructure. Notions parts of our body politic are suddenly allergic to.
Lol Goofy . ill Try !
Thanks so much for following! Best of luck with your project!
It's MOVIE NIGHT!. We're gonna be watching The Jerk, Drop Dead Gorgeous and Teen Witch. Guess the theme, win a handshake from the owner.
Coffee + cool, overcast weather + some time off = nice start to my week.
folow me please
I hear you. Just my way of saying that it would be nice to see you. Best of luck, Becky.
Embrace your chance to lead! RT : This bus ride would be way better if someone started a song and dance routine.
I like it too.
Wow, this game is getting rowdy. Go Magic.
Eric Hellman from "what is a book anyway?"
The store where I buy most of my cigarettes has Newport non-menthol significantly cheaper than regular Newports.
lol he was wasn't he... I gotta go with Mike Williams from USC
This sucks smh
I'm on a mission:to get All Tiny Creatures [touring w. this spring] on the bill at Sasquatch.lost cause?hope not!
Check out First Night Alexandria info!
I CANNOT WAIT FOR THE ANTHEM MADE SUMMERLINE!!!! i'm really excited. can we get a sneak peek?
wake ya ass up, I wanna go eat!!!!
Looking for HipHop Rapper - JAY-Z /Kanye West Style for Special Film Project email: 'SERIOUS INQUIRES ONLY' Please!
why is your poker down? Particularly discouraged with the service once alot more.
They left out Kourtney. instead they let chick from big bang talk.
Fantastic presentation, ! So informative, one of the best webinars I've seen in awhile. Can't wait to grab the book!
Oops! You saw that!? Thought I was being discreet!!!! ;)
one of mine, too. real life is so boring :/ LOL!
American Idol is kind of awful right now. The Voice > American Idol.
you should follow me simply to enrage the 98644 people who follow you
lol only one?
Commission business meeting back in session.
Research tells us fourteen out of any ten individuals likes chocolate!! Stop @ Firehook Bakery for yours!!
Exciting news coming soon from our mouths to your ears!!!
Twisting today from 1-3pm at Rubin and Thompson Assisted Living Saugus, Ma. from 1-3pm for a Halloween Party!
CASSIE sexy af but her MUSIC suck ASS!!!
Want dis basketball shit off my TL im a football fan an dats it
I just ran a trip on their site & including airfare for 4N 3 days it would cost $6,085.00 without food. Shall I book it? :)~
Missed Vinny's Ustream !! :'( But Now For Jersey Shore !! :D
Sixers coming back to Philly after splitting the games in Boston? I'll absolutely take it.
That Sad Moment when someone took tha last item you wanted right in front of you ..
We are looking to hire soon. Keep a lookout.
Donuts are mine...I mean weather...weather
great mix, although would have preferred hearing more of your original content you produced :)
Do cats say #YOLO ?
Yo, I heard JayZ and Nutter are announcing something today. Hope it's a collabo record
lol True! And if a citizen did do that I think I'd have to start reevaluating the job situation ;)
Honestly I have like some of the best cousins
I CANT HATE BUT CONGRATS TO OMARION
lol yea she dope!
i can't wait to hear some good new stuff ! :) #
There's nothing more comforting than finding out a weight loss program is following you.
Please do! I really wish I could go this year.
I'm defenitly not getting on any site tomorrow just to see about 4/20. Shit annoys me
Curled my hair all by myself today.(: #Mission Impossible
Witnessed a miracle today, moments like these I cherish and hope I can send to those in need!
Our meetings are open to the public, so feel free to stop by! We'd love to have you.
That was so much fun!
Holy,Holy,Holy is the lord god almighty<3
Scented success - China Daily
I heard had a #hangover type of night.. Hope ur feelin better cuz!
Thanks for the SO! Have a great holiday weekend!
I like that. RT : You already own my inbox! *wink* RT SparksDanny I won't be happy til I own your inbox.
Thanks so much for the shout out Katy! <3
RT : Your Spirit is indestructible, undying…. EVER<U+2765>LASTING <U+2764>
#idigbio Jose Fortes "my version of deep time is a millisecond!"
And did I mention no cover!
That annoying friend who has a DVR cable box but refuses to rewind the show you’ve just missed b/c they prefer to watch it in Real-Time.
I would say find a local food bank or spca
nope Scott said they were fine
It still hasn't quite sunk in yet!
MONDAY monday MONDAY! (cc'ing )
You are beautiful !!!!
Just wrapped up my script for #fourpeaksNW Episode #5 with Jordan Weisman and Michelle Habell-Pallan: music/gaming & community #mcdm /hrh
Win the hearts of people
this is what Sudan is like
#myweakness a dude that has hella swag.
Looking forward to making this a fun tradition. MT : “Día de los Niños” is celebrated on April 30th in the U.S.
How's it going, ?
Sitting next to an open outlet at SEL.
and are 2 of the coolest people in the universe. They would love a hello tweet from you if possible.
they say you've reached official Divadom when u have a drag persona! Haha! Love u Diva! From your little Divaette!
you can feel the love when none of your parents is going to your dance recital...
Well... I love and hate some people at the same time:)))
#PeytonManning "has a lot of work to do." Top of the list: a #NFL commercial
I'm very optimistic.
yep 6.30 is good! i'd say the whistle and flute, its pretty chilled, right by putney bridge
np. It's a great flick, to be sure. If I could get an interview with Arkin, I'd definitely be there. :)
getting the party started... Come by for drinks and some fun.. Live in the mix.
we're getting zaxbys after your practice tonight....
Conversations with Wisconsin U.S. Senate candidates Fitzgerald, Neumann and Thompson start at 3 p.m.
There are such great opportunities for our ethnic actors now. It is Awesome!
Hi there MRMATIAS
Crickets, crickets.
Check out Miari's interview on www.klav1230am.com tonight @ 7:30 p.m.PST. Also, listen to her new CD at www.miari.com. Enjoy!!!
question is... why did it take so long to move the camera to true center?
Thanks , the master reset did the trick. C U next time!
Also, very, very glad for you that it turned out NOT to be decaf. :)
Any other artists I should check out?
Also. $4741790 for ANY alcohol on ANY commuter train ain't so bad.
Love your work
This is no joke...www.millionaireminds.org Free youself TODAY!
Certain Death 1.2 Online Tournament 5/12 sat 5pm eastern Message: BEATDOWN Stream to be placed on the brackets!
When you've maxed yourself out like a credit card, don't take out another loan with drugs, alcohol, or cigs...am I right? ;)
love your quotes.<3 follow?
Finely has the dropsies. Not his best game.
Aww Brantley put my two dear composers of two eras/genres in one sentence <3
hehe i know we sure are. You are a true Hawkeye fan to mom sometimes you just don't like to admit it :)
yeah lol but I want Austin to be like my best guy friend cause he's so cool
NEW MUSIC COMING SOON
Thank you for being so generous with your time and answering all of our questions. It was a great experience.
I'm hired...king ding dong
you and me both Chalupa. Shit ain't right.
not always true. U may love someone so much but at the same time ur hurt more than loved so u have to seperate yourself.
I know! They say it's overrated! “: Sleep? What is this sleep that you speak of?”
HOLIDAY PARTY MSPCC Toy & Food Drive Wed,Dec 16 3-8pm Eat, Drink & Donate! Up to 40% off services and 25% off gift certificates w/ donation!
I couldn't agree more!
Using Kinect technology to create a cool experience where you can "carbonate" yourself through movement
#10Facebooktips dont flirt on your wall as if your boyfriend or girlfriend is your friend on #Facebook you should know that cause drama
Lots of knowledge at A Better San Diego regarding what works in education.
It was the mere mention of scotch, wasn't it? I am in!
I was astonished last year to try a new tea (Kusmi's "Prince Wladimir") and discover that it tasted exactly like Crystal Pepsi
Photos from will be posted on our website, and the EYS & Cascading Krystal's websites soon!
We just found out you're coming to Portland OR next week. We'd love to interview you on TV. Any interest? OTF 503-895-4654
Joe Nathan going for his 3rd loss of the season. Can he do it???
running a few minutes late!!
Len Dawson's at #sb44 - at least someone from Kansas City has a part in the Super Bowl trophy
Well everyone that is left should be put through, they're all good!
Omfg I'm gonna pretend I don't know what you're talking about x3
Baker "Enterprise #cloud is about operating in a #hybrid world #saas, #hosted & #onpremise" … and still make money
Time for practice!! :)
Looking for problem-solving/puzzle iPad games for my 7yo. Happy to take suggestions
Child #3 home today puking. Glad he took the puke bucket with him in the car for school pickup so Child #4 could make use of it.
The #Loudoun morning sun painted a picture in grass. Its rays melted frost in hardy swaths to reveal a once in a lifetime mural in motion.
Some British ethicists don't have a problem with abortion after birth!
RT : Cookbook Camp session #2 will be starting in April. 5 weeks of nothing but cookbook writing talk. Learn more...
10 bucks says I'm crying myself to sleep tonight. Sweet.
we did!
The father who does not teach his son his duties is equally guilty with the son who neglects them.
Growing up me, my bro & Sis were all geminis, so I always had to share my parties with them, now I throw them for y'all!
come visit us at dreamjobmusic.com! Hope to see everyone at the show tomorrow! Rise and Shine!
So what get drunk?
you don't even know me
ur mother is starting to grow her greys in her fur smhh I'm sad but I will try my best to look ssssssiiiccckkeeenningg!
Counting my blessing early in the am
I wish Gleeson were here (meaning there)
i cant wait to get my car window flag Happy new yaer to all SEA SHEPHERD GO FULL FORCE
This movie is so entertaining. When does the bird die?
done and done!
Some people are never wrong.
Yes. Good info that crosses industries too. Applies to health care & privacy.
Looks to me like it's gone rain !.
keep walking. Ain't no one got time for that.
That means you too (even though I said "they").
LOL! RT Labor Day message from is like a Christmas Card from the devil.
Thanks for the follow, Dale!
Company meeting in Syracuse today and tomorrow... At a bowling alley today!
RT : Hey, folks, let's get #RyanKennedy trending. 9-year-old #Tigers fan with brain cancer, in hospice; something he wished for.
last day of being a nanny. Had such a great time but now reality sets in. Back to the job hunt!
Adam Viniteri speaking at #ExactTarget, #twitter event; says he loves #Indy and heard no complaint bout !
Follow Two of my fav dj's RT : Looking for a Mate? Stay Off That Clearance Rack... Only TOP SHELF! <U+E105>
Kings of #Party Rock
#TheyNeed2BringBack respect. Kids now a days dont have any.
lolz time to milk the cow haha i luv u and ur videos watch them all the time:)
Damn lol, that's pretty deep in left. You can probably sneak down to 107 though. If I see you, Imma say whaddup.
what's your mp3 email address i want to service you with my hip-hop recording artist precise latest joint "shot's fired'
Yes! RT : ' Jason Franey: next year!
Still working hard in twitter building on new TV show about FMG TV and twitter. Editing takes forever to get it tight hard job. I love it :)
Just watched #ILostMyMind ...the chief security guard was hilarious!!
I've thrown an imaginary shield about 85 times since yesterday
Sunday supper. Shepards pie, wedge salad, house dinner rolls. 14.95. 1/2, and full carafes of of wine. Vegetarian available.
lol I wasn't this pale a few months ago
I need a long break from the school of mass comm.
N light a candle *flicks lighter*
you're so funny i love listening to you
since when to you drink white wine?! I thought it was vodka all the way... #classy as long as it's not from a box
1/2 marathon was good but we mostly walked since we did for charity w/ a bunch of older women. Wanna do again and run it all.
Many people can tell the pain just by looking at my eyes . .. Ready to go home
As if tearing down my bulletin boards wasn't enough. This week bulletin board has scorch marks. Somebody trying to set it on fire?
Sure is looking like a nice insurance policy/ attractive rotation option for 2013+
Kentucky kicking they ass out there
Metaphor: Its efficacy verges on magic, and it seems a tool for creation which God forgot inside one of His creatures when He made him J.OyG
dear lord of all things holy
that's a relief. I was stressed. The menu is going to be a surprise. But here's a hint. We're having bacon.
Also we walked to the office barefoot AND uphill in the snow both ways
Depressing song for a beautiful day, no? -Shitstain
Co-workers can't believe I'm doing tomorrow's San Diego Food Swap. It didn't seem that weird to me. Until now.
Thanks to everyone whos supporting this club via #followback near and far, your support is welcome!
I'm a honey badger. Watch it!
"Hghway to Hell"
your still #1 in my world :)
Ethier- time to earn the superstar contract/money you want. Don't dissapear like last year.
Bah! sounds horrible from my cell. And what time does it start?
Working with CodeIgniter to implement a shopping cart class. It is lacking SSL support, however it is an excellent framework none the less.
Retweet if you are having a great Monday!
It's almost New Year's, that time of year once again to resolve to stop doing next year all the things you couldn't stop doing this year.
I love Watching Operation Repo
Delicious vegan chicken available today! Get some in your lunch special!
Anyone else have tickets to opening day for the ? CC: , , , , ,
Thank u so MUCH FOR FOLLOWING ME AND TAKIN UR TIME TO DO THT!u made my Night I WILL NEVER FOR GET THIS I EVEN WROTE IT DOWN!!
2-0, 0.90 era. I think I'm gonna be ill.
i love finding things i have been looking for for months.
My mind is blowing with diva genius ;) thx bonnie! MT : My work is done! RT : Finally getting drinks with !
Making a playlist for my soon to be baby sister... Most of it is from the Hide Em In Your Heart CD by
Okay, Spotify, you're pretty cool.
What a great week! Lots of closings coming, sold properties, and a couple of big announcements coming!
Telangiectasias can at times develop as part of systemic illness. Patients with chronic liver diseaseSpider Angiomas .keloidsurvey.com
ewww test! What providence do you live in canada?
smh man can I live? sh*t is bogus
Yeah, please don't do that. I used to read your blog. You need to get back on that.
please keep me posted for tweetups!
Penn State University officials and their PR damage control is astoundingly poor, every day that goes by is a new fuck up.
#followFriday, just followed 40 interesting people in RVA! go local is my theme this week, next week the world!
Stay positive.
WSU's President Gilmour on now speaking about new admission standards.
how can you tell anyway? O.o
I #dislike being home alone.
Rep. Richards: "I would not be proud of this budget."
we're talking statistics today at
2nd person bothered me at 1st but eventually won me over. now in next section. hoping it will also win me over.
THE STRIP IS BACK!! 934 WINCHESTER ROAD!! GRAND OPENING THIS SATIRDAY!! ALL NEW 21+ CLUB/STRIP CLUB!!
Raise your hand if you're getting finger banged right now! Unless you're doing it yourself, then by all means, rock on with your bad self
you for visiting us and for your work on behalf of education!
Bein dead broke is the root of all evil
And its beautiful! Woo hoo! You brought the sun! RT : lol Jun I'm in Pittsburgh
Getting ready for my Giants to win
Retweet this if yu LOVE YUR FANS!!! because we support everything yu do and love yu no matter what! Yur so inspiring to me and others.IFLY 6
Lame. Also, what's wrong with Rickie's hand? He's wearing an oven mitt out there.
Glad u didnt cluck it up MT : my first public speaking experience on Urban Agriculture, chickens, goats, and bees
SO to for a great game tonight. She can bend em like Beckham.
Posted In opening a boutique
what u sipping on?
#saddayforlunch #Ithought wewerevalentines ...I have a #confession too... I'm cheating on you with a different set of
if you aint never heard about me then ask yo bitch about me !
Hello Hump Day! A (short-lived?) calm after the #Mango storm...feels good to be able actually read my emails today!
You fronting with yr glossy and weird shit
All hell, the Saints GM went Lester Freamon and wire tapped opposing coaches headset communication. Oh man!
ChrisAudyssey - hi Chris, thanks for following!
RT Register your 9-11 programs...at www.serve.gov Choirs offer us moments of reflection and permeate the fabric of our culture
at least it's not a shut out... #silverlining?
playing micro stakes at Bellagio.
:) thank you!
Help me get to 25,000 followers by June 5! Please retweet -
I guess that would be okay. Though that will be one of only one or two drinks I have. FUN!
Wow! We just sold a policy for $81 every 6 months! Get a free quote and find out how low we can get your insurance!
just landed in Billings. Beautiful scenery coming in. Bluffs, rivers, a dam.
would have been useful 2 years ago when i was dating a lot and looking for a job!
verily, that each subsequent day be known as PON, unto the third iteration, whereupon WEY shall be the time until the cycle repeateth again
Happy Birthday! :)
Was the pilot's name Rolf?
you still up ?
aka taking cheap shots.
wait did you say sugar ray?
there is a primitivo that is drinking at its prime right now! It's practically throwing plates out the window
The shade.
I miss the gym for only ONE day, and I feel horrendously FAT. :'c
Just because you can do a certain social media or digital marketing tactic doesn't mean you should
Dirk just got put on a poster. Ha
It's a must when it's Astros vs. Marlins!
you in the club buyin bitches drinks at the bar. i'm out front gettin head in the car.
Gotta love social media! Pink pink pink #GCB kindle... Please be mine? :)
Good morning
Money cant buy happiness. Do you live in America? Money buys a waverunner. Have you ever seen a sad person on a waverunner?
very exciting! Keep us in the loop! Will we see you at next week's SMCHI event?
Yeah - already! :) So glad to hear you are well!! Thanks for all the support. It really means so much!
agreed! Excited for you :)
If you don't have moves like Jagger,you are STILL allowed to dance...
Live tweeting from Prof. talk at University of Chicago.
What did they put up your ass this morning.
How could the alleged corruption at Southwestern College and Sweetwater have gone on for so long?
We can live without religion and meditation, but we cannot survive without human affection.-Dalai Lama
Gorgeous, but I could never wear it. #brarequired :(
Dressed up all professional. I don't even know nothing about this.
Finnish Gala March 31st! Contact us to find out more/ purchase tickets!
Office? You mean
. The Continuing Adventures of Sponge Bob?
LOL, we bought a new sofa that is so comfortable I fall asleep on it almost every night then wake up at 3am. Not good!
i need to stop going to bed past my bedtime. and what did i click on for twitter to recommend i follow the ?
Good busy. Meeting w kathy and alex at 1130 then TM bd @ noon
or what happens when you drink too much of said coconut water
Quit eating pork recently. A lady next to me at the potluck said she stopped eating pork too. She had ham on her plate. *facepalm*
Dont give me a reason to Dislike You moree dude !
I think u are. I'm 30 & pretty sure I was the youngest this past year.
Yo..got some new songs on my myspace, check it out! www.myspace.com/kkal21
We are going to be out in full force today for Milwaukee day! Need a ride? Call 414-272-RIDE or flag us down!
Rockies on the board first with homer from Tulo! Need a win tonight boys for many reasons.
i have an announcement to make... im flushin the rest of my weed and pouring out these beers... im devoting my life to sobriety
Yes! Presenting on experimental narrative Fri and talking about my book with Jaded Ibis authors Sat. Would love to connect.
Miami hello
I really want some Thai food today.
This girl really annoys me.
Sea horse sea shell party, who didn't invite me?
Its free this year. Anyone can come
Comic Oasis Brings the Awesome.
I wanna save you tonight... <U+2665>
it's online day-of, too, so you could simulwatch. would love yr tweets!
New days new times don't regret any minute of it or any second make more good memories then bad. but make them something worth doing;)
I HAVE SO MUCH HOMEWORK. And I'm not even home yet. Blahblah whatever. Thank the Lord I have ! Loveya'sistah. Mygoodness.
#TeamOKC I'm jumping on their band wagon and I don't give a fuck if u hating on me
GoIng 2 haVe a FffaAabbB weekend..! Wo0o0o SaCt0Wn, its beEn a MiN....! eXCiTed t0 HiT uP dOWn t0WN with my bro & sis n law 2NiTe..!
Excited to explore L.A. Noire accuracy with a side-by-side screening with vintage 1940s street footage at the Archives Bazaar
ha well what are you hurting from then:p?
one step closer to mastering the art of operational, personal, and strategic networking; three distinct forms that serve aspiring leaders
Text HEALING to 91944 for FREE VITAMINS at Hieber's Pharmacy!
sad things when sadness settles in
Hear! Hear! Totally rocked it. // RT: Amazing tonight, sir. Kudos to a brilliant performance.
skinny boy, but i do it large like a 3x
Hahaha smh lol I post a lot of lyrics for those who don't know, lol so if ya assume #MakesYouLookStupid , please ask before assumptions
Hard up for re-tweets? Here's a tip: Just open a second account and re-tweet your own shit.
hey front row amy. Why is that seat next too you always empty? Do you have a bf lol.
WEE have entertainment line up Ishe, Lanee Battle, Ooh La Salsa Dancer, and much more! come out 7/30 9-1pm Marcket Creek Plaza
A good day, today. Always cool to roll on to Tuesday, though! I can smell the weekend, already!
Thanking GOD for another day,cuz it could b worse
u too! Until we meet again!
Why do you think I always carry a big purse? ...so the little yorkies and mini-poodles will fit.
Asians drive asian made vehicles. If Jamaica manufactured cars would you see Jamaicans / Islanders driving them. (Just an observation...)
Another lovely experience with IFBs.
I dont think that was suppose to happen.... Oh well ......(*Kanye Shrugs*)
lol that kinda work..u know V+P
why did I not ever check it out!!!! I didn't want to be greedy. Lol.
Great night catching up with School in the Woods director Tony Fox! :D
hahah ohmy. We need to leave in like 10 minutes.
Morton's: Best. Salad. Ever. The house salad, the one dripping with bleu cheese dressing.
Teen Volunteer of the Month will be announced at OC3 today!
nice view.
reading OPERATION REDWOOD by S. Terrell French -- wonderful middle grade novel out in April.
You've already conditioned ur brain to think ur not a morning person. Unconditioning is what u need!
new name
I believe the children are the future
Marketing costs busting your budget? this is far from the issue
If a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman around to hear, is he still wrong?
I have arrived beautiful
#HonestLEE.....im a BEAST at everything i do.
Mike Piazza caught going 86 in a 40 mph zone
Can you be, be the one for me..... thats all i have should i keep on writing this song?
My nalah is officially away from me for 2 weeks :( miss her already
: Hand that man some clorox wipes lmao!!!
so excited to be working with you!
Thoughts from #completionbydesign meetings: completion pathways need to be easier for students to understand. Scale through networks.
im still debating the dates because i want someone to go with me my cousin lives in santa monica we can stay with her
I think about you all the time. "
Rack them up & Stack them UP I love them all! ": What's your favorite Texas beer?"
Are we thinking a whole Norbit track, or just a panel and keynote?
WELL YESTERDAY WAS PRETTY ROUGH.
june 1st :D
Dany has a lot of Viserys in her. Figuratively. Not literally. Anymore.
Got a white wiffle bat... no ball tho...
That makes the 100 it has on Metacritic sound slightly more reasonable to me.
tell your mom I said happy mothers day!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
WWW.TEXASUSEDAUTO.COM
:/. Smh. Well I'll prolly be back over there. I'll hit you up. Lol
Retro Babies on Planet Planet
DJ block of 1990s girlie-pop (Madonna, Paula, Janet, &Samantha Fox) just brought pleasure to my earholes.
i love when he raps:).
glad to see you're doing your part to solve the #Drupal talent shortage. Looking forward to Pascal!
Baby I hear, melodies, when your heart beats. <U+2665>
Good One! RT : This snow is blowing like crazy out there.
Don't forget! The Free Art Giveaway ends in 2 weeks, so enter before the 1st of February to be considered! melikacarr.com/11640
you coming to the SOLID crawfish boil this afternoon?
Wax on Wax off
Thanks for the follow, Miss Ann!
Dogs make life better.
Great food and decor at ! Will be a fun article to write!
happen to personally know those "egg people"
#CBJ finally won a game... Now I know God and #TimTebow do not hate us in
did you love it?
yes!:D
Omg if worlds were in Daytona next year that would be the shit.
Keep an eye out for our offer code for the sale...our rates will be 20% off for the month of March
thank you veronicaaaaaaaaa :*
EE done!!!!!!! it feels like a load has been lifted! Glory to God in the highest!
Chilling with my 103 year old aunt! I hope I'm this cool when I'm her age! :D
Will be. I'm getting my pre-game celebration on. RT : your at the game??
yeah matt and I was laughing at that!
follow me bck
Amazing win? #NYG were the beneficiary of literally the worst call in the history of sports. Douche. Hang your head low.
but back to the country of the educated, where people get robbed and they celebrate it, KNAAN
Haha tell me about it. I can't use a phone as a phone anymore. It wants to play.
Too much working this week! #exhausted <U+E410>
I think they mad cause they BROKE....smh
Hi. I miss you! Come see me! Okay? Hurry. p.s. you suck at updating your twitter. :) -xoxo-
Definitely got some fun stuff planned for our acoustic show with Craig Owens on December 18th. Who are we gonna see there?
that's just a short chapter in a long book with no ending yet. But you will be invited to the signing.
" Live, Love, Learn. Leave a Legacy " --Stephen R. Covey
I went to the one on 95th
Its impossible to get water from a person who's cup is empty. It's also impossible to get love from someone who has none to give.
Not all Democrats are Liberals, but we need the numbers... for now.
Had fun in s.a
Westside to Hollywood at 6pm is the real carmageddon.
This morning's panel was great; thanks to all who came! (I'm glad I didn't have to follow 's amazing ukelele blowout.)
So if pain is weakness leaving your body, then I just eliminated a crapload of weakness...
Did you know that Kangarros can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
Thank you for your service. The school and your mentee, in particular, benefit greatly.
R.I.P. Steve Jobs. Thanks for changing our world<3
Thanks for the follow! Follow me, I follow you!!!
Audience Q: Have any of Judy Garland's family seen the show? #SUinNYCTheater cast members don't believe they have
You're happiest while you're making the greatest contribution. Robert F. Kennedy
They have quite a way with rabbit, too!
However, if D12 goes to the Lakers. I like the chances of DWill coming to Dallas in FA if the Nets can't wrangle another star.
Kings have looked great in these playoffs! RT Unbelievable! St. Louis swept by Kings...
Suddenly find I crave instrumentals while writing. Cirque du soleil #pandora working for me big time.
Accidentally took my vegetarian husband to all-you-can-eat meat buffet where even the beans were bathed in pork grease #happyanniversarypal!
Love this weather
What Happen Love
Vergne: 2012 not a Red Bull audition - Racer
Ur come on line was, u wanna sit on my face?
Is #Google the next #Microsoft? (This is NOT a good thing).
shun the nonbeliever SHHHUUUNNNNN
So easy being part of a champion.
Pedi and mani tomorrow YAY I can't wait!
Whoo I Need To Move With Ya Lol j/k!!
I was craving larosas so I made calzones, but they didn't quite live up to my expectations.
MarketsandMarkets: Global Laser Technologies, Components &amp; Applications Market ... - MarketWatch (press release)
Union Station, its Ficelle day! Spread the word & stay hungry my friends!!!
Engine Room are so tight!!! All live playing... Records don't get made like this anymore...LIVE in the studio. and I have two of them
def! Got any sketches?
Now following!
“: lol I'll give yu a piece hahaha I don't know about a whole meal <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>”Say That Then All I Want Is A Sample <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
is drinking and broom riding illegal
And the same to you! Cheers
Ran 13 miles on the bugline this am for #mkelfmarathon training. Felt great, except that it poured on he way back.
reason 1) your a woman
I heard something about a rumor on KSR today but Matt wouldnt talk about it...no idea what the rumor is but curious.
Our 5th Annual Chili Cook-Off will be Nov 5! More details later!
Test over. Game time in 6 hours
Norfolk State was right on time for HBCUs, and maybe O’Quinn gets NBA look if he wasn’t set for 1 before. At least an invite to Portsmouth.
lmao haven't even been actin hard Change your name to lame-cris to whatever as long as you aren't besmirching name
hm men fashioned well in tights and bright colors?
Breakfast dinner with :)
Happy to be here! #GoReds ": Tonight's crowd will be the second-largest non-Opening Day crowd in #GABP history (regular season)."
That scared the fuck outta me !
don't remember, but wasn't it something about our lives sucking.
Being sick is no bueno. On top of that I think I'm losing my bestfriend.
We Gone Gang Them Okay! # MexicanStyle !
I stand with those who fight for the right to marry and pursue happiness and equality, NO MATTER one's sexual orientation.
Angels score, lead Yankees 1-0 in the middle of the 3rd inning.
If you dont follow and you need to now
Thank you, Festa friends!!
#datenight,, he wuz impressed how I lead convo bout him, tnite it's about moi entitled 20 questions. Wish me luckys
Going to tonight in Chicago. Saw them soph yr at Barrymore. Walked back to campus cuz we didn't realize how far it was
I would never pay for pussy
New year new health with preventative health care.. massage can reduce stress reduce tension release trigger points and much more!call today
what do they do with the rest of the pizza that's left over
Well shit. I forgot to do my stats homework last night. Good thing she drops our two lowest scores.
that's hilarious!
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081> girl you know <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> RT : #Gemini's are very talented, smart people.
I think I figured out our primary connection Roland Wurt Blessings M
Today in procrastinating: finally placing a picture of me as my Twitter profile pic.
as you prepare for your birthday? do you think? rumored things but I would like you to know
i gave a chick my number today and she was wearing aeropostale.. i really need to question the direction my life is going
- she had Stephen Moore and John Bolton on back to back. Its uber right-wing AND boring.
RT #Aquarius will love one but be loved by many
thanks for mentioning our fair city of Philly! PA Hort Soc has great books for community gardening; hints whole country can use.
www.theouterspacemen.com The best new graphic novel available. You have to pick one up while supplies last.
wtf is up with this weather
Join us at Patterson Park on June 30 @ 12p for 9 home dedications! We'll be on the Baltimore St side between Luzerne Ave & Lakewood Ave.
"A good idea without action is worth nothing."
Thursday, May 5: Production of Nasal Without Ocular Signs and Symptoms in an Allergen BioCube (D883) from 11:15AM-1:00PM.
Good Morning!! Welcome back to another excited Monday.. Today is the day to make new paths that will create history.
ICONic Boyz we da crew we be coming up and saying how do ya do? Apollo theater we were there also seen at madison square (c)
#FollowWhatIsItSundayNow? Because she has the same name as me! To be fair, she probably had it first. Seems pretty neat regardless!
For sure! It'll be fun :)
Happy to be back after an awesome vacation with family and friends!
Tha Breaks will put a link to my review so you can read how great I thought the DVD was, cuz it rocked and so do u!
Granite is very resistant to scratching and etching making it a great choice for flooring and countertops.
#liesthatalwaysworked "Oh nah. We're getting a divorce. No worries."
No regrets, just take a deep breath and go for it.
really?! When do they go on sale??
New brown Ford Exp just now parked in driveway at the new Extreme Makeover home in Knoxville. Reveal is at 10:15 this morning.
So annoying
YAY! RT : WOW! We just reached the 5 MILLION mark for patrons served. Thanks as always for your fantastic & continued support!
Musicians use mobile marketing to tell their fans where they'll be playing. www.zesmo.com
welp we learned somthing new about amanda or amando i should say
"Easter spells out beauty, the rare beauty of new life." S.D. Gordon
CRASH: Cornelius Pass near US 30, overturned tractor trailer and wires down on school bus
Murda she wrote...*slow wine slow wine slow wine*
RT : Answer: tax cuts RT Question I wanted to hear: What is your grand strategy for the U.S. over the next 30 years?
"Are you happy?"
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS??? I tried to find you on my lunch break here in Chitown!!
RT : Careful, that's how my friend turned into an alcoholic.
Doing body shots with Marissa & the guys! <3 HAPPY 21ST Josh!!!!! Let's all get wasted! (:
Thank you very much for the Student Writing Contest RT
thanks so much.
oh, creepy, crappy b-movies that are secretly awesome: my kriptonite!
Great #Michigan shout out during by .
Booming thunderstorms + coffee+ warm cat in my lap + a story that's on fire = perfect #amwriting day. Let it roll.
Im sorry Slim, I tried
There is no distance as far away as yesterday-download- InSpotter mobile app
ill clean :)
Feels like a good day
RT if you have feet or legs or hands!
a pretty manicure makes a perfect first impression!
thanks so much for the follow! If I can ever help with a new mattress or some new furniture please let me know!
That's good that you realized it though. Some people don't and they say it to be cool!
We also still have senior t-shirts! $10 <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
,ur just a DUMB mother fucker ! :)
When life hands me lemons...I do shots of tequila.
#Celtics 0-18 from three point land so far over the first two games...really miss Ray Allen
At setting up and uh honors college's production of Aristophanes' The Frogs. Free tickets at the door!
well hey - I'll be in Texas next Monday thru Dec 2 - come down to Austin and have thankgiving w/ jacy and I if you want!
RT : I would have to say its better to go to school then staying home.
Stop by booth today at #DCIDUG #Adobe #CS6 event in #Washington DC today and enter our booth raffle for an Apple iPod touch.
- welcome to the space party!
make sure you don't trade some ink for an old Jersey...
New CandySwipe FREE game comment in the #android market: "Luuv ett (:" by Cristina
Do you think Tulsa has good musicians/bands to offer? Tell us who you think they are...
Thank you so much! Our guests and clients are our top priority! We hope to host your future events for you!
I'm antsy for tomorrow...so glad its game day..
Have fun in class :)
lmaooo all my unfollowers are ugly middle school girls that like all my fb pics
Firework or On the FLoor or Grenade or Rolling in the Deep or Born this Way? ROLLING IN THE DEEP
Is it an autobiographical movie?!
That Soul commercial with hip-hop #hamsters and #robots #dancing to acid-induced #techno music scares me. I absolutely hate it.
wish washington can figure the debt ceiling & balanced budget w/out putting their constituents in the middle!
When you say "magic," you mean race-baiting and blaming the media for his adulatory, right?
RT : have tickets tomorrow am RT : ONE DIRECTION
Awww Zully hopefully tomrow in PE is as FUN as Today first time we all hung out
Good morning #VO tweeters! I feel like such a sleep pig. 10-hours! I'm embarrassed... just a little. :)
Well at 8 a.m. October 25, 2011 it looks like Harold Miller the elected President
Come by Bark! in Olney on Saturday btwn 12-4pm to try samples of Max & Ruffy's - including our 3 new grain-free flavors!
Bristol Palin She needs be quiet President Obama is doing the right thing
What you see is what you Get
If they target some more kid friendly activities, then I'm sure you're right.
It's so complicated :/!!
"Your shower has a terrible UI." -- things says to you when he crashes on your couch.
Kinda glad I didn't buy a Bonnaroo ticket this year, the schedule is all whack. Who puts The Civil Wars and Bon Iver on at the same time?
random stomach pains << <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
LUV makeovers RT : I'm a judge on #MillionDollarMakeover on tomorrow /6c! W/you be tuning in to catch the drama?
I feel like if ur a local artist u should always be humble cus ur not makin big money u tryin too till ur known outside ur state stay humble
Your anchor holds - always. Be blessed KI.
You'll destroy my street cred. Thanks again, and no bar fights... (just something i say, not meant as other than). Truly, MM
so just thought you should know it is one hour before you hafta wake up..and i'm just now getting in bed ;)
thanks Adam! :)
I want to give a shout-out to the Toledo Mud Hens!
Social networkers will interact with an organization that provides value and entertains, informs, instructs or educates them
It's #divetime with ya
#rip Junior Seau. Wow. Forever the hometown hero.
I just want a B. you're only like a couple of points away. You can do it!
Follow all the updates for InterActivity 2011 this week in Houston, TX with hashtag
RT from Iran: Tehran is alive with the sound of people on their balcony shouting 'Allah Akbar - Ya Hossein - Mir Hossein '
Going to be doing a photo shoot soon, again. Lol What should we do? Any themes or crazy ideas? What you guys got?
While I have not walked to his door, I have this similar conversation repetitively at most doors. Talking about real issues and...
good point sir.
no snow but nice having everyone together...
Soo excited for the Brewers game on Sunday. 350 people will be rockin purple!!
I mean that in the classiest way though. Lmao
Very sorry for you.
sissy call/txt me we gotta tlk
I went to catholic school and neighborhood kids messed with us
I love how supportive my guys friends are when I'm upset.
I wanna see!!!! “: Can't find a way to secretly photo woman w cheetah coat, zebra gloves, tiger scarf. #DCisAJungle”
I am who i am, dont judge me(;
yes very true I got one
I got you bra need email
Tomorrow is going to be amazing. I just know it.
#Beautiful. Truth.
Ben Franklin said: He that is of the opinion money will do everything may well be suspected of doing everything for money. And I will! -Trog
RT : 91% of the web will be taken over by video by 2013.
RT : Been meaning to say this: was a killing machine in Colombiana. LOVED the movie! U want action? It's no joke!
Did you know Darth Vader is a bad guy ... but he is smart?
Agreed. Here at USC, the thunderclaps were followed closely by shrieking.
Back in Jan I told a patron I wouldn't kill her for overdue items. Months later, still not here. I'm reconsidering.
Happy birthday girl! Hope it's a great one!!
Never before has it been so important to be grounded and intentional and to know what's important.
Thank you! See you all soon!
Love Wade's accent ah
#Lakerfans hahahahahahahaha (sinistervoice) lol maybe next time...good game..we gave ya'll a lil' hope and then took it back. lmbo
sadly lol for a minute there I felt like Justin Bieber
I hear too many people saying "Junior Seau NEVER missed a game with a concussion." Means little, possibly nothing.
An invigorating day of moviemaking with the women. Characters, timeline, plot structure all falling into place -- and beauty tips to boot.
Can't trust anyone anymore.
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. (Abraham Lincoln)
#waystomakemehappy even if I know you don't, try to take an interest in the shit I enjoy
Woke up this morning to news Donald Duck Dunn passed. Going to pull a couple records to play this evening in remembrance. Play on, friend!
doh im a terrible joke teller im more funny when im just shooting the shit lol
That's cause u don't follow it...UFC main event tonite was 2 top 10 contenders, check numbers Monday
too bad! That is def the future!
No idea. Awesome shot though!
Just got done delivering catering to 2 different places in Greenwood that's right Scotty's Brewhouse Downtown goes EVERYWHERE! Love it!
Same with me in soccer, every Summer Olymp - oh wait... :(
My little cousin thinks that British people are mythical creatures. THERE'S a future genius.
: You helped me thru dark hours, Video Americain (Charles Village location).
yes. I always knew you were a nerd but now I can categorize and profile you as a calendar nerd
you left me for a girl who didnt even want yo ass. how dumb do you look.
Bam. Mr. Barnes
Links are up for every game tonight on the NHL go to www.watchnhllive.com register and gain full access to all your hockey games enjoy!!!!
Everything can have a positive spin. #erl12 Does positive spin include laughing at the absurdity of it all sometimes?
I'm not at all sure intentionally putting the disadvantaged on your rich former neighbors doorstep is doing any good at all.
Ah sunshine!!
Welcoming Hulu and Pandora back into my life. Almost forgot they existed
Where I need improvement: technology, assignments for students who finish early, PD, and classroom management
"Want people not to notice your ums? Be interesting." I like that. Enjoying and finishing up 's book Um...
Got her bein lowkey my bros always blessing the bitches dat is...
Love David West's passion. He was a MAN at Xavier back in the day
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> I'm wide awake
IKR!!!!! im a super fan!! thanks 4 noticing!
what is your favorite photo of cameron boyce? Post it!
Only would tell us to trend #BOYFRIEND10DAYS at 3am in Texas lol :) #cantwait!
Lovely lunch chats at Next up is making the case for hybrids. ( still not a fan of that name, but the idea is awesome)
You can count on it. Plenty of Frog madness and Sandbar action that weekend.
Your work is truly inspiring! Thanks for following me. :)
Music soothes my soul
Life's goes on and so do you.
Next up, Kathy Vinson of Suffolk, who teaches legal writing. Talking about communication, cooperation, and collaboration.
Any of you Nashville folks going to the Downtown Art Crawl tonight?
I can't think of anything more boring than watching "How it's made". How bout watch a show about how to do something you can actually do?
Favorite non pornographic magazine to master bate to
thank you! I booked that particular show through Stella Jay Model Management :)
So bored
Did it hurt when you fell from heaven(;
I can't come to work today. My car's airbag deployed while I was driving. I think it was because I was going about 85 and abruptly hit a ...
thanks bro!
Watching Sixers-Bulls... doing a great job on the mic
Blown away by the response to pre orders. We've almost reached our goal and it's only day two. God is so faithfull. Thanks so much everyone.
The Knicks were not tough at all. And I said this. Indy has that
Watched an 8 foot alligator swim by our deck on vacation this morning. Very cool. We're not going to go wading here, though. :)
part of your world.
E-mail me at nhusain14[at]gmail, if you have more questions. I went through a LOT of pro-con lists.
None of the grannies who reviewed this state quarter folio on Amazon mentioned that it had no slot for Puerto Rico. Thanks, racist grannies.
Hey tony.. I'm Tyler i mean Tyler wtf...
Thank you!
best of luck today at demo day. Represent hard!
haha who are you married to? I know, this is a tough one :P
RT : . just had their fastest day of 2012! They're on pace 2 finish late this week& break the female speed record
Chicago Couture Fashion Show.
you need to update your status from Wonderland. LOL.
Finally in San Antonio! Now eating a late lunch!(:
Simple pleasure is having your dog look up at you from your lap.
Just arrived in Colorado Springs. It's a balmy 25 degrees outside. Not snowing today, thankfully.
There's no need to lie, just "Act" in real life! Kidding! Jeez! ;)
Custom Designed #Postcards for Your Business Only $50! Call Today!
MITB had a great element of intrigue but not near the level as this PPV
“ "We may have all come on different ships, but we’re in the same boat now." #MLK”
Same here...I am not really to sure how to use it, looks like I will have to invest some time in teaching myself!
Watching the #SOTU again... just because...everything else can wait
GUYS!! FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!! FOR THE 5TH TIME!!! FOLLOW ME BACK1!!!!!
Sorry about that.
You not all that just cause yo ass fat :/
Celebrating success stories from the past year. Our students have been accepted to: Tulane, Roanoke, Elon, ODU, Univ. of Michigan...
Haha I know. I've lose the twaddiction that I had. RT you're barely on twitter lol :)
FREE Consultation by appt only
That was fast!! Awesome!!
is getting big everyday follow yall
Erickson gets Molitor, Yount and Cooper to start this game. Doesn't happen often! No score in Minnesota.
I hope POTUS reads your posts.
oh okay you better be dont have me come spank you
If im late. Im tellin my mom bj better wake up earlier, or we're leaving him..
haha, maybe i will! Maybe I could make a windsail and wear it like a big shirt...
well thank you!
you've been down now its time to Get Up :)
Ugh go to bed, zinester. Thanks, KUNM for playing some badass music tonight! Nos da . . .Z
#DearGod thank you 4 another day to pursue my passions & fulfill my purpose. Give me the patience to deal with people & a heart of humility
#ItsAmazingHow Someone that makes more money than you can still be jealous of you!! I guess money can't buy everything!!
Hell hot weather
there will be refreshments of my finest tapenade and a creamy soufflé for dessert!
Ppl Damn ppl! YE
Bitch Please, You Went From Duck Duck Goose, To Fuck Fuck Loose. You Went From Ring Around a Rosie, To Fucking All These Homies
we could grab a coffee tomw, early afternoon? Does that work at all?
ah haha omg I haven't even done it yet -.- I think I'm not going to do the RD, just the FD lol.
I'm going to send some your way...i don't think I have you a parting gift ne ways lol
when you put it like that neither can I
It's International Women's Day so I'm cooking dinner fo' my man to celebrate.
most definitely.
come party in south beach tonight :)
Thanks for hopping right on that report! As for the other request, hm...
And it's people like me who make the NFL so wealthy.
Joey is too good for that show!!! He can do loads of other stuff instead (IMO) :-)
watching cold case
#confessionnight ... One of the reasons why I wear so many bracelets is cause i feel like I have weird wrists...
Happy Friday to you!
Taking me forever to read Mockingjay. Omg.
so glad the weekend is here..hope everyone has a great one!<U+263A>
I was born alone and....
D: hahaha that can't be true
I swear u still owe me some panera bread lol
How many years ago did that come out, like 4? Also those who are unaware, that is how much anime used to be priced. $30-$40 for 2-4 eps.
Off to the #ScienceExpeditions! Will YOU be there?
HAPPY WEDNESDAY!!!
beer bash
There would be yard work for me to do as soon as I got home
Play games and lose.
ESPN needs to clean house! The question is who do you start with, Digger or Bobby Knight?
thanks for the update Lis!
You greedy fuck.
The family is frosting Christmas cookies and I'm just watching.
starting to realise richpublican ideas don't work. About damn time!
I also can't wait to be in a bunch of ridiculous commercials!
I. Love. You. SO. Much.
Rock will probably ganna be so stupid he will write his notes on his forehead oh wait he won't he will have his assistant do it
We are too!! RT “: Looking forward to TV powered by !”
thanks bud! got one working now!
YURI, audition with me for TopCollab :DD
Testing Twitter API
No I did not fart.
RT We support u support us! I don't support the sleep on the job, be rude to customers, pay more get less #MBTA slogan :(
#nowplaying Eminem feat Rihanna-Love the way you lie
he should gain some of that back
:) Thanks 4 the support
Thanks Beenie! He should be fine with the antibiotics!
The lines were installed using eminent domain and/or government right of way.
Maverick Graphic Novel Committee always wears capes & masks @ conference. My 2nd time to don mine. I like being a superhero!
#prsawebinar Do you have any examples of social media succession plans? I think I need to move ours from my desktop to the server!!
Thanks for the feedback! We were so busy focusing on the service, it seems we forgot the obvious....lol. All updated. Thanks!
"It's legendary, we got Etta James featured on there, so it's crazy.". —Flo Rida told MTV News about the collaboration
What I meant was this guy is fantastic, not some Humber shit.
The Steve Williams chatter about Tiger begins...
Acoustic instruments are pointless.
Was in the area of Roosevelt/Canal about a couple hours ago. Didn't go there to see the trains though.
Brr its chilly out
Studio 164 is Open! Stop by and Say Hi! Lots of new stuff at great prices for October!!! See you Soon!
would love to get in touch with you and write about your commercial. Please email us at if interested
who wants to whip their hair with me? ;) reply to this if you do :D
just proves military wives/moms can do it all. Don't think my husband would attempt the drive with even 2 of our kids.
Very Soon :-) RT : I got all excited for a sec b/c I thought this tweet referred to Brandon's music! :-/
No comprendo chemistry ):
i doing it big
Masturbatory schedule is ok but shark week is off limits?!? Color me confuzzled. Apologies, m'lady. Xoxo
Ran it today. I'm tired. Thanks though!
RT : Make that special day more stress free by checking out our wedding showcase group.
its birthday today and it would mean the world to her if you followed her! :)
I hope you're not tweeting and driving.
if you thought NPR would say somehting about Juan Williams' comment, you don't know who they are.
i thought it was 2 Moro. Ok I'm there!
just did your survey ...interesting
Great convo w/ my cousin #iMiss her I guess I'll be going to #MorenoValley nxt week :)
all 3 of them were :)
You will live in Apartment. You will ride in a Red Helicopter. You will marry Jordashian and have 13 kids.
you're roommates are the best! What a gesture! Mime offer to buy me coffee in the AM sometime but that's my extent! <U+E10E>
i put my phone on airplane mode and threw it in the air worst transformer ever
Just got back home..was Justin on Ellen already?!!!??
So tired, thank god I'm only working 4 hours today
Let me know your graffiti picture
"#immigration was never an issue until these men made it an issue," says woman from Alabama
FOLLOWING YOU BRUH BRUH.. FOLLOW BACK :D
": (706): Screw them and thier engaged asses. I've got liquor to drink and boys I don't know to make out with."
all good points and they may point to poor mgmt, but not necessarily corruption. seems rather tame compared with SWC or SUHSD
Expeditious Process Servers in Sacramento, CA 916-509-0677
OKAY sounds good! Then Bring it to school...so I can get that on a flash drive!
Thanking God 4 blessing me with a new day. :)
Teehee! RT "Everyone wants my seal approval, instead of my walrus of condemnation."
Any fans? "Safe & Sound" from the movie soundtrack w/ & is coming up soon!
Had a gr8 time, thx for the opportunity to taste the wines, esp. the delicious cool climate Syrahs!
: Devote yourselves to PRAYER with an ALERT MIND and a THANKFUL HEART. Colossians 4:2
Thanks for the interview link tweet shout-out! :)
As it turns out, a lot of those opinions aint worth rat shit. Looks like you have a bunch of worthless opinions.
SINGING FOR THE PRESIDENT amazing BELIBER FOREVER!
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 48
people please train your dogs the right way
#GiantsMobile Do Something!!!
10% OFF meal w/ drink (not valid during Home Game Weekends) at Po Boys. Only w/ a
Faith is put to the Test at the point that all seems helpless! Believe to Persevere!
- just saw you all over American Idol tonight! Amazing job! So much fun!
Its that time of the year !!
ya all of that and getting your college applications started especially your essay
Who's in your final 4? I got Ky, Uconn, KU, Pitt.
Snow coming in on Thursday. :( It's not a good winter for those who work outside. Praying that some indoor jobs come in for K.
ok good night
So proud of for winnig last night I love you <3 Biebs
if you dont follow me im telling ur mom!(:
We just spent 5mins talking Chicago mix popcorn and why the caramel is always on the bottom, its heavier than the cheesy.
lol too late for that...
#Jamboree Breakfast with Thomas MacEntee "21st Century Marketing for #Genealogy Societies.
TRAFFIC: Disabled Vehicle In Traffic - NB Stoughton Rd under the Beltline bridge
Still planning blogging/tweeting of Inaug. Some details to work out still.
Posted in vip wit
Some days I just wanna be left alone.
huh, interesting choice. america is waiting with baited breath... and watching a guy in a t-shirt text and do a sound check.
more sweet boots ?!
nun wanted u to come outside but u not home
lol...if i could really type, I would have over 1 million tweets by now for sure!
Your right man! Neighbor's are real close. Sucks big time. I'll be doing some acoustic covers soon at a friends house.
Cool, rainy day... I'll take it.
Make sure you have July 10th at the Hard Rock Nashville marked down in your calendar! Gonna be a great show :)
LIVE #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Invest...Everything In Maintaining & Protecting Anything You Love."
hahahahahaha oh bless
Why thank you!
good, I love it too! Sorry it took me so long to reply, I've been doing homework nonstop haha
yeah huh!
Bachelor on The Bachelor (while stepping off of a helicopter) - "These more down to earth dates are nice!"
cool, I'll see you there
Fabulous.... But what about the "Calendar Invites" and "Meeting Makers"?
Carl Jung, via Manfred Kets de Vries: "The least of things with meaning is worth more in life than the greatest of things without it"
the playoffs will do that to you!
Tweet about you everyday, but never does a tweet come my way,
OVER A MILLION!!!!<21
Make your optimism come true. ~Author Unknown~
split a 1.54.9 in the 800 free relay, not too bad for a breaststroker
What is the best lake in Wisconsin to spend a summer day at?
You don't sag pants for niggas too see the belt you tuck your shirt in
'Hell & Back Again' nominated for #Oscar! Congrats + thx for exposing real traumas of war, returning home.
You are terrible at singing. Hehe! JK! HAPPY APRIL FOOLS DAY!(;
I never use the rt shift button. Id much rather press the left shft with my left pointer and reach over with my rt hand
I'm Hungry
Ahh you're a sweetheart :)
well, it's on FB too, so she might see it. She was wondering why you stopped texting her as well.
Everyone says I am a happier person but for some reason I don't feel like it !! :/
CAN YOU PLEASE BE MY FIRST FOLLOWER!!!!
Weird. Mine works just fine in Chrome.
I am not mad at you I'm just jealous.
Donna and Joey are going to be working in the shop today, and if your furry mate has their ich on, we are here to help..fleas beware!! :P
by the way its #wuwednesday in honor of Ol' Dirty - Now Playing Brooklyn Zoo
Would you like to join us and learn more about playing the piano?
Strengthen your close by anticipating potential objections the audience may have and providing solutions to them.
Omg :') I wanna cry for #Adele . I don't care what anyone says, I'm her biggest fan!
A good head and a good heart are always a formidable combination. - Nelson Mandela
New Rule: Passive aggressive behavior learned on twitter should not be used at home.
can u follow back please? Thanks!!
Congrats Big Time Rush is the number 1 TT! YES! :D
Medicine Discounts - Save up to 45% - Pathmark - AZITHROMYCIN TAB -
Put the lover of justice to shame with your compassion. - Saint Isaac of Syria
Also... we love when people say thank you! So thank you for saying thank you!
If you want to impress me, bring me cheese itz, but not the school kind they taste like dirt. (The ones from the school store are good tho)
Gotta get this day started
what link when I applied for them and I have know link:/x
thank you for following us
Well if I was in your position, I'd put down all my ammunition, I'd wondered why'd it taken me so long.
Don't U Hate When Someone Asks U To Do Something Then Complain On How U Do It? UH, BITCH I AINT HAVE TO DO SHIT 4 U IN THE FIRST PLACE, TF?!
RT #live4theholidays for a chance to win an Amex gift card. Winner selected daily Must follow to win
Amare SUCKS! Injury or no injury the man has horrible hands and cannot pass for shit
At the lake watching H town!
agrees pere is the beer that changed the way we look at GI..our fave of their belgian bottles offerings fa sho
It's nice to have a job where you're actually bummed instead of thrilled when your boss doesn't come in. Mine works harder than any staff.
#FF Runners w/ words of encouragement
Free Math Help is being offered at the Main library on March 4th and 25th at 2pm. All ages are welcome and no registration is necessary.
I rather enjoyed that. Thanks.
So excited!!!!
Cocktails is on the rooftop gardens tonight! Countdown to 5:30 begins...
last pt, he was out partying/dancing the nt after elimination. If that'd been melo he would've been crucified.hegotapass
This Annie is excited to hear about Fall 2012!
Thanks for the mention!
Things are fantastic. The Missouri sun is shining and im breathing. Things are looking good.
Sasha baron K 4 role in the richie farmer movie
more doom and gloom at De Lange: "The public perception of higher education is at a low point" (waiting for the turn in the talk)
It's Friday! TGIF! What are your weekend plans?
Seek the lofty by reading, hearing and seeing great work at some moment every day. ~ Thornton Wilder
show tonight @ the London Billiards & Club Oasis Worcester, MA with Lost In The Paradox, Bomb Pilot, Outa-my Mind, and ROOT NINE 8pm $10 18+
Congrats to Kamin Personett for winning the 2 FREE ticket contest to the Radio 104.5 5th Birthday Celebration show!!!
The US is the only place where you see obese ppl in a line for "starving people". How are the hungry, the homeless, the unfed, so fat?
No need to guess - just look at those gorgeous pics! YOWSER =D #salsa shaking sistahs!!! HA!
I NEED A DRINK!!
Don't get me wrong, UW is the best school ever, but sometimes I wish I went to a southern school...
A plan creates creditability giving courage to those who carry it out.
Of wood extracted from forests, 53% is used for energy production, 28% used by sawmills. Only 11% is used by the paper industry
wow this is crazy sometimes :'D
I wouldn't forgive you, then again I can be a bitch sometimes
Magic's group getting the for $2B! Guess they're not afraid of the MLS taking off in the US and ousting MLB
The sun is out!!
Great time on the #TakomaPark house tour this afternoon. I love the fact that TP houses are mostly shown in their natural, lived-in state.
All I want to do is golf
omg im so sorry, we can now. :) my cousins here tho, if you dont mind..
Producer/Songwriter Eric Ayers came through Silverwood tonight to work on a song for gospel legend, Dorothy Norwood's new project
"I'm never naming my child Dick" - my 13 year old sister
#ThingsICantLiveWithout chocolate my bible, & romantic movies
This is worse than the time the raccoon got in the copy machine.
Rangers vs. Capitals. 3OTs. This game feels like it might go on forever. I'd be OK with that.
Come to the One to One Rockin ' Rally tonight! SD#1 NKY, 5:00 Fun Food Fabulous Doorprizes!
Congratulations ! Hooray for real jobs!
Mention me if u love texting
Ready to lay down
Little does , he and I are going to have our very own Madonnathon.
me either
My boys our on my mind like crazy. lord plz keep them safe and I know everything happens for a reason and now I truly see the Man he is
“Whoever thought a tiny candy bar should be called fun size was a moron.” <U+2015> Glenn Beck
Why couldn't league do this when we were winning last week
I don't want him working period. Rumor has it GS5 found him dead asleep yesterday somewhere in the garden.
Thought I already had but I had not. Now I have! :) , I think you're awesome and I wish you weren't eliminated!
What section you in lovey?
Me and my dad are huge fans it's his birthday can I get a retweet
Only Nigga In First Class
A hour away from DC
Used to watch the Dick Van Dyke Show on Nick at Nite.
This is going to be a very VERY long day.
ha ha! ;) good one
E-Waste scares us over
#FF to my lovelies that make me smile every day :)
haha awhh last weeks ep of secret life was so cute <33
yes completely
I feel you because your always up on your feet hope you got your rest: ) xoxoxoxoxo
Every time!
As soon as I get the information I will try !!
I can't go either , it sucks that we are this far away from cali...
that's my favorite lunch spot and I've never seen you there once!
Happy Mother's Day and future mama's
Stuck in bed with Kelly. She's got her legs locked around me with a vice grip. Pays off to be hot when your girlfriend is cold... :-)
yeah, it should match fine!
YOU! Appalachian accent so that you can do WHAT?! This is why I love you!
If Obama likes Story of the Year i'm sure he would like us. Maybe he can fire the corrupt ohio gov't and hire us!
Once I'm yours; I'm yours forever.<3
yea that is really cool. I only watched it cuz of nick jonas haha. It was good tho, i just didnt know what was going on.
A people-pleasing personality is more of a curse than a gift in my book.
you worry bout the wrong things.. #behappy #findfaith!
Your goal should be to ask the Lord to straighten you out and remove anything that is not like Him.
Fieke, thanks for recommending me for FollowFriday. I just joined your list of followers!
Sexy all-day no makeup add only gloss you feel me ahaa still the best
But you're cooler than the guys in here!
Sunday hangover
#FF to our favorite Old Style bars, and
(Konrad Adenhauer) We all live under the same sky, but we don’t all have the same horizon.
yeah i didnt really get that part either. maybe if they could do simple math they could have prevented this?
Welcome back #pbc12! Have coffee on H&H Book Pros if your the first 5 to mention this tweet at their booth for a FREE $10 Starbucks card!
lol when is it?!
Only I could go to a bar with 3 guys and leave by myself hahaha... Such is my life lol
After we get pizza hut. I'm hungry
RT HULK WANT CAR RUN ON THORIUM LASER BUT NO THINK THOR GIVE UP HAMMER FOR FUEL. GET HAIRCUT HIPPIE!
just in Chris "birdman" Anderson was breastfed until around 3 years of age...now he's addicted to child porn, do the math America..!!
Hope you all have been appreciating your mothers these past few days actually everyday you should be! They brought you to life! Be thankful!
Osama Bin Laden is dead
I think I was drugged. WEESNAWWW.
: something is stopping me from Following you back.. I dunno what's up.
NHL 11 demo out!!
Much appreciated RT : You are welcome. I love you food !!!! Keep up the great work!!
Quick 7-0 run to start the game!
To me, this infographic just shows that we're dedicated to our craft, and the brands we work with. #NotABadThing?
#Bananas #Charlotte. Welcome #Chiquita to the Queen City. The city you can't resist.
but its good becauseyour dreams are just dreams
Congrats to and for winning #trivia! Ruth Wakefield invented the C in the 1930's on accident. Best accident ever!!!
Who's Grace?
WISH I WAS AT HOME MAKIN BEATS!
Probably could make more money braiding and kinky twisting... Just don't have the patience!
I don't mind, it's the
This wknd in FTL we've got Polka Dots & Pearls tonight & is in the house Saturday for GI Joes & Military Hoes
thanks for the follow! Look forward to working with you!
RT marketing & social media GURU ~100,000+ Friend/connections! Don't miss out, follow him!
I completely forgot about it! We found the certificate, so it's all legit there. I'll send you an email about it.
Solo lunch with Achebe's THINGS FALL APART, lovely!
that's what it seems like, but yet the rhetoric around the whole thing is "what about the farmers?"
Heading to on Sat. for a show with Happy to perform the tunes featuring from Boca's new album!
sending you a dm :)
thank you!
hello friend
Why is finding a belt SO hard??
Weather is so nice today in NY, feels like summer!!<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
I just looked at a video on NipplesAndNuts.com and realized I need to find my vibrator--- Plz Message Me
Hahahahahaha! I made fun of Demecio for using then instead of than! *high five* Kat!!! ;) <3333333
#Iamgrateful for all of those who have chosen to connect with me on this Twitter platform.
why ultra critical?
Okay I'll Send It As Soon As I Get A Chance(:
Ice cream, a movie, then bedtime #GoodnightBeautifulPeople - XavierLT.com
Great leaders practice followership. Is whistle blowing part of great followership? Visit www.mikehensley.org for more.
#HighSchoolMemories I met my first real girlfriend of 3 years strong.
My anxiety was way too bad last night...
work then hanging
well I don't want to have a party this year. So probably just like movies dinner and then a sleep over lol Idk we'll plan it.
It's a pro race. Only major teams are invited to race. I'm just going to watch it up close and personal :)
Fact: A normal American is 23 lbs overweight and has $16,000 in credit card debt.
Do you Have A boyfriend
Forever dropping my iPhone on my face. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
's advice: get the google spiders to find you! feed your online brand. own your name.
#ThingsPeopleShouldNotDo Laugh at things that Rosie O'Donell says....she's not funny...
POKER FACE!
hey you should check out some of See Jane Rock's music on facebook, I think you'll like it!
okay, thanks for letting me know! hope your trip is okay!
“: Just bought my Drake ticket.” atta boy
- Oops, I spoke to soon. No, we aren't doing them anymore but the are only $3 on Saturday and Sunday. Sorry for the confusion.
what's the book called?
Am I the only American that understands ? Many say it's ignorant comments, but all I see is ignorant responses.
ur like a sister t me nd im protective of people I consider like family t me
When Hockey players don't make it as pros they just become professional punching bags at the local youth boxing club.
most importantly he signed frank herrmann
But hey it's whatever say what u want<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Something cd related? #alltheway was a suggestion?
Not guna make the denver cruise, but at least I found a good church to go to.
It's time! St. Patrick's Day is here! (Marianyi beer count: 2)
Whoa. RT : I believe it! “: Google exec says ~20% of food in US is consumed in cars" Doesn't offer source
my computer is not fast enough #petpeeve and it's sunny and 85 and I'm working :(
President Obama’s Campaign For 2012 Election Begins
Asian & top, two words that should never be used together in a sentence!
-- done, voted for Sabrina....she sounds awesome and very deserving - besides being beautiful.....
Hey great choice grabbing some Franklin BBQ! Sorry for creeping, but hope you enjoy :)
I need food.
I gotta cut that drinking down some.
Thank you mother for taking me to school since I overslept.(:
I know! yesterday we had to write a product review and I just used material from my blog :P hehe
also, one is too many and a thousand are never enough. Be careful on Yahoo Answers.
is looking forward to kentucky vs kansas tonight! should be a good game! best of luck w ur brackets, friends!
YAY! BIG SHOW'S FIRED! Too bad he'll be back next week.
If Peruvian woman that Van der Sloot murdered discovered his connection to Holloway murder on his pc why can't officials do the same?
Thanks all for voting most viable winner last night! Had a great time. Tx Mike &Jenny. Some great innovation going on in ATL.
All TECH DATA customers call us! We need to ensure you get the best prices available on the market! dont throw margin away! 866-999-4936
thanks for the followback :)
very good work! :) Do you have a affair with football? Lol
again!!! good for her!
I think we're just going to set up an auto-RT on everything writes tonight.
this game is friken awesome!!!!! ~I<3 u this big
Lighting your home properly and with style will make all the difference in your living environment, contact us for a free consultation
It's mah boyfriends birthday
Today's quote of the day, "everybody loves Dick's sauce."
#BackInElementarySchool I was in student council and thought I was so cool
I just wanna break down crying right now...
Please. I laughed out loud on that one.
I am now a master at this one spin thing lol
I am sleepy, bored, and stressed... oh the joys of being a college student....
Thanks for the RT, We are excited to see lots of moms on Sunday!
swear I would've went
Two beers in 90 minutes... I think I made good decisions. :-)
nigga if you don't text me back. c;
Nicholas sparks lol but shit is deep
Thank you for promoting #literacy in #Texas! We appreciate your staff for taking the time to visit about !
Yes! :D Can't wait xD
We are starting our salad reward cards today! Buy 7 get 1 free!
Free Rondo!
“Heaven has no rage like love to hatred turned, Nor hell a fury like a woman scorned
ok this graduation got boring~_~,# Dissapointed
haven't slept a little tiddly-ass-wink. I need to go into business making strawberry-infused and maple-infused various foodstuffs
All set up Luxury expo in Tyson's Corner, VA! Stop by and enter our drawing for 5 free windows with insulation!
Happy Mother's day, ! Thankful for u! <3
yeah definitely try. i woke up and saw that the 11th was sold out, burst into tears and my mom got my ticket lol.
Excellence rewards excellence, not intentions.
Its wine, fruit and nutella night tonight with my cast - oh yes - seven more shows of #DonQuixote this week coming right up!
was good? working on this music bro!
The definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over and expecting different results. Albert Einstein What can you change today?
was it 48 low
I can see how it seem freaky but think about how much more space we'll have in our pockets lol or in our car trunks lmao
Thanks for the recommendation! Glad you're enjoying the site. :-)
I can't wait to shop this weekendd!! ahh:)
#MBYUNO follow me
Wonder if he WROTE it or did he BUY it again or did someone else WRITE it?
this is #wade team
From 285 to 288, he fought against Germanic tribes along the Rhine frontier
RT : Local businesses support other local businesses. Supporting one supports many. Support your local economy.
#iRemeberWhen Life was easy
Got 99 problems and they all Brantley. Or maybe 98 and they're all Brantley except one is Lolla. But he's the majority of them rn
RT Thanks to ALL! #BrownRiceComedy DVD Coming soon!
can't work on the chest piece today so we are gonna finish my leg piece
It's God over Money cause theirs no such thing as Money over God
I sure have. I also have like 8 versions of it. Yingling has a limited selection down here
He's still "in action" to me! He's just got a different job 2nite to do! #GoPreds :)
KOIN Local 6 News go to Jeff Gianola to see KOIN Champagne bottle
the axe man cometh the axe man taketh..
Noah Puckerman will continue to be the BEST thing about
you pranked us. better watch out. We Beliebers will get you back .
Three: know your self and how you are seeking to grow with a man
1st dance done......still needing a shot of something.
But now I'll go sit on the floor wearing your clothes, all that I know is I don't know how to be something you miss.
I recently became obsessed with "The Supersizers Go" on Cooking Channel. Related: 1970s food looks absolutely terrible.
I am enjoying the hell out of this show.
What Friday night shenanigans is everyone up to? Let me live vicariously through you, I beg.
:) lol Thanks x
You can copy and add flare but, its the original that inspired you
sorry for all the #spam told me its due to lack of usage someone was able to hack me. ill be using it a lot more i promise
The Shit In this Life I Won't do in the Next!
that would be a level-up scenario. Home base. Sleep, infirmary, buy contraband, connections. Could be prison kingpin if u chose
Being caught in those "I'ts not what it looks like" moments.
It feels like we've had three weeks of school left for like a month...every time I look at a calendar it seems like forever till we're out.
y'all need that Locos Taco from taco bell! Dorito taco shell... FTW!
Sometimes I feel as though reading tweets is a pointless waste of time. Then I see one by and that feeling goes away.
everyone is sick
It's just one of those nights i don't wanna be around anybody.
don't be device centric -- democratizing knowledge means getting stuff to all economic classes / micro classes dlf2010
Followed!! :D
everybody has a band
So freaking tired.. 0.o All I want is to sleep
I lost my key so I had to break the window open and it was really hard to open it...never again...I need to get another key.
Glad you found the right culture fit ;)
Chilling at tweet having at great bloody and can't wait to have some great brunch
Either Chamillionaire was a one-hit wonder or he is truly a chameleon and has camouflaged himself into a british lady by the name of Adele.
The first and only, from what I can tell. I wonder how I can find out who the rat is...
We moved! To keep following EWG's food + water Twitter channel (please do!), follow us Why'd we move? Takes >140 to explain.
Easygenerator is presenting twice at next week’s Learning Solutions show in Orlando. See you there!
haha, me too (: well, your talking to me now! you shouldn't be bored! :P
Life life with ni regrets
Dude! Tjmaxx! Why don't I shop here for everything??
I have tickets now!!! :)
Thank u 2 my followers for the love please show some love to she is new 2 twitter thanks
I'd rather be a straight up bitch and stand up for myself, than be nice and walked all over
See which SF Giants players volunteer to support local kids. Paul is on-deck with the Junior Giants league, this Saturday (5/8/10) @ 5:30pm.
Now I can go to sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
is it?? I didn't even know. I wanna go shopping over there.
Magnetic field in radio lobes of cygnus (mainly just substition work)
If you triple text me, you are officially declared a
So very happy my #nagw2011 talk isn't the same time as
haha not actively! But it's always on during the weekend. It also happens to be Lindsay's finest film. And a fab soundtrack
Oo! Where in FL? (says the ex-Floridian-bywayof-NY)
So freakin excited about traveling with to Portland. #IBelieveThatWeWillWin tonight and Saturday :)
Struggling. SAMHSA drug court grant *says* it allows any modality of treatment, but per person costs allowed rule out residential tx.
lol i thought so, poor xavier
Happy Thanksgiving Eve to you all! I am cooking up a storm for the next 24 hours. What's on your menu? Any favorite recipes?
I am a really perfect person. There are just no flaws at all. And I think one of my best features would have to be modesty.
Teen's spontaneous reflection, upon receiving prayer card from elderly great aunt: "God is so 20th Century."
with a 7-59 coaching record this year, Paul Silas would still probably be one game short of even winning a YMCA Championship..lol
when is austin picking the winners for the iPods??
CHASING THE SUN IS THE MOST ADDICTIVE SONG I'VE EVER HEARD. It's been stuck in my head for days!
Hilarious!!! is onstage #GRAMMYs Don't lose that street cred brotha :)
Now your at one of my fav places tonight! I didn't make it this trip.
Self-entitled? She whispered, showed up a song late, and used her blackberry. Oh the horror!!!!
I have a bump on my head associated with klutziness.
the SUPER BOWL!! .. food and commercials yaa buddy :P o ya YOS is spinnin w/ BT on Friday too, but this doesnt pertain to u lol
"Jazz is an eternal mission that transcends all strategy and all intelligence." - Wayne Shorter
Hottest August on record is over! Happy September!!
My babies all have strep...aaaaaahhhhhh, hope I dont have it guess we will c wat da dok says
it wouldn't be a water balloon fight at CSU at 2 am
Today is National Feral Cat Day! Hug a kittie!
If your mate drives a lot, stock the car with his/her favorite snacks.
Bike to work month, isn't so fun when you get stuck in a torrential downpour. Even though I was on a motor bike.
You know it buddy! Me and Scott wanted to come watch but that damn thing called work got in the way
Could #thirstdc have helped?
like wise. Can't wait.
its 2:15am and I'm watching on the singing bee. She's awesome. so is country music.
yes he is and so are u. I almost piss myself everyday read ya'll stuff
$5 bucks says that we end up symposium-ing together. Face it, we all that it's just meant to be.
We only said goodbye with words . . . .
come down now!
The biggest mistake I have made was to let people stay in my life far longer than they deserved to .
need beats? any genre. email me w/details @
Ridiculously rainy and cold. Definitely not pedicabbing weather, that's for damn sure. Day-drinking weather, perhaps...
Another unproductive day
is singing tonight @ Hemmingway's Bistro hemmingwaysbistro.com with Andy Brown on guitar, 6-9pm
*Wanted* Creative Director for a A developer based in the south of the UK, For more information contact .uk
I'll follow you, encourage you.
Agreed! Can I come? RT : In need of a change of scenery. Hmm, where to go ...
Almost got wet by boo!
But that doesn't leave room for the sponsor...
April 3 make sure your registered to vote #Wisconsin and vote
is that high, low, or about what you would have predicted?
i love thomas he so cute :D him and Swagg
I can't wait to visit next weekend for the first time since graduating last May!
Ladies we are in highschool... GROW THE FCK UP!
oh, I WISH we had one of those here! If I send you my address.... j/k sorry about the house thing, hope rest of move was ok!
o~0 *drool*
“: i been told ta call me!”
definitely the cats. Cats kinda freak me out. Lol
An average of 76 people a year die playing twister, and about 23 of which are through playing the nude version!
Had a great interview w/documentary filmaker Melissa Haizlip who is putting her uncle Ellis' legacy on tap. Mr. Soul is coming...
Let's go rangers!! great win last night!
Cant go wrong with the pixies :) How is your trip?
your welcome
peanut butter on toast. sometimes yogurt with fruit.
so my sister just started getting into this tweeting business, follow her!! she's probably 10 times more interesting than me.
Nice name. :)
Busy day ahead...First Script read through for the film we are doing later in the year...and then we are filming at the Arts Centre tonight.
I would rather watch Spring Training Baseball than this terrible basketball game
Went great! Thanks for asking! How about a free 24 month upgrade to 100 Mbps? ;-)
k well atleast I'm not a whooore...
Hey Cody :) i had a dream about you last night....and we met. Best day of my life.278
I was your 900th
Nah. I think I was at work or something that night. You heard about D'Angelo, yeah? Hopefully he comes here.
business business business
Ugly girls be quiet quiet. Pretty girls clap clap like this.
thx bro! Looking forward to you visiting Nash again soon..
you always have to stay on your toes when you're near colfax.
And i Got A Few Numbers. ^_^
Life is either a daring adventure or nothing. ~ Helen Keller
me at 153 an u?
hahaha really?? i should tweet more? I thought nobody cared hahaha
Free Salsa Rueda lessons every Thursday at Hot Water!! No Cover!! Come on down and dance!
Thanks for the shout! RT : Hey MKE beer friends - check out - awesome beer fest coming up on June 2!
Do I even bother watching the bills today?
Hope everyone enjoys the festival that begins this weekend!
Can we not take notes for this video?
don't worry I try not to and you don't be one two Kay
Fresh seafood---stop on in and say you saw us on Twitter or Facebook.
I've been so busy lately that I can't even tweet.. :(
thanks for the RT :-)
Adobe Creative Suite 6 launch propels design, Web, and video apps onto center ... - Macworld (blog)
I think there is audience critique in CABIN. But not meant biting AT ALL.
Every where I go the song #BOYFRIEND is always playing! Love the song :]
how was that massage? That's why. :)
The Avengers was so awesome! I really enjoyed Rooney Mara's performance as Loki
Dear person next to me in class, PLEASE WRITE BIGGER.. Sincerely, didn't study 2 people follow me please.. (:
just an FYI, my friend. I don't have a dolphin in this fight.
It's warm AF.
:) thanks for always being there for me :)
Hawks r better than this
2 Chicken Strips, 2 Pizza Sticks, Doritos and a Breakfast Burrito for breakfast
Love right back to you, my dear!
1st thing u need to forget in playoffs is "sample size". No such thing in Best of 7's. Entirely possible for 3 PT shooting to suck a series
Build lean muscle with Elite Personal Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Grateful for wonderful friends and family who make it all worthwhile!
Because I possess NO TASTE I don't even know what qualifies as an antique or what one would do with it / them.
thank you
OMG YAY WAS JUST RENEWED FOR A 4th SEASON!!!!!! #daymade :)
lol just scare u
woot! Thanks a bunch!
Honestly, I don't know; my emotions are running everywhere.
Yay! you have a twitter! so happy!
YOU SPELLED MY NAME WRONG!-___- and love you too!
Why did they cut salisbury out? Best part.
Children's museum of manhattan also integrates text for adults into exhibitions - what a great approach to engaging everyone
My gpa thinks he's cool because he can txt now. Larry's texts suck.
Looking forward to being a resume reviewer at #alamw12 next week! Now I just need to get the rest of my conference schedule figured out.
Thanks for the #FF!
why would you fav. my tweet bout the bi girl but 4real tho she followed me and wouldnt let any1 else dance behind me *scared*
I got myself & kids immunized 15-20 yrs ago. When my daughter got chix pox in 2nd grade it was a VERY mild case. Works well!
Check ur email and let me know what you think
Awesome guys i can't wait for the new CD ! (:
Help us finish this sentence; the Outer Banks to me is a second home.
I want a
resume has been worked on all afternoon. Gonna go watch Conan the Destroyer now. Hubby bought both on Blu-ray. lol !
was your response that he's married to brady's sister?
Friday night lights >>>
It´s on 27 of October!!! and my cousin is on 13
is it because I said it's a smart people game. P.S.
Philosophy class and bullshitting were definitely meant to be
Anyone know who cuts trees down professionally?
thanks for following me today!
Not u Princess The Evil Boy
Realized 2-yr-old nephew tweeted link to a Dinosaur Train clip on my phone. He thought you all needed a short video break.
It was! Great to see you today lady.
Don't sit in yer cubicle eating candy all day...come to Classic Slice!
it says that its not accepting new members at the moment!
There Is NO Love Greater Than The Love Of JESUS !
Wish I was on a patio right now enjoying the fantastic New Mexico weather... of course with a cocktail in hand.
See my answer on to: How do i prove retaliatory eviction and what is a reasonable amount to...
New Victorious.
Please remember to pray for the MYC team that is in Haiti!
cuz you mentioned it!
flat boots, skinny jeans, a cute sweater and a scarf
Rule number 34 to pregnancy... Try to avoid being pregnant in the summer time. It's not even may and I'm already dying... 4 more months
Obviously you believe you will retire UNDEFEATED, how many more fights do you think you will have before you RETIRE?
": She wants you to continue doing what you been doing when your first met and don't change up."
Be secure in yourself: in who you are, in what you are capable of, in what you can endure, and in what you have to offer.
Morning Dolls. Have a wonderful Wednesday. Be Greater
should I drop Marshon Brooks for Barea? Thanks!
Balance the playing field by organizing a business that changes the paradigm and spectrum of hate, occupy a piece of the American dream
RT : .'s has yet to mention #SOPA. He must not think it's that important. If we were Hollywood he'd answer
we are following you :)
Haha. I forgot about that account. I haven't had it on my phone since two phones ago (just got another one).
Nice rising over the Sandias tonight, Almost SuperMoon. Less Than SuperMoon sounds so demeaning.
I just wanna see one page, don't really care who is on it lol
RT : Looking for a WordPress dev for ongoing PT work on NYC area, BP knowledge a big plus. Contact me! (plz RT)
see your about 50% better. LOL.
Yummy Beef Shawarma Sandwich @ Jerusalem restaurant by DU, #AAJA Denver meeting. Low turnout, though....
What about them
No one in Oklahoma uses
Great effort from great motives is the best definition of a happy life. William Ellery Channing
#yeah that just made everything in the universe feel right
On an old feather bed with the fire goin' good
Just walked by #YeahhBuddyy #SouthBeach This place is dope ,sick St.Tropez vibe and lots of
Would love to talk to some reference librarians using Adobe Connect or Blackboard Collaborate for virtual reference. Are any out there?
This Friday's jazz night is dedicated to the music of the legendary Abbey Lincoln! 6pm to 9pm and the cover is only $5.
Sunday afternoon LIVE Greyhound Racing (year 'round ET): Palm Beach 1pm, Daytona Beach 1pm, Wheeling 1pm & Mobile 2pm.
can I have $1?
wow ... i know freebird is a longer song, but that must've been a short run :)
Real life Hoarders are not nearly as entertaining.
Thanks Chris, it is my pleasure.
Got my dress, but now Court needs one for Winter Formal. :)
Instead of complaining about the school's policies, make a move and stay informed. Last day to vote for #ASUW elections. Now is your chance.
I really like the tribute to Amy Winehouse, good job Bruno Mars... Imma miss her!!! Her voice was amazing!! <U+2665>
Filly Rachel Alexandra first female to win preakness is over 80 years awesome race
we all need to celebrate with Starbucks !
: Am I glad he has worked thru his issues abt gay marriage? Yup. But they are his issues & won't help in the long run.
no stay with me!
Y'ALL, today my mother turns 37. That's right, 37.
tweeting wbu. Can I get a follow?
we are BYOB :)
Good! Just dealing with school! How are you?
who cares about the fight
Pres Obama will be on May 15th.. Lizbeth is so irritating!
lol Nikki! No, she just hasn't been making any new music lately, she's not dead. Lol
which is how i feel about "ask" for the most part anyway
Room smells like sex...white boy wasted last night.
Crystal lake (:
May you, and Rich and Kate and everybody else have a wonderful Thanksgiving. :D
Traffic sucks and I wish these head aches would go away.
thank you my dear I love you too!
12/17/2010 Marketing Lessons -- From the Grateful Dead? Maine Public Broadcasting Network
Every time I see open wifi, I'm tempted to log in and encrypt it for them. And not give them the password.
Voting for idol on 2 phones at the same time is not as easy as you would think it would be...just saying.
I<U+FFFD>ve learned that things change, people change, and it doesn<U+FFFD>t mean you forget the past or try to cover it up
RT : Some days you just can't get it going.
Happy mothers day mommy.
I got screwed...
“: at that one party” gna drop kick everyone.
miss you to! Wine night again soon!
am I picking you up?
Such admirable honesty! Trying to help out but sadly not enough space! RT There's nothing I can do for you that you can't...
By popular demand, all of our forums now support #TapATalk as well as #ForumRunner on mobile devices. Just search for them. You're welcome!
My #bulls are killing me right now!
As a Southerner, I have always liked this wisdom: "Consider the source."
Missing them Smh..#seniors its quiet..
they always have these cakes at my work with a billion layers of shit in em. Those are the kinds I like.. Or cheesecake
yeah that's not a good idea, it wasn't today /: ill tell you after
Thanks for the DM. Check out our website for Actor Headshots or PostCards www.HeadshotRepros.com or call w/questions 212-997-1800
Reading Tip: If you buy a book solely on the cover design, you do know the illustrator and writer usually don’t know each other, right?
Thank you, Ali.
You look very sexy as an egg.
School Board mtg starts in 10 min - budgets are the topic so it will be a long one. Being on SB for past 2.5 years is quite an experience.
9 Days Of High School And I'm Gone
#Bahrain's Ministry of Interior claims security forces "found an injured man [Nabeel Rajab]" in "unlicensed protest" & took him to hospital!
hahaha u gotta come to a show soon miss! Or set is pretty bomb now new songs etc.
No reply ,-_-
If we can't have a united front in our own government, how can we ask for one from the world?
Hello Twitter World
“Some people weave burlap into the fabric of our lives, & some weave gold thread.....” (cont)
Why are all the tv channels showing the same thing? What is this? Someone messed up!
Sorry! bit.ly/5g6QUy we're creating Paths on mobile app called Collection Connections based on a theme-mbl vers of link
Sweeping the apartment. Done. Now? Bedtime hell yeah
Its friday im in love.
I'll say! She missed several spots on her neck. What an amateur.
Stuck in airport. Delay is now 4 hrs. Will miss ncaa championship game.
Sittin in Jim Forbes seat!!!! lol
However, he does have beautiful opening sequences
I'm back did you guys miss me?
Check out my Photography pieces over here at
Special Congrats from US to the Warriors Football on a Record Breaking Season!!! VERY PROUD WE ARE!!!!
You're joking, right? Please tell me you're joking...
looking forward to seeing you in the RG again tonight. I'm sure you'll get a warm welcome
lol yeah. He seems mean though
You have a point. And not just the one on your head.
I just started watching Prison Break! I have watched 50 episodes in 4 days I can't stop watching it is so HOT
“: SmartOS and all of its debugging tools are FOSS. There's no vendor lock-in here.”
I think you need to meet re:
I ain't about to put my life on hold for NO ONE and definitely won't put anything before my family SORRY.
yep that's my name.
"hurricane" moving our way
Moving to Austin, idk if it's a good plan or not but don't reall have a choice.........
How the fuck do I put pictures on this shit ??? >_<
just kidding. that is the week you graduate. hahaha
If they don't want to listen to what you have to say... then they wouldn't mind watching you leave.
we straight watched that shit for like 4 hours one time. lmao
Where's Synamon tho ?? Paging Synamon pennington to the principle office....I repeat paging Synamon Pennington to the principles office !!!!
yeahh until you wake up & realize it's reality still slappn you in the face. just promise you'll call if your in trouble.
A stink bug would fly into my room while I'm stuck in bed with a fever... #ScaryShit #HELP :((((
more like Bruno better sing too!!
Trying to study for these last two stupid finals. Chemistry and geometry, my worst subjects.
ya know Dangeous...I miss all y'all and the laughs...
Now I will RT some Assyrians I find on Twitter! <3
I feel the same way sometimes!
Each time I make a breakthrough, it's really scary. I'm getting better at doing it anyway!
“: I found the secret to moisturizing your hair when it's straight. :)” stalking ur TL, waiting for the next tweet
Heading to Blackford High School for another dunk show! Come out & Enjoy!
Easter in the mountains? Alone? Just my family and Jesus and writing and those mountains? Okay.
spray whipcream all over the female body and then you slowly eat it off her while fingering her giving her pleasure.
No... I'm not the only one who sells Hearfones; but I do free shipping so cheaper than on their website
I prefer Texas barbeque instead .
My dog is a star. Go to the Morgan county humane society website. Far left <3
Watching Celb App. I think Michael is doing fine!!!!
alyssa'a party today... i can't wait!!!
Enjoying (me) time with a nice Florida breeze!
you guys are amazing! :D it was worth the waiting
emma uses lexas too!
": Find your inner peace with the Yoga Club on the Oval from 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m.! #bestdayever "
strange sketch. my imagination thinks that both the cupcake and the unicorn look like they are in pain
YouTube! It works! Finally found a patch that works for macs. I will never have a life again. (Send me those meme-y linky links.)
Just learned to self-publish using ibook author tool. This could change the way our kids learn!
Been there, done that!RT : Nothing ruins a good friendship like telling them how you really feel.
Fania All-Star live at the Cheetah. Low End Theory. Fat Jack Cater to the DJ
you make me proud! =)
I mean is Brandon okay about it?!? I mean did that hurt him in anyway?
March 2013 cool with everyone?
As airfares cool, now's the time to take a break abroad - Times of India
Going to go bowling with my friends later!
Just chilling w/ my hoes love em! Damn today was live but drunk like a mf*
Is anyone truly surprised that Kesha glues stuff to her head?
Im not a Belieber but ..ok.. :)
Slip sliding away in the markets. Making money favors the prepared and hedging techniques. Always need to be early before bids drop.
One of my favorite memories of my wedding day: when my brother in law went to put on his tux, only to find no pants in the tux bag
Awesome, thanks! Had only found Coffee Bar. Hi ! Any suggestions for good laptop cafes in YVR very appreciated!
I love how is working with - big fan!
She smokin on that santa! Lol RT : My aunt is singing jingle bells in may... Such a FOB.
’s RAW has a new takeaway program designed for people on-the-go! Place your weekly order now!
is going movie crazy... does anyone know how to get netflix instant watch to work on a mac?
When do you think it is long enough to know someone before you say "I Love You"?
Thank you!
Just noticed you tweeted our video! Thx! So much LGBT Pride and positive energy coming from Chicago from Mark, SU Class of '11!
Freezn this morning
well then lets text silly ;P
Chris Combs. RT : Who did you hire?
Wish we were in New York!
You are very welcome! lol
I've been slow on the twitter uptake - checking out what all the buzz is about
I will check out the bookapp - might be interesting to some of our Bar/Bat Mitzvah students too. Is it appropriate for teens?
I remember!
I'll take a look at it in the morning. Have to work tonight.
"Success in life is a matter not so much of talent or opportunity as of concentration and perseverance." - C. W. Wendte
well I can't pass out cu I'm djing a party at a club but yea gonna party like a rockstar
Keith Lemons impression of cher lloyd, LOL!
what internet streaming site do you use?
To be nice imma sleep on the floor so err body else can sleep on my bed
ahi baby :'/ the shit we go through man....
as I do. I think if you trade Staal, wait and do it at the deadline.
ICC appoints Cym Lowell as Vice-Chair of the Taxation Commission: See ICC website.
talking to my best friend hooker #imisshim :)
Sir Richard-the-Chicken-Hearted. ~ Hubert H. Humphrey about Richard Nixon
Thanks to Scott Cormode from Fuller Theological Seminary for inspiring and insightful talk on #leadership at Old South Church in Boston!
love love the performance!!
Too expensive for what? A single monopoly airline in Philadelphia would be way more profitable than several competing airlines.
#MilkshakeCityDirectionersGoMOO well in that case... Mo! I love being a Milkshake City directioner :)
No worries Timmy.
let's carpool! sounds good to me!
Who is that? O_O
well they already lost of they are playing for that IMO
Ah. Too many notification emails. Must fix this.
Jus dropped off my babe . Tell me why i miss her already ://
Travelling a bit so let me know. Orlando and Madison next week, Boston in a few and probably back to germany before long
If we include we are closing in on an all star team!
RT if you love all the girls who call themselves "Mrs. Alamia" <3
My sister saw it and said it was cute. RT : Has anyone seen Young Adult? The wife and I r thinking of seeing a movie tonight
comeuppance is a beautiful thing
#teamjesus - follow ! Ex- wiccan. Someone sent me a link to an interview - power.
Happy New Year Aplin Family Members Around the World
announces Ian Bakst will be sitting in for Doug at the The Shana Foundation Skate Jam in Long Branch on 6/19 and sitting with Doug at GA!
To everyone posting fake tv cancellation rumors as fact, I have a fabulous line of city bridges that are selling like hotcakes; get at me.
Idc wat anybody says, a nigga making money playing bingo rite now!
Hunter: Marriage is called an institution for a reason.
Love those "light bulb moments" when I FINALLY get what God's been trying to tell me.Thank You Lord, for your patience with me.
Hey man I'm back in YYC right now. I'll be going back and forth between LA but homebase is YYC for now. Just missed you damn
Now I saw CowBoyz & Alienz! Pretty good, 2 moviez, I'm done...
How many women do you know 1) who've been to tent revivals, and 2) who drink sweet tea?
Yes, you. My contact called you an "inspiration." Whatever.
lol love you too
mint flavoured jelly is well reem.
that is actually quite disturbing.....and now an awkward silence follows.
Whats that umps deal?......
Nfl Draft tomorrow
that's the bad part I don't get, is the statement. :(
Excited about going all out promoting in August.
That result was a huge surprise!
I love Rosanne the show.
RE: Kevin's bird droppings...it's GOOD*LUCK! =)
If anyone took pictures at the Chicago Iconathon - you can add pix to the Iconathon Group on Flickr.
cheezballz > ~a stalker~
#mudmelt randy bass intr'ing Ann Pendleton from Ohio state. Here to talk design etc.
Beyoncé wins journalism award for magazine piece - Houston Chronicle (blog)
Karate Nipples >
It's a NIN's Wish kinda morning.
is everything ok?
Most impressive thing about Jay-Z's new song "Glory"? That Beyoncé didn't insist on a writing credit.
"People who make progress every day toward something they care about report being satisfied and fulfilled."
Definitely, Most Definitely.
Walking down to Spaghetti Dinner! A little nervous to meet some parents for the first time!
Thanks for cutting that short, I was getting the urge to go shoot up the mall
Does anyone else think Angelia looks grossly skinny?!
I know, but it is fun to worry people. RT : he comes back
Just saw Pranay today. It's been exactly a year since i saw him last, and it was so nice to renew that connection. It was worth the trouble.
baseball without MO just isn't right RT: Mariano: "I'm coming back. Write it down in big letters. I'm not going out like this.
Good point.
ONE-LINER: Whoever said nothing was impossible never tried slamming a revolving door.
i have nothing to say...
of course I don't...but I would watch porn before the sleaze of #HBO #Girls. Better to forego both.
Ravens take Delaware G Gino Gradkowski with 98th overall pick.
Twerk'Sum Nation videos coming soon!!!!
MIXTAPE DONE MIXIN AN MASTERIN WELL BE OUT NEXT WEEK!!!!!!!! D.O.E THE SQUAD WE TAKIN OVER LOOK FOR IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!
yeah im okay.
Saw We Bought a Zoo for the second time today.. is the most adorable thing !! <3 great actress too!
Up early. Grateful for rest, health,clear head/heart, being surrounded by love. So much to appreciate in life. Experience reminds you. Peace
"Where the heart is willing, it will find a thousand ways.Where it is not, it will find a thousand excuses." Price
Very happy with the battery life of my iPhone 4! End of day and still plenty of charge; no more anxiety prowling for power outlets all day
Kobe is a pussy for not going for the scoring title
thank you Julia Butler for the Twitter shout out! Eat wel and later the chocolate covered Macadamia nuts
I <3 YOU ALL AND HAVE A GOOD ONE! OH YEAH! AND A HAPPY HANNUKKA AND KWANZAA TOO! (:
how about #Feinstein's column about ACC football, couldn't agree more, can we go back to 8 teams please?
It's all in moderation.
I love summer when the sun rises early and wakes me before my alarm does. Blessed sun. Blun.
cool! ThankQ much. I will post it tonight, on my blog and FB, 8pm. You'll love it. The pic turned out gorgeous when I enhanced it
Still shocked at the fact that TWEETED ME. OMFG.
lovve both of them! Ahah your brother is so cute! (: and you look so pretty in your 6th grade one!! <33
N. Carolina can bite it. Thank you
Adam is in CO right now playing firefighter. The trade in price was way low (which I expected), but it is listed on Craigslist
Memorial leaves the bases loaded but they still lead 2-0 over Cy Woods bottom 6th.
Ready to cuddle up with my boy and go to sleep <U+2665>
Force a man coming off a screen under the basket to one direction, do not allow the cutter to go either way - use your body
yup, got it. salamat po :) don't envy you that flight, it's killer
I'm actually doin' Halloween in St.Tropez, whoever is in St.Tropez retweet this
Much better than my spy vending machine lady.
Stubble is fashionable these days :-)
Morning cousin positive energy and inspiration as always
#FF social media strategists I dig
Posted grades, received the expected complaint email alongside an unexpected one with the subject line "Thank you! I love you!"
Thanks to being a Beer-Con sponsor and for being a great new SD bottled-beer shop.
I'd help you if I could!
I didn't know you volunteered there. Very cool. Thank you for that/
please follow me please follow me please follow me
I love your tweets. You make me smile every single day.
oh yeah... He's getting picked out first. Hm... maybe next weekend?
Thank you - I will share with the community - of course we all know about the Squeeze machne.
I love it the #VMAs are absolutely amazing !!!!!!!!!!!
Seriously - Pathetic is a word that gets thrown around a lot, but....
Headed to the podcast tonight at River Oaks. We get going around 9 Pm. See you there!
Oh Rolf, I would NEVER be sarcastic with you. :)
#hungergames was pretty sick. A good adaptation of the book, about as close as they could be with a PG-13 rating.
dude the big d is no fun at anytime
WILL FERRELL, YOU NEED TO MAKE A SPOOF FILM BASED OFF THESE TODDLERS IN TIARAS... LMAO #RETWEET #FOLLOWBACK POW!!! 8
thinks if you buy the logic that guns kill people,then musn't it also B true that cars drive drunk & spoons make people fat? Just sayin'...
thank you very much!
Catch SRO on the news this morning. Q13 at 9:45 am.
Exactly! We must all get together soon! :-)
And I was right. Just got blindfolded in my leadership class. #50shadesofgrey?
Finally saw The Artist tonight - loved the whimsy, loved the fun, loved the sense of awe
the inside is closed
This is the day I made a twitter since this day I have been trying to get noticed by and I wanna get noticed TODAY! #leggo 1
Matching sweatshirts? Are you sure they're movers and not actually The Riddler's henchmen?
RT : How to tell if you've lost an argument on Twitter: You are in an argument on Twitter.
you dirty as hell lol
she beautiful
Question; being offered Lind, Youkilis and Willingham for Encarnacion. Willingham has power & Encarnacion won't stay as hot as he is.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ONE OF MY MAIN NIGGAHS
Hi Sammy, thanks for coming out last night, fun times ahead! RT : nice to meet you last night!
You're welcome! Enjoy your dinner tonight!
If you spend all your money on yourselves tithe no portion of it for charities,colleges, churches, civic causes, your children won't either
I need to have my hands in makeup 24/7. I need another source to be able to do this. I need a miracle, I need a blessing.
": If you arent making any mistakes, you arent innovating. If you're making the same mistakes, you aren't learning."
Go Big Blue!
Best wishes to long time #Packers tackle Chad Clifton. Great lineman and very classy guy taking the high road after cheap shot
my son
Rahm: Ppl aren't retiring at 62, have many more yrs of work. We're paying retirement benefit that doesn't reflect change in society, system.
Everyone who's been hacked today - please change your password! (and watch out for suspicious direct messages..)
If the NY Giants make it to the superbowl, David Tyree signs tomorrow #super bowl
Against all odds you have arrived! Lol | ": guess whos up! Lol"
wht video you need bro n n me n my brother trying to fucc wit yall
she isn't acting...
hey, I sent you an email about this, let me know what you think.
for Legal Div try #sladleg or
technically I'm staying in coral gables
go for Greg McDermott if creighton wins
Lost my wallet, money, and my sweatshirt
I can't wait to see what Sterling-Cooper-Draper-Price can do with the Buddy Bands account.
I don't think it's necessarily her hotness, more her 95% nakedness coupled with the hotness,lol.Like an unbalanced stripper.
ehhh Gwen over the other 2
What you may have missed is that he totally blamed the loss on the bad performance of the "man of the match", the center ref.
not a chasing amy fan.... sorry
Sometimes I miss having a full time job and working "normal" hours but then I remember...I wasn't born just to be normal!
do.it.
Nothing beats layin in bed
World-renowned Speed, Agility and Quickness trainer Jackie Ansley featured in the new issue of "In the Paint". Check it out. goo.gl/XHt0g
TWEET ME #PrayForDylansFamily AND ILL RT IT! TREND IT GUYS!
It does SEEM like 2 yrs ago but think less. 1st fete u lovelies invited me to! Can't wait for party!
I don't find out if they put me with Mark and Tim until Tuesday though
Im backk Seattle!
I take that back. It's Apple. I should've known configuration would be a no-brainer.
Yay im the most flexible on my cheer team ah
Shunji's with and Japan Relief!
Had 2 meetings dedicated to 1 essay. If I don't do well on this one, I solemnly swear to change my major.
#TREND Home products are taking center stage w/unexpected pattern and color in everyday home goods, dishes etc
Oh God, he kissed me again..
Valentine's Day plans? Order our Dinner for 2 with your EL - Champagne Chicken over Wild Rice Pilaf with Carrots & Salad and Lime Tart - $35
Filming a Video this week wit for "Benjamin Anthem" ! Need some of yall to come out!
Today's health tip:Eat fruits and vegetables and drink water prior to going to a holiday party.u will make better choices of what to eat.
Life is pure adventure, and the sooner we realize that, the quicker we will be able to treat life as art.~Maya Angelo
I agree completely
oh I know I would! But I've never been to Miami either! I have to visit there at some point! Lol
he's a striker and needs time. But I can see where you are coming from. I really like CJ as well. Just worry about wear
Watching "Girl, Interrupted" on Netflix. This is real stuff, kids.
I hate people who call me numerous times in a row.
Well if life's a bitch, then mines a gold digger
Red Velvet Pancakes from IHOP are life changing good!!!
Check your email to see if you have received the notification.
#rememberwhen u could drop out of high school for a good paying job
There's a time for experimentation: it's called college (but only after tenure...)
My toaster doesn't stop toasting whilst in mid toast. Forcing me to manually pop all my english muffins 3 feet into the air. Need coffee :).
$alute my G,well appreciated!
Landed. Smooth landing.
I CAN'T BELIEVE THE TEACHER LET YOU WATCH THIS IN CLASS!!
family guy
"The responsibility of those who are free is to free somebody else."
ok, thanks for the Xcoders update!
OUR WEBSITE IS DOWN DUE TO TECHNICAL ISSUES. IT SHOULD BE BACK UP SOON, THANK YOU!!
thanks for the high praise!
will check out DOG STAR
we just launched the "feelslike" field in our Current Conditions for JSON and XML
#messagetoMJ Happy Bday MJ.... Our lives are enriched because of your music!
Happy Birthday ! :)
G Live 'brought to you by blackberry' come on ESPN, it's not 2008 anymore, who uses 'berries?
That is so fantastic to hear! Congratulations!! With your archetype being THE TALENT your new gig is lucky to have you!
I mean I'm home watching the last 2 harry potter movies by myself...
wish martin truex jr would win but don't worry it will come soon!
you should really cook for me.(: I'm kinda curious to see how good it would be.(:
Work it girl!
STAY ALIVE DEREK <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
yeah when I witnessed that, I was like seriously?
hope u guyz have fun and relax :) U guyz totally deserve it love u guyz
Dude what the fuck you are so weird.
Such an exhausting day! I say its time to wind down with some Vampire Diaries :) <3
why not :D
excuse me.excuse me.EXCUSE ME.OMG MOVE!!
He apologized for having to stick me in a middle seat. I told him I didn't care a bit. He seemed to appreciate how thankful I was.
soo i guess a few people that i never followed back just now unfollowing me & now my followers going down, smh.
Good mornin all!! on my way to spread a lil sunshine.. up and ready for the walk a thon??
Congrats to FIU football ! Big win on national television !!!
Support HR 1207! Audit the Federal Reserve!
his outfit is spot on. suitcase, dirty nikes, fresh white suit. It's awesome.
I still have no idea what Batteship is about.
go with the new iphone ! Then you have the newest features and stuff like that !
Uh... yeah right.
Would love that too! How can we help?
Yes, when I read it, I'm was shaking :}.
thanks! Miss you too!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!" "Aww, you remembered my birthday!" "No, Facebook told me.
Geez...Louise..
#ArianaFacts she is allergic to pink champagne and when she drinks It she sees purple rain
Made it to My Redeemer MBC, New Orleans with ...sing Gospel Soul Children...: )
If an angry bird gives you 'the bird,' by rule of double negative, is that a compliment?
I should probably go to sleep....
Outside appearances are important to other people but totally unimportant to God. I'm just saying~BAMM.
You heard right! performs from 11am - 12pm at 2 locations: State/Madison & State/Monroe.
I'll note that! :)
I need more wailen followers c:
hey sweetie!
Good Luck! RT : 1st day huge thanks 2 friends who helped me find a new gig.
Oh wait, I was looking at the micro plan. Duh. Well that may come in handy at some point, but free account FTW
Your Own Productions?
Healthscape Partners has an innovative approach 2 healthcare. Collaboration amongst alliance companies = lower costs, better care
The telegraph is nearly as fast as the Internet
Today that my life is what I make it
Finally got my today. It was glorious.
144th and f why?
Wine is constant proof that God loves us and loves to see us happy. - Benjamin Franklin
I see my momma smile.. That's a blessing
ALL EYES ON THE WEATHER.
Happy holidays! Greeting everyone in advance! Enjoy your Christmas! =)
Figuring out the twitter still!!
I did. I dunno where u grew up or if u live in Newburyport or just work there... ?!
Any summer plans? School is out for some of our students and the fun has begun!
Thanks so much, Leslie, it was great to meet you. I'll try to come up with some great ideas for you at !
Does anyone think the 76ers can avoid the sweep...I think the brooms are already out
UM. WHAT THE FUCK. BRING IT ON CARLY. SHES NOT TOUCHING MY MAN.
Apropos of nothing, I just found out that if you Google "anagram," Google asks you, "Did you mean 'nag a ram?'" Well played, Google.
Warm ups are taking place right now and then it's Badgers vs Beavers. Animal Planet would love this
:P love you
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman love you
those are awesome
RT if you love your fans from Ohio<3
Liking LSU to win again over 'Bama...22-17 type of score..
huh? I'm confused :L <3
K;simsim u.u
#LetsGoMarlins! RT : Meanwhile, 3000 miles away, another Miami team is nearing their sixth straight win.
#Houston come in and get some $.35 wings n a cold one n see the gorgeous wait staff at
I did that & loved middle school kids for their sense of humor. Appreciate who & where they are in life.
Let me handle your love rocket.! ;P
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool, during the last period, I will be taking a pre-cal final. PERFECT way to end the year. -_-
I'm not coming home ;)
Today's the day!!! Are you as excited as I am?! Cause I know am!
Stress is a KILLER! Don't stress....worry less! Ain't NOTHING too hard for God.....
Haha. It feels great to get started, then I think about how far I have to go...
Are you doing blog tv or ustream?
Never have Luck in love ..
"WHERE'S MY FUCKN MONEY"
its on repeat.
Missin those good old days where your biggest problem was choosing which toy to play with in the sand box :(
where is team fine at
I like it! Good luck, Engelbert!
": You could look like prince charming and a #Virgo could still find a flaw about you." I have problems.....
Hey we are now doing private Streaks as team-building exercises! let us customize a Streak for your company! email us
So what have I learned this week. 2 loads of laundry and dishes everyday keeps us caught up and includes nap, wii and internet surfing.
On it.
"What does our community want to bring to us and why the hell aren't we letting them in?"
I live in LA so it's evening even though it looks like nite time
Prereqs are for pussies! Just let me stay in the stupid class, Sac City...or I'll hunt you down and hurt you like Liam Neeson did in Taken!
Bob Bocher WI DPI makes me realize how much we need to be thankful 4 amazing dedication & leadership thank you, Bob!
Bye bye
I’m joining x the collab first ever giveaway because I want to win an instant iPhone4s
thanks for following mister!! Hopeless and romantic are not mutually exclusive. Up north is cool dude!
“: I love you like a little brother. #LetsMakePeace #MothersDay #JustinBieber” fat cat
We're playing our Christmas song tonight with Sons of Great Dane at The Brick!
You guys, I'm just so happy.
always great to have a guest set up by Patti Genko. Bigler Sports at 8:45 this morning
Thanks for the follow - I am following you too. Hope to get to know you better. I enjoy ur poetry.
She has closed her laptop and ladies and gentlemen the live tweet has ended.
Praying for a good man who's very sick.
Your outlook on life is a direct reflection of how much you like yourself. - manifesto
The average, healthy, well-adjusted adult gets up at seven-thirty in the morning feeling just plain terrible
Wait holy hell how did I get so drunk
follow back dudde
yes ma'am
I guess I should start my English project. Fml.
I just realised they should make a movie because i love him!
Omg hell Yea taker is THEE BEST
Its Monday! Will you spend the week asking "why me?" Or start asking "what now?" Make it a #GodFirst week!
This girl literally just farted louder than her sneeze
#AAsocialTV Trend: Making TV DVR-proof again because of real-time updates by viewers.
"Let's go feel if the truck's hot!" #lmao <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
We're picking winners randomly from registered attendees
Playing the Uptown in Westmont, IL with Pistol Pete. Tonight.
haha cut you and suck your blood!
I loved patanormal activity. Great acting
Very funny! We understand but don't really tolerate a bad cup of coffee very well - but we loved your response!
Thanks for having me on the panel for "social media in the classroom" #SPE. Great discussion of today's learners.
Thankyou for following :)
A creative man is motivated by the desire to achieve, not by the desire to beat others. - Ayn Rand
Agreed. RT : #s4pm They need to see the value in it for them
I am going SOLO...I expect to have a new pal or two by the end of the night... \m/
Get TAN* Buy a Starter Kit for $49.99 (Eyewear, Lip Balm, 2 HT60 Tans, and a Bottle of Lotion)! Buy ANY Membership, get 2 WEEKS of UPGRADES
Film crew from New York Film Academy is filming my tattoo for a doc on
So excited to see interview Tina Fey tonight...this is going to be good!!!!
If there's one thing I hate, it's taking off your makeup after a party.
couldn't agree more. Big focus of mine -- brings up disconnect between digital & traditional
I'd follow you every friday or any day--hey I aleady do... tx for FF mention
Out and about in Cleveland trying to finish my shopping. Trying to finish before the rain comes. No snow here just rain.
headed out in #SanFrancisco tonight...you in town?
This ain't the United States of Hate. That is all.
72 yard touchdown run...woohoo! go #badgers!
Harden should expect the same booing in LA.
I said are you gonna be my girl?
And did I mention I'm in Miami shooting a commercial for orbitz? Yup. I am!!
i need to go to bed sometime soon... but who knows if im going to ever sleep
It was totally creepy. The person came and sprayed and then I had to clean up dead wasps and maggots from the floor. Blech.
afghanistan donated $1million to pakistan earthquake relief. what a beautiful, generous gesture!
Nice! I wanted the Raj speaker shirt that made all of the noises. But then read the laundry instructions.
Still interested in hearing what music YOU would like to get a massage to. If it's locally-inspired, that's even better! Thanks for sharing!
Woo! Got my first multi clip test in #AVID to conform back to 5K! Now to try it in
Amazing news and perfectly done! Congrats!!
Thanks for the follow! Always looking to meet new directors and actors! Playwright Matthew Ethan Davis
Scalp Problem Model search list Model search events are a great way to find modeling agencies and become a model
Thank you! And you do the same.
you will NEVER follow me. That's right I said it, never.
At least I made it home before the storm hit. It's looking like I need to start building an ark.
So many interesting people out in the world! Following people on Twitter and just feeling lucky to live in this age.
Rose Bird is my first real memory of California politics
good luck! have fun.
#P90X Back & Biceps + AB RipperX. Going full speed in to much needed rest day tomorrow. #BringIt!
Sweet. Thank you!
I don't want to be in class today. Come save me?
All that you now do is something you have chosen to do.
but no way...
Yup. Quit trolling. Are you guys going to blackout your site?
#HonorTheFallen RT We honor the life and service of Pfc. Neil Turner, 21, of Tacoma, Wash., who died Jan. 11 in Afghanistan.
Hello again to all my friends, together we can play some rock n roll.
that's sarcasm
this bitch is so stupid she think I don't get her code letters bitch this is for u I'm not stupid u want her take her I don't give a fuck
When I rode the train five years ago, I judged people by their books. Now I judge them by the text-size on their Kindles.
Literally quoting. "bobby says, should I put my balls here"?
hah looks lie you may have to come in your school uniform;)
The waitress says "my gosh, its so good to have some normal people at my table" hah! If only she knew...
#MorningReading Mark 11:24 "Therefore I tell you whatever you ask for in prayer, believe that you have received it, and it will be yours"
tea tree oil should help
See i just want you to know....that you deserve the best your beautiful
Get in for our BBQ Pork Torta! Pulled pork tossed in tangy BBQ sauce, topped w our tasty Mexican Slaw!
An Auburn Tiger intruding on a Gator in LSU territory.
awesome! thanks!
We're in the mood for something big & malty tonight...a traditional German Maibock sounds perfect. Dundee Pale Bock Lager it is!
Use your smile to change the world don't let the world change your smile!
Thanks for the follow!! I look forward to hearing your music!!
Many I gotta get my shit together so someone will wanna see me............lol
same here. well not 100% but mostly.
yeah. you could come. but your going to okaboji! :(
Exactly. It's hard for me to say I wouldn't be the same way if I had the ability to quit my job and do what he does.
Oh, yeah, that's right. It's because I put that voodoo curse on you. My bad.
2 any of my Peoples PLS don't be Offended if u call txt or hit me on fb or twitt n I'm slow to get bck wit u supabizzy not bn funnystyle.
What are the community standards (not the law) on nude art? Do they really exist?
Correction - Last tweet should have referenced Rodney King Riot - not OJ - wrong misrepresentation of justice - sorry
with a fried pb n j as a chaser ? :-)
nice quotes. ur photos are LOVELY!!! i really want to visit seattle now, altho heard that economically its not the place to be?
Tomorrow , I dont know if I should go to east or west for church ??
Things are going to get better, just gotta try and pray for the best.
Thanks for your great blog post!
Tip: Exfoliate with a gentle scrub that contains exfoliates that are round and non - abrasive, 2 to 3 times a week.
Woah, you're awake?! Well then change it up... Just don't sleep past 11 or something. This whole 3, 4, 5 thing...
I know it so well..
6 girls jump 1 chick and she aint even gotta scratch
Roger made a divet with his bottom on a pretty little sliding number. He is the coolest.
It was almost love.. It was almost always..
where's that lat tho?! And ready whenever you are
“: #thevow ill admit I cried”SOFT!
Someone should start OccuPIE Wall Street. Where people bring delicious pies to wall street.
I LUV u
This rain needs to stop.
GoGo down the line! Here's Braunie!
Finally made it to 900. Progress.
Sometimes its heavensent that we get sent back to hell again
Congratulations! Best of luck!
Debating on getting a stick so I can play roller hockey this summer. I'd probably need help...you know...taping it and using it.
Do away with all the speed limit signs and there would be no more speeding .Legalized drugs, and no body would go to jail for doing drugs.
I thought you loved the smell of Napalm in the morning. Are they using Napalm on those fields?
when u help yourself people are more apt to help u
#hikeky2012 Day 2: Kentucky River Road Trail > Palisades Trail.
yeah, what DOES Keef know?!
Im still smh
THANKS AND HAPPY HOUR FOR YOU TO
Wow, not even delivered. :(
the two best teams made it, I'm not happy about the rematch but any other team besides bama would be destroyed
3rd floor of the mansion in marthas chamber @ mount vernon #jhudc standing in front of a room with dishes & window. Smells like dust & paint
I need better guitar picks... I just went through another one -_-
I wish I had a device that would help me detect if you like me, unfortunately I don't.
I see those after school lessons are paying off lmao Can I take a picture of them xD
she's adorable
Nice call!
According to my horoscope, I'm most compatible with Pisces and Capricorn... Lmao
Don't let the overcast keep you in! Make your own sunshine. Stop in for Latin brunch..the rays will appear! $5 Bloody Marys & Mimosas
So scared of bein hurt again that ill block all you mfs out
Beliebers if it wasn't for any of us he wouldn't be here! I love BELIEBERS! SO HAPPY right now!
haha so specific. I don't think I'll feel better until May 8 (last final).
I just realized I owe you an email!
Looking forward to the Prelude 11 kickoff tonight!
MCAS testing that's the shit I don't like!
your sarcasm doesn't intimidate me! <333
you really want to start this again <3 lol I well beat you like momma mash potato salad
think of the happiest things, it's the same as having wings.
nice catch !
Tutoring, subbing, full time teaching ops. Somebody pinch me!
#Excusestodrink My husband cheated on me with his boss (Who is also a guy)
Me I think Scotty should GO
if Kobe was gone Lakers would be down by like 50 points! ha ha so quit bringing the Bulls into this mess.
#WeWontWork if all u do is LIE
you up on that too
no visual or audio please and issac i will be at your bachelor party
RT : Um, Youtube just recommended Rebecca Black to me. I recommend it check itself quickly before anymore recommendations.
Congratulations on your beautiful baby, Rajiv!
Thank you, daaaaahling! :)
Netflixed episodes of "Ocean Girl". It is a very good family show. 22 minutes only . Great 4 kids short attention spans. They love it.
Congratulations, Sami! Well deserved!
Haha! He loves your shades.
Who you got? Flip a coin! lol RT : This should be a fun series....Lakers vs Thunder
I suspect negatively. Even as adults we struggle to retain information studied while multitasking
Will You ever come to san diego california #AskAlexConstancio P.S Love You.........[=
So start...it's easy. Lol
I see no difference at least with me being witty and drunk. Lol
haha I think u proposed to my friend sheena and then turned around and made out with some chick...rock n roll
Glad to hear that!
There's this Guy... we act like idiots, talk about gay people and make fun of fat people together. And I think I really like him....<3
Thank you!
when does return?
Hello good people!!! I'm excited about the new opportunity I have been presented with.. So let's say get ready shows and videos in bulk <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Did Brian Anderson just say its a good time of the year to be in Fond du lac??? U bet..
I watched the #Timeflies cover of Wild Ones. Thank you. This is fantastic.
#Bbworld11 Will easily integrate Content into coursesite and links to Google Docs for adtl content site.
Woke up early so I can get a lot done :)
I am a go getta but it's my strategy that keep them wondering...long as they keep mentioning my name good or bad I'm going 2 rise
I'm against big spending on transit. No faith that govt. can get it right. First, improve
All this was to make me happy but it actually made things worse
Kinda funny how things wrk owt
Yes, and then the days just sort of blur together.
fine with me too. But you have to play with the odds, profiling or not, it was a stupid decision.
great article. Who is the only person who can hold Kevin Love under a double-double? Ben Howland.
These stickers are cost-effective, eye-catching, long lasting and creative.
There is a yoga class 5/20 at 6:30 AM at the same time as the YBP Health Walk.
FASHION TIPS - A. Lister Interior Design Profile: Ricardo Poupada Which colors will have women swooning at your apartment?
It's good to come 2 the studio after absence & remember why i do what i do.. out of complete love and beauty. Passion, fate.. Life is smart.
I know at least 2 of our judges are gonna love the all-American values of 2 of the #mgt413caw wrestlers (1<U+2642>, 1<U+2640>! Ring romance in the making?
Wow. LT just gave the most heartfelt, humorous and endearing speech at Junior's memorial. Good stories.
wine night tonight! Excited..however I can't drink. This is t orture!!
definitely the best part.
“: I bet you didn't know that women can get boners... True story... They get them right in their mouth”
Gary Oldham should win best actor tonight. He's cool
Good morning hope every1 has a wonderful day and gr8 week.
...Is it weird to say that I like ballet more than jazz?
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Another Round- Chris Brown, Fat Joe
If you weren't born with it , you don't need it to live .
Hello Donna marie Thompson! Glad to connect with you!!
I will NOT refer to it as the Thursday "coffee clatch" but am really looking forward to hanging with the CC gals at Starbucks & soon!
Seattlelites do use umbrellas: a man across the street from me just did a fancy spin with his before ducking under it for cover. oh
Arizona is awesome this time of year! Thanks for the follow, we are following back!
": If happy ever afters did exist, I would still be holding you like this All those fairy tales are full of shit."
I'm learning that I have a tendency to mask or submerge ideas under layers of superficially interesting abstraction. Undoing that.
Change the pic.
Whaaa? My bad. I dunno about you, but my Droid 2 sucks. I'm pretty much ready to go iPhone.
Don't expect me to tweet about my life problems, it's not happening!
I lost my home and know maybe my job soon I got no place to go
Success then!
needs to chill the frick down ... like for real brah.
Broncos will be luck to start the season 2-6 which includes a win in London against the Niners that have the Donks number.
thanks for including our Operation Outreach banner on the float yesterday!
Check out now available @ Barley and Hops in Glenwood.
Antiquing with is always a good time - Before and Afters to come! Old stuff + Vinyl Cutter homemade stickers = DIY Love <U+2665>
2day is a beautiful day
Delicious, delicious recovery pancakes Best thing about the morning after the night before. :D
I can't believe I'm saying this, but the ABC red carpet show needs Ryan Seacrest
We love that idea! “: I think should pair with the (Humane Society). Buy a shirt, adopt a pup??!?!”
People should be more careful about what they say
lol, good luck with that. Isn't your xbox in your living romm though?
are u going organic as well? I go organic its the business
Cable company dropping Spokane PBS station
I went with black, maybe I'll get a pink cover for it ;-)
walking in the bike lane downtown
can someone explain to me how "lists" work? thanks
fucking global warming.
Well I am just the singer, but I think we usually use ultimate guitar tabs to start and correct them if they sound wrong
bigger question for the skipper. Is he ready for the old guys in two weeks? haha
I passed the fuck out at work lastnight
how could i not take time to listen to such an angelic voice :)
Ah...a whole day off to myself. So xcited. Think I will just b lazy all day.
BE HAPPY IN FRONT OF PEOPLE WHO HATE ON YOU... IT KILLS THEM... ;-0
Madison always seems so quiet when I return from Chicago on Sunday night.
Good! I actually thought of you when I was wanting to be at the Festival of Books this weekend. :) Are you going?
Thanks for the RT Mike!
If you don't want drama, then don't start it. Things are only as complicated as you make them.
I checked in to a movie that I did not like. Your fucking app will not let me move on. WTF is the reason for that?
amazing presenter.
check out the yahoo sports blog by Dirty Tackle. picture of it up there. Simply amazing
hahaha ur up in east Jesus nowhere
a new car! Hahaha like that's gunna happen LOL
So and I have been riding motorcycles all day. Want to see a bunch of pictures?
thank you!! you're amazing <3
I hate when I get a repeated fact on Nantucket Nectar tops.
We need 130 Fans and we will give away 2 more Free Wristbands!!! Suggest us to your friends and maybe you will be our next winner!
Immediate oppty: #Unity3D developer in #Atlanta. Ideal candidate has 1-4 years of game development experience. C#, C++, X-Code.
Would someone like to tell me how I acquired a tick, sitting in an office all day?
don't settle for mediocrity! Be remarkable! Be Fearless and the rest will come!
My google reader count has surpassed 700...I'm thinking the only way out now is to just hit "mark all as read"...
RT My absolute favorite quote from #TEDxSummit “The city you get is the city you build.” Norman Lee #City 2.0
Would like to see lebron james not cry like a little bitch
If you have to ask you will never know !!
found my old iphone
you had me at "heaven"...weekend meal(s) ?
Note to self: Don't dance like a crazy while home by yourself or you will land on your ankle wrong and have no one there to take care of you
Welcome home
We really appreciate you supporting independent music. It benefits everyone!
#RochelleRants lol what is this all about!!!??
I learned real quick not to do that. It isnt worth losing what and who you love :)
dunkin's time capsule board on #pinterest is the most commented on board for them according to .
Making a cake! Cant wait to eat it lol :P
Thanks for coming!
Low hoop;)
is going to bring it 2/17 , be there
RT : It's monthly sale weekend! Still time to take advantage of 30% off the whole store; we're open till 5 today.
It's Friday! #FF You know we love you.
I just pray that this friendship doesn't end up like the last, where we can't stand to talk or be around one another.
day 2 of #sxsw a success and the music portion technically hasn't started yet
7 < 10 Go get your cereal.
YEA WISH I COULD SAY THE SAME BOUT THE CREW!!!! WOW!!!!
I stayed for the Swans. I thought it was awesome, that gut-rattling noise. Swoon. Too soon to declare myself champ?
nah this is the everyday mix that's been running at bellagio recently
Place your foundation primer in the fridge before use for a cooling, de - puffing effect!
remembering 14 years ago when I looked like I had a watermelon stuffed up the front of my shirt... he's now 5'10". Scary.
Stop by Bite Size Idea tomorrow to learn how to automate your finances, explode your charisma and start a business. Yep, all in one post!
#np I have died everyday waiting for you Darlin' don't be afraid I have loved you for a thousand years I'll love you for a thousand more
No Measure Of Time Will Be Enough With You... Lets Start With Forever ! #TwilightSaga .
Oh! Good one! I missed that one. It was so hard to chose which shows to go to. They were all so good. Can't wait til next year.
wanting the Giant't to win it all Manning serve brady on a plate
I want it to be tomorrow morning so I can be back at the gym :-)
RT " I've had 80 x more mgs of adderall than hours of sleep in the last 24 hours #losing"
yaaaay haha most of my friends just wanna listen to music from today and I like it but I like older stuff a lot too
Hey, congrats!
One push setup. I got locked into these Rodney Mullen interviews just yesterday.
I'm officially a brace face.
If you lack the courage to start, you have already finished!
Their sandwiches are great! ": Today's sandwich has fresh mozzarella, prosciutto, fava greens & Southpaw Mostarda!
Almost finished cleaning.
OMG....yes! Let's hope for a better second half! This is just too painful to watch at the moment!
what did you do?!?
The A Team - Ed Sheeran
Damn I mean what can I say scorpios are just sexual beings
GREAT idea! RT Ever get parking tickets? What if we had an option to swap fines 4 charity/community work?
I just saw this now I just got home lol and no I didn't I got a new number!
look good bra!
Opportunities for digital pub: adding context (linking), indexing, providing access to ephemeral & rare material
I'll be in the mix tonight @ the Hangar(8203 broadway) inside the loop. Crazy drink specials all night. Party starts at 10
Walmart :) looking a hot mess!
I need to fix my #vitamix because that oddly looks divine!! Is that normal?
#askalexconstancio Will you and ever make Cool Morning 3???<34
Nice! They kinda look alike
I'm good on the grind with the the first job driving the little kids
How can you lose a good thing when it was never good at all?..
I hear Kris Kristofferson & Willie Nelson are playing together tonight at #ACL Moody Theater. True?
love me some joe johnson...played hoops for my hogs. Wish we could have kept him longer. Lol
I've survived yet another Valentine's Day! Good morning fellow survivors!
Took a shortcut through primark to the carpark, I now have post traumatic stress. It's the fashion equivalent of a trip to the Somme.
"Keep true to the dreams of thy youth." - Friedrich von Schiller
Parking is way worst than yesterday.
Where are the jobs for college graduates?
People always find things to be negative about.
fuck you ottawa & your fans! correct me if i'm wrong but the king just cursed you guys out, ay? #NYR LET'S FUCKIN GO GAME 7!
Luv it when people act brand new ...<U+2665> Don't get mad when its my turn.. <U+30C4>
Happy early Mother's Day to
cookin' like a champ! smells so o o o good! :-)
Thanks for supporting Country Music! Can I submit my client, for a review? Follow back, if you like. Ty
BULLETIN: News happens in places without jet connections or luxury hotels. Who knew?
It doesn't seem quite normal yet, just gotta keep keeping on though!
come to ny!!
Looks like they need your guidance!
my cat let me read 67 pages of 's book before sitting on it. that has to be a goddamn record.
Looking for the perfect bat for your little league'r? Check out the 2013 Worth Prodigy Legit Youth Bat! Available for pre-order now!...
ALERT....ALERT, I slight breeze has just brushed upon me!!
doing shows in out of town . Whats bin up with you holla at me babi gurl.
Did we forget to mention that one Facebook or Twitter question asker is going to win an autographed copy of 's Voyage DVD?
the 6th webseries pilot event, like its 48hr film but the deadline is 1 week & the idea is the project can continue as a series
Great that Obama finally came out of the closet on gay marriage.
Thunder and lightning and light rain in Franklin
thanks for the retweet!!!!
Come on over! We'd love to have you. RT After my summer I'm going to need a trip to Vegas!
Ever have one of those moments where you look at the person and wonder, "How are you really that stupid?"
RT : Week 1 of is a wrap. I’ve never been surrounded by so many smart people who truly want to see my startup succeed....
Havent been on here for awhile
did u get the track List? And the CD made?
Welcome! So glad you joined us to tweet. I agree if world was ending I would have finished the beer in our fridge!
Sad to hear that my old university department is to close: : Final decision has been made - school of music to close.
I eat more when I am on a diet. Awesome.
you finally get some boxing gloves bruh?
I really want to do a cross country hackathon in an RV. Start in Seattle and present the project in New York when you get there.
Did you see my mention of the Jazz Standard in my column today?
Our fall book order with new Babymouse and Squish hasn't hit the shelf yet. And yes, Babymouse is always out!
Beautiful day outside today! Plus I got a great bday gift! Two tickets to see Van Halen at The Amway Arena in April!
Hi Sahm, thanks for following, now following you too. Being in Austin we probably have some common friends, dig your blog too!
Need to happen this year ": I wonder what pacman would have done to Mayweather."
While Newt Gingrich is losing his Secret Service, he'll still find a way to be serviced secretly.
Tea 101 class next Tuesday night at 6:30 p.m. Sample six different teas in this introductory course. Free to attend! Please RSVP!
Nice quote !
I hate stretching but it never felt so good…
Gotta get that old flame back
Sometimes those biggest failures are the greatest motivators. And I'm not thinking about "to drink"
That would be awesome!
thanks so much! :)
Looking for the Voice of the Employee! RT : Whats shaking KC
Mickeydeez's vanilla milkshake is off the chain
You could replace "Tupac" and "Suge Knight" with "" and that tweet would still hold true. And perfectly.
Watching the PPV fight tonight. Should be a good match this coming up.
Oakland A's! I agree, fuck the Cubs! Here in AZ, the #GOP bastards must have brain-washed Ricketts during Spring Training!
You should stop by! :)
It is of great importance that you stay in your place... I would hate to replace you there
if we lose we r done
I LOVE
no u are not sweet need u to refollow
Youth fades; love droops; the leaves of friendship fall; A mother's secret hope outlives them all. ~Oliver Wendell Holmes
Tonight PHAME launches a great collaboration with United by Music, 5:30 pm at Lola's Room/Crystal Ballroom - more info soon!
I am down for both!! :)
maybe. I'll be on the wife's bike.
where u go to school at
Can't wait to jump into In an Uncharted Country by
thx, you too!
Wow, RIP Adam Yauch.
Pilgrimage to worship at the altar of pancake? We should make that happen for the iSchoolers not yet indoctrinated...
A wee-bit excited that will be in LA this weekend :)
Congrats Reid and Red Door!
Yay...I get to go to 's favorite place: Kenwood Mall
What you coming into NYC for? Ev is having a rocker at his new crib...
If a man stands in the middle of the forest speaking and there is no woman around to hear him is he still wrong?
Great lecture on "Meat Glue Mania" by Chef Wylie Dufresne
Cowboys coach Jason Garrett remembers Junior Seau - Fort Worth Star Telegram (blog)
im so hungry......=p i need sumin to eat
Excited to announce will be featuring our show and the back story in their April issue! Can't wait to be a part of it!
ha ya it is it's a females life under 50 lol
Me: OMG THERES A BUG IN MY HAIR Dad: WHAT IS IT Me: ONE OF THOSE LOVEBUGS Dad: RELAX They wont do anything theyre just looking to get laid!!
you hear him, not here him.
So you didn't get the lead...... #growup and #dealwithit k.thanks.bye.
NEW HAPPY HOUR SPECIAL: $1 off Domestics $2 off everything else 4pm-8pm) $2 off Hangar One all night long!!
:O Remember what I said? I'm getting you now. -___- better watch out
From the hood book of #2Chainz Okay now Nicki Nicki Nicki, put it in your kidney. Got a new LS 450, ain't no keys in this do-hicky.
Photographing new born baby today! So excited and have so many ideas! Stay tuned for sneak peak latter on today!
I would take the deal. Harper won't last...trade him while he has a high value.
well even though it might be hard to believe, I'm pure white... So I get freckles.
pls let us know if an arrest is immenent!?
Procter &amp; Gamble raises dividend by 7 percent
Miami Music Festival kicks into high gear tonight!! Come to Gemma and rock out with some great bands tonight & Sat. night!! $10 @ door 21+
If you had a theme song (that played prior to you entering a room) what would it be? I'm working on mine.
Happy Earth Day.
Happy Easter everyone! We will be closed all day today and re-open Monday @ 11am. Enjoy your day off staff!
Saw the new Expo Line running today. There was about 20 people on it during rush hour. A well spent $930 million...
My brokenness drew me to spirituality & meditation, which keeps me balanced, positive and peaceful.
Maryland friends: hit up 1090 AM WBAL right now to hear my friend doing his usual excellent job as host.
Thanks, glad you liked. Last month Sony told me it was definitely on, but now I have no idea. Hope they do!
Is gonna have to choke a bitch?!
: thanks for the follow! Good to see you on twitter!
Ohh I didn't see that! Yeaah Im listening to it right now. its sick
ill be home then too! let's hang out!
Why is #Facebook allowing tons of my friends to be tagged in pictures of ghetto shoes?
From the valley to Hollywood to downtown, a big day in LA demo'ing the latest in wireless tech with
Thanks for following! Hope you enjoy my tweets.
Roemer speaks truth. RT Trade must be fair,not free. Free trade exploits cheap labor,child labor,and lax environmental standards
oh..u have lol
walking around supermarket* *Lost mom* ACT COOL, ACT COOL!
Give em hell, Big Beers always better than Big Apples.
Wow Kobe. Clean shot across the noggin of the Manimal. From behind. While Faried was airborn. Classless. Now you finna argue? Smh.
www.ashlethal.com <<check it out folks.
THANKS EVERYONE FOR YOYR SHARES! AND FOR ALLOWING ME TO POST ON YOUR WALLS!
I keep seeing it everywhere and I'm like well maybe I should give it a try maybe I'll like it. But I don't think I can do it.
Youth Council members will ask your questions to the MPS Superintendent. Just tweet
#IfIwasdatingHarryStyles ah, no words to describe how I'd feel
ugh i'm so scared about tomorrow....then if i fail i have to worry about telling my mom i can't enroll in any classes for fall
"Randy Moss" Is a Beast on the Field come to #CA Randy
Photo's of the whole cast are now uploaded. Who is your favourite?
Doctor doctor gimme the news!
excited for the new #degrassi episode tonight so i can admire my future husband, <U+2665>___<U+2665>
LOVE Vocabulary!!! Have so much fun :)
I'm Still Sleepy :/
We cant wait! RT blessed 2 have #theweddingparty airing right after the strongest self-made broad on ,THE...
I dream beyond sound. I dream beyond color. I dream in spectrums that create the reality around me. Choice is definition. Action is creation
#thankfulforATL because I am a faggot like that.
Why is that?
What do YOU think? All of the stunts Amazon's pulled, perhaps now because of Apple they no longer have to deal with them?
said his administration will stop implementing law but hopes court will let law move forward soon.
Hey, how are you doing, guys?
I agree with you completely. Way too many people are way too uptight. People need to accept that love is love; no boundaries.
Thanks again to everyone who participated in our Jersey Giveaway contest yesterday! We really appreciate all of our loyal fans : )
thanks bro. What you up to at the moment? Directing any theatre?
It should be. Ugh! Five yrs ago and I remember like it was yesterday. Killer ab workout though.
...a picture of it and when I woke up I checked twitter to see if I gotthe notification -.- #IndianasFinestProbs ~Kristyn
Celtics still know how to win. Rondo gets the credit tonight, stay on lock at home, then beat the Heat!
these next two weekends are gonna be bomb i already know.
It will also up your chances of an NBA career.
Little kid shit on twitter, come on now.
Maddy Bratty, i know it. he bored me to sleep!
Back to 801
Too busy to tweet but blessed to be so.
That CT scan was the scariest thing of my life...
i suggest a good long fap. its entertaining
I'm working on new Thursday gig so keep checking in to see where I end up.
Next year I will have cheese to grill on this a National Grilled Cheese holiday
Poythress, Goodwin, and Bennett are hanging together. Good sign?
indiana dryvit contractors, dryvit contractors indiana, indiana dryvit companies, dryvit companies indiana dryvit indiana wall systems
:o you have a twitter?!
Last day in the studio to record our EP "A Murder of Crows"
who is the other team?
Kemp has the longest active steak in MLB with 392 consecutive games played.
I can't believe St. Louis didn't do everything to keep him. I'm a Cubs fan, and I'm happy he's out of the division! Go Cubs!
Getting ready for the photo shoot tomorrow .
LAST DAY OF CLASSES
Metro Piece Of Shit Can Needs To Upgrade >_<
Mmn, downside of automated blog post pumping into twitter is my crapily misspelled titles are immortalized on the web b4 I have a chance!
RT : A movement isnt a meme–build 4 the longterm. We can't "hashtag our way to social change“
We would love 2 promote this episode of CSI Miami! Are you up 4 a short interview through 'email' about your day on set? :D
You know who's weird looking? Females who are already thin and good looking who lose even more weight. Their heads look enormous
Back from the dead, now what's important again?
In WSJ calls out Obama 4 not criticizing left's sexism but doesn't mention the Rep prez wannabes cowering at Limbaugh's feet
In conjunction with 's Solar Pwr Finance Summit, is hosting 's Jonathan Plowe
RT Received 1st draft of promotional imgs 4 new music app.Releasing vewy soon!Blog music @ ur finger tips :)
i want you to expose me to new music; wanna buy u good beer, bring it over and b.s. about hockey, watch good tv/movies...
RT "You were hired b/c u should have all the answers? Or should it be we hired u b/c u know where to get them?"
Amazing how quickly the Met cures a child's stomach ache.
Hey Lady D! I thought about you the other day, but it was b/c I saw a guy wearing a Starbury jersey so that's probably not good
Out west headed back to the Eastside
#Ilovepeoplethat Makes you lagh like a psycho Crazy When you feel So Depressed!
#WeCantWait for mindless behavior to come to new York luv u mb <3prodigy<3
Whats Yo Email I Got The Track .!
imma put some hand sanitizer and disinfectant wipes in every area. you better clean it up if you made it!
I wish that girl would say everything she has to say about me to MY FACE. Pussy ass bxtch
Sorry folks, we're experiencing some problems with the Person lookup API. We're working on it now, and will have it back up shortly.
Follow or use #1Dimension in your tweet. 3 random entrants will win a new iPad.
A sacred marriage draws its passion from its inclusiveness. Passion for another person has to fade, but passion for life itself is eternal.
@ me so I know it's real .
If we had vents we could hire George Forman as an intern
I love The City Bakery.
hahaha man thats funny ........ did i ever feel like u were gonna fall asleep? lol
where do you get your hair cut?
RT : It's the perfect weekend to get out and enjoy four world renowned museums in one location. Visit Museum Hill and......
Today IS Monday,
Hangover from kill the keg
Nothing and no.
um Hollie was amazing!
Playing "soul station" tonight at Casa Del Mar in SM with Tasha Taylor, Jonathan Flaugher, and Rob Perkins! 7pm and FREE!
I miss her. I can't help it.
Happy Mother's Day to two of the strongest women that I know, my mom and grandma. Without them I am nothing! I love you!
Link for "Snowtown" appears to take me to a wonderful piece on Bruce Springsteen. Not your bully story.
thank you!!!
I wanna meet President Obama .
When someone orders what I said I wanted at a restaurant. Now I have to default to chicken fingers to be original
haha what a night
No I'm not since I'll be in process of my move to #Hoboken #NJ - hope to go for the next show in 4 years.
Deliver me from writers who say the way they live doesn't matter
Good Luck I've got a good feeling Tide's winning streak is about to end today
I feel bad for because I assume they ran out of time or money, but there was an implicit narrative promise broken.
It's ppl like this that make me wanna stick a jit #like him
thanks for joining!
yes :) i think yes lol
I wanna see In The Grove! where can I see it?
That one manager everyone wishes would jump off a cliff and survive it just so they'll have to endure the pain afterwards.
Okay I am seriously addicted to Asparagus Tempura rolls from Fujiyama.
Art & Industry? John Ruskin said: "Life without industry is guilt. Industry without art is brutality" (1870)
#ATTENTION B4 you follow sum1. Make sure you do a background check. I am 100% Gay & I rap. So donot come at me w/ the dumbshit!
is at FAU. Practice, eat, class, eat, sleep. Repeat.
Do you think Rick Ross makes the hos do blow off HIS titties?
not sure about that, plenty of good tech content, i.e. arduino, android, etc
ha! we had that last week. they asked me to be in charge of Bingo.
okay! the last one is this hour, right?
I prefer Contempt to Breathless and Jules and Jim to anything I've seen from Godard.
I'm not surprised about but I'm surprised about :(
I knew it was coming tho..
as cute as ever! lol shes shoppin with dada right now :] hows your little cutie?!
my dad let my lil bro qo & pay for the qas & we wondered why it took so lonq for him to come bak, he was too short & she couldnt see'm lol
Very cool and cute episode of
that is great. Self-respect.
watching videos of prophecies on youtube
#NowPlaying: #ArabicMusic, songs, and hymns celebrating Easter and Good Friday.
You and just posted the same quote. Where are you?
Finished early morning cardio. At Job #1 ,till 5pm then got job #2 from 5-11pm. Gotta keep grinding!!!
I love to audition. I have made it to the short list of a great casting director. I am grateful to be here. I have fun and play today. YAY!
FUCK NO she didn't. Ask my man to lick your pussy again...he's gone and you're next bitch.
So that little "tm" by your name obviously means you're fake.
You used to be a ninja, but now you appear to have joined the matrix.
At the #IGDA #GDC party. Hundreds here... it's hoppin! :)
“: Was wondering why I haven't seen Dennis Hopper on anything in a while. Turns out he's dead.” aww too early man.
Starting off summer by doing a couple tasty reviews. I prefer only doing reviews that're tasty. Otherwise I'm a profile motherfucker.
Hehehe :) It's a terrible, terrible addiction. I'm hoping Harris Teeter lift this sale asap!
Monday I'll be interviewed on KWPA's Isle of the Arts, a program with focus on Whidbey Island artists and their craft. I'm stoked!
I've been watching videos all day, now tell me...where have you been all my life? <3
Hungry for this money why not eat it!
just downloaded twitterrific
come out after :P when are you free next? We can just come to yours for wine and icecream and blk&white films :p <3
Competition is getting fierce for the office #March #Madness bracket challenge. Who do you have making the elite eight?
In her chest, theres nothin at all its just empty, she'd sell her soul to the devil for a Bentley
Panda's are too racist. They may be Asian, black and white... But they're not Mexican now are they? Pfft
Talking down on the West no need to wear that vest we take head shots
": Milk provides essential nutrients for bone development : encourage your child drink water & milk instead of soda."
Yep! I will be taking a Maymester course and working at the iSchool until my internship starts on 6/11. Not fun.
Have you been getting messages like "someone is saying bad things about you?" It's a spam thing. DON'T open the attached link!
I haven't received a login to register for Friday workshops. Help?
I here that more and more each day.
This is completely a defensive game.
Oh no! Jack off?
I hope it rains. Its too hot to be outside in gym :(
One life to live one mic to give !
lol! i'm embarrassed! i should've googled! still, try avocado on toast sometime.
Me neither.
Jammin to (: merry Christmas buddy!
Actually, I think that's true. Kinda hard to defend it with no-fault divorce in the mix.
amazing shot!
Waste of Money on Xbox.
Time is Short Life Goes Fast .
Talking about STDs in health ... Los help me
Can I bet on being an all-star next season? Who's a better power forward in the East?
I wanna hear "what you need" by Kanye @ Jay-Z ! That my shit .
c: my kats are hams.
A little surprised the #Patriots sit on the ball here. 13-10 going into halftime.
Me too! haha i live in AK its only 1:30 but I'm soo bored
i'm flattered!!!!!!!!RT sometimes I sit in my room alone and sing taylor swift and 1D songs while looking at pictures of joe
Take my hand, close your eyes With you right here, I'm a rocketeer Let's fly
hi rachelk02 - hope all is well in your tweets today
OK I give up on hating #Girls. Twitter & masturbation scenes in latest episode were v. good. "I only eat when my eyes are cloudy"
Barefoot is the only way to go! I prefer the wet, city sidewalks with breaks for grass between my toes.
I hate it when days go by slow at my job
It's so important that he comes here cause I didnt get to go to his first concert here .
I have had the same day...gardening & baking & doing yard work....not on my list but very productive! Those are the best days!
I'm looking forward to my first rehearsal as a member of the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra Chorus.
Chris Hoff on the 7 dirty words of #cloud security at
Quick all Granderz Wish a happy birthday and a happy easter!!!!(: and fill up his timeline i hope you follow me(':
Thanks for the credit!
On a serious note: Dragon Tattoo seriously deserved that one. Some of the best editing I've ever seen.
We don't believe you, you need more people.
Come on in!
At the cell phone store. Literally 20 people waiting. Person being helped doesn't need a smart phone b/c they are very dumb. 45 minutes...
Just saw #Starships music video nd its incredible tht it was filmed inmy back yard! All the Hawaiians luv u We hope u come back!
A well deserved and much needed vacation this week. Here I come
I am. My own. Next Saturday!
The movie doesn't have a lot of violence, really. You see almost none of it, for better or worse.
Not a problem! I hope to get over to the event, it sounds like a good one and I've been to a similar event on the northside.
There's a squirrel in the trap! ...now what?
brother Nas I can't wait til May 1st for that release brother!!!
I know that's right RT : Sometimes the only thing that keeps me sane is Jesus name, He brings immediate comfort & peace. He's good.
Money Is My Lover.
Finally joined IxDA. Now leave me alone;)
I'm sorry but if you suck random guys dick like it's a fucking hobby, I'm going to think you're a hoe.
LatinExplore’s Costa Rica Travel Deals Now Include 1 Free Hotel Night
hello to you!
not much diversity in the 60's ads
If fetuses are people, there are a lot of men who owe 9 more months in child support.
I hate that time when I should be getting ready for work. Mostly because my night job is soul crushing.
Great... a gay waiter is stalking me..
wow you tweet a lot, you are really socialable. How are u doing and the shop???
Rondo is def in my top 3 favorite NBA players to watch
a widget turns the balance sheet Kodak #pagercodes EZ View image processing technology DCS Graphics
But sometimes, the hope for ice cream keeps me going. Does this mean I'm doomed?
yea like me lol
this can't happen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Thanks for the follow - you do indeed seem like a cool dude!
Emperor Palpatine scored a key legislative victory today thanking the Imperial Senate... Er House Republican Caucus 4 their support
I think is wonderful
I think the main motivation for Google is monetary (more spend). I also think it makes sense and will help canonicalize keyword sets
thanks boo! <3
After all that we've been through, i know were cool
#reenvisioningnagel Does this look familiar to those who were here 11 years ago?
we know ;) the link posted answered that for people who don't know about Type 1
#FF B4 THE GOVERNMENT THROWS U UNDER THE BUS 4 CUBAN CIGARS AND PRIVATE GOLF CLUB MEMBERSHIPS:
Go Pens!
thanks for following! #PO$ITIVEPU$H
Twitter died for a second! I know you can stay alive twitter!
#s3question If you wanted only the user to be able to see their uploaded photo, how would you implement that with s3?
Us Too! It's going to be life changing. ^staff RT Just finished #sunstandstill #sogood can't wait for "Greater"
Part of the contingent at
i never tweet from this account anymore! :/ have you missed tweets from your microphone? :)
they're just too stressed out to relax and take a shit lol
hi again =D
Are U author of Social Networking Toolkit? If so, might make a good phone interview 4 my show. More on Facebook.
Thanks for a great #nerdland. Hm. Did I miss anyone?
He'll get it next time
yep kinda. Haha
My ability to meet conditions with grace comes from my peace of mind.
we love you bro!!
Sometimes I worry I walk hunched over like that kid in high school with the roller backpack.
Gotta find a way to leave work early tonight so I can watch this UFC fight.
Thank god 4 another day n another chance 2 B great!!!!!
Recording a new song right now to put up on my youtube. Song is by And that, is what's #OnMyMind #AllDay In The
Cause you have to have hope! :D I have to give you hope! Cause you gave me hope! :D You know what I mean Jellybean!? ;D
Sad day. It gets better.
7. Who is ur best luck and how r u honoring it to get return on luck #ASTD2012 Collins
that's true, I wonder if they would give me the color of paint, damn corp landlords and their off white paint.
There are cultures composed almost entirely of metaphor, in an alignment with soul, to the point of pineal gland reconfiguration. Ecstasy.
RT : R E T W E E T this tweet if you want me to list you in my list of Jasminators <U+2665>
Its not cheating if I let you watch LC....:0)
Divorced! ;-p
I'd love that. I have to charge my phone ALL the time.
I need more pussy in my life.
You will leave with great pride, lasting pride. - Panetta
Congrats on 6 years..are you going to be getting the Reebok Question on 5/26?
Discussing if people are bothered by tweeting at events.
Today's Sandwich: Ham & Turkey Club on a Croissant with a cup of soup....$6.95
Fortunately for her, im a cannabaker:)
It snowed last night but at dusk today everyone was iceskating at the rink beneath "the Bean" in Millennium Park
I LOVE THIS GUY!!!
I don't care if you want to marry a toaster oven. It doesn't affect my life at all.
thanks for the add. I think.
RT RT smile....its easier than explaining why you're sad.
what's good?
Spring is finally here! Fresh, colorful bath products brighten evenyone's day! www.thesoapguy.com
I can't watch it right now...maybe tomorrow
Enjoying watching John Grisham on the morning talk show circuit this week. Can't wait to read Calico Joe. Loved the excerpt in SI.
Thank you for the lovely book!! I really enjoyed it (especially the ending).
Happy DiabloIII.... Er Mother's Day! :-p
She deserves it. she's a little girl who knows nothing. She strings guys along and uses the fact they lover her against them.
love that city!! RT : Driving through your city
Hahah, #Spandemonium, that's the best I've heard. We needed someone to compete with the
Ah, would that I were able to read this! Alas, not OA.
Hahahahahaha you act like you are five. Same size too
big word!? :o
If I Dont Ask For Your Opinion Then I Dont Care What You Think Or Have To Say .
About to hit this blunt and get to the studio, what y'all up to today?
RT : demo pit best in show finalist include UX Flip, Ready-Set-Work, and cWize. Good luck guys!!
Oops. Tweet from the wrong profile, it's actually playing. Not TVA. Sorry guys. :/
U need to hit that, LeBron. Totally deserve the crap storm coming your way if they lose this
Shows over): hope you guys liked my singing!!! AND NOW I HAVE TO GET READY, heading over to downtown at 11:00 to watch the fireworks.
Terrific 2 have you joining in the effort 2 impact world this way---you do this in so many wonderful ways already!
That's cool if my brain wakes up after sleeping about 2 hours, we'll see how it likes staying awake all day. I'll beat insomnia
no. It's like ensuring that people who work at a Jewish organization get the same access to ham as those who work elsewhere.
Worked on the Jo book while eating a turkey sandwich.
Unwrap yourself a joyful Christmas!!!!
can I come, too?
my little cookie monster (: I <3 you!
ikr?! Lol I think its different and cool :) they should play it more on the radio cause I hardly ever hear it
We're giving away a FLIPCAM July 12th, all you have to do is LIKE our Facebook page! www.facebook.com/RealMomTV
Today we are invited to embrace ALL THAT WE ARE. How do we do this? Take a few quiet moments to sit with your breath and intend to connect.
wishing spring break was here already !!!
in my pajamas in bed.
Did you know that redrot can SPLATTER?
S/O to the real niggas I run wit
Happy Monday, music world.
Sure film credit doesn't pay off. But I like seeing my hometown on the silver screen. Just watched The Town, again
Sweet. 5 hrs or so away.
I'm scared mimi might drink herself to death! Wtf is going on with her?!? She didn't care about jumping release or the twins
#ITL_UMD in session with Ron Yaros on advanced strategies for blended learning. Blogs, twitter, Wimba, & more.
Dick Stockton: "Long mountain to climb" WHAT?!
“: Any new records I should check out ?” Kenny Garrett's new side! Dl'd it last night and haven't stopped listening.
I want food .
thanks!! Love yew tew!!!
Watching the other Boleyn girl! Thanks
New twitter profile photo :)
BWAHAHAHA!!! Tami, you are so funny!! <3 ya girl!
I cant stop snackin on stuff....got the kitchen on lock.....
Our production company World Class Studios is getting very close to finishing our new event facitlity! Stay tuned, BIG THINGS coming!
Each and every very small stage You should know Concerning Tacori Wedding rings
No. More. Sleep. MT : Coke is in talks to acquire Monster Beverage, a move that could expand its presence in the energy-drinks market.
youu and Jaafar are so cute together! I was watching your vids last night, and I was like awhh so cute! Lol
Real G's move in silence like lasaGna .....get it now?lol
My French teacher thinks I'm crazy after I asked her I how to insult people in French
Adults have some horrible music tastes.
lol today is a good day :)
why did I find this adorable? Oh, that's why; because you are. :)
Congrats on your #Emmy nomination for #SchoolsOnTheBrink! |
follow back? :)
I never wear make up. 0 fucks given
Feel like fightin ppl
LIKE this status if you or your kids head back to school soon --- what do you look forward to the most?
Hey thanks for the add!
Cant do nothin in this weather!!
LA LA JUST ASKED DO HER SON NEED A HELMET TO RIDE A PONY... LLS... SHE CRAZY... ;-0
"...and visions. And yet, I sense their presence. I always do - and at this moment more than ever.” - Wiesel's Nobel acceptance speech
Love & Happiness
“: I would pay someone to never receive another UKNOW email” Yes dear god
Deciding what to do next. Exercise? Read? Take the kids for a dip in a public fountain? Snack? Your suggestions are welcome...
you'll be fine... everyone speaks English better than I do!
its hard bro you wouldn't be able to.
spin that record babe
Join us to raise money for the Jerry Dunaway Brain Cancer/Music Benefit on 4/20! Great music line up for a great cause!...
loved it!
On my way home from Greek dance
keeping focused, keeping positive
Thank you to for the delightful blueberry cupcake yesterday in order to promote #RevereBoston!! Favorite cupcake flavor!!
But Im The One ... LOl. I Dont Get It ... I Feel Like Your Ass Gone Get Cut Too ...
alright I got you.
Busy Day
I wanna be the only one, for miles and miles, except for maybe you and your simple smile. (;
It was a pretty dang good movie. You prob already know this, but you should stay until the credits end. Have fun!
hi. just trying to get things done..and what r 'u' doing? ;)
that's quite disturbing :/
yes, we're in a problematic situation (and by "we", I mean the faculty). We both need to be self-reflexive and critical ...
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do." Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
When you truly find love, you find yourself.
Walking down the street, wondered why I got some puzzled looks. Realized I was singing that Month of May song from Camelot. Out loud. Ah,no.
Happy Friday Promo tonight
if you do take your shirt off please take pictures and post them.
iight,when you gon let me hear it?
Stupid. #twc cause of them I have no fuckin cable phone or wifi I have 2 come 2 the library! Wat shows am I missing 2 nite #3 days!
First blast of AC in the office.
Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
did that caller really just say "I've partooken in college?" perhaps he should partake in going back and trying again.
Hello to new followers Also another cooler person
So hard to say goodbye to my mom today.. Crying is the worst. I love you mom! See you this summer. <33
I-Week has begun
why? was your kid reacting? Or just his/her philosophy?
Thanks, I'll look into that.
Pac 12 Tourney, new site options cont.: Move it to Portland, 4 schools & fans could drive (cheaper), Vegas (WCC, WAC, MWC already there)...
Watching Billboard Dad on VHS with on a Friday night <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
No , i broke a nail -__-
so cool! How did you get that??
Monday thanks for the #FF and Mentions! :-)
is the hammer on yammer?
Asked cleverbot what my name is. It said "awesome". Well, it's official. #iamawesome lol
You do not decline -that much- in 6 months.
#RIPSeathJackson he was killed a year ago by his friends. 4/17/11
same here, although I was hoping I could see my dad this weekend. I'm sure how thats gonna work out.
Kobe "Not Gone Fishing" Bryant
RT : Just had a great chat with talking about #SoundStreak. A good new service for VO talent.
Welcome back,
As of now I dont...not liking the prices I'm seeing on stubhub. We are also doing an IUAA game watch.
Oh how I loathe this song.
I am loving taking classes at Stanford while in Brisbane. Their programming methodology class is incredible and exciting. Love new things!
We only have one life to live. It's a must that we live it to the fullest.
Gosse: We should move away from our conservatism as a discipline - follow where the oral history takes you.
Jeans represent democracy in fashion. ~Giorgio Armani
What do you mean by "a network?"
txt me!
I just dont understand how people don't like Weezer.
Are you using it?
Im a oreo
im broke and damn near hopeless like you, but shut the fuck up and do some research damn
it's a must-do! Tokyo is my favorite city in the world (next to New York, of course ;)
Milk smells gross. Unless it has lucky charms.
And there's the paper title: "Moles, Voles, and Trolls: Identifying the Twitter Underground."
My goal in life is to survive. Everything else is just a bonus.
gooodgoood, lol. I'm graduating on friday ;D
sounds good to me :)))
I'm the guy you want to follow...
If Facebook ruins relationships then guns kill people, pencils misspell words, cars make people drive drunk & spoons make you fat.
still no call back from principle ((teacher threw my son's gingerbread house he made in the trash as a punishment)) your thoughts?
Zagat is potentially adding food trucks for next year? I approve, but add more than 2 for Baltimore, please.
Good trade on Pineda New York!
bro dont retract ur statement just cause people came at you about it you punk who are you to talk about rose injury?
love that my cuz does hair she's family...i can trust she knows what she's doin
After the SUPERBOWL, Please check out my resume...Looking for District Manager position...www.filmproces0130.moonfruit.com
We should limit saturated fats and eliminate trans fats
When I die, I want to go peacefully like my Grandfather did, in his sleep -- not screaming, like the passengers in his car
THE WHOLE CD FAM
Which one?
“: Omg me and are such cunts hahaha” awesome.
Gillie has finished working on 3 of my songs. he still needs to finish 5 more songs :o whoever wants a cd, when he's done, hmu:)
has confirmed that the FBI in New York has opened an inquiry into JPMorgan Chase's $2 billion loss
it was good times. Hope you can come next year.
oh yeah I am. Love it!!
Bert from The Used's best Vegas memory: "One time I won $3,600 and bought my friend Bubba a black prostitute."
Perfect weather <3 Only time I can say I love florida.
following people on twitter (YES!) following people in real life (>.>) (<.<) (>.>)
was good??
Why the Midwest is great for startups: Higher population concentrations foster incubators and coworking spaces.
Hahahaha well at least your making it up tomorrow
how about a long puppy one? BOL!!
Ability is what you're capable of doing. Motivation determines what you do. Attitude determines how well you do it.
whenever I'm up early and see other people out, I think: wait, you do this every day? I wish I were a morning person.
Can I tell you a story about by pussy? Nevermind, you won't get it.
I don't know what you wanted me to do. You didn't want to do what we wanted to do until after you left Johnny's. I couldn't
Sad the way the camera cuts Paul out even when talking about health reform
RT :19 yr old shot in Mt. View Nov said he was shot near school but lied; he was shot in a gunfight while trying to rob poker players.
so many memories today , stayed up until 4 am with Jackie and her mom , christina , me and sister and my mom . so much fun !
They all just walked into a bar???
Hahaha , ya know...
mine and and Spring Break has just been made!
I forreal am giving up on you
Ain't mad at 'ya. Being a fan is all about having opinions
Sounds like something would say... ": Didn't get ID'ed... Yet again. #holla"
just logged in to my account to realize I'm about a mile short of making the top 10 leaderboard.
Yup! RT : BO is so natural lol
i love it how you give you'r best in everything you do, but it's not for you it's for us. &' how you do so much just for us (:
The good old days weren't that good for everyone. My mother & grandmother both worked out of home w school aged kids long before feminism.
RT I Would Rather #TaxtheRich Than Take More from a Middle-Class That Has Been Cut for 10 Years.
hahha, i have the same problem! its very annoying. i dont even think i got that far with my dad!
don't leave without us!
I think some academics think good cv design looks "non-academic" or "too business-y".
You need the hotline number. I'm sure you could talk or into giving you that.
nice one of my fave jerseys and color ways out there.
Thanks !! You never forget :)
maybe not this year but next years #grammynominations :Best New Artist=Daniel Eiseman
Getting pumped up for today by listening to
jonathan herrera opposite field home run!
likewise! Thanks for connecting!
hey bro u gunna be on??
it's actually not until tomorrow night! today is only wednesday. :)
"A mind, like a home, is furnished by its owner, so if one's life is cold and bare he can blame none but himself." Louis L'Amour 1908 - 1988
Oh, and by the way, adjuncts ARE faculty.
Somethng methody pple will tell u they do not teach method acting, but be careful there r many different branches of method acting out there
If you give the referees two points for ever foul called, they'd make the Final Four.
Fascinated to overhear a story about the pita shortage in New York. I want to hear more! at
if they just print more money it'll pull us out of this economic slump. What's taking them so long?
hubby is getting your leadership bible for b-day!
RT One other thing from Sione: he noted event is @ a hotel on Hope Road. Not sure if it's a coincidence, he said, but it's fitting
All #AMA leaders know this is true! RT #AMASummit the currency for volunteers is thank you
Basketball tournament again <3
We are all believers, whether we fess up to it or not.
so did you ever have to swirly yourself?
You thought wrong.
We should write up a short piece on this for Maybe and could weigh in? :)
AH PARIS IS JUST AMAZING!!!!!!!
Foy Sauce.. how big of a loser do you have to be to actually write what you did? Sad.
On the road to the next job location.
Same here. And yet, I'll see them both...
Got some muffins from Just Muffin Around!M Good.Looking for Video work!Who wants to be on youtube?
anchor debut! in for
Welcome to the Twitters! via
Not quite sure why my NEVER has what I want in stock
RT Also see Understanding Salsa Dance for Fitness
At home bored got know one to text wtf
I hate when bands say "soon". Like when is soon?!
Biking over the Williamsburg Bridge makes me feel like I own this city
good one “: words meen nothing with out the actions behind them”
any useful tips?
maybe some of our ladies need to stop in!
omg, i think i really have anger problems
almost lost my oldest son 8 years ago in a horrific crash. no words for what you're going through. be well.
I'm a big fan. Emails: constantcontact and myemma.
The jumbo marshmallows were a good idea in theory but in reality they get to heavy for the roasting stick
like public education?
follow me pretty please!!!!
BEAUTY TIP: Everyone loves a nice hand cream as a stocking stuff -- even guys!
I know what you mean! I can no longer drink from glasses made of glass- it always smells like an aquarium!
I have not seen that! I'll pass it on to our editing team!
Tonights going to be a long night...and I have no one to txt... ):
Can't decide if Francine or Danny Rebus is my favorite character on the Electric Company.
We need to realize it is no cake walk for us into final 4. Let's play our best and beat baylor FIRST
Sleep. Rest is your best friend at this point to give your body a recover.
“: My world wouldn't be the same without you.”
just said not to leave my computer unattended cause it will get hacked...bwahahaha - u aint ninja enough!
ABSOLUTELY!!! RT : Always tip your bartender/cocktail waitress. Even when your drink is free. #sxsw tips
Ugh, JavaScript. Why do you hate me?
don't say that you might get more than a Mouth Full!! Wink
Nice layover in Dallas with on the way back to New York.
Mike Wallace in a bears uniform??? i bet likes that idea
Just got a #spraytan, SoCal beauty rituals never fail to amuse me
Anyone looking for a recent Masters grad to do paid work for them? :)
ha same the girl thing ain't good Dm me an ill tell u why
cup of ecuador and a spectacularly beautiful nc morning.
Have to get going. Putting myself on Internet pause.
Hope you're bringing some Pittsburgh flavor to your new home!
IT'S GREAT TO BE A FLORIDA GATOR
Why do they always make them sing on these shows after they A) get kicked off or B) win crazy big?
I need to stop writing Bash scripts. They're a pain to test and inevitably get rewritten in Python.
It looks like no body on twitter cares about the World Series!? C'mon!
went great - thanks for asking. Lots of good folks on hand. Really satisfying and fun day.
RT : A lot of California retirements are b/c of redistricting, but they might help Dems take a seat or two out there.
Damn, it was cold.
Mad men in 2 hours. I can almost smell the scotch abd lucky strikes
Incoming Txts & Planning Requests 4 Trips to NYC Have been Overwhelmingly Positive!The Awesome Weather Helps!
thank you so much for following me!! It made my day so much!!!
Front Flip, LLC is seeking an enthusiastic, organized and detail-oriented Graphic Designer.
No, I know. I just read it oddly. Seemed to chide OPS, but say M's better bc of slugging, and could really improve w/ OBP.
now if only he did that in a #Mariners uniform..
there is something entirely fucked up with my nine year old sister singing "come on a cone".
I love how Jasmine lets you specify the load order of JS libraries so that the dependencies are loaded first, i.e Underscore & Backbone
that's impressive hair.
DON'T EVEN BOTHER
Happy Anniversary to The Duke and Duchess of Cornwall aka William & Catherine aka Wills & Kate
oh that's right. I forgot you were short. Sorry :/
Austin is the live music capital of the world!
Boys that wear beanies >
I loved Bird by Bird! Awesome read. Thanks for the reminder.
metal or hardcore or hard rock.
People are so oblivious!
Like forreal though, it's so good !
My wife wasn't even a thought in my mind until 3 1/2 years ago
RT : O...love getting interest e-mails from college players in the KC area about the Shock. Just makes my day!
#StayStrongRyanKennedy Great twitter trend His dream is going to come true :)
No excuse not to vote today! Nat'l Wx Svc just issued Spcl Wx Stmnt HOT WX across SO CAL! 80's Coast/90's Inland - High Surf/High Winds.
lol u welcome
Follow Me Please I Would Probably Scream To The World If Your Did Please Follow Me...!! (:
Influencing the influencers. What's possible and what's not.
Chillin w. tonight (:
Our single is almost done and ready for release...
#HR Mover & Shaker Alert!! If you don't know who is the Creator of the Community you are missing out!
thank you. Ur awesome
thanks lizzer. You comin out this weekend obv, I went out for yours.
happy hump day! ")
actually finished something in photoshop, o yeaa
Glad to hear. Never let anyone take your joy. Every waking day is a reason to smile and give thanks.
MT If 60% of people on Zillow don't have agents maybe it's because they don't want one. [Or need one]
No More Nice Guy....! They Sleep on me!
are prepping 4a killer private party next Saturday. Have us 2yer place and we'll tear it up with ya!
Totally agreed. I've watch Perry play a few games and just don't get the hype yet.
#CreativeCloud Is this a ram hog? wonder...
its a strange thing as the festival is diverse in that films are selected from across the globe to participate. However....
not yet, I want to get mine set up this week
nice pictures i enjoy looking at the sweet kids smile
sometimes i wish i was a vampire just to be all cool and mysterious
Yes! We do have room! Should we put you guys in?
Staying true to the game no names playing it cool...
Lady behind me in Subway seemed to have other things on her mind when she ordered a 6ft Italian she meant 6* ft long subs on Italian bread!
I heard it was going to happen I'd love to catch up also
The roads were okay at 5 this morning - but now... They are slippery as a rattlesnake in a pickle jar!
Lol well ill officially be a graduate on the 22nd . ;)
You all need a sense of sarcasm. So cereal. Jebuus.
Downtown San Diego NEEDS better breakfast spots. And more of them! Don't people realize it really is the most important meal of the day?
How is that a fielders choice?
Probably my favorite painting in Washington, DC.
Thanks! And, yeah, it's no fun.
lol,I know it hurts. Don't bust it .
So I just read all the chapters of My secrets . I cried so much </3 . Very good story though Leanne ! - Jordan Blaze <3
:( it's bittersweet for sure, but I'll be back. Don't be afraid to say 'hi' when you see me!
wish I had been more productive this weekend; playing catch-up is no fun.
so much left unsaid..
Stream is down? I'll die!
Actors need to continual "re-charge" their batteries. Sometimes, it's getting out of town, sometimes seeing a great movie. Other times....
good morning, good night sleep?
he told me to pull them up and I didn't even have them low at all
I'm willing to take a risk in order to view a change .
Holy hotness! I think I may have to actually use my A/C!
tell paige i hope she knocks it out!
nice c: call me soon!
seriously considering putting them back in public school again. I just can't get cooperation.gonna be even harder when baby comes
So excited! About to fly on 's bigger 737-800 from BWI-PHX! I luv !!!
im gonna crash the shit out of your so called bro week
Good lucks!
I figure my chances are just as high as if I really prayed to an imaginary man.
MensHealthMag: "I can accept failure. Everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying."—Michael Jordan
Thx!!RT “: Incredible soundtrack - so powerful. Great way to come back after an off year!#myfavoritewg”
If u mean, more white female ones, yeah.
About to go 2 da crib n make sum beats!
Happy National High Five Day & a BIG #ThankYouThursday to you!
I mean I was looking at Bon Appetit! My eyes were on the pictures not the words.
tell me when you go bc I'll go with you :):)
We've got 1/2 price bottles of vino all day and all night! Mondays aren't so bad, are they?
Happy Pre-Friday! All themed photos this month! A lot more seasonal fun coming here & VIP's get the full sets on my site! XOXO!!
looking for #recipe for butternut squash/goat cheese quiche had last week!! delicious!
because I was still watching the show. Now that I'm over the show, I want to read those links. But they are lost to twitternesia. Alas.
Hey Eric Im so happy that you got your account back, Im so excited for the drama and hope that everything rocks Hwaiting OPPA
Thanks so much for the RT! We really appreciate it! Great to meet you!
hell yea cant wait. Aye do ur edmodo
still disappointed Marvel Studios didn't include Ant-Man & Wasp in The Avengers movie... (nerd pout
Question for clarification: What other part-time jobs offer benefits?
hey girl been on vacation. Is there still time to write something up tomorrow for next month??
my secret fear is that falling for phishing scams comes with age. you've got a few years...
Had an amazing MiniBük debut at #NSA10! Ran out of samples! See how MiniBük & CardBük can advance your communication strategy @ minibuk.com
Just had a jam session with & my brother
"Crosby starts a new relationship" (?) tonight on #Parenthood. This should be fun.
If you come to London, I'm free to go shop! #shoppingbuddies :)
oh blah. You can make it. Pinch yourself if necessary. Try some runners stretches. Do the robot - when no one is looking.
One thing was going through cascades students minds...YOLO!
Thanks again for using ShowClix Paul. Have an amazing time at the show! :)
Already talking about the future of the Mobile App with
WHY U LAUGHN im serious im mad at u tell me what he said
I was hoping someone would notice!
Is it just me or do grey/ colored tights make your legs look super stubby... :(
Rumor has it I'm the one he's leaving you for..
So and I are thinking: Maybe this game will end with same score as the Tigs game last night, 15-5. How bizarre that would be.
Happy Birthday! Hope that you have a great day!
#ThingsThatBoredPeopleDo Complain about how bored they are but never do anything about it.
Neighbors of man shot dead on north side Friday tell me he was very friendly, also hearing impaired and would sometimes write to communicate
- you girls are having a blast I see.
So, , "outage in the area" day 4, & we've had 6 internet outages so far this a.m. -- but our DVR box works. Would love some answers.
CNN: Ray J found Whitney dead. 5 minutes later... CNN: Ray J wasn't even at the hotel where she died.
#zippem up UC style! I wonder if wants in on this one.
the quick red fox jumped over the lazy dog.
Just ran in to a hacker face to face on google chrome
is seriously the man.
RT : Despite what happened last night, this one is over. And at the risk of repeating myself, Pac-12 shoulda been 1-bid league.
Pardon my back bidges! I'm getting that!!!!!!
Shut your stupid, impoverished face. And thank you. RT : you have the best twitter username ever
Checking out cloudera's vm image
women being bitchy
Booked a commercial yesterday!!!
Fact: #Verizon wrongfully fired dozens of workers for speaking out against their anti-worker practices.
I WILL win this poke war on Facebook with the Pope if it's the last thing I do...
As hillbillies age, they're called hillwilliams
A wise person once said: Nobody wants it, untill somebody wants it, the everybody wants it!!
Has anyone mentioned yet?
Did you see the reddened moon early this morning? It was the last total lunar eclipse until 2014.
Happy Birthday!
My feet hurt
#infocampseattle isn't lightning spelled wrong?
Thank you. It's nice not to get treated like an evil entity.
Made a few calls have got couple of meetings tomorrow hope there's some good news
At the dentist need a new profile pic
Sample: "Batracchomyomachia, or the Homerican Battel between Frogs and Mice, neatly described upon the Chizel Bone of a large Pike's Jaw."
nah he ain't as sexy as me (; a little bit less sexier than me (;
“: needs to be famous. This music belongs on so many movie soundtracks. It's absurd.” my thoughts exactly.
Poor Tucker man is having some anxiety. He's been in my hip pocket all day and whining a bunch.
CONGRATULATIONS Music Fans Around The World Voted You... Favorite New Country Star of November 2010
yay jenna von oy n the one brother from blossom are going to be on 'til death tonite w mayim bialik
children of the lord
I mean it really seems like what you want is a custom dashboard. But that would be hugely expensive...
Sounds like Ponderosa Trail Drive is a white ribbon of death. Don't go there. Reports of sideways snow, ice and dolts in SUVs.
Twinkle twinkle little whore, closes your legs your not a door. Twinkle twinkle little whore this is school not Jersey Shore... :)
should be working, try refreshing your browser window
#HappyBirthdayBiancaC Hope your birthday is GRAND! Hope you and your family have a Merry Christmas!
Love the Spink, but it took me literally about 5 minutes to figure out how to remove the metal loop holding the instructions
your a badass that who you are!
Let's hope so!
Plz follow me pit I love u:)
Isn't this story amazing?
Headed to Hilcrest graduation with my Uncle n Tae.
Popular business terminology... "doing more, better, faster, with less". Translation: "Unsustainable"
u still freshman though so u have three more years of varsity!
don't need a gym necessarily. There are some home exercises
At 7:45 a.m., I tried to buy one #katespadeny coat. I was charged twice, but bank says #katespade tried to charge me 4 times!
of events that occurred previously." It is therefore a
Why are there so many people at taco bell right now??
lol I'll cook for you butt naked if you call me daddy... ;)
I can tell you love the sun :D
im gonna cry.
no problem! i love your work and 's too. if i get i minute, i'll toss up something on my blog this week for both
My life is complete. I am now friends with Laura McGrath Weaver on Facebook.
Thanks for supporting sustainable forestry
Devote a great deal of time talking to buyers face to face. You'd be dazzled what number of companies don't listen to their customers.
pssh let's go
terrible game
ask the coach why you were red hot at the start and he sat you for Roy...I'm mad!
lol are the sex houses dirty? Like disease wise,?
tearin the town apart!
I FILED FEBRUARY 2011, AND THE LONGEST WAIT THEY SAY IS A YEAR AND A HALF, SO I AM STILL LOOKING AT POSSIBLY A JULY HEARING...
Chinese food obtained!!!!
Is it puppy time yet? Seriously, work is going too slowly.
"Cindy" and "Karen" at #Crossfit. They beat me and left me sore. Tonight is going to be "Fight Gine Bad". My last benchmark for week 1.
what was that tweet about someone being gross?
good on you. This is what #OccupySD should do--denounce flag burning assholes
Check us out over Jazzfest, we'll be at Vaughan's on May 6 from 9pm til midnight!
well its up to you i wanted to go with you to see what you wanted to see
A Michigan man has sent me a playing card to autograph, thinking I am the Rickey Young who played for the Chargers and Vikings. With a SASE.
This is what I get for starting that project at 10 pm on the night before it's due
Happy bday to my little sister brenda I love you !
Nothing better than laying in bed listening to Ed Sheeran.
Giving away 6 Blue Man Group tickets on Wednesday for Party Rock!
My youth handbell ringers suddenly got it together today, after a couple of weeks of tough rehearsals. Now they can play everything!
who are you kitten we are talking starting right meow
thank you bro I really appreciate it
Getting ready to head to CBP with Let's go ! Keep the hits comin'!
any chance the Browns make a move for Michael Jenkins or Brandon Lloyd? How about trade for A. Samuel?
Hey hun I need you email address...
Having a fun time exploring the idea of giving a lecture in Dubai. Would love to go there someday.
I look forward to the really short wig! You have a beautiful face and it shouldn't be hidden behind all that hair!:)
Just met the new managers at
#ThingsMyBestfriendsDo braid my hair
Dear Graduating class of 2012... you are all unhireable based on your facebook accounts
Did you ever run that ruby file? Haha. :0
I know its a sin...
Representin'! RT : This is a special shout out for #holla!
So it's official. No Snow Leopard for me till I can get to an Apple store. Superdrive is completely dead.
I love <3
APRIL! I haven't talked to you FOREVER! <3
Honestly you turned out to be the best thing i never had! <3
hell ya when you gonna be back in buffalo? you no my boy
my KSUDigMe class listened to his story on This American Life. Didn't know about the retraction mentioned in this story.
RT : is back in #brooklyn. stay tuned.
Take the time to make someone else feel important.
Siri can't cancel subscriptions
#Education Nation
Sprints services kinda sucking right jow
I run a option offense in lyfe...qotta defend my Qb keep, pitch, and my pass
we just came home on the way listened to hannah montana soundtrack. my mother was tired of taylor swift fearless.
R.I.P to the girl you used to know
Christ almighty! - Got in himmel! - (I'm jammin)
Flight is delayed over a faulty bolt. Now might be a good time to try out my new HP wand. "Bolt Reparo!" , , &
IT'S NOT MY FAUGHT U MISSED THE BOAT.... U'VE BEEN SITTING ON THE DOCK OF THE BAY WASTING TIME WATCHING TIDE ROLL AWAY... WHILE I GOT IT IN
Nice to bump into you on Twitter. Looks like you've been here a while..surprised it didn't happen sooner. Hope all is well!
can't wait!
merger was approved! Thank you to for fighting for dancers rights.
Just beat Cod MW3 shit was cold from start to finish. Epic ass finish to the franchise.
Obviously, and I (in our matching fleeces) will shun you henceforth.
Justin Beibers hair comes from
i still cant believe that im taking my O's this year, in just a few months time.haha.
I should really stop letting my anger out on my walls.
I would love to be able to sleep past 10 but my body just won't anymore..
Three down, 159 more to go.
Not if you're there. You make it what it is. I'll be checking out your tweets. =)
Thanks girl I'm super excited! RT : hey thanks for following me. Congrats on the engagement!!! <3
Michael Thiel is.
Super excited to be a sponsor of "Selling Digital Media in the 21st Century" panel event today!
I know you have so much on your plate that you don't need me whining at you too.
Several deaths of fashionable ladies from the too free use of [red and white face] paint are recorded. (1855)
Top populated countries in order China, India, United States, Indonesia, Brazil, Pakistan, Bangladesh, Nigeria, Russia, Japan.
Alright. Just seems counter-intuitive to WP's UI setup. Thanks for the ideas.
Latfor is meeting now to give final approval of redistricting lines before votes in both houses
Hip Hop Mix!!!!! www.soundcloud.com/hip-hop-mix-1-19-12
Detroit Music Awards and best of. Big night in the D! #DMA's
It was fun while it lasted though haha
I'm not too inclined to join 'scenes'. I much prefer to create my own.
their coming here June 2nd & I'm going d: I'm probably gonna start crying
Thanks for that Nixon post.
I bumped my little head...and I do have a very little head...despite the photo..
Thanks for the Follow , Happy New years
Your don't look a day over 30, my friend:-)
the ready set young forever good song if you havnt heard it
Times sure does fly after a great holiday weekend. It's already Pre Payday Thursday tomorrow!
You should be following 's tweets right now.
fine fine.
if she likes your big woodpecker,smelly lookin, broke back mountain lookin, fat nose then she can keep you
i like my boxes and buttons, thank you very much.
This half & half snapple >
Happiness comes of the capacity to feel deeply, to enjoy simply, to think freely, to risk life, to be needed. - Storm Jameson
I want to ask u wat ur fav part in the Starships video??
my bad, y'all. keep on truckin'. love, c
The best milkshake I ever had was in Wyoming. I think. It was near a major national park.
great! thanks
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I'm on....thanks to my daughters little pink radio. What a win!! Is it my reception or does Dwyer have an accent?
RT Done with fitness, going to get something to eat noww.
be nice, Jay Z trying too bad he hane no talent, he have to steal
Well put together like a piece by Gershwin
Haters can't hurt you unless you let them.
While we are mourning the loss of our friend, others are rejoicing to meet him behind the veil.
A resolute determination is the truest wisdom. -Napoléon I
I'm with #TeamFlipPhone #TeamChrisBrown , If she don't shut it up, then it's #TeamShutItDown -
So, What's your story?(:
please don't send me spam crap. Mkay? Thanks a million.
I feel weird tonight...like just blah.
Is the radio ever going to stop playing gotye?
Wow Lakers had a 16 point lead half way through the 3rd qtr...
You made me laugh so hard you gave me a double chin batman!
My family, friends, and community are here in El Paso not with Austin insiders, Austin fundraisers, or Austin politicians. #Vote Enriquez
You guys! (That was very sweet to see when coming back to my hotel room after a long day.)
Current hosts include Sandusky Library and Lorain County Community College. Westerville will be hosting the program and one of the authors.
I leave tonight w/ a 10 page blog explaining what the E system is (again) and why my rumors are 100 % legit but aren't but are.
you never came n saw me!
what r u at now?
#lifevineworks is a program of the City of Chicago's
Guarantee everyone involved with #RacketBoys just got the late deadline notice on their phone/comp. Back to the cut on Thursday.
Thanks Lynette!
Helicopter has been circling over north Santa Ana for the past couple hours
Why are people from #occupywallstreet movement being arrested for visiting a Citibank as a group to withdraw their money? Crazy!
I know the feeling. Rest well. It's only 2:30 here.
<---- WORLD'S BEST SPY/STALKER LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
I think Allen West's tweets do not respect any word's individual sovereignty of their actual meanings.
RT Dying to know what it was ME Lavery's Devil Bird.A bourbon barrel aged imperial porter.How can you do that...
Is it bad my daughter chose beautiful, cute, and nice as 3 words to describe herself? And is it bad I made her change cute to smart? She's 8
"Crazy Thing About It, I Don't Need A Cosigner Sayin I Got It"
I HOPE YOU HAVE A AMAZING BIRTHDAY. AND ALL YOUR WISHES COME TRUE AND MAYBE U FOLLOW ME BACK. HAPPY 16 BIRTHDAY <3333333333333
#dtv RT “: #cubs fan should cherish these nationally televised games. Not gonna happen a lot this year, or next. #brewers”
#ThatAwkwardMoment where realizing you were religiously programmed takes you back to the pure, simple gospel truth.
aye do you know the girl peyton's takin on a date tomorrow at the pool?
Hobans Coffee in DuPont w/ tomorrow, tentative 5 or 6:30 until the man himself confirms. Cool?
Back from professional development. Reinvigorated.
Lmao Rita is making me laugh!!
She never fails to ask me the dumbest questions ,
an orchestra is playing the pirates of the Caribbean theme song outside at the grove... Kept walking by so I felt like I had a theme song.
Sometimes you can't be sure of who to trust...even if they are your FRIENDS...
Fighting a sudden compulsion to clean things cc:
#soexhausted, just wanna go to bed
busy with work &car issues ..joining a sand volleyball team this summer, should be fun :D
No digital ME3 for me--I can't sell it when I'm done with it!
Home again. Loved Grand Canyon but Canyonlands even more. Flagstaff is fabulous! Dogs loved traveling but glad 2B home too.
Car accidents and injuries are far too common around industrial trucks. Use these driving tips to share the road safely:...
need coffee
Microsoft's Office current critical updates for Mac = 500+ MBs. Does memory grow on trees now? Sorry for all you with less than 500GB HDs.
Making some deliveries to Kent Station and Tacoma! I hope the Blue Angels can run the clouds away.
Follow my real account please!
HATE FEELING NT WELCOME ...WELL THATS MY Q
Mom's decided to upgrade from a "phone" to an iPhone. Halleleuah. I suspect wiring her better will be like regaining 30% of her.
#PRIME2012 Catch me at #SixFlagsGeorgia on Saturday
Enjoying The Small Things In Life >>>>>>> YOLO
Hiccup! Tomorrow night at Hyperion Tavern. I'll be reading bad poetry and waving like Queen Elizabeth.
oh your not a #Lawrence bro but u know what you are
ontario now<3
Avila on fans booing Inge "it's hard not to notice, as players it's kind of upsetting because of what Brandon has meant to this team"
NAPLAN is no big deal. Y'all need to calm yourselves.
Spontaneous streak is on. Sign up now and get ready to streak. Vandy Belmont area
Good morning lovelys :)
have a blast man ;)
i love so much. i honestly wish he never moved so i could just drive to cincinnati every weekend and hug him.. lolol :)
Congrats #Nats! Awesome win! Lovin the revived offense! Take that Phillistines!!
to you as well beautiful
Follow #CCDP2012 for all of my updates on today's convention.
Looking forward to my Sunday walk with
Ohyeahbitch!!! El viernes a ver MTV World Stage con Taylor Swift & el Speak Now World Tour<U+2665>.<U+2665>
Let no man pull you low enough to hate him. -- Martin Luther King Jr.
" I was a drum major for peace. "~~~Martin Luther King, JR.
About to make me some fried pickles, :)
I'm sorry but there are the weirdest ppl tonight at burks
This is so transparent it makes me feel dumber.
How do 5 gay men walk? In One Direction.
Julio got a mohawk .... Mother of god he looks 10x better <U+2665>.<U+2665>
Thumb Thru Check Summertime Time Get Money !
RT Get quick access to #SGIAExpo information on your mobile phone: www.sgia.org/m
“: yeah cause her "girls" are huge as well! #milkin?” lol :-) she has a lit glow to her too
you only get to pick 2
Please Micheal Jackson was a great entertainer, and it is a sad story, but my god it is not like he was a great leader or a great thinker.
I haven't tweeted in a long time >_<
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 103
Guess who. MT : OH : "I wanna be a baby tiger. Think theyd let a baby tiger edit the Entertainment channel?"
Everyone always says you only fall in love once, but that's not true. Every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
Happy Valentines! Thanks for the chance!
Our Citizenship Class in Spanish starts at 6:00pm. Remember to use the side entrance!
for me the BYOD dilemmas include: equity vs. individual choice; parity vs. diversity
Dear Osha, thanks for following!
Who actually thinks it's entertaining to fight and kill dogs Sick fuck. Go Packers
Omg! 51!! Hahaha you go, girl!
#breakingnews from a possible bomb threat was called in to the Governor's office today...
My feet are killing me
DOM'S BOMB.
@ da hospital... But I'll be alright!) tell mark to follow me again!)
What's to come for tomorrow?? Who knows, but whatever it is, it's gots ta be on and crackin'!
Happy SUPER EARLY BIRTHDAY! And your dream will become a reality(: <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665> xoxo
Celtics and 76ers tip off their series tonight in Boston at 8 p.m. ET.
I'm probably going to vote for because every other candidate might as well be a literal etch-a-sketch.
Raining or not #Happyfriday !
This is what I keep saying.
Austin slept on kitna's arm strength ...www.thesportsland.com
Started the #NewYear off right, by putting #preparationH up my #dogs sore #butthole. Go #2012!
I could swallow the seas to wash down all this pride.
You're as good at love as you are at lying!
who were you talking about on the voice? Im watching it right now
lol every black dude adored Brittany as kids .... As did I! A noble compliment indeed lol
Troy OMG that was hilarious.. And the faces you were making.. You guys were so funny. glad I got to watch some of it!
Gearing up for ABAI
Great job boys - fun weekend in Rosemont with
it's a great night here at Outwrite. Hot Drinks, brand new music, and a BIG SALE. Come OUT tonight and get your shopping on!
K. I have Mel's book.
I use both, but my computer more often.
Of coarse dawg ;D
Worst invention of all time - Helicopter Ejection Seats Chalk one up for the Belgians
Just do it. Don't stop until you achieve it and then do some more. Be blessed. :)
This is some bullshit
Aubrey looks like she has her eyebrows taped way open all the time. lol
Loved it! They should have referenced "DeMoulas" or even "Mahhket Bahsket" and the "gahhden." Fuhlenes was my favorite part!
checked local ABC online for news...nothing...FOX LA is on it...
You! Out of the Gene Pool!
Good thing I'm going to see during national princess week. I'm his Princess.
less the 5 minutes away from playing the Edward Shapr and the Magnetic Zeros "Home" on
#Survivior needs challenges that forces them to make game changes or U have to leave! No one is allowed to ride !
yes this is true but getting better at forgetting
No you arent
I don't use drugs, my dreams are frightening enough
I have a DSLR shooter for you. How do I get you in touch with him?
Awe real cute. Real cute. Lmao!
Late-April rain in Arizona? I need some sort of photographic evidence of this.
& are in soho nyc recording soul food mixtape 2 RIGHT NOW!
#piwppi love listening to all the awesome speakers at Ignite and so glad it's not me!
Hey #GOP: #immigrants are not lazy. Every immigrant I see is working their asses off! cleaning toliets, pursuing phd's in biology, etc.
Heading out to at #AllNight #trancefamilylv #lvtrancemovement see you there !
How ya been love?
(): ask my share of good questions, too—i'll be resisting the urge to tweet & drive. :P
Their per capita output of outrage must be reaaallly low
#HAPPYBIRTHDAYMIKEYFUSCO #HappyBirthdaySpikeyMike ur 13 now!!! I hope u have a great one! Happy birthday!! <3
i love you so much omg omg omg omg omg omgo mgom gom gomgaopdfgmaoisjfalisdjiasldjaisd YOU'RE MY FAVORITE GINGER
I have social media campaign gig you might be interested in. It's in CA. Ping me back if you want to discuss.
Thank You..You 2..
#nw tales from the crypt - slaves dolls...
“: IT IS WHAT IT IS!!! GREAT SEASON #STEELERNATION THOSE OF YOU TALKING CRAP WILL BE BLOCKED” block away
then I'm getting an average of 24 hours per week added to my life
What is it good for? Absolutely nothing.
I love coke zero too! But I have to get my 3-4 cups of coffee in daily, before I can drink anything else haha
Really enjoyed #ib4 last night - my first one! Great interactions and lots of good people to follow. Looking forward to ib5!
yep 100% dedication
I just paid 54.99 for a dark match! W/ that said I happen to love the funkasauraus
Haha I thought that shit was off limitz! Bouncers will kick your ass for that.
when u look dis good u got to bee cocky
#Artfact- James Maxwell photographed a tartan ribbon which was the first color photograph, made in 1861.
Mavs getting SCHOOLED by White Erkel! HOW, WHAT, WHY!!!
Happy belated anniversary ladies!
Obama gets couple off the political sidelines: We talked about that at their home in Rainier Beach on Thursday evening. Leo is a conf...
No fan of Obama but you really think Mitt Romney is going to make that much difference?
Declared by the Council of the City of #Pittsburgh, today is "Tony Duran Day"
Why the hell do I NEVER know about meetings at work till a day before?!
Yup. Poop floats RT : don't shit tho, it will clog the filter. FACT!
Champions keep playing until they get it right. ~ Billie Jean King
. my bff has an article on this subject coming out in soon....
road trip to San Antonio
im everybody see tht why i dnt talk to u haha
do u know which Game u u goin to I am goin the 9th I think
Boy from One Direction.
You lint licker!
They got plenty hello kitty stuff here would love it lmao
The best feeling in the world is when you can make someone's day !
Happy Valentines Day to the most amazing girlfriend in the world <333
Thanks ! We use your website as a resource all the time
oh, I get your road rage, I'm okay with that. I'm not okay with my mom not understanding one way streets.
Anybody want a puppy?
No need to buy a christmas present for He got one today
How do the Badgers only have 12 recruits?
night Morgan! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
I'll let you know what magazine it's from if I find it :)
I Want My Eyebrows Done .
-my phone just went ninja on me-_-
Sweet Freedom. . . I don't even know what to do with you!
Bill Clinton exacted revenge on for supporting in '08, by endorsing his opponent to victory in PA AG election
Dad ran over the crub looks at me and said "mackenzie why did you do that?" Lmao
I wonder what jesse learns in acting class.. (:
Boy I tell you nosey people gone get enuff
Congrats to our big homie on his 3rd career regular season MVP award! And you ain't done yet!
Ice Cream! :D
every since I could remember I been poppin my collar
Juliet second place is also really good!!! Its awesome you made it this far
TREND > Selena Is The Sweetest Present In Our Life :) if your a true selenator trend it pleasee :D <3
Beats the hell out of plain-ol'-depressive...
Hate it when people only one side of the story
Florida drivers - reminding me why there are 49 other states I'd live in before I live here.
you in ATL?
hey friend! What are you doing up?
Okay. It was dumb to try to start some whole new health regimen at the end of a semester. My mind and body aren't ready for that right now.
Thought I was to old to watch disney channel but I never miss on episode of #KickinIt I love it!
Maybe your crazy,just like me:)
'dammit i'm mad' is 'dammit i'm mad' spelled backwards. :D
oh Hiking on saturday morning makes feel god.....
We will be closed Mon 9/5 for Labor Day, and will reopen Tues 9/6. Enjoy the long weekend!
they wouldnt stop crying so it balanced out! Lol
hey where's you get your face? The toilet store?
A lot of us can't thank our Moms face to face anymore, but not a day goes by that I don't think about her and thank God she was my Mom!
Are you a parent or a caregiver interested in #Sensory and #Autism? Then join us for our Seminar Series! It starts tonight from 4:30pm...
Just got done with my amazing vocal coach<3 Can't wait for you guys to hear these tracks for my album #prettysick!<3
what is this "too much" time you speak of? ;) no such thing! ...anywho, thanks for all of the help! U rule!
Rock must have had a teleprompter
Gave a talk on minimally invasive facet fusion at #NASS2011 in Chicago. Hope everyone is enjoying the conference!
What shuld I do tonight ?
I'm sure you'll find plenty of places to enjoy the Gusto when you're here!
GAMEDAY!!! Home Opener for Coach Alexander and the Fins at 4pm in the Roger Strickland Classic! See You at Sessions Stadium!
I did get my son into MMA and Jiu Jitsu so he and I go into class together as a mom and son team.
Tonight is the first BUILD class in the new class room!
LOLOL at your twitter name ;)
LOL maybe you should make it harder next time! :) Thanks Drew!
Wearing headphones for an hour increases the bacteria in your ear 700 times. Never realized this.
A true challenge for some of us, but worth it! MT : Alarm set for 6:15 am. Up bright and early for the COM Open House tomorrow!
Thanks! RT : Yay! in the weeknight co-anchor chair on !
Sessions...man up and be aggressive. You acting like the moment is too big for you
Woohoo! Welcome to SF :) Give us a call when you're settled in and we'll give you an SF greeting!
i dont want to work this weekend :(
Baxter's dad bought us 3 paintball guns while on the way to the farm.
Shopping is better than sex. If you're not satisfied after shopping you can make an exchange for something you really like.Adrienne Gusoff
Hell yeah lol RT : Pac was on so much bullshit in juice lol
Must remember title of Strange Attractors from The premise looks interesting.
Mercy. RT : Sales & traffic to Knicks official online store are up more than 3000% over the last week.
Keep your feet ready, heartbeat steady
21 Jump Street, The Hunger Games, or Wrath of the Titans???
Get past the train to a red light. Damn, I'm just tryin to get to my destination, make that 2 red lights
When you see cute couples together and you just wanna push em in a deep hole:(! #JealousBecIWishThatWasUs <3
#Alcatraz is by far the best show on tv!
It's just perfect out for mowing the yard
so glad im off loans before this whole student loan crisis hits this summer
Team LEGACY welcoming to Tweepland Rock City!!!
Posting Flyers in Allentown, PA First one to send a photo of one to gets a $25 credit!
the 1st to the 11th unless I hit my "number" then ill stay the series.
#Rooney nice goal 11 more to go. Now there is some atmosphere
only the Broncos fans hating. Manning passed up on Gore, Moss, Manningham, Crabtree and that defense.
Job acquired. Apartment? Not so much..
Did they get it right when they made it big? Or just more wrong?
Each time a team scores a tTD, tweet the hashtag #TouchDowny to () & some will receive Downy products & Unstopable Fan Packages
sometimes i am Nina from Black Swan and my voice teacher is her/my mother.
I gotta say...I much preferred being on vacation.
at skool me & my friend were talking about the cutest couple. this is what happened. Friend: mehh i want a boyfriend Me: Me too Both: OMG
Middle aged asian man learning to ride his brand new red bike in my apt parking lot. This is ALMOST as good as watching The Core w
Boston market!!!!
Last chance to pick up tix for the show this thurs @ Altar Bar w/Marcy Playground! hit us up for tix!
I hate being bored and tired bad combination plus im watching the news
I just saw one of greatest fights I've ever seen. Thanks Dan Henderson & Shogun Rua!!
RT : Great mtg tonight w who spoke about stop & frisk, fair elections & DCA's assualt on small biz
that's like my 3rd favorite game, behind boggle and slug-bug!
Wow. Between Slash at the halftime show and Ozzy bowing out to Bieber in the Best Buy commercial, this is a sad super bowl for 80s rockers.
Start my security class wendesday#already!
People are seriously funny ... I'm not stupid
exactly..classless team with an ownership that is obviously jealous of #NYG success nd will do anything to get back the spotlight
Being jealous is another way of sayin you a Hater
unexpected #altmetrics discussion in our #idigbio breakout; glad to hear so much respect for info science, social science from biologists
Was it a tiara?
Thanks and let's stay connected! Cheers, -Carlos
Good Morning Chicago
your bio made me laugh lol that's crazy and funny! :-)
Amen to that. RT Congrats to and
God looks for steady growth, not instant perfection... www.youthcanlead.com
Tied ball game, bases loaded, 2 outs. This is what we live for! #softballproblems <U+26BE><U+2764>
excited to see you soon
I think I participated in happy hour every day! RT Last day of Starbucks happy hour... It' a sad sad day indeed.
didn't see the flip phone! too funny, he has a crap phone while most guys have watches worth the price of cars on
Now playing: James Brown - This is a Mans World! On the juke box!
I knew dis was going to happen :(
Do you know what tomorrow is?! GSA Spring Picnic day!! Starting at 5pm come by Valhalla for food, folks and fun. Forecast: 82 and no rain!
dope video!
I visited the NYC Public Library for the first time on March 13th. & the children's dept. librarians were so nice.
#Echelon3000 Tonight ! Live ! MMG TakeOver ! Ladies Free All Night !!!
show a piece of art
I hope they are not getting our hopes up...like they did with her movie
Need to finance new equipment? Ask your rep about 90 Day No Payment financing options.
I can't be the only person to have the miller park roof hotline on my speed dial, right?
#Assad hasn't lost anything - and wont. Viva #Syria, Viva Bashar al #Assad...<3 Not everyone falls 4 #propaganda. :)
Come on! Those leg kicks?! Wait. I'm not helping my cause, am I?
that's rude, use a utensil!
CAA tournament 1st round FINAL: UNC Wilmington 70 James Madison 59. UNC-W to face top seed Drexel tomorrow at noon.
There are some creepy ass people at Hurricane..
#rejectedpromthemes Cape Fear
We use Type to Learn at elementary, I see that keyboarding is important, but I'm not close to standard home row typing, I do ok.
BBQ on the mind. Hitting up tonight for dinner. Reservations needed?
Do you live in Denver and want to intern with #Bridge? Build your resume and get a free #IDELT course: .
That awkward moment when you accidentally drink something that could kill you... YOLO.
that's cool playa. A lot of life experience for you the past 6 weeks.
Two weeks. (:
I hope someone does
Here at the dealership and we are wrapping up the deal *thisclose* Unless you wanna knock more off? :) lol
Why can't they make all food organic..pink slime in ground beef??? can w say ewwwwww
AW. you two!
Omg! BbyReggie is getting more Bad each day
Willis McGahee is deserving of making the #NFLTop100, but I doubt he'll be there next year without the Tebow zone-read offense.
Hey : Kentucky leads Kansas 13-9... and Georgetown still sucks!
Hahahahahaha same!!! It was great! yours?
Thank you interesting lady eating what looks like raw chicken for keeping the bus driver at the stop as I run to catch it.
you should def go to Disney land tomorrow(;
aye bro rep follow and promote
lake house
if you often post such beautiful snapshots, you should send 'em our way! We like to RT to our followers. :-)
Thank you for the follow! Enjoy your tweets about life and
holy holy holy is the Lord God Almighty who was and is and is to come <3
Feeling this one
can a #starCHaser get a bday shout out? Bumping "My Brain Is Alive" all day today
FRIDAY NIGHTS @ CLUB ELEGANCE LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! $5 ADMISSION $3 DRINKS TILL 12 HOSTED & KITCHEN OPEN 21+
HELLO! DID YOU ASK ABOUT NEXT WEEK AND DID THE MASARI GO THROUGH!!!!!!!! HEY! HYE!
Welcome to the family. glad to have you. xoxo-abbie
Hello, cold front! Maybe it's a good time to remind you good people that we've got plenty of indoor seating in our Annex!
I could see tebow in new England and getting converted to RB or used the way Minn uses Harvin
Gun ownership 'very difficult' despite Supreme Court rulings | Fox News via
Shower time :) but my dad just went in :/ grrr
Green Bay should change their decorations from Cheeseheads to Butterfingers! Their receivers SUCK!
Success is not measured by what you accomplish but by the opposition you have encountered.
Follow me :) Interesting new to come!
Thanks for the love, Gary! RT : #FollowFriday: A smattering of folks:
Thanks! It's good to be back. :)
At the same damn time.
Yoga Pose <U+FFFD> An Introduction To Various Beneficial Poses
nothing much work work work.
RT "One of the roughest aspects of being a caregiver is the need to feel “in control”." by Judy Joppie fb.me/QCV7U9Zo
fav part of the night when you two decided the vault needed bouncers and you were the right men for the job.
Cooking dinner with and !
Two antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. The ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
I'm really happy the Panthers are keeping Steve Smith around for awhile
TONIGHT! Knesset Member Anastassia Michaeli on my show 9-11pm(pst) on RADIOKOLAMERICA.COM Listen and spread the word!
is to as John Stockton is to Karl Malone... LOL!!!
Whoever has experienced this will understand. I think that all those who pray with at least a moderate degree of attention experience this.
you should be here.
in all seriousness did you work with Kai or Nick because that probably explains it. I had a young crew my last shift.
sleep then what's stopping you
I once visited my parents back in Australia (from US) without telling them I was coming; best surprise ever!
yepp everyone was okay thank goodness. we were lucky. could've been so much worse :P
Settling in to $BION and $HHII for the long haul
u should of played Wacka "No Hands"!
I've never been able 2 understand Y so many Black people are ashamed of the Image of God in which they were created.
ha. Family always first so its excused. Even the airport beer in Dallas doesn't taste as good! Cheering for DC United tonight
finally someone picks the Brewers but coming from #YCPB, maybe I shouldn't get too excited.
Looks great.
We have an NBA Season, BCS Matchup, Tiger Tournament Win & an Undefeated Packers Squad. What a interesting time for the sports world!
How many pairs of shoes do you own?
New Jersey Drive changed my life...
I'm cleaning my ears with a Q-tip and thinking of you
no, don't cry!
Toothbrush Express offers great prices on Gripit Dental Floss and most oral care products.
RT "Really cool app to discover stuff around you. I love the "taap.it" button! It makes easier for users to use it #mobile #iphoneapps "
Actually yes i do, lol. Cuz the person who invited me was just wantin to have a good time n wasn't talkin bout no damn drama
but of course happy hour ended at 11 for me last night
hey there is no TIT for TAT with IW and SH games
I am
Hi im david where u from?
2.5 Men w/o is like w/o punching kicking & submissions. Dumb, pointless, and no1 will watch it. Ever!
Every1 watch the roomate its the best movie since avatar.dont miss it.
yeeeppp so excited omg lots of ppl are going are going to be there
Bummed I had to say "no" to "Can you pick up Steve Shaviro, Tim Morton and Ian Bogost at the airport tomorrow?"
the only thing good about having study hall is you can screw around on your computer
why clunker? that looks like maybe the best movie Tim Burton ever made!
I would love to visit your restaurant, where is it located?
Why is FOX a bunch of hypocrites for rw slant,and MSNBC not for lib slant.Is this a team thing? Is one always right(my team) ?
I sense a little sarcasm.
Pierce: "We're going to ride Kevin until the wheels fall off."
I swear parents are programmed to be embarrassing all the time
lol juicy snapped! listen to Macadelic by mac miller, he killed the entire tape
Have to consider effect of expanding compulsory schooling on students who actually want to be there.
Ref ruined our match tonight w/ red (2 quick yellows in succession for dissent). Hate it in the pros but Santa Monica Rec League? C'mon.
i think that honey is a magic foodstuff that literally NEVER goes bad if stored properly.
'you're a winner for a lifetime if you seize that one moment in time!!'
Esp. people from high school. RT : I get kind of embarrassed for people when I see the articles Facebook says they've been reading.
Keep up the good work! “: my trainer just got a shout out on the radio!!! Great #workout today! Thanks”
respect ,brother
same here looking at BET
Next school year we can be back together ?
because you're cool
Why not pamper yourself a little bit? We can help keep your skin glowing and healthy so you can concentrate on writing!
haven't been on here since last week OMG!!!!!ON ERRRTHING
Naw Ima blame it on The rain
BOY I THINK THAT I'M IN LOVE. WITH. YOU.
Bullying needs to stop it's pointless and solves nothing.
well I'm not.
#CatQuotes "are buffalo nuggets spicy"
Those kids are great! :)
Parents are gone who wants to come over?!
hm. I wonder who gave me that name.. probs the God of all ratchetness
lol in love!
I feel closer than ever to realizing my dream of owning a Mailboxes Etc. franchise.
how we're the nachos? hope you made it our way!
I'm riding around, I'm getting it
Washington has directed Henry Knox to inspect the artillery supplies of the army around Boston.
you ok there?
One game closer to bourbon street
goodnight alex(: please reply to me?! i would be the happiest girl in the world. <3 i promise.. pinky swear! (:
I can't believe today marks 5 months of Fiances!!
On Thursdays we funnel!!!
I SAY.
Love the #tasteofthetown in PSU/Bama game, shows a local favorite, would be valuable for diners drive ins to partner with expedia
Absinthe, Absinthe!
#Pratchett, Reaper Man. Oddly sweet Discworld tale of unemployed Death, his adventures, & the chaos & merriment ensuing from deathlessness.
combo of chickening out and wanting to get out of city to zipline whilst still here.
<<<sad sad ppl nothin' better to do then discuss the life and times of over twitter.
I could send you emails every five minutes. To try to knock that fear out of you. It's conditioning.
They changed the game by offering a good tool, rather than expecting their authors to use crappy ones.
_ social media networking has been a great way to meet vendors too!
Blogging, PR, enewsletters & conferences cited as ways agencies get new nat'l biz
Sorry for spammy just adding all my pictures <3
History help please!!! can someone be nice and plaease help me!!?
This lady is killing these crab legs
I'm going to owe SO much for what she's doing for me right now. THANKS LOVE! X (:
We're just days away from a whole new food experience in #Orlando www.Saffran.us
you're right...I'm human and made a mistake...please tell me NOW.
My on line kids are awesome. RT : Have I mentioned that I am also very proud of my "online kids".
the crowd was a bunch of 20 year olds there for Thrice though ;n;
how the fuck do u wake up at 2pm everyday, when the fuck is your spring break done?
#LMV see u soon!
Horns looking like a bunch of overmatched freshmen vs Cincy. NCAA hoop remake of "Reality Bites".
Fine how do u do ;))
RT“: Shoutout to the UW Hip Hop Summit sponsors this year:
dinner & a movie
No sex for you! No twinkie for her!
Advocate Chris Higginbotham is presenting on #Parkinson’s research for Durham, NC support group w/ coordinator Arlene D’Alli
I wonder if voice actors for first person shooter games experience a moment of panic/confusion when they hear the word "headshot"....
Confession time! In 8th grade I decided it would be a good idea to put LSL on the monochrome overhead projector in the computer lab.
Oh I just can't wait to be KING!
Going to a writing workshop this weekend in beautiful Port Townsend. The BEST of both worlds!
#DearOOMF Thank you, because YOU are part of
" I'd challenge RVD to a smoke duel." - With Sabu as referee.
!!!! "RT Um when is Akward Black Girl coming back??? These ABG shorts can only pacify me so much"
What It Do, How You Livin
have any recs for a Python/Pyramid PaaS now that ep.io is going away?
Betsey Johnson = love.
My neighbor is really cute..I don't remember his name tho..pretty sure I never heard him when he told me the first time..
The only thing that's been #np is The Talking Head's Life After Wartime. Gah I miss that band!
oh, whiskey and hummus, yes! But add wings! ;). Heart you!
Most unsurprising statement via Alexander supports school choice.
the claw is our master. The claw chooses who will go and who will stay.
That was super awkward. Well now my whole entire stomach is making noises so I don't think it was actually ovary related.
From grant application feedback: "Judge X gave you a 10/10 for cohesion, a 10/10 for execution, and a 4/10 overall." Sweet guy, Judge X.
. don't forget show today at VFW at 29th and Lyndale until 5. Tell your followers!
that is most excellent news.
:) thank you for the opportunity to be a real friend. It's an honor and privilege.
Taxes are done... online is still my favorite online application...even though I only use it 1 day a year
good morning : Omw home from work..goodmorning twitter..say it back
Of course, we also work with any non-HubSpot content management system
The theme of the conference is "beyound aid research and innovation as a key drivers for health, equity and development
HAPPY EASTER! RT : "Teach not that I died in vain. Teach rather that I did not die by demonstrating that I live in you." -ACIM
Yes we could with Mitt Romney, but not you. You are horrible. Cheat on wives, sell out country. You are a fraud
when your boyfriend cries over you and you know that
is looking forward to our outreach concerts tomorrow at the Edison School and the Boston Arts Academy!
I love SB
no way, here's doing! I'm writing a novel with a woman as main character, attempting to change it all (no pressure ;)
So is it everything you dreamed it would be?
Yup, I reached a new height in cultural civility. Just microwaved some red wine that I had in the fridge.
RAISE THE MUTHAFUKIN JOLLY ROGER HOLY SHIT
I hate Bitchs that Dnt Txt back
It sucks to have to get out of bed this early on a day like today
dark eye shadow on dark eyes only brings out dark circles under eyes more.
#good new York
the plant in the background makes him look like he has a mohawk!
my mom is such a liar swear I hate liars such a stupid bitch fuck ya man
Bass is already 3-11 tonight.. it's only the second quarter.
Visiting the Greenmount West community meeting. Its great to see and catch up with everyone!
Deployed newest version of #galyn and waiting for thumbnails to generate. Excited.
& Most complex problems have simple solutions.
Dear Austin TX DOT, can you please warn me when my lane is suddenly going to be a turn-only lane? I could have saved at least an hour.
Hip Hip Hooray to the Gov Doc!
*sings in an amazingly soft and cellestial tone* it's the thuggish ruggish bone, it's the thuggish ruggish bo o o o oo oo onee
Just got another SXSW show confirmed. Tour's looking good.
my goodness!
Subject 2 Change is tearing it up!!!
Is there any way we can send her north of the border to you guys?
Also learned of GraphLab tonight. Map/Reduce in C++, specifically designed for ML, much faster than Mahout on Hadoop but...
what did my pussy say to your cock?
Today, for every tweet, fb update or blog tagged with #beatcancer, 1 cent is being donated to cancer research. Tell EVERYONE! #beatcancer!
what am I doing?? I'm twittering, what you think? Happy mothers day...
Tequila makes everyone happy!
mp3 ringtone maker. it's an Android app
Thanks for the cool write up. Glad you enjoyed the food : ) We'd like to invite you back - on the house! DM info plz
That just makes me ashamed I didn't think of Gallifreyan.
:) The way to get started is to stop talking and start doing. Walt Disney
I'm Ready To Start This New Life Soon. College Is Going To Be The Best
Shut Up And Shoot Me !
New friends!
aww thank you(:
Is working for ?
Game of thrones is, amazing.
#NationalSiblingDay we are proud to say we've accomplished more than ours.
I already said that LOL
But he is 6 months younger than LHP Barack Obama, who throws slightly harder.": Jamie Moyer 3 years older than Mario Lemieux."
": It'd be nice to go a day without some sort of drama happening" I hate being on Maury too.
Today feels like the first day of winter, brrrr!
Love's gonna make it alright
S/O to my New Special Follower!! <3
Don't you have a game to win today in beautiful Rockford?
Does your company have an amazing experience or activity that you would like to share? Become part of the zozi family in Calgary.
Cozette is all excited about #Willow the CO cat who was lost for five years and recently found in NYC! Meow! Meow! There's a #mystery!
Celebrating my brother's birthday with the family on our yacht today=]
Brought coffee y'all ;) lol
-- Unless Moustakas is facing Weaver, Verlander, Felix, Haren or Sabathia ... you start him and move on.
Sad to see leave Milwaukee. One of the first media people I met after moving here and he's been a good friend ever since.
. and - appreciate the RTs today! <Two great people to follow!
Feel like I got to chill at the cool kids table down in Columbus yesterday... Enjoyed all the brilliant minds at
Marlon in here playing your controller!
Being positive in a negative situation is not naive. It's leadership.
Fancy jeans store salesman dissuaded me from a certain pair "you have a long torso", such a lovely euphemism for chubby thighs!
I need to watch jumping the broom again...... Because I don't get it.... I'm trying but its not coming fast enough...
~lmao every parents favorite line!
eLearning stock graphics are perfect for building eLearning simulations and presentations. #elearning #stockgraphics #simulations,...
chilling & stuff..
Friend wrote on Facebook that is the sort of movie simple boys like so she didn't like it. Permission to punch, please.
#WeWontWork if you don't have a set plan about your life & where your going. A career is a turn on
"Born and bred in Brooklyn, U.S.A. They all me Adam Yauch, but I'm M.C.A."
sounds like a challenge
Why are you still sending naked pictures to people?
Noone plans a 2.5 day party like the GenPrez. He makes everyone feel important even when sitting in the audience. All things work together..
My last session is The World of Children's Apps. Hope it's a good one!
Social Media is the answer for human beings to return to humanity and end world poverty, mental disorders, jealousy, over self obsession.
karate in the garage?
Northwestern showed how not to close out an OT last night
I will. Don't worry. And We can decide tomorrow :$
What?? What did she tell you??
'I decided long ago, never to walk in anyone's shadows If I fail, if I succeed At least I live as I believe' R.I.P Whitney Houston
WIllard...A Different Rat
.......1178 dragstrip road. hudson NC 28638, i moved and i got a new address
#TRENCHERS! Call NOW! tix to the rapids show 4/10 & private KISS lunch & performance with the band that day!
but what if I am a Leoplurodon, only by nature a cousin to the Liopleurodon?
the sad part is the looks on there faces when we tell them they cant come in with out it...and they know the rules
Done! Chest and hamstrings are feeling the love. Great class. Thx.
I hear you. Just giving him the attention that he desires
Good discussion in class today, iConnecters!
About to read a non-sugar-coated response to my latest draft... Where's a bullet that I can bite?
I must be getting old.Each clothing store I shopped in today I was assaulted by loud music-made me jittery & tired-no purchases made-bummer!
I think you should follow me back? That would be amazing. (:
- If you think you have a 2.7 overall GPA and are passing 207, go ahead. Don't forget to apply to the program. 25 days left!
Oh I know you got it! You ready for post grad life? where you headed?
Philip Roth event at YIVO last night was AWESOME! Great panel, Roth read from Nemesis, I was able to speak with him after. Pinch me...
I think wants trent
Thanks for the follow! SCARS looks great. Quite a stew of material there, it seems! Congratulations.
Lardner: Technology transfer, sense of ownership for Africans for rapid adoption is key
There's nothing like seeing a tweet just below a tweet
You rocked it dude. RT : Nice to see you guys today; thx for coming to listen to my crap.
related match is on by default on site. Search for single kw to see exact or download one of the apps chrome, ff, hs).
Oops..wrong account! Well now you know my day job! I'm starting a line of vintage soaps packed with personality :)
Persistence is not complicated and you never have to do it all at once. Simply persist for a moment, and then for another and another-RM
It is March 18th and Snowing yet again in Portland. Where are you Spring?
I know.. Thats why I fell last time, member? Tripped over your scrotum.
New Post.
Listening to my favorite artists right now, Cody Simpson, Justin Bieber, Miley Cyrus, and See Jane Rock! haha
you can do it!!! Too close to fail now! Nice job! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'm fine with that but not upchucking haha
I'm letting Dave from on my show soon, even though he doesn't follow me on twitter, becuase that's the kind of nice fellah I am
You can see a full list of accounts on ' TSR Sites list. They all follow back.
Thanks, all who came by this Taigating season and enjoyed good fellowship and great ZUZU Food. Don't be strangers and come visit 2222/Mopac
sounds like a good week.
thanks for the RTs
I've been feeling the same way. Walden was kind of useless too. Perhaps A. Chapman?
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Disabled truck Southbound I35 at William Cannon on the service road in the far left turn lane
The interviews were due today? #fml I might not graduate -_-
Happy Easter Weekend Twitter World... Safe and Happy travels to all... Christos Voskrese
Good friends won't let you do stupid things...... Without them.
I've found that I'm someone that make jokes that people don't realize are jokes. But, I don't really say anything. I just carry on
another bull penis # tag. Lol. Baseball season just got awkward.
Unfollow this page it got hacked follow my new one now!
We're rocking the grand hall at the HMNS with our spicy poblano and corn soup at Big Bite Night!
Thanks for the RT. It is always appreciated. :)
Welcome back!
Hey happy birthday Ban-Joey! I'm picking one for ya this morning!
Who is Jerry hahahhahahaa
Making LOTS to restock inventory for upcoming craft shows! Making lip balm & lotion sticks now.
In the second edition, forthcoming in 2012: an essay on "Nature," by Cindi Katz.
Go Pack, go!
I know they're only a few real niggas... cuase I got mo haters then I do friends..
Sleep Number...you are aweome for dumping that assbag Rush!
This is #TheCorreiaInning RT : Marlins go up 3-1 in the fourth. Still no outs.
Last day of summer waaahhhhhhhhhhhhh
Dang #Fakers & their paid refs. Welp, at least it's Mother's Day!! Seeing Stella will help heal my sorrow. I Love Mom!
I MUST BE PRETTY CRAZY HUH
#FF to all of the fans coming to the Promolast Atlanta Reunion Pro Wrestling Fanfest - we'll see you tonight as we kick off the big event!
Because a baby with earrings is a much better accessory than a baby without them.
Let&#39;s go Miami Heat they working tha Knicks
I am being considered to work on "I, Alex Cross", 3rd James Patterson novel installment.
How the hell do I catch a cold during spring
sorry i meant
February's gonna be a GREAT month—Just signed up to volunteer for the 45th California International Antiquarian Book Fair
im sorry im such a bad kid ._. gettin my phone taken away n shit...
Looking for a unique holiday gift, that your loved ones will treasure? Paul scouts out at the Annual Harvest Festival, Sat (12/18) @ 8:30pm.
Excited for tonight's #ADDY Awards! I'll be there repping with and 29 more!
Haha My Hair Gets All Tangled after I Swim :( So Consider Yourself A Lucky Ducky! (:
but I'm cofounder/CEO at and very happy to answer any questions you have! :)
3 Pain Specialists on Shaping Pain Management Healthcare Policy - Becker's Orthopedic &amp; Spine
hoodie tweet was hilarious
yeah!! But shhhh. Haha my mom actually found it because we were looking at ai info. Allstar is on 8/4 and AI is on 8/13
if I get good at it I fully plan on pushing canned gifts on everyone
My pleasure: Hope you are well!
Its friday night man....i should be outt gettin my drankk on! Being sick suXx! Plus Not being able to sleep « «
Sonic Architectonic Jan 27 - Feb 18 SONIC ARCHITECTONIC is a mixed media exhibit exploring the architecture of sound in art. Some of...
#Bears D-fense ready for the #Playoffs, Offense playing like their still waiting to hear if theres going to be a lockout this year!!
I would love to ask how she got her husband to admit she's smarter than him.. in public!
I should've kissed you
Haven't come out with that first list yet, but I think he'll be around 3rd or 4th.
Whoever changed my iPhone's browser settings to Yahoo, I am not amused.
oh that would be awesome if they did one of there world tour stops here ~^^
I did not know that John Wayne was from Waterloo?
you back in the A
I'm walking in a big Betsey Johnson show this Saturday and I CANT WAIT!!!!
i bet i could u
Love that! Don't quit!
Know anyone with #MS or #cancer? #infusions? East Village Body Shop offers 30 mins #pilates class for $30 tailored for MS & cancer pts.
My sports #mktg hw was to read an nfl article on today AKA read my daily news hah! Life's tough :/
I didn't know u guys knew each other! Lol!
have songs from The Sound of Music stuck in my head! good job guys! can't wait for tomorrow! :)
When referring to me, please use this new twitter handler, Thanks
I've taught it once. Students were engaged, but needed a *lot* of coaching in reading a graphic novel. Not natural for them.
Haircut, now off to Ballys!
as I would say to my friends who I find attractive... DAMN DADDY! bahahaha
Hi Anney!! How
You have a long way to go in Tweetdom. On a side-note, can't wait until hits 9,000+ for a "certain" quote.
I'm convinced DSW is out to ruin me.
Can't stop thinking about chocolate-covered pretzels
...dont make LUDA expose the truth u a hoeboy!!!!!!
Day 15 #Insanity fitness test, I've lost 10 inches <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA>
if i got rid of all the "friends" that do nothing but hurt me, i'd have about 5 left. i'm getting so close to fucking dropping all of you.
Working on a guest-post about faith. So many things to talk about!
Some of the niggas that work at WalMart tho >>>
Roadside advertising - "free guns an ammunitions giveaways!"
Wishing a very Happy 15th Birthday to Cody Simpson! What do you think he's getting for his birthday?
just let it out bro.
So has everyone finished their Christmas shopping? I have a few more gifts to buy, and also have to make cookies for neighbors, too.
I'm officially the only person molalla oregon in a suit and tie.
IMing my friends on aim, btw did you make one yet?, and listening to music :D
May the 4th be with you!
I like everything aggressive. If you want my attention girl you need to take it. I dont play the chase game its 2 easy 2 get what I want.
beef n Cheddar baby!
yo I sometimes think its unprofessional to talk about smokin weed on my twitter page... but i like to keep it 100
You can't be great at a sport without being cocky at some level.
Holy shit, dude. That's all. Just holy shit.
Grand Lodge is offering a summertime event special now thru Labor Day. 10% off catering menus! Call 503.992.9530 or visit mcmenamins.com
HARRY POTTER IS MY GOD DAMN JAM!!!!!
Let's see those threes baby
uh what's up
you look sad ?
Toronto: It's like New York, but without all the stuff.
WHEN DENTISTS ATTACK: "Dentist pulls out all of her ex-boyfriend’s teeth after split" #yahoo news
Just went on a thirty foot zip line!! Oh my gosh what a rush :)
It's late...but still soo early! Happy Hour @ Fuse until 2:00 am! Run!
my Bulls. fuck !!! i hate they out S/O to the whole team
When u just want to go to bed and they just keep texting u ugh
We can provide your customers a personalized dashboard...:)
ik I moved out west so I'm way closer now. Ill text you tonight
When this went down, I immediately said, "I need to talk to Alicia Jacobs." I knew you could tell this story!
hey, nice art in the office!
Good Morning! On the way to Dallas to pick up a truck and deliver it to Joe David in Austin! Then driving home! Another Long Day! :)
Rocky bout 2 get that ass
Wine night.
It's gameday!
RT : #Aquarians hardly ever feel the wrath of jealousy. Even if they do, they'll try their hardest to never let you know it
PLEASE MARRY HIM. he seems like the perfect person.
What in heavens name is "macronutrient toxicity"?
There's a hotel there saying it's in the "heart" of Chelsea, so they obviously don't know what heart means, either.
I am always off beat with clapping
Good Morning! ^___^
Nothing's wrong with massaging your woman feet!
great article!
That should work for me. DM me when you're back in the states.
Lucksacked my shootout table despite being sick all day. Also gogogo!!
According to , 's Klout score is 51.
5 days out from the Sk3tchbook Invitational Show, Denver, CO. Delivered my paintings, just need to deliver myself 18 Nov at opening!
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
should be good for Peyton in Denver. Hope you are having a great day...its gorgeous out here in Boston.
"I just want a job where I can use my creativity, you know?" says a generation of uncreative people
Just finished P90X2 Plyocide. Cant get off the floor ouch!
hey thanks for following us check us out at jenfek.com....how is wisconsin this time of the year?
(Voltaire) Shun idleness. It is the rust that attaches itself to the most brilliant metals.
hell yeah!! Good Job!:]
#ILoveJoeyDiamondBecause He has the style, he has the looks, he has it all.
Hey! I'm in Philadelphia!
you get it, dude? Is say we should start a motorcycle gang...but I don't have one lol
how was the pasta? KFC was awesome!!
BidFathers hours of operation have changed to 4PM-12AM Monday thru Friday! Make sure you stop by and check out our new items up for bid!
No problem. Very nice pic of you as well. ;)
Enjoying a good local beer in
clear some space out, so we can space out
congratulations!!! and how cool are you...what a neat opportunity!
Not today, but I'm chilling now!!!
Thanks again to my amazing friends for joining me for my birthday yesterday! You are the best!!
lol are you talking about that underground concourse?
"Once upon a midnight dreary, while I pondered weak & weary"- watch the rest of the story come alive in #TheRaven, opens 4/27!...
awesome keynote, perfect and inspiring start to the day! Yeah #infoccamppdx!
Bolaris is a rock star...
But every single night i just be lying awake cause i cant get you off my mind
keeps telling me, "Something is technically wrong. Thanks for noticing." I can't help but to notice, lol :)
#dailyfeedback Songs you think everyone knows the words to - Harry Belafonte/The Beatles/Louis Armstrong
you're welcome Beth! Have a great week sweety :)
was just talking about that with my boss. Would be good fit for us, don't want our top CB returning kicks anymore.
Lolol,guess so. ..
if you were a triangle you would be acute one (:
Caught up w/ Nick from bout new record and upcoming tour w/ fIREHOSE & their overseas dates. Read about it in
Been enjoying the holiday...hence the lack of tweeting. Hope yours is going great.
#Kentucky Final Four watch parties - Daytona: Houligan's on Grenada; Jax: Blackfinn; Miami: BWW on Sunset. Find more on our site....
yerr send the pic of the one im doing westside to my email cause its mad lil on fb idk why :/
Love the UK, and #HartOfDixie <3 two great things!
Question: Physics teacher thinking back to when she was an artist. Unconsciously using arts skills - how to make that more determined?
I remember when I didn't have my permit
read about sara Silverman's show at the paramount in austin on nov 1st. I see her point. But so disgusted by the title.
Less than two weeks until our website launch!
I don't need anyone, I fine single.
oh my god why couldn't you have been on speeders hahah thanks for reppin :)
How are you surviving with all the accounts being frozen? Full Tilt still won't let me have any of my money.
RT : Today I got my 1,000,000th Twitter follower! Now in the realm of Gods like Ashton, Bieber, Mariah, and new Dell products.
Pleasure 2 meet u, I'm checking out ur blog now, very nice work on those T-shirts.Lookng 4wrd 2possibly working w/u soon. GBU
InstaDM y'all
Lean Back....
Yeah May 22 ..You don't get out of school?
: Sorry, I still kind of suck at Twitter. I'm job hunting, and it sucks. I forgot how much it sucks, actually. How you doing?
apparently there is a variety of information about the status of the land in question. anyone have anydata?
#Rockies Moscoso gives up leadoff walk, but a wicked curve strikes out Chipper Jones and Brian McCann. Good 1st inning.
RT : The mama talk is off limits. Even Limehouse knows that. #Justified...someone tell lime house DONT piss off Raylan
16 & Pregnant? How about 18 and graduated...
is very delicious <3
I have been busy lately so no.
Artists materialize thoughts. Dream it Build it
Marlo is dumb as hell she just sounds stupid to me
going great! Kimbery Blessing is on right now. Seems very practical and reminding me that I need to know it myself:)
Thank you for the #FF :-)
sorry to hear. I've been there, it's not easy. I'll keep your family in my thoughts <3
I love dumbass costumers
Too far?
Whose babies?
I'm acting fucking weird, I apologize. I am tired as hell.
good point. Although it did smell like bacon. My apartment still #smellslikebacon! ;-)
haven't been in any hotels trashy enough to wonder that. *shrugs*
Indeed. Sounds like a good cranium-filling headphone record.
" Just because we're not close anymore, doesn't mean I don't care about you."
Show today with The Summer Set, TheDowntownFiction, and Action Item. Starts at 5, be there early!
I'm not really trying to argue about what "significant" means in this context.
Polls are closed. GO
#FF - progressive American sportswear
You weren't perfect but you made life worth it<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
RT : thanks so much for the shout out on the site!!!
Would you be my Satellite?
exciting! RT : The #media team is ramping up its efforts for Mattress Firm’s Wisconsin stores. Brand new client for us in 2012!
what's up
Thanks to Jamison Haase Learning is a never ending process, and it's remarkable learning with you.
Happy New Year Kim!! wish you the best in 2010
I lost the war on drugs cause I can't find my weed anywhere.
I never was a fan of being told what to do. But I had to learn how to keep my eyes and ears open and my MOUTH closed.
challenge him to a 3pt contest. Hes a terrible shooter.
Don't forget, buy one KoreFit, get one free! Makes a great gift this holiday season!
the first thing i saw was the '-R' & i thought of Pretty Little Liars. Lmaooo(;
In honor of our founding fathers: homemade guacamole!
auditioned for a Verizon Wireless commercial spot. Can you hear me now?
Since when is GM #1 in the world? MR. #POTUS can you not read charts and graphs?
Those crazy kids RT : Teens do crazy things. Mitt Romney bullied a Gay kid. Bristol Palin got pregnant. Trayvon Martin got murdered.
I believe you meant to write soprano sax, correct?
Omg the Lakers were called for a foul.
i mean it's not like i'll find anything nice but still
Metadata frustration has me feeling feisty! And by "feisty" I mean "fight-y." Rrrar! ps. I hate spreadsheets.
I'm watching it now, these folks ugly ass fuck. Hahahaha!
First I hit control P, it takes 12seconds for the print-box-thingie to pop up, then I hit print, then I have to walk to the.. 1/2
JaRule had a few good songs too
She fell? I'm so sorry. I hope she truly does feel better. Im glad you spent time with her. You take care of her.
okay I'm officially amazed. Kids these days are so smart.
You don't deserve the best when you're not willing to handle the worst.
And that's enough Eli. Time to change the channel.
T conductor: 'Heah's a little trivia for ya... Facebooking was created right heah in Hahvahd Square.'
Done over slept and missed class im slacking
Following #CoryBookerStories as they emerge. I can't even try to compete.
That's Schroeder's heroin, Charlie Brown.
Bulls start now plus Celtics at 7 and Lakers at 9:30. Get to Theory for Thursday night fun!
Ah hah. Mass seemed unlikely Chuck Colson territory.
Taco time?
Chicago its freezing out there!. But lets dream of the Caribbean with our Caribbean Tropic Passion Fruit Cake! WWW.HAPPYCAKEWILLTRAVEL.COM
Hi! I got to Italy early! How are you luvie~
Finally rocking dual monitors at home. Makes XML and database design homework go a LOT smoother!
throwing a couple carpool parties this summer
Just opened Speaking in Tongues: The Chronicles of Babel at MPACCT Theatre in Chicago
learn from mistakes, then maybe they won't be missed takes
im wit u on tht
thank you soo much :)
I think my cat just barked
crate digging never stops. Find some for the rest of us...
The following costumed characters will be actually physically racing on the field at Twins games this season. 21st century baseballtainment.
Finally made it home for the wedding. Fingers crossed I get back to DC easy to finish up grad school!
RT : Today in Jewish History (2009) Obama becomes 1st President to attend a Seder in the White House.
This Saturday night come groove with Woodfish at The Brighton Bar in Long Branch. 9PM Showtime!
that's the worst
Wanna know the name of the craziest band ever? It rhymes with "Shmamily Shmorce Shmive" ;)
Hey Milwaukee, we're looking for your ideas. Where would you like to see us out this summer?
What do you do? ": sponsor me? lol"
Frank Francisco just went nuts!
#Photo Flashback: Scythian @ #Milwaukee Irish Fest 2009- www.theconcertstage.com/scythian2009.html
Or maybe some indian food?
uh, nope. has an open invite to ride with me. I've got an extra #road, #MTB, or
35,000 schools is a low number, historically. CWA built 40,000 schools in the 1930s. We have many more people now. And the need is no less.
Just noticed my foursquare account is linked to my twitter page,I'll have to fix that.
I am reading How The Hippies Saved Physics Science, Counterculture, and the Quantum Revival by David Kaiser. It's enjoyable and a bit funny.
Isn't it? An hour later the pic is online...just unbelievable! LOL
Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love.
Taking #Mom out to a very expensive dinner place tonight!
Hate to see the arts and other disciplines abandoned or minimized, but there is some pragmatism in these comments...
Yes. More like exchanging skills.
RT Check out the stream today and tomorrow for a great #gov20 event in DC.
Brendan league is a creeper
call me crazy, but i kinda like the new youtube layout....it's kinda cool, you can link your twitter/facebook to it!
congrats on your
We really need to crack down on this Twitter account. Hhaha
Just sent you a direct message. Logging off for the evening. Talk tomorrow.
you got a different number bro?
Listing to at #ommasocial about I have klout open right now. wow!
I start reading someone's tweet, then quit because I'm too lazy to read it..
I see what you're saying, but respectfully disagree. Apples and oranges, anyway. Will be a temporary Bayern fan next w/e though.
In #coxsackie with and
I need to find a new job where I can set my own hours. Any ideas?
Hit in the leg with a softball -___-
good seeing ya!
NOSE PIERCED!!!! wooooohooooooo :)
I just switched my cats to Wellness -grain-free food. They are much happier.
haha your my boy and it's straight cuz I know how cute you think my date was ;)
"Before You Lose Ya Brain . That Pussy Is Her's.." 6-Deuce
Imma stay up all night searching for f@#k To give.
Better to remain silent and be thought a fool, then to speak and remove all doubt.
Heresies define the dogma.
ever thought of doing part of your auction online? GoBuyRochester can help with that.
Thanks fire drill for messing up my shoes!!
I think template methods should be documented and their contents should do something, so raise seems like the best thing to do
Thanks me too. I'm addicted to this little lady, pics don't do justice, be warned, she like to cuddle! :)
come on RONDO..
Never stop never givin up Sweet Tweets:
ultimate athletics or twisters elite? hate this!
One more month of school, then summer!
Ppl need to learn that calling me weird doesn't effect me :b
I treat my B*tch like an ATM machine.
Congratulations on becoming the Mayor of Sacramento Association of REALTORS® (SAR) !
There is no such thing as an overnight success. It always boils down to hard work, big dreams and discipline.
From 2006-2010 the team did little to add starting pitching depth other than short term rentals & overpriced FA.
Bella Thorne is just a girl. She has talent. Therefore she became famous. Not rocket science
good day ms lady
Who wins tomorrow's morning show ratings? GMA (Obama) or Today (Howard Stern)?
Wounded Altavista Soldier Back in US - WSET
We've got a couple different herbs going, too. I'm excited about my tomatoes, haha.
I'm playing First Fridays tonight with down at Blu. Be about it.
Arizona Congresswoman Gifford shot in head in Tucson, according to "Tucson Citizen".
is fantastic. Love being able to check it in real time on my iPhone.
Pretty sure I ruined my weigh-in tomorrow by snacking tonight. Crap.
Fantastic! We'll have to get a drink and some gumbo.
#SAYSOMETHIN IS AMAZING.
My brother has more respect for me after I got him fruit rollups
SO STOKED! I have a new HILARIOUS AWESOME video coming out this weekend! Stay tuned, because it will make you laugh your socks off! xoxo
Send em our way ; ) RT: Whenever I see anyone with a beard I just automatically assume they are part of
You don't know you're beautiful (only when you hear that song) Lol :(
Happy Day All! So how are the New Year Resolutions doing? Cheers, LPMR
Official DWTS Retweet Favorite · Open Yes! RT Ain't no mountain high enough!
Huge THX to for the Reduce Your Use Grants for NPOs in ABQ. We can now plow energy savings back into our mission. Beautiful!
im glad you got it babe... i requested you on fb. sandra marie.
Things are looking SO bright... hello #Spring!
This week is going to be a busy one. After this week, it's all about music because we will be done with school!
B&G on mothers day>>
So I go oh on that nasty Detroit Dunk and the young lady next to me goes really!
What's awesome is that your tweet showed up right next to a tweet from about his Kickstarter. Ha!
Applied! Thanks for sharing!
I want/need to go home
For a UofL/pitino tit baby follow He has the all the excuses. #checkplease on bball season.
Group exercise classes build a sense of community and can make you look forward to hitting the gym.
Would you be available this morning to give an update on arson arrest to ? 9 am/public radio, love to have you on
We all have the spirit of warrior because sometimes we do need to stand up for ourselves and fight. Yet know the purpose of your fight.
the Big Data Utility Analytics problem will be highly optimized by the IPv6 AMR upgrade, using distributed MDM cloud...
I agree Nile! Words do have the power to both hurt and heal. I thank people for their kind words too!
where you going?
I know!!
Reminder to TUNE IN to Bentwave as Derek Marin of Subtrak drops by the studio at 7:30pm PDT! Radio Collective
How does a lead guitarist change a lightbulb? He holds it up and the world revolves around him.
I Need 10 People Follow She Follows Back #teamfollowback & You Get A Promo To her 80k Just REPLY " DONE" When Finished" x6
How have you experienced Christ’s never-ending care for you in the last month or so?
have this dick instead, rub my balls on ur ear, dick fuk a bitch head, l o l i had to post it, Evan Wrekn and you know it
Cold weather go away, we miss having drinks on our patio!
yes and yes.
Seniors need to keep an eye for suspicious skin growths :)
Was listening earlier to the morning show and pissed about #Romney's stance on planned parenthood
Followed! Follow Back? (: xx
My daughter grad. from online school; says she is better prepared than her peers for college, re: independence, communication & deadlines.
Mangia is looking for cashiers,sandwich makers & cooks apply in person at 2556 s archer ave next to orange line no phone calls please.
Great thanks!
I can't believe my parents were lazy enough to not pick me up from school today -_-
If you're talking about the lemon cremes those were my favorite too. I didn't see them on the order form :(
If i don't like you please don't try to say hi to me. Bet money ima look at you like you stupid af and keep it pushing.
"A world class education system should call for globally connected schools"
lake town
“ There are people out there who are waiting for you to fail, make sure you disappoint them every chance you get.”
everytime I'm at the pool and my sister asks to play mermaids I think of you.
Rofl @ Jon Stewart.
Niggas playing angry birds rather than cooking!
You are right about all of us mobilizing together to defeat CA ballot measure to make elections only for the 1%.
so its not my problem,I have many friends on twitter.so idon't need you (n). :s
“ Got a nice green fat sack in this joint. #stpatricksday”
Learning path all set and ready for 2012 Philly BE Conference! T-1O days! hooray!
In need of a massage right now.
IVY: What is worrisome about publishing online? There are people who will misuse the metrics available for things like views.
i followed
Okay so tomarrow is v-day from me. I am going to tell as many people as I can that I love them. Especially the people that realy need it.(:
Midweek. A little rain. We have four words that will change that mood. Chocolate Dipped Strawberry Milkshake. There - feel better?
My pleasure.
Go tellem its a homicide
Enjoyed your book, Perfect Hair every day
Shame on you & the other Repubs 4 showing the Prez no respect & regard 4 your own rules which you swore to abide by
How on Earth did you tweak your Achilles? ... Let's see how my slightly tweaked Achilles holds up on the treadmill
Who's going to RollerJam?!
Vroom: Who do we want present? Where do we collect our research? We have the ability to address this one way or another. Focus on middlegrnd
NEXT QUESTION! <3
I really hope Activia commercials aren't an indication of the kind of lunch conversations I have to look forward to.
I Love You too big brother lol<U+2764>
And that's the end of Vargas
Steelers announced they will release him
how are you getting home ? I have to leave at 2
RT is the official bar today at the Andaz 5th Ave #mcc2012 from 11AM to 7PM come by and try a "Flight to Chile"
I'm on the midnight plane to Georgia.
Oh oh.
what are your chances like in the First District? I live in Port Richmond...need a new Congressman!!!
We'll explain why this is tonight on 13WHAM News at 6
Don't know if there was a "full moon" the night of 's Wango Tango concert performance but there certainly was 1 when he was on
true--but good stuff is out there I think--if I could only find it easily!
I called shotgun in the van for our ecology field trip and I'm making them listen to no doubt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
=====> Niggas like this give tha best h.......nevamind RT : I only eat the crust of cobblers
Spoke to National Weather Service. They confirmed my thoughts that #weather was not active enough to produce #mysteriousBoom. No
Wonderful news! Congrats!!
Can't watch the world cup so rented a pile of movies to shut myself in the a/c with. Any thoughts on the other guys or casino jack?
anytime. ((feb seventh new silverstein drops... makes me bounce in my chair))
We're excited too! RT : Got promoted to be team leader for new media at NGPVAN! Should be fun, and an exciting challenge!
Also, without saying much, about 75% of the questions are said assessment were way above the paygrade for this job. WTH?
Halloween is a fun holiday, one that children and adults can enjoy
Anchors aweigh fair winds and following seas my friend . God speed.
will do Bro. Hey I will be calling you about possibly leading some worship for me this summer at an event
RT : Slowly losing hope.
how many of you picked Lehigh in your first bracket???
": I wish it was 1:20 I want to watch the #Brewers" hell yea! Get your brooms out.
THX for your wise comments on my BLOG! You're right, it's a tough thing to go through, for everyone. THX for caring!
Ohio is a nice place I have less stress here then in Los Angeles. Must be the fast pace, smog, traffic to many ppl. What I miss overpriced
I loves me some bullet bra's!!!
Yo Price Hill trying to Set Avondale up For Failure yo gonna let them niggas do that!!!
Does BPS have a tech use policy? Can you send me the link? Or is everything just in the student handbook?
so cute
my brother is 23 shah that's my nephew
Shout out to I used my twitter name on hot 107.1
Guys: Damn you beautiful can I take you out on a date?? Me: No I have a mann. Guy: So. he can come too! Bol!
he convinced me he is arrogant, naive, out of touch with common Americans, &due to his pandering to the evangelical base, a whore
Thanks for
I'm totally doing this later.
It's 86 and sunny here in Florida
You should! Inspire everyone at Light Grey Art Lab to make art on trains!
Another day of traffic reporting. Bring it on Sunday drivers!
The island is much more scary in the morning than at night
lol no bro the one that you liked but kept ignoring
"I have a lot of things that I don't want to happen, but I can't help it" - Michael Smith ()
lmao I'm a slick talker when I want to be. Overall we were good to go haha! Love ya queerbait!
hey you should come pick me up...
!!!! :) RT : " work that body work that body make sure you don't hurt nobody."
Thank you!
430 REAL goons deep on IG!
"Champions are born, losers are made"
Thanks so much! We hope you do :)
Brother I Am Amazing!!! Its crazy how Incredible God is. How you?
I would use the term "celebrity" loosely! They were great kids!
Coming January 12 Go behind the scenes of the drama that The Hollywood Reporter calls "Exciting, smart, realistic and brilliant."
If you are a big man take notes on how well Matt Howard boxes out, crashes the boards.
When you hear something you didn't wanna hear and it just sucks the life out of you a little bit. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Would you mind email, it may be easier. . If not just tweet back.
congratulations on the mention fro enjoy the gigantic traffic :)
RT : Greatest gift I could ever receive 4 Teacher Appreciation Week? All the 6th graders to wear deodorant for a week straight.
I agree with others. Green, Craft, etc. and how about Anthony Davis? You really think UK would be where they are without him?
*smiles* yep
“: We must create caricatures of the upper class and their infantile dependence on material comforts.”
people trying to be like you man
Listen in to the Big Ticket Country Musics next American Anthem , What I Love About America www.rickeyleewatson.com
You think? Sounds to me like much emotional damage was inflicted, and they'll spend months, if not longer, repairing it.
This rain is cray.
Thank You for that
she's way to gorgeous!
Thats All I Really Wanna Do-Kelly
Today's tip: Get off the scale and instead measure your waist size. Waist size can be a real predictor of many disease risk factors.
notes her father the teamster and says we should put kids first.
#Sammy Haggar wishes he was #zager - did i spell that right?
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 247
they were great!
track'n down wat the HUGE crane wuz alls about at Sylvania today. maybe 4 mah new cat house???
Come in and try one of our three new refreshing drinks, Thai Basil Blueberry Lemonade, Watermelon Mint Aqua or Raspberry Orange Lemonade!
Getting a ride from <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Ignoring Laker fans me on purpose LOL
“ I just seen a squirrel get jumped on my 7other squirrels”} lol
Preds-VooDoo coming up at 8 p.m. on NFL Network. Preds QB Chris Leak will be making his first AFL start tonight.
I've been meaning to ask you. What happened to Common Ground in Dorchester? Is it really gone for good?
Is your home in need of repairs ?Call a contractor you can trust.At Mr.D's we provide complete home renovation services.Call Mr.D's Today !
Beautiful weather today!!!! Shame I'm headed to work
Dang this dude is bipolar. Now they grinning again smh. Oh no, she fucked up again. Plz don't let me have to stomp this dude. Too hungry.
Follow me back,Is Awsome related to Desperate Housewives online streams
Aww man and I'm limping smh
we'd love to have you at , Steve. we do presentations on the 2nd tues of every month.
Packers lose their first game of the season, Colts win their first.
Actually one is a guy.
Thanks for the follow. Do you have any cool green travel tips?
too mch rain see yu tomorrow
Operation: Learn Photoshop. Happy Monday @ the office. :)
Use the 5 whys. Ask the question 5 times to get to the root cause of something that needs to be changed, tweaked or adjusted.
Today's advice: If consuming 12 oz. of per day didn't lead to wealth in 2011, be sure to up intake to 24 oz./day in 2012.
YES! the first #bb14 promo i've seen! I know i'm late on that, but it made me super excited for july :)
Yes Officer She “Is” Underage” But It’s OK… She’s Here To Do A Report For Her Social Studies Class…
Hey Sheena, you should check out He's a killer metal guitar player.
How ironic that I post up a Bruce Pearl photo earlier, and it looks like he's ended his feud finally with Jimmy Collins of 23 years.
Momentum ROCKS!!!!
Hahahaha knew it! To much to like right here *rubbing leg* (; Lmao!!!
If you keep doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always gotten…if you want change, go after it, & make it happen.
chocolate covered bacon? just upped the brunch ante cc/
that thing didn't actually work did it?
get on Kevin!
Be sure to support the great Ron Paul!
Love being on tour with my school house peops. West Virginia, mountain mamma, take me home, country road!
good that's what I was going for!
Machete machete machete machete
it's not good to knock others, when you have dreams yourself. you keep YOURSELF down when you ATTEMPT to keep them down as well.
Truth! - RT : Most important hire in a startup? Designer. Better if one founder is a designer.
haha no probelem, but for what??
Lone wolf Ashley
Im ready for my day. Hope class is shorter.
why thank you :)
i said all that to say....the regular season means very lil/nothing when everyone is screwed by the schedule
I just like making people smile that's all...
Fuck people and their feelings
fo sho... wait til he finds out about the mrsa :-o i'm sure that'll make him comfy.
hey babe. did you get a random voicemail? ahaha
plum upside down cake rocked our Seder and my gluten-free vegan world, equally
RT : Hate has no place where God dwells. Let LOVE rule.
Sexual frustration is no joke.
Chinoe's incense >>
Plyometrics one day and Snowboarding the next day.... OMG my body is T.D. !!!!
yes maam :) i'll email it to you!
i think i have an obsession with j biebs (: i officially have the fever! lol.
We glad you like the track "Waisted" It is much appreciated by the label
What sort of design are you looking for? We are a graphic design company.
6am is gonna come real soon!
From the archives: "July 23, 1986. I Had 2 Donuts for Breckfest + On The Way to Indiana. I Went to the Library." So little has changed.
so where does that move Kalil to? Can't imagine Browns take him. Rams won't.
Can I come on the next show??? I MISS YOU GUYS.
I'm the person people hire haha. Must be nice being handsome! Werk!
In deep thought this morning, there are some things I'm not understanding right now
100,000,000 Hoodie March was amazing. I wish I could have stayed longer. Midterms.
"No, my bake is NOT brained." -Patrick
Feel like a really big hypocrite.
signed up to volunteer for VP debate coming in fall, the world will see our tiny college host the 2 people vying for the worst job on Earth
Tune in! RT : Radio Premiere of 'REACH THE STARZ' on , Portland's #1 Hip-Hop & R&B Radio Station, on September 26th
Apparently, I'm on a poetry kick. With all these side projects, it's no wonder my book suffers so. Need to focus...
I misinformed NFL SUN works even better!!
Correction from earlier Tweet Operation "Little Girl Lost" Thank you!!
Having a great day connecting with another great #nwindiana colleague ! Always solid business advice.
it has made me aware of lil'Boozie.
thank u angie!
I hate old people so much sometimes ! :\
I'm gonna call you Christina... Christina darling...
Does anyone have a suggestion for a GPS unit that I can use in my car and off road for geocaching? Do I need two different devices?
When will there be a decrease in the cost of airline tickets? Ugh!
well i'm chris s., i got meetings galore. you may have a lot of meetings but i got much more. now for a late lunch.
no problem! :)
Today @ TASC We're in #Baltimore building on what works to #expandlearning w/ great partners like
just emailed you to find out what you know about First hand knowledge, apparently!
Wow, it appears my whole building and the trolley station next door just lost power.
Feeling's mutual! RT : Nothing like starting a Monday morning off with great conversation with Gonna be a good week
Cubs get on the board only trailing by one run. 3-2 Dodgers on top. Top of the 4th.
My Ss recvd snail mail from S. Korea, Australia, UAE, and Argentina. Loved the stamps. Magical.
So angry! I cracked my screen <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
is gonna be on #sytycd tonight, I'm excited for the show, but all I can think about is what is she gonna wear!!? lol
I don't want to see either of you in tights, lol.
Yes, I only know one brave soul there: perhaps she can shed some light on the Denver scene?
Queue a tweet from Andrew Filliponi "I don't get all the Barajas hate, I liked him all along"
I hope this a post you're actually working on MT : "my campaign to offer up healthier alternatives to the Black Keys"
is FINALLY verified!! I'm slow I know <33
#dalailama tell villegas great job on spraying crowd
Congratulations to a great person and an even better person. “: Feeling a need to celebrate :)”
Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes.
I think that tchers can handle criticism but it's the criticism w/o other pathways 2 success that's frustrating
-yawn- tired and i called into work today like a boss
happy weekend to you, too! Just now figuring out what to do.
Gm tweeps $alute! The mind of a dreamer has strong power when used correctly.
lol weirdo shut up you liked it
Haha From my mom: If I tweeted, I'd tweet that I am so hot right now. No air condition on red line.
Fans that are brain washed get on my Mutha f****** nerves
i know right, my mums gone out!-_-
funniest thing on Colbert today: "fake states" states that don't follow the constitution! Yes, they exist! Watch Colbert
If Zynga gets into gambling, which is inevitable, do you think digital pawn shops will be a thriving business? ; - ) RT
We're more than happy to mention you and point our fair city's Tweeters to your organization.
Going blonde. :)
oh, just the Keurig...it's OK now - I just had to jiggle it a couple (four or five) times haha
of course<3
just followed u;)
So glad you've met!
Menger bar it is. What day/time for the tweet-up?
super excited about next week. being able to sing at a retreat for a week?!!! WOOH!and then the following week..CRUISE!!!.WOOH and then..idk
buy me one, too! oh, wait. Can't drink... I'll have a cupcake!
i hate S.G I do not speak English im from argentina
Kathleen Falk: "Budgets are moral documents." Nice!
LOLOL!! I like how sometimes people ask how much you paid & they say "I know someone that could do that for $50."
Have a wonderful weekend everyone! Be safe!
I'm actually not..I've never heard of her before! :) She seems cool though! :D
I'm not cute when I'm jealous. I'm just a total bitch.
Que le regalo a mi novio :O ?
in a knicks jersey like what?!?!
I'm eating lunch, so my life is great!
That's sweet! Thanks for the follow! Loving all the info and learning to use twitter
you did not tell me about this!!! exciting!!
how old is she and she get being bad from that godmommie that spoil her
RUDY, RUDY, RUDY. I could go for some pump and dump sauce right about now.
I do on occasion. I typically run a 4 mike route from Planet Fitness through Lakeshore State Park. Maybe some day next week?
I tell that hoe I did that
Um excuse me!
Check out ! FREE tool for parents/teachers! Online portfolios for dev. milestones & memories! Parents <3 love it!
Check out our new and improved website! www.socialimpactinc.org
can you try to get Bailey to follow me please! (:
#stpatricksday parties start tonight in #Boston Everyone be careful!
Jack & White show plugged in this weeks is a AND Jerry Perry Presents show! We got left out! Imagine that...
oh ok!ik it was something likke that melow stuff!dang!smh!LOL & what yu mean church sometimes...it shuld be all the time!
lol niggas photos would be sorry as hell
Okay finally posted the #bandoftheday for all of you who asked me what band I was talking about earlier :)
Justin Lin (Fast Five) will bring David Henry Hwang's CHINGLISH to the big screen.
(and your browser caches the image once you've loaded the blogpost)
love & hate relationship with Always gives me the itches... to travel.
Music is life.
Listening to ABC NEWS on Slacker Radio... The state of the world is pretty damn bad right now.
1 of my favorite rides-Gorgeous. And congrats btw!“: On the train back from NYC. Ride up the Hudson is mystic. #iloveNY”
Zona, NOLA, and Tampa are gonna be great. Pittsburgh will be smaller, but as good as it gets
New Partnership North Carolina Web Design and Development Distinx and WebPromotion.com >>> www.distinx.com "2 Thumbs Up!"
you've got to be kidding??? No? Incredible name... find me on facebook and let me know the story!
What amateur or upcoming model will be the next piece of fine art on my computer screen? Photo retouching..collages...party albums..inbox me
This week is dragging... #Christmas come soon!
Can 1 b called a Muslim who rejects Quran & Hadith? I will appreciate n honest answer cuz I m confused.
Just worked out with dolvett from the biggest loser. No big.
Twitter spats: mastered. Next benchmark: Photo that is not an egg.
self control: ON. & tonight, no iphone either.
Oh man, I'm going to watch the Matrix trilogy tonight…or the first one three times.
My vote goes to Melanie (number 3)
I've just watched the first few episodes, really like it. It weirded me out at first to see an US show with a Brit form.
People will try and find a way to connect it and make it about us.
"Lacrymosa" kept him there.
#TONIGHT presents their debut of We know EVERYONE is excited, for VIP & Guestlist Text 786.991.3945
Spending night in Racine, preparing for early AM talk about finaid & student success for senior admin team !
Dang this nigga came threw in the clutch
what im doin is extremely ratchet right now
Hey that is a great song! Check out "Lift Me Up" by The Afters. In good times and bad times, God will be there to lift us up!
hahaha u have pretty eyes(;
Yeah, saw this. Does sound like that. Dude is not big on enunciation.
Lol hes all i talk about like how does he not know!? he had miley cyrus on his plane and said nothing. so go figure:p
Glad to meet Ginny.
What is love
Awesome! Glad you enjoyed it.
I like texting with my new phone c:
so your perf wins come mostly from binding to in memory data storage, less from 0mq?
So I'm up for no reason,,, can't fall asleep,,,
My label: "Airhead" What is your label? #StopBullying 3.
What to do meanwhile....??
2 days until our single drops! In studio right now finishing up tracking!
EVERYONE GO FOLLOW HURRY SHE FOLLOWS BACK GOGOGO!!
fuck green machine.
my dorm is having an event tonight. if you are in the #AUC hmu for more details
DD is doing great, He can move on and off the field
I watched the 2nd one recently on Netflix & yeah, I kinda regret watching it.
Refocused On My Goals,And Feeling The Love!,i Won't Let u Down..
fingers crossed!
Right. Cuz you know, WI actually gained 25k jobs in the past year. The liberal media is changing the
Haha! Better the Devil you know? (Also: thnx for restoring your posts. But now I'm at the start of exam week grading :-( )
I'll be tweeting about #Occupy and other W-S-politic-related stuff tonight starting at 7 p.m.! Stay tuned!
IM TIRED AF
Is Wade Phillips still the coach? Can't tell the difference.
The Butterflies In My Tummy Feel LIke The Ones I Used To Get When I Was Falling For You <3
Why did I feel like that when they just hugged they've seen each other before? Haha
yeah Vivian we all know ur the bada** of the group
OHIO CHAUTAUQUA in Lima - tomorrow night, 6 pm, under the red & white stripped tent - meet Mary Boykin Chesnut, southern abolitionist!
this guy with a missing eye keeps staring at me. *gulps*
does anyone have strong opinions about whether I should choose The Sound and the Fury or As I Lay Dying for an exam list? I'm uncertain
Im jus sayn YOU COULD DO BETTER :
sumthin I can go in on. Like a tupac back type beat
Best tweet of the day RT dang i misspelled awkward. thats awkward.
And then you feel so low you can't feel nothing at all <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
get a skort! I'm sure those are banned for purely aesthetic reasons.
Getting our Plone migration timeline figured out--maybe we will get most stuff done by year end?
Well i light of recent events im going to bed. Im emotionally drained and cant bear to tweet while im crying still so goodnite
Such a cool vibe at the Cheat River Festival today. A great crowd & and no rain during our set!
I saw you talking about some girl earlier. i see youre moving on lmao
RT @ teamhammerhead , let's talk about Joel McHale's hair now. I say Rogaine. <<<<<----Whatever it is, I say fab-u-lous!
I've got to admit March Madness is my favorite time of the year at this company.
Horns by Reads amazingly like a Stephen King book, which is NOT a bad thing! Must be in the genes... ;)
#iHeartColdplay west or east coast ? I DO
The academic achievement gap has grown by 40% in the last decade, says
ended up at Rock Bottom Brewery. Too many negative reviews of Safe House.
"Don't die with your music still inside you" Dr. Wayne Dyer
if H turns down the challenge who takes on taker??
hahaha about time!!
now every time it's 11:11 it makes me think of 's song. <3
Tommy L. Looks good and on way home from hospital.
Forgot laptop charger at home...
Great job today RockStar!!!
Welcome to twitter!
Long ass drive too work
Hot Club of Hulaville playing tonight @ Cafe Che Pasta. Music starts at 6PM
I wish I could rewind to this time last year and fix all the problems that shouldn't have happened <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
The flying naked mannequins, ooh and the red velvet carousel.
The great closet douching of 2012 has begun.
You got to have The Funkasaurus Brodus Clay!!!
my dogs day are over lane.
Ok now I legit want to throw up on the ref
Sorry girls. Just got your tweets. Didn't send a DM to you. Sorry. I'm aware of the hacker and changed my pass.
ok :) let us know! We play around 8 pm
wow really hmm that sucks and do you know who won the fight ??
RT : Happy stdt "Thanks for encouraging me to go to Digigirlz. I learned so much & had a great time!" You R so welcome.
Chaz Bono's Celebrity Impersonator is addicted to sexual reassignment hormones.
": Fred Dickey and John Galo!!!" You forgot El Buffalo, the perfect place to pawn those OLD Super Bowl rings.
You, my dear have the color pink in my timeline, so I know the pretty pink coded tweets are from you :-) How de body?
Tonight, indulge with the Shredded Beef Burrito. If you want to guarantee some Shredded goodness, call us and we'll hold some for you
Have a good evening.
With at #durtynellies come support pediatric cancer and her bro at 5:30 $5 charge for cancer research
- Let us know if we can help you RT anything... we love pets!
Apparently there is an extra scene after the credits in Breaking Dawn!
Come on bring on Alcatraz
you get it too?? i have antidaephobia
unlike last year thx god
You're such a good mom to be interested in what your kids are interested in. You get excited when they get excited. Great mom!
gotta say, most people said preso from of was most suprising/exciting at Google's #bigtent event
You win some you lose some!
yeah man
obviously if you tweeted about it..
My head might explode from all the NFL signings... and now NBA trades have started, here we go.
Lebron puts up NUMBERS. Not wins. Mvp candidate? Suck my balls. So tired of that talk!
Happy Birthday to , founder of the Vans Warped Tour. Have an awesome day man, thank you for being so great to us!!
- twilight is a little "angsty-er ", I would guess. Lol.
Covenant to comply w/ laws not enough for privacy issues. Need to specify independent security standards with means to update/audit
Time for #mybootcamp in the rain. Years ago I would have been smart enough to come up with an excuse to stay home.
it's a shame. Damn shame
speaking of scenarios like this I am currently reading "Game Change" - can't put it down!
Dang! 4 Florida home runs kill #Gamecocks 8-2. FL has 11 hits to 6 for USC. Season high 10 walks allowed by Carolina pitchers. Not our best.
The 500th LIKE on Facebook gets a free 8 oz tube of Olivina Body Butter (valued at $24).
there's going to be a whole generation of children that will hear Dean Martin singing and say "That's logistics!"
Stress is my number one worst enemy.
It's early & March is wht counts so let the Gaels pour onto their floor lk they won the championship
If you liked my last tweet, you're probably 4 years old.
"You silly termite!"
Today hasn't been a good day at all
Exactly why I'm hooked, plus there's surprisingly a good joke or two an episode.
And I need to stop snapping and shut up before I get fired
I'm alone in the house & I'm just screaming fangirling!! So excited!!<33
ha ha! Yes, I know :) #PSW is in Vegas (also) in Sept. Hoping to go again. Yes, I saw your blog. Great work!
BLESSED TO SEE A NEW DAY. SLEPT GOOD LAST NIGHT
Catch you later!
Can it be accepted as true. Audience believe the character. Art is not truth.
I suppose getting " #TalkTwitterToMe " to trend just isn't gonna happen... I need to get more followers to do that....
Avocado is WIN! RT : A4: Caterpillar roll! Love me some avocado!
Thanks for the follow and hope you're having a great night
The Silk Tie likes Nelson!
Beck's beer: High-stakes, high-quality #packaging #redesign coming out of Argentina
At this UPenn, Stanford, Harvard, Georgetown, and Duke presentation.. These people here seem snobby
Mark Cubin wants to do the same. Check out maverickblog
Confs at home are absolutely weird. A little too much! I remember having 2 in Denver 1 year. Ugh! But hey-- I'll buy ya a drink!
I am ready to start heading home!! Ugh So bored
Us Samanthas have way more fun
Did you see me in 's new video? (: I was on his necks (:
found out the cat was a guy -eugene
just got back from raising a little over $1,500 for Obama by spouting poetry with some friends.
second that!!!
I kinda Go over the top sometimes
The weather is sucking tonight - stay home, drink beer, listen to www.pirateradioportland.com - tonight at 9pm pacific
Finished the Steve Jobs biography. I have a new appreciation for the art of products and the necessity of focus.
It's getting chilly.... Might be a good night to warm up with a 3 Floyds Moloko!
AUSTIN CAN I HAVE A GOODNIGHT I LOVEW YOU TWEET?? **Always<3**
The Maxwell concert in ATL cannot come soon enough.
Next time they deliver the Yellow Pages, I hope they include a Super Nintendo so I'll get 2 things that haven't been relevant since the 90's
Tryingto upload the West Regon Rally video to YouTube....does it always take 8x as long to upload as the video is in length?
Second to none.
same here :)
B-17% of moms admit they are what? Call in to win: 313.298.9630
R E T W E E T IF YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS | #TeamFollowBack | #InstantFollowBack | #TeamAutoFollow | #500ADay | #TFB (must be following me)
#Romeny need secret service to protect him from tnt
really verizon is dong this for ux? they should take a look at the droid or how about fios not that google is any different
I can't promise to fix all you're problems, but I can promise you won't have to face them again.
Glad you digg it Christa! :o)
Interesting that I'm absent in Bennett's talk. We really hit it off as long lost siblings in New York.
#ToMyUnbornChild me and will be the proudest parents (((;
Yep, Cubs and Brewers. What ya expect? Insane.
Its Not That Ima Different Person Im Just Making Better Chioces For Myself N Puttin Myself N Better Situations To Stay Outta Trouble.!!!
. I love your ideas! It's time to create understanding of all the garbage.
WHAT. you goober.
i forgot, my haircut is today o: so if you want, we can hang out tomorrow insteead. is that ok? :)
try looking noow love. Welcome bby. But seriously. Smile. I knoow your strong. #BELIEVE. <3
rickie is back! Yes
You Are Doing The Most -____-
Busy day ahead of me today!
Going to campus early today.... My house is like a dead zone when it comes to homework!
Upgrading to the new myspace this weekend. Be sure to check it!
Never getting up at 4a.m. Again #sleepy #lifeofaprincess <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><U+2708><U+2708><U+2708>
Pell Grant recipients, learn how you can earn up to $5,000 to study abroad at the Gilman Scholarship info session, 4:30-5:30, McKinley 155
Napoleon Dynamite is so dumb..
Amen and HalleluYER!!!!!
Did you set resolutions or goals for 2012? We'd love to hear what they are!
love you!!! Are you still alive??? ;) lol
Why has my thumb still not gotten any better? ):
Is it true? Is B&N going to sell off the Nook and digital book part of their business?
is following me on twitter, I couldn't get any happier
thank you for sponsoring the Wine Down event for So many worth organizations you are supporting every month!
Alcoholism is the only disease that tries to convince you that you don't have it. -- Scott Eddy ()
Ahaha! you're welcome.
#oomf just called me & the guy she been wantin for months minute man! damn i bet that sucked lol!!
ooh that sucks I get of at 3... Going to Mo's party!:)
Wanna sleep but my head won't keep quiet. Out to the porch with tea I go... love the rain at night. Let's talk.
Plugging in my phone charger before it dies>>>>>
TONIGHT: Vegan 101 Season 2 screening starring ERIC ROBERTS at LA Film, TV Webisode Festival April 16 at 7:45pm, Raleigh Studios - Hollywood
Do you want to know a good way to fall in love? Just associate all your pleasant experiences with someone,
Thanks for the tip. I'll be getting out of work early and I should be able to make it!
damn I love that girl.
you're welcome! Thanks for the link, I'll definitely have to read up! :-)
RT : c/o : Don't make your customer do something you wouldn't do! :)
ha u look like the trailer park . Get ur right hoe im much more high class than that . U probably dont even have a job so stfu
Please don't yell, I had a rough night. Have fun b safe send photo
My mom got her a lil boo thang.. Im so happy for her !!!
I miss you too. Lol we dont talk as much :/
doesn't matter. Police officer's have wants and needs too! ;))))
What are you waiting for C.G.?
GOP probably won't allow it. The RINOs are scared of Newt.
2:00 in the am we still in the studio
What's better, hiring someone in-house to manage your company's social media or outsourcing to an agency? Why?
k let me know! Just come by and you will get some buns
I love this boy, that has hazel eyes, brown hair, lives in Miami, living his dream, sweet, sexy, my inspiration. His name is
Harpers wrist tats: "Left", "Right"
Had fun at Rachael's "friend" 4th bday party today. The kids all made their own T-shirts; Rachael's features "double dog, double rainbow."
This promo from Johnny Ace is getting me to like him more rather than hate him since I'm not a John Cena fan.
Brisk fall day today.
Gotta find time to do my March Madness brackets before 11am Thursday
lmfao! I love you too kell! :D
Is it possible to take screen shots with droids?
I always thought that Minor League baseball team gear would become trendy. There are some dope logos and graphics.
When A Bitch Try To Make me Look Stupid They End Up Makin Themselves Look Like Ah HOE
Wish I was at the #MarableConference. Someone just tweeted my mentor Ula Taylor's remarks.
I think the "new restaurant" needs a jazz guitarist or pianist...not amateur night...
Nope. I'm going to think of it when I stop trying.
yeah it's insane! I got a skirt and pants so that's prob why it was worse but yes thank god for parental assistance haha
#Architects & Design Professionals, take this #AIA Approved ONLINE CE Course in your PJ's!goo.gl/sQmVJ
See you at BIO in DC
Check that. Bin laden is dead
I don't even know you guys, but I love that she has already tweeted! Welcome Sofia! (my daughter's name too)
Bitch, my phone battery last longer than your relationships!!!! Haha dam
When you can't find your remote<<<< <f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Had a blast at the movies with my daughter.
#Prettylittlethings as of wrap in mid-July is currently in post-production expected to last until late-september, mid-October.
Don't forget! Today's the last day to get 25% OFF ENTIRE ORDER by using promocode BROWNS25 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
"What the hell does #FF mean? Fist fuck fridays?" "No, that would be #F."
New Seasons better clean up their act and Sedlar better resign as a manager, or Brady won't be winning mayor after all.
Most definitely.
ditto. but the only way I'll have a life is if I move somewhere and try but I doubt that'll ever happen
Let's go
AP Comp exam today with
Anthony Shadid, two-time PulitzerPrize Ny times reporter and Uw alum, died. A tragic loss for the news-reading public.
Really irked with USTA. Don't tell me on my b-day I can't play for a tennis team.
Hi Bill, thanks for following! We met at Baylor a while ago!
o okay!
The way u look at me is different, they way u talk to me is different, the way u act around me is different.
#gameofthrones best fantasy tv show ever?
“: Dear please prepare a whisky for me. I like Elijah Craig 12 with 2 rocks. Thank you! #pdxdmc” > I'm in!
I have to move Collection G to the space where F is. But first F to E, E to D, D to C, C to B, and B to A. Problem - nowhere to put A.
Thanks much for the RT today!
#HumbleBrag RT : interesting fact about evolution: i am god
lol. im not...but you act like yu Dnt walk slow as hell eitha tho.
RT : As a designer, part of yr job desc shld B 2 talk yr client out of using Comic Sans or Arial 4 their piece.
"I led her there, when the sun drooped like a slack hammock long into the late afternoon..."
This Man Wants Jeter's Job Eduardo Nunez is driven by one goal: to someday be the everyday shortstop for the New York Yankees.
waiting on u to drop that music
Always refreshing to hear speak about the holistic design of healthy, empowering communities.
Love to read the twitter commentary when people are in the middle of watching tv shows.Tweets from the last #FlippingOut are pretty funny.
uh, unicycle?
I have the busiest schedule ever
How would you like to make some $$ by telling us your opinions of Coke Zero? Ping back for more info! :-)
What an incredible weekend! As believers, we are ESCAPING GRAVITY!
Sleeping tonight would be fun, but that won't happen.
When kids from Boston go to bed they don't worry about the Boogie Man. They fear Robert Andino.
#Weedman txt me and said he got that shit that be rapping about...must be his selling point..lol
congrats on all your success!
Finally out of school, graduation on thursday, got a couple jobs lined up
get your brown #84 jersey now!!!!. spoke to the steelers store they getting the jerseys in for this year
And a beautiful one it is!
Mark Sanchez courtside at MSG... chatting with Tony Soprano's sister? That deserves a screenshot, or something
if you're hating on vivian i'm unfollowing you. calling her selfish? she's actually SELFLESS.
Hiring! Looking for a contract SharePoint developer to work with our client in Hillsboro, OR. If interested, then please reply. #PDX #Sha…
that's never a bad idea. Naps >>>
#socialmediais when you read the newspaper with your friends?
*picks up jason taking him back upstairs and laying him in his crib. Smiles down at him, kisses his head, pulls his blanket up* sleep we'll
are you going to do a recap on Baby Chili? I've read some mixed reviews.
yes, not arguing with that part, but the need is largely unknown until the solution is present.
Off Thursday need to find something to do.
"hi my names heidi klockenbrink and I like to quote sponge bob and try different shampoos..."
I agree, but what do you suggest?
Google+ trends: Gmail adds image and video thumbnails to people widget
Nothing like camping in February with the Cub Scouts
Patients pays, only 3 minutes to passing.
In order to hate you actually have to care.
Thanks for the mention. Cheers!
Son Salvaje will be at Tampa Bay's HOTTEST Latin Night tonight at from 830-Midnight w/ Salsa Lessons at 9!
References to that movie were banned 2 days ago.
Batman:Arkham City is out on 18th (after NYCC but still) A B&W version of Batman/Catwoman to see all your awesome pencil work!
Thank you , for spreading the word about our guest speaker.
Goodnight! & Your welcome for going!
Getting ready to do some retail therapy!!
Just slowing down, soaking it in.... ah, there it is: electricity. It's a Breakthrough about to happen in PuertoRico
invest in a 'bump key'... won't be much of a problem for u anymore
New THings are happening....
every trip will want to make you stay longer! Enjoy the day its absolutely gorgeous outside!!!
Stop lookin at me fartnocker or else I'm gonna eat ur for lunch! Ima hungry shark bear today
With free checked bags on it perplexes me why people still bring on massive carry-ons.
Gotta have all your bases covered.
Off to Indiana to watch kick some ass.
um don't know is what true??
My voice is getting better,but not up to usual
I'm tweeting while driving cus the cop next to me is doing it too!
I bombed last nite
The Marriage Equality bill gets signed into law today. Happy Equality Day, everyone!
Welcome! RT : Good evening #BCSM Sorry Im late! We had softball/baseball games tonight!
looking forward to yours as well!
I want Hetalia on DVD for Christmas/ my birthday. So baddly.
Louis - "My best ever Christmas present was probably.. A subscription to The Fishing Magazine.."
Go back to sleep. “ Goodmorning”
Filling out this ASB application and idk what to write.
I think it may be called the "diabetic diet". Continue to keep us posted - that is when you are not in sugar coma :-)
RT : Excited as hell to go to the #OrangeBowl tomorrow with Shits gonna be off the meat rack!
I hate holidays. Happy Easter I guess!
your leaving like everyone else in my life thanks for giving me false hope that you wouldnt leave too
Go Rockets!!!
Carlos Beltran looks just like woody harrelsons girlfriend in "white men can't jump". Just saying.
Hubby called me outside to see a big 6' black snake in the backyard today. Did I really need to know about that?
“: i was born a rebel #drivebytruckers” nice!
How else would they command fear at their night jobs…running s&m clubs?
So many typos in books published these days. So true. Great question. Is electronic publishing the cause?
RT if you want my number!!!
That's a very strange series of events. Almost Barefoot Bandit-esque. Thanks for sharing.
Yes!!! 1st class DEN --> OAK :) looking forward to being home :)
oh, i need to get me one of those!
Another promising Chicago sports team's season cut short by the loss of the team's Quarterback
I'm still reading one you gave me a while back. Tremendous book.
Everything is getting smaller except for prices.
Trip is officially booked for #St.Lucia!!!
that's lovely zayn!
The surprise twist in the "agent hiring a hooker to lure athletes story" was that it was a BASEBALL agent who did it.
Haha you did so much better daughter. Obviously learned from the best ;)
“: "I should have my own movie, Life and times of a mixed American vegetarian."” I'd watch it.
SOURCE is shooting Episode Four of Freefall the Webseries!
The Spa Room is amazing!
is there a #lodlam tutorial or website that explains how to get resources from 0-60 into something usable for our efforts?
Pinterest is alot of fun, however. So much variety!
Love me or hate me. Either way I'm on your mind. Marinate on that......
Madonna's fashion collection Material Girl has been so successful the superstar has expanded the brand to include a full beauty line....
Bo Ryan doesn't redshirt anyone. The choice is the player's to redshirt. Also, Ryan is the most anti- transfer coach out there.
Need a new buddy to talk to . R/T if you do too .
"Mystery creates wonder, and wonder is the basis of man's desire to understand." - Neil Armstrong
I'll give you ..... A piece of gum Socks Peanut butter ANN CLOWNS IF YOU FOLLOW
Gomes looked like he was having a seizure when attempting to catch Halladay's line drive
9 days straight going to sleep at 2am, lost an hour to DLS, and back to working at 8am today and was perfectly awake! Thanx to #Vitality!
Certainly Wacom is a trusted brand, however the tip looks a bit clunky. Is it accurate enough to sketch/write cleanly?
Woohoo! many thanks
seriously, NW was overrun by joggers yesterday! RT : Suddenly runners everywhere NW 23rd #PDX Suspect trailing zombies.
is excited to speak about data-driven solutions in financial education for Higher Ed at annual APSCU
o yeaa. Just gay.
#c21nonhuman misses you too.
cant wait 2 spend my first nite in my new place....yay!!!!
I bet somebody real happy that they found MY ten dollars on the ground -.-
Awesome! What's your book/article about?
its been since 2010 for me :(
Spent the last hours of my workday with two of the most powerful figures in my field / profession - truly an honor!
I love my , but even better is the kindness, speed and efficiency of 's customer service!
haha ya I know right!!(: just 1 click and your done, OK maybe a little time to load(:
Thnx for the RT - you guys had everybody on their feet in Louisville. See ya in Indy.
#Factorfaked comes on tonight at 9pm on #SyFy!! looking forward to it! one of my favorite shows!! bring on some more!!!
I still remember the feeling I felt when I first started talking to you. <U+2665>
April Fool's 1778 - Oliver Pollock, a New Orleans businessman, creates the dollar sign, $, by way of bad handwriting and an abbr. for pesos
beach body... #p90x in a bit ;)
watching The Guild season 3 with and I'm laughing so hard!!!!
22. #Brewers 3 #Cardinals 2 | Zack wins on the road / Axford's save streak continues / On to the West Coast.
it's because everybody is gone
. fans Monday we talk to the #MenAtWork star! If you have questions please be sure to tweet them to us!
Fear: That I'll give in before I finish my life. Dream: One day, people will care more. <3
Another book I checked out from the library is on Turkey. Such detail! Can't wait to go somewhere.
It's ADA Sunday! 10% of your purchase today will be donated to Augusta Dog Adoptions!
today is starting to feel like friday. i love holiday weekends!
Sand Volleyball Tuesday with the girls! I suck, but it's always fun
THANK YOU! Every little bit helps! You are great!!!
love that movie. Nothing phases me either. Half my movie collection is gory horror.
That's the kind of nonsense up with which I will not put!
Do you have a favorite book about the Mongol empire in the fourteenth century?
Up early thought it was a day off but getting ready to plan for next week with my mom.
Give us one word to describe your #Sukkot experience...
Put my face up in your neck and breath
That one small rally
Can over-analyzing situations be a transferable job skill? I sure hope so!
So far it's the best turnout ever for our 4th annual clothing swap! Lotz of clothes and monetary donations for
I might be taking it to a new level but I have not and will never set foot in Fort Collins!
shopping for journals...wondering who would want to know that! haha!
With the advantage of hindsight...but how do you now feel about the Withey/TRob vs Davis/Jones comparison? (Respectfully)
Calling all dc-area #foodies. Need #caterer recs for a cocktail party on May 19th.
This week's fortune cookie: "Any troubles you may have will pass very shortly." Now that's something to look forward to! But is it true?
#minneapolis--->ice road truckers
Deleting your facebook is like running away from home. Your just doing it for attention and you'll be back in an hour.
dats my dog's name :3
I'm out of town today but I'd be happy to write an email detailing a few things.
My babe is graduating in white <33
Beautiful day to sit on our patio!
Woo-hoooo!!! Love these shorts days at work.... Hello Weekend!
#twitterupdate: I just #procrastinated by #synthesizing (<--pun) an awesome new background for
How comfortable do you feel asking your doctor or pharmacist questions if you don't fully understand them?
Not Garza. I just made the same mistake, haha.
Straight To The Top Music video talks on the way, got Jenn Gittings on board now as DP with crew and Director Scott Dobbie. . Bring it!
Awe its so cute when you think I care its niggas like you that made bitches like me #swag don't hate just appreciate
I went to Stanford; they're not good at idleness there, I can assure you. Wisconsin far better (e.g. more beer).
Somebody once said "Nothing is worth more than this day!"
,gotta love kooooooolaid man
Wild Wednesday is today from 3:30-5:30. We have games and more importantly... leftover snacks from last week's Hunger Games party!
hey kailz, hows life on the mainland?! Where r u? I just saw the hunger games, without shaen ^.^
explain to me how, i shall do whatever
hey i switched it up and got a professionalish twitter =]
¦<U+2661>¦Hope You're Enjoying a #Beautiful Day! ¦<U+2661>¦ A busy day for me!..Wanted to say~T.Y. For~RTs|MMs|DMs|SOs!¦<U+2661>¦ Stay Safe!
Get me a Moosejaw Tee and I'll take it to Mt. Everest base camp. Leaving in 10 days. Will take photo for you,too
i stay off hollywood
The Beatles - Within You Without You - 04:30 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
Tuesday? I shall try to contain my excitement.
I really wanna go see
There is NO Fried Chicken University. It's a shame...a degree from there might be quite noticeable. McDonald's has a Hamburger University...
haha (; i miss that too
Thank you for the clarification. I appreciate it.
found out friend of mine got a promotion to a higher position than me @ work and Jon is being annoying
hearts beating like crazyy!
what's good bro? How you living?
#wewontworkif you're like every other fucking asshole that I've met in my life. So, basically that's every dude alive.
What makes a business suitable for factoring?low levels of debt more than 90 days overdue.
#yeahbuddy RT : thanks for the RT my california friend
Game 7. 1 goal game. #becauseItsTheCup It will be laid on the line by both teams. ILovePlayoffHockey #Rangers caps
ain't answer the phone when I called her hours ago, it's coo
about what? Lol
Poker on Thursday at 5:30 at Gary's house. Let me know. Peace!
Photography tip #1. When a director poses just for you and asks how the photo looks don't say " ehhh... average...".
Okay math. I'm gonna be an athletic trainer when the hell am i gonna need to know how to solve a freaking quadratic function?!
lol y u say that
If we had known that, having procured the cable box, we would then be required to beg Comcast to turn the horrid thing on...
#eli2011 In its analytics, Purdue ignores all data related to time. It takes some effort to log in but no effort to stay logged in.
did you get an answer?
just thinking the same thing.
Books do tend to find the precise reader they require. Trust me on this, I am a librarian.
Andreas Master winner of the Certain Death 1.1 Online Tournament
She Stupid If She Believe Me.
Food for Thought: One reason I don't drink is that I want to know when I am having a good time.lol Have a Prosperous Day Tweeters!
Lakers have NO bench. Good lord.
what? You don't like help?.. Fine then, cause I would of...
movie doing what?
da fuq. who spells Nicole with a H.
Thank you & for your quality work with the Peak Producer program. It was an amazing experience!
Are people there all day? Only media coverage has #occupycolumbus ending at 1:00.
Did you guys get hacked? RT : Spam salad filled ravioli
Thank you fine sir that should be lots of help!
Welcome to Georgia! and Peter Konz
Yikes. Tony Picciano unloaded a full broadside against Blackboard during the plenary panel.
Good morning twitter bout 2 go 2 church and also happy mothers day
baby girl i miss you soo much come dance with me
So with there being 12 days till Christmas. Im gonna play a fun little game. I am going to tweet a Holiday Quote per day. :)
March 14, 2012 Quote of the Day "The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." – Eleanor Roosevelt
The one day I'm on when tweets. I tweet to him all I can and of course he doesn't even notice me!
And the Romans with the W ! <U+E057><U+E106><U+E409>
Running a 1/2 OFF special for the event I'll be cycling for in April. 100% of session price goes to support this cause! Contact for info!
What said ;-) Thanks!
So excited to see you host again. Break a leg.
Please RT! is Bmore's newest and coolest resource. Great way to build community and repair neighborhoods!
Can't stand the smell of old people
You training for something or what? 8 mi is out of your range son ;)
Gracious God, we thank you for the sign of the cross, our enduring reminder of your relationship with us through Christ.
If we have no peace, it is because we have forgotten that we belong to each other. <U+0096> Mother Theresa
I know it's so wrong we can get crappy DSL or crappy cable, and no one else can come in cause of the monopolies set up.
People who do you wrong will soon regret
“ A great relationship is about two things, first, find out the similarities, second, respect the differences.”
lmao, i'm broke
Patsy can't resist a buttery nipple, look out Cera!
So much to remember to forget ....but u fuck everything up ur lost dumb hoe #NeverGunnaLoveYouAgain that's for sure
i turn on the radio and i hear "Hey its Austin Mahone and this is my new single 'Say Something' first played on Y100" WHAT?!?!
I once trusted you to pay me my march madness winnings. smh. RT : You guys ever had your trust breached? -- it sucks, real bad.
I just resisted the urge to post a photo of what I was eating for lunch.
bahaha!! naw girl not this time! ;) gathering again this year then??
Enjoyed it, back in Sac for now, you?
I can't wait to hear my President Barack Obama's SOUT address!
Thank you sir! RT : Happy Birthday !
I definitely love girls who wear baseball caps.
Happy Easter! Or Happy springtime Sunday whichever you prefer. What #wine are you enjoying this afternoon? Its a rose day for me, I must say
I'll let you finish, but.. is, well you know the rest..
Unscramble this spy word, reply or DM me answer, I'll DM u #CovertTU password! The word: GRATET
Slowing but surely teaching myself InDesign.
okay those are incredible
Age is strictly a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. ~ Jack Benny
#idol - The voters made the right call this week, for sure. It should be a good finals.
I told you everyone loves us
Oh goodness! Be careful!
can't rely on myself, always leaning on the Lord n His grace
Knowing that my family is in good shape VIA Twitter is tweeterlicious
Send me a DM with your e-mail and I'll add you to the Google group.
So, I guess my update rituals do not influence remote outcomes afterall. Damn quasi-magical thinking.
RT : L. Nakamura () says Iran revolution wasn't so much revolution for Iran, as much as a revolution for Twitter
exactly! Bailed out by travel call!
You can submit the rest of the application requirements and just let Isis Wright know when you will be taking the exam.
U must BELIEVE IN YOU b4 you can make others do it !!!
I hear you. When someone asked me if I knew any, I almost chuckled. Jobs are not hard to come by for these guys.
The Ice Cream Social Tour starts today! Be sure to say hello to our first time merch guy/all around great dood Jack Mock!
yep-golf actually looks really good in 3-D, Augusta is beautiful. Basketball isn't that great,I threw the glasses during UW NIT
The road to success is always under construction.
Thanks for the Twitter mentions.
w.e not worth arguing with you.
I feel so out of touch. Like I haven't been on any form of Social Media in a long time. :-/.
Congrats on the new gig.
- thanks for the shout out!!
Researching XML handling in AS3. Any suggestions of where to start? podcast, RSS feed, image gallery...?
We should definitely go skating tomorrow again!
Lawnchair in the driveway, joint in my hand
my head hurts so bad :/
Congrats! Very excited to hear that! RT PCI receives $15m Gates Fdtn grant to improve health in northern India
are you watching best of cheers right now?
5 meteors...time for bed.
Q1 #momeochat from the mouth of babes, "she" says that they are making up for what they did not have as kids.
Having crazy dreams lately .
it was GaryVee
I like it!
Need a memory boost? Give your brain a workout with games like chess, Scrabble, or bridge.
Thx Kaitlin RT Great term for what your brand's #sm should aim for from "relevant virality."
Im not Common but im for
Tanner is a loser
Let's go Oakland!!!
excited to be going to TED Global this year and to hear your talk. +1 for strange. :)
Happy St. Patricks Day from Alta Vista :-) Everyone have a fun and safe holiday!
If you pardon the indulgence, we'd like to dedicate a HUGE #FF to as he takes on a cross country bike ride today.
Home early from work.. that's love
thanks for the suggestion. I did most of the work in the yard tho. ;-)
agreed, but wins the 'showing republican aversion to facts' award.
Ha, yes, yes we are all related. If ever in Milwaukee stop in and say hi and I will do the same!
What a pick by Sterling Moore..
Just learned that a young dude at my old High School was diagnosed with and is now fighting leukemia. RT with a prayer please
Is there water on Mars? YES- in the form of ice at the poles and in the soil
"BITCH I DONT KNOW YOUR LIFE!"
Nothing like sweating my ass off during my final in Lambert.
After church hopping in Da whip Blasting #116 from #TheGoodLife produced by my homie !
Today made me really sad. I hope tomorrow is better.
ahahahaaaa and that wouldn't even be funny lol
Archives, prison libraries, children's literature, info policy, government docs, activism in retirement...glimpse of the topics
May the 4th be with you!
economy loses 6200 JOBS, #StandWithJohnDOE :O
WE ND A LOT OF THEM
I had to cook, it's been several days since I've been able to chew real food. Sigh.
my mom and I are making a video to call me maybe out back , nobody will ever see it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
And the spurs keep it going.
cant wait man <3
and I were wondering if we can go over 3 pages for our print layout? Thats a bit limited for two people.
Did you know that the performing arts in Milwaukee grew 10% between 2002-2009? Your gifts make it all possible! Thanks for giving to UPAF
I like that all the people suspicious of Barack Obama's weird name are having to choose between Mitt and Newt. TP via
UGH!! do I need to shoot Myself for you to notice me?! <|333
Carpe per diem - seize the check. Robin Williams
111777- you so pretty girl :)
WOWWW!!!happy early birthday!!:-))
#NP French Montana - Shot Caller remix <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
If there is one thing that gets in the way of what my heart wants, its my head.
#April showers bring may flowers and what do Mayflowers bring? Pilgrims!
Everyone looks at my like I'm crazy in this salon.. My just tryna to get my feet scraped lmao
good luck tonight at your event. I'm sure all your hardwork will pay off! Xo
I miss my dad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
no no it wasn't my socks lol it was an OH (over heard) ;)
Don't worry, its nothing that the harsh realities of life after high school can't drain from your soul.
Oh my god, I had a vague idea of wanting something *like* that this week. Let me know how it goes.
what's that?
Wikipedia says September 2012.
Just pickin' on ya :) You make it up to see Jim; then hit me up for a visit on the way back home cc:
“: here ;)” Awww you knew I was talking about you ;)
you’re welcome Jay!
If youre that person that wants to hang and you live far. Its not gunna happen!
Stauffer points out that nineteenth century physical collections in particular peril bc out of copyright and not yet rare enough.
no doubt ;)
I think the St. Louis Cardinals are the Play ! The Easy money Sunday !
yee. just deactivated my facebook and it feels pretty good :)
Oh. My. God. Phillip Phillips...period.
haha I agree! I gotta have music. - wes
#showtime has #californication, #shameless, #homeland, #houseoflies. Whats #hbo have? Im gonna cancel them.
RT - Cleveland Indians DH Travis Hafner is doubtful Wednesday against Arizona
We are just one pendant light away from having our top floor finished! Still no heat, functioning sink or kitchen, but it's progress...
Will ask #BFC2012 organizers about live-streaming for
Okay random guy in the bathroom, stop talking to me about Mark Zuckerberg while I'm peeing at the urinal. Please. Now.
Get Free (feat. Amber Coffman) - by Major Lazer
“Success means having the Courage, the Determination, and The Will to become the Person you Believe you were Meant to be.”
Show me how to love .
YEAH RIGHT you wish.
is journeying to Boro Park, Brooklyn, the motherland, to dig even deeper.
It's times like this where i really wish i had my boyfriend lying next to me.
facebook buys drop.io. huh? reminds me of ebay buying skype.
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :))
Just had a celebrity sighting at lunch. Dude walked by and said to - "excuse me, are you on ?"
How people now have stories that could be titled "How I Lost my Sombrero"?
sold effort
has tweets that i could retweet for hours, i feel like it would get obnoxious
Fate is just a game we play..
Can you look at the email I just sent?
yes even more bomb with this heat lol
What's RvD doing this Saturday? Swing by 3036 N. Lincoln Ave. No. 2 at 7pm and find out.
Important yes, but we make no $ on the site nor does it support something we do make $ on, yet. Need to balance.
My mother never listens to me.
It's official. I am no longer a resident of Indianapolis. I'm a #Michigander now!
But "stop teaching to the test" hits a home run.
Hunkered down writing another play test plan; this is starting to get old.
We Scythians loathe rainbows.
Well...I'm beat. Great night! Hittin' the hay finally! Gotta be up for work in 5 hours.... -_- got my coffee and energy drinks on hand!
OH MY BURNHAM MUSICMAMAB UR LUCKY HES FOLLOWING YOU! HE IS NOT ME!MAYBE I WILL GET THE SAME LUCK SOON!
#DCtech parting (reluctantly) with tonight at for her career at ! and #DCevents won't be the same.
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. Scattered showers with isolated thunderstorms early this evening. Lows in the mid 60s....
DC Mayor Vincent Gray arrested in protest against new budget plan
YRS AGO BIG HAIL STORM; jOHNSON cO SHERIFF CALLED ME 6 X's TIMES A DAY/MORE "WHERE R U WHERE R U WE NEED U now" LIKE THEY WERE SPECIAL
Ended up in the front row with at the dave douglas show!
so u are going to fold up All those Preds jerseys and put them away for another year?
I'm working on the titles and credits for Life Tracker. So many people with so much work...
All those freaky girls all around the world
F.M.G. & N.A.B ABOUT TO TAKE OVER
A lot of pretty ladies work here. RT : Man. Roses are pouring into today like WHOA
thanks for the follow on Twitter! Hope all is going well:)
That's amazing! and perfect timing
HAPPY BIRTHDAY UNCLE
Jay Z & Kanye concert was so sick! Best hip-hop concert I've ever been to.
Lmfao, by the way my friend wants your chocolate ass.
Big ol' laundry night with a lonely hearts frozen entree heating up!
answering questions from the audience in his "What is Citizenship For" talk w
I am the Boss...King of Diamonds that's me! Lol
Oh no, now I'll be singing that in my head all night haha. Yay for the TD!
Nice af [: makes me want to go swimming! #summertime <3
we noticed that you aren't a subscriber to speakaboos. please follow us so we DM a special coupon for SpeakaboosPlus access!
where you gon be at 2day?
18th time in my life, not the 18th time today! :-)
I love just dance so freaking much its not even funny,woo!
Join us for Jabberwocky: How Food Defines Us, Tuesday, July 12th. For more information, www.storytellingarts.org
I'm Just inviting everyone to my house tomorrow
Audio Revilval is now finishing the Romp. They are 4/5 members of last years winner, L-SKI
haha no jake it was in a parenting magazine
As promised, Feds cut funding to Texas wom's health program for failing to allow women to use Planned Parenthood.
I, am a butt face
So glad that joined Twitter! I swear, you can't be a future journalist if you don't use it!
You more of a bitch than a bitch
This tornado stuff is really scary...and I live in a place were there shouldn't be tornados..ugh.
nope I refuse to make myself feel down!
Ha! I've made that mistake before :)
recovering from a great ESPA Detention with ! Thanks Tessa & Barbara Harrison!
With Texas Tommy Butler at Dirty Franks.
i do like it but ughh and im actually not haha
One too many Ciroc cocktails for Diddy
Ok I am going to do the number game!!! (Friend or Date and rate)
Google ice cream sandwich software will be out at end of year. Yum.
We've had thunder, lately. Makes me wonder why kids are on the field.
Okay, no-one bit! His name is Dan Whitney!! Larry the Cable guy is from Nebraska. So, I'm a manager calling his manager ...
We said "done everything in their power to ensure their success at the ballot box." And you dispute that?
Now watching the #GossipGirl finale let's see.....
On the face of it, yes. But "Jersey pride" is far more common, and therefore more irritating, than Baltimore pride.
#YouCuteAndAllBut you still aren't ... sorry...
Heyy cutie ;) what you doing
#WSOPLIVE Where are the microphones?? I want to hear a Phil blow-up!
Now, John Hughes, too? It's been a crazy couple of months.
Lee, Paul, or DeMint RT : Who is the Senator who is doing the most for the United States currently? Nominations open
I'm in a weird mood right now.
Tune into The Signal Friday 7p and Sat. 1p to hear a delightful Stoop story about nudity--intended and unintended--from My Big Idea show!
Paul George I love you
Braves and Hawks both win. Solid night.
Happy Thursday!! Make it a great day...not feeling well today, I know today will be amazing anyway!! Be
Tonight is going to be fantastic.
Tv is weird
Q4. Oddest thing you've ever seen at an airport/train station/bus stop
There's a NoVA Corgi meetup I want to take Kirby to this Sunday, BUT it's in Leesburg. Damn that's far
dude no kidding. Way too many. Lots of Ducks and Beaver fans in the SE too. I would have thought more UW and WSU fans
Fallin asleep to where ill drift off to my future..
If you treat someone like a celebrity dont be surprised if they treat you like a fan.
absolutely ladies! :)
hate it!!! I should go to mami crib!!
Anybody want to know what real grass looks like? I'll take a picture of my dads front lawn tomorrow
There is a lot more juice in grapefruit than meets the eye.
give Matt his old number
Thanks Diana! Bob is a sharp individual himself!
Coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee, coffee coffee, coffee, coffee,
" HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE BE SAFE TONIGHT! "
#CIL11 speaker noted research libs can get DRM-free ebooks for their campuses - examples anyone? Can't be common for works in copyright
Ms play with no pelotas y huevos
book worms break the law too
nuthn but gin in my trippy cup
Check out Afrika Bambaataa, Kenny Dope, Todd Terry,, , Slick Rick & more @ Le Poisson Rouge NYC! 10pm
bad girls do it well
Great article
I'd like to be everything you want...
For the love of god will everyone just vote for Rodgers being on the madden cover... i don't want my boo getting hurt
The awkward moment when you type for a long time and look up... And see that you weren't typing at all...
We're kindred spirits ... : This made me laugh too!
#SignsAPersonCantCook six days a week they go to a restaurant and order fast food!
you have yet to text me
Finished 's Wonderstruck. Loved it.
4got I don't have ur number in this new phone loll..
Christian Bale <3
Collaboration vital to produce of multimedia exhibits. Making sure everyone knows what everyone has to do -Bluecadet Interactive
Deck the halls with boughs of holly...
Wrapping up a great couple days at the NITLE Summit. Learned a lot, and feeling a bit star struck by all the famous DH'ers.
Can we just chill, listen to music, and just talk? Or is that too much to ask for
Hahahaha no problem;D RT : My wallpaper on my phone >>>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><U+2764> thanks !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
There is that sports store in Fashion Valley, way down on the end, across from Old Navy I think.
back at ya! hope to run into you around town...
FRI&SAT: Annual French Market - strolling mimes, French cuisine, up to 75% off over 35 shop & cafe 10AM-5PM...
McAllen High on the board, 29 yd TD pass from Justin Salinas to Ben Griffith. Extra point no good, Alexander 27-6, 3:34 left in the half.
The LMS's mother when it brought home pasta glue to construction paper. Well! That is a lovely.... ahh kitty?
#shortversion Romney: If you have to ask if you have enough money to retire, you can't afford it. Cue weird laugh.
It's your world -use it to your advantage.RT : If you had to give a speech to 200 HS students about SM - what would you say?
Legit Online Jobs
I wishh i had a mac so i could work on design stuff at home #willieverfinishthiscoffeelabel?!
Excellent, thank you!
Outdoor education on the Long Trail
What a beautiful day to wrap up a year-long+ project! May the dev gods smile on the ascedians today
Faith makes all things possible... love makes all things easy.. What have u done for others?
what's up Fam. How's life? I see you over there working! And have you seen my new video yet?
haha, your brother??
they're already louder...
Wait what's going on?
I love you. Hella funny!
Thanks to Red White and Blues, Confusion, Sextones and Jus J for rocking the Beer Co stage last night and packing the house!! <3 <3
#ThingsBlackFolksArgueAbout goin half on something but not doin the right math
Thanks for hosting me for #DellCAP, it was a great experience! Many thanks to
“: #ImTheTypeOfBoyfriend who doesn't have a girlfriend”
I used to be able to stay up late. Now all I want to do is sleep.
The experience of God, or in any case the possibility of experiencing God, is innate
I love the way you lie<\3
prom night which shows that nothing they do is ever enough. Just be careful and have a good prom! :)
Settling down in Lakewood, WA tonight at another fantastic couchsurfing.org host's house. Tomorrow - walking to Dupont, WA. Prob. slp in wds
We hope everyone's enjoying a relaxing weekend .... have a happy holiday tomorrow and don't forget, we're open for #EasterBrunch! Call soon!
yes please! #boyband #beyonce “ heard you were looking 4 a new boyband.Check out an unsigned multicultural group from CA"
I wonder if the hallways are dead ?
TGIF!! Going to be a good weekend! Going out with for his pre wedding celebration!
you and your sister bonded today so cool :)
the proper spelling depends on your scatological worldview.
Asked the nice server if he knew if AZ was in our time zone. He said he thought it was 1/2 hr ahead.
Cami is really pretty. Was never interested in fashion dolls till I got my first Cami.
With the opening of The Smith Center, dinner is getting really busy. Make sure you make a reservation before coming in. 702.270.4400.
Chat directly with Kwalee game developers | Action Figures
nap time = writing time :)
I love rihanna's new songs.
OMG! New recipe for the Pina Colada cake truffles.... AMAZING! Def my new Fav!
Sometimes it's hard to tell who's higher, Wil Wheaton or his cat.
Bonjour! We will get to Texarkana as soon as we can! What's your favorite item to enjoy?
Holy moly....what a week! Feeling so thankful and blessed on this beautiful Sunday. Wishing you all a fabulous week!
I should know by now that 45th is a really poor way to try to traverse this city.
Wow......so angry at my biology teacher
Anyone a good decision maker?
#CabinintheWoods is my favorite movie of 2012.
I Think Its a^x=y But Idk .-. GOOGLE IT!
Why didn't you drink out of Lenos mug tonight?!
Green jacket party last night. Great event!
"Defeat is not the worst of failures. Not to have tried is the true failure."
I've heard conflicting accounts. Do you know if a city law restricts sleeping in public space, sans structure, bag or furniture
I hope my 2nd block teacher ain't here:)
U gotta stop snorting that stuff in such quantities! Nice Pic, we'll send U similar pic from Portland OR, on our balcony w rain!
Oh. I'm scared! B***h please
Your hotness might blind him. Remember although brainy and g33k girl you are a grade A piece of ass boo.
not in NM. That pic is not from NM. But our mountains get snow. When I lived in MA we often had a white christmas.
time for a free throw shooting contest to decide it.
Almost gym time!:-D
I am in Delaware county. I have availability on Sat and Sun afternoons. Does this work for you?
thanks for the retweets, would love to hear your thoughts if you end up seeing it
5 kids in all. Too much candy left.
Amazing MEMORY FOAM PRODUCTS!
Do u have a "coexist" t-shirt or bumper sticker? Okay, I don't ever want to be your friend.
RT - I don't want to say Chicago's north suburbs have taken over BC, but I think Ferris Bueller & Cameron just walked by.
I am a fantastic college paper writer. Degree in English and Business. “: I wish I could pay someone to write my papers for me!!!!!
This dentist better hope I don't hear my baby crying up here cuz you know daddy busting up in that bitch to save my sunshine
Jealous. I hope it was goober pie? RT Middle-of-the-night dessert?
Welcome home…for now! See you soon :)
Lol, well it looks nothing like a tree thou. It's more like unicorn vomit and rainbow pee...
it's graduation. you need a new dress
once again temple run is keeping me up
On 9/11-LeRoy Wilton Homer, Jr. was the First Officer of United Airlines Flight 93 – InSpotter app
just looked at her, I agree totally but still don't know who she is
most of their stuff is kick-ass, really.
Anyone else find it funny the court Marquette is playing on is called the 'KFC YUM! CENTER'?
Love Love Love Love Love My Saints!!!!
just did!
drowning cuz its
follow me? :) #Believe 4
11:11 is on repeat all day everyday!:)
A cloud
thanks very much
I think I may say something when I go pick him up.
RT : Got dam that was a nailbiter!!! #invicta I was screaming for a single leg takedown. This is so much fun!
what i dont understand is how shes not dead..or at least sick looking
Poetry prompt posted? Check. Website published? Check. Other things I should be doing instead of being at Twitter? Thinking about it.
No - That's a new one! Woody from "Toy Story," the guy from "Blues Clues." That's about as cool as I get though.
Charging your phone for 5 minutes before you leave because you think it's going to make a difference.
Anyone would be lucky to have you.
Join the SD Public Library 820 E Street 4/16 at 6:30 pm for a free showing of Hell and Back Again!
the bus has the best convos
Wow, let me go reread..... I didn't see anything THAT controversial (btw, the increase is pretty kick ass)
Hi there neighbor! I'm in Lisle too & just saw your piece in the Patch! Send me your contact info ... I'm a cake pop-aholic!
Thanks gorgeous!!! xoxo
Daughters by John Mayer
no but I want to! I can't tho...my parents won't let me and my sister is a scaredy cat haha
Red & green chili christmas miracle. Blue Corn Cafe in Santa Fe.
Forget predicting the brackets...how about predicting how many years before Kentucky has to vacate this yr's tourney games....5?
We do, but it involves me treating you horribly.
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together.
Aww we miss too. We had to go on hiatus but you never know. Maybe it will come back someday.
He is right, for people like him that never gives charity makes no difference.
I pray its somewhere here at my house.
It requires a very unusual mind to undertake the analysis of the obvious.—Alfred North Whitehead
so prepared for the up coming mix tape ! do yo thang ! got my love & support ! :D I LOVE YOU imao
Well goodnight Chachi but uhm when can we order sweats online..?
Hey A. John!! Hope you & the fam are all well - what are you up to?
Today is National Siblings Day! Honors to my four younger brothers: David, Rodney, Andy and John.
dude you just gotta be good at it..
...as in I wish you wouldn't live.
So if my height is slightly below average, do I qualify for a Napoleon complex? Or am I still just an asshole?
and you're bunting the baseball why?
I agree, so hot! Be careful saying it around rihanna fans tho or you risk getting jumped
Mike, why Int'l Studies and what do you like about it?
boy please...... You would not! You know its true
I like how they play Nuthin but a G thang when Alonzo Gee scores for the Cavs. Let's go Bucks!
Heyy u r my best friend. And I love to go to dance with u<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF> call me when u get this<f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00B2>
What it do this morning son! As we say on the East Cst!!! :-)
": Chris cant sing fa shit lol"
I'll see if I can make it next year
not a good exercise if your married. Lol
We would love to feed some firefighters today. Anyone have an idea as to the best way to go about that?
And then I wonder Why I dislike the South so much. These confederate states continue their bigotry.
Show tonight!, Mi Tyme is performing tonight alongside Chicago Legends "3Piece" & more artists Live! Sponsored by H3 Entertainment !
Civ V get!
RT Hold fast to your dreams, for without them life is a broken winged bird that cannot fly. -L. Hughes
lol u good....what all u doin today...
Sorry I missed your Tweet. Using a search firms could be a good start. Also, be honest in cover letters and interviews
Sometimes you just gotta love life the way it is, no matter what.
Today I am #thankfulfor Wii and Video on Demand. #sickkid again.
atl!!! come party vip with me this sat for my bday!! send me ur name to get on my vip bday party bash list!!
linked and has two spots on there!
Daily GTKY question: What weird thing have you always you wanted to do or buy?
I do not fear you, leftover sushi.
booger where u been
The organic sparkling cider is suprisingly tasteless.
one Man`s trash is another Man`s treasure #=]
I WANT A POMSKY!
Congratulations Carol!!! Keep it up.
Listening to destinys child. Cater 2 you! Favorite song<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
This I NEED ALL MINE video might get shot sooner than later.lol
We found a bunny!!
Congrats April! =)
Great "talk".
I hate my sister.
man i miss being on twitter havent been on in a while well im bac i hope every one had a good thanksgiving
what a perfect day to shoot. The weather was on your side that day.
to nice for school <U+2600>
Umm think it's time to write some poetry. Gay.
it is an elective credit.
No seriously turn that shit off, catch it on dvd or whereever, you want to hit them where it hurts DO IT.
It is our pleasure!
yeah :P
I MUST participate in a flash mob. I'm adding this to my bucket list
I definitely didn't buy Jelly Bellys when I was there.
Happy birthday! <3
With my screenwriting projects, I've had little time for blogging so I'm opening my blog to guest bloggers.
Welp, your semester has been made.
haha I'm intrigued. Which one are you talking about. :)
These 9 weeks better FLY by...
": but now i upgraded to family guy , and phineaus &ferb"i promise i stay on them shows lol shame
The only thing I don't like about having friends is the drama that each of them comes with. Its like a 2 for 1 deal :/
let me get dat up out cha...
Some people need to learn and instill the concept of #QuitCryin. The world would be a much better place.
I think we _were_ :)
I support anyone who support's bad Republican candidates.
People Who Act Like The World Revolves Around Them ; Snap Back To Reality Because It Doesn't .
$$mayweather looking damn good!!
#SMBmad FYI for the next event, this is the correct hashtag
thank you so much for joining us! :-)
that's what my mom thinks...I'm still undecided..my favorite left
Milwaukee Alarm would love to save you money on your security system(s) for the new restaurant CLUTCH. Call (414) 271-8800
The average person laughs 13 times a day.
listening to mark thompson on xm radio. tight!
Boyz-N-the Hood
U be trippen.
q: What do the BCS, ESPN and the SEC have in common? a: everything
They say real girls ain't ever perfect, & perfect girls aint ever real.
#BGC9 is going to be boring!
Wait.....what?! Alabama's BCS trophy shattered??.....
My Secret: Whenever I'm home alone I like to listen to Scott1 thru 4 and Night Flights... I enjoy the beauty buried beneath melancholia...
would you mind if I re-posted your live tweeting on the swopla blog this afternoon for people who missed it / don't twitter?
She's adorable
Never let go of delena is My 1 true love to day <3 i love delena 4-ever
Teo Chee Huen~ I am who I am You are who you are So be who you are not what you are.
you know that's the truth... LA won't win another title!
We interrupt your normal family life for..BASEBALL SEASON....Go White Sox
Shit Happens. What Can We Do? Lol
Marketing has changed from media driven to niche driven. Deciding who your niche is and how best to market them provides the best returns.
So I assume the fielders died in the process?
DM me your address!
Going to have a great valentines day <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Hey girl. Drink some more water.
Oh man am I pooped..
:-D where??? I can't even wait for this!!!
Alas, nobody ever convinced them to switch to CD-RWs, continuing their original purpose of providing free backup media
Did you bust out laughing?! I love that kid.
Getting complimented on my airbands dance moves in class.
hell yes!
Hahaha good to know I yell politely :) Would love one, although I'm still determined to take my own someday...
State Capitol Trip tomorrow, y'all. This is gonna be good.
My mom wantsto know where we should a gohst pics, we are going to tour the Missouri State Pennitentiary very soon.
filling up the bow with rosin and bending the heck out of a saw
LOL! You're totally right... once I break my mindset of being accountable to those darn things! Screw it, let's go play!
#bachelorlife Good call on the coffee. I'm gonna grab some tea from the new Keurig
products are on display on the set of Stay tuned!
is not slick.
I think my Texans will have to have either a 3rd or 4th pick in the 2014 to get Sammy Wadkins.eh?
I agree!
"Our image is all about freedom. Getting high. Having a good time. It's like a big party." -Rick James, San Bernardino Sun (July, 1981)
#MarchMadenss resumes today! Who are your picks? We're stirring up the pot & saying #Louisville, #OhioState, #Florida & #Syracuse ;-)
today is going to be a great day its so nice outside =D
Let's go #Blues!!!!! #NHL I think this may be our year!
nonsense. I appreciate the '50s-style 3D glasses too.
Dont forget Brewtopia on July 28th. Celebrating American (Lagers) and Belgian (Ales) Independence days!Taking reservations now...594-9800
": I. want. to. do. something. exciting. this. WEEKEND." I. do. too!
has really weird dreams when Im sick
Just popped a lemon head in my mouth. I'm having a childhood flashback. I just need a pack of now and laters.
That's what makes you beautiful! :)
Thank u jesus for music!!! What I'd do with out it I don't know! #music islife!
Seriously? You are going to streak all of Bloomsday? Send me your start group...I have to shoot Mens Elite for magazine, but have time....
Meek mill moment 4 life freestyle
you think these old dogs will give the young pups a run? just splashed that last second leaner
At the movies, kinda tired. Can't wait to get home and get back on the computer. :)
I hope I get to see you today!
very cool!!
- I'm just returning as a fan. It's because of the Rays, so have a great year.
Same here
Finally up up and moving. Shower! Then I need to wash my Car today before I do anything else
S/o to the Director's who use those instagram color filters on there video's.
excellent, because I'm a very serious person. Seriously. :)
So sick of shit.
- Think the boys upstairs will try an acquire an everyday SS before the break?
All you Laker fans, your team BARELY beat the Nuggets. And y'all will still lose to OKC.
What would you do if a random follower came up to you and kissed you?
Another boring training...
#Poker #Quote of the day: Forget about a chip and a chair; give me a hand and I’ll stand. -- Warren Karp
#backproblems & need to get bk 2 work quickly? minimally invasive #spine sx will significantly decrease recovery time vs trad. open back sx
I am working on a new project and want to talk to people in LA who changed their life in a big way @ 47 yrs or older. Just me.
Escape to WSWB on your lunch break! Have a glass of Tropical White Sangria and picture yourself on a white sandy beach.
Interesting--Roediger, also at Wash U, has found students later thinking plausible foils were right. Wonder how this fits.
thanks so much man, means a lot!
“: That Nickleback concert was fantastic!”
I don't mean to stir up trouble, but I don't like him. I'm talking to someone else ...
Finally going home. Hope my boo sleeps over <3
He dictated New Orleans trade him, then announced wouldn't sign an extension. Only teams he wanted to go to would trade 4 him
Woo Hoo!!! #iaintlyin I love Mondays that start off like this one!!!
Yay there is an NFL season!
From a Luhmannian perspective the success of OOP arises not from agreement but because it generates dispute allowing communicative...
"Do you think we'll get there by midnight?" "Baby, we're gonna be up five hundy by midnight!"
Finishing the tour tomorrow. Back to NY!
Life plan involves eating really really chocolately things, like, all the time.
We do it to ourselves, we do (& that's what really hurts)
LETS GO PENS! Stop fucking around!!
RT Hall of Famer Dolph Schayes in the house today too. Remains all-time best Dolph. Sorry, Lundgren.
Mahasarakham University student Cambodian, thailand.mp4.
Wahoo! Where did you happen to catch our ridiculousness?
yea man. Trying to keep workin on my crafts! When eye have people to do it for me eyell know when they f# up lol
. Oh that sentence. The pinnacle. It makes me remember what a writer can do.
House Minority Leader Thissen says there are 34 DFL votes committed to vote for Vikings stadium. Asks Speaker Zellers to deliver match
Damn you new Tweet Deck for changing all the good things I liked about old Tweet Deck. And really, why show Profile names instead of @ names
may I ask, what's your name? Plus if you want coffee I'll have my peeps deliver it to your peeps for you! Lol
Sometimes we are so afraid of love that we marry fear. When love comes we can't divorce fear so we're stuck...don't miss out on love...
#143 you are pretty. i love your twitter a lot.
wow! i wish you all could hear this...
Tackling #trivia again tonight. This time it's a music theme. Any pointers?
looking forward to it.. :P
Wtf is so fun about hurting other innocent breathing creatures for your amusement why can't I cut you fucking fingers off damn assholes!
I cannot live without books.
Yes, Nguyensanity, and is that a bad thing?
The last thing I am worried about today is my mothers bitching :-)
Details not released, but Republican supercommittee tax proposal floated yesterday said to limit or eliminate charitable deduction.
Nitro wins 22-5 :) I on.the other hand didn't do too hot
Nice! MT : We make welcome packs. Office supplies, calendar of community events, recommended doctors, etc #sachat Q1
Happy Fat Tuesday!
Every Terran in silver just masses marines and they'll always be in silver because of it.
Better late than never but never late is better.
RT : We'll be giving away a pair of tickets to the final concert of the Brevard Symphony Orchestra's 2011/12 season......
Happy Birthday 'old man!!!! J/k.
Tonight is Jim Ripp at 5pm taking all your requests, ANTHONY & Leslie Cao at 9pm...who wants a Wicked Tini?!
Dianne Smith, commentator, is an abstract painter, sculptor and installation artist.
gazebo pants back on after mini-break for church. kickboxing gazebo pants!
that's a fast time, expect another PR here in San Diego. Looking forward to your visit.
I've said this about once a day since 1996ish but...I hate MTV. Lol. They should change the name to shitty tv.
Hello 10! SHOW. Checkout and We are now in Philadelphia!
This Friday at 5 meet outside Valhalla for the annual Sausagefest for free sausages and beer!
Oh Really My Nigga, Really? Tahahahaha
In the best place in the whole wide world #mybed sleeping todays troubles away to awake with new ones lol! #gn :-)
those are some great touchstone reminders. I need a presentation gnome who pops up and offers me points like these during prep.
I'm glad u stand up for whts right & bullying isn't somethin tht is. No one deserves to be bullied in ANY way. Ik the feeling
Happy Birthday !
So far we only have machines at Voodoo Donuts 2, Slabtown, Gypsy, and crush. We are always looking for new locations.
Damn ur gorgeous.
Thanks to for hosting the event. Plus side is I get to grub on some !
#HowToGetRejected Just say "Mike Hawk is small" lol ...
naw that was
It's easy to speak in generalisms, isn't it? RT : Haha. Good one. RT : BREAKING: Economy still sucks...
Listening to coworkers talk about documentaries is depressing.
So, we meet again, Mr. Hess- but this time the advantage is mine! ^_-
Did you know that Enron still exists and has mail servers? Ask me how I know.
I'd think depends on the crowd, going to Newport don't wear white before Memorial Day, going to Seattle they won't care
lmao short ass ustream but i love them (:
Thanks for the barrel aged Victory at Sea and the Fathom, damn fine!!!
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
Unless you try to do something beyond what you have already mastered, you will never grow. - Ronald E. Osborn
Fake tan looks perfectly normal if your mum screwed a wotsit!
#DTSP, #Tampa...What #Business In #StPete/#Tampa Do You Feel Has The Best #Marketing And/Or #Advertising Campaign?
How do you get rid of a stalker?
It's a beautiful day come play away! Las Vegas is heating up for the summer- check our special offers and enter to win a free trip!
My ExactTarget blog from 2010 ranked 7th for the year!
The Donald Judd exhibit in the White Box will open to the public Tuesday. Or get a sneak peek by attending the JuddConference.com on Sunday.
whose ur celebrity crush???;)
Happy National chocolate day! Let us help you celebrate with something simply sweet!
5 months ago I never thought I'd be here.
Aww! In the car with photojournalist while the Current radio station plays 3 love song set to his fiancé.
RT : For Italian in DC, don't forget to check out 's
Yeah I'm probably not normal. I stayed at my sister's for 2 weeks after I had surgery like 1.5 yrs ago and started watching.
Yeah exactly. It's not a game-changer issue I don't believe. Just seemed a strange time to come out with it ya know?
I'm not sure if I should be amazed or horrified that my phone knows to capitalize Gymboree.
RT : Ppl wearin shorts out here
My vote for the MBP. But then, I work from home a lot (and that's usually when I need the most computing power).
That's awesome. Nice work, man.
When I don't typically get mad and then I get mad 3x in the same day, I think it's time for vacation!
Wow! I can't believe you got to taste all that amazing-looking food and drink. What was your fave?
A lot of lovemaking can unblock a stuffy nose
I'm cool with God. A lot of his people scare the heck out of me.
thanks for joining us. Happy anniversary. Team roots
Since there's two of us... it's for sure #biwinning haha
i can do whatever i want. i made BBH
Sol simulation NNNNNOOO!!!!!¡¡¡
Because seriously $1000 to not be part of Lolla action? Also, will i be seeing you in august!?
If you could pimp one idea from today, what would it be?
CHRIS BROWN FOLLOW NICK MARA follow its his birthday soon so do it <3333333333333333333
please follow me c: i wuv you <U+2665>
I really so no point in studying at this point...
I could not agree more. Boring bus rides for sure!
watching ustream for launch getting excited!!!!!
Little League 101....wash your hands before you go to the bathroom, especially if you just applied icy hot somewhere!!!!!
They got to start somewhere. Let's go next time Jose fights! Have a gr8 weekend! :-)
#Three Words: Follow Me Back
Fantasy Championship, and down by 25. Other Team is done, and I have Rodgers and Finley playing tonight. Hoping for a Christmas Miracle
the dock station was 40 % off at and the other monitor was on sale on ;)
GO GIRL!! You've got this! SO close!! :)
At rehearsal for our holiday show at hope lodge's tree trimming party. I'm singing "Santa baby" ...of course!
Good Night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
Thanks so much for sharing that. BTW, we gave her a HIWI book when she was here.
It's our Grand Opening Special ! Go to www.cookingskillsacademy.com enter code: patsy2011 for 50% off any class #chicago, #foodies,
#jhudczoo Are there ever problems with visitors trying to steal the reptiles? (Not that I'd ever want one!)
Happy #FF to animal-loving friends!
Completely guttered :,(
Elegance is not the prerogative of those who have just escaped from adolescence, but those who have already taken possession of their future
RIM Outlines BlackBerry's Future, Previews BlackBerry 10 - The Mac Observer
I try to treat whoever I meet as an old friend with dignity, with honor. ~ Dalai Lama
The people I volunteer with want to set me up with James Franco because he is so educated and has a good hussle. I love librarians.
every time i touch that track it turns into gold
I like Gray as much as anyone, but he's just not ready to play QB without confidence and making the right read
your so lucky, and yeah it may even be better. She always changes it up too. :)
exactly. :) too bad they never pay attention to us, for real. I would so change that if I could. :)
I felt the pain trying to settle in my shoulders but I decided to #danceitoff I'll dance in a neck brace if I have to!
Hi!! :o) an' good morning!
The music is making me drunk...so intoxicating!
Working on the weekend #Soccer card,have released one #Soccer play for #Friday and a #multibet / #parlay that I love get on the list
Wassup Tha Lady-O-Great? Wats good, heard u was n Chicago n didn't fuck wit ya boi Psychotic K! All good son! LOL we say Joe
TLL Classic: This Cocker Spaniel Totally Looks Like Peg from “Lady ...
OMG everyone turn on LOST!!!!!!
Today--fav writing spot: in a canyon while Hubs fished the river ... by the water, I worked on novel plotting w/Nora Roberts ...
Cliffhanger - Merkel & Sarkozy meet Sunday to iron out whether EFSF funds (mostly German) can bail out French banks. Will he try seduction?
I have that one all the time. I won't graduate b/c I skipped gym for 6 mos. Also: can't remember locker combination.
the of course!
lol, oh you meant a bottle. xD I usually refer to any liquor as 'a bottle'. -feels ghetto-
Girl I know how much you really want somebody, want somebody that don't really need you.
Did #P90X #AbRipperX and the biceps and back workout. Week 10.
and that's something I can dig. That was my mindset during my MBA program
": Awww Martins! We miss you every day mister!" It's mutual!
Didn't get any buzz shopping today-husband happy tho!
How can I dress like a homeless person? I have a bunch of accessories, just have no really old clothes, hm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Word RT : After this week the only frosty thing I want to see in front of me is a very large beer.
Please follow me(: 1
I wish I could give everyone a pair of my headphones to listen to my new album on.
Dinner & the red carpet with
YEEEEE!!!! No more braces AND a manager!!! I am so proud of you Austin!!!<3333333
no beads. Promise.
I believe the people who laugh the most,are really the ones who are the most broken:|
Hello there (;
no you're not..
of course! And I'm sure! You said it well I had to share... Thank you! :)
my house is frezzinn.
ya I know righ!
Just got called in for an audition with a CD I did a workshop with last weekend. YES!
I have before :-)
Dear lady tweeps- venturing down a new road as a pure romance consultant. If ur interested in hosting a fun event & free stuff, call me!
Defense (clap clap), Defense (clap clap), Defense....
Thank you for the kind words!
Ronda its not real, its spam.
RT : Check out to see what is crushing on! , ,
Lmao I got juju to call josh grandpa
Happy Saturday! It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood
My timeline is mostly silent when in between classes lmao
Today's nickname is "No amount of coffee Monday."
I hate a pussy ass nigga!
just made brownies!!!
Omg I'm watching the movie for the 1,000 time and I'm gonna cry cause he's so little and cute I wanna meet him omg <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><U+2764>
Fu*k Your Slab!!! I Can't Stand Them 10 Cent Cars You Tryna Turn Into A Quarter...
Thank you :) i love them RT the snake pics are wild yo!
: students vying for the Miss Texas crown and making awesome business cards! Tcu has it all!
me and my cousin really wanted to go to the thing on UR BIRTHDAY ! but we cant so were gonna c u wen u come to chicago!(:
So, no playing with skulls last night. I'll get time eventually. All the ideas running in my head are driving me #crazy. Er... crazier ;-)
u always wanna be in the house..u didn't hmu
I was accepted to a conference and I immediately checked for a hashtag/twitter account. You've converted me to all things Twitter!
who do you like in ATL/NYG game???
Hey ! Just to let you know, the REALLY appreciates your recent usage of the
cant.. stay.. awake.
check us out on reverbnation
Put Chris Paul it's his Quarter
great finish yesterday for Dale Jr! 2nd in finish, 2nd in points. He's gonna give Hendricks that 200th win, I just know it!
where have you been?
13 consecutive NCAA tourney trips is quite exciting, thanks!
Oh wow. Did you get a new bus? THAT is not the big blue bus Carpinteria.
What if I kissed you right now...
its awesome
recovering from building the kiddos a playset this weekend lol! How life in CA treating ya?
“: Started giving Pledge Drive numbers in my sleep!! #HoustonWeHaveAProblem” || Hang in there, Ashton!!! Y'all are doing great!!
okay good <3
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind
I can't believe it! I just won a gallery wrap collection from my printer, MpixPro!!! I can't wait to show it off:) Thanks MpixPro!
Wow! Thank you so much! :) Peace and blessings to YOU.
This Pain thooo <<<<
Thanks for the critique :)
Sexy dunk
They just played a Preakness commercial with Wiz Kalifa's "Black and Yellow". Ravens fans will burn that stage down if he plays that
Sold my computer this week. :) thank goodness I still have my iPod touch.
On my way! To sixflags lol
Whoa I didn't notice that at first but yeah...
thanks for voting! love you guys. i believe i won:]
I really don't believe in anything too earth-shattering . . . I just believe in God.
drink lots of water, massage the muscle like it's your job, and for the love of all that's good, no heels!
hey bro
the shoot is a rap!
Recall it took Feds to kill Jim Crow. “ ..how can there be such opposition to #civilunions? #coleg”
Aww man I'm so jealous! Those cookies the other day were the bomb diggity.
Thx for the pic, ! That pizza looks delicious. Enjoy your $10 free driving. Any more weekend #ziptrip pics out there?
We look forward to seeing you! ": Love Dunkin Donuts. I'll be in Chicago on Friday-May stop by."
I was just gettin my hopes up I guess
so this is where you can now be found. Here and Rhode Island?
will you please follow me ? it would make me soo happy. me&myfriends love your videoss. you are amazing. follow&&retweet?
Thanks for the #FF I hope you've had a great weekend and start to the week!
Feels weird to be wearing sweats to church...
Great time in Orlando this weekend, had a meeting with the team, and great things are coming. Its back to the grind for now,
They are also doing Iron Man 3, Thor 2 and Captain America 2. A Black Widow/Hawkeye movie is rumored as well. Very exciting!
Will do:-)
Tired , got everything situated, relaxing till I knock out
Seriously, reporters ask such asinine "questions".
How many times this season have the #Royals been down 3+ runs before taking an at bat? If more than 4 gms that is ... depressing.
Just wrapped up a productive meeting with the Indiana School Boards Association.
: re. Los Campesinos pedalboard: did you make sure they had enough distortion? I know you have standards :)
who took u where at I wanna see
I really don't know what #Oomf is.. O.o what is that??
Tonight Tonight Hot Chelle Rae PLEASE!!!!!!
Meek Mill new mixtape is FIRE! Shout to
writing a stupid essey for social studies lmaoo hbuu??
shout out to for hosting #smccsc great venue!
Haha! Ok. Good point. :)
Happy Birthday Cody, many years of life, I wish you well, and that his career will continue pumping throughout the world <3 11
most welcome.
Right? Almost every time I read a Times article, I end up buried in Wikipedia.
Thanks, Smurfette! RT : I'm really excited to see that is on Twitter, not enough people know about these shoes.
Watching dear john.
he will (:
Watching Connecticut vs. Iowa State with Viggle Thu | 7:15PM | TNT Get real rewards just for watching TV.
ok - both of those were tour stock carryovers and in slimfit. 3 mo's?!? email us at help at goodrock dot com
thinking about going to the shop to get a gel manicure. but for $25 I might as well get a full set & just pay $30.
I think Antoni straddles that line of exploration and veneration while still addressing her own experiences.
Great meeting w/ the amazingly personable head nerd for the #livingsocial incubator - Sick, geeky ideas brewing!
Oh wow that is a really really cool idea!!
Playing 2k and "studying" with my boys
"my grandma holds her liquor better than him"
will read at Elmira College on Wednesday and at SUNY Geneseo on Thursday.
We feel very lucky to be working with Black Marker Design on our clients websites!
Fun visit to : Queen-Oa gluten free, White Pine IPA, Flight Delay 2xIPA, Cinders bourbon-aged IPA & Resolutions Coffee Stout
Did you know that we're OPEN Sundays?! Call/tweet us or just COME IN! 1738 Telegraph Ave #Uptown #Oakland 510-832-1100
Much like the Native Americans, "The Avengers" uses every part of the Ruffalo.
Found box of 5 Nikon N65's at a clearance sale for $20. Went to get cash and they were gone. WHO ELSE WOULD WANT THESE WHY DID YOU ROB ME.
I will not let anyone walk through my mind with their dirty feet.
You know what the midwest is? Young and restless
Amen to that. Still room on the bandwagon for me?
That moment when you walk into a spider web and suddenly turn into a karate master . (:
Ah yes, back when had hair. Excellent photo.
and in other news, I really need to be on twitter more often...
Home in WA... Small town life for a bit :)
sorry! just seeing this. I was gonna rock heels, but my eldest is being a monster, so not feeling milfy tonight. wear ur heels!!
Why #LakerNation loves Kobe? B/c he brings it-every time #golakers Sat.
HELLO Your music is great :E
How about your use of Elgg? Are you still using or did you abandon that? Wouldn't you consider that a school structure?
Does drinking while I'm with my daughter make me a bad mom? Just saying.... It be nerve recking sometimes
And thanks for giving ME joy doing it! You guys were incredible
Thank you... we may be up your way in about a month :)
This season of #dwts is so amazing, I'm actually voting, for the first time ever!!!!
Have you checked out Lil Art Bodega?? A great shop with art, and great gifts, and the owner will make your day! www.lilartbodega.com
ima send that tonight
Dave Lester giving a workshop on Omeka.
I saw the return of the nightoshpere but I couldn't see the end :C
RT "That font is ugly and it should be helvetica!" -
Amazon you are really amazing with your one click purchase feature directly to my iPad Kindle App!
I love how, even in our fast-paced technocracy, the correct answer to a library problem is still sometimes "masking tape and a Sharpie."
Sunny and 70 degrees in DC today! Spring is here!
Well the do have the easiest strength of schedule in the NFL so the better not complain.
Finally another race on saturday. Can't wait to get back in the seat!
naw not right now I'm not. How u and yo bf
Pulling out a pack of gum and everyone instantly becomes your best friend. Just happened and have away 7 pieces!!!!!! #gumless :'(
Cant. Get. Up. -_- chorus, and hittin the gym today! Gotta prepare for my audition coming up tomorrow and prom tomorrow! Ugh Wake Up!
No. I LOVE Cookie Monster.
Happy hour Monday - thursday $1 off all taps and $2 rails. 4pm-7pm.
"David Wood won a Pulitzer". FTFY.
Great chat this morning. You are up to some terrific things!!!
Hahahaha true! RT : haha. The axe...definitely the axe. At least the song will be over in 3 mins!
in touch with our music director Sam Gravelle
RT : Steve Jobs Resigns As CEO Of Apple- The Letter from Steve Himself: tcrn.ch/otZwmv
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
And babies don't sleep well either... Kills me when someone says that! Were you up every 2 hours, you mean?
#10FacebookTips delete it and get a twitter X 10
U good! That's a chick Magnet!!! Lol RT : idk if that's a good "lookout" or not lol
HAHA awesome thanks. PS Rickie Weeks is horrible right now. I have never seen anyone look so bad for so long
Laptop about to die and I still have 30 minutes left of class.
That's not good. Lol. Why she mad?
So jealous! Have fun. RT : 70 degrees and perfect in Napa!
U know because cows burp methane someone sed we.should eat kangaroos because they eat grass and burp harmless gasses they ar like cows but..
I love a dude that can drive !
RT : Vote for yr favourite service desk software supplier to win IT Service Supplier of the Year 2012...
Tried the blueberry bitz for the first time today. Very tasty. What other flavors ya got aside from blue and straw?
No because you won't be a senior. It'll be too late to experience it.
Back to my natural hair color! It's like a golden brown color!
Going into the final quarter, Rochester leads 12-6.
Love costume week at the studio!
MSNBC reports that the main prison collapsed. Prisoners on the run.
FYI, I paired my Zagg Logitech iPad 2 keyboard with the iPad 3 and it works fine.
The kids play room where I get my oil changed has a ball pit?!?! Shut up! quick come to Gaithersburg. Bring vodka!
yeah... or hey i need a copywriter fast.. not i need 10k of coding done as a favor
spread the word make #LiveLoveZendaya and #BeBoldBellaThorne trending topics we can do this Retweet it to help thats all you have to do =D
If u a pimp who ain't got no girls.......Follow me,n I'll follow u
I'm glad you find this funny....why not worry bout your team...
are you mad!?!?
You are less exciting, right now.
this trig homework is impossible.
... how do I explain that smile?... And how it turns my world around.
Who knows what QR codes are and what they are used for? www.zesmo.com
Yet, you are still competing with companies that have larger budgets and greater resources than you
Rob Pat and Kristen Stewart
imma need a moment cause moments last forever. <U+2665>
blah...blah...blah....im so bored .....idk wat to doo......i need to tlk to dat person...but wateva's....
All those still pushing forward through the Let downs, Bumps in the Road, & short comings..God hasn't forgot about Us.
CASEY RULES! Yes he does. He stood up for bullying. He was bullied! Casey we love you :)
Shouts to also. I believe this kid has a good attitude and tremendous talent.Same with
yea i got a crazy mouth piece in more ways then one<U+E405><U+E405>... I had a migraine
Cold nights are lame...
We may be running out of time in getting that party up and running.
Progress comes from caring more about what needs to be done than about who gets the credit.
Oh spring?
My solution? Unemployment. RT Dear work, I apologize for how tired I will be tomorrow. Sincerely, basketball fan.
awww send me a pic of your baby #chickens pretty please!
Jackson didn't play -- only freshman not to see time. NIU is very young, but somehow made a game of it w UWM.
Wonder why setValue:forKey: on UITextField is giving a memory address exception…
"I'm buying a shirt for my ex-girlfriend. She's a bitch and doesn't deserve it. I want to make her feel bad. What do you think?"
“: 's creation.... salt and vinegar chips dipped in hot sauce/ranch. #donthateit” 3 great things. Couldnt be bad
sup bro? How u been?
my phone did that my bad
ingentaconnect, sciencedirect and ISI will probably be enough to get you started
In Berlin @ The Club Office... Ready to kick off Startup Weekend Berlin 2012.. Who is going?
that hairstyle killing P-Pain “: Yall niggaz be killing me man lmao”
haha she was probably having her own concert in her car ;p
for for sharing the Magic Button. It has come in handy at least twice today.
Pretty neat that players have their own customed consumer items. #blindpigblazers cc
Caught Red State finally. The final line is easily the best ending to any of your films. It's a great film and a must watch.
is moving soon! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> I haven't met him yet!
Give boloco cardholders a free one for them to try it for themselves like u did with the Buffalo last year.
Wait what? Newt says the PRESIDENT threatened not to send out SS checks last Aug? Right, cause he was so against raising the debt ceiling.
no problems! Thanks for making the effort to clean it up! (lots don't) we try to make the space pleasant for others!
phone dont got no service<<<
It would really make me happy if followed me!(:
Constantly creating.
lmaoooo omg im starvin like marvin :p
God has our lessons right on time...
haha why not!
Thanks to all OKC Party Bus riders for a great weekend! Post your photos aboard the bus on our Facebook wall at www.facebook.com/okcpartybus
Welcome! We are excited to have you & are looking forward to reading your updates.
headed to the yo!
that man! Haha
hpwb about me by your place??
fuck them all! Bro...
they are all seeing the
#aaasmtg Nancy Baron shows hilarious clip of #Dr. Margaret Palmer on Colbert show.
Great! How have you been?
Q2 from Sasha Foo - Rank the following spending priorities -- roads, policy, youth programs and seniors
So jealous of everyone at stockhouse right now. I need my license.
U could do liquid lunch RT : Never made it out for lunch today. Anything fun happening tonite?
Angostura & cheesy goodness will be served at 4pm!
I know. It's so disgusting and sad!
Since Tiger's off the tour, practice mat ought to help me realize goal of becoming pro golfer!
are you here at staples??
Sometimes virtual meeting tools don't facilitate online learning, but some things can be done better online--discover those!
#ThingsIGetAlot "please fuck me in the ass" by so many people via the internet. I'm not sure if I'm that good at it. Let's see.
I love how for the #2FollowersThatShouldDate picture they put Larry Stylinson
Washington Tournament Get’s New Sponsor The yearly hard court Washington DC warm-up event to the US/Canada Masters swing has received a n
How are things going with the spineys?
Lowry will probably be made available if they're willing to take that avenue.
Doing an international post-doc is heavy on head AND heart. I'm heading off to regroup (w/glam ;-)....x
If you missed our reunion show, Check us out at our next show on December 20th at Jackrabbits! See you there!
#oomf is in their feelings.
hope your tux has expandable panels for "taco expansion"
yah.... It's basically a "what's new, what's good" list... the blurbs definitely could've been much better.
Dying my hurr!!
Don was GREAT today! Thanks for the work you do to train servant leaders!
Part of my toe came of, but it still looks weird.
We're dysfunctional!!
Hop off boy she's off limits today. I might not be at school but I still got my eyes open! Hahahaha.
it's some good mess on here girl! Lol
Do those writers play the same video game they've already won 3x or put together same jigsaw they've completed 3x. No. It's boring.
Put on Abbey Road for the kids this AM. The song they wanted on repeat? Not "octopus", not "here comes the sun", but "I want you"
I'm so much more than an option....check your memo next time!
#NVleg: just sent memo to the NVSOS, co registrar & media--wow, it's hard to find candidate info. Requires many clicks on many sites. o_0
received Democratic endorsement for santee city council
When I saw you I fell in love. And you smiled because you knew. Arrigo Boito
starters down the stretch.
sorry, on the road.
Yessir. You too, I hope. Nicely written. You in Darlington?
Tweeting from a leadership training with #CherylWalker organized by
lovely. Listening to a really talented teacher () talk about her classroom, she would fit right in at SLA.
Think Imma Stay Home
Your real life self looks not at all like Will Wheaton. Cartoons lie.
Interview this Friday! That's swizz!
i see nothing sometimes, nothing but rhymes...
It's has been a bad 2 weeks for knees.
Come in for Martini Monday lunch - $5 well martinis w/ an entree. Lottie's Lounge now open at high noon!
retweet if u every thought ............ (what wolud i do for a klondike bar )
Laissez les bons temps rouler! Listening to Dr. John, Prof. Longhair, James Booker, Preservation Hall, Harry Connick, etc.
Strict liability offenses require no culpable mental state. Examples include: traffic laws, narcotics laws, child pornography laws
Taj with the SLAM !
Be strong in the Lord and in the power of His might!
just listened and agree mayweather is a woman beating pussy
Yesterday CJSC Homeless Law ID Clinic was hopefully helpful to a number of clients, especially in further efforts to get State Dept FS 240
I wish was here. I need a gay best friend's opinion!
miss you too man, you'll be out this way soon, yeah?
Whenever I am singing at home and I sing a high note my dog runs to my room and looks at me like this ---> O.O!
looks chill the way it is now bro
THANK YOU!!! You rock!!! Finish off strong!
you dont know what i got
would love to know if there was any actual testing/demonstrated need for more chems in ftn, too, or just tacked on
hahahahaha, you know you secretly think hes sexy(;
Im out. See ya when I see ya
that looks freakin awesome.
Angry birds rule my life!!!!!!!!!
YOU ARE GORGEOUS.
I joined 47 US Reps to congratulate for naming Richard Cordray head & defended the pick in Oversight/GovtReform Cmte 2day
What are the chances I'll be able to wake up to see the Mizzou game if I take a nap now?
and to Washington DC for a concert and meet-n-greet! (: #AustinToDC 63
working my nigh. wats da word
My boys are definitely some characters, Where do they get all this ratchetness from?
Indeed! Not sure how to explain my reasoning ...
yeah true. i like twitter the best because i get to talk to you guys! (: #TeamShady <3
Hello Usher...
oh lord I will soon I am sure
thank you soo much :) does he follow you?
I say! Those tennis shorts fit you smashingly! Thx 4 the follow. Hope u dig the Skwirl. We need 2 find ruses guys! Best!
At The Box in Santa Cruz, DJ Tommy is the best!! L.A. DJs need to take some clues from this guy!
Freezing rain and high winds. Wish it was snow instead
Going to get another month membership at the gym 5 days a week for 4 weeks getting it in!!
Gray hair index falls suddenly after the only one is pulled and put on a stake in the bathroom as a warning to the others.
Technically, the #eagles listened to me...when I said, get anyone from that Bama defense (in the draft)
Damn weekend went by fast smh .... hate school and hate these teachers
"all politics is personal"?
Shoutout to ya and a high thanks for listing us!
Feeling all kinds of lovely right about now..
I love these kids! They make the world go round! Aynnsley and Allie :) Love ya gals! HateLies<3Trust
But it's your short story about this place that's unforgettable.
hahaha I learn from the best. Missing you terrible ..send me another picture from the beach :)
When you love someone, you feel when they feel.
I don't see that. Your mileage may vary, but I've never seen Robinson quoted as claiming a double standard
wad up bro...
I have a problem... And I don't know what to do. :/ well I mean I do kinda but I'm not sure if that's still the solution. :c
People love to come around when they need something...Bitch, where was you when I needed something?!?!
The Browns hates its fans
Decided that I should go back through my book and change all "John Doe" references to "Craig T. Nelson", I think it will help sales.
A very special story, starring a very special child... yours... half off this week at Savvy Source: bit.ly/SavvyMarbleSpark
Its The Anchor Bar 2 year anniversary today!!! Come in and watch the games and enjoy live music and great drink specials all day..
Weekends 4 me is the only two days for you spend the day on the internet, watching TV all the time and only read magazines.
Waking up, getting ready to masturbate my mind.
Choo Choo Soul is a children's show that is apparently geared toward the demise of suicidal adults.
... Yes especially poignant given that it's an Amy Winehouse song. WUCF89.9 in Orlando loves Sachal V!
I sent you a message earlier fool.
The block of granite which was an obstacle in the path of the weak, becomes a stepping-stone in the path of the strong. --Thomas Carlyle
#VIRGO2K11 will be EPIC! CAN'T WAIT!
Thanks for the RT Dahling! What's for dinner (it's in the oven)?
Amazing how twitter activity slowed to zero as grant deadline approached.
It's hot no rain pasture's drying up feed bill going up everything's going up except my pay. Oh well...could be worse.
Bitches did you go out???
how are you?
Reminder: we will be CLOSED FRIDAY DINNER. We are OPEN Friday LUNCH and Saturday Dinner. Thank you everyone...Happy Easter!
Where have you gone Mike Timlin, a Red Sox nation turns its lonely eyes to you.
you should try Prolog or Caml. That shit will mess you up
Indie musician's in Texas trust us for GREAT prices & TOP O' THE LINE quality for their band's custom tees! Try us, you'll like us!
": I just crushed potato chips on top of a pepperoni and sausage pizza alone in bed watching Secretariat. Happy Valentine's day."
Hello SA! Tweeting from USA, SI Museum of African Art. Are any of you using Twitter in your classes? In what ways?
oh but red door needs a Dj at the new wkd brunch! I just heard about the dry gin bloody Mary's
oh ya tru cuz wen I was nah britt trying get thick she was like I'm not fat lmao
F you Doty!
Was sitting here thinking about what to wear to work; then realized...its the weekend Baby!
Best thing about a bad hamstring is I get to eat all the ice cream I want. I thought it was for tonsils, but whatever.
positive vibes EVERY week!!
If it is in reference to your head, it is a bad thing. Otherwise indifferent.
yes - i believe it's proper to bring something small. A card and a bottle of wine/champagne or something. Nothing major.
may start #blogging again. I actually miss it.
Lolz. I miss you baby!
goodnight lovers. i shall see you tomorrow. 2:01 is probably a good time to go to sleep.... i wake up at 6:35... shit... im screwed.
Go see "The Artist" and check out my student Adria Tennor Blotta. Another student working, I love it.
Almost to 300 followers. Does that mean I am almost to a different level of intelligence??? NOT!!!!
Interactive, engaging PD for your faculty by www.epigeum.com
thanks LH you have a nice bio yourself. You owe half your pay cause I called you the mitten and that's we're you began to ball :)
We think artists need their music to remain their biggest asset. Not Touring alone!
- - gettin #cray with my new buddy tonight! She doesn't know what she's in for lol.
Being single doesn't mean no one wants you, it just means that God is busy writing your love story.
lol i waa in the middle of a good conversation wen it got cut off
core data is good candidate for being a module in nimbus, theres lot of boilerplate code in it thats repeated
Of course. Can you imagine how unwieldy the nozzle plug combo would be? o_0 RT : was sarcasm. :)
You guys wanna do the kill confirmed clan op tomorrow at noon?
uh duh?
I love you you made my day
While the Big 5 is the most reliable personality test even it has a 25% measurement error "Nature Via Nurture" by Ridley (2003)
Um, does anybody watch #MyCrazyObsession on TLC? The husband and wife who collect #CabbagePatchDolls scare me! O_O
thank you!
what in the...
Thanks, man. I definitely wanted to make the switch from company to consultant with this one. Testing the mere exposure effect.
Jason Duffner has the most incredible tempo to his golf swing...don't even notice the transition from top to downswing
Thank you RT
why has it been years since you last tried?
can't access your blog...hope you are having a nice weekend!
If she hadn't been a librarian, Joanne Roukens would be a torch singer! The revelations don't stop!
Juicy - Notorious B.I.G
Hi I'm graduating in like 3hrssss
big hello from an adoring Milwaukee fan. Keep being you and loving Jah.
how does your program work? We are putting together our first book, r u guys the people we talk to about publishing?
Best horoscope ever! "Tonight, you're ready to cut loose. Don't be surprised if you're the one dancing on the tabletop!"
Not only would I'd be raking up frequent flyer miles but miles on the Acela too :)
great video
Not this Thursday, next. It might get loud...
HBD chris !! I hope the best wishes for you. I love you so much <3 feel my heartbeat. if you get drunk please take care babe!
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving." Einstein
All I ask is for honesty ...
Twitter and Facebook has a lot of people living in a box !
Nope. RT : Me either RT RT : honest question: how many people are aware the MLB season opened today?
Never change. <3
nope we didn't win!!! oh well!!! Good luck to who ever does :P
hell yeah girls
this sunday!?
If you hate your job treat it like a relationship... back away and give someone else the chance to love it
can i can say that i love for the fallen dreams so much omfg
Vegas? Cancun? Ibiza? Take your pick.
those ladies can't hold shit next to Dolly! Show so moving even her acapella songs! I cried twice.
#vPEARL6 used a virtual archeology project I am involved with as a jumping off point for recreating historical scenarios
Is getting a Bacon cheese and spinich omlet
is my hero
I wanna cm home 2 u an only U!!!
#sxsw music officially starts tonight! Always full of surprises and always memorable.
Got excellent news about our TA lines for next year. But learned that layoffs are now all-but-certain for some FT folks.
Oh I SO jinxed myself with that last tweet.
be mean" "IM LEAVING" *le puts nametag in bathroom slot. never comes back to clas becaus ei need to "chill my anger" works
we will be stuck inside! I want a super hard workout tomorrow. Challenge me!
Don't ask for follows, be original enough so they ask to follow
Happy Cinco de
Someone love me. Please?
I think my brain just exploded slightly
ISO Experience Event Coordinator in Eugune OR, Fresno CA, Spokane WA, and Reno NV. Please let me know if this is YOU!
how about Thursday 12/22 for lunch. I have some news!
Cheetah Girls, oml, I missed this movie!
Great meeting you and hanging out tonight at
All i can do is take a deep breathe & smh
I am taking care of so much business right now! Negotiations, big decisions, lots of excitement. Change is good!
thanks for the follow! The Gymanimals will b at the black history parade in Atlanta, 2/25
I understand that
So tmmrw fur my last day off,, howa is 10 bux for a all caneat pie fest over celebration.. I hear strawberr rubarbe, pb, dutch apple.
Nice. That one has been bugging me too.
Classic combo flavor Strawberry/Banana is twisting things up at the Porter Square Berryline! Come try it out (Oreo is kicking around too!)
this conversation is interesting (: LOL
timmy and tammy were caught canoodling behind the baseball diamond while listening to kc and jojo.
Winter FEETIES come out of hiding Leave yor stinky boots "Hello there you sweet Thang Ped.pal foot scrubby will welcome those new Flip Flops
Got a free netbook at the PayPal conference - that makes two this year with the one :)
Conan O'Brien is the type of guy who'd bid $400 on The Price is Right....Jay Leno is the type who'd bid $401.
We will be there 11-2 tomorrow. Sorry we missed you today!
what platforms besides fb and twitter are you using to promote sports coverage
I forwarded your email to the folks running FreePAC logistics. Haven't spoken to them of it since.
Hey... In case you don't recognize me, I have cute blond bangs now - Just so ya'all know
"The only way to get positive feelings about yourself is to take positive actions. Man does not live as he thinks, he thinks as he lives."
That has to be the most annoying interaction you can have. I just want to tell those people to stop fakin it and F%#$ off.
Oh! Beach day is breezy and cold
you are welcome! thank you too! :)
hey some of us still do things outa the kindness of our hearts! But the only kindness in my heart is Jesus!
Stepbrother's birthday dinner somehow turning into Rainey Street with no end in sight. So much for going to bed early tonight.
its a lot of money for answering some dumb questions on a 30 min game show. these guys worked hard for their billion.
Running late to school
good stuff! Though maybe really auto-tuned? I wonder what it sounds like live.
"You're never given anything in this world that you can't handle. Be strong and just keep moving forward."
CMU brass quintet performing in the Heinz Hall lobby before tonight's concert
you're good.
"i'm gonna keep you not connected"
night! have a good sleep(:
ok time to figure out Instagram
i know miss those days!now its like i get on when i can...how u been tho??
you smile i smile :)
Robert got wish, the old group is getting back together O.O
She was an amazing artist!! She is terribly missed!!
why are you holding up peaches> is that what we do now...we hold up peaces?
empty vm and call me. Smiles
Hahaha, we have come so far! NO TIMESHEETS!! ::gasp::
is an awesome guitar tech for #thecelebratedworkingman tonight.
oh ok how old r u? U might be a lil too young for those days
In journalism class, an investigative reporter told me that a story is never finished, and keep following up.
Hey, it's Jennifer Grey and her original nose!
Kerry Wood is a case of greatness robbed by injury. He truly WAS great in 1998, 2001, 2002, 2003, 2008 and 2010.
2012 #DECALDA is officially over! We're all excited to hear about the impacts you'll have in your states and provinces!
baby im not FROM memphis so dats y
Not much, you?
Total gas leak: 'Abandoning rig was hardest ever decision': THE manager of the stricken Elgin platform spoke for..
whew, picked up lunch and made it back in time for
I'm a glass-is-always-full kinda gal.
can we party this weekend ?
if you want we can scrape it off, either way we can keep walking.
Getting our men like "Whaaaaa?!" <U+E405>
thanks for the follow crista! check out our music if you havent yet :)
See. All it took was a nice letter to #Orioles. Great job, !!!!
Ugh Cleaning , •______•
A pleasure, and adore the mit (aka cat / kit) pic!
mandey need to call me...
Thanks so very much!
If Florida State goes to the Big 12 I wouldn't know what to say smh
"All men want real love, but we settle for easy pussy until that right woman comes along and saves us from ourselves" is the truth!
Jon Miller's play-by-play is a real joy to listen to while driving through despicable Kansas.
goin to the dragon boat fest at riverfront park soon. in a shitty-good mood.
« who tryna hoop , lol me & finna go outside & shoot around .»
If I say "bitch please, I'm a scientist" to my boss, how likely am I to get fired?
Whooooaaaa, down in Mexico. I never really been so I don't really know.
What's your high/low bowling score? Getting ready to walk into the lanes.
Some Behind the scene photos are posted on OfficialEmpire.Tumblr.com
OM Tom...hope all is okay!
Oh, & Me & Hanna are TANtastic...
section 203 row d and section 207 row n, my friend and i got seperated ! ~16days<3x~
This 108 degree weather is just too much. Man, oh man.
the evil gay elf is in the library !!
&still havent even started my homework..
sometimes mediation is merely a tool for starting a conversation-mediated a case last week-impasse-settled today. I call that a success!
I can be your IT department :)
Get home at 3 and the dog wakes u up at 9.
contact us.
“: My dad always curse me out about something then feels bad and apologize 5 mins later” he's a good dad
#truethat RT : Btw there is still a war on women.
Aggy right now!!! Y bother! It's like talking to a wall, a really stupid fucking wall!!
they all followed me awhile ago too but I just followed them...Matthai: 592 Sack: 4
No doubt. Miss you & Acentos crew! My classes at Columbia started up again-all day Saturday, but soon as I'm free I'll visit. xo
I'm Mexican and eat at Chipotle because sometimes I just want to order a burrito without having to sound like I just crossed the border.
Just under 24 hours until Bike The Drive!!!
what do I want? Do I really get to pick??? I think you already know the answer...
YOU may want to follow for the latest in holistic pet care!
Karma is only a bitch if you are.
very nice! thx for passing on - Blooms analysis chart for integrated learning activities bit.ly/oRrugY
Forks become hot after dipping them repeatedly in frying oil.
Lol at my friends tryin to see who can give themselves a hickey the fastest
Yeah I like you but I'm NOT giving up my guy friends for you they were here before you they'll be here when your gone !
SO to for showing some love!
do u know what is wrong with him?
“: Always prime. #SwagUp RT“: Puma store stunting”” I need to be ISVERA stunting soon though
Trocadero was amazing tonight thank you everyone
When a girl cries for a guy it means she really misses him but when a guy cries for a girl it means no one can love that girl more than him.
Raffi Torres just got his clock cleaned, several times... and he deserved it.
Bmore designer and developer friends: stop by WebSlam at U of B anytime tomorrow between 9 and 5 to give HS students advice and mentoring!
Today, I knew the answer to the Final Jeopardy question! Always a sign of a good day.
Spencer's Corner Mrpookie show 6861-c Green Oaks Rd. Fort Worth, TX 76116 It's at ridmar mall across from nieman Marcus and the rave theate
"A little place called Assn."
Thanks so much for caring about the well being of He is a great guy & we are all thankful for everyone's prayers!
So your gonna be all grown next time I see you? Haha
Just found out my Pop has skin cancer and he's in the hospital getting surgery, and my uncle is in the hospital, too, but idk why..
will be out Tuesday
Thanks for the follow Martin!
Summary Box: Handset arm sale lifts Ericsson in 1Q
hi - CPS is the Center for Public Service - white building at 81 New St. Plaza
already do. that's pretty much my life. we gotta make a pact to try to not fight anybody this weekend
Thanks, man. By the way, was shocked to see that your little boy's beard has been so slow to come in.
Are you an all-around fan?? Join us! http:/on.fb.me/zLJSGn
Oh shit.. It's 2:17am I have to go to bed,. Well good night everyone < 3
thanks - and what awesome pictures!!!
Probably one of the top 10 realist things to ever be said.
My brother is IN that movie! He was a bartender at the club back in the 80's.... Crazy indeed - Used to sneak me- I was 15
thank you baby ;)
Any scratch and dent chest freezers?
Hot tub party tonight!
Tune in! RT : Also, I'll be on WOSU at 11 this morning to talk about the end of #DADT and the path ahead.
''this is the best day ever!'' why? '' bcuz we're celebrating you, my mommy'' cutest kid ever!
"You can't love someone if you've been going out with them for a week" STFU. Who are YOU to say whether someone is in love or not?
RT: : guys who drive trucks with those ball sack thingamajiggers hanging off their back bumpers should not be allowed to vote.
Join us too!! RT I want in too lol...when I get back...
Remember, they're probably just being nice because they're guilty about talking shit behind your back.
Someone attack some donuts with me<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
It doesnt surprise me that my ex doesnt talk to me anymore, all i ask of him is to stop friggin staring at me, wtf?! You have a friggin gf!
they have those here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
When my mama and her siblings compare they kids <<<
Hope the Nuggets win
Two-thirds of all drowsy-driving crashes involve people under age 30
indeed it has! Good news too! :)
FEATURED ARTICLES : Distributed by
Psyched to actually get to Deruta, instead of just the Prada outlet, as we did on Monday. Though a pit stop there isn't out of the question.
watching pawn shop on history good show
like that will happen
I feel so sad that there is such a long line waiting to meet the Kardashians tonight.
U're invited to the party!There would be a WWE section where everyone would have2 dress like Archie Char's & then have at it
I am a bit surprised, but I've not yet seen a "good as it should be" e-course tool. Mind you, I don't look very hard.
Interview Time! Leh Go!
That. is. ridiculous.
So I finally realized that the person @ work that has been making my life a living hell is.a passive-aggressive personality...
hug the hurt, kiss the broken, befriend the lost, love the lonely.
With Jessica Simpson pregnant, her current figure makes her look like she was already an obese cow before conception.
Not a problem! Sorry i didn't follow you sooner! I'm really glad you liked our show though :]
124......damn you pituitary gland....
and I doubt All State will b asking them to do Good Hands commercials!
some people are so ridiculous
That is fantastic.
Giving up on social contact mgrs like Until they can learn from the crowd and auto-clean up a contact they're not useful.
#Classy RT : hey , i'll marry you for some fake titties. so will the new girls next door?
I think it's garbage.
“: I'm home.....time to relax and get ready for Thursdays at in DC” look forward to having you back
Working out of the studio today...always making improvements there...sometimes I feel like a carpenter.
That totally pissed me off.
While we're listening to the Hangin Tough Tour show, what are your memories from that tour?
Run for your lives people, has a new "voice"
i know its been a while!! definatly!! :)
yes! It's a gift, for sure, and its good to be grateful. I'd love to see ur next CA show, is it the Newport Beach one, June?
Capistrano Unified School District unanimously votes to fire 3 football coaches, including Eric Patton, amid allegations of bribery
a quick reminder to all of you at AdTech: advertising is serious business.
Yes its really early.. Good morning..
well when I get on I got you you can work with me...
21 and sunny in Chicago
Thanks for the add
Was surprised to see how disconnected and unfocused Manny Pacquiao was in his fight with Marquez. Great job by on Freddy Roach show.
I miss the snow...when will it snow in Los Angeles?
Unknowingly walked into an event at Sephora. Thanks for the complementary champagne!
Indie movie quote of the day: "All right ramblers, let's get rambling!" -Reservoir Dogs, 1992
yes it is.... We go down every year to their conference in Salem - Refuge
Hoodies designs are in and on the way to the printers. Should be up and ready to rock before XGIVING!
At a spontaneous Kris Allen show at a blues club at The Mirage. A pleasant and unexpected surprise. Intimate shows rock.
shout out to @
We certainly hope so. Thank you
That is a striking image. The blue Tetris-y building in the background is an arresting contrast!
yes. I had the biggest crush on him in 5th grade. He was in apple.
wuz amazing :D does bobby roode have a twitter?
Q1 Not sure I agree with this - perpetuating gossip surely just does more harm than letting go & getting on? :/
In line for my road test
Hope ya'll had a Merry Christmas... Can't wait to see what 2012 will bring! I know what I'd like to have this year lol... How about ya'll?
Thank you for the RTs :)
alright so what we going to do y'all
He sure the hell is.
i will be at Luxe cincinnati tonight raging my face off with the Dj mixx off between Dj haze and Dj kombat
Of course I do. My room is right next to the umpires room. Where else would I live?
ok hey!
yes you do.
haha you're good man. Thanks for having us over!
In 2005, Citigroup's brochure urged investment into a “plutonomy index, The World is dividing into two blocs the Plutonomy and the rest.”
You never followed me back bro:/
Ouch....humorous but no cigar.
New video being uploaded!
Studying for HOPE. :/ I really hope I pass.
Coconut Macaroons? Freanch Macarons? Cake Balls? Mini Pies? What's the next "it dessert"? What do you think?
Sitting on the runway delayed in the 1st 5 minutes of a 21 hr flight to Finland.
it was hot, we were in the gowns and hats, lights baring down on us. YEAH.
Having a problem in finding articles to match vocab words for Alabama. I have used search engines. Do you have any suggestions
": Michigan Teacher in Hot Water for Using Tea to Break Up Fight" hot water...I'm dying from laughing. Your too clever
Why do people brush their teeth in the company bathroom? That's just nasty!
wow:) how tall are you??
Believe me I hate to say it, but the Tebow train may me too much for the Bears to handle this week, our ship is sinking without Cutler/Forte
BREAKING NEWS!!!! Turn out a beautiful Shinny day so #Franklin Park Will Be!!!! We'll be with you tomorrow Navy Yard
Domestic Day $1.50 domestics tonight! (via )
I just wanna sleep....
I have amazing friends <3
Waking up with a headache is the worst
Feeling like today might be a great Day!
how are you? :D x
OH YES!
Woke up this morning without a completed grad project, no lollipops, no phone, and a bench warrant for my arrest...
just checked to be sure.. already done :-)
um ms k
yea! and i broke up with andrew... and zach texted me being a jerk. the only guy i like right now is (;
: Um, he lives in Akron! lol
I do it cuz i HAVE to...
I haven't been to the grocery store in weeks... There's 3 carrots, old rice & pickles in my fridge...
Probably killing the excitement of opening day for myself this season, but I'm stoked for a weekend of #sfgiants #springtraining baseball
Look at it. Look at the color....IT AINT MINE ! Jordan wrapped it up...that how I know you lien !
I love Drake Bell;) but I love Jeremy too<3 my heart is big!
Wow, just saw a crack head not be on crack and she looks normal enough
Head out to "The Cotton Factory" on 5440 Penn Avenue for Tee-Rex, 6:00-10:00pm. Unblurred in Garfield! TODAY!
RT : To read more about Love Modesto and learn about Sierra Vista Family Resource Drop-In Center view our blog...
oh yeah I confused the2 Wilbur wood ,hoyt Wilhelm was the other one
Best interception I've ever seen!
Omigoshhhh! Still no AC! I don't know how much more of this I can take!
Good day ruined.
Let me rescue you, ill fill his shoes. No more tears running down your face
unequivocally, yes. ha.
PMD healthcare panel: Healthcare is going global, & its going home. More of us will B treating ourselves w/ intricate medical devices.
Tonights weather makes me wonder why Des Moines opposes the homeless building their hooches?
FF Working for young children in MA!
yesterday my 20-month-old neighbor and his nanny got hit by a car when crossing the street in a crosswalk. please watch for pedestrians
Every year marks a change for the better 2012 is no exception..
Only if we can be on stage again. , can you make that happen?
Actn like u an angel when i KNO that ain the case
how fun does that sound?! Anything with the word 'Armenise' in it guarantees a great time!!
Hmm. I guess people do still want invites. Our own has 2 invites we'll give out tomorrow. Follow us & send link to folio
I appreciate it--I'd even like 2 look at samples of thorough metadata if you can provide. Not even sure where 2 look!
I miss you...
I didn't want Mahler 2 to stop tonight. Amazing. Thank you Soundcheck = best deal on the planet for students.
#FOLLOW &'&' ILL FOLLOW WHOEVER DOES BACK .
You can't wait for inspiration. You have to go after it with a club." --Jack London, American writer
Thx! We have groupon Now deals running! Try us soon and let tweet us what you think :)
NLC Council on Youth Education Families meets in DC; co-chairs Mayor Dean/Cclmbr Steine discuss 2012 Creative Partnerships theme
gosh, i love my pandora station.. thank you pandora!
Having a good week back at the gym now that Dr. cleared me from my 2nd C-sect. No Excuses just reasons to go! If I can so can you!
RT : Artists Intel is NEW YORK
Sounds good! What are Vegan ribs? Hey guys! Vegan ribs are back!!!
just stop..?
Did you know Cure Pals is a safe and fun social network for kids and parents, to connect and support social causes?
Teixeira K's for the first out. -.-
Twilight by Stephenie Meyer: Girl Falls for Vampire...<U+2665>
GAME TIME!!
I will keep tally by how many shoutouts I get :)
i will u too
would it b unfair if I answered?!
So Many Strains today...All $40 an 8th...No TAX
Based on comments on Facebook and Twitter, it seems there are lots of Virginians watching the live stream of VA House proceeding on judges.
Is touching my nose with my tongue something I can put under special skills on my application?
I've heard guyz saying ma condom broke. Ma advice is alwayz make sure ur condom is double strapped only if u don't wanna pay child support.
Whole day affair at the car dealer =
dont cry *hugs*
I'm sexy and I know it (;
lol geez. took you long enough to understand.
Big day for ! Be sure to stop through for a coffee before enjoying the best Japanese cusine that Baltiomore has to offer!
what a great weekend to be in nawlins
we already follow them ;)
get it done and over with lol it's like advertising cases and pr cases ... Very dreadful
I'M CREEPING. BUT MAKE ME A COPY. PLEASE.
I'm very grateful. Nice post.
Great to meet all of you who came out to say hello at the NY Comic Convention. It was nice to feel each other up a little bit. Turtles.
Basketball is a game of matchups, Baylor is athletic and long which is what UK has over everyone else. This will be a tough game.
But learning can't happen through SM if we don't do more than disseminating info
That's great! It gives you instant feedback I suppose. Today I cut down on sugar intake. Reduced sugar in my morning coffee
angles are pretty tight.
Look at the new locker posters on their merch site....no :(((((
MoMA Abstract Expressionist show has many #famous paintings. A sampling rather than a survey of this era. Worth seeing.
#LiveKelly what ever happened with replacing Regis? Kelly needs a permanent co-host. She is better as a side kick.
Got detention, cussed someone out today because they were BULLYING.
Hey Johnny! Please check out and follow a great touring Atlanta, GA band on twitter and youtube, :)
I never fail to be impressed by the solidity of the stunts! And tumbling off tha chain!!
Haha awesome! I'm doing good, how about yourself?
Patriot League represent?
right especially if it drop on you lol
Floyd may be BLEEDIN but he ain't falterin'.
Nice of you to say so. Thank you!
Spain? Oh, Wow! I'm sure it's "virtually" possible. My fingers are crossed too!
What a crazy day in the city with the Giants parade!
Good morning FB! Time for the best Wednesday ever! Let's go!
Checking emails before I go to bed.
Dear guys, when they say "look for what is inside of a girl", they mean inside their heart, not their clothes. Sincerely, girls.
i am sorry for your loss RT : Try not to say this for the obvious reasons but it's time to
#AllHailAle. Centennial hop plants that were just 1/4 in buds last week are now 3 ft bines. I'd best get started on that new trellis system!
RT : #Q2. Would you cross-post between platforms? Why or why not?
Hay.....tweets
Do NOT forget your dirty Asian book and vita mango pls.
Feel better soon. will we see you Thursday?
Hi Steph. It as at the Kendall Town Center Branch. Have a great weekend!
Congratulations on your success, Stephan! Color is a stunning album! Thank you for your solo piano contributions, Wonderful!
follow please.?(:
all the time lol
Watching #TheVoice on , Love the show now!
Breakfast: coffee and the Wall Street Journal or a protein shake and ESPN Magazine? I HAD BOTH. Coffee at 8 and ESPN at 10.
Great new Lofts available in the Investment Building! Pics coming soon!!!
we got this darlin.
We get $40 Bush #tax break and gets $4million vacation in #Hawaii and $41 worth of dogs treats
Very energized and inspired by all the info and ideas that came out of #prsache Thanks to all who organized and presented!
Does this person not realize most people peer review for absolutely no compensation?
RT : Women's Soccer: The Quakers will play Villanova at PPL Park on Sept. 9.
My voice. Ya, it's gone. #Coachella sign language rest of the night.
You know you're a married man with a kid, when you say PUSS N BOOTS is BADASS
Anxiously awaiting Zubaz pants to come back in style.
Your mom.
How's the zoo treating you? Keeping Colton out of trouble I hope! Or keeping him IN trouble...Either way, it's a full time job
do you still need a ride?
it was hilarious but I don't think they suck at acting I just think they should have had more lines
Also to your sense of irony, it would appear MT : Twitter and pursuit of popularity contributing to the death of journalism...
Good Morning and Happy Monday
W/ or w/o the short hair? RT I meant Numbers Never Lie. Either ways shes >>>>
EARLYBIRD submissions (lowest cost of the season!) ends March 30th! but don't worry the season isopen til October if you are still writing
Oracle Introduces New Sun x86 Servers -- the Industry&#39;s Best x86 Platform for Oracle Applications
Owners of Poised Creation, Joe Dan Wilson and Kyle Johnson are very appreciative for those who follow PC!
Everybody is an alien- yup presenter just told us that
ZOMG! What IS truffle oil made from then? Do I want to know? Lol.
I gotta pray every time ron shoots a 3
Big Eats at Ward's this weekend. 106 oz. & 125 oz. Prime Ribs finished! Up next...160 oz. Ouch!
ayye put that pic on twitter
what can I say? Maybe your right, maybe your wrong, you're entitled 2 your opinion
will be, ill make sure u get it before we "officially" release it next week though
My give a fuck is broke
I've stopped being a winey little bitch. Until something bad happens then who knows. I really really really hope I don't start wining again.
I'm trying to find out for you exactly where to go.
thanks for having us on at work
WeLoveRianDawson because he is hilarious!
IBM melds crime-fighting, big data analytics in one security package
what up homie
my neighbor just told me the same thing...too bad!! I'd love to see you...I'll be down there helping out!
She's a material girl ~ she's everything I need <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
ATTENTION ALL HOG FANS: & Westboro Baptist plan on protesting the funeral of Uekman.
Thanks for the shout-out!
2012 is an important year for many reasons.Cheers!
Crickets throw their voices.
Are you performing a concert? Interpretive dance? Inspirational speech?
I Need Of Activities 2Do
Pig 'n' whistling it! #hollyholla lol
And get rid of hair on any part of my body that ISNT my head..
scoreboard! Im still awesome
I've never been so lost in my mind. I don't know what to say or do...
Oh geez i bought my tickets on for last night but is letting me see Mark Morris tonight anyway! THANK YOU!!
Loving the theme of God fighting for his people I'm seeing in Joshua this week. He is for you!
THX for the RT! There you go being awesome again...
no I did not. thank you for your service. I appreciate it. Black republican is far from an oxymoron. It's courageous and right.
RT At age 68, the Death Panels finally catch up with
Congrats to all the graduates today including my cousin! Way to go!! Now go to college and learn more.... No really.
is this your new venture? Love it
You playing with my emotions lol
What a great flick to watch for that class. And a flick better get made this summer.
Remember if someone tells you their your right hand ~ they can still smack you in the face with the left ....
Feeling suicidal today? Try a bike ride in Back Bay during rush hour!
Thank god for A...in and out with a new ID in 5 minutes. Definitely didn't wanna sit at the DMV for 5 hours!
Congrats Dickey on climbing Mount Kilimanjaro!! We are proud of ya! Safe trip back home! LGM 2012
If I ate myself, would I become twice as big, or will I disappear completely?
So you want to be a singer in the business - what are you marketing and to whom?
no matter where my reckless soul takes me, baby, you save me
I'm sure they'll get right on that.
we are apart of U can go to iheartradio.com and submit your music to the website. It's pretty rad.
hilarious. Beautiful countryside out there. I think the T was quite a destination back in the day.
i know ! :S havent been on in a while haha! :)
Can someone RT me an OLD SCHOOL Radiohead single? Thanks
My 3yr old son ask me to squeeze his feet smh
omfg I tagged the wrong person but I seriously love you right now ahahahah
I feel like I haven't seen you cross my social media radar in forever. Missing by a sliver, I imagine. Hope you're well. :)
Kuechly doing a great job in the Panther's Press Conference. Although he is sweating like I probably would.
glad your flight made it safely to your destination
BUT OVERALL THE VIDEO WAS AMAZING!
Colton Dixon your perfect :*
So happy its lunch time been waiting all day to make this vegan avocado salad dressing I found online
All my bitchess listen up. Go stand on the corner I need money(; hah jk
": #RememberLadies before u meet Mr. Right u have to go thru Mr. Fake, Mr. Player and Mr. Asshole...." Thnk God I found mine
Any word on BOF lunch locations? I want to go to 's New Modes of Publishing table
Know the media: local media with cover local disasters, leavng international coverage for national media
nothing trying to get my lazy ass up
Im giving weekly lectures at Mareka's in Studio City. Every wednesday night. No cover! Check out my website under EVENTS for details
I love [title of show]! I worked with the book writer in college
Research in Motion - who gave you #BlackBerry - fired all of its big wigs, including #NHL owner wannabe Jim Balsillie
LOL. You too, Nicholas. Have to grab coffee sometime. Have a good weekend man.
On Duck Dynasty they said "haters gonna hate" and I automatticly thought of 's quote "haters gonna hate,mahomies gonna love"<3
Research: Neuroscience research; and community-of-practice research grounded in arts/science practice
Yes:) thanks for Tweeting me<3
everyone needs to follow comedian He's super
I'm with you. I wrote 20 pages yesterday, only 5 survived my cuts.
It's actually the last name of my boss (Gal Shweiki). I have ribbed him for over 10 years for being so vain :).
CANT WAit BRO !
My mom contradicts herself like every other day. But this time I finally think she's found her marbles
Ron Artest is one of the best defensive players in NBA history. Period.
does anyone know how to look at your retweet history?
IT"S SUNNY!!!!! PERFECT DAY for a SMOOTHIE!!!
I'm not a mom or female so stop texting me Happy Mother's Day!
Awesome and thanks for the advice as always
you are but i will deduct 1 cent per each bed bug missing
is proofing transcriptions, looking for summer housing in England, and enjoying the last day of spring break.
now let me see it ima sight see'a
So...somebody...tell me what the name of the hotel was in the suite life of zack and cody. #cantremember !
Just placed a January freshman at Babson College# Government internship in Boston. International student internship# arranged his home-stay#
"Your destiny is shaped in your moment of decision."
great game tonight jay-r we enjoyed you playing here this year youll be missed. good luck in the future go ducks!
most people are close minded, open up
With the 38th pick in the UFL draft the Omaha Nighthawks select Jeremiah Masoli
What has worked: class in programming ActionScript, grant to fund CS students at Medill, team-based project interdis class
... however, improving tackling techniques may lower HS FB concussion rates (20%) to approach college FB rates (10%).
Goodby so entertaining. Bemused that, regional or national or global, advertising is still advertising after all.
Rumors and lies? I done adapt to it all.
thanku for following me u guys rock
love you more Bre!!
Who knew?
Bah. Too late of a notice. I would love to be there but can't. :(
loved the heart to heart! The three of us gotta go out and do something reall son
Cool. We should time sync & meet. Don't b scared. : )
Yayyyy for Cinco de Mayo!!!! Can't wait for tonight!!
Missed you too! RT : Missin my frandss wish I was at guilt!
Need some ciroc in my life.. maybe some music ..
The guy to my right has the same headphones as me! I got mine for free, but they're really nice Bose earbuds.
The health care industry offers a constant stream of work.
Up early to take care of some business. All day giving it 100%.Run,run,run.It'll all pay off. ;-)
Hysterical. RT I plan to cry later tonight so Leap Day William will definitely be throwing lots of candy #30Rock joke.
Hey Michael! Happy to be your 8th follower and looking forward to hearing what you're up to here in the Twitterverse!
Where do I put the 4 Brad Bergesen t-shirts I have....
Microsoft Word spellcheck is not a fan of Cormac McCarthy's neologisms ("roadrats," "bogfolk") or distaste for punctuation.
hey will you please follow and me??
sorry :) I was getting my grub on!
I love when you find out someone is talking about you through another person.
um yess! lol i was just talking to looper and kevin about how i miss you, like 4 hours ago. =D
Speaking of which, putting the finishing touches on credit card processing. We'll be looking for a small number of venues to test it soon.
JUSTIN BIEBER IS NEXT HE SAID NOT TO MOVE..........
that's what I've been saying! they haven't responded to my many emails yet... RT Peet's should sponsor you!
we need some office treats for Thur. and I collectively nominate you Evan!
glad u noticed :) RT: I adore (little big burger) right down to their little plant based straws. Earth Day fast food! Yum!
Join us April 15th for Flavors of Wisconsin 2012 hosted by The American Liver Foundation! Chef Mitch will be preparing a 5 course dinner!
Rosie I want to make mash potatoes but I forgot how to can u send me instructions pls
Morning Eminem Fans =)
sorry I was in class and K dm
I'm not saying the Dems don't pander also, but watching the US Republican "Presidential debate" calls into question my faith in democracy.
": is beautiful tonight!"
Cool, its pretty easy and no $ involved, just for fun. You don't really need to take it seriously. I'll get back to you.
Rehearsing for a reading of "The Architect" at The Lex! Performance Nov. 17th, come see us!
thanks for the
Gift certificates for studio time are available in red and green.
you do? :p
RT : Awesome tweets to
Last weekend for COMPANY SHORTS...just 2 shows left. Seats still available. www.theatrecompany.biz
#IVoted and you should too. Number 2 in line. Would've been number 1 if it wasn't for my wife.
Thanks & Gig 'em! Much appreciated! :)
A big welcome to our new followers
New #Jakeandamir video costs $3 to watch. It just might be worth it... >_<
watchu mean y?
I'll keep you in mind. Thanks
RT : NPR has the unique ability to bring the discussion on the Smart-Grid to regular person in language they can understand.
Been here for 2 minutes, and I look like I just played the hardest soccer game of my life...
I'd take quality followers over quantity followers anyday
Home Depot with Tim. Need a new clothes hanger bar.
Both. Really mad I stayed up until 12:30 am to watch the Pacers debacle. 30 offensive rebounds? Jeff Foster for MVP!!??
Worst team in the league this year. Only 6 wins, 3 HE wins.
Ski the Slopes ultimate winter swingers vacation for adult couples looking to get away for some sexy adult fun. www.ski.swingfestevents.com
it don't matter just look up the price...on everything
Lakers ain't playing no defense!
RT Damn yall Heat fans is tight! Lol but if this was my team playin like this I would be too! >heat lost
Long shot #AAASmtg missed connection: Smithsonian rep @ Fri visualizing climate session--interested in sci communication best practices.
Thanks for the helpful info!
Front-Street chicks.....
Don't worry you look 20 something. Age is just a number as long as you take care of yourself and don't act like an old fart.
I Need To Stop Being So Abusive . . I Keep Hitting Guys . One Day They're Going To Hit My Ass Back & I'm Going To Get My Feeling Hurt . Lol
LOL! Say hi to mommy for me hun, okay?
no, when did you send it? Feel free to resend to or
It's '$1 off Draft Beer Tuesday'! Come in & try our summer seasonals.
Only 1 sleep till winter is over. Goodbye cold rainy days, electric blankets & umbrellas. Hello spring! Bring on the warmth & sunshine!
not a chance. I don't want Jason to come with the home.
Yikes. How do they define "young" RT : RT : Young people-14% of population, account for 58% of total costs of car inj
Temple Grandin is on twitter! Follow her at
true. I have done it like......... 8 times. What a shame
Panda Express <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Come one Patriots, quit screwing up!
Congrats to one of the smartest, kindest, and hardest working men in the music industry. Get on with your bad self,
Dr. John Krell did a good job for me
Avengers was an awesome movie!! I'm going to find me a Captain America tee asap!!
I couldn't even begin to try spelling that or I would have replied the same!!!
It's a little disappointing you didn't go in. If you tell me you don't like them/didn't like them, I'd call you a liar
I'm gonna get up my regular time tomorrow and hit some stores before tutoring.
#Devils and #Knicks couldn't be playing more opposite in playoffs right now. Expecting Devils players to repair fire extinguishers.
A leap day isn't as exciting as it sounds.
HATERS: thank you for all that you do. as a result of your actions, i am on my way to becoming the best version of myself
you're welcome! :)
I hate to say it, I'm no longer mad at #LeBron, the #cavs are coming around, LeBron is a good player and I'd welcome his return, if he does
The MSA listserv is a pretty sedate place, but every once in a while something sets it off. This time around: artificial light.
#NP Tell Me Freestyle
": Gotta get out this bad mood I'm in .. Smh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>" .... I got you fam. we drinkin after your session...
And fall into my arms instead :D
Relax, Dallas people, Mark Cuban will save you from the tornados.
RT : officially unveils the #middlemarket indicator, the 1st of its kind and first for #OhioState at
how can you justify the #ravens going to pittsburgh for primetime EVERY YEAR!? you can't, look it up!!
Lol he's crazy “: Lol wtf is up with this sub ”
You're funny.
Oh, goodie, midterms are over......Crap, I have assignments and quizes next week....
It's funny how something so simple as thinking can keep you awake..
AC, which sounds more comparable to a query capturing interest, yes?
im ready to cut some grass
on my way!
you are AWESOME!!!
From Vince (4:20pm): Dodge Co. warning has been cancelled. Storm weakened below svr limits.
I'll just have to get used to paying attention to the pix! I guess I do repost cartoony things on FB.
Doing <U+E301> homework <U+E301> <U+E40E> hate it they have the dumbest questions for math ! Wish I was listening to music <U+E30A><U+E326>
yes sir! Looking great so far!
has never been a better time to convert paper documents to safe, secure electronic files. And we've just slashed prices to make it better
I need something to pump me up man
Dj's that do work: Follow them!
in my class as of last year. I have A LOT of homework. I hang out with my friends lie every minute I have free. UGH!
what's up babe imu
Have a good day today guys! Good morning! Off to to school! Bye!
Today is the last day of standardized test week in NYC public schools. Kids, go out and play this weekend.
Agreed! RT : Since the Telluride Fest is this weekend, the program announcement today feels like a tease about movies we're...
Ate lunch now time for school ... kinda gotta pee ill just wait..
Love when does my math homework for me... Definitely acing this next test
Happy birthday !!! Hope you have an amazing day !<3
Watching Gilmore Girls and then reading 1984. A Late start is better than never
Hes so Sweet !"*
At the Milwaukee Ballet watching David as Michael Pink's Dracula. Act I = amazing! Act II up next..
Love ya Bernie but there is #zero chance can get more followers that !
phone dying I need a charger
Going for a hike today on the Natchez Trace.. If anyone wants to go call me.
Hi Natalie, like to share how Kanjoya's emotional tool can assist you better understand how your client's are perceived. DM?
Any opinions on #Makerbot out there. Think we may be in the market for one to go along with our Next Engine 3D scanner
I wanna fuck u hard, i wanna feel u deep---
Uploading a cover of "The One That Got Away" By Katy Perry! Hopefully its up by midnight :p
Its finally Friday #YEE thank The Lord <U+E057><U+E022>
Christmas is coming
Great! Glad you like Would love for you to spread the word about it to your network! :-)
In life's storms we realize our own strength, and we understand that the storms were necessary. Live. Mess up. Learn. Live again.
I just love the completely contrived answers. But at this point...it is all like a fictional tv show to me.
I'm just sad you stole my thunder :/ lol
I know i miss it. :(
Awww I cried when austin tweeted me for about idk but i passed out lol
well im gay so my intentions would differ HAHAHA
thanks it has been a nightmare...and my Landlord has made it more than difficult....for no reason...
In loving memory of Barbra and mater my 2 favorite fish that I had for ONLY one DAY!! R.I.P :( ! 9-25-11 9-26-11
they took yerrr job!!!!
The Matt Moberly Watercolor show is back for First Friday! Come down and visit us at YOUR community museum. Free and open til late!...
did u see all that swag then? Lol
"Baby Let's Get Naked Just So We Can Make Sweet Love"
no. I haven't heard that song in so long
Our pleasure, of course! :)
Good Morning Tom,great show.Im from a beer drinking town,with a Football Problem(Pittsburgh).
hey miss missy.
and this flame will burn with the brightest intensity and last for eternity :)
Lips are numb
okay. wait lang ah. haha. :)
We provide #homecare by assigning an angel companion to your home to care for your loved one
S/o reppin for the real female rappers...2nd2none
.. The bluffer had 78o and AKo (AK high) called the bluff. Ace high won
Happy birthday to the wonderful !!! See ya soon lady
Nice to tweet you! I signed up for you e-news!
is that Domo Kun or a regular old tree in 's slides?
The most important key to achieving great success is to decide upon your goal and launch, get started, take action, move. -Brian Tracy
Prom is coming up soon!! And now just gotta think of great idea to ask someone, gotta top off last years!!
always makes a day more interesting
Whos going to all stars this sunday?? Make sure you watch IN SEARCH OF SIGHT they are our homeboys and they fucking kick ass!!
why the hell are you up at this time?
See Karl Lagerfeld and Snoop Dogg in the Very Same Music Video: Okay, okay, so they don't share any scenes, but "Sa...
APIs talking public affairs at China Max.
Prettiest, nicest, smartest, interesting person you will ever meet. So follow her.! <333 :)
Easy Crafts for Kids Using Recycled Materials by USAPoolToy
what is what lol ?
Idol... Joshua Ledet should still be there !
Magaluff next year with college pals WoOp WoOp =D
Thank goodness for Sparks Notes!
Gosh Haters need to go die in a hole. You don't know me foo! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
It’s definitely in the hype phase now. Useful, but not magical. Like VMware for networking, kinda. Still ethernet.
The kids across the street challenged me to a water fight, so I'm currently boiling the water
Who watches the voice? What team do you want to win?
Yeah, this should probably be Correia's last start.
Good luck tomorrow!! (Hang in there!!!!!)
Easy reading is damn hard writing. — Nathaniel Hawthorne
this is for those of us who want to keep track of our traffic!
Just another Saturday afternoon drafting 501(C)(3) paperwork... <3
and he has the voice of an angel <3
Good Morning, how was your weekend?
ha yeah
- that made me giggle
It takes a very long time to get glitter out of your hair and clothes.
no food darnit!
m dam gurl u sure know how to make a man get his munchies on ...<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
thanks for the
Just got done with 2hr #soccer scrimmage! #exhausted and #hungry lol! It was #amazing though!:) <3
Happy Mother's Day ! We see you & Will Smith waving at the ! Go #FedExpress!
where are you?
Don't miss our Twitter-view w/ this coming Monday (5/23) @ 9pm EST/6 PST. These guys are amazing you wont want to miss this
Riley and Tank!!! Riley and Tank. Riley and Tank. Riley and Tank. Riley and Tank.
Good decisions come from experience, and experience comes from bad decisions.
In a society governed by the rule of law, access to legal advice and representation is crucial, but can u afford it? Now you can afford it.
County exec Ike Leggett, Council Membera George Leventhal and Phil Andrews joined us this evening.
If you call me "hott", I automatically will lose some respect for you.
Happy #firstdayofsummer! What are your summer plans?
OK, fine, I won't drink Dr. Pepper 10. Because I'm a woman. And it's clearly off limits to me.
I am sure our enemies feel the same way.
#Rain is a'comin! Are your wiper blades ready? Replace your wiper blades today & GET $5 OFF! Just mention the Twitter post to the cashier!
Scientists in India developed a way to save energy called reverse tanning and they're not talking about unplugging tanning beds.
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous
"theyre gonna beat you, kill you, or overdose you" - harsh words from an abused #trafficking #victim via motor city documentary.
Often, we fall in love with the most unexpected person, at the most unexpected time.
S/O TO ALL
So far, we've visited 12 institutions and scanned over 700 pages! Baker Univ.was our last stop; headed to Confederate Memorial next week.
Kate Upton doing the #CatDaddy :O Greatest thing ever lol
Breaking: CPD confirms homicide suspect shot tonight in Whitehall. He is in surgery and stable at the hospital. No officers were hurt.
hardcore! seems like a perfect little outing paired with the whitney biennial.
That was by farthes the stupidest most dangerous thing ive ever done. That was a scare
so many hunger games shirts to chose from.
hahahaha chill. Get over myself? Lol
Merry Christmas everyone! :)
look, we all know that the animals chose to be that way. Especially the giraffes
pain pain pain , stomach cramp ! fcuk it ! i hate it so much !
I remember when you coiuld turn on the radio between 10-2 and hear slow jams.Now i just hear lil wayne cusing me out.
THx for the Shout Out Amy - have a nice weekend!
swept 'em, baby.
Renegades tonight hanging out with my brother and his wife Amber
Aw Looks like you need a hug Around your neck With a rope. <U+FF61><U+25D5><U+203F><U+25D5><U+FF61>
#moversli available tomorrow afternoon, Saturday afternoon, Sunday morning times available
of course not. Stadi le. Not so stupid to risk exam.
go to bed.
RT : To all the girls who didnt get this text: Good night beautiful.
Hahaha! ... Don't feel alone. I have these moments ALL the time. :P
when's the recital?
Excellent morning music: 's "Surprise Stefani" on
Happy Birthday, fine sir!
it's Hot Yoga!
John Kerry got A LOT of attention/dissection for his wealth in '04
#OomfNeedsTo come see me
Play being redrawn up for Kobe to get the ball more easily... Beware The Dagger, damn it!
Right now the new is you, but someday not too long from now, you will gradually become the old and be cleared away
L&RV2 may be your sweatiest EP to date. You make mention of your perspiration at least thrice
Geez. When is Rootstock going to put smelts back on the menu?
So much work to make up... parents pissing me off
Soul Rebels are playing their version of Sandman by Metallica at the Mint right now! Have you ever heard a brass band cover a metal song?!
yeah that's the bonus track. I forgot about that one, haha.
Q2 we all need a way to blow off steam, just don't do it "on the floor", take it offline or to the breakroom with chocolate
yeah thats good, you can co-own i will DM you the password now :)
Reading Charles Frazier on the iPhone @ Starbucks with Dolly Parton twanging in the background: cognitively dissonant but somehow it works
Out and about dog walking and cat sitting in sunny Seattle weather
Get Avira Anti virus and cc cleaner. Paid version.
At #mashbash at 1OAK at the Mirage with #ces Who else is here.
": I hate mondays with a passion" u and me both
Please send a letter asking the Secretary of Agriculture to implement an immediate “time out” on road-building on national forestlands.
totally loving the new Bombadil album Tarpits and Canyonlands! many thanks Bryan for sending it my way!
OHMYFLACKINGNIALL. Where were you today? D:
look forward 2 it!! you may have to ge a few bottles of wine for after words tho.. and not to celebrate ;)
#WISPAPALoOzaza WISPA trade show rocks in vegas. ISP leaders informing and engaging about local service.
didn't mean to send that yet. I meant in a husng someone cbing 100% over one sng isn't a sign of overcbetting
The only #Tiger I've seen homer this year is Boesch
Good morning Twitter friends! I'm up early it's a nice sunny day!! :)) ! I'm going to get my tweets caught up today!! Tweet you all later!
'Me:OMFG THE BOYZ ARE SO SEXY!!!!' 'EveryoneElse:Wtf are they wearing?' Seriously bro?
please follow(:
Thank you! Saw the pattern somewhere and thought it'd be neat :)
45 min nap in the library? Fuck yea.
i dont know where you goin ' or when you comin '
Hey there , i heard you were a WILD ONE!!
Well mama said, You can't believe everything you hear, The diegetic world is so unclear...
editing editing editing!
Love you #cakeNbake ..
Be friendly with your kids, they choose your home when you are old!
me too. My grandpa worked in a greenhouse for 40 years. We tried his tip on planting small seeds like carrots & lettuce.
Long days, long night. But change gone come...
great food! Thanks!!!
Sure... I will play some Texas hold'em with you on Facebook
If all men are the same, why do women take so long to choose one ?
I'm reading the PDF you sent me ^^
Cleaning all dayy!
I did too! They were giving them away at warped tour but I forgot about it. :(
boyfriend just sent me a pic of his red blazer & bow tie... it's a red out alright! GO BUCKS
Looking for some good, but inexpensive reading? Don't miss our Annual Book Sale on the Metuchen Library Lawn, Sat October 1 at 9AM Be there!
understand! How odd they opened an acct under ur handle! That's terrible!! Wonder how they sent that 2 me-I follow u-not them
Baltimore Police Commissioner Frederick H. Bealefeld, I to reitre
I could prolly set you up with a word press site like mine but nothing coded
Why not rent a flute? In the U.S. there are places where young people can rent or rent-to-buy on contract.
love it! New favorite song! :) love you! <3 follow please? 13
In the morning, O Lord, you hear my voice; I lay my requests before you and wait in expectation. ~RT
I am inside your mind you cannot keep focuz, If i were ah fountaiin drink i would be liquified dopeness
nice to see u
"Dude be quiet, I'm calling my mom!" Person in background- "PASS THE WEED!"
ANOTHER DAY STILL DREAMING AND PRAYING THAT YUH WILL NOTICE ME N FOLLOW THIS BIG FAN OF URS ME CUZ YUR MY IDOL MY WORLD (: <3 5
« ATTENTION I will follow the first 30 people that follow --> <-- Hurry! IM CHECKING!»/done!
": Kiss slowly, forgive quickly, play hard, take chances, give everything & have no regrets.".
Our greatest battles are that with our own minds. Jameson Frank
I didn't know 24oz bottled beers were legal in TN. Not that I'm complaining.
of course, of course
wow loving the videos you can make 4cents 7 times if you look and keep refreshing on the hp an fcdea
Just listened to the podcast with your dad. Very cool. Thanks for sharing!
Chris is cute, but he looks cross-eyed or something, I'm liking Mr Columbia.
If you want a special shout out on #FF just send us a direct message and we will be sure to include you in our list! Share the love!
Booked for NYC. Reading at ZeiherSmith Gallery May 22. BE THERE!!!!!
#Bruins are having such a bad run they went from 2nd to 7th today in the conference standings and didn't even play. Need to get going now!
So UNIQLO is offering me an interview for their store supervisor position in SF.
I have a brother named Flip and once I flopped him. Looks like I FLOPPED-FLIP!
Don't miss out on the #NABEFCareerFair in Las Vegas April 18. Find jobs in broadcasting -media sales, on-air and technology
I understand that Teddy F. found one in the Mekong Delta, 2007
Is it illegal to call an actual play??? random iso offense doesn't work well in post season
Just bought #aerosmith tickets
just got it.
"An optimist may see a light where there is none, but why must the pessimist always run to blow it out?" - Rene Descartes
I'm sure will not write about Staal two-handed swing of his stick on Carlson. Does he too have a 'Get out of Jail Free' card?
Can't believe I played my last home game
I ran out of my house around a 11 and got about 3 seconds of video of Discovery on final approach. Yay!
or toilet paper
Yes sir ?
I was out 21 days @ 168 different places & unlocked 8 badges in April ! this is an automated message & might not even be read
I'm donating my next paycheck to you beauts! You guys deserve a raise. Keep on tweeting!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
A friend told me today I'm just try to be HBO. (Help a Brutha Out) Not knowing that's my favorite premium channel. Thanks 4 the vote cheers
LetterThree provides customizable solution-based training for your counselors. Visit us online at letter-three.net.
Thanks for following! Nice meeting you! Check out & their FB page & post a pic of your guitars!
FREE LAP DANCE DAY FRIDAY MARCH 23rd! Noon to Midnight!
or we could open out bed & breakfast :)
Pssshhh. Women's lax is where it's at.
Going to the gym with my dad!!!!!!!!!!, I don't want to stay alone at the house, my two sisters and mom are gone!!!
Koval Whiskey Tasting: April 17, 5:30pm, $25. Menu includes beef tenderloin slider, baby back ribs & more. Tickets going fast:...
PROfessional & TECHnical. I'm #Marketing. Please come, the nonbelievers will see that tweets work!
no worries! Thanks for clearing that up! It'll be raining there this weekend anyway!
Be sure to get it in an Old English script across your stomach.
A day full of great meetings, conversations, and brainstorming about #edtech locally and globally.
Happy 1st Day of Spring - I think this calls for classes to be cancelled :)
I'm going to fail at this so bad. xD
he's got such a way with words, he's got a voice i wish you never heard.
"How High" You Are will determine How Low You Go.
It made me laugh and and totally mellow, have the munchies and horny and then tired and crash out. NEVER violent.
720 tonight, UWW football tomorrow and Packer game Sunday. Great weekend!
How did you do on the bike?
...unless you're nervous about how long its going to count...seems like a bigger sweat to me
yes very much so. That's why I like her & PM so much. Very genuine people.
Thanks for the mention!
a nap would help her thought process lol
Just hanging out INSIDE a life-sized replica of a blue whale's heart at the field museum.
What is the name of 's music label? Answer correctly and you could win room & VIP table tomorrow!
Where's my pizza?!
indeed i am a weirdo! I WEAR MY BADGE PROUD NIQQUAH!
Holy Moly! Kaylee is almost done reading the Book of Mormon! She is winning our challenge!
carpe diem! “: Letting go of the past, living and accepting (and enjoying!) the present is hard but freeing. #lighter”
I usually advise against looking directly at the people at the table. They want to watch you act, not be part of the scene.
love your designs already. The black sequin butterfly dress is FAB.
Tomorrow night's show with Bull Dancer & , All Ages, Pay what you want, drink, stomp, and clap with us!
The #GOP would have lost a social-issues election thanks to war on women. Now? This levels, at best, the field in a SI election
I agree... Too bad I can't say that about Kenny G.
Thank you so much:):):)
working on handmade teacher gifts all day tommorow... i hope the come out nice!
This could be a game changer. RT : Numerous sources tell me Prosser will pick up 7000 votes in Waukesha Cty.
if you asked me to point on my body to see where my waist was, I wouldn't be able to tell you cuz I don't have one lol.
you got it!
subliminal = weak
TIP: Limit the Party Guest List. Limiting ur guest list will keep the conversation intimate & evening fun &light-hearted!
87 schools have no "specials" says Dr Thornton, that why he proposes the standard of care.
Tim from www.newhorizonswi.com, is up next to talk somemore about Sharepoint 2010, new features.
physically and emotionally tired. I think it's bedtime
finna make breakfast for the fam i guess
Thanks for following us We like your bio-great job
Coming from the Mountain Time Zone, I CAN'T WAIT for Football kicking off at 7AM! Great way to start the season!
swears I stalked him on his way down to MY OWN HOOD.
what? Where'd that come from?
Congrats to my amazing brother for getting into today!!!
Im afraid to know what is gonna tell us..
I like to picture Jesus in a tuxedo tshirt because it says, "I wana be formal, but I'm here to party here."
hahahahahahahaha. enjoy that.
So far each house presented to us had been placed under contract prior to us viewing. Need networked agent to avoid this ;)
omg. #allday was the best music video...sofar (;
Get to your TV set now! will be performing Live at 9 on WREG News Channel 3! You don't want to miss this!
so ijuss met this one dude like 4 days ago
Thanks for that list of donors. Putting them in categories with clever names made it better for drying my wet shoes.
Thanks! I really enjoyed conversing with the class.
Ninety two degrees huh?
well, it ain't me! LOL
Inbox me ur number
The office has some kind of local, Detroit coffee in the kitchens. I don't like it.
Emma Goldman born today, 1869. An anarchist & women's rights advocate known for her politics, writing & speeches.
the show stacked the deck
which eagles?
thank you Spec
Questions from twitter about tools panelists are using in class: wikis, html, blogging, ethnography, twitter, music!
you're now approved.
My munchkin should be on that plane!!!!
Our fearless leader is starting her intro. It's going.... Well, it's going.
hope u feel better
Just learned we have some serious foreign officials coming to talk w/ our domestic violence task force tomorrow. Reading their bios - whoa!
Sitting in on interview with #JohnCarterCash and host Hank Weinbloom talking about JCC's new book
Why hasn't Steffy drawn back on DrawSomething?! :o
its June 22nd the actual concert and the tickets go on sale this saturday at noon
Today is a perfect day to skip class, make a hot toddy (WHISKEY) and watch the game
call me
make no sense, right? but, bball: 'cos coaches (think 80s pat riley) set bar there. baseball: 'cos it's old-ass tradition.
MT : I'll be on NBC San Diego in about 1 hour talking about the teachers union, concessions & counting beans at school district
just changed the channal! :D
It was more a comment on my inability to go that route, so I was wondering if you really could.
Hunter Pence is out. The Phillies best hitter is now probably John Mayberry Jr.
watchin behind da music about biggie
Change it to "free poodle" and you might be right.
Cox Cable goes out and there goes the Bball games. They will not even take calls!
A bone to the dog is not charity. Charity is the bone shared with the dog, when you are just as hungry as the dog. ~Jack London
Happy birthday Stewie! can you believe our boy is 4 years old
I'm looking 4ward to Thrive Lunch at Shanghai Grill this Thursday! Not only do I get to have lunch with gr8 people, I get to eat GR8 food!
Wow that does sound like fun times! I hate listening to myself... I would be unhappy if I had to be on camera too lol!
not really. I might go see a movie or play some basketball... u?
Went to the movies today and saw " The Lucky One" I could say it was good, but actually it was very good! Chick Flik
enjoy the party! Food drive Saturday at the job. I should have banged in like most people! Lol
“Don't criticize what you can't understand.” <U+2015> Bob Dylan
Some people asked him amazing questions. Covered the bases I wanted to hear!
You're right (on both counts--ha!). I'm very lucky. :)
please tell me you've seen Carl's new tv commercial. Can't. Stop. Laughing.
Finished with finals!
Stump(Tank) best friend to Sam. how loyal is he? read it in the book Spirit Lance first book in the Native Protectors Series.
Just thinkin about my FUTURE, my Daughters FUTURE and what it comes down to is three Letters.... JTP!!!!!!! is the new record Label on top
Spinning rifle this early in the morning just doesn't work.
We can use some +K in pets, too!
"I wanted my film to have that dreamy swimming in oatmeal feeling" Guy Maddin on his film Keyhole
On my way to for our last rehearsal before opening week - can you believe it?
When will he realize she's just some whore..whos gonna just break your heart..
For all you people who text me during the day this week, realize that I do not have my phone and cant reply. GEEZ
Enjoying some Moon Cycle #Yogi tea.
Cool finds!
Or my foot in your azz!!
any chance I could request an academic favor from you? I need a professional review of a draft syllabus
don't tell me you're broke and then post photos on facebook of you on vacation in exotic lands. it makes me want to choke a bitch.
Who do you keep thinking you want to network with? Spark up a conversation!
Had a great night hanging with wife and singing with my daughter...glad to see her come out of her shell
Wish I had someone to talk to right now :/
lmao yea I do <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> holla at me when u done
u dont know nothin bout that old head
Will do. Tis a fine city.
I just had the most amazing phone convo --- w/ a HS football teammate (co-capt). Small world--someone I met works with him!
try flying as an 16 year old unaccompanied minor with your little sister. Then you talk about how bad airports are.
esp. since you live in #rainy Seattle! RT emergency! You need to get one - they are convenient!
Okay, good, won't have to drive that far(:
Truth RT : Rose on the Roof with next Thursday. Everyone's going.
Teenager in FL. accused of killing his parents with a hammer. Then throwing party with dead bodies still inside home. at 5:30
I hate it when someone borrows your clothes and then never brings them back to you!
aw, thanks steph! i had a blast with you! see you soon?
": Chris Davis needs a pep talk...or something!" Yeah. 2 bad Mark Reynolds not around :)
Let me breathe/for you
RT #funfact I'm an Ordained Minister... so, if you're getting married give me a call!
thank you for the follows. Very cool. I'm a huge fan. Your show rocks!! Must see TV.
There will be no weekly LOVIEE this week. There are three events covering Friday and Saturday. The weekly LOVIEE will resume next Monday.
hm interesting..
Vidal Sasson. "If you don't look good we don't look good". One of the best ad campaigns. Thanks Vidal!
The heart is a muscle, and what do muscles do when they’re torn? – They grow back STRONGER.
I regret nothing! Congratulations on 1/3!
uh... you need some tweets n' junk...
you don't use that on your beard do you? :)
Good Morning! A guilty conscience needs to confess. A work of art is a confession. -Albert Camus
My husband added curry powder to our left over Easter eggs for a flavorful egg salad.
why would you say that? =(
Just a little fib ;p
At the airport. Getting ready to head to ATL
Finally got my hosting back up and running and hope to get my new folio up and running - stay tuned.
After a Chris Leak interception, the VooDoo capitalize with a rushing touchdown. New Orleans leads 27-14 at the end of the 1st quarter.
thanks for the love girl.. Maybe ill come out to your area and check ya out..
There's this one chick at work who always seems angry to me. I wonder if I ever come across that way to other people...
The suffering made it tastier.
good advice.
Much love to my boy Hope you enjoyed the game.
Make sure you two change seats from last night. Don't move if you already have. Barclay keep standing
Horrible end to a BC HOF career RT : Yes it is!!!!
If you aim at nothing, you'll hit it every time...
we need to grab a beer soon!
Traveling to Dominica? I know where to stay without spending a fortune!
IM A PUNK IM A SINNER IM LOST NEW BEGINNER IM A THREAT TO MYSELF IMA GET ARMAGEDDON. IM A FREAK IM A LIAR IM A FLIRT
A close friend's brother passed from H1N1 the other day. Just in case you needed a reminder, life is precious.
OKAAY THIS RETARDED LEAVE NICK ALONE OKAAY HE DIDNT DO SHIT OKAAY NOW F*** OFF YOU CANT BE AN ICONiac WHILE HATIN ON ONE OFF THE BOYZ
Just got off the phone with Supervisor Greg Cox. Really sharp, thoughtful guy. So was his challenger,
Join us for Pub Quiz tonight at 7:30! Let’s see if “Wishful Thinking” can keep their winning streak going!
Gentlemen, obviously you haven't had yogurt. Real, frozen fruit inside.
Flow is primed and ready for Derby
Did you get burned really bad??
Despite working a majority of the day, this weekend was very relaxing - almost like we were back on the West Coast.
i never thought twice about his quitting. just glad to see fla fball go away for a bit. they were so good & fans annoyed
So do I
hey, I just left the camera at EMAC lab with a guy named Kyle. He said he would turn in the paperwork....thanks!
Were you smart enough to think ahead and buy Southwest Drink coupons on eBay?
Couldn't say I didn't warn you now look what happend.
As if rememberng 9-11 wasn't enough of a bummer - I had to go and watch the #Browns today too.
I am going to be so sore tomorrow. Runnnningggg time
#chargers pick #melviningram #southcarolina ALL SEC
My son won't go to sleep. Says there's no school tomorrow. He's 8. It's 2:30am. I'm a broken man. This is a conspiracy. Where's his mother?
We also can't wait until Sunday. It will be a lot of fun!
i wish i could see pix of the new exhibits :/ i'm sure they are very cool!
And just for the record, the girls that talk shit about fake boobs are the ones that want/need them the most. Stfu.
Wow....I just pray for them. Lol
If u look at me and i have mud all over and you think "eww go take a bath" then get tha fuck out of the country. #muddin4life :p
- sounds like another example of awesome United customer experience!
The weather is nice. BIEBER FOLLOW MAHONE -J
"Are" for "Our"
so buckets of fun? yay or nay
ya never know(: And I highly doubt they'll ever come to San Antonio. I mean who would?
S/O 2 da Whole 619 & D-Blac , If u don't know about him, U will be Finding Out sooner than Latet:-) BlacFritz-FrontLin3 signing off
Parents can only give good advice or put them on the right paths, but the final forming of a person’s character lies in their OWN hands.
Nice! I was toying with "How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love Metabrarianship" RT careers beyond card catalogs?
Complaints now the most common consumer interaction at at 48% socapvoc
Friends and family are entering the Beckett Theatre for the invited dress rehearsal of #LOSTINYONKERS. Break legs everyone!
#Imagine Austin softly touching your face and pressing his soft lips against yours.
I'd rather watch paint dry then watch a girls distance run.
there lies the distinction here in California we dont know what a tornado is a good lightening storm is fun until you loose power
Gas $20, books at the #barnes&noble for the kids $50, silence in the car ride home,
Robert Merry: impartial journalism was a product of news technology since it involved sharing stories across diverse newspapers.
ur always so hard on folks!
Upping the rejection ante
So thrilled the kids picked Nirvana to play for their first song.
watching funny people...forgot how funny it is
Hi guys!! if you followed today- repost about #mofones!! This is a totally #artist run project and we need help spreading the word!! Thanks!
chris brown reminds me of fresh prince for some reason..
Screw them - they jealous. Just ploy as you are the lady in UK and doing your US stint!
welcome doll
Candy is dandy, but liquor is quicker. ~ Ogden Nash
and you have In and Out Burger there… NO CONTEST! I give.
Dont know wether to go with pink and black hair or red and orange hair..hm
Interesting start to the 2nd round
Wearing giant frog slippers in my office becasue I don't have Mammoth Crocs.
Finished the day strong with an incredible songwriting sesh with Anton Peterson. Going to start dedicating myself to music.
Macadabre, please leave :)
plz follow me I know u won't but
Hi! Thanks for the follow! I love The Scorpions!
What was your favorite award reaction at the ?
Burt's be bumpin'
Just watched the latest #madmen show... I get it their trying to make the viewer feel like their growing old. Well played.
It's how I keep up my physique. RT : is that your "go-to" lunch?
sounds like a freak, whats goody?
Weeding flower beds under a holly tree is proof that nature is colluding to take back the planet.
you showed up in the column that says "who to follow" haha
What a great day in Chicago. Heading to the lake front today.
WHEN ARE YOU PLAYING IN ST. LOUIS?!?!?
can't wait for you to come home and help me clean this house or hang out with B.
you make twitter fun again
Thanks for posting -- nice to have a/v of the Sea Organ & Temple of the Sun in Zadar.
At the airport!!
Hello future pediatrician, and welcome. (Will be in/out of the #meded chat tonight)
Difference in vantage points is amazing, but it's true.
"God must love the common man, He made so many of them." Happy Birthday Honest Abe
Class of 1980 we got your back. Return a punt for me.
If you are into quality vidya game coverage and aren't following , you're missing out.
Those majestic trees of yours R 2 blame..just stepped outside here in gov ctr....hole in the clouds..yay....VERY bright moon!
anyone know when next concert will be?x
It's known that Scorpios make great, loyal, intense, trustworthy, funny friends. But @ the same time, we don't NEED friends to be happy.
We want to hear from you....Do you think there will be full NFL season, half NFL season, or no NFL this year??
& we got your taster apps, can you follow us so we can DM you for future events? Thanks!
RT : When we enter new territory, get wisdom from those who have been down the road before.
A ce soir au Living Room!
i def wanna be part of the slide show :)
My man disagrees. RT Besides Mark Barron, I thought Nick Perry was the best choice for GB. Great selection.
so happy that you were able to be there. We will be back - one way or another!
I need to stop because I make it seem like I have No ass whatsoever... I got a lil somethin back there!! Lol
It's 83 degrees.
Happy Monday Folks, Let's Keep WARM Out There!!
Special shoutout to for donating beer to the AIABalt Lecture Series. We are truly grateful to be working with a local brewery!
omg I love the shoutout you gave me in the #outro :))) omg thank you
This is Breck's third trip to the Class 1A title game. The Mustangs have never won a championship.
turned down a chance to meet with the Queen Elizabeth and Duchess Kate to attend a library benefit. What a guy!
I have no nice words for him or his "unnatural beliefs".
The only thing worse than seeing one side of a political argument on twitter is seeing the re-tweets of the other side.
Everyday I ask what time we get out of class knowing dalnnmm well I know when we get out
It needs to be torrential rain, hail and lightning tomorrow.
- watching TV mad at hym rite nah....
happy new year! Comedy cntrl has been playing ur old school stnd up, Hot Pocket!!!! Classic!
Today, lawyers are attacking more; they're attacking everything. A good example is the O.J. Simpson case
Is #Thankful &
On a tour?
We've met several great chiropractors who tried on our shirts and loved them! Bought some for their patients
Come to Houston G!!
love how we coordinate outfits... Even today we are both rockin taupe. You look gorgeous!
I like the new templates...nice work, thanks!
Girl! You are havin a weekend !
how's it going man? Lets catch up sometime
Does anyone want to practice getting Words of knowledge? Join me on skype: Carlos.Bello507
don't forget your lactaid or you will have explosive trots!!!!!
*She thinks I can't go twice in one day. *My treadmill
Given the way things are going in the second half, there's a small chance the Badgers fail to reach 33.
Watching cheerleading competition!!
Will someone wake me up when humans start acting like humans to each other again?
Landed in Vegas 102 degrees time for Iced TEA!
because of storm damage
Prove that lightning isn't wizards fighting. You can't.
Speed and Power = Deadly Combo
- u & Melissa are my new heroes. I've had a pain-based illness 20 yrs & to see you work thru the pain has motivated me so! ty
Hitting up CSULB tomorrow morning for a campus tour :) pretty siked about it ^.^
Ha! That looks fun!
Well, if the Velcro shoe fits.......
That song makes me want to slow dance.
wine and red bull. There should be both in your glove compartment
sup looser text me.!!
Brain Floss: 5,000 years ago people believed worms caused tooth decay.
the lowest form of tweeting.
Bought my plane tickets today - heading to the Honda Classic this week with - going to be a great week!
Giveaway starts on our Facebook page soon...make sure you're a fan so you can see the details!
have a safe flight :) <3
lmao i do have them, i just only had 2 of the numbers
i miss my brother & sisters
Need to find a rental company that will rent cars to 20 try olds -____-
If #B1G was looking, the #AAU schools in this #ACC #BE mess are #Rutgers #NC #Duke #Maryland #GATech #Virginia &
Why are you so hard to avoid.
Shout out to for casting a wonderful crew for Fair Play.
What a comeback by the Nuggets & what an epic chokejob in progress by the Lakers. Kobe needs to take over.
Love the library. Went book hunting for books for The Amazing Read, hosted by PlayBook Tag over at Shelfari. Love reading games.
Utah State softball set for season finale against No. 12 Hawaii Saturday - Deseret News
Let's play good idea bad idea.
Wondering why none of my coworkers ain't at work????????
just ordered mine, and I've been looking for a good deal on quality buds. Thanks!
Greatest show I have ever seen!!!!! The comic con is a comlete success for the Outer Space Men. After 10 years of work to see the action
Malcolm Floyd a very key piece of this offense
as would the image I have of a poster that said 'hypothermia sucks' ;-)
glad to see I'm not the only fan of Girl Scout cookies!
Than* (case in point) RT : is the coolest. He is better at life then me for sure.
Any recommendations for a good (and preferably free) project management software tool with dashboards?
So then what you're saying is it's a political statement for you. Like not shopping at Target?
#letsbringback this street team twitter<3 its been a hot minute! ):
Hud Collins on rejected challenge to CPR: "This was a shocker. I was so sure that this is wrong. I'm still sure it's wrong."
Thank you for the recommended resources!
Advice from writing coach: Read poetry before you write paper/proposal. It activates a diff. part of your brain.
Dawes: make public history intelligible to survivors and surviving families, creating archive is our work
Like health care reform? RT "Energy Will Be Obama's Waterloo"
Don't miss Redamte Coffee House Benefit w/ Juneau, Callback California & more! coming up this Saturday at The Loft!
I'll grab some grub... be there by din!
Back to the grind. Summer is officially over.
#NowPlaying Hey Yo by Brooke Hogan ft Colby O' Donnis
Just when u think it can't get any more intense, it does. The way it keeps one-upping itself is almost artful. Almost.
Four steps to business success - step #4: Influence the friends of your fans
Numerous phone calls today from various BCS schools ..sounds like everyone played well this weekend!! Right back in the gym we go!
having a few parties at Cameo and Liv tonight, come by :)
Ready to co-create prosperity with our newest U2R1 clients building a clothing brand from the ground up and also launching a luxury men's w…
Ok twitter heres a question - do I save the underwear my 3yo outgrew for my 2yo? Only the non- stained ones.
Today's talk event will be held on 4th floor in the same building as NEW CITY ART FAIR.
waffle with chik-fil-a sauce instead of ketchup.
Excited to present with and at the Hoya Innovation Summit on Thursday
the pleasure was mine! #Fiocruz was a definite highlight of the trip, hope to be back soon!
“Get a life!” Ok? But then i would have two, right? o.O
hello bitches, imma tweet like a mudafucka today.
I have a simple philosophy: Fill what's empty. Empty what's full. Scratch where it itches. ~ Alice Roosevelt Longworth
I'm having stuffed porkchop.
Musicalstop.com Supports Indie Artists! :)
please feel better asap! :)
FYI the Pacers have played the 2nd quarter with an all bench lineup. And have outplayed the Heat with Wade and Chalmers on the floor
Yeah we are! Afternoon Dance Party on the Main Mall is happening... ;) See you guys tomorrow!!!
This song sums up about 6 months of my life. Thank you cra cra world for giving me the signs I need to navigate through this life! :$
- Takes 8 position players & multiple pitchers to win in baseball so lets not get caught up with winning
HAHA I miss you like crazy, bro. We are gonna hang out SO HARD
Need notaries. WI GOP will pass bill next week that all sigs must be signed by notary. contact
awesome awesome awesome! Did they figure out the rider's outfit yet?
Can't focus in #class cause I want to see #ghostrider2 so bad. #nicholascage is in the best movies ever! Wish he was in >6 per yr though
I love this store. :) RT : Love hearing things like this! Yay for Mike! :)
:0 read between the lines please!
BOL not baby doll hair. You gonna need a pink slip and a blow up mattress too.
oh, im def excited. But u know, first day back at work :-)
Why are ladies so scared of video cameras in the bed room
Dont sound like it
#MayThe4th be with you!
Can't wait to see it! RT : Writing a press release about 's #ParallelMafia-what a sweet game!
I'd love to get my hands on his "fabric"! I wonder how big his thread count is?? ;)
“Nobody talks of entrepreneurship as survival, but that’s exactly what it is.” Anita Roddick
I know many may not agree but after watching Behind the Music...DMX could have been the next Pac.
El Paso Chile Company cookbook--try the rellenos and pork posole made with Hatch Chilis
That show is pretty good :)
If this spring weather is getting you excited for Browns baseball, "like" this post
Yeah holly how come your not in Indy thought 4 sure that hubby & u would be there
Hey WaSup My People!!! Looking Forward To Seeing Ya'll Soon!!!
Finish It: If I had a time machine I would...
always puts on a show either way. U and the rock really went at it last night Lol
RT : The highest of compliements! RT : I'm only about 4 hours into #icon12, and I've already learned enough to...
Love online archival images if they can navigate. Need more user-friendly sites with better structure & navigation.
Tiara said we are Forsure staying after to pick up the prom tickets then going straight after to get nails done . she sai yeah
oh shit you are past that already? What about the new lab?
Neither, this AM. More concerned with deep pockets dictating promot.content/cheerleading
You can b my cuddy cuddy buddy fosho u can ride wit me girl don't act like u don't already kno
Patience pays, Hopefully this long will too
so sad that cowboys lost :(
I saw the tweets and I thought it was wicked funny
Wow, and I thought our defense had issues.
Thanks for all of the reddit support!
ok deal
yumm is so good!
Ty! when should i put the order in? i need it for a party in July. speaking of party, would love to have u & ur family join us
HEY HEY HEY!!
It isn't like having an eye lash on your eye. It's like having an axe in your eye. Get it?
My bf asked me if I "nest" or "hover". I'm familiar w/ hover but nest is new to me. Hint: you do it in a public place with your pants down.
What an awesome book I'm reading @ Francis Chan.
Begs a couple ?s. 1) Braun's privacy got breached-how? legal? 2) Precedent now set for next hi-profile test?
Tonight shall be a turn-my-phone-off-movie-marathon kind of night.
Please forward the following message to Melinda and her family, and anyone else you think may benefit from it.
How do you celebrate veterans day? I wish them peace and admire their commitment to this great country.
RT : ": what's good cuz. Gone be n the A tomorrow// Word?!! For how long?" <> till Wednesday morning// Bet
Every single creature that gives their life for our table should be treated with respect and class
enjoy opening day, your #Brewers should be good, but this is the Cubs year... maybe.
Key concept highlighted at our Sunday luncheon is: “ Seeing is Believing & Believing is Seeing are the 2 sides of the manifestation coin.”
A little bit of love and a whole lot of lust.
my legs still feel like they're gonna fall off and we've been back at the hotel for 3 hours.....
wonderful meeting you at #mla12! That was a great talk and beautiful explanation of tf-idf scores.
should have specified....I've just read illini fan tweets who are against it. Seems ill. media is dwelling on his 34-30 mac rec
They are stable. Would be better if my work from that client was a little more consistent, but I stay busy otherwise.
Almost time for you Seniors to Graduate and join us in the real world...lol. Class of 2012!
Good luck with Faculty Academy this year. Can't wait to see some pix online esp. the MakerBot room.
Tonight's maintenance: Declaring victory and leaving the field.
I wish to hug you in real life haha
7amm waking up in theeemorninng, gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs. < my schedule tomorrow -_-
Hi to the fam! Hope to see you all next weekend?!
yes i only watch because of him lol
Make up sex is always best ;)
True story RT ": All day CC: RT : PLANT SEEDS"
when's your graduation?
I COULD NOT POSSIBLY AGREE WITH YOU MORE RE: THE FACE PUNCHING
ANNOUNCEMENT: Maguire University 2012 'Traveling Team'. We CANNOT accept a electronic picture for your 2012 ALL ACCESS PASS for New Orleans
Like you came just to visit???
Check out this site:alot of wonderful tips on eating healthier.
Hmm... Honestly, I don't know. (It was also an error by someone who has unfollowed me about 3 times.)
yii “: he eat it right, beat it good, eat that pussy like he should.”
I've been playing on the website, I'm impressed/intrigued. I would be cool with having a Skype convo if anyone is interested??
RT : Congrats to for the call up! Great accomplishments this year so I expected this!
missed ya today homeguuurl! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Even if the tickets for Newyork sold out me & my mom are still gonna go even if we cant go in well stay outside & support!<3
You still open to getting back in NFL & how is your son doing this year?
#LMAO...girl u need 2 cut it out
LET'S GO CLEVELAND.
just wait until he truly develops an outside shooting game. Scary thought
At same old same old lol RT“: lol damn where u been”
This wedding invite's envelope is almost too pretty to open.
Happy Yule!
14th September 1846 - Jang Bahadur and his brothers massacre about 40 members of the Nepalese palace court.
Like that idea!!!
Finally put in my Miche order! Very excited for my B-Day present to myself :)
": oop I see that is was not delivered imma come tomorrow" cuz Wednesday seems to be the new datenight for u.
Don't necessarily cover companies. Blog about social issues biz leaders are sorting through.
Drake is coming to houston and i promised myself to get tickets and i didn't and i hate myself alfhdabhf
OH LAWD, WE'RE SCREWED Y'ALL!
Good news: You're in the club! Bad news: It's not very exclusive. All critical journalists are barred.
It summons your courage! RT : A1: A vocation is a calling...a strong inner message that cannot be ignored.
world of the arts I guess...
followed!! Follow back? ;-)
So i discovered "Discotek"2 weeks ago and it has 445 plays in my ipod! so thank u for that!
Text the words "EPICCHURCH" to 41411 to sign up 4 alerts
I have 2 more episodes of DA to finish this year's season. Already looking forward to season 3!
My bf said our relationship is like Khloe & Lamar lol . That's a good thing c:
I wana come...can I come...lol
fine... I'll sit by another friend!(; haahaha thanks for posting this! I didn't know u posted this til now! And btw I'm sorry!
What do Pete Rose & #Playboy have going on together? WWW.ussportspages.com
elbow you ! <3
Just received confirmation we have a after party to do in SoCal ....... Let's go get this money Brohydez!!!
Back home from yoga laying in the bed listening to
finals start tomorrow! :-)<U+E00E><U+E40F><U+E40B>
#NF Finding new people to Follow <U+30C4>
Oh wow so how was you expecting to... well you know and that's all you can move lmao smh
KNOWING SOMEONE REALLY CARES ABOUT YOU IS A GOOD FEELING!!!
you should follow me ? :*
To add to baby book page of Firsts: son's first time seeing the Dalai Lama
oh my god. Lmfao!
I always thought that tune was missing a lil something
When all else fails try God! He never fail.
Family day at waimea bay! Cheeeee
Could i get a retweet to my softball team big game tonight a retweet will make the beer taste better
Living life is a test, you have the power to overcome anything with determination dont let distractions replace it, live your
way to go man! Last stretch!
happy Birthday Mac Miller<3
The Nikki minage Pepsi commercial is about as bad as the blubbering women Verizon commercial.
welp, time to get my snacks ready
morning!!! Good luck tonight!
Of, CBS Sunday Morning has me in tears... again.
Wow, Buick, Shaq can really act.
Omg girls these days are over there heads!! #calmyoshitdown smh
Seek the friend who's hand helped you and tell them what they mean to you.
Baltimore Museum Of Industry TONIGHT !!!!!! 5 - 9 FOOD TRUCK GATHERING ! 67 degrees , Dinner & MISS TWIST ICE CREAM !!!!!
HUGE life day today. Excited about things to come.
that mall is bigger than all of Morro Bay
if anyone's lying it's You! ;P
How to build your 2012 Digital Marketing Plan, great analysis and insight
Rip Steve Jobs may your legacy live on for generations to come...
Uncle Chuck!
Stay lifted and gifted on this happiest of holidays
Lawd. RT & talkin bout just the tip with their ratchet selves
Goodnight Roger sleep sound, the water will go away its just cleaning all the trash in your way of a good prom!
I have a new book to read - one Beyond Critical, by my old friend Keith Fuller (). Can't wait to get stuck in!
Brazil is now losing 2 zero. Yeah boy!!!!!
Solid food. I'm happy for you. Sushi rocks.
Juicy is back may 4th!!
My 1000th follower will get something special :)
Of course!!
Stupid Boys stealing My phone and getting onto EVERY Account I have. -___-
See World you no good......
#LiesIveToldMyParents to many to say :P
I just auditioned for Ps Casting audition @ castingfrontier
#StyledbyJune on VH1 is a hit and "The Juniverse" online is next! We <3 working with June Ambrose
All we do is pour it up all night drinks out
re Singapore 2 Taipei : May is birthday hell ,so hearing ya'll sucking at Happy Birthday is humbling & relief at teh same time ;-)
thanks!!! Blessings thanks for support :-)
Current temperature at the ballpark is 106...DAMN!!!
Congrats PACKERS!!
Indeed some tracing finding $$ is factor in the bg. ex: Rec.Academy's 501c2 stuck w/ bad real estate deal main ofc
finally got my damn granola bar:)
Yayay just ordered toms :D
Nice to meet you both IP tonight!
I have been thinking about Grange Halls recently, maybe this is an idea that needs to be modernized
I'M SO SORRY. Really. Luv u guyz. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
online help feature returns mostly server error messages today. Virtual chat assistant is useless.
unless, i guess, I'm specifically going for a digital painting effect, but even then my paranoia leads me to work in layers
Latest Emtek Knob Auctions | Emtek Cabinet Hardware
teh mavericks suck
Ha. Good point.
so i'm like re-watching One direction live on SNL and i think Niall is just so adorable
Ask about the vegetarian scotch eggs they sometimes have. Very unexpected.
I like the Avenger trailers so far. Tony Starks is a cool character. Interesting how they compare hi to Da Vinci.
If you couldn't stand with me during my darkest hours, I don't want to see you when the sun is shining.
Made it to work...goofing off w/my manager til its time to clock in..we look so pretty today! ^_^
Yr killin' me w/ this Monsterz quilt! I WANT! They remind me of "They have a pepper bar!" things from Quizno's commercials.
grades up already?
are statisticians the new hipsters of the nerd world? Hipster-ticians vs. brogrammers
Driving on empty:/
u still gt the same number
New E-Book Release - Indian Massacre in Orlando - Available at Smashwords.com
Only death is promised
Looks at these plates on Chopped (Food Ch)!
Still going. My current distance is 3.49 miles. Current song is I Hate Everything About You - Three Days Grace
your mom retweeted me.. I feel like a cool cat. Yep. Cool enough to call myself a cool cat.
Love what I do...doing what I love! Getting great some great shots with doing some amazing transformations wtih hair/makeup
Network sitcom. Started out kinda meh then got retooled. Surprisingly, the retooling actually worked.
GOOD MORNING from the Valley of The Sun .
Agree -- I think it would be more effective as 'news of the day' or 'top stories' or something like that. would educate better.
how old are you? just curious
"Mrs. Mayo's face is a weak mask wearing a helpless, expression of being constantly on the verge of comfortless tears."- BEYOND THE HORIZON
Congratulations Garnet! He is the lucky winner of a new Sonicare Toothbrush for referring a new patient to Madison No Fear Dentistry!
Muchos gracias for all the congrats on my test as well, love you all! *mwah* :D x
huh, I wasn't sure that was actually animal product in my animal-flavored Ramen. Good to know.
Correction... I sat in the wrong seat. Just had a normal cramped turbulent seat on the plane. Oh well... back safe in Chicago.
I am the
Making the playoffs in the NBA means you need to be almost better than average. Congratulations Utah Jazz.
I love Double Jack. Such a solid DIPA that is in the same league as Pliny and Heady.
Happy Saturday! We have some sunnier, warmer weather on the way. I'll have the details this morning from 6-9 a.m. with Debra Gil.
you're welcome! pinterest = love.
104 right under the Americu sign.
ever drive or work 12 hours straight? Your mind is mush...punch drunk. That's what I'm watching now and they're going to vote!
#MahoneToChicago<3 this time im going to make sure i go.
ay I lookd but I couldn't find you,just go add me @ terrell anthony fraklin
pulled over. asked 4 questions. you know why i pulled you over? where's the weed in the car? you play any sports? you ever been in trouble?
Ok! So glad we gave EARTH (mi planeta Tierra) an hour of our life. It's the least we can do. Now let's do more! #EarthHour USA; thanks
LA Ripper and AFSL double feature this Friday LAS Vegas. Las Vegas arts district. Starts @ 7:30- LA Ripper @ 9 pm. LAS VEGAS
$2 drinks tonight! Dj Ajax and $2 drinks!!!!
thanks so much! Is there one or two you guys would recommend highest based on customer satisfaction?
i want a kitten
k be thur in a jiffy
check out !!! RT playing tonight around 7:45 get in the game!
Yeah I'm pretty amazed that the first gen iPad still does most things better than current Android tablets.
Morning all!!!
Great Movie RT : Watching "They Live". It seems awfully topical for a 25-year-old film :/
Happy Veteran's Day! Thank you to all who've served our country.
Voting for and for
Amazing: is talking to with in the room. I am in museum celebrity heaven!
lol! Not at all. Congrats man. That's awesome.
you speake spainsh aw rocsidiaz cute u lol how old are u ? lol love u
ASDFGHJKL; I SHOULD BE THERE. WTF. I MISS TONY FROM TAIB. I GOT IN FREE LAST TIME I SAW THEM. :(((((
Thats a wee bit of an overstatement
Great tranquility of heart is his who cares for neither praise nor blame. ~Thomas à Kempis
how was the run this morning?
Just watched an 18 yr old bowl a 290. Spare in the 1st. I'm asking if he needs an agent.
it takes patience and alot of dealing with fucktards that don't know how to drive Lmfao
": Tomorrow! #SugarBowl #Michigan vs #VirginiaTech! Can't wait!!! #GoBlue"Hail to the Victors!
Good morning world. PC4PC???
girl I'm just tryna to get with you! cause your so damn beautiful! so damn beautiful!
Don't wait until the last second,Schedule back to school eye exams now. Send your kids back with cool glasses! No one wants to be "that kid"
I get 300 on june 1 so I'm definitely getting a pair. Are you getting a pair ?
haha alyssa KILLED me with her comments
Two seconds away from the beach! Too bad I'm just visiting family :(((
My mom yelled at me for not knowing her pin number -____- YOU NEVER TOLD ME NIGGA!!!!
When is a car not a car? When it's turning into a drive way
Can you take Jerry Brown with you too?
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0083>
Which one is correct: (a) "the data wasn't strong enough..." or (b) "the data weren't strong enough..." ???
Not even sleepie
Your welcome =)
R ya serious I just saw a mouse runnin after a cat! xD
that's awesome ! They all deserve it !
If you have a #legal question, call us! We offer #FREE consultations!
agreed, or you just gotta watch some really old ones from the 80's and 90's
I see no problem here.
Oh Auntie ! The Bob Marley Lullaby Album is the bestest! , Hugo and I luv it.
Out with My Boo-Boo , about to get some Wendy's .. I Hate my Class Soo Much, Ik I'm not gonna bee able to sleep tonight cause of that clown.
let's stop talking about it then
me to
All people have equal rights – whether prisoners or not. JDI will not stop fighting.
“: I don't know why my gay boyfriend can't just be my real boyfriend.”
Haha. Best commercial of the night.
damm chocolate wht u got to eat on...im finna come rape ya refridge.
Is there any nail lacquer more lush and fabulous than OPI? We don't think so. Stop by this weekend and pick up a few colors to try out!
I'm in love with Baylors jerseys!!!!
is Guinness paleo?
I remember when you weren't a celeb, and you were hosting open mic's in the hood... How far you've come my friend...
If u were the grass and i was the dew,i'lld fall every night to be next to you <U+2665>
Really enjoying walking around NYC w soundtrack to THE ARTIST playing on shuffle. The visuals magically match the orchestrations.
First , then , now What does this say about me???
Virtual high-five :) Yes YOU!
This is the motto that I usually live by.
It's not too late to donate to Starke County's Relay for Life. Make online donation www.relayforlife.com/starkecountyin - Meagn Hamand
follow back? :)
Giving away Orlando Calling tickets tonight, tune in for your chance to win! - The Valet
I love how the people with the most followers and shit are usually the ugliest lmao
Nice! Enjoy Jen.
What's Up
Did a quick shamanic journey to lessen the pain of my toothache. It worked! The power of intention amazes me.
So. 10 days and no more picnik. ):
Left you a vmail. need to talk immediately.
Are you going to be there? Jk! Looking forward to seeing you guys!
Hope sxsw treated you well the lights will be here when you get back.
- hey friend. I've sent you a couple of emails when I read of Susan and your journey. Know Im thinking if you both!
Back from Boone. Looks like an evening thunderstorm is looming.
LA swag
yeah those fam moments are few and far. Gotta make the best of it when you can.
Love it when the minute you walk in the door at home and work calls bc they need help! I'm taking it as a compliment!
Unscramble this spy word to get the password to #CovertTU! Tell me the word and I'll DM you the password! First word: EGNTA
The #Celtics are about to give me a stroke. How on Earth is this game tied?
Anthony Bennett has eliminated Florida, looks like he won't be winning a NCAA Championship.
Taste is no boundary for royal wedding souvenirs www.tinyurl.com/3dg8jqt
thanks, unique law police used on this, chalk one up for the good guys!..Yala's for everybody, hey talk about good cold pizza
Congratulations! Well deserved.
Thank you for bringing to life my favorite story that brings me to tears every time<3
yeah I'm turning back and forth
Smile – You never know whose life it will change...
lol @ your face.
Sexy Shi boots from , Big Chill motorcycle jacket, beat-up jeans... ready for a night out :-D
OHH um yes girl. I am PUMPEDD!! Can not wait!!!! Only 81 more days!! We can do it!!
I still remember my heart breaking when I discovered Ozzy and Mr. T don't really play WoW. :(
I want my 4,000th tweet to be me taking off from the airplane to Rome. I think I can do it...
I hate it when I’m in the car and I love the song on the radio and someone turns it down to tell me something.”
And the ignorance on Twitter has begun. I'm out.
Touring where serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer hunted his victims? The "historic tour" starts soon. What do you think?
One week until the , so that means 7 crazy busy days to help set up signs and everything for all of our great Runners of Steel!
sounds just as good
is getting ready to go work on the set today with some fabulous actors and an amazing crew! woo-hoo!
I have 69 followers. Nobody else follow me, I am content where I am lol. Anymore followers and I will not be at 69 and laugh anymore.
I'm sure Duke will win but Lehigh is playing tough. Keep it up Lehigh!
Jim Carrey is awesome, but a great example of a celeb who doesn't get social media.
LivingSocial is killin it today: painting class (with wine!), DSLR camera workshop and paintball. Might actually purchase something for once
Those profiles that only tweet depressing love shit <
does a Guest DJ set on picks? Led Zeppelin's Hots On for Nowhere and The Band's Up on Cripple Creek. Listen in.
Still gotta make this bowl
Just joined you guys on FB and sent an email via your website - look forward to connecting soon!
Animals with snouts with moustaches.
RT : "Most people learn how to do their job & they coast. But the only direction you can coast is downhill." (B Tracy)
Got it! Thanks for the response. I'll get back to ya soon and also think it would be great if we could meet up! Have a good Monday
Follow your HEART but take your BRAIN with you.
One day closer to the weekend, make it count!
When performing QA testing on a system, closing a ticket is like opening a little gift.
Good evening, Ms. Meyers. The pleasure is all mine. Enjoying your evening?
S/O TO OUR DUDE.ON THE CLOCK WITH FLOCK.THANKS FOR EVERYTHANG HOMIE
We are live for the #MISLChampionship Series game 2 in Milwaukee. vs
love love love. Plus bottomless coffee and mt. Dew.
hey is your number still the same?
eat , homework , then nap ! im tired a/f !,
:-( I always felt there were something that needed to pop. Last night I decided I might've been trying the wrong leg.
which reminds me, I need to do my membership renewal this week
Jealousy is the worst emotion
Man, my teeth hurt. This is what vanity gets me. At least the retainer seems easier (so far) than braces were.
I still always think about getting one on my waist but I'm not sure enough about it so I probably won't.
Thank YOU for the good tweets!
#museweb 8 hrs at the client today and 9 hrs in transit. Remembered somewhere over VA that I needed to Tweet today.
Hello Seattle! We are open till 5pm this glorious Saturday. Pick up a few paninis and iced coffees to enjoy outdoors. 1st & Stewart
Tomorrow modeling for nelly :-)
A baseball bat I can understand, but an axe? What if you're prone to stubbing your toes?
This weeks's Oakland flavors at Pittsburgh Popcorn Co are: Vanilla Cashew, The Cajun, Zesty Ranch!!!
Seriously though do people that use bengay not know that it smells like shit and everyone in a 30ft radius can smell it
Culture isn't one of the things, it is the ONLY thing. - Jim Senegal, former CEO Costco
your site looks great! Can't wait to see more!
?? "greatest country" - - forget to check #twitter for a few days and #California Republic returns!
I love you Brett Gardner <3
it's gone b special. It's most definitely going on Homework 2
14 days until my concert :) can't believe I'll finally be breathing the same air as my 5 husbands...
Made it to Vegas finally! Now to go bother at work and find some food.
Deep league, Henderson Alverez or Randall Delgado worth a look?
Congrats on opening round #SECSBTOURNEY win over LSU.. On to the semi-finals
Join Co-Author Gerald D. Rogers " Success On God's Terms" in Atlanta this week
Goodnight Twitter....
What are you doing right now? @ at the barbershop getting fuegoed out....check out the page new track BROWaRD COUNTy SWaG
You know your a g when you look at your bank account and the united states deposited money into it. :)
Can't wait to be on this morning! Watch me gaze into 's eyes!! 9:00am!
considering the place i have to be is like hell to me... -_____-
Everyone please go follow please
believe me I try everyday.
..into my life. I can't continue on with my life if you don't continue on with yours, your just haunting me with every message you send me..
#fuuucckkkkkkkk its cool. i mean it was only a present from my dad..i guess i'll break the news to him tonight
should of came to my place an chilled :p i got cerial :] haha
Still traveling after a late start. ETA is too stinking late. Pray for travelers.
Your life is what your thoughts make it.
I feel like everyone I know has or is making a trip to Hawaii this year! Great for their tourism.
#sharkweb Great advice on leading better webinars and addressing shrinking attention spans.
Thank you to everyone who showed me <U+2665> on my bday!!!
"Someday I'll be big enough so you can't hit me And all you're ever gonna be is mean Why you gotta be so mean?" So sick of all the hate. :,(
Now the bitch done put a wig on &nd trying to model; who's going to work with this crazy bitch??
Updated post: only four of us were on time to Zumba. Lots more showed up and we had a cumbia dance party.
Did you hit the whataburger?
Congrats ! Thank you for an amazing effort.
Math STAAR tomorrow :/
... What if my face is already stomped into the ground?
if your not doing anything tonight come to Lounge around 10pm to see our duo set.
What he said. RT When we're texting jokes back and forth, a "Ha!" from me means, "We're done."
Sounds interesting. Seriously <3
I had same problem. Switched to TwitterFon which isn't sexy but works well
Connects in Colombia nd the Dominican, Montana and Sosa-12 packs of dat coca not talking bout da cola.
Make it a great one!
Well I am drunk <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Alliance Meeting looks at what they have been a part of this year, public policy seems to be a huge focus
well, he loved FL! He was such a trooper, but just couldnt take being in his straightjacket er I mean carseat for 5+ hrs straight
Good idea spark standing in grocery store, getting ui flow smooth takes time, trial and error :)
Downfall of the kids not doing Halloween this year (their choice) I am forced to eat a granola bar to satisfy a sweets craving on Nov 4th
really?!?!? Wow. Time flies.
I hope you're feeling better!
Am I the only one who CAN'T STAND the K Zone on ESPN Baseball broadcasts?
Bout to get my East Side King on, but not on the East side.
“: Ferguson, where girls say they are bisexual to make new friends. #SchoolRant”
Call Me Maybe could be the catchiest song ever. I hear it in passing and have it in my head for 2 days.
has an iPhone with a whole apple on it.
both my hair and ankle were messed up that day.
is it good?
Thanks : Congratulations and best wishes to on her wedding! Have fun on ur honeymoon.
Not saying it's the marketing plan I'd come up w/, but love or hate him, Kegasus gets a lot of national ink. I'd argue their ploy is working
RT The mobile workforce continues to rapidly grow with analysts projecting there will be 1.2 billion mobile workers by 2013
Deeply comp and cont. numbrs. invaluable -not just <, >, =. - much like wordstudy.
Smoke Break
never thought I'd see the day...
getting distracted in school thinking of
#iThinkOfYou every single day!! I wanna get u outta my head!! *__*
no i hate you!
leaders. Period.
This is great! bird watching will never be the same.
words can not describe how much I hate the mockingbirds in my yard.
ok lol so wats up sis we should have a twitter where its a total just justin bieber page ill make it you edit it bio pics
Wish me luck on my Maths Exam tomorrow?
Great day so far! Feeling good about what's happening
Rt! U are amaze balls too:)
^_^ did we do this one?
Sailor Moon #2 - Free Download - Tucows Downloads
No! If Kansas wins I take 3rd in my bracket pool and win $40.
Shout out to Asian girls, let the lights dim some...
.: Race plays a political role in inequality - legacy of how segregation was ended has party political effect
My humor pleases you. Most excellent.
m I Love Free Samples
Me too.
Thank God my head and my vision have almost returned to normal. Was seriously alarmed there for a while.
Fruit salad, yummy-yummy
When is #NCAABB going to do away with raised courts? Way too dangerous
I just followed on Y'all should too!!!! Special S/o to
What made me happy today: someone told me I'd opened up a whole new world to them and made them feel smart.
#OneThingIDontLike Broke Bitches!
the one that looks like gordo
"Be the woman a man needs, not the woman who needs a man."
Everywhere you go, go with your heart.
ok fuckin sexy ass bitch
Masterin' delivery of 2nd verse ull hear soon i see some friends in the cyber world are also working on music 2 words for ya... go in!
Literally the only person at the Palace of Fine Arts without a camera.
If on gamedays we actually followed through with what we said we would do, it would be a lot more interesting to watch. #FuckYou,EatShit.
Gunna go grab some food with guy gets hungry! #winning keep supportin
darn always looked forward to that game
followed him
Just met Greg Rucka, and now listening to Summer Glau :) Comicon FTW!
Q; Do you know who Austin Mahone is?
I think the booms are the giant worms like in the movie Tremors
Trivia: True or False only runs soy based ink on it's presses? - 1st correct answer gets 2 tix to 10/10/10
You learn interesting things by reading the 1914 minutes of the Finance Committee of the Malaysia Annual Conference.
yeah I did the same.. Now my head is throbbing.
I cant believe this is happening to me. Eating ice cream and watching movies with my mom.
Someone asked why I didn't want to participate...I didn't respond.
which in turn is the ultimate goal of the NHL is to grow and promote the game of hockey correct?
Need to go to iu for 2 dollar Tuesday this upcoming one.. is it still poppin there during the summer?
I love women in summer dresses
Going on the new spiderman ride! ((: concert tonight! Front row baby!
Great news! Cary Hoffman is performing at the Bryant Park skating rink at 5:30pm! Check out his amazing vocal skills tonight!
Almost smushed a scooter. Not a good idea to change 3 lanes at once in front of the suv w/out looking.
#ItsCrazyHow Your Friends Can Just Turn Their Back On You.
Hey! How did you get that scrolling picture widget at the top of your blog? It's really cool!
they Locked up my brother Loon in Belgium… May God grant him patience and tranquility as he gets through this
You're intoxicating my mind. Feel like a conversational lush. Cause I don't know how much is too much. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A>
Happy Monday! Remember: "All work and no [coffee] makes Jack a dull boy."
Wade stay on the floor
rain will wash away BNPs sins. Yet the resulting mud makes us think dirty thoughts and then we sin again. Resulting in more rain. Andy.
I am not an ornithologist. Your argument is invalid.
yea that's cool with me. Want me to bring anything?
There is no place like hm
I hope I can still meet you at warped. :/
BIG NEWS COMING, STAY TUNED!!!!
Cant wait for the Wiz Khalifa next weekend!!
Don't jinx it! I might actually be done by 11 tonight.
Well, consider them all followed. This is gonna be fun.
The last #ShelsOnSunday track for the summer drops tomorrow. Follow for more details.
Today felt like being shot out of a cannon - shot up high looking good, then realized I don't have a parachute
love that you record Jeopardy!
Got home and put on darj ltd, which is, so far, the WORST FILM EVER
I have a slight obsession with Enrique Iglesias...
Walking away from a conflict may be the smart thing to do, but it sure feels like cowardice. Oh well.
Samsung Intercept Prepaid Android Phone Virgin MobileTechno- android mobile phones
Star-studded courtside game last nite: Larry Ellison, Ted Ginn Jr., Michael Crabtree, Reggie McKenzie. No sign of Hue Jackson.
From responses to my last tweet, it appears no one reads the intro text before a list. That should save writers some time.
fab in another round remix
I went to search about baltimore dirt bikes on google and wow. I thought dirt bikes were bad, but the racism against the riders is worse
haven't been on in a while :) Great day today :) text me? :)
Wishing everyone Happy Holidays and Happy New Year. Here's to a bigger and brighter year in 2012!!
that's great i am excited for you, make sure to shoot me a link when it's up and stuff!
We'd love to be a part of that. Let's get the ball rolling!
Thank YOU :).
RT : Life doesn't get easier, you just get stronger.
Still probably more active than most users. Not sure last time I looked. How do you keep a secret?
": have a happy easter xoxoxo" You too luv
I thought you were 13?
On our way to 'Monongahela' auditions...
I just cried and had an orgasm at José Maya's second show!!! WTF!!!
I swear I'm not a creep. Just giving when due.
my baby looks so beautiful :)
Raspberries are loaded with antioxidants and vitamin C. Yet another reason to opt for some Sugar-Free Berry Tea with your meal.
Wash. Co. CAD....Accident reported in Beaverton on Scholls Ferry Rd. west of Murray...
": QOTD: Use your intuition even if no one agrees. Make decisions your able to live with."
That works!
Thanks! Hope WA Senators can encourage others to protect funding for National and Community Service
Thanks to all that came to for the screening of our film, especially the Adrian R'Mante fans. We WON Audience Choice Award!
i don't know... should have taken some PTO.
A positive attitude may not solve all your problems, but it will annoy enough people to make it worth the effort.
Just seen a white girl with the best ass ever!!!!
I feel ya wats good wit ya
It has been a day all about books and social media. Researching for my paper, setting up a book blog & pinterest, and more. Lots to come.
Finna lose like 10 lbs and be on that broken jaw diet
Lmao.... I so need that thanks
#Workout time
I'm scared to try my scorpian lolipop lol.
: "I am proud to stand with Planned Parenthood, NARAL and many others to support "
OPINION: If you could have a 3 minute shopping spree at any store at Cottonwood Mall, which store and why?
Gotta admit it ! I'm having More Fun than I ever had in anything Ive done ! :) <3
Someone please help me find a reason not to buy this $500 cow painting that i am in love with.
IN DC, which is bad news, but get to host 11AM ET Obama presser with Ron Elving...and since I'm in town...afterwards...Harry Potter!
It happened. The little jerk is barking incessantly too. o_O Neighbor isn't home. This is weird.
Thx! RT : Now for a little #FF: Congrats on branching out and opening your own Massage Studio!
I'm on top like the roof is
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
Follow me on Twitter
Rehearsal with and I love this trio. Now we just need to think of a band name... Ideas?
which ones Ali the blonde haired one or the brown haired one
awe thank you yeah decided to just go or with friends I have a pic of it but I can take another tomorrow :)
reply or DM if you're going to #WOMMA2011 this week. we'd love to meet you!
I can not pull off hats. Lol. Awwh man. :P
Good Night.
derrin fine lol..not as well as you shopping this AM lol
LOL. I've avoided this #Facegram meltdown by not being on Though now I wish I was so could totally freak out!
appreciate it
TO DO's pt 1 - Determine if there will be a coach on staff. If so work with them starting today. Time is very short.
oh okay
The old lady from the salad line??? RT: Grandma >>>> #TeamSouthwood"
Want to be in my music video? Come by the Red Canary www.theredcanarychicago.com 4/13 Dress2impress eat/drink be part of audience shots
ha ha I win ;) your coming! :p
When the lawsuit hit, my 1st tweet was on whether w KO, Granholm, Cenk et al we'd have bouncers at
Glad to hear that the surgery went well. May healing proceed quickly. *hugs*
Word. I'm hittin it at 4 when my roommate gets out of work.
Trying to get my hands on a HP #touchpad People shouldn't be allowed to buy 20 and then sell them for 2x more
was just a 14 year old boy who had a dream. And now look at him two years later, never giving up, he got so far
Keep your car in tip-top shape with today’s deal at DGDG-- $15 for an oil & filter change at 8 dealerships, 7 makes in San Jose Area. http:/
Are you familiar with Acclaro's top ten tips for software #localization? Stay tuned for the countdown.
What up maign?!
great game and great win tonight JB!
Dear E Street Radio on , you complete me.
We do know that no one gets wise enough to really understand the heart of another, though it is the task of our life to try. -L. Erdrich
I had the biggest fever ever yesterday
Hope you had a wonderful dinner yesterday!
Out of 2.9 million results, Classof1855.com was 2nd in Google rank today for a 'classification of 1855' search. Thanks to all for visiting!
They bark for a reason. Fuck animal cruelty.
love it. Big 10 coaches already complaining about Urban, shouldn't they wait till they lose by 30 to complain? lol
can you follow me please im new to this
Shane Bauer and fiancé visit Pine City. Short stay in MN before leaving to visit friends.
There is no pleasure in having nothing to do;the fun is in having lots to do and not doing it.- Mary Wilson Little
O_O boys do cry!
Oh goodie, so instead of ignoring their regular season and playoffs I can now proceed to ignore their labor talks.
Twenty years ago, we had Steve Jobs, Johnny Cash and Bob Hope. Now we have no jobs, no cash, and no hope.
that was a very nice surprise ;)
Hummus can go with anything
Dinner break with 95k. Time to get some food with my lovely lady
oh thanks, you're a doll. (;
Sitting in the pub below my hotel in england, drinking a timothy Taylor bitter. Life is good.
National Record Store Day tomorrow! Going to pick up some White Stripes and other music goodness.
#cablegang n the building we at luckys me my nigga hood my nigga smashed whut up
IA used to have a url submission form. is that still live ?
I've wanted something like the Inkling for 15+ years. Maybe not right away but the temptation will eventually be too great.
Too true! I make the mistake of collaborating with people much bigger than me who are represented by armies.
Hahaha RT : hahaha outchea looking like a cluck from the low end
#ThingsThatYouShouldKnow Police install GPS Trackers on criminals. How does this affect you? They are being monitored 24-7 for your safety.
Love this sub bus driver. He's awesome.
Probably the worst thing about being a penguin is after you're in an argument you'll try to waddle away angrily but still look adorably cute
“: When boys are cute with animals. <U+2665>”
Whatever you do, don't look down. The end of the Internet is a very, very steep drop.
It's been a long time since I've seen a #MLB Manager standing in the 3rd Base Coaching box. But, that's where #MannyActa is.
sent! and right on! those guys are awesome dudes
I know, fantastic. RT “: #TheVoice awesome tony luca version of 99 problems - loved banjo and washboard”
What about a politician who's also a writer?
Had another great Forch on Your Porch last night! Hope you can make it to the next one!
your great!! follow me please? :)
It looks like everyone on the Lakers besides Kobe has a stomach virus.
We love this! RT #IAspireTo be better than I was yesterday.
Every fiber of my being is fighting against me working on my monologues.
RT : Need DJ w/ their own set up that wants 2 work Lady Gaga party 8/19 from 6p-9p. No pay, this is a great opportunity!
“: When I started tweeting about he had 985 votes by himself. He know has 3,322. YOU ALL ARE AWESOME!” Yay!!!
Hate when authors have different price on ebooks on Amazon and B&N. B&N always seems to be higher. I don't buy the book until price match.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F> Thank god somebody did; I can smell the others through their tweets lmao
If some of the people within the government were as savvy and dedicated as some of the terrorists....
GIFboom , Instagram ,& music right now ... perfect.
My Bad Im Bout To Now
"Life is like a glass of beer. Lose your head and you're not much good for anything." ~D.G.
“: " don't be feisty with me hallebo." Such a quiality 2,000 tweet #europeangirlproblems” I'm really glad we shared that
Just put the finishing touches on our workshop for tomorrow's NAEA Museum pre-conference. Can't wait!
yes, during longer runs (15+), your feet spread on impact and swell with heat. Not enough space lead to black toes.
When I start talking to new people one of the first things I say is that I cut because I don't want them to find out later and be repulsed.
i agree!
We are only as young as the night..
Back to the Bucks gm where I saw Gooden do 7 things wrong in 90 seconds. Yeesh.
2 more tests to do then its summer
LOL ok sounds good;) a sleeve gone take like 3 days....
WHATS UP TWITTER WORLD!!
he's been trying to match your supreme coolness for years. opposite, you should consider getting some of those Fly glasses.
Hey Kyle my thoughts are you should shit the hell up....
RT “: Its going down tonight ”
Thanks :D
everybody who's single has a main line .
but thanks for asking me....I really hope we find something soon...lordy...
lol! Sure u can have a bandana:)
Have fun playing in front of family & friends in Texas!
along with and 's new singles
Cafe night tomorrow from 5-7 come check us our going to have some music bumping
At $3.81/gallon, gasoline costs 13 cents less today than it did a year ago.
Its been quiet without me and ?? Is that good or bad?
Now following
No matter how big One Direction get, they will always be the 5 boys on the stairs, making us laugh and being themselves.
Are you getting excited about Thursday night? We are!!! Anything we can do to help this week?
Every week should be #goodbeerweek. Why waste time and money on bad stuff?
24 1/2 hours and I'll be watching The Goonies on the big screen! So very excited.
Earthquake!!! A small one, in sf, ca....just now
I'm hungry.
Have a sweet day! :)
He knows who he is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Finished my essay..it sounds like a 1st grader wrote it but at least it's finished.
earlier today i flushed one hundred bucks down the toilet and five minutes later I got a job at JP Morgan.
RT : "Nurture your family...because they will sustain you for the long hall." Kim Bobo at
Nice run/walk with xx
hi twin!
In place of Jane Bennett's ecstatic, harmonious Whitman, Tim Morton gives us Coleridge's looming darkness.
Done with classes for the week :)
8 days away from a good night's sleep and counting
Thanks Netflix for wasting Thousands of dollars on Qwikster. Good job.
Life is a mixture of sunshine and rain, teardrops and laughter,Just remember, there was never a cloud that the sun couldn't shine through.
huh??? Where??? What u talkinbout Willis?
Aw Lucky looked so nice.
When it comes down to it. The head may run the body, but the heart gets his way.
Expecting to see roaming the Garden rocking an Ersan Ilyasova jersey.
Of course-thanks for thinking of me. I've been doing just quick cartoons on my iPad but will bring the A-game for TTSB!
he got pulled over and led police on a high speed Chase and 1 officer is in critical condition.
LISTEN LISTEN LISTEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Reverbnation.com/knowlegeTwitter:
MOVEius came out to suport -- great dancing, loved the visual effects and creative costumes. White wine was a nice touch.
Ding Dong the Witch is Dead! Which old Witch? The Wicked Witch!
Done with the OJ at point experiment
Thanks Ben. Glad to see another success! Working hard to stay positive and not wear myself out this week.
Goals for the summer :: new car, promotion at the job, and living a better life :-)<U+2665>
Question: How did you first hear about us?
No matter how ugly, lousy or stupid you look, there<U+FFFD>s always a person who wouldn<U+FFFD>t care how you look because they want you to be you.
Well they arent real -- its just made up. A better idea than the execution
Join us at #Domenicos Pizza and (Glendora) from 5-8pm tonight! Great music + food to support Jimmy and Celestes' adoption!
Got to speak with the ladies of SCT at the Roland Park Woman's Club after a great breakfast at Miss Shirley's.
Love the ears! So cute!
Good news: the majority of small businesses understand biz process, Bad news: how many use paper/spreadsheet to track biz perf
Are you going to ASA?
you haven't tweeted in 15 hours! lol, what's up?
Proud of myself for not washing my car before it rained.
I can't wait to deal Hanny at the deadline.
Congratulations to new NFL Hall Of Fame inductee Richard Dent. Took a while, but Dent finally became the 27th Chicago Bear in the Hall.
Out of nowhere I just got this feeling, this urge to get a tattoo right now.
Yeah, its draft day! Of course im wearing my Bengals hat!
Life isn't about fantasies, its about realities.
is it out yet?
you've got the type of poison wrong... It will be peach schnapps.... or mint.
Haha, give me a reason to build a Spring trip out to see you!
Any one struggling with gout connect with me
We love you!
#ThatOneEx that only gives u drama when they hear u moved on ;) lmao
I've been listening to 94 hours (As I Lay Dying) for about that long.
One thing for sure, he not leaving!
I dont have any, but I've heard good things about in the blood in S.Side
This Plane , is still my song. lol
don't agree, sorry. Stone makes tasty food.
Sometimes I wish I could disappear, without saying anything to anyone. Maybe one day I will.
Everyone in the pic is laughing because Pacquaio didnt know which one was Bradley!
May have totaled the Fusion tonight. If anyone wants to drive me around for the next few days, I'm taking applications
i think my dog just walked into my room, farted and then left... erm..
Just watched the Temple Grandin movie.. It was amazing! Definitely a must see!
Thank you for the solid #FF again.
:/ I GAVE UP CUZ THEY NEVER GUNNA FOLLOW ME OR RT ME :/
that ball was crushed!!!! Hopefully Cespedes can do that more often this season.
Sir If you have a minute please RT this so others can follow the bird to FMG TV in the twitter building for your new TV show. lmao TV
it really sucks that you are just begging your grown up life and it had to be like this:/ I'm here for ya
Hey sup dawg!
I still LOVING YOU...!
Working on #SouthGA today...who knows some playmakers for your boy and the #Cats!?
My dad just gave me his old phone after he got an iPhone 4s... its a Droid Incredible.... Sound familiar?
Watching a different type of art on t.v. #InkMaster is a pretty intense show. Love it!
He that would have fruit must climb the tree. -Thomas Fuller
Hey it was off the top of my head! :)
ugghhh...One Direction? NO WAY! I'm def the N'Sync or Backstreet Boys girl #90'sAreAllThat
what up?
The State Farm Fan Cam Commercial has to be the best commercial on TV
At same time, for such small amt ($1.7B), it wud be a shame to lose. My guess is it is unconstitutional anyways - read Prop 22.
#EDUCATION "Does education humanize us? Sometimes, but not nearly often enough." Parker Palmer
Because I'm the boss and I said so!
That's hilarious! What store was it? Hooray for happy accidents!
thank you!!!
so done with school work
how dare you question me first of all. And why the fuck would you believe me in the first place?! lolol
Learning the power of social media at #Gidomer sales conference!
Up early to make oatmeal the long way and read Emily Dickinson.
GOING NOWW BYE. :)
u too! Hope u r having fun
Thanks for the inspirational articles/blogs you do for writers. You're definitely a good follow.
#iCantStandWhen Somebody rushes me ..can you wait for ONE minute!?
RT "#Aquarius people are born reformers who aspire to change the world to make it a better place to live in."
I have
If you like me,just tell me please.
thanks for checkin out last night at !
I had the white & red ones in 8th grade. Loved those shoes.
I'm reading some funny quotes on twitter and spidey is knocked out for the night :)
Watching Good Night & Good Luck for class and thinking how weird would it be if news anchors still smoked cigarettes during the newscast?
oh my home away from home. When are you going?
“: In Cleveland watching this Saints 49ers game with Big Cuz Rob J And Halo #MOTHUG” stop in Northfield
Jamba oatmeal is so god. It tastes like pie.
I might, what type of job u looking for?
The Archives Fair and Lecture Series has been a huge success! Thanks to all those that attended.
#ihavenotolerance for people who only see the world through the pigmentation of skin.
Ten thought provoking quotes from Steve Jobs; new concept to me... a Beginners Mind from Zen Buddhism. Captures my framework for Digital
Just remembered I'm scared of planes
No bottle water -____-
You're welcome.
What goin on how is your holiday goin? tour
i see you guys liked my #DefiningMoment tweet but did i win?
Also this afternoon, Dr. Donald Currie, pediatric rehabilitationist, testified to baby Ava's longterm prognosis...
Awesome amazing experience at #NFLDraft tonight
I've come to the conclusion that I'm a vampire. I sleep during the day, I cross my arms while I sleep, and I love garlic bread. Oh wait..
happy mother's day to my mommy! we had a wonderful time together! i so love her!!! muah!!!
Alas, yesterday's severe thunderstorm has affected my sensibilities. I can see the future five days hence.
Jesus I'll serve you in Spirit and in Truth
Omg its late FMYLYFE i have a performance tomorrow. Imma read to fall asleep
District championship tonight, leggo DC!
This heat is killin me...gotta go shopping for some summer clothes
“: I wish that gas prices we're the same as my GPA.” not me. I'd be paying more than I already am since I'm a genius.
My brand NEW tune 'Living Famously In L.A' is available on iTunes! It`s going 2 be my fourth song of my upcoming album!
That reminds me, gotta get to my Blitz Talk proposal.
Dont wanna face the world today
Your son is lucky to have you. Unfortunately there are kids who don't have parents to feel concerned for them. Glad he is okay
"In bizness you either STAND OUT or blend in."
ikr? and it would be even funnier if phil lawrence was on the show too
mmhhhmm , you must be on some type of medication
Check out the new Machete trailer on youtube.com updated. Machete premeirs Sept.3rd.
i wonder what the hell she want???
haha I did see that. Whenever I do that I always dive...then fumble on the landing. Losing in OT
My parents are sun tanning somewhere fancy. My dad said he really liked that "tanning mom" look..just kidding.
I'm on a journey alright
Japan will be entirely without nuclear power in May after Hokkaido reactor shutdown for maintenance. Proof it is possible!
Don't worry I will, I'm starting a new one too at peoples request. It'll be up probably today. Talk to you soon! =)
I'm predicting a call at the Ralph's on Lincoln soon. A crazy man has arrived.
Good advice. I'm putting together my portfolio... I have so much!
i <3 summer now dont leave!
We stopped him. Our defense is REAL.
I'm through accepting limits cuz someone says they're so.
Thx for all of your helpful advice at #CCNLC. The is pretty skilled at social media but still learned so much!
Drake did not performed at the grammys he would if kiiled it
do something that u love to do in life and u'll feel better bout ur self...
Dead cells in the body ultimately go to the kidneys for excretion
I agree. Gin and extra olive juice please
We concur RT : So I see Animal Collective is still a thing. That's too bad.
in bed with fever. lameness.
We enjoyed hearing speak yesterday at #WMP2012! We are all in the same fight!
I feel the urgent need to tell Zayn how much I love him right now.
the puppy on #modernfamily is adorable, and has such great comedic timing!
what was wrong? Iove you....
lol I'm checking back every couple hours just to see what else he's gonna say!
Our goal is to provide you with the best "exbeerience" possible! Post your ideas on how we can improve our food for 2012.
You know your gonna miss my kiss
It's a rare evening when the New Jersey Nets are the biggest story in sports.
If you would like to join a committee at RAA (gallery, programming, building, etc) Just let us know! We always need volunteers/decisionmkrs.
I found this club in NY that has a Smirhs night. But you have to get bottle service. Douchy bottle service and te Smiths don't really match.
Crossing my fingers for you. I hope you're not in a driving town.
#Lardo pmixologists need to discover persimmon. spicy, sweet - perfect for cocktails
Tell her you already hired a landscaper (Okay, that was horrible-- my roommate is named Jesus & I had to get my daily dig)
my house is freezing. bring me that hot chocolate right meow.
jk that's mean.
Hans ordered them - but it's probably a few weeks before they arrive. :(
: A leadoff solo HR to right centerfield by Michael Davis puts Eastern back up 3-1 on St. Xavier in the B3.
i am
hi brooks how r u
HAHAHAHA thats what were being for halloween!
Much thanks to my new followers! it is appreciated! (^_^)
Brad Rains at #NARM2012 said: Atlantic looks to partner with an artist to make a brand.
Baby Giraffe Chases Butterfly at Bronx Zoo A female Baringo giraffe calf at the Bronx Zoo was enjoying the warm New York weather over the
Nice! Ford is on the upswing...quality products coming out!
Yes! Are you from the area?
Sparkle sparkle
Most of his sketchbooks, drawings have been digitized, too. (scroll to near bottom of finding aid for images)
Looks like it's either teaching or nothing next semester, so I've begun plotting how to persuade prof to let me incorporate technology.
good use of "you're." And I've never, ever been sarcastic
#QuestionoftheDay: If you have visited other #campuses, would you recommend others do the same to get a new perspective?
Seriously? Wasting beer? Smh... RT I know fans can get passionate, but throwing a beer, or anything, at an ump? Really?
<U+FFFD>Any idea, plan, or purpose may be placed in the mind through repetition of thought
well my friend and I haven't got the tickets yet but I think we are. Hope you have fun!
Bah, you suck.
Now I know that Twitter is forever - since I came here first to find out if the rumor about Michael Jackson is true. But I cannot find out.
iWish Will Follow Me on Instgram Like OMG OMG He SEXAAAYYY Follow me ( TheOfficialCc ]
RT : Scotts Branch High School is a rural high school joining the #newtechnetwork through i3 grant
All pray for his safety
Motorcycle is bucket list. Driving a motorcycle off a dock on a lake is f*ck it list. :P
thank u Pastor I'll be sitting in front today with blue checkered shirt for Security. Thank u Sir!
Nope not all Are restored because we've lost power for 45+ minutes...when are we going to get #power back?!
safe travels Soror!
Send us your pictures from Halloween and Dia De Los Muertos!
A dance studio in your housee?
That was the quickest 22-1 run in history!!!
alright well thank you. I have to goto bed now. I'll talk to you tomorrow?
Your new single #SAYSOMETHING is AMAZING!!<U+30C4> I'm soo #Proud of you!! You came soo far!! I love you soo much!!<3
i give people advice, but they never take it..... why tho?
Stupid E-mail -__-
where does that stat come from?
Tick Tock Tick Tock patiently...er (attempting to be at least) waiting for the West Coast #ProjectRunway episode to air!
he WAS hood as fuck...mans making child movies now
Success for #leadership is . . . knowing the great art of directing others without their noticing it. Anonymous
like, dorry. but you should quit. nobody eants you to die..
i wanna see them when u get through
I'm not working there all summer...
you're dillusional.. R u a pimp or a teacher? R u a stripper or a rapper? R u a prostitute or a minister?...
Me and are writing a song right now for ! How epic?
Ahh, thats right, I remember now... thanks for clearing that up for me.
Bruh I think I loss 10 dollars @ old navy at the collierville Mall tryen to get some Nike Socks
So that was your evil twin over on The Facebook talking (sarcastically?) about your "deep, sensual voice" then?
What!? Raw will permanently Be 3 hours!?
Brad Mills is using his closer in a tie game on the road. I want to cry this makes me so happy.
You must live life grabbing the bull by the horns but wear a lot of padding.
Never got your mailing address, dude. Make sure to email or DM it to me because I'm sending them out soon.
I think it's time to start working out again(:
Chris Paul says high (-: RT : Game 1 tonight!
How can we ensure that every child has an equal opportunity for healthy growth & development
love your passion, bro.
The ad says at participating locations from 4-7 in commemorative cup. So i'm guessing there's a special smaller cup. lol.
Casting FEMALE, SINGER/DANCER, BLONDE, WHITE, FIT, AVERAGE HEIGHT, TOUR CHINA IN MAY, PAID,
Loving the weather!
JUNE 1ST SNOW WHITE & THE HUNTSMEN!! JULY 20th NEW BATMAN MOVIE > sad but true #Bane was always my favorite.
#Health #Tip: Eating for better vision? Feast ur eyes on leafy greens, which contain antioxidants that help preserve ur retinas!
Remarkable RT : Hard to imagine anything more depressing than TSA getting $4B more than NASA.
I just called Fuji-Ya Uptown and they said #9 roll isn't $9 tonight. Is this true?
My internal dialogue all day has been me going "hi my name is ___ and I ____" in a very sarcastic tone.
Good look on the follow and you've officially
Chipley girls are obviously a hell of alot classier than Vernon girls.
Im so hungry but im so shy to get food since idk anyone here.......
I got you to follow me last following spree<U+2764> (: now I just wish you'd #TweetME ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
I felt the same when I discovered it on my desk left as a "gift" from a hardworking weeder.
I was glad as fuck when I landed but sad at the same time
If you hate paying taxes... RT
Enjoying #TCR12- had a great audience for my #omeka presentation
Does the FBI need to know what books I checked out from my local library? #CongressTMI Stop
I love my momma
-Two years ago you gave me a hot tip on Phillippe's- I have been back oodles of times and just wanted to say thanks Steve, KK
potentially shortened from its description as "that noxious weed"?
Visited my doctor today for a regular exam. Everything's good.
sometimes i work on really crazy things that i just cant talk to anyone about. drives me crazy.
Congrats hun on Usher's new single "Let Me See" !!! Proud of you!!!:-) :-)
Just wrote my first ever video treatment. A lot of work for a 2 minute video. But so worth it. & : Get ready.
only way to maintain govt jobs right now is to increase revenue, which has to be sent to voters, which will be shot down.
My timeline is filled with ppl taking about Justin being slimed -.- wtf where are the directioner's?!?
Try the L'Albatros “Cheese of the Month” club, featuring 3 seasonal cheeses, descriptions & tasting notes each month. Call 216.791.7880.
#MayDay rallies are getting under way on the West Coast. Watch our coverage with , and on
I can't stop staring out the window
how is that "black", terrorist?
I can't believe this happened... I feel horrible. But she couldn't rest in a more beautiful place... :'(
Lycanthrope Studios is the imaging wing of the Mad Forrest. Using professional grade equipment to provide smaller brands with an inexpensi…
At times my nigga makes the game so hard but it can be so easy if he is aggressive like that all the time.
Shoutout to the new followers xP
Wearing excessively tight braids that pulls the hair or impede circulation over time can lead to permanent hair loss.
not working bahah "and error occured" UGH
Gl more exciting than listening to the IRS
Watching lectures free on iTunesU almost feels like stealing education :). Thanks for the open class lectures
Kindred spirits, for sure! Thanks #ideation12 for "linking" us. ;^)
Suite 334 is available for lease!!! It's beautiful and move in ready! Call RBP today to make your appointment to see it!
Going to make this day better by eating Spongebob mac and cheese and dyeing my hair. #PMA don't fail me.
you too!
A&A welcomes another new member to the celeb advisory board! Please welcome actor, singer, director Please follow him!
shin is now dented from softball. Awesome.
How important is privacy to you when using a social network?
isn't a Spurs party called Fiesta?
Can't wait to hang on the playa down here in Miami - Beach Body!!!
I think I have posted just about every Super Bowl Commercial for 2012. Any that I am missing?
Got heat in the eye with bottle on the bus -__-
Tonight Florida's most honored community theater RUMORS by Neil Simon
Here's wishing you big tail-wind!!
Sad day--my Great Uncle passed away. He lived a wonderful fulfilling life of 100 years. <3 He will greatly be missed!!!!
l&o: svu is my favorite show.
so tired. not even gonna try and sleep though.
I was just mentioned on in "Have your say with Jay!" Fun!
That's like sending a surgeon to put on a Band-Aid What nerd wants to come over & help me fix my computer? ?
Platform neutrality for mobile wallets - the new "network neutrality" policy issue for e-transactions
Bears beastin already fuck you mean touchdown bears boy
Unbridled Enthusiasm, Dennis Castro, Kenny Rogers Roasted
So excited to shoot tomorrow in Baja!
Giants win!
Today's #FF will display local tweeps:
"Driven" the mixtape drops May 18th!!!
there's "gentlemen" in skc?!?
I just remembered that the Firestick Guy came to our rummage on Saturday and his wife wouldn't let him buy any swords.
Dieting is easy when you have a mom who cooks healthy dinners and nutrisystem to supplement the rest. :)
Back 2 another week of consisted work !!! I hope will do better this week !!!
Today is a good day: Cubs at 1:20, Bulls at 7, Hawks at 9, all with a high of 58 and Sunny
ANSWER FOLLOW ME PLISSSSSSSSS!
Tattoos will be starting at $20 today!! Don't miss out!! (216) 673 - 1550
O lord
Thanks to all who came out to meet author Katherine Ann Meyer at Barnes & Noble in Rockford on Saturday! It was a sold-out success!
There are days when I believe VRM will break free, and days when I don't. Today, I believe :)
check out our productivity app for the iPad for lawyers www.MobileTranscript.com
movie time first, then sleep time
49ers are going down like a $10 hooker haha
#shitthatpissesmeoff when people answer my question with a single letter.. Wtf do you think I am a sidekick?
My new sound card i am getting for my laptop will have a remote with it when I get it tomorrow LOL
No. Also, please email me w any registration questions. Thank you!
M, homemade meatballs w a homemade marinara, and a few slices of Pecorino Romano...heaven
#20ThingsAboutMe ; I'm SO insecure. I feel like I'll never be pretty enoughh.
out it on your neck...lol
Saturn moves into #libra today for a two year stay. Manners, protocol, and fair negotiating are on the agenda.
Oh well, I thought Kirkpatrick would have looked better in a purple. Ok
studio was great! always fun being around the people that love you the most<3
1st Winning Pick - #NFL Week 12..Raiders/Cowboys..#Take_The_Over (40)...National stage helps Dallas jump-start O..#Happy Thanksgiving
I know! it's totally bogus.
Buying Domain Names Explained Simply
I love how easily I tan(;
I don't gotta tag team, I can handle her single
I can't remember -.-
Haven't smiled this much because of someone in a long time .
Earth day heck yea!!
May the good Lord be with me for this last final.... <U+E404><U+E41D>
hi there!! You should get a profile pic, otherwise people will think your twitter page is fake/spam. Just trying to help ya :)
This is what I mean. Smh
No RT : you at home?
land ho! In NYC now that boat days are behind me. How's you?
Go team!
Sign of the times: I saw a pic from boxing match and thought it was a still image from a video game.
Saw #thehungergames over the weekend. Loved it! What did you think? I've never read the books, but it makes me want to.
and the scammer created an event and everything... But Baltimore Soundstage knew nothing about it....
#IfITellYou that you have an amazing rack, would you hold it against me?
hope you all enjoyed it!
cant wait til the new angry birds christmas comes out!:)
Attempts to meet with homeless man to find a pregnant homeless woman who we're helping get ID. It's not easy when HP have no place to live.
A taste of the tropics, bathed in chocolate. Yummy ½ lb. milk choc candy bars loaded w/ papaya, coconut, pineapple, macadamia nuts, $10.
Yup, we've had a bunch of old LS members come back and they are up to speed for the most part.
What would you do if your idea/company was bought for 1 billion dollars.
I am God! haha ok um not really but I believe in him.
you know it! I'm way too excited!
arnoldlatt209 Thanks for the follow!
Stretch! Getting ready to pack ourselves full of new ideas & journalistic knowledge at day 2 of the National HS Journalism Conv. in Seattle.
Help support Fellow Alum 's new film L!FE HAPPENS at an near you.
Without u, ur spouse will not become the person that God intends & His Kingdom will not advance as it is meant.-John Eldredge
Big weekend- so let's turn this mF upside down!!!!!!! S/O 1luv!!
Hopefully Johnny Cueto can 'kick' start the
Took a 2 hour nap now it's time to get back to this money
I seen that Nickelodeon is bringing back Figure It Out. Thank you for bringing back and ruining my favorite 90's show.
lol his bro is so annoying
Only 23 more days until the 2010 Central California Auto Show Check out the Ford Ride and Drive on Saturday and Sunday!
#ilovemymombecause i've watched her accomplish any and every goal that she's set throughout my entire life
so guess its ma naptime
hey i changed my name from to
that's the point lol
Having a good time at this Kobalt writers round in Nashville, these guys are legit!
10 minutes ago I was starving. Now I'm not!
Happy mothers day to my momma my grandma my aunts my Comadre my cousins my milfs my babymommas god bless
This one is my fault...I texted the words no-hitter right before this inning...
We talk #packers with NOW! SportsRadio
best match I ever saw you in was a dark match vs Undertaker when you busted out some old school Hulk Hogan moves ! Classic !
how much is he?!? I love his stuff
count me all-in as well EZ, that was classic
Fresh Consulting crossed 12,000 fans on Facebook today - thank you everyone for walking with us on this journey!
A few people get a crappy genetic roll of the dice, 4 everyone else, U control what direction your health takes..Your choices-your results
Preach it! RT : Hate cunts that judge you before they get to know you
That said, sometimes I take pictures of people, but it's not "street photography."
“You and I both know I’m a phenomenal dancer!”- Author Unknown
I'm not there very often these days... but I've been there before! :) Best way to celebrate.
Alas, no. A couple of dishes are part of the popup preview & we're putting the finishing touches on everything else ...
I love
2012 will be the best year yet because our daughter will be born in January! So, in advance, you're welcome. :)
Magnetic energy oxidizing/corroding copper surfaces with no energy input? See pictures on .Any comments? theories?
Just scheduled an appointment with to go over my resume! Super excited to begin applying for jobs.
Texted & tweeted saying goodmorning to my boyfriend cause ya know, yolo.
A little late to this but...anyone else think Adele was not good at the Grammy's? Or at least not Adele-good? Pitch and support issues.
- That's outrageous. If so, I'll ask to speak to Holly's boss.
The #LinkedIn guy on #DigiMe panel doesn't use #Twitter and is indifferent about #Facebook. Wonder how he feels about MySpace?
No prob Thanks Them C&P letterpresses got around. Probably find the big hunks of metal all over Canada too!
We hope you learned your lesson :)
oooppps im sorry thanks for the right name though.
I've never had the conversation with them but I think its fairly obvious that neither of my dogs believe in God or an afterlife.
LOL - Thanks! I'll call up to HQ and complain for sure. Just not now, b/c I'm too mad.
Oh you're too busy with that guy who's in your apt. Shut your blinds. Gezz.
Just passed 150 registrations looking to be at 200 by the end of the week. Don't forget the Early Bird rate runs only to January 31st 2011.
S/o to all the (Artist) who work hard for there fan base and views...(boo) to the artist buying (YOU TUBE VIEWS) that's "FAKE" I AM HIP HOP
Who's ready to #WIN? We will be emailing winners from our latest promo shortly!
aw shucks, I'm blushing ;) <33
It feels and looks like its February outside...I'll pass.
Seems like a lot of us had insomnia last night & are up early, what is with that?
thanks for the tweet of belief via Klout - We heart you!
Just saying no pressure...
points are dictated by our stats team if they award a goal/assist then it flows directly into the game note 2nd asts dont count
RT Wow, wow, wow. Its definitely time to take a new look at Centra, now Saba Meeting. Impressive.
RT Don't get confused between my personality & my attitude. My personality is who I am, my attitude depends on who you are.
Yum! As in Chicken & Waffles? RT : Maxines!
Yes, perfectly safe!
#wcphilly #day2 About to get started here at the Philadelphia Center for Architecture for WordCamp Philly Dev Day.
how old were you? I was 5.
I literally exploded for the next three days after eating B's beans, LOL!!! We scarfed that shit down, yo!
Great set tonight..You killed it tonight @ Sevilla in Long Beach
“: *fluffs pillow* and goes to bed...” ditto! G'night all!!
It shows James pays attention to what people think of him. He knows he's hated & it hurts him. Entitlement. Ha.
thanks bro !
This health fair is today!!!
hm, :) it'd be nice to go after having blood drawn for a second week in a row
'sup G
I don't know?? Somethin diffrent idk random": what are u talking about? :s"
another workout session wit sissy 2day
me + long nights + a nice tan + sleeping in + tanning + shopping + no school + my boyfriend = summer. Summer = happy mood. <3333
The monster in Big Trouble in Little China looks like he could have played in the chuck e cheese band
Still looking for a new guitarist... Anyone? Anyone?
i think i Voted 100 Times for you! Im sure you will win the biggest Fans ema because we beliebers are the Best !!!! ily e
Gotta Get this beard trimmed up for this National Honor Society program...
Thank you everyone, for supporting the Salty Caramels!
Can't have enough advertisement. Email, web, soon tweet ads for DeafDigest
I like the greenmoms
hope u get better soon:-)
Beginning May 1, Library summer hours are: Monday through Thursday 2pm - 7pm Friday 2pm - 6pm
4:20. You know what that means...I overslept and missed work by seven hours and twenty minutes.
Watching . Santos says that semen in the eye burns. He is correct.
we need to hang-a-lang soon! I haven't seen you in ages. Hope all is well with you bud!
Did anything come todaY?
phone and facebook gone-__-
Holy jesus the were playing wmyb on the today show!!!……… i was just fangirling/screaming/singing!!
Just had a bowl of 1/2 tiramisu and 1/2 pistachio from gelato. Wow, that stuff is amazing!!!
So send him somewhere else he'll be unhappy? That's a nice gesture.
I'll check out your words as long as you check out christ words.....
If that's your flavor try The Ritz or Esso too
Omfg. Im laughing so hard. You have officially just become my favorite person of all time
I think you meant bawled, dear. Wouldn't be so petty in your time of sorrow except the other spelling has such a dif meaning.
#SM hello - I'm a fellow #writer and love your work
IT'S GAMEDAYYYY :) CINCO DE SPORTING
Thanks & for the well wishes!! Neurologist is happy and Mom's headed home to sleep the day away. She's one tough cookie!
It was packed last night!
So great finally catching up with , so proud of you babe ! <3
Download InSpotter app free tonight on your Android & iPhone
Email from grandpa: I hear your mom is opening a branch library. Me: Rule of library--people who make fun of book hoarding don't get cards.
Listening to the packed game on Sirius is not the same as watching it. Need. To. Get. Home.
“: From now on I am going to be haunted by this question: will the ketchup kids go for it?”
Hahaha sorry, my phone was used to typing in Flyers. ;)
looking forward 2 seeing u @ EO #glcbc! I was glad 2 hear ur speaking here in addition to ! I'll make sure 2 say hi.
Ricardo why are we not friends?! You're fricken hilarious!
#PlansForTheSummer GAY BAR WITH MY STRAIGHT FEMALE ENGLISH TEACHER. Lmfao.
Only ice on the front side of winter park but Mary Jane is open!
The presidency is temporary-but the family is permanent.
#truelife marathon... totally productive Sunday
bravo! We appreciate the gratitude and wonderful compliments! Hope to see you again soon! :)
Time to EAT
How did Gotti on @ Celebrity Apprentice change her hair and clothes so quick?!
Welcome to the lightfighter club.
School tomorrow :/
glad I wasn't the only person that saw that.
Great Ryan Braun discussion going on radio show.
Awesome! I wish I could see that.
Only 14 More Days . Kinda Excited . :)
I feel as though I need to do something special today to celebrate the extra 24 hours - thoughts?
Nov 5th Superstar Saturdays is back!! Put it on your calendars u kno how we do if it ain't maja we dnt do it.
The "no punk category in the Gazette best of OKC" discussion continues...Will there ever be justice for punk??
Please follow and if u don't ur missing on alot of cuteness :-)
Tell Us The Good News Already Boy You're Killing Us!!! Follow? <3
HE'S MY BUTTERFLY SUGAR BABY
If he can make a good sandwich then he's a keeper ;)
Yeah I find that my best friend is cooler than E.T cause he's ugly and she isn't and E.T is a bit scary :S :D<33
Be careful; winter is coming.
LOL now that sounds tasty!
send ur air checks to
#thingsthatdontmakesense - why im not getting on standgrand .com -___-
nifty. adding to my calendar as well.
Watching George documentary. So far so good.
country music is good. peopple hate it but it all has the same meaning. I personally love it
I have a taste for a subway sandwhich :) yumm yum
15days <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> RT : when is coming down ??
lol! Yes!!! I can't tell you how many times I accidentally tweeted from lol
we have not. the focus is using in a specific country or even region in the country. More about localized planning
Monitoring election in Macon County....very TIGHT races...oh the suspense
need advice snake bites or nose pierceing give me your opinion
Thanks to Pres Obama & the #ACA, 2.5 mil additional young adults have peace of mind knowing they enjoy health insurance coverage
Let me just vomit real quick. >_>
"If there is to be an ecologically sound society, it will have to come the grass roots up, not from the top down."
Us please!<3
Going to get some fro yo with natalie((: ill be driving so wish us luck!
I'm great. Just grinding. How about u?
“: “: I'll be getting my daily exercise by running from the cops. #FridayNight” ” fail
is a true blessing to SWAG on! But we'll miss our 2011 "celebrity" judges
Thank you! RT : Had another amazing experience today it's no wonder they're in the new issue of
You know it!
Home again. Now it's time to give the rest of this Spring Break over to homework.
it's hard.
I love my dogs.
Iran so far away
I love the hustle.
One of our favorite brands, is on sale at today! Get out your credit cards....
I AM EMPOWERED Award For Housing presented to Congresswoman Karen Bass (D-CA).
Sorry but #telljimmy sucks. What a tool. I have no idea who this guy thinks he is to tell anyone about what sounds good. He's 800 yrs old.
SMG don't pick Jose!!
I like! :D
#FF When you need #power tips, check out and
Need to hit the Greek Festival today first!
Where did you order from? I wish I could play. Looks like a fun co-op game and I missed the train for past Diablo games.
#FF mon cher "Nor did I wonder at the lily's white, Nor praise the deep vermilion in the rose..."
Kentucky whines so much. Think they should get every call.
Nice beautiful Saturday morning thank the lord for letting me see another day got the playoff 12"s now time for a power nap
James from Gorst Valley Hops said every oz of the new Newport hop variety grown E of the Mississippi was brewed into Common Thread.
MU - learn how to shoot free throws already!!! For crying out loud, this is college
By direct comparison the big guerilla in streaming is Netflix that made a whopping 41 million of revenue on 800mil in sales.
Trying to sell my golf clubs... Lol it would prolly help if people I hang around with would actually play golf fml
the maestro says it's Mozart, but it sounds like bubblegum
Probably a good idea. You caught me drinking iced coffee.
walking across the williamsburg bridge on skateboard day. i was almost ran over by 4 skaters, i should get a board!
Not a bad deal haha
good morning thanks for the follow :-)
RT One of my dad's old friends, Gavin Smith has been missing since May 1st. Please pray for him and his family.
Yes indeed... more often than not, actually. RT : Remember that silence is sometimes the best answer. ~ Dalai Lama
Prom exceeded my expectations last year, and I think it will again this year. Especially since I've got the best date ever :)
I should prob be getting to sleep
Glad to know that even on "music's biggest night" the mute button still comes in handy.
it's a new speciality on BOUCHON'S menu!
Looking for a #merchandiser #buying #retail #corporate #job position. I'm flexible traveling
thank you! the more apartments the marrier.
Thanks for the impromptu class last night and please put it on my tab :)
Eventually, we'll be introducing our Spiced Apple Pie frozen yogurt ... assuming I don't eat every bit of it when it arrives. Which I may.
i am cant wait
Is it possible to work in a place where everyone contributes their full intellectual capacity? What would it look like?
ha ha Boston fans ha ha you guys are wicked good.
Wait! I just remembered that I am seeing on Sunday!
if she thinks 69 is just a numba after 68, she's too young for you, dad.
Good luck!!!
Cool, thanks! Just emailed her.
revolvers dont jam and yoppas dont either,hollow tips knock the "soul" from a nigga but not from yo sneekers, m.m.m
Can I get an RT for my birthday today I'm turning 19! And if u follow me it would be the beast birthday ever! Thank you!
Think I'm going to see it next weekend. Seems like everyone loved it, but the trailer and commercials looked only OK to me.
Cubs are killing me!
#BOYFRIEND has been stuck in my head since it came out(: its REALLY good!!! <3
“: #NowFollowing.. Much Love. Flickum cares :) ” thanks!!!
Its my lucky day!
#WayToStartOffMyDay a getto ass fight at
It is important. And you can buy your own.
Watching A Few Good Men... possibly my favorite movie of all time
Stressed the hell out! Ugh...
"atleast your dad actually wants to be in your life. Atleast your not that stupid bitch because she doesn't even know her dad and moms a ho"
we wish too :-/ doesn't look like it's goin to happen though!
definitely Martin...Moran never ruined a playoff run that I can remeber
B Culture Media Welcomes New Business Development Specialist Linda Cottrell - Virtual-Strategy Magazine
It's the season of twitterpation! Beware hormonal teenagers...
LOL, why you don't like Piper??? He's a beast!!!
It's a seriously beautiful space...at once old school & modern. And great addition to one Chi's best bldgs.
Do you carry pumpkin puree (not pumpkin pie filling)? Been looking everywhere for some!
appreciate ya love! Great tweets for positive peeps! Just keeping the motivation going! Waving from Dallas
Gonna be in the library al day and night
so u wana possibly follow me today?! Since u know I love u to death and it's only like my life's dream for u to notice me. nbd
when do you want to go shopping for prom shoes?!
Ten hour days this week. But at least we get our three day labor day weekend!
Pet Photos With Santa at the mall Sunday @ 6:30 pm!
Can anyone help with contact info (not Twitter) for Samira Ibrahim re: an article for
I love this James Carvell impression on #SNL!
In your dreams.
I think I misunderstood and thought the facebook comment was aimed at me. As I asked you to look at my 2 chapt. so sorry!
oh man this is me everyday
Getting money everyday I'ma ground hog
It's fine man haha
why yes! Mine's coffee - yours? Let's be good and wrong together
LA is suck I rather go back to Boston, just saying
Salsa Mukluks now in stock! These babies got tires which must be seen to be believed! Curbs are no obstacle! It's like riding on the moon!
Mcdonalds OR Burger king , Im startin to like Burger King More (:
Percentage of National Cleavage Day links which actually contain cleavage rather than viruses: .00001. Way to ruin the holiday, internet.
i would not use the word "irrelevant" but agree that energy-rooted messaging is more effective/less divisive. why do you disagree?
Beautiful day in Wichita
Dreads that there is so much still to do, and literally so little time left in 2011....some of this might literally have to wait until 2012!
i love blue jeans !!
Thanks for the RTs! #smss12 #social media
now Jake & the never land pirates is on, makes way more sense than Mickey's Clubhouse. kids living on a magical island.
I tried to visit your website on two different browsers but couldn't get it to load.
Good luck in fantasy football this week sir. Sole possession of first place awaits you. :)
(tears up)
Kid Cudi Quits Marijuana, Yet Remains A Wizard
it dosent:o it only says request?:/
hahah ok ok but everyone has something Ohio state unfortunately since we live in Ohio
Hey, excellent--thanks for the heads-up. That's a pretty serious examination of your great work.
See more HubSpot Halloween costumes in the HubSpot Halloween 2010 set on Flickr, or view the slideshow below
(why do i feel like this is a disney channel original movie i'm referencing? anyway, my mom's email re: hbo was right on time this morning)
Sorry hun, but unlike you, I'm not a doorknob where everyone gets a turn. I'm more of a casino where only the lucky ones hit the jackpot.
I MEAN ITS NOT LIKE UR TALKING TO MOM IT COULD JUST BE U AND ME PERSONAL AND I WONT TELL MOM NOTHING
I love you baby.
Please join us tomorrow night (536 Laguardia Place), it's our exhibition opening! 6-8!
U verse tech just took my U-verse down again :(
Big thanks to & for swinging through today. Always good to see friends at the start of a shift.
Hate all you want, I'll stick up for any day, any where, any time. #OneDirectionInfection <3
what kind of shizz is this new twitter?! OH DAMN -.-'
Robin Sparkles 'Let's go to the Mall' is on Just Dance
your tweets are cracking me UP!
hey! What's up
Social entrepreneurship initiative working group breakfast at #OGStudio today. Be on the lookout for new courses and collaborations!
My Stax family>>> love them
Por sure! U know te aaammmoooo mi some NYC! That's mi 2nd casa! Got some things in the making! I'll be back muy pronto! ;-)
Wow, a story on You are big-time! Nice work!
These bitches need to get it together.
I am south memphis
On my way to the airport! :)
excellent! :) Thanks! :)
Christmas is my 9th favorite North American holiday between Maundy Thursday and Premier lundi d'août.
New York Yankees need to step up there game
i really want to know what time does the ps3 demo come out for north america, please reply as soon as you can!? :/ thanks
Tinted Gucci aviator lenses #sunglasses allow you to stare at people without getting caught, it's like Facebook in real life.
I'm tired all day, but as soon as I get in bed at night, I'm not even sleepy. THE HELL! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
How exciting and will do!! Did the BF get an awesome gig in NY? I hope you're loving it!
Iconic Boys! <3
HEALTH meaning they are sick, and go to the doctor time and time again to order PILLS which ARE NOT NATURAL for HUMANS TO CONSUME...
Liam from Ramon.
congrats!!! What fantastic news + what a perfect time to celebrate!
Aromaticity - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia
Try to learn something about everything and everything about something. ~ Thomas Henry Huxley
I'm a leader not a follower unless itz a dark place... Den u're goin first...
That's it!! Lawyer-ry!!
Angie of Angie's List speaking at #aiip -should have brought a piece of drywall for her to autograph.
Tulsa's HC Danny Manning now restricting 1 of his player's transfer. Not that it justifies anything, but would like to hear coaches explain
Thanks for tweeting about Dog Days!
Make changes if something is not working. Sometimes we have to sweep out the old to make way for something new
Bypass Lane is live at the U2 show in Philadelphia tonight! Check us out if you're going!
#Teamfollowback follow me
"Here in Milwaukee you harbor many agitators." -WI gov, 1886
*cough cough* New York
verizon just called my office with an automated msg hawking the friends and family plan..uh, i'm on a landline. at work. terrible cold call.
Remember #Milwaukee this is the year to act. Search Ron Paul thru YouTube, educate yourselves and others these upcoming months!!
Numbers dont lie
Perplexed, tedious, and obscure
does anyone else have trouble logging into face book with firefox. Any ideas how to fix it
So I guess the moral of the #MassEffect3 debacle is if you don't like an ending, the creators will change it if you complain hard enough.
Don't understand the point of 8 #JetBlue kiosks when only 2 are open and there's a long line...
5% Nation of watching the sunrise in Chicago.
Nope. I do that all the time. It's the little things that keep you going. :)
Smh at you knocks.
you know this summer we bout to do it big!
dont forget soulja slim, he was the best to wear the tank.
you are a beautiful bride. I am so thrilled cos know Agii is gonna make you happy FOREVER! I miss u as much as I adore you.
This weather is crazy, can't even go to lincoln anymore-__-
What's a good restaurant/bar for happy hour appetizers at farragut north close to conn & k? Closer to the white house would be even better.
I wanna go cut my hair but my barbor is mad at me :( he's down to fuck my ass up lol fcken jerk
you've already started one by declaring it on twitter. You already have five bookstore gigs lined up.
Our webhost is currently having some issues so our site is temporarily down. We anticipate it coming back online in about 15 minutes.
#CIROCSUNDAYS!!!! ITS GOING DOWN
Forgot to put the Ween in my Halloween.
Interesting! RT : MT : It cost Mad Men $250k to use the Beatles' “Tomorrow Never Knows...
I was dating a girl at the time whose favorite player was also him. pretty funny.
I've listened to the radio more in the past two days than I have in the past two years.
:) RT : Brew Dr Kombucha Tea.. Damn!
sounds very tasty. Need to get my hands on some of those
The yo having issue with curve again
Getting ready for this early performance!!
Maybe for dinner?? Is Josh working tonight? What's tonight's special?
Less testosterone than me is just not going to work
reception tonight after Frost/Nixon!
Dear : I would like my very own please. Love loving It's a Brad Brad World.
likewise, Sandcamp was fun!
You tried to play me
Saw the word "barefooted" typed today. Now you have. Sorry.
Up earlier on my day off than I am on my working days. How does that happen?
My thing is, until you've lived my life and until you've been through what I've been through...don't judge me or don't judge anything I say.
I'm #firstgen from a "inner-city" working-class immigrant black family- but privileged - as a big NERD w/college support.
How was you're day?(:
- Congrats! I hope the commencement speaker doesn't turn into a giant demon snake.
I knew your tail would respond.... Bo!!!!! GO HEELS!!!!
I know I know I'm sorry. I'm just a little jealous. I used to be the one getting the flirt time <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Let's do this! FUN tonight!
I love my boyfriend.
A girl that spoils a hard working man >
Damn in school suspension
Cute. Will they get enough light in that frosted window?
been really busy, not much chance yet to reply to ya'll tweets :/
I feel I can't do that lol my co-workers follow me
got hit on by an 8th grader exactly 22 times with the cheesiest pickup lines.
Nothing against fat people but uhm...
Google Drive Begs the Question: Who Owns Your Data in the Cloud?
S/O right back to u bro bro droppin them hits
Thanks and
Final thought: Every BODY in that experience MUST take Responsibility INCLUDING the parents...
It's still happening? I'm coming down next weekend. Wanna ghost hunt?
Watching Sean Marks on his first defensive possession of the season was one of the more entertaining things I've watched this year...
Yes, but they don't show them on TV #sharktank Hard to track success of failures, that would b a great blog.
Today’s Pas The Day Devotion – Fighting The Good Fight - II Tim 4: 7 I pray you were blessed by this morning’s devotion.
do it!
~make a wish, take a chance, make a change, & break away~
juss busy wit school and work...
i'm back in town rayovacbattery.net along with usadeaf.com
You're such a boss but carry yourself like a lady
Same. I appreciate that money makes the world go 'round, but there's a limit
omg no way yu are the devil bad boy so yu gotta have yur innocent angel right? <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
You always go for the good stuff :-)
is homeschool an option anymore
Didn't think this would be the ending tonight.
no I fig everyone has a smart phone lol
Wild Cards - NFC - Falcons, Cowboys AFC - Ravens, Jets
Haven't had one problem at all and it feels good!
Marathon Monday !!!
“: Sometimes you forgive people simply because you still want them in your life.”
how are you? Enjoying the fights ? :)
Knowledge is the most democratic source of power. -Alvin Toffler
will you be on the cover in a viking princess outfit? X-P
I'm shooting a short film this weekend inspired by the You Tube video! I LOVE JONAH!
I know! Plus it's backtoback with DWTS? It will be exhausting, lol.
lmao!! Good going!
Thanks! And thanks for your supportive tweets today.
One of my favorite songs - Live My Life by Far East Movement ft. Justin Bieber! :D
#imagine Austin: What's your biggest wish? You: To be kissed in the rain. What's yours? Austin: To be the one kissing you.
We just took down a 3 ft x 20 ft sign, which'll be our new marquee once we peel off the vinyl "Solid Rock" lettering.
Always forgive your enemies - nothing annoys them so much
I have a feeling that exact same thing will be said about Travis Frederick next year.
Hi ! You were one of our weekly sweepstakes winners! Please DM us your mailing address as soon as possible!
TONIGHT very own takes over w over 700 of the hottest people in LA and the OC
nice crazyness over on the woot boards tonight. too worked up over the effing mockingbirds around my house to deal with it.
No offense but I don't tell ppl "I Love You" just bc they say it to me I have to really mean it and feel it!
good luck this saturday in the truck race i will keep my eyes on you :)
"Somebody to Love" - Justin Bieber
Tweeting really is tiring.
haha its cool;)
not shit cooling
William Balfour's mom says he asked for a happy meal.
whatever mongoloid
np cud u follow me please?
Me, & bout to get white girl wasted lol
Fixed the credit on the "About" page. My apologies for missing that. Thanks for letting me use the image!
super cute!
Singg LATING GIRL By JB On a Video?(: for ur Latin Girl Fans ,
Oh so I'm the ugly one? Bitch your edge up is not even aligned correctly. Shut the fuck up.
The sexy Mexican heard me "*.*
We like this date! Hurry up & get married, Scott! ;)
Dreamt I had that new amp.... It was so awesome x)
lol i feel you so was i
Tell your friends they should spell check before broadcasting a ticker on
hey man what do you do when a muthafucka underestimates Your size?
Hahahaha I wish My lil bro was woke so I could rub this all in his face lmao. Told him It wasnt gon be easy #KobeWho?
Gotta love technology. My office phone + iPhone can't receive or make calls. And yes, I paid my bill. I'm being tested. I feel it. #help!!!
Haven't you been doing nothing BUT studying?!.. Or were you just Tumblring with your books open. Hahaha
Holla back, D. *bats eyelashes…then probably stumbles and falls* :D
The hood ornament of a Rolls Royce is named “The Spirit of Ecstasy.”
Not taking Standard and Poor's seriously until they downgrade Ke$ha to Ke<U+FFFD>ha
Best Places to Find Roommates (E-Zine)
I juss woke up from 9:00 pm to now cant go to sleep again
To keep milk from going sour - Keep it in the cow.
I didn't anything he start whit him bad humor -.- hahaha lol
Solid practice time tonight. Again tomorrow, then rehearsal at HCC for weekend services!
: Totally have more Yelpstick if you need it, Luke!
please don't open a recent DM from me, its a spam/virus... sorry people!
im trying
$80 dollar cologne for $20 from the local neighborhood hustler. Always low prices. =)
Any news on the New Mexico EIB mtg? They are supposed to rule on Cap & Scam - I mean Trade
for real though, I asked Adam and he doesnt even know. Haha.
#Imagine A guy starts talking to you & Harry comes and holds you from behind & says:"Sorry, this girl is mine."
We are thrilled to be a part of Women, Money, Power Forum!!!
You're very welcome.
when you get some time off to reflect, come and make games with me in San Fran
. thxs for the shout out!!
can you stop by either today or tomorrow?
We’ll pack you a brown bag lunch that you’ll actually enjoy eating. 2 tamales, soda, chips and a sweet snack. Order via email.
Where does one rent a blimp?
when will you have a meet and greet in Chicago.
I have read some of your blog and we have similar backgrounds with the D5/Cafe as building leaders.
Sen. Specter, leadership is making decisions based on values and what's best for others not what's expedient to one's career.
You love the dog more than me...
Thank you <3
nice! Caught them at a private show in Philly in 2004 -- you will enjoy!
I'm proud of this because they asked to recognize partners, husbands, wives, siblings and family of graduates.
Good relationships aren't even supposed to feel like relationships.
That's why getting someone else to do it would be great.
Ocean Reef Club for Spring Break!! Wish it was dead my first night. Everyone come!
Which color do you want to use?
A4 No matter how new your are, trust your ears! If something sounds interesting or engaging to you, chances are many will like it
Its 86deg in MI right now. Awesome.
Come back downtown!
Giddy with the thought that when I get home today my Warby Parker glasses will be waiting for me.
Omfg. How scary, there was a shooting going on
THEY SAID THEY HAVE FOUND A CURE FOR HIV/AIDS BUT I BELIEVE THEY BEEN HAD IT THO
thanks for the RT.
I just realized how much I miss seeing every week on #Idol. But God has better plans for him. :)
Spanish is so fucking easy.
Ryan nash...i dont know where to begin, you were one of my best friends. i will miss you so much and i love you. RIP ryan i love you bud
I miss my boyfriend a lot :( haven't seen him in over 2 weeks and im gone in 2 months
Im tweeting
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams ............
Hey, just finish some more designs. (new collection coming soon)
Thanks, A, for the thought & your help. As I've said countless times before, working with you is awesome.
Stop by tonight to meet local #eco-bag designer, Lisa Schaefer, of Refreshments served starting at 6pm!
My dog perked up & got really confused watching the Star Wars VW commercial. Then he went back to sleep.
Colts owner Jim Irsay called me today to clarify feedback he has gotten on the downtown hotel situation. I'll have an updated blog tomorrow.
If you wanted to help with the Tahoe Joe's fundraiser please email with the Subject: TAHOE JOE'S so I see it.
Vegas Vegas! Hurry up and get here!!!!
RT this if you know how to RT a RT about someone else's RT
Traffic tweets from small town MO where I used to live. Jimmy Johns is a reference point, not streets or exits. A simpler time and place.
That new Batman Movie gonna b off the Chain.
whats CRACKING UP IN THIS TWITTER ROOM?
Aww, thanks. You might be the only one, lol.
Key Committee will be playing as a featured artist at the Nashville State Fair on Sept 15th! Stay tuned for details!
#sigh This is really my fault. So much for going to bed before midnight. Next time I'll do laundry at 5pm on a Friday or something...
Well done, Flyers. Well done.
So sorry for your loss. Hope the Sox can pull it off today
show was so funny tonight! Love me some jiggy!!!
S/o ! See you on Friday!
Speak to heal, to help, to hear, to hope, to add a little bit of goodness to the world.
Ab workout at nail salon on 30A. Here w/cousins for weekend
Listening to your first album and your such a great voice looking forward to hearing things like this soon as well
Lets make 'em proud, boys! ------12 p.m. at Lake Park "Gun Club" Field, 2728 N Lincoln Memorial Drive, #MURFC vs. UWMRFC,
Hahaha I like that
#shoutout to ...Keep doing ya thing <3
any suggestions for someone who is interested in becoming a machinima director?
Today is the day! #CraftinCarnival! Come join us for talented vendors, super sponsors, a raffle for , and so much more!
u wanna ride out wit me
Let's see a grown woman eating a Happy meal with no kid. What's wrong with that picture ? Lol
i was wondering what the fuck happened
Okay...seriously though. The pixies are about to take the stage at the palladium. All i care about is seeing kim deal. I mean, really.
haha,its cool and BTW Good Morning
Don't forget to vote today! Meck County Dems, please vote for Marc Gustafson for County Commission at Large
Louis DiPippa Is My Baby Boy (':
"Smile NOW!" "YOU smile!" -- my neighbors
Watching " I am " , should be required viewing
Easy commute is nice until you think about the fact that everyone else has the day off which is why the commute is blissful.
hey Harry(: how are you doing today? i enterd the competition to win a call from you guys! i hope i win!!(:
UNC SILS has a new Dean! RT just signed a career change letter, official word to work out in bureaucrazy time.
I will stop a story after the first chapter, and sometimes after the first few paragraphs if the writing or plot is bad.
Best date spot for jello is
The "Avengers" movie is In theaters today. Who is your favorite character? Voice your opinion with a Qwip and share with friends!
That is too cute!
gorgeous day to be at husky Stadium! Looks like you managed to convince What are you doing after the #dawgsvictory?
awful decision
I'm Doing Well !!! How's Your New Job?
our boyfriends just left together . and left us here to die <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
i dont care about what you gotta say.
what?o.O
And with the Galaxy S3 the screen won't turn off as long as your looking at it. And watch movies while text.
My husbands addicted to the google machine. Tonight's topic: Civic hf accessories.
Time for my 2012 MLB predictions
Awesome brunch yesterday and ! I will be thinking about it for the rest of the week!
Google+ was like the first time I saw Macintosh said during his Vic Gundotra interview #SXGoogle+
New VidLib reviews are in! "BLANK CITY captures a scene that was never pretty but left its influential mark on much of what came after."
As well, w/the #PaperTiger - err paper lamb - we have in the WH, #China will never be held accountable.
lmao!! So true
And this game is
Follow my Bestfriend she's kool like ice
RT : Need help PLN, teaching about Edmodo and I need some examples that I can share with other educators
Still small but we are working on it. We'll make sure to remind you of this tweet when we are!
What does that mean?<U+2764>
K,im getting off Twitter :) ill text you! :)
NYU to open frozen yogurt chain
Leeeeeeeeeettttttttttttttssssssssssssssss GET READY TO READ SOME NEW COMICS!!!!!
Next up: the first amendment on Carlson on the Law at
How is the bar bar...I anticipate cocktails for brunch & food at the cookout
Interject as a "ein blankes Türkenschwert." Or with cookies.
I would go to Florida for some family time.
The problem is that I'm the Juliet locked away in a tall tower but no Romeo has been brave enough to break me out.
rubs eyes in shock liking what I see!!! (=
1 of 2: Eric Cantor on FOX 2day: Cantor insisted that Congress should rely on America’s wealthy “to take care of income disparity”
Chiropractic adjustment! This is going to be AMAZEBALLS.
no me hables de comida que me estoy reventando but u know me . Idk when to stop
I only go ham on taco bell after the club yo
great idea! see ya later!
My brain is shifting into *Eep! Excited! Lots of things to do! Must pack! Must do everything at once!* Not conducive to sitting and working.
I agree. You're entitled to your opinions. I encourage you to research as much as you can to validate those opinions.
Rangers/Devils should be a good series too
Wantin on dat special some body that I can mine
just like #crystalpepsi is rare
oh we do
hey liam you going to make a Twitcam? xx
I'm so sleepy, but it's hard to sleep with a crying child.
“: a Relationship is Not About Sex.!” take that tweet to church haha #YouAllReadyKnow !!
"It sounds funny coming out of my mouth to say Madonna sings one of my songs." -Priscilla Renea on her song "Love Spent"
Confirmed. Director Joe Carnahan hired a trapper to kill 4 #wolves for #TheGrey. The cast ate 2.
[LIVE TWEET] Idea that democracies may be able to cope with climate change
I have a crazy headache. Pray for me
Enjoy paintballing buy one get ones with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I would even go so far as to say the anal probe SHOULD be incorporated into clown porn.
. Nice to see you in DC today. Safe travels home and #GoBlue!
Thanks Laura. Anything for me to check out of yours? You're in Burbank, that's my hometown and where my studio's at!
Looking for toys carved by a toy maker from 1942 Occupied Bohemia that can be used as props for
Money is needed to live. Make money though..do not let it make you. Do not let it control you to the point you make irrational decisions! RS
I hope my will come through against the Mighty Heat, time tell..
You are welcome. Have you ever tried Downtown Comedy Club? It is like performing in your Mom's living room. Awesome!
who the hell thinks it's spelled AIDES???
No need to adjust your screen.....Knicks lead 27-8......
When you're in love, you wake up a litte happier in the morning
Do not argue with an idiot. He will drag you down to his level and beat you with experience.
You know... You look fat.... when you cry. (my dodgeball team name)
no I didn't! I've been hardcore studying! AH. omg adorable.
“: #NowPlaying Jay-Z - Money Ain't A Thang” <<<y'all wanna floss wit us?.... Love that song!
And that's why you're "the Great"!
WE HOPE YOU DO !
..i feel the same way when I want an brownie ala mode drizzled in hot fudge...
me and have the funniest conversations ever.
Thanks for the I'm on FB too www.facebook.com/remingtonproperties
Where is the weirdest place you've found wifi or a place to plug-in away from the office?
just finished writing to these hot tracks my boy wiz gave to me, his beats are incredible!
Dedication: CHERIE MELVILLE-LIDDLE, Miss you & love you.
Glady's is a damn fool.. This woman is crazy!! Hahhaaaaa
I just realized you were following me! thanks so much!
Almost done being sick...LOL! Well, I hope! It's colder and still raining!
The fan page is growing, please put the word out to your friends help us get to triple digits.
i feel so out of the loop. no time for the twitter, the fanbook, blogs or anything anymore!!
Manson purloined from The Beatles;U2 stole it back; but I'll toss Rattle & Hum 4 the The White Album;Bono doesn't Helter Skelter it for me.
Recorded audio on iPhone hope it is super usable
What's up Cuzzo!
The #1 weight loss "trick" for long-term success is to surround yourself w/people who love to exercise & eat raw or vegan.
#Foxtrot 7.0 has incredible Excel targeting actions. Foxtrot automates interaction with individual cells giving users robust functionality.
Drink.Drank.Drunk
Have you ever tried secret shopping? It saves me a ton of cash.
O good table! My family rolls deep.
did u follow me if not please follow ;)
that shit is hard
According to a recent evaluation from one of my students, I have have "really good hair." Mission Accomplished.
Great to have my daughter home from
Wow ... it's already time to renew season tickets!
amen “: I am completely dedicated to making them better, hoping to have the same in return!”
What is the equivalent of "serving" someone on twitter? We need slang for that.
When ignores my phone call <<
Hahahaha, I didn't notice! I am blind !!!!
Everyone knows #CharismaticCredit leads to
Y'all on one but I'm on mine
Its in Fort Lauderdale, Downtown by Revolution live.
I really need to go out tonight
Listening to reminded me of the early days of the web. It was jaw dropping to find a like-minded soul in cyberspace.
The University of North Carolina has scheduled an appeal with John Middlebrook concernng their suspension in football.
Follow me, I follow back!!!:))
Th. 8.20: Amazing artist and one of the funniest cats I've ever known. Come check out the artshow...details on sandiegoDTOWN event calendar
lol I actually wanna see it too, I feel I have to take a female with me though :)
refollowing niggas while my ass still has yet to receive a follow at all! #zamnzaddy #itsallgoodinthehood (>_<)
RIP little bird on 76.
show tits
Been an incredibly long time since I've tweeted. I should probably start doing that again.
same phone. When I moved it over to a new computer I lost my ringtones. So I had to make new ones
Yes I did notice my hair was magenta. Thanks for pointing it out anyways?
Its so dam hot in my house this shit is about to make me miserable
Almost finished with "Brother, Can You Spare A Hundred Thousand Dollars?"
Or are you gonna be like those big accounts that barely follow anyone /: ok
thanks! Turns out the att upgrade worked awesome, but I appreciate it!
Capital Beerfest and Brewers Showcase today at cal expo. Entrance is at gate 12. Enjoy!
BABY COME BACK! LET US LOVE YOU
RT What goes around, goes around, goes around.....Comes all the way back around.. ..o second that!!
BREAKING: The Red Sox have recalled Luis Tiant from the 28-year disabled list
I see. Well it's not going to a referred journal so I'm not too worried. Thanks for the insights :)
Have faith. Or blind ambition. Preferably both.
lol no not in the least... but its so good! =]
you are a creeper. Just kidding! Just kidding! But I miss you. So that's all that matters.
You can find some great stuff there lol
Datechguy's Blog » Blog Archive » MSNBC: “Men don't need women ...
Perfect game #WhiteSox!!!
I would've been cooked breakfast if I had some breakfast food at the crib haha.
Everyone who's ever taken a shower has an idea
Walking at Graduation
That-a-way uconn!!!!
Pet peeve: people who clip or file their nails on public transportation.
it was 2 hours and 35 seconds. Happy Easter by the way.
Hot Wing Hangover.
Just unfollowed a few lames that obviously only followed me 4 a followback...
I'm definitely headed in the right direction
Can Peyton bring the Mile High Magic? Waiting for an update....
Keep your mouth closed and let your eyes listen
are you at home?!
When I say Ttyl it don't mean you ask, why??
I see you! *waving*
for another 3-6 months ! But I only have to wear it 2 hours a day.
Farewell to a truly great year.
FOLLOW FOR ME ==> PLEASE GO ! I am very please follow is my new account please everyone :)
if you have access to some newsy comm real estate data, I'd be interested in both! ;)
Almost 900 followers! Hooray!!!!!!!!!!!
Hang in there,
Chillin wit the twin an clownin
News Woods: Williams has apologized over racial slur Tiger Woods says his former caddie Steve Williams is not racist and has
Star Wars > Anything else.
Hey babeh I know I wanna marry you<3
Just seen ona boulevard!
We are back!!!!! and the vacation was kick ass!!!
Beautiful Preview Night at the Smithsonian Craft Show! Can't wait to get back this morning.
LIVE! #10HoursWithMikeMurdock "Establish Your Credibility Through Association, Conduct, and Results. "
IF HE WON THE LOTTERY, WHAT WOULD HE DO WITH THE MONEY
Hahahaha there's a Kanye West video on The Cool TV that's all intentionally datamoshing/glitch effects. Wait til Kanye discovers gifs
Heard u joined chipndales?
Pete will never not be a punk
Lord, Help us to trust and believe in You more. When we began to doubt You, decrease our unbelief and increase our faith.
Add our official Facebook page (Irival rock) so we can keep u updated on the new songs. :)
i've heard tweetdeck, but haven't tried myself. Ps. Love the icon!
today's #TrendsTues is Jewelry! What is your fave piece right now everyone MUST have? xox
Congrats to on his NBA Rookie of the Year award. Class act. Cavs future bright with Irving, Tristan Thompson and lottery pick.
another day clearing the driveway.
i am just a guy looking to control his own fate. I am going to china see what opportunities exist and learn about the culture.
It is time to head off to my office.
yes it did. was so much fun. called you back. hope you are great. looking forward to seeing you sat at bridal shower yayayay
When your grandma goes to Steak N' Shake and brings you back a dark chocolate milkshake >>>>>
The last four burgers I've ordered Medium Rare at various restaurants have all come out Well Done. This is ridiculous.
Checkout Effective Marketing Tool see mysite: www.Video-TV-Email.com C Live-Web-Demo at 8:15pm Aoril20 www.connieislive.tv
I love how you can just put a winky face in reply to anything and make it awkward.
WHEN LILBOOSIE CUMING OUT WIT A NEW MIXTAPE LIKE WEE NEED RAPPERS LIKE HIM FUCK THA POLICE BITCH TAKE MEH TUH
I'm not a religious person, but if I was, I would have to believe that being O.J. Simpson's lawyer has got to be a direct ticket to hell.
Nope. I say that word to my son all the time. He prefers "o e o ah ah" though.
hey man I don't like taking pictures lol
Missing dog Clay was spotted a few times today near 41st & Guion; he's quite a runner. Please continue to keep eyes peeled
I miss you
It's nice to see we're not the only ones awake :)
awesome my favorites are Charlotte and real estate lol
I'm sure that will work out for you...lucio could be your pimp
What is the perfect #MarchMadness app to pair with a "new" #iPad ?
Or wing woman :) Have you reached out to all of your "watchers"? Maybe send them a tweet or FB message.
good luck! I love DC. Soak it up.
Watching Jimmy Carter: Man From Plains - I`ll say this, the man has huevos & is not afraid to defend his position on the Middle East.
Because of the internet people you haven't talked to in years can look for your website and send you a message..everyday is a new adventure!
My mom and I go to the dentist...who gets hit on in the waiting room? My mother! Haha
thank you! We really enjoyed having you come to #p2accessorize4mom today. Enjoy picks :)
im confused do u live in NY or NJ?????
he's a stoic, but mine are "same kind of different as me" & "southern fried divorce" RT Top picks so far?
Happy baby Jesus day!!!
Trust your gut feelings.....they are usually right!
Who is your favorite 50's music group?
AFAIK, the email went out this morning, and I *think* there was a tweet or two last week about it?
Red Nation- The Game
We're excited to be at #PLA12 in Philly today! Tweet back to find us and talk about some of the great authors we're sending to libs
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence then success is sure.
Nice work using the Crunchies podium to recruit. You almost need to win the Crunchies to hire tech talent in the valley these days.
Yesterday cold wet weather... Today NiCE dry and SUNNY!!! :)
Ball don't lie
We have advance tickets for the July 24th show at The Chameleon Club with Framing Hanley & Transmit Now. $12 each. Contact us to get yours.
Q: Do you call 12/31/11 New Year's Eve 2012 or New Year's Eve 2011? Is it the year it's becoming, or the year of the eve itself?
crab cakes! Delicious.
My sister said I wish you listen to regular music I said I do she said no you dont all you listen to is trey songz....that is reg music
Love this! recommends visiting the for videos with captions AND transcripts!
I would like to thank my friends for being absolutely fucking hilarious. Without you I would have zero content. xoxo -commutergirl
Heading to the West Coast on business!!!
Keep it up Jets
Uh...honey?...what's this about a car bomb?
OKC/MIA is must see TV. The only thing missing is the John Tesh NBA on NBC theme.
Top 10 #Soccerisms by NASCAR FANS: She's all tore up.
Nice! There's the rest of my night. Thanks for sharing!
Young & Reckless
Just learned of your struggles. I am sending prayers and hugs to you and your family. God bless!
Rode my horse to class today.
Sorry! What a mess! hahaha
OMG amen to that tweet <3 :D
Just created a local authority term for the Princeton Wawa. My work here is done.
OK, that's the second uniform disaster I've seen this week. And I LOVE throwbacks.
okay. just got out of the shower. I'll be around because you know me, I don't like to sleep. hah.
Bout to be at my 500th tweet.!
Golden Panthers showin louisville da PAW!!
Posting some tech positions on craigs list and linkedin. Will be interesting to informally assess the cost-effectiveness and quality of cvs
that is so great, I'm glad to hear it!! I hope they have an amazing experience.
No doubt, that's a good move for both sides all the way around.
Happy Mother's Day to all the mothers who raised all the momma boys!!!!!lol
Feel free to shoot links, additional information this way as well! :]
How romantic and perfect would it be if I went to a concert or speech with my lovely bitch omg, I would die <U+2665>.
I don't feel like being bothered, I'm not in the mood.
Thank you all people who follow me greatly appreciate it I truly hope I do not hurt peoples feelings w/ my opinions.Green is keen solar wind
Ray Bradbury's Tales of Terror #1. There's an adaptation in there of a short story I discuss at length.
so am I. I hate it cause I live in Florida and that's all people seem to do.
All men of action are dreamers.
Having a hard time feeling like doing anything today. Tuesdays are weird without class.
Quote: "I Was A Thug In That Elvis Suit Dont Get It Twisted"
We are fillin up fast!!! Bar top already full!!
thanks MB! Hope all is well!!!
Jon Glaser = solid dude. Michigan guy. My early pick for Bridgetown 2012 MVP.
yeah I have no idea what that means. I went ahead and booked a new flight on a leak-free plane.
movie night with the besties
both works for me i get out of work at 6!
#FF be in the know about DPain and the Ruff Justyce Crew....
Seeing "like this in 3 seconds if you care, & keep scrolling if you don't.. " means nothing. Makes me wanna ignore that shit even more.
Sweet dreams Ariana! I hope someday you'll follow me!
#SwampPeople Go Liz!
You should have gotten the big one, lol.
To a woman in love, loving too much is not loving enough.
Teachers really think we're gonna work?
music music music :)
hahaha its gross and im listening to christopher brown
I know. He's made some great movies. Him and joss Whedon, there was little chance for error.
aww, don't worry that much well at least try not to! I'm sure you'll do good!
We always love to hear your favorite artist is at the moment!
I did! It's adorbs!
please marry me .
Planning on being #creative today & creating some great tutorials on finding newspaper & magazine circulation stats in SRDS.
yup! and there was a class in there right after he spoke so we had to finish up by the elevator :( not cool.
sometimes it feels *exactly* like this.
Lmao! Define good?
Article on film AND q&a w/ two-time rider of year John Jackson are DONE. Feeling good. 9/20 at Crest Theatre in Sacramento!!!
Please follow me!!!:)
I find Ke$ha hits to be strangely motivational. Maybe it's like, YEAH, if Ke$ha can make this much money wasted, I can write this essay!!!
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it, misdiagnosing it and then misapplying the wrong remedies.
I get to see tonight! My day is better than yours!
Everyone Be Winter Time Loving
Just saw #AttacktheBlock. Great flick! Very funny. Bound to be a cult-classic!! :-)
the right!!!
: Afea, I'm @ City Hall waiting for you for our meeting today @ 3pm.
She probably did. I'm pretty sure she thinks Makela and I are crazy.
im with you!
Neighbor put up yard sign for (R) Andy Pugno 6th dist. assembly Ca. Looked him up. Leading attry for biggest group against same sex marriage
Laundry duty on the line #kinectcontest is going down
Good morning everyone...it begin kinda rocky.. up from the dream..down from waking up to nonsense...and I pray up 4 the rest of the day
I like kids good enough. and it's okay, lmao. I'm not ballin' but I can buy art supplies, y/y?
Any media people at there needing someone to fill show time? Have someone who can speak on mortgage fraud and how to address the banksters.
regret got shit on what u feeling now
no problem and thank you (:
It simply sucked; I'd take any fast food burger over this crap.
HAPPY 4TH!!! BE SAFE! <3 RT : Happy 4th everybody!! Makin things go "BOOM" !!
Yep, they handled my last move 4 years ago. Respectful & efficient. Not as expensive as some movers. Where's your new place?
I just realized, after all these years, that I'm goofy.
:D GUESS WHAT
ya....if only we were twins
beadles forever !
I say call Threadgill's and get the 4 veggie plate to go. With the butter beans. :-P
#NF Follow back :)
This site is on it's way to being HUGE, couldn't be easier to start earning, and it's FREE to join!!
The air smells so clean and like spring. This may be the one thing I prefer about being in NJ than NYC.
I might be lol Idk Why?
m hot chocolate.
phones dead
we <3 you too!
Having an awsome day!
My 'Similar to You' box lists , and
I consider sandals to be different from Flip Flops
love ur icon! She's so gorgeous<U+2665>
Wit dude crazy!!!!
Great night of baseball, playoff atmospheres tonight in Milwaukee & San Francisco.
It pretty much sucks when every single traffic signal in the city is conspiring against you.
: wife just went to store with instructions: 24 beers. Good Quality. Made in Wisconsin.
What's the chance Oil Can Boyd and Ron Washington are home boys
So excited for today :)
RT : "Blog is center of the content universe. Content can come from anywhere and go to anywhere." -
you only live once, right? well it's about time I start living.
Already following :)
oh there removing the occupiers tonight. I thought you were going to cover it.
RT : 4 years 2day since our friend Kenneth passed away. Take time 2 remember how Ken lived & all the great qualities he lived by
why not? you should make one :)
Thanks for the RT! ~tail wag~ Tweet on <U+266A>
In wilderness I sense the miracle of life, and behind it our scientific accomplishments fade to trivia - Charles Lindbergh
of course, my pleasure!
#Seahawks fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Cardinals #Seahawks)
I was singing in the shower this morning because their were record producers in my shower this morning.
I won't be there. SORRY.
The best part of Thanksgiving? Making cranberry sauce. Watching those boiling berries burst is breathtaking.
I fall asleep so fast.
We are setting up our booth #AVXpo! Join us tomorrow at booth 901. Find out more information at W.rakansystems.com
so now... I'm overwhelemed with exitement over . imagine how 's heart must be beating out of his chest.
hahahaha<U+2665><U+2665> you read my mind
Tie ballgame.
Magazine just emptied in near earshot 22nd St Paul. Ghetto bird keeping good company.
I would put it on him. He would be cumming before he gets inside...lol
Love to the team. Y'all have made the big 3-9 much less painful. Thank you!!
I wonder if cowboy hats are coming back in a big way ;-)
Wonderful day with my family, they make everything so much better :)
heading to the acc championship carolina game with my son, what could be better?
To everyone swimming at Sectionals this weekend
lol I didn't see test...watching boring man movies.
#libjobshadowFL I'm writing an article for our local gov promoting our free classic ebook QR code thingie. Yes, thingie is the proper term.
Tribalism is a better social arrangement than what we presently have ; at least, there was concern for the others. Nowadays, it's all hitech
when you have a friends you start to think whats friends if it dont count meaning lets do business and do this right
Word count quotas work for me. Right now, it's 1k per day. Most summers, 2-3k per.
Jus made it in the crib its 6am here in da CHI another day of grindin puttin in #work so sleep den..uh...back at it NEVER SLEEP TIL ITS DONE
On guidance: Everybody says they want to be free. Take the train off the tracks and it's free-- but it can't go anywhere. ~ Zig Ziglar
The next Booze Camp event is going to involve Yazoo beer and pizza. Because, well, I like beer and pizza. Stay tuned, lemmings.
DM me on my personal or business page, or just text me.. You got the number.
Skype interview at 3. Freakin' out a little bit
RT: NC votes in favor of constitutional ban of gay marriage. #OneDayWeWillWakeUp >>Wow not my understanding of the purpose of Constitutions.
Free your mind and THINK people!
FYI RT : Strip club etiquette: Don't lick your strippers back. This is frowned upon : (
1789: George Washington gives first presidential inaugural address (Presidential)
Full credit to ,a great follow!
Save us
I have a few. #ISTE12 and I am a trainer for NCSS this summer. Among other projects. You?
Best practice awards presented at ESI forum, great peer input. Check SIW for the latest on the Leadership Summit and Forum.
Once again..... I now refuse to use UPS anymore.
Do any of you have a boyfriend?
text me and when do u come home?
Id be such an asshole when I'm project manager.
music is one of the ways to express your thoughts and feeling to the person you wanted.
having trouble settling down to research and write up this wikipedia and the museum memo.
& yall LAKERS could use some elbow grease right about now, cus that dude is on his
I Love the way Sunny dances !
still haven't got that free sticker
Wearing a hoodie for TRAYVON!
Love some Dawson's. Successful media event at IMS?
Love is the affection we show to others in need. Selfishness is not love.
haha, I mean my shaoyang/jueyin axis is crackling! The qi is moving, my eyes are bright!
I am trying to maintain an attitude of gratitude!
This happens every fucking time
I just ate #macandcheese without the milk...
loved it!
Follow back pls <U+2665>
If you missed Pig Iron's Hams Across America, quick review: glorious, & everything that Sens. Coburn and McCain thing is wrong with the USA
I love red on a red-head.
Australian punter Brad Wing a key to victory for LSU tonight, was a field position battle. Also, Charlie Day will rock SNL tonight!
and I are gonna be the cutest. Be jealous.
I suppose I should be baking a cake then too...hahaha.
How did you know?
Good luck!! I know! I never know what to write. Just say "I'm awesome. Hire me." The end!
#first40songsonshuffle 5. fall out boy - the take over, the break's over
acob Latimore is an underated artist and deserves more. "We Want Jacob Latimore on Ellen"..
His smile still gives me butterflies. Even when I roll my eyes on the inside. When he smiles my smile answers involuntarily.
2 weeks. 3 if you wanna be optimistic...lmbo.
Hope it is a great show!
I took a double take of yo pic and your name popped in my head lol
Learning is NOT snobbery.
Audition for a Vt lottery commercial today and another for a Vt waiter in a major motion picture tomorrow. Representing my home state baby!
There are also some free spaces churches are providing!
#30waysToMakeAGirlSmile share stupid jokes and zombie impressions
Well not anymore! I stand corrected
haha, good call
That is the history. Dems cozied up to corporate $ in the 90s. We see what it bought us.
Did the #P90X plyometrics and #AbRipperX workout this evening.
Cory Booker is your fixie, made you a Spotify playlist, shoveled your walk, etc
Back then, we had three feet of snow in May in SD too.
Please RT whatever you find out. Sounds like something parsed together by a Chinese spambot.
When are you in NYC? Will buy you coffee, tea, or cheap comestibles of any ethnic persuasion.
#duh actually try to meet up with me this time
Collaboration between RoHK venues...difficult?easy?d
sexy hussy
q6 #libchat put the naysayers in their place. they have input into decisions ... *an* input ... but not veto power
I'm gonna go crazy!
We all speak of acceptance and I think acceptance should be less of us expecting others to change and more of us changing our expectations
That's why I follow you. You tweet what I'm thinking. :)
- Awesome (I'm SoCal/LA as well)! Chocolate. Rum. Stout. Yes, please. If the #CBC12 wasn't last wkend, I wdv been there.
I agree w/ Judy. I think 12 pm EST works best, get those early or late depending on area.. & as mentioned, Wed
I saw BB the first month I moved to WI. B/w seeing them & being in Madison, I was convinced my life could not get any better.
Watching the Texans vs Steelers <3
interesting! It would be great to see even an informal evaluation.
video is more damning/immediate than text.
How Are You? :D
a few people walk while most people sit...a few people run while most people walk...when most people are running it is time to fly...Dream!!
The party is poppin
'its like youre extremely girly, but still a badass'
Hell > Spanish class
are they going to be better then the whack ass pats
"You must jettison your tidy plans and respond to its demands." Hilary Mantel, quoted in today's Shelf Awareness.
good advice from a wise child.
thanks for the follow! I have been loving your site lately!
i sat on the porch and hoped and prayed for a dad to show up who never did
I'll see you there Chris!
he looks the same. Dorian Gray.
It's funny, you think that is a joke...so sad.
How long have you guys been in business?
Never been happier to be in a dry safe hotel. See you in Salt Lake City!
Congrats ladies! MT: Congrats to SDSU softball! MWC regular champs. They don't use nets, but CUT THEM ALL DOWN ANYWAY!!!
Saw a post about Vodburner for recording Skype video. Is Vodburner NTSC? I bought evaer and found it was PAL & useless.
Attending NTEN Book Club online: Media Rules! by Brian Reich and Dan Solomon
You can do it! Maybe a few green beers will help? :)
War on Drugs: textured chug, smartly weary lyrics make for fantastic records & meh shows. 2nd time seeing em; not totally connecting.
Diablo 3's secret world discovered
yeah me too, make sure you keep in touch! Haha stay cool! (end of the year yearbook quote) haha
oh you little engineer you ;)
I'm waiting for Amazon to deliver my copy! RT it's the US and UK release day for A Discovery of Witches.
so then that means Red Dragon gives you the poopies?
Thats what I mean. If you wake up with crazy hair... wet that shit and blowdry doll!
DONT SPAM US OR TWEET US MUSIC!!! AT AL
yes it would!
Are you seeing #Avengers this weekend?
Inside and out. RT : You are so beautiful!!
Highest rated and cheapest protein on the market and it's called egg white, but don't forget to eat the yolk with it.
youre the best! Thanks!
SAT are coming up soon. I'm stressing.
Hi Nat...how are you? I was just thinking about you and wanted to check in! Hope you're doing well, love you!!
Let's go packers!
Renee's only been on #DesperateHousewives 2 seasons but it seems like she's always been a part of it. It's my favorite Vanessa Williams role
Who's +21 or has an ID & wants to be my partner in crime for the club & Cinco d Mayo after party?!? P.I.C. gets compensated in tequila ;)
Wow, Tri-City then pulls ahead. Brendan Shinnimin puts the Americans up 3-2 with less than five minutes to go in Kennewick.
Bitches be Hoes Niggas be hoes I don't see the difference!
RT About half of all US citizens live within a 500 mile radius of Richmond, Virginia.
clean up your act or we'll do it for you!
If an ignorant person is attracted by the things of the world, that is bad
yeah i know :) sokaayss. Anything about exam?
Our lives are embraced by a glow… which our darker moments helped to create... FMHY <3
Excited to chill with my bro tomorrow!
"WE RUN THE AUC" T-12 ENTERTAINMENT #HEAVVYYY FOLLOW US
I hate French class -_-
Taking short ride to Jekyll island to shoot this morning. Were already in st Simons :)
RT Now following> via the homie
lol, I wil *try* to enjoy myself.....
To my fellow Phillies Tweeters: Acceptable to wear Burrell jersey tomorrow to Nats stadium now that he's going to retire as a Phil?
Hell yeah! The Texas heat is just what I need!
omg come over im watching a walk to remember
Any gay boys wear women's panties? Just wondering.
Let's Go Panthers!!!!!
sorry I meant going are you going to eyecon
It can be overwhelming some days as I think of all that I need to accomplish...this is when I remind myself to work the Criticals first <3
fear of "acting white" is gross oversimplification
"It's been on my mind, I know its not what I want but you've taken me to this and I'm feeling its the only way for you to open your eyes."
and then bludgeoned them to death with a hammer
Not sure i'll ever be able to give up on Fashion.. So Addicted!!!
it must be tasted to be believed.
Today: NJ. Dinner w/aunt & cousin. Tomorrow: Albany. Dinner w/! Fri-Sat: 's wedding! Sun: NYC. Lunch w/!
will I be seeing you at Vitense today?
whats up man, ready for big blue weekend?
: metadata management needs to be distributed throughout the press, not left in the hands of just one person.
I prefer Coke to Pepsi!!
i cant go without make up today to work my eyes are just out of this world, well they are like dead from the night...thanks dad!
Thank you #Braves for being ready to roll so early in the year and pick me up from hockey fallout!
For once I have no homework
7am business calls. That's how we do.
Hangouts sound really cool, but I feel like not enough of our supporters are on Google+ to where we could use it?
Workin all day
i saw that. Our state politics is the most clumsy on this planet.
k & Jocelin just told me she was going to go back out with you . Your welcome :D
Happy Mother's Day to all Wombed-Men (WOMEN)!!! You are blessed & highly favored of the Lord! Much Love & Hugs!
hahaha yeah, it's kinda fun xD
#ReplaceSongTitleWithJerry let me love jerry. :D
": That's my BF!!! Lol"come get him then
Hoping that my cold subsides some for tomorrow! Want to be able to taste some beers!
Not even tired
haha, they better get going the season starts in 7 days
completed Chapter 9 in
When Someone Is Doing Your Hair & They Say "Oops"
do it! He has some annoying commentary he would like to fling your way!
That's what I heard. Congrats,
And happy game day! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080> Good luck to the boys in Chi-town!
EMMA'S MISSING THE POINT.
wheres the dance att? the double tree??
Because of their toughness, you might have a head-cracking strategy on bending them
I miss the way that shit used to be between us, before all this lil kid shit came between us....
i am indeed! for the first time since like thursday!!! thank goodness this craycray weekend is over
What'z goody cuz!) Hope u good your way!
good looking out! I think I was so pumped at wanted to share that I wasn't cautious of my spelling haha
you are so pathetic.
Haven't slept that well in a long time. It wasn't the longest sleep but def was a peaceful/uninterrupted/mind shut down sleep!!
I love my #Bold #9930 paired with my #PlayBook. It is a winning combination.
hey! Omg
Thanks for the story pickup, Ricardo.
Technical difficulties. Five minute break.
MSNBC -->Could Vonn be Phelps of Winter Olympics? ME-->No, she is the Vonn of Winter Olympics!
hell no lol thats Noah's girl and it's about nobody just a girl I want to be with that is my type
Standing in people's yards with binoculars looking for our cat #stalkers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
The thing i Liked about the Song was his Voice . i wouldnt Like it if it werent For his Voice .
Rather use it towards beer...then charity!!!
Helping to #EmpowerWomen - Everything will be alright in the end so if it's not alright it is not yet the end
what the hell would I do without your DVR lmao
Headed to C'bus for OEA! Should be interesting
At the A where Laura Bradley will again do double national anthem duty for the Heat and Raptors.
Morning squat session and now up the mountain for some snowboarding. Stupid? We shall see...
If you could jump on a plane right now and travel to any destination, where would you go?
If minority kids should be forced to work, according to Gingrich, what should rich kids be forced to do?
dude, you killed it tonight on the voice!
For instance.
I need to get to Rivers Edge for a class asap! I am also addicted to arm balances & am graduating from TT next month! Woo!
"People don't do what is expected, they do what's inspected," 's dad.
I'm probably not going to open the instagram app for while, or check facebook, only because I already know what coachella looks like
Told you, just too amazing! (: June 25th, 2011. We almost a full year together. OmG! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
omg. If you're right, I will bow down to you. a;lfjaa;fkjasdfkslf. I hope they come. :o
hello Sierra! How r u???
You don't act like it.
Should the Mets trade Oliver Perez for Carlos Zambrano and cash?
Me too :). Feel like I have out grown it and am no longer interested.
bet ima hit u up n a min gota get my jr ready 4 school
"I turn .. and look to the American people, and to that God who has never forsaken them." #quote Abraham LIncoln:Quotes, Quips, and Speeches
what? only if it's on a hit primetime show.
Who wants to move to Spokane, WA and open a bike shop called SPOKEkan!!
I hate how Issac sounds in Spanish ,
hahaha, yeah maybe this time around we should give you one
RT : happy bday Nancy!!!! <<Thanks D! I hope you are well!
but boxing is dead tho ... lol
Oh my God, this is so stupid I'm in tears.
Jod, is that you? Welcome to the Twitterverse!
Hey Friends, just a quick reminder that we'll be closed today—Tuesday, May 1st—in #Solidarity with #MayDay and all it represents for
I fucking hate shopping.
Aaron has my phone. I went back to jbluff
hit me wit a follow back. check out some trax follow lets do it big in 2012 get back at me.
First launch of Amex Open API's #amexopen #reinventlocal. Amex and a hackathon, who would have thought? Great initiative by a great brand
The Devil Wears Prada, ITV used to be Granada, I like Groove Armada, Let's all go down the strand, Have a Bannana! that's all i'm saying!
Seth Godin entertaining, but his gaze into the crystal ball needs a fact checker
Hey did you hear it's Scottsville's tour of the town today? Artisan shops, family theater, farmers market so cute, so quaint, so Scottsville
Sorry! Something, buy u. lol
.Good evening!!!!
Everybody needs a hero in their life. #Follow and get your #Hero on...
Way to go!
"Julie wants the D. Get it, because your name is David." Omg, go die.
Putting finishing touches on a banger that I produced and cowrote with EPIC!! I love the creative flow. Now on 2 the next1
Don't believe #SocialMedia is/will be important? MILLIONS of iPads will be sold THIS WEEK alone!!!
Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is #progress. Working together is #success. -Henry Ford
Aw, thanks. Good to see you, too. :)
I would get an ikeep for it
Thanks for hooking up!
About to go for a run in hot Atlanta. Followed by a swim. Ah the little things to look forward to.
I think there is a hole in the cup that had my creative juice in it. Had a full glass last night and today I only had a few drops.
RT : Don't miss this! #DWTS Finale Party May 22nd at with and
makes me wonder why this person was hired by ESPN in the first place. Will be interesting to see what else develops.
This man on this metro bus is getting on my last nerve.if you wanna preach,preach about something positive.not something ignorent & negative
So my psychology teacher called me a 'trollop' today in class.. that's just another word for whore. Thanks, Mrs. Smith.
oh...and you could check if anyone's playing tonight at the Pyramid Scheme.
happy birthday cesar chavez.
I am in love with the front end coworkers at #shaws #family COME HOME if your not already
Another glorious day and another opportunity to rise to the top with excellence. Praise God.
with crushed potato chips in the hoagie.
Took my weave out for a day, can you believe it
Hi Marie!! Things are wonderful...many unexpected surprises in 1st Q of 2012....how are YOU??
MY LIFE. : It just occurred to me that I'm not leaving any of you. You're all gonna still be in my grade. And I hate you all.
Gettin' real RT> That big #m1pdx march...van full o' riot cops headed toward the thing. The crowd is snaking south on 5th.
sleepy it was a pretty rough storm here today
Dinner and a movie! // What’s everyone doing tonight?
Tweeting my cuzzin from about 10 ft. away...
my brother coming home tomorrow!
i would rather speak the truth directly to someone than grin f*ck them & talk behind their back.
Wonderful to at AAC this evening! Ready for the Mavs to get back on track. Need to take care of biz on the interior and box out Gasol 2
u piss me off for some reason
Not Gone Let This Shrimp Go To Waste.I'm Starving
“By changing nothing, nothing changes.” -Tony Robbins
Any idea why she didn't seek a wider view? Aka, bowling alleys, VFW, hair salons, taverns, Rotary mtgs. More to small towns?
Phrases U Like To Hear: Nice Abs! What a Hottie! Lookin Tight! Ur Ripped! 40% Off Supplements!
They way the Pacers keep missing their free throws, Larry Bird must be rolling over in his grave.
Richmond bound tomorrow for a conference. I'm featured speaker.
Reading for preliminary exams has commenced. Until late June, I will have my head buried in a stack of history/science books. Wish me luck!
The past 2 nights my dreams have been filled with images/stories that would put most horror films to shame.. What the F*CK is going on?!
Dude before the season. That's too far away.
And you expect me to believe that .?
Just done almost a full day of manual labour fixing my roof. You won't catch me doing that too often.
Kobe straight up beasted it last night
Breakin open one of my Wisconsin imports, Lupulin Maximus. There's a hop cone in here? Sweet (A shout out to the supplier, )
Gonna be a busy weekend getting the site ready for launch... stay tuned! Gonna be awesome!
Aww how will Vegas ever be the same? :o) Safe travels and Happy New Year!
Hi Brent ;)
Wishing everyone a happy and safe new years. Huge things happening in 2012 for you and the IISA!
Did he just say "Ohio is a poor man's version of Kentucky"? The state or the team?
I always wondered why somebody doesn't do something about that. Then I realized I was somebody. ~ Lily Tomlin via
Do submit something to ! The articles we encourage are rigorous but shorter, more geared toward interaction.
Should I organize my day around seeing Sarah Vowell at the Brooklyn Public Library, or should I not? Seems an easy choice, m
lol I'm shocked they give it to him without a parents consent!
It's a great time to a member of the BBN!!!! If you don't follow , official music of the Coach Brooks tailgate party, do it!!!
I wonder if other Daily Razor sites are hacked? Anyone else?
LOL you were right, thanks.
Really interesting article about the US and Israel teaming up to destroy Iran's nuclear capabilities using the Stuxnet computer virus...
Gearing up for the 2011 AAEP convention in San Antonio, TX. Stop by booth 12016 and see us this weekend!
You already do on warnings and ejections.
does she have a facebook?! Did I miss something?
lol, great analogy
redmond west,working for MS
Cant wait to watch tonight! i'm sure you will be amazing<3 I mean what performance of yours isnt?
Ah so good!!! theater
They conversation dont have shit to do with you
you can do better than that.
ah...chemically laced tobacco....yummy....lol
THANKS for hosting the AFTER-PARTY of #MyAsianMOM you all #rock ^_^
But then I turned on the tv & that's about the time she walked away from me nobody likes you when you're 23
Headed to Pensacola(:
Youth Group :*
im 16. So wat are u doing?
Id much rather go to work dragging ass than wishing I was dragging my ass to work #ineed$$$
Belated thanks for the shoutout! Happy Weekend!
Im getting certified to teach BTS classes»» fitness trainer
It's been one week since school started and we are making TONS of new friends!
Here, there, and everywhere:
Looking forward to a sold out marriage workshop tomorrow!!!
yes, that's exactly how it works. just like diet coke cancels out snickers.
today is going to be a good day.
I wanted to make a joke about this ... but then I just got sad ...
We have learned that Mass. delegate John Adams was the chief author of the Articles for the Navy of the United Colonies.
Lol I'm sure I will too! Thanks so much for talking with me! I had fun! Lol :) Good night! Talk to you later! :)
People who say "it doesn't matter what I think" want very much for it to matter what they think.
oh wow it's Max!! Haven't talked to you in forever. Follow my personal
Baby N does have some cute swimsuits she needs to use!
The Economist’s Profits Increase as Digital-Only Subscriptions Top 100,000.
Well, the LMS has served as portal and core- do we need a core? If not LMS, what?
Went to sactweetup tonight,met some good people,it was a bit loud,but all in all a good experience
lemme know if it needs to go down
follow this guy -->
I'm so mad they didn't call my name & I left then they actually meant to but they messed up and were looking for me in the finals.. #madaf'
Answer our trivia question to win a free t-shirt! Winners will be announced Friday!
Thank you for the #EcoMonday Mention : )
Why do you have to justify it? Postcards are awesome and Tomer should understand this.
waiting at the eye center... i hope i can pick out my glasses today!.
Thank you so much !! For reals (;
Awww thanks so my h Eileen, it means so much to me! :)
$$ Looks like TARP = CAR P = CRAP
thank you! Super excited - it's really going to help anipals out by building a database for #animal #behavioral #health Cheers!
at the library.
Thanks for the reminder ;)
Aww! The poor guy is BLIND?? I pity him! ;)
I'm expanding my job search by using Twitter.
FUCK A CHEESE HEAD .... I GOT MY CHEESE SMILE ON :)
I would hate Belichick for keeping Brady in if it weren't so awesome.
Good morning world! It is time to workout out and get your day started. I will be Gold Coast for cycling.
I have impeccable timing.
Thank you for listing us!
Seeing Diego Rivera frescoes in person for 1st time after years of seeing them only in books is pretty awesome.
#nowplaying The Gords - Gin & Juice. This version cracks me up. Gangsta Country lmao
On tap on 2day. from the AP joins me in studio at 1pm PT. Dr. Karl Kaluza 2 discuss concussions at 1:30pm PT.
Marlo is such trash.
"Once again you get me Every time I can't complain I suppose this is something that I'm getting used to."
#celticschat We are going to win!
yeah...but mostly I just stare at it and ask questions, like "how often do you wax it?"
lol yea like putting up ur new lights <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084> ppl are so generous these days
I would, too, LOL. My nephew's 15.5...so he'll have his license this winter, most likely. Yeesh. Scary thought.
I was so close to Tim Burton tonight I could have reached out and touched his crazy unkept hair.
silent mode on iphone is bad design - missed calls for weeks because I didn't know I had flipped a tiny unnoticeable switch.
Short on cash for college? Here is a 75% off promo code for the first 50 Fall campaign registrations - FALL75.
I am testing a recipe that calls for Pomegranate Molasses! Where the.? What the...
this was a fantastic video. I watched it this morning and thought of posting. :)
I can't believe this at all.
Yes it is amigo. Always enjoy it
Learned a new term...
,ily <3 u r now n forever the one who i cant stop thinkin bout <3
That is my favorite to use live but I also love the Gretsch Silverjet and Fender Stratocaster
STEAK N SHAKE :D m (: with
Now up at #delange8:
I always feel like somebody's watching me.
Riding the Max train seeing all these tweakers has me looking around for the Intervention film crew
Anyone that says Kobe is better than Jordan is obviously smoking crack
upgraded large lights at the wash! Going to be a lot brighter and way more energy efficient!
we had a great time at Community Day today- Middletown, Township PA! Fun!
Thank you Troy!
The power of deep, authentic listening: "I just listened, that's all" ~David Wood, Huffington Post & Pulitzer winner for national reporting
Duchamp fans should make a point to visit the Frye & see the current Isaac Layman exhibit.
your welcome. :P
hahahhahaha alright those are cute
#TheVoice is so fun to watch. Love how engaging this show is.
What ya'll doing tonight? Going to see the at East Meets West in Cambridge! I think yes :)
Looking forward to #OrchidShow this weekend!
Please give a SHOUTOUT<3 and follow <U+E32D><U+E13D>
Have you gotten your Minerva tickets yet? Our June ticket special is coming to a close! www.minervamusicfest.com
I may have passed my test this morning #goodnews :)
Snack Tonight after 10pm {Korean BBQ Beef Sandwich, Pickled Cranberries, Haricot Verts, Cucumbers, & Pea Vines}
we can do both. For pricing call Ben or the restaurant at 415-864-7675
Drinks Americas has reported $1.8m sales revenue for the quarter ended 30 April 2012, a 54% rise from the prior period.
The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing. - Walt Disney
I have to say that Jaclyn Backhaus Rocked at #adoll'shouse tonight!!! If you are in NYC go see it. It is at Access Theater Gallery! Amazing!
“: #MentionTo someone who will always be someone special for you.” <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Thank you, Paul!
Coming back from a fun and exhausting recording session with Arahm. SO TIRED . #Riley . LIVE ReaL<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Go out and vote.
So the word "spell" looked totally weird to me in that last tweet. Like so weird I went and looked it up. I'm not telling the patron.
And there is nothing icy about Kareem the Dream!
can you send me the link to the lineup?
Thanks for following Shane! Hope all is well with you.
omg omg omg omg omg omg is following me omg omg i canr belive this thank you i love you!
I'm used to my girl ordering scotch but she's ordering IPA's and shit. SEXY!
... since youth and physical attractiveness are emphasized in the homosexual subculture.
RT : Rockies win two straight!
I'm off to see the wizard
Good question. Might depend on who it was from!
The chamber thanks for today's chamber team training re micro loan finance.
needs simplier jokes...I dont get them :(
Follo back please!:) x
Follow the 2012 Leading Edge event tomorrow as we tweet live.
The worst safety and security ever!
Thats cool. Does he allow others to write to his trax? Honestly I wrote this song for Mary, but it would also fit u so well.
#FF Hey Marilou! I just emailed you my interview questions! OMG... THANK YOU for your patience!
"All prose must be spare and true." - Moe Syzlak.
THAT'S WHY I LOVE MY #GREENBAYPACKERS! AND THE #BEARS STILL SUCK!
I wanna live in europe.
RT Aries #ZodiacPeople - An Aries woman knows what she wants and knows how to get it.
Sure, we could post the same ol' boring, geeky, web and social media tips that everybody else does... But, where's the fun in that?
today's inexplicably widely talked-about magazine cover seems way more boring than yesterday's
If we got stood up, and then they came through, would that be like getting sat back down again?
Thanks! It was fun (and a bit nervewracking, what with the Skype factor). Pester away, please :).
pregnant?“: Hey Twitter mommies, any good pregnancy/parenting twitter accounts you can recommend? I'm going to make a list...”
RT if you hate tweeting something you think is just genius and no one even retweets or mentions it...
That's a deeper collection of Wired than our Library, and we publish the thing!
It's one thing to believe in God and another to know Him personally!!! Which one do you think will save you? #importantquestions!
Worst of all, the guy is a total DEADBEAT DAD! ...I don't know mob/thug/deadbeat dad romanticism bothers me.
awe! That reminds me of home! Where are you?
Morning! Hosting the return of over 100 Old Guard Veterans for their 14th Reunion - 3d Infantry Regiment of the US Army
shut up. ha ha
Wonder if my cat will get itty bitty kitty diabeetus from my Cap'n Crunch milk
Parisi says he reached out to Tubbs to ask him to apply
Awesome meeting today at & event on social media. Such a cool, humble guy!
dopest motherfucker since before i hit the seventh grade.
didn't see that one coming
My mom is getting ready for Ny already ...
Dance recital today. Cannot wait to see my baby rock out :)
Thanks new followers:
wish I could have been around for the tweets #PartyLikeaMadMan - off to see what I missed...
Follow me and I'll follow you back ;)
will do
Custom Built SEO Audits for San Diego Based Business Owners
ithoughtyouwerecuteuntil i found out how mean you can be! #lostthelove:) #
Hi Holly...looking forward to it :)
Pizza party 2nd block ;)
New training program, working on breaking into the business.
Lada Adamic - right -what can we do with networks beyond just explore and visualize - pretty pictures - what's the meaning
RT What are some cool apps for the iPhone/iPod touch?
Hey lady...I will have to check out your show
Mentorship is a supportive relationship established between two individuals where knowledge, skills, and experience are shared.
I do what I want...
so sorry for your loss. My thoughts and prayers go out to you, , , his friends and family. RIP
Give some love to AJ Ellis at catcher. He has been a rock for the #Dodgers and has an OBP off the charts. Great on D also
Mostly people are pitching work to me for which is a good problem :)
“: #flacon2011 I like David Lankes already!”. Me too.
it's gonna be so good! :)
My boss just called me ,"a people person"...It's official.... I'm a phony..
Um..if I wanted to hear opera singers I would go to the Opera. Chris on #thevoice Not my cup of tea.
come over soon and see her! I haven't seen you in like, four days, which is wayy to long hahh
Stoners live and stoners die, But in the end we all get high. So if in life you don't succeed, Just fuck it all and smoke some weed!
At buffalo wild wings <3 yummy.
You will remember my name! Peace Love n Music :)
maybe he can teach you something
I love it when gets sassy about his segments getting cut short.
2-day epic migraine you have NOT won this round.
so #MNLeg will trump NFL as private business and contracts between networks and NFL? So much bigger than yer sellin
I love you Naill!!! Happy Saint Patrick's day !:D <3
The only difference between a tax man and a taxidermist is that the taxidermist leaves the skin.
Looks like we are adding another Halloween show on Fri 10/28 at the 94th Aero Squadron in lake Balboa. Will confirm on Wednesday.
so true.
But why is this kid telling me his personal problem I really
I think it's a good idea. Is this the question you'd ask?
arent frozen and slurpee redundant in that statement?
I think I'm gonna enroll back in school this summer. Since its all paid for :-)
i just finished 4 out of 6 assignments, one test of 89 questions and a 20 question quiz.
With ally #best friend
What a fab day it was today! ;)
I am stunned tweetless by that.
Happy Wednesday <3 how is everyone?- Abbie
Shut up Gladys none of us speak
awesome idea Llyod! I hope you'll make other areas part of your travels. Either way goodluck! I hope to enjoy one soon
Hi,this may be a dumb question, but are all the pictures and videos saved from my computer to Crashplan Central saved in fullres?
Thanks for the follow! Stop by for a large cheese only $7.95!
lol. omg. you literal nerd!!!
yeah I'd prefer Emanny, but good song.
There's still a pain in my chest, but I wish you the best, but...you. -Cee Lo Green
"MatthewDrewDis" play me sir!
Donald Brown must read the papers. He definitely has been putting in Work!!!
tardy for the mcnugget party.
i need to do my nails!!
will do! Thanks!
Breaking: Repya returns! RT Looking forward to seeing everyone in St. Cloud tomorrow!
The company that can solve recruiting on a national scale will win the Internet in the next few years.
Looks great! It was a blast having you. Thanks again for coming.
Handy at the movie.
Ah its soo nice outside! <U+2665>
lololol black clouds.
Have you voted in our Celebrity Smile poll? Vote soon and we'll post the results in our March newsletter! Scroll down on our Facebook page!
1. This is the most last-minute I have ever been preparing for a presentation. 2. I should stay away from open bars.
This bronchitis is killing me
Freedom of the press is limited to those who own one.
I feel in a really bad mood /:
Was one of abt half-dozen crowded around presenter @ end looking for syllabi, instructional materials,etc. Sign of a good session.
lemme know when
Editing images, need to work on website designs, and helping with a wedding tomorrow teaching lighting...
I'm wondering what people are thinking about the upcoming election: Romney or Obama
Ahww.. She is in a better place now x[
DAY 2 JAMAICA: jetskiing, yeah mon! I was a little scared to drive but I got real used to it with my life jacket on Yeah Mon! Bless up!!
Love to Love You is playing ... in my head.
reading way too much about military bases. paranoia creeping all over
“: Lazy fact #75483959723, You were too lazy to read that number”Haha I read #7 and was done.
Osprey Flyer » China Manufacturing Contracts Marginally ...
nothing to do tonight :(
RT : Petting one happy cat.
what about Freddie Freeman?!?
Goodluck tonight in your pageant! I know you will do great!
Ugh. What were the judges listening to when Shannon was singing?
awesome!! Yell at me if you see me wandering. I planning a stroll through through the booth area today. :)
“: So heres a "shot" 4being honest-»RT I'm so ghetto at graduations lol!!! I love it!!!! Legoooooo!!!”>>yessir
That wind just kicked my ass all the way uptown damn
Ok twitter I'll be back in 30days given you up for
I love you bad. I already miss you
Spinning tonight @ MyHouse! It's gonna be off the hook
it's our last week hanging out after school! ;( we'll hang out this summer though. :D
Can't stop jamming to 'Let It Whip' by the Dazz Band. I know... I have no idea why.
Happy Birthday Lucillle Ball!!
Okay i thought so, just making sure i was rite(:
Thanks for the RT!
Hope everyone enjoys there weekend!! WWW.GEMCUISINE.COM
I think its more so to see if you're doing something criminally. Like maxing out card after card. That's what the lady said.
Thanks for the RT! I like HootCourse, too - nice option for use of Twitter in class. :)
I bet you were a fly ass honey!!!
yes of course, she is a big Purplicious #fan :)
. notes that XML ecosystem doesn't look like a lot of the other data modeling systems out there: SQL, GIS, Image processing
your blog made me cry
How do you eval "ability to pivot" ... critical skill, but how to see/sense it?
I miss being able to trust someone at least 90% of the time.
haha i love being a smart ass to people :)
Auto-generated here.
That was a flop!
but what if its actually a dude
Wait a sec, ill get old IN the Dilorean.. SHIT.. Loophole. Grrrrrr..
Thanks love! <3
did he?
Tator tots. One of the worlds greatest creations.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> only 2 weeks. Major <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089> when I get back please.
had his life saved tonight by Amalia Larson. He would like to think he did the same but it's simply not true. One of these days though...
"Can I borrow this?" "Yeah just bring it back." ....Never see it again.
We are looking for Media Buying teams. Inventory is opening up.
When did James spader get fat?
Damn damn damn
thanks for the follow! hope you enjoyed the show
Follow my big hearted, loyal friend She's a great writer who loves science and tech. Mistress of all trades, she is...
We make most of our decisions out of fear. Fear is an emotions and emotions will bring your life to ruins.
it's not Soul Supreme 3 (coming in the next 2 weeks or so) but it'll hopefully still be enjoyable!
lol I have -A- vest. But it's not sequined lol
This series may be over. Kobe, like any superstar have to be the vocal point in order to be ready down the stretch. Mike Brown figure it out
WAIT.. you're in Miami?? I WANNA MEET YOU <3
I ate peanut butter then drank cough med. It taste like a pbj when I burp
Is it Thursday yet? I'm so excited for Opening Day!
from the 3pt call me Reggie Miller
I did! And with time to spare :) Thanks for asking!
what up boy
Great day in the SE for Super bowl sunday!
every battle i fight makes me stronger everyday. i been through some low valleys. even though my clothes are torn, still goin
m, delicious!
Leadership - The power is detested, and miserable the life, of him who wishes to be feared rather than to be loved.
I just noticed you used this :)
Thanks Yoga Ward for the Gift Certificates for the raffle this Sunday!
I know...i'm flipping between both feeds...
17.5 years for Tucson man who stole while on probation for robbery - Arizona Daily Star 17.5 years for Tucson man who stole while on prob
I was at my precinct in Richmond City this morning for a few hours, I saw some Ron Paul supporters too
If you're not watching Semi Pro right now then you need to fire your personal assistant
Getting ready for beginnimg of the inauguration!
Ufdah, there are too many things going on in the #TC this weekend! Pub Crawl for Cancer, #EdinaArtFair, ! Ah...summer in MN :)
....and that pretty much sums up why I moved away...
me too. I usually leave mine laying out, use them, rewash. Very lazy.
Trying to get 400 points saved up for a new avatar on
#SIMobile Webinar was eye-opening. Now, plotting to evangelize to higher-up mobile skeptics, some who view as disruptive.
It's such a beautiful April day - perfect for teaching the General Prologue of the Canterbury Tales!
Doing good Steve. How are things in MI these days?
oh well ya that's a personal problem. Idk what to tell you. Srry bout that.
what's wrong with ya phone heaux!
Finally listened to the entire "In the Aeroplane Over the Sea" album by #NeutralMilkHotel and it was fantastic!
lol what was it?
stop replying. k thanks ;) you love
Male nipples are proof that god has a sense of humor.
#Thingsthatpissmeoffinthemorning: waking up early and not being able to go back to sleep
GTS (Go To Sleep)
What ever happened to "Death panels"? More fear and lies!
Remider: Georgetown College men's basketball team tips off at 8 p.m. against Lee University (Tenn.) Thursday in Kansas City in NAIA tourney.
Truee lol dude my tailbone still hurts ! D;
Had a great day at ! Looking forward to the party tonight. What do you want us to check out for y'all tomorrow?
Best part of being totally brutalized by mountain - feeling totally ok with drinking at 2pm
Big day for Chesterfield County! We're rolling out performance based budgeting this morning.
I love Water for elephants...
Cosi- Use your Caring Club Card to receive a special discount at Cosi! Caring Club members receive a free smores platter for two with the...
Yu dnt need to knw how to dance to take my classes, everyone's welcome!
well, that might put you in Columbia just in time for Baltimore Parlay 6:30-8ish - free food & drink!
I really really miss
you need grammar help xD
Sounds like heresy here: "Steve Jobs was wrong..." about people no longer reading.
Great news, thanks
It's the day before the NFL draft! Or as we at Bleacher Report like to call it, "Mock Draftapalooza"
I am. And I want it now. lol.
Going to see Avengers tonight.
D'Amico: Why now? Rahm: Big unfunded liability. Uncertainty about biz moving to Chi. Makes it impossible to provide basic services.
Your are welcome, and thanks! :)
thanks for getting it!
Got an A- on my HUGE Art history Test!!
thanks man. We'll see what happens!!
Congratulations on the new baby!
Have a great weekend TEFLers! See you next Friday!
Thanks for the love Matthew! - RT : Great article on #internalcomm and change management! The Communications Blog - wp.me/pZXZB-3l
tell wats up
Look, the gates of Hell are falling crumbling from the inside out!
Lying in bed with too many thoughts running through my mind
Bill Hallmark Holiday
My dude , go follow
Love how KG wants to screen and get teammates open.
Pizza, Beer, Wings, Beer, And our special of the day! What time will you be in? Thursday Night Football too
WILL YOU HEAR ME OUT BRUH?
#wmnldrs If you had it to do all over again what would you do????
Yes, Lord Thompson brought NHL hockey back to Winnipeg. But can he do anything about their winters?
: so are you saying don't use viagra? Lol
Hope everyone is safe at On the bright side, at least it was a knife and not a gun.
Complete the payoff of your home before its too late no matter the prepayment penalty!
What a good weekend with (:
Delight Yourself In The Lord And He Will Give You Desires Of Your Heart/
SJobs was sayin that too - we r happiest when we r doing our craft, what we r meant to do....(sorry 4shorthand, real writer!)
Walker, now attacking Milwaukee, was Milwaukee County Executive for 8 years.
Can you please tell your assistant I got her DM and yes the info was correct. Couldnt reply because she's not following me.
Sunglasses and advil, lastnight was mad real
I hate this class..
Teflon Don, Chilly Bill and Frank Phillips will be here Friday April 27! $5 for a show you won't forget! Get here at 9:30!
Category S-3: MATC, Center for Book, Save the Arts, Play for Change, I Love the 90s
pre end-of-year godaddy domain cleaning... why did I ever by guerillabbq.com!
Looking forward to meeting everyone today at 5:30 at the Laurelwood Panera on Poplar for the #36Percent brainstorming session!
And I'm 90% sure I just witnessed a drug deal.
#rvagptw the Great Place to Work says it's not MORE communication people want, it's BETTER communication. Jenn Robins today at Snag-a-Job
Definitely! NYC and I will welcome you with open arms. But it means you have to stay awake until 4am. Start resting up now.
LMAO! I CANNOT watch MorningJoe. Insipid:)
I always feel like giving up...
..thats so true..the reward is eternal life...matt 5 speaks on other rewards...I want it al.
Try now. I got off the phone with Apple an hour ago and they said it should be fixed.
Isn't it fun? Thanks Rachel! RT : First Date. Must See.
When did profanity become the parlance of creative agencies? Is it out of place?
On my way to a productive (and long) day. HOORAY!!!
Malkin made the same hit on Grossman, yet received not even a phone call.
Happy Friday to you too. Kick-line, lift em high!
I'm loving them. Billy Crystal is hilarious. Cirque du Soleil was amazing!
If your hated your winning. No one really hates on teams who always lose.
My phone is my best friend when I'm all alone at this time in school.
hey i got the poster!!! It's awesome!!! Thanks so much bro!
NTexas #1 band on Frenchman, street of groove & swing. I guess opposites do attract! They should chekout some N.O. #jazz, but I doubt it!
I might be going Saturday and I'm going Sunday for sure.
- great loops guys, appreciate your work!
I really don't know what to say right now
u are billy badass! I have a car u can do that to for me. Lol
Love this idea: If every library in country paid small amt $ could we buy time for a super bowl ad? (via )
oh my god, I completely forgot I even made that video ahahahha
The Vikings might be the NFL's answer to the Republican's Rickey Perry .. They look good on paper, start out great and then fall flat.
Well i finally got to see my love today(: tryna see if we can both get out of class to "have fun"
what exactly happened to him?
Do you guys use Sharepoint for your internal research file sharing systems? Or do you use email...or something else?
I learned working with the negatives could make for better pictures.... ;)
R.I.P ~ Adam Yauch, 48, of The Beastie boys... He had cancer & as a fan, he will be missed..
My Gpa is the most amazing person ever.
Knibb High football rules!!!!
I can not express how meaningless this defensive performance is without MJD in the ball game.... however #GoBills !!
I can't I'm in hyper drive right now.
Having coffee with and the wonderful Chief Snow of Rome, Ga revealing secrets of www.thealteredmovie.com boosting the hype!
1 things for certain: I'll take Columbus rush hour traffic over Charlottes ANY day. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0095>
I'm a woman Dan, a woman. But yes, no comprendo.
To the victims, survivors, first responders, rescue & recovery workers & our military, we honor & salute U today & always.
Lol just cause you smoke, ppl always think you some big weed conecc or sum? Haha hell naw!
Thanks for the follow Lorraine & Lynette! If you need funding for any apps, can help!
So it's "get at Purp" day? Smh
I'm going to #NOLA tomorrow. Where should I eat?
Thanks for the RTs, y'all! :)
Shoutout to all my pack fans its gonna be a tough season but we will get through this i promise!! were to loyal to quit
All SF peeps have it right as well...."Pain is just weakness leaving your body."
How do I spend summer days off? Not in Blackstone, that's for sure. Hope u get some real time off.
Follow back?plz
loving San Francisco so far, being able to walk around and take public transit is nice.
Follow me on instagram
Bailey Belser. Obviously. Can you not read my twitter name? Lord.
I had the weirdest dream + never signed my yearbook.
ahaha I love the pic! Thanks for the plug;)
Thanks to for translating some of our tweets in order to better connect with our chinese audience!
I love you so much <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
You're Awesome! Thanks for recommending us!
About to board a flight for Germany via Dubai. Super keen to murder and eat a camel before tearing Munich and Berlin a new asshoelsen.
oh okay cool.
hi hi
that's a CATastrophe.
What!? How?
I think I need a drink
harry potter?!
Damn right! Why you think I follow so many people? RT : I guess I owe a cold pop since she followed me.
Tomorrow, we're open at noon and the will be playing. Stop by and have a Guinness!
I like her, I wanna wife her!
hahahaha thought you wanted drama???
MT great partnerships, connection, community bet. Jewish life in US & Israel
Since we can't smoke, have sex, do drugs, or drink, the US eats food to comfort ourselves. At least, that's my dumb theory.
Where's AOL when you need it?
I liked your comment on instagram photo! 50!
Not at all. Just sent you all a tweet this morning.
RT Love the music ! Any #filmmakers stopping by #Savannah on way to #SXSW?
Republicans abandon 11th-hour Vikings stadium plan, schedule vote on prior ... - Duluth News Tribune
RT Who made Diet Coke taste so good?
way to lose my id and my bus card<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
thanks again (: I worked hard on it and aww (:
In The Hoth
Getting pumped for a ballin weekend with
A failure is a man who has blundered, but is not able to cash in on the experience. -Elbert Hubbard
i got ya. :) just thought i would ask since its coming up soon. Thought i may have missed an announcement abt it, just in case.
love when my sound system sets off car alarms in parking lots like a real asshole
reading Unmerited Favor is like putting on prescription glasses/lenses for the first time, I think.
RT : #AWP12 #Tech "Don't be hasty. Reach for/build the thing you think you want...Don't feel pressured.'
#quotes Ideas are like wild birds that fly in the woods and perch but sometimes go up on through the clouds and beyond. Gerald Vitiello
I get all of my ethics and relationship advice from
Time to make them breakfast I know they want pancakes and I make some awesome pancakes <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B4><U+2615>
Pietrus fling special. RT : I have Antoine Walker flashbacks when Pietrus decides it's time for threes
We're doing our best to get some more deals for you guys! :-)
i love you <3 why didn't you call me?
can we drop some new zines off, it's our best of MKE bars issue?!
ah twitter...
It's raining tonight so I'm putting the Janet on
Well that was a fail <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>.
cool, i liked you on fb. Do the same for me? Let me know if I can help you with your web presence. Good luck. Steve...
I see yo ass is moving lol where u going now
Never did I read that cleaning up pee was in my job description.
#hawks please trade now. I dont care if it's for a basket of apples.
Trying to connect my social media networks properly. This is confusing. Pardon any erratic tweeting. Shanks!
“Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower.” - Steve Jobs
I think I could sleep all day long, if that were an option. I really do.
That's 6 pts #badgers will wish they had later (2 Taylor wild layups, unnecessary Evans pump fakes = 2 missed FTs)
My new bedtime sucks.
I try to do what I can do when I can do it! Lol
what are you two talking about lololol
Brian from Boston says I will definitely come back
It gets a little scary when life is too busy for grocery shopping....
Re Tweet This If You Think Having To Wait A Year To Watch The Next Twilight Movie Is To Long A Wait !!!!!!! I <3 Twilight !!!!!!!
ok. If you insist! :)
why didnt u stay with caitlin for a long time?
its coming!!!!
Never mistake activity for achievement.
Slightly obsessed with 's 1960s Mad Men issue. The retro ads are incredible.
sucks. But Bri is off-roading and we're moving. Highway is at standstill. 2 accidents.
yeah, i don't want them to HAVE anything else to point to and go "THAT was the wedding". JUST the temple. that's it
Happy Friday!
Agreed my nigga!
I want some ASS CHEEKS on my white t
Noticing alot of people out there helping to spread the word about Woodfish. Lots of new followers! Thanks all for the tweets & the support!
Make sure you follow our new Church that we planted in South Lebanon,
One touch. smh
Music soothes the savage soul!
If a battle is #legit, #US uses its #military, not #insurgents to topple #presidents! #Libya #Syria #FSA are the
So excited! A good friend and a great actor Todd Lawhorne just agreed to play Patrick Berg, one of our smaller but equally important roles.
Today - Poem in your Pocket Day, FabriFaction 2012 with and more!!!
Ours are supposed to be 30 pages but then end up being around 50. They tend to turn into Chapter 1 of the dissertation.
Cool turkey week meeting with former Madden and Summerall cbs/fox producer sandy grossman today. Can't wait to hear the stories!
Help. Seriously.
News drivers should like. Price of crude DN $0.55 in NY to $97.94.
Join us tonight for half price beef burgers and happy hour from 4-7pm!
"Staying artistically pure now requires the mental discipline of a ninja"
I think we share the same view.
Waiting for flight to Belgrade, making mental list of all the to dos for next week. Also pondering why so much perfume in duty free shops?
S/O PRECIATE YOU LETTING ME DO MY THANG! #NFB>>>
What up new followers??? How's the view from back there?! :-)
Researching dog food manufacturers. Never a dull moment!
of course it does. :)
That's not swag, that's stupid.
Is the movie Dinner for Schmucks based on this original film? The stories sound very similar....
The difference between a successful person and others is not lack strength, not lack of knowledge,but rather a lack in will. Vince Lombardi
I'm sorry, Dave said they were going to the gym though</3
I have to wait till tomorrow night to see if Eben and David Leathers Jr made it. Are you kidding me?
I can see myself saying that when i get to philly lol
Looks like Cabrera could use a day off
just a few weeks!!!
how do I get Church Clothes into my iTunes?
. check out 's timeline - using the hash tag #matchme to get people to contribute $ based on # of yrs married.
you waited too long!! It's 7:30. Offers like that don't come along very often. ;-)
sweet! I live in the Ogden! I'll come visit!
#InteneTV In the future both TVs & phones will display multiple video screens with YouTube, TV, movies & Facebook like a picture-in-picture
Looking for bigfoot? You'll need a 4 x4, big gun (angry bears), night vision goggles, GPS beacon, satellite cell, good intentions, nerve...
I'm a #Celtics fan, and I have to agree that it wasn't Coach D's fault.
Ms. talented even looks great in a popcorn outfit.
Living fast at the moment
Thanks for following.
It's Fish Fry Time!!!! Where is your favorite place to have fish or shrimp?
Just because our relationship was short does not mean it was not everything i wanted
Yeehaw! SO cute!
Workout time. In the Gym for the next 5 hours! Preparation is key. Getting these kids ready for Dallas, Arkansas, and Houston.
RT : One of my goals is to bring humor back to the music business. We wok in the entertainment field. Lighten up & enjoy life.
“: Now Watch Me Beef It Up !” Can I get some vegetables with that beef?
dont tell me what to do. RT charge your phone
we have our ways...
Then the Lord said to me, "Go and love your wife again, even though she commits adultery with another lover...Hosea 3:1
Um yeah umm I gonna need you to work Saturday on TPS reports if you dont get stable and unwonky
Almost a Blowout!!!
Happy Leap Day! This hidden day deserves a drink, have a good day MKE.
The movie of Steinbeck's novel is worth seeing, with a great performance by Henry Fonda.
Cabot clothbound cheddar makes a lovely dinner with a pear, sopressata, olives, a hunk of crusty bread, and New Belgium 2 Below winter ale.
Landed in LA! Resting comfortably at Casa Pata y Mary. Yay!!
Zip-lining = our favorite things :)RT : Awesome! RT Tallahassee Museum is going to create a tree top adventure...
RT : something's gotta give!
Wow. Just listened to the "Chicago" tourist song. So cheesy and bad, I'm going to call it cheebad. Can we get our money back?
getting phones calls from friends who want to come to #GREENBAY and watch the game at my place i geuss im having a party #GOPACKGO !!
Hella they come out on may 12th.
To often we hurt the ones who love us, but put up with the ones who hurt us... #This cycle is so backwards.
It makes me sad knowing that Austin didn't get to go to his prom. He's given up a LOT for us. So don't say that he hasn't.
The reason I get in trouble is because I don't have anything else better to be doing because there is nothing here to do. EFFF MEMPHIS.
I really hope that's beef bacon I'm smelling
Moving into the new place tomorrow! I'm happy to be back in Boston again.
My wife is going to unveil Team Yankees Mascot on Sunday @ #TwitterBaseball. Thanks for getting her to spend $
South shore Road - Edinburg NY - is still out. Any word on when we might get power back?
#InMiddleSchool I was a fucking genius.
my mom's BD as well
Excellent, thanks!
remind me to tell you something tomorrow:)
We are pleased to welcome Amber Solis () to the Minute By Minute Sports team!
you jerks forgot me. Last to hit the piñata!
Great advertising opp in #Baltimore, simply gift a certificate/any amount in $ scholarship to my program winners and get free ad; Msg 4more!
Looking for ball screen notes from Coach Majerus at the clinic in Tunica. Can you help?
Going to hang out with the girls!
I won't guppy you next time I see you :)
chillin my nig i see u focused tho.ima check he site out today.
they are literally obsessed with her its kinda funny haha
expect us to be making moves this year!
Love it!! :D RT : Your belly is lonely. We should be friends.
packing my stuff for a weekend at ball state :)
yes, but you'll also want to touch your computer screen
Lucius Accius~ Let them hate so long as they fear.
grammys rock!...old guys - new guys...what a show
Can I print one out online & bring it in?
nice spray tan
2k followers!!! First 10 people to RT this tweet Win a #FREE 1hr design consult. Details DM'd to winners.
That is;a blessing from the stars 4 ME. when the planets aligned at the time of my bloody entrance n2 planet Earth; a cosmic twinkle sparked
i miss you biff :/
not going to flame you. for this.
fantastic. Nothing like a steak, beer and blooming onion to make u smile!!!
Gosh, it got dark all of a sudden! And now the thunder is freakin' LOUD!
your mom xD
Wraped on Mahogany Sunrise.Id like to thank the cast and crew.Everyone was amazing!
For those seconds you hug her i am so jealous because she is holding my whole world </3
RT of this is one of the best #touch episode yet!!
Being defeated is often temporary, giving up is what makes it permanent. My team NEVER gives up. Let's go Hawks, I believe
no. I accuse him of self hatred bc he's ok with thinking of himself as 2nd class and undeserving of equality
Don't let this crazy hater get you down. Man some people need hobbies and to get a life.
what were the rules to the nfl draft drinking game? I think I'm gonna give it a go
Who Was Your Favorite Teacher and Why?
One Week Till The BTWBall
I want money
that's a good one! It's raining bones, hallelujah!
Cotton Fields, or another one?
Anything for bass-baritone? (Me being one, as it happens).
let's combine our parties and make it a Super Brighter Holiday #partyforacause !
Really? Not even a recognition for my 'good luck' nor 'congrats'? Okay...war is on buddy.
And we're excited to have you involved!
Who's excited for the to hit the stands tomorrow?! I know we are!
Verizon sucks. Wouldn't turn on old droid sans dataplan. Bye bye renewal.
that would have been pretty funny though.
and you didn't invite me?! Buttface...
I get that done every 3 months.Doc is really up on it,my Mom had Thyroid cancer.
Hey girl! :) I'm ya twitter follower now! LOL
Chillin with in my head phones realest n.next out of
Totally agree, but-as a non techy-the idea of more collaborative rapport btwn programmers and other services totally resonates.
Thank you kind sir.
no u cant
Ppl become ignorant in the subway line, this is not benihanas..
Money money an mo MONEY
Just got home :) I'll do follow Fridays in a min
on the day my daughter reads book on her 7 hour trip to a college world series he hits 4 HR's !
I've entered (and I want to win)!
Follow BEST FRIEND EVER!
Huge smile on my face as the crowd sings Hail to the Redskins--that Banks trick pass play was plain awesome.
I WANT TO HAVE 100++ FOLLOWERS ! SO MUCH ! HELP ME PLEASE ?? :DD
your a nice gf
Dreads will be put in by May 20th...
That looks much more awkward than it is
Am I the only one who has a freakishly strong love for cereal?
know-Call me the villian, I love the hate
"The inability to take decisive action is rooted in a company's culture." ...Leaders create that and "can break it." --Ram Charan
Easy day at work bout to punch out and go home and enjoy this nice weather maybe make a beat haven't made none in a week
destroyer or nuke depends on the wind and my arm..destroyer will alwys fly.
I didn't even know about it! I'm going to try and see if I can make it. Sounds fun!!
You are welcome!
If education is the civil rights issue of our times, why are kids excluded from the discussion?
RT :) RT @ daynanicole Just read ur article on Building Support Systems & said WOAH too many times to count! A MUST READ http:/
this annoying guy wont leave me alone!
"Prosperity in the form of wealth works exactly the same as everything else. You will see it coming into your life when you are...
Lovee havin my boy at school with me, :) <3
I am so close to getting my D up to a C in my english honors class.
F yes.
#NoManShouldEver CHEAT on his WIFE....that's the point of gettin married.
stumbled upon the greatest dog name ever....hairy pawter
2 projects due on the same day. My teachers are trying to kill me.
Happy 87th to Yogi! It's gettin' late pretty early around here.
Hey our fav followers informed us There's going to be a #MKETweetup next week: is.gd/XIPVIM #exciting!
Darn it Mavs
How does "boyds" incorporate girls and boys? Wouldn't that be goyls?
Thank you to all of the Men and Women who are over there; remember: they're just following orders.
I was gonna text you again.. but obviously im right lmfao.
haha maybe you will Catch up then ;D
hahaha awww he is a smart ass, how freaking cute :P
The first sign of spirituality in a person appears when his desires change their direction from the outer world to the inner Self.
Test today revealed high radon levels in Clayton's Glen Laurel neighborhood. Test your home today!
what a pasting! Imagine having Suarez for a full season?!
One ounce of potato chips has 150 calories. Four cups of fat free popcorn has 60 cal.
Gaga that count of movie since I already am ready to see it yess just now
Happy mothers day & soon to be a mama <U+E328> Have a great day lovely ladies. <U+E418>
And much thanks for tweeting the link!
love is...finding that winning cigar
Learning the importance of
New "Suck it Whitey" ad 4 #BHM shows a picture of George Washington Carver and calls him Booker T. Washington. Come on Whitey!
ICDS is now accepting applications for Spring Semester 2012! We're looking forward to hearing from prospective students! Questions?
it's not too expansive. I got mine with a case and screen protector, and it was only $160
U meet one person and ur whoule life changes forever
Talking with CBP Cmsr. Alan Bersin about border. Any thoughts?
Many, many thanks to new Project 20 Remix backers , , , and You guys rock!
ah! Yes yes! Need pictures!!!!
Boy. Udoh has the blocking gene.
Why didn't I read this years ago??
oh yeah brosk!
So apparently over the evening the patriots got Brandon Lloyd.
GWEN I AM CRYING THAT TUMBLR POST "I'M SO HIP I'M PRACTICALLY A PELVIS" I AM CRYING
thanks man!
Lol thank u. U got a Facebook?
lots of great tips. Need more white vinegar.
Please bring your APUSH book to school tomorrow.
Thanks for the RT!
I Sense Fuckery On Twitter
Syncing iPod's, iPhones, and iPad's over Wifi. You don't need a cord!!! And... it seems to work BETTER than w/ a cord.
And here we go! #marchmadness Hopefully one of my eight brackets finds success.
She has 50 birds. 2 400 pound pigs a cow and 25 chickens(: Ohh and iguanas a dog,cat and guinea pig(:
Obsessing over search analytics. It's sunny today with a 100% chance of geek.
often forgotten part about #interviewing, especially for #startups - are we really vetting people the right way & quickly enough?
Fuck 90 days. I will make your ass wait a whole year. & You would.
Me and the bus driver communicate telepathically, he just turned the fan on.
Happy Veteran's day to everyone out there who has served or is serving. Props!
Hi Ken- Enjoyed speaking with you this weekend. I sent you a video link. I look forward to checking out your show.-Jim
Great portrait picture!
Have a great Monday !!!
I met 's @ V night club this past Friday night He is HOT!!
“ Reggie Miller is my hero for tonight calling out LeBron for "seeking out" NBA champions for mental help.”
But it does make you entertain the notion of a sneak PEAK. What would that even BE?!?! aka thanks for the heads up :)
I know right, I think there would be less war if more folks embraced the b taco.
Vulgarity is the sign of a weak mind trying to express itself. MM, you are too bright & articulate. Please scrap the...
Closed LONG $NZDUSD for +40 pips profit; 1% of the community volume is trading the NZDUSD with sentiment 69% SHORT
What side of town bro? RT I know Baileys Powerhouse got one
My twitter feed now hits me with so many good articles, have no time to read them. Bookmarking left n right.
About to head out for my morning commute to Providence. #dayofdh I have 4 meetings scheduled today. Wish I could say that was unusual...
Guy walking out of Scream 4 - "well it's no King's Speech..."
My unexpected addition to my morning routine after moving to the burbs: waiting FOREVER for the water to warm up. :/
I'll get you a contact. He's sick and needs help, and the hip-hop community needs to come to his aid.
guess what I'm watching...AVATAR!! YAY! :D (Not really a guess since I told you)
haha, you're such a douche. I miss you! How's post-college life so far?
I was too wasted
Get ready, 3-2-1 Henry with MattTaibbi is coming on up
I actually did a movie review on it...it was not my best moment gritting out that flick with the wifey, but I gutted it out.
10 days until and I go to fashion week in NYC!!!
Beautiful RT : Loving loving loving Saturday mornings like this! Woke up at 5AM to write, run, clean, and meditate. Nothi ...
THAT MUST BE A "KRISTY" THING BECAUSE I AM ALWAYS GETTING GRIEF OVER TYPE-O'S IN MY SCRIPTS!!!!
Very speedy :)
Attended 8:30 service this morning
Hey , are you going to doll up and come out to on May 19 for our Dine and Do Good event? Love to see you!
I might be able to swing that. I might even be in Portland by then!
There's a door in my room here in this Bushwick basement that leads right to a C.H.U.D. portal. It's called a Seepage Chamber.
Miley Cyrus is in Miami!Maybe meet her?(:
Fun concert with at yesterday. The jazz gods watched over us. It rained before and after the event!!
Thanks to all our Twitter Followers for sharing the news about this years ghost conference. We appreciate your support.
How many times does NJ Gov. Chris Christie have to say he is not running for Pres. before people believe him and leave him alone.
Come Celebrate The Best NYE 2012 Party with your favorite bartender! LIMITED 'EARLY BIRD' www.wantickets.com/zentranightclub
Rachel : "Imagine a President Rick Santorum..." Me: "uh, no."
Kevin's leaving and I can't believe no one has used the line, "It's the end of a Per-era" yet...
Yes we have new songs! We will be playing 2 new songs for sure.
Yay for Smitty! RT Year ago Smith talked wanting out of CLT. Enter Chud, Cam. 79 catches later, Smith agrees to an extension.
Tacos! :D
Well... That's without saying!
yes. The metal bar of something passed to him swung down and #BAMM, squared me off above my eye. It was bleeding so bad.
Bananas are great for your heart (due to high potassium levels). Not a banana fan? Try these instead: avocados, prunes and yogurt.
In-service to learn about new teaching methods/blackboard 9. Thus far training has consisted of links to get further training.
story of my (adult) life!!! Lol. The chicken will betcha EVERY time! Lol
have now scored more goals in the first 6 minutes than STL goalie Elliot usually allows in a full game! #GoAvsGo!
When my Pacers play, I always look for your avatar for your view. Funny how one "bad" wade tweet makes you a
Ready to see this video
You mad bro?: Seriously fuck Louisville buncha fags for real
Haha he just shot the guy with the giant sword
Cotto is fighting his ass off tonight, much respect, that was a close round, I think that was Floyd's round tho 97-93, Cotto needs KO i
lunch on the patio? Why yes. Lemonade and Clear10 Vodka? Of course.
People are like a box a chocolates, you just never know what you gonna get. Lol Shrimp salads shrimp combos heck I even had shrimp biscuits
alright. thats the 3rd drink today that ive spilt. its time for bed.
Saturday was always my favorite Colt but he's going to a great team. He's worked hard for us and deserves to go out on top. Good luck Jeff
Fuck & make up right after we fight
The show, Boss is totally boss
I'm mad this boy changed his name! Lol! Hilarious
Gorgeous day at Yards Park! Join us in 30 minutes for The Nautical Yards!
o.O have you seen our conditioning?!
What up twitter!
it doesn't look like they banned him, though. Looks like they canceled interview that was gonna take place
Watching this Movie about food inc in Critical thinking, and its showing chicken farmers for tyson.
- No, 59th and Broadway. In St. Pauls Church :)
2nd from the left? That's Jack Young! Keepin' it all local #Wisconsin. We've got to stick together! ;)
Has been sufficiently entertained by Tavaris Jackson.
they plague the city every weekend.....it's a scourge upon humanity
thanks for the great #somolo panel at #dsum12 in Atlanta!
hey mandy! long time no talk how ya doin
good I had a blast
About to hear the world premiere of John Muehleisen's "Pieta"
Why I'm a boss regional organizer... cause I put the RO in aaROn!
At home with a hacking cough for the 2nd day in a row. I'm beginning to want to keep the cough...
Maybe you're younger at heart?
If today was perfect there would be no need for tomorrow.
I have a whole stack ready
The first act is about 47 minutes long. And you're never sure who the villain of the movie is. He spends so much time fighting good guys.
Thank you Richard :D Means alot!
meditation and bible study time for a quick spell=)
In races like state supreme court judge, I sometimes just vote for the women candidates. Does that make me a lousy voter?
woke my ass up this morniing. i was sleeping LOVELY in the van too :(
check out our climate change program evaluated by a stanford team; moms can bring this to their kid's school for free!
im already looking fwd to the weekend!
I think draw something is my new favorite app ever!!!!
#Belieber has to be the stupidest, faggiest and most retarded way to brand oneself 4 a pseudo-singer; surprisingly, there are millions of'em
+1 RT : Cool! Thanks for letting us know! It looks great.
that wasn't me I think it was those sliders
LIKE OMG this is why i hate BOYS
In hampden, shopping on the avenue.
B- it's not a game! Hows the 310 treating you?
Getting myself super phsyched...I'm on week 4 of my fitness challenge & have changed it up a bit. Today it's Abs + Total body. LET'S GET IT!
Charles de Gaulle
dis ovaseas trip got me thinkin bout the fam and love ones
are you excited for the relay tomorrow? Looking forward to seeing all that 3M swag...will you save me a few post its? :)
Chris Paul is going to take us to the finals
yes ! five on it fat sack
Haha new icon RT if u like this !!!
Cuz they don't smile or smell like you they don't make me laugh or even cook like you
Advice on where to buy an #organic or #bamboo lightweight blanket? I looked on Gaiam, but it's all sheets & duvets.
well thats embarrassing, thanks for the tip.
That's my bracket call though. The one side with both regions intact.
To celebrate the FINAL day of the seasonal ice skating season at Belmar, Lakewood--skating admission will be half price Today, Feb. 27, 2011
The only way we R going 2 stp ths headlong plunge 2 socialism by bo & his libs is 2 stp feeding them $$! make them shrivel up & die!
I know! Me too. Amazin!
Let's get to 11K followers! He deserves this because he's such a wonderful person! PLS RT!!
great job! I need that kind of inspiration.
On tap for today: encoding film, looking at new gifs, prioritizing digitization request, compiling links to EU articles a/b TCP.
Pedro Barros..the combi pool is now offically closed.
Will you send us the links latre too?
We just got it in March!
are you familiar with a lot if his works? I'm interested in learning about more about his troth deck
Even though my mind is still healing, my heart is always ready to give love another try. Trusting God's timing is not always easy
Just learned that many famous authors had fathers who went bankrupt, including Dickens, Shakespeare and F.Scott Fitzgerald! Weird tidbit.
shes to young for you bro!
YES. (: to what you just posted on facebook(:
so i watched the voice for the first time and i didn't hate it.
Don't have kids. Hire a babysitter anyway,say the kid is asleep upstairs,and not to be woken. When you return ask where your kid is.
delicious! Thanks to Omar for the risotto for Adam and I btw! :) awesome place & people.
This week we announce our next Movie Night and we're kicking off Book Banter: an interactive book club w/ the ladies of
is it snowing!? Watching the Pats and it's frosty!
"A date which will live in infamy." Pearl Harbor attack on 12/7/41 killed 2,400 servicemen, injured 1,200, and launched America into WWII.
Texting my babe all day long without getting bored >>>>>>>>>
She said thank you :) and tell Mrs. Sardines I said happy mothers day too :)
Not 100% sure. Partly for schools to demonstrate legal process in disciplinary action, & connect accountability to ed mission?
Someone bout to get their ass beat outside smh.... I'm done with the Commons good night
Great season, #mubb!
Just turned on the game. Good to see the man formerly known as Mr. Kardashian is having a career night... in the first half.
Shout out to
Holy balls. alex has made me paranoid of mirrors forever with all his ghost story shit. O__O i get freaked out by them at night now.
Why can't I get to notice me or follow me!?
look at this hate hate hate
is there an option for "neither?"
Tiesto Sunday! You wont want to miss that!
No week like "Fight Week", 5 SHORT days until #MayweatherCotto on
Friends = out of town. Boyfriend = grounded. Me = loner. Not a good spring break at all!
Fuckers on my Biscuit!
…and thus ends my last day of working in a mailroom.
Rockets>studying lol
I bet I know your bday?
It is groan inducing madness but it does help explicate the problem as well as help me show friends how Storify can work.
Yup, I'm on my way to silver spring. x)
after school ends maybe!!! :)
Can't wait to get this party started!!!
how did I get included in shitty Jayz lyrics?
listen to the Jake and Kyle Show live @ 9 on www.wolfpackradio.org. We have lots to talk about with the #nfl and
Where can I try Nog in Cincinnati? ;-)
I hope so! Lol nobody comes to see me
thats a POINTLESS CELEB besides my wifes ass is way better im with ya bro
alas, no one from will be able to join you
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABY !!! I FRICKING LOVE YOU K!!! Have a great day Austin <3
Everything comes naturally, it comes naturally, when I'm with you baby. <333
I have some free time right now if you want me to look at it.
Adding analytic graphs to Interlink for CommitCRM to better measure trends in ticket volume, backlog, and support performance.
what is it for material wise?
true, good point
Sample any of our proteins
A person spends in a dream 30% of life. The remaining 70%, he wants to sleep.
i thought i was your only vato :) RT": Hey baby que paso :)"
Arrogance= unattractive
Saw the film A Better Life last night, whole family cried. Really moving and powerful story . Great job
I don't wanna let a minute get away, cause we got no time to lose. None of us are promised to see tomorrow and what we do is ours to choose.
Fantastic presentation by Congrats to and for really inspiring event.
Stay out of the water if you know what I mean! LOL
"Nobody knows the troubles I've gone through, nobody know my sorrows..." going to go workout... love to all
can I hit it in the morning?
r yhu on spring break yet
One here! :) How's it going? RT : Any miami fans out there?
20 days and counting to LoveVoodoo Fest!!!
At #lax waiting for damaged #delta flt 2365 to Honolulu. Now leaving 10 hours late! Told "looking for tool to put plane back together"
In today's news so far, Browns get Trent Richardson, Steelers keep Byron Leftwich. I think the Browns are winning today's battle.
Aw, Danielle, so sweet of you. I really needed the boost today. Thanks so much + love you!
Oh no. 12 year old and I just watched an on-screen kiss. She didn't groan or hide her eyes. She SMILED.
How do you keep doing this?
Delighted to finally meet in person today, Bob!
At #Paleyfest with my lovely lady and the talented cast and crew of
Actually, it turns out that next week Saturday, March 17, is the official annual citywide retard festival.
idk? I didn't know there was good channels in the 20's:( I don't even watch tv it's on Nick Jr all day
I its Sat but the grind do stop much 2 do
Hello New Mexico! Playing the County Line Music Series in Albuquerque tonight. Good food + Live Music = Good times!! 7-9pm
The debate continues at #NYGC – mobile or social games? I would rather play a game with my friends instead of a game on my phone.
Mother's Day - BITTERSWEET. Missing BOTH of my mama's. RIP I love you so much!!
Fat joe...is alive, and is thin...
When you can sit outside and eat your pizza>>>>
The first step in finding work? Have a good resume!
Enjoying my day off so far my ankles n feet needed it lol. Guess I'll post pics of myself on here n #Instagram allday lol
then how are you able to type ?? APRIL FOOLS !!
congrats on your new deals!! Win win win :-)
Glad you can make it! I hope to see you in my advocacy workshops!
thanks for RT, and may the 4th be with you. What's your favorite #StarWars quote?
Police: Vikings Player Arrested After Birthday Party Beating
lol I just saw the movie Dances with Wolves for the first time. Not as ghetto as you make it out to be actually lol
HAPPY VALENTINES EVERYONE!!!! WE ARE OPEN TODAY FOR ADULT AND CHILDRENS CLASSES!!!
Looking for a job to help make some extra $$ this summer? Contact us today and get to work tomorrow!
“: #marlins made offers to pujols, reyes and buehrle. ( 1st reported jose & albert). "nothing close'' to deal.”
I just think it's harder to write bad Java.
WHY WHY WHY DOES IT HAVE TO BE SO COLD OUTSIDE.
Thanks for the mention!
Trying to stick to your new years resolutions? Add friends/family/mentors to each of your goals who will help along the way! www.IamINC.biz
I can't remember one time he's Ever hurt Me.
Make #exercise a PRIORITY!! It has to be NON NEGOTIABLE!!
Yeah. Defiantly. The next four-five weeks are packed with work for myself and a couple clients. I'll DM you later on...
Come get dirty with us at KOBO this Saturday, April 9th, at MIDNIGHT!
I'm off to read PROPERTY by Valerie Martin outside and eat my lunch. In January. In Iowa. It's 60 degrees today.
YOU can be a Star on VIDEO - Phantom SLO-MO camera in the Lounge in ACC Exh. Hall 5 #sxsw. Filming today & tomorrow only!
The last couple days have been a lot of things...... I'm ready.
Running Formatta Filler 5.0 in Wine so I can fill out an expense report.
Quote of the day,"Do you want the door out of your butt?!" in reference to the cat LOL!
Funny, I always think of the "social sector" as being about social responsibility, not social media.
It's not for lack of boldness; it's for lack of opportunity.
my new addiction to bacon!
NICE! RT : How about a shout out to our own Emerging Writers Group alum, Dominique Morisseau on scoring a slot in our season
And after all the wedding festivities....the Haussmanns are off to McDonalds!
Tired from all the wknd partying? BBDC offers specialty Halloween cocktails & BOGO bottle service! Best costume wins bottle of Dom Perignon
RT LOL : Hey "Fallen Angel" needs to be on the next album.
If there is one thing I don't like in a guy that's when they drink . That shit isn't cute
...perhaps some time we should do an interview!?What's your tomorrow like? btw, are you by chance in NY?
Oh I'm on my phone, I can't see that. D:
#songsiwillnevergettiredof James Morrison - You Give Me Something
I look forward to days when I can again enjoy simple freedom from stress.
The mind is a terrible thing to waste
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: Accident Southbound I35 at William Cannon
Follow your home city back!
Sandi, I'll connect you with the right person, just DM me with your contact info. Thanks.
That's good money tho you can't be mad
Teaching Danielewski's Only Revolutions in New Media, New Modernisms today. Still not even sure if I like it.
Gotta make sure there's enough jugs in the warehouse!
Probs should think about getting to sleep sooner for early morning Easter service at National Cathedral!
Irish Potato Blight hits the Hamptons!!!? What am I going to eat???
Late hit on the skins?...yeah...doubt it.
Nice. see you there
I'm slowly dying... And my legs r killing me bc of the mile ..
RT : : i got #swag. <I understand now. I'm sure if you use a little cream it will go away.
Looking forward to our largest turnout (325+ bikes)! We'll begin meeting at 6:30 and will depart Public Sq at 7:00pm.
#Til #my #last #day by #is my #fav #song CieraMariexoxo
big ups to Owen, founder of GoodReads, for responding to my privacy concerns within hours
they were giving some out this morning damn but i had to got to school (:/) fuck school(t-_-t)fuck school
Following is so much more fun than writing grant proposals! Back to work y'all
Tomorrow only, 11/4, get free shipping to the lower 48 states on any order over $49 from midnight to midnight CST.
Trapped in this life without a plan!
Any spots still left?
It is so nice to see on Twitter. Museum Tech people, y'all should follow him!!
": UGLY BITCHES GOT NO REASON TO...." GO OUT IN PUBLIC!!
Oh how love a good long dry time.
I'm mad too! Wait, why are we mad?
I hear ya! I only shoutout to those who respond too.
June:) & yeah I think I know where I'm going, but planning to transfer to Cali:)
thank you!(:
Bring me oatmeal raisin Grandma's Cookies so I know it's real.
Film is locked! :-)
It's one of the few days, #iWasThinkin I wished I was still in the AF and stationed at Buckley AFB.
. Brought my son to his first baseball game today. It's bringing back mempries of my first game with my own dad.
Having quality co-workers & professional in linkedin help create quality referral. A personal contact is better than a thousand cold leads.
Thanks for the RT!
Soo... Just got home from 's concert. It was such a yolo night.
Sounds like finals, indeed. Good luck!
13 mile run today. No turning back now. On the slow train to White Hart Lane for Tottenham v Newcastle w
Thinking about throwing a going away banger! One last time for everyone to get together
Not much just seeing whats going on
who's hiring?
Yes, prosecutors, should have that power. If they don't #uppers, no one will listen.
I know it makes me so insecure.
Coulda gave my momma that 40 and she coulda averaged his same 7 and 7... And she ball
crap. Was busy. I deleted it
sounds like a fun night lol
Did you guys know about Snooki possibly being pregnant? I know I'm a bit out of touch with the pregnancy but not THAT out of touch.
the say that this country is run by the PEOPLE for the PEOPLE, but it's more like by the MONEY for the MONEY
saw that this morning - I'll probably install it tonight/tomorrow. I'm using TW nero5 now.
Tomorrow we officially welcome everyone back for the first day of classes in the spring semester!
Is the tornado warning over?
SURF REPORT: 4/25/11 Pacific Beach 2-3 ft + knee to chest high FAIR CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 62°F
Movie Review: Battleship's Got Game on the Big Screen Review in a Hurry: With a roster of hotties—Taylor Kitsch, Alexander Skarsgård,
Kinda getting my ass handed to me today in this new role at work...
You guys *tell* me when you are in the park!
Looking for J-drama recs to use for listening comprehension in a 3rd year classroom. Suggestions?
oh god, yes. absolutely
Hey , I found another show you might like! :) cc:
Here is a tip 4 u. Tale a lazy cake dry it out and then mix weed with it. It is like smoking a great brownie .:-) :-)
two words: Trop Smooth
Looks like 's campaign strategy is to further divide the state. #Milwaukee is in #Wisconsin too, you douche bag.
where are you o.O
Thank you so much!
Thinking about it, they remind me of 'Big Country' if you're old enough to remember them :-)
Many thanks, Erin. Best to you and hope all is well.
Hearing good things about you guys. RT : You can start anytime! Let us know!
i need more followers
Tell us what you are going to choose and we will design a tee....Be Choosey girls....it is your time!
awhhh right!:) cool and I thought austin sed he didn't have a girl friend, and is that even his real twitter account?:)
Don't you be holding back your love, don't you be holding back.
profuse nosebleeds :( it got bad to the point where that has to be up my nose for 24hrs.
Seski wonder how far old state capitol from big log museum. Long walk but want to see stamp.
D-SLR takes some of the most surprisingly incredible video I ever seen!
SAY NO TO WHITE CARS.
yes. Starts near the library (staging at the school) and goes down W. Wisconsin Ave. Passes
Steelers Can't take this Ass Whipping lol
People with 60,000 tweets and 22 followers, I'm guessing you should probably shut the f*ck up.
no rules like that in Texas my friend. Plus my helmet hair will protect me. ;?)
#WhenAustin Blushes While He's Singing Because He Get's Nervous. :) [From ]
Bummer, no winners from today's contests. Keep a look out for a couple of chances to win tomorrow!
that defeats the purpose! I'd still have to freeze to get there!!
Any comparable listings for Charlottesville?
We have BoxCartel and playing tonight. Come check them out!
#txconfwomen i wonder what martha beck's life coaching rates are maybe i'll get some jewelry instead
Fountain Hills Graduates Congratulations, be safe and do good.
RT : Holy glam Nicole Richie! Hilarious she almost forgot to name-check her House of Harlow bag
For me, moving is the absolute pits when it comes to the military life.
Busy day at #CPShow hosted by We'd love to see you! Stop by our booth-enter our raffle for a chance to win a large screen TV!
Tonight's Special: Lamb Ragu.....Soup of the Day: Clam Chowder
I bet my friend last night that a movie would make more than $200 million in one weekend soon. Guess I was right!
that would be
You should follow me maybe?? :)
Are you watching the show LIVE right now? What would you like to see more of? Send us a DM or @ msg and we'll work on getting it!
Heard over and over (and over) the Strawberry Shortcake theme song has a sort of plaintive desperation to it.
Heading to the #YouthMediaSummit in Philadelphia. Hoping to enjoy a day learning about what's happening in Philly.
are u a club promoter now or what?
It's #freezing in the #ATL today.. Good thing I am flying to new York
You're welcome! :) RT : Thanks to all my retweeters today: , , , ,
monkey butt!
Needing a new study station
Have you ever seen a flash mob? Wonder what it is like to be in a flash mob? Well today is your lucky today...come to the Miami Int. Airport
To take a photograph is to participate in another person’s (or thing’s) mortality, vulnerability, mutability. – Sonia Sontag
What the hell is going on with mandy?
I love every episode of #BiggestLoser ! Really wanted Kim to win though!
me and are going! We would LOVE to meet our favorite goofy goober ?! <3
So EXCITED we won. Can't wait to see these highlights! What a great day! I'll be at TD for Game 2.
CONGRADULATIONS ON 1 MILLION VIEWS!(: SO PROUD OF YOU. ILOVEYOU<21 AND I WILL NEVER STOP BELIEVING IN YOU!!!(: <21
don't worry, I don't know Spanish either xD
it's all the same lol
I got it all
(& her twitter acct) thank you RT : #MadMen so cool!!
I hope Brett Lawrie likes unpaid vacations. Judging by what I saw he's going to get one. The late Billy Martin would be proud.
see you soon! See phone.
Damn, He Asked Everybody Else To Come Over, Except His Crush. And It Didn't Seem Like A Friend Visit. =(
nope got 6 more hours
Same here I've moved but the heights will always be home to me! I like Bell for some reason, it's quiet : )
Always interesting (if you like SEO): Top 10 Tips to Transition Old -Fashioned Content Into Real Time Web Writing
After all, what's a life, anyway? We're born, we live a little while, we die
R. Williams is the best rookie back behind M. Ingram...only question is how long till the starting job is his 3 weeks, 10 weeks, 2 years...?
Check out our website (www.richcomputerservices.com) with our newly uploaded TV commercial that's running locally in San Francisco!!!
Had a great time at #DMFE12 yesterday. Jewish museum is a great setting. Need better internet access however.
If what you're doing is not moving you towards your targets, then it is moving you away from your targets.
The Shelby County mayoral debate with candidates Interim Mayor Joe Ford and Sheriff Mark Luttrell has begun on News Channel 3 and wreg.com
I always have wonder this myself u know people say great minds always think alike haha
lets share it
Cruising is so much better when the houses have Christmas lights
I just ate a whorls bunch of aderol & shit was weak!!
lol I'm just saying!
RT : It's a Toro y Moi kind of night....
Excellent news! RT: Thank you very much for the delicious Simple Granola--the family loves it!
Pedicure..blue with white daisies
Re-reading ROCKET BOYS in time for next week's book group mtg. It's our One Book, One Community title this year - great book!
fuck that. Be here tomorrow
how could someone hate 1D? They're AMAZING!
sit at home & wait on a real nigga
Yeahh I get it boss .
21 fouls on Indiana. 9 on the heat. #smh. Let them play. Shit.
Bird Toys SaleCheap Hagen Living World Pacifier for Medium Birds - bird toys for cockatiels
I'm gonna buy a shirt as soon as I get my coins up!!
heyy twitter headddss i been goin for a minute but
I wonder Who'll win!
Joke: A businessman just married a divorced woman removed the "Just Married" sign at the back of his car with a sign "Under New Management."
Diligence is the mother of good fortune
Interesting... the LANGUAGE OF FLOWERS cover seems more appealing to me than that of THE NIGHT CIRCUS!
Tonight Chris Paul joined Rajon Rondo as the only players to tally 30+pts, 10+asts and 5+stls in a NBA game this season
Isn't that ridiculous? Although I do like Benjamin Walker. But still!
good question! I was out of town for the MW tourney, but we could have watched Friday's game together. We need to catch up!
worst of both worlds...industrial agriculture.
when is the cabaret coming to Atlanta?
RT We're hosting a bowl painting party [today] with on rooftop plaza from 10am-12pm: ONLY $5
God is great, beer is good and people are crazy:)
Am alwys a bit perturbed to hear ppl say 'that's not (insert dish, eg risotto.)' Reminds me of 'that's not art.' When is there only ONE way?
Reeking of garlic and not feeling bad about it!
Canon G1 X: The Camera Caught Between Two Worlds [REVIEW] - Mashable
What ever happened to yall fucker all about #stopkony??? Guess that was temp feelings
Must find a way to catch the US match today.
Settle down, its the 1st quarter.
Just had the most delectable dulce de leche churros Stop.
damn i need some caffeine
Yummy red in my brand new Riedel glass.
Congratulations on being our lucky winner! Please DM us your mailing address and we'll get your DVD set to you!
Lolla'ed out..?? Go check out the free after show at the HOB back porch 2 night..
Our Support Center is currently functioning, if you have further concerns, contacting support via email is the best method atm ^CS
- Oh! Where are you?
Loss of emotional balance is the top killer of a) witness #testimony and b) #sales performances. It's all psychology, baby.
That's disappointing. I won't stress then about not stopping there to try one!
Let's talk jobs & economy! No more "shiny objects," please! Attempts to distract so obvious! Where are the JOBS?
Heading to the Dreamworks studio Monday... couldn't be more excited! #ANTZ has got to be an all time favorite.
Niall Horan? I’d fuck that. Zayn's lips? I’d kiss that.Liam's dick, id suck that. Louis's ass? I’d tap that. Harry's bed? I’D BREAK THAT.
will you be out soon? I'm craving a veggie yum yum bowl.
We're curious to know what type of shows you are presenting and where you are finding the most success or the least.
Um. It think you are thinking of the attitude students bring to TRADITIONAL courses not FORWARD-LOOKING WEbversities!
completed her food and exercise diary for 05/09/2012 and was under her calorie goal
Lookin' good... where was she?
It's mainly in the character duality thing, and the lying to the wife.
#Family farm is primary source of income for Saad’s family of 8. He will build it up to pass it on to future generations....
My thoughts exactly! #ImAVictimParty RT I love Santana so much
oh blah. Allegedly three chocolate cookies spoke to me too. Echo head desk.
awesome!!! Are you so ready for summer??
Suffering threatens to make life meaningless. That is its greatest danger, not the pain it inflicts.
so good!
This WEEK LOL
Steven Tyler doesn't look a day over Archaic.
&I gotta go up my school -.-
Repierced my nose, oh i missed it (:
too far
i LOVE tweets!!!!
Ever get to a point where you're tired and wired at the same time? Mind movin but body slowin
I think I'm going to add an "azzle" to the end of every other word I utter from now on. It just sounds better.
Oh, A little too anxious.
Classy females <3
well they like me the least
Sorry for delay...I always look at intranets as task based, but if whole intranet isnt task based it may be counterintuitive
not only did I miss SUNDANCE by a few days, I caught a cold in Salt Lake City!
Nice feature. Have you worked with many other area restaurants?
De Graaf: Hawaii is the happiest state in the union, West Virginia is the least happy.
Most people missed it! I mean, no one was talking about it..
Working on: copyediting a straight-to-E monograph No footnotes, thankfully.
got it already!
thisz retarded ass mutha fukka has me ready bout tuh catch uh case!! yuh cant compare to me!!!
YAY! Happy to be part of my 3rd event with the most talented librarians in the world!!!
Oh, man, I'm sorry. That bites.
#YourNotADirectioner if someone asks you your favorite band member, & you say " well i like all of them except .. " NO.
hey austin if u didnt know i check ur twitter page every second of the day rt mention or follow me back love you <3
me and are country boys at heart.
Up early with the fog. Yoga, Thai Chi, outside chores, stole 2 eggs for breakfast, laundry, now bread baking. Potato planting later.
that's not true. they don't always play in america
Hawaii is home!!
Lol here comes the lighting..
My eyes don't shed a tear before they pour.
absolutely gorgeous.
jamie garcia
I don't think they know that lol (:
“: Be honest with the people who love you, they deserve your honesty.”
I'm telling u put crumb Snatcher on a t shirt LOL
Working on my body get back like it was.
AMEN! “: I'm just going to sale drugs and strip...and maybe do porn! Fuck school!”
Women are auditory learners who benefit from muting men& see their actions match what they say.
I use my custard powers for good though don't you think?
very soon! :)
I sing One Direction songs to my 3 week old niece while I'm feeding her. She'll be a Directioner.
i'm not beautiful ! you're the beauty one !!
THATS RIGHT! You can become a great friend of mine with just 3 small payments of $10.95!
But really, you should keep tweeting that Romney fired him. It's responsible.
still in a delay?
hes one of the best rappers
I stopped by 's place to say hello, but no one was home.
dont be silly, webinars are why they made two screen set ups
Awsome to enjoy our subjective view of the world, yet amazing to understand our limitations and break free through imagination!
Soon on Display in Brooklyn: 'Holy Grails' of Baseball The 1912 blueprints for Ebbets Field were presumed lost, another casualty from a m
lots of acting work coming up. Had to turn down an audition for the first time. It was kinda sad. :(
Oh hello (;
dunno why I am so tired. I went to sleep at a decent hour.
If anybody ever describes me as of the "millennial" generation, I'm going to hold their hand in a garbage disposal
Glad you're having a great time at #AAM2012 Are any other MAM students or alums there?
The moment when you lose all the stuff you just typed into the video credits...
A sharp vision, backed by concrete plans, offers you an exceptional feeling of confidence and personal power.
If she ain't feeling u don't get mad at me lol
I'm loving my life!!
your livetweet of watching Goonies for the first time is hilarious.
Much like Pete Martell, is a prince of a man
I was home last Thanksgiving.
“: I was kidding. I just wanted to say something” this explains most things on twitter.
don't mess with beer karma!! It will bite back. Pay the true price.
Been really paranoid lately.
Broke Bitches Steal Clothes; Real Women Got The Money To Buy Wat They Want!! Its Not Even A Hustle Its Just Sad!!
RT ": Next time I see my bestfriend, we're going to take dumb pictures together. <3"
Oh it sure Did Berlinda! Will be rescheduling the event! Hope you are having a wonderful Saturday!
no, I went back to my hotel.
So pretty. Do you have a link for the app?
hahaha thank you Richie!
I do it all the time. I refuse to communicate in symbols when words will do. Feedback>Grading
#thingsblackfolksargueabout who hit that
By the way, the current presidents term ends in 2012... GO FIGURE. Lol
HAPPY EASTER!
A little more excited to tune in and watch The Ohio State University Spring Game today on
how is your day going
Beer Breakfast Tuesday was moved to today! Today's menu: Cigar City Either and Ruthless Rye
faculty and staff get a 15% discount at the Katzen Museum Store on First Fridays. Stop by before 4!
Go to a bar and grab a drink ;-) Life's hard, I know :-P
Happy Mother's Day to all!!...
My high was definitely emailing me to say my writing is dope! Humbled. Always grateful to have support for what I do. Thank you!
after all that buildup I did expect more
Managed to get myself into an important class. That runs the week of Rosh Hashanah.
So close!!
“: see you tomorrow! #WellnessWednesdays" very excited!! Will be fun! has rocked this!
Poised Creation seeks to be the vehicle that helps independent artists become successful!
Thanks for RT of article. Following you. Feel free to follow back
": Shit ain't all good but it ain't all bad"
what advice would u give 2 someone who has low self confidence??
Despite the margaritas last night was able to fix my lab coat, Doctor.
I feel exactly the same way. On the positive side, I feel less that way every year. It gets better.
that's unfortunate. Have fun at the gym! ;) just mother's day stuff this weekend. Oh, and I'm doing the flowers for an event. :)
Apple Education Announcement: All new iTunes U with dedicated app to let teachers do everything all on their iPad - LMS-like
Wondering whether our titles are in a library near you? Insert our title on www.worldcat.org and it will tell you!
ask for EIGHT slices of lemon, and dump every packet of artificial sweetener that is in the holder in water. Urgh.
Laying down a hot version of St James Infirmary for Fat Tuesday
Really I just totaly embarrassed myself in front of a bunch of cute guys -__- #onlyme lol
you're right Derek. Hope you're feeling good - any ATL plans soon?
Lol spent 32 dollars on nail polish. YOLO. It was special. It's Kardashian Kolor.
nice tweet, thanks for the love. Team roots.
I like the new Twitter UI more then the old one. Good stuff.
Im in #orlando #NBAallstar2012 lets party tonight @ #executive hanger.
Oohh I gotta checkout Chili and Film Noir! I love Rubywoo! I know you know your stuff! I just referred you to some1 btw ;)
Sooner than later,is always better
just finished reading #angelsanddemons.. good read but I got a feeling the movie's gonna suck.
that on Take Care from Deake? A remix?
All that living in underdeveloped countries was bullshit. Washing machines and twitter are the way to be.
My parents officially hate me! I didn't get an easter basket!!!!!! what the heck
thanks Lyndsey- means a lot to me!
You ugly homo.
still awake...smdh
God! Why am I such a huge puppy lover? -_-
Damn. I better start packing for DALLAS!
Trying to get my son up. We've got to get to flocking!
dm ground breaking news regarding academic leap forward by eliminating most /all book costs? Rapid deployment-effective learning
Now that I rely so much on gadgets, I have trouble finding a pen when I need one.
Lonely here without my baby!
hell no. Minimum requirement. :p
THANX It tastes even better!
Excited to begin contributing to 's blog. Hope you guys will come check us out!
I am sure I would be. Luckily, you aren't reliant solely on your writing...
I'm gone get that dance lol
"The scariest thing since sliced..."
I love to serve fish with veggies. My son loves it. Carrots and Green beans are his fav
OMG OMG. *passes out* RT “: Gearing up to write with the dudes today. I feel a good song is in the air.”
Wow just read about some of the racist tweeters from Boston. Another reason for me not to like Bean town. Despicable. Go Joel Ward!
but nothing will remove an actual stain...have to cut it off :/
Already the final stop of winter
So much to do...where to start? How about procrastination?
Area 31 packed again
Never knew love would feel like a heart attack
bad for the tequila right?
would you have an interest in discussing collaboration?
: There is protection in doing things in order."
Happy Friday.Watch your speeds out there, Photo radar van on Silverbell near Ironwood Hills.If your going out this weekend call 520-798-1111
has anyone else ever ran into an issue where a custom javascript sort won't work on an object's property? works fine with a reg array...
ANNOUNCEMENT: The winners of the Las Vegas Promotion our Cristina Rivera & Ileana Miranda Congrats! And thanks to everyone that entered.
Dear heart, why him?
Q4 Just finished Civil War and thinking of doing a unit on Black History from Reconstruction to today.
Free food! RT : Dinner in NY tonight 1st 200 people at Sylvia's Restaurant by 7 pm in Harlem. Leave ya money/credit cards at home.
I want to go to the Fantasy Factory.
#multitasking Working, Tweeting, FB'ing AND about to start the 15-hour #Marvel #Avengers movie marathon! We're excited!
& in the event we get attacked by bugs or frogs, I can almost guarantee we'll laugh about it later lol <U+2764>
The only Polish Deli/bakery in Baltimore did not have them. He said they had them last Thursday :-/
Not that I know of, other than the existence of a Facebook page.
RT : Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood ~ Marie Curie RT
Goodnight guys:)
Well I ever know? Probably not. So I just need to keep trying.
fridays gonna be a really good day!:)
My mavericks are blowing out the knicks
Nah, the usual amount.
#7DAYS TILL THE BEST MOVIE THIS YEAR... THIS IS SWEET !!!
How many tattoos do you have that you want to get rid of?
Woke up in a great mood. It's Friday!
My Sextet will be making big sounds on the little stage at Katerina's Wed nite stop in for great music and a showing of my original artwork
I have a friend that actually did that... I could hook you up! ;)
thanks cousin these are my kinda people.
Did you know your former instructor Dave DeVries has a show at Sacred Gallery in NYC? Check it out!
you might have a scheduling conflict with the show then...:( that's too bad!
I Gots Lots To Say
RT : if YOU're in San Antone, you BETTER see tonight at 1030 at ! this dallas girl is jealous :(
bring me some.
Internet Week New York has officially begun! Which event are you off to first? #IWNY -CS
spicy fish tacos with honey, cilantro slaw and capers.
Finally back in LA, traffic in CA sucks!
she wants someone to giver that rifle get it? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Thank you David, for clicking my name.
yeah sure
One final is done!!!!
and yet i was the ONLY actually finding something to do when ya was on the phone but we still didnt do nuffin my mind is blank :/
RT : A1: ...quick primary source examination, ability to record comments, create video clips pertaining to topic access web
bad move!
Thank you guys. M, cake. ;o)
Shooting the flying squirrels .Promotional video coming out soon.
Thinking about you as I make my own trek to Boise for a funeral this weekend (great aunt).
Quote of the day: "Sometimes the most laid back person has to step up when it's needed."
oh, liking the new Twitter layout!
Poor Ashton K. He's always getting someone's panties in a bunch!! Lol
got cancer-scanned in o'hare last weekend and they still felt the need to probe my ponytail for contraband!
NCAA Championship game @ 8:20 tonight: 1/2 price wings, $16 domestic buckets & $5 grey goose cocktails. Who's stopping by?
People tweeted about Girls enough that I watched it. This is why people who aren't Woody Allen aren't supposed to write/direct/produce/star.
The Marlins have contacted Jose Reyes and plan to talk to Fielder and Pujols
Q6: I'd be quite happy to just learn once & for all how to keep my derailleur adjusted correctly.
remember when you tried to grab that CD from me on Coldwater? She's perfect music for you and your audience!
Long day ready to lay it down
#LOLat people who think they are food experts because they eat a shit ton
Damm, that only lasted a week, she got to boring!
Good morning ^.^
Dedicating this day to my car...lol getting it all cleaned up! :)
thanks girl! I am entering the working world today! So excited for what is to come!
Comcast Profit Exceeds Estimates on Broadband Additions
My homegurl might move in with me
Life is a monster. I smile and rock my day. Hope you are well. Midweek!
Thanks for the info. Checking it out now.
I have soccer playoffs tonight!!!<3 You think you use your wise words to help me get ready for it?<3
Great news! Congratulations, dude!
Nothing wrong with a thick chick ;-)
I need that one thing. You've got that one thing.
When people think of me they think of studying and things that have to do w/ school. 1. I HATE SCHOOL 2. I NEVER STUDY 3. I'm just like you.
the first 10 seconds are a bit awkward but this shit is banging my big. fuck yes.
school is so much more relaxing just for the thought that there is exactly 1 month left.
Egypt is not part of persia... lol
Miami's a rider and im her roller put us together how they gon stop both of us
Smoking weed isn't drug abuse, hitting it is.
Lmao! Don't worry we're not judging you :P it's your Twitter, tweet whatever the hell you want!
Have a lot of footage. Could make a video montage. Who knows. Any suggestions? No bleeders.
Watching Pride & Prejudice with mom
Countdown to big pour week one week & counting .M beer.
Anyone who does not understand your silence, hardly understand your words
I suppose these rebels have great PR like the POTUS himself.
its hard cuz u run out of things quickly
so the gop enery plan is to allow chinese style pollution? Awesome.
Do you have your phone?
so great connect with you!!! Thanks for risking ur life to take pix!! :) wanna check out ur work. This my personal
CONGRATS TO AND to winning the Brit award for british single! :) <3
I tweeted u By mistake..
oh, and apparently, you look like a mouse?
#killyoself lol RT : I wonder how much $$$$$$ we about to blow on liquor thoooooo smh I got 7 bucks on whatever lmao.
Oh Bonnie and Alicia, I LOVE LOVE LOVE...
just bought that book you mentioned yesterday .. Uh kinda excited about this lmao
Unfollow this page it got hacked! I need you all to follow my new page pleasee and thanks ;D
thanks for responding, and I agree. Would love for more content specialists/experts to get involved (for creative engagement)
regulate the practice of law and attorney fees, regulate bankers and fractionalized lending, regulate drug trade, reduce government spending
pretty honored to see in my inbox a follow from you!!!
dang man... been forever.. how you been?
My father used to sing to me in my mother's womb
i like being a toe, it's fun, i get to surf inside socks BABY
For everyone not yet entered into the FREE iPad giveaway, head to our FB page now to get registered. www.facebook.com/theclarionmc
air force ones
Back to back Pocket Rockets gets me up to a healthy 20k at first break.
thank YOU so much for making music :) can't wait to hear the new album, what are the songs like?xx
Hope you have a fabulous birthday!!!
playing at Dirty Dog on 6th at 12:15pm!!! Free Lunch too! Come! :)
I started the first one to see what it was. Couldn't get thru first few chapters. I'm stumped.
(Also: ugh 2 ppl do who prop up the homeless for their own agenda, w/out recognizing their social justice awareness usually btr than most.)
when you're sick what do you do? Take days off the gym to rest, or just take it easy on your workouts??
Up at 3am, my normal witching hour. Facebook is telling me to "write something..." but I got nuthin!
“: If you trust in your god why don't you let priest's make your medicine?” Or babysit your children?
Happy Thanksgiving!!!!
Europeans use too many smiley faces in texts and messages and it really makes me feel uneasy
Welcome to the family. Proud to be a Deacon.
I may need a photo of this one!
Follow the big homie CEO of Lets get him to 40,000 #followers. Don't forget to shop today! #fashion #followMONDAY 0
RT : What if hogwarts isnt real, and Harry made up a false reality to cope with living under the stairs?
Come on BULLS! We need this!
I'm literally working 9 hours today so I won't be around much. If you want, you can just shut Twitter down until tomorrow.
But. What. If. I'm sick of sake
.okay so what now?
Chocolate Chip Cookie Recipes Is there ever a bad time for chocolate chip cookies? I think not. But I especially like making them on week
How bout dat LSU Tiger baseball!! Winning 2 games today and turning around for SEC championship Sunday at noon against Vandy.
"Healthy Southern Food" doesn't have to be an oxymoron.
Happy Leap Day. It's an extra day to spend with your baby girl. Enjoy it!
Can you all feature us in an upcoming #DMVTrain?
HOW ELSE WILL I KNOW IF HE LIKES IT!!
Steve Angello just added to the lineup?! Wowowowwww
illegal immigrants, who have resided in the United Sates for an extended period of time, could become legalized.
Best magazine I have read cover to cover in forever (february) The Oprah Magazine.
Checking emails..
I know ok a lil slow on the tweet, bit the beibs was robbed at the Grammies!!!
So much heavy thinking lately. #teenagers #ex-husbands #Discernment Time for some fluffer-nutter. #ModernFamily or #NewGirl & sleep
Fuck that didn't even play on my own team <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Wow Georgia! I thought Carolinians had accents. And I thought Miami had mesquitos! But damn! Got attacked pumping gas!!!
That last tweet, I really sounded.desperate lol
How many pushups can you do in 3min? Avg is 55, if you can't do 75, #menshealth says you need to lose weight or gain strength. Grrrrr!
Think about the two guys that got drilled in the face with the football by Boley. I bet their faces are hot and throbby right now.
it's cool I understand. Was the rest of the night fun?
When did iOS remove the ability to skip back 30 seconds while listening to audio in the Music app? I used that all the time.
“: I'm pretty sure I'm allergic to Nickelback.”
April Fools Day! Don't be tricked into buying a vehicle you don't trust! Visit #MelloyDodge & be sure you get the very best vehicle & DEAL!
gotta beat u need to murder
Loving some #bryanadams at trinity!
Watching the Human Centipede :(
Definition of art according to someone's attention for as long as you want it. I like that.
Sure thing! You can't go wrong with any of them.
Cats fed. I'm buying a squirt gun to keep them from scratching at the door for breakfast at 3am. Grrr
I'm in PA in the am then have a meeting and work til 5pm but can do an evening class? Xx
Got lost. Found Bookmarc and wanted every book I saw. John Currin, George Condo, Patt Smith, Veruschka. Love.
I remember pre-walking. My sister used to take my toys and sit on me. :-P
with the #newfacebook it's harder to maintain a balance between personal and professional life. everyone knows everything!
Exciting, off-dry and enjoyed at room temperature or chilled on a warm summer day
I guess I should come back down and give you another.
I'm totally a mover and a shaker and love mingling with them too! ; )
My sisters water just broke!!!!!!! Omg yay my nephew is going to be born
thats a lotta starch...lol...but I'm sure it will fill into all the right place...until mid-30's lol
no, I'm a bigger fan of tinseltown.
Yelp uses a Google map on its search results page, but a Bing map on its restaurant detail page.
Are there any #bigandtall groups we should be aware of in #colorado?
got a day off tomorrow and im gonna take advantage of it
As your wife, I pledge to remind you of that...daily...both verbally and nonverbally.
what is up with you?? Lol funny af
so one txt me , nothing to do , rain sucks
(What Would It Take…To "Restore Honor To America"?-(Two)-pt…(2of 2) - "Black" History The "Black" President "Obama" Should Know.)-on youtube
Me too. RT blueberries are totally weird on the inside
- It's just more stressful. Thanks Chef!
Also, software needs to be flexible, modular and easily updated #edchat <- all three of these are built into :D
Although I had to come to work today, I stand in spirit with May 1 International Worker day and the OWS passive activists marching thru
Respect it or check it
Nothing like waking up to an @ list of twitter spam.
has no yarn room because she bought TP ... [cont'd]
me too, man, me too
Don't forget to play DDR tonight or tomorrow for your chance to win FREE tickets to The FP at Hollywood Theater! Details:...
But it still has weight. RT : What about competitive hiring? Do traits of #diversity weigh more than skills & exp?
I just got my copy last week. Haven't started yet because I'm afraid of how strong the sirens call may truly be.
Stop by the DAC for Research Day today to celebrate the work of Drexel's best and brightest from 11 - 2:30. Awards presented right after!
I can't imagine living and not running. -Paula Radcliffe
my guess is true
about 9pm...they are on airline...the best
Time to get to the money$$$
I wouldn't expect you eating anywhere else!
Absolutely .... or is it just an obsession ... one of the two .... or probably both.
Beautiful red leather Lazy Boy sofa $450 and recliner $150 at the Wash. Co. ReStore
Still up writing songs...... Hitting the studio Thursday with homie .The Classmatez on the beats.We Taking OVER
i love hearing people talk about true love, in like 2 months ur 15 yr old ass will b screamin SINGLE LIFE YOLO... all that fake shit.
Omg just spilled moisturiser all over the carpet
#avengers time with
Do you have a favorite fantasy sport Mallory?
Grotto tonight. live feed starts at 11pm.
bored's
RETWEET IF YOU ARE MEXICAN OR SPEAKS SPANISH
me too I can't wait for summer
Good play, imo. ": Going to start Demaryius Thomas over Frank Gore this week. That's kind of sad."
Battle Royale makes Hunger Games look like The Smurfs Olympics!
I might pay my bill and change my number instead.
Love it when the "big boss" comes by my desk and says, Alright girl, 11:30. Lunch. Mexican. And margaritas.
My husband Glen, my knight in shining armour, my hero, my soul mate, my closest friend and he makes me laugh. I love you G!
not sure that you love me, not sure enough to let me go u say u dont wanna hurt and dont wanna see my tears but baby why are u still here?
Are you testing #chromebook for student use? What grade level? Is this a 1-to-1? I'd love to hear your thoughts, do you have a blog?
glad you enjoyed it! My pleasure.
follows me please : ) im fans of u :D 10
Yummy! Don't temp me like that!! Gotta stay fit for Vegas, right ?!?
I had a long night!!
Nice. I've been enjoying the treats I've been getting this week.
I know right!
In case you were wondering, "Throw the Goat" will be performing a concert at the Universal Bar and Grill on 2/24.
oh nice! Is there any cover or anything like that? Ive never been there before. Haha.
Major major police action involving a shooting in NE Portland by 47th and Fremont (my neighborhood) stay off streets!
The story of " lafayette" is one of the best stories I ever heard. Layette: the lost hero
Your link isn't working. Is it just me?
Matt Kemp. Current MLB leader in consecutive games played!
Keep calm & Smoke weed :)
The ladies of #theview were yapping so much they didn't let the DR get to the point of where the G-spot is.
If you want to make the contribution this year for tax reasons direct message me.
it better be a BiG stocking!
hey,hey
Mens' and womens' schedules are up on the site! Coed will be up Tuesday. Internationalindoor.com
lmboo! You put a little too many times though haha
very very very very important point.
why? I can't either and I'm so beat
oh my bad <U+263A> Thanks!!
Yayy! that's awesome, can't wait to hear about it! And see you soon! :D
Words of wisdom! RT : Just applied to and so should you.
I'm about 12 days behind on email (and everything else). The insanity of catch up starts tomorrow. Sorry for the delay, world. I'm on it.
: Can I add you on FaceBook! Please and Thank You!
oh jeeze, beyond words amazing! :-) hbu?
Follow and I will give you 5 shoutouts, tell me if u did!!
haha he got that "im gay" mixtape and "the number one bitch" hahaha that shit trivv
RECIPE, please.
no forever(:
Some of my best childhood memories were driving an hour down to the Capital Center to see the #Caps with my dad.
#20ThingsAboutMe I wear contacts >.<
2 make Everybdy happ I think I would need a Clone
Don't shag a fat bridesmaid.
Thank you TT for putting me in Texas Weekly "hot list" wink wink. U can B My Friend Julian - you hot too.
Follow he always S/O randomly!
Sandusky: v. Rape, tarnish; suck the fun out of
okay, i am just beside myself with these ex-girlfriends of our president releasing a book. really, really...!
I need that lady with the super powers that makes people poop their pants on sight.
way to go out on a limb, all the Boston media is saying the same thing
"Ah, angels of the West, companions in heaven, What now, what's the latest, what visions, what arguments, what sweet agreements?"
Stoked about Oregon.
my phone won't let me send messages so I'll have to talk to you on here
the biggest problem with the public school system is that funding is tied to property taxes
RT : "You need to be in a really unique business. Some people need to think its the most important problem to work on." Thiel
Hahaha! It is torture! But you get SUCH a nice tan!! I LOVE when its hot at the beach! AHH!! :D
oh yeah right, I'm going even if that means having to hide in one of the suitcases
damn itz like that ..
..just out here in San Antonio chillin..tryin to get my music right
These bitches need mo home training
Is there any way to enter multiple to-dos for one person or due date without having to select it every time?
So, I think everyone in EngComp, should have everything updated on their page. Everyone breath.
Sometimes its nice to stay home on a friday night&lay in a comfy bed&watch movies!Especially Friday,How High,Blow..u kno oldies but goodies
New House baby.
get your shit together carol!
we'd love to talk to you about how we can make switching more simple (and reversible) for folks that want to give it a try!
we got this tonight. I got a class for my masters so you better be tweeting. I need you as my eyes on the game!
Anyone that is interested in cuting cost with empolyees, direct message me I have a plan that can help you....save $$$$$$
Best in Law Blogs : The LexBlog Network : March 23, 2012
Think ima crash early <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D> I just saw something I DID NOT wanna see :c I hope my stitches are still there cause I thought I saw a hole <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Thanks to for setting up the Linked In discussion for Tweeps. Good networking!
Gotta be honest: I don't get why Jeff Fisher is getting his pick of franchises to drive into mediocrity.
I want a hot dog costume
so sorry for your loss, sir.
thank you, thank you! Hey ladies! Get funky!
Finally back:D did I miss anything?
Fixing your hunger, one burrito at a time! :)
My account got phished sorry to anyone and everyone who has gotten random stuff from me it will be fixed Monday.
I hope Robert Villanueva ( ) finds #AGirlThat makes him really happy & has everything he looks for in a girl.
This is going to be the 1st post that I retweet. YOU'RE awesome!
I'm looking to get 1000 followers on Twitter by the end of the year. Spread the word. Share the good, free music.
Useless tidbits of #knowledge! #CHARISMA, from greek origins, means "filled with grace."
what up? (I'm a landlord and I'm not terrible!) (remember I have a house that's mostly, usually vacant).
PATY* please I beg you!
Seriously RT Ugh. The last 40 miles is always the longest.
Another for : Hot Sugar #fakebandnames Girl, Give Me Some of 'Dat Cotton Candy
ahh shit. You don't have lunch?
The Dentist will see you now...
Chile peppers are relatives of tomatoes, potatoes, and eggplants, all belonging to the nightshade family.
what if being dead turns out to be tougher than being alive?
Ok, I'll just say that SFDC Touch does look pretty cool.
Glad that diversity in publishing is being discussed, but sad that it has taken so long. We've been in the game since '75
He is like a Mountie, he always gets his man. And he'll zap you any way he can…
be happy to. Pls email and let's set up. Thx!
hey | Best reading advice we heard... Read with a child, it's the most important 20 minutes of your day.
"seam seam salibeam" Brandon keeps sending me saying this quote and it's now stuck in my head. Do you now the movie?
lol ice cream! <D
#wfgm_org was hacked by a phishing scam.We did NOT send a DM asking everyone to access a link.Thx for everyone's help over the last 48 hrs!
helps to improve alertness and
Another Nuggets home game is tonight! See them dominate the Sacramento Kings tonight at 9 p.m. ET.
Sittin in the grass testing Christmas lights with my dad. Such a nice day as well! I love being on vacation!! X
Baseball benn berry berry good to me...GO TINCAPS
I havent seen dry all day
Hi I was looking through your company site- First Person Communication, and I was wondering if there was a contact email?
Really wish my N-64 was up here at the shop right now!
not signing, hiring to front office
It's thought theory. No way to prove it. I think that the mind is capable of such thoughts speaks volumes to our potential.
has been chosen as an Alternate in the Innovation category for #SXSW Festival's Interactive Wk. Hope we slip into those finals!
which one
Props 2 ESPN for their piece on Bobby Petrino by goin 2 a Waffle House in Fayetville 2 interview a waiter who looks homeless for his opinion
THAT is why Kobe is my favorite NBA player. Takes the tough shots, and makes them a decent amount too.
I'd suggest trying places like the public library, and NUVO... sometimes even facebook if it's local...
Volunteer meet up Thursday ant HQ 7pm!www.ghartwalk.com
Join us for Sunday Brunch, reservations for parties of 5 or more, delicious All Organic Vegan Juices, Cocktails, Specials & Full Brunch Menu
hahaha. Not quite.
Mom!! The meatloaf!!
awww yea. super sexy spring storm.
Dallas, TX - need females for a calendar shoot (topless). Pay is 4,500 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
Ha, if only everyone followed those rules :-) Happy Thursday!
CHECK YOUR GMAIL! IN NEED OF A FEATURE. THANKS
party is 2nite, 10pm, Easy Bar @ Division & Damon. 2mrw I'm @ Allerton *7pm* with a sax player u will F%$#&^* LUV. BURNING.
sounds pretty perfect to me :)
What?! No thank you?? Forget u then! RT haha. We're ready for her!
happy birthday to !!! I am talking to your mom right now!
This is a joke right??
sitting in the sun? Isn't it bad? Sun rays are damaging from 10am-4pm.
Wished my company would issue everyone a laptop and sunglasses so we could work outside!!
Call your mother. Please
relaxing watching some tv for once then birthday tonight
/// Are these cats playing "Shook Ones" for the Spurs??
I don't know what started the fight! But then everyone's been complaining that I'm too tall! I can't win with this crowd! ;)
Damn, son! I gotta say, the Serf is pretty baller!
Looks great, whoever owns that company I am sure is very happy.
- in my prayers!
A lil #happyhour never hurt nobody, Patron margarita anyone?
RT : There are more US households with dogs than with children. Get into the pet biz says
My skin has been like flawless lately with no makeup not gonna lie ! #natural #confident :)
Gonna skip the #Phillies game tomorrow. If they're not gonna show up, why should I?
*Yawn* I Think Imma Go Night Night Guys!!! I Love You All With All My Heart!!! #RusherOff <333 (:
If 3 things align this February, the first press release will be very interesting. Publicity, promotion and review push to follow.
The NCAA will really be screwing up if they get too involved here. It will become amateur hour on every campus in the country
With the risk of 2-3" of snow, I fear Portland my never recover from the destruction headed our way.
Thank you all so much! Our music on Myspace has been getting so many plays! Thank you thank you!!!
flannel shirts wrapped around my waist to expose my self-cut sleeveless Pearl Jam shirt will never go out of style. I'm down!
how to write without vomit
LOLz right! :P
The coolest thing I did today was play with the effects in Google Hangout and put a monocle on the video image of
Kindness is better beauty.
So nice out today! Shame to be stuck in my office!
Omg revenge words cannot explain how good that show is!
I'm in the new oj commercial but I haven't seen it yet. Did you see it on network tv or cable? Thanks!
I don't care how we met, I'm just happy we did
Anyone want an invite to Pinterest? Love the site and you will too!
Core 40 review with and of course Maddie Durbin (:
Big thanks to who gave an #AddyInspired presentation last night. And even bigger thanks to everyone who attended.
thanks! Definitely excited about it.
If grammar was a priority in your life you wouldn't be on twitter
2ND WINNING PICK - #NFL WEEK 3...DOLPHINS/CHARGERS #TAKETHEOVER (44)...TRADITIONAL AFC SHOOTOUT!! LOTS OF BIG PLAY CAPABILITIES HERE...
You can check my bedroom
IT'S BOTH
i dont get how the whole seedless thing could b good or bad.
hope to have a great night & even better day tomorrow & yes I am blonde with blue eyes.. Nightynight ;)
Sounds a little like Neil Young RT : It's better to wear out than to rust. Let's move!
My head hurts today :(
: in my opinion...still talking to your ex is like not burning a very "satisfying" bridge with many "benefits" P;
we only need our minds cleaned
Yes each state wants to protect turf RT : layers of regs hurt honest agents- doesnt stop crooked. missing something?
- are you serious?
watching the MJ memorial on CNN live...so sad...RIP MJ
likes them!!!! "you dropped the bomb on me, baby....."
Eden Lounge will be bananas tonite!! Special Edition of "Eden Fridays" Happy Hour. Fabulous is the dress code!!
Happy Friday
Be sure to pick up the April issue of and see photos from the 2nd Annual Fashion Plates fund-raiser!
Haahaahaa. You know that's right. Dossgirl luuuuvs her some cleanin' tools.
There is a chance that your networking marketing company has lost there mojo do research before you join
Yes, today is my Birthday. Cake does sound good!
Oh Yeah!!!
I'm trying my best to stay up he talking way to much
then when they act like wild animals, put them down like wild animals = population control. rid the world of em.
This week's SocialBrief is out 2day feat. - and #chocolate!
We now have just 6hrs left of our drive towards MUCH warmer weather. By this time Monday we'll be cruising towards Jamaica!!
DEATH ON A DRIVE IN THE COUNTRY - American Reporter
hope you'll be ready to come to #ripcity when the #lockout is over. We'll be ready for you!
"Is that chocolate or a freckle?" -
Thanks to Jackie "The Jokeman" for a great dinner at the Friars and sitting in on his show, Jackie's Joke Hunt on Sirius Howard 101 Tues 7pm
I checked opentable for reservations and it said unavailable for 8 weeks! What will the wait be like this weekend?
Thanks! Love the service. RT : loved the News.me write up on your blog! Glad you're finding the email useful!
Ohh, is that supposed to hurt? Really. If you are REAL. You'd call Dawn or shit to prove it. but all you do is make excuses.
You're welcome. Hugs from afar.
RT : Coming up tomorrow: the first of three special previews of one of the Pottermore chapters.
Cuz niggas like you straight gay for repeating the word zesty boy boy lol...
Has everyone been enjoying our yelp drink week?
last time we hit durty nellies it was to see an AC/DC cover band..learned today they've been doin a spring beer fest for 18yrs..who knew
One more week until I play Annie in #Annie - Rehearsals all next were @ the college. #EXCITED for Annie, Jr. broadway
great seeing you Looking forward to upcoming events
Hey mb is on forgot to write tht on the last tweet! Who else goes on this account?
Today's K atty tip: Sensitive #documentreviews require a sensitive review facility. Is your agency's facility secure enough?
oye wichy...thx buddy, yeah im getting up there but u know im still doing it big
I do follow u.
did i tweet that? (why the RT?); also, those folks have audiences; i'll have to re-read your post to better understand -
I wonder what Austin is thinking right now <3
:) have to dig that photo of youtubing while car riding
Absolutely LOVED and tonight. Thanks for being my Valentines tonight, guys!
raw dogging/raw ducking
You're absolutely right. On my very first day. Mercy. Lol
Wonderful to know!!! RT : awesome! Our team ended up raising over $5k selling funnel cakes and the event raised about $250k...
You always seem patient when we talk, but maybe there's something you're not telling me...
So the Phoenix Nordiques it is!!!
#HIV infections are still occurring at a rate of about 50,000 a year in the U.S.
Has any one tasted >Saint Helena Island: Napoleon Valley Estate Coffee Please get me word about it thanks Ira
Actually, I don't think is the twitter account for Craig's choral group Conspirare.
i saw mr. plant at uchi. i gave him sexy eyes hoping he would make me famous...didn't work.
Um, YEAH I do!
And we love you, too!
On the web: It is uncontrolled
Down by cake? :)
So, I am excited that I am now a member of google+ I might actually use this. Facebook has just been a link sharing site for me. #google+
Going to concert tonight!! It's been awhile since I've se
have you checked out the ?
Dunkin'>Starbucks (blue collar>yuppie)
heck yess !! buhh than again , when is he not ? :)
GM! Thought for the day: If they love you, they will tell you what you need to hear not what you want to hear.
niggaz fear what they don't understand & don't understand why they fear
Tonight Jazz/Funk @ 8pm. Let me see the part of you that wants to dance!! Let's werk it out in honor of the Disco Diva!!
lol that's awkward
Wade cleans up his miss
We Call it "The Children's Museum of Indianapolis": via
Some people on site they thought that it wasn't Miley on the site was the reason certain questions were not answered.
I am a person of ACTION. I will seize the moment and I CHOOSE NOW.
I just love to prove people wrong
Carl from our office will be at the Game Marketing Summit. Connect with GT Events!
A little mad were even open today.
Gathering anomaly team to check out a valve out on the pad ... T minus 4 and holding #AtlasV "that's so 27 seconds ago"
Don't feel good at all
A big beach hat! RT Question 4: What is your must-have item to take with you on Spring Break? 5th tweet wins!!
can't wait to see you guys as well
Pulling for NC State tonight ONLY so that KU fans will return to KC and hit up the SKC game on Sunday. Could use a big crowd...
I'm great wbu?
Eh, it's on the sign-in page. I occasionally sign in from other computers, so it comes up every now and again.
One fisherman sees another from afar. ~ Russian Proverb
Why the hell do my fingertips hurt? I still got all my guitar calluses so why the hell is it hurting to play guitar o_o weirdness
I'm off to punch my nutsack to some choking porn over at Tumblr. Later!
i even find myself obnoxious. going to watch 8 1/2.
2BR/1BA Duplex in Grant Park area. $800/mth $400 Sec Dep. Inbox me for more details (Please Re Tweet)
I believe in the SUN even when it isn’t shining, I believe in LOVE even when I don’t feel it, and I believe in GOD even when he is silent.
I'll be damned if believers aren't the best band in Columbia
Proud of my guy , who threw a no-hitter in the home talent league season opener today
glad we got to put on a show for you two, and reality meet you!
Side note: You mean to tell me that Andrew Luck doesn't have an Android or iPhone?
we have more than 10,000 photos of our trips for our t.v. show and are taking the best and putting them into a book. whew!
You are such a damn sweet talker! No wonder all the ladies love you!! Titanic next??
Heard the event went really well last night Sorry I wasn't able to be there.
Nothing like a little Earthball on a Friday afternoon
tell me why this old ass granny lady flipped me the bird cuz i honked the horn at her for standing in the middle of the walmart parkn lane
the road you choose to follow in your life may twist , turn and fork but what you do on that road makes us who you are.
"Turn To You is decicated to Selena" So Justin came out of Selena's vagina. Haha NO
Why does it look so dark outside?
no hype I'm fareal
Why kobe not touching the ball on every possesion
I mean some people just settle for less Sis but u and I know I'm that good good mane lol
for the 2 things you've done? People are going to get paid but thanks for making my choice easier. Coming to get your keys today.
t live your picture
i need a twitter best friend.......
okaaaysss I will !
didn't hear that. That Guy is such a fool! Makes you wonder what he thought after he saw it on TV
Ha - asked hubby to grab a vitamin water for me (lunch) and he brought home "focus"
he pressed the report spam button
#jamaica's los angeles soccer team one world united fc is practicing their moves for the
I just updated my site via weebly: check it out!
When homophobia meets schizophrenia.
We're scared to ask what movie you're referring to. But since we love movies - what movie are you talking about?
Shower time
Marry Christmas, Merry Christmas! HAHAHAHa!
Sleep time... be safe out there support Platinum Posts by checking out our page... www.platinumposts.com thanks! -Platinum Posts
It's our PO box for everything fan mail :]
I mean, if you're going to go football, go Rudy, ATLEAST. But Hoosiers is a natural. Idiotic. What the hell was that, anyway?
Thank you, Chad & Xavier!!
Don't approach me smelling like u ate a Buffet of nothing but pussy
Yay! Can't wait to see you again. I'll be down on Tuesday.
Yes! Steelers
RT Signal your interest and offer to help!
just watched your new music video...love love love just love it! You are truly amazing and talented. <3
I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
Last week of the sem. Doctoral study in opening stages. Second semester has to be ready by Monday. Aarrrgh. Anxiety sucks!
Congrats on a clutch OT win for your Pacers. Arena sounded LOUD on tv! Looked full too
too bad it's the flyers. Do any of them have front teeth?
We will be live tweeting the Shelby County mayoral debate and the extended 30-minutes focused on children's issues tonight from 6-7:30 p.m.
ha you're welcome:)
I can't wait until genetic experimentation is widespread. The idea of having mutant henchmen do my work is too promising.
But I guess it doesn't matter if you are fake have no real friends as long as you're fucking popular.
Wonderful dinner tonight. Thank you for creating an amazing restaurant. Just class and totally divine.
"dont have sex, cause you will get pregnant and die."
miss u too! U need to come visit!
Joe Nathan has 2 losses on the season. The Rangers have only 2 losses on the season. Joe Nathan plays for the Rangers
haha:) awww yes I will definitely try to talk my mom into lettin me!
If only Orioles fans could put some of that energy they expend hating me into something more useful... like washing my blimp.
I wonder if thisll make it on the live feed
it's okay.. It's been awhile now
Best of luck! Only a few more finals left until summer.
u think that's something? read this! NOOSE abuse! FL BZ SUED FOR THREATENING BL WKR W NOOSE follow me, JJ julieforjobs.blogspot
Drove my wife's car last night and listened to Philly's "Rumba Club" which has been lost in her CD player. LOVE the CD. Rumbero soy.
RT Launching several new menu items this weekend! Come check the deck!
do you guys think i can borrow the 7d for my journey? i promise to be super nice and bring y'all lavish gifts :) thx
#IThoughtYouWereCuteUntil your cockiness came out.
Yeah, about a third of my mentions are gone, and I have zero messages now :-/
Body sore from the move but my mind's at ease...thank u Lord 4 this Sunday morning ...
Who wants Colts Cheerleaders in front of Lucas Oil Stadium as you run/walk by?!
I am a very experienced driver, and I'm not old enough to go into the bar and proud of it lol
#MFL in the Building! Club G5 next time u in that motha fucka ask DJ Fat Boy to Drop That Bad Bad Bitch!
It's almost June and I "need a sweater or jacket to be comfortable"...I am so ready for summer to come and stay awhile!
glad to have you join then, glad you're still here raising bloody hell.
um, first of all you did respond and second you did say ikr lolololol
Big fan of the book! :)
It seems like every time I log on Twitter there is a trend about Justin Bieber.
#FF , , , : Thank you for following. Wishing you the best for the Holidays.
I would love to see a report on how american living overseas have to pay taxes whiles busineseses do not.
You don't know how stressed I am right now...//:
#weather is kinda creepy here in #Indiana!!
Deals On Posters All Weekend! Check us out at Musical Stop.com !!!! The on Stop Shop for ALL Indie Artists!!
I hate acronyms with every part of my soul. If you don't KNOW that I know your stupid acronym, TYPE IT THE FUCK OUT
Why would you win? Sage has better hair.
It going down nov 17 at the king of diamonds guest Ray J live in the buliding
First Suggestion, Women love flowers guys you don't have to wait for a holiday to buy her a small bunch of daisies.
I'm busier than Michael Jackson in a day care center
Newsflash: Two terriers can polish off 1/4 lb of Maytag blue cheese in about 2 seconds flat.
Honor the
Swing by for a drink this weekend!!!
Yes she did. My moms friend said she closed the shop down & opened two donut shops. The blasphemy!
is the dopest female rapper in my city hands down
thunder got it i think
My first leg is done
Bitch mama should have swallowed her!
Austin tries his best to notice all his fans! RT if you love him for that. <U+2665>
Follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." - Steve Jobs
Gonna coach some football?
RT : I know some are talking up Ron Wilson, Part Deux, in D.C., but I wouldn't hold my breath waiting for that to happen.
WRONG! but it does smell good left in the car RT : "I feel like I could never get sick of Subway. That shit is so good!!"-Jessie
gonna put this video on YOUTUBE n a minute,jus somethin 2 do while im finishin up the new mixtape!
Buckingham Palace has 602 rooms.
Your day is coming. When it does, you will crush your enemies and feast on their flesh. Or you might just get an ice cream sundae.
wow that looks great, can't wait for it.
Just purchased my package and the new At Bat 2012 app! Ecstatic for the 2012 season you ready?!
I'm on the hunt for a few good homemade ginger drink recipes. So far, a lot of them call for tons of sugar though.
I got, like, eight free CD's thanks to #RecordStoreDay. I'm listening to one right now, and it's pretty great.
k cool so don't front for twitter like that!
This! RT : Q1 effective searching methods, coupled with good cataloging practice
Me Does that shirt say Goldcoast Australia?!!? Grama Ya, i got it like 60 years- let me guess, you want it? Me Oh gramma you should have! :)
yeah... Mine suck. HARD.
absolutely - been to Pueblo and/or CS like 3 dozen times, never been to Pikes Peak or Royal Gorge. Took my mom & uncle visiting.
Is Guardiola mental playing that formation against Chelsea? Hmm....I originally went for 4-0 Barca this leg but they might be too attacking
we played bellarmine up there but two games got rained out so we are playing them here tomorrow
As it should be. RT : At church gig; rocking some epic bVII cadences.
So stoked for Big Eddy tasting here tomorrow
Ottay, i hope your day gets better. (:
Therapy dogs on the Quad today from 11am-1pm. Get rid of pre-exam stress!
from wat I hear....yes it's true but I'm not that sure if it's true!
call my mothers phone assap.
Oh no! The Magic School Bus just got eaten by a tuna fish!!
Dangling little kids at the Pepsi center in t minus 1hr
RT : standing with #ows. Thanx, from one vet to many others!
I been good. In the books as usual tryna get out of here. How are you?
Seems like a nice day to fly a kite. Think I'll take the kiddos out after work ... as long as it doesn't rain!
First person to use coupon code 'sixty' gets 60% off wwwmlasvegashcg.com
Check out , an eco-friendly line of stylish handcrafted shoes with soles made from recycled tires.
hell no you are way better looking than brandi!!!! ;)
i <3 #silentlibrary its soo funny what they make these people do!
Who would've expected BHO to check his bio for a book. He was a prolific book writer in 1991 & before, no? 1st time & he ignores bio, right.
everyone is going to prom besides me ya I'm lame..
Errone is blowing up my phone right now.
had a bad day today, how about a follow to cheer me up ? xx
He hurts me everyday and doesn't know. He talks to me as if he did nothing. He made me cry.
Why did I just look and she was like <U+E40D><U+E404><U+E412>
thanks for the support! And yes, I'm very excited to be able to play in Manila :)
After a long journey, ‘Abdu’l-Bahá’s train pulls into Washington DC. His friends see him in the window of the train and wave.
My friends all ask just why I want to change, and all that I can say is it's all because of her
For the record, the radio station did credit as the source of the story, and was complimentary of
For some reason Digging Your Scene by the Blow Monkeys keeps playing in my mind.
All only season passes will be honored at for the rest of the season! There's still time and new snow!
Come to the QBar tonight for 50% food and drink specials, and music from the one and only DJ Dizzan!!!!! It's going to be awesome! 6pm-close
I have come to realize that our greatest accomplishments were brought about not by effort and drive but by the strength of surrender.
Happy Birthday!!
Curry + Lunch = Smiles! You like to SMILE, right?
T - 3 days until ! We'll be following the events on #socialmedia. Are you going? What are you looking forward to the most?
And we have snow. Wine? Check. New movie? Check. Christmas tree? Check.
painting mah nails,(:
Are you ok?
your so hot lol
i think that would be more the logistics of display. silly businessman, hippos can't fit through tiny doors.
hey u follow ppl bak ill follow them and f4fs ok
Let's go Pens and Kings!!
When life is perfect, keep a positive mentality and do anything that you need to do so it stays perfect.. :)
Ready in 10 minutes?
Boy swimmers, god dayyuumm they are cute ;)
from the only customer at the price cutter grocery store in rockwell arkansas, happy thanksgiving!
These men at this lounge
Two holiday shows added in pittsburgh! November 12th and December 22nd headliner!! Come out!
Is your phone dirty? We love your phone just as much as you do, let us show you by giving your phone a shine with our free phone detailing
Photo Retoucher available with reasonable rates. Looking to book orders:
Just received a shipment of my albums tonight.
I am so happy for Oprah. What a woman. What an example. I think her for giving God all the glory. It was a wonderful testimony.
Agreed. She's always engaging & smart. RT Jackie Macmullan, by far the best moderator yet
Where you wanna vaca?
Boot Camp today at 12:15, be sure to bring water Steve Armstrong is teaching class. STOP back tonight for round two at 7pm with Steve
I don't understand why you have to wake up so early on Christmas. The presents are still going to be there when you get up.....
he's got an excellent point Jon.
RT : I hate sunday nights
RIP Jennings Osbourne, the biggest philanthropist from Ark not named Walton. Thanks for your contributions to our state and the Razorbacks!
So glad I have a #uverse service appointment today. Woke up to no internet and TV signal.
you are SO welcome! Cute pic :D It was great hanging out with you ! :D
where you watching the fight at?
Just released- THUNDER OF THE EAST- a documentary following the UB marching band through their 2010 season. See it at primalcine.com
Where are you hanging out? and I need to say hello to the big radio star!
Today I am working hard to get sponsors and promoting the #WalkAcrossAmerica. Also pray for n my absence. Thanks everybody!
I KNOW!! I was smiling looking at those sixty degree temps coming up. Best of all - sun and cool. :)
Back on set. Pick ups, late nights. Good times.
you were born with your hat on too, right?
Increase in "Flaring" Tied to Pipeline Shortages: by Minjae Park With oil production on the rise in Texas, drilling companies are inc...
Sadly I will never stop being your fool.
Ha everyone getting tats.. but wen ya get older u going to be like wtf why i get this shit.. all ya tats going to be faded and saggy lool
You are so welcome & so rite.... This message has taught me!...much love & keep him alive, cause I will
well if it wasn't for you messing up!
why? I got used to vi some time ago, just 'cause I could, but haven't had to explore recently.
My daughter just woke up and said to me, good morning sunshine! That just made my day : D
Once saw "kill whits" sprayed on a bridge in the hood. But "Death to Juice" is even better. Maybe he means O.J. Simpson.
lol, when arent you hungry or eating? ;)
Kingdom Builders on norfolk
Super Resource - Best Direct Payday Lenders handpicked and compared! www.loans-from-home.com
We need Pine proof.
Is that a brag or apology?
stop watching the news!!
Kirk Douglas is charming. And he'll be responsible for this #Oscars show being longer than a Jerry Lewis Telethon.
RT Via- Follow these great peeps
I need to get it shipped you want to go with the grey??
naw bro! say it to my face bro
I will be getting Batman, Nightwing, Red Hood, Catwoman, Justice League, SuperGirl and some Wonder Woman. Just a few books
Born with the mind of a winner
So excited for orientation at University of Florida on the 17th and 18th!!!
I always prefer to believe the best of everybody, it saves so much trouble. ~ Rudyard Kipling
hi world <3
didn't you get use to that after banking?
It will be a long 4 hours!
It's just ridiculous, and tragedies like this can result from it.
Sneak preview of new book: "Redesigning with Personality" - Great read, written by - can't wait for the book!
Will ... it should be motive, impulse, incentive, and intimation
we will bring a special cup just for you! Thanks for joining us today
To the Cougar at Half Pints. Bravo, honey on your young man. I wanted to high five you. ;-)
Young lightskin rapper, so under appreciated but talent is up there with
I prefer to be a dreamer among the humblest, with visions to be realized, than lord among those without dreams and desires. -Khalil Gibran
I deal with the most stupid fuckery niggas.
so tired
man where is George Clooney and Brad Pitt when you need them??
yes, but for this season...season 8 already announced girl!
**zombie walk from bed to bathroom. Bathroom to bed.
Higher Than astronaut nuts!! #$kolar
Both. Why would it be important for you as a patent to provide your child with a Catholic education.
It's no wonder you've been coveting this scarf -- it's fantastic!
When I'm single it gives me time to think of what kind of girl I want and what kind I don't want
LMFAO. Just listed on Megan Phelps Ropers list of people doomed to Hell. Ohmigod I am one of the privileged few.
wow o_o ok2 peoples are say to me:indonesian languages!do it:)
loved seeing you!! Sing out tonight girrl!
heard it on made me so mad.
thanks for the mention! your post was fantastic - I will def. order the book - and share it and your post with my team
If you don't have time to make hamantaschen from scratch, Lax & Mandel has take and bake kits for Purim.
Last tweet was courtesy of
Everyone headed to the #V-TwinExpo #DRIVESAFE! We can't wait to talk with fellow riders and check everything out. See you there!
LET'S GET the REVOLUTION moving. COME ON PEOPLE TALK TO ME!! COMMENTS? SUPPORT?? HELP?? www.politicalperceptions.weebly.com
swagg I am about to go get some!
I think it's safe to say that THEhotel is now just about tops on my hotel list. This place is spoiling me.
how cool would it be if you gave me a shout out on YouTube!!!!!! :D
After lots of crying, I managed to snag a ticket to on June 11.
Did you and Dan get your tickets for I/O? I got one, looks like Kalie didn't.
/ Such company! Thanks!
Im glad i have the hard copy cuz i cant get it on my phone cuz i have an android:( #UnderratedEP still pumped<21
thanks, Greg!
Free smiley
lmao we hate the same bitches!
it's just you and me Sam:)
mostly play, but some work
Just had a flashback to my freshman year in HS. Small academy. I was the *only* one w/ braces-from 14-16, then retainers.
well...fuck that
Check out the first #hashup in the midwest in Milwaukee Feb 1st Free event details coming Monday
Hope everything is good buddy! Go & #FearTheDeer&Beer
#12ntc Just saw our mashup of iconic local films that'll be the backdrop at #NTCSFParty. So glad to live in SF!
you found me
. congrats on your top-10 finish this week in Mexico!
reading Boeing Renton facilities case study and trying to make comparisons with agile software development and facilities
Slept all day after work and I completely forgot about the vote taking place today in NC. what terrible news to wake up to.
Maybe there are a few good people left in this world..
LETS GET TO IT
winner! DM me yr email address.
Head over to for the #pens game tonight at 7:30!
bright side of opening tue. hopefully i dont work monday nights! i hate mondays
I wish i actually had the guts to talk to him!!!!
ya. way to stay positive dude. even tho u predict sharks in 6. so ur kinda contradicting urself.......
: extra application DONE! That was easy. I obviously mentioned my awesome dog in the "special skillz" section.
Always a good night at the club with the girls when I find $5 on the floor & they play some #hyphy music yeeeee
he's such a good brother :)
Yes, that is Rainy
Sex while you're Drunk/ High > > > >
Cookie crumble frap
My pleasure, Gerardo--and greetings to you as well!
I felt guilty for sitting on the side & checking my phone at the toddler gym until a lady showed up with her laptop, taking business calls.
I haven't even attempted to run a 7 minute mile since high school.
is lost without my laptop :-( I hope it comes home from the doctor soon!
Friday night?
Preparing for my solo host of Ujima TV. It's going to be a great show! Guest McDonald and Nelson
ight I feel ya
Still remember Gary Carter's home in the 1981 All Star game. A bomb
Happy birthday cammy cam!!! live it up!!!!
Be jealous.
You 10 people trying to get that $50 thats on the line.
Thanks for the follow. Enjoy the day wherever you are.
& all other Kokomo business twitters..Good morning!
awesome. There's plenty more where that came from -- I have a serious music habit.
NBA playoffs >
I'm hoping it will be!
Worried bout ya followers you need to get ya dollars up
I broke down to a 5yo's vocabulary and they still couldn't understand me.
What's CEO doing about violence in hospital? Ignoring it or taking it seriously? asks
I did all I could, and I gave everything. But you had to go your way, and that road was not for me.
For Triptych, the last band of the night, we have a mobile cam, operated by Dan! Party!! Http://massiverocketradio.com
What up my peoples? May be wed, but it's my Friday bitches! Just have to get through this day without wanting to tazer someone.
Hey Lil Bro, thanks for the follow.
Wednesday is Military Day at the Kilt ALL DAY. Play Call of Duty: Black Ops, Gears of War, and more on XBox Live and enjoy HH pricing w/ ID!
Wish I could be there. Left #devlearn right after the expo ended.
YEAH. and im gonna make him sleep with me on my bed. hahahha
Those WNBA commercials during the Bulls game were great comedic relief however they weren't enough to lighten my mood after that awful loss.
Can't wait, Chet. I know it's going to be great :-)
what month can we expect a twitpic?
this is how I was produced! Imagine if it never happened, I would be non-existant. That is a scary thought!!
ugh now I gotta buy 4
The louder they shout...
I KNOW
Still under the weather....but you know I'm still grinding! How are you holding?
GUYS! i'll meet one direction this summer and i'm doing a scrapbook! who wants their twitter names in it so they can follow you??? :)
PSA - Reading from your iPad when tired is not a good time to hold said iPad above your head. It just might fall on your nose. Ouch.
Did something infuriatingly ill-conceived to my netbook last night. Figured out a fix. Now I feel better than before.
this is true good sir
You can't stop a pig from wallowing in the mud...Yoruba Proverb.
#fridayreads (audio) Bath Tangle by Georgette Heyer. Printing reading = textbooks. :-(
Finishing up some last-minute details for our Launch Event tonight - can't wait to celebrate!
yea! it was too long!
you were always beautiful!
so.. apparently, to fail math this year, you have to TRY & TRY HARD. that's a relief.. and slightly scary..
Happy birthday hitler u ass!! --- how ever happy 4/20 world!!
Apple Cinnamon. Works, oddly.
My 2.5 year old son just refered to his collection of #HotWheels #Lamborghinis as a delegation. No idea where he got that word!
Gotta book a ticket to LA again! See if I can get more than 1 agent meeting set up this time!
CHECK OUR FACEBOOK PAGE! SEARCH: ExpreSSion..eMotion is Power..." to check out the OFFICAL TEASER FLYER! :)
haha, being single is fun! Wayy better than being stressed over a guy! :)
SF Y U So windy?
Fri. night at the Electric co. 820 San Pedro Steve will be hostin & ill be mixin all night...75. Cent wells till 11pm
love it. Looks damn good!
Develop a passion for saying, "Thank you."
Public hearing over #mbta #Tcuts proceeded functionally enough in overflow room--once space was found & a microphone set up.
Most beautiful day ever, best way to end midterms and begin spring break!! :)
when I watch something like stars and stripes forever, I wonder why anyone who isn't me would watch it. it's hilarious but it's about Sousa…
Grateful this morning for reminders of what's true. So easy to get distracted and off course.
Learning trivia gives you a new perspective on the world!
You're such an inspiration to me, and I don't think I've been able to love someone as much as I love you... Thank you.
THE AVENGERS. I wanna see it. THEY GO HARD.
Boy I wish I could but my heart belongs to someone else... Someday :/
cant sleep!!
what kind of promotion r we talking bout
I love dry shampoo! Glad you liked the shirt and scarf! So cute!
#schoolmemories naps where so badass. Especially 1st -3rd period 'cause I stayed in the same class and I had that classes for 3 years -_-
Ahahha. Listen to the live version of Boyfriend. Or Payphone by Maroon 5. STILL stuck in my head.
wish there was a like button on twitter some times!
RT this morning i realized that in 2 weeks my drive will b brightened w/hundreds of balloons in the sky.
" the raiders select sebasation janakowski Florida state"
whoa which CVS? All I want are some Cajun Crawtators now!
Celebrate INDEPENDENCE!!!
Network with Indy media professionals at the next meeting on April 7! Location TBA soon!
shout outs to everyone who hit the show in PDX last night kept it positive and super Hyphy
baby you're a star, i just wanna show you, you are
get them out of there you deserve to be comfortable
Back to business
RunKeeper is a free app (RunMeter is better, but is iPhone only and costs $3). Set up intervals. Run fast, recover. Repeat.
no more PD depredations likely to pass Congress soon.
Event tweeting: promote, have team ready; establish & use specific hashtag; encourage attendees to tweet.
Almost time to kill this packed room of ivy leaguers. Get ready Princeton University. Hope you brought your roller skates. Fuckers.
every time she sees me, she squeeze me, lady take it easy! Hate to sound sleazy, but tease me, I don't want it if it's that easy
Heading to ACL. A good Saturday.
I never wanna take that final look. I'll turn another page, won't close the book.
I just saw the Harvard Baseball team sang "here's my cell number, call me maybe"....that explains it...I'm not smart enough to understand
RT “: It's a shame you couldnt keep those promises you made to me, Tellin' me you would never do me wrong.”
congrats on your deal, glad to see a local guy succeed.
Anywhere but here, that's where I want to be
all I really need is a "a dock usually opens here [at this time of day] in about N minutes" stat
Life can be so unfair. Why do the nicest people get treated wrong
I haven't gotten that far yet!
For those that are asking for a follow back, i can't cuz i'm still on follow limit sorry :/
You bite your tongue. That man is single and ready to mingle. Jeter does no wrong!
enjoy today man... get pumped tomorrow!
Tell me about it. Ripe for abuse.
saw some 4 or 5 foot tall foam core the other day and though of you.
Have fun!
So proud of our military, CIA, president, and anybody who was fortunate enough to have a hand in this. Thank you for killing this scumbag!
about to get krunk on everclear this weekend!
I guess I'm emo now
Living the straight life, so all can see, as I prosper and walk straight, I live happily.
RT : More than $70Bn in metals are discarded in e-waste per yr. [That's abhorrent.]
Yo I'm lounging in a hammock !
I'm the person who's here for everyone else & is strong enough to handle everything all at once but who's here for me when I can't? I broke
Watched Paranormal Activity earlier. Can't anyone out there make a genuinely frightening horror film anymore? #rosemary'sbaby
I believe so! Check documentary.org
but healthy!
warm it up and I'll come back to visit.
Selena is soo Lucky to have someone like Justin..
Now on to the WM graduation...
Can't wait to see some posts!!
Interesting PD session: Staff self-selected groups by personality type. All in the "Knowledge Seeker" group are miserable/leaving teaching.
RT : Always make sure to be nice to everyone bc you never know who will have your back when you least expect it
Mama Martin thinks Geno is a cutie... Lay off mom.
#fb Who feels like a nice cool drink. Better yet a free "Iced Coffee." Twitter followers and FB fans come in and get yours today. BOOST22
We're so glad we were able to help out! Thanks!
Thanks, will certainly check you out!
+1 RT : The freakout Francois Hollande is provoking amidst the editors of The Economist is well worth the price of admission.
Love146 V-Neck and Crew shirts are back in stock!
I want to follow me cause he's awesome like that.
we will have a TON of salary cap room.....
: : what else is there to do .bored to tears.laying on ice hope u all r hangin in
JFK ...make the world safe for diversity.... this small plant."
Lololololololol that's random
Great picture! Have fun & let's go Yankees!
I agree
nothing worse than tweeting about suprising your gf with little presents.
Does anyone know a drastically out of shape (obese) person that would want a complete life transformation and lifestyle change? Contact me!
I did and I'm a happier tweeter for it.
High School Flyer Right Hurrrrr.
Haha, awesome! :-) // RT : Got some great comments & looks at my new "Dude, you should tweet that" T-Shirt
Let's go O's!
is it may 21st?
Oh, man, Shannon Drayer's insider report just now on 710 ESPN was so good. Should've heard it! Lol.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
are you in Sarasota next week?
I just helped a faculty member use the Xerox machine.
thank you so much. it's all a bit surreal right now :)
I hate when u randomly wake up in the middle of the night then you go on twitter...
All of their music is based around the fact that teenagers with made up problems will relate to it.
So Makiah says to me, "I'm a diva and I need to get ready for my photo shoot"...well dang just let me excuse myself!!! #Helpme!
yes it was a joke a speaker made at the #pii2012 conference (not somethingI said)
SOME Parts Are .. Some Parts Are Ghetto . xD <#
it was a RT from BayBay so I felt compelled to RT
I am listening to Pat St. John on SiriusXM 50s on 5. This is music no longer played on terrestrial radio
Support it or deride it - the Occupy Wall Street event created many works of poetry - and they are on display in our grand staircase!
Wish my 2 yr old didn't want to wake up at 6:30 like usual, but at least I have something to watch.
thats an offer i cant refuse!! I'll take it ;) *hug*
As bad as my insomnia is on most nights it's even worse at the fire station. Just cannot sleep... Last man standing, every night!
Great tweet goon
Damn thirsty ass redbone all in my face
blazers suck
I miss you!! I will be back for another visit at end of month. I need Twitter 101! See you soon...
i guess u could b both
Two kinds of #heteronormativity: My wife and I just planted a rosebush that came with a warning tag: "Asexual Reproduction Prohibited."
off to a great start.
2 of the classiest guys youll meet // RT : Love hearing 2 of my favorite guys, Ian Eagle and , working together
awwe y wernt u at ny :(
ST. PAUL, Minn. (AP) -- Gov. Mark Dayton has signed a bill to build a nearly $1 billion stadium for the Minnesota Vikings.
is great! & #Savers are good ones too!
Say somethin..? I dare you.
i was on a field trip and i was listening to ur song the whole time cause this girl was realy mean to me :(
can I help you locate this ? I live in Colorado Springs...Christopher
I do wish they would at least let us link our accounts. Yay for red envelopes!
This is the new and official army <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Wow! Thanks Ryan!
WorkRT : The hardwood stars of the regular season are made #InTheSummer. How will you improve your game during the offseason?
sucks doesn't it?
Yeah, well. Coffee and grading. What's a Snark to do.
how've you been? No new injuries, i hope!
There was a drug warrant in my building this morning - time 2 move???
The sun is shining bright and I can feel the warm rays of God's love...
preparing to interview Denise Albert & MG during DIFFERENCES' Lifestyle segment! We'll talk kids, boredom, fun, surprises & more
lol we'll talk in math tomorrow
Your peacock picture is so pretty!
The recent tweaks and pairing of Tungsten and Whitney are quite nice.
is punching a higher floor.
How cool was it seeing Johnny Deep on 21 Jump Street
Hay people the rock star is free...the pop star diva in me is sound...now i'm about to rap star theses hoes...
Rachel is so mature for her age!! That girl has TV series written all over her!!!
Super excited & nervous all at once!!!! NYU - Here I come!!! Ah!!! I can't even breath! Just payed for 3 classes!
Yeah, but I'm originally from that #816 Kansas City, MO! >> RT : Aren't you in Vegas though?!
Sizzling Fajitas--great for sharing! Delish!
chilling trying to get it wats been good wit u
hm...only thing on my calendar is the Brewers bus. Good thing I'm a Cubs fan! jusssssayin
Touche sir. I've been bested.
It hurts incredibly to think of all of this pain and sadness. But we should take the past event and learn from them<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC> forever and alway
Just had the best pancakes in the world at #Orange in
Tip of the afternoon: don't drop bottle cap on the floor and proceed to step on it barefooted.
Look your best this summer! Start whitening now! We'll get you started with a 1/2 off deal! Offer ends April 30th. Call 757-486-4880.
You're parents are republicans? :( gee that must be hard to live with
Go Pats!
ALL TEENS! ITS GOING DOWN 2NIGHT INSIDE KRAVE ULTRA LOUNGE! 8015 BANDERA & MAINLAND! ALL TEENS COME OUT. EVERYONE FREE TIL 8pm
you'd have your work cut out for you in my office.
is this the real Bailey from RNG or a fake account?(:
My laptop makes me angry
Pretty exciting concerts this week for a guitar nerd in Austin. Wednesday: Marc Ribot & David Hidalgo. Thursday: Wilco (Nels Cline!)
Hey now, don't blame men for that!! (But yes, that is frustrating....)
RT : Back in the good ole Mil
Thx RT : Prado is the best restaurant in the park. The Sculpture Garden is also great, and less-expensive
Reaching minorities through social media? Identify top bloggers talking about minority health issues & partner with them.
RT : Think the #2amt & #newplay friends would find the stream at #sitcon important/central to many national conversations....
But if Harry Potter and/or Twilight is what gets people to read, then so be it. Better than nothing.
I wish I got one. I'm not goin to alpha next year :'( probably gonna cry like a little baby on the last day
What's the Over/Under that Geraldo thought about Rush Limbaugh when he decided to make that apology on air. When has he ever apologized!
SourceForge, after a tequila bender with the boys.
I hate any kind of medicine that's like syrup, that shit is disgusting asf < <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0091>
#ImAlexsGirl HE IS THE OPPOSITE OF SALTY.
Pile driver?
RT : RT : Go buy 1 or ALL 5 of my posters here WWW.SHAYMOSS.COM
BUGS model worked on the first try. I seemed to have learned something from the past few times I've used it. :)
who'd want to see me and max do a acoustic cover of all i want by a day to remember?
Can it be tomorrow ?
Wayne Wonder touching the mike and receiving nuff love
anyone interesting in talking about getting together a "THATCamp" for tech in archaeology on the east coast?
Happy President's Day! For those with the day off, join us for special bonus daytime classes 10:30+12 at Arlington and 12+12:30 at Dupont!
I see that you are still going strong on twitter
It's not on our short list (at the moment), but I'll pass the title along to programming.
Sometimes my whole day is "thinking time" and I have to plan to do anything else
LBJ is on fire needs a BJ
When I ride my bike to work I am more creative, energetic, clear minded and less stressed. Today's commute was way too short!
Would you quit Facebook in exchange for $1million? Can you believe that 1 in 3 people said they WOULD NOT?
Good afternoon sir!
I did not jump with you guys. I probably won't jump for awhile considering 3 days after this last jump I got mysteriously sick :-(.
Open my body up and do some surgery now that you got me up I wanna taste it and see those pocket aces!
Lol probably true. They have special ops in this one. It's pretty solid.
don't trip off the hate dude. Got hella love for your work/art. Positivity
that'd be a waste of time, just like talking to u right now, I wasn't even talking to u, but okay hahahaa
you at school ?
So so happy and pleased right now.
#Imagine You and Liam are watching the stars at the beach. He whispers:''You're my everything. I love you.'' He kisses you passionately.
when power naps turn into tomorrow morning <
isn't it?! The information the ACS provides is important to any area by way of data, but especially to developing neighborhoods.
oh my freaking gosh! I've done that!:O Its scary as f*ck!
I'm only updating this status because T'Arah has just joined and this will make her happy. Happy now, T'Arah? Happy? Huh? Huh? :)
Ending up with a small bar of soap is success. The alternative is a smaller hand.
jay just informed me that, "if your single now you need a picture of your dick on your phone."
Registered Sacramento Process Server, subpoenas, summons, small claims, Bank Levy, Unlawful Detainer and much more 916-509-0677
#confession I like 2 have late night convos because a person is too tired 2 keep their guard up so u actually get 2learn who they really are
btw can i have a follow back? (:
But you went away, How dare you? I miss you.
Kobe Bryant for ya bitches!
Special day Brian Tracy and more surprise guests. MSMMFusionToday
went down shagging fly balls in BP. Probably a twisted knee.
Fairfax County Police are carrying out a search warrant on Black Chevy SUV believed used in allegedly #roadrage death in Alexandria.
Happy Birthday to Monty Python's Flying Circus, and thanks for all the laughs!
Happy St. Patrick's Day to all of my #Irish followers!
What is a hurricane's favorite pet?-Anywhere from 1 to 5 cats
went grocery shoppin got everything I needed n more for >$50 n I bought expensive feta cheese. I know how 2budget. My gf calls me cheap lol
That awkward moment when a gay guy is driving and the GPS says "go straight" :D
I did that too. And dodgeball.
I'll send you mine--i mean hers.
your a mess
when ever i think of him i think of Fireflies by owl city. That was before he became a douchebag..
On the cellular device with :) yezzz sir
I'll be honest, I like where this is going.
this camera angle in this game is horrible. Thoughts?
it's always a pleasure to talk a little hockey with my favorite sports talk radio host.
RT for the fans But the brewers bullpen guys jumped in after conditioning in the outfield one day. Its hot with the roofopen
i have never changed my background or Icon since i made this twitter.
Nope I just have alotta friends :)
I meant didn't
the (political) grammar of apologies "mistakes were made by .... me" #ConservatismMeansNeverHavingToSayYouAreSorry via
thanks!! We're excited to take the fight to the general in november
It's not that I can't open the door for myself, I just want to see how respectful you are
It's time to quit
#askbilas If George Mason plays George Washington, do you consider it a one-on-one matchup? Feel free to add Robert Morris into the mix.
Something like that lol
Why can't it be 2:50 already?
When I die I want my last words to be "I left a million dollars under the..."
can u plz follow me its my dream plz you mean the world i cant express how much i love u. I love you with all my heart <3
find your headphones lol
thank you for the RT!
Welp, It's official, I'm currently BLASTING my new songs!! I love them!! The First one will be out tomorrow... or tonight?... hm.
Drinks cup of dandelion tea!
Thank you for your work to save Medicare. You have helped people and saved lives. Everyone has a Right to Health.
I'm bosh, he's james - we both receive RT my issue is trying to figure out which one of you gives and who receives
Oh so
Well beliebers, carry on with your jelena drama but if you dont mind im going to bed... Night. :*
yo were u at?:) i just came back from orangeville:)
send me an email with description if you'd like. all internships go through our Career Center. julie dot larsen @ utdallas.edu
girls secretly like guys and expect them to know, but get mad when the guy doesnt do anything.
no problem, thanks for following!
Half A Day Of School Tomorrow >>>>>
Catherine i wanna play you again so bad.
We really appreciate you supporting independent music.
my dogs a really good vacume considering he eats up all the food i drop on the floor in my room that im not gonna give an effort to pick up<U+E052>
I would love to have a family of mine own too! I love to have children also!
Trying to explain why I have carry all three hula hoops < They all serve a different purpose. Everyone knows that...gaaah
The second AFS dev camp is done. Like last time, we got things done, but it's never what we plan. Still we're getting there.
R.I.P TO MY BIG BRO I KNOW I NEVER TOLD YOU THAT MUCH BUT I LOVE YOU SO MUCH U WERE MY EVERYTHING. ITS GONNA BE TOUGH NOW THAT UR GONE
Hazy sunshine, 60s & low 70s next few days at the coast - with cool nights it's feeling pretty fall-like. Fall arrives 2:00 AM Friday.
The thought of living this close to you makes my heart flutter...
Yay! See you there!
Sure - I hope it's useful. How's the class going?
The Guy who i thought was Jackie Chan, his real name is Su....
DEMAND POLITICAL REFORM - Lets start a REVOLUTION. DEMAND ELECTION REFORM. The electoral college needs to go, Everybody's vote should count
how have you been crowned a "internet stalker extraordinaire"? wondering if should I be scared or elated by your follow ... :)
I am stoked for this week, Jersey Shore Season 2 this thursday, then Vancouver Canada for my birthday
I'm good, off to a social media event this evening. I mean why work, when you can party - right?
completed first two samples of Illegal thoughts cd cover
Chicago News: daily news, local news and TV news - WGN
Excited to announce we officially have info on 30,000+ Happy Hours nationwide!! www.gotime.com and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
All good marketeers monitor the web brother man :P... but to answer you question, yes :)
Did some of our Consultants forget to take their "expert hats" off to become transdisciplined equals?
Sleep can wait, champions don't sleep past 8
First step to seeming creepy at the gym: Eye contact. Second step: More eye contact.
I play basketball everyday with my friend Domonic, who has down syndrome, and I don't treat him any different than everyone else
oh sure. I use that money for meth. You're so smart!
Just got back from the gym. Love a good workout !
Waking up early on Saturdays &lt;&lt;.
it won't let me DM you to win because you don't follow me. Boo!
Over 6 billion people in the world and yet I'm still lonely as fuck.
See ya
You picked tha wrong women maybe tha woman You need is different from tha one you used TO .....
About to make #twitterless Chase Deaton a
Buckeyes in the fridge and cake in the oven. It's been a domestic evening.
just got to heart of problem--tweeting or retweeting without verification.
will I have a nervous system after this weekend? good question...
fuck outta here , i'll lick my carpet clean before paying that much .
Awesome idea - use for in-person registrations at events!
hey there! how are you? How's Stacy?
Week #2 starts now. Week #1 wouldn't have happened if not for the patience, understanding, and support of my girl,
Beautiful evening to tonight! Temp 66 and low dew point of 30. Wish we could keep humidity this low all summer!
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway ~Eleanor Roosevelt
HOLLLLAAAA @ the AMAZING WEATHER COMING this weekend! Shiiiit just got reall
Signing up for Exploring Design!
NEXT OF KIN.
bout to knock out
let's do i!
I'm glad that you enjoy the new song!! Keep rocking out to it!! :) Love,
And every time I've held a rose, it seems I only felt the thorns. And so it goes and so it goes. And soon will you too I suppose.
Thanks - fun site! I snagged that photo from their FB Page.
The dragon was my personal favorite
First bonfire of the year!
GIF of Helpless Harper, please
how do you know what shit feels like?
Big come from behind win tonight for my !!! Good job fellas!!
illumicaregroup thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
only peed myself a couple of times...
I will post something delicious soon!
WOW - Deal with the same bs from mine. Like more than 5 hours at a time w his daughter is asking too much..ug.
Yes, you did! Very nice - no worries! I'll introduce myself for real the next time I see you.
A project is complete when it starts working for you, rather than you working for it - Scott Allen
Working full time can suck a pimple covered D!!!
'A man is playing #Golf by himself 1 morning - suddenly a genie appears, & offers him 3 wishes...' >> Punch Line @ www.ICUGolfStories.com
I don't miss YOU, I miss what we had.
Free shipping for area codes 44144, 44109, 44145, 44138,44126 till the end of December. Contact us to find out more.
#JustinLovesAllBeliebers does anyone want to help me trend this?
FINALLY It's damn time u had in the clubhouse.Ask if he would ever guest host if you ever sick or out.
How was your first Day of Vacation ? Lol
Id might hit méxico in the summer.... Omg girls in bikini, piña colada, margarittas, ima go crazy lol and id miss my horses
I feel like chalkboard paint is starting to be everyone's solution to "how do I look creative AND paint my walls at the same time?"
If I had asked my customers what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse ~Henry Ford
I have just about worn out "Something Fierce" great double CD from Marian Call
that's awesome! Maybe I will vote for Obama so we can finally have a revolution & end the #Republicrat charade.
Early Morning Love from STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT
hey um I don't know if I asked you already but can you follow me?
Everyone is getting ready for the #ClearedJobFair First the career seminar "Resume Tips & Tricks" #security clearance
Martin has me ctfu.
you should be hoping he gets to play at all the rest of the playoffs. If he tore it, he's done.
Is there a damn After Disaster tonight...
I need a D pickup from the waiver wire who would you take out of the following Buffalo, Wash, Minneosta, ATL or Oakland?
turns past into present, memory to action this #Halloween with Cry Innocent, where audience plays jury for
happy birthday man!!!
I hate Florida.
if they'd build a mcdonalds or taco bell there they'd be rich as fuck
it's not the votes that matter, it's the results. See you after school.ps I have 4 votes now anyway. Boom.
Its goin down 4 Dj's one club let's GitIt
I've only found a few, mostly east coast or south....
Box full of letters
Sometimes I wish cookies were considered a vegetable.
yep lol so wht U up too
thanks for coming and many blessings on your business.
I'm torn; her facial expressions irritate me but they're also kind of delightful.
Hey,do tall have a contact fot production?..i produce
I am she who sits in a parked car for 10 minutes doing business on a Blackberry at every location.
thanks for the RT.
Hour 6 of any tattoo is the worst.
Tons of calls this AM, app of the day going to be delayed...
Replacing the shocks on my Mazda.
Let the fireworks begin, Crush 'em Bruins! Go B's!
No one better talk badly about avocado in my presence
Alarm clocks give me heart attacks in the mornings! I Cant bare it!
yes! and legends of the hidden temple, real monsters, and angry beavers...it goes on and on
I look drunk but I was far from it! LOL
Loves all the cool shit Jenna brought me from SF!
Two grown adults blocking my driveway I kindly asked them to move. They decided to act all ganster and shit. GROWN ADULTS. MY DAD'S AGE!!!
yep let's fuck lol txt me
nope. Do not.
He was the guy of my dreams, but I think I’m finally waking up.
She always want to love me dats how to love
Party had no choice in the matter?
I felt a minor tremor and it shook the house. #earhquake here in SF
Really no more kits left? I need to get my summer equipment. Won't be able to wait until end of May.
How is everyone tonight?
i am and ok .so what about this me: *walk to the cruten
12. #Brewers 2 #Dodgers 2 in 8th | Tight game at the Park / fun to be here two games straight / let's win like last night.
good morning to u too. Have a good day.
national mix tape makers who travel doin shows n showcases..I been submitting songs n been gettin selected for random shit
I can't wait to be rich! Lol
shoe horn
My apartment smells like garbage. I'll open the windows a bit more. Hmm now it smells more like garbage. Dumpster outside the window. Cool.
I Love He Is Like Literally Apart of My Top 3 Heros! I'll Love Him Till The End, No Matter What!
Love is when you want to be the one to dry her eyes.
I know its hard to remember the people we used to be, its even harder to picture that your not here next to me.
the one you said you need to hang out more at Siu with
Cartilage Regeneration
lol - event season...i go back into hiding! ;) meet in LA this week? Off to Indy Monday for the
I'm going to for a fun Race to the Fashion event. Wearing my fab racetrack sun hat for the occasion!
HEALTHCARE- Would you rather pay $14,000 or $4500 for the same heart bypass oper and DR? Find out how? (The Profit Trap) www.amazon.com
LOVE that allows you to pay for tickets using paypal!
One of the biggest responsibilities of management is to look after the corporate DNA-THE
dude. There were shirtless hipsters everywhere!
Hard work pays off.
#RalphieMay sweet Lord this dude is funny as hell!!
huge sale of nonperforming first mortgages at Flagstar Bancorp Inc. reduced the company's nonperforming first liens by 70 percent.
so true hahaha
glad you found it insightful... hope you had a great weekend!
O.O Hello ghost of eso407
I Pray for the people I love myson mom fam mygirl friends & other god has blessed me so much that y I give all the praise wen I woke up
“: I think the greatest line Bush had in 2000 was "if Al Gore invented the internet, why does it start with w w w? #Dubya”
Jack the Ripper come and get her!
Don't you ever forget it either! Thanks! :)
don't underestimate us yet
cuz micah is saying that she didnt do that and im just trying to get her in trouble when i saw that slut in my backyard
Babysitting while the rest of this family is at the caps game.. Keh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
haha I saw the wpsd story flash thru my mind! Successfully avoided :)
I'm a phasilatator!
Working on contract extensions of our Software as a Service solution. Early clients that signed for a pilot, now signing mult-year renewals.
to be open minded :)
Drew Miller Scores, 3-1! Lights out Rangers!
Right. Thugs drive corollas. Now get back to POTUS at half-time.
I love golf
I expect huge press release from Pokerstars tomorrow or Friday.
What do you all think about espn's delayed coverage of the Bassmaster classic? Shouldn't the super bowl of our sport be live?
Aunt Lisa. You surprise-followed me. Can you tell Austin to surprise me by showing up on my doorstep?<U+2665><U+E405>
Grab a bagel or muffin with a cup of Ginger Pu-erh tea on the way to work.
fireflies would have to be the Gayest song ever !
Breakfast with the moms now dinner with the a Lucky Villaintte enjoy your Sunday peeps <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
You think LA is going to win 4 of the next 5? I wouldn't count on that
Taking mom to the hospital to get bionic. Prayers please!!
the duo tonight with &
I just woke up sneezing. I feel violated.
#digconf12 Don Katz of Audible & Amazon: "Publishers are spending a llittle too much time at lunch." Katz & DOJ agree, evidently.
You think Kennedy can handle the first draft of the release tomorrow, or am I pushing my luck?
The fact Im leaving the state of CO here soon >>>> #EastCoast ^.^
#GymPetPeeves Girlfriends social hour - you're hear to sweat, not gossip and annoy me.
IT is my hope that Punxsutawney Phil will see GREEN today...Please Phil 4 more years of actual growth, peace and prosperity
omg u sound so college girl :) Damn that lady D: she's a bad teacher,just bad,no sexy like cameron diaz lol hope she answer quick
By and large, choral conductors have worse technique than orchestral conductors. Shame. Singers need & deserve just as much direction/help
More data is created in 48 hrs than in 30,000 yrs of human history? Statistics like that never fail to blow my mind.
The big ask: What are your clients asking of you? What are your competitors asking about you? Answer and you get your focus.
You should just move in already. Enjoy sushi/cocktails tonight. I'm jealous.
Getting sleepy..
I'll see you for breakfast!
we mos def write our own stuff! Holla back at us
Bored so im gunna tweet. GOOD MORNING PEOPLE OF TWITTER!!!
Be sure to check for your Real Estate assessments in the mail Monday or Tuesday!
im with you on that!
thanks Kate, it was fun being in such good company. xo
One of the graduates of our local high school is heading off to McGill. I might too if I had it to do over again!
Tom Coughlin retires after a Giant Super Bowl win just like Parcells? We get Cower
nope! I got a solid B in there :) thank God for Ben!
If I got paid to sleep, I'd be the richest person in the world.
I have no one to talk to about my problems.
BLACK FUCKING TIDE IS GOING TO BE HERE IN TOWN TOMORROW AND I'M GOING TO MISS THEM BECAUSE OF WORK. FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU!
likes to rt a lot of tweets !
The word candy can be spelled with just two leters, c&y, get it?(:
My dream last night consisted of comparing and contrasting various JavaScript libraries. Yep. That's where I'm at in life.
Hawks are about to get to the semi finals easily
Overheard: "its really tough to describe this person without th word 'screw-up', only instead of 'screw-up', think of an effier word"
I thought you didnt like me D;
Were about to have a really good day tomorrow I love you
Love this song
Swag King Cole
Watching Sergio put people on Blast...
Welcome Mini-Marathon participants! We're located 2 miles from the finish! South on West St to Kentucky, right 1 mile. Plenty of parking. RT
This is going to be a long period.
Follow and get followed please try once
love it, lol
Any more edits?
hey ya know you stand a little too tall and you say a little too much? I'm gonna bite that know-it-all tongue
Decided to stop when I started thinking about ways to tie it to Manilius in the new writing.
Palin & Faux News lie in bed: "It's wonderful to be part of a place that so values fair and balanced news," Ms. Palin said in a statement.
You do your client a terrible injustice listing their property on the MLS with no photos. NEVER a professional practice. Take photos prior!
“: Aye Y'all Heat Fans Got This But Melo Go Snap After This Game Watch!”Melo can't win by hisself
Thanks to everyone who visited our booth at the Magnet Fair! The turnout was fantastic!
speaking of! You free monday for dinner?
Would you follow me???? That would make my day! :) Love you! <3
"Take away the right to say "¦¦¦¦" and you take away the right to say "¦¦¦¦ the government." - Lenny Bruce -- a reminder for
that's love
Pat Summitt will always be a treasure in women's college basketball. Her success has been off the charts as a coach.
I,m working at home in my PC.
Looking for apartments online
You are very welcome. Still enjoying your new state with real vitamin D?
u got it... Dominican cigars next Athens gig. Then "Athens cigars" aka fat blunts lol
RT Did You Eat It? video by +1 for "Did you have the invisible shrimp from the Gowanus Canal??"
follow back
RT : Beard Awards: Daniel Humm (11Madison Park) wins our country's best chef. Gives wonderful tribute to his mentor, D Meyer
humanities & soc sci have demand for print & digital, but not enough $$ for both
and I love the song u don't have to call even though it's old that's my fav song by him tho.. lol
What a treat. Found an EP Carillo short run robusto hiding out in the humidor.
7 years ago today I received the best mother's day gift ever...in fact, he made me a momma! Happy 7th birthday to my Will!! We love you!!
That's great. Suzette will be a great asset
#SXSW Day 2. Ready, set, GO!
This is Now- for all you time travelers!
NEW! 50 Killer Free Social Media Icon Sets
The RS are the Cubs? Really? What's that make the Rangers? In their history the Rangers have won only one playoff game...
As says, the problem with Obama's Afghan strategy is not that it represents a neocon victory, but that it is failing.
yes to on tumblr
After a weekend of beer drinking and eating food from Aldi, my only goal at work today is not shitting my pants
try public
NOTE: The website and magazine will be changing in the near future. Thanks again for all your feedback...
this tweet will get 1000% more retweets than ones that didn't involve abortion
Jason, you just can't seem to catch a break here on Twitter. Don't stop what you're doing though. Love your work, keep it up!
tina needa perm her weave . LOL
Trivia: A killing in Distortion was modeled after a killing in the Father's Day segment in George Romero's Creepshow.
have a nice day. honestly, i have nothing against you. you're just talking about stuff that no one should talk about. its over
I did text you :/<3
#fridayreads Started reading S. J. Watson, Before I Go to Sleep. Read half and stayed up way past my bedtime.
So what we get drunk So what we smoke weed We're just having fun We don't care who sees
Thursday's Wing Night!! All homemade sauces.. This weeks special sauce: Spicy-Sweet Ginger Soy!!!
Relax with #yoga at 7:15!
Im in the hospital
- i meant u n ashlee bean but i mean 3 cuz i forgot christy yea n i dont talk to anyone really but u guys
And I love music, so everyone should keep making it.
My only wish is that i die real
Follow my cuzzo Love ya cuzzo
that woman is nuts and definitely not beautiful, at least not by my standards! Her confidence is off the charts though! Lol<U+E412>
PLEASE FOLLOW ME
ugh ima watch this movie bbl
Obama sends drones to funerals, then sends them back to kill first responders... And Romney is the "bully?" GTFO MSM!
Leaving My Phones Here & Everything.
I LOVE LISTENING TO LIES WHEN I KNOW THE TRUTH.
Wise words from RT Nothing amazing has ever been accomplished by staying securely in your comfort zone.
Liberty Elementary's Molly Adams will be a 2012 EdTech Link Fellow. Congratulations!
Just got back from New York city and back to work drafting contracts! Boy was it cold in NY. Sure makes you appreciate San Diego!
Thinking about you and monday kills me inside
I'm not sure what's going on but I've had an amazing amount of self-control and absolutely no chocolate this week.
'm leaving tomorrow! Mason better be here & If not he must wait til saturdy bc I will be back for a lil
using mucinex D, aleve, and triple action halls right now...lol! however, if Im not doing greatly better tomorrow, zpack it is
"That sounds we just raped the future and had a baby in the past." It feels good to have everybody together to write new songs.
It's always Hot here at Little Darlings!Come on down and get $2.50 Modello & $6 Absolut Drinks!Looking forward to seeing ya!
I just wish I could get it on a t-shirt
Beauty and the Beast with Fall weather outside, a little cloudy but the breeze is nice. God bless
So happy for Can't wait till he comes to Chicago!
ARE YOU ALL WATCHING THE USTREAM!?!?!
Here we go
is right now possible ? <3
are you in EST? so are we!
lol come down and u can go
I can't believe you got married yesterday! Omg.
Should teachers 'friend' students? - WTSP 10 News
That was an amazing fight. Bitter sweet for me bcuz I am a huge Poirier fan but damn that was the fastest 15+ minutes of my life.
When your director wants to waste a bunch of time and then blame it on the choir.
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and receive without forgetting................
I nominate for a Shorty Award in #activism because they're making a difference!
Eating at Golden Corral !?
I got a ps3 but more people have xbox so prolly xbox will be the main winners console.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY USHER! (: :)
Ah!! Please follow me!! I wish you knew how much I love, LOVE GRANDE family's your amazing,Ari is beautiful,Frankie is funny!
Great news! Ryan Braun exonorated! #beastmode is in full effect for '12!
Hope everyone had a great Thanksiving! Back to work to try and crawl out of our food comas :)
- you'll just have to "lebron" before you finish.
you got dominated on that shot
Lots of Fusion Martinis were had tonight!!! Yum!
I wish the #nbaconferencefinals has extended series =[
Creed. April 26. Kingston.
Turned from the MVC Title gm to NY/Bos.. to c Rondo 18pts, 17 rebs and 20 assists...
Good luck (: one of my fave stories btw <3
Sunday Funday 's Come and enjoy a wonderful brunch from 11-3 with mimosas and bloody marys! Plus we $3 Big Beers, 45 cent wings,..
No doubt. I just listened to it. I like it sweetheart. Keep up the good work.
Breckenridge, 2001. Epic yard sale, icy blue run. Lady asks if I'm okay. I am. She says, "That was spectacular."
I make that approx every 3 years. That's some bs right there!
we talked about boys and shelby asked me abot josh and rane. and that shit got pretty intense. :/
it's thundering/:
Think I should change my #.. Stupid braud! -_______-
Thanks to everyone who came in and visited us this weekend!
counting my blessings for a great day. If it were pie, it might not have every ingredient but it's full, hot and delicious..The pie that is
its fun
You can lease a Fiat for $99 a month?! I should get one just for fun!
I can't compete with that sort of sex appeal, but I will rock the shades
we're very excited about #foundersnight. We have some alum coming in and we're playing A&M for the last time in the Big 12!
It's not attractive.
it is fun messing with homophobic people
Merry Christmas
Bring it!
cam pic up the phone
Clete Thomas with 15 K's in his last 18 ABs. Any way to put that one into context?
SINGLES MINGLE SUMMER KICKOFF!!! Save the date: June 9th, Nola's BBQ!!!! Tickets on sale soon...
I wanna go back to sleep .
MT : The FSHISD guys and gals were AWESOME. Fav catch phrase "You look like you need a little eChalk in your life!"
done. we love you RT : Bring your tanning oil and sunscreen and come cheer our reserve team on as we take on Colorado at 6
Worst contest ever: play Domino's Ipad game and maybe, just maybe, you'll get hired to make pizza at a REAL DOMINO'S. Actual commercial.
sometimes people say apologizes are long over due.
Good morning everyone. Hope you all have a great day!
Tucson Alarm is proud to be working on Labor Day. We aprreciate the business and will be happy to work on Labor Day. Bring it on!
Don't follow me because you want a follow back. Follow me because you actually want to.
#3AwesomeThings Doritos Locos Taco, Duct Tape and NHL Playoffs.
If you want, desire. If you need, chase. And if you love with a passion, see that your only desire is to chase after your lover's heart.
It is not the places that grace men, but men the places Agesilaus the Second King of Sparta 401-360 BC
Good Luck for your next landing project, I'm sure it will be creative, Best Luck!
Time to start preparing for Diablo 3 carpal tunnel by replaying Diablo 2 and LOD!
Our CEO, Bill Harrison explains why companies using mobile are still falling behind :30am in the Sonoma rm
I just got really annoyed.
Thank you for your constant support and kindness my friend.
Tips for playwrights: Paper currency is full of bacteria. Wear latex gloves when counting all your cash.
Maybe Jobs was the Disney of His Era?
Come in & warm up with our Pumpkin Pie Latte. While you're here, take us up on our 18% OFF Sale on almost Everything in the Bookstore!
Wow roller coaster ride fun to be back up to starting stack 30000 on second break
SCANNER: Cops going to save a freezing dog hiding under a tree on East 16th Ave. near Tower Road.
#JuliousPeppers #ThankYou for being a beast!!
-never let it be said that GT students shy away from creativity and humor in #ENGL1102 course!
more than Al Pujols...
There won't be a case of beer to be found anywhere in Bethlehem, PA later tonight - #Lehigh beats Duke
Is gonna be a long night :/
Awesome thanks, you're entered to win!
J/K
Can't go back to sleep.
Starting out with Patrick this morning..."because is sucks" isn't a good reason
Primary Election Day Tomorrow!
:) i miss talking to you!
love the ear ring
yes I'm finally 21!! Thank you and love you too! Can't wait to celebrate with u guys!
I'm not, but I can act like one. There are some hidden joints in the city, I love Rocky's. Awesome tripe.
wow, Congrats!!
ooh, we should compare notes!!
when matt doesn't want you to get higlhights in your because he likes it the way it is>>>>> sorry baby!
i am clarkin so hard right now.
“ #ambition is priceless... It's somethin that's in your veins”and I put that on my name
have fun drinkin those beers tonight alone cuz no one else is!
Sweet. Will call you tomorrow.
Hawks better be fearing the deer now!!
yes, all is well, trying to learn this twitter thing lol,..hope all is well with you too...
yes, the band (including Grace) runs this account!
About to go get a bottle its a celebration bitches
S/O to all the Moma who raising they kids like they got some sense
go to my blog to see whats up with me
Johnny's Hideaway Reason to drink today...it's our 33rd birthday!!! Celebrate with us with open bar and complimentary buffet 7:30-8:30
i'm up now, chillax
Check out some music conferences like to do some good networking - you can email me here: .
She's singing "Beautiful" by Christina Aguilera.
A working e-(c) registration system will require: vision, technology and money. Budget has been slashed, key folks retired
That's hot! I'm 5'8" too and I love Jean Paul Gaultier (even though I'm not really into fashion)
so i just found out there was a murder around the corner from my house last night :/
Okay. Next step?
YES SIR!
me too! We should do something
Madelou: "mobile voices is an opportunity to show the world that all humans as the US constitution says are born free"
I trust you.
Elizabeth Bishop is 101 today! "It's evident the art if losing's not too hard to master though it may look like (writer it) like disaster."
Thank You #Caps for not interfering too bad w/my plans of getting to bed early AND for another great game & series...look forward to next 1!
Good afternoon everyone, our September newsletter will be updated and sent out tomorrow.
im well :)
Thanks hon! Massage was great, I feel 2in taller! Lol
Bigons will be Bigons so just let me do me Let this Icon be Icon
another successful NoHo Diner wednesday! got a few good books from the library and now i'm in the captain's chair for the rest of the day.
ive been gone for some time, but i promise, big stuffs about to happen (:
interesting... i went to urgent care 1 day and they just put me on a lot of prednisone
listeners r loving 'Reading Lips' I bought it for radio AirPlay hope to be on ur servicing/radar list someday
St Paddy's Day Green Flavor ! Get you some-
good showing w/o KLOVE
Today is the oldest you've ever been and the youngest you'll ever be again.
that and eating watermelon on the porch sprinkled with salt :)
favorite summer read thus far, "Unbroken" Beautifully written story of a true survivor
Well... School was better than i thought.
Commission in recess till approximately 6pm
Have done many - trend following on 1D, day trading, a bit scalping (~10 pips). Now mostly swings and gap trading on Sunday
oh alright then, cool. I hear the best thing for fetuses is dorito loco tacos. ; )
Hey my sexy babies. D Swan is doing some improv tomorrow night @ the Neon Venus Theater. 7023 Melrose Avenue Hollywood, CA. $10...but funny.
advantage McCrory (esp b/c of his $ advantage) but it'll be close, Dalton will definitely make it compeititive
Cool! Will check it out!
Was that really a pic with Shit in the back ground lmao
Got my property tax bill. In Ramsey County, my market value down 8%. My tax bill up 14%. That's $500.
SUEDE is effen nuts and outta control its one and still a line wrapped around the building no joke if you missed it theres always next week!
yes it is!
that's all me.
Oh gosh. Abby shows such favoritism it's crazy... It bothers me...
here's my number, so call me maybe
HAPPY NATIONAL SUBWAY DAY MAHOMIES & ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
He looked again
seriously could eat a whole box in one sitting.
hahahahaha just died..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> such a good song..
Novak Attack!
Sometimes I can be such a Bitch
whys everyone leaving the tweeter?
um....hello. What? Do they not offer TNT on Comcast?
looking forward to more of your great ideas and photos.
I wondered but wasn't sure. Maybe just during the week?
I miss you birlfriend. I know harpers comin soon and can only imagine glow excited you are! Ps. Me and hill are comin asap!
#fridayreads Curable Romantic by Skibell & listening to Passage by Cronin, read by Scott Brick - my all-time favorite narrator!
RT : #Twitter trends have about a four hour shelf life.
I was doing SO good avoiding the office cake, but then got hungry 'cause I didn't bring enough for lunch.
hopefully your team isn't looking past the next game eh', I would love to see the CATS and Cards battle again.
omg!!! last ep. of HawthoRNe... This season was shoot!!! but omg detective Renada no.... TOM!!?
Don't let the cold weather prevent you from doing your outdoor exercise. Just remember to layer appropriately.
Alright (: good night
Looked at Nice condos for my sister! Awesome!
My favorite thing about daily mile is you can edit your entries unlike twitter or fb!
Freakin' Pothead ;D No For Real We Have To Smoke A Bowl Together..<U+2665>
No. We always had a yard and lots of kids.
I love to hear other chics snappin like me on a track bc hip hop is def dominated by men which is kool but we come from the streets too
digits#lost contacts
Happy Friday from Chilorio's! Stop by and see us before you start the fiesta this evening :)
This is for the summer, but we'd love for you to submit a post now if you like. Follow up with for deets.
It's irrational how excited I get for work
New menu at Einsteins! All new items for lunch, dinner and brunch... and some tasty new cocktails!
Sweating at the gym so good but so gross
Lol RT : I knew someone would catch the typo lol. You got me
looking good!
All that you accomplish or fail to accomplish with your life is the direct result of your thoughts. - James Allen
"one time, in band camp"
Are you here again?
Time to get drizzy drunk!
I also got so many of my friends in love with Kpop. I feel accomplished :)
Follow Us On Twitter
I cant wait to see you guys play in Rochester New York in April!
I jus had a good conversation wit the big sis via fb chat
An amusing
About to depart to San Jose for SVOD 2009
Ha! My craftiness at work.
Can anyone give me a shoutout? :)
there is no way to happiness. happiness is the way
Always moving one step at a time, whether forward or back.
vibrato got her more records sold, and rihanna vocal range not like that either
Didn't say anything yet.
The Living God IS heaven ...if He doesn't look like heaven to you it'll probly be HELL
Hahaha I have one person in mind... I'll text you(:
Even through the rough times your the best I've ever had and I wouldn't trade the world for you!!
bro text me real quick!!!!
I love Joker Philips and Kentucky Football! I had a GREAT time today!
#AAM2011 Online fever session: Student suggestions: Online alumni need to stat connected---that's a challenge.
Who wants to fuckin' party tomorrow?
When you find yourself in fear-based thinking or worry, take a deep breath and ask the Angels for help in elevating your thoughts.
I'm still using , though really I should rename my bookmarklet to "Won't ever actually read later". :-/
are you the guy from youtube (:
Someone please tell me why the one direction boys are saying #zap cus I'm pretty confused...
A friend proposed a strange invention: The prejudice box. You go in, expel harsh prejudicial language, then go about your day. Huh?
Sounds fun, can I come?
do you still like Rachel?
Absolutely! Thank you for the inspiration!
If you are looking to buy a new home or sell your existing home, our Agents here at Everett Real Estate Group can help you!
thanks for connecting on Twitter.
what does this mean hon
You're welcome! <U+2665> so what's up?
asked my h what he wanted to do sun morning. he said what about a walk at that rose place? me after long pause "you mean brookside gardens?"
Yep, esp. if they lose autonomy. RT : Julie, think its possible to over-engineer process for the knowledge worker?
We're so cool ice cubes are jealous
Counting #blessings not worries.
I'm not feelin good at all!!!!!
Thanks for the Malcolm X segment.
Any of you ladies wanna do brunch today?
This weeks guest list to be revealed this afternoon. Stay tuned!
On my way!
Doors are now open! Join us on the dance floor and show us what you've got! We're teaching Watermelon Crawl & Simplement at 8:15!
Yay! And I love singing that song. I think you're right about the ST styles!
how dare you
should i get snakebites or angelbites?
I was blind to the truth, just there to fill the space. Cause now you have no interest in anything I have to say
#ServiceLearning ""Real education should consist of drawing the goodness and the best out of our own students." Cesar Chavez
when they play that new Jeezy, all them dope boys go craaazzzay
I just wanna see my boyfriend
Donald is excitedly planning his crib tournament on those cleverly crafted tables -- no charge to play, of course -- stay tuned!
. is fighting for womens' rights. Say you’ll have his back now and join #Women2012. OFA.BO/2dWDR
nope, but I saw SOMEONE from this weekend!
Straight killer , max payne .
Can go to meeting at work cuz the people lookin for me thanks to <<<<<< she told on me for an ultimate feast lol
Love taking shits at work
okay one line...nbd.
#oomf is such a great friend. Love you bear!
With money flying out of Greece and Facebook expanding their IPO we can't discount the possibility that Greece is buying Facebook.
You're walking down the street with THE "Lawrence Kasdan"?? That makes you awesome by proxy alone!
is a bassstee:)
hahaha, I am confident you realize this Gazelle will not be getting chased down by any such lion after recovery ; p
We hope you have an amazing time! Thanks for using ShowClix :)
RT : What was once #OverheardInYbor is now confirmed. It’s official, we just had our first run in with the Ybor shoe licker.
That awkward moment someone looks at your phone seeing all your conceded pictures of yourself...
eric dampier and the 4th quarter isnt a winning combination
has a few exciting opportunites in LA, CA! Looking for outside sales reps with B2B experience, preferably in industrial, environmental, or …
#Its2012WhyYouStill gotta flip phone?!
Thanks for your support
new season started and my TV was not working. Any Jazz singers on the show this time?
#naptime then headed to Michigan
Woke up in a really Good mood! ^___^
I'm craving Huey's so badly. Vegas... y u no have Huey's like the south?!
was it a good song atleast?
Enjoying watching the hustle and intensity of Hogs basketball again.
I don't wanna do placement tomorrow.
Ok call me today and we'll get it all done!
Lunch today at ! Craving the chicken tacos!
How about a compromise? "Eat chips, fondue" is cheeky, fun and delicious!
What's up with the drama. Dayum people need to chill
This has been a frakkin' crazy week, and next week will be even more hectic. Settling down with some tea in the interim!
It's hard sometimes. I'm better at it on breaks from school since Twitter is blocked there.
Just watched my partner argue our attorney fee/condemnation case in front of Wisconsin Supreme Court. Great questions, arguments.
<U+200E> Amazing work!! have you heard of our #UWP Ultimate Wedding Package? www.espaceny.com/ultimateweddingpackage
Hey! What's up?!
Please welcome to Motown! The 2007 winner will be all over town tomorrow promoting the race. Welcome to Detroit TK!
just followed... follow back please? =) <3
When awakes she's gonna have a 4 page text from me full of my slap happiness!
I know everyone else is miserable but i love this weather
Sometimes I need that romance. Sometimes I need that pole dance...
can u give meh a shout out <3 tankx
Las Vegas realtors looking for a reliable pressure washer turn to Able and Ready when they want the job done right the first time
Sorry everyone I was moving I have not answered my phone.. please call me if you have any questions or text me.
the jet engine runs the blowers that dry the track. ;)
thanks! xo
good social media. :)
#SCTop10 #NBA Playoffs Lebron fires up right after his next snaps. Ah! zombie
kinda wishing i was a tween today.
hello there! I dare u to click my follow button! Dare me back if you'd like(:
john coltrane's - equinox.... mmmmyeah. take 5 at 6 is killing it tonight. I love 89.1 fm
#wordsthatcanstartawar "does my butt look fat in these pants?"
#NP "Talking to the Moon" by Bruno Mars
I arrived at school today for my morning Saturday class and realized upon arrival that today is Friday I am a day ahead!
S/o to for going live lastnight at his new club "CLUB GROOVE" is taking over these clubs in San Antonio
VOICE FINALE TONIGHT...
Follow please And thank you. <3
hey leo hows everything bro. really gotta talk to u. let me know how i can reach u privately....talk business. thanks
Thanks. I was thinking that would be another argument in favor of imaging.
I do it all for you...and I take it all for you too tho...
very weird watching the Cardinals without Pujols
If we can accept suffering as part of life we suffer less. It is the rejection of our hurt that hurts the most.
Just so we're on the same page, #Google's real-time #analytics are the creepiest thing I've ever seen. Crazy I can know all this about you…
Drinking spiced rum and watching Human Planet.
Finalizing some upcoming travel and realized that I might see twice in the same month.
wait till you come to Portland you won't be so lucky!!! ; )
Ive been texting #oomf all day! :o
I love you too!:) <3
thanks! I got it - it makes twitter a tad more fun :-) think I'm going 2do experiment similar to yours - I want 51+ score
Mind on another level question is where is yours
i try asking (: So how ? Training or lepak ? I lepak (:
ok hi
I'm pretty sure it was.
Surprise! is in the house!
yeh I only received the lyric too EJ I'm in the studio now and can listen.
lol :) Maybe you will win one yet! I can send pics :)
yes, i think so. but how?
Hangin with Beast Boogie of Vicious Germz B-Boy crew.
jumper in general>>>>>>
Ok 4th grade teachers, I have to get back to finishing in MY book, GETTING BOYS TO READ: QUICK TIPS FOR PARENTS AND TEACHERS :-)
open tryouts? I'd like open tryouts.
#ArtFact: Pablo Picasso was a procrastinator and often regretted not finishing many of his works.
We are here to answer any questions you may have! RT : St. John's. You still want me. I still want you. This is tempting.
Overheard in rehearsal: it's rude to vomit on a bros floor
Re-watching Batman Begins. Can someone please tell me why Bruce Wayne's parents get killed by some random guy? Why change it?
that's what I'm talm bout
Gotta get my priorites straight
CALL U? LOL MY PHONE ISNT ON
Check out the new home page of our website at www.richcomputerservices.com.........We have our Yelp Deal and TV Commercial on full display..
Trying to link my tweets to my facebook, I think I broke it.
Select a job to his liking, and you do not have to work another day in my life.
I'm afraid of the future, why? Yall respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter. I gotta take a final.
#imsinglebecause I can't bare to hurt you anymore.
A few more hours and I'll be flying to San Francisco <3
Oh shit. Almost missed the damn game
not this guy.. "I'll take one a them chicken fajita thingies"
Congratulations to for proving that only a real Christian can win the heart of a real American.
have u been to yet? Ice cold dunk tank and 220 degree sauna. So good.
One day lol
that is such a hard question!! I would have to lean more working IN my business :)
“: Fans that SCREAM on tee boxes are not #golf fans and should be escorted off property immediately ..” Amen!
PickUpLine: You must be a hell of a thief 'cause you stole my heart from across the room.
I swear he likes playing games -.-
The holidays R around the corner, time to shop for floors!!! Stop by today, opened 9-7PM!
Holy Moly #sxsw day number 2 was so awesome. So much learned. looking forward to day three!
Just linked our Facebook page and Twitter and testing it out...
Thanks! We keep plugging away!
but on the plus side hopefully less airtime for patrick.. and no story would be great.
I just wrote a really good post that was not a meme and Blogger did not save it! I am SO pissed!
I think usually "Freelance Photographer" equals unemployed. Hm
wow so cool me too x r yhu on facebook
HP Launches 3PAR Storage Performance Guarantee - TechWeekEurope UK
I'm moving to Danville, Kentucky--City of Firsts--two weeks from today.
get ur ass up itll work out :)
Closing in on midnight pacific time, feels like three, slept five hours last night, and I'm not in Hawaii
Its embarrassing living in a world where we aren't responsible enough to decide how many paper towels to dispense at one time.
#SignsSheGetFoodStamps i had STEAK last night
If you don't like pickles, does that mean you don't like cucumbers either?
Sometimes I don't know bout you smh
hey y'all just making sure you are open today? Be by to check it all out this afternoon!
Masters in 3D.
That is, names and all personally identifiable information
come on mike u can't expect ku to be good at more than one thing
i loved it! Doing wannabe Megalopolis moves in the lobby!
We did this weeks ago! But it wouldn't work when we made weird faces
I Swear I Love !! This Gurrlll Cracks Me Up! Glad She's Apart Of The ICONiac Family(:
NO is not looking invisible as they did last year & CIN is a major disappointmet this year str8 weakness from them no hunger.
No! Yesterday. Dodgeball today. :-)
Off to Jacksonville for UNF Writer's Conference
Though I'm still on the fence about living in the suburb where I will be working or living in a neighborhood on the edge of the city.
My brother mumbles so bad when he talks , it pisses me tf off ! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
You can watch the holiday lights from the back seat of a limo, relaxed and enjoying the company of your loved ones.Call usToday 602-904-6232
i keep a bottle of wine & fresh batteries in the house at all times!
I don't know, Sorry, dude.
I consider myself a crayon...I might not be your favorite color but one day you're going to need me to complete your picture
Seems like decision to not advertise on says more about GM than FB. needs to figure out it's Soc Media strategy
Mickey's tonight! 10:30. come early for more time for fun
Get at me on instagram
Rep. Eric Cantor donated $25,000 to a SuperPAC working to defeat incumbent Reps, even GOP Reps! Electoral politics makes no sense. I Love it
Many thanks to YOU for the RT, Mrs. Lindbeck! Sincerely, SJH
oh well hope u can visit sum time :)
Great night with the family:D...Monster golf was awesome i won by 1 point...
I hate loosing more than I like winning -
Dam ! I feel like a good girl doing homework :D Im so proud of myself :p
People shouldn't send hate! :( ... Did he even, REALLY DM u that? :)
Great things are accomplished by doing small things well & with passion
Practice tomorrow after school...
Henry Rollins update: he loved Australia. Bringing you the most up to date news! Haha.
Omg. My parents would actually watch!
The illiterate of the future will not be the person who cannot read
We're recruiting warehouse workers for a large Pewaukee client! Interested? Give us a call or apply online today!
I don't wanna see you around, it makes it so much harder. Its impossible to have a good day lately.
omg i loved that movie when i was a kid.
Special this week: 17" TV, 17 dollars. 19", 19 dollars. We got acres of TV, the biggest video warehouse in the world -- Crazy Hy's.
healthydeals.com see what's coming next
This is honestly the last place I wanna be...
yeah good to c u again also
I will never wave my flag as a sign of...I give up!!!
#Karmaloop caramel soup
You were incredible! You made me cry, scream and sing all along. #DanceAgain Is my favorite and the next one(:
LOL, I think we're in a fight! ;) Not a #HungerGames fan, I guess? It's the second book in the series. RECOMMEND!
Who is this?
So glad I can join #engchat tomorrow. Usually I teach at 4:00 PST. Hope to see many of my twitter friends there.
Mike Crowe's shittiest job to date is trying to convince people Fords are good vehicles
interesting - it is a new definition to me. But a nice perspective.
#My #chest is #echoing CieraMariexoxo
Good morning, Lady!!!! What's new??
Why you so darn ATTRACTIVE!?<3. little cutey C:
Nice sweater, fag
First time visiting Definitely coming back... often!
Well said! You have a sharp kid!
Sick, thanks Eric. This is a great gift - a special thanx for weathering the bridal show by your side. Payback will be super sweet ;)
TONIGHT! FRIDAY, 3/9 in Houston -> Good Good Fridays x The w/, & at The Flat. | BIGGIE TRIBUTE!
I am genuinely caught off guard by that statement. It's like the day we became too old for Sketchuan. Time flies!
People don't save money they didn't work for.....
Two months since i met the ICONic Boyz(:
hahahahaha. Good man.
My dick cant breathe she give me CPR
You can always buy time with a well-placed thumb
time u log on aim, hit me up with a Twit-training session! :)
Part Of Me Is Tired Of Beinq Sinqle .
It just got really cold in my room.
we good. Car was damaged severely. Will see what insurance says
Stories are important to understand how we formed our value system.
Thanks :D
My buddy is trying to get rid of his Ultra ticket in Atlanta: $350 OBO
Eating dinner outside and watching the Bulls oh yeah
Many thanks for for #twittertakeovertuesday yesterday!
I'm weighing that vs seeing you after using a derogatory word to describe an eggscelent city. Both will be painful.
haha come by tomorrow!!
haha lucky:) mine started about 2 weeks ago
Kudos for lasting this long! I've already had a box of samoas and thin mints! RT : First Girl Scout cookie of the season....
I wonder if Captain America's girlfriend was Tony Starks mother.
Daedelus was at SEMF2011 won't be at SEMF2012...
Happy Friday! Hope everyone has a fantastic weekend!
u wanted to drink crazy! But weren't u feeling to good??
Morning! I am at home with a col do I will be watching H5O today. I have your packages all ready and should ...
Need to sell a house fast? Try HomeVestors America's #1 Homebuyer. Call us today at 414-305-2704.
Happy Thanksgiving from ours to yours!
well u guys always go out to 21+ places n I cant go with :P I kno same here!! R u going back in the fall?
of course! :) i totally just found out about last week! and i live 10 min from their storefront!
are you planning a great mothers day for mama mahone tomorow ? :)
Can I get a follow back please. Desparate for followers. :) ;)
Make vegas happen. No better place.
Its Easter weekend all!! what are your plans?? I intend to SLEEP!!
Excited for face/off tonight! Thanks Renee George!
omg omg ONE DIRECTION.
Home sweet home. Priceless. :)
Happy Easter :)
need to clean my room
My dad's drunk/confused friend who guest-dj'd for 20 seconds announced the title as "Cheese Is An Angel" if I recall.
TOXIC TUESDAY!!! $2 EVERYTHING (beer, wine, mixers... no redbull) Seriously, everything is $2 so come down and get your drink on. Starts @ 6
Will tweet me sometime today? <3 o;
RT : Do the "profits ahead of people" folks understand that unprofitable companies don't employ anyone?
Knock KnockWho's there !Cuba !Cuba who ?Cuba wood !
Lil twist deleted his twitter :(
Morning twitter!
RT : The poor are just as precious as politicians, professors, the press and others.
I totally agree!
I've been too busy to do chapter 12
Okay, church website. Design thyself!
Scrambling to catch up so's maybe I can in home a little early today. SCRAMBLE SCRAMBLE SCRAMBLE.
When you believe something can be done, your mind will find a way to do it. Eliminate the words 'impossible', 'can't do', 'won't work'.
SCHOOL CLOSING: Saint Thomas More High School closed due to flooding in some classrooms.
im so bummed I missed the chance to hang out (& meet ya, joe!) Hope you had a fun night and Im in next time!
u wanna go christmas shopping wit me tomorro or friday
i had to do 5 but I only did 4.
"That is some man hair. It's like a walrus with a mustache crawling out underneath" Going to miss &
Just got my cookie package - they taste so natural and full of yummy ingredients!
Great to see you too! Lots to talk about, never enough time ;)
DeMarrais: Consider rewards card for summer travel: By KEVIN DEMARRAIS In planning a summer vacation, don't overlook your plastic bec...
from yesterday?!
gn world, tomorrows another day!!
not good enough... Later<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094> keep me in mind<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I didn't get the funny part
My hands, they are so cold tweeting on this Green Line platform.
Ethical exploitation of audience? Seems like a big hurdle to tackle. Not us manipulating them but them playing along with us.
Just discovered full metal jousting on history channel.
okay I'll look you up. (:
words going around that u give free anal rim jobs.
I want the personalized M&Ms for my bday!! lol and have them say I LOVE TANYA :)
I only use the handset SDKs to test mobile web apps on the emulators. Are you working on a platform-specific app?
the lies“: She said...She thinks its Sexy tht I'm half Rican!”
so they want me to go to metrop thursday so i guess ima go
he's going to work there
you won't
Hahahaha. #pathetic. You wanna run your mouth and dish it but run to the cops or daddy when you can't handle it anymore. You're a punk bitch
I would now like to ask how many concussions Plummer had...
"Quote" of the day@ If one is going to #change things, one has to make a fuss and catch the eye of the world
was pleased to be a part of event last evening! Always glad to see full clients. We will be seeing you again!
Btw dr appointment and echo showed meds are not working. Onward to the defib dr. Essentially my heart is slowly grinding to a halt.
People DO read my Tweets! I can tell by my website traffic metrics. Thanks you guys!
Need. More. Sleep.
What's for dinner? How about: Salmon over corn cake or a grilled flat iron steak. Maybe a veal stew or pork rillettes? Veggie lasagne, then?
at least once a week.
why are u writing/spreading these LIES about a deceased defenseless person like Norma Jeane..just so u can make money.
Come to my Champagne seminar 10:30 Saturday am!
Stop running into my car! #please&thanks
Lol I see you!
In other news, water still wet RT : Agencies still struggling with electronic records management, NARA report shows
Have a very merry and blessed Christmas everybody!!!
dude..I AM THERE
RT : Myth: I can't do anything for a person with #mentalillness. Fact: You can do a lot, starting with how you act and speak.
25 days without my iPhone. Sigh. Back.
That session sounded interesting. Hope you share more about what they say.
Tough call. Middle seat up front works for me because u r closer to the plane's center of graveity so turbulence has less effect
Yep..great stuff Thank you!
This meeting is going to be a huge waste of time.
dislike for you has a lot of people pulling for Kentucky I'm sure including this guy!
The college professors and other goo-goo types never liked Your Mayor, but I was always a man of the people!
Read about your BK win. Big congratulations!
Over the 11-day break will attempt to read 12 art magazines. And 2 artforums. Not feeling so positive about the latter.
At #TheMustangCafe With Bea, Bobby, Mommiee & Billy, (:
I HOPE ALL LOCAL MAHOMIES GOT TICKETS TO THE NYC CONCERT :) you all deserve them !
Order your quilt in the month of August and you get a cupcake to celebrate QBQ's birthday!
Hey,please follow me! I love you with all my soul Austin<U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661><U+2661> 104
.. your mom is putting on an amazing presentation rite now .. #loveher =)
Reunited and it feels so good
Haha! Well I think you're awesome enough for a #txst shout-out anyways. You are the new VP!
You know what would be awesome? Breathing. I would really like breathing, I think.
I love that you love the Ravens
DD is on tomorrow morning at 9! Tune in and find out about our upcoming social media contest!
Watching Deadly Sins: Pride...more scandalous behavior
i think that chicago hates austin, everytime he mentions it something always turns out wrong :( but its ok i love u austin! :D
Take control of your credit score today!
why cant you ?
"tweet not sent , saved to drafts."
DREAMS FOR SALE: sell them to you cheap Reality can be expensive
oooooooohhhh awesome! Good excuse to get together as well
let me see what I can do
Tough game for the #bulls tonight !
Don't compare me to those lames...I'm nothing like them...
or in the case of your mother
I'm in my scarlet, are you? Come join me on the Buckeyes 101 Game Thread! W.buckeyes101.com
pitch your article to the site email.
sometimes, perversely, you can get a cheaper fare going somewhere else that connects at penn station, then just hop off.
"When everything appears to be all wrong, you must search for the one thing that is right"
I'm too pretty for this shit >:c
- nice meeting you in Vegas at the burger joint! Hope you enjoyed your group and the scene
If we go blackmon, D.Martin, weeden I won't say ill be thrilled but ill live with it. Not a dream scenario for me
it was pretty upsetting.
Also, I just sneezed nearly 20 times.
will be there tomorrow nite with auction winners thanks to ACT Today! supporter and winner of ACTivist award, Tom Bergerom!
Program my number b4 your bootycall numbers 713-222-7577. If you do, you might just make it where you're going to get that.
I saw #Dadism was trending and got really excited...until I realized it wasn't
Um nothing unless laying in bed before 10pm counts as doing something.. I need motivation to go out tonight! Lol
1 Assignment done. That was fast.
If you truly love someone, you'll forgive the unforgivable.
We are back after a little break from Twitter! Got #photography news?
I'm not feeling so well...I miss him...and I'm in a bad mood...I got cramps...I just want it to be Monday. goodnight.
haha yes it's hilarious. Also term contracts exist so that actors couldn't abandon a show in tech.
Have to read my email to make sure I'm reading this news right. Read it three times and I'm still shocked.
PSHT that can be our alcohol money. DO IT AGAIN.
#50 Bro, what moves you will eventually consume you, are you moved by the things of God or the things of this world?
Listening to all day. I'll never get tired of their music.
Care to follow me ?
Behaviors of high trust include get better, confront reality, & clarify expectations
Schools in England should have to demonstrate how they are building pupils' character, an independent report int..
"Game and Learn" Podcast - Outstanding! Thank you. Next Revision???
Kudos to the Illinois Dept of Public Health for offering "Text 2 Survive", which is a new text service aimed at stopping the HIV/AIDS virus.
Sum bitch keep tweeten me. Wtf?????
I asked the nurse for something for my allergies and she gave me tissues
New episode of The Walking Dead tonight! A cathartic social commentary or good ol' fashion zombie killin'?
Hate forgetting my charger at work .. Goodbye phone till tomorrow
keep going man! Everybody knows UGA has been soft since Van Gorder left. Nice guys don't win #SEC championships.
HB1271 recognizes the large body of research showing that prosecuting teens as adults makes it less likely they'll be rehabilitated
Who has sympathy for this morning? She's recovering from mild sunburn incurred during her honeymoon in New Zealand.
It's okay! Don't feel bad! Yeah, it does! I'll look in a little bit.
I heard you have a good sense of humor. :-)
Apple officially has more cash than the US treasury.
Hood Nigga- Gorilla Zoe just came on pandora
Those people that are able to wake up and look like supermodels... Yeah that's not me...
Still open until 5pm today, and again 1-5pm tomorrow! Come see us at Country Club Estates (Westlake) or Ventanas (Avon Lake)!!!
are you sending me viruses?!
Looking back at mine and 's texts last night >>>>
#NotAPrisonThemeSong Birthday Cake- Rihanna
The main guy is a bit of a conspiracy theorist: he hates chemtrails. You might checkout for more on that horrible practice.
nice site and article. Your work looks amazing!
Gigi is singing for me "Faithfully" she says she would only do this for me...
you are an angel. :)
Stories about people who have achieved their goals, material or spiritual, evoke the desire to do the same !!
Bone Thugs flow
Cann you Please get to Follow me ? [:
ikr I miss ya dude!!! U should txt me sumtime
I just wanted to cheer u up:(
I wish I was a little kid again.
never-ending finger-pointing if Vitt blames GW, maybe RG figured that was most they cld give?
Sad that ur not returning to XFUSA but wishing you the best & much success in all ur future endeavors. #KillerLove XoXoXo <3
didn't just kick my ass at Galaga, he got further than anyone I've ever seen.
that's cool. Where's Livingston? That's where has a ranch and lives now.
Jesus answered mine yesterday <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Meeting with Bentley student leaders tomorrow. Let us know if you would like to chat!
al gone
“: lol @ me always being a bitch.” same here.
SAGA TONIGHT All black affair 18+ welcome. Come and enjoy the night. Peter Blue hosting the party Dj Mystik in the mix! 8779 wurzbach
Looking for a vintage-y country location for an album shoot, nothing cliche. C'mon Nashville peeps, help a gal out!!! Shoot is on Tuesday!
GO TO BED, JAVIS!
everyone knose im a sucker for a bella
Easy to switch over too an iPhone on AT&T. :)
I said NOT a hoe bag lol
Hey Tim! Thanks for the retweet.
fasho wish i had ya number
cant take this long distance relationship anymore. Fridge.... you are coming to my room.
Sometimes the people that claim to love you the most are the ones that hurt you the most without realizing it."
“: Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.”
Gmail. I love you and all, but you make designing newsletter templates a pain in the ass.
- Hope to see Chicago show in July but will do the Red Rocks shows in September.
Its funny, I didn't make the Debbie Reynolds connection until I watched #SYTYCD. I only knew her from
you can take mine but then you have to breath fire.
Chuck Hamman urges his local superintendent to consult pedophiles to design a "universally unsexy" mandatory uniform for students
hey please follow me back :)
Heading to Coffeyville, KS today. Helping an Hispanic church get financing for their building.
Grossman, who knew he would score #redskins first td of the day!
this is a great PPT! Thanks for sharing!
Everybody watch Twin Cities Live on Monday at 3 - they are doing a segment on kids clothing and accessories and they may show my kids hats!
damn #20MILLIONBELIEBERS oh my :o
Got offer to invest in xbox game development, interesting stuff XNA
WORK IT RNG<U+2665>
when I get a car, i'm going to always leave my windows down and my car unlocked so I will never leave my keys in my car
I refuse to pick up my phone when I see "Unknown" is calling. No thanks, free cruise trip.
Thanks for the book reference!
Iv got money to blow
22 songs to learn, a week and change, and I will be Costa Rica bound for 5 days. TO WORK! #gig&getaway
Man plans and God laughs
I need help, but I do what I can.
how can I forget when the sink is right next to the toilet????*the rag is in my lap already*
I would text you, but I'm too lazy to find my phone. haha. Shawn's leaving... If you suddenly want to come back to...
great mix and selection guys. Happy birthday Exodus! Cheers
took an entire week to finish all my science homework, but it's finally done.
Follow your dreams!
Tonite we live at the venue 4 b day & going away party bottles on deck
Preds capitalize off a turnover with a field goal by Mark Lewis. 17-7 Predators!
i kno me too:/
The 90s R&B station on Pandora is helping me sail through writing this story. Montell Jordan has POWERS, y'all.
lets say this if I have 20 $2 bills how much do I have
shoot! how'd i miss my first chance to meet a stranger? can we try to doing this again?
Homework or a nap? A nap. Why would I even ask such a question.
Interested in registering to vote? Volunteers are on hand here at College Library until 8 p.m. 1st Floor Center.
well done
Butterly Clinic-Sunday 9am @ LMU. Learn tips and drills for perfecting your butterfly and swimming more efficiently. Call office to register
Conservatives are pulling together their efforts and consolidating SOMA & SOPA. They really hate Butt Pirates & a pirates booty
So Edgar A. Love a co-founder of Omega Psi Phi also was a charter member of my Masonic lodge... Who knew?! lol
imma listen to it! Thank you : )
MT Richard Smith, CEO of Realogy Corporation, bemoans the lack of a coherent national
Sitting and waiting for World of Color to start. It's still 70 degrees. Awesome.
hahaha.. true. and so funny you should mention hej matematik. i was just telling staci about them the other day ;)
Time is going by so fast.Which means summers almost here. FINALLY.
is chris thts sits buy me in 5th period ms sadiqs class
our pleasure! we look forward to hearing from you!
We could use friendlier & smarter tools. I feel we're still in the "manual transmission" days of developer tools.
zOMg surprise SXSW talk with Al Gore!
Q: What do you call a virgin on a waterbed? A: A cherry float.
ion wanna juz make love...I wanna make love last!.
Good-morning
Thank you for the mention, Debra! Have a great week.
Since you did a residency on Read Street and love books, I hereby grant you an honorary doctor of letters.
May not sound like much compared to many on Twitter but the lack of quantity offset by the quality people I'm connected with.
I hope this isn't in my genes
Its about owners and FOs putting good products on the field.
Why does ms outlook display unread counts in the deleted items folder. If I deleted them, who cares if they are unread.
Don’t let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart...
I feel your #MarchMadness pain!
still it makes me sad cause i domt noo ehat i would do if that wasntrue O:
Tap-N-Burn is seeking instructors in the Dallas, Texas area. Licensing & training in 02/12. Email for info. Please RT!
questionable activity being overheard from next door....
"We all know what they were getting into - each other."
yess u gotta! it was so muchh fun!! &&idk sometime the beginning of December
i'm a lover, not a murderer :)
Out of the office today & tomorrow - family member ill
Love the red and black - pretty! I'm great, thanks! Busy! OxoA
The bar is open.
Key all over my shoulder & shit lol
RIP Smokin' Joe...
EEk!! me too! he is awesome ;)
Thanks! Will do. Hope grow hairs on my back.
At the airport in Taylor, making a delivery to customer flying in.
folks organized to win election then sat on hands 2008--2010 still no black response to push issues
Goodnight world..
idk, ive lived in new England for a while now
Keep hatin' son cause I love my hataz! And I was still doing work son so HATE ME! I bought that puka necklace at A&F! Yeah!
you were great tonight red!
Well, dang! Was hoping that RonWashington would let Yu Darvish pitch complete game against
Need somethin to do
to much weight on a nigga sholders right now May is a BIg month
OH NEW friend's
I wish everything in Lowes was free.
Just got out of X-men... O Hollywood, if it wasn't for your incredible marketing abilities you'd be broke. Love them indy films more & more
cuz for right now its BORING!!lol
O!! You threw the SQUARE N DA CLOSET in there, I'm going to work on it . TRY to have it up by the weekend.
I learned whn u a gud person the devil send his wrkers. But whn u bad nd don't give a f*ck. Then everything comes easy!
#RIP #DickClark, a new years tradition for me and the fam
where are you guys at now?
Jack Frost is back
Problem solved. I'll agree to King Mo. haha
If you are in need of a web presence that fits in yet Stands Out then we're the crew for you!
Gotta love a place where Jaggermeister is almost the same price as Evian. Germany, good times.
Amen, brother.
Space Odyssey >>>
Rudy tried to bust a Blake. Hilarious.
Denzell kick rocks
. I would also be in favor of instead requiring all rock criticism to be written in German. Or, better still, Etruscan.
Dance party?!
ughh! when Penny Coats ( ) going to do a new youtube video? haha i would do anything just to watch her
I'm digging it man!
the best place for it!! “: Jammin to some on the treadmill!”
"If there ever comes a day when we cant be together, keep me in your heart and I'll stay there forever." -Winnie The Pooh
RT : #Oracle #Cloud Oracle and OpenStack: A Tale of Two Completely Opposite Strategies: Whereas Oracle, who gave......
2night is Song Feedback Night here @ NSAI with Big Fella (The Hustlin Gourmet). He spoke in my Artist Mgmt class last summer. :) -LA
Girl: "I like girls" Guy: "HOT." Guy: "I like boys" Guy: "Oh my gosh wow what a fucking fag you're a disgrace gtfo fudge packer" what
I hit up Antones for a couple of Record Store Day releases and the Buffalo Exch 1 dollar sale
Open xchange; opps to challenge taken-for-granted ideas; collab reflections; peer support; links 4 more depth.
Who is biking to work today?
Ah, this explains it: " We're waiting for our DNS updates to propagate across the internet. Hope (to) be back to normal very soon"
Well next season will suck...
I wonder if Newt has read Robert Heinlein's novel, "The Moon is a Harsh Mistress"?
- That is a basketball term - ask the Workout Sloth about basketball - one of MANY sports he loves...
I would prefer it be Charlotte, but at the end of the day Cary is a lot closer than DC or Atl (maybe some day)
not all of us can work at edgy think tanks.
New This Week | Five new grants and three new online learning opportunities!
thanks for the follow!
Enjoyed basketball conversations w/ & all weekend! These dudes are too hilarious...
oh yeah! I get so excited to reply back about it that I never it to take a real good look lol x}
End of the top of the first. #Orioles lead 3-0
wanna go back 2 Las Vegas
FF Interior Designer Shout out!
oh boy oh boy! looks like LEXG is covered by the spirit of the Shrek here. It is super green here!!!!! I am holding and holding and ....
From now on, I'm always, always packing an extension cord.
90 Miles. Duh.
The Cone sisters especially loved Matisse: 42 paintings 18 sculptures 250 prints. Matisse lovers will love this collection! Free!
sunday - don't run so fast! slow down.
I need to strt doing my projects
I was gonna post something, but I got caught up in reading tweets and I forgot
Looking forward to working tonight... GOTTA MAKE THAT MONEY!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
#geekend via keynote: we are living the technology in the Hollywood movies. Augmented reality is here.
your front yard seems a little anti-climactic in comp to KUT's bldg. but ok.
Use repcode MARYJANEEATER at #karmaloop.com and #plndr.com for 20% off your purchase, 10% off for LIFE with every use! RETWEET for friends!
land before time?..okay sure
still putting it and a few others together but will announce it soon.
Homework is the dumbest thing on earth
My daughter wore her hair just like Noah today. Go #Cavs!
oh, thats an older series if I'm not mistaken. I shall have to snag a copy and check it out.
July 7th at The Lutheran Church Hall in Redhook with By Land or Sea and Salmon Finn! Tickets are $5 all proceeds go to Partners in Health!
Oh, your welcome. ;)
RT : Your grandmother is WISE!!!! Love her ;) <<<She just told me that she loves u too!
I say do it! RT think i'm gonna do a moonboot tour
Snowmobile Blaeberry River Golden BC
Thanks to the for the follow!
My moms idea of dinner is the same as breakfast and lunch, una tortilla with a slice of cheese melted on top.
I seriously need a boyfriend that'll pay for me to go to the hair & nail salon. Lol
RT Car wash
went to #Mormon #Zumba today. No bad words, no middrift tops, no suggestive hip thrusting. No fun.
Thanks for the donation for our #charity event #NYE for ! YOU GUYS Have Heart! We love the Angels!
thanks 'Chelle for coming in. sorry to miss you!
impeccable service at we will be back.
All those tickets at MoMA went to someone. That someone was not me. If anyone deserves to see robots in 3D, it's me, dammit!
Dr. Barlow looks like he was in the "Just For Men" commercial lmao
Why do people thrive on chaos hatred and drama? Feel sadness for you.
Rain check for smelling 's car.
There are cats and there are bags. Cats are not in bags.
I'm feel great now cause I talked to him. I was going to cry on the mic lol.
WHY YOU SELLIN ME OUT, GARY?!
WE HAVE A HALF DAY TMRW!!
Your teeth look amazing #pearlywhites (:
The nation will find it very hard to look up to the leaders who are keeping their ears to the ground. Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill
people need to think before they speak. you dont know how you are affecting the people around you.
I fucking love reading! The thing is that now, I barely have time.
Weekend Warriors it's time to play! Happy Friday ;)
I'm so hungry, I only had grapes and water this morning
Most people, no matter the party say "fake" or "protest" candidates should not be on the ballot.
this game has been around a long time since
You know that nothing but your best effort will do. You have studied hard and conscientiously. Get a move on it and Get It Gone.
San Antonio: Clearing in the PM. Cool rain returns Friday and Saturday. Today: Fog, 40% chance of AM shwrs, Clearing PM. High 76.
TONIGHT IS FASHION NIGHT OUT! Come grab HAPPY HOUR b4 you shop till you drop! HAPPY HOUR starts at 330!!
her caramel skin, her kinky, slightly reddish curls, and what will he see? Will his vision allow him to see her as mine?
I'm so #Blessed to have the people in my life that I have!
Good morning Tweeps! Time for another productive and fun-filled week :-)
not for a while bro :/ x
Of ALL the beautiful things we can draw for this art class... WHY does it have to be our feet?... OUR FEET... I don't get it.
The deer you hit is never the one you're looking at at the time
"that's the biter!"
understandable but you have a vested interest in the matter...I'm referring to those that do not
Electric Feel is like one of my favorite songs...
its gonna be mad god
Having a podcast network line up on one side of that narrative only makes it worse.
In miss. Yea outcha all da way
just got my easter presents a day early cause i am going on vaca today. =)
Im done fuckin wit ppl from the west coast. Californians sketchy as hell
Save time and do both with the real doll male version.
Went looking for prom dress today..'
yeah i'll figure out something lol. i have an idea for something that will displease some haha no fucks given
I would think so. Guess I should get on this now as I like our chances of being in it again this year
Baffled that sportsblab etc. don't seem to understand that Vegas odds are set to get people to bet (and lose). Not objective evaluations.
Endless (Forever available) Romance Prom D: lol
"Person," comes from tha Latin, "Persona" = "Mask." Hm, what mask am I wearing & in what context?
Why in God's name would you bother to read anything Borg writes? Do you enjoy the suffering?
Oh hi there, handbag that I haven't used since I quit my office-based magazine gig and started full-time freelancing and then grad school.
Watching 's cover of my favorite john mayer song. daughters!!! i love it!
I will be, with a very nice ass at that lol RT : YOU AINT READY FOR THAT <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099>
We'd love to have you join us, if you'll be in the Inner Harbor area!
See the same faces at the bowling alley every Wednesday
I think Barron would be a great addition but pencil in GILMORE as Pioli's target. Kuechly / Decastro would be great as well.
My friend has two tickets to avicii that he needs to sell for Thursday. $60 tickets sell for $110/ pair. If you want them DM me!!
true lol my boss might see that
Way to go UNC. One more college football program added to the long list of corrupt collegiate athletic programs. Embarrassing!
good man. Do what you need to. I get it.
The 20K fine for Tortorella makes me smile. Couldn't have happened to a bigger douchebag.
It's a beautiful day world! Time to sell that great tasting pie! I love you San diego! Today we are featuring Keylime and Lemon Pie. Yummy!
Call me cynical, but when ALL of your Amazon book reviews give five stars AND they all posted the same weekend, I'm gonna judge.
Q&A started in the panel at
send me show me!!
Ever gotten through the whole never quite remembering what day it was? Makes Tuesday a whole lot better!
Looks like the hail has passed.
I've used AVG from Grisoft for years without any problems on my Windows computers, its a little confusing to find the free ver.
haha okay thank you! You dont have to go out of your way!
My sleep pattern <<< Smh
"If I succeed in putting some warmth and love into my work, then it will find friends." (Vincent van Gogh)
Shot an 82 at Big Run today now it's time to kick back and watch UK beat the shit out of Louisville #BBN #Cats>Cards
If that possum is playing dead, the flies are a great supporting cast.
im sorry :c i dontk now why its not workingg.
#Everblades tie the series at one w/ a 7-2 victory tonight over the
I utilize the twisosphere 4 advertising our clients products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it wrong.
coming from my first day at high school Xo XD
Lets see if Robin decides to stay at Arsenal
Okay I'm obsessed with the song"Broken Hearted" by Karmin!-Kelly
Treating your smaller #donors like second-class citizens? Check your #donor retention rates and see how that's working.
Awkward moment when youre gonna inbox the cuteguy you basically grew up with & se that in your previous messages he didn't like you
well i should be studying right now , yknow
that awesome moment when you get from your favorite singer >>> makes my day more awesome
Singing at Blue Water Grill NYC 2nite at 7pm! Come have a drink or dinner and hang out with me in between sets! Grown folks only please!
Sorry, Carly was running for Government office, too!
I plan on owning my drum jury next Monday. Just practiced for 2 hours straight since both of my classes got cancelled.
hey boo follow.bak
TEDxABQ 2012 has a theme! We'll be announcing date, location, and theme later this week!
Any Joomla developers out there looking for a 1-2 week project? contact me asap
uhm so glad somebody told me lol uhm so damn stupid but o relly thats how we kicking shit alright! #BUT THEY SAY THEY A1
FRIDAY! Enough said!
Up late working on the website. I will have it up soon. Promise
An overview surveys what is covered in an area
It was AWESOME.
mine broke a while back. I have plywood under the cushions to keep them from sinking...
Hard time waking up/engaging this morning. Event though I went to bed early. Dang allergies.
"They are ill discoverers who think there is no land, when they can see nothing but sea." ~Francis Bacon
He should only have existed from 1994-1998, everything since just diminishes the hot.
Yes! I want to... it's on my list of things to do before I die.
Things girls want from guys: 1. Good morning/goodnight texts. 2. stupid pictures taken together. 3. Surprises, especially little ones. <333
they're mailed to your house 6-8 weeks after graduation. :)
Newark & Nottinghamshire show today - lovely weather
"So good y'ull slap yo' Mama!"
Hate my life rite now -_-
RT : This girl stays in hibernation smhhhhh wow lol
Your Norwegian is showing....
This week, at the request of the President, the Department of Interior released a report
Excited to have stop by tomorrow to check us out! Maybe we'll get the kids to teach them some acrobatics, what do you think?
It's nuts to slam Doug Melvin for not signing Jerry Hairston, Jr. I like JHJ too, but was he going to hit clean-up like Ramirez?
I do, however, believe that once the American public sees the light they will walk towards it. But where's the light?
Manufacturing in the U.S. unexpectedly accelerated in September. ISM's factory index climbed to 51.6 last month from 50.6.
Jalen, Skip, and Stephen A going at it right now about the "Water Pistol Pete" comments.
#nowplaying New Order
I wonder if Urban Meyer gets a piece of that too
it's possible your battery is bad - no longer charges.
I know bitch is just a word, but why would you want to classify yourself as something other than a woman, a lady; a child of God?
Thanks for the compliment! So glad you enjoyed our lunch! See you soon!
Holy shit. It's cinco de mayo. I want tequila margaritas tacos and a mariachi band <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
CHI-city, every bit as great as I remember it
Today is a great day!
Maybe a court jester, in a past life ;) Or a shaman :)
I'll reply when I'm on my computer (can't believe you typed all of that on your phone!)
Thank you! Glad you liked the post. Looking forward to the conference sessions. :)
Coffee shops should have a separate line for people who are late for work.
this is the game the Pacers can get...horrible offensive basketball for the most part..31%shooting in da 1st half & still up!
Saloon in Davis Square is one of the coolest bars in town. Like Midnight in Paris cool.
I need some more hats
romper weather :)
Sleepy Kate.
#OhioState soph. Jared Sullinger says he hasn't decided whether he'll turn pro. Will discuss with coach and family.
and should compare notes on their respective work in Cleveland. Much interestingness in common
she dyed the bottom blue & purple
-- Note: It is Zimmerman, not Simmerman.
true but over 70 schools havent made AYP in 3 yrs...agreed look at ACT #s only 17% of WV college bound are prepared in all subjects
Thanks, she's doing great. 5 months pregnant now and we're going on a short vacation next week while she is feeling good.
Watching LOTR, 'cause I'm a boss.
I'm going to see mets/reds tonight. so i'll be keeping tabs on my phone. best baseball year EVER!
FX just picked up a fourth season of "Justified." More Raylan Givens is never a bad thing.
RT : Flyers get their first shot of the second period at 12:43.
TY Incidentally I've been an online tutor AND performed a wedding (one state). We should compare liturgical notes.
Hawks win it in OT....Go Hawks
vegas bound
You could argue either way. Good defensive play, or bad offensive play.
Absolutely! I have too much fun to stop. RT: Would you keep your TV job if you won the lottery?
But that's so wrong! The whole "success" obsession is misguided. It's all about competition. All a race.
Everyone loved the Fibich tonight! What a fun way to end the weekend. Thanks to everyone who came out on #Oscar night!
im actually convinced that the boys think latin america is just jungles with monkeys.
What a dramatic night with my cusins :o
I wince just reading it!
Don't promise me till life, promise me an Eternity <3
Just did my best version of #Dado in magical NYC running weather. :)
Welcome 2 goodburger home of the good burger, may i take your order
There are so many ways to use what you learned in Library school & so many things you can do with an MLS. One day, I'll make a list
you are watching a replay of today's game. You wanna know who wins?
I have a crush on Lucas from Dance Moms Miami... Just saying, the kid's adorable. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Ello, Maine. You're looking dapper.
Bootleg is happening right now! Rasul is on the decks the windows are open and the spirits are flowing!
Gas stations can act high and mighty w revolutionary non-touch sinks/toilets, but as long as I must touch the door to exit, it's scumtastic.
I was looking at my old Facebook messages with , and it 2 years ago we planned to go to Souplantation when we get licenses <3
RT : the time has come, the walrus said. #femlead chat on scaffolding leadership opportunities for grad students starts now!
i'd love to attend one of your workshops someday, love following your tweets. They keep me going!
It is, but not close enough lol!!! Hope to make it to the next one! RT aw! San Diego is close!
social media elevates brands to respond quicker to customers, it's all about customer service
hope you enjoyed your visit - come see us again soon!
And a fun time was had by all!
Thank you for the prayers <3
I admit, most my friends who watch hentai are Asian-American, but there's also hispanic, white, and black friends too
TY for the sweet tweet
Good morning writers! Trying to stop stalling on my next book.HowRU?
Thx for feedback. The vendor () is doing good things w/ the technology. Need to think about friend-connection idea...
readfa.st is saving my life right now
Ugh I hate being confused and lost. Tomorrow will be interesting
Give it time. My 8 year old used to be strictly "no monsters" and now she prides herself on her archery skills.
iPhone > boat
haha why are you up?
I stay fresh muthafucka who asking bout me
#BecauseOfNicki two little British girls pretty much became famous
Criticizing your past failures doesn't help you celebrate your present accomplishments.
well damn. I can't go tomorrow I'll be in puerto rico
Consider the following when choosing the right beverage center design for you. what type will you serve? Hot Beverages, Cold Beverages
The brilliant ones and the and the ones that fall short. All of 'em.
but crochetme is probably the best name ever.
Looking forward to going to a with this summer while I'm at #Furman! :)
Ah, May. The beginning of nonstop seeing my favorite people. <3
exactly my friend, I just hate stupid people
damn that suck lol
across the street from gtown college
Porshe won HOH bo WTH it's time to stop watching now!!
Coffee + cigarette = <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Noland Road B&B closer to fruition - Blue Springs Examiner
true story.
Why, are you planning on hammering out a D2L-alternative in 36 days? Impressive.
Hey Hey to you! Ahh! I miss you too!
When was it out? I may already have it.... Not sure. Most of our CDs are in storage in Ireland.
When that force of wind hits your face and you're going slower than your mind thinks you are ...you are free. Nothing like it!
Music washes away the dust of every day life. ---Art Blakey
I don't like this AT ALL...": Sports: NY Giants edge 49ers in OT, 20-17, and win NFC title; will face Patriots in Super Bowl"
...Which cracks me up because aren't all of you here to network and land more gigs? #SXSW needs #stylists. I say this with love.
I definitely don't want to do that!
Wait - so you mean John Travolta might not be 100% heterosexual? Somebody fetch the smelling salts, I think I'm about to have a spell.
what are they saying?
I hope i get a new phone on my birthday thursday. Mines suicidal charges itself with no charger then it dies as soon as it getsfull.
Poor on so many levels :) But Ms. X has been using it unchanged for, what, 29 years now?
"Inside every girl..there's a boy."- She's the Man.
Welcome New Followers
txt me now !
ai yo la ago
I am an old lady through and through!
The man was serious about his film work... Barbet Schroeder
Hope you enjoyed the flight!
Their list? I got this. We're a perfect, pure R household perm AB voters.I'm a naturalized Venezuelan, but no one knows that.
Ok, that's what I thought. I was like - maybe she's just extra short? lol, and NAWL. I'm never here for cornrows.
I had to read it three times to see it. dang!
bored supose to be doing hw but instead procastinting
#2peoplethatbelongtogether & I <U+2665> obviously.
A Walk To Remember has to be the saddest movie ever omgg
Any #wordpress experts out there? I could use a hand with what I think is a simple issue I can't solve. Thanks.
It's interesting how much I use "interesting" when I'm writing about something. Sorry in advance, if that interests you.
yay!! So glad you got it and liked it. Pop up studio sounds amazing. Spread my brand. I would love to get more exposure. Hugs:)
So My School Os Giving Us Friday && Monday Off<U+2764>
i dont have a phone
I pulled a back muscle and a stomach muscle today. Shouldn't those just cancel each other out?
Listening to Ty Segall while working on logos & covers & stuff. I think I'll listen to Ty Segall all day long.
RT Guess who has the most HR in the majors right now? Josh Willingham, come on down.
Awww, Im fresh out of banannas.
In short, living the dream. Lol
Replacement girl
It's a great taste. RT i like drinking water
ik right she's my best friend and btw I just smoked a beezy
Also I do not prefer my boobs to be called puppies. I prefer Dogs of War.
cause he had to know what you were capable of... in order to want you for that..
Totally inspired.
Sounds good to us!
Why can't I speak Italian!!!!! NO
we are engaged in a study on passive solar window coverings
i just ate my lunch on the roof and my fork was too hot to hold after being in the sun for 5 minutes. eff. however, my legs are tanner.
danler I saw people in Louisiana or somethin were getting brain eating amoebe in their brain and dying from ...
Any sword lovers out there? We are selling a katana with a 4 foot-long blade at DT2 for $80.
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME
"The more types of #reading materials there are in the home, the higher students are in reading proficiency"-#Edu Test Serv '99
nice pics your beautiful
Was Tebow traded to the NY Jets or Winnipeg Jets? He has to be behind this comeback
#rvb season 9 is absolutely incredible. been away for too long, and I am speechless. My favorite series just got a lot better.
You just can't stop favoriting my tweets lol
The only people with whom you should try to get even are those who have helped you. - John E. Southard
I don't like the dentist. Have I said this recently? (I do like my hygenist, though.)
Thanks to all who came out to support us at The Mass Indie Film Fest. We really appreciate it. Everyone made it a great night! Thank you!
i got you, if i can get a love letter too ;)
Why stress over things you have no control over?
Where my Boyfriend at'?!:'(
ABSOLUTELY WITHOUT A DOUBT!
not going to lie, if i were to see joe jonas walking down the street, i'd need a new change of underwear
Oh the creep out is never good, no. Ick.
Thanks for the follow and have fun snowboarding in Canada. I just got back from doing the same in Colorado!!
I know! How are you?
You may be asked: What actors are you like? Can you name 3?
yeah that helps.
not all scars shows, not all wounds heal. sometimes you can't see, the pain someone feels. soo,
People would probably piss me off a lot less if I was allowed to drive a tank
O, so awesome!
Uhm, i need a culvers mint oreo and twix concrete mixer. Who wants to be a doll and get me one?(:
I know): but like it won't even let me into it
The shitheads who call me Mr. Rogers when they see me in one of my signature cardigans probably also yell "Free Bird" at rock concerts.
I seen them in concert back in the day also! Was awesome!
haha great! Me too Lol :) do you watch idol?
“: so...if I 'unfollow' you , then follow you in time to be your 700th...do I win??” NO you already have one!
Made my first commit to a github repo.
I wish I was hotter than him. He is crazy hot
U have heard of Aaron Rodgers right?
I use hostmonster for both, and haven't had any problems with it.
You guys, these are the most amazing strawberries.
Going back to movies now mate? Vacation?
Attik's first film festival closed out with some great submissions. Video posts coming soon
The Border Crossing Card is a form of identification that enables an individual to cross into the United States for a limited amount of time
good luck sir u got my vote. Please come 2 new york
Wish I owned VW bus. Liked the orange colored ones.
Take em! You really no sabe me nah e make!
": hey how u and thumb sucking Morgan doing" we OK I been having chest pains all day but u knw I ain't got no help here
WOO HOOOOO! Go Cleveland!!!
welcomes SINGERS to AUDITION. Visit fairfaxchoralsociety.org or call 703-642-3277. Hope to hear from you!
Good question! What's the motivation for the user interaction?
Totally!! Very exciting! When is graduation?
oh boy that's not good.
Agree. I don't really see how an automated tool could be considered curation. IMHO, curation means brainpower used, decisions made.
Only passions, great passions, can elevate the soul to great things - Denis Ditero
Slow mix playlists are the best
I am going to start snappin on these little kids that keep stopping in the middle of the hall
Time for UNPOPULAR THOUGHTS w Andrew: all Asian dudes have stupid anime haircuts
Looks like you're back!
You may be hipsta cool with your big measuring stick, but I choose to look through the eyes of grace
thanks, but we still feel we deserve to be compensated somehow for having to deal with this for 4 months or so.
we will. I know it.
spent the afternoon harvesting bamboo, and is now the proud new owner of some big boy tinker toys!
ha! I like essay as a verb. made me think of ways the essay is more relevant than I think. Also love metaplicity...
yes! Same here. X-ray showed my sinuses were plugged. I was sure he'd bring out the drill and instead it was antibiotics.
4 for you, Glen Coco.
lame! =( come to the next one!
Do you know where your shirt or top was made?
Another correct guess. You people know your stuff! RT : The goal for 2012 is 7.5 million meals.
What time is the July 20th commercial class? Thank you! :)
Hanging with the Kansas City Parrothead Club members post show tonight at Sprint. Some of us r at 's Prom too. It's a good nite!
I looked threw some of the pictures too. How long did it take to make?
Thanks! Hope you have a good day as well.
sunsetislandmusic.com check it out
Same ~": I look le hipster today ~"
Cute!! That's 's daughter, right?
Good morning to the people of Twit-ville ! "I wonder if it's similar to Who-vill"??? Ready to tackle the Weekend ? Off 2 Jersey ;)
This guy at the drive thru at in n out was all extra nice. I appreciate that! Not rude like so many people
hey guys, please follow me i have already done 30 tweets today! and they are all very interseting! xx lol xx so please follow me! xx lol xx
welcome to CO RT Historic trip to see Ed reform being rolled out so we can learn and ensure MPS kids have great school options.
You're a hooker!
I'm like, vomiting up my insides.
RT : WI Mining Assn announces agreement w/Gogebic Taconite to employ union labor in constructn of northern WI mine, if approved
IDK.....not sure what they are up too today..but I'm sure I will hear from them soon.
Thank you!!
just sent you a friend request on #xbl Add me
45 Degrees and sunny in Southern California
is now Please make a note of it. :)
Was any one else incredibly emotional?!? God I wanted juliet to win but jeremain was really amazing as well he was my 2nd
That was a compelling story.
And that my dear friend ... is why I appreciate your hard work and dedication!
word, let us know! One of the craziest and best nights ever! I'm still trying to gather my thoughts from being mind fucked
The KONY video was already an exercise in public masturbation.
follow da club
Come on and raise your glass for me
SI quoted Ireland as saying it was a 3 INT 41-25 loss to Sooners that really sold him on Tannehill. Wish I was making that up
Well good luck I hope you make a million
Loving my new camera... book me now for Summer weekends for portraits, senior pics, weddings and more... I have some new availability...
Tell no lie THAT'S THE THING I DON'T DO!
feel free to send me an email - rachel [at] techweek [dot] com - with more information, thanks!
how much are tix? What day is the show?
If you have shaggy brown hair and bicycle toned legs, well too bad, because I already have a crush on you.
I replied :) Hope you are well, send the other poems!!
So ready to get big things poppin'. ;)
Isn't our friend-in-common, , such a kind person?!!! Hi Terrina!
John works in motion capture. He made the HF penguins dance and the Avatar horses run, stuff like that. :)
Thankz to all my new #Followers #peace#LOVE!!!!!
Always a pleasure - hang-in there Smilia!
When your sliding into third and you see a flying Terd.
yeah me too. :)
My greatest sadness for the coming death of DVDs: the loss of directors commentaries and special features.
Diggin the music miss!!
To all our ROUTES attendees, Welcome! Share your ROUTES experience through Twitter by using the hashtag
No #EuclidQuoteoftheDay today?
That's a nice touch. RT : Much love for the fans: there are 12 feathers in the neck and pant trim.
Just got back from seeing War Horse. Great story, it is amazing how animals affect our lives. Has your life ever been touched by animals?
Surfliner to Irvine: "If you aren't driving, you should be drinking. Beer and wine available in the cafe car."
Me? F-f-freezing, wet, & covered in mud in the (make believe) jungle all day.
Um yeah The "war for talent"-a book which lists ENRON, HOTJOBS & SYMANTEC as leaders.#Mckinsey #Fail #HR #humanresources know what u say ppl
As would say... the one is Ovah.....knicks/heat. Knicks going fishing in 5 games.
I'm turning 21 on June 19th. Not too far away!
Things you only hear on a college campus: "were having a bake sale to end sex trafficking"
I've been walking these streets for days..
thanks for the RT fellow fan ;)
your absolutely right its too good of a story to just flip through..For the fourth time today i stand corrected lol
Where them single bi fems at we need us a special lady friend
there's an alpha out.
Off to brea then LA So excited!
now you know who is gonna know everything I'm doing hahaha and don't act like you don't know who I'm talking about
Just burned the shit out of my lips and tongue with tea!!!! I'm at the airport pretending nothing's wrong.
It's a black coffee & cocnut water type of morning....
Without Change ~ There Can be No Breakthrough. Without Breakthrough ~ There Can be No Change :)
STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT. HOUSTON TEXAS BEST FEMALE ENTERTAINMENT COMPANY!!!
I love you so much. You make me so happy and I'm so thankful to have someone like you in my life. <3
Have you been to one of our tailgates? Only 3 left 10/15, 10/22, 10/29 in the Upper Georgia Ave parking lot. Music, Food, Drinks and fun!
Weird ending to what was a pretty darn good Rose Bowl. Congrats to Oregon.
Best way to get back to work after a long weekend: Listening to Beyonce's new single!
Can't wait till #ISAS2012 I am excited to be running the #coffeehouse too!!!
tag me in a post help me get out there more ?
Can't call it whats good with you
I love the smell of coffee in the morning :)
W/GET
wait shirts for what? Remind me? Grad?
I leave you to your... moosey fate.
Is also twitterfied! You rock!
your a big mother fucker :] haha girl text me !
Huge panda fan. Growler fills?!
Watching everything in Washington DC.. what a great day...
coding is something you use to make a fansite/website etc.
I'll be your trainer
At what point do you start clearing stuff out of your to-read pile? Mine is starting to get a bit tall
People who ride on roller coasters have a higher chance of having a blood clot in the brain.
lakeside High School in Atlanta
omg moulin rouge is on <3 so happy ! lml
Thanks, Angela! Hope you learned something new :) -Crystal
#1000GhettoWaysToDie snapping your neck trying to duty wine, hahaha
ha! may i ask what "anglo" is?
you know I have that in print now! I made you laugh I made you laugh ;) great job today!
Bloomberg: first mandatory evacuations for coastal zone A in NYC EVER.
Got invitation for an "exclusive" credit card that is "limited to only 1% of U.S. residents" Uh oh. Does this mean I'm part of the 1%?
home sick - hello
Developed strong opinions on the NFL draft based on being stuck watching it in a bar. My opinions are mostly about the dapperness of suits.
lol. Good luck!!
Wake me up when the Tigers start playing to their potential
Semi-finalist and junior at Carnegie Mellon University, Sean Pack, was inspired to start performing after seeing an NSYNC concert!
Talk to them about a singer's career arc. Sometimes fun crazy stuff happens for people quick, but often it's LONG.
check out my ice im so icey my watch so bright its a brietlin and my bitch do it all she be diking!
Yeah? Anything in particular make you say that?
Touché! “: Kobe will never be the player MJ was...mainly because he was never in Space Jam”
Thanks for the follow! How's McAllen? Did you hear we hired a new chief photog?
We were all meant to shine as children do. It is not just in some of us, it is in everyone.
That is the proper response for the situation.
RT : thanks for the RT! < good tweets get RT ;)
solid my friend!!! Thank you!!
From that background I am going to assume you have moved into a laundry hamper.
“: Dell has a 35 percent rate of turning 'demoters' into 'promoters' by engaging w them online #dellcap” > Great impact!
Listening to Air Supply and Manilow and thinking about the Wheel of Time, TV, and new books.
what a lion cub aww so cute
punching out early today. sorry. scraps blames the man.
Nikki showed up with some dude dressed as the Pope.
love dont live here any more
I would never have sex with a dick that's not circumsized!
Tried on my crown today.. It fell right thrgh my head, cause I didn't adjust it right and now I think my nose is broken.
I was mad because you were with him.. /:
Yay!!!! A lil tip go far.. :D Glad you did Good!!
I fucking love that fact that #pornstars love sports and tweet about them all the time
I'm about to watch it now since you gave it such great praise..its not scary is it?
Thanks for the mention. I'm glad you liked it. #cheers Stay tuned for more..... #acting #actingtips #actors making
Pack Your Bags
"Wow he wasn't kidding about all the porn." -first thing whoever would find me dead in my apartment would probably say.
Day 32 of 100: I'm thankful for the temptations to slip out of the moment. They strengthen my ability to come back.
Exhausted from soccer tryouts. Two hours of conditioning plus an hour of skill practice. Soccer rest of the week then dance over weekend(:
I remember didn't think u knw who I was lol
Thank you State Street for volunteering your services 2day & helping to make our House a home :)
Can't stand my sister -.- but I gotta love her tho !
I solved for X and got "Sex." ... I'm not sure what happened.
Happy Cinco De Mayo everyone. Remember we have Happy hour all the time.
i guess i just have to work my ass off after spring break and get my grade up if i stay in the 50% area then im fine I really hate homework!
Haha what kind of socks did RG3 just show off?
Just redid my bracket. Call me crazy - still have 'Cuse in the Final 4.
@ the crib
what the fuck lol that's weird.
Money has for too long dictated policy. The people have been silenced by the corruption. It must stop
all the way to my third knuckle
well thank you. You do music as well?
Yeah. I want to enjoy it and not have to deal with crowds. I hate the people that goto Loews.
I could watch Ryan Hollins box out all night.
If you want a famine,/get mad at someone.
thanks babe (:
Aint Nobody Got Time Fa' Daahtt (:
I bought 3 pairs of shoes lol. Some blue 4 inch heels, and 2 pairs of sperrys lol
Awh! I have a niece too! :)
What is the blue man group.?
thank you! Contact us at StaySocialNY.com, and we will make sure you get the best rate.
"The worst crime is faking it." (Kurt Cobain)
thanx for the heads up on the anonymous hacking story
Love the idea behind this piece by I also love that he manages to fit Peter Elbow in there.
Whatever your little heart desires, babe.
Life's mysteries! ;)
Get ready, brother. Won't be the last time. But so worth it!
It's really fun for me to watch Chris Brown flop harder than Marry the Night and 4 put together.
AH I love you so much!! I'm gonna miss you this summer :( until I come and visit! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00AF>
Just got thru punishin sum team!
I'm in a jam. I got invited to do a 4/20 gig tonight, and I know this is hard to believe but... I don't even HAVE any Columbine jokes.
Wish I could be at #TheColi with my #Trojan brethren today. Thanks to Twitter it feels a bit like I am.
60 to go. have sole possession of 1st in the AL east!!!
not to mention your lil girl grand or who ever is in charge of one of ur accounts lives to hate me thats awesome ha :p
We can go nowhere but up from here, my dear.
*chuckles as the bed moves when all the cats jump up to curl next to me. One crawling under the blanket. Closes eyes, drifting off quickly-
I bet more people today know more about Beyonce, her baby and Jay Z, than they know about Martin Luther King.
Love<U+FFFD>Is patient, Love is kind, It always protects, Always trusts, Always hopes, Always preservers, Love never fails. 1 Cor. 13:4
I guess I'm rooting for the #Coyotes this round...really don't want to see the #Predators win, tonight or the series.
“: Shout out to and lavi. you guys deserve it. Do big things”
I felt that same feeling, I need to see what happens with this case as it moves forward bef I give an opinion.
And yet he still did some doors.
Um. It's less hairy and I'm sure it tastes better.
YAY! finally hit THREE MILLION!
did u record your vid from an iphone? thx dude, nice stuff!
40 hour fast....did that
I wish they made chocolate lipstick
cozy in the dark watching Dracula.
We have the greatest facebook challenge: get 10 friends to like us and get a free t.
Thanks for the mention! New stuff on the way soon...
so cute( ;
Charlotte, NC is a beautiful city. Very cool.
Sorry, Joe Klein, that kind of sanctimonious "honor" strikes fear in the targets of Santorum's fanaticism.
Thank you. :)
Happy birthday !! #oldwoman Love ya
Not that we are aware of. :(
kjhefn my twitter is acting stupid! >.<
well, that was short-lived.
my friend said u are very attractive! Lol (:
remain closed today at home on twitter ;-)
nothing seems to be on the tv anymore...this late
likewise. Thus far I have no plans other than for dinner tonight. What about you?
What do ghosts do when they want to start up a computer?
does weed make you violent Jason?!
If we could see through to the heart of anyone in the world, we would love them.-Marianne Williamson
thanks! Do you guys have a website? “: Thanks so much for following, I am a fan of your work!”
And in my town--Oh my God, cyclists may as well not even exist. #amithatbadtoo?
RT RT : Psychic once told me I'd have three great loves. Didn't mention they'd be french fries, bacon and vodka.
So BAD ass lol , watching Men In Black while drinking Men and black limited edition iced coffee from Dunkin' Donuts... <3
wow, thanks! It was my pleasure!
“: Ghetto pronunciation: Bathroom = Baafrumm, Refrigerator = Fridgerataa, Remote = Moken Troll” true, true, VERY TRUE.
Still tired from that crazy weekend...
": Never be sorry for something that you can control"
Doing stand up tonight 8th Anniversary Party, Producer's Club!
yup - more tickets to Sugarland in Toledo coming up before 4pm today for the show tomorrow night. 1 more pair left - so get ready to win em
Alec Baldwin is hot again. Like, for real hot.
As much of an ordeal as it was for us, it never left my mind that if we weren't a straight couple, we couldn't even have applied for a K-1.
lol that what would change? and how are you doing? I just recently caught up on tweets and it seems like you've been through
Joe Paterno out. Graham Spanier out. Sad day for
Cannot wait for #OpeningDay tomorrow!!! Let's go #Brewers!
bitch.. You had to go there. At least he was cute!!
SAP fires back against Oracle &#39;falsehoods&#39; about HANA
Onboard and ready to go. Chicago here I come!
yeah, but he's never noticed me really, but i already met him so im okay
FAIL! Haha, just kidding. There's no rush at all, I know you are one busy dude.
I don't know of one. Dialect by strict def. is at least partly mutually intelligible with its parent lang. & sibling langs.
Wonder is the beginning of wisdom, - Greek Proverb
you dumb
Albuquerque it is
Love is the wisdom of the fool and the folly of the wise
pretty excited to hear debut some of their new tunes tonight
I felt the same way.... Then again, I remembered what type of venue it is....
I'm excited to finally be able faces to... tiny Twitter icon versions of faces
I think law school has taught me nothing better than the fine art of procrastination. #can'tfocus
Hope so! Good deal. Can't wait wife. :)
Go Tigers!
My dad said he's gonna pay my car insurance but first I have to get my mom to buy me a car . -____-
Oh no, Dick Clark Died! There goes our session on branding and promotion! Who wants to talk bandstand?
I hope to see a few of those shows
There are leaves on the trees. That is all.
Actually, they had Blonde Doppelbock in stock, surprisingly, so I bought a four-pack.
Did you like our buzz?
Thanks babe, it was glorious. And now I am wiped!
but even still babe its not like they lost by a lot
Thanks for the retweet!
oh my goodness! Thank you! :D xx
I almost didn't share. The unknowing was so much better than the knowing
I made a G today, but I made it in a sleazy way.
So tired of making an ass of myself. Why can't I just be normal?
Great article. Thank you for sharing.
Not sure but I believe the winner of this contest gets to work with Tom Antion
RT : "If you want users to sign up, you have ONE MINUTE before you lose the user's attention."
It feels like Friday today O.o
...Which I guess is what we'd normally do on a weekday night sans the second desk.
lmao your new icon is chill
I am going to see the Yankees play the Tigers today. If Delmon Young plays, I will boo him
Looking forward to taking the kids to tonight's game and seeing Whiplash the Cowboy Monkey! Should be a hoot!
Did they green screen the mom into the kitchen for half her shots?
Hehe, i purposely broke mine. ^-^ w/ my teeth to be exact!
Just cuz there is no Easter doesn't mean pola can't have wet food. Burp
RT if music gets you through the day
LOVE the picks dude!
“: Hot in the city! Beach withdrawal :-(” get #naked !
so jealous! when are you going to hawaii?
Oops he is from private law firm. My bad. I retract last tweet. So sorry Microsoft. Please don't crash my laptop
however, i accidently found your twitter handle, so there we are. welcome aboard!
YEAH BITCH!!!!
LET TAKE AN ADDITIONAL 20% OFF ON RED TAGS SHOES AND MEN AND WOMEN APPEAL...
Lightroom 4 is on the app store. I have v3 though...and barely use it.
I'm 3/4 of the way through that book... it's UNREAL
I just felt like making totally new accounts for almost everything lmfao.
Thanks for the #FF ! Right back at you!
Hi it's yaya
"we need to the drinking big board!"
Can't believe I just played at Neyland Stadium. Only the fifth event in history to be held on the field besides football.
true beliebers will RT this and follow me! :)
Again, I haven't endorsed imposing structural separation on current incumbents, much less implied Hayek would.
Come visit us at the Strongland Expo this weekend for your chance to win a slyder football board (Twitter Followers are already entered).
Big thanks to everyone who came out tonight
Oops, sorry for the delay: we have an API built out for some pieces (intended for a mobile app). What would you be looking for?
Home-cooked dinner & flowers tonight? Can't wait.
RT Why? MT Ntl ministry of Higher Educ. ordered immediate closure of private univ.'s operating in
My mom's face when I told her I applied to a couple out of state colleges.
:) I had a community walkthrough
I like to think so but it's easy to push too hard to the other extreme. Where you're just thinking about it constantly.
Frickin cap locks
Why don't any of the families or players in Friday Night Lights have pets, mainly dogs? That's very common in the south.
Thanks for the follow! We've got experience with SEO in the bankruptcy niche, if you're interested :)
I bet it'll be Belikin, the official beer of Belize. Not a bad beer, just tiny 10oz bottles.
Shame Shame.
My new iPhone case came in!
": Mr. on 2nd reference. Look it up." So when you make it big do you still have to buy your own AP Stylebook? ;)
When I wore a suit I had two women in my office, both crying, both hated each other and finally had to call HR to calm them down.
Can anyone tell me why the tv audio goes complete static when I try to connect my laptop to it using an hdmi cord? It worked fine before
#cheatersalwayssay that's not a hickie. I got shot with a paintball gun.
This. RT A7. Tweaks to the way things work today are not enough in an era screaming for transformation.
thank you!
#USHLI thanks and Mark Espinoza, Senior Director of Corporate Affairs for helping us launch #SLS2012!
thank u, can u follow me too plz?:)
- put your twitter handle in the subject line so I know it's you. Pitches don't have to be long.
Went to last night & officially found my new FAV BURRITO! Great service 2! agree?
I would definitely do it, the US is an awesome place to live/visit!
One word: Kokomo. One more word: Badass.
k. cool
love my zobha outfit. Received compliments at the gym today! Fashionable for the fashionista, yet durable for the gym rat.
Lots of news out of the Bella Centre: RT Connie Hedegaard resigns, protests outside the bella centre gets kicked out
How niggas already talkin shit to me about the Lakers I don't know nobody from OKC how y'all OKC fans???? Don't worry Ill wait
Thanks from Leesburg!
Me too and I still haven't done it!
douche chill episode of arrested development. this shit kills me!
Im sexy and I know it...wiggle wiggle wiggle...i work out!
I hate talking to guys that's "Internet Famous." How you going to think your cuter than me? TF?
All laws dictate what others can and cannot choose. Only anarchists are pro-choice
Christmas: friends, family, food and fun. Most of all-Christmas means faith in Christ. I hope you have all of the above, in abundance. JOY
Apparently I've reached a follow limit. Any suggestions?
Wow Jacob... u wrong for that
Blizzard Cocktail, AppleJack Toddy, Valentino, Black Magic, Gingersnap, and Hot Apple Pie! Look for the new menu Thursday!
Just realized I'm a fan of mutiple carolina teams hm how did that happen?
Here we go again.
you've seen it twice and I haven't seen it once! Not fair! But I am finally getting to go this afternoon, thank goodness!
which one? And for what?
Thx! Been enjoying 's think-piece links. Dig how he can be witty w/o being snarky. Snarky makes me sad.
Fresh and Low Sodium Food purchased! <U+2714> New CrockPot full of yummy veggies and sausage! <U+2714> Heres to a new healthy lifestyle with my new job!
To-do list this evening: clean bathroom, clean & sanitize make-up kit, gather photos for slide show to use at Disposable Theatre show.
you we're amazing at bristol the other week, god you looked so hot, follow me <3
Grampa Joe is up, y'all.
What whiskey will not cure, there is no cure for.
I agree, love their desktop app too, but without a landscape feature I can't see it replacing the mail app just yet.
Good Morning...RIP Charles Mathis. A dear friend will be missed..
Thanks for the kind words on ! Glad you like it
Wow - Lakers getting smacked but beware the Black Mamba will strike! It aint over.
I'm so glad I got home when I did tonight.
"Spange" is a Neological contribution to the world from Berkeley's Homeless.
and much appreciated-
Working LanPow that's all! What's up friend?
We provide nutrition tips and recipes for our #paleo challenge participants and our #crossfit athletes.
and he might still pitch, too
Just announced.... Michael Jackson THE IMMORTAL TOUR by Cirque du Soleil on May 25. Tickets on sale this Friday at Noon!
if u datin a girl 4 a week nd she expect u to say i luv u 2 her
Worst date yet . Juss wanna go home
well at least ur not losing ur hair
so do you, and you funny :)
Hanging at the #moontowercomedy opening party. What's up?
Thanks for the mentions!
Windows down, Tshirt on, music loud, on the highway heading to the BEACH (:
Music + science + technology by Nomads composed by Matthew Burtner
I just want you that's it. All your flaws, mistakes, smiles, jokes, sarcasm. Everything. I just want you.
You aint lying RT I should have bought some Skittles stock with all this Trayvon Martin stuff
Would you roll back expansion of health insurance for children?
Liam's is a turtle.
Social Media is here to stay so get used to it or get out of the way!
It's unfair how many incredible bands are from Louisville. #nowplaying Lords - The House That Lords Built
Isn't it the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland?
“The rung of a ladder was never meant to rest upon; but, only to hold a man's foot long enough to enable him to put the other somewhat high…
guess im not going to the circus tomorrow. blegh.... and for the record, A didnt help for shit.
no i'm serious i'm having withdrawals
SHOOT THE FREAKING PUCK
you'd think not but I'm doing research. Heard of a BBQ place called cocos in lemon grove I wanna try.
Inviting 10 friends to follow to stay connected to the #Obama2012 campaign. Our 1,000th follower will receive a prize!
How do I tell my mom that she's abusing #Facebook status updates?
The person sitting in front of me has more than 30 tabs open in their Chrome. And I thought I was bad!
go Kate go! #ChevyGirls support (from the sofa)
One of the greatest diseases is to be nobody to anybody. ~ Mother Teresa
I thought it was really cool thankyou very much. bye. ;-)
kind of you to say. I shall cry for the next.. See what I mean? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Great news on a Friday. Candidate presented to a client accepted a position as sr. comm. manager today! Just feels great. Congrats Vanessa!
I love the sound of that, cannot wait for B squared to take on B-Town
RT : Gshit RT : Fried oreos sounds like some of the most unhealthiest shit you can eat lol
Good Morning stylish tweeters.. wishing you all a fabulous 2012. When you look good you feel great!!
": RT throw it away : i HATE this phone !" trust me as soon as I getta NEW one !
China's big 2012 bets: South Africa rocks
I finally get to try Del_Friscos in #Boston this weekend, a nice pre birthday bash with friends. Very excited.
But hey its long distance ehh worth a little try i kidds josh im goin to my kuzin crib tomo nd my ex is there wml
best food to take on tour?
You smile and say how are you and I'll say just I always forget to tell you I love you I love you forever I watch superman fly away<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
Have heard good things! I want to watch.
I miss my cats:(
You haven't been following me 'til now? Really? (You're lucky I love you!)
It's unfair the way the All Star Game is awarded. There are 30 teams, there should be a 30 year rotation.
he DID hit the ump. what is to be claimed? he threw his helmet irresponsibly at the ump's feet and it hit him. Jesus.
We will save a crab leg for you!
1. Only fruits and vegetables 2. Only water for a beverage 3. No sweeteners and no breads
is really loving our new NYC office HQ located above the world famous - entry by secret password only :)
20 year Tawny on #PortDay with Bananas Foster.
lets go to the NL west for pitching instead of our farm system. Whatever, NYR 2-0
Having a fairly mellow morning so far. I almost don't recognize this kind of life.
Going home for lunch!
;) hahaha I hope you enjoyed your Ubering!
wishin I had a car!!
Some of the best Sexual Assault Awareness Month material I'm seeing is going out of ...
#Spotify playlist keeps growing and growing, #love it!
"The way I see it, you can either run from it...or learn from it." - Rafiki
Thank You! for letting my bags fly for free over xmas - it really helps a lot! Happy Holidays!
lol they really do RT Some people comment on FB statuses just to be seen....SMH...
What's stopping you? You can still get a ticket if you act soon!
lol im sure you make it fine, i pretty mean with it though i love to cook =]
post your Mad Men Makeover pic!
Re: "who" vs. "whom" - we know, we know. Sorry - that extra character was very valuable though!
tcrazy one, bldg newsletter in #constantcontact - images on my mt server - mt server is removing http in url - so links broken
Hah! That's exactly what my wife said. I told her it was supposed to be funny. She said, "Nothing funny about a colonoscopy."
it such an honor to be following u , & to listen to ur cd i got on christmas its out of this world
Last night's show was hysterical. Still laughing about your "cat".
Produced by the Federal Government, it's not copyrighted. Photographs too.
i can't believe they even made it to the championship
lol, thanks Mark, I like it too. The new leaf that is. :) And the hashtag! #noregrets #movingforward #yourhashtagwasbetter :)
Gota stay frosty cuz dese bitches out here cold hearted
MRT : #CareerTL201 make lo risk high volume calls to action to land your client-free e-book, see my video-build consent funnel
Totes ready to tear it up tommorrow :D
This Daytona 500 is crazy! Jet Fuel burning on the track. Wow. I'd call this thing at this point.
totally, I know just exactly what you mean. ;)
Back in North Carolina after, what can only be described as, an Amazing weekend!!
Really Fox News? Asking millionaires to pay the same tax rate as the rest of us is "punishing" them?
haha we will make up for it when I get home
Advice to Pres. Jackson from his mother: "Do not lie, steal or quarrel as long as your manhood is not in jeopardy."
Joe, can I get a birthday RT from my favorite commentator?
Studying some chemistry :) have to score high on this 9 weeks test to keep an A!
Looking forward to Attorneys Gone Wild with Denise Wheeler at #HRFL. Last session of the day, let's end with some laughs. :)
interesting! I thought I had heard it all...
if I let him in the bed he walks all over me, including my face. I am a piece of furniture.
Catching my breath is the term I use when the world turns its back on me.
Jobs r created by sales, yet most salesppl I know don't speak in trms of job creation. Cld that be new motivation?
Love the new cover....you should check out might be a great addition to your photographer list!
Probably, just depends on what's happening later tonight.
I would rather lose an argument to you than to lose you over an argument. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
Art is not living. It is the use of living. -Audre Lorde
Going to Nashville w/ & for the #Blackhawks - #Preds game! Just booked my flight with
No worries.
The man has no filter.
now what the hell are you waitin' for?
Thankful for for my "amazing~ness".. I have Never lost sight of WHO I AM!!
My kids know who Justin Bieber is. It's the end of the world as I know it. :)
You're welcome!
Headed to florida for new years :) bout to arrive to see my lovely family x
On the way to NYC Toy Fair!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Pizano's Pizza & Pasta - Italian (live updates)
so who cares :P
im sorry
Thanks Bella!!! :) RT : happy mothers day E!! <3
i get so awkward sometimes. I think is rubbing off on me haha
Happy Sunday everyone. Beautiful day in Madison today!
we will see!!
can't wait! It's been too long #imissyou I put danza on the party bus cd <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0083>
SD cop convicted of sex crimes seeks new trial. Lawyers for #Anthony Arevalos claim two victims gave misleading testimony.
Looking for a list of (other) German-speaking lawyers in North Carolina
-Pablo Picasso
Hi Seth, my friend & i bumped into you on Bleeker on Fri. Thx for photo! Love to treat you to asian lunch, no photo this time!
Hey Lovatics and Britney Army, let's trend Demi and Britney will rock the X Factor! Let's show the strength that the both have together! RT
schedule your 45 minute complimentary health history with me today!
Election Day Today. Exercise Your Right. Vote!
ikr! Im soo.. Happy to see miley back in the big screen even though i will have to go out of town to watch it it't worth it
Chauffering my uncle around Richmond. He keeps yelling "Don't kill us!" -____-
Now THAT would be entertaining!
I did. I already own a #WindowsPhone (and love it), and I got to demo a #Win8 tablet. Very impressive, I'll be getting one!
$57k a day in SD
Happy Saturday friends! Looking forward to a day/night of fun!
I always find it funny that in a world that has so many different ways to communicate, communication among us still gets effed up a lot.
I've relaxed since ur audacious Paula-more-popular-than-Phelps claim... Now go & again be the voice of reason
Wow. Leander ISD Digital Media teachers are rolling through their 3dsMax training. Thanks to leader Johnathon Vought (Radioactive Labs)!
Me to lol RT : Everything I seem to like is either: illegal, Immoral, Fattening, Addictive, Expensive or nearly Impossible.
Suspicious death in E Austin and police catch rapist who they say attacked a woman in S Austin. #fox7 news is next!
Great chat tonight! Thanks to everyone who signed on! Looking forward to the end of midterms and SPRING BREAK next week!
better follow back<3
Had a blast at #ESMToledo! Thanks for organizing and !
Brothel reunion minus Jolene to celebrate bday.
Tool is officially one of my favorite bands. I can't wait for their new album in 2012
Haha :) RT : fuck no o.o ": I don't think anyone will ever understand & me. Were so weird :p"
sinovic double hand pushed him down.
Last night Republicans voted to increase the federal deficit, despite their repeated insistence they would do the opposite.
My seminar at Black Writers On Tour Sat. April 16th"Learn How To Write Publish And Sell Your Book
"Have you heard the 'No, me neither' joke?" "No." "Me neither."
Saw my first #lightningbug / #firefly flashes of the season tonight. Seems kind of early for them.
Thanks Darryl!
At least you Minnesota people still have the Wild!
are you at school?
Can't shake this excited-nervous feeling. This could go on for weeks... oh dear!
c'mon, dig that beard! if I could grow that kind of facial hair, I would teach any damn thing I could just to show it off.
I'll be turning off my phone for the rest of the day.<U+E00E>
i find it hard to believe that the AV #walmart doesnt carry q-tips. i'll find out if they do in a little while i guess
Why are you going to Tennessee ?? ;)
yeah same here haha.
« Think the NFL expects big things from Dwyane Wade's Chicago Bears. 5 of their first 10 games are in prime-time.»
yeah! What r u up to this weekend? Hope it is something fun!
Boomers reject ACTIVE LIFE stereotype. ZN POLL reports why: 1-too busy, 2-too stressed, 3-too tired, 4-lack $$ for discretionary playtime
cant wait till mandii's sweet 16 on friday!! :)
A freezer full of ice cream bars as a thank you for all of our hard work so far this year. :) Thank you and you're welcome!
23 this morning. 30 this afternoon. The two monster routes of the city. I'm ready. MKE MCTS.
Also, Chris and I brainstormed and found a handful of other venues that we can hit up too, we will check it out after break.
interesting. Thanks for sharing.
Zombie infecting the occupywalk went great!!!:-)
FOLLOW BACK?:)
It's going to annoy me today if everyone is still on about maths xD
Loving the weather in LA today. I should be out in the backyard, but my Mom is out and she has the key :(
**might** make a quick video today(:
ha. i opened that door, didn't i? spent five minutes saying "the sixth sheik's sixth sheep is sick" in the mirror after watching.
My mom's 'guy' is an absolute dickhead no matter how much I tell him he's not wanted he just keeps coming back
you get none, non Paleo friendly over here #sryboutit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
imma deactivate at 7pm, but imma be back in a week or two.
Heya, thanks for the follow! Keep in touch xo
No More by LL Cool J & Neyo, song is deep
LOVE you and I will always support you! I cried watching your elimination. You didn't deserve to go home at all<U+2665>
Headed to Minneapolis tomorrow, hoping to stop by to talk about a potential book release event.
And the rest of the time, loll around drinking good tea and reading and petting the cats.
comb the mustache ! RT : Tearing that shit up
They're just trying to run an office, that's all it is. And you're just passing through.
The Giants also re-sign backup QB David Carr today along with TE Bennett from Dallas
word went bar hopin down west u kno how i do
One demo CD nearly done! Liner notes in the works. What an incredible week.
Good monday morning
on twitter again?! New phone?
I bouta be like f.ck everybody and they feelings real talk.
?? First I think you are amazing Alex!! Second.. when will "Lightning" be released on iTunes?? <3 that song!
sent! no problem at all
Finding a nice little note on my study guide from just made my stressful night a little better
miss u more are u ready
Not a member yet, but I hope to be soon!
Hi, Thank you for the follow.
*moves you over* ..lays down...(starts askin questions) lol
Lifestyle photo shoot in Central Park today!
IF YOU HAVE MORE THEN A DOLLAR IN YOUR NAME THEN GO ON ITUNES AND BUY SMASH HIT "DO IT" SUPPORT IS EVERYTHING I!!!
hahahaha worst project ever
just landed in san fran. its lunch time here so yes i got a corona and burrito
so cute!
New Family Guy.
be sure you come to the event on march 15th at the Filmore. I'll be on the red carpet interviews with Andy K
Loving the Romany Gypsy Big Band sound
Your my Pusher (im my Lloyd voice)
who the eff is <U+2665><U+2665>
But seriously, I'm glad you're alright! Living on the edge...
#ThingsPeopleShouldntDo THINK any REPUBLICAN gonna defeat OBAMA in this next election..
Just woke up from a dream that Old Louisville was taken over by vandal students, a la Mad Max style. Can't wait until this game is over!
yep Kyle doesn't count or anyone else that you could easily just tell to use it to prove me wrong
riiiiggghhhtt! i mean that name is 'mindblowing' haha ...............hm autumn has a happy dance? lol
can I dress like a zombie at madisons BDAY? ;P
Congrats! : Got the final word on ethical approval for research proposal. Looks like I'll head back to Dar es Salaam in January!
Punk rock is making me so poor
Just finalized details 4 #aimstech12. It's going 2B the largest & no doubt best retreat to date!
I've always believed that the root of people is good, and this was proven to me again this week. :) God bless us all!
& some dublin boots, I don't want to wait till christmas:(
#DearTaylorSwift are you going to propose to her? just kidding you're already married.
I find it sorta comforting that more than one person has mentioned seeing Mommie Dearest on television today.
Hm ... I guess that is better than the alternative. She should read your books ;-).
Just woke up to my neighbor going after 4 dudes with a fucking butcher knife!
sorry about that! we will try to figure out what happened
When are you moving back to SA?
At the Ithaca Farmer's Market this morning, someone had FIVE different kinds of gooseberries, and probably 4 of currants. Gooseberries 4 me!
Aw,, what's wrong :(
getting ready to go to the doctor.. im so nervous ):
....and what the hell is an "overdog", C Webb?
Nice idea, sharing info on the books that become important to you. May it be catching.
A real girl avoids drama, knows her time is precious & isn't wasting it on unimportant things.
in need of some trippy, psychedelically inspired acid tab beats
Wow. You sure have some abs there.
righteous :P
#OscarTweet Morgan Freeman... Class act.
ya bitch getting an iphone tomorrow ! finally
no problem(: <3
We just might see a Finals of the grandfathers (Celtics and Spurs for the slow ones)
Spread the word: Episode 59, including our interview with 'web frontiersman' , is live! www.insideactingpodcast.com
ooohhhh!!! have fun!!!
In the hospital laying down and watching tv.
Found out my tweets weren't going through... So I will update you on what went on at the homeless shelter... Continued next tweet
67% of Prospector items are unique wow!
Grace and Amy and Ben and Dylan can stfu
RT : #Collaboration has unlocked a lot of value in success of the Conference and building the PAC-12 Network
nigga you didn't put in on this *Smokie voice*
Are you a student?
you like little ceasers pizza , hot && ready baby ^_^ <3
Thought I was randomly whistling until I realized it was Luckenbach, TX (Back to the Basics of Love)
Niggas are just nasty..
Conference trip 2--Now in New Orleans for AERA. The city will be way more enjoyable than the conference. Way more.
Can't wait to get outside and watch today! I wonder what hat Coach Moore will wear today...?
Alright tweeters time 2 follow so he can win #sporting most followers in a few days! Come on help em!
IM DOWN
Raise it! Much better night
Hangin with the boys today
Loved the Wash DC Marathon! Great Comm Support and great event planning. I will be back!
Just found out that Open Secret will air in Sweden in August!
Tomorrow is my last day of school but everyone else has one week :D I'm bringing cupcakes lol <33
Really just want to go home, curl up on the couch, watch the Daily Show, and then fall asleep.
Darius on the other hand
Now I want juice, well it's Mott's apple juice or Welch's Grape juice for me. Nothing fancy like yours, but they're still yummy.
My email address is & can be reached here or on Facebook. I'd like to use social media to market Dubli any help from you?
Prayed before I ate with <3
im busy!
Orange Leaf is a staff favorite over here!
Ha!! #Done lol
DJ starts tonight at10pm stop out. Horny Hour 10pm-2am 1/2 off all drinks
This girl asked me if I shaved my legs. & I asked her if she shaved her mustache
RT : A negative mind won't give you a positive life.
Baby say ye-ye-ye-yes don't say no-no-no-no~
RCS has a great selection of NEW laptops starting at only $299! Start Christmas shopping early this year at RCS!!
Record is back from mastering! Thank you Carl Saff.
Boo, what's up? Don't let the bastards get ya down...
Hank williams Jr.we knew!!!!! now the rest of you know!!!!!!
Crash diets don<U+FFFD>t work. Yo-yo dieting, losing weight in the short term, and then to regain it, and even more, is a recognized phenomenon.
Doing public transportation and this year for #sxsw. Wish it would warm up!
He'll want the car keys tomorrow.
Somehow managed to delete all of my contacts from my phone. If you are expecting a call from me and I don't call you know why!
Can't stop watching Michael Jordan movies and highlight reels.
Hi there whts up.
lol you have a bed time xD Goodnight
#CIO Quote of the Day: The burning platform is your friend if it doesn’t kill you.
i wanna go to a party & shake my ass lol.
Just watched the movie Iron Jawed Angels. So good. Mr. Cav actually has really good taste in movies.
At Applebees with my two gorgeous ladies!
my favorite team since the Cowboys.
Get some...
watch #Case39 on Netflix
No cherry in my cherrylimade at sonic, i dont think so, come on!!!
omg seriously? I'm not gonna be here
Everything is better with a bag of weed (:
nope, went south to Georgetown, from comet, but not via pike
Real Madrid won! HALA MADRID!!
lol what is the point of this?!
My brother gets his braces today....
Why doesn't my baby sleep?!
Michael Jackson Owns Our Hearts <333
this one! Love it!!
I don't have to do shit for a month
hmm is Thom Yorke on yours like 's? Lol
Just chilling bruh you know where I'm at just waiting to play
au revoir mrs s <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
FREE NELSON MANDELAAA
No Justice No Peace
I agree
NEW Episodes?!
Can somebody tell to follow me plese?!:)
#wheniwaslittle i used to lock my friend outside with my big dog she was afraid of with and look through the window and laugh!
Ohh Thats soo cool girl! I play the guitar :]] and Aleks has a really good voice :] XoXo.
We have fun. :)
thank you! Snakes!
Thank you so much. We are glad you enjoyed it!
Let's roll! And kick! Get you some kickball this summer: kickball.com/orthunder
Been sick all weekend, something going about. Slept 12hrs a night this weekend. feeling well enough for an outing. More in a bit...
This is why I can't have nice things: I spent 20 bucks on flowers and my cat just ate them.
I'm still in favour of being Fred.
I can't watch this.. seriously you can't even touch these players and its a foul
Big key for the Thunder was low turnovers and rebounding.
thats cool I listen to pretty much everything I have a big mix of music
can't you bulk delete the aliases? /admin/build/path/delete_bulk in 6
I think its a great perspective and obviously an image of high clarity and detail. Good job.
tonights menu: I think I will head for a little Oregon Reisling. Still selling oregonwine.co and cawine.co anyone interested?
Oh yeah And Then Ur God Pleaase Make her Shut Up ;P
our disclaimer is clear: "This account is not affiliated with San Diego LGBT Pride"
All i wanna do is get a #followback from and get him 2 murder one of my #beats...i would think he #KeepItReal... Send me ya email
What SPA did you visit this SPA WEEK? Tell us your favorite spa in the DC,MD,VA area & one reason why you love that spa.
I no! Computers are so stupid sometimes! Lol :)
no comment.
I will be playing at the cup in wantagh tonight from 9-12. Stop by!
This weather needs to be in the 80s or 90s again
reach for my hand cuz its held out for u.. my shoulders r small but u can cry on them to..
two peanuts were walking down the street. one was assaulted
I'm finding me, I lost myself trying to fit in.
Checking my fridge every ten minutes to see if any food magically appeared.
Hey friends in Columbus, Pittsburgh, New York City, Charleston, Dayton, Chillicothe, Chicago and Athens - we'll see ya real soon!
yay christmas eve is tomorrow!
sort of huh hahaha
You are just full of great skin care nuggets lately! Keep it up!
Rules when texting a girl: 1) Don't take an hour to reply. 2) Use good grammar. 3) Ask questions. 4) Use the ":)" face.
Welcome back to WI , we've missed you.
Not sure why it merits a response
Good Monday morning from the American Botanical Council!
We all know what that can feel like! Sorry man
#fridayreads Storytelling: Art and Technique by Greene - great resource!
Dolphins got an absolute steal in Lamar Miller. Dude is a wizard.
Afterparty? What, nobody wants to hang out with the baby anymore??
AGREED! RT : Who's fighting? stopped paying attention when Pacquiao ducked Mayweather so he could keep juicing..
Went to and finished my drop so feel like today is good
...getting a little bit obsessed with bikram yoga right now...
can't wait until Christmas! it is snowing outside right now.
This film is the first of the trilogy. The sequels take them to Mexico, then Hell. Will do graphic novels of the sequels b4.
sweet, I will be sure to watch.
I hit that milestone but it hurt so much my healer suggested smoothies with psyllium husks and Solipsism.
My brother is supposed to be back in town tomorrow after not seeing him in months!..Can't say i didn't miss him lol
glad you enjoyed it!
I'm doing pretty good, just tired. :) Thank you!
My poor violin is in the hospital...anyone have a nice one with a pick-up sitting around that I could borrow for a little while?
“: oh shit I meant dedicated to piece of <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>” lmfao.! Hell yea little biitchhhh
Somewhere on the web there is a Hungry Hungry Hippos t-shirt with the Hunger Games branding. Pretty funny.
RT : The most basic of all human needs is the need to understand and be understood. - Ralph Nichols
I thought it was tomorrow
god dont u hate that.. I fucking hate it!!!!!
Political crime thriller author speaks in Madison tonight at 7pm at Ashman Library www.thedailypage.com
Its Better To Have It, And Not Need It, Than To Need It And Not Have It . :)
I think you can! We love you Carrie!!!!
keep looking forward and know that you will be up with the big club this year or next no doubt about it
William and Kate mark first wedding anniversary
Hello Dariush, its been a while. what are you up to these days?
I will never truly understand why people go to such lengths to bring people down and hurt them. But no one deserves it
sorry about that. *goes to die*
Also, thanks! :)
Only in Terre haute would you have a push button to lock your moped
Nice Dude. Me? Trying to get content that I've had lying around for four years out making me money.
The closest I'll ever get to Austin is my poster of him.
Sunroof weather!
Guess who was suppose to text me. :|
thank you, from an marketing expert like you it means a lot.
The Dept of Public Works has extended the leaf collection until Nov. 20. So far, they have collected less than half what they normally do.
He isn't the majority leader anymore! But that's whats leading our state these days.....pathetic!!!
most of the trees here are covered in beautiful flowers !
haha! Tell me how it goes
PPR I like Little - Standard scoring it's Torrey Smith by a nose, good luck!
Thanks for the follow. Now I've met a pro poker ply and a diamond cutter. Such diversity.
...i need u to be my everything,,,cuz u talk like a gentleman........
Its going down on #BasketBallWives Jen had Evelyn's blood boiling
Next time, save your mouth for the playoffs cause even i know theres still one more game & anything can happen.
Who needs a basketball compass; Reggie Miller or Kenny Smith?
Lady GaGas gonna be on this weekends Simpson episode.
Spell check and predictive text ,blah.
Know anyone playing the Main Event who wants to wear 3Bet gear? Message us here or at .
asking NYC's startup com. their opinion of #OWS is like asking soft drink comps. how they would rebrand the fight against child. obesity...
I hate all of you.
I have 2 more weeks to get as Fat as I can for this commercial job I'm working on getting. When I get it I'll have to go down 50 pounds lol
Publisher interest in digital distribution to libraries through B&T is strong
is my new favorite sports writer! It doesn't hurt that she's a huge UK fan!
too late at night for drinking.. sex please
Love it!
Starting the trek to #SXSW. We play on Thurs @ 8pm w/ The Used, Eve 6, & FTSK @ Lucky 13! Who all's in town??!
where is SBUX going?
Shoot ?em Up With Airsoft and Bb Guns :P tin cans
did you ever get to trade for an mlb login?
wahoo can't wait!!
but youre not in the US haha
Jesse Saperstein is an incredible young man. I love his new anti-bullying video called "Free-Falling to End Bullying" with us -...
heck yes! On the 12th? Let me know when and where - can't wait to see you again!!
thanks! Getty is very cute!
Damn I haven't eaten shit all day
Elway said he learned how fluid the draft is last year.
Count me in. New meaning to "going Dutch?"
I need to stop shopping =/
“: I wonder why not? RT : interesting how twitter is not being used as a mode for Q&A. #dml2012”
"Buds need stems to grow" - NICOLE MILANO on Twitter
Lol!! A Pug stalker. Let's catch up tomorrow homie!
has great apps for kids. Check them out!
Working long & hard. Commersh callback in the morn. Play rehearsals. Web series work. Classes! I think I need a wii...
Merry Christmas from www.brewcityonline.com! Blank gray beer pouches are $16.99 through December 31.
do not worry, I am not leaving for Colorado today, we will wait for you. The biggest risk for us will be not to order too much LOL
Haha I was there all night like at one point I was on the chairs outside and didn't know how I got there
Let's go #RedWings! Let's Go!
uhm i dnt think so but im oscar:)
ok thanks a bunch! Everything going on is so dumb!
hey beautiful<U+2661>
Tweet us your answers with #MuniBudget at the end.
A backward baseball hat protects the skull like a helmet of irony.
Hahaha! Awesome dream. Wish the part about us being at a game at the K was true! Let's make it happen. :)
man.. Lol terrible
yes but apparently there is no way to turn off internal. Also, I can't open anything since tilde means go to first in list
woah woah woah i wake up this morning extremely happy only to find out #amywinehouse overdosed o.o :'( R.I.P.
It was linked from Bleacher Report I think. Not sure. It was a terrible list. No buckeyes besides Simon and Miller
Just test drove a Mitsubishi MiEV electric car at
“: constantly. If there was a dj konflikt fantasy camp i'd sign up tomorrow” thnx!
m! Love their crinkle-cut fries!
LM Mayor Art Madrid hawking city's reapplication for "Playful City USA" designation, all about community wellness
I just realized it's my birthday in 3 weeks.... eeeeeeeeeeeep!!!! Can't wait to turn 21 and FINALLY be legal to drink!
Other Lives was the most amazing band I've seen in a long time!
Corporations pulling more and more resources in-house to save money.
almost breaks twitter along with the hearts of #unc fans.
That awesome moment when you don't study for a test but then get 102.
I really love you! <U+2764> you're one absolutely gorgeous person inside and out (:
Friendship is born at that moment when one person says to another, 'What! You too? I thought I was the only one. - C.S. Lewis
One of the attendees falling asleep and snoring loud as hell through out the hour long conference call with 10 ppl on the call - Priceless!!
haven't listened to Children Of Bodom for so long
I start with self portraits. Last year it was wax resist paired with their names in colored noodles (kinderkiddies).
Royals need Jake Taylor, Rickie Vaughn, Roger Dorn, Willie Mays Hayes and Pedro Cerrano!!! Imagine the lineup with Hosmer, Moustakas, etc
Whoa. Had very vivid and long dream that Israel bombed Iran and Iran bombed israel back. Don't do it guys. It ends badly. Very very badly.
Alright alright alright (Kevin hart ) voice##
RT: Who knew could make bruising so hot ow.ly/i/iAe8
Santa's Elves replied in passing as they loaded up on Ped. Pal Foot Scrubbys,"OMG Franny we need more help!!
I'd really, really like to see [REC]³. Can anyone out there help make that a reality?
Sunglasses worn at dusk are a "do not disturb" sign
I'll be there. What percentage has yet to be decided? Does a greenie on me at Market Street put you over the edge?
I love to videotape then watch it.
Baylor don't got a chance!
i could show up :P
I'm about to kill my best friends boyfriend.
in other words, don't bother w hair straightener again. RT Murky, misty weather thru tonite w patchy dense #fog forming
fix degree distribution; change network configuration; PageRank changes dramatically. why? answers to follow
i dont want to be just somebody that u used to know.
& can we get your mom on twitter so she can tweet #buddythecat updates? thanks!
That happy feeling finding a song that you couldn't remember how it went.
Callback for RENT tomorrow. I'm planning on incorporating inspiration from Loraine Velez, Michelle Pfieffer as Catwoman, & 90's heroin chic.
Love that place. Yum!
Good D, Atlanta.
The USF Bulls had a nice game but fell a little short last night against #Syracuse...hopefully they can bounce back.
Greetings. Heal one for me.
San Onofre Safety: Irvine City Council members said the "San Onofre nuclear power plant represents an unacceptable risk to public..."
I'm watching "Amish: Out Of Order" on National Geographic Channel. :)
Jacklyn just met up with Alex Gaskarth and Taylor from We Are The In Crowd be sure to get their single Kiss Me Again for FREE!
C's need to turn-it up a few notches this quarter. "It" being offensive-flow and defensive intensity...they look dull so far.
The sad truth is that to win on the Internet you have to do good reporting and analysis, write great headlines, empower individual....
Can you let us know which way you were coming from? Road construction has caused some sign issues & we'd like to look into it.
Yeah, Roquefort is great.
Hey there...thanks for the retweet!!!
and so r u!
David Fincher would have done it 98 more times until he got it right.
Nice to meet you today! :)
lmfao!!! Diego don't bullshit me, you want to
nope want to go super bad
thanks for the follow!
may you follow me I'm new
Wish I was making this up - David Garrard is officially a Miami Dolphin.....
please RT for my girl it's her21st Birthday! Woohoo! Thank you & love ya! :-)
March specials ending soon!
Happy to see you've gotten so much mileage out of your keyboard, Lauren!
Overnight Delivery for $6... I hate Reese Witherspoon, but I love Paul Rudd. Yay or nay?
also: Pier 17 at night for views of the water/bridges, Toasties and weird underground parties
All the girls are Princess! :)
DIY Letterpress Wedding by Lifestyle Crafts
due to the story, I almost want to watch it xD
Jon Kreft might have what you really need RT : I need a 5-hr energy
You & DRose should get together this summer and have a good cry over the #Pacers celebrating on your floor
Booked my tickets to see with ! ADVENTURE!
Just finishing up Rehearsals at the Studio. Long week. CANNABIS is performing Live Tomorrow (Saturday) @ 8pm. 213 W35th/7th. NY, NY
But what if Courtney Love and Kurt Cobain joined a band together? It would be a 90's version of Feetwood Mac.
That Ace of Spades episode is great.
fuck you guys!
Love living and working in #Columbia, where founded every company and created every job. He's coming over later to do my taxes!
Hahaha, yeah my bank was like, "What are you purchasing overseas?" And I'm like, "Um ... One Direction's album." LOL.
TOMORROW NIGHT we'll be rockin out w/ Avedis, Beyond Fate & Modern Echo Joes in West Allis. 63rd & Beloit. 8pm NO COVER! See u there
I might have a heart attack.
damn not even that, that was a good legitimate reason too
text me the situation
THANK YOU #WIAA. That wasn't so hard, was it? Next time, let's just use some common sense from the get-go.
Happy #WineWednesday! The BIN 26 07 Pinot Noir is perfect for this spring day- sexy, smooth with rose, red currants, black tea and cherry.
Comcast Q1 Earnings Preview - Citybizlist (press release)
YES, me too!! What's your email??
Otw to st Louis for Wsopc main event.
idc hahahahaha he's the boys drummer I had to lh
An angry heart is a rotten heart
Good stuff! "I was obliged to be industrious. Whoever is equally industrious will succeed equally well." - Bach
I'm on edge I ain't abt to jump doe but if u wit me ima push yo ass Haha
Have you started blogging on what customers are asking you? Do you even know the top 10 questions your customers are asking? Find out.
....so many nasty women brag about fucking everybody's man, but dnt brag about the clinic visits to clean that nasty pussy...Bitch!
Aw hell nah , hahaha ion look like dued , that nigga look like he got terets or some shit.
Can I get a refill of your time cuz your intoxicating my mind
why are you going to Nebraska??? Tell tell!
I know!! I use Twitter for ranting. And it's almost impossible with only 140 letters!
Sounds ill, I'd be there if I wasn't at school for sure!
sitting on the beach right now no signs of trouble
Evan Turner bum ass with a big basket
Yay it feels so nice out today. So ready for summer!
hahaha thank you for the wisdom! This is uncharted territory in my household.
The scary moment when the air conditioner comes on and suddenly theres a ghost slamming all the doors in your house...
These ignorant teabaggers just don't understand! In order to reach prosperity, we MUST RAISE TAXES and spread the wealth around!!!
#Insomnia wish I could catch some Z.....
Can't wait for tonight!!! Text meh! I'm signing off.. 2104731706
Is it "Music to Watch Girls By" The Bob Crewe Generation
Miss you guys. Fantastic picture. TJ is nothing less than incredibly disturbing
lol what made u ask me that??
All the pundits and politicos using Steve Jobs' death to score political points is making me SAD.
: In early days of its origination, Samsung used to sell dried fish and vegetables. , will this help sell phones?
Participating in the Adobe agency summit in San Francisco.
I mean thank u
Yo. I get in tomorrow!!
today would be the best day ever if you followed or retweeted me! 22 days till boyfriend!!1
I completely agree. Although, these sites are focused on women ;-)
Beyonces So Gorgeous.
good luck I am not good at that sort of thing.
People may June you from the outside but the inside is what counts the most!
El Paso Tx July 24th lets do this gonna be an awesome night and a great show I can't wait
Anybody know how to get that talkbox effect in the studio? Not autotune, but talkbox. That Roger Troutman shit.
Helping out at circulation desk and talking about getting a job in libraries. Depressing conversation.
Late night searching for new #advertising ideas? Consider non-traditional out-of-home.
Rihanna and Ashton Kutcher? They found love in a whip it's place.
I'll try to make sure I tweet the major takeaways
If could be in this bar right now, they'd know it doesn't matter what Big Ten school you go to, Journey unites everyones.
ice, it's what's for dinner
Agree that Rivers is a HUGE primadona..
If i had $1 for every Fun Fact you know... I'll probraly be a millionare ;D
oh lol. That is crazy, but kind of cool. I miss you :((
Hope everyone is having a great day!
BRITNEY!!! Can you come to HONDURAS?? Pleasee!!! Think about it!!
Anyone know what caused the RCN Internet outage last night? (RCN isn't quite as transparent as DreamHost, but I'm asking anyhow.)
We are looking for topic suggestions for #FAchat. What do you want to discuss with financial aid colleagues? ^mh
Jesus is so good!!
“: There will be no new years going into 2013 so he had nothing to live for :(” STOP IT.
Phone interview with KLTY Radio Show in Dallas went great! Talking about www.curepals.com, A Social Network for Social Change
(stefon crying) omg one low price and double the order, that's 2 traveling toilets for the price of 1. I can't no....wait that's remarkable.
is it on Netflix yet?
It's so exciting seeing people I'm going to be going to school with on my timeline :)
who's ready for funday Sunday???? I AM!
I miss Soria ...
It's the other most wonderful time of the sports year. Open wheel racing. Spring training baseball. March Madness.
THAT was funny.
3 o clock today at that starbucks :) be there
Ready for 80s day tomorrow. I even broke out the crimping iron.
way to go!
Hey, here's a test: Who will let me crash at their house until the end of June without making me feel like a piece of shit?
yup got 4. Don, mark, Paul, and myself. You get one?
Or bring a date. :) “: Don't forget, tomorrow is the last FREE Season Pass Bring A Buddy Day of the Summer.”
im not positive, but im pretty sure im in a dance off!!!
fuck you girl scouts boy scouts of america scouts.
me too!
7 hours until race time just arrived in Disney. Time for one last carb loaded meal and then a short nap. Fingers crossed, thumbs up!
Martin's Big Words and Abe's Honest Words both by Doreen Rappaport
it was a lot of titles, but you all did a great job.
good morning mahomies. <U+2665>
Lol! Now the real question is...can either of you beat Tristan?? The boy's got moves :)
Working on the MIT Libraries' Facebook page, but I'm finding pages a lot more irritating to work with than I imagined... So rigid!
What better way to spend the first night of summer than making a diss stroll
I'm sorry, but Autumn is not my photog friend and my photog friend is not named Autumn. She is really good tho
Welcome , express your voice through the gift of dance!
Sucked 2 dudes off at a beach park today then got bred and pissed on by another. Good Monday.
it's nice to know someone else feels the same way about being a copy-cat! :->
Wishes Milwaukee had bars open past 2am! I should be partying with in Brooklyn or someone equally as amazing!
cooking pizza and going over lines for filming tomorrow. There's nothing quite talking to yourself, by yourself!
Jeffery George stopped into the shop today.
Hey #PMACrew: Liz & ! are going to take a some time off from PMANation -- sort of a #PMANationVacation....(smile) Have a great summer!!
Gurkha's and I don't agree.
Time to beat up on Saint Mary's
He said that is was a parody and he wasn't serious. I thought it was pure comedy when I heard it.
Anyone know of any reasonably priced hotels in Chicago that have a pool?
Humor is something that thrives between man's aspirations and his limitations
NO ONE IS ALLOWED TO TOUCH THE SHELVES NOW UNTIL SEPTEMBER!
Now THAT, was a fun IntervalStrength class! Thanks for the fun time, W'land Hills!
#TheUsociety follows everyone who follows us! #Salute!
That sounds like so much fun! Enjoy it!
Judge rules against 'Occupy' protesters, upholds New York City's move to rid Zuccotti Park of tents and sleeping bags.
Listening with your whole body is a great present moment awareness practice. We can learn so much when we truly listen
Nicki's performance was like the excorcist + Gaga at the vmas + pure stupidity
20 Uncommon Lessons from My Weekend with Warren Buffett (career &amp; life advice most don’t talk about) | Live Your Legend...
1st Question: Why do talk backs matter? What do you do with the info you learn from them?
thanks boo <3 ;*
I think Sarah does not understand the needs of Afro American people she needs to walk in our shoes
Thank you, love you so.
Wicked Tweeters and #TeamFollowBack in your spare time check out our facebook page and Like it! Everyone who does that will get a ShoutOut
me too!!“: Me! RT: Who is attending the #NRAShow #NRAShow2012 this weekend in #Chicago? ”
is my new obsession! love that place! Xx
obviously its music. But is it like a concert or what?
Whew, long day. ;)
Nash probably should have been on my 2nd team.
The conversations I have with my brother on the phone are so weird.
#SometimesItsEasier to just take a breathe. Sometimes.
The 2012 Indianapolis Colts schedule comes out. Think they'll play the Denver Broncos at some point?
Always stay alert at #lessconf - you never know when you might get a fruit snack or a cardboard box tossed at your face.
maybe banned is too strong of a word. Diverted maybe? Regardless I don't really see the logic.
I had to take a break-its addicting!
Loud pockets
Omg why is it an oven in dawns house?! Gonna die of heat stroke tonight
follow us please :-)
Star Wars starts in 15 minutes-- get to the Plaza Theatre.
What if life is one big dream and when we die, we wake up? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
S/O to Big_D_evon for being lame and calling me a heathen..
Thanks lady!!
can you follow me? Twitter won't let me reply to your DM :)
I should be a movie
Sleep 'til you're hungry, eat 'til you're sleepy.
its not about being biased, its just i dont know their reasoning, we would get a bigger gate in my mind.
welcome to Twitter!
Hunter Pence: leadoff hitter (take 2)
follow bacl sweetie
Wake up n find a dollar n my panties! I love it :)
what a scholar lol
perfect! Email him!
Oh my lord , these people left me here waiting like a dummy -__-
OmG! Grandma in a g-string is at the pool. This will be my new diet since I lost my appetite.
Thank You my friend for the RT! Wishing you a blessed day! :)
Have fun smoking them Century Tree leaves today! ;) Be safe!
Yep! RT : Oh, you guys have been best friends since first grade? Please tell me about how unique your friendship is.
Monday no longer holds a dreadful significance. Can't figure out whether this is a good or bad thing.
Haha. Just have to do your best =)
": I'm just not cute enough for people to like me. #whatever"
Do I have any NYC based event photographer friends?
If you work really hard and you're kind, amazing things will happen.
i got yo money nigga. ion preciate you sending yo friends to shoot at me and my homeboy.
#Music School presents "The Songs of Cy Coleman" at the today! Free admissions at 6pm! Support #art & #cua!
Join us this Wed. night 6/30 7:30-9:30 in Austin, TX for Relationship as a Vehicle for Transformation.
RIGHT ORR WRONG #TEAM/GET/IT/IN
ask for tips on keeping the mold at bay...
The best is yet to come!!!!!
haha your a fool for that L word statement
you never disappoint.
it's ohkay , just chill out
Stay up. I'm right there with you.
um, no Tonie I don't think that's you standing in front of that mirror lol.
I keep dreaming you'll be with me and you'll never go.
judge perry sets a pretty high standard
He said: I dont know why you wear a bra, you have nothing to put in it. She said: You wear pants, dont you?
On bus reading redeye..just saw World Blood Donor Day is Sunday. www.lifesouce.org. I am going to find a location to donate!
No practice required! : )
Thanks! Yeah, I thought it was pretty interesting.I'm fascinated by coding standards that different people/orgs use.
Boob sweat.
number? c:
bite your tongue...sister city...they come once a year pre-season...
Er... I guess that's not really a #bazinga. I just like saying #bazinga. However, my squee still stands.
I'm sending out requested resubmissions. Should I let each agent know that there are fulls out with other agents?
hard work and persistence really does pay off! Oh the beauty of opportunity... so excited for the future!
A best friend is there when you have nothing & more importantly when you feel like nothing.
love my peoples at ! Shout out as always to Kim McCall! Working hard in the community!
I'm ready for the weekend.
RT : Saturdays : Training, wedding dress shopping, family #dinner and fun beverages!
What if education is not really about preparing children for the future?
Well, at least we got the makeup call from the refs to get the 4-on-4.
I can't do this anymore. I pretty much have to beg for your attention. I'm so tired of hearing the words "I'm sorry" come out of your mouth.
Kinda funny that if this game had started on time it might have ended before the rain ever started.
yup - weird. just asked our IA folks across the hall. they are looking into it...
Holy crap! First place? State competition?
just droppin in with at #huskyFest thanks.
its ok she's really an African princess on another planet
I got you we there where at
#realrnb advisory people!!!!!! TGT is back!!!!!!!! the question is.... can y'all handle it? (Ladies)
they say shop, we say OCCUPY
3 dresses, a romper, lace shorts, a tank top, sun glasses, and victorias secret underwear. good night.
hahaha it's a long story with him and I. And stairs. One time we did it outside on an old TV set *sigh* those were the days;B
Sunday night slow jams is where I always run away too :-)
We in Elgin in the studio with young wizz WE THE FUTURE CHMG
oh god that will be me, old timer
I could watch William Levy dance all dayy everyday
: "I consider looseness with word no less of a defect than looseness of the bowels." John Calvin. (Especially in oneself.)
Thank you to for the donation of $15,000 raised at the two day Dinner auction and golf tournament. To benefit Shriners Hosp.
I am totally ok with being the only person who hated Ender's Game, apparently. Ugh I am having rage flashbacks
Wat <U+E00E>doe twitter people
thank you ;)
The sunlight is inviting.
6 Of 8 showed and the last came in only 15 mins late. Ended on time though!
Can someone teach me how to fishtail braid?
its homicide
She's loosening the belt, we're here to help! RT : I have to say, I like take your pants off better.
Congratulations to Jesi L. from Phoenix for winning a free salt-free water softening system! Jesi signed up at show.
on the bright side, Brandon Knight will be a top PG and Ben Gordon DID drop his annual 50 point bomb... lol
#ICantDateSomeoneThat has no goals and no morals..makes for horrible conversation
The drumming cd I ordered from Amazon came miraculously fast! Inner journey 2nite.
Grateful for health insurance today.
Up Late Wit A Bad Stomach Ache
Find me near the river, near the apologetic and reasonable
Putting in time and dedication in the studio.
Amen to that. RT “It's never too late - never too late to start over, never too late to be happy.” --Jane Fonda
Why is he posing like a fairy?
UGH I got hear at seven and I'm done at three bo
lol yep freed is right
Hahaha looks like he's doing the thriller
omg. so so funny.. I swear. 5th period is the best!
yep its in my tweets
I work with her husband. If they want to reach her, but can't, I could call his cell. Good luck.
Love this pic, so u always had a beatiful smile. No wonder people love u so much
Blake Griffen is being exposed for having zero post-up game. If LAC can't lob it, they're screwed.
coffee makes me nauseous and shakey, and then later that day I become a #CrackHead....I am now about to crash! Bad coffee, bad!
when do I get to see your pretty face???!! Geez its been way too long!
Thanks for following back! It's good to connect w #wkdev organizations.
So true! RT : There are 3 constants in life: change, choice & principles. No matter the change, we can choose & principles...
Ohh that sounds lovely!! Pls do. See you then!
I have friends in overalls whose friendship I would not swap for the favor of the kings of the world. - Thomas A. Edison
A true friend never gets in your way unless you happen to be going down - Arnold H. Glasow
yes tomorrow is my last day!
I don't wanna get out of bed. /:
JUST A FEW MORE MINS THEN GOTTA GO TO SCHOOL AH I HATE MONDAYS HOPE THIS DAY GO FAST......................
Lilia ... authoritative, independent, arbitrary, and supreme
Pro Tools 10?
miss u too. Come visit! Love to catch up.
Agree! Love that place.
How could I forget the most popular of all?
Anthony Evans Jr. reminds me of my ex too but jr. is slightly better looking with better voice. Kind of creeps me out.
And you Laker STANs tweeting about the Heat seem to have forgotten that they lost by 29 last nite... #NeverForget LMAO
@ hahaha - after having numb toes my last 3 runs, i can only go up from here. are the sizes true to most nikes?
CHORUS OF WHAT
PickUpLine: If beauty were sunlight, you'd shine from a million light-years away.
girls buying drinks
is tight
#Shoutout to thanks for the #Follow! Hope you are having a great day! :-)
working on a chapter in my memoir called Blueprint for a Horse
Thanks--sorry about your ankle!
Jennifer Jason Leigh was the original choice for Emmeline in The Blue Lagoon but her Dad said no. What?
will Stefan and Elena will get back together anytime this season? We miss Stelena :(
RT : When you TRUST words and IGNORE actions you're just
Just witnessed get two pies in the face
and i miss you too x
what? I'm so confused
Im never a concieted person but its funny how haters got my name in they lyin on me cause im pretty smdh.
could you please post more pictures??
Last Friday night behind the bar Swing by for a cocktail!
The world needs you fellas back.
but I'm so bored but I finally cleaned my room
We miss you too! RT It is so quiet on 5 now that Recruiting has moved! We miss you!
He who knows others is wise. He who knows himself is enlightened. Lao Tzu
Hey #sachat - Does anyone have any great FREE staff in/out board software? Looking for ways to help my front desk!
*just not "Judy". Lolololol
we will headquarter in the uk next summer.
G.M.N.I.: Would you mind if I massaged the dip of your back w/ the tip of my tongue?
Two nice stats. Pitino is undefeated in Sweet 16 games and last time UL beat NM in 2nd rd ('97), Cards went to Elite 8. Bring on Michigan St
Defense contests key witness in Mass. terror case
Appreciated. I try to make the Action Cards posts fun for players and non-players alike. Fine line though trying to satisfy both.
no Enes Kanter? What a joke!!!
~Gets disgusted~
The share of immigrants w/ BA degrees exceeds the share of immigrants without HS diplomas from USC's TRPI.
let's doit bro
I need some new lululemon stuff stat
You're the rad one. Keep it up! :)
Loving. Compulsive. Relentless. Deadly. And crazier than a bag of honey badgers.
thanks for the retweet! like us on Facebook, message your address along with your twitter name and get free
Our weather here is beautiful.. I love Spring.
He punched the highlights out of her hair!
where are you moving?!
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain.
Please remember to vote tomorrow: my slate, Gray 4 Mayor, K Brown 4 Chair, Mendelson At-Large, Nate Bennett Fleming-Shadow Rep
the lakers won
how do i only get notifications from cirtin people and no one else?
haha thank you!:)
Thanks. I appreciate that!
I bet that if chelsea ricketts wants to steal something she could just close her eyes and run in the darkness and no one will ever find her
Pleasure was all mine homie!
2000 Facebook fans! Thanks, everyone...and spread the word about the Science Update Podcast.
hahaha a step up from show them tigols lmao
#Comcast Equipment overheating?
Chy but everybody calls me Honey
Hey I know them, and those hands!
Stop by our Harvard Sq location tonight for our Halloween costume contest!! There are treats for all, including special baked goods!
Need a data structure to represent longitudinal and time-series data so I can stop transposing these hashes
Dear Mom, Its Too Late For Yu To Be Blastin Nd Dancing To The Song Booty Me Down -____- . Take Yo Ass To Bed! -Son
Hey thanks lol RT : I saw you on the news. Nice suit!
Word Hard, Play Hard RT : what was that wizard song?
Crossfit has so much positive competitive energy. I feel like I could do everything better there
Just relaxing enjoying my last day off! #love-it!
RT : Wow, what a fun show & great turnout at the - thanks to everyone who came out - we had a blast.
whats the URL? I can take a cursory glance :P
Not easy when your mistakes are broadcast over the radio for all to hear. Nicely handled
We hope you'll get a chance to after your meeting! :)
Smokin indo while leanin low in my 6-fo vision kinna blurry so im lost dont know which way to go
Yup chillin like a mf that's about if
You know how good it feels when you have no homework and can go to bed early but you stay up anyways because you're a night owl? very good
happy happy birthday to our co-founder and board president !
Jesus is love everlasting, eternal life, awesome power, refuge, healer, friend, savior, king, son of God, righteous, forever and ever.
A beautiful sunny day here n Houston!
My copper jewelry, it finished my beer....again!!
we r on our way
gorgeous! Love heather.
Just as my local public library gets "futuristic" and offers a subset of Overdrive's Kindle rentals, Amazon offers me all of them
your mom does that! Lol
Love Everyone should watch him on 's#TheHeadhuntress. Story done.
Thanks for sharing at DC #GEW kickoff! Great advice for idea stage ent's. Have you heard of ' work at GU & beyond?
Yaya come over for the games today
the locals ultimately were bought out, but the compulsory licenses & limited royalties remain part of the scheme
At least there were words. 508 more than me today! Can't edit what isn't there. That's what tells me.
why waste your time arguing with someone called ? A person with no life with the need to create a parody account.
#froyo in cranberry after my MRIskyyyy <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00A6>
happy easter!!!
Recruiters will be assigned a small number of adoptable children & will focus exclusively on finding a permanent home for each child.()
Looking forward to hearing #leadership insights from a variety of leaders in the GA library community at today's new directors training.
Who can complain about having a bad day when your still gettin double takes! Lmao
What's better than couple business ventures? Sibling business ventures. Hitting up later today
Added to the menu is our Fettuccine Bolognese entirely made from scratch in house, only $15 as with all our fresh pasta dishes.
Thanks for #Following. Music is Magic!
NF - HOW TO SURVIVE THE TITANIC (Frances Wilson) - abt the ship's owner who saved himself during the wreck, but killed his reputation.
who gon give u a ticket???
I'm always anxious, when sending off a form, that the recipient will do some amateur handwriting analysis and conclude I'm stupid or crazy.
"He's more x box I'm more an Atari "
TODAY IS THA DAY! We're opening for CREED baby! Not only that we are playing the biggest stage in the state! Big moment in Rosella history
“ “ I swear witout Twitter you would never know Milwaukee mfs got personalities! My TL too damn funny!””
Only slept like 6 hours. I'm used to getting 9. I'm also 60 years old now.
Texas mayne!!!! “: Mayne we officially have a Number one record!!! Drank in my cup #1 in the fuckin country!!!”
-.- Im so hungry
Now is our only reality...Today ain't no mistake..Continue your mission Steve you got God's attention
you really got it! The commercial was shot at the studio above my workplace
Afternoon with Dantzler??
"and ON tonight". "and ON this monin"
you should tweet she eould really appreciate it! XOXO
Dirty Ice Cream!<U+266B>
my butt itches
OMFG your video made me cry !! <3
I heard there is a milkshake made with bacon - that's on the same ethics level as human cloning.
that one with the fox is kind of scary! But thanks for sharing!
Follow her y'all
Gotcha dude.
It's hump day. Who's humpin'? #:)
That useless feeling <<
it's 8:07. How bout u?
“: RT if you're dressing up for Halloween.” FUCK YUSS!
Agreed, cold deck. RT “: i dont think you played it bad , i think it was a bad draw”
I love cemeteries at night,great place to walk my dog. Spooky graveyards are a little bit and a little Tim Burton Frankenweenie
MY MOM NEVER SENT YOUR LETTER she said she lost it at work
Im not ashamed, Im a bonifide Kobe Hater
Unlocking your Health & Happiness: The new health Bible - 660 pages of cutting edge wisdom with over 400 fantast
ain't nothing wrong with #cookiesforbreakfastanddinner!!!
What are you drinking this morning...a blend, Coffee of the world or flavored?
Going even though it's the middle of finals week? DECE. ": Red Jumpsuit Apparatus and Sparks the Rescue May 22nd? DECE.”
You know im bored out of my mind when I spend an excessive amount of time on facebook. Good lord
im going to rio for carnaval! many thanks to my attorney brother!
I'm doing good!! I'm on my way to the library now with my parents. :)
People hating on my bright sports bra with a white shirt today..
All my ex's live in Texas like George Straight!!
No smoking hotel.
good bye :)
Cross bar hotel
in the library like yesterday where u found me lol might hit the cookout today tho
With my dyke
The days start getting longer again from here on out...horray!!!
Filming today!!
ikr! 3rtim3 i hear bhavior or mindless i laugh! and smile!
#Browns fans, McCoy can only make so many passes that get dropped while being beheaded before he folds. QB was nowhere near tear top issue
RT : frightening how fast a quiet night can turn into a family's worse night mare with the click of a trigger in no time at all.
Hell yea 1000 tweets!
hi lindsey, thanks for following. looking forward to reading your tweets. let us know if you need any branding help. cheers
Great service from baggage rep Dawn T, going back to the plane herself to retrieve my favorite Nats cap I left in seat pocket.
I miss This was a HUGE mistake!
lmao nice one
aww thanks Mrs. Broom. I refuse to accept that I am a has been.
It's been so long since I saw Mary Poppins that I forgot how anti-bank it is.
My calculus exam looked like foreign language <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
RT : Lets not forget our Health Experts...these women join me in this dept: and
yay! great weather? nice here
YAY ! I wanna meet you ! xx
welcome to the darkside
If you haven't heard of Swamp Works amps, check them out right now
Um, whaa? : We have reports in Chicago area of a #meteor seen falling to Earth. Did you see it? Have photo?
I love the way this burning candle smells!
Search terms that brought people to #ThePublicProfessor websit: Rudolph claymation Christmas background; Bob Costas doesn't age; women judge
Florence is phenomenal live. Her voice is that awesome, no studio tricks. :) And if she's around this way again: I'm totally going.
Me: Why am I here? Celestial being from the heavens: To wonder why you are here.
Happy birthday to Megan "hot as hell" Fox!! (;
At the doctors checking on baby's heart, please pray that everything is ok. Thanks fam
I provide support for anything and everything that HubSpotters need help with to accomplish their daily tasks and jobs
I'm just like, "Uh number 1 I'm not Mexican and number 2 Cinco de Mayo is NOT Mexican Independence Day." People are so confused.
its in theatres .. how do you watch it?
macs cost twice as much to fix, but I like osx a lot. and some people gotta have their mac! But I fix apple too :-)
Thank you for the #FF. You're hands-down my fav creatives.
fresh puerto rican coffee. Almost out of it!? :(
It certainly was. Thank you!
come see me at JoJo's Friday night!!
Saw the ending to #Entourage coming from a mile away, but was hoping it would not happen. But, it did. It was still a great episode, though.
friday is the new monday.. which means i am watching hulu, packing, and cleaning.
I hate when people don't do the things they say they're going to do....
Whaaa? Poor PUFF! Jackie Paper grows up and leaves him all alone! :(
It also makes it harder when someone wants to switch from iOS or Android and they have that investment.
Hoped the brother buffer would calm down the homefront...but apparently not. #sigh Disrespect is just not pretty. From anyone, ever.
I hate wen people let one person words control they thoughts
So excited, hopefully performing in France in July. Dad's doing Jazz Fest & I'll hopefully be singing.
A proper constitutional amendment would make it LEGAL, but that doesn't therefore make it good policy.
#truthis I'm happy with my life. God has blessed me.
happy birthday bud. Have a couple wings on me.
But I will grant that The Happening was terrible. Still, Sixth Sense, Signs, Lady in Water, Village, Devil... I like em.
dreams don't always have to exist while the suns down and your eyes are shut. ~Alex Gaskarth
only if I come?
has tweeted some great stuff today! I for one am glad I follow him.
survived the mall puppet shows. They were expecting 350 kids this morning. I think I'll just go with that number and put it in the stats.
LOVE IS A TRIP I WISH I NEVER TOOK, IT ONLY LEADS U 2 BE LOST N THE END WITH NO GAS, AND NO PHONE IN THE MIDDLE OF NOWHERE
Could easily spend every waking minute with you and be the happiest girl in the world <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Amazing what you can learn about your own institution at #caseindiana :-)
Bored? Text MIN to 79922 :)
when u find out plz let me know
Love Last Thursday? Help make it happen as a valued volunteer! Join us on 8/15 for volunteer night @ Six Days Gallery 7pm, 2724 NE Alberta
Beautiful afternoon for a walk outside in the warm sun, now to find some lunch.
Yep, even watching live on TV, the ad disappoints. Not a good idea to remind your audience how brilliant last year's ad was.
"The only easy day was yesterday..."
Love is patient , love is kind , it does not envy it does not boast :)
"Open your souls, open your minds - There's a lot of wonderful people in the world outside." ::joshua james::the new love song::
Africa stand up. Headed to Evashia Mwikhali's "Nimchoka" so pumped right now.
What does the ever sage have to say about Rottweilers, German Shepherds, and Dobermans?
I know ur biased, but are we finally the best team in the league? Power ranking?
Having dinner at Bahamas Breeze..m yummy
bon Iver, the civil wars, Ben folds five reunited, radiohead, rhcp, Sarah jarosz. Stellar just stellar
Been gone all day, now time to chill
Semester at Sea Spring 2012
Happiness makes up in height for what it lacks in length. - Robert Frost
That a boy Booker!
LOL. Start calling people!
Heey love, you left me hanging :(
The Venetia Fair would never give a fuck about danger.
thanks for the love
wished they would have asked internet whether or not to consummate.
no problem. ill check out ur link after paranormal state goes off...and if i like it....ull no. cuz i will retweet and dm u....k?
Yo, , I applaud your bravery. At least you did what LeBr... nevermind, I applaud your bravery.
Just drove behind a car w/ a "Lewis and Clark College" sticker. Driver was wandering aimlessly across the lanes. This made me nerdily happy.
Charles & Baltimore today 11-2... Beautiful 70 degrees... Great day to come out and have a Crab Grill
Attendants are tweeting to . about the best pitches. First contestant pitch - take the NYPizza Run national.
you too!
Just got back from a fantastic install in Atlanta!
Thanks for the #follow!
miss your handsome ass
joe we are at rock bottom
Much like your cats.
1 has to wonder whether he/she manifest the "stuff." Universe has a way to continue the "stuff" when 1 continues on path
May The Frappuccino Be With You, New York City. ' happy hour is back! Cannot wait to not spend $5 on one!
im pregaming everyday from here on out
Day two of looking like a piece of poo....and I-still-dgaf
Shady stunt number one
and finally.. finally... THE JUNIOR YEAR AMERICAN HISTORY RESEARCH PAPER IS DONE. shout out to my amazing girlfriend for her support.
Can't wait for Mad Fashion on looks like such a fun show!
Don't ask yourself what the world wants; think about what makes you come to life.
Jenny is so nice to tell u about me. Thank u for ur nice words. :)
lolol, The Ella Fitzgerald has been noted! I think I have a CD at home
I've decided I am going to 6 flags july 26..not for the rides but to see the Downtown Fiction and Hot Chelle Rae :-)
There's nothing more satisfying than knowing your self worth.
Jennifer Jason Leigh also electro-shocks a young boy with an autism-like disorder. How often do you get to see that?
": #BELIEVEtour announcements this month...stay tuned"
This video had a huge impact on me. I see kids getting bullied everyday ,and no one stands up for them. I'll stand up for them.
I heard made the HIT of the game!!! Wow
So upset I won't get to see the boys on their tour #bring1dtoseattle, please?
haha but it's catchy XD
lol... Need you both to come and visit Mini-Me soon ;)
the #walkingdead tweets are hilarious.
#Whydoialways let you get the best of me?
My left arm is tingling.,. ? who is this? who ever you are.. be healed in Jesus name
Waiting for Mayor Emanuel and former President Clinton at a press conference.
rangers swept by the royals a s split a series with Oakland sure everything is dandy
Why are we named Okanjo? Hint (#givingtheansweraway): Check out our Twitter profile.
TONIGHT-Organized Noize with Special Guest DJ's Curtis Dirt, Sinseven, 8th Wonder, Imparidise & Lotus Resident DJ XES @ ABQ's Best Danceclub
If you like it, I hate it. But if you love it, I like it.
were good. She's already 8 and a half months, and she's already taking little steps by herself^_^
I think it's weird that I am afraid to take shits due to a phobia of dying on the toilet.
y'all going again tomorrow?
that's good to hear, I was worried!
we are the band Hierosonic. We will be in Lansing on Jan.14th at Ulis Haus of Rock, we would love to see you out there.
Heading out to #TrayvonMartin rally in Sanford this evening. Pics to come.
We fixed an issue with recent premium subscriptions seeing the maintenance page instead of using their login.
Hey guys, who all has gotten a bracelet yet?!
Thank you so much for the support!!
whatever it is about 3 p.m. that makes me sleepy also affects dogs and cats, at least the four that are snoring around me
pack your mace!
Pre-Order Tomorrow!!! Official BCL T-Shirts! YES!
Hey Austin! We love & support you so much!<3
If she moves like Jagger, there's a good chance she's probably having a seizure.
Oh hi There ^______^ hella bored HERE @ SCHOOL (;
I have written to the end of three Pages and I'm at 1044 words. So I guess so
Sounds like a British gangster...
falling for you <3
Day barely juss started & everybody already annoying me ugh !
Up too early to fly to DC to meet with the fine folks & to talk abt our Bridging Cultures programs.
FAB LAB Open House, Saturday at noon! Come see the makerbot in action and find out more about the FFL Fab Lab!
went to sleep phone had a full battery, woke up phone was dead o.0
COSTANZA - Seinfeld Star Jason Alexander will be at the B'nai Israel Congregation in Maryland tonight at 8pm
what was from me?
The Journey.The Triumph.The Struggle.The Pretty.The Hit.And All In Between.ME
i did and i said im WORKING!! :p
Thank you for hosting your event with us!
Loving my bathroom painted for me today. Thank you friend :) now hurry back and paint my bedroom!
My ADHD is really acting up..... (:
"i'll win that Motley Crue mirror, if it fucking kills me"
did you see my beautiful girls pic from my photo class this week! 2cute!
Watched UP! with the fam tonight. So cute and heartwarming. Just makes you wish your dog could talk.
Listening to discuss the mental health of astronauts.
If you owe me money, don't call me and ask if I know anyone who has weed.
I'm on the same time as Saskatchewan!
I am so in love with Leavin In The Morning by So good! <3
thanks for the USPS information, very helpful!
Only 5 words to say I have your opinion does not care;)
Downloaded the Kindle app for iPhone and a book, and I must say, I'm very impressed.
what happen yesterday bruh
videos every week? Omg!! This summer is gonna be awesome!<3
Happy Love day my loves <3
yeah..they're lucky im not the suing type. This was blatant negligence!
I am going to need my remote to switch between the Mets, Yankees, Knicks and Rangers tonight
Being trolled.so hard by the satellite at work. Switched oldies stations when YNWA came on and twenty minutes later the other one played it.
Jess, appreciate the response. Great service. Could we speak further? Please reach me at "jboren (at) meisarchitects (dot) com".
That's my opinion of the day! :) Enjoy the rest of your Tuesday everyone and watch Lost tonight!!!
he said to me he did and he said somethin about Jon, but sound
I'm such a Fatass. And I need better people to follow on
whether you want to be with them or be them, who doesn't love ?
#sugarbowl So we already know that they don't believe in defense in the PAC-12, Big 10, or Big 12, so how about the ACC?
Welcome to my 700th follower, Thanks!
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL and ALEX LOVES JACK Oh, am I late? My bad...
haha Thank!s! I had nothing better to do when I was stuck on the couch so I took pictures of myself!
Cats are so smart. They can go all day and not do anything. And not be yelled at for being so smart.
Camo Couch Snuggie? Sounds like the entire target demo of The History Channel!
I got it. Just think the whole bacon obsession is funny
At the Silverlight user group on the MS campus. Woo hoo!
"If you think nobody cares about you, try missing a couple of mortgage payments. "
Johnny was a schoolboy when he heard his first Beatles song.....
i just shotout cuz she is my best friend ;D if you want me to give you shoutout you most be following she ;D or just ask me :D
Business Families Foundation (BFF) launches a new version of virtual learning courses, specially designed for Educators and Students
If there wasn't any 'security guards' at Atrisco, it'd be the chillest school ever.
Thank You for returning my car It took a month and a week to fix a scratch.
the A isn't final lol. I had that before the final, Ben said it looked fine but I totally bombed it lol
thx for coming out to read today! and I were totally stoked.
RT : Any hardcore NFL fans out there? Name your team...steeler nation!!!
"You tell those spiders Ron."
got to have a good one. A real bmore jumbo lump hardly no filler crab cake.
Hey what kinda beer do you think is drinking at work? I bet it's an import
#10ThingsIFindAttractive when people know the difference between a possesive and a contraction, and how to use it.
My pleasure. :)
#BOYFRIEND10DAYS Let's get this trending for ;D so he can show us the single cover *__*
Praying for you tonight. I know God's truth always wins, it never fails. Many blessings!
new cash clown ft paris ross an luke g &quot;im a cash clown&quot;
No, I will NOT ascribe to such a statement used to say it is okay to inflict Autism bullying & abuse while we live. NEVER
ME and the wish involves you<3 I just want you to notice me and tweet me back ?
peanut butter in a smoothie? What else do you put in it?
Sry, should be only with $$$. Cause I have tons? Annoyed.
Sorry boo, been with the same man for almost a year now
First day today. Excited!
Beautiful Sunny day in the Seattle area today! Take advantage, we do not get many of these here!
I'm over at RTC but may have to venture out to Studio D soon! Thanks!
Oh man I need a computer.
Jammin' for Japan is tomorrow! 4pm at The Lily Pad in Cambridge, MA. (:
really(: that's cool
I envy all of you with hot weather -- it's more like November here in Boston than May!
Thank you NCAA for keeping my head from hurting during this UK-Baylor game. Those uniforms hurt my eyes!
Do you think the #Saints bounty program investigation will expand to the #Redskins to the point that they'll receive punishment too?
The original Key Value store and for developers who want to do other stuff real good too
Lol did Rafiq just ask me that? He a foo
when he makes you smile with every word he says.
Showing a little #MondayLuv to Thanks for the RTs!
## The Woolen Mills Witch ##
beach>>>anywhere else
Thx to all the amazing (& hungry) #SXSW folks that showed up for the bbq! special props to for organizing it all!
"Always design a thing by considering it in its next larger context -- a chair in a room, a room in a house, a house in an environment etc.
Lookin Good Mister!! :) Hope All Is Going Well!!! xo
of course I miss you <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Becky is amazing - we love her! How is your cleanse going so far?
I'm actually pumped for Boy's State now. And I've got platform ideas o. The roll
can i see jerry lol
Of course he was released on bail...this is bs. But what do you expect from the US of A
Ahh its beautiful! <U+2661>
Maybe is on to something about this draft. I have no idea who a lot of these people being drafted are!
How's my beautiful friend?
First road trip soundtrack selection: Baby Got Back. Hey, that's new music too, right?
CAMEL TOO RT : What sounds good to eat right now?
PEACE OUT, SEATTLE.
Highly recommend Slow Dance in Midtown @ The Whitefire Theatre in Sherman Oaks! Very strong cast, writing & direction! Good theater!
bout to & congrats on the lil one!
DEUS EX: HUMAN REVOLUTION-fest.
Man, Whole Foods have the best hot food.
if you look out this window, you see dust. And out this window... more dust.
Just keep chuggin' along...
on-wee
Create boundaries or life will create them for you. #experience (Simple, deep and so very true)
gets my vote to replace Beadle on Sports Nation
cram it
Does Dwight Howard have lady parts????he actin like a pussy
I have to say, if nothing comes of this whole JCP rebranding, their new advertising champaign is a winner.
I think oomf cute
Everyone who look's at my phone says.. "can i has cheeseburgers...?" lmfaooooo
LOTS of new updates on our site including information about our April tournament. Make sure to stop by & check it out!...
I know you post generally about this sort of thing, but you have so many tweets hard to find, if they like it, let me know?
I'm so glad I attended Junior's Celebration of Life. Biggest surprise of the night was seeing Elway & P.Manning there.
if u or someone u kno needs Social Media promotions, contact me by email [ ]
When a child enters your life it's time to learn [not time to teach]. - Jaggi Vasudev
so these two cars just stop in the middle of the street and they started fighting , the fuckery in Dorchester lol
So I shout out your name! From the rooftops I proclaim that I am yours!
I'm at a party at an anime studio right now. LA is a wonderful place. Also, anime people are delightful.
Wanna win $300? Wanna have a blast in Nashville? Today. Downtown. Amazing Race Style Adventure. www.CityStreak.com.
bangarang Peter pan!
Antonio J is the name and directing is my game lol
Guys are bug a boos
what is britt
Promoter university, done. Maryland for the weekend then ATL for a hot sec on Monday. SC- bound Tues for work.
Just started twittering from phone. Testing. Testing.
Tired of keeping a secret. did a #photo shoot w him last weekend for the #earthseries & um
Thanks for MT, , nice paper
3's can do one of three things... 1.Beat you 2. Keep you in the game 3. Bring you back from a deficit.
happy mothers day sis!!
Rest in peace great aunt June, I'll miss you<3
I now know where i get my attitude from.
sorry just been very busy
you got. Although i doubt Halladay will pitch to me soon
i aplaud my bff for this tweet!
Finally get too see my nigga tomorrow!
Q4: tired eyes, headaches, neck pain
Home Field Advantage!
STOP. Now make that mothafucka hammer time like *Dance battle*
wow really wish I could see this!
super true!
hope you are doing well brother!
w.kandizone.com a place to find special adult kandi......online store just opened...browse and have fun...i do
I will tell you more. :)
Gr8 gong meditation!
Actors #Google is your friend -- use it to investigate Acting Teachers, Directors & Producers @ auditions, and Agencies.
#askzayn Do you speak Turkish for me?........ ' SENI SEVIYORUM'
Hyflex = hybrid flexibility in course design & delivery - students choose which modality to use week to week
Oh, I guess in general. I've been off it for a few months now.
I'm not gonna go after all.I'm just gonna wait till next time. Bad timing
can someone explain to me why we were made to wait for 15 minutes when at least 50% of the tables were open?
absolutely! Let's not leave out the making #FemTechNet & feminism 2day shud include queer/trans
Clean it up, coke whore
#PhDStudentPanel graduate students speaking about their library needs...
Sometimes things are too broken to be fixed
Thanks everyone. I thought "big black cloud" might indicate rain. Now I know it really means Rick Perry's a racist. Seriously?
>2 hours of sleep
people i get my facebook dez month u know u could hit me up there 2 when i get yall goin 2 hav my name ima put it on here
no it was 6thhhh. because i remember specifically that day james marone rode his bike to my house. LMFAO
Do this. 1. Make a hit list of everyone you hate. 2. Go down the list, and send warm/caring thoughts to each person. 3. Feel better.
The Pens need to learn how to play a damn game!
My fingers hurt!!! I shoulda learned piano. Lol.
Sad? You will later be happy. Crying? You will later be smiling. Because Newtons law says for every action there is an opposite reaction
Still have to write this letter....damn!
lmfao gasp no its perf for your previous tweet
Mixtape :"Blow Up Like Da World trade" Drops Sep.15 .New Features nd Promotions Soon To Come.Yee! www.myspace.com/Baddassmug3000
No school! Happy Presidents Day!
it's okay Jason, real men cry, cook & listen 2 the Moth (lol)
Cranking Lady Gaga straight from Milwaukee to Madison. Quite the pleasurable trip.
My iLove app has apparently already been invented and uses a GPS system to detect folks around you. Next idea: virtual bacon.
In love with Alex Clare!! Love his music!
I remember when social networking was something that happened in person
Let's get together for a beer one of these nights! Have a great weekend.
Today I get to dive into Critical Race Theory work on Equal Employment Opportunity. I like starting new projects!
cool, I'll be watching 2nite!
Making no sense...clogging toilets...getting weeted...life of a blodster...
Check us out and follow us its your boy Des
Thanks for the RT! :-)
wow! I didn't think you would me:)) Its been forever!! im doing good! You?
“: Some people are meant to fall I'n love with eachother but not meant to be together.”
Ex boyfriends are off limits to friends, I mean that's just like the rules of feminism ...
Congratulations to Bet Tzedek General Counsel Michelle Williams Court on her recent appointment to the LA Superior Court by Governor Brown
Thx! We love Tabard Inn too. RT : on the wknd try either Tabard Inn or you won't be disappointed
and I are gonna have a good summer
I'm not gunna see on my tv anymore , brb ima go cry a river -.-
is still a mile away from the finish line. what a rip.
congrats! Where we're you before?
What's up! Are you going to be able to make it to class on Monday?
It's always -That 1 who wants a relationship<U+E106> -The 1 who just wants to have sex <U+E402> - & the 1 who always wants to chill <U+E056>
It is a good thing, not a bad thing, that I can think of good reasons to vote for any candidate (except ykw) running in #wirecall today
Thanks for sharing the fantastic #elearning resources. I will pass them along!
Epic Students rule, we had 22 tonight! Ice blocking rocked! Next week is the big fishing tourney! Biggest fish gets $20! Bring a friend!
well he's here!!
CONGRATULATIONS!!!! you had the 50th tweet and you're qualified to go to Beverly Hills to hang with :) We'll DM u!
let's be honest here......weave us cool dude. He can do no wrong.
Ok I can't play tight. We're 600 bb deep FFS!
HA HA that's why you fucking missed xD
hey, Ryan! Was great to meet you too! How was the rest of south by for you?
Progress. And as soon as I turn on my computer and finish what I need too i am doing my tumblr. Shit needs to get real son!
Cleaning today.. cleaning a lot of junk out
If I'm not follow u back, lemme know...my twitter wanna be an asshole.
if this was your yearbook I'd say "have a great summer and never change. You rock!"- seriously had a blast w you!
Today is the Dean's birthday! Please join us in wishing Dr. Stan a very happy day, and many more!
its that amsterdam, paris and an extension to london. its in 2013!! so a whole year to save!!!
It's like being Google.
spent the morning interviewing people on the streets of Chicago for the Chicago French Market.
my pattern for working is addictive I place design ideas around and when new ideas pop up I cant stop working.thank u lord I'm addicted
I'm sorry Ashley. :(
Congrats #Knicks on another win! :)
“: .“: And the bus bully strikes again. #ihatethisguy” ---who is that?” this dude on the bus who acts like a bully
Simmons making excuses for the Clippers crowd. Yet the Heat don't have any excuses.
You go.
First time back on #cta in awhile and bus pops a tire. This never happened when I took a boat to work. Gonna be a long
follow us back please?
Mission: do for books what has been done for journals
since i dont listen to lyrics&only listen to music as a background type thing, i dont even realize but i listen to soo much christian music
Had a nice day with some of the FreedomLink Kids... Will switch to SMS soon... :)
This Celtics-Hawks series has been the most intense so far.
When a person develops attachment to another or an object he is bound to go through pain and suffering.
Now I'm curious. I wonder how many #MLS ownership groups are directly tied to Goldman Sachs.
Riddle me this. You can see me, you can feel me, if you touch me you will die. What am I?
Every time I do this, I get arrested.
Tonight = the worst. bus zips by me w/o stopping. Just want to jump in bed w/ wine & dinner before 7am alarm for class. Vacation pls.
Omw to thank god for my blessings
Its so hard not to argue with people...needa work on that shit.
no good very bad week
so these finals tomorrow <<<<
Thanks Love. You too!
Lol RT “: That awkward moment when your hipster friend dies because living was too mainstream for them.”
we just sent you a DM.
another reason I shouldn't follow my children on twitter! Feel better!
site is down. Too many people with the
If you're close to Damon, I more than likely know you :]
Gift card has real value. Save it for l8r. Ccake is munch, munch, happy, then same as was b4“: . ha!
Thank you! :)
#GoKingsGo power play!
My sleep pattern is all jacked up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Decent point RT : aww please. We couldn't get much worse at this point. Think he can pitch?
You're on my email list, right? You will tomorrow. :)
RT : The only competition you will ever have is the competition between your disciplined and undisciplined mind.
im safe
Darn right, they do.
Sharks can smell blood from a mile away.
Inner meditation with self is a reservoir of opportunity to visualize and feel your way towards whatever it is you desire.
her. Ugh, it's none of my business but she's just taking it.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
#Illini Whitney Mercilus is coming strong for the NFL Draft. Do you think he’ll make it big?
thank you so much.
You had me worried for a second there RT : But........ I still meant what I said tho... #RealTalk LMAO...
will discuss the benefits of Indiana's proposed 3rd Grade Reading Initiative tomorrow morning at 9:20 am EST on
You have any friends into fell running here in twitterland that could share info?
Derby Day May 5th at Tavern Wash Park—Starting at 11am—$2 Pizza Slices and Pretzel Twists with LIVE DJ Spinning all Afternoon and Night!
I left Facebook for a reason. Please don't announce I'm on twitter. I think you get it. You don't need to respond.
Anyway let me correct my statement from earlier, a single mom is the DOMINANT caregiver of a child.
BREAKFAST TACOS FOREVER.
Really dign my new big screen tv....compliments of the Lawmans....
Thanks for retweeting. Have a great day
Bossy on twitter smh
Rogers just hit an incoming ball with a line drive. I've never seen this. Like Randy Johnson hitting that bird.
thanks Moose! :)
Great article on Cal ! Thanks !
Pace U come celebrate the Second Year Anniversary for the Pace Perk Cafe! I'll be spinning all night! Come say Hi 9:30-1:30
Oh , your voice makes my heart melt every time. You are wonderful.
sign up for it! It's cool
Dirty loops isn't my thing. It seems like almost all jazz musicians love it. I'm not sure where that leaves me. Oh well.
tomorrow is a whole new day
text could be repackaged in many ways because each chapter is 'hyper' compartmentalized @ word level? sentence? paragraph!
Bono is in Baltimore today. Who gets down to some U2 records?
I'm reminded of my brother, whose prostate cancer has effectively ended his sex life.
Today is the big day our Bikers will be at the finish line thus completing 100 miles from coast to coast! Go team Go!
that last post was will be sure to chat* with ya! Whoops!
Look I love , game's in OT but I gotta say this now..If WE con't givin up big leads late 3rd, 4th qtr=NoRing
Man that's what I've been saying! RT : Ugly chicks be winning on the low.
Not looking forward to waking up early tomorrow. But tomorrow includes a lunch date and an interview!
#milwaukee Let's take back the weekend, ace hardware style!
I keep some diet frozen dinners at work for when I just don’t have the time to prepare my usual fresh nutritious meal for lunch!
RT Dempster's been long overdue for an inning like this, just like Cubs were long overdue to score for him.
you met ??
of course LOL
RT : Repertory Opera Theater of Washington is seeking a Tenor to sing the role of Don Carlo in "Don Carlo" email:
8 more days til I move out of Cambridge :o
If Y'all Niggahs Don't Like My Tweets, Click That Unfollow Button Instead Of Bitching Like The Bitches Y'all Bitch Ass Niggas Are! Bitches!
We would like to invite you to our Fall Meetup. If you can DM us we'll send you all the info.
Re-Fill tonight!
we're headed to RAS tonight for the show up on Georgia Ave
Congrats to the cap on the clean sheet, but he pretty much just hung out all night cuz & the rest of the d dominated
When is your new mixtape coming out??
When people assume tweets are about them <<<
Good morning Tampa Bay!! Have a beautiful day everyone :)
u guys amazingly rock!!! And this week really rocked!
I love rain
lol im tryna get back in the hang of things lol
My first and last baby sunburn of the springtime has appeared in the shape of a razorback tank. 90 min of #patiotime in the Texas sunshine.
Dinner before #ypweek Gala with at Calderone (miss u )
they've apparently gotten some really useful help in identifying implements found at the site from enthusiasts around the world. [+]
they may also use the Gaelic sláinte..perhaps tonight we'll make it a double :)
Im glad i gave the name of first puppy Brutus!!
Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount. – Clare Booth Luce
mayweather says he's #1 all the time. No loss record. True. However if u want to keep that record quit or fight the best.
Love & Theft "Angel Eyes" #NowPlaying on
I know you can rock it!! Let me know how it goes.
you are almost a wifey!!! Yay!!!
you pick your top 3, and you could win a trip for the finale! I'd die! :)
That is great. All wedding portraits should have robots!
wah i wish i was home with you, especially tonight
Transparent but so hard to break through.
: we can find new and unique ways to advance online campaigns & take them to the next level.
Fingers crossed!
Shepard is the greatest galactic badass ever... he makes luke skywalker look like Adam lambert.....
who woulda thunk we'd end up in largo...at a checkers..
I have stomach problems :((
All the same! "I got the whole band set up in the basement and we are jamming." - Bach
Don't be hating! I'm not just a pretty face! :)
"Okay, it's Toon Town, not Toonton. You've been watching too much PBS." ~ Mitchell...Modern Family @ Disneyland = favorite thing ever on TV.
my favorite is short and sweet, the youtube video bell hooks "on rap music"
“: I will push down the garbage for days before I'll take it outside. #BecauseImAGuy”
Glad to be home. I missed by little girl and big guy.
Thx for sharing!
i kno that was still messesd up wat he said
smh im super young!!!
Unknown~ Antonym n. The opposite of the word youre trying to think of.
Thoughts before falling asleep: "I wonder how many ppl w/ You Only Live Once tattoos are pissed cuz now it means you're down for anal?"
"Aiemwitu" by Musiq Soulchild is still the most beautiful love song ever. It brings me to tears everytime. Happy tears. #memories:)
yeah I just need to get on my PC and go thru and weed out a bunch one day real quick. Just a matter of finding time.
Sabotage at
Valentine's Day gift ideas please. Feeling stressed about what to get my man.
Excited to be working with Dell for the upcoming #DellWorld Virtual Summit (Powered by #Social27).
Pretty sure I am the lamest social media user ever. Last tweet was 75 days ago. My, how things have changed. New job gone, back 2 basics.
I'm waiting for one that I think will turn out to be a 150 day one. Rejection farming is fun.
you should go with me!!
Also #FF to those who RT this week and thanks for mentions
yeah I fucking can't stand jack and all his bullshit and his ass lickers
Our Next SEO Seminar session is Feb 25th 10am-4pm at BlankSpaces, in Santa Monica CA . Save $50 by using discount code "Chad".
Hunt: how we left Bosnia was a mess. It's still politically frozen. Still have to identify by ethnic group.
Now you're just someone I used to know.
Will someone come and carry me home tonight?
I love this spring time weather but my allergies are kicking my ass lol :-/
If you're single, stop waving it around like a damn flag. Its annoying as hell
so neat. | the 1st 5K I ever did I felt like I was floating on air (I do, still) ;)
he could straddle a goat and ride off in to the sunset.
im now sucked in watched the 1st and 2nd movie yesterday. Can't wait to watch the wedding!
Fml i have 2 go 2 stupid skool and my sister freakin gets to go to santa cruz i hate when this happens my parents always put my sis over me
Sadly no. Been wanting to hit MuseumNext for yrs. Perhaps 2013. Mnwhl, I'll hashtag fr afar :) Let us know when you plan 2 visit!
Tweet me if you have a tumblr!
We each travel different paths but that does not mean we cannot walk together.
hope aldy is doing better!
": I'm a huge Colts fan but i'd say their done for. #SuckForLuck..." I'd say you're not alone.
What a great morning, we may not be where we want to be, but we are far from where we were.
please tell me you have seen tweets
your tweets are making me sad!
"DON'T YOU FUCKING LOOK AT ME!!!!!"
HA can you make me copies so I can sell at cons!!!!!
#houstonevents Joe Jonas with Jay Sean: House of Blues - Houston 1204 Caroline Street, Houston, Texas 77002 United States
If you are interested in taking over the Lyons Hotspots just email us at (You get the started blogspot, fanpage, twitter page)
why all that man :/
Starting to work on annual dinner honoring Eugene M. Grant in November. Back in building after being evacuated yesterday. All is well.
Ok, my head is back on track, just needed a good boost of Xtamina Energy Drink!
First, I laughed. Then I realized Lizz was jusy fuckin' with #uppers. At least, I hope she is.
FOLLOW BACK BRUH.. PUT ME IN YO CIRCLE :)
Yea so how u been
Might go home after lunch . . . #Debating ..
Let's Go
Took my first football type hit since the last time I played football, and it felt great! I do see why you a mouth guard and helmet though.
Remember tonight you can get shots of Jack and Absolut at Kilroy's Sports for only $4!
RT : SO great seeing everyone!
Seriously. But I hate all of those dumbass girls that obsess over cats.
Congrats! And welcome!!
goodnight Annie. Sleep with Angels.
Oops. Turns out the J league is a professional soccer league. They granted our entry because they were too polite to point that out.
The one thing in this world i hate more than my neighbors... My neighbors grandkids.
#thatawkwardmoment when you've talked to someone for so long, they get a gf/bf and they ignore you. Why ignore me if I'm just a friend.....?
2012 Annual Grant Panels to day at the Indiana Landmarks Center. Be sure to follow us at
Glad to be sharing my birthday with have a great day friend!!!
wea u work
Of course, now I am hoping Bangkok is not Atlantis before we arrive. Must. Get. Galoshes.
It's quitting time! Come down to Sabbatic and get 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5 to 9! Check out MKE's Best Happy Hour, and have a little fun.
Im tryna get high
Anything new after we spoke last week about your upcoming seminars??
/me crosses appendages for your inquiry to be successful
2 out of 3 fouls on Ray were bogus. Taking him out of the game. Go #Celtics!
There's no one awake to talk to....
lots o' shit. Why aren't you ever on IM anymore?
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. Think positive, be positive, and do positive t
There's no rain in the basement of Sweet Melissa's. Slip free mosh.
same here!
Guys, it's ok that I can't read bus maps cause I can just take a cab!
Being hot then suddenly being extremely cold <<<< #sickprobz <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
There's a twitter account for that: RT : Bryce Harper at bat
Oh Yeah! I'm a bitch lol
So you are my new favorite youtuber(: Your really funny(: <3
it's swagger south by my house but the original swagger is at 85th and wornall like I've told before!
Arabic Proverb~ To the pure all things are pure.
Two days until Next Big Nashville!
Just left a frou-frou DC happy hour to go to a 5 Guys Burger & fries. Best decision I made today.
the beard philosopher has spoken...
I woke up in a car, and traced away the fog so i could see the mississippi on her knee
Jodeci - Love yu for life.! My song
Any of my fellow bloggers going to c2e2?
I feel pretty good about this decision now! Thanks, friends.
Eh, I'll survive, I'm sure.
I like Charlize Therons character but idk just seems very blah-zay
I have to say I don't really like songs from a band group but this group is pretty good they have some real good songs
let's do it !! Thatd be sick!
Come on! That is ridiculous. We don't live at the North Pole...
Seriously ... I have to go to work tomorrow? I mean, come on!
Hope you have a good day, I know I am <U+E056>
Most courses give a common final exam - same across the building, some even across the District. 4 courses give state EOC exam.
Wanna be a tattoo model ??? Contact me on my Face Book or on my Twitter.
Hm gotta love a KFC meal touchdown #Bears RT : Q5 #FoodieChat Who makes the best Fried Chicken?
Which have you found more valuable: answering on LI or Quora. Agree that offline is highly valuable.
Sorry for the message tweet but my account for hack
i love you <U+2764>
Dammit, I missed that. Yours was much more concise than mine, too.
I think I got to work today fuck
QuestLove on Jimmy Fallon... I know old news, but first time actually watching. Still think it's crazy.. Love it.
P90X Day 2 Done. Sore. Muscles tired. Goal: In remaining 88 days, get into good enough shape to do P90X again, but all out from the start.
Congratulations Seniors! We'll miss you guys.
good job last night! it was amazing :)
loving this new romance! You two are so cute! Great episode!
Good Company! Thank you for sharing & the RTs!
": Absolutely Bro... It's Bout To Go Down This Summer.. Ready? Haha" yeazzir time 2 get more tatts. Lol
this shit better be blu-ray
ima listen to it
Bronx Zoo is the Beast ^_^
I don't have to justify myself to anyone. Perk of living alone. :-) (Though I also can't blame anyone else...)
..and so it begins... < congrats!
Ask u gotta be a (Gritt Monsta) that's "Gucci"
Goodnight everyone sweetdreamz follow also please & thank you!!
Cool. I was by Caesars Friday night. Just walking down the strip.
for VERY inspiring health info follow and look how gorgeous her skin is!!
I apologize! It was a must. But now we shall never speak of the horrid moment.
swagg I do!
what party? :) btw steve.. We must have a drink while ure here.
Wait I am #dreaming again ? Lol
Did we mention that there's no credit check for our discount card? We're just sayin'! www.diversityplatinum.com
i heart you too only i would do that
Oh that WOULD be awesome! But no...it isn't that. Soon come. Soon come! Not until the summertime. Lol
Then again, I did see Eric in concert..
Columbus Mayor Coleman is clearly fired up and
dont make cool music,MAKE INCREDIBLE ISH! im goin crazy behind thismuzikproduction n mixin ish,i'll b n a strait jacket when we reach da top
Congrats on the win! 1 more "W" to Indy!
GUYS.!!!!!!!!!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
hey Cory
probly going be my last day at bullard :/ hopely next week can be my last week!! going to miss my bullard high familyy!)):
hm where should we introduce our product first???
Who hates social media, but has to use it?
Anyone who uses Microsoft SkyDrive can get a free 25GB upgrade by logging in and following the prompt.
Smores is totally an acceptable breakfast substitute ;)
I am not my career, or my accomplishments or my possessions. I am a divine creation. I no longer let the outer world define my inner self.
I'm seeing it fine here.
lets go time to roll
I feel the same about Drew. Get Dwight in here, add DWill or Nash, and ship these boys outta here.
Deion, how will the Cowboys look next season? How have you been? It's been a while.
I'm actually allowed to be on #Facebook during work, I get to create our Facebook page!
LOL!!! RT : Guess I'll grab a Falcons sweatshirt from the airport in Atlanta....... Nah, I rather freeze.
Success without honor is an unseasoned dish; it will satisfy your hunger, but it won't taste good
quit being a whorebag at work and hangout
What a great time we had last night at Shanghai Jazz. Thank you for coming out.
I heard it on radio TODAY: "That which you do not know, you cannot use"
Y is Erry niggaz rapping story the same?
Sorry to have to reschedule today, can you do tomorrow or Friday?
Thanks, Patrick! You're the only thing I miss about the GMU shuttle! :)
This can't be real.
hey I like what you are all about =)
No school Monday ! Pretty nice
your diet sounds awesome, maybe incorporate more cardio like biking or running, and also try HIIT workouts!
love this place!! It changed my life when I took the amazing creative insight journey by !! :)
you and your medium will be dead I hope to help cause it.lol and no lol.
I'm taking a new leaf; I hope the rangers win tonight so my friends are happy.. I bet you assholes believed me for a second there
Sounds like a panel put together by the Republicans in the US House of Representatives. Both sad & ignorant!
So much for him being the #Cavs victory cigar
I probably did worse shit than Romney in high school.
Libs dismantle capitalism brick by brick, then blame it for consequences, or say they haven't gone far enough e.g. War on Poverty, education
Thanks Zoe :)
We will air Part 2 of the Donlin Creek Gold Mine story at 10
I will go point-by-point de-legitimizing your points on Saturday. Can't wait.
don't Sass me!
TONIGHT inside #barcentral...$3 whatever u want at the bar and any 2 bottles of ciroc, sky or goose for $75!!! Hit me up for bottle service!
Listening to Bored Games, wild nothing. And it's honestly depressing the crap outta me. SKIP.
Aww thanks! We'll checkout the comedy!
Only women that have been the love interests for the superheroes.
No problem, I am sure we'll hang out for more than 5 minutes one of these days. Not your fault!
Kinda hot in these rhinos....
Looks good to me. Putting together a GN order next week.
Whose goal was to over throw Ferdinand Marcos and his dictatorial regime and bring back democracy in the Philippines.
Thank you for #FF!
#Raising money for our is just what is doing to help our #Chief stay in charge.
Oh my banana bread looks and smells amazing:)
Went to Bobcats last night.Lost the game by 20 but won the fan count by 30.Good crowd.Hang w/ your cats/hornets. 3 players away
Tune in tomorrow, Saturday the 5th ONLY, for a special discount on U ST Jam tables!
But I'm excited about the potential for 40s and sunny. That's easy to pack for.
haha! Ok, will do. Can we reuse the phrase, too? :)
I am enjoying my days off from work i got football pactice torrow......
Watching #GreenyTheDance right now. Good luck Greenyespn!
I consider myself a megan(pronounced me-gan). I like potatoes, though. And corn. Peas, too.
And an american boy (estelle ft ) cover. Again, killing it.
I be that pretty mothafucka
#InMiddleSchool I dated the biggest sleaze that had ever walked thru RMS... I loved every minute of it.
thanks lady! appreciate it :)
Hi new friends. Thank you for your follows:
On my music flow, kooling to the max.....
listening to it right now love it :)
why dont you.
it is a show that's completely unpredictable, complex, & entertaining.
If one does not drive the 2005 #Chevy #Equinox in a 24 hour time frame, the battery drains.
do u want to? Lol :) I know u want madison! <3
In the streets
I think two & a hafe men should just close the casket & just get canceld
Love me some CN Blue remixing!!
TOO MANY TBH STATUSES ON FB.
S/O goes to my new follower & tweep Thanks for the follow. Appreciate It
“: I turned down the volcano lava cake. My mom doesn't understand skinny bitch season” Buahaha not the lava cake!!
Its alright if you smoke weed but why brag about it?
Interested to hear more!
To all of my ex gf's or females related to me in that nature, in a few years you will recognize me as "the 1 u let get away!"
that boy is ridiculous lol
I fucking hate being ignored.
Just concentrate on the edits - TwitterWorld will still be here when you're done ;) - & good luck, btw!
schweet! So excited!!!
not sure.. i gotta get off the computer too .
So frustrated w/ USAir. Flight to Phili - canceled. Flight to Charlotte - canceled. Flight to Syracuse - canceled. Reason: Maintenance.
I love the ones where the belly is exposed, just to make sure we *know* that girl is pregnant, not fat.
then they hang up and call back and ask why they are on hold that long
Tis the privilege of friendship to talk nonsense, and have her nonsense respected. - Charles Lamb
it is what it is <3
and you apparently know what there talking about when they say it and if you hate the singer or person so much theres is a unfollow button
Already too hot? RT : Complained. RT It's a record breaking 82 degrees. What did you do to celebrate the heat?
Thank you for your great contributions in womens basketball both over at Stanford and with the Minnesota Lynx.
my bad i had class but yeah i was in the study hall were are u now
sounds like an awsome.time if I a had cable or that Chanel :-(
Sometimes it's okay to play defense and NOT PINCH PAUL MARTIN.
its on CBS which is 12
I don't know you, but ignore all the idiots. It was fucked up what that girl did. Stay strong, it'll get better!
Never fails, happens every time....glass or two of wine at night = random, weird dreams. Can't even remember them, but I know it was random.
For those who haven't already, please follow me on my new twitter Will stop using this twitter in a few days
s/o depaull bball squad had it going crazy too
One of DM team's top three objectives are to get uptake by non-medievalists. Nothing particularly medieval about this tool.
Who are you? >_>
Looking through my book collection I found #OneFlewOverTheCuckoo'sNest. Time to dust it off & remind myself why I love it so much.
A pair of Tickets up for grabs! RT this post with #DealSaverSac for an entry into today's 4pm drawing!
story of my life
Oh no, bad for everybody! So sorry! Do you all have an actual diagnosis?
Wow he is missed! RT : The function of the artist is to make people like life better than they have before.
Awake since 5:30 this morning. All caught up on Draw Something. So I have that going for me today.
What does O stand for?
For students living in South Phoenix, South Mountain Community College will offer a great education with a short commute
RT : Cheer! RT : On the way to DrupalCamp Manila
Finally on the road to Nashville!
BUY ME FOOD PLEASE IM STARVING!! jimmy johns will do, you know what i like and my address
not LA but most likely the Riverside,OC area.tHIS IS GOING TO BE TOUGH.
Will do. Building my Xmen-like school of the Artistically Gifted...
Serious about the math part, though. Math wasn't offered beyond what you need to plant corn/raise hogs.
gee thanks a lot angel if u were not my neice i might be hurt by that!!!
hard to believe i've been back in the Chi for 3 months, today.
I need speaking engagements to educate execs re: awareness & compliance to reach a market worth $8T that includes 3B on earth! :)
where is that exactly?
Adimu just gave me hug, I'm waiting for to come to Ozio's :-)
what u mean r u hacked I'm concussed
Lmao at all you sorry ass knick fans. Pack yo bags and get the fuck outta Miami
Now playing w/ Brass Heaven "Umi Says"
they having anything in Chicago?
Starting off Thanksgiving with an early morning run--my favorite.
Hope your day turned out good for you! :-)
im ready to see the great gatsby !!
My friends brother: "I don't like 1D. Screw them" My friend: "yeah I'm working on that" #truestory haha oh my goodness.
I love when say " #BOOM_BOOM_POW ON #RGR W/
and are about to blow it up big at the El Rey tonight here in LA. Stoked doesn't even begin to describe it!
No comment......lmao
I don't even know who you are anymore.
Has there been a sitcom about baristas yet? Maybe it paralleled the rise of Starbucks. Or maybe now is the right time w/ "Intelli" craze.
YOU don't want to miss out on this awesome chance to win a prize !
oh i love you
you live next to a golf course too? I'm off the 17th hole.
We are already preparing ourselves & our booth for the Michigan MEA coming up next week. Hope to see everyone there!
Not feelin this Thursday and I even woke up early and did #p90x!
Wow Rosie is really dykish
lol same. And my dad is bothering the heck out of me. Reply to my vid lmbo.
But not as much as me RT RT : Ex-Patriot is a hero RT : Report: Cassel saves woman from burning home
still at the naca fair. waiting for counselor session.
I don't mind rolling the dice with Gerhart this week over Pettigrew, should get more touches
Looking forward to the James Weldon Johnson Medal Awards ceremony tonight at the Carter Center.
Ha. RT : It makes me nervous when my horoscope says "something wonderful and unexpected will arrive today."
i guess im just not important enough
I have always regarded myself as the pillar of my life.
So, put in 11 1/2 hours of work today and for what? No results, you gotta love the mind aspect of the Air Force... 131 days to go!!!
Keep thinking that! #RigSoHard RT : "Our guys are fouling too much" - Coach Vogel
Yea and ban teaching evolution too! “: Why not throw a constitutional ban on abortion into the debt ceiling hostage mix?”
Hey #SDSU did you know you can get an ice cold #mix1 at any Aztec Market?
damn i gotta check twitter more often. Thanks!!
I want to live like All Time Low <U+2764>
I thought he was a robot.
Be cool, stay strong.
my glases are broke great i cant see anything
3 garbage bags later, got cleaning done, but still can't find what I'm looking for
Storm respond with a long touchdown from Wasil to Amarri Jackson. Storm miss the extra point, still lead 41-17.
Jan 31,2012: Milwaukee Panthers Men's Basketball vs. Youngstown State Penguins Mens Basketball: 7:00pm: US Cellular Arena.
#mixed_message chocolate is good for you sugar is toxic
Grant Oliver September Promotions are just around the corner! Keep an eye out for the Go Fast Pass and check out gofastpass.com
Ladies text me or message me if you want to hangout or go see a movie.... 304-612-2469
I need massage
Gateway powers its way to first-round victory...WPIAL High School Baksetball
I am going to quote your advice on ditching low value work in an article on New Lawyer New Year's resolutions. Happy Holidays!
i meant to tag you in my last tweet guurlfraan but i spelled it wrong:(
dang almost a senior
So glad your new job turned out to be next door! More dates to come!
I have more alcohol than food in my fridge.
snow, hail, rain, and 75 degree sunshine today. Its only 2:15 pm. Might as well just call it a day and go home
#FavoriteClothingBrand Hugo Boss, Calvin Klein, Kenneth Cole Puma, Nike
songs, beats, hooks from Konvict/Cash Money artists, songwriters with major credits and of course the Multi-Platinum Producer!
Second Screening of Hands of God Sold Out.
I lovelovelove warm weather <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2600>
Ready for my show tomorrow @ branded saloon in brooklyn tomorrow. Hope y'all ready too.
hey. You're beautiful
RT : Very good food ! I look forward to coming back and trying the rest of the Oktoberfest menu!
Ellis County To Explore Replacing Jail
how are you??<3333333
In any event, if people smiled, good for them.
Thanks for the follow! Have you been to Long Island?
Bud Light Platinum is the new
Your my hero Russ!
do they say the name a lot? Soooooomoooo. I'm digging it.
Why is it that we have Hanukkah on our calendars, but no Kwanza or Eid??
Yes I am. Looking forward to it!
Tried restarting with the trackpad button held down? Opened Terminal and typed 'drutil eject'?
happy birthday love u for ever little bro
late night calls <3 >
you aren't following enough things then. You will find all of the news and gossip you could ever want on here.
hey. I may need your services. Give me a shout when you can so we can discuss
So...Gonna fight for pink slips? (sorry had to ask with you just getting that slick Bentley!)
and actually it was used in the 20s against Cy Williams originally..but I share your frustration
Can someone explain 4 straight hours of presenting without a break... is it purposeful that we don't speak to each other?
I'll keep my 99 Civic for several more years. Safe, efficient, reliable, yes; chick magnet, no. And that's fine by me.
#idol - Phillip made a risky choice that could pay off. Smooth, cool vibe. Very interesting.
Maggie's Vegan Bakery (next to Orale Kitchen) is open during Brite Winter fest. OMG..this is so amazing! Bands playin outside, fires blazin.
Well it certainly wasn't Al Sharpton who started "lynch mobs!" So what's the "right's" problem! Lynch O.J. but not Zimmerman?
not for nothin' but it is what it is.
Actually left the Dave, Shelly & Chainsaw studio with my dignity intact (mostly) this morning. Thanks Emily!
Looking at the starting 11 for both sides, Man City is far superior on paper... Gonna take a lot for Man U to get a point and retain title
Just saw someone wearing 2 collared shirts, the outer most collar being popped. Looked pretty stupid, but it was a good effort
For obvious reasons I want True Grit to win!
What are you guys doing today to honor Martin Luther King Jr Day?
Marry me, Bilge.
that was my explanation for not visiting you.
omg I know hurt it's beyond uncomfortable I hate it there just plain Evil
The more things you love, the more you are interested in, the more you enjoy
Tonight’s the night! Come see celebrated artist Joel Shapiro’s New Installation at Rice Gallery, opening tonight at 5. Shapiro speaks at 6.
Its clearly reached the point where your using the death/murder of Trayvon Martin to benefit your own agenda and career.
I hate that groggy feeling of waking up and going back to sleep.
I'm listening
so which ones do you buy? What sound level?
Thank God. Been praying for you. Glad a huge weight has been lifted. Hang in there.
We would also like to add anything covered in chocolate :) RT : M, sounds good!
Talking about my forever :) I choose you I can't shake you your in my future as far as I can see. It's true love. I miss you.
And tha Captain's Yacht has re-docked.
My COBRA is $400/month. Should I just be looking for my own health insurance?
What?!?!?! Turtlenecks are making a comeback with the ladies? Fantastic!
"ask not what your paper company can do for you, but what you can do for your paper company"
RT : Teri Carnicelli says to get on email lists and network to get your first job.
I wanna make you feel wanted
I said the same thing when Davis caught that ball. It was a flashback. TO is just a folklore in the NFL and Niners move on.
Pet allergies could be due to food allergies.
i kno yall c these tweets...... im not goin 2 sleep til i get responses
My brain won't let me sleep....
good day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Thx for the follow Jonathan!
fuck!!! We're blowing it!
Need a great deal on some used #Electronics or #Instruments? Come into STUFF!
tht wuz aele fun day!!! i still have the whole outfit!!
when you start a full blown cupcake fight at a confirmation party bahaha
This is stupid. I'm done. Goodnight.
No i wont lol
It's a #Marlins sweep!! I know was watching!
Best night ever :)
Beat the summer heat and work out in the AC! Treadmills, ellipticals and even the new Startrac E-spinner!
#funfact On May 24th, 1998, the greatest ever number of tap dancers gathered for a single routine at the Stuttgart City Square in Germany
many YT video commenters are lucky i am old and choose not to respond to many of the funky comments i get...woosah!!
#Patriots fans, who do you think will come into Foxborough next week? The #Texans or #Ravens?
Mane im tryna get out this crib but i cant stay off the toilet...its gone be a long day!!!
Every time I hear the name Goldman Sachs I cringe.
I ate chocolate ice cream for breakfast. ^-^
Biggest game of the season and I can't make it... This sucks... But
do u remember the place C?
Terriorists are not stupid, when they see that airports have all this security they will blow up something else, like a mall....
Watching the game and drinking beer, wine, etc.????
Happy 420 !!! What y'all gonna smoke today ?
I'm still working on Spring 2011 Cleaning.
Yes! Go Chiefs! RT : Ladies, are you looking forward to the upcoming NFL Season?
WAKE UP Houston, it's NOT ok for cops to repeatedly punch & kick someone. Something WRONG w juries here! Cop beating #ChadHolley goes free!
We have a new server ready - vpn-gh3 OpenVPN server in Munich, Germany. It's available in your customer area now.
Wahl® in Search of Best Facial Hair in the Country
TAMALES!!! Yum! One of my fundraiser...hey I HAVE to sample them to make sure they are right ;)
Oh, and I whip my stache back and forth ;p
Fact: over 500,000 high school seniors graduate every year...only 2% of them will play division 1,2 or 3.
you meant so hott right now
Me & my homeboys had this conversation yesterday while we were in party city; <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>
So does my mom! Haha
tomorrow is a new day for both of us ! Let's do it big :)
are u here at techraking? Would be good to connect
Guy Kawasaki is wonderful! Thanks to Keith Ferrazzi for reminding how Guy's Evangelist was so vital for the Mac community.
Great to say Hello to you on Saturday on the hike near the Hollywood sign. :)
RT : Everyone follow ! Their quotes are amazing!
Superbowl ads a solid C- so far
Vote for on Teenchoiceawards.com!!!!
Wish u were here! MRT : Tracking #CareerTL2012 for word of wisdom from the Career Thought Leaders conference in Baltimore
Love Peruvian Food!!
#ThankYouBTR for everything. Whether you know it or not, you help all of us in so many ways. You've come so far and we're so proud. We <3 u!
Shocked by how scared #Nuggets look out there. Ty Lawson took a huge step backwards today
BizTip: Make yourself available to your customers, try to answer feedback promptly and whenever possible with a personal touch
Watch Yer Mouth Open Mic TONIGHT! All Ages FREE. At Golfernoggins (San Mateo and Lomas) Sign ups at 8pm show starts at 8:30!
OMG seriously! I don't know how I am going make it. I also have a programming midterm! Can you hear the panic thru my tweet?
Just saw the flaming lips in bricktown
ha ha. You don't have to stop posting about it!
Excited to hear Lee Aase's presentation this morning about the evolution of SM in health care.
Jeff Green had an aortic aneurysm and is out for the season.
Hey Sweeties long time ayee(: ~ Maricarmen
Sounds great! Please do let me know.
ugh, my brother is such a bastard.. i want to fucking beat the shit out of him.
I. Fucking. Love. You.
Dude, I thought you were going to be at the e-records workshop yesterday & today. Not a single person yelled something awesome.
Does watching basketball while singing showtunes put me smack dab in the middle of the whole Kinsey thing?
thank u husband lol<U+E415>
I do hope they get a team though. You gotta watch awesome documentary!
Was interviewed by a 5-year-old today about what it was like to have a train go by the back of my house growing up. Was very cool.
Y am i steady gettn this sick
No problem. I'm using your 'Clouds of doom' as my desktop pic. Great photo. :)
John legend kill this best you ever had record!!!
I look like a rainbow.
I agree
... Ashee left me! D': I told her if she left meh, she gets no more Ian!
Fuck u pay me.
Boys will be boys.
-smiles and laughs- Haha, yep :)
aye call me tho
Three shows this week! 2nite @ Red Carpet, 4/21 @ One Eyed Jacks, 4/22 @ Harrigans South!! Hit up the FB page for more updates!
Yes we do! Let's coordinate a day. I'll text ya.
god , this dudes breath stinks ! looks like he jst ate an ASS for breakfast !
#quote "The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities." ~ Stephen Covey
#FF Our fascinating tour guides
we just had a 23.5 hour drive from Laredo to Chicago and your records were the only thing that kept us from gnawing limbs off.
Need a 3 night, all inclusive vacay at Club Med Sandpiper bay? What about a new Manduka mat? You can win both!
Bwahahaha! They look a hot ass mess after that fight...
& if you want these kinda dreams it's Californiacation.
Saying goodbye isn<U+FFFD>t the hard part, the hard part is that the memories just don<U+FFFD>t erase themselves.
Okay, let's try again week after next.
no problem! follow back if you can. #
that must have taken you all day haha; it's awesome though :)
Yes. I use premium themes from Elegant Themes.
lol. My teams looking good in this moment!
so nice outside! first run around the loop with the xc team and a hard gym workout
The Saints and Packers won't be leading the league in defense.
My nigga Ju is a fool tonight wild but he called out the play before we got up in here so salute
ok, I'm supposed to head up there with my boy, hopefully I'll get to see you :)
Life is a lesson you learn it when your thru
RT : Don't forget to join us for our Fun Run this Sunday at 8am and Tuesday at 6pm!
Any news on the #newarchivistsRT?
He will deliver highest ratings on election day and then hopefully you will give up Twitter!
but we miss you :(
Why did I wake up so damn early today?!
probably would involve Kevin Martin and/or Scola
thanks for the shoutout!
no not at all
Don't forget to visit the Prize Center at our virtual summit on ebooks for info on how to win an iPad today at the show!
No offensive shooting flames present nor extinguishers needed or compromised in tonights #knicks game! #they'regoinghome #they'regoing home
At Gardensk8 ;D
Super excited for #Community!
I need a vacation
what's that saying about when you keep doing the same thing and expecting different results?
I was wondering where you were.
RT : #1: I already know I'm going to Hell. So, at this point it's go big or go home.
Yay first day at school was so good , sykeeeeee!
At Wendy's with my big bro's! This is to funny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Nothing says breakfast like this gin & tonic and annoying a grumpy
Exercise to enhance your quality of life, rather than to achieve an arbitrary goal.
good job 2 day
gurl, you got this! #stayclassy tell them you want $20 an hour ;) ahahaha
there r so many people that look up to you :) Im one of them! U have gone a long way. God had done amazing things in ur life! Keep it up!
thought idk why you'd want to follow an asshole. Especially after beans or broccoli.
I like a certain kind of eyebrows on men. It's not weird at all.
That's good! :)
Also 20 great ways to get unstuck and thinking differently in general. Thanks for the post!
an its gone be 81 shit shit people gone let the weather go to they head
sounds perfect! I'll be there. Do you still have that extra ticket?
As Walt Whitman once said about an outfit similar to mine, "My blues don't match? My blues don't match! I am large. I contain multi-blues."
Great job on YouNow. Any chance I could get a follow back?.(:
“: We all made the team!!!!! #MIOBI”<---yay! It had an amazing ending! Will miss so much!
we got a pic of our dead ass lawn too:)
by the way, I'm going to buy your book. I'm not even going to try and illegally download it.
awh, thank you so much! it means a lot. :)
Ya first well have to stop and get your 10 dollars though for watching dogs for a whole week
The 'suscribe' button on FB is the best thing to happen to creepers since myspace and the aol chatroom
If I took you home, it'd be a home run.
Do you think "T-Mac" Tonacus McLain is watching fellow Channel One alum, Maria Menounos' match at mania?
You sir are a douche....and your socks are two different colors. They clash with your bandana.
-- HAHA nothing says sex like some neon reflectors.
Good morning twitter
I wanna get my belly button pierced.
Positive thinking will let you do everything better than negative thinking will.
Great framing and moderation, thanks Drew!
hahaha that's funny man
“: A recent survey revealed that 25% of Swedish women had had sex with more than 50 men.” hahaha vad tror du?
Yes, pls! Would esp love to hear about your paper, Ward's, May's, Downie's. Looks like an amazing conference! Enjoy!
they're definitely mine! lol Interesting post for sure.
God morning, New York City! If you had a few hours to play in the city - what would you do?
So cool to be watching #WhiteRoomChallenge & seeing kick some ass! Congrats my dear! #cheers! Cc:
Nice, good job!
RT : Why hasn't anyone monetized clouds yet? So many people take pics from airplane window. Seems like gold mine.
I'm free for lunch
Hugh Jackman, aka Wolverine in the X-Men series, turns 48 today.
Who knew this debate would be so hilarious?
Illinois. Still. This is how Odysseyus must have felt. Never. Getting. Home. (cc: )
I'm too tired too sleep!!!
yes; it was a custom order, delivered today; you can order one from the next batch, though :)
Sheldon's correct, if you don't want something taken back you have to say "no backsies."
There is no such thing as a "Fake Friend" Because if they're being fake, then they aren't a friend.
How many runners?
boi you know when you get back to the states we gotta pop a couple of bottles.
: ha! and 2 yrs + 5 days ago, i changed my name & got Fakebook-married precisely to "speak noise to power."
Verona town clerk: Some roads down to 1 lane due to high snow drifts and stranded cars. 5 vehicles in ditch this AM on Hwy M
Twitter = Magic
But I like sharing my thoughts with you all! I feel like you guys can relate to what I'm saying. Am I right?:)
same here! Same here.
1st base side vs. Royals at Camden Yards, yep! Dove over empty seats and crushed my buddy's beer to get it.
we've been together trying to write music for probably over a month now and we're working on band accts and recording and stuff
I have a funny feeling about today :/
Food Allergy Awareness starts with all of us. You can and will make a difference. Just talk about it!
Happy Birthdayy! :D
Happy Friday & Happy Fall! Any big plans for the weekend?
The one morning I leave early to go to work, there's traffic jam that makes me late. #Douchebag Traffic
Q: Hottest holiday fashion trend? Enter to win our Holiday Wardrobe Giveaway here...
just learned why the sky is blue
Oh, the Indian casino mob beat up a detective and left him for dead in the woods? Yeah, let's not look into that at all.
she's got 5. They've been great. But lots of missing assignments and tests. We'll get it all done. :)
Leave it to Carlos Gomez to deny #braun chance...
that was suppowed to say drive thru but i'm sure you know what i meant!! haha
can I come!??
12 is considered a magical number, with appearances in legend since antiquity.
There's a high chance of releasing a new song today with a FREE download
ppl are mean :)
What’s best at brunch?
Well they all are.
I need a dollar dollar, dollar that's what I need
Finished my first ! Officially a #RunnerofSteel!
whew I can't even...
Firehook offers a full range of wholesale breads, such as sandwich loaves, rolls and non-sourdough breads. Call (703) 519-8020 for info!!
saw your weekend tweet, hope the puppy is doing better!
and fluffy! Doesn't Scotland have an indigenous forest cat too? Thought I saw one on a bottle of Clynelish...
Kenny Baron & Bobby Hutcherson breaking my heart with the beauty of In My Own Sweet Way
just worked her butt off on the treadmill for a good 40 minutes. Whoo!
omg #41KPSANDERETTES I'M SO PROUD
OH at the air show last weekend: "yeah, but she was chesty too..."
Ewwww. I was hoping for a pic of a glass of wine.
Having a stupid q&a about who they would vote to reelect. Henderson votes for everyone, mcDuffe no one, others a couple.
The first 12 to order the Mystery Beer @ 5:30 gets a free glass.
Its fuckin freezing outside
The "Who let the Dogs" out piece at the White House Correspondence dinner is a killer! So say bar patrons at the Ritz Carlton-west end.
Were at the gym trying to burn some butter.
Some boy already done stole my heart. Good luck trying to get it back<3
RT : Pets in workplace creates more creative environment, lowers absenteeism, can lead to employees who work longer hours.
thanks Skin, Mavs front office is waiting...we'll be there to greet upon arrival. Keep us posted.
I know what ya mean I'll be there if I don't start back on my designs been lazy!
I will see yall in the am at the #Dreamdrive!!
hahahaha oh balls. But no seriously guys, I wanna get fucked up..
Why does my entire endocrine system feel like its going to commit suicide?
My night has become a sunny dawn because of you. Ibn Abbad
“: doesn't matter you're rocking that ref uniform like a #boss” if anybody can, it's this guy
word claiming they messed with basketball players.
All those analysts on TNT saying the Lakers in 6
Might as well stay within walking distance from home. Heading to Axels for a bit
thx dellabella! It was pie, and it was fabulous (blackberry & blueberry)
nothing like a headache/hellish day to start the week FUCK
!! RT : Hotel Chantelle is starting up a Saturday and Sunday brunch this weekend. Live music and DJs late night, err, afternoon.
in Christ, my identity can never be shaken! that is the best solid ground.
I didn't wanna end up like him
Judy was out for a run & just hanging out earlier. Having lunch with her now & we'll check out the town this afternoon.
Lol thats to funny and I will post in a little bit on there and on soompi
Media agrees a powerful Ron Paul and Newt Gingrich made best showing in debate last night.
That's why you pinch hit for Wandy Rodriguez.
come listen to some hip house at pink elephant with me tonight.
I like the phrase, "am i right, or am i right?"
CD/DVD Duplication, Posters, T-shirts, Postcards, Flyers, Business Cars, Banners, Magnets, Brochures!!!! MusicalStop.com!!!!!!
I wish - #12NTC wasn't in the cards this year. Hope we overlap at another #nptech event soon. Enjoy the conference!
RT : tomorrow with six startup teams to talk communication strategy & the pitch
oh by the way, any good new tunes or dubstep you highly recommend?
Nap time. Watching this play.
yep. Zucca pizza. U got time. I'll be here till 3:30am!
Every tear-soaked whiskey memory blown away.
french breed! -lisa
Yup. She should have stayed innocent
Wearing a shirt at a #Johnnie Walker event. Party foul? CC:
oh, and it was a good turn out everyone enjoyed theirselves and it seemed like everyone was drunk cause I know I was lol
aint it something!!!
So Nicki has her twitter back??? Lol
Yeah, I'm blocking her. She's not getting the time of day lol
#theLordsblessings when i'm wrong, prideful, and stupid. thank God.
Hello, world! Almost made it through a year of the without Twitter, but with the upcoming Prism launch, I couldn't resist.
Got a manicure today...didn't seem to help much.
Thank you! Your support means a lot to us here. We believe!
push crew on the way! We leave asap! Chicago bound!
I'm starting to like this guy RT : Bruce Irvin gets $9.34M fully guaranteed over 4 yrs, w/over $5M signing bonus.
I wish I could figure out how to follow someone on mobile Twitter
who's driving??
yeah that seems like a good size. Will peruse Amazon tonight. Glad I saw your tweet!!
RT “: I guess there really are no real men left”| Its some out there.....
#Librarians, #libraryschool- give a follow to for info re this summer's #SLAChicago conference! (Plus, I'm helping w/ tweets) ;)
#GeechiShit RT : i dream about foreign cars with names that i don't exactly know how to pronounce.....
RT HURRY - Free Monster cleaner & cloth for the first 10 people to show up at Baillio's. Tell them I sent you.
my boy getting his new wheels an tires !!
LOL somebody please tell us what y'all were cracking up about at the beginning of the show.
Baaby just left
I'm renaming my toilet to "government think tank"
Listening to author Richard Rodriguez speak at college of San Mateo. Brilliant and inspiring.
You will never antagonize me! haha
don't i get excused from hw since it's my birthday? ;p ahahahah
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. ~Winston Churchill
I'm falling in love.... wit my workout bar :)
Sounds delicious RT: You should try ourVince Vega. It's the Lady Gaga of our drinks...shockingly enjoyable.
Our new single, Miss Me Now, will be available on iTunes on January 3rd. Please RT!
By the way - did we mention that Tim Thomas went to UVM - a publicly funded school to play hockey?
Oh dear, Panera Bread left a metal screw in my Chicken Tortilla Soup last night. Thought my tooth had fallen out!
#Artist MAke sure you Tag, and EMBED your Info in your MP3's!
it is the worst. Someone only joined the team as a joke and made fun of the team while on it.
Revival of Judaism on Iberian Pennisula defies logic but is an exciting reality - Rabbi Athias -Robles
I'm finally at the point where I need a break from trilogies and series. May be asking for recs soon!
living the dream, aren't you!
...and James Franklin.
We'll let the MFX Director know, he'll love 2 hear that RT : If I ever make it to LA I have 2 meet ur make up ppl...
This Uncle Tom Republican Herman Cain Says if you are out of a Job or Not Rich Blame yourself so I say to This Punkass Loser F U, H.Cain!
Today is the day for happiness
Omg That's My Dream!(:
for some reason, specifically today, i miss that internship ruled.
Hahaha - thanks - I'll show you a few moves with a spread sheet.
you always speak the truth. You help me with stuff I didn't even know I needed help with.
glad they are keeping you busy... You need some lens cleaner for your phone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Id rather be a crying little pussy then some faggy goth kid XD
It's kind of fun to do the impossible. ~ Walt Disney
Hi Matt! Just wanted to say hi and happy new year! Let's grab a drink soon!
I believe this bravery calls for a celebration! I hereby decree a stroll down mass ave hunting for chocolate & wine for you! Xo
My financial future is controlled by Muahhh<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>& reason you don't have anything now you is need to grind more!!!
Ugh! One of our producers hacked my twitter!
Guy behind me: " they run this team like Wal mart"
Going to get a haircut!! (:
not yet pimp but I.LL check u and get back
i heard you good w/ them soft lips ;)
Fuck not having a car that works <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
I just finished Steve Cash's The Meq.
ORALE! FELiZ CiNCO DE MAYO M.O.J.O. FANS!!! HOPE EVERYONE HAS A DRUNKEN GOOD TiME! STAY SAFE AND BLESS UP!!!
Mangia Fresca is simply the Best Better then the Rest!!!
RMFT! Yess : All i can think about is my bed and cuddling with my pillow pet
It is explicit headlines like this that compel me to not watch your newscast. It appears I can't follow your twitter stream either.
LIQUID. Liquid, liquid, Liquid... :)
Really not in the mood for work to tonight!!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
What's with people attacking my pursuit of happiness today?
I love the smell of breakfast in the morning :]
We're playing at 11pm TONIGHT at 1808 E 12th w/ Victory and Associates and Trophy Wives. Last minute SXSW show.
Great first half spurs about to blow this lead wide open second half
No way! Already?? Time flies. One of my best celebrity sightings ever was Tony, on the Upper West Side of all places.
Lou Sanz from Australia means it when she titles her show Not Suitable For Children!
MT “: Btw, starting a new course on data analysis & visualization next spring." Would definitely be interested in that
Thanks 4 the
always wonderful good luck!
I slide for my niggas dawgggg
bwahahaha! Girls, girls, girls, girls in Jay-Z voice...that's what they do!
That's it. I want a summer fling.
Thanks for RTing my new blog post!
Big goal is to build a community of creators
hawt RT : On such a nice day, I am reminded that I am too sexy for my shirt. Going to take the Harley for a ride.
hahaha oh amanda...
Aye my man que funny as shit
I'm not a huge Tim Burton fan. But I would love for him to make a live action Peter Pan.
Painful! Breaking: Source tells that #Colts have terminated contracts of Gary Brackett, Dallas Clark, Joseph Addai &Melvin Bullitt
Hello <3 I haven't get your phone call yet :-( for the questions for business
#Cincinnati is a perfect fit for Vontaze Burfict. Plenty of teammates to help him with legal advice.
oh my gosh!! That's terrible!!
HAHA. That's pathetic, you don't even know me. You must not be happy with your sad little life. IDGAF what you have to say
I love the smell of tanning lotion. It's reminds me of Summer. :)
I love dogs! My last pup was a black lab named "Kevin"
It's true, I'm obsessed with and her awesome podcast "Making It with Riki Lindhome"
anyone know what Alex cole's season high for stolen bases?
Just finished getting ready... to go where you ask? Nowhere in particular just got really bored!
drop off dorm keys at the Kress Inn
Good morning! This is the first Monday I've worked since 2009. I think it's gonna be a good one. -sw
yeah he seems tight as hell! Next time im gonna stop
If we have the exact same car, please try not to park next to me. Totally confused me for a half second.
Disney Movies and Arcade games.
It's an kind of day
Rockdale County will abolish free speech Thursday @ 7pm. Only 501-3(c) orgs qualify for event permits for tea parties. SPEAK UP!
oh. whats up?
your good to go !!!
idk I'm confusedd:O itgought it was vocab so I didn't bring my spelling sheet
What a beautiful wkd for that!
Can't find any words. Carl was one of the friendliest guys around & did such fantastic work.My thoughts & prayers are with he and his family
I see what you did there >:D
the twit validation capcha maker doesn't work on my machine - just keeps spinning no image, U may want to check it.
Yeh. touch = devil ! & I'm skeptical of slides durability but the android app marketplace is pretty extensive.
I just finished a 2.00 mi run with a time of 17:21 with Nike+ GPS.
Is it Saturday yet?
Talking about use of StratML by state government
Break her heart and I’ll break your face!
Enjoyed every minute of this day off
When I met you I was afraid to kiss you. When I kissed you I was afraid to love you. Whaen I loved you I was afraid to lose you
LOL!! Yes. Perfect..
THIS THURSDAY @ PEJUS LOUNGE LADIES FREE ALL NIGHT!! HAPPY HOUR 6P-8P THEN AFTER WORK PARTY 8p-11p w/me
it looked like Gardner just gave up so they could not see lee again.
Hey , are you going to Miami in June for Morning Show Boot Camp?
You put the "mo sex" in homosexual!
Awesome blog! I want to play too! RT My trail race over the weekend ignited my imagination... Andirunslikeagirl.blogspot.com
Just found the perfect pair of mint green skinny jeans. Then I realized they are for girls. Little girls.
A tiny bit.
Thanks, too, for the RT. Have a great day!
Rockin !!! thank's reverb , great jams i'm posting . ---- thanks for all the contacts ! you rock !
Brewers should have a Shyam Das bobblehead day... plenty of time to schedule a 6th bobblehead, or just lose the racing sausage, huh?
stop reading twitter SEO tips and just HIRE AN EXPERT TO DO IT FOR YOU, while u handle your new customers
totally agree - I'm going to work on an "About" page right now! :D
what's it like to walk through amber waves of grain
dang!!! that looks good where is this place
Atlanta. Its good to finally play a show in your city.
Try the veggie roll. We love the flavor of fish and shrimp, but the addition of vegetables will help make your meal more well rounded.
I know it's so good!
oh god lol. but i HATE its the same night as graduation -______-
happens. Still isnt fun. I'll get through..like always. Gnome freedom!! Release them into the wild. ;-)
I don't want to be a hater, but 's whining now exceeds his talent and performances. See ya!
Advertising builds awareness, but brands are built through customer experience
i was going out with him and he started telling me stuff and i believed him but he was cheating
So much for "taking care of our own."
Stupidly chose to take train over bus to Silver Spring today. Only bonus was stop by farmers market for a cheddar biscuit.
Leadoff Triple. Nice
New Purplespace CD coming in January 2012!!!! Stay Tuned!!! <3
Nice! We wish the Cee'd would hurry up and come to the U.S.! Mind if we link your review on our Facebook page?
Hell Volunteers! Orientation is getting closer & closer! Don't forget to come on July 27th! :)
Being wifed up during school, and basketball season is hard. I give up.
Must stop nibbling on the raw cacao nibs....after one more nibble.
Good stuff!
- The dictionary is a playground full of delight.
thanks for the. Follow
Wow! Josh Hamilton was preaching some good stuff on today...really enjoyed listening to him talk about his faith
. I am going to ask for a rehearsal skirt to go with the hat.
Thx! Yeah, wanna focus on comedy, so I need to up my game!
Social Security 2033 date isn’t the end. SS will still pay 75% of benefits w/ no changes. We can fix the shortfall w/o cuts.
thanks I just did it! and your welcome ;)
I'm bout ready to slap me like five people.... I swear
#potassium is great for muscle cramps & increased energy! Other than #bananas what are some other good sources of this mineral?
Going out
This month marks our 6 Year Anniversary- Just wanted to say thanks to those who have made it memorable. Looking forward to the next 6.
thank you, lovebug! It's a whole new world hahah
Love that
Good morning to you too! Have a magnificent day!
it's in the making homie just show them it's possible!
no coffee for the ride to school today
Always find it funny when an ugly bitch thinks she's the shit..haha suck it!!!!
Why does it smell like ocean?
Omfg the man-woman from church is here.
It's so weird to see cry. Cause she never does it. Like ever. Ever. Never. Hahah.
“: finally get to watch some football tonight. #excited” hell yeah man
I CAN'T DO BUSINESS WITH RAPPERS FAKE GANGSTER WITH NO REAL STRIPES IN THE STREETS TRUST ME MY MAN KNOWS WHO YOU ARE
It's b/c they realize TT's value, tho they hurt themselves the way they show it. Realize TT is asset
UK regulator investigating Sky News email hacking
nope it was on may 5th
#cmls2011 Loved your creations!
i'm already set bob , quit being a bitch !
He's not eating anything yet! #ManvsFood Adam Richman prepping for grand marshal duties
This section of my paper on Marcel Griaule would be much thinner without Merci, collègues!
They worked a lot on the Grease song too...
Ever gonna perform in Hawaii? I know from visitin that beautiful place, ur Hawaiian fans wants to see u badily.
We had a great table read yesterday for "I am Gabriel" (the movie). I'm so excited about working on this project!
I agree! Totally hot!! Looking good :)
Juror #6 is a simpleton
The Cards have to play with some heart if they want to win today. There is always some luck too
[5 - 0] The Houston Astros scored against the Milwaukee Brewers in the top of the 4th inning. Houston Astros 5, Milwaukee Brewers 0
i didn't see your text until this morning. dm/im me when you have a moment?
yeah probably!!!! Anyway I'm gonna go to sleep talk to u again soon!!!! Night be safe!!
haha awe green so goes with Brown tho so you're good! :D
Summer Sale at www.justmeboutique.com you will receive 20% off your purchase.
Jammin to to his world-wide song Ai se eu ti pego.
me either but its okay im fine
so this banged up o-line gets to play against Detroit & Chicago's d-line the next two weeks.
No Homework = a good Sunday
Go to the problem, talk to the people who will say no. -
If you're not into Polar Bear Club's first record, I dunno what to tell you.
i dont LOVE one direction
Show starts in 1 hour! P.S. The Grove also has AWESOME food... =)
Get the latest event info. via tweets by following the 'Aventura Arts and Cultural Center'
well, it looks like no hungry academy for me. this year, anyway...
Diff between people who do meth and don't is obvious
Okay. So night people. <3 i think i'm being awkward.. :3
Straitening my hair , and getting ready to go off to Ruby's .
Gonna run #FF for a while. So far, so good with #FF 10.
Practice Greenhealth Celebrates Ten Years of Environmental Excellence Awards
so suppously im married twice on fb ?
any more old video questions for me
at $3/sq ft
: I mention it now cuz it'll sell out I imagine. Also meeting w/some peeps I've been doing midnight nerd movies w/for years!
you look very straight.
RT : Support Sojourner House and shop too! This sat at 10K Villages in Squirrel Hill fm 4-6 pm.
idk a charlie , his names jack name.
We could start our own commune!
Dane County has been selected to host the 2015 WI Farm Technology Days
I hope everyone at my school is too stressed or busy to register for fall classes so I can get into all the classes I want next semester.
ah yes, I'm a little slow. There was also from what i could tell a Prolife display in the parade. Irish culture alright.
Fanny Pak did good stfu and stop hating...
Fantastic! Also, jealous. :) FMS validated.
I have a profile on now casting and actors access. <U+E057>
You can't expect either - just roll with whatever comes.
ohh. Okay(: well red looks good on you!(: haha(:
YUM! Love okonomiyaki... minus mayo.
Every Sinner has a future, every Saint has a past.
OK #Patriots - time to bring the Giants down to size - and send Manning crashing in the house his bro' built!
tv ads say it's getting better but my service became awful the last two weeks, any calls i make/get from home are dropped!! =(
never trust sugar sugar sugar
BELIEBERS! #BanBeliebers will not over power are awesomeness they are just jealous. is inspirational<3 and is always there
have they mentioned lumbar puncture? Not gonna lie it sucks but neuro said its pretty spot on way to dx
Our show at the Satellite is coming up quick!! RSVP on our Facebook fan page for this free show Sunday!!!
Back to reality tomorrow
isn't a glitter eyeliner every night?
: follow back please:) nice pic btw
good how are you!?
gonna go gawk at today. sure to beat this marriott crap.
We appreciate your RTs:
paradise drops june 5th ......
I don't use my twitter i dont like when people follow if you looking for young mantra catch his foot on the throttle wit a model on a bottle
Congrats! Had to head out so sending you a twitter hug. Would that be a twug??
Day almost ruined by unexpected medical bills (nothing crazy). Day saved by the Health Savings Account I almost forgot about. Phew.
Cowboys Open camp Wednesday. Hell Yeah!!!!!!!!
not bad Fitzpatrick
“: Really missing and !!! #sadtweet”>>> awww miss YOU:) come see me
hey, where's did he chicken out!?
Working in basement office all day, catching up on Big Love. Sore shoulders & swollen glands tip me off a fibro flare's on the way. Dang.
5-4 Tigers. The Sux hit a two run homer. Bottom of the 5th.
Car door busted.
Thanks for tuning in! You guys rock!!!
Few plants are more graceful or versatile in contour than the fern. (1850)
Hope everyone is having a great Sunday! What a great day of Sunday Football! & both win - everyone is happy!
I hope you have a good trip!
I'm voting for Geno... ya know... for than 20 times... less than 200 times..
ok cool! I think I'll be in Miami Beach next Thursday if you want to get together for coffee or something!
Who has the nerve to judge you??
lol yeah they gettin picky now! They had to take 3 pics of my neck and send it to the commander
RT if you like to RT things.
Vent With Us. is on right after 's #Preds post-game. Also joins us, taking calls.
I LOVE your blog and will be following it! I'm making a documentary about sensory perception: www.spectrumthefilm.com.
Hi - pls connect with
Editing the sheet music for "Snowstorm!" So exciting! :)
oh gee is that code for something (;
it was a good time hanging out with you
Sunday football....who are YOU rooting for?
What not to watch while on : Top Chef #JustDesserts. Seriously considering eating the remote. But on Day 3, I'm down 1.5 lbs.
I'm excited to get a tattoo that's going to have some color!!
Even if conservative politics could be proven to be correct, I'd have to remain a left-winger for the music (and the comedy).
We're cool, but not THAT cool!
Faculty Members share your thoughts! Participate in the AAMC Faculty Forward Engagement Survey - look for survey invitations week of 10/16!
"There is one constant that is true of all Generations" -- that Morgan Freeman must introduce important stuff.
OMG i love draw something!!! Add mee amandac61399(:
Obama tryna just chill Nshit but niggas won't let that man be great.
Shane Mosely is the ultimate pro!!! Clearly outmatched..he still is competing..
Everything i like is either: illegal, immoral, fattening, addictive, expensive, or impossible.
Why are we reviving 90's velvet platforms like there is anything at all okay about them?
Social is on the 31st!!!
Yall ready for the 2012 Spring/Summer line on Night Owl jams yet?
Calling nizooooww! RT : needs to call me this morning when his ass wakes up!
Adam Levine marry me
Thanks - snapped it!
“: MobileMe to 'Castle' (iCloud?)". Castle in the sky. #iCloud Music to my ears...Hm?
ceo/founder of is speaking now at Global Social Enterprise! #lawac #socent follow us tonight!
maybe todays a beach day...... do u agree?
Excited for tomorrow night but idk if I'm ready for it haha! It's gonna be crazy!
#Yankees have a lead! OMG! ::faints::
I'm not a Facebook status though, you dont have to like me.
": What do you expect from Tony Romo this year?">>Rough start, great middle, tabloids, then bad finish. 9-7
take a baby goat, you know "kids!" It is the USDA afterall!
Definitely have a little bit of D&D geek inside me. Pumped for #GameOfThrones Season 2 this Sunday night.
thx! We need to figure out how we can use twitter with class!
#Moore, Spirit House. A different Christopher Moore serendipitously discovered writing earnest, not bad Thai ex-pat detective crime fiction
Tonight treehouse!! Rawkadeus, one more sun and the domes. 10P, $5, 21+. Let's party!
Feel free to visit our blog too, We look forward to viewing your artwork-www.theadamouski.blogspot.com
#AlejandroVideo - lets get a move on monsters!
can I get a RT, I'm gettin drunk.
I called u girl
For those families and professionals that were affected by the sudden closure of Wellspring: Our hearts go out to you today!
Hoping to see you/ on Friday at Billy Bob's.
Disappointing performance. That's all you can say. Not a great deal of confidence heading into the tournament
That awkward moment when you stretch & your inner pornstar moan comes out.
We hope we're creating a
Corey Hart came to join and sing for us at Mickey Roo's! So cool! :)
Sound familiar? RT "... throwing the ball and we had a good visit. This is another important step in the process."
Love the fans. We got something to prove
I'm taking moments to regroup spiritually, due 2 past/recent sad events that have transpired. I'm still here, new music in about 2 wks.
Hey I'm joking
Date night with The perfect ending to a perfectly shitty day.
This dude singing the star spangled banner >.<..<<<<<<<
You were super sassy on that runway! Thank you so much for signing my book!
#lxchat TONIGHT! Lighting design in found/nontraditional/unique spaces.6pmPDT/9pmEDT. #lxstudio/
In #boston and its a pretty nice day!
#fuckyes Sharon Needles one RuPaul's drag race!!!!
Today's greatest invention ever? Dunking Donuts drive-thru. Coffee and donut and still dry.
blah blah
good luck with the blog. The weekend pics look great. Looking forward to seeing more.
I wish #teenwolf wasn't over:(
People who reject there family till it's to late<<
ivory ridge .. Nice
Kinda sad & pathetic if u believe Zardaris possess what u call pol vision. Keep doing the bidding 4 these imposters;)
Happy New Year from The Gathering! We resume our regular meal services today.
I am so tired of excessive government regulation. Why can't the government stay in the bedroom where it belongs?
walking The Weeknd down city streets.
Too cold out today to not get some pork fat in the diet! Double Zombie cheeseburger add bacon and a basket of bacon ,blue fries is in order
Smells like humans
vodka and laundry... what could go wrong?
Holy HELL I'm in the wrong place.
Alton won again. Still alive for third!
was thinking out loud about this earlier. Think the term betrays assumption that players should always define the situation.
Why is it that we don't always recognize the moment love begins, but we always recognize the moment it ends?
We live and in effect
Roller derby countdown sequence initiating in five...four...three...two...
oh ye of little faith.
that's my girl! Great #Oscars coverage baby!
You never know when it is your time to go. You can be here one day and gone the next, so cherish every day!
They should warn people on the brochure for the "City of Angels" that most of those "angels" speak spanish.
(lol) RT : It's so hot...winters in Wisconsin are starting to sound good again
The sun has a lot of vitamin d in it.
Looking forward to an amazing event next week at #BizDen2012 Summit in New York CIty! Yeah! :)
We would love to work with you, are you interested in talking about your blog?
I'm doing quite fabulous, thanks. :-) I'm playing 3 places this month so I'm excited
Bitches be takin the pole swearing their legs closed /the stories told are like Swiss cheese they fulla holes
Get 'em!!!RT : haha! I know thats right! I want that,but first I'm going 2 keep doing this cardio to get the
It's like when I say "herbs." "do you mean "erbs?" "No, there's an 'H' in it."
I actually have a youtube channel and it's more just about information but we could do workouts for sure
I thought I was starting this day off on a good note...but I guess not!
In golf, the costs are high from the beginning. Other sports costs go up as kids get more competitive. Big barrier to entry.
Holiday Pick-Up Line: If you jingle my bells I can promise you a white Christmas.
Selah just squeezed my neck lovingly & said "a game of pain". Then she said "scuse me", started singing about my tooth pain & her umbrella.
smh. Yeah I know. Tweak moment...smh
Turning off the world until my thesis is submitted. I assume I'll be able to print out my diploma shortly thereafter.
u a single parent ?
I would rather cook than have to do the dishes or not eat than have to do dishes
Good morning! ~ Gorgeous as always!
lol hell yea im serious im heading up 2mar Night So I be There Thurs Morning but ya Sat Gone Be Official BlackShadeMafia
why the FUCK does everyone do this to me.? I dont get it.
What Makes You Beautiful is playing! NOT One Direction themselves lol my bad :) -g
That's plenty for Crawford. I'd pull the trigger on that trade no problem in a deep league like this with so many categories.
Today's diversity event at the Univ. of Pitt was a success.
The problems that exist in the world today cannot be solved by the level of thinking that created them. -Albert Einstein
Gary Pope - online video has far > potential for emotional connection w/kids than TV spots. See & share.
I love Ray! Now I'm even more jealous. We must meet sometime and drink wine.
I hate the Celtics. They suck
because they have nothing to loose and everything to gain! :-p
The chickens are lovely, but getting them processed for retail/wholesale sale is extremely difficult.
5th in the league in scoring
Twinkle Twinkle little whore youre cheaper than the dollar store (:
Green Tip:Tea Tree oil is one of the most popular essential oils. It is one of the strongest natural antiseptics!
What the crap! The way they run these VIP tickets is ridiculous. I hate it! You'll get them soon, don't worry :) thank you!!!
Tweet me a number for I'll rate your account!<3.
My head hurts, there is snow on the ground, so fuck school.
Restaurant week! Enjoy a 3 course meal for $20.11 for lunch. Or join us for dinner for $35.11 including a glass of wine! Happy hour til 7!
Watching HOUSE. He's the man
Don't phase me tho.
Twitter is being a bitch right now..
upstate NYer, Tim Horton's eh?
#BellTQuiz143 Totally in its not to late right
Don't miss the #HIMSS Southeast Summit here in our hometown of Nashville, TN. Sept 28 and 29 at the Gaylord Opryland.
I had my earthquake kit ready to rock! :)
why not?, It should be funny
Time to eat. Sour cream overload!
I just heard there is a park called
what you say for that to happen?
The #Lord is a warrior; the Lord is his name. - #Exodus 15:3 Awesome verse!
I Wasnt Even Payin Attention To Her Arms Like That.. That Heel Jst Messed Everything Up! lmao
Let's go #Indiana beat
"The price of greatness is responsibility." Sir Winston Churchill
Our book LIQUID BREAD Beer and Brewing in Cross-Cultural Perspective won the UK Gourmand Prize!
CCT is looking to hire new graduate student workers for a number of positions within the program. If you're interested, let us know!
Another fruitful Sunday shopping trip we only spend $187.35 for 2 weeks worth. We saved $105.17 on $292.52 worth of stuff!
APD calling Israel Keyes "a person of interest" in Samantha Koenig case.
I just found myself saying EXACTLY what my mom tells me...
shut up keith
can u wash mine too..lol :)
O lalaa!! I just fell in love with the color red all over again!! :D
Texas is pretty crazy
All that creamy goodness (that's what she said).
We have almost finished the profiling of you. We see you have experience jumping out of planes. Impressive. Most impressive.
It smells like cotton candy and pretzels in ... what's going on today?!
Every week since the contest started when did u start announcing the names and has my name been called yet?- Kiana, NY
Uh, earthquake, right?
Bitch I am the man no longer the kid.
Come out to the group #art show tonight @ Variable Space in Wicker pk. 1564 n Damen
do you have your booth for Albuquerque? March 11-13 at the Hard Rock Hotel & Casino www.rocktheink.net
The earthquake machine didn't work either. Still a pretty cool guy, based only on the stuff he actually did.
GONE HEAD BUST IT WIDE OPEN
Uncle Boonmee, laundry, and wine.
Absolutely! Tha ka for being such a great role Model to younger women! xoxo, Downtown Donna
#Scan our qr codes this weekend for great deals all around #sandiego!
Its a wrap from here
On the Amtrak train from MKE to CHI for the first leg of travel to #2012MAC. Wish i could use train travel more but the US network sucks.
This snuggle bear on the laundry detergent commercial might the just the creepiest thing I've even seen. <f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
simply not true. We have done that and will again.
I really need somebody to wash my truck for me please I will pay you.
Likewise! Looking forward to the next time we hang out, when we discover 12 more things we have in common in our pasts.
“: Cato can get it ”haha turning up the heat w that beauty in HG
There is Power in the Press
I think I am in love with that boy band.. Big Time Rush. My 6 year old likes them too..
Looking for a good time? Join Karaoke MVP tonight for karaoke and spoken word at iLounge at 8PM. 1287 D Glenwood Ave, Atlanta. See you there
I take back what I said. Go to as many Cubs/Cards game...please?!! :)
On epic roadtrip back to Texas from Vermont. First stop NYC, now DC. Then Nashvegas. LOVES IT.
It seems our page sent out a posting with a virus. It was not posted by SUPERDRAFT. Please do not open it and delete immediately.
Don't worry your pretty little mind, people throw rocks at things that shine. <3
Just Announced: Van Halen returns to on August 12! Tix on sale Friday, May 4 at 10am!
I slept through it, but a couple of my friends got up and scored 1 each! Saw a preview last night. I might have to buy one now
Maybe you should do it if they raise over $2000. Everyone that agrees retweet!
im not done!
That was a touching story about and his daughter. Can relate. Reunited with my sister in 2009.
Love having "me" time :)
no hes in cuba.
Gnite every1. Leave me somethin nice to wake up to.
Amazing. Was that almost some #spartan love?
Thanks for the mention! Hope you'll join our mailing list and consider submitting something when we launch the site soon.
#SaySomethin is my NEW FAVORITE SONG!!!!! :D it an AMAZING!!!
Today I learned just how much I needed Monday off followed by a week of travel away from the office! I'll take it!
1) This is not a wet t-shirt contest! Although I kind if wish it was.
THE BEST COOKIE EVER
Loves arriving in everyone else's life except mine!!! :/ fuuuuck
BLEEP BLAP BLOOP (logan henderson's voice)
we want you to watch us get down
I'm having mixed feelings about my new tattoo on Thursday. It's gonna hurt
Time to make this food for this BBQ tomorrow.
you can have it, yur the first responder.
i just turned my phone on from charging. All i have to say is 100 tweets from you and counting. Really?
"Wait, so refills cost as much as the first one?"
you could charge a good price for that service!
no problem
No doubt. The other day was speaking to and referred to you as the MacGyver of gadgets - a one stop shop for everything
Now that Scotty changed his username there's no blue checkmark next to it...peoples are gonna get confused...
my analysis is much the same; a good desktop board gets you forward compatibility, Sandy Hexa is where it's at.
when is prom?
Does anyone else feel like Brevik bought "The idiots guide to saying crazy shit at a trial". Its nonstop. Maybe someone is writing for him.
listening to circa survive :D
Hmu on Facebook & follow me on Twitter (;
Repairs grind on. Looks like another week before The Night Kitchen can open again.
Watching The Notebook?
Can not just wear pants over his head, everything else is possible!
I just love Indian movies! Watching Dabangg with friends. So epic!
Zap my own car right now. I just want to go home. <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0097>
The Gymanimals love Disney ! And we know Disney Interactive Studios Love The Gymanimals! Yaaay! :-)
Hello need everyone to vote for my shwo on oprahs search for next big tv star to www.oprah.com own show browse vote put in Dawn Reese Show
My christmas miracle happened my neice said she liked
Acronym's are more important than names today. Good headline too.
#rockstarteacher had his electric pencil sharpener specially-made. It goes all the way up to 11.
Thanks for the mention!
Good Gracious! I thought that WAS the Pillsbury Doughboy. What the heck is Stay Puft dude?
thanks, that's some great #ba75 company to be part of! Hope your week is good!
Really Jordan hill?
15% OFF Tomahawk Bar and Grill.. Only w/ a
but on the real, get a dream catcher to dangle from your rearview. Bitches love dream catchers.
you wont regret it! It will just make your b-day that much better :)
So i've heard!! I really need to.
If I looked like actor Chris Meloni, I wouldn't be afraid of nudity either.
Amen sister! me too!
peeling tha peach
Posting "420 Tomorrow<U+2665>" doesn't make you cool. - just tossin that out there.
Today, fans wwe I wanted to tell the sad news wwe diva Maryse fired,
#DidChuKno that when you freeze water and after it de-frosts, it produces more water than before
Haha im just clever like that ;)
My parents version of an ice cream sandwich is actual bread with ice cream.
Which, by the way, I did horribly on. even though I spent a month studying for it.
follow back :-) Cant wait until the event in Miami. So glad I get to participate! ~ Natalie (Pure Romance)
Thanks Rob. Look forward to seeing you at West Coast Casualty's Construction Defect Seminar in May!
Tomorrow need to get here today been wack
"I get dough like " -PriNce
getting wild crazy and outta control! Lol you?
Delia's sends me a catalog just about every other day! Strategy: bombard until a purchase is made!
#liesbeforesex It's ok because your are my girlfriend now
I don't wanna see you hurt.
Nice to see Anthony Davis still doing his best Joe Flacco impersonation.
#EvenIfYouPaidMeIWont give you your money back. Unless I have not done any work. I get half upfront for freelance work and is non-refundable
Solo Dolo today bkuz ppl steady changing ALL the plans.
i feel bad for morgan.. her phone is exploding right now..
Pink Champagne In The Purple Rain.Lemme See Ya PYHU.Can we get back to the way it was when we were on Honeymoon Ave?Tattooed Heart.<3
After 5 months, my green space proposal package is in route to the building's management. Rooftop parties this summer!
confirms Gingrich suspending campaign Tuesday
I create my own search Edward Maya
lets chill soon broski
When G gets home I'm being in a picture for her work friend, other than that nothing! Lets go somewhere
First Day of Spring! Happy-happy, all.
Has anybody but me noticed that Instagram kinda bites? Please stop using it, so that I will actually be able to see your pictures.
Goin to see my lil babe!
Doing anything is the same as doing nothing, if your #heart and #mind aren't in agreement with your
bring home a #mubb victory!
whats goes around comes around and i dont wanna come down
you NEVER had me. So dead dat bullshit.
Hey Had A Great Day How About Your???:)!$
So Funny.
It's refreshing to have a real intellectual conversation with someone.
Wonderful! “: McNamer, This year’s #NBA11 in Fiction goes to Jesmyn Ward, Salvage the Bones°(Bloomsbury USA)”
thank you so much. can you DM me you contact number? NBCLA newsroom has the incorrect number.
Currently using twitter on the safari app because the twitter app sucka
Mother's Day wine label designs: www.giftedvine.com
healthydeals offering a medical pedicure for $45
Thanks! How are you? Will you come and work with us soon?
No Fans On Train. Yahoo.
Not nearly as good as Ptown
Fear does not have any special power unless you empower it by submitting to it. ~Les Brown
Live out of your imagination, not your history. - Stephen Covey
All alone, in a world full of darkness, where no one cares about you or your life. If you were to die, no one would even notice</3
please follow please I'll do the doggie and call all my friends
Thanks to all that came out tonight, and to and Cast of Exiles for sharing the bill with us. We had a blast!
Mike Hess from PopEater.com on the way..
So, let me in. I can't get to you.
I do!
Los Angeles Lakers VS. Chicago Bulls! Go Lakers!
the sports eye exposed the scammers Vegas Killer and now they block me. I guess the truth hurts.....Total scammers forsure!
Happy Tuesday everybody! 1/24 we're going to be at 210 Westwood Place from 11-1:30 Come on by! We'd love to see you!
I'm sick of motherfuckers trying to tell me that they're down with Prince.
Movie about Haiti 'YEAR ZERO' by Carlos Cazalis & David Snider tonight at the Bubble Lounge 7PM Proceeds to NGO J'Aime Haiti.
your tweets are AMAZING<3. I'm a Mahomie too(:
As soon as the new episode is over, i'm going to SLEEP. much needed.
Insanity in individuals is something rare - but in groups, parties, nations and epochs, it is the rule.
TBW Executive Pleads Guilty to Criminal Charges
well if you answer yo phone i can come get you sis lol
Desperately trying to avoid my work party Sat evening for 4 hours
Seriously about to jump in someone's pool. So hot.
Check out our blog tomorrow for a recap on all things ad/celeb/#SB45 www.celebrityaquisition.com
im going to adtech! which day will you be there?
Going to eating one delicium pizza with my family
The skins defense needs to be reviewed as well.
#Tornado season reminders: Make sure u have adequate insurance coverage. Have a safety plan & know where to go in event of a tornado. Plz.
If randomly selected, your song will play on State St. on Valentine's Day + you'll win a package from and
My good friend & Murfreesboro Vice Mayor lost his 24 yr seat as councilman last nite by just several votes. A Voracios effort Chris Bratcher
Please follow ! She loves you so much! #Enchancer <U+E32A> <U+E328><U+E32C> 24
I can't trust anyone.
Ugh...just ugh...hate when that happens.
Goal #FIU Colby Burdette! He scored off a rebound from the keeper after a Lucas Di Croce shot tied 2-2 with 40 minutes remaining.
why don't you take a mini hockey stick (bc I KNOW you must have one) & attach a hook to it.
man I love my granny
Sorry you feel that way OOMF . I've Always been there for you, its just that only his words mattered to you .
You're stuck at work; you are forgiven.
Rehearsal for local indie film tonight. I love when everyone brings their A-game even when it's only a rehearsal. Makes me respect it more.
Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
whoops- it came from ! Love to get involved :)
One of the companies that Poised Creation has a great deal of respect for is Virgin Records!
The new bi-weekly payday is tomorry. Now I can see Los Avengers this weekend. Good news for me... for my fellow employees, not so much.
Blah need bookcases for Jules nursery. I would like 2 sling bookshelves. Mostly for board books. Where are you SGF sellers?
And with that, I'm down to 15 emails in the inbox. I think that's a good stopping point.
It takes a long time to grow an old friend. -John Leonard
there's a 5 guys in Edina. Why go all the way to St Cloud??
Omg I'm hungry now!
Did I buy a Christmas/thank you gift today? Yes. President of the
Gosh, why are you so beautiful? (:
chain chain chain
thank you so much for the piece. Can I convince you to do your own project?!
watching O's vs Nationals, 9th inning 12-3 O's !
#3WordsForYou music is life
I think I fall in love with One Direction a little more everyday…
not so peaceful when the storm starts ripping branches off trees :x
Good night everyone!!!!
Little girl in the airport to me "Aaron Rodgers is gonna be my husband." Zero hesitation in her voice.
Is it me or has the music business been destroyed from the inside out
The Quiet Things That No One Ever Knows
I want some candy
like Al Qaeda?
Workin hard... I'm trying to get my film made... It's a full time gig. How is life for you?
RT " Dear Websites that automatically play loud videos, thanks for trying to get me fired!" ...Exactly!!!
Pay attention to the #signs that #God is giving to the #world. He is about to send a season of #correction our way. The #church is first
WHATS THE BEST MOMMENT THAT YOUVE DONE TOGETHER W/ THE CONTESTANTS
Using Harold and Kumar go to White Castle as an example in Lib class today.....for research, I promise.
I don't have any photos of NYE. Sorry.
First team stopped by! They were faster than expected. Mixer may be beginning more like 2:30 based on their speed.
I got an B on my kinesiolgy exam!! Whoot whoot <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Last day of working with today. Good luck on your new career!!
Well, the duck tongue was very spicy, peppery, not meaty but very chewy like undercooked squid or octopus. Lots of exotic food!
RT Love them Sure Djoker qualifier tough as Milos. Right. I think I love Cone tweeting just as much as I love Fed FBing.
S/o to for making a twitter(: everyone go follow her!! love you courtt<3
Jae-Wan Live Viper Room, March 28th. Live in Tucson comming in April...
Am I not destroying my enemies when I make friends of them? ~ Abraham Lincoln
Our lunchtime events have been very popular. We do have others later in the day, such as the POV doc "The Learning" at 5:30 Wed.
. your "new" priority line for terminal 5 at LAX = FAIL. Come on, it's really not this hard.
Check out my new Timeline brand page - Facebook keeps changing on me, but this is awesome!!
Tired of texting
I am going to go soak in a hot tub full of aromatherapy stuff & (try to) make myself beautiful. ;-) G'night tweeple!
I've never slapped a hoe but I think I'm bout to and its gonna be you missy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
lost deal today, need more in the funnel. old rule, don't count ur money til its closed :(
The People who told you to "Say it with Flowers" Are selling bouquets on the strength of a Phrase.
Oh yeah, Griffith had a whole chapter. Propoganda films aren't always terrible Ex: Eisenstein's Battleship Potemkin.
She and her agent were publicly dissing a negative review on Twitter, planning to vote up reviews to hide it.
aw i love you too! i cant wait to go to another show with you !
Goal for tomorrow: write rough draft of paper about an intro to the profession of academic reference librarianship.
Can't wait to see it fam.. track is fire my dude. F'real..
How much eligibility do you have left?
Hazelnut Choc! <U+261E> : Congrats to ! Your Mexican chocolate donut was great & the Nutella one was out of this world!
u already
okay thanks
Just got my #orioles #openingday tickets! The only fun day of Baltimore baseball.
#Bills had impressive third down stop. Nullified by stupid penalty. :-/
I meant tomorrow night, 7/7/11. Must be anxious ;)
“: #DearGirls, If he doesn't treat you like a princess, then he doesn't deserve to be your prince.”
Im loving my skyrim, and i cant wait for my new Video Card so i can pump it up a lil
Remedy your deficiencies,and your merits will take care of themselves. Edward Bulwer-Lytton
Guess you just know huh? Hahaha
Lol, It popped up on my TL first but okay will do
"Loving Christ includes loving people." ~ L.L.
it came in okay! And I rocked it
*full* yawn
I'd go with Brandon Jacobs
Hey I wanna be one of the admins of your page so bad!
hey, I signed up for a contest with for a chance 2 B their official #TwitterJock 4 #SummerJamz15. #Vote4Me ?
I hope I have a front row seat and popcorn when karma calls.
follow me babe :)
In this episode, Larry's dad didn't tell him his mom passed away. Didn't want to bother you. (maybe his dad died. same same)
I never liked hurt locker I thought he was annoying in the town & not funny in ghost protocol....
Follow My Heart? ? ?
thanks for rt :)
don't get me wrong, I can drive a girl batty (hence the break), but, as a mom I've grown the patience needed-
Bowling won 2-3 games. :) #winning Heather is better though!
Did you get the new iPad 3? Have an iPad 2, the iPad or just a general interest? Come to Intro to iPad Monday, April 2nd at the FFL at 3pm
sleesburg was sleazy as always. how's eastern europe? Dont get "taken"
just trying to fuck with the Mayans' schedule.
Thanks for sharing this one! We are always on the lookout for apps to shout out about...
when is every little thing coming out?
haha i feel you
And it's #RiskyBusiness Friday at our place 2nite #JustSayin RT TGIF! TGI....can finally say that! :) Happy Friday y'all!
Kindle vs Nook
Sometimes I wonder if life is a dream .
Kim Kardashian's Vagina has been used more times then !
Just a little. I'll ask how it works over there and shoot you a personal message. Sound good?
people in NYC, MD, and Jersey felt it too. weird.
i can ask him if you want
We welcome all hip hop artists!
Thanks for listening in for the #AMASocialVolt webcast today. Hope you got some value from it :)
I thought my PS3 was tripin. I ain't been able to log in since last night
You're ignoring me?
u can hear Bob from the concourse on radio down by the field
are you in the mix? follow us on facebook.com
What an asshole.
Eagerly anticipating panel "The Speed of Thought"w Reza Aslam, Daniel Kahneman, David Bellos. Questions? How speedy is thought?
RT : New @ DB.com, Apr 17 Gratitude Watch, posts by , , & more. If you enjoy, please RT!
RT : UGA says they're a go for #thatcamp SE this spring. [Excellent! Yet another reason to go hang out in Athens!]
when's the album available??? iTunes??
and/or supporting/submitting to open access journals, which will need support at various levels.
don't be sorry!! I'm sorry it took so long to respond! Primer for the face feels like lotion but there are no moisturizing
Their bullets r like the good brand and my r like walmart or better yet toys r us.
he is still trending
Tonight's collegehoops slate features 3 matchups of ranked teams, none bigger than the first of 2 meetings this season between Duke and NC!
Enjoy! Let us know what you think!
We run this night
Thanks! But if I'm the most famous musician you know, er... I'm sorry?
Feeling super masculine today.
The Amana Colonies were a very interesting social experiment.
Anyone have bail to get out of Twitter jail?
I am so new to twitter. I have no idea what I'm doing but I signed up to follow iZigg, and now found current friends from FB as well.
"The two most important days in your life are the day you were born and the day you find out why" - Twain -- Dwayne Johnson ()
Is it me or should we be worried with the D?
Back to the plan
Clean energy now
Order your next truck with Freedom Ford's Express Order Process (EOP). Get your truck the way you want it, in the color you want, and the r…
Congratulations to the Somali Youth League for your hard work and commitment!
I never get it anymore.
count me in!!!!
Really want sm sushi umm cravings
Getting high thinking about those summer nights <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><U+2600>
oh fine ... thx guys. im heading to the gym shortly, how's 430 sound to you both?
We measure our service one gallon at a time, and so far we are the liters by a mile!
*txt* I DONT KNOW!
People take the college sports thing way too seriously.
Yeah i saw that, but i gotta pass this year. I'm driving out to denver for new years with lindsey. And im wicked broke haha
AFHC Meat&Greet tonight at , 5pm. I think Randall is playing. Possibly too. Maybe even $1 beers.
I wish people were like money; so you could hold them up to the light to see which ones are real and which ones are fake. ;*
Slept late. Then i work tonight. Waste of a day D:
Help, Twitterverse! Am casting for a short video on preventing falls at home. Looking for caregivers of older adults in western Mass. DM me!
thank you for the RT! I accidentally thanked myself because I'm an idiot. Whoops!
Awesome! That's my favorite song on the album. You rock, Chris. :)
Not a person to mess with, reason : I'm a gemini.
the message spoke right to my heart. Thanks for being so obedient to Holy Spirit.not usually home Sunday mornings to hear you.
why can people fly to DC and not to JFK? This is very frustrating.
yea first time at fly, ugh...
uh, wtf? Are you guys battling over keyboards or what?
My stomach hurts! >.<
Dwight Howard's FT% has been between 58.6% and 59.6% each of the last 5 seasons. This season: 49.4%.
I #hate #selfish #people PrincessCiera
2 mistakes at the very end for both teams Nice job ATL
Why do I lock my doors and leave the windows down?
Ya know when I feel like my life sucks I go to Game Stop. Thanks to the workers and customers for making me realize that. It could be worse!
well what u gon give me shells? A 2piece and a biscuit
Corleones has the best philly cheese steaks!
thank you!
The gala is going to be a great party, we hope to see you there!
trying the #Tribute pour over style... Really good. And trying to build points on my card LOL
OK bro tell me wen
are you going to watch TV with the married and old
:'( im naming it bob!
hay! you must go follow if you havent already! she introduced me to your music & she loves youu
As we gear up for National Photo Month in May, we're donating 2 APA annual memberships per wk, bet Apr 15-May 31. DM us or .
i hate cover bands
great, i'm doomed.
RT : Having some amazing food thanks to and great open house lovie! Xoxo
$PASO has also been working with partners for a coordinated release and the support of an Electronic Medical Record.
Anyway, still hoping will turn my ADHD addled brain productive for FetFest2012.
Food and beverage executives predict growth
Everyone at skool was like "OMG sade u talk now.." DUUHH I'm not retarted, I can talk. I just chose not to. -__-
I LOVE !! they got some funny chiz. what the heck is chiz anyways??? IT SOUNDS LIKE A GERMAN SAUSAGE :D
Wish I was there!! Beautiful
you do for me atleast and i appreciate it :D
When comes back, Staples Center gots 2 show/shout mad love! He feeds on the energy; bout 2 be like the return of
Im always amazed to see kids who are taller than me
#cosign #celticsnation RT : my guy is the best point guard on the league hands down
thank you... Love you too
I'm heading to Las Vegas today. Follow along for the highlights.
Why does our bus smell like Skunk..?
Ya'll are great! I still check often, even tho I don't tweet! Anyone wanna play the number gamee?(:
Inside studio info,, new monitor which makes the others look simply awful, lots of winning this morning, tune in to Generations 1023 or 94.1
You know it!
hey isn't a #bedroom defined as a room with a built-in closet? why is Town Meeting reinventing the wheel?
Its bin raining all day n I love it!!
Going to see the Pacers put out the heat on Thursday with !
what kind of beer is it??
well I sure as hell am hooked now LOL once I start something I NEED TO FINISH IT LOL
Even with a 1-3 record last week, UK baseball is still 1 of 5 Division I schools with less than 10 losses so far this season.
Because guess what - in two years, none of this makes a difference in our real life.
who knows we might add another member! Bring it ya heard??
#tradhome thank you - so thrilled!
last night on this gig.. ready for a new camera package
thank you m'dear! :)
#Canelo about to blow up, that was a good fight!
THE PILOT IS COMPLETE. NOW TO THE EDITING ROOM. EPISODE 1 COMMENCES ON SATURDAY. WELCOME TO THE WORLD OF SCARLETT
Geez - since ESPN issued the pic of the Boston Rings - #Redsox died, #Celtics never started, #Bruins are so so and #Patriots are drowning!
Im going to complain. Stupid basketball practice till 930. Not a happy camper. <U+274C><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080>
Thank you for the recommendation!
It's not called being whipped , it's called having respect for your girl.
Follow up to my last tweet: "That shi cray."
Testing the water MT : in Kansas City hosting 2012-'13 #NHL preseason game Oct6th: vs
Paczki + beer = winning
Thanks for the RT! Really appreciate it. :)
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness!
HEALTHCARE:Home-Family-Job-Assets-Health Ins. Which one can take the others away from you? Buy your book!!!!! (TheProfitTrap) www.amazon.com
Thanks for watching!
"Dante said the hottest places in hell are reserved for those who maintain neutrality in times of moral crisis." Ken Samuel
Everyone knows the #Flyers had a call coming to them. Truth be told, that was probably the right call anyway.
Many congrats to social-media maven who is leaving for
love you
Many thanks, great seeing you too. Have fun in Boston.
wow, is todd speaking yet?
Thanks for the follow! ;-)
Westbrook, nobody wants to see u vs Kobe, everybody wants to see KD vs Kobe.. pass the ball kid
Dallas Magic Club meeting tonight. Some fun at last.
junquito.. at my aunt's house
What is your favorite chocolate dessert in Seattle? Why is it the best?
Anyone else attending Social Media RX? www.visitrochester.com/socialmediarx/
Why would it be easier for a man than a woman?
Today was so unsuccessful
damn I feel bad for Rose. looks like the Heat will be in the finals...again. They will win the whole thing this yr.
Q : What's your plans for 2012 ? A : God only knows what comes next.. i hope this year will be as great as 2011!
'Constant state of beta' CU's can't settle for status quo
Monday in Mpls and it was beautiful today. Be better with someone to share it with :-)
Thanks! Your team is so kind! Ended up connecting with a longtime friend!
Today is the Tommorrow you worried about Yesterday
People are just crazy!!
This score? JESUS!!! #OKC killing these boys...lol.
Interesting fact: Rapper 'Plies' was a standout athlete(fball) at Miami University before transferring to the University of Central Florida.
hey,us too. We're trying to avoid joining the Imperials.
We have one more gift for the next person who stops by the Honey Child Pop Up Shop...U coming!?!!!
Damn it!!! Walked into a bar and they're playing country music. I hate country music.
If the world doesn't end on December 21, 2012, I have a feeling there will be a lot of babies born on September 20, 2013.
I have to say as im writing my novel and rereading it its unlike anything I have ever read I cant wait to share it with everyone
It feels so good 2 b home...
Got off early today
The hatred I have for my phone will be forever endless....
Never reverses them? HaHa. RT: An umpire is like a woman. He makes quick decisions & never reverses them...
I love the goldust > Cody sign front row on #raw tonight
Welcome to all of our #NACUA workshop attendees! Looking forward to an informative program today!
: It's my opinion we'd be good together #Don'tOverreact (:
What's my favorite Christmas movie? The Predator. Arnold's bold action in the jungle that day allows each and everyone of us to have a...
RT : to be fair, does make EVERY movie better!!! ;-)/ Mark Hamill is uniquely talented, a rare pearl
FACEBOOK SPECIAL: Free set of kitchen tools with a $25.00 purchase (Riverwest). Get your chef on!!!
Coke or Sprite Beer!
After starting in the back of the field, takes the lead from on lap 97. Who is the driver to beat #Kobalt 400?
Showtime back to back!!!!
Myla told me on Sat that she could hear the spider crawling up the wall. Ladies and gentlemen, I think we have a superhero here!
RT : At YMCA. 2 women in 80's said I love that music you have on your IPOD. I said its Flo Rida. Now they're jamming to it!
We work hard, we play hard
You deserve to win! RT If I win #MegaMillions it's Mexican Coca Cola from here on in.
Thanks! Glad to hear you like it :)
Wii bowling tournament at work today. I've been named "Liana “Bowling Before I was Walking” Shanes"
It's just you and me today, Vivian.
lol is amazing how good glass (lens) can make you look different
shine shine shine your beacon brightly upon the totality of your being. :).
My spring break travel plans with are getting crazier and crazier by the minute.
": i wish there was a Uncle Remus in C'dale." Shit, I wish they had one N Dallas!
Cause for now he has like a MILLION guys crushing on him haha xP but yeah i understand, and i agree i can't see it either
#whaaa? what about ppl #high on smack their up for days?weeks??? #ijs :)
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 12
That's right people! We tweet about pancakes lol
My mom just dropped her phone and her screen broked way worst then mine so I busted out KARMA right in her face.
Ah yes, Micah said to email you. Can we collaborate on this? I'm an editor at HLS. A Library Boing Boing/HLS meetup would be epic.
me too! Everyone was totally nonchalant!
Great job!! “: one year after starting with and , I have shed that 20 pounds I wanted to drop.”
Thanks for the clarification. Fortunately I can make the correction in my upcoming book, James Bond Unmasked.
Hey Alex, hope you are feeling better than over the weekend. Looking forward to seeing you and in Birmingham!
I absolutely agree that #ROWE is better than straight unlimited vacation. NO doubt about it!
RIP: Everett Lilly who, along with his brother Bea, (and banjoist Don Stover) introduced bluegrass to many folks in the Northeast.
Amazing how much I accomplished in the last three hours! Time to call it a night and get some sleep. Busy day ahead tomorrow.
yeah its one of those days when if you step back and look at it, its pretty clear. Thank you.
you all rock!Loving the game of football aka soccer and thrill to be helping #EduSport :)
I'm lucky to get 24 consecutive hours.
Guests can purchase raffle tickets as a donation & prizes are amaze
What do grocery stores north of MD line have that the D side lacks? OMG strawberry rhubarb pie Shoney's eat your heart out.
Your Welcome! Thanks!
Sounds tasty to us!
I wake up and he's just screaming... Throat all dry , Sweat down my back.. Stiff wrist.. I'm so sick still , Wtf..
Friday night studying.
A day without Jake , I dunno how to spend it .
I thought you might need some encouragement right about now. Stay strong! Remember your goals! Remember why you want them!
Is this Peyton List?
Get Clubby with Dancing With The Stars Custom and Micro Beds! Up now on #productionvault!
HGTV Green Home 2012 Designers Use Trex Outdoor Living Products (VIDEO) - HULIQ
Vagina? No. Lol RT “: Wtf are quahogs??? They look like clams maybe.”Is that code for....,
Chevron seeks bank records in Ecuador environmental suit
Peoplee At This School Make Me HATE Drakee ,
They have U cheering them on!!!!!!!! Your unstoppable
Do you want to see good music, tap dancing, drink good coffee, and more? Come out to the Family Matinee tomorrow Feb 4th!
thank you. That's all I wanted.
if you watch the Jersey Shore for any lenght of time, you realize not only should abortion be legal it should be retro-active!!
Barbecue chips at 10:30 in the morning are always a good idea.
#onlyinchicago it would have hail the size of golfballs!!
formality my ass... he crossed the finish line first. how difficult is that to understand?
The headaches I've been getting <<
What do you think about our daily posts? We want to know!
don't know what exactly that means but WE ARE!!!!
ah makes sense. Stick the Dell sticker on it. :)
#iwannabe the Best in everything that I do!
I like saying it like a Brit: "Aruguler"
Rebel Rockin N Rolling!
miss u brudder!!!
Make sure that your overall interactions with your dog nurtures balance and relaxation in him
plz read my DM it would mean so much to me
Alright.. I'll check it out
We started with banana/rice cereal, then went on to apples, pears. We're waiting for that book you recommended to get here!
Kerr is killing it tonight.
okay whatever.
I've heard of the droid. Does it have a keypad like the Blackberry? That's the reason I am resisting the iPhone.
Sleepover with :)
I JUST said to that tonight would be perfect.
Super tired but I'm still grindin.
I'm booked for Anyone ever stay there and want to give me tips?
if Ty plays, we win that game easy. Don't be surprised when the go into LA and beat them by 20 on Thursday
Would really like a meaty cock right about now...
Monday Night Football special 12 wings 2 Drinks 10.00 or Green Chile Cheese Burger fries and a drink for 7.50
Pigeon poop be gone, so it was said, so it was done and customers enjoyed eating at the outdoor tables again as the restaurant flourished
I'm sure u can match her exciting stories with your tales in Cheyenne...
Person: Niall's cute & all, but his teeth are mess- Me: Say it and you won't wake up tomorrow.
Just wrapped up another session at the studio. One day at a time.
follow me please i love you so much <3 :)
so jealous!
#howtopleaseahoodrat any white guy.
-- Are you asking a H2H daily question??? Really???
My extended family are the most aggressive Easter egg hunters ever.
young 9, starting to look like Defenders! Class of 2016, we are coming!
Why do all of today's "smart" phones still use a depiction of an obsolete technology (the reel-to-reel tape recorder) as the voicemail icon?
OMG I didn't know I had a 5 AM. Lab tomorrow. Blah. Oh well. Lets do this thing!
Cubs win!
lol im at the crib...
Could Parents Have Been Warned About Joshua Carrier Sooner? - KRDO
It would be pretty hard to burn down the Copycat!
usshh I hate you! Bring me some =))
crashing hard! lol keep me posted on your dad. he's lucky to have you there with him! ;)
// Snooze disaster. Next one!
damn fam if u can find some every liquor store I been to talmbout dey done sold out
Loll I love Damon
woke up this morning 2 a nitemare called my life.
Tax incentives possible for Mercedes Benz Blue-Tec vehicles.
What's the game plan for today?
I think you would totally bang Harrison Ford !
Do it! You'd look amazing. I'm addicted to mine :)
EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE TUNED IN TO ZIMMERMAN HEARING ON #CNN RIGHT NOW!
Anna's coming over soon (:
You can't be the type to play females consistently, then expect fellas to "take it easy" on your sisters ? LOL what kinda shit is that -_-
RT : Faith is what makes life bearable, with all its tragedies and ambiguities and sudden, startling joys - L’Engle
i wanna go
Poor fakers,y don't u just lose,cuz the thunders ll still be sending yall home parking
Well only 69 more followers until we get to 1,000 on Twitter... Help us out and RT if you're feeling kind today!! :)
#ihate getting all dressed up...
that! that is what you RT?!! of my billions of tweets! mouse pee? that one!!!! :)
I'm seeing an encouraging uptick in non-native English on the support forums after implementing i18n & L10n.
I really, really, really wish Radiohead was playing somewhere near Indy and not on a weeknight. I can't swing a Tuesday show.
hahah about Scott. I'm still totally dying over that.
I think of that every time I work on Law&Order and try to write it on my voucher.
Great morning doing the yard spring cleanup. Love applying my random athletic turfgrass knowledge to the homefront. Enough to be dangerous.
I woke up in the bath tub with only socks and the faucet on. WTF happened last night
Stronger rain pounding my windows now.
All signed up for my membership, ready for the new year!
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
Enjoyed Cabin in the Woods. Is it me or at the end did the two leads, when they were huddled together, look like Amy and Rory?
Young pups need to chew. Part of mental health. Buy chews bigger than mouth to prevent choking, monitor while chewing.
Ideas come from anywhere, but nothing comes from nowhere.
Pens just out hitting, out working them right now
A *growing* Eiffel
your pretty!
but in the end lasting memories
Good morning! I hope everyone gets some nice holiday time off this season.
AJ is def the hottest diva out there. Luv that she is getting this push
This month has been nothing but busy, and a bunch of stress. However, next week a get away to New Jersey may just be what I need.
Shalimar. Or Taqueria Cancun. Or Mimi's. Or any other well-established place. Upstarts are fine, but seriously, get with it!
So will the Republican Party boycott the Lorax?
Just a head's up: for now, we will only be accepting cash and checks. So come prepared Friday night!
At my homie's MMA fight
Watching Soul Surfer with my bestie Lane Shaw who looks alot like
Thank you so much!!
Full room for our first ever MOPS meeting. Really exciting stuff.
Well, any effort to maximize your potential and ability is a good thing. - Daniel Goleman
love it…too funny!
NTFS. figure that one out. When I took this in college I was INFJ. Will see what a decade or two has done.
"can I retweet my own tweet?" -
Angry woman cussing out stranger :O.
I hate the commercials about tips from a smoker. Omfg it's so sad
don't worry, we'll come back! third period is always our best :)
At this Hillsong concert!!!
Today was a very refreshing day!
No, I wasn't paying attention...
Wow. Weak shot Josh... But C's gonna give em another chance...
Hey Seattle Cooks - my friend has a line cook job opening w/ PTO, benefits, 401K, 40hrs/wk. Contact
They got nothin on you babyy
My go to guy in basketball at the gym today, "trying to get rid of this hangover, doing some cardio."
its my birthday !!!
Thank you for attending. Such a great turn out!
Mike Bibby can carry this team tonight. He's gonna have to drop 20. Or Fields and Amare gotta drop 20 each. Or Melo can just score 40 again
really :o
oh D-Wade way to shank that one
where you headed?
Phineas & Ferb are one of my favorite cartoons in Disney!
Poor North Korea. Can't do anything right.
Does it really need to be this dark and rainy on a Monday morning?
Who tryna chill? Hit me upp ASAP
thank you for the post. It was very helpful.
Say yae, say yae, don't we do this everyday day.
Cute girls just use Tumblr to post soft core porn.
": .. have a beautiful day!! #teambootyz!! -kitab00" you too #TeamBootyz !!
San Diego is the place to be! Glad you're back, neighbor! Feel better too!
Ha! Nope, Robot is staunchly anti-stinky stuff. Thank goodness!
Bo Ryan has never been a huge fan of the ACC/Big Ten Challenge. The transfer ban could be a subtle jab at the Challenge for all we know.
LMAO raquan done gave me the lauggh of the night
Werner Vogels ignited the public cloud revolution. How will he disrupt the global IT market?
Military Appreciation Night and Bikes on Beale, and you were coming right? See you then! Benefiting Toys for Tots
Muller: "Access to information encourages accountability"
I need to get my nails done, ASAP!
I'm so devastated and now the heat have a free ride to the finals
:) I assume you watched the video?
Wher you Photos!!!!??
oh Ard good looks buzzin his twitter don't pop .. Lol
thank you!
Can we just legalize gay marriage already so people will stop posting lame image macros to Facebook about legalizing gay marriage?
THAT'S ALL I NEED.
Well I can dream
Taste time: Headed for Starbucks to try their new dumbed-down coffee blend.
Congratulations for reaching the TOP 20!! Great topic!
aww I hope you're better now bby. And I hope your nana gets better, I'm sorry :c <3
- But do you remember your old friends?
I like going to chipotle and ordering the 620 calorie burrito bowl and adding guacamole and turning it into a 13,000 calorie bowl.
this child is officially driving me insane today. he is all about making me uncomfortable. and the braxton hicks are keeping up
Welcome to Twitter!!
The #Yankees sweep of the #Orioles is complete. 3:42 on the time of the game.
do u acting guys really believe in that when it's the right time stuff. Cause I'm all about u life is all on u.
Can we make it up to you!?!
Dudette, why are you not out for #pcbw?
's new album "Spine Hits" drops April 10th on End Records. Also on a huge tour which just kicked off in Nebraska.
would've been better had you consumed
Brilliant post, Chez! Oh, those poker-playin' married men. They love to Grind. I .. mean .. Blend?
and just because out good QBs are injured don't mean nothing didn't Tom Brady come out of no where didn't y'all say tebow sucks
Erm we have actually... if it wasn't for me you wouldn't be going!
It's not always about achieving perfection, it's all about steady Progress towards perfection!
We've been awfully quiet. Not our usual raucous selves. This good behavior must come to an end :)
you told me to follow you and I said "sure".
This time Kathryn blogged holy, hallowed, sacred, and consecrated
Give somebody a compliment today. Whether you know them or not, it can make a really big difference in your day and theirs.
You're welcome! And thank you for being such an AMAZING audience!! xoxox
Yay! I still wear (+ love!) a few of your pieces I got swaps ago. RT : Already got my bag of clothes ready to go : )
Brent Lillibridge is striking out about 50% of the time. Let's have him lead off.
Apologies if out site looks funny, were working on a few upgrades, Not to worry, you can still purchase all of our deals. Thanks!
i sure will follow you i always follow back
My mom's birthday cake. >
Lol, this girl got mad cause I told her to shut the fuck up cause she kept telling the class too. Dumb bitch you don't like it right?
As long as the suffix applied to his carrier ends in "-ologist".
Love is a serious Mental Disease
its not me nigga, I wouldn't go through all that jus to make a page
going to my practice graduation, working, and then playing music! <3
I still think #damienmulkey was better
Happy Tuesday! How's everyone's #springbreak going? I know I'm enjoying mine!! :)
Just missed the bus. FML
I have duly added that to my list!
I want sum pannycakes
#Russia and #China vetod (STOPPED) #NATO intervention in the #UN -- TWICE. #NATO would have destroyed #Syria :(Thank
dear every hotel in america, bread, donuts, muffins, and cereal aren't breakfast
my father in-law plays it like woah - prolly about a 5 on the dorkisphere
Student Quote: "When I walk home to my apartment sometimes I pretend I'm a knight. I hop on the squares on the sidewalk and count 1-2-turn!"
I'm so happy almost all my favorite Aussies are here!
Hi Diana! Thanks for the follow! Loved your cookie deliciousness for Sabor de HoLa!
Make sure you include the hashtag #21CRadio to win tix!
and that's proof that you've been working too much! LOL
DC Jazz Events You dont want to miss, Follow
We are known for our Prime Rib from 8oz-168oz pick your poison :)
I busted my vote all over today's face.
next? All sluts who suspect a zygote within their uterus must report to the Dish Room for a vaginal ultrasound ha!
When your moms says your name when she's mad <<<<
17 DAYS UNTIL ONE DIRECTION GHDKJNF
Thou shalt not commit adultery, unless in the mood.
Thanks for the RT!
Vote for in the John Lennon Songwriting contest Pop Category for Pop Song of the Year.
There's a reason why they call it Villa Daslu - can I live here? Shopping heaven...
#oomf just made my night! I needed to hear that !
Lord help me to trust your timing . "In their hearts humans plan their course, but the Lord establishes their steps." Prov 16:9
“Don’t find customers for your products, find products for your customers.” - Seth Godin
Good morning to you!
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. -Jim Rohn
avi is bad as hell ;-)
use our coupon code save20 just about everywhere that will take it. if they don't, tell them to DM us.
Hm. My guess is a studio is behind the twitter buzz over the Anchorman sequel. Nothing else can explain it. The original was not good.
A heartfelt thank you to those who supported and helped me during this year's LA Marathon. It was tough but now it's done and in the books!
Tried to plan my #mlanet12 itinerary today... lets just say it was overwhelming. I wish there were 2 of me for all I want to see!
I don't know what has got me hotter under the collar, the #NYC heat wave or the ridiculous back & forth in the #NFL lockout. Get it done!
“ “ #Sagittarius have deep emotions but they don't show it.”” ' True!!
Guitar practice early in the morning to get ready for the full out band practice/beach jam. - Charly
we could set up a time to Skype or I could email you some Qs or whatever works.
im sorry but can u give me ur email where we can stay in touch?
It's spaghetti, garlic bread, and salad for lunch today at summer camp! Well, a little bit of salad anyway.
Popdust Music Site Branches Into Fashion With The Launch Of Its First Pop-up Online Store Popdust Style
Spent the flight playing on garageband for ipad. Love that app!
Thank you to for helping me spread the word about the event tomorrow!
I like you but you talk too much!
Think anything less than a perfect game by Andy Pettitte today will be viewed as a disappointment by some
I will be cursing after this work out tonight...because she writes some pretty kick-your-butt-til-Sunday work outs...
Law and Policy Gaps discussed at #idtrust: different nat'l approaches & data laws, commercial vs private interests, ownership/control
We're about to find out if $60 worth of Mueller BBQ is too much for 3 people.
Is it bad when you go to your Doctor for a check up and the doctor says "before we get to you, man, your Pepper Mustards are awesome"?
has he replied yet?
Glad we can share life with you again, lovely! Me? Enjoying the possibilities of this year. :)
: All's well. Just slingin' movies and freelancin' like a monster. We need to gather folks for BBQ some evening!
..wassup my guy?
If you want respect, you gotta respect others, too! Respect is not a one-way street.
If you have a clusterfuck or a shit storm on your hands just send it over my way. It's what I seem to deal with these days
and it will be after noon.
Crews shouldn't be allowed twice on the show...
My concern is that the history of #streetart #graff can be bought -- manipulated for investment.
I think that customers should ditch and and watch programming online using Internet for half of the price!
RT if you live in Atlanta and you remember 95.5 TheBeat
Just got in a 4 wheeler crash.. I'm gonna have some major
Woke up with the only sore throat <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
me to
I wann go back to my warm comfy bed! :(
Have a BLAST! How did you ring in the NY Phillippines-style?
Hey there old friend! Long time no see! :-) Hope you're awesome! XO
tell me about it! It almost brought me to tears (of joy) walking towards the exit!
Has something happened this afternoon? Been out cutting the grass.
Amused by ppl w/1000s of followers & a few followees. Dear follower, I don’t care what you have to say. Ignoring you makes me feel important
homemade Kahlua FTW
So My Dad Just Basically Called Me Fat ... Gee, Thanks. Freaking Hate My Family Seriously .
thx much for the #EDU11 info. Really looking forward to the conference!
BC its hardly beef. And I couldn't bring myself to argue with a kid. That's just ridiculous
You know you have a wine issue when follows you
9. I dont like talking on the phone , jus text me ;p
RT : Super soaker pussy, it get wetter than drizzle
A good inside SEO could be more productive for a company that the top sales person. A great one could be more than the entire sales team.
I want to meet someone who knows how to lock >.>
Day 3 at #drupa & a BIG welcome to #Xeroxdrupa visitors in hall 8b - do not miss the special performance by du Soleil at 10:45
God gives every bird a worm, but he does not throw it into the nest. -Swedish proverb
HAPPY early Birfday thats what me and friends say for ppls birthday well LOVE YEAH Girl and have a good one God Bless
Kung Fu weekend. An actual weekend. Bike rides and apple pie. Nice.
WhatsApp is the best messaging app for iPhone, in my opinion. Highly recommended.
More debates. Blah-blah-blah-wha-wha...
GAB says extension would put the deadline at Mar 19
so gr8 2 c u! RT Enjoyed seeing the beautiful ladies event
#workingout best anger management ever! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Thanks for the RT yesterday!
who declares what is "relevant" to tweet? It's twitter, look up the rules and get back to me.
I think I did good in my track meet against Jefferson.
Rich: Distinguish between adequacy of laws based on current experience & how that view should change based on Japan.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
and I are upset at your comment,
indirect ass lmaoo
cussing them out and hating on them! so Nick replied!"Your not being very ICONic and i don't like ppl that hate on other ICOiacs
" I'm Trying To Go To Sleep, But I Can't Help But Sing :) " .
RT : Beliefs have the power to create and the power to destroy. Tony Robbins
stay! tweet! I'm living vicariously through you :o)
Goodnight everyone! Sweet dreams you all :*
Hell fucking yea RT : I think Oak Ridge Is One Of The Best Schools in Orlando
Know of/have any google apps experts on staff? we'll pay....in candy...
Pat Riley would get closer and closer to the bench. Doc Rivers and a banged up DWade...yes.
So proud to have been endorsed by the Stonewall Democrats! Thank you to all the leaders and activists of Stonewall for your support!
#Avengers was great.
Aww, Thanks! RT : Very productive meeting with All the folks at #SCHIPUL speak the language of the web like no others.
says "no room in the hearing or overflow rooms either!" Thoughts?
I enjoy porn every bluemoon, but its still absolutely not wht I want my son or daughters doin to feel secure in feeding their families
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Not scientific, just the attitudes my friends & coworkers express mostly in casual conversations about it
So...Anyone want a shoutout?!:D
Happy Monday!!! I'm counting down till Wednesday has extended Happy Hour!! Can't wait
Cinespace last night was great! Tonight we play Howl at the Moon @ CityWalk near Universal Studios. 8pm!
2012 Phenom Camper Jr Phenom: Alexander Wan °Rising 7th Grader °Beaverton, OR °Travel Team: All in One °Point Guard 5’2
Call me old fashioned but a prerequisite to copping a feel: you should know the other person. Otherwise you're just a creeper.
thanks but no thanks i'd rather not take that offer
I'll gladly pay you Tues for a hamburger todat
lol its ok. if i get it fair and square then it will be even better!
Yup, genstrings fails at synonyms not being synonymous in all languages. I was planning to solve that with macros which unique 'em.
Every now and then say, "What the fuck." "What the fuck" gives you freedom. Freedom brings opportunity. Opportunity makes your future.
Ahh wish I could too!!!! Hope you have another in the summer!!
I didn't :( But I am today!!!! The music is GREAT! Cannot wait to lay down the vox and hear it dine!
What the hell boobi mckee is wearing..space dress. Ice tee & Co Co class act couple..Corrine bailey ray looks amazin but hair.
hey packer backers, who's excited for this next year???
RT : Hard to improve every position, but #Bears have done nice job trying correct the issues that led to December collapse.
My butt.
Matthew is 6 weeks old and has a rare form of brain cancer. We met his mom last night. Please pray for this sweet little guy's...
u need a gf
blah, call in sick!
You don't give a fuck about haters, you say? What a role model.
You have everything you need to make mucho coolness happen today.
Get ready for Spring Break with a fabulous piercing! Come see us today!!
Thanks! Right now I would be totally pleased with the $1k you win for 3rd place.
heey girl can u follow me ? i'm of U.S.A !(:
can't promise yet but fingers crossed :)
where are you!?
yes lol do you need help?!!
Coffee, man
December 25, 1989 - Billy Martin dies in an automobile accident . Martin was 61.
“: I have so much energy today !” at least someone does...
fearlessly lead us in the direction you see fit
no problem you should check out
omg nick what did u drink before the new interview you guys where crazy <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
If your "shorts" don't cover any part of your leg you're wearing underwear , just FYI
Yes & that's ok! Sometimes u have to put yourself first! It's ok to feel pain, to reflect, to mourn & then find clarity & strength!
hahahaha that sounds so weird
Sound advice. Thanks for the reminder.
“: Ever notice how our minds play tricks on us? Fear makes reality seem so much scarier then anything really is.” -- so true!
#PlayersMoreClutchThanLebron Adam Morrison
black voters or black churches? I see lots being written about the established "leaders" - that seems more the wedge
“Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
RT : "Dave Grohl doesn't even mail in mail." ~
So, I read The Hunger Games in about 5 hours. I do not get the investment in this book at all. Interesting idea but poor realization.
Total bullshit! Damn it Butler!
What up Ricky??? Cool meeting you today..have a good night and good luck with the callback! :)
London is a place I've yet to visit.
NC vs NC State Kentucky vs Florida 2 great games!
My gf txt Like a granny.
With that setup,I can "ride" for several hrs (I'm in the middle of a 4hr "ride" now!).But yeah:it's hard to be excited abt it 2/2
email it to me?
Well you dont have my number anyway. One problem at a time methinks.
LeTip is having 2 power breakfasts w/all suburban & city chapters in Oct. If u want to sign up [$30 b4 Oct 15] let me know, I'll send form.
You called me ten times and texted me fifty. I obviously don't wanna talk to you.
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure makes misery easier to live with.
In both 2009 and again in 2010 the DREAM Act was reintroduced to the Senate
Does Windward also dabble in micrographics? Would love to hear more about what you do!
well look who joined the twitters!
My college resolution is to get amazing grades this year. I will do that by going to tutoring everyday!
A script-kiddie exploit every 6 or 7 years, that doesn't mess with any data, doesn't even register to me. YMMV. :)
“: thanks for helping with the ladies #timetorelax” <<<<yes indeed, it's #wine o'clock
If you want to destroy the recovery and the housing market, DO THAT. Idiots....
Seeing the boyz on that stage without Vin will tear me apart, they should bring him back, he experienced it with them the first time, y n
3s up... Boston got next
RT The average PC owner spends 50 hours a year troubleshooting. The average Mac owner spends 5 hours a year.
fabulous. i'll warn so Ferguson doesn't take him down.
You'll find me at lounge tonight with the crew! Hope to see I there:-)
Another insane nite is coming!The euro Family will be on fire as always!cant wait
RT : just received their 52nd A+ review on ! Congrats to the whole team!
NOTHING MUCH CHILLIN
Thank you all!
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 12
Dark. Can't breathe! MT Imagine a dolphin dancing in the sky [...] Think of yourself at the bottom of the ocean watching.
taking your talents to South Beach?
When is the baby due?
Boss is right! :)
He kept saying "it's no big deal." But you could tell by his eyes he knew it was.
not mine...cousin. The big oh-four...haha but thanks for the knid thought!
- that problem child/big ben poltergeist/sixth sense line was fuckin bonkers. i didnt even catch that when i was there
Strange thing happened to me...... I was outside skateboarding with my friends and I saw some ORANGE BALLS in the sky.
Monday sucks! Pass the vodka
What do we think? Am I gonna get to sleep on time tonight or are the #Canucks going into frakkin overtime again?
You're welcome! And thanks to you for the kind words - so glad you enjoyed #cni11f. Hope to see you in Baltimore, April '12.
If a player was on PS last year, then was cut cause of injury i.e. Adrian Battles, what is the protocol for them to come back?
Too much poetry will do that to a boy.
great brother what's new
That's not really a concern of mine
Been listening to for the part 2 days at least 10 times a day. :)
you can't spell #triplecrown without #RBI josh hamilton aka #REALROYHOBBS is in pace.
Mr. Wrong with the shit!
That tanned mom is burned as shit..
Thanks for spending Halloween with us.
Delain: Epic Metal Troupe&#39;s Third LP To See North American - Rock ...
#wiredwaffles offer a 100% Natural energy lift. 200mg of caffeine in each waffle!
HA! RT : please tell me they're calling it a "roBUTT"
PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE IM THE BIGGEST FAN EVERY AND I WOULD APPRECIATE A NOTICE
congrats on the funding!
Way to go, California! But our dairy is still better than your dairy.
This Monday is our next college PREVIEW! Tacoma campus at 6pm / meet staff, faculty, current students & experience a course! See u there!
#occupydcneeds Deep Cycle Marine Battery x2
nun you already know lol
That's spectacular!! Does that mean you'll be coming to DC soon? Can you come early and hang out w/ me?
He's another guy with a kind heart, and there isn't a single thing wrong with that.
Jim Browns daughter just farted on me.
*tweets at stop light* bloop bloop bloop *accepts ticket from cop to your right*
We should make this a weekly feature, really.
#whydohoes even bother to wear clothes....haha I just wanted to rhyme.
that is too funny! Miss ya
Tweet, facebook, linkedin Does anyone get any business from these? The FTB just told me I owe taxes cause the average income of R.E agents
Couldnt ask for a better brother <3
Cheers to your weekend! Enjoy and let us know about the adventures you will be heading on with your Vinchee Backpack
Where did you work at WQED? Old West Coast office?
If I ever say no to a burger, it's not me. It's a robot, alien, or particularly clever crow deceiving you. Run away or kill it immediately.
Totally normal to be kept awake over your choice of font, right? Cool. Thanks.
do you have a tumblr?
Hml bro when you free I'm bout to dm you my line
Been trying to pre-order the iPad 3, but the store is down. Not all that surprising, but still...
Woah, #Rondo is COMPLETELY out of line, and the TNT crew won't call him on it.
I sometimes wonder... how does it benefit me as a museum visitor to share a photo I took with the museum? Thoughts?
I started getting story alert emails this morning. They came in a bunch, so I think it's working.
getting in touch with my inner artist
- no problem. I'm excited about "ShoveBox"
you gotta get this game on your ipod #touchgrind. Youll get addicted
Got 2 keep it real like Peyton. Flip phone,bad skin&grill. RT colts like dweebs. Why didn't we get RG3 aka Andre 3000
hahaha cmon you know im kidding!!!!!........... I don't wear condoms
As I'm watching 'Odd Girl Out', I see myself in Alexa Vega's character..... :/
No big bucks required - let us know if you shop a royal ring so we can help find a good discount for you! :)
Hope you and all your classmates have a great time at Commencement! we're proud of you all!
Alright. Thanks!
And for the second time...
If Tim #Tebow stays in Denver to back up Peyton Manning, he is LITERALLY Clipboard Jesus.
good grief! whatever's on deck, good luck!
follow me please please
"Blessed are you donors, because the Kingdom of Maryland is yours."
yeah lol I'm just laying here reading your tweeds looking at his pictures and dreaming...
FILL IN THE BLANK WEDNESDAYS: My favorite book of all time is _______________.
thanks bro I appreciate it!
it's probably in your nose...got a neti pot?
Edinburgh Mall.(:
I was really looking forward to a time of reading kidslit galore and taking a break from academic history.
The time is NOW to call Solutions Mortgage 804-276-4146!
#oomf ion know what to do with him anymore
Tired as shit ready 2 go hme n put on ma spacesuit lol
Yes IT can be a struggle but I showed y I needed Mendeley or other sites & I took them brownies!!! It is all bout food
Enter TWEET20 to get 20% off anything at www.greatlakesclothingcompany.com spread the CLE pride!
Haha just like you!!!!
believes talking about oneself and one's career in a classroom is a very bizarre exercise.
Sea salt & chopped up licorice was clutch on today's run. Thanks for the idea !
All she want me to do is fuck da police ;)
so now a southern 6 yr olds voice is a speech impediment ? That lady is just wrong
For all those complaining about FTs: could it be that the Heat actually hustled more, got to the right spots, and played better bball?
Team LitFuse is working on some fun animations for the Canadians! We are going to be celebrating Canada Day!
Thanks a lot for following! Do hit you back!
...to serve God* and my country...
The weird moment when u go to do something, and when you go to do it you can't remember what you were going to do:D
You're awesome for listening to our music!
You make my heart Twitter.
It's bullsh*t that people get to be on a wheelchair just because they're fat.
Try to say good eye might without sounding Australian
Right now we're having a sale on Wall Decals and Stickers - Use coupon code THANKS30 when you check out to save 30% on your entire order. Ou
? what happened
Cheese is outstanding. It's like a vacation for your mouth. I would actually move to Tillamook to work in the factory. Truth.
There's always that one person who always catches you doing something weird.o.O
is wearing Raiders gear at work. Apparently doesn't realize how silly he looks. Staff secretly laughing behind his back.
your soul has no agenda.
#ripmarydirectioner is trending and she tweeted "bye life" like an hour ago.. She's probs just not online guys
Margaret D. Please play me?
House/dog sitting in Napa at chez Cadelago for the next week.
We've got Lemon Kissed in the store!! Miss Shauna even brought a sweet display. You're going to love it!!
I feel like I'm gonna be dead tomorrrooowwww
--- had a salad today from publix all it was missing a bubba truck... hope youre good!
That's a good idea. I'll tweet him that and let you know if he replied and what he said! ;)
I'm nervous to see him :/
Ever point to a cloud bc its a cool animal but the time everyone looks its clearly just a penis &by then ur the inappropriate perv pointing?
HAHAHAHA! Granny is trill
- you know, health and happiness for my family , friends and fans. And everybody else, too.
Chris, You got me and all my dogs and Dawgs in Chicago pullin for, Bro...
Linkedin LNKD and PCLN and CF Industries ALL BLOWOUT EARNINGS! All are up huge after hours. Rally is coming!
aha i do that all the time. (:
People without visions, hopes, dreams, ambition, or desire to win will go out of their WAY to kill yours.
<U+E415><U+E04F> RT : I can't wait to see what my cat got me for #MothersDay tomorrow.
Happy Mothers Day To My Special Momma ! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
The members in my"family" have some serious attitude problems!
August 30th, Silverlake Lounge, 10pm. We'll have oranges and Capri-Suns for everyone. Pee-wee soccer halftime style.
Boiling 200lbs of crawfish! Be sure to get down here early before all the mudbugs are gone.
glad you enjoyed the chat!
Kiss Peeta: Get broth. Sometimes it begins this way. Love is hard in war.
Giants offense has been silent in the 1st half! They need to step it up in the 2nd!
Yea true and Im truly Sorry i Just Lost it!!!
Writing a game, while writing homework. It just doesn't get more fun than this, does it? haha :P
oh. My. God. Farley's fruit snacks! Thank you for that awesome blast from the past!
NICE. Congrats on becoming a #JET. Cant wait to see you in NY. Best of luck!
of course
Let no one place judgement on you or take your true light away from you
"the credentialing stack will be disaggregated" - Matt Greenfield
Had some of my favorite things in my Bento plate @ lunch today, including terri chicken, sushi & good miso soup
just started following me on twitter, fingers crossed for a yfrog pic!
Next weekend is Memorial Day here.
I didn't think it was possible, but Maggie is still sleeping. Of course, I probably jinxed myself for mentioning it.
you better take this hug woman! You can't have my baby!
Can't wait to rip into my Beauty Box!!! It arrived in the mail a couple of days ago.
Get down to St. Andrew's tonight for Roc Stea'd and more.... You know who's hosting....
as always, thanks for continuing to rally for #kodak , we appreciate it so much!!
Casting sessions and auditions begin today.. Let's find faces for Tressa, Luke and Chia!
looking like stack'd as soon as tones is out of his meeting
how sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
looking forward to catching up 2day. See u at 11:30.
3rd and 6 for Ducks. Absolute MUST STOP
#BizDen2012 is completely sold out as of now! We are so excited for our event next week...#WeLoveEntrepreneurs! :)
how are you dear??
Sorry but emmitt kept himself in excellent shape and healthy. No way Ingram will be a pro for 15-20yrs
omg hey!!!
lmao your so weird = unique
James Blake's, 'Limit To Your Love' > Feist's, 'The Limit To Your Love.'
Excited for tonight's IQ debate! Do grandma's benefits imperil junior's future?
I'm not a butthole
Already done, yo. :)
2 male symbols together and on each side says " Love ( male symbol) Forever"
i am
making love faces
I love how Chris brown is trying to come back
cool (: where?
Just added two new live play questions!
Just what were you trying to say?
follow back
More like #DIOR hahha
#ThatOnePersonInSchool who can't post Facebook pictures without their boobs hanging out.
Wish this Dick Clark thing was one of those fake Twitter deaths
we're on for Live #TWEETUP 4/13 at 6pm on the patio. FREE taste for thoughts on New Cab Franc, #WineDeals & Draw 4 Concert Tix!
#ExpertVisibilityTip: Is your URL radio friendly? Would people know how to spell it and remember it?
I RT too much. More content. Agreed?
awww so sad... no face painting 2day! :(
What happened?
Shirley Murdock >>>> YOU DON'T KNOW ABOUT HER !
basketball distracts the hell out of me on Wednesdays
SADD in effect
"You, me, and all the kings and queens...buried in the junkyard." ::page france::junkyard::
the best gift to give someone is respect and attention
“: There should be a live feed of #edcampdet on the screen downstairs - just a thought” <--- on it!
How is it that you still can't share someone else's FB posts from within the FB mobile app?
YES SHE IS STFU!
Headed to DC for the American Library Association annual conference. 13,000 librarians in one place!
Pics of from Extreme rules and RAW b up soon x
I'm supposed to be cleaning room but lazy
oh, I think I missed something
Omg mommy, come get me!!! These bitches are loud and whining WTF?
Thank you . Look forward for reading your tweets also!
MAY IS *OLDER AMERICANS MONTH* AND ALSO MAY IS *HAMBURGER MONTH* IS THERE A RELATIONSHIP
A8: No I do not. I am anxious to learn from some of the other answers to this question.
To ease my mind I think Ill work on some photos. May go out and get some shots of the city tomorrow.
according to a handout I was supposed to give my parents in high school all the 2006 kids used "cico" coffee in coffee out.
"G-Money playing some games with the youngster."
“: toughen up” lol who u talking to??!
Think I'm starting to lose my mind again.....
Bocce sign-ups have officially started for spring of 2012!
I wanna see an orca in the wild.... So bad!!!!!
Watching bawl like a baby!!!
Be humble not stuck up
If we werent in the house of God i would say something different
have you had your finals yet or is it this weeks
Why is the song "Jump" being played at the flyers/devils game? Wrong sport, Mr. DJ, sir.
if you're still actively seeking, Kate is the perfect person to connect with. Definitely recommend coming in.
The only one who informed me was my ten year old brother. How sad is that!?
#Lectora User Conference less than two months away! Can't wait to see all the movers and shakers in #eLearning!
who ever gets both those right will win $3.50
What makes me mad is when i see a person that only 50 years old and they act like there 70 please!!!
can you blame me? I'm on trees!
Carving a strap, roses end to end. Wondering why I underpriced it so much. No profit. Still tons of fun! And it's going to be gorgeous.
Applebee's 2 for 20. Out for the birthday of my girlfriends roommate :/
its Christmas time, so Merry Christmas! ;)
The more often people talk behind your back, the more often you're on their mind. Be proud.
i'll be home on Saturday!!
« « R.I.P. Trayvon Martin Retweet if you see this & you care if not keep scrolling..»»
SC tell the state employees the truth about potential massive state job losses coming down the tracks. Germans will dictate policy
do you remember me?;)
Happy New Year! Have a wonderful and prosperous 2012!
Is it me or did put these rap bitches back on thr map again
Facts aren't optional when it come to health
“Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears.” Les Brown
Sometimes you fail to pick the right album for the moment, and sometimes you put on All Things Must Pass.
stop what you are doing a take a tme out!
Henry S. Haskins~ The time to stop talking is when the other person nods his head affirmatively but says nothing.
Lets see how the #49ers do...
OH and you definitely forgot TRUNK CLUB
Having a hard time getting through BSG. The Humans Keep Losing.
can I has some?
yeah should be at this week. may be a little late (7pm-ish?)
Headed to westfield to see SGezzy. Still waiting for that call from CAMP.
The birds are singing quite a symphony this morning. Bird-toven's 5th?
Kentucky v. Kansas begins at 8:20. Who are you rooting for? And when are you getting to Theory for 1/2 price wings and great drink specials?
you sound just like him!
": gota go Saito/Hawkins, shut down bullpen worth more then few HRs or RBIs. Oh and it would be cheaper!
Where my big head at? Who's representing #TeamHank in Portland? Anybody?
I'll fight you for a place at that table
Have a super happy birthday babbbyyy. !!!!!!!! Luva ya!!! Doll <3333
"Shout out to George hill rocking LeBron James shoes lol" hahah #AwkwardMoment when reads both names in 1 sentance.....
The feeding tube thing doesn't teach you how to eat right.
Thanks for following us! Day is crazy playing catch up after the show, how was the show for you?
There's a couple who met on Match on their 1st date sitting next to me.
we wish you were here (especially me) #danas bday !!!!!!!!
Awesome view!
in doing itt
I'm not high, my standards are. By the looks of your message (and your pictures) I'm thinking you were confused about that.
Good morning! #NURFC would like to welcome our guests from #OMA to our museum!
I'm on the Parking Spot shuttle. Fight on!
Ooh then yes I do remember you! haha
Yowzers -- I really need it to be noon on Wed. How'd 5p Friday get here so darn fast?
thank you for supporting #foster children in ! #charity #NYE2012 #party see you soon!
Who you are is falling over me, who you are is everything I need. I'm hoping, I'm waiting, I'm praying you are the one.
Scratch that, both of my legs go through hell.
Michael Jordan wore 23, Bobcats just lost their final 23 games....kinda eerie
Rain plus Obama = Horrible Traffic EVERYWHERE!!!
Danger Mouse producing Norah Jones's new album Little Broken Hearts is excellent news! They make incredible music together
Just tapped, Longboard Lager (replaces 1811 Lager)
The ABQ. International Balloon Fiesta starts Oct.3. I can't believe how fast time goes. I hope the weather does not get windy.
“: Apologies, excuses, I hate them both.”
I'm slightly concerned about my dog's mental health. She keeps choking on things and then trying to eat them again...
Follow me,If I'm following u
the Polish Hammer definitely!!!
I don't know!
No matter the faith, we must help those who suffer
Look like a girl. Act like a lady. Think like a man. Work like a boss.
you are welcome
I can't wait to move out and away from my family
I'm guessing they're artist/song titles?
Peace at last.
Thanks, Will. I think I'll have an easier time with Morello. Will fix my abstract soon.
"Dude those are some sick suspenders."
I know I already married my favorite Jewish guy but dang
actually he works extremely hard from what i can tell
Only if I know you guys get a cut.
#TeamTipsy...fuck it...I'M ON VACATION, BITCHES!!!!
RT : Being an entrepreneur is being able to CONFIDENTLY run towards a brick wall. - -- w/ padding & a helmet
Just saw a homeless guy holding a sign saying "I bet you can't hit me with a quarter!"
whip it
Garbage in Garbage out!
I don't want to just make love. I want to make love last.
Remember that time Felix Pie made a routine play in the outfield? Yeah, neither do I.
i now officially know what life was like for helen keller...
I know I'm chubby mom but you still have to feed me
Clouds just keep circling the earth around and around. And around. There is not much else to do.
RT I'm following via !!! Hollaback!
just bought #modernvintage boots from your killing my paycheck!
Yep. I was totally denied. And the dummies keep sending me their credit card apps in the mail.
um, Seran wrap!
Grinding as always fam! Getting ready for my LA trip next week
shirt,jacket,pants,boxers,socks,shoes
I can't tell if u r being sarcastic or not. : People are hilarious!!!
Humidity is the worst. #instantlysweating #phoneisfoggingup but I'm excited to see my family! (well, not as "excited" as #Tebow was.
Bryzgolav is not gonna keep the Flyers in any of their games. Offense has to find a way to score.
Woke up too damned early & am already exhausted before 11am.
I couldn't help It... KFC :(
hello! Love the new name and I'm following you now. :)
Listening to while practicing the guitar! Instructor Dan said I had to cut my nails short :(
It would be a beautiful day if it wasnt so windy
It's why we're friends.
Things you never want to hear. "He's passed out, hurry up get the lube.
I need to study to late now
noted, but could you file an issue? for now, you could use datePart() function together with numeric range facet
A big WITS Thank You to groceries for your stellar participation in the Poem a Day campaign. Your support of literacy ROCKS!...
Advertising and marketing to our target market segment is a lot harder than you think on twitter! Who really cares that much about cleaning?
Motor racing-Bahrain Grand Prix third free practice times
oh yeah I did say that lol I was asking for your keys to move your car
Him and --- I'm not usually a fan of platitudes, but these guys are always worth listening to.
the music isn't nearly as loud and obnoxious making me think it is a different event. I think it's the vegan event. Still loud...
When you play that Romney audio of him saying that "Obama promised Unemp under 8%", can you point out that that is a lie?
wasn't even towards you lol..
Oh hell no. I did NOT tweet about my money made from writing.
Thanks for letting me know about "Dan" confusion- I'll correct it.
Because they are brainwashed by the media
anything that organizes is a blast!
Amazing how u can just stare at a baby!!
Eh, i think 50 cent wack af. well anyways his recent music is shit ~.~ i like his old songs better .
Follow>>>>>> a great young graphic designer
Thanks, I'm glad you like it. Thought it'd be a great way to help people new to LA.
time to get off the computer & finish my laundry. I think I've taken a long enough break. Have a wonderful day everyone!.
why you askin' all them questions? assuming?
African Americans have a 32% chance of going to prison, Latinos have a 17% chance and Caucasians have a 6% chance.
HA! “: Anyone still making excuses for Heckert/Holmgren...please go cover yourselves in gasoline and light a match. #Browns”
At the dentist, the hygenist and later the receptionist told me I look like She & I both have clean teeth, that's 4 sure.
I wish there were credit union branches in City Heights.
RT Parents 'ignore Facebook age bar' [why do kids want to grow up so fast?]
definitely. Loved seeing the pissed Yankee fans after that Texeira K.
BlackBerry Internet Service... :)
I love it when my grandma texts me
It's a playoff atmosphere every game. Kinda awesome...lol.
That's fantastic. Data is power!
I feel for you. This little twit is my nightmare. *Be's scared to have kids and subsequently teenagers*
Last day of school today! yippy!!:)
Tehe I'm I LOVE with this guy he live in Jersey and his name is...............MADISON ALAMIA Tehe <3
I don't give a fuuuuck... good job tho
I know, bout time for me to start gettin nervous.
Congrats! I'd love to hear your talk at the upcoming AHA conference.
i don't think it was
Delayed #FF follow // Great advice for staying healthy from ppl who truly care about others.
ALWC Courageous Men's BREAKFAST this morning. Bout to crush some Bob and Angie's !
Does anyone have the first few seasons of pretty little liars? I wanna start watching that shit.
We're about to begin here at the FIU Soccer Stadium. #FIU vs
Had to claw my way to get to the rrp hummus. DC ladies, taking their time, selecting a hummus, putting it back, repeat..
Welcome to the Challenge Sheila Gullett in New Bremen, OH!! So so excited for you! You are absolutely going to LOVE it!
iPad3 and iPhone5, and if you believe the hype of AppleTV--3 crazy launches that will propel Apple into a new stratosphere.
Glad you like our food, you should follow us back to stay up-to-date on our monthly promotions and coupons!
Stanton with the walk off grand slam!!!!!!!
Glad that's over. Tired
see you soon!
school. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4> early dismissal today though! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
hahaha.....in last 21 years......almost become daily for me......:)
Steam by Peter Gabriel is on the radio right now. It is one of my favorite songs that never gets air play.
its funny how people count your mistakes & judge you as if they never made any mistakes themselves.
Callahan's students told about her death with their parents, counselors.
I cried when I watched the last Harry Potter movie.
TY! ": Thank you Tara , tireless advocate for the Ballpark Neighborhood residents and businesses. You are awesome! :)"
Can we stay out of the fucking box???
Make your mess your message!
Playing house in the ruins of us....
I hope his @ replies are nothing but pics of cocks.
don't be like that fam #lakeshow!!!
when u sum1 talking 2 himself/herself what do you think?
Ok, first problem w/ #kitchennightmares: Hampden is not "just outside Baltimore." please, TV people.
23 Days until HWI...register now at heartlandworshipinstitute.com. Don't miss this amazing conference with and many more!
looking forward to it!
N'western is like that pickup player that tries to take charges and calls over-the-back fouls.
hell!:D
His talent in assigning the blame of society's ills--drug dealing, , criminality--to teachers is masterful. Scary part-he has 16K followers
exactly! It's ridiculous! I owe approx 11% of the little I made, and that's just federal!
America we argue is sure doing fine, any issue we have we'll work out in time. USA you are free
Most things happen for a reason, others happen just because...
So #aasl15 folks, how's the weather in MN? See you soon.
I'd catch a grenade for you... <3 :)
I know #Tewbow is probably a truly great guy, but the media hype around him makes me love watching him lose. Or get traded.
Going on a shopping spree rite after long day at work in high heels is bad idea
do you have a pic of niall's fake tattoo?
can u stop teasing us we r on a volcano waiting for the single and u are teasing us btw OMG OMG IT SWILL SOUND GREAT LOVE U !!
I WILL FIGHT TILL forever. and i will neversaynever. and when you knock me down. i will not stay stay on the ground.
hilarious, right?! Had to share
You folks with your "yards"…how quaint!
I am so happy, thankful & grateful I got to be apart of Project Lodestar Sagas & can't wait to see it when it's done! Thank You!
whats up thanks for the follow
no sleep last night. broke down and got an americano. more like american-go today.
Sent off a story. I think I'm doomed to concentrate best between 1 and 6 a.m. Would moving to Moscow fix that?
Gorgeous st pattys day :) #springbreak12 Miami tomorrow!!!
haha 'hard enough' na I think its from Ava because she hit me with nerf gun
Thank you for giving us the
looking good here early in the second half.
Just touched an iPad, pretty cool. It's beautiful.
You are right , more filters can try but to no avail.
Need 2. PPR V.Jackson Decker J.Nelson S.Rice M.Jenkins Thanks Freaks!
RT : Vint Cerf: critical thinking is vital, we are attempting to make algorithms that pretend to do critical thinking
get em high is by far my favorite song ever I have it on
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy
HOW THE HELL AM I SUPPOSED TO GET TO YOUR FOOTER IF YOU KEEP LOADING NEW CONTENT?
:-) ....busy with business...as always!
I have a sneaky suspicion i'm the only one that didn't get the memo that 8 am class was canceled...
Did you know women actually started brewing beer first? Come to the Rubicon & learn all about Women in Brewing tomorrow!
Mom watching ET: "U should be on this list." Me: "What list?" Mom: "The world's most eligible bachelors."
Bad day 2 drive to N. Station in Boston - seems like #Northeastern folks haven't heard of #MBTA! Wasn't prob for me
How come Gamma can't kill Clay her own self?!
Lessons from NFL Draft: the choices you make today will determine your future success. Pick your team wisely.
why would I tell you so yiu can go and Holla? That's his m.o he like what others had. Shady dude but we fam
I need some sunshine in my life.
2013: The year when the movie 2012 will be moved from the action section, to comedy section.
3 miles and felt completely fine. I could have done more but I was scared to run at night alone.
Dupont. Yes, Dupont. Oh, did you hear? It's Dupont. Dupont! #DCDrinkUp ;)
including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and general corporate securities procedures and processes
Thanks for following me :) you may also want to follow We are here when you need us! Thanks, LM
When I have an #OreoMoment it's bittersweet because I'll eat 30-40 cookies and then lie around like a sad beached whale.
By the time I have money to burn, my fire will have burnt out
This is the best birthday in 35 years!
sure, what do you think is best? I'm still learning the ropes...
Hope you have an amzing trip girl~~~
#IfItWasntForTwitter I would be sitting here watching Greys anatomy , skipping class <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Sorry guys, my acct must have been hacked. Disregard weird messages! Sneaky bastards!
I know right. I thought he liked tenis for some reason lol
leave her alone, she's my new bff. go back to the toilet bowl or i'll flush u lololololol
oh it all makes sense now lol
So you're the one who choreographed Justins sexy dance to boyfriend? Omg THANK YOU so much! And for the hip thrust too ;) lol
Excited. Thanks.
Don't forget! Milwaukee Likemind & SMCMilwaukee present this Fri morning at 7:00! It's early, but its worthy....
I went out with this guy this weekend, and we saw a movie. He was a bit boring though :C
and you need to tweet this why?
Looks like he's showerered and cleaned up. unless, he's showering at truck stops.
OMG i had the best DAY !!! Went on the Big Drop at the Fair #Yolo!
Tire on my SUV came apart at 70 mph. Vehicle packed full of music gear, spare tire beneath gear. Back on road in 25 mins. Ha!
Great seeing San Diego's own last night. Glad you enjoyed the !
Spurs are the best team in the NBA, because of their overall depth, but they alsohave big time stars, and plenty of playoff experience.
Lowkey It Feel Like We Go Out in It Seems like it .....
I miss u
Would love a report! RT : Headed to morning workshop on effectively utilizing #TDMLs as tool to stop trash. #RiverRally 2012
Awesome! Have a safe and fun trip. Tell Ashley congrats again for me.
Happy birthday!
A lot positives on Dave's acceptance speech too! RT : I will admit very few negative comments on The Foo.
Everything I'm not made me everything I am
Poor Memphis.
come east, sir. I'd love to hang out sometime in the forseeable future.
Patience is a talent.
LOL aren't you supposed to be in bed, old man? :)
The art of art, the glory of expression and the sunshine of the light of letters, is simplicity. ~Walt Whitman
My dreams: 1. go to Austin's concert. 2. Meet Austin. 3. Hug Austin. :$. I hope they come true <U+2665>
Yes,but good intentions don't go unnoticed.If I'm giving you repeated chances & you're not making an effort its frustrating
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089> why is your Avi of Aniesha?
all we have to do is just have the tickets in our hands<U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
great to see u today, chk ur email when u get chance, john
I think those little white hankies that the fans are waving are surrender flags.
I Need People For My IB love story .
Seen Kanye West tonight out at the "T" clean Bentley and all.... Amazing experience
Today is your starting point for a Great tomorrow! Coach Terry Harris
Can't wait to hear with tonight!
I coulda swore I saw your cousin the other day flying through Miami? Said he won a sales contest and was going to Cancun
How many people have attended a trade show in the summer months?
Write for the chunk, not for the page. -
Today is bryans birthday! Wish him a great one! And kingsport show wed night! Get stoked!
are you a part of this?? : Why are these people chanting "we are Marquette" at the brewers game? Sit your ass down
You're never in a good mood..
Q1: grey lenses are best
- Hey Hunter, who was lucky number 9000 on Friday. Looked like it might be me, but sometimes hard to tell on Twitter!
i love watching make over shows
Hey there thanks for the follow. I watched the Study trailer, looking good. Curious, what'd you shoot Study with?
ill will donate 75 cent to ya Ryan.
My live album comes out in two weeks! Wait, I don't have a live album. Nevermind.
Jalal al-Din Rumi ... that would be TOO cool if you were writing a column about him.
"If your work looks like everyone else's, you will get less of the work" so says Allegra Wilde
Baby who u trynna fool?
One loves it, one, eh, not so much, haha. But they are both smart, lovely and sweet :) I'm a very lucky woman.
Lol, Love you too boo (:
Strangely non-painful experience at motor vehicle bureau today. Not quite sure what to do.
- - alright, this is my 2000th #Tweet!! Holla. Hard to believe that I just started using this thing last July.
Lol, you better hurry up! I'm sure their moms will be calling them in soon so their grilled cheese doesn't get cold.
so much wonderful technology!! @
RT : THOUGHT FOR TODAY: "In a competitive environment, to remain the same is to regress." -Bill Parcells
haha, my bad. I'm glad I've known for since the freaking 4th grade.
“: Go #bulls. --Hoist a local beer for the game! Goose Summertime is still Chicago-brewed, , or fresh Zombie Dust!”
Broncos in the playoffs .... easy first round for the steelers.
Bittersweet- the home I grew up in Abilene is now on the market. Memories & stories that will never be erased.
don't chase these hoes they'll take your money and spend it with another nigga<f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
Good start for #Cotto I would say
Never. Why would you even suggest such a thing?
Dallas and lakers I take neither.
For a second, I thought Boehner was Ron Swanson from Parks & Rec.
i did girl
Friday poll question: How do you handle toddler tantrums?
He's either looking for hats for his bats or is being brought back on to save 24
TIME TO CLOSE THE DOOR... LET'S GO SEND THESE BUMS FISHING...!!
Do you guys have any special Mother's Day projects that you're doing?
Wow, How jealous am I? MT: Tickets for our summer concert series with , and more are on sale now!
in little rock...he dont fuck wit me lol...have u heard of the graphic designer kid8?
Youve Madee The Greatest Music Video in the history of Music Videos.
thanks, glad to not see any hecklers in the crowd!
oh aiit so are yhu okaii and nice to meet yhu x
isn't that some new jack swing song? lol
Everyday is a busy day
Had an awesome production meeting today with Excited to reveal more soon...
those are the best kind of friends to have!
Still SO SUPER DUPER GEEKED about your news! Hope you slept a wee wink last night :)
's A Minor Bird- listened all during wedding week, through honeymoon, and now while setting up home. will forever mark this time!
“ Retweet if you've ever dropped your phone and tried to catch it with your foot and ended up just kicking it across the room.”
My boyfriend is look real sexy today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
And go #Orioles! But you know that.
Behind every intelligent woman are all the L I E S she heard that made her smarter.
Exactly. I hate that.
Woke up & realized #playoff loss wasn't just a bad dream...oh well there's
Your EVIL! for eating spongebobs house. And leaving him homeless. Not cool bro not cool! :/
Freakn angel,hes hella stupid lol.Man i didnt no all of them missed me this week.
Another great DRC. I've got a lot to think about--the mark of a good meeting. Well done everyone.
dnt let this happen again lol
Do U think JB..will come to middle east ??
If you remember and can help me out with that screen I would ever so appreciate it
People we are thankful for: awesome actor and associate producer
so coach, we're all in suspense. Who won?
hahah o man. I didn't even think of that. I might just have to hover and aim <U+E105>
Site "What the Trend" lists hashtags in use to help you find a group of people having similar conversations on Twitter,
inderp. Due today.
I can't believe I gave out all of my business cards at ! Such an amazing two days! I can't wait for next year!
for english or hebrew campaigns? Two totally different things- but both done out of
Hocus Pocus. Childhood fave. Such a great way to end October!
To early..
LOL yes! RT : I think you should reward yourself with a snack + tea :)
That wouldn't fit in my lenten discipline. Enjoy
Yeah, I just had a very rude awakening. My parents better not even look slightly in my direction at this point lol.
lol that's great!
:) are you coming to Punk Rock Bowling?
I bought Skechers shape-ups and my dick is no skinnier than it used to be.
Love my friends- "It’s the shit upon which Disney channel was founded."
#lifevineworks thanks for following :)
“Love is like a spiritual gift that starts in the mind and finds its way through the heart center to physical expression.”<U+2015>Allan Lokos
Philadelphia bound ...
The other 2 make up for it just fine, thank you.
My superiors have told me this will be the Tweetup of all Tweetups. I am working on codes for this operation. There must be no infiltrators.
Heading to Lexington to talk to students about the challenges facing public libraries. No shortage of potential topics.
of course anytime :)
I think it was 8102.
Nice! Try adding some basil. Best with swiss or gouda though.
Watching the Chicago Marathon from my balcony is cool...but if there were bulls chasing the runners it'd definitely be more entertaining.
Make some more room in that purse for money by going digital on those flashcards.
I'm thinking of getting it tonight from Viviani's Catering (where I got those Italian steaks). Carry out only. Interested?
Where are we going? RT #teamburnham Who's ready to go? #letsskidoosh!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'd rather not be woken up by a blaring episode of Prison Break
Mr Boehner & GOP need to listen to Warren Buffett and allow the super rich to pay their fair share. History supports this!!!
killing off ten #apps you've never heard of. Oh Yahoo...
good seeing you briefly. hopefully next time will catch your tunes.
Going to see dress rehearsal event tonight launching her world tour
Just finished a radio interview with WCLO about the upcoming release of my story on Occupy in WI for Look for the story on Sun
same:( he even told me he was going to.
#LifeWouldBeBetter if everyone would make music instead of anger!!!
@ perry, this time I read it and thought examination, inquiry, scrutiny, and research
A5: Much like we do for most students w/ some IT skill. Focus on critical thinking; appreciative use; and skill building.
yeah I do. ;D
My good support experience with Jawbone ended today. Really bad. I've requested a complete refund for the two UP devices we bought!
lol I got them son....
that's not you
I got my picks for tonights games on #TNT video blog up soon #Knicks #Bulls #Thunder and #Blazer fans #NBA Fan check me out #RT 7
BUILD IT!!
Wondering if I can fall back into being intrigued by twitter.
The lord blesses us in so many ways, it just may take a little bit to figure out all the bad that he really can turn around for good!
Going to see the Avengers finally (:
Congrats in advance!
tell us!
Romulan - Sold Out
I'm sleeping in oomf T shirt tonight
#Typeyournamewithoutvowels if Y's a vowel then: Dln If not then: Dyln
i can finally spell your last name by heart, omg.
RT : RT : Irregardless of what y'all may think, impactful is totally a word ;-)
The Making of a Multimillionaire Luxury Travel Mogul (Video) In 'Trep Talk, David Mendal shares how he turned a tiny travel agency into a
#FF Thanks for following me this week, I look forward to talking with you.
BROWN JERSEY? That's for the Cleveland Browns...we're hard core black! I like the white jersey idea, tho!
follow me so i can dm you
perfect Friday night daddy date. Enjoy Dean.
Injuries 2 the HEAT? Uh oh GOD got a plan 4 I think the SPURS gon have injuries 2 I wonder if GOD told 2 go 2 OKC??
Common sense isn't all that common.
/ I will get it taken care of! I just got registered on the site.
Phoggy Wisdom: Red Brains, Blue Brains: Republicans Are Stupid ...
Brad, "coward" is off. Have you or a loved one ever experienced clinical depression? Not as simple as you say. Not even close.
Christmas movie tickets on sale now
Thank you for the follow and
You don't like me? Oh, that's cool. I don't wake up every morning just to please you.
We are now serving Chocolate cheesecake! We will let you know as soon as we put the Raspberry, Orange and Watermelon in as well!
“: #HowAboutWe stop pretending and just be together.”
look at the sprint phones
Thanks for volunteering! Our PALs are amazing! :)
Oral gets you 16 points? What does full on anal get ya?
explaining patch process for #kohails at non-tech level.
• Who's on your mug?
Me too =) hopefully with the summer they will want a little sleeze in there shop!! heres hoping! haha
#idontcarewhatpeoplethink at all...
To keep the body in good health is a duty...otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. - Buddha
There is only one success: to be able to spend your life in your own way, and not to give others absurd maddening claims upon it.
Today's Legal Tip: Interview Questions that are not allowed: are you married? planning to get married? have ?children
Caught a great improve show over the weekend at UCB...Sentimental Lady was the name of the troupe...a guy named Alex Berg was standout!
thanks to for an amazing concert in the atl last night. you guys rocked.
yea it was awsum... I jus got out of cirque du soleil & it was amazn... i scare germs away da next time i c u i ll yell ...
We the people! Get to the polls today and make your voice count.
#Recovery is a whole series of storms, storms that help to sprout new growth; storms that flush clean our own clogged drains. -Karen Casey
No offense but I'm ready for Coachella to be done, seems like its been going on for a year.
Ft. Worth Home and Garden Market opens Jan 29!! Don't Miss out,FIRST 500 TO ARRIVE GET A FREE "GOODIE BAG" w/ coupons, IPODs, cameras & More
I'm not going to look re: Dana Loesch b/c so far the day's been peaceful. O.K. I may look later.
hahah shudduppp c: lololol. i have to edit it!
Good morning, Crown Point!
& everyone else on Godin book kerfuffle: the platform-ization of books sucks. Period.
Time is Money if your not there you aren't making any
Yes! is following us! Sorry, Mr. Copperfield, you're actually follower No. 101. But you're still No.1 to us!
Faith - Not having to see the whole staircase to take the first step.
Got it, looking at everything right now. Also, you should connect with 's looking for an internship-can u help?
Love your song "spelled it Out" lyrics are just Beautiful thank you for your contribution
Aye DM me numbers. 1 = I want a relationship. 2 = I like you. 3 = your cute. 4 = We need to talk more. 5 = you're a good friend.
did u go to the doctor?
And then there was one :/
Woke up with a serious case of the Mondays and judging by the tweets, a whole lot of others did too.
Do you realise how much us Mahomies appreciate you<3
I'da DMed you, but you aren't following, so not allowed.
Finally buying prom tickets.
Well hello stranger .
What have you snacked on today?
hell ya its been a while ready for a good city darty sesh
Dear nows your time to follow your biggest fan (;
do you think i should get pizza. i am considering it, but i just took a nap.
great shot! love that town.
Last night of !
I know I won't get noticed from u,but without u,there wouldn't be a 1D.Your a great addition&you should know that.iloveyou<3
Glad that you had a great time last night- very good to see you again!
We are looking to extend our network to individuals who would like cooperate in building independent music!
Both LA teams closed.
FLY LOUNGE!!!!
Just announced Michael Finley to endow an athletic scholarship at UW. Thank you A great #badgers legend!
You are welcome!!
iThink I'm ready for a phone with buttons .
I love the people in my life. Thanks for all the support guys!
We have a great live show on tonight check us out!!
"If you build it, they will come and go"
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? 303
Leadership - What you cannot enforce / Do not command.
50% off pitchers of sangria TONIGHT!!!
Warning accepted :)
As da world turn watch my kush burn
Had a blast last night !!
Congratulations to the ALCS Champions, the ! We're glad to see them headed back to the World Series!
Anytime! Thanks for following
TRIVIA TUESDAY on Border W/Ben Mendoza,, Robert Vasquez, Rudy Loya. Tomorrow THERESA CABALLERO! Best shoes on campaign trail
I Never Wished On A Star When A Star Aint Got Nothin On Me.
"Never Google your name."
There's much more to this story <3
Finding 27 bucks in my old purse
Sleep caught hold of me & wouldnt let go. Oh well sleep all day up all night
do you live with Ian in the same house??
USA put into the scrum 5 meters from their own try line
This guy in my class has to be a mole, just trying to throw everyone off
I miss my original home,BRASIL;/ I came here when I was only 7 years old... and its been already 7 years... I love it here but i miss brasil
Gary Churchill from Jackson lab spoke about using the 100k genotyping array to study genetic variation in commonly used mouse strains
I wish Raul could go with me ._.
Crazy day! Rescued the bulldog from falling in the pool, left iPhone on top of the car as Xavier drove around with it...LOL!
Hmm Flordia for spring break by myself....
Used to read The Wasteland to his kids for bedtime. Kids need to know.
more tracks
When a guy actually carries the conversation >>>
Can I get a WOOT WOOT!!!
listening to at liberty entrepreneur event "Barry gets ur business unstuck"
Nice piece/ ideas, but there were 10.4m streams, not viewers. More like 1-2m viewers. <$10/ year is a good target though.
Tune in at 11:45...We're going live to watch the Discovery's last landing at KSC.
RT "HTML5. You keep using this word, but I do not think its means what you think it means."
I had not seen them. I'm following now! Are you following 's boards?
-a man is a man; not GOD nor Satan.. stop giving these men so much drama.. give 'em more life & less attitude..
Maybe it's not Brooks Conrad... MT - trying Taylor Green at 1B in A, to see if he can take over for hurt Mat Gamel.
yes, please do! also, please include your full name! thank you so much!!! <3
Hey All A Message To You All: I normally would like to take mail at or Thank you
I'm proud of you :-) What city you in
I think I'm going to turn off my bedroom light before my kids do.
"Would you rather be underpaid or overrated?"
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret to outward success. Henry Ward Beecher
#Becauseitsfriday I'm gonna watch the last episode of Glee and eat cookies.
Who's ready for some football?!
An everyday ritual for me! Lol! “: I let my hunger level reach a 10 and there's no food in the house. #fail”
Come on, there has got to be at least one business like show business
Palindrome of the day: "No, Mel Gibson is a casino's big lemon." #learning (same letters front and back!)
Wow... The #Yankees have made their biggest comeback at Fenway since 1987 ~ swishing my tail & cracking open the acorns!
We have extended the early bird discount ($50 off tuition!) for Ladies Rock Camp applications to January 12th! LRC is Feb. 18-20th 2011!
What kind of plans do you have for the weekend?
I love it when you fight. Fight Night in Vegas is off the chain.
Every time someone uses the #SXSW hashtag a new location based app is released.
Dear niall horan , i would like a shirtless picture. Love, brielle schmidt.
Yeah, she's pretty great...
Holy absolute FUDGE! (only I didn't say fudge)!!
It's so peaceful in the Hollywood Hills! Love training clients there!!
Just returned from Nashville. Had a wonderful time
Hands down, I'm too proud for lovee
Thou shalt question everything; nothing is above challenge.
Looking for Speaks on Cloud Computing for our next meeting April 25th at Northwoods Software Company
You can cry tears of happiness, but not laugh in the face of sadness.
love it.
DC Public Affairs + Communications Jobs: Just Steer Clear of the ...
FREE Scooter Rental Challenge in the works.......STAY TUNED! www.buenavistascooters.com
I probably can! What kind of food you looking for?
#TeamAaliyah There will be another Aaliyah remix finished tomorrow!
Lol who watches korra this late at night? (x
I should take the day off tomorrow! I got some personal and vacation time to use!!!
The Lord is way to good for me to walk away now. my blessing is in my praise.
Ugh so sad I forgot my tea :(
Out to dinner with the fam :*
who switched today?
done and done. Looking forward to it.
We are young!!
Reading so many books again, including Pilgrim at Tinker Creek. "The woods were as restless as birds."
Word. RT Cherry Blossom 10 miler this morning! and I are going to kill it!
We can't cover the sun with our <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0086>
I think it said chilkoot Charlie's? Which is weird.. But I wasn't really looking
gonna get a hundo on the firefighters test on saturday
yeaa pretty but i couldnt go to school i'm sick :(
RT : You have to put in many, many, many tiny efforts that nobody sees or appreciates before you achieve anything worthwhile.
Remember when the beefy five layer burrito was only 83 cents? Now it's 1.29.
Move from NY to Columbus Ohio
More useful than the poorly calculated table is the ensuing discussion in the comments section.
Well the Kings would be nice. Cousins and Evans are legit. Crossing my fingers this happens asap. Still not over losing Durant.
ha thanks :D
I hate not bein in control, ion no why
Mancini has praised Tevez for his improved attitude and fitness and the two appears to be back on good terms. [Goal]
Starting tomorrow
this semester couldnt get any worse as far as my personal life.. im just glad granny is gonna be ok..
it's a song lol
My chest hurts. >_>
hair cut swagg
WI Twitter friends, does your local grocery store sell the reusable bags like the red ones found at Target? 2ndly, are they Packers/Brewers?
are they moving?
Don’t waste your time on a guy that isn’t willing to waste his time on you.
so turns out i've been tweeting at epdavis sometimes
Good programmers write solid code, great programmers use code written by good programmers :P
so nervous already! But it'll be fun first time in 11 years since an audition. Only been singing for church.
I'm writing a reasearch paper and whats up with you.
The Heat is only team left in the East that I could pull for. I'm #TeamThunder until they're out though.
wish I could retweet this one! Awesome!
TY for the kind mention
presenters said yes, data exports to excel
Yeah but he also knows that it doesnt work well....
Get out of the way, take care of yourself, and allow problems to resolve on their own.
“: Beastie boy mix on right now! Listening to it for the 2nd time today.”
penis, purse dog, hair extensions... pick 2 out of 3.
SO proud of YOU! Remember that most of this is mental. I know you will do an amazing run for freedom. Very cool.
where's the pic of bradlee?
Jersey shore got their Vinny back, now the boyz need to get their Vinny back
Thanks Rachel! This actually (hopefully) part of the process. I've found that if you dig deep anywhere you get mixed signals!
Find ways to constantly be emotionally close to each other. Take walks, actively listen- make each other your #1 priority.
? I was just responding to your tweet about burying treats in a sand-filled pool but covering it so roaming cats don't use it
M.I.A. really showcases the importance of girls to wear chains. I should wear mine out more often.
thank you we will be on iTunes next week!
is listening to sing Bird Without Wings!! Can't believe it has been 4 years!! :-D
he is a fuckin killer Who took lil girl n slave them to have sex n take boys to be in his army n make the kids kill there parents
does having to work harder than most people doing the same "job" make me admirably persistent, or stupid? :P
She can have black bean burgers with us. :-). RT : Hey ! U coming 2 UNC game 2moro. Come tailgate with us!
Im trying to find it but i cant D;
-- I'll take a look at the app. Thanks for the reference and for tweeting #CCTC&C today!
You the kinda girl that makes me feel good (:
don't quit music love <3 it's break my heart forever </3 fuck the haters. It's your life. Do what makes YOU happy. <3
Welcome to Twitter! Now add a pic and tweet something :)
Thanks for the RT!
Blaise knows me so well..i luv this dog..so glad she chose me for her mother
So glad it wasnt canceled RT : Yay!!! It's #Parenthood time!!
np You folks are awesome!
White girls on the come up lmao
Talking to about the new music video that just did is making me #losecontrol.Lets all just #losecontrol party
Come on by!
sounds like fun. Im just listening to music.
I like, don't tweet anymore.
World Aids Day 2day :) i wore my ribbon <3
#ThingsIwantTheMost Universal Healthcare for all Americans who want it. This should be a basic human right, and not a privilege.
no shit I did bad because you was crunching away
Carltons got swag
i think the vip gonna b on sale toma cause my mom was online at 10am and VIP was showing up
"Anyone who is among the living has hope--even a live dog is better off than a dead lion!" - Ecclesiastes 9:4
just hit the stage at August Wilson Center and I'm hungry!!
who's seeing/saw in concert?! i'm going on december 13th! :D
One day till show? Check Having to spend all day getting ready? Check Nervous? Double Check!!! Can't believe it's so close! Excited! =) <3
that wish for an endless night
I love my Mavs. I dunno how people can hate on them! They're above and beyond amazing
Wild Wednesday starts at 3:30-5:30. Curious about this League game that's taken the library by storm? Here's your chance to join in!
Now presenting at #afcpicma, former Etsy CEO on Digital Disruption.
Doubled my following in 24hrs! If you know me you know I'm random so this is the perfect medium. Follow if you will, but you were warned...
Best hug-a-thon ever.
Cool Stevie call any time.
Right back atcha!
Ice cream dlu ah.
im ok didnt sleep well tho x
yeah that was jus the one company. Im gonna look more tomaro ill keep u posted
Audiences gain responsibility for institutions through mobile platforms. "Not just in a pocket, but in peoples' hands."
And one the bright side I have good friends....and you now not having me as a friend have no one
How come RTW doesn't take 18 months to implement, like a smoking ban? Must be an easier adjustment than ashtray removal.
No Joshua should had stayed this why I dont watch #idol no more and its #greyanatomy time
that is freakin
Interesting. The latest #WordPress trunk I just pulled down includes yet another Admin bar. Are they planning on absorbing #BuddyPress, too?
#happy <3 day tweet peeps!
same for us. Apparently overdeveloping is a waste of time + resources but then they get mad when we don't have back ups...?
Procrastination technique 4,276: called my bro's family. Niece said she's too busy to talk now-but don't call her later-she'll call me.
At home what to do. Pretty bored but at least with my wife
RCS is taking over the air waves!
How do we reduce the affects of harmful toxins in our food? Do we have to worry as much about what it does to our bodies?
Being prodded to tweet and blog again...not a bad thing :)
Never, ever fly out of Newark. Walk if necessary
Rotary Fireside Chat at our place tonight! Welcome Point West Rotarians!
Goin for the sweep tonight with a win in rummy
I'm bored and apparently so izz twitter somebody talk to me please<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Goosebumps up in the booth. the fans are bringing it today! Let's get all 3 points boys.
Apparently I'm too optimistic when it comes to companies and the world
at Jazz at the Bistro this weekend. Who'll be checking it out?
Kreider does it again!
It's great that Monday is finally over. Unfortunately tomorrow will only be Tuesday...
LMNS: Check out, , a sample sponsor of LMNS. A magazine that embraces the journey of womanhood....
Happy Tuesday! It's definitely lunch time at Kuko's!
Just picked up Mama J from the airport. YAY!
At UCSD Institute of the Americas for conversation w/ US Ambassador to the Philippines Harry K. Thomas Jr.
National Puppy Day?! YES.
my phone wont stop RINNGGINNNGGGGG
Fuck this phone
today at 9 lol :) im excited
So did little girls. My mom still has her cap guns.
only in the south.
We look forward to welcoming you guys before you head to Austin for
When this is over they are all going to fly home to Planet Gridiron where they will feed on the broken dreams of Patriots fans
Yes I go to school I'm still in high school I graduate next year n I live in UK (united kingdom), London how about u
Interested in #publishing a #photo story on my May #adventure to #India? Let's talk! Amazing photos are waiting to be snapped & published!
Great practice last night for our show tonight at Plush. SO excited! #SuzieCue, #SheilaShahpari, and tonight!
Drinking some Mexican coffee from Union Majomut, a co-op in the Chiapas region of Mexico. Very very nice cup.
If you act like a boy & you think you a boy , why do you act so damn bitchy , lol
oh it's no big deal or anything hehehe <U+263A>
thanks :D
Good morning all!!! It's officially Little 5 week. Enjoy the spoils of BTown!
Baby you light up my world like nobody else. <3
By contrast, something smells like chili and it could LITERALLY be anything.
Today I am feeling especially thankful for allergy medicine.
Here in Israel to perform at the Jazz international Ashdod w Orchestra. Cool people.
Send me your music.
Might be worth talking to an insurance broker; if you know any freelancers, they might could recommend
Students must learn how to have healthy discussions and it is the teacher who can provide a safe atmosphere for 2 sides of the story
is whack for leaving me bogus like that!!! lol. its coo tho. :p
" The true measure of a man is not of material possessions but of whether he keeps his word and honor as a man. "
i know! I bet Asheville is in the streets!!
i want you to do a following spree too! ;D
thanks for always rting me (:
you were missed. Next time we'll get Zwan to play
and I just watched the most hilarious video of you Thanks for the entertainment and I wish you could join us tonight
Be bold and put a cover on your phone that shows your faith! Only $10 and $1 of every cover goes to local churches and ministries.
Mitt Romney knows how to create jobs like John McCain knows how to win wars. Both never did what they profess to know how to do.
Congrats! Where at cuz I need a new one too lol
Wow 10 tweets till my 52k
Welp, ill be at the game friday.
ur gift is the unique, collectiv combo of natural talent, traits & curiosity. ur purpose is 2 share THE BEST OF WHO U ARE w/ those around u!
Washington asks that soldiers return their tents when moving into their barracks for the winter. The Qt. Master Gen. will wash and mend them
Thanks, we hope to be resource in the months to come, let us know what issues interest you!
I'm in a hospital with pain, not sickness - to clarify. They ARE different. And I don't like being dotted on. But welcome visitors!
Thank you for the follow!
A paradox a day keeps the time traveller away
Job hunting is like having a full-time job minus the pay!
BURNED (Lens on Talent) airs on BET tonight at 11 pm EST! Check your local listings if you live in LA. #burnedthefilm www.burnedthefilm.com
Nyjer Morgan keeps the bat on his shoulder and watches strike 3 go by.
pretty neat Gaawy.
So sad to hear about my friend's boxer passing away today. Had to give Vegas an extra hug and treat today.
ah!!!!!! Can't wait for California sun! Just in time too. Winter is about to finally hit Northern Indiana!
Me thinks the upstairs neighbours must be athletes. Thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, thud, pause, THUMP! They seem to be practicing long-jump.
have to make the game to gave some fun!
To handle my endeavors duh lol
thank u
At work ready to get off...aghhhh
get it brother keep the good work up
Love Tom Sleigh's poetry so shout it out! Thx Nathan for tweeting out.
it must be. Im over it.
Just beat my daddy in chess.
I just realized that the "Chris brown" on my wall is missing the last two letters. Lol need more stickers
heading out to a haegerstown, MD gig then it's back 2 the studio 2 get at some tunes. Back in the swing of things after my vacation.BOOM!!
na it was not bad...they thought it was funny that you said you would
Yay! Congrats! I knew you were going to get it! =D
This has been on hell of a game Preds-hawks the Preds need to close this out though
Justins photo shoot was too sexy for my ovaries.
You rawk, Tankmeister! Best of luck in Arizona. Bring a streak back to S.A.!
Thanks for shopping! Hope you scored some awesome gear!
Imagine a poll or live vote from a constituency for every legislative decision that happends in the United States, representatives informed
lol I think they did....
I want to talk to babe about this right now . But, he's sleeping and, I'm not going to wake him up . <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Rowan is fucking stupid he said "did Abraham Lincoln free the slaves?" lmfaoooooo
congrats on becoming a paid regular
Can't decide to get bangs or no bangs!?! Aghhh
Hello from SoCal, and thanks for your warm welcome from the Bahamas! We look forward to tweeting with you!
gunners rule too
RT : Mariano Rivera is being carted off the field with a right knee injury suffered during batting practice
Kevin Gregg loves danger.
When you hear and song from guitar hero on the radio and just blurt out GUITAR HERO
please follow he was my vocals teacher. thank you for the support
Thanks everyone who rode a Party Bus for another successful weekend! Make your next event a success by scheduling a Party Bus now! 447-2446
The first lifting group really got after it today. Let's see if the later group can keep the same intensity level as the first group.
If you lay down with #dogs... you'll wake up with #fleas. wait for a good man to come.
The reason why Purchasing for Low-priced Auto Portions On the ...
Celebrate the people you love everyday not just today. Happy v day
Stop with all the copycat photos, women! I mean, unless we all do it...no, let's just stop.
u were teasing us before and now u showed us the #BELIEVEalbumCover and its just teasing us even more! i want the damn cd now!
I don't want to move. He is gonna be closer to me but farther from me. I don't care if he's closer to me he need his friends.
I'm about to cross the Mexican border but I'm so nervous because I don't drink tequila. How am I gonna have fun on the other side?
Its quite upsetting that all the 7th graders in my school act like they're in 10th. We are growing up too fast.
Lots of interesting and good-looking people at iccreatives.us
: don't know what the hell im doing or how it work
#OKC is the coolest place ever!
we need Chris hands down he Is a big part of our team
YES !!!! About to rock out !!! ": Yay! Me and are going to Birthday Bash in June!"
“: U wanna win hang amongst winners”/!!!
Oh....wait a minute...." I have LOTS of "black" friends!!! Yea...right!
hi im in science class and i snuck on to see if you were on and LOOK you are online!!!! yayyy<3 you made my day=)
come to portland!!
YEAH! Growing the health care and medical equipment manufacturing sectors, FTW!
#avenge #avenges #avenged #have avenged #was avenging #shall avenge
So I just realized only 10 more days of school left and then its summer <U+2600>
Uncle Sam! Did u pay or get paid? Either way Happy Hour at Fresh could fill the belly!
Silly hoes I swear!
Thank you! : #FF big shout out to this people !!!
Multi-nat'l corps i.e. #ExxonMobile, have no allegiance to any country They rape resources, earn World historic profits/control world energy
who is he
were they close because it was late? or did you eat something? did it smell good outside? tell me anything you can.
phooey are u blocking me?? hope nt
“: 'If only closed minds came with closed mouths'”
So hungry
Need my lakers to step up and do they job
omg o am gonna practice but it's gonna take me a year lol
#mlanet12 ToDo list: Move docs to cloud, test G+, buy iPad, pack MIS brains, order #drinkingsig shirt,
": Gypsy Healers is covering "Sober" by TOOL is SO epic right now! #CapitalAleHouse #RVA"
TMRW NITE is DJs in the PJs PAJAMA PARTY!!! will be awarding #prizes in our #SEXIEST PJs contest - Doors at 9
What is up with 5th graders dying their hair and wearing slutty clothes. When I was in 5th grade I thought my light up shoes were cool.
where are your seats at are you going today?
That just made me really happy=)
Use The Smile To Change The World, Don't Let The World Change Your Smile <U+30C4>
have a happy weekend everyone
So sleeeepppyy. 2 glasses of wine and can't wake up the next morning!
I can't believe he missed it!!
2-1 Galaxy. 83rd. Timbers "D" yields another late match goal.
Faith is, at one and the same time, absolutely necessary and altogether impossible.
Obama Obama Obama THE DREAM : Of giving billions to those who already had billions leaving other Americans wondering WTF MAN? BILDERBERG
Hello World :) i love Twitter and you ?
let's go!
Nothing is more annoying than the new Aflac commercial. I have never been so tempted to ring a ducks neck before in my life.
Sorry, sweatshop game
A new artist I have loved for a long time. I dig it when the #Grammys get it right.
Hurt my feelings...rate me :)
RT : Qwrap) Time to reintroduce yourself. Links, requests & shameless plugs welcome, too.
hey Ashley! It's my birthday! :D
Don't allow yourself to wake up with yesterday's issues on your mind. Refuse to live backwards. See everyday as a step toward your success!
me either hide and seek with the babies lol idk
It was an amazing show. Intelligent. Creative. I miss it.
I'm quoting my dude...
yup seriously;) i do too haha but its nice wen somone does it for ya;D
nice work! Would love to read more about what you learned from people's feedback.
Thanks for the love Lawyers never get to write like that!
I'm rooting for Kyle, Arie and Alejandro..
George Clooney and his father were just arrested while protesting outside the Sudan embassy. CNN: "guy in T-shirt" is his dad.
Very entertaining listening to everyone speculate about what's going to happen w our flight - we have some experts here folks
Our Family Olive Oil Direct from Laconia, Greece. Will be here on 12/27/11 Just in time for the NEW YEAR!!!!!
everyone's talking about you on Stickam haha
Ground wave on 10M was very good this morning but now that it is 2:30pm the band has died.
Hey that's great that you sold your first pattern, Congratulations.
I can't find Kelly! I want to hang with both of you next week!!!! p.s.- Gigi's cupcakes are the cupcakes of my dreams
Definitely me!!
Yes! It's already time for end of year list?!
Celts announcer just said offensive rebounder was "unmolested" on the putback.
very funny there was no Queen Katrina of The Netherlands
quite good I might say...how's school dude?
Finally finished reading It was a wonderful read and I highly recommend it! Now it is on to reading "Glory Revealed."
Got study for the MCAT, you're giving me a migraine!
Greensboro.NC
Just go to solopiano.com and sign up as an artist...let me know what you think:)!
and my daddy said stay await from juliet!
welcome back!
im bout to slam one of this kids
People that text ghetto, I hate that! Is it so wrong to use capitalization and periods where they are needed. #JustSaying!!!!
Obama says US is drill-baby-drilling already. "I guess we could try to have 200 oil rigs in the middle of Chesapeake Bay."
Except, say, i. Or e.
'Dark Knight Rises' Production Kicks Off With First Official Photo
lol I'll show you the video I'm talkin bout tommorow
I'm done for tonight. But its gloves off for the next 27 days.
So do you do open mic, emcee, record?
w.e. man we think of something lol
Did you see it ? I thought it kicked ass!!!
I really need a pick me up. Here's to hoping my Say Anything stuff gets here tomorrow.
Harry is mine <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
PasoFino will be at Alexandria tonight!!!! Sasha and Christine just made it to Miami... It will be a good night!
are you serious. I thought we were gonna skate today
Knicks should've traded Lin when he had superstar value. Oh well.
Gifts and talents come from God. Give Him praise.
Where would you want a new ATM in Georgetown (on or off campus)?
Paul is such a flopping bitch
The #RedSox have won three in a row! It's a holiday miracle.
How are the holidays treating you? Have you had any special moment?
Going golfing.
suprised u have any heart left after braun tore mine out
What the hell just happened.
Threw 119'8" in hammer and an old lady at Marion's Pizza said I was very handsome.
I have no idea. They all deserted me. -shrugs- But whatever. I can find new friends.
Morning Sex Is Cool
"Texas is a state of mind. Texas is an obsession. Above all, Texas is a nation in every sense of the world." - John Steinbeck
Enjoying software developer humor at
thanks for the follow, we were getting worried you didn't love the KG team! ;) We didn't want to have a Kung Fu Walk Off!!!
Netflix app for Android #please and #thankyou 6 more days to release of JenoLo Clothing..long time coming but worth the wait
The Texas Rebates have run out unfortunately , but Kewl Aire will still offer discounts
Haha camping. What a success!!!!!
Thanks to our wonderful resident, Nancy DellaMaddalena, for her delicious gift! Can't wait to dig in! :)
RT : Every second, 2000 Draw Something pictures are created. There have been 3 billion since they launched a few weeks ago.
BTW, Tuesday meeting with Sven our composer was amazing! This guy really has the touch. Wow!
Diving into alt format novels this week. Scrapbook of Frankie Pratt: lovely, lite, but too twee. Wished she'd cited the scraps.
lol Jack playing with the buttons.
We work from home. We put a sign out saying, "Don't disturb us" (for door-2-door evangelists, kids selling candy, etc.). Rude? Too bad.
watching beauty and the beast is always a good idea
any way to get a shout-out on Live @ 7 tomorrow for PHAME show at Aladdin Theater happening tomorrow night? Thx!! :)
Saw daughters said I remind them character lets just say I did alot of reflecting after :-)
good grief! call me a snob, but "the prayer" is NOT opera.
Go Giants!
Austin's best #HappyHour? Come by and see what you think. 5-7 today!
New coach in 2013 then. And MARTZ? NO RT : #Bears announce no other changes will be made. Lovie Smith to be coach in 2012.
Calendar of Events now available on Facebook-Grand Haven ArtWalk
Please like on Facebook! You will see her as she travels 10 cities changing lives through her new book, #THEDRAMAYEARS!
It's a cluster trying to get out of the valley :/
lol well I meant zbo and OJ or Rudy and OJ. I think we will keep the core intact and fill our needs, while bringing DA back
Learning French is painful. The process had to have been invented by Marquis de Sade.
Make Mobile Cent$ this holiday season
thank ya lady!
The Rocky theme song....are you kidding me? haha
RT : : "The poor communities on the planet are also the most innovative in using technology"
see you guys there! :)
Everyone knows Martin Luther King Jr streets are in the projects. #YouMad thats where you live
I might be a little to honest sometimes.
YUP! I feel like everyone is against the Celtics!
What are some reasons you guys love GLJ? Share them with us, then share them with all your followers!!
We apologize to everyone about this week's unusual change in office hours. We will resume regular hours beginning next week.
Lot of discussion regarding hdr making it too easy. In the end it's still the vision of the photog and how they use hdr.
yeah they do! Smh I hope they get what they deserve!
RT : Just saw a commercial for "Uncle Ben's Rice" (in my voice) and literally LOL'd hahaha!<<~~~~LMFAO!
Philadelphia Sports Network: Philadelphia Eagles 2012 NFL Draft ...
Spoiled and loving it!
The mobile site needs some improvement! The search bar is in the header.
I guess the reader that sent that in was hoping 2012 would include more Punk and Less Cena
We are working on the site over the next few days & excited to show you our completed new design soon!
I've had to pee since 2005....finally
RT : if your shit aint quality or sounds like garbage..you WILL STARVE..the streets won't bullshit you..the industry will tho
what a great night!!!
Headin to watch the #preds game with and mark. This should get pretty crazy!
Where Tf is Mrs.Right???
When I was little, I used to think the block of TGIF shows was much more hilarious than the restaurant. Now I think the exact opposite.
A high of 81?!? After a low of 40 something yesterday?!? Some one has to stop playing with the dimmer switch....
Fiesty. I never said you were. Who said I'm Korean?
2 people away from 2000 will I make it today? Lets hope
: Feel bad, want him to heal, but of course, I had kick ass seats... Major letdown.
Hip Hop ain't dead. it's in a coma for now.... But we are going to wake it up!!! Hip Hop Stand Up!!!! Pittsburgh On The RISE!!!!!
WOW look at the difference in iron in tomatoes and spinach!!
sups cute. Agreed!!! He likes her
lol. I understand
My mom and Boyfriend are more alike then they may think
Am I watching the All star game or some weird dance party
I love Daddy Dingus!<3<3
seriously, is it just me, or does The Ticket stream not work anymore?
that's not really how that works....... XD
Good luck on the GMAT test! What business schools are you considering?
Thinking about what to wear to Disneyland on Friday! HM decisions decisions
Just saw Kenny Rogers and Lionel on tv. They looked surprised
There was a time when I could get away with doing laundry once a week. Now I have three children . . .
Nnemkadi, Shekinna, Devereaux, Glory and Shenise: Who needs the hot weather when you've got the #WNBA Draft.
Lost Longoria, Lost Kemp, now it looks like I'll have lost Brett Lawrie. lmao, My team loses a player each week. Who hooo.
slydog ? uh no sir
damn I love words.
im thinking it could be a number things involving the cache setting. its probably inaccurate readings as well.i had this issue.
any plans for an android tablet app?
Very cool of you and others to do. And re: "mouse" not "moose", noted. We'll say it right next time. Thx for tuning in.
Big at-bat here for Nick Swisher with runners on the corners & 2 outs... Le'ts go Yankees!
yeah Justin please follow her :) she's a huge fan and she is really dedicated :)
i hate trying to get the blanket out from underneath you and falling off the bed
Happy Thursday Columbus!
People talk to me, nobody talk to me on here<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5>
A6: Be memorable by finding cross-departmental opportunities.
Ugh I wanna hammock in the oval like him
Hello November:)
no lol I hate mine lol
"They're looking for WR's." First smart thing these broadcasters have said today.
The positive campaign that I've been running continued into the debate Tuesday night. I urge everyone to watch the video when it's up.
#FreeCookieDay at Subway! I like this leap year thingy...
what did you have? I usually get the Tuscan Eggs. And their homemade donut holes are DREAMY!
is it just me, or can u kinda see a bit of justins... thing... In ur icon??? xD
can you follow me back por favor?
Those are cute pins! No, we're not on Pinterest. But we're interested to see how nonprofits are using it!
lol that song is addicting!..
": I have this vision of d. stern in a seinfeld episode going "no trade for you!!""
Thanks, we'll see how it goes...
I'm going to write songs to give to Frank Ocean to record where he tells me that we're best friends
We see an outdoor bar in our future. So nice out in NYC today!
In the bed don't feel good at all :(
Sent you guys an email about my order. I never got any info when i purchased a product off the website. Not even order #
I'll take my tortes and buttercream cookies to someone a little more open-minded.
Things that can't be measured have a don't get resourced, so ignore them all you want, I'll have fun spendin ur grant money ;)
carrying grudges till the end. TILL THE END!
Who’s ready to start the weekend NOW?! We’ve got The Imperial w/ special guest Molehill & A Common Engine tonight!
A 3am walk through the park, long convo and catch up... Nice night... Glad hes back around but now... everythings #fuckedup :/
fine fine. Lazy is the way to go lol
dude, I LOVED Simon!
"I know what you mean." translates as an intellectualization of what another means, but never total emotional comprehension.
Congratulations to Claire G.! Our winner of the free tee giveaway for April '12. Good luck to everyone who still hasn't won for next month.
Ballroom dance recital for Miss Megan! next stop...Dancing w the Stars!
But it's all good :)
And they should be. Another good, but not great year.
i knw u over there smilin
You know it's a good story when it starts with, "so this bitch.."
I would never ever ever ever steal shit from my boys . Niggas are fake
Hey! Solidarity in obscurity, my friend! Thanks.
I'm surrounded by hypebeasts that don't admit that they're hypebeasts... I see who you copying tho
“: I don't understand the FSU objection "these other teams suck but get paid like we do". It's like that in every conference.” This
RT : RT : You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream. -CS Lewis
Very funny. They do have some weather.
That last RT of mine is especially meant for all of our USF students graduating tomorrow.
FWIW, Hope you feel better soon :-(
It's PIE DAY! We have Pie Milkshakes! Come get one!
Peaches and cream
Watching the Giants vs. Eagle game...so unbusiness related, lol!
Looking forward to hearing your stuff.
You can't say no to the beauty and the beast (oh but which is which?)
i feel so fukin lost will u cum find me : /
When life gives you lemons, put those lemons in a sock and beat the shit outta life for being an asshole.
MalkinHasACupAConSmythAndAArtRoss #StLouisDivers Clean Hit by Cooke
getting up early means I get my laundry done first
RT : Always a pleasure my friend!<U+263A>
The plot of The Killing got a little squirrely Sunday when Linden entered the Land of Totem poles and the Indians appeared around her.
you know it jace its looks awesome and im a huge God of War fan i own all things god of war lol seems i need to add another item
Im Home alone for a week starting in the morning. Whadddupp.
He thinks the picture of us is cute <U+263A>
Netflix has gone and added all kinds of classic albums videos to streaming... Last night Steely Dan. Up now, Rush 2112 and Moving Pictures.
period blood
Shout out to McDonald's!
Thanks guys!!
RT : RT : Will you be at the Landlord Expo at this Saturday, May 7th? The Crew Will Be!!
ICONIC Boyz in CHICAGO yES!!!!!!!!!! <3333
Can we say DOUCHEBAG
First written assignment graded. First plagiarizer caught. Sometimes I wonder if they listen to my "don't plagiarize" talk.
He should just do the show out there. RT : Nick Offerman's show has the most epic will-call line in history.
That didn't take long. RT : I DON'T STARE AT YOU WHEN YOU'RE TRYIN TO GET SOME GRUB, WHAT'S THE BIG WHOOP??!
I am living proof! Just be yourself and great things will happen. (Of course it helps if you have an ounce of talent)
you get any offers? or are you sticking with the UFL?
Thank u for your continued support RT : Music I've been enjoying this weekend
“Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling.”
More than an hour later
what are they singing?
ik u from somewhere
Joepa is an old dude. No way he was up when they called.
What a babe!
I'm pretty sure that song is by Meatlove
I need refreshed!RT :When we are tired, the Lord can strengthen and refresh us. He will refresh our body and soul! (Isaiah 40:29)
that ALWAYS happens to me too!! Soo annoying...
That rain on Sunday did no good to anyone. It seems as if everyone is getting sick. Feel better!
Ooooookaaaaaay then. *prepares white coat*
I went to Universal yesterday and had SO much fun :D Especially the dancing that I started and Harry Potter world!
I have 14 followers on tumblr, im cool.
Day 3 of is over & we all thank everyone who came through today!
Join us on our S. Pearl Street or Boulder walking tours this afternoon, enjoying delicious tastes & ending in Happy Hour!
i so texted yesterday still no txt bizzack
He's a good defender too
Congrats to Nancy Lee from Jacksonville ISD! You won our Texas-theme giftbasket. Come by Booth 1814 to get your prize!
Thanks Marie! Would love to have you both! #twittermovie Have an awesome day! =D
Deputy Inspector Michael Deddo is new commanding officer's name. Was an executive officer in the 66th for a year.
Yes! Good season finale. And its definitely coming back next season! :-)
Local CBS affiliate isn't showing the men's final of the US Open. What a Djok.
you actually typed that.
#SurrogateMom obtains parenting time w/biological child. Let's hope all can now get along for
Please do we are going to be (re)furnishing the first floor soon. I'll let you know when I am ready to buy!
you just tweeted to a random daniel burgos, click his shit
Being sick is the
It would be so cool to wake up and have like 10,000 followers
Refs calling bull smh
So far, so good... but it has only been 10 hours. But I have a new company ready to roll out, so just diving in feet first.
Hornish's little girl is so cute!
Just left the fam in bama on my way back to the city ... It ain't nothing like having family around you
At work!!
Working in South Florida
o like that.
Thanks for the shout out!
im so glad im home>>>
If that ain't the truth! RT : Just did a little running and exercise. Miss being an athlete right now
I bring celebrities together!
is the game streaming on #tuneinradio for WNST? I'm poolside need to know!!
because we can make the enemy run and hold each other accountable.
Snack dragon tacos LES NYC
Thanks for the follow! I really admire your work and regularly check out your blog for inspiration. Keep up the great work!
hustle hard
Joan Osborne at City Winery ~ Concert Photos Magazine - Live ...
Sounded really good, actually! Mooring Moore in Bryn Mawr, or something similar...
but God is first and foremost an artist.
agreed. fits in nicely with their brand traits.
Interesting. I'll have to check that out. Thanks!
Awesome Quote, thanks for sharing:):)
Boys think of girls like books. If the cover doesn't catch their eye, they won't bother to read what's inside.
So, I guess I'm a Taurus now??? WTF?
shame the newbies can never handle it smh
Here's a question for our friends. In a sentence or two, describe what you believe is our social mission.
1940 Census launch at Ancestry - record traffic and press coverage
Does anyone know HD camcorder with easy to edit Final Cut Pro import? Looking for suggestions.
Yes, evidently!
maybe cause his work is so few and far between. he has time to sculpt it into the work he wants
They teach you there's a boundary line to music. But, man, there's no boundary line to art. Charlie Parker
dude trying to sell me this media platform is the spitting image of Gene Clark
Dunno if I should have this red bull or not... Hmm
I Was Born Alone... Ima Leave Alone
We haven't posted in a few days... whatever lol.
Happy Monday!
Nice that most everyone at #cil11 is willing to share their code. Ferris folks included.
WHEN YOU'RE FEELING KINDA GORGEOUS CALL ME ON THE PHONE AND GET OF
College: four years in the life of a young adult when appropriate pants and shoes are not required.
I haven't, thanks for tip!
WOW Broncos = 0 QBs. So far so bad.
The refs about to put this game out of reach for the clips
ahh, that's so close to his! (:
YES! It's Girl Scout Cookie Day here Doesn't get much better than kicking back after work with Thin Mints and Winter #Olympics!
Nothin like a sushi lunch date at Hana's in Albs with a good friend to unwind.
I think you've been hacked got a dm about nasty comments
hey man, what was that dynamic mic gain device you spoke of today? Sounds interesting
Im gonna stop being a flirt haa okaai.(x
Good luck to all the candidates and voters who supported one another during this cycle. It was a fantastic campaign.
Its almost Friday :-) Hope you have been enjoying all of the wonderful weather this week! Get outside for lunch and soak up some Vitamin D!
just finished doing cam shows 2day, still need $$$ or no school in sept! cu 2morrow peeps. ps. if u have a harley i LUV u lol
Ross the Boss RT : Cody Ross has a great Fenway swing
RT : oh yeah i'm single ..
#ICantDateYou I have an expensive taste in cigars!!!
The new #MHR record is sounding amazing. Hope you guys are excited. Catch us at a show
#undernocircumstances should u allow another day 2 go by without proclaiming the Gospel of Christ 2 your friend, neighbor, boss.
spike lee betta get this shit on FILL
As of now, no. Many great historians help us through shows as go-to sources. Almost like "consultants."
RT : There's a reason the rear view mirror is so small and the front glass is so big
I would love to see a Broadway play about poker. There's so much slang and terminology it can come off sounding Shakespearean
How absolutely amazing would it be to be ? Travel the world, eat delicious food, & tell the story of other cultures!
Retweet for a cause! Each retweet sends $2 towards #lifesaving #heart research & education from ’s.
Showering this am was an interesting experience...
If you love your mom tweet me
please , please , please follow me it would just complet me <3 4
I have a new favorite
I really don't want him to win!
You're welcome! And thanks for the follow!
Coming up at- I spoke with cab drivers who say robberies happen often. More info at 6 on
David, thanks for volunteering and helping out at #citycampsf!
ALL TEENS! TONIGHT THE BIGGEST TEEN NIGHT IS AT CLUB FUEGO! (HUGE GLOW STICK PARTY) DJ PRODIGY AND VALENCIA LIVE!! $10 B4 8PM!
Hi, Mark! Thanks for following me!
Hangover 2 was awesome
hey when is Cody cumming back to Chicago.......... I really wanna go to one of his Concerts again !
come visit anytime! 205! :)
slow night at work. havent even made a full forty and got cut an hour early
I am READY!!!
If you have people in your life you can truly trust, dont take them for granted
you could always do a reboot to the original state
sounds awesome!! have you ever been to warped tour? all time love is amazing live; I hope your parents let you go! MT :D <3
Bitches run their mouth while I’m stuntin on their ass, bad bitch so official you can call me top class.
:-)I should get off this early every friday!:-)
Are you the brutal heart that ive been looking for? 'Coz if you're looking for love you can look for the door.
yes i agree
My spring break has officially begun. I hope we have nice weather
The pro and anti 4/20 tweets are so annoying #shatdahellup and tweet about the more interesting topic, the
Do people still dance on cealings, at parties? Lionel Richie would like to know.
It's so nice to hear from old friends
don't you love that show!? Is there a way you can watch season one online?
-.- I accidently tweeted a fake Justin Bieber.
Yay for dropping your phone off the second balcony at a hotel. -____- I'm really good with phones obviously.
Running errands/shopping with la sister
We apologize to all our customers and hope you'll stop by next week. Thanks!
haha, thank you...I lose more and more followers revealing my age.
ok good thanks gurlz. Kelly you will be missed.
how'd it turn out?
evening boys and girls.
I don't think ive seen a kid cuter then Mason! Ur beyond stunning and your my favorite Kardashian!
- NAHB is saying it will turn, but slowly ...
maybe you were planning on coming out to south side Harley to enjoy some
TRUST FALL!!!!! #epic fail
Tabor I will conquer you today! Well at least the stairs.
Our business in life is not to get ahead of others, but to get ahead of ourselves. - E. Joseph Cossman
About to get my noodle on...
its always sunny ther.....I used to live there and I recently went bck for spring break...u need to go to matsumoto's shave ice :-)
Clark Gregg is on THE SHIELD as a serial rapist/murderer. This is strange and upsetting.
Do it Big Faith Gen! I'm proud of you guys. Changing lives today!
Jimmy is getting a workot today.
"Generate & organize your data so it plays well with assessment mgmt systems." Couple of good points there.
Discovered an unopened box of Girl Scout thin mints. Oh happy day!
I know that waking up is hard to do-oo, & you know, know that it's true... Instead of waking early then I wish that I was waking up at 10.
Just arrived home from a speaking engagement on wound care in Toronto...garbage was piled high everywhere, due to a strike.
Oh how nice would it be just to be on the beach listening to music all day.
Wrote my epitaph... 2589938378UTC: Alex has stopped in method Live(), due to fatal exception See autopsy.log for debug information.
...they were always welcomed as long as they do not brack the law getting here...or as long as they do not brack the law...
Please please. I prefer the term sausage wallet.
Sacramento Press attracts one new author a day. They do NOT call them citizen journalists.
I wanna see penis
lol. It's not a vaca i have in mind darling ;)
My 5D is off to I'm crossing my fingers.
Wash. Co. CAD...Accident reported in Sherwood...NW Pine at Oregon St...
A little good news from Gartner - Forecast growth in U.S. dollar-valued overall IT spending has been revised up to 7.1% from 5.6% for 2011 …
#Opeth rules hard.
Not only access to ICTs but education
take some ageLOC Vitality! Take more than the 6 capsules!
I saw u on CNN...go Brandon!!
*rolls eyes*
This morning's speakers included ETS CEO Kurt Landgraf, CGS President Debra Stewart, US Sen. Hagan, US Rep. Stivers, US Rep. Hanna.
And the world goes on
Thank you for a wonderful semester and farewell lunch & presents! Love you all!
The narwhals have now been baconing for 43 minutes...
i've got those in my closet
thanks for the shoutout!
I WILL, if you vote (;
Would it be accurate to call Tyler Perry the black Jim Varney?
No more suffering. R.I.P. Uncle Danny.
Time to start planning my trip back to the UK.
Listening to the lightning while watching Thor :)
Smoke billowing from fires all over Galveston.
Thanks for the link- Great work!!
maybe , we looked before but could not locate any decent host for the server, if you know of one let us know
Did the same thing recently with a very darling jacket. If you find the secret to bone reduction, let me know!
Open question for the ladies: why do we define ourselves in terms of an SO?!?
you already did. Lol
Rather go to bed supperless than run in debt for a breakfast
that is a great compliment then! I'd love 2 C her work it's funny that thoseR the underpaintings but stand as abstracts already
#spreadlight is so inspiring for all. It feels good to know I'm creating my own work and collaborating with artist that feel the PASSION.
Just finished E21 Africa meeting in Nairobi-great meeting! Now in traffic jam on way to airpor-have been sitting in one spot for 1 hour.
I love me some hummus. I'm like the Zohan!
Why? #BP cashier asks u what grade of gas when u must press the grade button at the pump anyway? Dumb. Is #BP smarter than a 5th grader!
OH. Totally different.
I think we all heard the Occupy movement has gone global. But did you know its now universal? The media refuses to cover Occupy Uranus.
Courtney Stodden really freaks me out. Like "I think you may be an alien I'm afraid to make eye contact" style
where u at tanight?
yeah at 3
I love putting together Ikea furniture. No, really I do.
*Wishing I had $200 for the new iphone, oh well, the old one will work just fine :)
Designing a 2nd international, human capital org & really excited about the creativity my team is leveraging 2 ensure a sustainable org
Great gray-blue heron With water up to his shins Glares through at his toes
one day you'll see a picture SO funny you'll have to make an account to upvote
Best of luck to Bucky & The Golden Eagles in their #SweetSixteen matches!
your #tahoe is a #POS :P
Yessir RT : The one I mary will have an undeniable head game
I sure am!! It's getting warm in Big Rapids! Anyone else hoping this snow melts by Gala??
I'm ready
You're the good kind of awkward.
Still need any teams for Stubby Bowl?
yes! My Versa is ready for the journey to the suburbs
Girls with long hair >
I don't stink you freaken crusty creep !
Ignorance is Bliss at the #CPD2012 So many pro-abortion youth are anti-science.
How bout dem Cowboys!! Enjoy the game!
Hey call me I don't have your number stored lil mama
Watching Season 2 of Watched 13 episodes of Season 1 in the past 72 hours... addicted.
I <3 WHITEBOYS TO THE MAX
Sentence found in the YMCA men’s room: “He fell out of love with his sideburns but they refused to leave on their own.” Can anyone claim?
Hi Rick! I'm a BIG fan of yours, as I grew up watching you. Lol Thanks for the follow!
Thanks! I'll submit.
I meant weekend. I talk too damn much and ran out of my 143 lol
As it should. :)
{Walmart & Sam's Club Freebies} view www.downow.info I give 125 leads wk , See it working for you? Enroll www.dowsite.info my # on site
Shit happens and it sucks. Always Respect yourself, keep your head up high and progress forward to a #healthy you!
Sadly, you'll have to wait a couple more weeks for the show at Turner. See you on the 18th?
Ok and : time's-a-wastin….get your entries in for the 2012 #ADDYs Have you seen our judges?
Words only hurt insecure people.
Does anyone read Hyberbole and A Half? She posted an amazing update a few months ago about depression.
well bye bye its time to get ready for work, omg omg omg i have to get out around 10 or before to go on a date with my sweetheart :)
You are using your voice now. We hear you.
#pinups is not popping only one bitch twerked the stage #red aka aquafina!!!
Thanks for the RT!
Can I get some S/o's ppl
Our Essential Cinema Top 10 is currently on sale (PPR only)! Classics such as Metropolis, Nosferatu, Faust and more. Buy 2 get 3rd 20% off!
If they are, they're sharing it with a student. >_< The window's only open a crack, but the pigeons are squeezing in.
Starting the day at Yu Ying Public Charter school open house today off of Taylor St.
I love your hair u r just so pretty #MuchLove xoxoxo
Condone is the wrong word. It implies what the Police did was wrong to begin with. I totally support the Police.
Thats great to hear! Congrats! Nothing like just jumping in heads first and making a film. Did you write it as well?
Only if I had a job tho
Truth About Me: When I'm alone on the train I'll pull out my phone and look at it to avoid eye contact with ugly people.
bill blass jeans
Cutting the grass in 100 degree weather <<<< man you gotta love Louisiana!!!
Omg freeway detours!!! I just wanna go home!!!
Stickler, Controller, Hyper-Achiever... just took the #PostiveIntelligence assessment. Interesting... will read more. Thanks!
UWM now open: Great job, great place to be, they can win there! Interesting to see what names emerge for that job
Cena's a big mean bully for making fun of Johnny's voice.
INVESTMENT-You avg $200 a mo for family healthcare during a adult life of 55 yrs that is $132,000.00 !!! Get your book www.theprofittrap.com
Why is it that enhanced, clean sparkly full-length 148 min DVD of Ingrid Berman in "Joan of Arc" no longer sold? It was just released!
for sure! <U+2764>
Yes. I was really hoping to have put away the turtleneck I'm wearing today by now. :/
Follow your heart not head.
Are your perennials starting to grow big and bulky? You know, their spread is getting a bit too much for comfort?
Is it just me or is FB acting really wonky today. Sometime people's profile pictures show up but more often than not they don't.
great!! Now, if only someone would map porcelain routes from China-Europe-America for me!!
Come celebrate the win !
In the room I like to call the fading cap of Monet.
Sex Game..#SoOfficial!
tired af, night
oh cool cuz I was like what the hell. glad to hear terrified can be good lol ;)
When I'm tired of listening to it, I'm done practicing. (written about speech preparation, applying it to vocal rehearsal)
not at all you should say what up doe
Bears can't be stopped right now boy
Why is scott walker turning my fair city into Miltroit? Recall!
Don't have a coaching pedigree, but it sure seems like good things happen when this kid goes to the basket...
treadmills that are silly heads and feel like being lazy.
I've found flowers and diamonds have only so much charm...I'll take home improvement over them any day!
ARM HURTS! ughh! And I have volleyball today!!
GrassRoot Business Networking www.GrassRootsNetworking.com
Well its your lucky day , because i love sweatpants <U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764><U+2764>
on your tv
you ok Matthew??
how sweet of you! Thanks xox RT : Welcome :D
Heading back to Augusta
thx, you too, or is it night for you??
S/O to fa da follow. I preciate it
The Devil’s Music: The Life and Blues of Bessie Smith Off-Broadway at the St. Luke’s Theater (308 West 46th Street)
my spring schedule is going to be so nasty smh
Tomorrow<3 do we need to bring a note?
Florida is nice too! Myrtle Beach is SC is nice too. A lot of beaches in NC are awesome.
Boyle >>>>Mercer
No, it's not. But we Americans have slowly, some unknowingly, allowed our rights to be taken away.
#MM Morning....have a Great week Mr. Joe
Don't know about Kim Kardashian but I agree that Bobby V has the potential to make this team dysfunctional fast. We'll see...
Pandora right now is seriously making my life. :)
Today I learned Nikola Tesla was born on July 10. My birthday is on July 10. Tesla was a bad ass genius electrical engineer. I am an EE.
Almost out!!
Al Horford has saved this ATL team.....and has changed this series dramatically.
Happy New Year, All! May it be filled with happiness & all good things!
Feel like opening a can of whoop on this house today. Is it normal to "nest" at 6.5 months? lol.
nah I have to send my sister birthday money and then sign up for choice fitness
Why does my hand smell like bacon? I don't even eat bacon....
. says a con of Twitter is 140 character storytelling limitation. I can see it both ways. What do you think?
Thanks! Webstore always open.
#whosgonnalose - top of the hour, picking all NFL games - tweeting results here
Ah,if only the gentlemen of Atlanta knew that was the key to your heart!
The best part of #FastFive is whenever I see Paul Walker :)
Gilmore over Kirkpatrick? No chance on Floyd?
: not you my man.
Good morning #Detroit, we will be uploading the photos from onto our website soon, stay tuned!
Loved the video bro, especially the dude yelling is that a dick had me rolling! Great job!
Submitters used to have the option of including their paper on a conference proceedings CD, but the CD is no longer produced.
Dragging this morning? Get a free espresso shot in your drink!
Go to sleep, beautiful. =)
Lol I don't think so(x
Haven't watched football in over a decade. Elton John reminded me of why. The TV is off.
less than 100 for me to goal...how's your #amwriting?
Ready to be back in mucie
Hi. Can you follow me back:)
Serafin's. A little trek (Carlisle) but worth it.
Lax later*** "via last tweet"
The problem is never how to get new, innovative thoughts into your mind, but how to get old ones out. - Dee Hock
Watchn dice lemons
zumba outside today!! U should come!!
The sound of a jet engine spinning up is like a lullaby at this point, knocks me right out.
Never the less, you still have to come down to see us and the lots if you're going to make a killer deal.
just laugh it off and keep watching streets of fire:)
#March begins tomorrow! Did you know March was named after Mars who was the God of War? It also used to be the first month of the year!
at what point did all these people settle with being broke
Awkward day w/ a capital k
Tag map page on Squinchpix now alphabetical as well as by frequency. Try it!
That's an interesting fact!
Thank you for the follow !
what do folks use to build their yearly schedules? any recommendations?
yeah definitely, fingers crossed x
Your morning coffee could be adding a lot more calories than you may think, next time your in a coffee shop ask to see the nutrition facts
Chillin chillin son when we gonna get up on some production?
you know, contrary to what many believe, I absolutely love being single.
why is the bedroom so cold?, turned aways on your side?..is my timing that flawed?
Damn, I want a guy to sing to me like that. Hell, that man's voice was amazing.
Love is a gross exaggeration of the difference between one person and everybody else.
Travelling really isn't the same as it used to be. Much more like work, which is really nice when you are travelling for work
Would I be wrong to text the males in my phone happy mothers day??
damnn I'm so bored :/
Hi this is a test from indie movie making
die steelers, die.
*that akward moment when your at your friends house and they get yelled at my one of their parents*
haha awesome! Man, Flip Burger is god though.
is there really a market for Xmas decorations in June, or are you trying to create a market?
2/1/1784-> Lafayette: Envious of none, I am determined to be pleased with all.
What's up with rude people? Like come on, just be nice!
I never lived before your love. <3
Thank u for all ur help! Cant wait to see the finished product! Be sure to follow the Sports and Fitness Center here:
lol you really want me too ? its not that hard.
Oh! Gorgeous. Your description's as poetic as the picture. Lovely.
may. I think that why I have been so down besides my period.
ill text you when I charge it..
unbelieveable man. Can golf get out of its own way and stop making itself boring.
Yayy got a new phone
what's new?
she's beautiful in her simple little way
fantastic! And you? Semester is finally over ... just grading left. Did the students ever connect with you?
I'm not sure how to feel.
RT interested in helping organize #thatcamp Pacific Northwest? talk to or
Happy New Year everyone!!!! Do you have a New Year's resolutions?
alright little guy I'm trying to get in to the twitter game. U inspire me
you right about that ms.
“: East hasn't been the only culprit this postseason” been bad about 80% of time
Vernon! My man. Hope all is well with you man DM me your email lets catch up.
Rickey Minor Band kills
So sleepy.
Rapunzel tells us one thing about love. Climbing the highest tower is less difficult if someone at the end gives you the reason to hold on.
South Africa Application Deadline is TOMORROW! This is your last chance to apply! Get your applications in !
#durantula needs to come up BIG in these last 2 min
Just got done walking with abbs and eating some #Subway m
RT : LibraryThing for Libraries now has its own Twitter account. You're looking at it.
a direct message
Today in Blues: Rock and blues guitarist Chuck Berry married Themetta “Toddy” Suggs on October 28, 1948.
Watched the intro to the Zach Galifianakis SNL, sometimes I too wish for a chicken bone friend...
All my boys tatted
it's easy to feel like we deserve what we have or what we do..truth is, life is not even close to in our control and all it takes is one
no definatley don't.
Cary Loren in conversation with Vince Carducci tonite 8 pm. Juice from MotorCity Wine. Q&A, booksigning, good times.
Can't wait to see it....
Its such a beautiful day today! <U+263A>
"Learning is its own reward. Nothing I can say is better than that." RIP Michael S. Hart
Dude when are you coming to LA so we can create some magic again?
Just back from the last day of CES & there were a lot of people who were counting the hours w/bags under their eyes until they could go home
BK, you're my #1 fan with that one <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> “: ok well you go for ugly and fail every time then.”
Can't sleep, too excited for NYC! I get to eat four brunches and 3 dinners in 2 days...The Dutch, Saxon & Parole, The Breslin, Forgione...
He did go!
thanks for following!!!
Tuesdays are VIP night at the Scholars Inn--1/2 price on all appetizers for VIP club!! We hope to see you there. Plz rt
#Cancers have frequent mood swings, and we feel our way through life.
Thanks for the RT!
Why am I having issues using your service on multiple platforms at once. Never used2 have an issue. Please help.
I'm actually supposed to be on bed rest now...
When a guy has a really cute smile it's very attractive :)
goddamn wireless...internets funky round here for a couple days so twitter on and off guys:/
Hi Jessica, Thank you for following! Have a great week!!
We took a week off but S.I.N. and Tango Lessons resume this Tuesday. Come check it out!
Let Milwaukee know about Justin Moore concert May 11th. Thanks and have a great show!
At tonight's auction… I must resist the zebra taxidermy (mustn't I?)
Meow! I'm ready for the weekend!
Skipped out on yoga and went outside and sat in the sun and tanned. <U+E00E><U+E04A>
get comfortable being you. who knows how long you have to do it, & it's the biggest favor you can do for yourself and everyone around you.
Will certainly use for a blog soon. Thanks so much!
THIS<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089>RT America specializes in monetization of 1-day mega events. $$$$ spent today @ Churchill Downs is staggering.
#MUSIC just wanna have some fun :D
When I meet a person that thinks gun laws are too strict I never think... "This is going to be a long a fruitful relationship."
could you two be any cuter?!
doing the Laser Wolf thing.
Hello Friday
My favorite thing about the extra daylight is that it's now light enough to walk home from the subway while reading.
I don't know if I have full permission from but i have officially joined #BrickSquad i will tag every tweet with
< my bday people.
House of Leaves is amazing.
The Phillies suck this year but at least we got Cole Cliff and Roy.Three pitchers every team dreams of having!
Can I just sleep all day and not go to school?
Wonderful. Thank you and good luck!
Sometimes I wish this book I'm working on had a face so I could just pimp-slap it. Tried doing it to myself but not the same.
How to get lots of followers. Search and follow most of his followers.
": o no that sucks" ya but I'm a ninja & figured a way back in. Lol. How are u?
Follow this kid. :P
don't sleep on me yet I'm still getting calls! I promise you will see me soon;)
Good game so far...still got a long way to go though!
Hey , if you think earning redonkulously sweet rewards by checking into your favorite places is weird, than yes, we're totally weird
Beach weather for the weekend - show you "how" gorgeous it'll be, first thing tomorrow. We'll also get you to work on time - starting at 5.
I guess that's why they call it sin city, right guys?
Is that wins or points per game? ": Vegas releases its Over/Unders for college football...Kentucky's is 5.5"
A Walk to Remember my favorite movie is on! Why can't love like this exist in real life??... :sigh:
LA for the first time!
#GOPACKGO what a game! That got way too close
Excited to see you boys son! :):)
Why is it that the #Bruins have one more player on the ice then the Caps, but they are still beating us to the puck? Show some urgency!!
yeah I'm so done with you!! ...be in the music video?
Let us know what U think! RT: Just got my box of cereal in the mail can't wait to try it.. #SnackTime?
Meeting = #txla12 highlight. Maybe 2012 highlight!
great cure for back pain albeit temporarily.
I have a best friend like that too... She figured out what she was missing though xx.
Justin Masterson about to be 5-0. If he's still available he could be a very valuable pick up
realizing the amount of classes i still have to take for SPEA before i graduate is giving me a mini heart attack.
Or make Siri do it for you, if you get along with her.
thanks so much!!!
I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met.
I might be going to jail soon.....bitch bein real reckless.
Jk #this movie is so stupid
saw white chocolate aka Linnea at the mall today! Love her so much!
probably is going to cry more than Brad tonight.
Be sure to check out our news section on the web page, leave a comment
Im so serious..Jax Jaguars have signed PK Long Ding..out of Norwich Univ in Vermont
Love, love, loving Vanessa Williams' new nemoir so far!
What level of marketer are you? Sandbox, Savvy, or SuperStar? Share your story in real words and results. Will listen.
I left left. Apparently I didn't send my bye bye email to the right alias :(
Late start but will make work in time...that makes it a Good Morning!!!
awesome! Thanks!
Gnome UI of Linux Mint is full of signs of trying to copy Mac OS X Lion, only in that all icons are inferior...
FAVORITE MOMENT: rocking out to Justin bieber with the windows down all by myself!!! :).
the right 1 will come along ..but u gotta focus on yo rap career so I can buy that CD :)
Bollard not being surprised by bountygate is like Patrick Bateman not being surprised by serial killers
I just got cut off by a pedal biker.. F -You!
New facebook page logo. Website revamp coming soon. Get ready. Get excited. Like if you like.
hey are you at our event? So crowded.
. thanks for Friday - grt time with the crew.
Thx for following! Great concept u have. We help fund startups/co's that are premature for banks. Looking forward to connecting
Do not tell me that Lindzi's Dad's name is really Harry Cox!?!!? #bachelor Isn't that a deal breaker?
Oh, thank YOU for validating my wtf over the whole "sunroom" deal - I started watching 15 minutes late and was ???
Oh no im not that good...lol
ticket to Tampa purchased! So at least I'm GETTING there. Maybe I'll just stay - haha.
Michael Jordan.
thanks Liz
Rangers,losing,Knicks losing this sucks
So what's new ? It b a surprise if they were on the side of Pak. Let the bidding begin!
hi, you don't know I exist but I'd LOVE it if you follow me back. <3
im soo lazy
C & T you are what Josh said you were LOL! (Chris is a Saints fan...you expected more?)
ugh let's revolt. NO MORE NIGHT CLASS!
in class we have a Russian substitute that wears combat boots and barley speaks English. These next 3 weeks are about to b amazing :)
"show don't tell" is considered a songwriting rule of thumb. Maybe you're ready to write a hit!
u didnt know that?
shes got the easiest way of brightening up my day
That awkward moment when
thank you! We are grateful for your support.
Shout Out To You. Thanks
We’re looking forward to a great TLNT Transform Event! #tlnt Attendees, stop by the Novotus booth for a chance to win $100 Visa Gift Card!
The sad part is the true criminals remain at large, while the #Portland Police and #Occupy folks are left squaring off against each other.
Gold farming - the practice of generating huge sums of virtual money in online games , which is then sold for cash - is nothing new.
you are? Then you can stop by and help and me with farm work while you are in town.
i wish i could :P maybe next time :)
I'm gonna gradually wear less and less makeup everyday, until i'm all natural.
Thanks for the love on your site! We have plenty of focus groups coming up!
I'd just like to take a moment from a busy day to say: GRANDE GRANDE BAYERN!! PUTA MADRID!!
Goodmorning Surfdash fans! How are you feelin' this Monday Morning? You ready to check out our top three music videos of the day!?
Make it stop! :)
If you have to judge people do so with proper knowledge of who they are and what they're going thru.
I still do BIGGER!
The time has come, we have a huge project to announce very shortly, kickstarter, website, CDs, vinyl, and free stuff from Ranger!
What I would give to be on a plane rite now... <U+2708>
cu soon Fred
hey thanks for the follow Andrew!
check ur email when ur free, had a quick question
I vote for reschedule.
Now thats how you play #RugbySevens …. stick it to the poms boy
I hope it is the vikings by 100 lol
lol he does stink they still have Greg McElroy he must be so trash then
Where World Wide Wes works RT : Glad to be apart of #CAASports !!
.1Moneyball <<< ": Niggaz hate success even more when dey excluded!"
i was jut doing that for fun girl but not online i never show my favoritism to nobady ...
I love yoou<3 will yoou pretty please follow me or reply?;D
OMG. I would rather see Rick Santorum host SNL...
lol oh well
Thanks for the RT, have a great Thursday!!
I think it's time for some tea, in fact.
Just got my nails done:)
thx for the follow Mike, returning the favor, peace {^_^}
Good morning. I hope you were able to catch Servant Warrior Radio this morning. If not, don't fret camper. It'll be online later today.
Did you see Mundo Beat down at the Super Bowl village today? Let us know how it was!
Stumbleupon is my worst enemy and my best friend right now.
- You are writing more than you're tweeting, right?
Hello Larry How Are you?
What's the gagging emoticon?
Is Matt Kemp one of Shawn Kemp's 82 children?
Librarian with Hillary Clinton haircut
seriously? Why don't we get #Blake to build them?
36% reported decreasing art curriculum due to NCLB
<------can't close my mouth from shock on that one!! lol
steve jobs showed
are you listening to "Wild One" now? Lmfao
Kick some butt today. Go!
Justin Bieber & Sterling Brim <U+2764><U+2764>
that is awesome Janice!!! proud of you!!
i can try but im not 100% sure if i can lol i dont push out hits that fast
Im watching The River this show is crazy
Look forward to seeing everyone at Leff's for our opening day festivities beginning at 9am.
"I wasn't that drunk", "Dude, you got into a fight with your brother because he's Team Edward"
Don ABSOLUTELY upgraded with Megan!!!
I just finished a 2.54 mi run with a time of 30:14 with Nike+ GPS.
SHARE DM ME BABE
god awful pickup! Way too old, don't see how this helps the team.
I will!
I want to meet a sexy Gertrude
lookin forward to a great night at
I will be in touch today!
: you be a #veteran ^_^
If your relationship is worth the sacrifices you make, it's worth anything in the world.
no women or wildlife?
are you excited to start becoming HUGE?
i hate how clumsy i get after working out. oh well. officially can't stand, so i can watch KUWTK on netflix, guilt free.
hm. Talk sexy to us tonight. Might get a free steak ;)
laying down bored textimg
DID YOU JUST FOLLOW ME :o<U+2665> Fangirling.
My mommy bought me a waffle iron as a welcome home present...I'm now going to eat waffles for the rest of my life
Roll em a lil sloppy but, they all blow like a fuckin champ
"Obama" should now be used in a way synonymous with "treason". The NDAA is basically martial law. I wouldn't be surprised if tea party was
Being dumb is the path of least resistance.
the "secret" was that Terry mcallister was going to ask me out. I told him I had a bf. I feel bad but I can't believe
Really you can gone & leave me the fck alone !
Lifes a movie that I've seen to many times.
Watching some 2011 #Pitt game film. What the hell did I just get myself into? I can't work miracles... Thank god Rushel Shell is on the way.
play dress up and eat ice cream for dinner.
Hey everyone, check out our new branding! Designed by Sara Coffey!
So far a home run and just hit a triple to score a run.
no, it's a tattoo in white ink
long lonely walk lol
Don't count on others to make your dreams come true. Go out and make them come true for yourself.
Nothing like STARTING my run this late in the morning. I need LOUD MUSIC to gain some momentum....
I love yo ass like Milhouse love Lisa
8 years in town? I'm going on 6 this fall :) thanks for the follow
Hadn't used Prezi in a while. I'm impressed with the options & control
ohhhhMooooooom! You are crazy fun, wise and keep us on our toes. I love how you roll!!!
PLEASE DONT EVER STOP DOING THIS!!! This is the best feed by far for #PSU info
R.I.P. Donna Summer, lost battle with cancer at 63. Another voice in heaven.
“: First take gets me hyped in the AM!” The best!!!
Headed to Hartford Memorial Baptist Church for their social justice conference.
I'm excited that Coco Crisp wants to play for a contender in 2012... that will hopefully save the Cubs from themselves.
Sorry for the randomness. Lol.
I call racist bullshit on El Pollo Loco, my Mexican chicken was not crazy at all but well educated and mannered.
Best of luck this weekend. Not sure if you're reppin anybody for upcoming draft but if you are, my thoughts are with you.
Have a cold, feel like shit!
I just noticed that in both Avatar and District 9, humans become aliens and then turn on humans.
can i keep you?
str8 chillin...done with classes for the day :)
Sanity, not just for the left anymore.
Hey there! Sorry I've been slow to respond (no excuses). I don't think I have your email - do you mind DM'ing it? :)
hm the same ;)...but also happy for this day to finally be here- um i'm drinking Vodka
7 weeks 'til summer vacation!!! :) and I'll be a senior!!! Whoop!
Accidentally in love... ~
@ paseo on fremont
Omg. "seems like you're ready". Can't get it out my head. R kelly. Hate 2 love him. What a show.
No, Great Clips Lady, I don't want to be in "your system". I just want a friggin haircut.
What, no instagr.am!?
“Some of the worst mistakes of my life have been haircuts.” - Jim Morrison, lead vocalist of TheDoors
I am listening to Funky House from Digitally Imported radio on my Squeezebo Boom. The music lives up to the station's title.
Thanks so much guys! Your support has been fantastic!!
you should start a Pogues cover band.. I'll be Kirsty MacColl.
Thank you, ! Miss you lots
I will give you feed back soon
Mobile phone is going to end up being the owners identity in the cloud - "key" in the chip of the phone provides access to apps.
If helping with homebrew competitions could be my full-time job, I would happily get up early every Saturday.
Need a new game. Risk just isn't cutting it anymore
not sure how many true locals, but we've gotten about 40 submissions, talked to dozens more!
yes I did...thank's 4 the shout :)
Hour til I get off then to get a mani/pedi before my family party.
Good morning fellow estheticians & spa owners. I'm getting ready for my holiday party.Are you doing anything special for ur parties this yr?
Gone you know, held to another like clutched ivy
Discontent is the first necessity of progress. - Thomas Edison
im not today
thank you! :)
2007Jeep Grand Cherokee Overland is built like a tank. I have 70,000 miles on my and just now replaced rear brakes, front stil good.
Life feels so repetitive right now
ha ha I may be there this summer sometime lol ATL always holding me down
Ugh I missing American Idol because I am still waiting for to get off work :/
Wat wit the nfl damn let's play
Blade Runner may be more iconic and geek-cred-must, but I really believe Alien is a better movie.
How r u?
haha it's so amazing!
did you see when the old asian guy made the woman text and say: "cute baby, but its not mine. its not even asian"
Kanye West "Big Brother" FULL SONG GRADUATION
Pulse listeners: Stop by Culture Fresh (dwntn Phx in Arizona Center). 20% disc if you mention The Pulse & the topic Rock the Bells
thank you! It's fun to tweet about such a great band.
Ugh wanna get out the house
There has been a lot of rain recently. That is okay with me. Driving in it not so fun.
EAST Coast & West Coast funk Unite! Friday night live at 9pm at w (NYC)
yeah! That's true!!! And this food is making me so happy!!!!! Like reall happy!
T'halia,me too
can not wait for never say never directors fan cut even though i already saw it in theaters im still buying it! <3
Oh my Tweet, Tweet!
That one person that got you saying "Damn, I'm sprung AF.. <U+2665>" >>>>
Me RT : who up?
Come out to tonight to see The Flats perform LIVE at 7:30 pm!!
..what they suffered & sacrificed for the difficult dream of public accommodations. Our fight will follow similar setbacks.
More Billie Jean King: "I was married to a guy for a long time, so I've been heterosexual, bisexual, and a lesbian."
Yes RT : Does anyone else miss the days when Super Bowl ads actually debuted during the Super Bowl?
Dammit KG. Fucken dumb ass josh smith though,u can't shoot,y r u taking a jump shot there
I love it that couples now use twitter to fight with each other... As if I give a shit what he renamed your iPhone as. #petty &
hey can u help to get to 2,000 followers so i can follow u n the other followers
I really wanted a diff one but it looked weird on me :(
dumb is not even the only word dumb and retarded
open up the floodgates huh? so should the PDs be a blank dropping of various tech possibilities
Starting Thursday, Airlines will be required to include all mandatory taxes and fees in published airfare.
please don't grow up too fast stay innocent as long as possible...your cousin Kai says Hey
It's been a while since we've said hello to our new followers! Hi & welcome, you good lookin' Ninjas! Stay tuned for our summer adventures!
Does the weather influence your creative juices?
"How Do You Protect Your Mind, Heart & Soul" ? *(*.
Aww..... I have a bulldog too. He's 8 months.
Follow Me :)
i'm now official!
Hehe. And we'd love that! :)
It's never a good idea 2 ask ppl who don't see their own greatness 2 try & see yours.
Meeting with the Style Network today!!
I've become one of those ppl who want to talk about their dog at all times. I refrain...SO still meeting need- pic = 1000 words, no?
Thanks - explains why it's not part of econ. impact report MT After hiatus Diamond BID started collecting assessments 7/2011.
Trying my hardest not to get back to NYC after wknd in Cambridge. Missed 1st bus, went to wrong station for the 2nd. Finally en route now!
My class is like so dead !!!
“: Lmao u cray RT : I wish I was on days of our lives!! Lol” lol hey!! U never sent me an email lol
Did you get that margarita?
Maria A. Oquendo, M.D.: Predicting Treatment Response in Major Depression: The Use of Biosignatures: A new national study on "biosign...
I hate texting people first. I feel awkward, annoying and unwanted.
Sounds like my school, and Its even worse that my boy cousin and I are in the same grade and share the same friends, So
Thanks for the screen shots guys! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
It's on the espn3 website
We have NCAA football for you! Wide variety of contests for each conference, heisman hopefuls, Top 25, etc.!
Add "Leaving off the 's' in ' Brussels Sprouts'" to the list of things that fling us into a white hot rage.
California's ban on gay marriage prior that was overruled today.
Wishing everyone a Happy & Safe Memorial Day Weekend!
Man NJ knew they had to stay out of the penalty box. Also, goalie interference? Seen it called for less.
FACT: Adults ages 30-45 take on more caregiver responsibilities as they raise own families & pursue careers.
My shop open its now in Bangkok Thailand "CanDy"
Greg fuckin Fitzsimmons on Ice House Chronicles. Awesome.
NewYrkr:Corker asked (auto)execs their plans 4 the twenty-five billion dollars,conceded they didn't have any; they'd just divvy up the money
i got a camaro.
looking forward to having you, see you in June!
Ask me about my new line of greeting cards.
I <3 everyone of the RHOBH ladies!! So beautiful and each unique in their own way! BTW
Super busy. Just finding out. RT : 3...2...1... until catches news of antawn Jamison skipping the exit interviews.
RT RT : On my way to mail in my YES vote for #OneUnion, united. #SAGAFTRA --> Awesome!!
thanks love.<3
I hope you and are singing your lungs out on your car ride down to Florida!
lmao your dads face !
plzzzzzzz follow me!!!!!
our little Justin bieber has grown up! Dang I love the boyfriend music video gave me chills!
A compelling argument...I still haven't made up my mind because I've been consuming mainly propaganda from both sides.
Awe the Animals on the Today show are cute(:
Sam and McBain were in another soap ages ago.Thats what the references are abt. McBain was a vampire in it
Dirk Gets A Fever and the whole Mavs team get hot 2 now thats messed up Miami will get them game5
Think big or GO THE FUCK HOME.
TS Don = Disappointing. We had such high hopes for you.
Thanks! I thought it was worth the read, but it definitely needs the next book to be more complete.
is one acoustically challenged venue...
Good night sweet dreams(;
Let The bubbles begin
This sucks!
Went to a liquor distributor trade show yesterday. Talk about your Booze Camp...
hah...southwest...but maybe I'll spring for a drink or two...
I ment gay
Don't get me started on SpecLab & the German waterbed company. That was my PhD research made un-citable.
Managers who use Klout as a hiring tool will get replaced by (Klout: 76) And that will be a better world.
Getting sick. Can't squeak! I feel like part of me is missing.
jk im at home
Gonna have a great weekend with my yammykins... <3 :)
just called Carrot Top "legendary?" Seriously?
SOMETIMES U GOTTA PLAY THE GAME.
what's good man. Hope all is well.
According to a 1995 survey, 7 out of 10 British dogs get Christmas gifts from their doting owners.
Not all my fault. Z is playing like shit too.
Never wrong or right
I sure hope we're having a winning season when we step onto the field in the throwbacks..... y'all know what I mean huh?
Taylor draws the charge after trying to pick up a sloppy pass to Evans.
just fun :D
it's easy to get West Coast Scrapple! We ship it to you!
Sometime your body cant always have what it wants.
lol Keep trying! All part of the 12 days of Xmas, this is only day 2! Number 3 is on Monday.
The things I would do to be photogenic. My eyes are all closed so I look like I'm sleeping. Just taking a pic, stay open damnit.
y u look at me then what he say
DUDE is the owl not the BEST thing you've ever seen? as soon as I find 3000 euro it will be yours.
Stay classy #westvirginia idiots
burning up in the business school. Not sure if it's bc it's warm in here, or being in this building makes me nervous.
So in 3 hours I will be celebrating my birthday..its not just my birthday but birthday as well...12/30
I'd put Ray Allen's "You've gotta be kidding!" face up against anyone. Not just in sports. In life.
RT : #cheezballalert my Anns really do remind me I'm tall, strong, powerful, and a graceful lady...
Connect with me on Twitter:
BTW, that last image is a detail from a traditional Korean drum in the baggage claim area of Seoul's Gimpo airport - great welcome!
Time to get ready for the weekend! Visit us at 6320 Winchester Rd
well let me know how the move goes.
doing my egg osmosis lab. awesome stuff right there.
#drugreactions: #Internet is a source of information. Check online the side effects of your
Happy bday ! The world is a better place with you in it.
Caitlin & CaitlinLovers? Are you fucking kidding me right now?
WOO HOO!!! Annoying co-worker being sent home next week!!! Happy Dance time
that would be wonderful. There's some great work being produced on list and others.
Here's a cute one for dog lovers. Ducati's first motorized bike was called a puppy and in the Italian translation they called it "Cucciolo".
People who make bad decisions , are more fun to hang out with ...
what??? Que? Lol I don't understand
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>RT : meant to tell u nice avi glad to know ur real lmao
I think vacation ate my brain too.
Yea... Really just need this to be over.
Just presented "linked data in a nutshell" to our practicum student. Hope I wasn't too scary-enthusiastic.
so i got a shit load of clothes to put away -__- as my boyfriend is driving around with kids for something dumb
Bless Up Bless Up to all the new fans and of course all the current fans we got some good stuff coming your way!
#VanBos #StanleyCup I see some hard hitting. Gritty hockey. With a bruins 4-2 win.
One gorgeous Friday outside! Get out and enjoy!
Lol you cant hang!
"In the music business bigger is not necessarily better. In fact, I believe smaller is actually better."
Save the Dates are out! Mark your calendars for our 12th Annual Fashion Show, March 16th 2012. Featuring our amazing participants as models.
long ass tongue tight pussy no taste no smell m good ass pussy ..lick lick taste taste..kiss that shit luv that shit smoke that shit
Doubt whom U will, but never yourself!
I do not understand how my 50lb dog manages to monopolize the entire queen size bed. Men...
"I go camping in secret!"
Ron, apologies for the delay - we will follow up with you today.
Good morning everybody stay blessed
good to hear. Do you need a mix for the song you just recorded?
looks great
ayy frank how u doin. Follow back kid
Congress has determined that British prisoners taken from the surrender at St. John's should be taken to Reading, Lancaster and York in Penn
everyone go follow my cousin , she's new to twitter !! :))
No worries!
good meeting you and the crew too! Fun times!
Thought I lost all my music and my world was turned upside down... all retrieved... wat a blessing
yea make a nigga think I'm glad I wasn't there lol
This morning feels like MONDAY morning. Time to fire up the Keurig!
This announcer has to be a UK fan. Every 2 minutes mentions UK.
Heavy into developing this Murphy Brown app
Rejoice in the small things, and God will give you more
You'll still get it. Patience my friend...
This girl #Christina on #MySuperSweet16 right now who thinks she's so hot is actually really ugly
just went to a great underground co-op in Mount Pleasant where they were playing the full I have a DREAM speech on the radio
#ItsCrazyHow you act like nothing even happened...
I'm thinking about making it my facebook pic lol
Want to do blast on our twitter or your looking for a email blast to 10,000+ address. Contact us today for more info.. Prices starting at $5
g shit shit. Wife and widen yo ass up .
Its not about just sharing news, but about shaping the news
lol. Technically it was Prince Phillip, and yeah, still messed up. Haha.
This is hilarious.
That's what it was. Switched to chrome and it loaded fine.
“: just pre-ordered. The wait begins! It's going to be tough, can't wait!” Thank you, Carter!
I thought the exact same thing when I saw them! What's the point of spending taxpayer money on that?
Staying home by yourself on 4/20 and pretending to get that context high
Mitchell was one of my favorites on the show. You will be missed.
No more Tweets from you tonight. :(
how'd that work out for you last year?
Kind of apples and oranges since HL2 is strictly on rails.
Thanks for following me. I enjoy your work.
made senior 1 at brandon allstars. time to get this backhand spring down packed so i can hopefully get moved up
No. Oatmeal raisin is basically my favorite besides chocolate chip
omg my crush talked to me today (: -shelby
#GOREDS BEAT MASON...wait....uh beat the marlins
thanks for checking out bundle. Let me know if you have any suggestions! Jaidev
same GM that reneged on trading us Cliff Lee after giving verbal agreement before trading deadline in '10. #smoaksbeenabust lol
“: 2000 tweet comin up(: any sellers” me!;)
this has got to be the longest day of my life
no but I am interested in learning ASL. Part of discussion today, the university is running a class now for nearby residents.
odd Wisconsin never been to boston to hoop till today
I Hope So
Compensated in oats, not cash.
Hurry up and wait
thanks sarah! Looking v much forward to your #altac panel too!
No because I hate that their is a player that just has to focus on two aspects of the game.
i so much to think about its all up to me im get do wat i got do cant wait on noboby to do shit for u just sayin
yes please we miss them and if u do another one we will love it!:)
thank you so much!
i feel like i havnt tawked to my cousin in decades :((
Just one more day until Richard Dawkins and Bad Religion at !
i miss you ' sugaa pie hunny bun! (:
RIP Adam Yauch
- This Summer Gone Be A Mess .
Pumped for 2 full hours of #Glee tonight! #props #nationals =D
Okay, the Tivo's on and I'm going to have to turn on
It's going to be a beautiful day in the miltown
speaking of tv...when is your new show starting?
I was supposed to come down this week! but my parents canceled:/
Just got my badge!
Although I may deny ownership of hammer. Or knowing the alleged potential assailant. Or existence of hammers at all.
Isn't ironic that the thing stopping me from writing my paper on social media IS social media?
RT RT : Per reporting #Flames have signed Brendan Morrison,
disappointed overall.
did he seriously do that?
thanks for the inner-circle privilege; looking forward ;^)
thanks for the shout out about Lisa from #GameNight. And so true we do, lol, I used to be her. Ughh!
we need to link up and slaughter this R&B music game...rt
My phones been acting so retarded omg I'm about to throw it at my wall
Morning Twitter <3
Nice profile pictures.
Havin a asthma attack
If your in Chicago stop by for outstanding Mexican food ~ def'tly one of my favorites!
will do =]
just make sure all pics come "accidentally" to me lol
dude...you'll get me into trouble! It was extraordinarily written. I want to see the finished product!
I will, yea come check us out, Im gonna come over there for a game too
Are you shitting me?
Do you have an idea that will change the world for the better? We have to push forward and stop being scared! (or lazy).
having or taking? ;)
need to finish this hw but i dont wanna be reading about loneliness in old age on a sunday night!
- sadly no. I think they even had the nerve to insinuate a sequel!
The #Badgers are a little rough to watch, no? Almost makes me second-guess taking off the first two days of the NCAA tourney. Almost.
You can name it, if you house it and get the big guys to approve ;)
lower space access costs- Step 1- Manufacture your fuels from space, deliver to Earth and radically cheapen rocket fuels
I like your style, im routing for you on ANTM :)
Hope this news won't replace the standard santorum definition when one googles his name.
I wish she would have pick Damon
Silkk the Shocker? Really? Turns chainsaw towards >
I just laid there in protest, entirely fucked. It's such a stubborn reminder one perfect night's not enough.
What book?
its even worse when you are talkin trash publicly bout someone you came up with,worked with forever etc.
Henny bottles, ciroc bottles my bro wasted -,- he just opened some vodka smfh
Love #Denver &
Yes, but unlike cats they sucker you in with unconditional love.
ok since you don't reply and i have to go i'll sign out from your account and delete the msg with your username and password
HAPPY EASTER EVERYONE!
It's imperative that we stop and get ice cream tonight. And this month's Confetti Cake blizzard looks amazing!!
Good night, Maile! Sweet dreams! :-)
Thanks for the plug!
thanks for giving me courage to stand up for myself you truly inspired me to #StandGrand and HAPPPYYYYY BIRTHDAY!(: follow???
when was the last time you went a whole day with out being on line or checking your email?
sounds good to me. Screamin Happy Birthday to my favorite person in the whole world. Love u babe hope this wk/month/yr is grt
Looking at summer camps for my girls and feeling completely overwhelmed.
“: It all starts tonight! #LetsGoPens #PensIn7”
ONE-LINER: The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting.
Shes SO AMAZING
Boston And LA Out??? ITS A NEW DAY!!
they needa free the wavvyy man
bought a new Acer tablet!!!! so excited
I like food. And I like Key Club. Tonight should be fun...
youre gonna have to expand your #twittergame during the offseason - cant have you losing followers like that
Tied. OMG
if this crazy woman will let me drive!
aww thnxs ;) you still look cool in yours too
I don't get home til like 8:30 so my "free" time is very valuable. What should I focus on tonight - painting, recording, beats, or writing?
I just want you to miss me like the way you make me miss you...
Oh Ok, I Am
Boycott Rush or we will Boycott you. Iike you're re-imaging, don't screw it up with this!
have a great weekend! xxoo
love the play by play!!!
Thanks for the follow! Love the forum you've established on the guest-blogging site. I can't wait to sink my teeth into it. :-)
Looking for a part-time evening Reference Librarian in New York, please contact me if you are interested and I can tell you more about the …
GREAT essay Jim.
Awesome job and Rama!
ARC then LA later.
Latest Poll: 75% of Americans will vote for Romney if he uses more hip phrases such as "Have a Cow" or "Word to Your Mother".
Fire official confirms: Woodburn High School will be closed all next week due to fire damage.
Oh... HUGE HUGE #Changes coming soon! We're gonna be an all new bar!
Thanks for the lead! Sadly, we need to be out by the 31st of this month... CC
Of course obama approves of same sex marriage. We're all getting ass-fucked.
I told y'all... Kevin Durant was NOT going to let OKC lose this game at home...
Musée Ask: Which was your favorite picture in Musée first issue?
So excited.. The dayleys are playing :3
Hope you make it! Let me know how it is!
Sweet dreams hope everybody sleeps well(:
now where u going amber?
Shortage of crawfish due to the cold snap. I can only get 33lbs. See y'all at 4pm
Wonderful! We love to hear that. Thanks for spending Valentine's Day with us!
just left the studio it's raining out side rain rain go away
Looking good. I dig the SuperStew curl.
I meant dorky!!!
Also, it should probably go without saying but go get 's Bloom. #30HzRecommended #bestof2012?
I think I'm gonna go red today :) #myhairbetterturnoutgood #fingerscrossed <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
that's gonna be too funny haha
THANK YOU LORD FOR A PERSISTENT DRIVE
Grappled this morning, skatepark this afternoon with son, writing letters to schools tonite. Who else ignored hurricane clean up duty today?
WTF I mean "wow that's fantastic"
Hope everyone had a good weekend. Mine was alright. Cant complain.
Thanks for the shout out! It's an honor to celebrate our #volunteer heroes!
#WordsINeverWantToHear "I Hate you" :(
I'm serious... Someone come over
RT : turning??? // Har har. I just programmed a meteorite to destroy Dublin. I hope you lied on your twitter bio.
#zap I found the boys.
that film is not a joke! it's also one of my favorite.
No prob man . Keep up all the Great work ..
G'Morning, As former military, we support our brave troops by offering 50% off auto detailing: Valid on 3 most popular packages. Active/Vets
1st one I got wrong
Thanksgiving Fun Fact: Turkey has more protein than chicken or beef
Yeah, I'm just struggling to make sense of how things broke down so badly tonight.
Watching the most recent EMT... I was thinking you need to invent a special bacon flipping tongs...
Back from a rousing game of "which 3rd-party Amazon seller is responsible for which credit card charges?" with Accounting.
thank u love! *puts on headphones*
Gonna have to really start watching what we discuss on our walks.
how does that affect our friendship tho
Agreed RT : Sxsw for sure failed in naming the panel hashtags.
To all My friends check out Paul Borges Music, lot's of news there!
"Do you think of me the way I think of you? Do you hope for things most likely won't come true?" ::sarah jarosz::tell me true::
But I'm your princess <U+E022><U+E10E>
Stuntin' all on my old flangs , styling all on my haters Presidential is rose gold, say it's time to get paper
FYI Often quoted 70 20 10 rule came from 1980’s at the Center for Creative Leadership Morgan McCall, Robert Eichinger and Michael Lombardo
we all miss you and we will always remember you, #RIPvaleria <U+2639> <U+2605>
I think Ronny Turiaf is the last player in the nba still with cornrows #wizheat Amare did rock them last night though
I aim to please. Unfortunately, apparently so does she.
Making green chili for #mondayfunday tonight. I started the pork last night its already falling off the bone going to be so tasty!!
I've had this feeling with the Steelers and Mavericks. But NOTHING comes close to this. Kentucky basketball is a part of me.
Halloween was pretty chill for me this year;)
RT : Next week will be our #mediachat guest on the topic of "Brand Loyalty". Thursday at 10pm EST.
Now onto coaching 13-yr old girls volleyball for Those 13-yr olds will crush that inflated ego by making fun of me.
Dave Mathews "Listener Supported" ... Few albums I enjoy more than this
"I Wear My SunGlasses at Night". Where I get that From? $10 to the Person Who Knows....
I hadn't heard that one yet. Really good song.
Saw a report stating #Facebook may offer $5 billion for IPO on Wednesday. God I hope it's not in Farmville dollars!
sometimes that is true. We have our own treadmill, so that helps a bit
Haha when i was placed superviser for the speedway and ppl had a problem i was 18yrs. I told them i could easily replace them
Go Rangers! Come watch the game with us tonight at 6:05pm!
saw fellow photog Mark today in the farmer's market & accidentally called him Spencer! Ha! Do u know what his twitter name is?
Damn, those seasonal allergies have turned on this morning!
So many try-hards on Twitter.
ayye!!! bru big ups on the music man do you have a email or something would love to do some work w/you im a rapper...
Swamplandia! by Karen Russell and Mavis Gallant short stories
Okay I'm done lyric tweeting (:
well, I miss her too ;n; and my mom mentioned you again lol, she was like "Where is Richard? Do you still talk to him?"
maybe your body just has to get used to not waiting for it...
sobriety is very annoying
Happy St Patty's Day from your LA Hollywood Tans! Stop in today to get a tan under that green clothing you're wearing!
ME AND JR CHILLIN WATCHIN THE AVENGERS CARTOON THO ...
I lost your number >.< if you have my number text me. Or give me your number please?
or rather... thank you FOR all the support Seattle. We definitely love you.
Nothing succeeds like success ...let's go people!! Heads up, ambitions high!!
Thanks for the RT :)
how are you doing can I get a follow back.
oh jeez
it was the same guys plus Reddick if u want to try to send to me?
When you getting your shirts?! More importantly, when are we getting that lunch?!
I don't know that song.....
Got my poster and belt buckle! Fucking awesome!
#IWishTheyWouldBringBack extremely low gas prices. that would make my life so much easier
First grader, on my shell necklace: "Miss! Are you the Queen of Snails?"
Tonight you can get pitchers of Coors/Miller Light or Skip & Go Naked for $5. Also try a delicious Ice Cream Drink for $4
looks like im doing some end of the year reorganizing in my room lol
thanks :) Great to see you today!
yes true story and thank-you for the RT ; )
DNC Tri-Super forced out Saturday Evening at Southland. Jackpot at $10K with 8 add ins to go. Play in races 12 and 14.
I have to give cudos to Larry Wirtz.. Not taking anything away from u.. He knows who to hire:)
Don't feel well at all.... Not at all
The Cleveland Cavaliers get NBA FIT in the kitchen, hosting a cooking class for 25 young adults.
Connect with on twitter and at our meeting tonight! VADM 129 at 4:15 to learn all about how to market yourself on
OMG Im heartily sorry4havng offended Thee&Idetest all my sins...but most of all cuz thy offend Thee...Who are all good&desrving of all my <3
Piers Morgan in England is known for being a talent show host...in the US....soccer commentator.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Escape for a new car!
