Just tried to tell my iPhone about 30 times to add a birthday to today's calendar. Feeling like those commercials are a little misleading.
brewers have one thing no one has. FIRST AND ONLY player to beat the system. Wins in my book.
we love the old nicki way better then the new nicki!!!! NickiMinaj Is The Best Female Rapper
ah. this girl is the cutest thing ever (:
BLADs and ARCs, oh my! I always love planning for a new season. Especially when it means that I can think of July.
Literally so much commitment to foursquare
I'm tryna put this in ya life!
RT : #FF Can't wait to see you all tonight at #BNOnyc! --> Me too!
yea ok so i did c u lol i was right there when he did that, your feet almost hit me lol. and yea i no monte is my fav now that
whips are pervocative
John Ryan is singing an original song entitled, "Blast Off to My Heart".
ha I would dump him too!!
thanks for the b'day greetings, promise to send a photo later.
Insomnia is driving me nuts, can't sleep at all. #SN: everyone follow me on twitter
Brilliant episode last night, #CaseHistories. & thanks for a great password, Kate Atkinson: Ozymandias.
& if no one has suggested or , i will; i read wonks, but i follow ppl like those i named
“: You mean nothing to me now <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>”since when...lol
My phone is about to die
"I can't keep bringing up the Orange Bowl at dinner parties. No1 even remembers that game anymore"- great video on KSR
Thanks for the FS!
Randy your fuckin fool for that one.... what a dick
thanks for following! I won't let you down!
looks pretty cool! Lets you build native iOS apps in
Kerfuffle is my new favorite word
Este good to meet you today at the Rivera Pool party, this is Sarah, i was with Puma would love to get that pic from ya*
It happens to all of us.
We are having a FIERCE time here in the Lash Studio! Come get Fierce with us at Fierce Friday at Smashin Lashes Couture Eye Studio on 8mile
Watt tomorrow 6-9pm. Paradox Isle of Arran and Tokio on draft. Punk, Hardcore, and Chaos Theory in bottles.
Horns allowed 5'9" guard Keiton Page 27 points in the first half. OK St up 51-39 at the break. Incl FTs, Page has missed just 2 of 21 shots.
AP: Mass. US Sen. race costliest in nation so far
The fact that Josh cant even spell Cecilia right.. haha. #Weenie!
Who is everyone more excited for this summer...Incubus or the Black Keys?
You are quite welcome :) happy to inspire!
On our way to my parents for Emily's fifth Birthday party and Arenellos pizza.
watching Burn in Hell, and your bit about"why not?"was damn true as an aspiring game designer and artist,that shit hit hard!
Dude where's my car
And one of our porters picked today of all days to quit.
House of Anubis was great! but it sucks tht patricia got stuck in the girls bathroom & eddie thought she ditched him:(...
Take your umbrella. It's a rainy day in #Queens,
So when is filing taxes going to get disrupted already?
Man ppl still talkin bout that amber cole situation,who hasn't done crazy shit when they was young #changedasubject ()
sorry to hear that. Relax and kick your feet up. You deserve a day.
Sometimes I be straight forgetting to text people back..
Not that it's a bad thing
I'm happy to say my mentees are kicking butt!
School buses! GRRR
cant wait to get my lip piercings done!!! ^__^
Hey Artsy #Photography people... Meet ! He is an amazing #Detroit photographer and an equally amazing person!
Château Latour Abandons Futures System (Wine Spectator) As the château gains more control over sales, will it hurt the rest of Bordeaux?
Spinnin at Brush Creek Saloon in Eagle Colorado if your around come hang out
Bahaha. You dork. Actually I'm related to most people on this overly populated island. For all you know we might be related...
I hope it doesn't get busted
Recover/Recoup RT Good Morning! Hope everyone had a great weekend and is ready to rock out the week!!
Dear London, prepare to Black Up!
I feel you my bro! It's all about the kingdom and getting to the another level, the next dimension.
If you perform shows to other peoples beats
preaching to the choir!
OMG your hair is amazing!!!
Sorry to hear about your aunt. How are you doing?
“ These finals in taking is hard as fuck , I regret not paying attention all year”
we need to trend something for the boyz, together alright? just tweet me what you would like to trend and we'll do it:) TOGETHER. lol :)
hahaha aw lou did you get booked?! obviously jealous of your amazing good looks and perfect voice. love you! .xx
& our 500th follower IS-a dating hotline? ehhh-no prize for you we're glad to see following - Hi, Susan :)
We are almost ready to put up the new Christmas card exhibit. Come to the Parkway to see our exhibit on Carolyn Haywood before it's gone.
that kid stays in jail
If you want a better view come to the lovely Upper Upper West side, near Columbia U. I'll give you a tour! Love your music
Finally a new twitter Avi
Busy night, but successful, is the best!
Great! Looking forward to it, I've heard good things about this season... It's taking up a lot of space on my dvr.
Congrats Mr. Met! You're the #1 baseball mascot! Woo-hoo! :)
That district has seen some turn over. Will be interesting!
#storagewars beats the pants off of
When i randomly drop things for no reason of course i say shit under my breath mostly :-)
Did you guys know a cockroach can live several weeks with its head cut off?!
Chuck Brown... Rest In Peace
Last night I had a scarily realistic dream that guested on Colbert Report, baby in tow. Sounded great; Stephen was a fan.
Social media has only enhanced my family's inability to communicate. Nothing like a facebook message to tell you your grandfather's ill.
Elevator pitches about to kickoff at the #FSTA. Interested to learn about all the new biz/products in the fantasy sports realm.
It's the last day for photo submissions! If you or someone you know needs a serious spice cabinet face lift, enter now or forever hold...
interactions are dead HELLO IS ANYONE OUT THERE
RampRate Provides Additional Transparency in Selection of Data Center and Co-location Partners through Update to ...
Summer Babies on deck.... Gemini, CANCERS, Leo!
Interviewing is a skill. Take time to prepare & u will benefit. U will gain confidence & ur performance will improve.
We tried it in 2008, but maybe there's enough interest in a Xoso Ultimate Frisbee league now?
my head goin in circles so high i feel like im walkin on the moon in scared to come to down
Taco taco tacos. W/ the family then leaving Orlando and going home to jax. Bye bye weekend #tired!
CASHER nails another top play on the Kansas City Chiefs.
WWC employees celebrated #Cinco de Mayo @ Tacos Guaymas by Greenlake!! YUM! How's the rest of the twitter world enjoying the holiday??
“: you know I love all your music! You have a beautiful voice! Such a gift!” now u just bein too kind... Ty!!
Another win in the bag.. EASY...
thanks- that's nice to hear. I think the class'll be a lot of fun, but I'm a little biased.
Say it's say it's so
thx again Brad! Just need to hit our goal in next 10 days, $14k more to go!
You all have been way too nice to me today. I'll respond to you all tonight and try to live up to your kindness! :)
Question: What are the panelists' views of re-imagining the role of #peerreview?
it was nice seeing you and kevin! What a nice unexpected encounter miss you doee!
Nine black. If you get a chance to play.
Hurrah! RT:Ohio State is a Bike Friendly University. Mayor Coleman presents our sign at 10:30 bike shelter event
Haha, not yet. Two is already a crowd.
Consider changing the phrase "I have to" to "I get to", or "I choose to" for the next 24 hours. It's fun to feel the shift in perspective.
Tomorrow cant come fast enough.
also, real life computery people always make me feel like a Luddite.Screen flurry but the fingers never touch a track pad.hotkeys
I love u guys! We made it! We r now in high school yay!! MAY*MY*B-DAY!!!! <3
am I, like, the only girl who can speak business with you without getting on my knees? LMFAO
hey bro didn't you mess up your meniscus or no?
RT : Sitting at the airport drinking a brew waiting for 's flight to land
I agree! and are such camera hogs. I will send more pics pronto!
got my Buffy fix tonight. Watched switch it up in "Who Are You?" never gets old.
I had not seen this! Thanks!
"I wish I was a hot chick" - Rube Sheeber
Over the past decade, I've attended this exact, same meeting at least 8 times.
I saw what i would look like if i were fat O.O im never ever letting myself get fat..
thanks!! Your wrap bracelets are uhhhhmazing
how does it begin to become possible to visualize a writing in which the economic is not the dominant value?
Hows everyone today?
Dang I really have to head back to fay today
In the early stages of trying to get an Art Fight event at MICA. Would you be interested in participating/drawing?
This week's SNL (w/ Jonah Hill) has been so whacky, I can barely handle it. That monkey/scientist sketch?! Is that Tom Hanks?
will you follow me.?(:
It's so cool being friends with - she wins free stuff ALL THE TIME on Twitter
- I am comfortable with marriage between people who want to marry, whatever the reason - hopefully, they are in love
@ Camden Yards in Baltimore about to do my last set. Finally an outside gig that isn't a 100 degrees!! :)
That nigga went off on that boy ahaha
great advice, didn't think about that! Happy holidays!
I'm liking the #icantdateyouif trend.
hey today is the jeremy's birthday !
It was great seeing you today. I wish you were still there like you were back in the day.
"He will b t sure foundation4 ur times, a rich store of salvation& wisdom &knowledge, th fear of the Lord is t key 2this treasure." ISA 33:6
How many people here have telekenetic powers? Raise my hand
Niggas in paris #TUNE!
Yo I got some old flicks of us Cthu
...a guy I spoke with who represents the IL Railway Museum told me that a friend who lives near CTA's Skokie Shops witnessed a sad scene...
you go to montana???
lol no you're a jerk! I cant even say a little two letter word without feeling dumb....
G. M. Trevelyan~ Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
Green Power Energy staff had a great day today at PV America. Great to meet so many new people and learn about new opportunities in solar!
Q4 Humane Society. I gave out information about pets and volunteering at public events. Great way to strengthen outreach skills.
probably in about 6 weeks
buy me sumn!
Sweet! Amazing how intelligent gamification increases collaboration for accelerating business innovation in the Enterprise!
The truth is the hardest pill to swallow
Gary Busey is on Wendy Williams saying he thinks everyone should vote for Trump...So if you needed any more proof that this is a bad idea...
My Morning > Now
You are a racist toy collector Cresta!
A day To remember <3
Treat every baby picture posted on FB like it's a caption contest and make those babies utter the filthiest smut
Baron Davis just fucked his shit up!!!
RT : things fall apart
Flavia we miss u hope u got a great time in ur new school and class we love u and u now SPARGEL *
Holy shit. Since when did my mom know how to make sushi?
They're saving those for Detroit. I know it!
Nothing moves but the money.
"We all have two choices: We can make a living or we can design a life."
<U+266C> We're here, we're listening <U+266C> Live, Feel, Enjoy Music <U+266C>
what's hope floats?
. Great to finally meet you in person today! So glad to be working with the social team. Loving it already.
Did anyone go to the open house at Fenway today? How was it?
i only smelled it because I was coming home. Now I am too lazy to see if it still smells. :)
Thanks for entering the #BkSq photo contest! :)
hide out...
#TwitterCrushes <3 this boy has my heart (:
#GRAMMMYs blew my mind last night, so many gr8 performances!
Phone ready die wtf
Ah trick play....touche rams....touche...yet you're still losing...o!...yeaahhhh!...m. Score board.
When are you coming home?
:) I am stoked to hear them!
How hard would you have to tongue punch her fart box to knock her out?
so has will middlebrooks already outplayed youk after just one game? lol.
"Good thing you still have your boyface." -the creepiest thing said to me by a 20 something guy at a party re: my age.
Why does meek mill have so much hype?
omg I just spit out my orange juice from laughing so hard! Yes, hello!
"Would you ever include a girl member in One Direction?" "Well yeah... there's Liam."
now that i'm not a real student i have started writing papers that sound unprofessional just like i'm talking...and i like it!
Proud of u Made it thru 4 innings of the crew-cubs game before i had to go back to the parking lot to drink more and play bags
Hey, Twitter, is there a YA novel you could recommend that falls into the "slipstream" genre? I'm not sure I get what this is.
soon com bak....
great drama
Chemistry homework :( OR stare at the wall :D....what to do, what to do
Its hot ass shit in dis classroom
The fortune in my cookie: How can you have a beautiful ending without making beautiful mistakes. <3
Count Chocula for lunch is about as goth as it gets, guys.
Yayy my sister just got out of class.. Now omw to help my brother look for his tuxedo :3
My mom is teaching my grandma how to play Draw Something. Interesting, to say the least.
Did i really just miss a ustream?! :O I have missed it for like 4 weeks now. :(
": I know racist cops who don't shoot as much as JR Smith"neva lose confidence keep firing suppose to he hit big 3
I think we agree: I like the idea more than the execution. Could be a really thoughtful gift if done right. How was Denver?
Ok! Thanks! Is it okay if I don't live in DC? All my Goodwill finds are from the Indianapolis locations.
BREAKING: I won every category.
I couldn't get into the other Stargate series' but SGU is totally worth it. One of the best sci-fi series I've seen on TV.
is wishing things were different.
I havent written a tweet in almost 2 years Im back bitches
Omg I hate emptying the dishwasher <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Nadal holds off Tsonga in quarters A match that began as a comedy of errors ended in much the same fashion, as Rafael Nadal withstood sec
Dude. I need to KNOW.! What's up with the game?!?
Worst blizzard ever!
:) <3 haha feels like i havent talked to you in forever..
#SchoolMemories Everyday I make them
what a douche
thanks! Oh I wish I had the force!
These real Madrid players are just a bunch of pussies
Anyone up for Twerking tonight lol!? :D
watching the grammys!!
and I think I picked them 12-4
Trumbull CT has had another abuse report of a child with autism by an bus employee.
marmite on toast is the one.
Ryan McDonaugh got his bell rung yo
BIG SEAN IS GAY
anyone have access codes to share? I could use two. Thanks!
RT : Tonight #wjchat is talking Audio + web journalism with guest host
'Cosponsor' Facebook app would be amazing if it was a real open engagement tool and not just a PR piece for Cantor.
Did I hear a "cool Flash site" mention?
We go thus game cuz Bulls r overrated
Kevin - stop next time!!
#Assad said it himself - "No government in the world kills its people, unless it's led by a crazy person"
Good evening twitter followers. is a twitter warrior, give him a follow and see for yourself.
clearly in joining your laughter
I read that it was when WALT SIMONSON took over the book did well?!?!?!?!
Sweet dreams everyone going to sleep why tomorrow school bye
is making fresh hot delicious pizzas to order in their woodfired oven on front patio of 57 Degrees, 1735 Hancock til apx 10pm
Follow me on that Twitter thing: Baronent
So swamped. Greek Rush....weed out classes... ....sickness....time to recruit for our team!!!!!!!
IMPORTANT INFO: For the Mifflin Street Block Party this year, Mifflin St will not be closed, make sure to stay out of the street
I love Friday's I don't love bitches
Table Topics contestants speak for 2 minutes on a 5 word phrase (ie: reading fiction in the desert.) What's the origin of the 5 word phrase?
Listening to a bunch of 40+ year old men in my apartment trying to install a window. Sounds like child birth.
have a great day in school :)
Indiana Secretary of State Charlie White found guilty on six counts of voter fraud.
Can we get an insurance run for once?
No one is getting out of west LA tonight. This traffic is apocolyptic.
I want pasta.
Don't let this May Day stuff discourage you from coming out tonight! We assure you Belltown streets are clear! Avoid downtown if possible.
Now Following---->
really enjoyed our conversation, looking forward to working with you to bring great stuff to the fans
Did a voice over for The Adventures of Rawman & Green Girl - the award winning animation series. I played Candy Cacao. Stay tuned....
and yet he doesn't have a chance to face the #Bruins in the playoffs this year. go figure
Just saw one side of the family. Moving onto the other. Happy Mothahh's Day!
hahaha "The wheels still turning, but the hamsters dead"
Buffalo Bill Ax Man mows down the Cubbies.
In my rush to get ready for these 8am sessions I ended up dressing like a straight-up lumberjack
Little earthquake a couple of minutes ago, no?
I'll try to sleep more on this flight.
Amen and amen! I have lived scared for way too long!
BZ: "groundswell of self-monitoring" (PGP, ), "self-quantifying movement" show popular support for data openness.
ok, will touch base. i've got a hh in dupont first.
Good luck! Which titles is he starting in on? That's right around when I got into Batman with Knightfall.
I must admit, my life is better without certain people in it. And it has been swell.
Me too! RT : I still think this whole Reynolds going on the DL is phony.
This weekend is gonna be hell
what did it say??
I was wondering. There is any entry level graphic design specialist position or volunteer graphic design position in NYC?
theres always that black guy in movies that comes outta nowhere to offer hella facts and clues to a conversation others in the room r having
Nothing to do. Nowhere to be. A simple little kind of free. Nothing to do. No one but me, and that's all I need
Soon, our awesome prize getter is very busy selling newspapers in Clearwater, but he'll be back soon!
Trust me...if I was things would be different...and Florida would have "special treatment", hahaha
Well that's a lot of pressure.
Fresh coffee, birds chirping, cool breeze..All good with me.
thank you xD
*poke poke poke*. I'm trying to worm out over here people! Sheesh! ;)
two wrist surgeries... Leave it to the #cubs to hit it.
Just saw where Kelly Clarkson Unplugged debuts in Nov. This news makes my day complete!
Broadband SHOULD be a societal approach but it's piecemeal at the library.
Give me the “dislike” button on the top bar
already sold out of our first barrel!
LOL! It sure is the greatest addiction ever
Thanks for the RT!
I say every year I am going to see more of these movies before the Oscars, but it didn't happen this time either.
Congrats girl!!!!!! One of each :)
Was informed tonight that there are no Bangladeshi restaurants in Chicago, but Usmania (Indian/Pakistani) is the closest thing to it.
Immigrant, Labor, Occupy Groups Join May Day Protests - MyFox Chicago
Thanks for the Follow!
A guy that looks like Zach Galifianakis just walked into the office. I wonder if he's as funny.
When i 1st saw at diggy's concert thats when i fell in love with them & their music & now im a #DreamChaser for life. I LOVE YALL
Omg i cant belive your show is sold OUT!!!(:
#DidYouKnow 93% of marketers use social media for business?
I have the Flu. I feel like someone ran over my lungs.
thanks XD and omg thats amazing what are you planning
#MahoganySunrise #film #help #fund this #project on
Drake n Luda Are My Favorite Rappers They Goin Head To Head, Luda Ripped His Ass But Drake Shoulda Neva Tried Common Who Is A Hip Hop Legend
Jack Cooley is a beast! Blue-collar and effective. Guys like him help you win!
Thanks for the laugh...I needed that today!
The Lucky One was such an amazing movie. Had a great time with ! <U+E022>
uh oh, wat happened?! Im all about the peace xP
That OklahomaCity Thunder. They're pretty good.
Blazing Saddles 8pm
Happy Founders Day ! Alpha Chi Omega installed Theta Sigma at Univ of North Florida on May 2, 1987.
I use #4Sq to encourage and recognize volunteers on political campaigns.
Don't worry. I cringe at some of the stupid, cliched questions the male "pro" sportwriters toss as softballs every day.
What is up with all the suggested VEVO videos having snakes in them!!!
yea...wait for 2013. Haha upgrade!!!!!
you're the best!
'Cuz is just that good. #hff12 RT : I just can't breathe.
O_O RT : There is so much to do Memorial Day weekend. Is anyone going to #BlackBikeWeekend in Mrytle Beach?
#TasteMakersKS Hey! great call!
Thanks for making a me a contributor and for the #uke2heal mention
Thanks for the mention. Stay Connected
lemme get some sleep for this chemistry sol tommorow cause Ima need it! lol
Create a 1-year caeer breakthrough in your Hollywood career in as little as 3 months!
aww, you're sweet. I'm not (yet), but I'm pushing through... hope to kick this thing to the curb by morning.
ya it gonna be fun! Assuming i dnt blow it off to drink ;p
Thanks for the follow!
playin house with the neighborhood lovely's
Did that make up for all the hours in class?
Wise words by a wise man.
thanks for helping spread the word!
Linkedin is a awesome ass network find me, connect lets work! already makin moves
What a beautiful day<3
As a Nuggets fan I would love to see Dwill go to the East.
Thats what they told me about jinglebash last yr when it sold out they said tix are released closer to an event, just contact them
icky, but it works out, I'm busy with all the wedding stuff the next 3 weekends so after....we PARTY!
Ah, now I see! :-) RT : Animal, Vegetable, Mineral, Lizard, Spock
don't bother wasting my time.
en route to seattle for #ir12 (slightly chagrined at leaving fine fall weather in chicago)
i want to give you a hug and say soothing words. I hope this is not indicative of the professors ability to teach...
#ThingsIReallyCantStand being demanded like no ask me do not demand me
When your ex-best friend fucks you over for your worst enemy... This'll probably take a few days to sink in.
Twitter World... Who you think will win? Bulls or Heat... I have Bulls in 7!
Any good people to follow? My timelines dead...
I don't know why anyone would want to unfollow you
Tough hearing this morning... can I convince the judge? Send me some of your positive vibes.
Thanks! How's the abbey been without me? Definitely miss you and everybody there!
I needed that. It's been such a long day.
RT - Madden went with the fans at Joe Robbie...no 'fins to the left' score song boll*cks. Sing with me<U+E03E> 'Miami has the D...
“: Important smart grid theme: break down silos between industries to catalyze innovation and engage consumers.”
Thanks for the surprise of the RT! You've definitely made a good impression on PDI, of you and your business!
Call and speak with one of our online media consultants about getting 1st page placement on Google places. (949) 407-6253
You know you wanna hit the follow button so just #FollowMeAlexConstancio already :)
Sounds great!
Ok... I wanna hear those #'s too!!
how is it I can be so addicted to something like food network and yet I don't cook
#PalePeopleProblems finally a skin color TT not intended for black people lol
What's wrong with me... At Boilermaker with 20+taps and nothing I want to drink. Went with wine
small world :-)
#THANKS for following
my license still havnt came <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Gotta love PWYC Sundays, LA! RT : Pay what you can 12/11 Sun 2p HERMETICALLY SEALED LA Times Critics Choice!
If you hate where you live...you're gonna look to move elsewhere
#FF because there is no fantasy football offseason, people!
woo go jenna!
Yeah we're interested, that would be great! Just let us know.
I might have moved a dry comforter that had been sitting in the dryer. No regrets. I like dry clothes, too.
-_- rude ass people.
Great season #UC ! Proud of my Bearcats...this team showed so much heart this year. Gonna miss and
via : Humans didn't changing wolves into dogs; "animals colonized anthropogenic environments of their own volition." Meh.
Come rain or shine to the Lankershim Arts Center NoHo Sat @ 4 - get a boost to your cold reading technique and a chance 4 a free coaching.
Love how dey have a chimpanzee commercial than show manny paccio fukin chump oops I mean chimp lol
Yo I'm drinking a capairina in your honor.
At home & can't sleep a lot on da brain
hahahahaha that's so funny though! I wouldn't do it either hahaha
#bartrivia tonight at
Tyler brown. Sophomore who was an all American along with Taylor and Derek
FDA rejects petition to ban plastic chemical from canned food, bottles and other containers
Greetings from
U WANT A RING ON YA FINGA THO!!! U DONT DESERVE DAT!
Ah I'm in love with my new ringtone! :D
E from Entourage looks like Scott Brooks.
no but would have cleaned it out
Math Eoct, + 2 hours of boredom
A Woman with love, couldnt nobody stop her.
happy birthday!!
He got 50 n beiber with him oh shyt
that's cool. I need to go see someone in concert. Next one I know of that I can go to is Victorious in June.
Yes we were wondering about that... thanks
still trying to figure out why i won't be seeing and on 's 17th bday. unless if your having a kid
Bon jovi sipping his morning coffee as he warms up for his NBC today show performance! Windy on Rockefeller plaza
Wish it was next Monday
finally in my apt in melbourne after a brutal 15 hour flight... list of priorities: dump, shower, massage, grind?
ur lives r like a giant jigsaw puzzle that is being put 2gether 1 piece a time However only God can c the complete pic on front of the box
Are you going to spend all of Summer up North? When aree youu leavinng ?
So proud of Michael Bride and his amazing makeup on the brides at Urban Unveiled..fortunate to have him in the salon to share with you!
shamrock shakes >
Why do i still laugh when i say the word "panini"?
what are you coming east for? Make sure you hit up the Union!
stay away from stud pitcher that early?
Back at dairy queen
Where is when one needs him? Are you on mac or a pc?
Okay lets go to wet willies !!!!! I like the food there
Friend us on Yahoo! Username: poisedcreation
you're welcome ;) keep making great music. We'll be there.
congrats! So proud
glad you like it man! They are super limited!
obviously you've never met one or you wouldn't say that. Rats are like dogs, they love you and are so smart
So what is that a good thing or a bad thing?
I MISS YOU BOTH!
...I get that we aren't untouchable like developers, but we're project managers, not 5 year olds.
oh lord. I love you. Lol same here.
Red Sox win 1 - 0 nice night for Lester & Co.
Hey Marcus! U can pick up ur gift cert at KFMB til 4pm 2day. Email me at for the details! Congrats!
You never had a voice to begin with.
Besto Pesto Food Demo at Mandela Co-op in West Oakland from 5-7pm this Monday Decemeber 19th. What a great gift this Holday Season. -T
"If you STAY ready... YOU won't have to get ready!!" ;) ;) ;) I've always remembered those wise words.. Thx ;)
RT thanks so much! : Loved your song
Time to change shirts up
Springfield Illinois...
Show no love, love will get you killed
Now she want a photo, You already know doe.
I wish I never befriend you in the first place
Never trust a man over 50 who continually dyes his hair jet black.
Bro, you're in the same building as me. Don't make me come beat the shit outcha..
No She almost gt punched !
I would blame Hollins.....brutal. But, another loss could mean a better draft pick
i met you last year around this time. Anastasia party. Remember?
Have you ever had mad cow disease?
It's been a while since someone messed up with my name :-) Mary just booked us a tennis court: "Mary Czerwinski vs Sava Taraditis" :-))
I wish I could actually be there for ya...
on the scene of an apparent double shooting on SE Harold & 135th. Deets in 10 min
big <3 for matching #manis to paper!!!!
Here we go.
Relax with a pot of Rose Melange and nibble on a Double Chocolate biscotti
Everyone keeps tellin me I'm a freak!!!
Damn Amy Winehouse Song Stuck In My Head.
Details for ordering a hard copy our up on my personal facebook!! Only 100 copies available so grab one before they are gone!
It's a great place but working on it is awful. It really tests my skills as a carpenter & taught me that caulk is awesome
It's going to be a good Friday when "Purple Rain" by Prince is playing on when you pull into the ramp at work. Just saying... :)
check out my new novel have a read on my blog x Thank you for following
PSA: ladies, this is a "attitude free" zone! So don't attempt to gain attention by acting the fool! U will get fired before you get hired!
I think I'd feel more comfortable having my Grandma play left than Andruw slo ass Jones.
hey buddy!! Keek the interview I want to see how fake they are! Love u cardo ur station is the best!! Xoxox
Down to the final two episodes of the year on sons of anarchy starts tonight!
testing app for work, uses the same d/l template csv > reupload import path that seemed so stupid when I did it on my SI572 project
Be less curious about people and more curious about ideas.
working on it :)
Flirting is flirting, and that shit ain't cool.
sorry D:
RT : I want that old thang back
question is it over all big ten record to win the leg and leaders or just record in between your own division
Lol..im tweeting my ass off..lol
no YQL for Answers? Their RSS Search feed is kind of useless.
Bought my fascinator base & feathers for the mother-daughter tea. :) Now to put it all together & find a flower to go with.
That annoying balance between wanting to do fun things and NEEDING to study...good thing summer is two days away :D
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "Constant repetition carries conviction." -Robert Collier
ILF. Illinois Finest. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
And I will stop pursuing date w/ Kate Upton RT CNN Breaking: Rep. Ron Paul to end active campaigning in GOP presidential race
Let's go Southern Cal!
KREIDER!!!!! MARTY MARTY MARTY
have fun at the sporting home opener with mi amigos! Get it! I expect at least one
woo! Just found your site today, looking forward to keeping a closer eye on it from now on. Happy Valentine's Day!
Awesome, Jason!
Congrat! Memphis Tigers.
damn straight ; ] How you been?
1st day of the rest of my #acting career 4/14/12. Going to work 9am-12pm daily when not #auditioning or in class. Hey Universe, bring it.
see if u can get dropped of in englewood I gotta get my hair done at 6
Considering adding a "green" element to yr marketing program? Take a look at SalesTouch and print on-demand brochures; cost savings, too!
MY DAMN #CYDIA IS ACTING UP IT SAYS "probably a dependency cycle"ANY ADVICE???? PLS HELP I NEED IT!!!!!
Celebrate your appetite. Dance in your desire. Live, in your pleasure.
Hash tag #fail on my last tweet...
Long ass day!!! Ready to go home & sleep!
some sound advice -> “: Fake is getting harder and harder to slip by people. Please, we beg, be authentic. #personalbranding”
Watching an early episode of A Different World (1987). Apparently, Hillman wasn't an HBCU at the beg of series. Anyone else surprised?
for what ever your crying i hope you feel better?
It's nice that was out there helping Triple H but where the hell was Lil Jimmy?
Yeah, right. :)
Forgive, forget, move on.
Christmas trivia and activity ready to go! #christmasparty Decorations almost done too!
praying every extra carry in the preseason brings you greater strength and contribution to the #Jags and
When you love someone you don't give them the world, you share the world with them."
Doc said syrup, so maybe I'll sleep better at night
omg could you please post that (:
I just told someone that my tweets are awesome. It won't be long before they realize how true that isn't.
how often do you retweet yourself via your own accounts?
Keep ya posted but working to do web episodes to build along w a few live shows RT : any news on show?
4 minutes is a long walk in front of a billion people. i would've needed a valium! lol
in my personal opinion....what D Wade did last night was equivalent to the elbow ron ron threw....just as dangerous if not more.
yes, blame le phone.
best song that speaks of my life is #Honestly by mmmmhmmm. But on another now, #totalblackout with was insane!!
Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson's trash into treasure in Mexico - Inside Tucson Business Pickup trucks on I-19 turn Tucson 's trash int
Happy 420!!! Good Weed, Good Dreams!!!
Wow today is paster B-Day tomorrow my sisters B-Day feb 20 my B-Day!, but tomorrow my mother decided to celebrate me & my sis together.
i think a standard rule in every household should be that you are allowed to watch glee, however, everyone must refrain form singing along
Thank you!!!
Workin with this new mic, trouble city. We'll get it down.
thanks for coming out. Now the hard work with the seminar ;-)
Ha, listen to him NOW haters!!!
Cant wait til the first day of camp! Hopefully everyone is excited! =)
ah Small Plates, it's the Burger of 2011/12 :)
yep she said Ok, I told her would go bowling so the kids can start getting fun and family time with us.
The Sarpinos people probably get mad when I order just a salad for delivery.
Tracking guitars with Mackey n Swift. Damn...11am is early for a rock band....ugh
Josh Hamilton =
Shoot in the AM!
Happy Sunday.
Where can you find 's mag Lucky Peach? I've been looking all over San Diego.
Rower Rob Munn, just like UW program, just keeps coming - The Seattle Times
When do you think pre-sales will start? I've been hoping to buy one as a Bday gift for my husband, but his bday is in February!
Thanks for recommending us! :) RT : We're OPEN til 2am!!! AND.. if you don't wanna drive: 303taxi (630-303-0303) :::
Sore throat, super congested.. I hope I'm not getting sick /:
you realize it's supposed to snow tomorrow and a high Thursday of upper 20s?
Some things just never change...
Thats what we call him haha
correction...app FOR* this lol.
At Main Event wit
Its been 2 years and he saying he's changed. . . Maybe he has. #We'llSee
“: Just because my name is Rebecca, please don't assume I go by Becky. #neverbeenabecky #alwaysbeenabecca” what about rebecky?
watching is such a pleasure, he makes it look so easy, God you are blessed! hope you get your ring if my #Celtics dont!
I want you to as well... RT : Something tells me wants me to go to the Naked Pizza on Diversey when it opens.
"anything special going on tonight at Té?" Yes - hot tea ... and more hot tea!
yeah I've been tanning a little in the last month
#HowToPissAFemaleOff LOLLOLOLOL TELL HER YOUR MOTHER SAID SHE WAS FUNNY LOOKING
We think its, talk on the phone while driving.
When I don't like how my nails look from one day to the next, I take everything off and start fresh.
These girls gettn they ass beat on the fb funny as Hell
need to slap Marlon clean cross the back his head! Do it son! lol
Check out and join in when TRR's holds a Twitter interview w/ this coming Monday (5/23) at 9pm EST/6 PST.
If y'all don't send me numbers......
“What matters is the value we’ve created in our lives, the people we’ve made happy, and how much we’ve grown as people.” ~Daisaku Ikeda
Have you heard of an #edcamp before? #edcampCincy 2010 was truly one of the best PD days I have attended.
Hey ! Thanks for the Groovy RT! How's Life.? :)
I like the beats I got from your site so much I ain't dealing with nobody else....real talk!
Not going to meet this goal today--guess I'll have to start a backlog now.
Welcome ya little tweetie
working for that cash machine
that would be a ratings boost in the next season of breaking bad.
Owen is napping so I'm FINALLY getting around to watching the Michael Jackson episode of Glee. LOVE!
SO EXCITED FOR NEW ALBUM OUT TODAY NOTHING ELSE MATTERS NOT EVEN DIABLO 3 BYE
If one has a hard time submitting to a pastor or spiritual leader, he or she will have a definite problem with holiness. - J Todd Nichols
and unfortunately, many people may let a guy & girl getting caught slide, but not the same sex. And its not fair.
Got a tour guide for Tokyo...now I just need the tickets. Might be better off buyin an extra limb.
You are today where your thoughts have brought you. You will be tomorrow where your thoughts take you. ~James Allen
OPT karaoke
Dear universe, I'd like to work on a project soon that takes me out of LA for a few Months.
"Blame it on the a- a- a- a- alcohol"
its good you haven't lost motivation to keep going. By this point last year, I was run down to the point of not caring.
GREAT. And you?
Turn to Fox9 for live coverage of gas main break in So. Mpls.
That ghost ep was creepy. I think I heard that weird haunting sound again while u guys were talking wtf
These poor unfortunate souls
I'll be playing the dimished scale loud on my guitar all Halloween night. Hello neighbors!
The gift of forgiveness destroys the root of bitterness that makes the fruit U bear taste rotten." ~ Solomon
Maine or bust! Let the wknd begin!!
"No pain, no gain" in exercise is a myth. MindFirstFitness.
Definitely tired of being kicked around.
SHOUT OUT BACK TO YOU!!
Loving your Boston Terrier logo! Lots of personality. :)
I need that 640 million mainly for this
I sent you the info you tell me.
Gotta get the puck in the net Rangers. Can't put it all on Henrik.
so many applications to keep in-touch - must be the most in-touch time in history!
Thanks for hosting another really useful #chartership chat Jo. Nighty night
Pinterest is the devil. Too much time spent thinking about and pinning crafts. Brain overload.
Well said, sir! RT : Happy birthday, ! You're such a bright spot to this town! Hope you're having an awesome day!
I think KCAL officially ran out of things to say. "Screw it - cut to Scrubs."
Good morning to all my followers & to people I'm following.
but I shall agree to disagreement nonetheless
Gm fit lady have a wonderful day no road rage today <U+2764>
I will kick ur ass
you gotta try this game man its addicting
YES! What did you buy? Do I need to be single white female and go get it tonight?
Jacoby Jones' bonehead play could prove costly for the Texans if (and when) they lose this game. Go Ravens!
screw chelsea and madrid
Follow back please?
fml :c thanks
I mean are you even happy ?
He's so cute. :3
woo woo! Can you please DM me the email address you used to sign up
"LiteSpeed" is timing out on a simple operation. I guess it is not so "litespeed"...d'oh...
*waves* *jumps up and down* H Brnd, hw y dng? ;) see what I did there?
From Universal Studios Home Entertainment: Wanderlust
DC WOMEN WE WOULD LOVE TO ASSEMBLY your IKEA FURNITURE; WE ARE THE BEST, WE ARE THE EXPERTS. - CHEST OF DRAWERS, DRESSERS, BED FRAMES & MORE
Cool! We will definitely keep you in mind if we need help :)
my face.. Lol it's
thank u it was alot of fun :)
Things that were #banned when I lived in the #UK: cell phones (for drivers), guns, most knives, and Nickelback.
Tuned in.
Trust me.I know exactly how it feels to cry in the shower so no one can hear you. For everything to hurt so bad you just want it all to end.
65 days till my boy is due to come into this world!! Cant wait to meet ya son! SPENCER!
Baby, you light up my world like nobody else. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
I love getting my brows waxed it feels good
final four baseball nfl draft nba playoffs pre season. football. bsketball.
RT GlRLTHINGS: He's just a boy who doesn't understand whats in-front of him. She's just a girl who doesn't know how to let go.
*40+ #dookie. Sorry, thought it was implied
thank you! If I remember the day, I didn't celebrate properly.
Yeah, well there's a lot of things in Austin I want in Dallas. So, we're even.
Happy Birthday XD
so... last night i found out that i'm lactose intolerant. thought id share cause the timing here seems to be a bit off..
Don't forget that we gladly take carry-out orders for your business' events. Call us at (317) 264-3585 to play your order.
Oh! My first compliment of the day! Thank you. You 2 aren't exactly chopped liver. You're Beautiful! Liver? I gotta go...
Just a bad idea. Not well thought out. But they defend it. RT : What are your thoughts about the #sxsw "Homeless Hotpots?"
So excited to hear #LuluLemon is coming to Sacramento!
Admit you're lying. If you don't reply to this tweet, I guess you don't have the balls?
Official Game 7 Watch Party hosted by and at the Pour House Pub tonight starting at 6pm!
SPACERS... FUCK U UR KILLING MY MOUTH... IM 2 YOUNG TO DIE...
Another point to support my love of
Me too. :( RT ": I really, really wanna watch <U+0391>vengers"
What's the name of that song at the end of #VampireDiaries ? Sounded like the fray
How you a laker fan but never been to LA? Chill out..
Stomach God is very angry.
“: People's eyes will always be drawn to a #Scorpio in a crowded room.” I love the way this sounds. Lol
On this day a few years back I got in a bad car accident in Lincoln with over 15 people. It's because of God were all still here.
they showed them on the red carpet of Elton's party
To move well, we must be engaged not only physically but with our awareness, the act of moving. Nina Wise
not really. Sometimes sarcasm does not translate on Twitter.
#SMH THEY DIDN'T THREATEN WORLD PEACE OR BARNES WHEN THEY THROW UP BRICKS
Came back home and I had a Kawasaki Z1000 waiting for me as a graduation and getting into a good grad school program present!
Philly Sports: #Philadelphia #Phillies at Chicago Cubs Probable Pitchers (May 16 Through May 17, 2012): Cub Fan’s Preview (Yahoo!...
Why do people think you'll remember somebody if they say the name twice? "You remember Dave?".. "Dave who?".. "Dave, Dave."
Try the burger at Tory Row.
The day that the series finale for Criminal Minds airs, my life will be over. One Tree Hill already ended. CM is the only baby I have left.
Thank you for RT!
falling a step behind.
dang im tired
I love your work so much an my cousins are always saying how I remind them of Cat!! Please follow me!
WhAts GuDD w. Another Show In MilWaukee
“I love Reference Universe. I would have killed for it in graduate school. It is so cool” –Marynelle Chew, BYU Hawaii
Very happy that we ran in to so many past and future client partners at the event last night. It was a very inspiring night.
yes the food was awesome
WET NIGHTCLUB is hosting LUCIANA live on stage this SATURDAY NIGHT with $3 well and domestics all night long!! call SARAH 915-449-2066
Thanks so much! RT
Mr. Cranky Takes NY Times to Task for 'Harmful Obscenity'
Frankenstein pint glasses are in the house! Get yours before they're out. $5 for the first beer and then $2 refills!
Lastest "side Effects Of Rogaine" auctions ;P ebay
Pinterest seems most useful for revealing interests of mine that I don't necessarily want other people to know about.
Imma fight u
lol yeah I thought he was cute too. But i think it's only bc i like race car drivers haha
Right back at you sir!
I heard you speak when had you address the REC team in DC. Great presentation! Looking forward to working with you.
I'm glad could stop by and visit tonight. We sound like old folks discussing are jobs and what not.
There's a kid at Moody who looks exactly like Tom from Even Stevens.
Go Louisville. #BigEast all the way. Now go Marquette.
not yet, working on this evening, keep u posted
#4famouswords I think I'm pregnant
anything. honestly. anything.
I thought if I clicked the "I'm Feeling Lucky" button, it would give me Greyson's adress or phone number. Apparently it just gives u doodles
Please pray for my brother hes driving and hes really angry
when are you and the boyz coming to Boston? #BostonICONiacz follow me?
“: "If all your dreams came true, what would you really be doing? I'd be blogging. I'm doing it" via #mom2summit”
wishin i was in good ole Indiana for some football this weekend #GOAVON & #GOPLUGS good luck
my sister loves that place....I never wake up early enough to go with her and her family...haha
hi love. Questiom . What day is the v-day party on valentines red&white party
i cant wait for tomorroww..
I Got My Shades On
I think cheap wine and a movie is my favorite pass time.
Thank you. It's been quite a year. Tomorrow is the big graduation ceremony.
We all want things to change, but once they do, we wonder why things can't go back to the way they were.
Molly, don't chew on the T!
That show college hill was the shit back in the days...
What y'all do in your free time is your business...
keep ur head up, all will be ok!
That awkward moment when you realize Steve Blake is taking your last shot to win a playoff game.
Chisseler - young child. ex. I can't believe you have a chisseler on the way!
When you come crawling back to me don't expect me to be there for you
let's do lasagna and garlic bread at my place tonight. offered to make it. Should be delicious.
"Id risk anything just for you to notice me the way you notice everything else it seems. " <3
No problem! I'll send you some times.
"Nothing will work unless you do." ~Maya Angelou
it's fine but it wasn't that fun though
Got the new twitter layout on the computer now, expected to get it much quicker after loading android app. looks good!
Double down on 11! Have fun.
Strange that both #90210 and #GossipGirl both end with the same song.
good. Great. Some what. You?
Happy Birthday!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
27k at first break I need to flop top pair or have middle pair hold to draws more, then I will be chip rich
thanks so much!
Sheila E!
- Thankx for passing the word bro... it's appreciated...
yes we are up in 92101 san diego
Appreciate your RTs
Greatest NIN album of all time.
Thanks for the #followfriday mention, buddy!
Yes yes! Missed everyone today too - back tomorrow for positive!!! :-)
I really want to live-tweet my trip to Europe but I don't want to pay roaming data charges.
Big announcement coming this week. :)
It's a rain delay...
Thanks for the RTs - warmed my heart!
look at you using your French! Sam would be so proud! Enchanted indeed.
now this is romantic.
First to the #SEC, then to the , now #UH to the are YOUR thoughts?
Why do parents call yo name but when you reply they act like they don't hur u;/!!
I miss you to lovey, really ?can't wait
I'm a bit late- just bought "The Vision of Love." & I have to say that it's incredible. The chorus caught me. Perfect songwriting
#Thatmomentwhen a song describes exactly how you feel!!<3
That makes me smile. <3
Mad shout out to because You walking around in pajamas is anything but shameful
Happy New Year!
Thanks for the follow. Loving you music. My new EP will be out in June "Miss Texas" #KeepinitCountry Hope you like it!
I'm so tired ... It is so strict in the school notker
its insane
maybe he's got the answer. We've tried almost everything else.
I AM for you. I AM your shepherd. MY Goodness and Love will be with you all the days of your Life.
If the #Flyers win the #StanleyCup there's a strong opp for airline partner to reward "fliers" going in/out of #PHL w/ commemorative premium
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven. -John Milton
Yay!! Some info!! Best of luck to you!! Nice to see you tweet! Have you figured this out yet?
[Aladin-alert] System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011 System Alert for Tuesday November 22, 2011
the worst day of your life is better than the alternative.
i'll tell you what, kingdom hearts piano music is not for slouches, but worth it! now to hear the real things! can't wait for halloween town
hey i got into a fight and got grounded and i dont have a phone nomore. :/
You don't know what love is, you just as you're told.
I'm student of the month :D and I'm getting rewarded for it. Yayyy!
Done and done dude!
thank you!
- oomf Came To School Today With NO Drawls On ! l0l, Got Plenty Of Thee Breezes! aha #TEAM NO DRAWLS
Don't give up! I'm taking my power nap now. Then going to stay up as late as I can. Wish me luck!
Drop by the Kitano 66 Park Ave tonight to hear Juilliard Jazz Artist Diploma students Chris Ziemba and Michael Thomas! 8-11pm
hey i heard you were a wild one
Just leaving work smh. gym time
Sittin in a Best Buy parking lot in Nashville
Happy Mother's Day to the best lady in the world my Mommy !!!.
exhausted.. thanks for the workout..David
Cause try as I may I always find my heart mightier than my mind...wish the world were full of more of my kind
I was dancing to this one time, and I fell and hit my head on the kitchen counter. RT : #nowplaying Control by Janet Jackson
I wrote WORDS. Lots of words. I know I do this for a living and all, but this will never not be a miracle to me.
Is it too early for the Red Sox to be eliminated from the playoffs?
#WMNatSec Lesson: Embrace your choices!
You can't stop Roy!
How are you? (:
thanks for that follow back(:
Up to Oshkosh for Easter. Remember to thank Him for what He did for us!
Thanks to everyone who is following us! Please help us spread the word that we're on Twitter. P.S. Fousquare special coming soon...
lol smh at HHC guess that's one thing I won't have to look into when I get back
#LastTimeIChecked u were a bay mama of 5 different men and u wanna teach me how to keep a man?
in considering Jesus, many want to know "what am i gonna look like if I believe what you believe" yesterday
When we walk through the firey trials of life, and respond like Jesus did, the fire of the Holy Spirit will attend our lives.
it's so immature. I'm like I'm grown n don't have time 4 this nonsense
Tell us, what color would you want your Chevy vehicle in?
email them to me
Swear Charles has some sort of obsession with Lebron James -___- lol.
JENFEK PLAYING THE MONEY IN ROCK HILL SC APRIL 22nd show starts at 9
>> Love your invitations > so creative and personalized!! :)
Thanks Scott! Keep cranking out the great work
Endulge time... is streaming baby! I gotta learn how to read!
#WatchMarryTheNightOnYoutube Marry The Night Watching Day. #HappyBirthdayJudasVideo Judas Watching Day.
Uptown Charlotte at night, always a beautiful sight...
Grammar Grammar Grammar > use it well .
Thanks for the RT!
Quit tam provisions have encouraged whistleblowers to bring suit. Make sure audit trail follows the certifications employees sign
Vince Gray: "This mayor continues to wage a war on transparency"
Halleluya, my "Twat" account is only 2 weeks old and I have reached 100 FOLLOWERS. Ain't I SPECial!
OMG is taller than Is the sky falling?
Just got a commercial audition for Green Burrito for Monday!! Watch out Taco Bell your competition is coming!! LOL...
Sis and I having a good ass convo
does anybody else think that Peeta (aka Josh Hutcherson)'s mouth is disconcertingly small?
Performing on my childhood stage tonight with !
Half smoked cigarettes and you're the trash that infests my sheets.
Sometimes I don't get people...:/ who is real and who is fake??
Back at the hotel, trying to stay awake for
The truth is what is; what should be is a dirty lie.
The regular ol' radio is underrated. As is all good music... Music is really powerful. Like stories, moving you w melody.
I wish SOMEDAY I could be Mrs.Alyssa Nicole Holmes Justin Drew Bieber marry me please love me love me hehe get it!;)<3
We need your stories! Tweet your photos and videos of your adventures in Detroit to using the hashtag
I want to meet him ;))
I got some crazy ideas for this H&T album
The summer is finally here! Sign-up and workout with us here at Campus Rec. Memberships for the entire summer are only $28.
FREE event at The HORT - Tuesday (4/10)6:30pm Screening & discussion of Olmsted and America's Urban Parks - don't miss!
Reduced SHORT $USDCAD for +13 pips profit; 2% of the community volume is trading the USDCAD with sentiment 19% SHORT
New #followers--Appreciate it TY I try to #RT you after the follow. My followers list not moving, tho--975 for a month now. Broken I guess
yeah me too I love it thanks !!!
PLEASE FOLLOW ME AND GIVE ME A SHOUTOUT!!! 3
I be rockin on my babe.
This speech of Obama's is just the same tired old B.S. he has been spewing since he got elected. Obama is a curse on America, and a FRAUD!
Awesome standup tonight #udderbelly on #southbank there was however a fight in the crowd Morons wherever you go these days
knocked out and I'm playing COD by myself...no bueno...
130 is too many words for a slide
Merry Christmas to all our Customers and Friends...see you next week!
I know, look at the swing "POW!"
how many showers does it take for creature makeup to come off my hair? a lot bc its still in my hair and im seriously LOVING IT! :) :) :) :)
the fake bloopers at the end of monsters inc >>>>>>>>>>
Nice!!! Just take deep breaths lol time goes by fast on the register
That was such a sweet post and I so agree. Going upstairs to hug my kiddos right now! :)
#GIANTS will be going to the superbowl
#np: Grateful Dead - a killer version of Ramble on Rose. Not sure of date, just says "Live 74"
I agree. Good stuff.
Have you read The Game of Thrones books yet (Song of Ice and Fire is the actual series title). They're good.
Mention Twitter and get a slice of our Lemon Zinger Cake for $1.00 all day FRIDAY.
Just bought $44 in Girl Scout cookies. Good day.
Hear your questions/comments for the American History Guys LIVE! Tweet or email .
So the story has hiccups and suffers from cinematic ADD but the voice acting and physics are the reason #MaxPayne is one great experience.
YUM! Thanks for the incredible light bites at #5x7splurge! & Sugar Tooth Bakery
you sound a little raspy on tv, you been crying?
Another great day for Spartan football! #MSU 48 Indiana 3 - what a last home game win for the seniors & fans at Spartan Stadium! Go Green!
Friday, marry me. I’m having impure thoughts about you
Seriously, how long can a person be "next in line"? 145 minutes?
ooh! Let us know what it is! Congratulations.
They are lucky to have you.
you welcome OMG im like shaking right now yue replied back omg
No, it's a half pound burger with a pound of fries. It's ridiculous, and we just ordered three of them. Yours sounds awesome tho!
“: So...why does anyone still pay attention to ?”he gave a voice #OWS when no one else did.
Monster attacks! Going after Capt. Austin in corridor 2...
We "HEART" at the Philly Expo! Stop by and see Thaddeus and Brenna!
and in between sips of coke, he told me that he thought we were sellin out. layin down. suckin up, to the man.
sweet! But i'm jealous youre seeing it :/
#Knuckleball premiers at the #TribecaFilmFestival this coming Saturday
Wow...it truly is about who you know! And this time, it's an Angel. Thanks!
grazieeeeeeee! Positive thoughts
Its sad, alot of y'all are an inspiration for ignorance...but too few are a motivation for intelligence...
Nope, never again! ;-) RT : All alone now. Insert bored face here.
Why..lol": Never ask a drunk person a question"
Discovering the shit out of some discoveries.
Puerto Rico! Awesome! “: Off to golf at Trump International in PR with ”
": A relationship with no trust is like a car with no gasoline. You can stay in it all you want but it won't go anywhere."
Make money then spend it<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>!
alright wea see
when will Congress reveal2the public details about Roswell&everything that goes along with it etc. I mean, its been long enough
Looks like everything made it over okay. I'm very relieved.
Rajon Rondo Bearly Made any contact with that Ref.... Juss let him play its the
business meeting? What kinda business, Katz
I think the GOPers are getting cranky with
Put my clothes up, then my butt is going to bed! Good Night :)
nothing like having mature colleagues to pull phone pranks.
(unfortunately) said company already has a froot loops flavor - no lie - this was "s'mores" ...yeah
talk to he has some great #flippedpd ideas
not going. who has the money?
so.. when is planning to do some shows in the US?
"Oh yes, the past can hurt. But, you can either run from it or, learn from it." - Rafiki, from The Lion King
I love Anya but loves noodles
Thanks for your RT. Have a great week.
Play with politics with and Paul Auster #InConvo tonight at 6
won Most Innovative Programming for Globalization on a Shoestring at #IBSNYC !
Me too - that's why I'm scrambling to apply and figure out logistics of whether I can feasibly attend....
I'm such a weenie
Fuck that bitch! Lol “ sometimes it happen when people gets you so mad sn:ur x boss!!!”
Dude your GF and her friends are wierd.
God is good. We are headed home. Praise God!!!
It feels good to live life the way I want to live it.
Explained pi to my 10 year old niece. She was amazed how this universal constant has been around for thousands of years.
yayyyy for pulling off all nighters
Gageyyy, can we go tan tomorrow after school?
u can be team workout....come joze...I told u to start with 10min a wk and build up
Stephen Barnes <3333
Definitely gonna make it a #taconight at !
check it! : wants your used gear! Stop by our NYC store on Sat. 12/3 from 9 - 4 & sell or buy from our selection of used gear
Is it bad that it ticks me off when ppl go the speed limit?Why do they take their time? Looking at all the beautiful Columbus construction?
Watup homey I need ya to come to the lab fam
Thanks guy! Looking forward to Saturday.
It was, Barbara.. Tx! I plan to share the learning & wrksh back w/ my team at Bose.
(continuous flow of heart emotions to the article's overarching focus, kickstarter.com)
Good job lady hawks!
Ok hommie I'm going to follow you now
yeah, no 501c3 status yet
will u ever be in the Memphis area??!!!??!!??
Weather cooled down a bit which might have put u all in a funk this hump day. I have the perfect remedy! Come out for HH @ Bar 7, from 5-9p
Thursday night is event called #PghTee. I am even dragging out the hubby for that one.
Thanks for the support!!! You rock!!!!! Have a great week!
Rainy day = Lorax with Luke.
well deserved!
A woman who knows her value will only put up with a man's nonsense for so long. You either get right, or you will get left ..
Lady Antebellum is performing!!!
aight u prolly gonna hate me after this series lol
We always say that we love rush jobs, and by the look of how my morning passed, I guess we meant it! Heat printing, embroidery, and Ad Spec!
yes! « Pussy ": i hate taking showers when im home alone. its scary"»
I didn't, but I'd expect nothing less from 2012 is twenty-fifth year anniversary of James Baldwin's death.
He really must trust me to leave me here n not know me that well. So is that a good thing or not? Lol
don't be ashamed.. this is a proud moment in your life :))
Much respect to all of those union actors who find ways to help aspiring #filmmakers by going under the radar. #IWonderIf one will see this.
I feel so sick today
I think that 98 % of the people online marketing are in it with their hand in your pocket .What do you think?Looking forward to your thoughs
why would you say that!!
Another high, Lakers win! So happy :-)
yeah i know lol , the pic is from sophomore year. me and my dawg Erik mugging
had an amazing visit to Bishop's Castle this weekend. Everyone should see this place!
I still want to be a bartender..
Tomorrow's a light coaching day - have a few openings for voice students in the afternoon if interested. Email me at .
come after a girl most important to me, i will come after you. come after me because of a girl most important to me, and i will destroy you.
the average salary of remaining mlb playoff teams just surged
We are truly blessed to work with the businesses, venues, and artists we get to everyday!
“: #sovereignty #fuckyeah #america” I don't even know what this means, but I choose to freely retweet.
No kidding! My cats were nowhere to be found earlier today until I started mopping the floor!
#dhist nice analogy of 'planetary systems' of digitised content - raises question of which can sustain life, scholarly work
Genuine creativity needs a collision of ideas, something that will never happen if all your thoughts travel in the same direction.
5 women just lost their minds when Michael Ealy came on the screen with no shirt on. Making sounds and errthang. Even
Amazing! In other news, you went to a shooting range called P2K *and didn't take me?* (That was my Y2K-era nickname.)
What a great show #RAFAddyInspired. The wonderful work on display from the talent in Rochester just blew me away. And now my caffeine drip!
whoa whoa u would say something that lame lol jk
This evening slipped in wearing a dark blue cape made of wind & wishes. Happy Friday night, all!
Do you know the checklist for Wrapper redemptions? Is there one?
God night
my god are you effing kidding me... Ugh. I'm pissed now...>.<
Will most certainly do! : loving the car names.
Btw, glad I got to see your face for a few minutes on Thursday! :)
enjoying a nice fire tonight...
I wonder where AriehCorp stands in the leader board of most tickets bought for this lotto.
Rockn the host slot @ a sold out McGann's tonight for the Rompetition. Nuts!
Has anyone taken advantage of our 40% sale yet? Also, don't forget about our Facebook contest continuing until September 16th!
Chilling w/ my sister....
Final presenter: Kirsten Widner on re. Items not in children's code rewrite/juvenile code.
A chicken is an egg's way of making another egg. ~ Samuel Butler
Drew frey, go back to clinton county
me too! Keep your eyes peeled for us and you can win a free t-shirt!
thanks for the RT definitely in one's best interest to keep regrets to a minimum--they can bury you & your dreams
"talking to"
Volumes 15 and 16 are due to arrive in the US in the next week. Artists will receive their copies end of November or early December!
...despair written on every face, even the young and the mothers, those who should have or convey hope
my last rt.. so true.
Thank you - “: Thank you Just Films of for sponsoring workshops!”
you're so pretty!!!!
#BlackPower That's Our Motto!
O sweet Friday! How we relish thee..
Well, boo, Glue!
Some people didn't 'Change', They just learned how to lie better
i guess u dont care right 5 damn years lol okay
my name is Nolan. Umm yea. Not fake lmfao, ask for proof if you need to... You're really pretty.
Spectacular! Extra hands we that pound the wood always want. Or Rachmaninov's massive breadth for grabbing gruesome heavy jazz chords
30 ON MY DICK
What's the best way to break up with your body pillow?
he ain't getting past SA
Creating a hybrid workout and looking for a Yukon Denali in Black Bitte! LOL
please follow back #Mahomie For life! I love you
Made It Back In Time For #JerseyShore To Start.
You're very welcome. Great tweets should be shared!
Lot's of MA consumers not happy with 250 biz cards #FREE LIE. Be sure to send complaints to or
Just woke up starving!!! I need some good breakfast
I should have mentioned this before but I'm on a super short deadline. If not this time, maybe some time in the future.
I've got some amazing makeup brush sets that I'm selling! 12pc, brushes feel like bunnies on your face! Anyone interested?
You send me twitter spam al the time (; haha
after a not so great day on the golfcourse my day just got enlightened by a 99 on a paper .
Just bought it. Now just have to map out some time to dive in to it. Thanks!
did you see Heidi Klum? Remember that blouse on very similar;)
dang! not something you want on your permanent record
I hate being sick . #FeelLikeHell <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7>
So excited to see move on to the General Election in November!!
#RnBThrowBack Joe-Worst Case Scenarios
awesome background in business. TY 4 following!
Me and my mom are the worst at being on time.
my girl mentioned chris meloni in her interview. I just let a small fangirl squeek out of me.
Not too much! And how are you?!
you're giving me a run for my money.
You can't master your future, If you're still a slave to your past.
I love heat and chaos. In Seattle heat = chaos. I'm hoping for a lot of both today :)
thad IS rad that's "what I said.."
I'm thinking to go Occupy, best to sell the car and travel by train or bus. Any advise out there?
I don't want to rush into a relationship... ...But I miss the feeling of being in one... .... with you.
I need a car.
Hey, Universe. Ever heard about "everything in moderation"? Would appreciate you considering subscribing to this philosophy.
It's not as technical as Sim10. Sorta fun. Price is right.
"Into each life some rain must fall." Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Welcome to twitter ! Another #archivist in training to follow!
Gotcha, same reason can't go and curses and I daily.
I get that you're upset having the wrong shotsheet, but come on-- handle it with a little class! Just lost a lot of respect 4U
Fellmeth & CAI report positive trends in some states, but many still lack adequate balance between confidentiality & disclosure.
I have a hard time deciphering the fine line between boredom and hunger
Harder to remember on beautiful #summerdays but: Do the Worst Things First! Makes the whole day easier so you get out while its still light!
5 hours on the train w/ NO internet = 4.5 hours of solid work. Need a lunch beer. anyone? etc
Ok, sorry for my misguided semantics... The group Journey was founded by musicians that also founded what other band?
Pretty excited for to review our event!
Finally on the board go
Polar bears are left handed. Such a useful piece of information!
It feels so good when feelings are mutual.
for some ppl the elevator only goes down. I hope I don't fall in that category.
Come see me at Colony then!!
snowing heavily here this morning. Sent you a few pics. Have a continued SAFE TRIP!! Don't get ill!!!.... ;O)
Sounds like you're into this presser.
probably a lot more lol.....
Do you gamble would you like a Comp Room Just request a Executive Host @ www.myvegaspeople.com Select our services then Casino Host
thank u boo! And yes! It was waayyy enjoyed! See u soon!
GOD WHAT?!
He's literally gonna die either of obesity or a heart attack one day!
#Lawncare – Make sure you have no leaves lying on your lawn
Final performance of the year, this Sunday at the First Christian Church of North Kansas City. 4-6pm
It mighta been the roots. If so, it was ca. '92. I have a picture of me with the Roots around that time.
Herman Cain endorsed Newt Gingrich...desperate times call for really desperate measures.
& -- I am so sorry that a meeting which ran late and I missed the beginning of the chat.
Whats up My Fellow
Had a great day w/ fam hope everyone did as well. I'm happy I saw my cousins hadn't seen those dudes in awhile.
Tonight's James Madison Park forecast: mostly frisbee with a 100% chance of flippy floppies
Now there's a sentence I didn't expect to read today.
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left....
Day 3 is a full rehearsal!!! Dont forget your shoes :) #HellWeek <3
new supporting cast fresh villain should be fun I thought I was going to hate it up warming up to it
starts Friday my nigga
Dear #AlexSmith, I'm sorry for all the times I talked smack about you. Today you proved me wrong
Haha you know me.
yes - certainly lines between lifestyle/behaviors and healthcare (outcomes/services?) start to get blurry.
Love your bio. Made me smile!
Randall Dean, author of "Taming the E-Mail Beast" is our guest today! Listen in to get tips on this topic that affects all of us!
i deserve this ice cream.
My cat turns 10 this year too! Joint party? ;)
Now its really coming down, dumping snow here in Frisco, CO!
Did You Like #SaySomethin ?(:
Also I bet you'll find some radical social experimentation in the early puritan colonies.
I know. It is ridiculous! Remember Madalyn Murray O'Hare (hateful atheist who disappeared)? Then her son became Christian
oh yes rumble in the meadowlands
Thanks for visiting ! Come back to see us again!
I want to be the girl who makes your bad days better, and the one that makes you say " my life has changed since I met her ". (:
k hurry your ass up!
#ThingsiLovetoSee Fathers spending Time with their children.
People in session are talking about staff development/training coordinators, but we haven't had a training 'department' for 3 years.
Love me or hate me, I promise it won't make or break me. -Lil Wayne
naa , I don't need to put on a front . Sad thing is you don't know me at all .
I hate allergies <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
“: Just to be clear, "Whitney" is still airing on NBC. #disappointed” hee hee
Hop on. There's room on the bandwagon. RT : Not an orioles fan grew up Yankees fan cheer for them occasionally since live in md.
Just got a new Dyson vacuum cleaner. Is 12 hours later too soon to vacuum again?
What about me? What about when I'm a total mess?
TVNOW.me (TVNOW_me) thanks for the follow.
that's great! What kind of diet?
Loved hearing 's Brian Payne speak to board retreat. Great enthusiasm for the community.
I'M LIVE NOW JUSTIN.TV/STREETGROOVEMAGAZINE COME TALK WITH ME LIVE
oh Patty #CelebrityApprenticeAu !
Gym time
the bookstore.
LMULive. A really cool project leveraging student content submissions. Images, SMS.
ESPN2 left this game with 2 min left to go to a Rutgers game last night. 2 kicks in the teeth last night for UVA fans.
i do enjoy running but doing core at the end- well it's a lot of grunting and cursing.
My favorite memory of All Star weekend was when Diddy said "Black Power", isnt that the new name of the dunk contest? Hahaha
i feel bad for your sister. she's never going to have mr. coombs as a teacher :(
take on the #Badgers in the #BigTenTourney. Hear it on Jazz 88 right now!
Huh? ": Estimated annual gain in economic productivity if EVERYONE had a toilet: $225B. What are we waiting for?"
And I just walked to the Metro. Good thing I DROVE today. Epic. Fail.
Merry Christmas and Happy Hanukkah to all of our friends and fans!
#HappyBirthdayMockingJay :) cant wait for catching fire :)
it's not my cup of tea. I watched it, but I won't remember any of it. Caps 3 SOG in the 3rd?! No real highlights
need to update your twitter profile as you are no longer "majoring"
Has anyone seen the commercial where the guy hesitates when asked whether he would save his wife or his miller lite? HA-HA alcoholism.
will that work??
this week at www.risenmagazine.com: bibles that talk in a tribal tongue and an interview with hardcore skate legend Mike Vallely
In line @ ATM, I saw a woman drop a bill out of her car. I approached her & helped her get it. In hindsight, I could've been shot.
call me weird ; but hey , weird is my normal .. <3
I'm behind on reading messages again. Sorry :9
It's time to go live!!
Number one rule when ordering food from a fast food place: DON'T FUCK WITH THE PEOPLE THAT MAKE YOUR FOOD.
i am feeling gaurdedly optomistic about life right now
I secretly wish my high school would break out in song like the East High Wildcats
For sure! You are our hardcore brethren haha
Further proving my point the Texas win the World Series. Yu Darvish, WS MVP.
RT : Thursday is my birthday come see me at... at 10 where I am the feature
Then they would better be able to see what you have to offer to this production to let you compete for $250,000 in $ & prizes.
u might have to come out of retirement..
RT : everything is DOE says is a lie - THAT IS TRUTH!
What's your favorite thing about the #Indy500 ?
nope, we really dont like touring, we make music :D if ya like it, help support us to make more and pass it onto your friends :)
we pray 4 a better day but expects the worst
I'm thinking of having a contest...
Heard from TSA agent: "please remove all electronical devices." Feeling secure in my English.
I need your email so I can send press kit and I A P and mp3. I can only tweet you and not send direct message
My jokes are much funnier when I'm not drunk.
songs happening in Alabama, and in B-ham on Sat! party!
Bummer. I still think there will be some around in July and August as people finally let go of tickets they have been holding..
Gigbyte Cd beats artist needed
Merry Christmas Eve Eve!!!
The freak outs build one on top of the other until you can't tell who started what. :(
waiting for confirmation from WEBN.....
best score was 12.5 out of a possible 25. Blind tastings are tough!
This freakin tsunami is keeping me up. I need to be up in 5 hours
When Life Gives you Lemon, start a master cleanse! ~Honors English xoxoxo
FML... Like what? Have you eaten shit yet?
Studying for exams then concert later then movie night!
To bad it's not night yet...
get at me for more info about your product
I really really want to. Gonna have to think on this one!!
in session until 2 pm. Cld meet up at 2.
haha I know sorry, lol I thought I had her # but I didn't haha & you lucky, not going to school
Congratulation to Bebe Darlin for being promoted to Vice President!
I thought it was a pretty good suggestion
happy national siblings day you too >_< & btw you still never got me anything for my birthday...
It’s not fair for bama to want the rich to pay more taxes. They have given a ton of money to politicians so they would not have to do that.
Love expands. ~ Hugh Prather
Thanks for the follow, 'ister! :)
Tuesday afternoon and no team meeting to organize/attend. Not gonna lie, I'm feeling a little sad already.
Potatoes n cowboys Lego soup! With a hint of unicorn spice... Sure Hit the spot! Yummy n my tum tum tummy!
My quota of alcoholic fruity smoothie drinks seems to be 12. I puked a rainbow
yes a long two weeks
www.boards.sportslogos.net
#welcometoparadise #codyjakeustream shoutoutt to Megan, Sammy,&Jackie please?It was a dream come true meeting you(:
When the hell is my mom gonna make some dinner?
thank u, and im gonna guess that ur single 2 huh?
don't knock it until you try it! you might be hungry and hour later though...LOL
3, not 2. Already fixed it. Geez.
#210 Come join me (1604 & Bandera) 4 Friday the 13th LADIES NIGHT Edition! Reverse Happy Hour from 11 to 2am!! 21&UP no cover
“: dave guetta is 44 yrs old” and your point is?
hell yea!!
I'm tired, need to finish editing a paper. Watching Pilobolus for free at the Lied center as a mental break, then back to caffeine all night
Short sales and banks go together like cold weather and molasses
There is nothing better on a cold wintry day than a properly made pot pie. ~Craig Claiborne
Hey ! I need the new LP "Wildlife Pop" for preview! ! I can barely contain myself.
LOL RT : Tim Tebow visited the Statue of Liberty today. Marking the first time he has successfully been inside a woman.
this one? Hope to, just landed in Miami and connecting to the DR.
NYC users - take a photo of the statue of liberty and earn cash.
cant seem 2 wake up this mornin think I need 2 go back 2 bed :)
M idk I wanna bake something . Lol #sweettooth & it was good I liked it we saw the avengers ! (:
Enjoy their tweets and follow: , , , ,,
Can Cliff Lee tell Cody Ross #dontlebronme?
two please!
Also...step up my photo game. Baby niece is in town so I've got a subject. My parents will love 3,000 photos of their granddaughter I'm sure
I'd rather be caught holding up a bank than stealing so much as a two-word phrase from another writer. ~Jack Smith
Great presentation today. Hope you feel better.
lol i had 6 jack in the crack tacos yesterday
I wonder what the guy who created meatspin is doing nowadays
What am I watchin?
We just wrapped up an awesome rehearsal! Madd amped about the shows the shows for this month.
thanks! Now we are having the holy crap we just bought a house moment, but it's all good. :)
btw - finally catching up on Jason is annoying. I'll happily take his place! hahaha
Aye my shit just came on
Thank you for the follow.
#Imagine Jake singing a love song to you, out of tune, as you lay beside him <U+E32B>
#FF (I don't care if it's Monday, that's how cool they are).
I had a really good day and night(:
I know it had black influence 2, but in its pinnacle form.. its white as white gets. Think of those people dancin!
And only if I want to xD
We're just pieces of a broken puzzle.
Green Power Energy is excited to announce that we have been awarded the 9 Main Street 350 kw solar farm project in Annandale, NJ.
Gettin' ready for the Packer game - margaritas, check! Sammy Hagar tuneage, check!
I can't.. I got something I need to deal with..
Thanks. He left on his own peacefully. Mainly I was irritated that I got a masters degree to be treated like that.
Rochester March 23rd we melt your faces alongside and BE THERE.
Thx 4 ur help w/ that! I appreciate it.
#WheresTheBeef MT : Will Paul Ryan, in big speech warning about... deficit, tell us how exactly he would reduce the deficit?
goodnight twitter and facebook
it's going to be a G.O.O.D summer...
Conner on 8th grade field trip to DC. My Q: IAD, BWI or DCA? His A: DCA! (Myboy.) (btw, could get more action in Madison these days).
Thanks E! I've had account since '09, but just made my 1st tweet today--kinda like a child speaking for the first time.
“: Retweet if you think the Emoji people are missing a major opportunity by not releasing scads more emojis”
Hope to see you at the Mixer on Tuesday 11/1! Bring another Woman With Moxie!
Thanks for the #FF! , , , *love* to be stalked, keep spreading the word!
Songs: "Suddenly C3PO," "Fett Me," "Mushnik and Twin-Suns," "Somewhere That Hasn't Been Blown Up Like Alderaan"
Great patio day, our specials are apple-cinn hotcakes, and a grilled chk quesadilla w/ black bean salad
alright. its fine haha it was worth asking :)
Where do you guys want to see us tour?! This is super important! :D We may be there very soon!
i said its on now silly
Thank you!
I do that w/ my custom goals, but IEP direct has a bank to choose from. You can customize them too.
loved the scene too, although it was such a spin of emotions. Awww cute, they're kissing to...holy $%#&, did he really just do that!
Yay, welcome to Twitter!
Agreed, Clipper website is terrible. Changing mailing address from two lines to one (removing apartment numbert) is broken.
RT : Big data isn't about more data, it's about visible connections and the context.
The bigger your super soaker was the more street cred you had on the playground
Caffeinated Quiz time, let's see what you got! Turning down central heating thermostat ? degree, fuel consumption is cut by as much as 10%.
#MotivationsMondays "Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." -T. Edison
If ur girl JUST had a baby and she is in better shape then you, ur fuckin up.
Ethnic separation is separation, I was not able to sit with a MX friend in the Spanish section at a conference. Brewer is right to sign ban
Index has dropped slightly this year.
a you i love you jasmine thk your contest you speak speis
Tonite:Ace Augustine, I am History, Oh The Irony,Here Goes Nothing,Of Accordance, Juggernaut, Beyond The Victory and Of Oceans- Doors @ 4:30
“And the day came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom.”
followed back,thanks :)
HELLO JESSY AND HOW ARE YOU? DO YOU HAVE FACE BOOK ALSO. I MUST SAY YOU ARE A BEAUTIFUL LADY. HOPE WE CAN BE FRIENDS
Ooh(; wanna show some photos?;) xx
Spirited bkfst chat w/kids abt SOPA. Their generation definitely believes that all content should be free.
It is different for this generation, a shift in decisions on #housing and #schooldebt. #pmc #fixhousing. Janice Eberly
Goodmorning everyone! Exciting news were trying out a new guitarist today hopefully all goes well! Hope everyone has a good day!
in honor of linkedin's ipo, i've semi-updated my profile. to my 5 followers, save me if you haven't already.
Lambrusco no more ): I guess its up to budlight!!
Thank you for what you do, from us & Sometimes caregivers get overlooked & their role is PIVOTAL to patient.
oh hehehe...;) yes I'm sure there are!m m m
How was #friendtime?
you are hosed
...AT LAST!! A safe (HCG Free), effective, and all natural DIET PILL that really works!! I am down 24 pounds in 10 weeks! This is so EASY.
Go to gym or watch J Lin? Can't decide.
Audition tip #2: Do what you came to do and get out! Nothing kills a great audition like running your mouth too much after!
Thx, Rick. I officially start in late June.
Joshua #Carrier partial verdict in down in Springs. He's the former police officer accused of sex assault. Lot of counts.
“: Okc can't live off jump shots they going to miss some of those shots” pau is a wreck right now
Today's Lunch Feature: Smoked Garlic braised pulled pork Philly w/ red peppers, onion, provel Soup: Butternut Squash
no documentation left, un/fortunately. what kinds of shows did you want to direct?
its crazy right now man smh
North Korean Rocket Said to Fail Moments After Liftoff Defying weeks of international warnings of more censure and sanctions, North Korea
lol I wish . I don't know if Tannehill is gonna be all the great, I hope he is doe
Attn. all hiking enthusiasts in Seattle area - WWC wants to plan a hike. Are you be interested? Where would you like go/see? RT with info
#IKnowThisOneGirl who only talks ish over the Internet but never in person
At the Seussical with and
Bought Point of Morrow. Great, as usual. But we always fall in love with the new artist. For me, Tramp.
That's a good lookin' book, Eleanor. Congrats!
Just did a skype call at 38,000 feet. It's truly an amazing world we live in.
Twitter acting too stupid
Banana pudding and rain>>>>>>>>
These niggas hustlin ain't gettin no money lol..I bet 87% of em stay wit they Moma or wit a bitch in low income...get a loft or condo
Yep! Four for you glen coco!! :D
Cheese and sweet tea are the reasons I can't lose weight. -_-
dudes come and go i can always find better
This dumb ass phone! I didn't mean to RT that! Lol!
Hey just talked to someone at costplus last night about dumping food. Do you guys ever work with them??
Everyone down with an 8 minute video of pure stupidity?
Ed Schultz called Sarah #Palin a bimbo. Where's her apology?
im sorry i said stuff please dont be mad
If you're not living on the edge, you're taking up too much room
Yay long weekend!!! No school! :D
is this position still available: Design and Marketing Assistant?
Chinatown seems like a good movie to watch for Mother's Day. "She's my sister AND my daughter!"
thanks dude! I will correct :)
it took 4 of us to figure out how to work the popcorn machine in the breakroom
huge congrats to getting 3 million WMYB views. <3 they deserve it. Now they just need 100k likes on facebook :) #support x
Any chance the police will enforce "safety" "sanitation" and "law and order" against the financial sector?
Happy birthday & best wishes to our team capt and leader! Have fun in Austin buddy!
Fun words to know: Antonym.
“Have you ever been in love? Horrible isn't it? It makes you so vulnerable.”
I participated in a #WalkForAutism yesterday; I got distracted a few minutes in. Yelled at a few people and then got frustrated and quit.
Why you may ask, I have a great thing allready...but there aint no rest for the wicked my dears.
I love farmer's markets! They should open one in #Laredo!
I felt like a 12 yr old little girl when he waved to me yesterday.
um say what?!?! YOU'RE GETTING A PUPPY?!?!?!?!?! I'm over at kaceys that's why I ask playa
My mom just called my sisters and I ugly.
Columbia Heights Educational Campus please spread the word about our Art Competition
Cause there'll be no sunlight if I lose you, baby There'll be no clear skies if I lose you, baby
A3: Teach a response chain, like painting, and remove items needed to complete chain. Learner mands for missing item
Hoppy Easter Every Bunny!
will do. woof
something about mary
Just living the dream. (Or following those who are living a better dream.)
Homemade zipline + #Georgia = Nothing good
Important! #HappyEndings on Tuesdays. I now have something to watch on Tuesdays.
Doing some grown up stuff.
WE WILL BE GIVING SLOBBER SNAKS BISCUITS TO THE CUTEST PUPS AT BRAVES BARK N THE PARK THIS SUNDAY..LOOK FOR US..
I just love the baby girl, what a sense of humor!
ate my weight in pizza, followed by chocolate. someone's eating her feelings.....
Almost time to Funk it up! Can Chris Johnson tear down the Steel Curtain? Should be a great game! I predict Tenn 27 - Pitt 17
#follow me I #follow back
What do u think of our enhanced ebooks? Tell us!! (Tag ) & you'll be entered in a drawing for a FREE TICKET to OPUS May 17-20
That's annoying
Vampires with multiple personality disorder are like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get. Hot Damn.
Our greatest battles are that with our own minds. Jameson Frank
No idea
CT time! Very good episodes!
yes you r . follow me
We are going to start offering a new Eng/American culture summer course to incoming foreign students. Could be a model.
Can't nobody make you mad<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> like someone you <U+2764>!!!
Old alcoholics are the funniest
I'm a have to check this out I love strawberries. You been keeping up with WWE
lamest #yolk tweet ever. Mise well say. Watching paint dry!
RT : AMBER COLE GOTTA BE A TOP 5 REASON NOT TO HAVE A DAUGHTER Lmfao
well now thats depressing :( I thought I was easy to follow..not to be confused with 'easy' in general. Um, yeah. Hope you can. :)
Did Gillette just blatantly steal Nike's around-the-world commercial idea?
Market for legal & compliance-as-a-service clearly warming. The new, old law firm - or the new, new deal for delivering #law & #legal svcs?
Thanksgiving first!!! So much food..
Just buying a washer and dryer. 2 hr window for del missed it by 4 hours. Cancelled the order. this after water heater took a week
super fun!!!i am coming with a few friends though - idk if it's too many
Early morning workouts = after-work patio Happy Hours =
I LOVE what you've done for NYC through NYRP giving communities back their gardens and parks.
.... Figure out how to climb it, go through it, or work around it." ~ Michael Jordon
My moms the best fucking cook lol, but she rarely cooks.
I use beer lol works the same haha
New life philosophy I'm working on: I will not dismiss any idea or concept until I try it or can top it.
Tht lil boy need to sit his behind down
Huh, you'd think you would have heard it a lot by now
like them New Orleans Dudes lol
"I love summer... girls wear NOTHING" - Jon Schwerer, circa 2009
u gonna finally come clean on Roger Clemens HGH use under oath?
I Cant sleep :/
Haha. I know the feeling! x
god morning <3
Computer went wonky, small fonts, screen skewed. I assumed I was having a stroke. I may be a hypochondriac.
But look where you are now...head of the Modern LANGUAGE Association. She obviously did many things right.
I figure that RT : i was gone fool
Good morning tweeting boaters! Getting ready to Deliver the Boating Dream to another happy customer today! That is what MarineMax does!
Chode Lee looks like a fat ass whale
Keep calm? Highly armed. Me? Turn my swag on? My mic's transform to pipe bombs, I eat planets like Unicron. Lebanon with John Lennon on.
Why isn't it raining here?
That's big. Congrats!
After a lengthy & productive whiteboarding session this morning, my office smells like purple.
Is there a way to see the West De Pere game online or listen it to it?
youll be back in no time... Yeah, I'm finally going back over there... It's been almost 10 years...
That looks amazing! :) Ha! At first glance I thought it was cycling and cheese....
Almost forgot #withoutshoes. Removing now that my meeting is done. Drive home & salon trip will be awkward.
Oh!lol that's BAD!
Thunderstorms Monday. A little bit late.
That is pretty funny.
you are too kind. I want to make you something as well. House warming gift!
Now we're the only table without a lit candle! Smh! Thanks a lot !
Slowly getting used to #running again. Minimal pain!!! Signed up for 4 races. :)
All Moments Are Holy.
Don't dare friend me - only introducing a friend of mine to some friends of mine. Friend me - I'd never be able to show my face in Port.
uh, you know me. what do you think?
65-67 degrees, mainly cloudy. Prfct walking weather :0) RT : what's weather going to be like in Little Italy 4 Art Walk?
oh goodness...
It must be budget time for a lot of print & online media folks - I'm getting a TON of cold calls this week!
Paul Robbins up now, arguing for #atxcouncil to redirect profit from sale of Green plant to water utility; offset bills
Thanks BK. I was being followed by differnt people from the same slutty date service.
Coney Island Queen.
design and pilots disruptive real-time DR2.0 & HAN services for #smartgrid, using mobile IPv6 smartphone connectivity soon details
I feel u bro I was never the type to drink smoke nor go to parties so I feel u bro!!!!!
“: ALL I WANT FOR MY BIRTHDAY IS A CAKE WITH JOHN'S FACE ON IT. <33”
OMG that is unbelievable! Thank you for making my month.
Mercury retrograde hitting twitter--can't access my @ pages. It'll end Dec. 13th. Until then, bcc ur emails to ensure successful delivery!
yea right. I see all these shoe posts. Haha. I'm doing great homie. How about u? We gotta catch up next time u in Florida.
Lady Gaga you will get my superbowl vote when you ask me to Custom make you an Elton Johnlike superbowl surprise platform shoes!@!!
Just seen jesse Jackson at work and of course, I pointed at him n called him out....best believe he acknowledged me. Lol.
Condensing what was previously two bedrooms into one is a bit challenging. I'm having to get organizationally crafty.
do u have a link for Indiana residents displaced in Henryville IN and Marysville on here by Tornadoes?
Time for The Avengers
spanish test tomorrow.. guessing a C- or D on it... oh well.
S/O EMCEE / VIOLATOR ALLSTAR DJ / POWER 92 ON AIR PERSONALITY SAT 9A-2P SUN 4P-7P / FORMERLY INFAMOUS SYNDICATE
Great sesh with about #artstech in SF! I am le noodled with excitement
Give 2 Max only 12 hours in! If you haven't given, what are you waiting for?
Nothing can beat Niam, But I still would love love love Diall (:
GAWD. David "Napoleon" Stern sucks.
I just finished "Chapter 4: Templates" of the Django Book. Moving on to "Chapter 5: Models" which is how Django interfaces with databases.
Waiting to go into Rialto. To many fucking people.
It will always be hard to let go of memories & people but choose to let go than just be stuck with one person,who never sees your worth.
Great season Knicks........ Congrats Heat .... The better team won this year ..... Til we meet again
u r a tool nd u r a jackass booker t is a good commatator. i dont noe how to spell it . watchin #smackdown nd loving it :D
come sleep. we'll dream about dem wings together
Our website is being redesigned.
RT : I will never regret you or say that I wish I'd never met you because once upon a time you were exactly what I needed.
Will hit you up in a bit.
chocolate chips stuffed with double stuf oreos. Made by 's sister.
#WOFCollegeWeek Entrance exam!
Well, if you've never taught before your probably qualified to teach at Lakeland College.
Haven't Tweeted an accent tip for a while. Requests?
#IfOnlyICould make my dream come true.
yup, these are pretty awesome :)
Lakers, you should probably play like your fucking season is on the line.
too many baby showers, not enough weddings
What goes around comes around like a hula hoop.
Does that only fruits, veggies, and water for a month really work? Been trying 2 drop some weight and nothing else seems to work!
I haven't been much--just Saturday night and this morning, mainly to drop off supplies.
"..feel-good measures can’t make up for a basic lack of resources in many schools." What Teachers Want by ttp://bit.ly/IqtUkZ
Guess the Greaseman retired?
The cook made me me chicken wings & I didn't even have to askk
R.I.P Baatin of Slum Village
And if you still sleep WAKE THE FUGG UP do something with ya life!
Lmao Too Badd She Got Grounded >.<
There's a lovely, tall brunette that has captured me, and I'm okay with that.
Lit candles and put them around my room while grooving to #TheBeatles. Good vibes. This is as close as I'll get to tripping tonight.
that always happens to me! Lol
hey, daddy is so proud of you, he was crying last night! :) Love ya and were trying to come !
You are the winner of the draw?
repeat after me...bored. waiting waiting. BORED.
U not on ya job wit this Twitter get ya network on bro
Heard that! RT Advice: #SocialMedia marketers need to respect communities before jumping in and selling their products.
RT : Chef Ben Baker nurtures 167-year-old starter. How old is your sourdough bread starter?
Oh hey! I didn't see you there! Is that a new haircut? looking good.. looking good. :)
ultra shopping?lol
Who loves Stixizza? ME!
I feel bad for the people in the wheels & cranks of the aerial view hay bale bicycles, so close and they don't even get to watch
a day off is usually never a true day off.
hmm I was told differently. Savings either way!
Have I died and gone to hell? It is way to hot outside.
Why are we constantly looking to reject the authenticity of photojournalism while seeking "the truth" in fine art photography?
RNG was amazing !! Voting for them Non-Stop !! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
pimp talk.
"Dance can fuse worlds in ways words cannot." - Peter DiMuro, last night, speaking on the power of cross genre & cultural collaboration
We still have upgraded balcony rooms available for #VisionExpo! Book now!
No team with Blaine as their Quarterback, is going to challenge us. I don't care how good their defense is, ours is better.
Boyfriend's last day in Irvine with me. Mega ultimate sad (but excited to buckle down and work work work).
I'm so confused...what is this lol!?!?
Sad that I cut off practically 1/2" of hair every month....my hair grows fast and I keep cutting it OH WELL LOL
from one moment to a next a thousand wasted Brooklyners all depressed.
We hope you all had a great weekend, what did you do? I hope it includes #studying especially with mid-terms coming up this week!
how us anne's dad? Can we make another plan yet to visit??
Make sure u make the most of this priceless day. Let's focus our attention & our effort toward those things that hav real meaning!
Thats full time at the Stadium of Lights. Man United 1 - nil
Hey you can at least call a brother and let me know hiw you are doing
We're so excited about tomorrow's campaign trip and hope you are too! We'll be tweeting under the hashtag
I'm feeling good just waking up<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Getting ready for the Golden Globes with a complimentary blow-dry and make-up at Byu-TI Salon !
C.H. Spurgeon observed: "The anvil is not afraid of the hammer."
3 weeks ago there were no interesting playoff races in baseball and yet, yesterday might have been the most exciting last day evah!
Chicago bears
If u gone rap, do that, we done heard the song, we wanna hear you, don't come to the show and rap ya ad libs
Been driving since noon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096> can't wait to get there! SC here I come!
Iv decided to stop taking bullshit from people !
Heading to the ATL airport to head to California for my first race of the season! :)
good morning!
#ewomen2010 Today is the day! Looking forward to new friends and new experiences. Excited to spend time with my roomie
Horton out for playoffs, Francona says no to Fenway 100 invite, Gronk won't be on the cover of Madden. #Redsox will win today Boom
i HATE that. raisins are impostors.
anytime your in chi would love to work with you ;) check me out on facebook/hairbymarina
(cont.) of "Blue Valentine". I was not at all invested with what happened to the couple. Starts well but falls apart quickly.
many thanks!
oh lets not go that far now
If you ever should find someone new, i know she better be good to you
kids in GLobal Action Project (social entrepreneur style class) present business plans 2 panel in 40 min- has them well prepared
For the first time in My Window Man history we have a sign on our shop! Woohhooooo!
RIP Etta James- One unforgettable voice.
TRAFFIC ALERT: With Fish Hatchery Road closed from Badger Road to Wingra thru Sunday, use John Nolen as an alternate to/from the Beltline.
Dear Future Boyfriend, Play Football. Be good at it. Love you. :)
Back working on the eBidjob website. Connecting homeowners with home and garden contractors. Tree removal or prunning call 770-310-4650 Jeff
It takes a long time to grow an old friend
Love that people are shocked by questionable (& incorrect) Shakespeare authorship theories bc of a Hollywood film. Late to the debate, guys.
I thought they’re called the “Empire State Yankees” this year? In any event, please affiliate with Rochester someday!
All of these Columbia students walking around my neighborhood in their graduation robes... But they don't look hammered. I don't get it.
Gmail down, Texas state sales tax site down. Tax day... Is this the beginning of the end?
I have a really really big test tomorrow. Wish me luck olease?!? :] <U+2665>
Good Morning! It rained last night and supposed to rain today! :) Getting my boots out, T. Gozney Thornton playing at Rodeo tonight 8pm!
You will never start the next chapter of your life. If you keep re-reading the last one...
google sites proving to be a very handy tool for several projects. how far can I push?
Told Evan that Giants and Yanks make up for Knicks. What does he have making up for his ETS? Dan Murphy raking singles.
I'm the only person fuckin wit me
what is up?
letting the past have the power to ruin the future,
That would also be bad. I also went on a date to see YOUNG ADULT last year. How that guy and I didn't make it work, I have no idea
RT : lol we not doing this on twitter lol thats rite cause nobody can't Control Stone Cold!
hi, do you have instagram? x
the iconic boyz first walking on the abdc stage
Another caution, Newgarden is in the wall in turn 10. Also Ed Carpenter is in the wall after being hit by Beatriz. 12 Laps to go.
Love the side commentary on the athletic shoe in the camera view & chicken scratch guy. It 's like I'm there
lol Rob you were one of the dancers right? Ha ha "this is semi-scary"! Lol
How common and normal a lack of decency in society is always unnerves me.
I'm get my tattoo this weekend
I need my phone back.... Fuck.
"If Morrissey says don't eat meat, then I'll eat meat, because I hate Morrissey." - Robert Smith from The Cure
Keep heading outside for my candy cane breaks, then I realize it Illinois it's legal to do indoors.
I have a 120 or 140 gb drive? One of the two.
ah shit I thought we were square on that man
“Knowing a great deal is not the same as being smart...” ~ Carl Sagan
S/O to my new follower
hahah I can't wait to start hanging out with you at cheer and stuff
"she ratchet" lmao. I'm just seeing this YouTube video.
forreal what would you do if austin mahone came up to you and was like.. you're beautiful <3
you ridin with me?
love you, good night sis!
Its kiss
Good luck! Have a great show!
I did that all the time at Schulers :)
No plans tonight? Here's an idea -- why not visit the Fitchburg Public Library! Check out a new book and a dvd you haven't seen!
sending email spam is a bad idea, I suggest you stop doing it.
yeah bro I totally got a man crush on vinny. Fuck you're a stupid bitch go choke on a cheerio
...I want to go to heaven when I die to hear Jordan roll!
Awards ceremony about to begin
Was it really necessary to do away with the A,B,C,D,E grading system? Now it's E,G,S,P,U At least the old system helped u learn the alphabet
Off to eddies...
Fun bike ride with !
I really really really really really really really really really really really really really really really like you... like alot!
"I thought I told you that we won't stop!" They analyze. WeGETWORK
I've been hearing about it a lot lately. I'd be one seriously raging bish if I couldn't eat full-on until end of the day. LOL
I will never ever ever forget this piece. I couldn't laugh, but that's what you'd expect, right?
Man Boobs are fine, if your name is JULIE!
and it has nothing to do with the c.v. :)
Out of more than 80 postcard packs we've sold, we've only received 2 in the mail so far...
So cool! I wish I was there. You guys are great.
needa take me to hooters lol i'm hungry
Wrote another new song in class today...this is a habit now oh jeez.
#thingsAwisePotHeadwouldSay Call me Mr. PotHead, I can my make your grades drop!!!
P2P downloads? Can I be the elephant in the room & mention tpirating sites & bit torrent sites are an indication as well?
nice seeing you too! It's been awhile
I absolutely love going to the fire hall with Brandon <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Remember, there are two words in life that will open a lot of doors for you. Push and Pull.
Notice me please <U+2764>
a lovely find. thank you
writing a paper over Social Learning Theory and Social Networking. Should be interesting
With landscaping, those who are living in urban sector can easily connect themselves with nature & can think about conservation
umm NO! :p
Where's my rain jacket when I need it?
Finished the replay of Border Wars a few hours ago. Great show, shame most of us didn't see it live.
When I die burry me upside down so the world can kiss my ass.
Any Tweeps have experience with Broadway Veterinary Hospital? I'm looking for a vet that is more convenietly located. Thanks!
I feel old most days mainly because I see too many doctor's office's.
Sad sad news. ": BREAKING NEWS!!! CNN News reports Grammy Award Winning Whitney Houston dead at age 48"
Amazing?? Never thought I'd hear that word describe something from Taco Bell.
Got my landscape design from this weekend. yay!
Maybe it was just better the first time around!! RT: those of us who are girls with brown eyes vehemently disagree.
Working at 5am sucks time 4 bed already
-You will be dearly missed
Corruption? Embezzlement?
Lovely day in Minnesota! Gotta love #TheForce that creates days like this.
is wiggin' out about his new comp: 15" macbook pro 1st gen (for sure!). i am sure i will look back on this day as a "game changer"
Day of blunders
hahahah sorry! I just thought you'd apreciate it.
hey beautiful(:
Haha, If only I knew the book I didnt read would be part of the final...
crazy party lastnight...cops came by three times..gotta try and get sleep
I can never pull all nighters. I love sleeping too much.
lmfao no not really. i just sat at home all day today on tumblr... i fail at life.
One test and off to the city I go!!!
All misfortune is but a stepping stone to fortune. -- Henry David Thoreau
so fun!
Oh, for F#cks sake! #Grammys Really? Alzheimer's Cowboy?!?!
Today is my three-year anniversary on #Twitter! Where's my cake?
#PennyFromHeaven RT “: What NAME should we give 's 80-yard game-winner to ? Best air on !”
I see you no longer carry grapefruit hydrosol. Is it possible you could point me in the direction of someone who does?
no but really.. where's MONCHELE today?? lol
I saw something actually that said the average person goes on tumblr for 3 hours a MONTH. you mean 3 hours before dinner...?
I wish I was as blunt, bold and ignorant as I once was...maybe I would say half things I have to say *shrugs* oh well, apart of growing up
I just wanna see you strip
Women,men like new pussy & will cheat on you just to experience new pussy even if the new pussy is bad,worthless,& ugly!
My family tho >
With over 70 TacoTime Northwest locations, it should be easy for you to have a quick and healthy lunch on-the-go.
You just so make me laugh. As always.
The thing that helps us shift from resistance to transformance in hope, which happens in
awww how cute.
I've been using swiftkey, and find it actually worth paying for.
got my confirmation ticket in the mail today for the sort of feels like one of willy wonka's golden tickets
Congratulations to for winning #gsec11 grand prize of $12,500 !!
Um, how amazing is this new Jack White album?
Is that safe?
Thankyou Moes for providing me with great food and music
Did you include goals for helping others in your resolutions this year?
Brown rice
Hey are you ready for Vegas? And is #Vegas ready for you?
Little kid shitt drama grow the fuck up lmao!
First hurling practice today with ! WOOT! Here's hoping I don't take a hurley to the face...!!
Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights after 10, we've got great late night specials for all of you Nite Owls. Check us out!
I just want a boyfriend who has brown skater hair, who's tan, and who has braces
CUNT. CUNT. CUNT. CUNT. I JUST WANT TO LEAVE FOR WORK ALREADY.
Happy Birthday Selma Blair! She turns 39 today & has starred in hit movies such as Cruel Intentions & Legally Blonde.
Will be there this weekend with every tourist RT : See them now: Washington's cherry blossoms are nearing end of their peak.
Stress over nothing -_-
Locked down 7 music videos, 3 photoshoots and 4 more meetings this week, all before 2am. Photoshoot in 6 hours w so I'm out
.: part of design in data modeling is thinking about what end users presumably won't need to think about
How cool! I'm glad that you liked what I shared
Peyton's talent is truly unbelievable and his looks are just a bonus. He's going to go far...just watch.
I'm so glad they played even though they probably could have sold out a venue twice the size. It was perfect.
wow! impressive! :) RT an I are always first to shows with We plan on being here all day. ;)
I forgot to add some words
And yes I know it's always been likely solved, but come on man, where's fun in a lack of mystery?
YOU LIKE TO PONDER THE CINEMA?!
oh she STILL bumps Salt n Pepper & Queen Latifah, she is a head bobber two stepper finger tapper ....
Hi. That's all I ask for.
tell me why this is a good time to follow? Sorry, not been on for a few days. :)
Officially obsessed with <3
is that $21 one way?
K-WASH AKA "THE BUBBLE JACKET" IS BACK!!
Been doing nothing all day. So boring. :/
Creepy... This song was on Pandora the same time I read this tweet.
Fuck my fucking life... I always get treated like shit.
Just borrow the cheesehead from the newsroom cubicles! Though not as #Derby ish.
Last night was awesome as Iron Pigs from as far away as Phoenix came to NW Ohio to give me my Life Member patch.
wish she had a boyfrien SO! bad lmao
Any but Hulk. No one likes an angry drunk. RT : If you could have a drink with one of the #Avengers which would it be and why?
I am going to die you guys. Omg. Ah.
I am loving how many brothers I'm seeing today.
Praying for you today. Know God's love is fresh every day! Blessings!
Super-duper shout out to the best promoting homie in the biz & Studios,
On the flipside my appreciation and knowledge of art and music have increased dramatically.
So you ain't claiming OUR kids now? *Hmph* RT : NO> I have 1. Dis nigga got 30 and make minimum wage/
I hate Wendy! She is a psycho!!!!
How about a RT because the Australian Synchrotron has the best beamlines out there?
it's amazing!
no one should be going to the gym at either of those times. hahaha
DealShow is live right now! Go check it out at www.dealshow.com. We have lots of #toys cheap!!!
-doing #Crossfit for over a year! Before I ate what I wanted but now I am focusing on my diet and workout simultaneously.luv it!
Devante gets on my neves with his non sense talking lol;)
Can't help but be happy for Shane Doan, one of the classiest people in all of sports.
This is so cool! Question: Why aren't there unlimited copies of e-books? Is it not all digital? Just curious to know!
sweet of you to offer, but I'm not in Seattle anymore. Have a great show!
Due Thurs: a paper on technology in Indonesian libraries and a digital repository model for a historical society. Oh, library school.
It requires less character to discover the faults of others, than to tolerate them.
Thanks for the mention. We're looking forward to everything Shauna brings to the table.
: Sitting waiting for the movie "Bully" to start and their playing One Directions song "Taken"!! What a great start to the day!
I'd love to roll with John McEnroe.
thanks for sharing, nice hat!
yea yeah lol
By the time you understand this you'll be high so No Worries - via
Where are you/Where did Jenna move to?
Bella looks pretty cute in twit pic<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
(seriously, thanks to twitter i legit think that i am friends with the entire texans defense. #delusional #texanscreeper)
Next time I'm Letting him chase after me.
we are ready for summer grilling with Oskar Blues and our Polidori Bratwurst. What "pairing" would you suggest? Mama's?
Did she forget to draw on that other eye brow............
You're going to look queer regardless of how many sit ups you do...nowhere near as queer as though....
Dating Tip 11: Not everyone wants their own sex tape. If you really want to videotape me, tell me beforehand.
#Nowplaying Dondria - Run Away (Featuring D-Mac)
Merry christmas to all my friends
Being around some with terets used to be funny. If I get it I hope I randomly blurt out som wu tang shit! Ghost-Face-Killaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!
yeah seriously, I changed my PW just in case, I any RT or DM! Ahh I'm good and you?
Here is probably a top 10 favorite song of mine. I also really dig the lo fi aesthetic so eh. Bee Thousand/Alien Lanes are so
Thanks for the mention - hope it's going well!
shooting in the rain-bit of rain-then no rain-lot of rain-and a beautiful rainbow. shooting is good-no matter what
nice! How was it?
Midnight showing of #thedevilinside should be amazing!
thanks for coming to UT today! It was great to meet you, Scott! See you at APSEC!
email me if you need a job in the UK or other places! I got some resources here.
Beware the bats are back....
Sorry I post status' about things that does come to my mind atm. But fb IS asking what's on my mind.
hehehe enjoy ! Let's Go Yankees! Have fun
I'll have to settle for In My Eyes cover songs.
"There might be struggles on the road to your dreams, but I'd be living in a nightmare choosing not to chase my dreams."
Today Wine down thursdays!! $20 bottle of wine...come in and indulge the flavors we have to offer...
ends unlimited data. Best way to avoid the throttle? Switch to !
currently gearing up for my CD release. Get ready cause I&#39;m commin&#39; at ya.
"O beautiful for pilgrim feet" is among the stranger lyrics out there.
you're a Toronto coon
Seems like a lot more trouble than its worth... But maybe you could be someone that it is worth it for.
When you retweet Princess Sass, I can't take you seriously.
The female u shud be with is the one that wants to see u happy even if its not with her
Amazed I remembered enough German to get compliment from native speaker. Says more about low expectations of US lang. skills than about me!
yes you are. (: lol
Downed 3 shots of straight V and blazed 3 rolls by myself last night (: dylan and chad were close but Ima pro #nexttimemaybe lol
It's official! City Council voted unanimously to adopt the #pdxplan. Thx 2 every single Portlander who contributed to this amazing effort!
Y do LBN'S always think they goin to get sum.they so lame nt in this lase front #dnt do it no mo
KFC kettle chips
Now THAT show I saw twice! (& loved) ":..we have lots of availability for next weekend's re-opening of Avenue Q..."
What's your troop's best cookie booth sale selling technique?
Progression Is Key.!
TONIGHT at 5:30, fashion show for sustainability. www.passionforfashionpdx.com. If you're not protesting, see you at the PSU Smith Ballroom.
HubSpot gathers data about your brand reach in popular media to help you understand changes in your market presence
lol just wish my voice sounded good! lol and yeah we r in the same time zone!!! ill go to bed about midnight!!
thats not grape :P
Getting tatted this weekend oh yeah
Congrats! Let me know if I can close your Virginia loans. In home and I'll knock off the settlement fee.
Congrats to MAM-GIOCAs Patrick, Laura, , Peggy and Pat on their successful thesis defense and graduation today!
Thinking of our friends in the #Dallas/ #Ft. Worth area this afternoon. Stay safe in the crazy weather!
"trust no one, fear none"
You know where bad girls club need to come? Chicago , show y'all some real fights! haha But the girls going to be from all over
I think your account has been hacked. You just sent me a strange direct message
you're such a hard worker, I love it!!
When the new website's up & running, we'll have a system in place for US orders- can't before then - labelling requirements :)
My Daughter starts her first day of school tomorrow. She has the same kindergarten teach as i did. So excited for her.
This is a test of my faith....
Bra if your gonna wear a cut up tee shirt at least get some muscle tone first...
Alright final question that we'll put out there for this afternoon is coming up next.
nice single up the middle sir. Great to see it live!
your welcome
Not true - Indiana shot the 3rd most free throws in the NBA this year. “: He also coaches a jump shooting team”
I'm from Tokyo! <U+6771><U+4EAC><U+306E><U+6240><U+6CA2>! Borgore<U+5927><U+597D><U+304D><U+3060><U+3088>! You should cum!
don't play fb games!!
of course, your to classy to fart us boys are
Finally warming up a little after a cool past couple of days. Sunny and highs in the mid 60's. Chilly tonight with isolated frost
I've always been the type to root for the underdog. Tonight will be no different!
should follow me because of how big of a fan i am. nuff said. (: 17
Hey thanks for giving us a listen :) - Glad you're enjoying it!!
OK is it me or did these tea & coffee cups shrink?
sure. We'll talk. They'll bomb. Talk is cheap. With oil money, bombs are too. Scary stuff ain't it.
And I'm in the #brooklynhalf!
LMAO! Met him at TSU. Cause you know I used to chill with Zee and Lo aallllllll the time so yeah.
THERE IS A COMPLETELY UNFAIR AMOUNT OF HOMEWORK FOR THE WEEK IM SICK.
'Do you have a cell phone?' Translation: I want your number but I don't want to make this awkward
Property crime in
Days like today remind me how hard it is to be a newsperson.
I'm T.J. Zane, and I endorse this message. Great way to update your members T.J. Thanks for sharing Tony.
2 more all-nighters of the semester?
Gospel meeting.s/o to all the good people left in this world and our creater!!
Happy FRIDAY! My strength come from the Lord. God is Good, All the Time.
if you ask me how im doin. id say in doin just fine. Id lie and say that your not on my mind. :D <SoFar,SoGood;*>
I'd down to hang out sometime! I wanna host a little backyard fire in my little corner of the wedge sometime soon.
Ask Abbey Clarke. I think I killed her.
Day three of #NGA conf. "Using Technology to Improve Human Services" feat. Case Commons CEO Kathleen Feely
Thanks, but I have help.
Incorrect! In the US of A, it is still Tuesday. ;)
Timmy ! :D
my mom mad some qood meatloaf , lol but i aint tell zay ion want her to be mad
Virginia~ These are the souls changes. I dont believe in ageing. I believe in forever altering ones aspect to the sun. Hence my optimism.
Introducing Wisconsin's best high schools …possibly - JSOnline...
#powerofwork kelly Brough just rapped. No really. So funny!
Happy Thursday to our new followers!
Tears and testimony. Amy Senser's day on the stand in her hit-&-run trial. Mark Albert's live report from court on KSTP-TV at 6p.
40% off Kentucky Derby Package at Hyatt Regency Louisville! TUES & WED ONLY!
I watched the Where The Streets Have No Name cover and I think Bono himself would applaud! AMAZING job!! My mind is BLOWN! :)
I guess we won't be hearing people complain about #Cousins&RG3 when RG3 checks in at WR and Cousins at QB and we see defenses look lost.
I wonder. A lot.
I want to marry a girl named Abracadabra! Any takers?
enjoying your date?
Late to the party at
They used to be called Jumpolines until your mom bounced on one back in '72.
... That's a daft punk song Brittany rofl
AH 2 more days :D lazy song video bitches <333
Come on time just 2 hours left let it be my bday all ready plz happy early bday
Win a FREE 2 night stay! Become a fan of HRL on FB by TOMORROW @ 12pm for a chance to win a 2 night stay for FREE!
Those images on twitter or pinterest would be cool, just not something I'd generally look for. That was my initial reaction.
Was Pinterest made to keep hipsters off the streets? Still struggling to see its purpose...
yay pork butt! The reason I quit vegetarianism..
This is late, but I said May the 4th be with you to a customer today (in a nerd shirt) and he laughed at me. Star Wars fans have no love.
probably the rabbits knowing me
did someone receive a package today?
Why "pandemic" with only 1 non-Mex H1N1 death? Not counting spaces in morgues; counting beds in hospitals. If they're wrong, no whining.
Halftime. Red Raiders 37 Blue Demons 36.
I'm no expert by any means, but i think the issue is you shouldn't tweet while playing hahaha
new terms for read very much like the stuff you have to sign when selling on amazon. Storage fee if your CD does not sell? so uncool
Ok im :( forreal i need a pick me up
Honda Commercial is one of the best. #Ozzy #CrazyTrain \m/
Glad you enjoyed it! MT Having ourselves a nice day at the park! , that is! Beautiful! Thanks for the tour,
It's hard to be above the influence when you are the influence
41% of American children are on the free and reduced-price lunch program. Something has to change.
What makes your movie different from every other movie I've ever seen?
Nigga Don't Act Like A ___________ Someone Finish It :)
it is friday for me !baseball tonight
Is wilting
alrighty mighty aphrodite :) hey listen i have to get off (-.-) my mom thinks i have a head injury so i have to go lie down ttyl
At least we haven't been doing any work
not to me. lol oh well.
"That was delightfully demented!!" -audience member post-
That awkward moment when you're on the bus and a seat opens up, but you dont move because it seems rude to the person next to you.
I wonder whether one of the Romney sons will run for pres to avenge for grandfather/father's loss, and what story will he tell of
Na only thing wrong with my feet is that they are orange :L <3
steelers fan I'm guessing
eww i hate that song he sounds so stupid and he sounds like hes trying to be justin timberlake
Turner suite is amazing! Make sure to stop by! They've been such an awesome sponsor!
San Fran just banned the Happy Meal. Wait, What?
you are just so cute! i remember when i first saw you on wizards and then i got so excited when you got your own show.
at some point if your going to claim your controversial policies helped the states economy, your probably going2need 2 stop record joblosses
Lisa, I hope we get to meet in person during conf
Site's in maintenance mode. Stay calm, megafans. I'm here.
hope u had a chance to enjoy some wine in between your scenes.
why do people give shout outs? i dont fully understand twitter
It looks like Twitter Bootstrap is used everywhere. It's even the most watched repo on Github even more than Rails and Node
Thanks! My right eyebrow is now jealous, natch.
#makegreatcontent Media in a digital world wisdom from
By "here" you mean "my pants?"
how is he supposed to know that they're not better than yours if he doesn't look.
hahaha. he does look like tyrese when he naked
Someone stole my dragons!!!!
really lol you must be a bad man then lol I've never been there before ..-_-
RT [Don't give energy to the negative. Neither should you resist it. That's how problems stick. Instead, use faith.] In yourself
thats so hot
Things are good! We're leaving DC -> Madison. Colman - law school, me - bschool, so hopefully see you in the not too distant :).
That my nine year old uses better grammar and punctuation than you.
#didyouknow that there is a suggestion box for and the #TRDA in the #jdown lobby! take advantage of it and let us know what you think
It's been about 140 rejections this year, with one fabulous acceptance that I'm sure will lead to more. It takes tenacity.
I,am trying to find a way to start the day without getting up so early in the morning! "sometimes it keeps me up all night"lmf/bestbylinc
He wwas very good, Gale Gillingham was much much better
what are u up to brah? Some one told me something bout u hehe
I'm detecting some regret over all those "Get Out The Vote!" tweets from earlier today.
Thanks for the tip on following
Congrats Kourtney K. and Scott on baby #2 hope it is a girl.
u rock. Thank u!
$2 Bud Light & Budweiser all day to wash down $1.75 beef or chicken tacos!
The emotional brain responds to an event more quickly than the thinking brain. -Daniel Goleman
Librarians getting wet. Sudden deluge.
Is there a 'kilt selector' as well?
We are infinity conduits. All of us.
Ohh That's so cool! my name is Makinli <U+2665> yours?
I feel like such a NOOB! :)
Weather is Fabulous Today for a Rooftop Happy Hour at Eden Lounge. Join Carl & Zita for the best Grown & Sexy happy hour. Doors open at 5pm
Must be springtime because there is bird poop on most of my windows. Time to have those cleaned!
When you don't know what to do, get still. The answer will come. --Oprah Winfrey
Magandang gabi sa iyo. It's still Wednesday where I am - you're in the future!
Mens Sine Pondere Ludit => the mind is playful when unburdened/free from pressure
I know im not the only one thats tryna be the only one, but i need to follow my ass....on twitter that is ;)
In Mexico today is the Mother's Day.. so please say happy day to ur Mom from me :-)
Merry x mas to all my people abd im happy I got to c today
Similarities with law firm and airplane. They tell me my departure is delayed, there is no time for a meal, and now there's a baby screaming
Panel tonight Going West! at the Harlem International Film Festival
& have discovered #turntablefm. Not sure if this is good or bad yet. Hope the play list doesn't include country (John).
S/O TO ALL MY NEW FOLLOWERS!!>>>>
Going to go and pickup the raw footage from the new "Honey-Doo" video today. Editing is a beast, but I think you'll appreciate the effort.
We hope everyone has a safe and relaxing 4th of July weekend!! Enjoy the weather!!
"Justice limps slowly behind" Nietzsche Please RT
Ellen is Awesome...
Oh please dear God let there be a karaoke version of Broken English soon. Would so love to belt my face off!!
Shooting a Drumming Video tomorrow for HUB :)
What are the chances of it being a good idea AND something no one else could think of independently?
Haha. I had pulled pork on a waffle last week ... in NYC. Go figure.
oh yes thats what i like to hear! haha omg i love them!!!!
Open at 7AM Mon-Fri. Let our grab and go section make your morning easy!
Benefits of video conferencing for corporations: For many companies the constant challenge of trying to operate, ask about
Thanks! :) you too.
Listening to my neighbor arguing with her bf in the hall makes me feel pretty good about being single...
well de Jason and some other guy woke me up in our apartment earlier
You hurt me, but I won't hate you or talk shit about you. After all I loved you for a long time.
FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY! :)
Isn't it so much nicer to rock home with the windows down? Oh wait, hand me a kleenex I need to sneeze! JK
Mike flatironed his hairdo!
Times sure have changed. Discussion continues by the way.
Me, , and Nikki today in social studies. >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> "NO,NO,NO"
"The Getaway" another sold out screening at the Plaza Classic.
get to Munich....your Chelsea boys will need you yelping from the sidelines......go for it
was going on
No validation for you!
Tony Miyar for Mayor of Miami Dade County. Clean up Time
Your thirsty bitch "take a sip"
and I am using free wifi. Take that corporate healthcare.
Make my Twitter adventure easier and send me the pic...you have peaked my curiosity.
i just wish u understood me
Belts be stretchin
it is my absolute and total pleasure!!!!
Awesome job, you!
True. Something taller than Wednesday's.
has its snowman onsite today. Come by and check it out.
#NowWatching "Love & Other Drugs" it's funny! The brother is funny but it's sad too.
Biffle is a company man. Yes man. Sucking kenseths dong tonight. Non racing ass punk.
Tears will get you sympathy, sweat will get you results!
Lmao! I didn't mean that <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Can't wait to go back down south and visit very soon! Very tolerable drive and the economy down there is thriving better than Ohio!
LOL, Christina: "I'm a coattail rider and I know it!"
who are you battling against?
Just get the big O out of office please!
make sure you bring your Laguna Beach season 1 dvd's when you move here... we've got some reminiscing to do.
Marco Valenzuela is a superb computer graphics (3D) artist! Thanks for being with Poised Creation from the beginning!
To believe in one's dreams is to spend all of one's life asleep
"thumb-drive" or "flash drive?" and... discuss
Of course I did. That's what I do.
When you spend the night at your girlfriends house and she makes you smoothies in the morning >>>
thanks for the shout out! Your readers can use the promo code "GOODTIMES" for a big discount :)
What a thrilling day!!! Such an honor to sing our country's National anthem at the Chicago Bulls playoff game 1! They won!!!
Food and Lake of the Isles bound. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>
opening DJ for Wayne is playing Drake songs to dubstep
I don't think the world is ready for him! He's gonna shut everything down It's gonna be freakin EPIC! I'll be all smiles! :)
A raccoon was on my back porch!
IF I AIN'T TALKING I AIN'T COMFORTABLE
#MardiGras eve. All request video Monday What will you show for MillerLite beads and your song? & at 8pm
give them a piece of mine, too. Crazy making.
Make a change to an invoice, print it out, then revert it back to its original form and save and close it.
they say you know when you know, i don't know '
Come to OVS this evening at 7:00 PM for our special screening of the Oscar-nominated film "Sister Rose's Passion" in honor of Tisha B'Av.
Just ran into one of my fave Bears at the gym. He was not amused by the hat I was wearing.
It's always exciting to get to the stage of arranging travel with the authors who are coming.
Well, that went better than expected, although the room is now considerably less full. Obviously.
excuse me what?
Where's ...I need another pic to add to my Billionaire Wiener Wall of Fame.
if you are talking about elastic IPs they are free (or darn near it). Standard machine images are between .04-.08.
My apology goes out 2 u duan p.n what can i say.......#fuckedupnite?
Grant you three wishes but im no whodini
No more Tally for me!! summa time with the babe !! =)
"Contagion" is an excellent film. Now don't touch me!
Spent the night with my babe >> family day today. Seeing him later >>
Nobody knows what's going to work when they're building a business, so it's nice to go quickly from idea to implementation.
Who me “ Talk that shit to someone who cares...”
sometimes i think about how hard my french final is gonna be and cry cause i'm probably not gonna study at all
Dear site visitors: we've found a brand that's ready to work with us. Give us a week. xo save20
One very easy solution...RUN THE BASTARD OVER! It's a win-win. One more vote for D and one less Tea Party moron.
Thanks to all who helped sell out the Rock&Roll Hotel last night!! Great Gig!!
That why you should drive a Mercedes. ;)
quiet easter monday, fiddling with tiny sllow web pages on my mobile
Traffic Tweet brought to you by #TacoBell: accident at Caesar Chavez just East of the I35
it is sad.
aw. thanks, bear! Have a great weekend!
Fire drill during soundcheck! Evacuating...into the snow!
"Dance is the hidden language of the soul." - Martha Graham, US choreographer & dancer (1894 - 1991)
Thanks katie!
#Peace out ! Off to #SanFrancisco!
sounds like a great trivia question, lol
Going to tear it up on the volleyball court! ! !
thx mama RT: : If you don't already- u should #Follow and check out her blog and #giveaways www.goodgirlgonerad.com
At a hotel in LA. Kids are FINALLY asleep!
Are you already making plans for your extra LONG Weekend?
Don't take life for granted, everyday is a gift! Make today a great one!
Home sweet home!!!! 3 days of mamas food and kickin dads booty on the links!
And we don't care cause were so into deep <3
I'll be on the 3:50 today, I'll write your name and phone number on a seat for ya!
waking up to see we were up 206% in our fan base was like christmas morning! Time to start engagement!
damn it. i wanted "the bieber." pretty sure it's a spoof. domain is registered to a name used by Yes Men.
yay for the res!
Congrats to the winner in the 25-99 employee category: Jackson Design & Remodeling!
Christmas time is here!
check your email when you get a chance
I'm gonna be annoying and share every second of my life on twitter just like my new best friend
The Word of God, says that at God's right hand are eternal pleasures, it says that in His presence there is fullness of joy. (Psalm 16:11)
Hi to all the #smbmad folks - missed you today but see you next month!
The warm weather clothes I'm wearing just happen to be red & white. I feel like a jackass today
I thought there was nothing worse tasting than a bad sunflower seed. Bad almond is a close, close second.
It does fine for books, but PDFs are tough because the format is fixed at 8.5/11 and the screen must awkwardly scroll.
It's been a great week at Jaunted...we're trying to reach 2,000 fans on facebook this week. Please share and like our page!
don't worry they weren't blondes <3
It is still to early to know. We will make an announcement here when they are posted.
I don't care about how I act in public until I get made fun of. Then I just stay quiet for a week. I care about what others say.
i am real... or at least i think i am...
Miss coleman enjoys me moving my eye.
I still like Weiland, I think he could be a nice SP. Appel will probably start at Lexington.
How is fall in Chicago?
I WISH i could be a status, so you could LIKE me .
great to meet you Sharkey!
Strangers from money is hilarious
If my babies birthday wasn't in 3 days I would swear it was spring...good morning and enjoy
Thirsty ass people i tell you
Been busy all day.. Now I'm relaxing & having a good night!! Faded out my brain, kickin it with NC natives lol holla at me yo
you should be smokin right now
Can you send me a quote on why you did this for an article later today? Maybe another on which was your favorite piano?
It should be a great Baltimore Weekend!
It's HOT
thanks for including the article ! appreciates the love :)
For every 1 lurker that u know about there's about 10 that u don't know about.
you sports fans be killing me .
thank you for including us in your piece!
<U+200E>"Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined." -Henry David Thoreau
Follow My Friend
“: "Christ beside me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ within me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me." - St. Patrick”
- voting goes until 8pm tonight.
I just saw an elvis in mississippi
Super Bowl party? What's up?
NBA championships as season ticketholders do..
Damn... those invisible Dogs again!
hi jeremy.
Today was nicely done. Thank you and sleep well.
#RandomThoughtOfTheDay At what point does a friendship that seems so toxic and vindictive that it needs ending?
: my point exactly !
Help Mad Co Fire Rescue house & the Paramount. Sat 9-26 Live auction & food at 1 pm Town Ctr Prk across from the Theatre KYX Band @ 5:30pm
You think that's bad, you should see my shoes. My feet won.
Welcome to paradaise
Holy shit am I glad I didn't watch the game tonight.
oh yeah cedar point is awesome u should try out kings island about 20 mins outside of cincy
Thanks for the RT!
back to this work foreal though
jeez since you aren't the celebrated writer of a free blog with 7 readers I don't know if we can be together anymore...
there is truth to what you speak.
cool, what is it, if i may ask? (:
Blue Ivy, Beyonce? Really?
Gallerist’s Week in Pictures
I Love
Attn UK Students -- Student United Way Dodgeball tonight in the Seaton Center at 7pm!! $5 per person
Don't forget our awesome Music of the Civil War program begins at 2pm! There's still time to make it!
That's so funny I forgot to laugh. *ha*
I hate the fact that i've had an immense amount of stress & anxiety attacks this entire week. I just want it to be prom
but its my boyfrannnn
Super huge thanks to & for one of the most spirited #BeerDiplomacy shows in a while. Will post soon!
I feel like shit when you ignore me...
Woah i was just thinking about when Austin Mahone got his braces off& i guess he's getting them off tmrw! But, he's really hot with em'.(:
oh nice! too bad we didn't run into you guys.
help ma lord im so scared and im 11 ah
haha! Ur a hard worker! Ppl appreciate what u do.
About to tackle it again but feeling better, My endurance is building. Great activity today regarding the book deal.
might sound better if you think of it as deep second base.
Thank you!! Awesome!
“: Money can't buy happiness. However, it's slightly more comfortable crying in a Porsche than a Kia.”
“: 80% of all missed shots are missed short. Must be tough enough to get the ball up. Back half misses.”
Working on videos from this weekend :)
I'm sorry but we can't be friends anymore...
ill text you soon babe!
right now chatting with people and watching tv...
You just do you
I'll doublecheck on the name, it was done by a local artist, but I have to check the spelling.
curse the Giants just like you have cursed the Suns please
RT : - Headed to our show at House of Blues.. Hope to see you there! We play at 11pm!
at 3pm, ABC news will air part of Obama's Evolution. At 3:30, we will probably see Romney mired in Intelligent Design.
not yet! There were hundreds of entries. We'll keep ya posted.
Good day in Boston. Feel business opening up.
US net petroleum products exporter for first time in 62 years! Great news in today's US conservation & innovation key to independence
i love you Kenzie you are always there for me you got my back always and forever
la Sarah drop it!! #shutuplatisha!!
"This is how we do it!"
Sometime in early 2008, before he dropped out of the primary.
lol u still at grandma house
Excited to see this
I hope feels better by friday :/
Volume up & you're at the third ring of Saturn in no time. :)
Olly Perez about to face Manny. Gotta love spring training.
#Books, #Sci-Fi , #Space, #SpiritLance , #Sam , #Stump , #Tank , #Julie , #NativeAmericanIndian.All point to my book series.
Just searched and found it!!! Thanks for the tip!
going to Bdubs. i take my wings very seriousely!
Anger is a condition in which the tongue works faster than thought, and action more quickly than conscience.
no prob, they'll be plenty others :)
Today is my Uncle Percy's 96th birthday.
:hello world gd mrning.......best night every in history.....i did it.....wow, but knw i hav to go to wrk........(its ok)
No complaints here. I think ur the sh**! Keep doing what ur what ur doing~>Big Fan
my brother is a comic book artist. We're excited for that also. The trailer was awesome!
sorry nothing personal, its just a rule i have, sorry
You will just have to join us for the next soirée !
Love it when my phone lies to me and tells me its cold...too bad its not! Wish I had shorts...
After 16 months of business, Pierced Zebra Jewelry has hired its first employee! Welcome to the craziness, Krystal!
Okay I hope to update quite a bit more. I have moved up in stakes and am now playing .25/.50 table stakes on Full Tilt.
Last night was fun as hell.
that's great! I would like to go and work in Asian cities as well!<U+304A><U+4E92><U+3044><U+306B> <U+304C><U+3093><U+3070><U+308A><U+307E><U+3057><U+3087><U+3046>!
I bet! And the stress probably won't stop until I make my first meal in my new place.
I think we can figure that out on Thursday when we mee up
“: #PacersWin - With three starters resting, everyone else stepped up as the Pacers defeat the Pistons 103-97 tonight.” #GoPacers!!
If you haven't done something fun today, keep trying.
Shower time<U+E13F> !!! Hey I finally got a Facebook <U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057><U+E057>
The only thing to make that beach scene perfect.... a few of my cats sharing the hammoch with me.
Hi Antoine!
"Spice and Wolf" Love it! And I've eaten so many apples..
What's good Big Homie! It's been a long time... I see you still doing it BIG!
when will the House stop passing for-show-only legislation and Senate R's stop filibustering and do some work?
#Knicks are staying close but we have to take this lead! We have to come out strong! Lets steal this!
He wants to start the entire process all over again. Wants staff to talk to communities. They kinda already did that.
What if in 6 #coaching sessions u found your ideal self & had 2 or 3 significant life epiphanies? Email
Washington Sports Club??
haha listening to the new new CD funny that my 2 year old nephew sing most of Till The Word Ends LMFAO !!!
I hope things get cleared up.
Hope everyone is having a better week then I am
okay is it just us 3?
Is it so hard to smile at a cashier?
I don't like Getting Blamed for something I didn't Do
Hem your blessings with thankfulness so they don't unravel. Author Unknown
Lol!!! Yes! RT : thick girls like to dry hump
On Sat., Afghan officials confirmed, the U.S. paid families $50K for each member killed & $11K who were wounded by Staff Sgt. Robert Bales.
"I got a rubber in my pocket and I'm Talking like this" lol "Face Down"
how many cuzins u got in the nfl now?
Enjoying this beautiful day by reading plays and memorizing monologues by the lake:)
Seeing the mom in her grief like that broke everybody's heart. People in the crowd were crying.
LMFAO the way i just came at him >>> xD
i am going to die. Lol
Sitting in library thinking.... there are so many books I need to read!
Thanks Jenny for informing us.. Nice name :)
A morsel of genuine history is a thing so rare as to be always valuable. ~Thomas Jefferson
Going high waisted jeans shopping so I can makee some shorts!(:
I highly appreciate a tightly written, yet still entertaining, email.
I have nothing to say to you twitter.
Baby im single.. N no thanks,,, i got no feelings to feel love...
I got so many words in my head. Imma kick words till words are dead.
From the WTF files, Republican Pres Candidate #RickPerry says "Every life is worth living, regardless of the circumstance."
next weekend #itson #itson get the patron and tell em that its on
Oh: he has a sack of something! Lol
Words of wine wisdom: "Wine makes a symphony of a good meal." ~ Fernande Garvin, The Art of French Cooking
Just now heard the news about #juniorseau - that sucks, man. Ol boy was my hero back in the day. Another genius madman down.
Thanks Meghan. Maybe we will get to have you at a future event! Safe travels.
sweet! Just let us know when!
only because el duque & satchel were never clean about their ages :)
people don't get rich by buying irons
I love when my cat gets all cuts and cuddly at night. Only happens when it gets closer to June. (:
It IS a war when girls & women are dying, because of your policies.
Oh no. Thanks for the warning!
no you are!!!
:-( I'm in Texas. Did u take Maci? I wanted 2 B there 4 ur keynote. : Looking for you! Are you here?
another hot one!
I'm going to make a ringtone of a phone vibrating. That'll freak you out.
To his dog, every man is Napoleon; hence the constant popularity of dogs. ~Aldous Huxley
Great week this week.. Looking forward to another great week this coming week yep...God just showed me something great.. It's time..Leh Go!!
Woo-hoo, so this is how it feels like turning the big 20! haha keeping it young with
Attending opening of E.O. Wilson Biophilia Center at Nokuse Plantation in Freeport, FL on Saturday
Love it Becca!!
The Reverend Horton Heat. Need I say More?
You're doing fine.. Ohh Great. Lol
M, steak. would be jealous.
it's okay, I was only able to take care of her for 9 months before I moved to CT. Steven said she looked peaceful :)
thanks for the confirmation! Happy Friday and Cinco de Mayo to you!
WAIT WHAT ABOUT OUR OTHER MARRIAGE PARTNERS
STUCK IN LOT AT ORD. STAFF INFECTED. CANT TWEET. BE RDY. IF I DONT TWEET IN NXT HR, UR PROBABLY ALREADY DEAD.
Oh, hopefully soon. For me, I'll just make a pinterest board of the things I shouldn't eat b/c I'd like 2 fit into my clothes.
Interesting ad via talking about how they create solutions to help #glutenfree bread not taste gluten free
In Germany, first names are not used by strangers, a more formal address will set customers at ease.
I dont think I have anything planned. That sounds good!
just think positive and not the negative! Y'all love each other and that's all that matters(:
LOVE Esthero. She's amazing.
Great news!
YES!!! I'm watching a marathon. It's awesome.
It's D! The answer is D!
Tokyo Sauna up next, playing acoustic at Panera for OTC's winter clothing drive. Hungry yet?
Thanks i think nkotbs first then glee
I love the common early february sight of geese flying.. somewhere for the.. whatever season it is right now.
Now that NCAA is over... bring on The Masters ... love this week and it will live on my DVR for the year!
Is it totally lame that this made me blush? RT : oh..and you look very beautiful today. ;)
Two weeks till i see my brother again :)
LeBron won the MVP? Not surprising. I wonder how many votes KD got.
He is so cute.
some directioners are so mean! theyre complaining about how young ppl can love 1D without understanding their jokes and stuff
rock climbing with my cousins :)
Had to walk away from my desk today when three really uninformed women behind me were talking politics. My goodness, the cluelessness !!!
but that's... How can.. Nevermind.
“: love what the #royals have done so far. #sanchez, #broxton, #chen”
Good luck! Hope they cast you.
Fiesta Was Fun. Wouldve Beem Better If Was There With Me
gettin paid stacks just for goin to college and making good grades <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
ill juat try my best though (:
Yes, I'm ashamed.
you should follow , he's super hot!!
“The secret of business is to know something that nobody else knows
quaint little taints! Oh no. Too much? Forgive me.
trying so hard to get motivated to clean my house...
Cant believe i sold my vinyl of aoroplane over the sea... Jeff mangum was amazing tonight. Even brought out the horns
Live well,laugh often, and love much!!
Not enjoying the Celtics-Kings game, but damn, gotta love them playing "Jam On It" by Newcleus at Powerbalance Pavilion!
There are many evils in this world, but few are as frightening as the Solo 'Stache. Trust not a mustache with no accompanying facial fair.
I'll give you a heads up next time. RT : Wow didn't see that one coming. Back to getting over you.
House Speaker Zellers said that tone of Governor's veto letter does not make Republican leaders feel that they're not respected.
Very happy to read of the arrival of la petite Sarkozy, Giulia--may she have a long and happy life!
hey B I love you!!! I watched both parts and you did very well when is the Masterpiece comin out? May 8th or 22nd?
thanks I will try that
Nothing better than Eine, my dog McKinley and mad men on a Sunday night!
oh you are hilarious! Haha #fakelaugh ha
We da best
left a beautifully haunting impression on me, and I'm going to use the inspiration to nurture my Voice.
Sweet! Thanks ;) ": Congrats to This week's winner of Lernerville Pickem! #TooktheBoysToSchool"
This season marks the end of ’s 3-time Defensive Player of the Year streak with Tyson Chandler’s recognition
thanks for the follow and support Ernest keep loving food and check out
Hey! Come check out the The world premiere of Enemy of the Mind 7pm at the AMC 30 Dunvale in Houston. Stars in attendance!
I hesitate to say this year can't get any worse for BU... but yikes. It just gets worse and worse, for all kinds of reasons.
we used to have a kitty who wld catch stray flies in her 2 paws & eat while still buzzing!
Q9 Most memorable random act of kindness you’ve experienced away from home?
thanks Coach!
Excuse me,you're extremely annoying...
What do you mean? He didn't win? What? LOL!
Thanks to everyone that played in the Warhammer tournament the past weekend! Nate Culver won with his Warriors of Chaos army! Pics shortly!
sorry that was supposed to be "No Problem!" not "?" I was typing on my ipad all day yesterday and forgot the ! is a diff location.
Wal-Mart: large employers need to come together with non-profits and simply do the right thing.
forever waiting for to release
Left #saa11 Friday, flight to NYC cancelled, flew to Rochester, 10 hour drive to NYC. Not stranded, happy, and home!
That is good to hear!
fasho! You did a wonderful job.
im watching "Eye of the Beholder" for the millionth time. SO PAINFULLY GOOD!!!!!
YES, but in France it will be la jupe-athon, la jupe-athon en le rouge tapis (I think).
#FollowFriday & just cuz I like him & it's fun==> #ThankYou (via )
...follow me so I can DM more details. Congrats on winning! Thank you #indy social community and #social46 for all your help!
's NEW SINGLE ON REPLAY!!!<3
Birthday today!
atmosphere and the history of the cafe as a meeting place, a social kingdom and to think.
Back to school CANIVAL Erie and Castor $10 all u can ride open today until sun 18th FOOD RIDES and GAMES. for more infor. 267-322-8114
Psalm 119:74 May those who fear you rejoice when they see me, for I have put my hope in your word.
have you ate some at johnnys shrimp boat?? lol
Delores, insatiably greedy of recognition
Today is the seniors last day.
exactly clu3 where u at
UFO sighting in Epsom on Saturday.
I know everything<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
We went through rough patches, especially around years 6-11. I definitely had to learn a few things.
I have to work Easter
clear hierarchy, but a team with limited picks in upcoming years, spending higher pick on backup QB won't help Shanny
RT : RT If you want 2 work "on" your biz instead of "in" it, U have to have the right ppl in place. They...
Pretty much like the John Dick aid stations. Though, as always, if there's something you NEED, I suggest you bring it.
On our way to #Vegas for gonna have a blast
looking forward to your tweets!!!
Christmas break....... Thank god.
The kept Norv Turner then dealt Vincent Jackson and Mike Tolbert. Better have some big draft plans, AJ.
lol no worries bro! :D you need some rest!
RIP #MCA. Loved your music. Peace. .
stomach flu? what a wimpass. If only he was samoan, they woulda won
would rather be at the beach again today then working on my math assignments :/
"Man is a complex being; he makes the deserts bloom and lakes die."
Errors, like straws, upon the surface flow; he who would search for pearls must dive below- John Dryden That's deep:)
I'm loving life. And i adore the people in it
I will never go against my morals & degrade myself to "fit in". I have a mind of my own. I don't need you to tell me what is right & wrong.
Dan just gave Loshe the kiss of death on the no-no
Happy birthday, !
What's with the winter jackets people?!? Its not winter. Man up!!
Sure! Big things happenin!
I'm 's number 2 fan.
that's good!(:
The universe thanks you.
Heading into the top of the 5th, score remains Virginia 4 NC State 1
Watching E.T. On HBO On Demand. Haven't seen it since I was a kid...wonder if I'll cry this time!
Watching Scandal with Viggle Thu | 21:01 | ABC Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Bob Saget has pretty much the best Twitter bio ever.
Stop by for FREE tours at 2pm and 4pm--we may even have patio furniture out on our deck!
Wake me up in 25 minutes. Then punch me.
Well I have the next 2 days off.
I have no idea brando!!
AH Miss you too!
Wait until you see my bronze snakes-coming soon. You'll luv~ RT : Your snakes pin board totally creeps me out.
o...can we have steak or barbaque chicken?? plz? :)
All I hope is that aint nun of my rounds get merked lastnight r.i.p
let's have a slumber party and play light as a feather stiff as a boner.
Thank you! Hope you are enjoying this beautiful day!
really by the way love your work and it inspired me to write a book
Not feeling good sure isn't fun!
Oh hi, I'm on my laptop. It's not showing me smiley faces. It's showing me rectangles with letters and numbers inside, lol.
Mixtape Is In Need Of A Hot D.j And Also Art Work...Oh And Also Need Photo Shoots Please Retweet!!!
Got a case of the Wednesdays? Then maybe our lunch comfort food buffet will...comfort you. Featuring London Broil & Baked Ham. Just $8.95!
its fine:p
so call me maybe :)...........yeah maybe :) hihhihihhh never say never
TONIGHT Brahms 1 in the A/C at Ballard High School. Stay for ice cream afterward. A great way to beat the heat! $10 tickets at the door.
I'm kinda doing that. When the last kid is out I'll be 45. I'm selling all my shit, buying a boat and going off the grid.
Mother fucking pineapple !!!!
Nice -- good luck!
Watching the BEST movie ever made: WHITE CHRISTMAS! -- on all day long on AMC-- yay
Observation: The lower the average daily temperature of a country, the higher the rate of depression and alcoholism among its people.
Significant thunder-lightning storm happening now in mdlsex.county. If it were snow, we'd have a lot!!
My Head Starting To Hurt Again :/
AT&T fail.
I should add "aspiring" to my bio, it makes it that much better.
Just had to put an entry for "Sleep" in my iCal... it's gonna be a long week.
Gotta stop reliving the past , & continue thru the present & future.
Making some new things happen...... Reinventing the way we turn the innovative wheel in the music industry....
RT : #IWasThereWhen David Archuleta played his first sold out Ohio show!
The real leader has no need to lead--he is content to point the way.~Henry Miller
That would be really, really cool!
Heating up #gamedaychow. Please let me enjoy Championship Sunday free from
awesome profile pic. You look so stoked.
Dude, is that a BLACK puppy???
Piers Morgan is special. He is the only person alive that could make me miss Larry King
I talk to the chick at my dispensary about my lovelife.
Freddie Freeman in Albert Pujols out...fanstasy tears flow!!
Followed u :))
Dotted or double underline, with some sort of visual icon or delayed overlay on hover, seems to be the norm.
GREAT work by getting thru a little jam there in the 8th through the heart of the Marlins lineup
I downloaded So you should see my tweets now. Also, if I got the Nexsus S now it would be $400. So waiting till Jan.
So glad we could provide you with a spark yesterday!! Thanks for stopping in and enjoy the rest of your weekend.
OMG! Hey hey hey. How r u?
Wow miley cyrus is such a bad influence..holy crap
Horror movie wisdom: If you take out a wall in your old house and find an unexpected, sealed door, never open that door whatsoever.
stop going to Vegas and come to Nashville chica!
And tell your brother he's quite the artist!
current weight goal weight
First off, I would call the cops on Tammy dumb ass. Let her get locked up for trying to be a 40 year old bully. This ain't 5th grade
Reason's for not watching the VMA's: I don't watch TV, I have no cable TV. The later is the result of the first.
Heading home from Asking Alexandria's, "Still Reckless Tour" concert! Ben waved/smiled at me, I met MIW and now I can die happy. :'D
Where are my balloons??!!
why are you tweeting from disney world about tay swift...?
Sounds awesome can I get the details????
for their liquor license, which entitles them to stay open until 2am. Town is trying to collect extra on top of that.
Off to Naples! Get like me.
yes thats right just like you mrs. right : )
Do me Tom Brady
Ohh well that is good to know!! =) hope everything is going good girl!!
I shouldn't think so.
when & Where ?
Coffee is honestly the best part of my day.
I will never get tired of pretending a banana is a phone.
The Cowboys' No. 3 ranking in this week's AP poll matches the highest mark in school history. The Pokes were also No. 3 in 1984
when? I want to make sure my hair is done ;)
Making a road trip playlist & we need song ideas. Go!
Cooking channel has innovative shows for fun and easy meals. TWEET ME THEIR RECIPES Rachel Ray
It will be another exciting day at the corporate offices of ZirMed. It is fun to work with innovative and creative people.come join our team
Word RT: in LA u kno wat ppl do 4 a livin as soon as u meet 'em. in NY u kno ppl ur whole life & have absolutely no idea what they do
Nice little session on
I love my mom.. She helps me get through a lot.
For you Law & Order fans out there, the episode I did earlier this year airs tonight I play a limo driver holding a sign @ the airport.
RT AN FOLLOW BACK? 9 minutes till new video!!
RT : What If Cheif Keef Get On A Track Wit Wayne Doe...???
send mi goons where that fuck nigga sleep
Just spent the week visiting #ZirMed customers in Dallas. What a joy to get to meet end users and see how they use the ZirMed product suite
hit the Atlantic and go east!!
starting the day with Big Data in Healthcare and Life Sciences
Wow! has a packed #12ntc session on visual data with 300 people in the room. We're not surprise but we're very impressed!
The way to a man's heart is food
Congrats on your new baby boy!
#ObamaBedtimeStories And there are no Americans going to bed hungry, with a roof over their heads and Universal Heathcare for all.
Matty monk must get an expensive ass uninsured surgery. Come show your support Columbus on September 30th at scarlet & grey cafe benefit.
My twitter app fuckin up & I'm getting irked
OMFGG!!my mom asked me if I want new converse I didn't even ask her she read my mine!OMfG I love u!!#imaspoliedbitch ^_^<U+E022><U+E328><U+E327>cnt wait till 2mm
I've just looked at your website for the first time. Glad to see the Afrikaans. I read it much more easily than I read Dutch.
the dang sunspot got lost behind the curtains. screwing up scraps. luckily there is another sunspot on the other side of the room. saved!
"Oh sweet, Coldplay" - too many people
are you a freshman!?
yea how u no
my mom is a twihard though... -_- And yeah NY is amazing :D I ran into Tyler brunsman on my way home from school!
I thought I would tweet more with an iPhone
looking at it that way changes thought process dramatically. I'm picking team that has best shot, at least on paper.
What I would do to be at the #MetGala right now! One prestigious event.
follow me back please
Man I can't believe its one in the morning
Im influenced by the same hood u ruined.
iits the Mrs.
Aha. I hate school.
lol DE isn't too bad
So-called comedian Garret Sniper telling racist jokes at Scarlet and Grey... What year is it?
I don't think Gene would have had his foot in his mouth the way Bobby V. has.
Thanks for the mention!
I have no idea either...
It's hard to fall in love with someone you can't keep.
I'm in love with
heyhey heyy! Please tell Ryan i love him with all of my heart and wish he could follow me? <3
What in Sam Hill is going on here?
Must live one dayy at a time!
I wish I was Gunita's friend... She's next to me... She's so cool
Welcome to The Restorer's twitter feed, look forward to sharing warbird and vintage restoration stories, aviation news and our adventures!
When he is seventy he still wants to reform the world, but he know he can't
At least parts of the world recognize the slippery slope query letter can present!
We look forward to seeing you this fall! RT : It's offical!
have u seen that video on the Internet of the girl talking shit on her parents and her dad shoots her laptop
Americans eat a half billion twinkies a year.
Yeah, is killin' it at right now with a Bob Dylan cover of Don't Think Twice, It's Alright.
The only way to enjoy Two-Hearted on the West Coast? Sneaky girlfriends' mothers. Officially the in-law ale.
I used to complain how there are no busto threads on 2+2 anymore, but the Marketplace+Black Friday has caused a nice resurgence of thieves.
Wells-FArgo is a joke. C is a much better bank.
Thank's to all the newest people who have "liked" us! Every like means the world to us!
If you have my # text me. Got a new phone...
Im So Ready To Get These Tattoos In About 3 More Weeks!
haha i know that was gross. Every time i eat it i think of you & that night!
Just followed you(:
I thought the NYTimes was pulling a fast one with its crossword today, but it settled down into a pretty tame puzzle.
Yeah I'm doing this paper during school tomorrow, NO way I'm getting it done tonight
S/O to all our recent followers. Thank you thank you thank you.
Im a real big fan of yours but im the joke to you but it wasnt a joke when you kissed me in your room and replied i love you too
When i die i want my last words to be "i left a million dollars under the..."
In other news the wedding was great. The fourth wedding in this family in about 18 months!
It's not fair at all.
Today's a horrible day to be a NY sports fan
videos sometime in next couple weeks cc
Day=Made (:
Actually, I think they're just Darkstar fans... either way, threat to the public, definitely.
Sweet song of Summer! Took me 4ever to realize To Whom It May Concern was not a live album- got it & Love it
#epicdanceparty - saw and do the harlem shake. AWESOME. hahahaha.
If paedos looked liked paedos, they'd never do any paedoing.
The most beautiful clothes that can dress a woman are the arms of the man she loves. ~Yves Saint-Laurent
Ms Matthews... what's been going on? Miss j school but u prepared for the biz. Ur so good u made Reade employable.
yea it is.. Thanks drake! Ha
rookie of the year has to go to Randall cobb. For a rookie to fit into into the packers offense like a glove is rare...cont
niggas be payin child support like some dummies... nigga u rich just dip out the country
“: That's a major tension: #NWP s collaborative heart situated in a competitive world. #nwpam11” that's exactly it.
you should make more videos with your friends, I think their names were...Sam and... I dont know the other one.Can u follow me?
RT : smith teas in texas - woo! Double that.
My Peoples - Does anyone have a midi keyboard they would recommend? For use with Ableton, Garageband, Sibelius...Many Thanks!
You have no idea!
True. I don't want to be a shusher, but I want the option of quiet space!
LOL, will do. We should talk sometime, you'll see how right you are. Have a great night!
You champions ready for tomorrow?
That's EXACTLY the crossroad I'm facing right now!
OMG I DIDN'T EVEN KNOW YOU WERE MAKING THEM OMG OMG SO CUTE
-- Probably a win-win ...
just submitted a summer course proposal on communication and porn. probably won't get accepted b/c porn is not a respected field of study
Rise and shine..
Hey don't hurt your arm patting yourself on the back.
Happy Mother's Day!! Luv you
its friday, friday! gotta get down on friday.
I love Delta, too!
was sitting in gum this whole time. Rofl.
"Failure is success if we learn from it."
lol we poppin bottles. U crazy!
It's our three-year Twitterversarry this week! Thanks to everyone for following along!
Hey lady have you seen the new teaser trailer 4 #HearMeWhisper We just put it together & ur name is on it! Big things coming!
oh, I think we are *well* past that point my good man…at least by most concrete measures, if not in abstract terms--wisdom etc
Well today's lax practice was so productive...
At Tower City to see my brother in #missedconnections - International Film Festival
Big things happening with the #RealChangeProject today! Very excited to make some Miami school children very happy! Stay tuned!
this would be a great time for to test out his new shotgun
Car Wash Then going to the gym for a bit its so nice out today
Thats cool! I bet it's gorgeous:)
Indeed...next to nothing. How do you not call the police on a grow man raping a ten year old?
Many thanks to for the include on your "In-Milwaukee" list! We're in great company!
so on that note...Goodnight tweeps #GoLakers!!!
should be reading 15th c religious texts, but can't stop thinking about the upcoming summer in Siena, Italy. It's tough being a medievalist
I love this guy named he has no idea that I exist! Someday he will notice me and make my day! #FollowMeAustin ;)
Ellen Gray: Here's some talking points for the Thanksgiving dinner table THERE ARE families, I've heard, who frown upon discussions of re
: hopefully tomorrow will be a bit better
Tracy Chapman.
Charles what now?
you've never even been to one of our shows..
Looking forward to a great SEC Basketball Championship game. #kubball vs. #vandy will be ELECTRIC!
Happy birthday Mahatma ( great) Marianne!
How's it going in the third ward, today?
basically by Clark and Dickens .. Where are you at? Let's meet up soon
If I didn't look silly at least twice a day, I wouldn't be me.
Fixed my PX21's with a soldering iron. SO glad to have them working again.
i know i did too
Gym flow
The spanish broads love me like im aventura!
So true! We were never confident today, theyll never play that well again, we'll bounce back
will you please follow me please please please :) you noticed my friend now will you notice me?
's "Back to Black" from start to finish takes u to so many places lol
And then sometimes the littlest things can turn your day around 180 degrees. :-)
Slow down and enjoy life. It's not only the scenery you miss by going too fast - you also miss the sense of where you are going and why.EC
The affirmative vote has been given to the newly elected 2012-13 Board of Directors!!
Happy Sunday LV! Braves rock!
Ouch. All of is down.
I sent the email. Thanks.
ha ha. Watch out - I mean it and I have connections!
Who will be our 5,000 "like"? Stay tuned!
I JUST DON'T WANT TO BE LONELY. IT'S THAT OR A MOVIE DATE BY MYSELF.
Having a winning performance in competition is not the same thing as #winning a competition. Having a winning performance is the best focus!
I see sparks fly whenever you smile :)
I miss so much! Soo lonely without you!
I just want to puke everywhere.
As you watch tonight's speech on #Afghanistan, use #JulyDrawdown as your hashtag & let know you want ALL troops brought home!
": It's been real Temple! Just got my papers.. <U+270C><U+270C>" you entering the draft?
Selected Play # 2 for the night of Comedy. Production meeting with directors next week.
Crossing borders.
ahaha trying!!! we are busting our asses!
ryan budget = robin hood in reverse
karma takes forever tho (:
Happy Friday everyone!
thanks! It's over, let's drink :)
Question: Is Creativity logical? Your thoughts...
I want to make a lemon pie for the shirtless guy across the street just so I can see what face he makes.
Well, #18 actually, but who's counting really?
it was already created, you know who im talking about.
I think I've discovered the secret of life - you just hang around until you get used to it. - Charles Schulz
haha, twitter hazing you
AH. PORN LINK.
def a great fighter. “: Question: Is BJ a great fighter or a fighter with some great moments? #UFC137”
Come on put your name on it
usually delivers in big games, top striker.
We'll be in Palm Springs this weekend working with Micheal Costello of & for Michael's Look Book!
Truly, astounding!
when you request #wmata docs, are you making "requests" or FOIA claims? The later might be more appropriate at this point...
Stay tune tweets - Giving away Coyotes/Kings Game 1 tickets via twitter. Details to follow...
That would be love. The car is three weeks old now anyway.
awwh :' D I'm so glad we're friends. <333 c :
Great evening in Islington, Turkish followed by frozen yoghurt and pastries from Euphorium Bakery for Sunday morning!
:) lol, we have 5 locations in AZ. Do you remember the street? We'd love to pass your compliment along. Thx!
no biggie, going to lunch now... Antrel rolle and shon Greene will be at models soon
Sometimes I miss the ones who I used to talk to. But then I remember there's a reason why they are out of my life.
Hey Demi - sending positive vibes to you regarding Haiti. Let us know if you hear anything.
Don't buy generic Q-tips! If you're gonna shove a stick in your ear, then you're gonna want a little cotton on the end of it.
b PENGUIN
I saw a women getting shot by a gun, instead of walkin away, I ran over there, got scared and ran away! I hate my life
What do Alpine, San Bernardino, Imperial, San Joaquin, Glenn & Kings counties havein common w San Diego County culturally? alturl.com/n4b6d
Marathon Florida
its to early for that !
you shud dude!!! just lie and say u live around the block!! lol nd me u nd rach needa get together(:
RT Gov. #Jindal has signed his teacher tenure revamp and his voucher/charter expansion bill into law
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Art is war.
If I tell you of the Self, and you listen, its a moot point who is the greater fool.
Trolololo xD Don't cry. Big boys don't cry.
Food Trucks are here for the #TedxYouth event in the Little Haiti Cultural Ctr. !! First we eat, then we present our amazing youth!
I've never met your mom! You look just like her!!!! Wow.
Looking up from mowing with headphones on to see three cops standing 15ft away in your backyard...Heart attack.
it says BOSOX
thought about that, but kids like to use it as a wallet....might be in bad form.
Don't forget to vote today!
: hide your hunterbase too!
Hi Jarrett! My husband, a driving instructor, applauds your effort. Keep up the great work Uncle! ;-)
after a long day of bus ride I had dinner,browsed at a CVS in Clarindon & now I'm at this club in DC!
not tonight I might be down to go hookah tonight but I've hella shit to do plus dinner with the family! Tomorrow yay
It totally smells like someone is cooking vajayjay in the break room.
Take a break from work and come in and indulge in our baked cod tacos!
yea long time no heat princess
He don't like me
We just made it to 3000 followers on Twitter! Thanks everyone!
I love twitter
oh dang I didn't even notice!(: lol
I am the founder of Halo, Purely for Pets but want you to know that for optimal health, you should be cooking now. www.wholepetdiet.com
Aw, thank you so much. :) is that u in your icon?
Hm...I wonder whats on the menu for today?
I just did a huge rail of and drank five shots of tiger's blood. Headed to Bar Marmont feeling like a warlock. Wanna party?
what do you mean "these people?" lol.
B/c I don't know how to suck ": you'll never know what it's like being me."
Great day on Lake St. Clair. Driving home in a soggy bathing suit
That's talent!
Tweeting away but I could not let another one go without props to my new pastor and church #klfc u were born for this time!
please follow me i would be so happy :D
is that a quote froma movie? I think that was in die hard right?
Excited about the charity event this Friday, "My Furry Valentine" benefiting the Kentucky Humane Society!
MT : Congrats and for leading two amazing studies. Papers accepted to Interaction Design for Children 2012
Gone jogging. Need to workout this party poison out of my system, all I had was a 1/4 cup of redbull with vodka, my body is not lovin it.
are u in LA yet?
theyr the same guys from the stairs.. they'll never change. . .
Hacked by Joshua
i say meeeeem O.o
Here comes the eagles jock machine, followed by more suck by the Bears.
Glad 2 hear it's cold in ny, cuz it's COLD in London and I'd hate to be missing out on Indian summer.
what was the outcome?
I thought it was momma? O.o (via Kyle last tweet)
Thanks for the RT bro!
Hm That is strange....sometimes people will meet someone and they talk them out of tweeting because they get jealous and such.
Yeah but Rose doesn't have to respect their wishes!
kind of figured as much...good girls finish last
understand-sounds like you are exactly where you need to be :) and thank you sweet Taryn-much appreciate your support <U+2665> Aoede <U+266A><U+266B>
"Waking up in Cairo Egypt... I love it!!!! Off to the museum today- will take lots of pics!!! <3" - Poor sap in data who said this on
forgot to mention for new years eve.
": word. Try the red is the new black IPA." Sounds dangerous but I'll do that next.
What I dream of is an art of balance.
It's Monday. The perfect time to ask, What are you going to do this weekend? Summer is running out friends! Make it count.
Created RFI, concerns about perpetual rights, what happens if your company is sold or goes out of business
god. old school smack u in the face jay diamond is surfacinv. i do like her but she gets me into trouble
Why are you being so lame twitter! You won't even load!
CRAZIEST RESULTS SHOW EVER!! augh that makes me so mad that jessica was in the bottom 3. come on america! you guys are so stupid.
I guess I should like and support Mac Miller because he's white but I dont
I'm happier than Michael Scott was when Toby left for Costa Rica today!
yeah, I think might be right, I should forget academia and sell Christmas crackers to the US!
Watching High School Musical 2 (: Ahh Good Times :D
whats up g -- #fifa12 still pissing you off haha... It is me
Okay, who turned down the outside thermostat?
Young love is a flame; very pretty, often very hot and fierce, but still only light and flickering. The love of the older and disciplined
That's awesome! I'm thinking of doing one myself. I have to get studying for the GMAT. Is UNC your 1st choice?
probably b/c music is harder to describe in a meaningful way & we are now used to sound clips.
damn that Ives Concord sonata is a beast isn't it?
You > anything else.
There's for situations just like this!
Lesson learned, being a math major: Let A,B <U+2282> {People} where talent(A) > talent(B) && hardwork(B) > hardwork(A) => Hiring peson B is better.
that tattoo is gonna be so killer
Gotta record 2marrow.No Sleep ALL WORK IN Diz Bi$H
Yes. I'll be managing registration in the morning, but I'm going to stick around to see your talk. :)
Phoenix is next on my list
Y'all need to be happy for people who finally date people after they've been torn apart not complain. No matter who they are.
I'm so bored here, I wanna go back :/
The freak meter is spiking on the streets of downtown PDX today.
Touch screen, app addiction, and Angry Bird elbow
I've held back as long as possible..but last night my 4 year old even commented on awful the chipmunk movie looks
I knew he was sick...too bad....and so goes another year in the music world :-(
im tryna get put on man, u know my grind hmu fam
what a great evening. people coming in off the street to ask what we do, who we serve, etc. plus the bookstore helps lure them in!
na he know better...
U of Miami down against Duke at the half , 13-10. Duke is a good team with Thaddeus Lewis (Hialeah Miami Lakes) at QB.
It's always the ugly couples that are all over each other. Ew
Be amenable to the present situation so you can see the beauty that surrounds us and let it take you to your Highest Self
James&#39; Site - Simply One Call Brings the Air Ambulance
is this in websites?
heyy! do you want us to pick you up and go do something? :) i'm not sure what, but we could figure it out :)
Uh no. I don't hand out "gas $" to randos in the city who run out of gas and somehow have no cash, CC or phone on them.
I love her she is awesommmeeeee
And we say goodbye to Phillip. Good Luck to and the rest of the boys.
Really... C'mon already.. Not cool
Thank you for the plug..Looks Great!
RT : I miss being a kid. No one cared how you dressed, we were all friends, and you could be yourself.
a big fuck you and your drama(:
why not make lying illegal? Or adultery illegal? Why not make every sin illegal? You know why? Because God expects us to sin.
Friends please follow welcome to twitter
A couple of days left of fundraising at #TJMaxx Orlando for #AutismAwareness pls stop by
chris paul cooking
oops. Or as i apparently like to say, oips
Beautiful day ... Just need to get over this cold. Still blessed beyond measure!
glad I'm not working!!
how I got to bed is the only thing I haven't figured out.
Stop the B.S.; those were temporary jobs for the Christmas season; not real, long term jobs that will be there in 6 months or 1 yr
Well I can't complain for the price I'm paying for rent. But I just got a full time stylist job at Sport Clips :)
That Panda looks to be in some trouble there lol
Retweet if you have watched every single one of Austin Mahone's YouTube covers. <3
not beer & cookies..beer & pizza!
Haha so worth the trek. Thanks for the hospitality! Will miss having you around.
and Groucho Marx had already peaked by the time You Bet Your Life aired. Harpo didn't peak, he honked.
Maximizing the Potential of the Pittsburgh Steelers&#39; 2012 Draft Class ...
Thanks David! I hope to see you soon enough, hopefully in January?
I need a real back massage. hot rocks & all that
Please follow.
good luck! You can do it
To all my engaged friends: should be your best friend!
Uh I can't whistle if I eat too many crackers
Only way the clots going to win is if they get that
your ass better
I'm sorry <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> you do it too!!
hi Heidi! Are you taking on any new clients? I'm an actress and writer :)
From in the courtroom: Joe Senser being called by prosecution. Amy waiving marital priviledge.
Um. Okay Hinske. I'll take your 2-run homer to win the game. Ain't no thang!
"Meet and Greet with Lobo’s Coach Alford at Buffalo Thunder" Hey man, it's at the Hilton pool area inside BT
make that one(: xx
oh yea, I got it...I never read it
ball don't lie but oh man, Foye steps out of bounds :(
and me right?
Ok man so what's it gonna take to get Kennedy Thal on a track with Jay??
Happy Mother's Day to a great mom who puts up with my ridiculousness and helped me find motivation to finish school! Love you!
#AMIA11 is slow. Come on guys I couldn't make it to Austin this year and I need my conference fix. #MCN2011 is putting you to shame :]
thanks for the RT, we think #AR in home is the new sampler
Yo Mama so fat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
OMG my girl new movie with Blair Underwood is gonna be really good. Can't wait to see it.
Thanks! We did-- was awesome about taking care of me in my injured state. :)
stay away from hoes
I use to feel like I had to do certain things to impress people .. but as I get older , ion have to impress nobody !
I love the rain.
#amwriting What is that on my photo prompt blog today? It's a... It's a... What *is* that? www.writeawayeveryday.blogspot.com
#SO to seeing people from your floor freshman year at the bars and them buying you shots
#FYI were the shit
Great. Glad to hear it. Sorry for the trouble!
“: May I Mistress? hehe Have a sexy day!”~ Be the one who takes my licks? Sure, saddle up! Ha..
Ugh Just Tired Of Everything & Everyone !
I still can't believe the Packers played the way they did. Are you a Packers fan?
We have to look at one more tomorrow. If we don't like it, we're making an offer on that one you saw. :)
Florida, maybe broken foot, dope gold chain, infinite jest, drank.
sup ya'll, bout to go to the sisters trunk or treat.......come...the more the marrier
Thongs&Bongs
Burning the past on 11:11
poor bulls
MSBL Holiday Classic Results in Playoffs: Boston Wolfpack defeats Birmingham Yankees, 7-3 to win title. Boston Braves & Cards both go 0-1.
What's your case of choice?
ROFL! @ screaming <3 have a great day my lovely! (:
sry had to pay attention to brutus and mia first they get jealous.
sounds cool. Do you have a date set? I would need to check with the guys.
Look for my daily #office quote today. Will you know it??
OH YEAH! I'M WAAALKIN' ON SUNSHINE! WOO-OH!
are the #seamayday people protesting the end of april or the prolonged wait until june?
Chris is piercing all day!
I was thinking about this the other day! #apple, it's clean and pretty
congrats bro!
Austin's favorite song is One Less Lonely Girl. (:
RT : RT : STOP trying to fit in - when you were born to stand out.
She is the world to me, she deserves the world from me.
Don't like the Strap the Fist is better....
Lynn just had me rolling, like for real!
no problem!
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.- Anais Nin
Was that about the laffing trombone? Years of practice
#FearTheBeard survives to grow at least one more day!
After diving 4ball &majorly falling twice- I don't think pickeball in the The Villages retirement community is my sport of choice!
nail.head.
wanna get a dog and name it lars ulrich, it might be funny.
Swear It's Hard To Get Sleep These Days Man...Niggas Irritate The Shit Outta Me
I know Capricorn men and women can get along with each other, but can 2 Capricorn women???
RT : Newt has mentioned: The Kaiser. Moon Colonies. Holograms. Electromagnetic Pulses. This speech rules.
nice to meet you!! We'll come closer next time. Stay in touch!!
Jennifer love hewitt can get it
really? Now I feel silly. We don't have tv so I watch it at my in laws and I looked up time online. Does it re-show at 10pm?
Thanks Chip
Enjoying Your UW Day with more than 400 newly admitted fall 2011 undergraduate students. Great job hosting On, Wisconsin!
RT : Hartford's review of ALL the ways copyright law doesn't relate to indy political orgs is so important.
Hi Alberto, are you looking to hire now? I rep a 2 year ruby dev in Philly looking for a new opportunity.
oh ok -_________-
Some say it wouldn't work, but I'm not buyin' it. Bring him here. Bynum's an injury waiting to happen.
GOP House can't even get it together enough to pass Highway bill. Risking jobs, infrastructure and messing up state development planning.
A little vitAmin d while I get my blood sugar back up! Love this weather!
Ahh, thanks so much for getting back to me. Our show is about to air so too late for today. Send me your contact details!
To everyone who is celebrating #ANZACDay, may your day be field with grand remembrance and
Tickets at the door will be $20 for Students & $25 for Non Students.
what! You didn't call Mike? Email me again
did I see you at 34th St Subway tonight?
"you can't turn a hoe in to a house wife" who says that ?
We are ready and taking reservations for St. Patty's Day! What are your plans?
If I had a nickel for every time I locked myself out of my office...
:-( Aw poor baby
RT : Keya graves or sole 2 sole<=just to serve you
yes, lots to say about haynes & fathers. like, poison! (which i still haven't seen, argh.) but i was thinking about [SAFE] & those
WOOT!!!": The Falcons have agreed to terms with No. 55, John Abraham."
thanks for the RT!
you tell them Eric! RT : WHO EVER SAID THAT IT IS MY BIRTHDAY TODAY IS FUCKING, AND THEY ARE A FUCKING IDIOT.
So glad #AGT is back on!
Jesus lives! He is risen!Remember to give HIM all the praise this Easter!Have a love filled day as you celebrate his resurrection everyone!
Follow Eminem, and chapter treasurer
come on #mubb!! #IBelieveThatWeWillWin help me keep believing!!
In sitcoms, always throw your clothes out of your dresser one by one when you want to find something in there.
Bring me smokes
This is getting out of hand. Good thing it is.
was there a hashtag for the talk?
PROMO CODE: givethanks50 to save 50% when you spend $600 on one service and givethanks30 to save 30% on any certificate....
Crest whitening strips in ma mouffff
Didn't know there was a sequel to The Rocky Horror Picture Show.
Bring up to #Sacramento!! Please :-)
RT - IN 1930 TRIS SPEAKER MANAGED AND PLAYED FOR THE CLEVELAND INDIANS CARRING THEM TO THEIR FIRST WORLD SERIES CHAMPIONSHIP
Do you want to know who you are? Don't ask. Act! Action will delineate and define you. Thomas Jefferson
Get out of shape during season, and in shape out of season.
You're not a true Chola anymore
Radical Fringe groups like the Tea Party should not dictate American policy
i have so many great twitter fans just wanna say thanks and best wishes to all of them! you guys rock for sure.
Swing by our Twitter Friday to win one FREE Mango Pineapple Smoothie! NO PURCH NECESSARY C Rules4Info bit.ly/kqy4oV
What a name for a pitcher, Outman
Praying for those in Japan.
#SongsYouHaveToDanceTo - Give me all your luvin'
Welcome in advance to Dallas! --Like the "pennies" handle btw!
Okay, fine. I'll start my math homework. I have a lot to catch up on lol .________.
hell yeah lol
The missus is running the Riverbank Run. Probably around until mid-day. Up for breakfast?
UP TO 500 FOLLOWERS & LOVING IT! THX TO .. KEEP SPREADING THE WORD.. MY GOAL 1K !!
thanks and for helping promote #ChoosePrivacyWeek!
see my retweets of husband of on site
Oh Lawd, Evelyn has found a hater, hood rat just like herself! She is trying out for a role on#basketballwives. E. Didn't u talk abt Royce?
": ain't heard from u!"u did forgot the ATL drop Shawty ;-(
That moment when I tell my iPods voice command to play what makes you beautiful and it plays music from high school musical. Wtf
Chelsea just doesn't get it lol....
Nearly, but no!
you are great thanks
#sdmayornp "u want to civilized city, arts & culture at core"
When I find a girl who's a workaholic entrepreneur then I'll be wholly impressed enough to get married and raise a dynasty of #startup kids
so is beer curing the sick yet?
#weallhavethatfriendwho is really awesome
RT : Think pyramid- Company at top, Manager, HR, then employees, connections to company and fill in the blanks<great>
Lost Dog Molly - $500 Reward Molly the Yorkshire Terrier is lost in Roanoke, TX.
Lets make a movie yea
your parents are going to be so tired of us by Sunday haha :)
Just left the Candyy House on 71st...Some of those people is lookin tackyy as hell....Have some class!!!.
actually they could just get a civil union, but at least it's legally equivalent
I'm confused cause when I was watching it his boxers were gray...
this app.
Also, just a fantastic overall kid. You guys are gonna LOVE him. RT : Couple notes abt Ewing: Big, strong, FANTASTIC receiver
It's crunk time tonight!! *excited* :-D
when I reach for the kelly green carabiner clip... its time to get ill...
Tommrrow im no thanking bout skool, sports, college, none of that shit its time <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+0093>
#BackInTheDayWhenIwasAKid we played with baby dolls.......... Not kids our ages babies.
Thanks to my new follower stay tuned for those hair specials and hair tips! Oh yeah follow for those unprofessional tweets
of course sir
hella advertising on #Google+ why????
Smile more than you cry, give more than you take, and love more than you hate.
Finished watchin Mayweather vs. Cotto fight in the IE. On my way to the studio to work.
Opening Night of Agatha Christie's "Witness for the Prosecution". Good luck to cast, crew & director Eddie Page
previous tweet is a link to our upcoming showcase in Bourbonnais, Illinois on March 18th
awww! Hi gorgeous :)
did u ever seperate the hair from your shit? LOL
Hi guys!!!! what's going on right now?
I think to "Blunch" might have a different meaning here in the PacNW than it does in Detroit... or at least I hope so.
Agreed, the Burj and panoramic shots of the desert were worth admission, the futuristic BMW was a nice bonus. #MI:GP
will you follow me back?
I can listen to A Tribe Called Quest all day!!
Easy to be upset w this or that, but gotta remember how our bench mob came thru all season long to help us get to the post season.
and the parade to the box begins. #havetheylearnednothing?
Follow us on Twitter
Wednesday so you can go get a cheesesteak from Pats.
My baby sister is funny aza bxtch, she rollin eva where, im pretty sure she gone hit d floor n 2.3 seconds and ima b weak af lls XD
WSJ: BofA To Cut 2000 Jobs Targeting High-earning Staff
Deviant Dale's is back !
Laying in bed at 9pm
The more I think I know, the less I'm convinced I know, but I do know that I will never know it all. ~ Lisa Morgan
New iNickelodeonShow episode TONIGHT at 8:30 PM on Nick called 'iCarly'! Don`t miss it!
#Freedom of #RELIGON! #Tolerance, not myopic thinking/
Be sure to keep your wounds clean, dry and dressings changed as frequently as 1 or 2 days for proper care.
i'll never be a morning person.. maybe one day--ehh probably not though.
Baseball starts in 2.5 hours! Who's your team ad how far will they go?
I'm here in SF. Direct message me here and maybe we can meet up
rt u gone have to catch my followers n da streets #aintNOTHINGchange but them #'$ && number don't lie
Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate Kate
Preparation is key!
I wish half of dhee m'f*s i follow wuld follow dhee f* bckk.!
is the volume of work why you re-followed me? if that was the case, i'd have increased your workload years ago
bull shat. Ill show you my phone. 0 calls from the von von!
its kinda weird to have the bassplayer of yr band in front. esp when he's not singing #whosthefrontmanreally?
Twitter spam is getting ridiculous.
making power calls; just contacted DC Go-Go promoter Butch Jackson
I was bad today :s
Don't be lazy
:( Stay safe. Also, let's see about getting the team together for an ark-building offsite.
Jordan Taylor could be close to irreplaceable....... Proud to be a Badger!
hahah my best friend @ MICA is from MN + i used to be in CA; nice to meet you. were you in boston before too?(used to live there)
I'm going to do an al nighter again till school starts in 5days ;D
The two most common elements in the universe are hydrogen and stupidity. But not in that order.
RT Did I really just buy the ratchet girl anthem on iTunes? Yes.. Yes I did.
I think the same thing at times
You deserve both after the bar. just sayin
Back to typing up interviews. A couple more hours of recordings to go.
hey it's in my faves not done yet haha but it's longer
....my finger hurts from loving all the instagram photos coming out of key west this weekend....
LOC call number of my favorite book. but then i would have to choose just one.
Got any analysis on Perry?
Guys who actually brag about cheating on their girl <
Looking for a cool spot 4 a corporate meeting or workshop? The balloon museum has fabulous views & is a great space @ an affordable price!
Sorry that I will not be at #NYLA11 but happy that is able to attend. Have a great conference & enjoy beautiful Saratoga!
Is that on the new Tillman memorial bridge?
Everyone should be lucky enough to have a friend like
Thanks for the RT guys
I can't wait until I turn 17 so my life can relate to Seventeen Forever by Metro Station. That is all.
lol I'm thinking we're totally gonna adjust the rules of True American to be more fun/retarded/lies
paws up!
I had to retweet that. Too funny! :)
It's interesting. I haven't decided how I feel about it as a biz owner. But it is interesting.
That's good! Some clients are more lenient that others, everyone should be prepared for either situation!
The Giants lost the '02 Series but redeemed themselves in 2010. The Raiders lost the Super Bowl in '02. Is this their redemption year too?
yea yea… make fun of the youngest one here…
in less than 24 hours I will be on a flight watching bravo.
it is so comfy!
Al Davis and Tupac are just chilling on the beach on some island far away right now.
thats the good thing about this era, we dont give a fuck what people think . if were not happy, divorce is always there. old people
Can't believe I made it through the whole night without tripping until the very end.
Don't call a girl "a flirt" when she's just being nice. Don't call a girl "obsessed" when she's just in love.
SAME SHIRT DIFFERENT DAY
That awkward moment when no one mentions you in
' I'm bored as shit , an L dawg ain't thought about texting me!
What does it mean when I'm disappointed at the news that my ofc bldg's electricity will shut off at 5 today, Friday!
Take chances. When rowing forward, the boat may rock. -Chinese proverb
I need someone to hang out with at six, text me!
New iPhone means more tweets, peeps/gente!
Good morning
Yeah T. Swift.
Insane legalise blubber talk=Obama
Mark Reynolds the walking fool.
my grades..
i keep loosing followers </3
So excited you're coming to Indy for 500.
im prepared for the nastiness. i can handle it for the $ and the benefits!
I'll buy you a 6 pack if you beat me
A Victim can become Victorious...tell someone if you are being bullied or hurt!
"Go take that litter of kittens in the loft and put em in the hog trough while I go get a beer"- The late Charles Hamilton. Good man Papps.
Pretty sure i Aced both of my quizzes today. Yes.
you definitely kno I'll be damn ready ;)
just lemme know what you need RT : holla at my manager and les make it happen!!
My brother watching, the cutie next door take a shower!!! # im done. lmaoooooo. -__-
CHICKEN TAQUITOS! crispy flour tortillas stuffed w/ chicken,Jack cheese,topped with tomatoes, Cotija Mexican cheese, sour cream&guacamole!
NCDPDubai thanks for following me on Twitter!
long story.. & twitter doesn't need to know all that lol
His supporters were out on 12th yesterday. Ran into a few of them. DCBOEE's list isn't updated yet with his information.
Two storms holding hands of tenuous mist, rolling across the world together, a mighty duo of sustained thunder & electricity, invincible.
Can't help but smile every time I read this. RT : Number two on my list of favorite March phrases: "Duke upset."
Acceleration of Prayer mobilization is key to reaching all nations with the Gospel Steve Douglass CRU
Bun's is rockin off tonite:)
All I wanna know is what happened at Yogurtland one night for them to have to have a cop sit in front of it?
congrats on your pro bowl center u just selected cuzzo
I love everything about this!
Conceptual plan for Reynolda originally conceived by Buckenham & Miller.
While there is time/Lets go out and feel everything/If you hold me/ I will let you into my dream/For time is a river rolling into nowhere-SW
Excited for 12 hour rehearsal tomorrow... This should be fun...
Love those mornings when I'm not rushed and can actually sit and enjoy my latte while cruising through headlines...
I really enjoy rolling down my windows and blasting some rap music.
Yaaaaaaaay dave RT : Congrats to my dude glad your stayin in Indiana
THANK you, !!
On the way to to watch take on Columbus!
I got the popup for the update for the first time today. Has it been out for a while?
#followfriday worthy friends @
Oh, how much I heart Blue's Egg.
hah. I wasn't terribly amused by her lectures, nice lady though
she's the best mama :)
Brady seems to betting the house on the Sustainability Center
New york is not tryna get swept 2day
Thank you so much, stay tuned for the date of the concert!! And please also ask your followers to follow as well! (:
Finally get some time to watch part of a Cavs game I turn on and we are losing to the Bobcats really? Come on fellas!
Truth and tears clear the way to a deep and lasting friendship. -
yup no contractions right now so im twitter bond lmao
Is the #48 negative points now???
this cracked me up! ;)
When I get a car and my licence I'm changing my horn to gun shoot sounds instead lol.
I feel the need to tweet.
this was a interesting read. Great post!
thanks honey :)
... or you could listen to the Billy/Wease Music Show on 95.1 The Fox
not talking about Suh.. we get that . Talking about folks who think he's the only one doing that.
R.I.P Mystic Grill - caught on fire this morning-
Got it! Thanks!
Let's go Packers!!!
Thought we was better then that I should've been the FIRST to get it :(
We always return to our first loves.
21 sold 20+ million as of April. Thriller has sold 110 million worldwide to date. Piracy is killing the industry.
Our friends are partying tonight! If you're in the area, stop by, drink a PBR, then head to Belltown for all night HH!
Some days you just have to wonder whether or not your boss is really the devil...
Omfg as if I could love Jennifer Hudson anymore...Wowzers what a voice, what a lady.
9 hours travel.
There are a crazy number of big time names in Mars Attacks
Definitely NOT coming to the studio today in that case!
RT: “: Just met some of your colleagues in #Henryville. I'm impressed by the Legion's long term plan to help here.”
let's shoot for next sat. 31st?
Hey there checking out #twittamentary at SXSW the story of all who tweet
she'd be a valuable player, especially pushing out that taxi and doing the Tebow on stage LMFAO
I'm pretty sure that between all 4 of us we've seen every space, alien, and communist documentary on Netflix.
enjoy your new favorite email account, you guys! also grab a shortmail.me address too
this should be interesting! Ha
Im not throwing away our friendship, I'm just saying I'm done trying to make you happy and not mad at me..
Thanks for the RTs , , and We'll keep the cleantech news and event updates coming!
Have I mentioned that Quiet by Susan Cain is good? It is, especially for the introverts among us. I've highlighted most of it.
CHIPOTLE HAS BROWN RICE
Just ate my last girl scout cookie : -(
Big day for advancing human rights at AHPN in Guate. City! Yay UT Austin for the huge digital collection! And, secondarily, yay U Oregon!
#AlliWant is for the NFL to start up again
I don't believe we have yet. Thanks for putting them on our radar. Know anyone there?
So what's everyone doing for nye??
Tonight, you may all refer me as Mike 'Ball So Hard' Martinez.
through the mail, with all the marks and stuff. Alcoholic or not they will get to you. you did order the 4 vinyl package yes?
I find myself thinking a lot about Bakhtin these days.
Like WOW. RT : #FF along with a full tongue in your mouth, swallow you whole kiss...damn
Conscious make me feel bad talking to anotha hoe Man ;; on second thought idgaf ! :)
I wish feelings had an "on/off" switch.
Still sleeping
Met who? What?
you have a year to give a wedding gift.
i didn't know you were only in 8th! you're a baby. :)
you look lost, follow me
he's a wolf in disguise, but i cant stop staring in those evil eyes
I did. But I'm not coming for Moby, I'm a fan of the comedic stylings of
if she doesnt know who loves orange soda....shes to young for you bro
Might have to go on a rescue mission and get myself 2 new dogs lol
thank you!
its not fun when places wont let you use thier bathroom! #homelessness USA.
RT : Regrets 2 inform u due 2 budget cuts & rising elec costs the light at the end of the tunnel has been turned off... LOL
Thanks. It was a big surprise and so hard to say goodbye.
Pietrus and Hollins had no idea who to rotate to. Joe for 3.
Just saw The three stooges with Maia(: LOL funniest movie ever! u really have to go and see it. Jersey Shore is in it which makes it better!
he likes it lol. looks at his lists xD
Gearing up (or shall I say down) for 80 degree weather in sunny Orlando! Looking forward to seeing you all at
last night was so fucking epic.
Happy hour is merely one hour away!!
Best 8 week stretch of sports annually: NFL FA, March Madness, MLB Opening Day, The Masters, NFL Draft, NHL/NBA playoffs.
same here lol.
Jeez baseball is so fresking slow and knowing there are over 100 games left to play makes it less exciting i think i see the grass growing
he got some heat
Watch off their rockers featuring on nbc at 830pm tonight
Haha, or in the playoffs, or in the finals, or in Cleveland...
The less i see, the less i know. The more id like to let it go. -Red Hot Chilli Peppers
Who the hell hacked my twitter account and started posting spam? Not what's up. #robetime!
#YouKnowYouInDetroitWhen you hit any mile between 8 and 5
My Asian fan girls left me :|
We have FREE high-speed wireless internet in all 114 of our guest rooms.
If you get too popular, you'll no longer be anonymous.
By 10:30am my mom had already tended to my cold and plucked a sliver out of my finger. Oh to be home again.
"Yes, they are boys. Boys who like to dress up like girls." Pretty lame...
First day great. Sat with the cool kids at lunch and now trying to figure out how to use my computer so I can check
Today, we are teaching our HIV-positive clients how to stay healthy during pregnancy!
Isn't it amazing how what YOU have to say to the world and the trending topics are coincident?
We are excited for The Duped Tour :)
You'd think I had a dick the way muh fuckas be riding my shyt..
Don't hate us because we're beautiful.
she told us to have fun prank calling but that it wasn't funny and was stupid -.- yolo
and have fun in LA! :D
If I could give you one gift, I would give you the ability to see yourself as I see you, so you could see how truly special you are.
You're not beginning to...to...mean something?
Life is tough. But I'm doing my thing and will keep doing my thing
"Even if you are on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there."
get out of here!
The Blogging Tool also allows Tom to keep his content fresh on a regular basis
ugh I have a bad headache right now.
I love you all to death!
sixflags with sarah and meg this summer #reunion #imgonnacry I miss them so much!
get monte. no stones to pay what is owed
Nadia!! You're really here. I've been on a big Pink Floyd kick lately.
Good thing. Wouldn't want it to be awkward haha ;p
North Carolina. What can be said that isn't painfully obvious?
I eat when I'm bored... No matter what I'm doing, or what time it is.. If I'm bored, I have food.
yeah it doesn't show up. 1 I think is bc the admin hasnt added me. The other one Im def added, but still cant see it.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA thanks dude
I WILL RESIST!
With the 31st pick in the #2012F2Amockdraft the #patriots w/ selecting take Vinny Curry DE Marshall
YUP ! i'll be waiting for my plate...
You guys did a great job in your U-T San Diego radio debut, honoring Junior Seau. The passion and love came through. Thank you.
my dad got a flashlight as a graduation present. flashlight. of all things. yeah. haha
We will be closed tomorrow, July 4th. Be sure to take advantage of our new late night hours and get your Rio fix tonight!
I ain't u can put Wateva picture now leave me alone
... was unanimously elected Chair of by 3 dozen ppl+
Thanks love! To have Nicole and I be the final two is my DREAM! I'm so excited to be competing w/ my bff!
Opps... forgot to post results for the Underground Podcast.
RT Last #Friday #real #estate word unscramble - dormer, 2day's WORD: ytpra lawl HINT: separation. We salute our #Veteran's!
Appointments available for treebraids on June 30 to July 3 DC, VA and Maryland book appointments now www.hairgynesis.com
lmao "cum", I thought you were gonna come here?!
the boyz are gonna be special guests on ABDC7. uh, vinny. is he going too?
The things I own. I have a demi tas set!
went to biology prof's office for off dates She was bumpin' Fred tunes when i walked in. Priceless!!
I wish my dad let me take naps. Ugh
thanks for coming out--hope you enjoyed the beautiful weather as much as we did!
Thanks for all the birthday wishes!!
We've added more shopping and restaurants. Anyone have a favorite Christmas store in Pigeon Forge?
what city are you in. Remind me not to go there lol
Sure if you would, I will be sending the invite around this weekend and Monday. Short notice but I hope ppl can still come.
Oh nice!!! I cant wait to break her in! Just like I did with your mom! lol
You have no choices about how you lose, but you do have a choice about how you come back and prepare to win again. ~ Pat Riley
Thank you! :D
Send the FatNoMoSho a :30 clip using your phone of how YOU work out! It'll air on the next episode!!! Email
ok, goodnight BRO ;)
why not</3
You will not get what you truly deserve if you're too attached to things you're supposed to let go of..
Oh Emma Stone, what were yoy thinking?! Not even Nic Kidman pulled it off, jeez...
Well I heard say that if & werent in the valley she would go down more often.
That is my girl right there! My ride or die :). Can't wait to meet you too.
Beautiful Day in Atl
RT Never regret anything. Everything happens for a reason. // :(
Peggy needs to lose that white blouse.
What's your thoughts on Tweason'ale?
You called the Manning to Denver move....How about Tebow to Cardinals now? Makes sense and can compete and far from AFC West
I wish I could go back in time..
it's not u is it? “Body found at Churchill Downs hours after Kentucky Derby”
so glad I can help you be productive! And... I miss you too! You're back so soon. :) let's hang
Starting to get flushed. I have a feeling a fever is coming on... I wonder if more cowbell is covered under my prescription plan.
Chris Beer, Web Developer (mainly for digital library/archives apps), WGBH Interactive
i am speaking way way way more slowly today than even i usually do. derp.
Thank you! Enjoy the #FOLLOWFRIDAY frenzy :-)
have you had any reaction to your piece?
It is not the gift, but the thought that counts!
School is so boring._.
You had it so easy working for me!
I think some self-reflection is in order, not defensive accusations. What TONE is generating this impression?
This MuteMath concert is about to be awesome!
Did you hear that this week they announced he's going national!
Ok these performances are really good on glee
Who knew a paper cut could require stitches? Getting stitched on Robb before going back to work. No more mail room for me today!
Alright gonna attempt to go to sleep. Lets see if I get any new followers. Night
at least for standardized tests....which of course will disadvantage lower income student who aren't taught the test program
haha.. I do it everyday at school "/
Wishes the week would go by as fast as the weekend.
I really missed going to church today. I can't wait until next Sunday.
I'm bored perro and hungry
yeah! i miss their chats :/
Often dogs show certain kinds of body language to <U+FFFD>warn<U+FFFD> people that they are not happy with their approach
Elissa Auther gave an insightful talk of Art on mashing-up material and craftvism
Should be business as usual at Chula Vista and other courthouses. Will let you know if I hear otherwise
Okay so tomorrow I have to get Andy and Oscar...how is this gonna work.??? Will they get along :0
This is cargo shorts weather baby! Yeah!
ok, well that makes sense. I thought u were just totally dissin The View. Kelly beats joy n whoopi tho anyday!!
look at my last tweet
It's a good problem to have ;-)
One more minute til the bell rings and theres only four people in class. Smh
Making a powerpoint to convince parents to let her come to New York with me for the summer!
Cute new picture, Ms. Helen. Hope all is well with you, girl!
your the type of player that makes being a fan of the green and gold!
The wasps in my life buzz of the forthcoming Waspocalypse.
happiness does not come from a paycheck
Ali's Savage Traits - Custom Fangs & SFX is almost at 500 Likes! Thank you all for your eternal support!
If only allergies weren't so bad...
Scrubs theme song >
RT Thank goodness there is always someone on twitter to correct you. << Oh, you mean :-)
Amtrak train delayed out of ny...I feel like I'm back in dc already dealing with that familiar #metro incompetence
“: May 9, 1989. We lost Keith Whitley. 23 years gone.. And STILL One of the best voices in our industry.”
There are at least three directions I can now take this thread. It's like a perverse choose-your-own-adventure book.
thank you! :)
The diff betweenCutler and Rodgers is that Rodgers would learn to throw the ball LH while his RH healed.He's that good.
Graded papers from 5pm to 4am while Netflix streaming Dr. Who and drinking coffee, then worked from 7am- 3pm.
#OccupyMadison myth-busting presser today 11am at Veterans' Plaza. We'll respond to Mayor Soglin's statements about the former site.
now I can't tweet from anywhere. thanks to android and dr. dre!
- are you serious with this just for men ad? You should really fire your marketing team - its just bad. Plain & simple.
Women need a reason to have sex - men just need a place. - Billy Crystal.
I now have business cards. I'm official!
Loving this gorgeous weather and all the opportunities to be outside! Only seven hours and 42 minutes until softball!
Rational thought is not at a premium here.
thanks for the follow and stay up!!!
Friends, stop collecting data on paper. Let help for free! We need feedback on our latest release!
Cody Simpson licks t pains butthole
Grant my last request and just let me hold you, don't shrug out shoulders, lay down beside me.
It's a weird world when you realise that even the vegetables we eat are determined by fashion. I mean who was munching kale five years ago?
“: yal played the leading scorer last night huh smh” Yeah we did your games are a lot a like.
Time for the Kiwanis fashion show. & I are up first. Let's show 'em our moves like Jagger.
The Admiral & Mrs Admiral ate for first time at Mama Mia's #Nashville. Good stuff large portions, bring own wine
"That’s the real trouble with the world, too many people grow up. They forget. –Walt Disney"
I have a brass one! Works like a charm
The DM isn't showing up in my Direct Messages. Saw it on my phone, though. Nothing from Lauri, did you ask me to call him?
Thank you #Mamiverse for sponsoring the #Librotraficante dinner Friday night!! Thank you Rene!!!
Listen to the FIUSM sports staff Monday mourning on from 10-11 a.m. for a Panther Sports Talk Live special, Mad Monday!
sit by me in the morning. Even if it's only for 5 mins. DEW IT.
I'm at my breaking point. I don't want to do this shit anymore.
Yes! I am drinking ALL the Jameson.
Paul Pierce could be called for an offensive foul on every Celtic possession.
I hate my freckles!;/
One thing I don't want to hear on a flight: the attendant referring to the plane as an "older plane."
Putting the finishing touches on my best man speech.
Chocolate-Covered Orange Peel Dough??? Try it before its gone! Don't forget to check out our new t-shirts too!
Excited to be moving into my first apartment in 2 weeks!
crazy night!!! Puentez is killing it!!
When you want something you've never had, you have to do something you've never done.
In the christmas spirit today
Tell me more about this #TwitterCoffeeClub!
Never leaving this bed.
#IfonlyYouCould save me from boredom
Getting PUMPED to travel to NC next week and perform! Can't wait to share the stage with & ! #roadtrip!
glad we could help at the RSVP table. Let us know if we can assist you with any other upcoming SXSW events. Have a great night!
Question from the Immigrant Archive Project: What do you recall about your earliest days in the U.S.?
Don't ask permission, just ask forgiveness.
My this weekend article will be published just after midnight tonight!
I'm sick of drying everybody else's tears with nobody to dry mine.
May the fourth be with you, friends.
...talked to a group of students today about their online image. Scary when you realize how much they are exposing themselves.
AGH!!!!!! Must we keep dropping these ridiculously easy interceptions!?!?! C'mon, Vikes!!!!!!! Could someone please pay ME to drop the ball?
When you're going to follow me?
You should be embarrassed that it is on YOUR website. I guess it is original content, congrats
Booboo, let's just go ahead and fuck?
Just watched "Badassery". So funny and it looks so good! We will officially be releasing it tomorrow. Can't wait for everyone to see it!
MISS "C" PLEASE CHECK MY JAM FREAK MODE WIT A LITTLE HOME MADE VIDEO ATTACHED
layin lo fool got alot goin on around me
Hey , you're starting your weekend off right! We've got 2 tix to the Beer Lovers Fest for you. Thanks for the RT!
Why cant i just be the only one?
Happy Earth Day! Tell us your #EarthDay story..
What a shit argument. Let's be clear so we know our terms. U disagree w/the standard defn of slavery. True or false?
check out our website www.njgallivan.com for upcoming auctions!!!
Can't find a single reference to black and white cookies in our archive.
I wonder how many #fivehourenergys I'm throwin down today. Over/Under is 1.5. Bets in by noon please. #twitterbinge 22/24
This week sucked. Time to relax and see Evita tomorrow!
Its funny how the people I used to hang around changed....... Thats proboly why I keep changing the people I hang around
The Bayou NEEDS to be on True Blood!
Stark & D'Ambrosio, LLP: We are a law firm dedicated to beneficially resolving our client's legal issues. Free consultation: 619.338.9500
Looking for recos - need a good read for hosting book club in July. Thanks!
tonite at 4am - CineVegas presents our graveyard double feature OUR MAN FLINT + SUPERCHICK. late night movies & mai tais. only at Frankie's.
hahaha she was there she can tell you, that's exactly what I did!
Gus Macker is not going well today
Thanks Moms!
Hopefully in a good way! I'm looking forward to observing as the game goes on.
No problem, glad you had fun!
Kyle and I did new mixdown for Disco Bloodbath. It took me 10 years, but I think I finally got this song down right!
Looks like the event on Tuesday is filling up! Best wishes for a fun (fruitful, lively, fabulous) night in the Bullitt!
Imma fck Dave up when I see him , then get down too business lmfao !!!!
I dont want u to be upset with me so i think its worth the try :)
I'm good too. Bit hungover from last night however. Don't remember much. Only had two drinks too. Def not like me.
Sure... RT : . customer feedback = insights --> strategic decisions - its that simple.
Everyone's at Prom.
I can't believe my Anger doesn't even register. Is it I'm atypically nice here? Hey screw you! Gimme Anger points!
very classy!
Eric Bana just went HAM on some dudes. Awesome.
haha that's pretty standard. Yeah I didn't want to say hi...
Since the start of the phase-out of the incandescent lamp lighting design and technology are faced with completely new challenges.
“: killin it! He puts me in the best mood, no joke. Good dude!!”-Great seeing you and everyone last night!! :-)
RT : Whippy/Armijo Fire has been contained. Still waiting on final acreage and cause. Thank you Grant Co and USFS crews!...
Did the power just go out everywhere in town?
How acted this weekend <<<<<
I must be pumped for the game tonight, I had one of my best workouts this morning...I just couldn't stop running!
spring break! finalizing #MLA13 panel proposal, starting paper on David Mitchell for Novel Conference, then Library of Congress next week.
who do u think will come to Ky? How many more players do we need 4 next season! At least 3 right?
Wishing a speedy recovery to our neighbors in need & the families effected by Friday’s severe
kobe is sick<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B7> tgats why he not feeling it as good as he usually do
if you've ever been there Seattle is not the biggest sports town. Nothing like here
...Cont: Like for example matches like Alundra blayze vs Bull Nakano for the woman's championship belt?? Those were actually good!!
And insert Oscar comment here: ______. And here: ______.
Emily Disher giives us the skinny on the upcoming performance of the Paris Opera at Harris Theater. Check it out in our Summer 2011 issue!
you are beautiful, don't change too much
#foodjustice is the piece of the food movement I'm interested in the most!
Just introduced myself to every young woman on the train, but not one of them was ... My quest continues.
that gym you work at is amazing nothing like that ive seen before.
Learning a thing or 2 from the igoogle gadgets session at #il2009. My inst uses google apps for education. Now, would our students use them?
San Antonio: Breezy, humid and very warm. No rain next several days, some AM drizzle Friday. Today: AM clouds, m/sunny. high 89.
passed my math final! No more college algebra!!!! :D :D :D
So, if the employees at the City of SD have proven that managed comp is a waste of time, why didn't they save $1mill+ before managed comp?
Were u happy w wiki? Want smthng easy & flexible, but w shelf life. Also, where to draw line btwn local procedure and cat 101?
A Woman Says: if true love never dies, why is there so many divorces? I am just wondering!!!
Trance is seriously the most beautiful type of dance music. Amazing closing set
thanks, Brenda :(
Actually I was studying 4 a E.E. degree,when I did a speech on 7 ways the World "could end" when I first studied "Climate change"
Thanks!! RT : is doin it w/ her meatloaf muffins! Turkey and sweet potato YUM!
Im ready to see kid cudi :)
#AskPSanders favorite hat?
#3WordsForYou i love you.
see? just ignant (intentionally misspelled) lol
I love Chris <33
#tbt what are we honestly
Zimmermann again pitches into the 7th, gives up 3 earned and takes another loss. Run support?!?!
I've resorted to stalking you via twitter now. help me shoot a commercial tmw morning during your class?
:( We'll go see music this summer, then Toast!
on hold with trying to figure why my exchange is all confused....I just want my shoes!
Tim Green: Reading is weightlifting for your brain. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
has entered the red-wine-tv-slow-descent-into-naptime phase of the evening.
can i get a hold of that?
What’s your best trick to get you through Hump Day?
don't trip? White boy -- I mean Nick -- no.
Ha Ha Ha ~ Why, thank you! X
You got that right.Take back America
was great hearing you on Tavis Smiley's show...hearing you on the radio reminded me of you back in the day on 97Rock!
Who run the world? GIRLS!! Happy women's day ladies
I think is the way that I will go :)
with the paleo you might be right, but i assert it would work well with dim sum.
Honestly, nothing we found was scary enough. That, and a sissy viewing mate, made us flip it over to a rom com.
I love winning but i really Really hate losing
say Hello to my Kitty :)
Lori #Korpikoski is my homeboy.
so pumped for a new album by Springsteen, still the Boss
Science committee on fracas: "It has been misreported that the Committee turned away an accredited ABC News crew."
Life's really not fair.
thinkin' about releasing a short holiday inspired album in December.....thoughts?
Okay, yes. I love the Beach Boys and Brian Wilson's smile. Gah!
That would be cool
I can't take this long distance relationship anymore.. Fridge your coming to my bedroom ! c:
I am
My friend is such a flirt.omffffg.i can never hang out with guys with her.no matter what.omfffg.
Fixing Congress is not up to the President, it's up to "US". Help #POTUS fight for the 'progress' in PROGRESSIVE!
People respond better to friendly, casual messages rather than formal marketing talk.
Thanks for the opportunity to learn on set with you and the team at Sony Studios today!
UK back in recession. US would be too if budget hawks were in complete control in DC.
If a threesome is 3 people, and a twosome is 2 people, then I know why they call you handsome.
Keep calm and feel like you Just Cant Get Enough.
Dear guys, getting a lot of girls isn't something you should be proud of, Keeping one is!
I OFFICIALLY love the song Rocketeer (:
We're in the building. About to kick off our workshop at
I was there. But as you can see I'm a Twitter novice so just saw this. Sorry I missed you. See you for lunch.
did you know that your eyes are closed at least 30 minutes a day just from blinking ??!
except for the budging.
Go Gators, C'mon Gators, Getup and Go..Esp Pat!!:)
happy 420 for my Bottannical Blowers.. Death to you Dirt devils!!
I started the conversation with I'm going swimming every day must lose weight and ended it with I'm going to the store to get ice cream.
I spelled HILLS wrong? HEELS LOL
I hope duke appreciates my story. i thought it was funny & creative.
Thank you Staci. Gave a much needed boost!
Are you a user of the ATLA Religion Database? $25 and chance to win iPad for 45 min interv. at AARSBL. dm for details.
This is how magazines sell in America. Same crap over and over, with different packaging
so glad you tweeted this. just in time for my writing break!
oh yah! It's gonna be sweet.
are you a 9ers fan?
Hello Ingrid, thank you so much for the mention!
... and also the worldwide celebration of Intl Children's Day and #TEDxYouth Day .. Little Haiti Cultural Ctr at 6:30 pm
I commend the lady who is doing it! The logos so far have been fabulous.
I feel ur pain! Help me find this word: that cold pool of water on the floor when u first step in shower but water is hot.
#FYI #BeerDiplomacy returns on Jan 30 with a very special guest! Stay tuned! Feb. guests include: , & more!
cool! keep me posted, I'm happy to help with logistics...
She say she think I'm the realiest out, that makes 2 of us
Thank you! We have songs, we are just missing a couple members, but as soon as we have more members we will post a song
When I dream; I dream in color...As I live; I live like no other...Live your dreams & proud will be your mother! Happiness is Happy mothers!
How to Build Your MatchRate PLUS Business
I just joined in, but how do we know that the video wasn't staged?
Good season nuggetts its all good
kind of mind blowing, right?
It's just...unnatural
"this is a new beginning 4 me! I hope 2 wake up wit a NEW man" Get it bitch! U are a beautiful woman! Rock that confidence!
Sorry yall I haven't been good about updating my show schedule and such. I have a handful of new shows to add...eventually... :)
Research and Markets: Niobrara Shale Play
I still can't get tumblr to work grrrrrrr ill just have to keep trying to reinstall stuff because this is annoying
You're very right! Typo - "Sneak Peek :)"
u hear all the new Kanye? He is seriously making all these rappers turn they summer in. Dominating the airways
this just made my morning
Loving hubs for letting me nag him into shape. ;) His first 5k is this Sunday. Wish him luck!
Hi Bianca! Thanks for following!
Excited! The more I get, the more I write.
We are declaring that The Devil is a Liar today at iwillmovement.blogspot.com
Great choice! Hope you'll come by for a brew soon.
Momma you can take me home if you let the whole krew get on
that hurt a little lol but its true
Herman Miller chairs for all? Can I come work for you now? ;)
Oh, that would be no good! Charity, can I ask you to follow me :)? I can't reply to the message you sent.
Great day to get things done!
Remember complimentary champagne and entry for ladies until midnight. Get there early!
hey i uh miss u
dammit i just woke with #MorningWood ....i wish i did'nt drag that #stripper down the street to my neighbors lawn last night
i think a bacon brunch on a sat or sun would be pretty awesome... bacon mimosas anyone? i'm sure you could make them tasty!
It's dinner time! I'm hungry for the sampler platter at 50's PT Cafe! What about you? What's your favorite restaurant at Hollywood Studios?
Jericho Sends Painful Message to Punk!
Gag. I don't completely hate her you know, she just doesn't appeal to me.
Got my first pair of Tom's today - can't wait to sport them while exploring Paris! LOVE this organization!
Damn, I was trying not to be noticed LOL
And then i decide to go another way and a train is on tracks. I don't remember the last time i saw one of these things
Congrats! What a great and well deserved honor! Looking forward to your selections.
Hi Steve...things are better but not great. Have to have more tests done for pain that has been occurring post surgery.
Good game Rudy Gay
I'll keep you posted if I have to get a new handle for Hope all is well and thanks again for the nice words
Get those essays ready, photos taken & recommendation writers lined up! Scholarship applications begin Jan1 collegefund.org/scholarships
I can't wait to be off work already.
Dempsey was diagnosed as dyslexic at a young age, and although he attended the local high school, he dropped out before graduating.
Thanks for RT'ing! :)
Yeah Hallmark is supposed to be, its just they are being corporate greedy and demanding more money from my cable company.
how bout NUTS!
They be cracking me up on the half time show on TNT Bo Bop it's a rhythm,lol
Late Night Snack Kashi Chicken Rustico Pocket Bread Sandwich (wow, I totally forgot, you have to try this, so good!), Poland Spring Water
my dude..illbe there for sure
Panel on state financing of services to Texans with Special Need at the #TexasLyceum meeting. Special thanks to State Rep Lois Kolkhorst.
And thanks for adding the topic, too. Couldn't do without caffeine. :)
The awkward moment when were sat in a&e and me and mum start crying over sport relief on tv.. :')
So you're gone and i'm haunted, and i bet you're doing just fine.
I'm sorry, I just really like Tony Manero.
<333333333333333333333333333433333333333333333333333333 beat you
Don't trust either party 2 tell U truth. Have to dig out yourself. Truth lies somewhere between DEM & GOP soundbites! Verify before trust!
Jorts & cutoff USA tshirt, check. Sockless untied boots, check. Trucker hat, check. 24 Buds that won't be shared w/ ANYONE, check. USA! USA!
Many awesome things to announce in the coming days - stay tuned!
Not Afraid to Fail....Believing You Can Succeed!
omfg Chase and Zoey were just meant to be, I shipped them so hard
when will you finally be back on O&A? Did something happen that they don't have you back?
Agreed. I will watch it almost solely for this reason!
now I'm tripping gone an fuckem like u said rap dat
yummy..nothing like the smell of spilled pepto
I get it. I'm a bad texter. Get over it.
going to the anderson project tonight!!
What I hate most about Twitter: finishing a good tweet and having -1 characters left,and then having to decide which grammar crime to commit
Hey, National Geographic put Pittsburgh on the Best of the World list! That's one list I've never heard of, but I'm glad we're there!
I agree Randy deserved it
She says I am horrible at sex. I say I'm EXTREMELY good at dry-humping.
Thanks, Mon! Getting real-world experience is like taking a laxative... you're much less likely to be full of sh*t.
We do not need more of the things that are seen, we need more of the things that are unseen. -Calvin Coolidge
Just saw someone's LinkedIn profile listed their education as "Management BS". Well, at least they're honest.
I just got done watching and hearing Seether do Remendy live. <OVER THE LIMIT12>
My body aches! Pls flu, don't visit me :(
this weather is ridiculous!
Malibu for the day
OH: WHOS YOUR DAUGHTER??
Baha ok so when I just typed Baha my iPod changed it to Bahamas hahaha! And I'll share my snacks with you!!
the one and only ;) sexiest follower of them all is obs
lol thank you
Big congrats Calvert!!
what is that thing? dinner?
Thanks for the gift! I'm going to save it for my shift drink this Saturday Cheers my friend!
Living young and wild and free <3
I wouldn't be surprised by anything, I think. We're solid all around so I think doing a true BPA would be fun
Great Horned Owl in the lookout tree at dawn. So silent as he flies away into the pines.
My #dog ate my homework... I mean my computer charger :(
Clear eyes, full hearts, CAN'T LOOSE!
looking for a Sr. Digital Producer - NYC
Happy Mother's Day mama's!!
Anyone get a chance to check out Diablo 3? Is it awesome!? I'm sure it's awesome..
It's amazing what good a little run will do for you!
no I never got it
Can we try that again soon? I seriously miss/missed out on all that lovin'!
You always make my day like no lie!!(:
You are too kind, Patrick. What are you working on?
there used to several in the Independence Park area. Only BB is left standing I think. Maybe Video City is still on Lk Otis?
Neither will we! RT : RT : Happy to see great progress made. We won’t stop until #JLWOP is a thing of the past.
A buddy
Thanks!! RT this skirt is perfect !! I love the leather detail with the zip!!cc
Thank God for his traveling mercies. On to Miami later this evening.
I have heard police sirens at least 3 times tonight... #whatisgoingon!?
Def gunna be voting for in the final!
OUCH!!! says #45 on white
There's a box in my van with a bag of chips and a bunch of tortillas. Yeah, I'm snackin' tonight and ganking some Mexican turtle shells.
going for a long run and then either going up to eat lunch with the boy and then going to American Apparel because they are going bankrupt!
I'm Israeli. My grandmother and Father live in Jerusalem. My loyalty and allegiance is to Israel. It's security is of my highest concerns.
try drinking some honey. with hot water.
Problems with chords, melody, or lyrics? -take a break -start another song -call a co-writer -reverse chorus chords
Oh Del Ray Saturday mornings, I'll miss you! Farmer's market, St. Elmo's, and yes I even treated myself to Dairy Godmother at noon!
« IOS 5; one step closer to an Android.»
MIND BLOWN!
RT : The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge, but Imagination! ~ Albert Einstein
Back to the show. 888-640-9385 to chime in on the Fins, Heat, Marlins and whatever topics that are on your mind.
oh, and thankyou for tweeting Austin my photo :') <U+2665>
The #ACMs are trying to change country's image: In Vegas with appearances by KISS, Ashton Kutcher, Steve Martin and more??
kiddo's birthday. I'll be eating cake. Don't be too upset.
i'm pretty sure i just said they havent been on me.
Fire in tower at Dallas Love Field. Trying to go home!
New brakes. Whoa Nelly.
Wanna know why you get no girls? Because you call girls bitches&ho's. Show some respect and you might get somewhere.
Thank god for my physical therpist
FOR ART. but you're totally right... only in rome :)
I just had an epiphany
gifboom is so cool!!! Ha
I have really slow internet at The Biggest Week. Trying to do a blog post, but it keeps stalling out.
SO LETS SEE WHAT THE CLIPPERS GO DO.
Happy hour starts at 5 and goes until 9; 2-4-1 Taps, rails, and Domestics. We have quality beer on tap, including !
A woman that appreciates a workin man >>>>
no pain no gain I guess “: it always hurts worse two days after. If you're not sore you need to change it up.”
Unless I want to read a Nora Roberts book. Which I don't.
it's the minimum!!!
Wine Word of the Week-- Weighty: well-structured/balanced wines with an implication of mildly excessive flavour or heaviness
Weight loss challenge $$$! It pays to lose weight!
Renaissance Hotels Opens First Hotel In Pearl River Delta
Cutler being a crybaby? Shocking! RT : I want to congratulate wisconsin's mvp, the refs. Vandy had no answer for you
At #turfindy with
I guess one good thing about this cold weather is that it's pretty motivational! Love all this editing going on
Off to to see perform the new Terry Riley violin concerto. Very exciting!! I hear Terry will be there. Go!!
its gonna be fun!!!! :D
NO WAY!!! Headed there now :(
I'm listening to country music all weekend.... But I'm not enjoying it.
It's Finally Friday! What will you be mixing up when the clock strikes 5?
God is faithful when we are not. When we feel like giving up He never gives up on us.
So annoyed at spell correction for VianadoCastelo, previous tweet.
It's going down at Delmar!!! Sunday, Nov 20th, Celebrity game in #htown Doors open at 3, get there
Sick day 3. Flu, you're an asshole. :(
Chloe will loose another life, Brians gonna be "What the hell?" Alek saves the day!! While hating Chloe for loving her human.
So y'all just gon watch him shoot dat huh ?....cool.
I'll do anything to incorporate Prince-ly purple into my work/life
My calendar is insane today. I'm exhausted just looking at it!
So #overit it's fuckin ridiculous
Gonna go get my sweat on!
If you are in Pacific Beach, La we offer a free estimate for all your locksmith needs. Get professional locksmith services, at affordable
WTF is this KickTV halftime show on Live? I'd literally rather watch a goddamn blank screen for the break.
Sitting in a technical meeting that's informatative, but definitely a PWAMBA (Presentation With A Million Billion Acronyms).
RT : Strange reasons people use to call in sick: Got my toe caught in a vent cover.
I have the knees of a 60 year old man.
Shift happens. Gomes is robbed.
I believe the correct term is American
Gah, that's a tough blow for the Bulls. Going to have to see how far their depth can get them...bummer for Rose.
sending in a message.
Um, my son just told me I should be on the Biggest Loser. I don't know how to respond...
I wish we could lay under the stars and just talk for hours (:
100 followers! Keep it up! :) <3
Pau Gasol looks like Prince playing ball on Dave Chappel;
go out , just go out
Late to the party but loving "A Visit From the Goon Squad." A novel of nodes. Also made me put "Imagine" on my own list.
Not going to lie, I missed all three homers.
Last call at #bttr! 30 more minutes to get your ice cream sammies. Don't procrastinate!
how is 7 pm for dinner Tuesday? I'll make a reservation just to be safe.
My Encyclopedia of #ClassicalMusic tries to #keepitappropriate by referring to #Rach3 as "pyrotechnic". lol
Taking the kids back to school shopping tonight, then home by 7 to watch Big Brother 11
lol, bitch shut up we don't care!
Matt it was an awesome shoot. Keep me updated about the release!! Thanks so much!
“: RT : How drunk is ABBA drunk? | There’s not enough beer in the whole world.”// Hee hee....
B.I.L.F. of the day is up! Go check out our Boobs I'd Like To Fondle, wsupfl.com keyword "BILF"!!!
Looking to attract sponsors to support our growth Our momentum is carrying us towards becoming the next Oprah's book club.
No, looks like he installed a while ago. I just didn't notice much on my floor til now.
Looking forward to seeing some of regulars tonight and some new faces too for dinner at Amici's! Prossimo pranzi con noi!
If that is true, wouldn't that mean we should just celebrate "American Music", instead of Black American Music? To be holistic?
I burned my finger. Omfg ow.
when talking to someone and then they stop replying and then ask why you didnt txtback
We as blk ppl hav 2 protect our kids frm the cops and the criminals. And now the community patrol. RIP
#FF my wife RT "honey - I need to return these organs? me: human organs? #lifeofamedstudent #wifeofamedstudent”
Ewwww i just saw this lady with hairy legs at the airport...hasn't she heard of shaving/waxing?
Congratulations to Tim Nguyen for winning a FREE conference pass to San Diego Music & Technology Conference!!!
thanks for the love
I'm covering my hardwood floors in this fancy varnish called beer
Thanks for meeting with Steven and I today. Look forward to showing you our wines! (and Tequila.)
Focus on what sets you apart from your competition and learn how to communicate it to your clients-your USP.
Yea but it takes alot to do! your a great person<3
Words cannot describe how I feel about you because I don't feel anything about you.
haha same here...
Sweet! Take good care of them as always!
I definitely get less points than you two. At least I was home sick.
Do It!! Swag
Ok, fair enough! All is well now, correct?
I am and sitting next to my dad at the Badger/Sparty hoops game. He says hello!
so impatient -_____-
I miss you too! I'm in NYC and then you & Chris are coming out? Maybe end of May? :)
I'm tweeting. I hope you're happy
Still time to vote! Polls close @ 8pm...
Lovely image: RT The purple martins are back, fluttering over white half moon this morning in Fuji farm north of Princeton...
Live music with Kelly Riley starts in 1 hour.... Come see us!!
Bitch you wasn't wit me #deemolishing jeans <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
I love you all.
Thank you for the follow :D Could you actually follow this sweetheart? ...He's the reason I'm here right now <3
I am Capitol H to the U N G R to the mothaf**kin Y!!!!!!!
i love
Al Green is performing.
we were shinin like lighters in the dark in the middle of a rock show
Make it a great day!!
follow me back gurl
Tell the world what you think, tell the world what you think, of all this fucking bullshit. www.insanityshirts.com.....
When bored on a Saturday afternoon, pop in #Sex&TheCity dvd Season 3. I've always loved Aiden 4 Carrie! ;)
How much do I love this blog format of yours? Very much. I can just flip and weep, flip and weep. xox
Big ass house to myself, no one here, all weekend,...# EVERY TEENAGER'S DREAM
I'm missing the very last episode of #DesperateHousewives to watch the finale of #Survivor I really need to get my priorities straight ...
Hey I saw you in the Hillywood show Twilight Parodys! You were amazing! :D
= Cheney heart transplant is like putting a new tire on a car in a junk yard
Good luck with the music video shoot! :)
RT : Are city workers pilfering city gas pumps?? The answer may surprise you.. the story tonight at 10
omg my good man you my friend r stunning xD
Just started all peppers and eggplants. Summer flowers are growing. The bliss of winter....
Twitter recluse misses you too
Hey DK Residents! How have you gotten involved in greatness this week? Respond to enter a prize drawing?
Ain't nobody got time fadat!!! **Sweet Brown voice**
fuck my life. seriously.
I paid more attention to the #puppybowl today, still pissed the aren't playing
“: cash gets bad bitches bahaha”
Same deal. Minneapolis Lakers moved west!
Competent vs Cool. . . I'll take competent every day.
Remember our promotion this week is a Carne Adovada Breakfast Sandwich. Remind all your friends to follow us or like us on fb.
George Zimmerman
HEHEHEH! muhahahahha! thats payback for all the times you killed me
umm I think imma pass on that tonight.
Amazing. I love the word scrambles: Unscramble these mixed-up words: cilhd entcered mraketing
"The only reward of virtue is virtue; the only way to have a friend is to be one." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wait, so is MySlice wrong, or are there seats still available in 613? Accidentally signed up for online instead of your section!
Why the fuck would people want "JustinCrew" ta follow them. JUSTIN BEIBER IS GAY AF!!!!!!
We have a fan from Georgia, and NOT the Peach State! Uncle Jim going global!!
I knew all along
First and foremost I have to worry about myself. I'm the only one that always has my best interest in mind.
Some people dream of success...while others wake up and work hard at it. ~author unknown
I'm sitting here and thinking, "Why."
My phone needs to stop ringing. Fuck everyone who keeps calling me.
I'm half black but both sides were slaves :P apparently both sides had fun bending over being bitches.
honestly, it blew my mind.
I'm a little short on time tomorrow night, but will certainly try to come out for a bit.
Sigh. Handsome and a do-gooder. Get ready for our #GeorgeClooney feature in this Sunday's Just read the proofs today.
"Just because you fail, doesn't make you a failure."
So i was walking down the street and i saw a poster that said stay beutiful. <3 i fell inlove with it. ~Summer <3~
I am pleased and honored to be awarded The MacDowell Colony Fellowship
Congrats Giants!!!!!
FTW No snowmageddon in Chicago this year
Boosie's new single is going to be called soap me down.
Yes Milo! You should!
#Bulls aint playing no games
Last day to enter our Twitter and Facebook contest! Enter by following us and tweet 'I love .Winner chosen Monday...
Buon giorno puccettari !!!! We open at eleven ... Deliveries ... Happy hours tonight .... Open mic .... A lot of stuff ... It's a great day
go if you have someone to watch the kids. Hope everything turns out ok!
mau, if u follow me ill make a video of me doing something stupid in public that'll gain u followers.
Off to to cook up some delicious food with Hope to see you there :)
It's Beautiful outside, take advantage of this lovely weather
Thanks! I'd love to do tacos soon, although I can't actually eat Jesus's tacos just now. Boo. Some kind of food, though!
Thanks! I've been looking forward to it but especially so after this week!
I need to schedule some more tweets. :D
ru f/ckin kiddin? >:O is who he is and nobody else can be the "next psanders".
I have a major jealousy problem..
The shitter's full !! Have you checked our shitter !!!
If you end up w/one after *all* attendees have had the opportunity... would love. Very nice work!
Will there ever be an end to music?
duh I meant you're comin June 16th until......
pure jealousy is rarely attractive.
Auditor can educate public on that very question - like what Sec of State does on elections or Treasurer on personal finance
Am. Idol time. I must be really bored bc I haven't watched since Jordan Sparks won it.
You left without saying goodbye?!?
... no, we didn't. So I'm not even sure why he jumped in to our convo when we wern't talking to him?
Don't forget to sign up for Cypher Sessionz with on Friday Oct. 7th 9:30pm - until. Ages 8 &up. $15! Every 1st Friday!!!
She dreamed of para para paradise.
Head to the farm!
Just got offered ray bans for 15 dollars......
ok.. talk later.
Dear Aspiring Author: Please employ sentence fragments sparingly. Very sparingly. Thank you.
Just heard a diamond advertisement where they claimed to "pay premium prices" for their inventory
today is just not my day
we just started back talkin so when would I have a chance to woman
"peeta is that you."
He is very squishy, isn't he?
At the Marquette game vs Villanova - the first of many tough Big East games... Hoping for a win!
Bon Voyage in the real clouds, news from the Web 2.0 show is there's a great vibe and energy in the air, should be interesting
was just as surprised as u were. So open about it!
Go down a water slide while it isn't wet and you'll understand why foreplay is so important ;) x
a Tony Dungy here & a Merrill Hoge there saying RG3 > Luck. Aaron Schatz is hinting now too. Curious to see if/how much this debate picks up
RT It's been 4 months since I wrote to Whole Foods about a chunk of glass in my takeout salad and cut mouth. Awful,
Whats up with this new fad? People carrying their dog in strollers?! Really??
By the way #furioushotmess is my new favorite hashtag.
Just bought a Selena & The Scene ringtone for when my wife calls. I'm pretty much a 14 yr. old girl now.
I'll try to convince them to drive haha
Wish I could Bill & Ted's teleport my way to Vegas today, dont feel like driving, dont feel like flying
birthday rockets!
It'll be an honor to have you in the audience dude! cc
OH SHIT!!! I just accidentally dropped that Thun Thun. Hate it when that happens.
Talk To Fans? Please(:
Sometimes I wish I was more naive, because It's more comforting to see more lambs than lions in this world
Woah follows me 16 hours ago on a Tuesday
If I could stay in bed and watch movies all day, I would. But, alas, off to Joe's. Come in on this rainy day with yo $$$.
haha yeah yeah…you are a female and brown… drama central lmfao
It's not what you know, It's who you know.
yep plus it's Friday so drinking is okay after 4pm
you are welcome.
Sometimes I wish that I was living in the 90's again, when MTV was all about playing music and less about the guidos and pregnant teens!
Ugly Meter is funny but I think ull love ScanMan when it comes out. Let me know if ure interested, I can send you a promo code!
happy to hear what good company I am in. My photography is there as well. Miss you at Juxt!
Its some good female talent out here!!!!!
I need a little more of in my cup Ol southern <f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B7> ass
Albon: protect your users! Anonymize data, let users know what their data is used for, is it anonymous? how anonymous? Risks?
. I used to name characters in grade school creative writing after Jack Tramiel. RIP. Run/Stop+Restore.
I don't know. Way to ruin my lunch, Mike. LOL
I need something to do..
We playing w/ liquor @ my bday RT I made up a game called ultimate uno and you just play w 14 cards instead of 7. Shit gets intense
Good Morning Tweeters! <3 FoLLoW Me , I AlwAyZ FoLLoW BaCk!! XoXoXoXo
Welcome to our society. You will be judged on what you wear, your taste in music, what you look like, and how you act. Enjoy your stay.
Please RT benefit Saturday 9/17 11 am American legion on kelly st. Todd Allen Herendeen will be there :) doing a new single
just saw GraceCard for 1st time..your performance was powerful and brought me to tears. Well done brother.
Today I earned my 1,000 Mile Lifetime Fitness Badge!!
Not to mention I'm lowkey paranoid...
likemind is today all over the world, and in Chicago in 90 minutes at Argo Tea @ Adams & Dearborn!
honey badger?
": #NoRespect for you if ya favorite rapper is Gucci"
uh he dif
STILL trying to fix the infected computer.. the new variant of virtuamonde is a bitch!
you can tell how bad a short film or music vid will be by the presence of credits before and after it. amateurs love credits
he gave it to himself!
Great Quote!
Way to ruin a lead rangers ugh ugh!! At least were going back to NY lets go!!
We go from 4pm - 2am, but holograms *do* get free admission, so it's not a bad idea ;)
I'm just gonna do this every Friday.
It's the same one he owned with the Brewers, pray to hell they hit it at somebody when he loads the bases.
Riley you are doing such cool things! In your words "Yeess"! lol.
"If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said a faster horse"-Henry Ford /proof that market research isn't always helpful
Happy New Year all in Blighty! #HappyNewYear!
What's going on tonight MKE? Where are YOU going?
when I miss my baby, I really miss her. I don't just tell her I miss her to satisfy her...that's weak!
Much more to tell, but I should save it for the CHE. A followup to "Twitter is Scholarship."
What matters? It all matters. No limits.
sorry I didn't realize you and your little GCF was the only perfect thing on here.
Great Way To End School!!!
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.
lol i loved science xD i guess i was a little geek
Thank you. We appreciate the honest feedback. Will pass this along to Chef Tai.
u never done , Son
maybe someday:)
Crafting away... finished my quilt and now making cute little hearts. You can never have too much love!
Exactly. I used to put a sign on the door to our upper asking that people not ring the bell.
Try Texas?(:
I have to commend for using #socialmedia effectively to restore their brand's integrity and customer's trust today.
); I'm so sad. I wasn't near my iPod or anything to alert me on twitter.</3 wahh
Come celebrate Cinco de Mayo with the Cultural Center and the Los Piratas Ensemble! There will be a fun and festive dinner served in the...
Goof wow good
Stunning. - "at least a few people ... around the league who believe last year’s draft may ... be better than this draft."
Success seems to be connected with action. Successful people keep moving. They make mistakes but they never quit ~C.Hilton
Rainin like shit cold as shit and I'm workin WTH...... Bout to go hit me something!!!
Thanks for the follow! How did you find me? #Music interests?
OKC LIVE TRIVIA :30 TONIGHT at Whiskey Chicks - $9 bucket of domestics with checkin and $5 drink specials!
Thanks a mil! We'll take it :)
you're welcome. Yours too. Will do.
"A poet can survive everything but a misprint." ~ Oscar Wilde... HAPPY WEEKEND <U+2600> Go light a fire under your feet. ;)
At this point if people are whining there is no hope for them.
Omer got a big ass slavery scratch on his arm, WTF
Nothing like a bad black and white cookie to end a trip to New York and back in one day.
how did Ishtar do? im thinking about seeing it, want to know if the box office report came back on it
Grow a beard, put on some flannel and buy a chainsaw. Oh yeah and put in some Skoal, brother - it'll work it's way back to u.
count me in!
hey! I'm really into orangey-reds for spring. Grape purple, turquoise and neons are also popular. Love peach sherbet too!
High school student develops possible cancer cure! calif-hs-student-devises-possible-cancer-cure
Bball anyone? - Anyone a Bball fan?
Regardless of which version of the origin one believes, it seems the day is here 2 stay. Money talks/BS walks. Maybe. Happy Valentine's Day.
Airfare to Glasgow for less than a grand.Its a one way ticket but I wouldnt mind staying. Plan B: rent boats from UEC
That's Right... PATS AL DAY!!! They gonna drop a MOAB on the Giants
Cassoulet didn't stand a chance. M good @ hot chocolate.
yah I like to go to the theme parks to I love rollarcoasters
RT : Ever had a yummy Terra Chip or used a Method cleaning product? Check thisout: People who quit their real jobs:...
please explain what judas is about to you?
I am holding back on a Gabby Giffords joke...
“: Nowadays "cool" means "I really don't care" "sick" means "awesome" and "I love you" doesn't mean anything.”
Glad you find FeedForall a useful generator! Let me know if you have any questions
A woman without curves is like jeans without pockets.. You don't know where to put your hands.(;
The spreadsheet you posted on the SB google group rocked my world. Do you happen to have an updated version? :)
I was expecting another outfit...
Please ntice me!!
omg me either!
I hope I can start moving today. I don't think anyone has ever said that before.
Beer tasting this morning. We sure I will.
The apple doesnt fall far from the tree.
whats going on!
Ah Love that one too!
Oh Monday.
I think 50 got Beiber stoned in the locker room
good practice this morning ....witnessed md get W ....that's everything for today!
I followed them ^.^
don't worry I'm alive and well
#ctctfb. Cover image- must represent your business and profile picture-must be your logo.
we now are connected in MULTIPLE ways.
Cool. I like professors!
You are quite the dupont bar hopper tonight! Thanks for inviting me biatch.
They so fucking irritating ...!!!!
yea.. he did a great job.
alright cool. where are we going?
Did you delete your tumblr?
Booker T wrote on Twitter that he is now undergoing training and asked his fans to wait for his return.
RT I hope the Tigers don't turn into the bosux. That will not happen!!
"make child quiet prease."
Actually, I think I was unclear. ;-)
#Linsanity is real! I just tuned in to watch the Thats gotta be the first time in this millennium
The plan was to drink until the pain was over. But what’s worse? The pain? Or the hangover?
one word... Bingo
Japanese skater Yuzuru Hanyo skated his free skate to Romeo and Juliet music. So beautiful.
To begin, begin.- Peter Nivio Zarlenga----I LOVE this...you have to start sometime so just START or you will never reach your goals!
When is someone going to hold Tracy accountable for TERRIBLE mgmt of pitching staff? RT : #Dodgers 3, #Rockies 2. 2-run 2B
Forgiveness is the giving, and so the receiving, of life
Is it wrong that I feel personal pride at just how badly Avengers beat Dark Shadows?
hey there! how are you?
We're thankful for you and your family being a part of High Point Church.
my girl got a twitter lol
Stupid Movie....wasted time of my life... wouldnt you agree???
RT : Lets talk about how awesome Discordance Axis "Flow My Tears The Policeman Said" is!
Love watchin' my wife's face when is singing. We just can't get enough of you guys. You guys are fantastic!
I got my sweats and my favorite shirt on so I'm ready for school :)! #school #friday :)!
Tired of Bitches...
Maryland Court Unleashes Canine Profiling - Bay Net
done with that spanish project. thank god.
i love it. the breitbart wankers are upset there were only 4 eyewitnesses to romney's bullying, not 5.
let's go they starting to go big.. Let's go don't disapoint me yal aha
It is 19 degrees in Ohio today. 65 and sunny in SF. So why isn't my family coming here to visit me instead...?
How did we get through the week without you??? Great to have you back!
Thank you to the culinary arts students at CATEC for the delicious meal!
Oh, come on, it's only 1:30 in your TZ. ;-) Can't apologize for being Western, though. It's where I'll probably always be (& Tokyo)
hi all, follow this great Yankees blog!
What exactly is in Chai Tea that has a calming affect on me and makes me feel better?
Librarians can watch idea and trend developments and contribute valuable sources while making contacts with their "customers." Win-win!
Do u want that BRAND NEW SHINE back on your old jewelry? Let me REFINISH & POLISH to it's original shine! $20 per piece! 206-786-8698
u are messy (and I love it) : -
Just tapped, Brewing Ruthless Rye IPA (replaces Port Brewing Shark Attack Double Red Ale)
I ONLY do long term relationship
F$ cold. April fool's joke from Mother Nature.
Have you ever asked God for something and didn't expect to get it? That's why you didn't get it
I've been out of work for so long that I've almost forgotten how to hate people
LITERALLY YOU ARE THE LUCKIEST PERSON EVER.
Can't wait to see you in PDX. Last time I was @ Hawthorne it was for Ghost, killer show.
Good job! It was good!! ;)
Did you pull any pranks on anybody today?
hey sean your right! english teacher swag right there
An economist's guess is liable to be as good as anybody else's. by~ Will Rogers
Nieuwenhuis. Say that 3 times quickly. New Mets CF.
Tim, No question RT : Your choice of future HOF power forwards, RIGHT NOW on your team who you taking, K. Garnett or T. Duncan?
S/O to my new followers, y'all dropped in just in time, stay tuned in, Haan...
Just finished my Planet Sub Hat Trick special for dinner. Thanks !
is trying to figure out why she would want to twitter
Great! I look forward to connecting with her! Hope you're doing well and coming through the winter in good shape!
dont let me get me
how was Costa Rica?
RT : Classy. Amazon keeps giving me more and more reasons to appreciate the real, live booksellers I know!
can't belive ppl are swimming! The water is too cold. look story from
you are accountable you are dependable and #itrust you lord with my heart with my life
That moment when u hit speaker instead of mute #Busted lol
Thank you! So happy they let me share the summary. Been waiting to be able to talk about it! :D
My chains fell off my heart was free. I'm alive to live for you!
I hope God has a radio because I will be listening to 11:11 even AFTER I die :)
<wave> from Drupalcon
First Take is going to be wild tomorrow
LOVE ME.
looking at the radar looks bad hope you folks are safe.
violin concert at school. 24th is out. Could do 23rd. 12:30ish?
Got to flow like water.. Quick change of strategy
$2.00Tuesdays Elevated Lounge.ALL drafts:$2.00. 25 cent hot wings and FREE pool w/purchase of any reg. menu item.Late nite w/12Tribe
is back home safe and I got him McDonalds
Happy Birthday! <3
Glad to make the connection:
Want you to think about what you lost
Dear tall man with the brown beard and styled hair - I think I love you.
Last day of class today. Good luck, grads! You are off on a great adventure.
Also a line for the bathroom at Lucas Oil Stadium.
This should be interesting.
Hey Ash! Yeah, I'm recording and interviewing them Sunday. Going to play it back on XPN2 a week later Sept. 18th.
WHERES MY CHILD SUPPORT ?! You told me I was the one ! You said youd take care of me! Bahah !(: your GRAND and iloveyou(:
I be so childish because ive never experienced being a child , ive had hella responsibility to live up to since I was 8 str8 up . PERIOD !
Everyone is talking about this "Fight" I'm not into that kind of stuff soo yeah go luck to both Boxers.. or whatever they are called I guess
- Come out to party with us - Friday, April 6th. It's gonna be so much fun!
Avery Eighteen on tap Tasty! Lots of complex Belgian yeast character.
Just ate 1/2 tsp or so of ricotta forte and, whew, that is some powerful cheese. Now I'm wondering how we'll ever get through a whole jar.
Thx for the follow, followed you back <U+E00E>
True belief in yourself + hard work = success
yeah its all in the past. Lol I had my moments aswell but yeah its all good haha
IDA's helped New Mexicans are entering colleges, universities and vocational schools and increasing the skills of the workforce.
Gosh, I hate a twitchy eye.. the old fart thinks I'm winking at him.
I'm right with you on that one
#NowWatching Human Centipede 2... Let's see how much this one sucks
Chris Bosh is out...wow!
~lmao I was talking about chris brown!
Great run this weekend for my play The Importance of Being Earnest! Looking forward to it again this Thurs-Sun 8pm, The Underground Theater!
Who's going to The Ready Set concert? This girl right here. C: XD :D
...well color me hungry! Teriyaki Burger, fries and a coke please! Anyone want to join me at the chef's table?
Happiness is takin' care of mom in her old age!
No one has ever debated that
I'd prefer Tito's Vodka. Just sayin'... Oh, you mean CJs mom. Nevermind...
I am the Equal Voice reporter. Looking forward to your tweets & photos today!
The special needs bus is picking me up at 7:05 tomorrow morning; school starts at eight thirty.
what'd you think of one of my QPR faves?
Is anyone up right now or am I the only rediculous one who is?
Cuddling in my bed all day has been so productive
How did Firefox go from the fastest, coolest browser to the dead-last slowest? I had to switch to Chrome.
you're destroying your future political career with statements like this...remember, your family was an immigrant too once.
QOTD "who has $800 for an abortion these days?"
has advocated for the Clean Energy Jobs Act. Not taking a vote on the act was a mistake.
Ready for the #Reds to rock the #Bucs tonight, and going to see the #A squads tomorrow night in #Indy. Anyone else going to #VicField Sat?
“: Boy: I really like you. Girl: Cool story bro, how many other girls did you tell that to?” Well said.
Adding a plot issue to our outline
#SwaggFAIL when you use the word "swaggie"
I follow this twitter account for updates re: the UW Surplus store. If you want to voice your opinions, start a personal account.
why is a lens cap like $13? ugh i lost mine);
Happy Birthday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
IM me at
a heart and a soul. I would never toy with someone's feelings. I wish you well and you know who you are. good luck. one day you will meet
Enjoy $3.50 Stoli Mixers and $5 Specialty Martinis along with some Live Music from 7:22 to Close. DON'T MISS OUT
I need to sleep... The sun awaits my rise...
Can't wait for Saturday!!....L.A.X. nightclub
so much Flogging Molly right now
Whole family loved us some #avengers today, then engaged in vigorous debate to determine best one. #nerdsummer off to good start!
Thanks, Bill. No hardware this weekend. Tough field.
Looking forward to Necessary Errors!
2 for 1 Hash Caps on this snowy Thursday at The Clinic!!
God sees ALL of the stuff that you have done: good & bad. Guess what? You are not damaged goods. You are worth saving. Choose Jesus.
Journalist from #HoumaCourier interviewed me this morning about reality shows set Louisiana. Found me by Googling "Professor Swamp People."
My Take: Gays are coming out on TV. Christians are, too: With regard to the food laws, God only says, "These foods shall be an abomin...
<~~believes nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending
But jst to let you know my BestFriend Devin is on my profile somehow & hes tweetin that fuck shit its not me!.
went to a killer venue lastnight at the Hawethorne. a bunch of great bands!!
obviously didn't actually click the link In my post lol
don't answer that, that's what's wrong with the internet.
I remember all y'all..
The have come to play for Tuukka Rask tonight, just like the 99 #RedSox did for Pedro Martinez. Fear The Bear!!!!
THANK YOU & host for a great #artsmgtchat. What great energy :) Have a good weekend everyone!
On our way to see Simon Morris and the (unaffiliated) Freud Explosion at Segue.
I will need u to grab the razors from Sally's today
I was about 140 shy of 300 - but it has been at least a year since I've rolled a bowling ball.
tiring -____- yours?
Congrats! Kelly Kovack Thank you to for the gold award for our design work on
Dark Shadows has to be the weirdest movie I have ever seen. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
OMG! I cannot believe I am sick for Christmas. What the hell!
Kidding :D
pulled pork sandwiches today!
Should I start Cam Newton or Matt Ryan? It's the Super Bowl today, don't mess this up for me.
you have never voted in louisianna have u not even to the turn of the century yet #1900's
how much were they? :3
“ “ Kristen Stewart: 18 movies. 1 facial expression.””
From you, anytime
are you serious your lucky thats gonna be even better i hope you have a great time
Yes! Just did a Breaking Bad marathon - have you seen it? I'll stay silent on the Killing - let me know what you think!
Need Hot Beats? Zoe Beats Is Your Man! Come Purchase Your Tracks Today! SoundClick.Com/ZoeOnTheBeat
Havent had a chance for breakfast yet...guess ill be going straight to lunch...dont know what yet though...lol :-)
a/c in the car but i still ride with that heaty
I mean, if you're working at Wal Mart, you owe it to yourself to have some fun.
will miss you kid!
You got that right and a wine cork opener too": She keeps koozies in her purse. #shesakeeper"
i can't even dress myself now. she's *so* perfect for me.
Thanks mom. For always encouraging and pushing me. I can't tell you how blessed I am to have you.
lol I love her! She's hilarious
2mi @ 8:27/mi. Not too bad considering my two-month layoff.
Spanish class sucks..
lol...I have one waiting for you!
Remember that your child may be confused or upset by an ADD/ADHD diagnosis. Stay calm and upbeat; that will rub off on your child.
I hope there comes one day cancer is just a zodiac sign.
Doron Lamb is 2nd player ever at UK to shoot 47% FG, 46% 3PFG, 82% FT or better in a season (minimum 100 attempts for each).
Cause I've got a shoot scheduled next week for my online series.
Have a production company lined up for, The Artist Trilogy that I'm pretty happy about... ;)
Rothstein showing his age! Still hanging out at Turtle Bay in NYC on Sat. Nights!
I am me, therefore I tweeted you.
Young Jeezy F.A.M.E good song!
Does anyone know when the Portland triathalon will be done?
Hold the phone! My fav lib blogger is somewhere at #pala2011? I might have a fan girl moment!
oh no! That is terribly sad! Maybe call animal control so that he can get medical attention. Please don't take him home.ha
Pub crawling with and my drinking partner
Today was a day of replacing nicotine with food. So pretty soon, I'll be banished to the realm of voiceovers.
The hatred I have for you is so strong. You don't even understand..
Tis the wrestler getting a dose of his own dry humping now!
If you do not hope, you will not find what is beyond your hopes.St. Clement of Alexandra
Front page of Sunday U-T has a feature article on a Padres player. Really??
Did you know that the non-profit arts and culture industry generates $166.2 billion in economic activity annually?
I think i drunk to much juice -____-
Injustice can be wiped out, but human clashes and natural boundaries cannot be removed.
Colin Powell~ There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation hard work and learning from failure.
Watching a call-in show from #Egypt called Masr Elgideeda where all the callers so far are praising Omar Suleiman. What is going on?
I have to say that I have occasionally watched the show myself. I actually prefer Charlotte over the other 3 girls.
RT : Social Media doesn't fit into the typical corporate structure; Earned, Owned, Shared, Paid - different depts.
At Tegel Berlin waiting for our flight to Miami. Time for some Florida Sun :)
I seriously have no life. #totesthecoolestperson<U+270C>
She just told me I ain't shit... Guess I'm proving it right now
#FunnierThanCordova 'Be kind, please rewind' stickers on a DVD.
How about that #SAA conference coming up?
believe team not actively being shopped.
Darn it Obama... took me twice as long to get through downtown Milwaukee just now.
Finally....if you take time to SHARE/CELEBRATE work of T's and S's, the info is disseminated AND the tchr knows u value them.
Great Coffee
When I look at 's pintrest I suddenly want to get married... and steal all her pins.
But the website I found says it might delete followers too.:/
Back in the home office from my first self-employed-non-paid-vacation-week-off but all is good; got a check in the mail on Saturday!
The ustream better not freeze when he starts rapping
Oatmeal with fresh strawberries from the garden. That's what I call a good breakfast!
Fitness Tip by Steve Armstrong: Quality Does Matter - Take your time in your next fitness resistance training session. Each rep you...
Isn't just absolutely gorgeous?
Thanks for the FF Chi Chi =)
Four loco on you butch ass
Please don't do this, Tito.
nah I won't I'll probably sleep a bit too. I'll actually be pissed as shit if anyone fucks with me
these days it comes, comes, comes, and goes.
It's Monday, March 19th, busy day with client showings!
Take a minute to assess your personal disaster readiness. Have an emerg savings, enuf insurance, extra food/water stored, top half g tank?
Finally finished Bitterblue! Thanks, So glad to finally read something really good after a bunch of disappointments!
Thanks! Can you think of any other dynamic father/son duos from history?
thanks for checking us out! glad you dug it.
Girls, don’t look for a boy to solve your problems, but find a boy that doesn’t let you face them alone.
Blogging and marketing and growing my professional service firm clients: accounting & law firms, etc. Meizcorp.com
Great teamwork! #headshots RT : fun, exciting, and most importantly ... SUCCESSFUL day ;)
need that one too!
hate homework
Wow, Osama Bin Laden is dead. Wow.
This SRT ain't bad yet for once .! ..... YET
That's funny you say that because we happen to love you!
Flop city
Opening our new state of the art Minimally Invasive Spine Center on March 14th. The most advances comprehensive spine center is coming soon!
Maybe you should ask the rash what it thinks.
Nice! Where on campus? One of the university's buildings?
Ron Paul up next on Greta
oof. i can only imagine...
how's the shop going my nigga???
I feel as im lowkey buff
omg No . ! thats a verse from a song Josh . ! Cx
hunter has these guys believing
congrats, that's terrific! Can't wait to read it.
Left a message yesterday and still haven't heard back yet.
i cant follow u
have had mine for over 10 years and have always been tempted to jump ship, for some reason haven't. Think I'll consider it now.
"So leaving seems the thing to do / When I'm here I'm lost in thoughts of you / And in my dreams I'm city bound...
Shout out to for being the 400th person that follows. Is it bad that he is our podcaster, and we didnt follow him?
yes and what's happening to a degree is those "silos" separating old skool ARG from other forms are breaking down...
I have no problem giving u what you want. You just gotta be willing to do the same for me. If not, yous get nothing
hey guys does any body know the person who has tweeted the most.
I tell myself every night that I'm gonna go to bed early and end up laying here for two hours on my phone <U+263A>
Must end the day while it's still today. Tomorrow will be better for it. Goodnight, world!
you didn't take a picture? :(
yes you are!!
Hey , your new album is stellar. Folks, don't miss this one. Only my first listen, but I think it's his best.
followed. follow back?
Hey tweeps, due to personal tragedies,I haven't been able to log on for almost a week. Was also sick all day and my B-day is tomorrow. I'll,
What a FAAAAAAAAAAAAILLLL!
thank you. I hope you are well. I apologize for not replying last night. Just not doing well with the stress levels.
a rice bowl from chipotle :)
i still think hanna and hobo with a shotgun were two of the best films of the year
Let's Go Blue!
I have a 4.2 image handy if that would help.
I love Spring so much! I wonder if there's correlation between month born and productivity. I swear once Spring hits, I'm focused.
I can imagine, but genealogists are usually schmitten by curators, archivists and historians. I'm sure they loved you.
aw thanks rebecca!
Trying to figure out how to buy a gun
Baker " powers 9 of the 10 top #saas providers"
Music is the Mission. Love and Light
Heyy lil brother!! we need to talk and catch up!!
#HeMo looks fierce with or without clothes. Stop acting like the girl is gonna die from a press situation. I would be celebrating that body!
Apparently, it's hard to make a rocket. RT : Entire flight time from launch to failure may have been 8-9 minutes.
RT: if you want 1000+ followers then follow "
“: fact: one person in this world is thinking about you, right now.” So, I guess is thinking about me now
Twitter / Tweet Button via
For some reason I thought Vans was still an independent company. Owned by same co as 7 jeans, North Face, Timberland, Wrangler and more.
ive never had a girl so paranoid like this
is facing an uphill battle against and , but I have to say the commercials have been excellent.
ohh shit or send it thru here , tweet it
Thank you Rachel for the follow. Nancy
I'm trying just can't understand why so many people don't see thanks 4yourcomment
NBA Draft....DC Assault Alum....Nolan Smith. Austin Freeman....Hard Work and living the right way....We are proud of you!!!
Tannehill looks great as a backup. Cousins has great awareness and could be a starter.
wtf!!! That is so cool! Can't believe we missed Pac in concert... Smh <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0082>lol
Rich people! Rite.
PREPARED. ASKED FOR MY FILE BEFORE THE MEETING! SHE PLANNED ON SLOWLY INFORMING HERSELF ON MY DOLLAR IN FRONT OF ME.
nice! Writing any new songs?
Protect yourself at all times.
i miss your attitude.
I want a pair of Jeremy scott Adidas and Ronnie fieg Asics
#astdrmc-denison starting session so exciting!
Thanks for following along!
I agree, if he doesn't have a second song, he won't make it. !
Nice to see you on twitter!
I'm Proud of be a Stan, and I don't care if you think Eminem sucks or something... #TeamShady knows he's the Best.
Just gagged...I have ink...but I can't see myself doing the whole implant fad, especially to hold my nano on as a wrist watch!
Why is nothing working right today!!!! everything just wants to break i guess
Lots of thought provoking discussions about sexism encounter as a women in a technology field at #SheCon and how to overcome skepticism.
Good morning mr smith is in the building #kanye flow
When my cell phone or ipod dies a piece of my soul goes with it
"BUZZ BUZZ" <-- Only Mahomies know what is that. (:
Always a pleasure Andy! Great to meet Sammy & Alex. Be safe traveling gents!
check out my new blog www.bowlingdo.com
Clash Magazine live on StrongroomAlive : Friends - Friend Crush *SINGLE OF THE WEEK*
right, but having the FedEx option on the tickets sometimes or most times seems unappealing. I would love more flexibility on that.
Oh this preggo is gonna have to try that! =)
Joseph Rockwood alone is guilty of stealing rum and will receive ten lashes upon his bare back at the head of his regiment.
Pam Brown~ Odd how much it hurts when a friend moves away- and leaves behind only silence.
RT : I hate winter.me to
Yup yup
Iowa Caucuses kick off the Presidential Election Season tonight! Stay with ABC5 for all your caucus updates!
Something about a plain white V and dark wash Levi's is #clean and
hey people
Redwood Trust, the only firm to publicly issue jumbo MBS the past two years, earned just $1 million in the third quarter
What are you reading?
the same one who didn't want black people wearing his clothes hm": Flying helicopter to have dinner w friend
I will when I'm ready to talk
I'm gonna be driving in that :p
Last night's convo with my bf >>>
Of course, ketchup in moderation. Tune in for Jim Cunningham and Connie Ruzich on QED 89.3 at 10:00 live with a recap of Pollan's remarks.
I wish my allergies would calm down so I could breath and go to sleep...its almost 4:30 AM and here I am still awake.
Lowndes county interpretive center
you gotta go on a diet too boo
I'm happy to do it, if you need a break.
Tired but my mind is wide awake
to upset to tweet...
"[People] thought that Neeson would have a bigger presence." Hate to break the news, but Neeson's in virtually every scene.
lol yep.I know some have 1 here & there but my 1st PG gave me so many health problems figure better safe then sorry
I'd lost 6lbs!!b yeah!!
Got some rest 2 weeks ago, did some soul searching. Other than that, eat, sleep and work. :) Did go watch Alice in wonderland. :)
just thinking about the extreme assault on women's health care rights that is #HR3. come on, america.
Sad news! RT : Goes without saying, #SoonerNation's thoughts and prayers go out to Austin Woods and his family.
What did you conclude, specifically?
hahah havnt heard that description yet haha oh well, now we both have botched hair jobs, $400 down the drain...#WorthIt?
smh at these phil jackson coaching the #magic rumors
I once found a neighbor browsing in my garage when I was working in the yard. Hope you still have all your stuff. ;)
Not sure why my twitter feed is acting weird, looks like being censored/monitored or something. Dont mind that, just let the darn thing wrk.
So much stupid shit happens at Glen Este
dont be a menace to society while drinkin your juice n the hood...teehee
Serious everyone should watch the video that I tweeted from #EqualLoveEqualRights Educate yourselves people
went2the prk&got draged in the grass by my dog!!had so much fun it was hilarious i couldnt stop laughing i was just laying thr on the ground
Suits...best show of the summer
some got in $ASKE yesterday at .0013 look at it now blowing up
Happy Mothers Day, Very thankful for both my mom and my wife, the two best mothers anyone could ever ask for. A true gift from God
I think the last poll # I saw was 65% of Dems & 57% of independents were for it. Not overwhelming majorities.
I'm lovin it?
Its rare to hear someone mention the Kuleshov effect in their writings on film these days. Well done, great read!
baked sweet potatoes all day, sweet potato!
Now following follow back!
Glad to know the wheels are turning (quickly) on theatrical distribution for our film UrFRENZ!
Sager has such a pretty punim. :)
Yay! On to Season 5! QT : You tell Walter, I knew the dog wouldn't hunt.
I was only able to hold plank for 1 minute. Gotta get stronger. Well, time to stretch & recover. Night.
Sounds like this Bulls/Jazz game might turn into 3 on 3 basketball.
RT : Wouldn't it be funny if we found out tomorrow that the iPad was an April Fool's joke? Yeah, pretty frickin' hilarious.
nice meeting you!
Have a safe trip and see you soon!
Listening to author of The Radical Leap Reenergized: Doing What You Love in the Service of People Who Love What You Do.
At this damn 5 hour course! -_-
Randal, this time they blogged expenditure of energy
Putting in a new invisiline retainer <<<
Holy shit we won. This is how the last turn went:
I second that! :)
Best afternoon in Rome, yet. Can't say enough about the amazing community of people I've met on my travels.
Come join Tues Dec-22. We are having our annual customer appreciation night 6pm-close. Complimentary appetizers, Prizes and music by paris!
follow emma watson
#Bruins go up 3-2 early in the 3rd period!!!
It is amazing what research is finding out about the brain. Everyone may be able to read minds in the future.
You know you're out east when: you see a sign for a ButterBees... What is that?
Why didn't anyone tell me i had bad math. How embarrassing.
if you're in LA come to tonight and see my boo perform. she will definitely give u a show..
Morning. Tired as ever about to have jazz at 9
Going out to get all the #desserts I can for Boston Bakes! The journey begins shortly!
I win men over with my vulgarity. I'm sucha charmer.
Off to see Mount Vernon and tour the Capital today
Come by the new Maple Street Bookshop at the Healing Center and you can also check out Fatoush for coffee, breakfast and sandwiches.
That is awesome! what R U exhibiting? What on the agenda interests U? See U in a 4 months :)
computer storage
Possible mini mutiny going to go down in class today. I'm interested to see how it goes.
So far we are just the source of the materials. We are looking for ways to expand the collaboration, though.
they call it mabus
thanks for the follow! Happy Friday!
We <U+2665> Jessica&#39;s DIY Gel Nail Removal Kit!
is hosting the World's Largest #BakeSale in NY's Grand Central Terminal, hoping to go down in the Guinness Book of World Records!
Bot ----> RT 99% of tweets at 3am (on a Sun nt) appear to be auto/scheduled. Lame.
communication isn't saying what we want, its listening first, making a connection - then communicating. Let's be a bridge, not a bulldozer.
From my experience in looking online for a new place to live, "charming" is a pleasant way of saying "the neighborhood is terrifying"
Went to yoga; ran 2 miles; lectured on the paradigms, theories, and models of #informationbehavior and its not even 1pm!!
There's coffee here but no fixin's. Thwarted! :-/
if Hanna reports us we might get suspended from the bus...
Stain on paper/instead of a poem.
To bad I'm shyy
He wanna talk crazy to me,,, ****I'm think n ,,, he need to save that shit,,,
"The heart's memory eliminates the bad and magnifies the good."
What would you do if I told you that I la, la, la, la, loved you? Cause you know I la, la, la, lie.
Pray that God turns your fear into
ohh,ive been wanting to know b/c since ALOT of girls love vinny and i thought you probably were so stressed, making it.
#ifjuicyjretweetsme ill know its real.
#everyone follow celebrity cheers
*I get drunk. I leave
Bad timing for a CC to expire. is back. #mw2012 cc
Funny how regular citizens like us follow the law better than at lest some officers.
your followers dont matter if theyre not organic! i appreciate you, my followers. youre all organic. the way i like you!
As would I. RT If you took my #bacon away, I'd be angry too.
Nice! Congrats. That's a really nice milestone.
Me and getting some Indi's. S/O to for the idea. How you live in Louisville and never had Indi's????
ya miss going to CAvs games but they are coming here in march so I'm going
When u coming RT hey, love! How's Cali? Nevermind, I'll find out myself this summer ... lol
is on glee!!! Everyone watch!!!!
ted, your links be ded :(
Holla at me on facebook.com under Tone Goods
another reason why we don't need a third methadone clinic at Newmarket.
new shirt, shoes and sunglasses.
It's an Alanis Morissette "Jagged Little Pill" kinda day. Man, she still rocks.
RT : I'm really loving the name of the new iPhone. It really rolls off the tongue. iPhone 4ssssss.
: Thanks for your comment on the BigOven iPhone app. (I'm the author/CEO.) Any comments welcome!
Most likely my last tweet since the world is suppose to end today...wait for it, wait for it...
#FF 2 amazing supporters this week!
Happiness is not a future event. -Joe Fortenberry
haha you could say that.
First Friday night at home spent baking and watching gilmore girls
Thanks Christiane! looking forward to it and great to stay connected.
BOOM!!! 16-6!!!! HUNT & DON'T STOP TIL U GOT A HEAD UP ON YOUR WALL!!
Thinking of #Seattle #Remodeling, or #horse #riding for #vacation? Contact for #remodel or for
How the crap are the Royals about to sweep the other Rangers? Whuck.
Oregon: Aaron Brooks, Luke Ridnour and Fred Jones. ALL THE BACKUP GUARDS!
Stand Out is unavailable on ! Bummer! Gimme a second fave track from that soundtrack :)
Absolutely! It looks amazing, but its not like you need any makeup. You are already great looking.
cleanin house wit mah sugar baby!!!!!
haha. i don't know how much work i'd get done then.
This hurts me to watch
not exactly a shocker
she's not that evil <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Survived the lake house on Friday the 13th:)
whoa hey
Talking to Senator Rod Adair who I will miss mightily.
I stopped liking delicious #Fijiwater when they put the word "mouthfeel" on the back of the bottle.
Please follow me! I <U+2665> U!
Also, do you think there's directive to the camera ops to get Bieber in every other shot?
Hungry and tired.
with Tiago emerging more with every game, you think that Duncan might stick around longer for The Two Towers Part Deux?
What. A. Trade.
Congrats to the University of #Kentucky and Anthony #Davis on a great year of basketball.
Welcome! Have a good day!
Matt, we're just testing the cutting edge beta build & should have an update out soon. Stay tuned!
I would prefer to have a dick.
hahahaha oh snap I can't remember becauseI was always doing both of or work -_- plus helping robert as well
Just learned: Ken Day, one of the good guys, just died on the operating table. RIP, Kenny.
negative sir !
Not to be rude or anything, but i really don't give a fuck.
Become a force for ALL to reckon with. LIVE WHAT U BELIEVE! W/ no fear of being EXPOSED! NO WHERE to go from here, but DOWN! L Mc & D Lee
we've thought bout it but we'll beat the shit out of each other as a couple
I ain't tall enough tho.
Yes we already know you don't need anybody's approval but why come to twitter to let people know? You fucking asshole!
This 'Red Riding' Yorkshire murder trilogy is really really creepy. #I'm hooked tho'
Am i bad? Am i hazard to your health?
So excited to go see think like a man with my favoritest people in the whole world :) and ....
The smell of rain is so good! Inspiring!
I can't stop listening to City & Colour - "Hello, I'm In Delaware"
Bus packed this morning. Welcome back #uwmadison students!
i love looking at Justin's profile and it saying follows you. its just amazing that he actually noticed my account for a min.
Drinking wine after a rousing game of checkers and uno with Doo. I heart wine. M wine. Makes my brain mushy and warm. Hurray!
Ball so hard.
Then they sent 2 more. 1 sayin all passes can go to indoor facilities
answer my text, child.
Been off the grid for a month. The wedding was the best night of my life! I'm back in reality now....
is beauty finds on budget funds! Facial and a blowout? Don't mind if I do!
#nowplaying "A Moment To Myself" by from 'On How Life Is'.
DigitalStakeout software to monitor mass events in social media will be at LAwScomm Booth #2070 at
The whole hodgson England Gaffer and nick barmby being suspended has completely been off my mind today.
don't laugh at me. Need another big event to happen.
what it is bruh
Don't B afraid 2 give up the good 2 go 4 the great
I want a girlfriend.
#NP Arnej - The Day Will Come (Original Mix Edit)
Why is LS always getting threats of some kind.. Today we got a bomb threat now i'm heading home the only good thing is theres no school now
Live-tweeting "NBC Must-See TV" panel over on , if you're interested.
you listen to great music!
It is never a good idea to tell someone they smell like a Dorito.
Talent and infrastructure—not sales—should dicate growth.
I love when someone tweets something so relatable but they ruin the tweet by adding a curse word into it.
You care about followers and I don't !!!! :)
Round trip or one-way?
HAPPY BIRTHDAY HOLLAND!
A has the option of betting whatever he wants to (max being the stack he was moving) and B is committed to call?
couldn't agree more
Are you not the guy in the tight white trousers?
Want to gallery sit Great Gifts @ The Bridge this December? Tweet @ me. Must commit to at least 2 shifts to get the 30% discount.
Well at least I'm up before 3pm. Tried to get up @ 10am, but, it didn't work. Today I will turn my daily life frowns upside down. Funk
haha it's confusing at first, but once you get it it's the most addiciting thing ever.
I'd imagine homeless people aren't the biggest fans of little dogs wearing sweaters.
not understand?? he does not like Justin? / My love you JUstin very
you and I both know there is more to a mass effect game than ONLY the gameplay itself.
Visited the Newseum in DC yesterday. Terrific, moving exhibit on the Berlin Wall. I was there in 1986. Seemed permanent as the Alps.
Thanks for following our blog! Let us know if you ever have any article suggestions
I love The Gits! Mia was so talented.
It's hair raising when my clients "get it" and get a huge ROI!
(And offensively gorgeous but that's another story..)
I love it
DO IT TODAY........I may very well be illegal tomorrow.
RT : #pedscount2012 who's a ped? How about seniors, students & others who need affordable housing near transit?
All I wanna do is lay down on my bed and take a nap [:
Watch Live CNN on www.tncnews.com
you're almost an adult!
#WhenAustin pranked us on ustream that he was already in Canada. "I'm in Canada now, with the moose...and uh...yeah. Just kidding, I'm here"
I just watched Chinatown for the first time last night & wow was Jack Nicholson a handsome SOB.
I'm sure Mitchell knows some places!!
Furthermore, we knew the site had to be 'Advertise To Cure Cancer' in order to catch people's attention - anything else just wouldn't do it.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME I'VE WAITED TOO LONG FOR AN ANSWER AND FOR A DM FROM YOU :((
It looks like a beautiful day to be at #CentralPark today. But it's so darn c-c-cold out!
Don't worry, we should have Vanilla Porter back on tap by Wednesday! Fall's here: time to drink porters, oktoberfests, browns...
I thought you were going to the PJ concert
Those moments when your in such a happy mood and you cant stop smiling :D
#givemeabreak I jus got home from school!
Monday Funday! Can't wait to get down on some free food and another crappy 80's movie. I think those two things should get married.
At Francis Scott Key Elem/Middle to celebrate 10 years of NFTE's work in entrepreneurship edu in South Baltimore.
I'm fucked up
TCAS.3 HOURS.Yes!!<3 Good luck EVERYONE who was nominated. I just really hope and win.They deserve it!
Sad: the realization that you are too old to handle the crowded bars. At 7:00 pm.
Why is youtube going to delete the baby video ?
Each day is a gift, not a given right.
why do people make their profile pictures on twitter of other people?
Better watch out cuz I'm going on a following supree
Like and in their fights. I really like Josh Thomson but I have to wonder if he's 100%. Close fight.
#IfItWasUpToMe Life would be Naked
No empirical evidence offered. When was the last time an effete New Englander ran away with the SC GOP primary?
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-35
Lmfao!! I get it:p RT : Eric's right arm is bigger than his left!.. E hahaha!
Does anyone have a fogger/smoke machine for sale?
don't think so... I don't see any shortcuts for that in the settings files
Über-Hipster Meta-Pumpkin only shops for Halloween costumes on Amazon UK. It's not European, it's NORTHERN European.
I love new york so much. can i move here?? Its amazing! ~Devin.Anne<3
follow back please :)
Everybody go follow he is an Amazingg singerr! And he deserves to get to 1000 followers! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009F>
Wishing my friends the best of times this summer, you will be missed. I'll hold down BG for y'all. :)
I always feel uncomfortable going topless when I'm getting a spray tan.
Good morning. No hurry, just trying to figure out how some people can be allowed on the roads.
Now testifying: Acting Dir of Ofc of Safe and Healthy Students Dave Esquith.
Posting under pen name more than here. Need to make more of an effort.
Hate and Me, that's an Odd Couple
- It was hilarious. Stumbled upon this last night. People dancing w/o a care in the world. Music blaring. Good for those folks.
It's a pretty big deal... At least in my mind.
Me myself and i
every week
I think Newt decided on 'cheerful' because it's his safe word.
Twisted Shamrock. Fundraiser. Won a basket! Fingers crossd 4 the Sox tickets :)
#DBUalum, did you play a sport while you were a student? Tell us about it!
cool story bro!! Haha (:
they should sell pat's hair on ebay.
some people like to start shit
a lot to study lately :(
At for Penn Brew U! Marzen is back! Always nice to have a pint before noon! Bonus: listening to chat about lagers!
if you loved Erik Benson at Edward Tyler Nahem, don't miss his prints on ArtStar & at the affordable art fair! They're flying out the door..
L train's fucked. Routing detour to maximize time/ability to read The Sugar Frosted Nutsack.
I propose Mother's Month in lieu of Mother's Day. Nine months of growing a baby earns you at least that, right?
Thank you, for the exquisite Little Red print. It's just stunning.
“: Don't be content with average....average is just as close to the bottom as it is the top”
Every time I see Martin Sheen in something I am beyond impressed. Just watched the way and I am still floored by his performance.
Stay tuned for the website video of the fall 2011 djembe percussion corps crew in Oct: 55 teens & only 30 spots.
All your tweets are belong to us. RT : These are not the tweets you're looking for.
Stephen Anderson to meet with Austin officials: "At a later date"
Super rude! Hate rudeness.
listening to music!! Falling asleep
Offshore wind works for marylanders and our future!
Twitter your ways elude me. Why is Glenn Close trending right now?
only one?
Aha! Someone asked me to marry him today... How cute! Typical day at #DitchFriday. LoL!
We will also have tickets for the show on Friday at Polaris mall today from 7:30-8:30pm in front of Sbarro.
Fear is a demon that haunts us. We have to face it rather than run away from it.
Go To Hell D.j. ! I Hate Meek Mill !
Oh no! It's so cold. Not cold and rainy, please.
That's ok! Music makes us rich, life makes us rich. We may not b where we wanna b, but thank God we're not what we used 2 b.
Dammiiiiit spilled coffee on my Astros Jersey.... Havent spilled anything on me all week I knew this streak wasn't gonna last long
yo..everyone who listed to the show..and the people who followed us...I appreciate the love
With each cycle of struggle we go thru,we get a little closer2solving the riddle of our life. Just hard2see that thru the merkiness of life!
I just checked in at Richmond, CA using the Amtrak mobile application
We played the lego creationary game last night and it was crazy fun.
And who would have thought a movie about Facebook could possibly be #1 at the box office three straight weeks!!!
Happy to wrap up a really intense week. I think I'm going to get naked and masturbate in the streets to let off some steam.
thank you Tamara! ;-)
Can't wait for today to be over! All Yankees, all weekend! Kissimmee & Miami...can't wait! Monday off to recoup :)
Hubris is rampant.
nice! yeah, i'm not so sure about the goto. this is a meetup after all. might be cool todo a goto "meetup" in the future tho
I love my Mac. Just sayin' :D Good luck - that sounds like a really annoying issue
Does anyone know what room and building we are in for tonight's class?
Damn....those autopsy results for Whitney tho...yikes!
Good night. xx
My election is today. Can you give a guy some help and remind Austinites to vote for Kris Bailey! Thanks man!
you need to come peform in maine!!
My super power is to slap people upside the head when they need it most. No need to thank me. Just doing my job.
Lmao One Of Things Hurt
I need that triumphant pig book immediately.
Benny Benassi TIX $25 in hand right how at SUEDE if you want them I got them 602.348.1722 almost sold out so call right now or text. Thank u
Sorting out & organizing the people I follow...looks like it's going to take a while...a multi-day project...at least i have lil scrappy :)
Bought a new book "The Love Dare" 40 Days to become a better spouse. I think us guys need all the help we can get.lol
#SantaClausBroughtMe a #BBGun for #Christmas when I was 10.. My #Parents had to get me the #GlassEye though..
Hope you elect to VOTE. Thankful, we, as American's CAN.
The Galactic Senate suspected cheating when the clones score identically on their standardized tests.
Why can't I say "boobies" with a straight face but "bubbies" is perfectly fine?
Question for the ladies. When are you going to start wearing body suits again?
U turn ur cellphone off while sitting in the far back while pilots turn their iPads on while sitting in the cockpit.
you need some good ol fashioned chicken soup
I hate texting people first: I feel awkward, annoying, and unwanted.
What are we reading here at Allerent? "Viral Loop" by Adam Penenberg. Check it out and let us know what you think!
I think the pre-roll 10 second commercials in YouTube videos are effecive. They really get your attention while you wait for your video.
I am all for the Bucks trading Brandon Jennings-but if we get Pao in the trade, I vow to never cheer for the Bucks again!
yes we are. And we never get sick of hearing it. (Or of being right, but that's another story)
Sorry it's called American Stuffers...too busy bawling my eyes out
you will see this, but just not rt right?
is now featured as "new & noteworthy" and "staff picks" on the #Itunes store! Let's celebrate with a download!
Cool were playing at the door in dallas with chiodos oh sleeper falling in reverse attack attack and more you should go :)
As a die-hard, right or wrong, win or lose Lakers fan, we expect you to say that. But Kobe's impact & numbers aren't the same.
All start up business's will take a little time to build clientele but you must keep working!
Yes, sounds like you are having a good time! Now Colin is living there too!
It's raining here! And, spending the day with my mom(: Reply to me on Kik. Please? It's important.
Heard about a diet that consists of 30 mins of exercise and only 300 calories a day. Ladies, please don't ever do this. That's not beauty :/
Heading to #SXSW this year? Then please check out Full sound design & mix done by the Monkeys of
Have you been to iBar for wings yet? If not, we're so going for wings & beer! Only wings I'll eat in this city.
MY dudes out here single and slanging dingalang to all the ladies, do yourself a favor and #wrapitup! Having a baby momma aint fun!
anytime girlfriend c;
What happens when you get a tricycle, a monkey, and a bottle of lighter fluid?
Fake people <<<<
Interesting point. Does a learner know when he/she is learning?
i was there when you said forever and always...you didn't mean it baby.
thx, bunny knuckles! I might try to call and organize a Thursday night appt in 2 weeks…
it's so annoying! so I have to correct people!
Happy happy Friday twitter followers! What are the weekend plans?
me too, Matt kemp is going 0-3
Where do you like to golf in the winter months?
Thank YOU for an amazing Holiday Red Carpet Bash! Pictures from the Red Carpet, Joan, and more to come...
Hoping all of you are surrounded by love tonight ...and everyday.
Ceiling exploded and it started to pour...3E overran their tub. Not a home unless it's raining stanky water...
haters are my motivators
doors open at 6pm!!!
Birmingham: discussion boards most popular in online classes, narrated Power Points & audio captured lecture are growing in popularity
Swamp ass.
Love is defined by action, not feelings. Feelings may accompany the love. Without the foundation of commitment feelings & passion will fade
Haha nice job bringing back chick in the store from season 1 Ah LOL
Yeesh. If Ibaka's hitting mid-range jumpers, this Thunder team can seriously take out the Spurs.
Me too, but my sense of relief is epic.
Real Talk " A rainout would be ideal for the #Orioles tonight, would it not?"
You're awesome. Thanks for the RT!
Congratulations team!
ugh. I do NOT like the new twitter. damn it.
Both the Volkswagen club of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee Model T Club will be featured in the parade on Saturday of German Fest!
Thank You for voting us Best International Cuisine in 's Best of the Holidays 2011!
Its weird sitting in a meeting, watching your useful skills become obsolete.
Thanks for following, Rachel!
It is the passion that is in a kiss that gives to it its sweetness; it is the affection in a kiss that sanctifies it. ~CB
Yes! Ehmagawd, they def. need the Fashion Police.
Merry christmas n Angels
Great meeting today! Thank you all!
Great dinner last night with friends...Teaching today and waiting to hear on a couple of films...
At least they don't have to play Wigan anymore.
Ya that's right ill still knock on my friends door and ask if they can play
he was in like the second row by the row. Black shirt. Lol
had a great time at first Friday in Largo. what a great pirate invasion!
Been sitting here doing absolutely NOTHING, since 5 :/
Horse country?
About to hop in the shower again haha <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+009B><U+0080>
I like wake and baking even though I was still baked from the night before. Haha
Just finished day 2 of "Plyocide". Holy hell I have literally never worked that hard in my entire life. Already hurting
Rain has come out in #mortalkombat Everyone be afraid!
just kidding me wuv you
I couldn't agree more!
my thoughts exactly! Best hosts ever!!!!! “: Thanks for everyone who stopped by our booth at SDCC, we will see you soon!!!”
great to be together here too! Xo
just had an amazing rehearsal with my background vocalists!! I swear they have the voices of Angels. You will weep.
Avengers was a badass movie!!
haven't been up in the chopper yet!
Yeah huh.
Haha! I wish. but I should stay in w/Miles tonight. Can't wait for Friday -- I'll get the full summary of the event then! :)
So you like me but your not gonna talk to me ? Cool .
Now the only thing I feel inside my chest is all this regret. I never should have let you go, but I let you go.
Creepy, yes. As a retired certified fraud examiner interested in language uses & abuses, this is intriguing.
Not very nice of California to keep that important info to themselves.
You should see him feast...he's like a mantis. #It'sAlwaysSunnyInPhiladelphia
Thanks for the follow !!!!!
If its all night long then Im ur man. First, Ill suck ur titties
BREAKING: RT : It is now considered acceptable to end a sentence with a preposition.
haha legit. Whats new with you dude? I think im gonna be in LA soon!
I'm writing my review now and thought you might like the film. I loved it!
FYI. Bron only at 70% free throw shooter same w/ d. Wade. Can't be to shocked when they miss
definitely!!! They will be bffs
Robin, did you get my email about the Data Assessment Instrument you used? (Maybe I had the wrong email addy)
I'll get the imperial pizza
I didn't! It was this past Friday. So late notice. I didn't even know it was that Friday :/
Damn I step on a nail today, it did not feel good
I have this issue, that where I like to write can very from the house, office, coffee shop, or just a roadside stop.
The web and video conferencing services will help them to deliver the message confidentially and also quickly.
The only way the US sees anything close to $2 gas is if oil speculation is illegal. Name a GOP candidate that signs up for that?
message was sent in error via campus alert system. Explanation is forthcoming. WHEW
i was geekin n the supervisor black n he cute u can tell he young (; but i cant go doe.bt i notice wen u single im in a relationship
please follow your huge Arianator ! She loves you so much! Please make her dream come true. <U+E328> 31
It is Small Business Saturday, are you shopping local today?
IMLS director Susan Hildreth talking equitable access at #webwise. OHMS interface will do that for #oralhistory for free!
Got sucked into seeing scream 4.. w and Mel.
oh yes! Those are amazing!
Went to screening tonight of God Bless America. Great movie, loved it. Bobcat was there, dude is hilarious.
Um, think Andrew Luck can buy a new cell phone now??
You still want the foams?
(Con't) Church, school, gym. As long as it's legit, we're willing to negotiate.
My Soulmate,The Moon: Science of the Vampire on iTunes
but you touch one everyday? I do got a point there don't I?
Hat trick Staal
It's 6 here...but 8 there!!
New twitter sucks!
Today is the first day of my performance internship at Redmoon Theater! Pretty hyped!
Q3 a pound of beef for each guest!
Hey want to talk to FOX 5 NEWS about your find today??! Tweet at me.
Today is beautiful! How is everyone today?
A big bit x
but he didn't!!!! Go Giants
yyeaah! they'll probably have some too!
no doubt G y'all had a good time chilling, cuz thats my celly haha M O B with that NO KUTT pearl off the brick
Aw yeah but last year has been a while lol
no, but you could probably drink a bloody mary
can I enroll my child for chapter 220 online.
Just bought my first scratch ticket ever. Better win enough money to buy a movie quality chewie mask.
Went to events center where they usually hold bigger poker tourneys. The crowd seemed old. I start to register then find out it's bingo.
What special offers do you have? I stayed here a week last week, & looking at 5 days this one... (University HW in Durham)
Holy crap. Just tuned into Miami-NY Knicks. Are we sure the Knicks have 47 points and that number isn't inverted.
Happy Holidays! Tune in and watch Kimbriell Kelly on Perspective today at Noon.
And then it gets thrown in the trash ;)
;-). Oh, OK. I'll be patient. It's like cliffhanger. Are pics you've shared with iPhone 4 (or u still on 3G like me). Look great!
Taylor swift is making songs about my life, i'm pretty sure.
I always feel like I'm tempting #fate when I change the seat assigned to me... my soul mate could have been seated in 21D
Watching Brian Williams special. No disrespect intended, but Lieberman and McCain just seem so out of touch, non factors. Sorry.
You know oddly enough I thought of you today while on the farm.
Neon panties on tan skin >>>>>
I miss having someone to talk to
Wiped. Bedtime. Goodnight.
april 28 BEST DAY IN EARTH jk :)
you should have it now (:
Doing well! Busy day at the office per usual.
#YouShouldntEver question the good things in life, cause you'll never no how good they actually were till they slip right under you.
..Dead Hooker In A Trunk currently playing on the Sundance Channel!!
Viana > Martins, at least for me. =/
Come on out to fish city, Preston/Royal for a little fat tuesday celebrating. We'll be there, 6:00-10:00
All I want is broccoli cheddar soup in a bread bowl. Preferably delivered.
Will catch Lucinda Williams at House of Blues on 3/9. She played the Orpheum a few years back and was absolutely kickin'!
Jade...Can we change Philthadelphia to BBQadelphia!
- idea for Dear Taiwan Part 2 - capture footage of the discussions post screenings in various cities/countries
Next Thursday night the dead walk!!
With ea 4-5 star rating for SKID OUT, I feel a little more anxious about - its release will be here b4 I know it. *faints*
what are everyones top 3 suggestions they would tell a beginner just strarting out in day trading???
on a mission not to let it happen!!!
He is only going for 3 months(: At least thats what i heard IT BETTER BE TRUE OMG
your video on YouTube with your grandma put me in a good mood:) just saying and you are super cute :)
Hayden hates bacon? This... this calls for reflection.
Here's a silly question for other students: Do you print articles to bring to class or just pull them up on your computer?
thanks man !!!! U want peyton or what lol
hey how you be girrrrrr hey send me a message how I change my back drop???
I was leaning towards duplicates of bourne penises. but that works too lol.
Photography tip I shared today while teaching at Univ of Notre Dame of MD. You can #photograph subjects with their back to the sun.
#TwSIG Hashtag overload is not good twittering. Every word cannot be a tagged word: must read and not "choppy" . have to understand it!
i heard somewhere that chad's best friend was black... oh wait i heard it from chad. like 30 times.
10 Points Define A Good Restuarant Website: 9. Find the best staff.
#Notnopunks u rock Chris brown Note-nice material!
#np Springsteen. Maybe we underrated the album
Great game w/ a great ending. Hope u enjoyed ur first bowl game! :) Go Stanford!! RT : Hanging out with ! :D
go for Kosama (:
Can yu please follow and let her know that i sent yu!! thankss so much xo
Finishing a race can give you the passion you need to make exercise a lifestyle.
probably the only team that won't make it to the playoffs to even lose a game
Up late , up early ! #hardwrk. Is what we showin ! ABM. A way of life ! Now let get it !
Blake Wheeler is a god! We are lucky to witness his glory this evening.
don't give up!
it's the haircut I got. I don't think that I do but, my friends do.
Just keep laughin, just laughin, what do we do, we laugh, laugh, laugh
Don't forget- Marshalls @ Town Brookhaven Grand Opening Today! Check it out.
You. Me.
The #1 reason to shop Cyber Monday... No pepper spray. Shop mobile early and often.
Personalized Diaper Bags: Bibbity Rinse &amp; Roll Bib 2-Pack - Green ...
you have a certain level of stardom yourself RT : BuildingMoxie Only know via B.Moxie post fame! :)
#strength and #perseverance = #determination!
sorry, we had issues with our email and phones! We will return the call! :)
I'm watching The Voice. You remind me Cee-Lo
Congratulations to you guys!
Unreliable people piss me off
This. RT : If train travel is supposed to be affordable, why does it cost $200 to go from BWI to NYC?
Side and still live with her at 21 and act like she's ur wife is just creepy
R.I.P Whitney
T.U.G AKA Shoot Out Gang NiGga
Have you decided about playing over seas?
If you can appreciate my nerdy side, we can vibe together.
Cutting all my hair off after work...and getting cold feet. Eek!
So happy. Tried something new and nail it. Stop by the Long Beach #farmersmarket tomorrow & find out.
They r so hot!!!! I love u guys! Go One Direction!!!
haha! Well I'm glad at least someone got to enjoy the brownies! Major #fail leaving those at your office!
This lawsuit does not refute the public school status of charter schools, it asks abt. firing practices.
John Frusciante's solo stuff is very good... Very good indeed.
Why did you get suspended from your fan account?x
Filling out paperwork and dreaming of CXC-ing.
was hoping the clips would win tonight because I thought series would start earlier, now I hope they lose!
If I wish you luck, and you win, does that mean I get the other #Timbers ticket? Hahahhaha
I JUST GOT A TWEET LIMIT. FML
I'm at the SPN sharing culture event . Boring
i like see you doing boxing bahaha, i love u so much<3
I can be funny as shit at times...
I just e-mailed you
ha! You can have my half if you'd like...geeZe
If someone broke out into a song randomly like they do on musicals, i'd join them.
Sapong is SO good at absolutely hassling the defenders.
If you have less than you started with it means you lost. In this case you lost 2 Spin it
National Lab Day is at the #NCTM Conference in San Diego! Come visit us at booth 2046!
Typical! I get another chance to hang out with that sexy guy and my truck is getting fixed! WTF! This guy is hot as hell. My luck sux!
Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders smooth as ravens claws. - J. Morrison
My favorite gym snack? Baja chick taco, 14 grams of protein, less than 200 cals.
Call us to find out how you can get FREE CROWN MOULDING installed into your home. At Mr.D's painting " we love to paint " 619-562-5848
parents are x'd should be a great fucking weekend
Happy 2 announce our Modernist Versions Project w/ and Susan Schreibman got generous funding by
The world is a university & everyone is a teacher.When u get up make sure u go to school
Music video today!
WGN’s Suppelsa steps aside for alcohol rehab
What does it say about me that I'm following more ppl than follow me?
oh right! I will. I am on the wrong computer again but PROMISE, I will soon
Collide with the sky.
baked chicken asparagus mashed potatoes and gravy
Cold nights are perfect for stop motion making!
At #vperal on team #vpearl6 working to use VR worlds for historical scenario evaluation for learning platforms
Some of my favorite players in the #draft: K. Cousins, L. James, Isaiah Pead, A.J. Jenkins, Eric Page, Mychal Kendricks, Trumaine Johnson
ahaha i think this account was linked to my myspace a couple years ago
I'm great. You?
Good morning! The dawn of a new day! Happy Tuesday!! :)
#IfYouCheatOnMe we cant be friend
Thanks for the RT of 's tweet - good stuff!
the fans crashed 's system. Down all day.
Check that. I hated Gholston at MSU. I just rooted against Worthy because he wore Green and White. Glad to have him in Green and Gold.
thanks..well u shouldn't be so silent all the time be saying hi once in a while
Morning hospital tour of the baby wing & afternoon house hunting with and now motorcycle ride with Adam on this perfect day!
Its only fitting our Government Affairs Committee is meeting during NATO week, right?!
ahh how dare you. I miss Lins..I won't even get started on HDS.
RT : China prepares to dump Dollar. Media puppets continue to pull wool over the eyes of American sheeple.
they are messing up real bad!!! Can't even play... TreyArch SUCKS!!!
yes was packed, the freaks were out fo sho! next time gurl!
paint ball sounds dope. Sky diving, not that brave cut lol
This year's Clean & Green Day is scheduled for Saturday, April 21st! Call 3-1-1 to register or for questions.
Damn I been up since 2am and i'm starting to feel it now.
Ha! Well, I'm not surprised. I wonder if those gals got the "fantasy" of his music or the reality of his arms? Silly Ray.
Ha, not the case on my KC timeline. Mass self-pity and loathing.
the pilot was laid to the bone, home...
We hope very soon! :)
#springselection and for Colorado Springs' election info; WGN TV for Cubs' April 1 opener. VOTE EARLY. VOTE OFTEN. GO CUBS GO.
its not raining its just very ugly& im never sure like the next min. it going to pour down HARD. so i have no choice /;
#NFAIS12 Dunn's horseless carriage alongside Rankin's rotary iPhone. Nicely complimentary statements.
that shit was to nasty cuz
yay! Loved that piece! Isn't it rad? I had to look at all of them too... Multiple times!
Taco's at midnight>
Making Spaghetti for dinner :)
Bleep Bloop
yes, we need to catch up. Heres to my legs not failing me. Im hookin up tunes to this bike for motivation
I see you as more of an artist, Lisa! You use your paddle to paint scarlet landscapes on round quivering canvases. (_l_)
gotta pick up the D
THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW SWEETIE
I Demand Respect From Boys. If You Don't Respect Me & Ur A Boy... Go Hide Under Ur Bed A**Hole
wait really? I'm scared now. I'll do it tomorrow! o:
I'd like to think the future of theatre results in fewer "us/them" boxes. The world can contain all forms.
Happy Birthday ! May all your wishes come true. ;-}
elections elections elections.......
This isn't an office. It's hell with fluorescent lighting.
Day one of was packed with intelligence, advice, wit, anecdotes, cake, and fun. A very well put together conference.
Happy Slayer Day!!!
We love the new baby's room! It has a nice new rug, soft stuff to lay on, lots & lots of toys for us. Just wonder where are kennels will go?
looking 4wrd 2 ur visit. hope you try the new swiss chard quinoa, white bean salad
Off to the golf course, however I wouldn't exactly call what I do golfing.
People on "Game of Thrones" explain who they are through dialogue like there's no tomorrow. Seriously, that's good writing.
Hugs and kisses to all my followers
To live and die in LA!! We don't want it any other way! LA all day!
I love the Milwaukee Brewers!!! #winorlose!
Best argument I've heard for being Ntl POY: he leads #1 team in country in points, stls, blocks, FG%, rebounds!!
Question of the day: What's for dinner and what to do tonight????
Wow i am never drinking during lunch again I just ducked up at work pretty bad !!!
had to say it, was a lay-up with your profile pic... ;)
Special tonight! 4 rooms of music w/ & DJ La Mara! Doors @ 9pm!
Lmao me and Ashley's conversation right now>>
We should always take cues from our cats on these matters ;)
oh yeah, got North Miami beach Lebrons on deck for 30
ima get at u when I grab em. In a couple hours
#FFlyDecade ft Hair, Fashion, Music, Networking & Partying + & others will be n attendance...
Just cant get enough (y)
Funny. RT You're looking for bands with a following? What a coincidence! We're looking for clubs with a crowd.
Don't underestimate how liberating a full day of work can be.
I love it when it rains, it's so relaxing.
drops TODAY.
Don't forget this Rebecca's Summer Fit demos are this week: Wed at 7pm and Fri at 6am...... don't miss the fun!!!!!!!
“Before you criticize someone, walk a mile in their shoes. That way, you’re a mile away and you have their shoes.”
Adam is very entertaining a usual!
Cheese and onion walkers sandwich
The boy Mayweather adding another W to the record tonight
Good am. Headed to Columbia to lead a rain dance/drum circle ceremony with a group of kindergarteners!
Eating at the Red Fez in Providence! Love it!
Prior to #ABCScandal I can't honestly say I've watched the channel. #SCANDALSEASON2 ...bring it!
I didn't like it at first. It just came on and I started dancing around my house ;)
Amy Smart Teams Up With PetArmor® and the ASPCA to Launch PetArmor® Protection Promise
lmfaaao true what you even doing :')
Saw the Lucky one yesterday! I cried <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2>
Borzi: we got letters from congress accusing of not sharing info w industry. Making it very clear they r open to receiving info.
9/22 Home & Garden...CLOSED! next one is 10/6...call me 516-747-8282 to reserve your space. Holidays fast approaching. Don't miss out!
Don't find love, let love find you. That's why it's called FALLING IN LOVE. Because you don't force yourself to fall. You just fall.
George Lopez At 6 In The Morning ? Lmao That's How I Roll :p
My mood goes from 0 to 100 bitch, try me.
hola muchacho! U ROCKK!! i believe justin bieber has taken over the planet! lol this will b a new experience lol
lol he was at bears fan expo last year that's when I got that pic. So if you go next year there's a chance you can see him
I have to do two performances now? I prefer one. Its the Winter Showcase all over again.
seems more hinderance than facilitation from most
BringLIN the hardware to the Garden. Let the fun begLIN.
Treating patients at children's hospital today. the staff here at CNMC is always so gracious & welcoming to community dentists.
possibly gotta wait and see tomorrow so i hope i will still be up at the shop interning though.
Awk moment when you tweet and don't expect him to answer you and he does...
Starting the morning with Jon Finn for our first audition at Radiant Studios!
‘Price is what you pay. Value is what you get.’ ~Warren Buffett
same here.
“: win your prize. see my link from profile” is Austin Mahone the prize? -no- then no, I love him...
LET'S GET READY FOR THE SUMMER!! How many of you will be going to the beach? -PT
Got a peek at some holiday card styles from Egg Press today and I'm quite excited. Is it Christmas yet?
:):) i might hv rt that too. Dont stop cant hear it enough
HAPPY EASTER JUSTIN <3
I had to go to a dinner ... It was for being an altar server ... I know I'm a geeky altar server ... Who watches #Glee lol
So out of shape LOL
RT : Embrace life. Live everyday as best U cn. giv luv oftn. Have faith. Laugh whenever U cn. U only live once, make it count.
#HighBloodPressure Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility Gene Mutation May Be Linked to Male Infertility
Day is already going by so slow
Hope everybody can come Out to the Public Wine Tasting Event at the Rancho Bernardo inn on August 4th Pre sale tickets $25
Today is being a slow eh day
dear users of YouTube, please stop posting footage that you recorded with your cellphone at concerts. It looks horrible! sound sucks!
I just thought today.....now my head hurts
Now that is a hard days work
haha he's gonna kill me
Hello hello hello! We are open tonight with some great music & treats in store....643 west 31st street , Chicago IL 60616
#GCF Forever&Eternity No Doubt:) <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Sweet combo - strawberry vendors and a Rolls Royce the color of custard speeding down Schermerhorn.
CINCO de MAYO POOL PARTY w/ #TheHangover DETAILS coming soon! LIVE MUSIC w/ BBQ grill and DJ
oh okay. I could care less regardless.
too fatty for me.
No agenda, but a question: Did you know that positions such as follows were written/permitted by in his newsletters..
haha I thought so too
Won't be missing u anymore...
Just got in bed. Lol had fun. I just talked to paul. The twin. The whole time and if is gonna come to church on sunday :) sorry you have ...
I was drafted. Long distance never works...
be back from miami next monday big boy let's get some lunch you wasted fuck
Father God I Been Betrayed Feel Like They Beat Me Like Slave We Living In The Last Days Pray 4 Me And Make Me Cold Hearted.
Jeter's got more hits than Sadaharu Oh
I have been looking 4 a room to rent in LA when I get there, feels like I'm talking to a brick wall, not getting many responses.
Maybe one day I'll be what you need.
My favorite pet peeve-the addition of the “s.” Donna Summers? Did you know she sang “Hot Stuffs” and “This Time I Know It’s For Reals?” ;)
Stop tweeting and HAIL!
Hey Cody, how am I going to text you 143 when I don't even have your number? ;)
rewarding yourself with a little beach at the end of a productive day is a brilliant idea!
So much to do, so little time. :/
New health start-up incubator attempting to emulate Y Combinator and HealthRock: www.healthboxaccelerator.com
You aint gotta lie to kick it mann .
Yay!!! Super pumped to see it!
nomnomnom. Probably my best invention.
Dear Sons, the neighbor's mean-old Rhode Island Red Rooster will peck you.
on your toes what kind of toes you got
Great run this a.m.! Tune in later for a new post!! :) xo
#pointlesscelebrities Justin Bieber.
Front row can you see me?
Just woke up from a bomb ass nap ready for night life
“: "I am complex but I am me." #Gemini”
#bookaday HOW TO HUG by Maryann MacDonald, another resource for "how to" writing
I dont know. ask ranoldo he was watching....
Some people spit from on top of the ladder, but one day they will be in a strange position when coming down the other side! P.A.A.B.
But wasn't Puck also busy with the lemonade?
look at you & look @ her..hell look at you vs. them....no comparison. smfh....its nasty to even think about. lmfao
Feel free to call me for a free hair consultation. www.hairinthecity.me
Followed:D
Oh yeah! RT Right?! ": Wow this is embarrassing for the Falcons. 2 points? WTF"
I almost bought a huge book of Audubon prints from Barnes and Noble, then realized I didn't have space for it.
don't jinx it!
I love today
I thought I told you?
Who hasn't done something to try to get more in life -- taking up art, doing yoga, losing weight -- and found it lacking?
Good morning! It should have been Friday two days ago. Why isn't it Friday yet??
Tiffany - this time they tweeted unrequited love
ta!!!!! i gotta go to the doctor today !! :( i wish was here with mee :(
#futbol Just saw Europa League final score. Rough landing for , Marcelo Bielsa's team an absolute blast to watch this year.
Today is not as good as yesterday, but tomorrow will be better than today! Than the rest ill be history so excited! Off to a new adventure!
so many good bands on the one day I can't listen to your show! :P
I'm great, hbu?
Scotland Yard Pub will be closed this afternoon for a private party but WILL open at 8pm for football.
How many different ways can you use the words "sonic orgasm?" When talking about music? Never enough. Get their EP. Now! ;-)
I'm sure she is. :) Hopefully playing with my boys Sandy and Jambo.
how have u been?
"I'm about to write this $800 check and my checks have pictures of baby farm animals....bitch!"
what happened?
En route to #nycfoodcrawl. Got distracted by a bicycle with a motor. Running late.
Thank you to Liberal Arts Division colleagues for flowers and get-well greeting.
help us and spread the disease that is Hoes and Housewives, we are gonna be in virginia beach aug 20th. retweet this & spread the disease.
sitting at home and later regretting your idleness...bc you always grow from being proactive!
Nice work. I like the responsive layout.
There are more than 2,000 different varieties of cheese in the world! How many have you tried?
I'm so off on my party finding abilities this year :(
Happy weekend!! I never got to ask which store you're working at!!
#100factsaboutme I vibrate at a faster rate than most folks. That's why I'm so damn skinny. I do yoga so I don't shake myself to pieces.
I think I've finally stopped sweating from that yoga class. Jury is still out on whether I liked it.
going to mexican party cus theres gonna be light up swords included with the party bags. and a jumper.AND pinatas. yayuuuh SON.!
the student run newspaper at my alma mater ie. first place I ever wrote, changed name from "Maneater" to "Carpeteater" as April fools prank.
just texted you
Planning activities for The Date, what ideas do you have?
'Land of 10,000 idiots on Minnesota roads' will be my next headline
want some fiya ass beats? GET AT MY BOY !! FIYA BEATS FOR DAYS!!
same here... but that would meen they are wrong so we must be as they say... becouse they are never wrong...
Anyone have their students do a mini-ethnography in an intro to world music class? Any tips?
Joined a new gym! Am lovin it, so gotta run to a spin class right now. Talk later. <U+30FE>(<U+25CF><U+2312><U+2207><U+2312><U+25CF>)<U+FF89>
Before you go to bed, look up at the light's of the Goodyear Blimp... "T.Brown's a Pimp"
I think I'm more interested in seeing a hologram of Booger from 'Revenge of the Nerds' reenacting the belching contest scene.
getting ready for skool . DONT WANNA GO !
what the fuck did I do
Almost time for and her brown bag seminar "So You Think You Want To Write a Book". Ought to be fun!
I like that
Hey! Come intro yourself- I'm working Merch table.
NNNOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO! Booze kills germs! ;-)
never doubt you bro! Love ya
One of my Final Four hopefuls needs to get its act together.
HELLO! how r u?
what do you want your first tattoo to be
I fell down some stairs tonight. From the looks of my goose eggs I am going to be in a lot of pain when this wine wears off.
Happy Friday everyone! Where are we going for #happyhour ???
Trying to relate to people is a waste of time. You either relate or you don't.
I'm in an ethical quagmire here, JWI. Can I help one who would DARE bet against my Wildcats??? :)
Unclear if suspect died from gunshot or when his car crashed into a garage
Big picture focus at Lake Nipissing summit - The North Bay Nugget
omg my dad would disown me. then be blowing up my phone with Qs. he's gotta pass the dad test
uh oh...tell her I'm sorry
Skylar was my youngest daughter's fave and Colton my oldest. Jessica IS good.
“: Last Tweet was a test. But yes that does mean Twitter is coming to the Cause.It app!”. YAY!
I may spend a chunk of the day outreaching to DC Enviro groups to pick up our cause.
Okay, okay. Hart of Dixie was cheesy, CW greatness.
Ugh another commercial Dakota fanning is on the show with the rest of them now up next Taylor talks girls hahahha!!!!!!! :D
Just made it back to new orleans!:)
not even sure what to say....hm
I've never been so disappointed..
Camilla ran this season
Time not to check your blackberry - while running across a highway...
RT what time? <<< FRENCH MONTANA MEET & GREET AT 2pm-4pm
Got back from LA. The ocean is still there. Brought back some sand. It was great. Wonderful Energy. Rodeo Dr. hasn't felt the recession
Live Radio Show - Fort Worth, TX - Sunday the 6th! Tune in to 95.9 The Ranch or stream it at www.959theranch.com.
glad things are going well for you... I'm so ready to go off to college, only a year and a half left! What's college life like?
lol well you see me now
Awesome. Don't get between the birthday girl and her toast. Love you, brother. x
forreal though!! lets kick it soon! i think u still got my number right?
and brought their A games tonight and rocked incredibly hard at ! Such an awesome night.
My single favorite shakespeare! RT with Shakespeare’s
great to know, thanks! May I ask what search terms?
Great to see you on twitter - let's catch up sometime over coffee and share stories...
I love waking up to him<3
the goodmorning text I got from >>>>>
so "Harry's bi" then people freaking out about tswift & Ed, and now niall tweeted Demi. top this day off with a twitcam boo
anil dash is doing fun live blogging of oscars. better than party!
is ripping off 's answer. What a
#FourWordsYouDontWantToHear via "You sure you're in?" Aahahahahahahaha
great coffee mtg indeed! brain still nicely buzzing. glad that our two orgs seem snack-compatible. v. serious about snacks.
Note to self: must be chipper for this 10hr work day chock full of customer service to commence. Fantastic...thats me being chipper.
MT :Just heard Scarborough's clip from this morning on No one in GOP establishment thinks Romney will win general.
If we CAN'T SWIM, so can't get under the boat to fix the rudder, we CAN use THE STARS to guide us on our journey as well!!!
lol way to put a negative spin on my status.
SwingFest 2010 showcase event is Red Carpet Awards Show followed by a Dance Club Party!
Pizza Pizza!
The more people you follow, the more who will follow you. I recommend posting your twitter address in some LinkedIn groups.
“ #Taurus females are very expensive but rich in love.”
Current ID of the staging server? "Undried Umlauts"
Only 6 more working days *Magic City pussy pop*
is getting ur nuts frozen off. cryogenics
Don't you feel like you want to give up, but a whisper in your mind tells you to try again!?
Sound like everyone in indiana is watching the heat game and NOT the pacers game
#HappyBirthdayGRANDman !!!! Im gonna she is beautiful boy 1 day <3
I'm not Jesus, but i can turn water into kool-aid
Is it just me or Twitter a ton of one tweet wonders and spamers
awww I miss u from Facebook daddie!
he doesn't care about that lol
Testing 123. 206-375-9500 Tim Reha cell. I will be in Redwood City Saturday evening - Monday.
This screen is so small <U+E40D>
thank you! :D
Just heard about your lecture next week at UCLA. Can't wait! Anything you'd recommend reading beforehand?
I guess I should stop avoiding getting my wisdom teeth pulled. Little fecking DEVILS.
Feeling nostalgic listening to You guys always brighten my day.
Howard the Duck, hahaha! Haven't seen that movie since I was little :)
Dallas, Texas
Music is my sun and you're blocking my light
Kentucky, Pennyslvania, and Massachusetts should also be excluded from that song.
the clovis tourism commercial has ANCIENT footage from the 90s of girls rollerblading (likely home from gottshalks, or me n ed's pizza).
I want a direction buddy (:
Gonna pretend I know how to golf! where's my shirt? #hotweather #ok #yay :3
ostrich...emu...kiwi...penguin? Although people do east ostrich.
- other than Graham on defense (who seems to be struggling in the NFL)...who else were elite college players from 2008-2010?
Buy a Santa Bag TODAY for $39.99 that includes 1 FREE week of tanning, 2 BOTTLES of lotion, and 1 PACKET of AMAZING lotion to try!!!
Make my speakers go boom boom.
it's on chongita! Let's plan it
grunge tried to destroy the metal..... But it failed. How is the new D?
Packed first day at CNI; thanks to all tweeters for great coverage! Breakfast tomorrow in Arlington Salons 1-2, same as reception.
Download the FREE Houston Criminal Lawyer App in the itunes store! NEVER be out anywhere without your Attorney again. Attorneyoncall - 24/7
collecting ideas for songs...suggestions?
business travel. Drinks after meeting & I'm such a lite weight I was too drunk to go to dinner :)
WIT DAT GIRL AND MAN
wats do that mean i could have got on the next flight out
POST it i wanna see it bro
Wheeee here we go will be hopping through Lodo today spreading community love
2 hours of excel data analysis review
I would yell at you for giving it to me but we haven't hung out in a while. Did you send via carrier pigeon?
Fort knox this bitch so nothin shady happens
look away! RT
Attn ALL RAPPERS !!! Tweet me ur email by 9 pm tonite and ill send u a FREE BEAT sampler
I need 1 more follower ! Go !
I'm a Motherlover, you're a Motherlover, we should... Happy Mother's Day!!
It is raining hard here in kansas city, oh my gosh I think its Hailing.
I have a very particular set of skills
I really really really really wanna 3 legged dog. #S.mousePhan!
My singer is in the running for #hottestchicksinhardrock go vote for her EVERYDAY 10x a day!!!!
"please accommodate don't retaliate"
Hello going out to "12" new likes today!! Welcome to our Facebook page!!
i cant stop more from following u. it gets to confusing with too many artitist clashes personality
A blessed and wonderful CHRISTmas to everyone, and remember to keep God first.
Interesting but not new if you've read Marx RT "We drifted from having a market economy to being a market society."
another #beautifulday to be alive.. Every day brings a new opportunity! Go and find it!
u knw what seeing this making me laugh and people officially think that I am crazy ;)
U.S. House approved $300 billion in cuts to offset the deficit, but most cuts aimed to eliminating programs for the poor nationwide.
Fair warning! The sign competition is on!
remember the drawings in class today
lol.....cant wait to shyt on dem wit dem 28z umq put on my new truck tomorrow homie
Hi #slpeeps I'm new to twitter. special shout out to 4 coming up w/my twitter handle. look 4ward 2 making connections & frnds
Home w/sick kid and under the weather myself. Still hoping for something productive & at least vaguely scholarly to happen. #kidsareworthit?
will do!
I wish I had! I'm an expert. I release demons into my home two or three times a day.
hi, i love you ariana. <3
I think she'd be great at running/kicking! :) #EvaLongoria RT : Would be really interesting seeing Eva play a sport.
everytime i eat candy i feel like im going to puke.
- It's a "thinning area" to be exact. And I'm gonna go cry now. First time in 30 years.
true RT : There's who you want, who you do, and what you tell people. Sexual identity is a combo platter.
Baby's in Reno with the Vitamin D
Planning for the weekend. Can't wait for my first trip to Arizona at the end of the month.
I'm not in this scene I think I'm falling asleep But then all that it means is I'll always be dreaming of you
excited to share my knowledge and expertise as a film makeup artist in this industry. Can't wait 2 see YOU there..Chi town.
LOL! looking forward all of them ;-)
LOL @ screaming at these games she is playing.
she is so cute! Lol about the xmas hat but hey..all in good fun :-)
you wouldn't fight for something you don't believe in. i understand
RT : Q3. When have you adjusted an uncomfortable idea to make it fit w/what you're more comfortable thinking?
TODAY!!!! $1.00Breakfast Tacos $1.00 Juices $1.00 Coffee Made Fresh to order. Not premade and held in warmer. Come in and see!! 3 items ea
I bet he still wants me <3
Stoked for Josh. 4 homer game has happened far less than perfect game. amazing.
oh now i see this!
Why does my cat always sleep with his butt pointing at me
alright I will man
Social Media can and will be used against you in a court of law. If you're in a case be careful what you Tweet.
Adverse Effect is really good too. And anything by TwistedSky :)
I haven't texted or called anyone.
Music is my medicine as well as my therpist.
Yes! Years ago this was par for the course. It only seems odd because of what we (fans/readers) now expect.
Oh, many many and many more!
I definitely will!
Kinda scared where the road will lead me, but I know everything will be okay, it has to be.
I saw your RT, you're entered into the contest :)
Willies Wonder: Get you some.
Another commenter notes research on adolescence extending into early 20s and how that affects what new lawyers are doing.
yeah I sort of value my marriage! I haven't heard of anything besides a whole all games package for the weekend available. I..
your a tech reporter and its your first time? Maybe take your head out of apple's ass for once and explore real innovation
Some web dev today, it's been a while.
Happy birthday! RT : It's Mr. Presley Trace Robertson's FIRST Birthday!!!!!!
Your stamina is legendary. Thanks for including us on your whistle-stop tour.
I didn't get invited to Hangover Part 3 aha
Happy birthday you old man!!
I think and I could arrange for some tasty pies for the band…
Happy Monday!! I'm realizing two things this morning: I miss Vegas, and I miss CJ Time. #INeedBoth!!
much love to you both!
Why is everybody getting mohawks? It looks so dumb
We do not live long enough.
Good morning reality
I can't even get to the house because there's not enough gas in this car.
-- I would kill for some fried cheese curds, impossible to find outside of WI... ( )
#nw Triple Dog
fella? Channeling Mae west?
Thanks to a couple of drunk dudes @ wrk singing to me, the song "feel like making love" will never be the same...
Remember mom's words when you skinned your knee or cried because he didn't call? "You can do anything. Try again." Mom is still right!
lol even if you don't get a shag. It was a bold move and I commend you
I can be indecisive, but when it comes to , I can gratifyingly say "I HATE THAT" or "THAT'S THE BEST THING EVER"
Jealousy killed the girl. ;]
Yes!! RT New Ocean Beach Seafood Truck sources from like a top restaurant. Opens on Newport Ave. today
books and books, send me you best read this year
Reveal day TODAY!
On a suggestion from a friend I am listening to the Sucker Punch movie soundtrack, quite good contextually speaking of course.
real time search..who is interested in it...only a news junki or someone who has got time to count the seconds that go by..lol
I'm not sure we would have rpt'd the story at all if the vic wasn't a pub official. Unfort we could do dom viol stories daily.
iam just goin to enjoy my day with out bull shit!
I really wanna get tatted
Don't miss Eli Prime and Twenty Twenty perform at the Newark Christmas lights switch on on Sunday between 11-5!
I have never wanted anything more. If anything can cure my aching head it has to be slaw and cake! Oh I want I want I want.
Thats why I said technically “: No there's one Antony Santos & a Anthony "Romeo" Santos. Thanks. RT : (cont) http
did i mention your name
long day, ended with a beer and some fried food. now i need a nap... happy friday!
Thanks for the follow. Love your hair and your twitter wallpaper - cheerful!
My relatives live here. I'm visiting my mom for Mother's Day. Not to mention, I love Boston.
did Angelina disappear?
That's what its all about! RT : Calculated risks.
FOLLOW BACK HOMIE
don't dis all us Berkeley grads
yeah he received everything. He's good. U might get something this week
No, none of them was specifically you. Maybe I should stop tweeting about grading?
Not like I should complain but it helps to get it off my chest.
#jlin who? He got shut down last night by you know who nem
All that won't fit though lol.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
You've proved me wrong once again.
back atcha babe!
lol. RT More people than usual. RT who's watching TruTV right now??
I'm going to be a senior in a month, it's so overwhelming to think about
ha ha ha... but yeah it really is..
desoto civic center packed lol , im back :)
Listening to Crowded House and it makes me wonder...
morning to you too man... Praying for all the success in the world still for u cus u deserve it have a good day
Caught a glimpse of the future this afternoon and quite honestly I'm a little scared.
RT : #nowplaying "Party In The USA" - Miley Cyrus
actually, congrats on your
one day imma make a impact on somebody's life. lmaooo
#ThingsiLoveToSee Is a man treatin his lady right an not tryna dog her out..
lol I thought the same thing last week but I got used to it
so jealous. What panels are you going too? Staying for music to ?
Honored you are following...cc:
Obviously it's me :)
Seriously this is what the Rockets are reduced to. Taking pot shots at TMac. We gotta do better.
Email your address to and we will send a pair your way!
Love having 2 hours of technique class! Great start to the week!
how so? I'm pretty sure you can hold your own
My night last night taught me that you don't need a man to have fun at prom...although it does help.
Marketing, comm., talent relations etc INTERNS needed! Inquire asap, start with the new year! Great for your resume, college apps etc! DM!
#IsItMyFault that i just want to be successful
Friends been begging me to do Star Trek Online since it went free, haven't talked with them for 8 months so gave them a week
I love that show! Sheldon is my favorite. I was a little bit of a nerd myself in school......Engineer in disguise ;)
I'm not sure. Let me accept on Facebook. I'm fixing to get home! I bet we have lots of friends in common lol
this is NOT the way to unite a Party! This is exactly why the Dems control DC!
Palindrome of the day: "Too hot to hoot." #learning (same letters back and front)
I can't wait until my beard is really long and bad ass again!
glad to hear it wasn't " underwhelming" I love that word now...
we're getting one too... From Disneyland. Not quite as cool.
The notorious rally killing mike young
yessir! Hit me up...
What team did you guys make?
Are you talkin' to ME?
#Tigers Ugh. FACEPALM
Sorry to retweet often about the Facebook page. It is just easier to disseminate information and links via that page. Thanks so much!
Deciding to mark on a corner <<
Coworkers of construction worker killed will hold moment of silence tomorrow. Brad Arthur died after woman hit him, driver accused of OWI
it's wonderful thanks for asking
I love my sister to , even though we fight or argue . What sisters don't ?
And sharpest knife! #FF to both of you! RT : of the brightest light bulbs in the hospital and on Twitter.
Do not give up, the beginning is always the hardest.
I've got you beat... My town is famous for NOTHING. =)
Casteio in extra time at the end of first half puts Dallas up one nothing
ok i did
Y r u grounded?
I feel bad for whoever goes on a date to a restaurant with
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes to T.J. and M.H. today! Also, a huge congrats to N.T. We at D3 think this opp. is spot on for you!
everyone knew starting Kotsay was a bad idea, and now it's shown........twice, and we're still in the 1st.
yes! real learning happens here MT a more varied audience would make the conversation more engaging
I think 253 h.s. did rt : Neat fact: 10 high schools had at least 2 players taken in April's draft, inc Det Martin Luther King
WHAT WHAT OMG WHAT WHERE
figures. How well do Android apps run on it?
First place in May.
I don't consider myself an avid reader. I do, however, consider myself an avid collector of books I would like to (someday) read.
i love -- a humble frenchman who is a self-professed lover of american cinnamon rolls
Disruptors: everyday distractions that are easily dismissed, but when combined they change the world. Think Twitter
Damn 1st Ave S bridge is up again - thanks for screwing up my commute.
what happened?
Leaving Colorado, then back home to LA, then Vegas, then NYC! All within 2 weeks. Just call me US traveler.
Tonight from 5:30-9pm is Mercy Corps Monday. You eat..we donate 25% of Total Sales!
Happy f in new year
That split second when you are 100% sure ya gonna die after you lean too far back in ya chair
History has proven that dictators get the most work done in the least amount of time.
RT : "I love acting. It's so much more real than life!" - Oscar Wilde
A mouse just ran behind my dresser! Not getting off my bed until its dead or caught!
then dont do it silly :P
What is your favorite NASCAR memory?
Lets go Heat!!!
where do you donate?
How are you able to DM me? And make it appears I'm DM'ing myself. Bc I granted access to ? It said it was Read only access.
How old is Shakeria nowadays? Are her hips lying yet?
Get some rest, hope the remainder of the night stays calm.
same here!!
My legs are so sore from practicing leaps and fouettés all night. Hopefully it's all worth it!
I'll be home the 7th!
Be sure to watch the channel 3 news tonight to see footage from the AZ No Pants Ride.
I know what breasts are...they're boobies...
AND your point is....?
Good Morning! Inner Quote: "First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do". -Epictetus
Thought For the Day: "The dictionary is the only place where success comes before work." -Mark Twain
Standoff at the Marion County Juvenile Correctional Facility..10TV cameras on the scene..plus, Columbus Police planning new cuts-all at 5am!
I should be with & right now
it is fine I saw did it so I wanted to try :p
Sweet yo! I can't wait to see it! Let me know when you guys are gonna release it :D Thanks!
All is well! Great new sounds for all yall! Enjoy the new week! :)
we're projecting The Walking Dead tonight at 8. Zombies make awesome noises through the house system!
I just went out and had many drinks, now just sitting around watching TV (super exciting...) haha how about you?
Lunch time is approching.
Is sold house in the mountains NC i beds baths Virtual stages OF MLS Form golf it is good mountain Fireplace :-)
You would have a book of President Inaugural Addresses. Nerd.
RT : RT : In honor of DDC day, CD's are being signed&shipped for only $13! Along w/the CD(today only) you will rec ...
you're welcome. my favorite LB song is "What Do You Know". Love the country-rock feel!
why did you take off your shoes today
yes please!
If God can speak into existence unlimited universes, then simply nothing is impossible for us to do what is needed for mankind with Him.
Too obvious!? But I am playing requests for the guys.
RT : Just finished reading #agencyblueprint - lots of great tips for ! Thx - can't wait to implement!
Don't miss the new duck heart preparation ; absolutely incredible flavors!
Well, I officially have a crush on my elementary school arch-enemy.
Vivienne Westwood flagship, just of Regent St!
#oomf is about to make history with a new song called #BOYFRIEND (; um who could it be?
let us know when you get your certificate! :)
Can it get any hotter
We don't do murderers. We don't do rapists. We don't do perverts.
Thanks . Appreciate the advice. Worried about Rip's lingering injury. Have few bench spots w/ a lot of injuries this week
Fast food make me fast
Thanks for the RT.
It's kinda funny knowing that your gonna be suspended. :3
Friday in montana still!
Looks can be deceiving. lol
Stop going to the day Brewers games. They seem to lose whenever the show is there!
U gotta download ! I've only had it about a week but I've been having so much fun with it!
Absolutely. We thoroughly enjoy the Dictionary of American Regional English.
realistically we cannot give students real world experience in every class, so we have lots of tools we can use
yes! Love 's I had my students participate in 2.0 & plan to have them join 3.0. You?
I need sleep. Gnight all!
Yesterday is history. Tomorrow is no promise. And today? Today is a gift, that's why we call "present".
DRose out for most of next year. No Drose= no championship
RT : "It is hard to be 100 percent better than your competition, but you can be 1 percent better in 100 ways." - Rich Melman
ah ok. Understandable.
my little sister wouldnt get me water so i took food chewed it then showed it to her said "go get me..." then she was like "ill go ill go":p
Ice cream makes everything better :-)
Half our life is spent trying to find something to do with the time we have rushed through life trying to save. ~ Will Rogers
Our National Nurse Week Celebration continues today with an appreciation reception with Senior Leadership!
I have a hard time buying Big Show as a babyface. Much better heel in my opinion.
ah yeah true. i dont think animals do :') they are chilled as :)
Gardening! Remind me again why this is fun??
wish u were here KURWA .
That's the name of the column, not the slogan.
Change it up, hv fun, if u feel it...go for it!
So much girl power! I'm so flattered to be receiving so much great feedback from everyone! Thank you so much! Much love! <333
Man I hadn't seen him in like 8 months
Thank you for the follow as well. Congratulation on your funding!
It's #FenderFriday, best Instagram of your favorite Fender gets you on our feed!
make me some
Yea, I need details on how you went about it.
I followed hehee
Forecast calls for sunny and 80 this weekend! Perfect for shopping the Third Ward. Pop in to Metro Eye while your out and about!
I think the next Kickstarter will be to buy a keyboard where the shift key works ;)
is a monster
thanks, Tommy!! xoxo
what the point of having some YouTube vids not available on mobile devices I really don't get it
Best thing to see when you go to the pools is in the locker room ha!! It's when a hot guy is taking a shower naked and then dry!! HOT HOT
Don't forget to wish your mother "Happy Mother's Day! To all the mothers, have a wonderful day!
What do you do?
Dad just found out I have tattoos on my inner arms. Had them for almost a year now.....
A new day today.Thanks for all the kind words, love you guys
Contra Alliance hardcover distribution finally taking shape: Ingram + Baker & Taylor...30 days to materialize.
Showtime has some weird stuff on
Prisoner of Azkaban or Goblet of Fire!
Actually it's 8PM on the east coast, so I assume you mean 5PM earliest
Random Fact: I made my Western movie debut in Blue with Karl Malden.
Lovin' the creative ideas my customers have for personalized Stems!
should know b4. Bowling. Just need to let temp agcy. Know how it went send thank you email and wait
I should have guessed you already knew about it.
Thanks so much! How are things going with you? Tell me about the wedding.
Twinkle twinkle little b*tch, close your legs it smells like fish
just a jerk lol
I can finally check off 'get a harry potter tattoo' off of my list of things to do before I die. Yay!
Hope you an incredible Mother's Day xo <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
cause you were half nude in gayle's class...
For those of you hating on John Cena, remember, he never turned his back on the fans like The Rock did.
Q2b) Help them build a mind map of the essential steps, methods, procedures, etc. based on a real experience.
why? If fans had no problems with bounties before, why would this audio change anything?
Have you tried the new hot dogs @ Sonic #Baltimore? The Chicago dog is awesome. Has a bit of a kick but nothing a Cherry Limeade can't cure
F.O.H (Family Ova Haterz)
Am I really watching Jack and Jill? Yes, and, as expected, it is awful.
Begining new project as a training analyst, content developer, and trainer to help hospice workers master medical record-keeping technology.
layin in bed bout to go to sleep u
. Major props to his kids, too. They were right there to fill in the blanks and give him reassuring smiles. That was beautiful.
curse of The Brick strikes again. Maybe I'll get another free set of tickets.
Cut the skin to the bone, fall asleep all alone. Hear your voice in the dark.
#me3 amazing. tell me another story.
that's what's up!
Spring Break!
Cool. That is going to be a madhouse. I'll be with and Stacy and company.
never gonna happen. :)
holy goodness - i never got this tweet. I will DEFINITELY let you know next time! :)
Special Thanks to ! He's been saving $ for something special for my bday & 2nite surprised me by taking me 2 our fav sushi spot
I may be a smart-ass, but at least I'm trying to hold up both ends of the bargain.
Its sickening how you can play somebody so well and leave them for no reason at all..
you too :)
DYK? John H. Johnson-Owner of Ebony Publishing Co. is a member of A Phi A
#yougetpointsif you came to #brainnet today! Great meeting on How To Create Compelling Video with Mark Wonderlin...shoulda been there!
im so glad i dont have to see her face / Ass any more
Seeing rows of orange-shirted union members here to support development of the corridor brings back bad memories :(
same... >.> the only cute ones I have were SUPER FRIKKEN expensive
YAY PARIS. Hope you have a great night!
This weather is not my idea of summer weather..
Good to know, thanks for exercising the API, it's an area of great interest for us strategically.
i been gone2long truth or false rite or wrng Hello chaos welkome hme
aight forsure dude. i'll hit you up. I got the same number. i'll dm it to you too
thank you for joining us :)
MIDDAY TODAY: David Cordish casino talks about proposed gambling expansion & why, of course, he opposes it
Mention twitter to your server and receive a FREE calamari appetizer!!
yes that's what everyone said but that damned CVS was out! It always looks ransacked!
RIP to that young man that lost his life in Florida another senseless killing of a young black man at that hands of a person sworn 2protect
Rika Burnham & Elliot Kae-Kee have a new book, Teaching in the Art Museum. Check it out on Amazon.
I swear I do better with the MK14 in #MW3 than I do with the ACR... even though it is semi-auto... 32-8 last match... 28-4 the game before..
nothing but music and hand jobs. #M&HJ
Looking for a Senior Technology Implementation Strategist and Consultant for a short-term (one month initial) assignment in Washington, DC.…
I HATE THIS FUCKING SNOW?
OH , so you're gonna take your sweet ass time to reply to me? Alright, cool son. Its all gravy , just dont get mad when I do the same thing!
Crib you
Keep in mind as back to school makes for busy days!
Lunquist is stopping everything!
RT ArtsBeat Blog: First Play by Nathan Englander Postponed From Public Theater Season t.co/xItgv725 // Gatz is back instead!
I really want to play keno right now, and I blame , , and
I just ordered your book. When does it ship?
OMG tourists on top of tourists!!!!!
Watching Pokemon...Ash vs. Gary.....on Boomerrang....this takes me WAY back
Why does Bill Walker look like Whoopi Goldberg in Eddie?
"The best part of my day is enter acting with my fans" Is this real? Is this real life?
So the whole purpose of going to bed & closing your eyes is to fall asleep! Well wth. I'm tired & I have a big day ahead c'mon.
Agree w/ about San Antonio being hottest conf. ever. Toronto was surprisingly close.
life is a party...
Preparing guacamole...and the tree was happy.
I always struggle with what to wear to pick up take out. I mean, let's be real, what would you be dressing up for?
just don't push it too hard or you'll regret it later! Listen to your body!
Wow! Already up to 43 applicants for our fall afterschool program: www.lifevineworks.org
Thank you to the vendors, the mad crafters, the music makers, the magic Mission staff, the shoppers and lookers yesterday we HEART you!
Somewhere out there accounts are girding themselves like samurai to ensure #Avengers will actually lose money
This year marks the Bi-Centennial of the Battle of 1812 --or as we like to say, "Sometimes they do come back."
Thanks for following ..nice article on 4 ways to maximize the new #Facebook timeline
HouseWorks: Home decor on the cheap
are you going to be at Intel isef more this week?
they changed the potatoes for hashbrowns. they can't get the right food to the right person. Lot of untrained new staff
Thanks for the follow, Jon. I could definitely use your help. So clomming on to tip
tickets for what exactly?
I feel like going up to Zion...I may have to plan a trip up there...
yeah I had him last year for history and I didnt learn anything and he just kept giving us a lot of work
Thanks... Shattered bones as far as the eye can see!
actually the guests are Brazilian Singer Anne Simoni &recent UT grad Kesley Hoar - for Jeff Lofton's Jobim Tribute Cactus Cafe.
If your ratings suck & nothing has helped, try a Laura Mulvey pun? Liz: "Ugh. The male gaze." Hazel: "Yeah, they're all a buncha gays."
Just woke up for today... going over my aunts house idk what else ima do...
Prepare for "The Greenwich Village Bookshop Door" exhibit by reading Morley's Parnassus on Wheels. I flew through it in 2 hours yesterday.
And that's not a knock of reporting. One of the good guys. It's the info that he's reporting that disturbs me.
it really is, not...
it's a great place! Let me know how your visit goes :)
2 weeks + finals seem like forever from now! :) And Happy Easter! :)
#ICantStandPeople who treat you like sh!t no matter how many times u let it go and are nice anyway..its like..what the f*ck more do u want?
It seems I got attached to baseball when the #Rangers lost in 2 World Series because to my surprise I'm watching a regular season game
I probably should have showered before doing laundry...
“: hit me up when you get here”kk dm me your number
lol same here I think of our "other version" haha
all I can say is damn, Chris. daaaaammmmnnnnnn. (=
They don't have 'em here in TX, gotta wait til I get to CA! :D
Earth day fair tomorrow. Balboa Park. We'll be at the booth with & How about you?
If two wrongs don't make a right, try three
Came back to Twitter and de-followed everybody who isn't San Diegan. (except the Oatmeal guy and Cynthia Tucker.) Cleaner local news-feed!
At the midnight premiere of The Avengers. Always enjoy the raucous crowd. Let's get to the show!
I'm a local (pgh) lang. teacher working on customizing learning, excited to see and would love to get students on!
I can only imagine how much faster I would get my hw done if i could still for longer than a minute @ a time.
it's a hard call, but I think the saltimbocca.
You're welcome and thanks!
Welcome to DigitalGeeks.org! Long Islands very own computer professional service group at your service... Call us! (516) 582-3089
Can we put you down for one of those next season once the shoulder heals?
“: The Hip Sip, The Suppy, and the Kup are our three finalists.” Congrats to finalists! Judges said decision was really tough
I'm sorry about passover); I just realized I never apologized for getting grounded..... #sorry ):
- mom and dad both have twitter too?
Well, the CSS madness that is Chrome/Facebook is over but now is down and I'm updating from Twitter. Gasp!! The horror!!!
Probably the best pitch I've seen yet. RT Make sure you get [TeamStream], so my posts can vibrate ya pants!
only 7 more hours of work for the week then about to go Hammah Montana
Thursday, The Zone, Gone, and Heaven or Las Vegas are my favorite The Weeknd songs
I decided I didn't like my outfit so I came into work an picked out a new one
Just ate some toast wit HEEEEEELLLLLLLLAAAAAAA butter. Lol
at physical therapy and then at home. I'm not gonna miss a minute of it
i followed your other twitter =) could u list me? =) and maybe follow me back? =) <3
Some busy days coming up next couple of weeks. Hopefully busy will translate to productive.
Check out the programming plan and drawings for the project at www.themissionlasvegas.com. I'd love to hear your feedback.
Watching addicted to #TheClientList! Awesome show!
X Games is so much better than the olympics...there's just something about watching human beings fly through the air..#onpurpose?
And with that, a release candidate is born! Good. Now onto project
For someone who talks so much in person, your twitter sure is quiet...
Politico Hill reporter has been killing it with no bullshit zone coverage of Boehner. Great coverage of highway bill fiasco.
ah I hope so !!
Automated voicemail saying they know I'm going through one of the toughest times ever. Haha I'm actually going through one of the easiest! <U+E04E>
follow this bosset
Its HERE! May the odds be EVER in your favor! Happy Hunger Games!!!
hm not my fault
At Takoma Park Library to pick up my postcards that won their art contest. I'm no picasso, I just draw what I see.
Wishing you a successful week. Thank you for your follows:
! I'm bored :/ lol my back hurts these chairs are mad uncomfortable ! -_- lol
getting ready for crabtree!
send an email to !
#np 'Daniel' Bat for Lashes
Reputation management and personal brand are key in search says
Do what specific recipe says. Difference likely a function of the ingredients involved.
That's a good distant run. Keep it up? Running a 1/2 or full soon?
I just heard Jason Mraz's new single on the radio. Someone's stuck in the year 2002. :/
Good Spirits
hey, now that im a minority owner, im technically youre boss. drop and give me 50! LOL!!!!! J/K. Be a winner.
Word of the day: phenomenal
According to CEIR, 73% or more of executives rate exhibitions as highly valuable to achieving their marketing objectives.
Yes, suspending the band for 1 year should be the minimum, frats/soro org have strict rules & reg. This was a crime!
How are you guys doin today??
lucky duck
If you only do what you know you can do – you never do very much. - Tom Krause
RT : I'm scared to drive :( lol its nothing to it but to do it! U gota confront your fear amber I used to be like that too
sounds good! :D
I keep listening to 'Unfriend You' its amazing ! Xx
Burger King with
O O O O O OKAY
awesome! I'm glad you got them. Yeah the CDs do sound better. The size of the audio file on the cd is much bigger = better :-)
a good business venture/relationship is when both parties feel they have gained something positive from the relationship.
& my 900th tweet will be wasted on .... Cant wait to see you today <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00BB>
i find it almost impossible to believe that anyone could like Rush for even a second unless they were secretly Canadian.
PSA #03: Popsicle is one letter away from you know what! This PSA is brought to you by the Sunshine.
I would but idk any! Lpl
Up early , going running with Jess , Liv and Molly , then I have tumbling for 2 hours ,(:
Terrorist threat to UK includes a plane from India to crash into the country.
#DrakeCriesWhen He has to Shut It Down.
no I gonna help my sister
i heart Mr. Clean Magic Eraser. It worked wonders around my apartment!
May 7th 2007 – Israeli archaeologists discover the tomb of #HerodtheGreat south of Jerusalem.
No prob! Take your time. I wont be launching any new content until the beginning of January.
Favorite #Swedish word - Flodhast. Meaning - Hippo. Direct English translation - River Horse.
I'd like to talk with you about using one of your photos for a book cover.
Oh I had that very same horrible conversation.
Glad I stumbled onto #SMsportschat just in time for the #golf #Tiger question. Feel free to ask me about anytime.
"Shut up, Big-booty, you coward. You are the weakest individual I ever know!" ~ Lord John Whorfin
I would love to see more artistic/creative makeup - that's what I'm going to school for!
Office rumors. Hate them!
I think Dick Clark is going to get Heaven into the Rock & Roll Hall Of Fame! wow I can remember watching him on television 30 years ago!
Good Morning California!
Let me know how it is. I've been wondering.
WTF!! It started to pour this really suck!! No fun at all... God please stop the Rain for Me to witness
Did you see author's response to "critics" w/ more asinine comments? I'm not posting b/c needs less hits for trolls.
somebody's fucking with me, so now I'm just deleting people I know instead of people I don't. That'll show 'em
Happy Saturday on our way to see JK in Detroit, WOOT WOOT! : )
Roasted veggies and greecian chicken... Im so winning right now... Light and filling on this warm spring/summer evening all smiles this way
Popz Jus Laced Me Wita Video Camera He Finally Realized Hiz Oldest Son Got Talent. A Time 4 Dat 1st Video.
yep! And chocolates. She's good like that.
I'm caught up in my fears and it's tearing me down...
Hey Abby my sister How are you Doing tonight?
Sales conference continues with our distro clients. has a new Ferlinghetti.
Ignorant bitches -__- <<<<<<
are you watching First Take?
so sleepy at work...good thing there are no clients to see today
happy birthday!
Yes of course we're still in DFW :) wait so you got us a show at trees??? lol
I'm liking my prediction I made before the playoffs began: Indiana upsetting Miami in the 2nd round.
lmao what if its as small as him that would suck
You can tell more about a person by what he says about others than you can by what others say about him. ~Leo Aikman
I just read this- 'Repetition is the only form of permanence that nature can achieve'
I'm glad you loved the service. What could we do to improve the food?
Lmao pass me the name of that song
Girl walking in the hallway, others like " bitch you aint SHIT " -
Just shoot me an email: purplepantsgreenjersey [at] gmail [dot] com
"Not a zero sum game - We are not asking this country to focus on #YMOC at the expense of girls." Victor Saenz, UT Austin
omfg its cold!
Romney cannot be President when he gets so tied in knots when confronted with surprises. Presidency requires quick thinking & good judgment
Choir got out early, siting outside CFA just enjoying the day and drinking tea..... A definite win
Thats a great way for the people inland to learn more and hone their skills before they get out here and surf
One more day until the holiday weekend! Make your Friday go by faster by coming to Coop's for lunch!
Shania, sorry about the fall... I still think you're hot.
Billy Crystal is hosting the Oscars!!!
It's not too late. And thanks for reminding me!
The Long Holidays will be at tonight. Show starts at 8:00. 8$. 21+. 5$ PINTS!
how about we just stop the whole "YOLO" thing. mmk.
Thanks again Chris!! You are helping so much!
“If someone wants you in their life, they'll make room for you. You shouldn't have to fight for a spot." #TheSW” see, told you!!
im still picking Smoke
Very good idea. Checked, updated, fixed.
o.... forever alone
that would be riveting.
#FF Thanks for the mentions & RTs this week! via
first tweet in months. Can't wait to see you
Memorial Day weekend! I'll bring the diamonds, roses and champagne! Lol!
I wanna see a mini cooper police car full of midget cops
#FF it's to early for that shit! I got it in the am
how're you??
“: Joey doesn't have a hair brush so I'm using a fork. #Yolo.” not #YOLO just
yeah well im gonna knock em out with black nikes on my feet, and imma smile when I do
Thank you for the mention!
In the works, it takes a village to help in working with transformation.
Hate to do this but time to move on . . .
McDonalds sounds real good right now
Just wanted to say Good Job on FREE. It's getting spins from me on KYTE FM!
If it's not who you REALLY want, you'll always feel lonely.
What is. Good side
I make time for good people and loyal friends. I don't make or save time for people that aren't going to be as loyal as me.
on the road to riches watch out for the hoes and bitches
Don't make me come over there RT I suddenly have Beiber fever..
Nfl weekend and the steelers are out this sucks
Thank you!!!
i suppose, though by that logic cooking, music, and sports are also experience design, along with pretty much everything else.
Coyotes Win ; Diamondbacks beat Phillies; Going to Chase Field Wednesday! Vs Phillies !
Its FRIDAY <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
remember when nobody gave a F about the stock market? time to get back to that, let the financers starve.. oh they wont they got 100 mil.
Headed someplace warm for spring break or just day dreaming about the beach? Either way, we're having an H20 sale! All water sports...
Happy Thanksgiving! Listening to Dean Martin sing Winter Wonderland
Please send all collabs to lets work
What are you doing today?
Thank You ... go Reds ... can't wait for new casino to open downtown
awww, that's cute that you believe that lol!
everytime I see vids or tweets I think of Gotta Have It by Kanye..
Totally in the mood for some old school
Nice at-bat, Corey. Why would pitchers throw him anything other than breaking balls?
tell him Hi for me!
Did you mean you'll send me something by 10 a.m. PST or that we should talk at that time? Either way is fine. just lemme know
Aw, crap--you were at the LARB thing last night? I missed the chance to make awkward small talk.
There is nothing evil about profits, government failing to improve all it's citizens lives is. Profit is an indicator of societies success.
HEALTHCARE-15 ?'s to ask to KNOW the quality of your health ins plan and co. www.authors-corner.com/faulkner.php Order your book today.
#idothat2 :-) RT : “: Ever had too much caffeine and yet not enough? #irony #java” - daily.
I'm feeling good with a comeback in twitter after not being on 3 years, cedus la pedus
.. Even Helen Keller doesn't like the acoustics at the Main Street Armory
That AWESOME moment when you pause what you're watching & can laugh. Example: Mr. Chopra was paused making a chopping motion with his hands.
Our democracy has been hacked. It no longer works to serve the best interests of the people in this country. ~
God is bringing me out of dis.
really looking forward to Sunday and a picnic out of town. Will get the chance to meet old friends I love.
austin mahone yeah , yeah :)
Lost Dog - Chihuahua light brown with a white chest and white paws Sherman Oaks, CA. Call 818-906-0638
so weird, i NEVER use myspace for anything anymore
a simple Cuisinart citrus juicer.
So So So So Tired . . . Goodnight Tweethearts. <3
Totally agree! The bigger the risk, the greater the reward - at least that's what I strive to believe in!
have a "sweet" time :)
Finally going to see the Avengers tonight. Goddamn.
Liz Phair Tomorrow!
Five Most Common Hiking Dangers on the Trail
I love my fraaaaands
Do you know anyone represented by Matt or Ethan and Greene and Associates? <3
gotta babysit for a while dont want to
no prob BRO ;)
I was surprised!RT : Had no idea Maine was such an early victim to the temperance movement
I know many of you will miss our key lime pie, so here's the recipe: 1/2c key lime juice, 3 egg yolks, 1-12oz sweetened condensed milk.
Super sore from riding yesterday!
The only reason people get lost in thought is because it's unfamiliar territory. Paul Fix
Research: when you don't know what you're looking for but will recognize it when you find it.
did someone say DD?
I miss our daily tweets to each other!
Thanks for the info. Keep up the great work. I'll definitely check your blog/website some more. Merry Christmas!
we see you... let us know if there's anything you need from us-
Chris whatshisface from Coldplay seems like such a massive tool
So long ottawa. See you nxt game.
Just arrived in NC. About to get a sound check going.
TIM what are the results of the games at UNO so far
marry me? and come to portland oregon? <3
another day, another dolla!!! THANKS GOD I GOTTA HOLLA!!!
#penguins absolutely gave that series away. Most talented choke I've ever seen, starting with a goalie who was historically sieve-like
not raising the debt ceiling & preserving Bush tax cuts, are the Repubs trying to put us in a depression?
RT : Incredible Pizza!
Phi-fi-fo-fumble! When are you going HOME already!? Im getting bored with your chemical imbalance
but I am so bored /:
yum! The Bedford is my favorite brunch. I hope you're enjoying the bottomless mimosas.
Blargh. I need someone to play mw3 with. >>
thanks for the shares guys! happy tuesday
hey! i motor boat titties too! ;) rt ": My lady baws JayYF_ cheats on her bf with me ;) she motor boats my titties
Kobe is fatigued
i know what trend are :) i didnt know that was the abrev.
don't suck tonight! <U+E105><U+E00E>
you gave them a dollar they gave you a boner?
No, the wedding itself is on 6/9. We're just getting together with some local friends today. :)
Who dat! Two Dat! Send them Fourty Whiners home with a BIG L!
Q: Do you eat roe? A: I like to stay as far away from a lady crab's eggs as possible, if you get my meaning.
I must admit that and I do know how to have fun
you mean besides hilarious videos?
Getting out of Pittsburgh tonight..
Such is the life we've...chosen?
Oh, and HubSpot may need to think about getting a few more comfortable couches
Morning is bad. Maybe I should wait until afternoon to get out of bed?
never stop living up to your title. It's impossible anyway, but as usual you made this PPV worth it.
hey love your song #CALLINGALLTHEMONSTERS i cant get it out my head
well I've beenn sick for 4 days now
Do your marketing communications have a clear, consistent message? They should if you want your customer to get your message.
I live in Miami, am a new Yorker and jersey girl who travels a lot to Paris.
: MAKE SURE Y'ALL GO REQUEST "480 bizness" BY ON 101.5
full day... mental workout... #welcome back to
Dont let yourself be put in somebody else's box. Keep moving, growing, and this will demand that we develop new skill sets #Lyte paraphrase
Thanks for all the great articles and advice! We enjoy following you
Hahahahahaha!! #truth RT : you look like a child are you surprised?
Failure is not about insecurity, or bad luck. It's about lack of proper execution. -
yeah that would be good for ya, I'm not looking forward to the heat :(
Someone should tell Sally that #Community is moving to Fridays. That oughta do it.
or he read mass communications for dummies
Upset so I'm baking. Hopefully they will be good!
even if Mexico made a good beer i still wouldn't buy any.. happy cinco de mayo
I got me some Takís<U+2764>
Opponents are throwing everything they can at Romney this week. Now McCains opposition research book from 08 surfaces? Wow.
going late to school >>>
Movies and writing.rhymes till i crash
don't throw out your ex's shit while Bon Iver's on your iTunes, you will shed a tear or twelve
Do you excessive sleepiness? What is that - falling asleep watching tv, at stoplights, etc.
#Angels what sucks is its been the same problem for years.
created this new genre of dance music called #tala its nuts you should check it out.
When things seemingly fall apart ; it's God preset order to show out in our lives!
Happy Sunday twitter people! please RT me and like me on fbook! facebook.com/justjawaan THANKS! i still wanna be on
Aw ok ..glad u like the pic
but some people aren't visual learners! :-) Text is much better for me than photos.
A sack, fumble, and return for a TD would make for a nice hat trick for the D
Only 4. But maybe the #Orioles should take up this philosophy. Starting 4 pitchers at once is bound to get you a good performance.
baby must've been hanging out with zayn :) haha
hey dude sup
Does anyone have a handle on how much Eurozone liquidity has found its way to our stock market the last few months pushing indexes higher
lol. I just woke up my hubby. Had those same thoughts.
Officially Landed!! #NYC <U+2708><f0><U+009F><U+0097><U+00BD>
Some people in the office ordered out for lunch and "forgot" to ask me if I wanted anything. Again.
#ElClasico It is on!
Matt Nathanson warning up...peeked in!
Sorry Pollard..No INT..Instead a first down for NE..
cant believe im stopping in gainsville to get something to eat
Had tha music on full blast, nd didnt even realize there was someone at tha door, who knows how long they were there lol
A very Happy Mother's Day to you, Janna!
Had two lunches today.
I've been good. How bout u?
the more the merrier! You'll even get an interview out of the deal:)
whoa. Lol. Poor guy. :P I didn't know you guys knew each other that long.
Monk's!
Did Pau Gasol's girlfriend break up with him again?
It went great and it was fun having it locally.
Good luck on your #Xfactor audition!!!
Sucks to be you bro >_<
goodnight again friends follow also Godbless
Man need a new textin buddy :-(
Me and are going chinchilla hunting in South America!!!
"he didn't seem like the type that would explode"
Hey! Yes we do. :) We have 2 new songs so far!
when I say " your a Z hole" you say " you have a Z hole" kk hah
Love that commercial RT : Um did anyone else jut get an ad for "FarmersOnly.com" ??????!!
Are you a fan of Trueblood or Twilight? Come dressed in your Vampire or Werewolf costume during this week's Party Pit April 26 from 6pm-2am!
R.I.P Earl Scruggs. No finer picker of that 4-stringed instrument from Mother Africa!
#BallerStatus. No one we are so compatible!
WE HAD A CONNECTION AND SHIT.. BUT AT THE END OF THE DAY YOU A LIAR!
I believe that Petit Manseng is one of the state's signature whites, but may be wrong. Viognier is the other.
#ThingsMyExSaid I love you #ThingsISaid I think we should break up...
Interview with Imam Osama Hasan today at the Victoria Islamic Center to talk about Foot Hood and Alavi Foundation.
Can't wait to Watch!
North dekalb mall movie theatre. Striving for mediocrity.
"America's so great!", "there's all this glory!" America's dreaming another bedtime story for you and me. They will only limit your mind.
I like your tweet.
I AM giving away your $200 GC to at #WarmBellies Twitter party 2night! 7 pm ET Can't wait!
“We make a living by what we get, we make a life by what we give. " #quote Winston Churchill - Happy Mother's Day
If Internet Suddenly Breaks Down What to do?
parents make no since I swear!
"Im not trying to pressure you just can't stop thinking about you, you aint even really gotta be my girlfriend."
Day 1, am I already fried. <U+2600> yolo <U+270C>
hey sis r u on
Changing out the front bearings this morning
just wanted to say something...um(: this is pretty hard to say but your hot
i feel like your creepin everyones tweets :) am i right or what?
I dunno! Ha just am
seems like I am bitchin' alot tonight! should be stitchin! y tu???
i swear last nite was not the nite and i will never do that shit again
I really love that record.
- Nothing , Just Going Over My Friend House. Aye .
I think that's in Portland, not Seattle. Wish it were everywhere.
its going down @ Nectar Lounge in Harlem 2night, 121st and Frederick Douglas -9pm-the plan is to make a memorable Sat night for all involved
One simple way to prevent rental fraud: Acquire your rental real estate leads from an established
We will be recording a special acoustic version of "Last Story" and maybe “Disappear” Saturday.
My daughter, who I haven't heard sing since her grade school talent shows, is auditioning for AI on Friday. Hope we see :)
the Commodore has been gassy lately.
Feed your brain with McLane
YKI! “: goo chiefs www”
I Would Be A GREAT Big Sister!
Chris was a cuttee baby
im pissed my pc is too slow for d3!
lmao! Mayb cause they thirsty for that seamen. Ya knw she ain't gunna eat that ddick unless she a crazy ass hoe
Haven't even looked at the SB yet, but I know NE has a good (+105) price at -3 at some places.
I was talking about you.. Oh
miss you! It's hard not to talk to the iPad. #awkward #famous barista
: as it turns out... I likey the beer
Happy Birthday!
": Those who stay will be champions!" It's all about the money for some!
Thank you Culture Shock for bringing music and dance to the work
Fruit snacks and NyQuil ..
RT if you have a imstagram,facebook keek,youtube and of course twitter!!!!!!! of course i have all them LIKE A BOSS(:
An empty stomach may be the most powerful prayer posture in Scripture. - Mark Batterson "The Circle Maker"
Kalyn Kamps with seven strikeouts through three innings as Belmont leads 1-0 entering the fourth.
Stop coming out the house half naked -___-'
Damn there were too many people performing and speaking tonight
He is moving there soon don't worry lol RT #NowListening If I Ever Fall in Love - Shai ... #Throwback #LoveIt #WheresMyBoo?!
yup u ain't bout this life lol
LET's GO STEELERS!!! We need a WIN!!
#herworld Jennie, gr8 to have u there. Ur attendance helped encourage others. thanks!
hahahaha Too funny.
Plenty of witnesses say he did it. But it's ancient history. I hold these guys accountable for stuff after they turn 18.
Snapbacks and tattoos.
good for you Jeanne. You're well on your way hun. xo
": YearBook Is the best class, I NEVER do anything in here haha" Boy That's All My Classes
Loving right now. So excited to see and this Saturday!
Just had a really successful demo!
Long Island was awesome last night! Philly today at UACA hall 10 bucks 7 awesome bands be there!
RT : "If you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing....
follow me i will follow back and give shouts outs
... I see what you did there.
it will be around may for my birthday
This has been the longest week of my life!
I feel like one day....ima get soo tired of him doing this & just....say goodbye..../:
Should be a very entertaining series. What a wonderful year for basketball!!!
I hear and I forget, I see and I remember, I do and I understand.
CHECC OUT NEW VIDEO...REMIX 2 DRAKE'S "MOTTO"--TRAYVON MARTIN TRIBUTE! NOW ON YOUTUBE....................ONE SHOT "TRAYVON MARTIN!
still. Come, come
Out of church, about to get it in at Jackson's.
Ilove you too<3(: we née to bring them old days back(:
Headache. I need a bubblebath.
Ugh my phone is pissin me off
#myweekwithmarilyn Monroe: " I am the sights"- Ugh.
I can't WAIT to see the play!
Did u see that!!!!
think that's doable, at maybe 1 pm? will confirm
What matters more to you: winning #DWTS or wearing a #Packers uniform in 2012 season?
i'm surprised you were not on here earlier, gina. (if #2amt were Ninja Turtles, Bedard would be Michalanglo)
When your mom gets mad at you for your new VS underwear. -__-
Doesn't seem to work well on my iphone. RT : If you guys have more feedback on , I want it.
2 PEOPLE SAME HOUSE AND NOBODYS TALKING
I confess i have a gambling problem now they put a casino within five mins walking distance from me lol ... Oh thou the temptations lol
we have a bunch of members going to see you there I hope!
And since the Ivy won't participate in postseason play, the Pioneer winner would get a walkover. Sorry Pasadena.
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I so funnnyyy
always. And barging into my room. Like I don't sleep with clothes on nigga chill. Lol
Cannes est toujours belle. ;)
best mommy in the world
EXACTLY!": let #trayvonmartin's parents speak please!!!! attorneys and ministers bogarting the press conference. #cnn"
fight me.
C&P's database to constanly updated, so results never exactly match current VA files or publications
Wish there was a "like" button on Twitter!
So young, so full of life and vibrant side by side wherever you was riding I went.
Cmon Milwaukee let.the sunshine!
It seems so old, but hard work & dedication is still the key..
*Just in Case* you ever need an attorney, Top Tier is the only trusted source for an attorney for your legal needs! HAVE A GREAT THURSDAY!!
yah that's a rough commute! ;)
LMAO. Early Xmas present.
I know. I met her a year ago and had a blast with her :-( life is too short.
Hey Sacramento! I'll be doing Halloween pet photos at Incredible Pets today starting at 1:00. 4005 Manzanita Ave, Carmichael, CA.
Hi Danny
Building an igloo around my desk in honor of the building's ridiculously powerful AC and my co-workers' need to work in arctic temperatures.
New video = AMAZING SHIT!!!!
My theory is if you play that then the POTUS comes on TV & say's we're going to war, enlistments would skyrocket!
Wish I would have known it existed....
Understand that libraries are something of sharing information and knowledge
Turned the TV on at the perfect time.
What's the point of the NFL appeal process: you're appealing to the same commissioner who made the original decision?
the sponsor package said 4 years.
For the next 6 days my life is stress. Infinite stress. As much stress as my poor brain can handle. STRESS.
EVERYBODY give me the most #randomsongs you can think of from the year 2003 and back.....GO!
The only unbearable thing is that nothing is unbearable.
My favorite albums of 2011 are take care & Under the mistletoe
Been writing some awesome songs lately! Who wants to hear some new music?!?!? (:
... Yea, Heat fans usually don't care too much about losing, since they still have 7 titles coming thier way in the near future.
: Thank you! Happy Friday!
I am reminded of that about every 5 minutes!
that's an interesting thought!
discarding cassette tapes. bliss.
do you have a happy hour in your Alexandria location? If so, from when to when?
Well, I'm sure there will be much more wine throwing at my shoot than with , so you'll be missing out :-P
hey i never got an email, should i have gotten it by now??
the editor is pumped up about our next pick .!!! get ready traders our PREPUMP alert is coming soon!!!!
The refusal to admit change in our lives is a major obstacle to transformation. We cling tenaciously to our habitual ways of doing things.
cocktails and cooking.
It's about that time. What are you doing for lunch #Denver? !
I forgot everything ..but thank you :) & I sometimes I wanna take their yoga pants & tie it around their mouth ..
Omg. WE NEED TO SKYPE.
RT : Mythbusters did an episode on this, they found that a ducks quack does in fact have a slight echo
Just watched #Rio "you gotta be like a crazy love hawk ahwook" hehe :P
howmany times have u been to a game and seen espns top#1play...#its worth every $$$mtm$$$more210$$$satx$$$
Weighing pros/cons on how to create new book lists. So far only 1 pro for #Library Thing - name recognition. Worldcat Lists is kicking ass!
Google Adwords. Used to Spent $3k per day. Now I'm lucky to spend $300 - Take my money Please!
Start WLC (Warrior Leaders Course) tomorrow! 2 1/2 weeks of the US Army's elite beginning leadership school at Fort Bliss.
The beauty of a girl cannot be mimicked, fabricated, or created by human means, it only occurs naturally. ~ Pam Callaghan
It's finally opening day for the ! Who's going to the game?
Thanks Paul! Great Wednesday to you my friend and thanks for being so supportive to a creepy guy :)
Hey was he at the Renaissance hotel?
is glowing with gratitude.
U gotta have candy corn teeth to wear that says Michael Kors!
Like Wise Greg.
if you're able to do so, the girls at wegmans who's name tags say in russian "i speak russian" love when you flirt with them in it...
i would say 23
Genuses? Really? Brother Gavin, my 4th Year Latin teacher, just blew a gasket.
Dependability is the product of accountability.
Matt Flynn the next Skins QB?
Dope, just dope.....
I've got a year until graduation and I'm trying to figure out what to do to make that year matter.
LARA FABIAN - I Am Who I Am: via
Sometimes I wish I could go back to freshman year. Not because I have regrets, but because I'm not ready for this part of my life to be over
Jake is a liar.
have a fabulous time:)
I'll throw it up on the site. Cant wait to hear and review it.
Idk Why I Be Having Guns Knowing Ian Shoot Jail Ain't For Me I LOVE My Freedom Nd Tha Pussy Too
#BeThere for a kid! Buy a bowling pin for $1 at Jack in the Box - ALL proceeds go to Big Brothers Big Sisters of Eastern Missouri!
MISTLETOE amazing !
April 12th Twitter Thursdays begin inside of Endless Music!
Last night's "The Magic Flute" was the perfect opera for the kids.
Emmanuel Hudson Yo man you should make a song called Ratcheet Girl Smell Or Rathceet Girl Stank
Also enjoyed meeting Olive Technolgy's Jon Hirst. They are doing some great things in India, Indonesia and Colorado Springs.
The U.S. too pays inflated prices for pharmaceuticals. Why are we accepting this system? Where is the demand for transparency?
Soon after publishing his first website, he started to gain some traction from businesses in need of his services
They found a crematorium and asked the prisoners where they were. The men responded that it was a camp called Dachau.
#hassynyc Shot my challenge 8 today. Look fir it son.....
Vita Coco is clearly the most superior of all coconut waters. Except the one that actually comes right out of the coconut.
What was the BeeGees video we did? Which song was i flying through the air on ? Thinking of Robin Gibb right now.
Bynum is a 7year vet. Age aside, he has reached his ceiling...the lakers should have traded him when his value was super high 2 yr ago
Bored rn... Anyone wanna text?
lol i think you forgot to mention the person who gave you a shoutout
Ha! A stylish #EtherGeek swim-team back-stroking on the ether :-)
Maybe I should just get a wig and nicki minaj it this weekend ...
off to #cardiobarre.... feeling the burn already!
Thanks, you rock! I'll be sure to use the form next time, sorry about that!
I keep forgetting that today is Friday :p
Lookin' good Bryan! Look forward to checking it out.
are you still online? please say you are!!
Ran with reindeers today, literally... it's an Alaska thing :)... I was trying to ride one.. but the snow was too mushy... got kicked :( lol
I think I have an unhealthy crush on Captain America
#twittertools SocialWhoIs: This website is a proof of concept that a better Social Media can exist; a social media based on interests and “p
I know your thoughts . Oh you bout it bout it ?
Mom: I need to take all my drugs. Brother: I'm right behind you, mom.
Maybe I could use one when I'm up on the top of my ladder cleaning windows!
: took scads of video; will let you know if/when any gets posted.
Always a pleasure to listen to you.
Chicago is sold out -_-
how was the show?
Big week wrapping up interviews on young adult unemployment w/super crew
The sixth of Steven Saylor's The Seven Wonders stories is out now in the May Ellery Queen Mystery Magazine. It's set at Olympia.
Kevin Sizemore rocks on
and that's why you'll either change your pants or not have breakfast.
Time for the perculator
This social media pres looks great. knows his audience: cute kittens and adorable children in the slidedeck
The saddest aspect of life right now is that science gathers knowledge faster than society gathers wisdom.
You got that too? I did too this morning! Apparently, the spammers got ahold of the Seattle startups list somehow.
Does anyone know if we actually have to use a meal for midnight breakfast tonight?
time o kick some ass in yahtzee :)
Happy 5th of July!
But I'm Fasho about to tear them greens up later...
absolutely nothing to do at downtown
I'll take the cow.
Is there in-n-out in Mariposa?
i will . tomorrow morning .
heck yea!!!
Audience question for & : how do you engage younger artists to get involved in the study & preservation of
Dallas TX. 48 years ago today. The memories are still vivid for me.
(and a cheeseball, but I can't help it)
Uhh..it already went by. lol.
I need updates on UW-Whitewater title game!
now that's funny!!
But who do you twitter-follow vs who's in your g+ circles? Surely there's a difference, especially at this point in g+'s life.
Oh we swear, all right!
Earl's not gonna be the same anymore.
it's not as though cell phones erased the heartaches of break-ups, eg.
lmao guess when we get called out we stop following people!!!
just to add my thought, it's one of my favorite songs because simply of the message
Good morning #Boston friends!! Hope you enjoy this beautiful Sunday :)
Wonder how the employment problem will change the way we think about labor issues like pay, type of work & different classes of labor
Where is Pepsi getting all their market research from? WHO IS DEMANDING ALL THESE SLIGHTLY DIFFERENT VERSIONS OF PEPSI?!
Infantino Balance Baby Carrier, Spindles, 8-35 Pounds | Infant Sling
according to 3rd party sources (my kids) I have been told it was excellent. Eventually they will stop eating & I will get my turn
Petroski's great achievement is "science for non-scientists". Not sure I buy that concept either.
Im scared for you is gonna get ya lol....Im just gonna keep sending these tweets lol
figuring that out today. Just finished reading F&H an hour ago. Will let everyone know tonight!
Back this weekend, started feeling a little too West Coast. Did you have fun playing superstar at the mall?
shut it ! I don't knw how to put one up lol ! I just accidentally learned to reply lol
How is it one careless match can start a forest fire, but it takes a whole box to start a campfire?
6:30 pm today the Cute Is What We Aim For interview will be posted. I unfortunately did not catch up with TBL, but will do so son!
How there are people in the world that hate tomatoes, I will never understand.
Nap time doee <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I fucking love you man!
is ready to strangle these creative teams on THE PITCH. So am I. We've had 10 killer ideas already. Them? 0
good luck today u got fans in Omaha rooting for a 2nd Green Jacket at
Down here at the legendary Tootsies! Check out 103 FM or www.103wkdf.com.
My son is having a bachelor party on Saturday &I am scaring him, by promising to bring strippers. He knows I won't but he is still worried
#AGT the freak show is back
Just realized I won't see my Parkers tonight. Boo Oh well more time with
Finally off of work! 430, I thought u might never show up!
I like 8tracks because you can upload your own and create your own playlists.
At San Diego City Council hearing supporting next step for San Diego Convention Center Expansion project. An important boost for our economy
get out while you can
RT You know who can't say he's "evolving"? Romney.
My wife & I were unable to attend the Northside 5K due to emergency. Can we still get our shirts somehow?
saw this one!
Pizza of the Week: Hawaiian Luau - Canadian bacon & pineapple with mozzarella.
Where the Hell you been? Shoot me your instagram if you have one
It it aint worth the money, it damn sho aint worth the time!
Thank you for the tweet. Honestly, this is a great opportunity for students. Under Armour treats interns very well.
What a great game between LA and VAN. End to end all night, excellent goaltending. Helluva lot of fun to watch.
heyy i saw ur comment...thank u :)) i worked VERY hard on it!
heard you on KPRI (San Diego) tonight. Getting lots of airplay = great.
Hey waz up
I'm still cold !
he probablly likes you no boy says that to a girl for nothing (':
Won't argue Artest wanted space/was going to move Harden, but I keep watching and don't think the elbow to head was intentional
What more can you ask for - getting paid for doing what you love
Interesting CB pick by the #Packers. Still not sure what they have in House given injury last year.
thanks for the awesome video. I loved the music :)
I love my mom
please follow me? :D heheheh i love you
Truth be told I miss you.. Truth be told i'm lying
though I'm obsessed with Iceland, I'd stick to calling you David. My Icey language skills are a bit crap.
#Avengers Major fangirl moment. So good!
Mari!! Como estas?
Spicy buffalo wheat thins >
We hope you enjoyed your brunch today! Enjoy the rest of the weekend.
Competition cuts down Medicare fraud
about to get a shower, missing ashly so much. seeing her tomorrow yay. and she bought me new axe. WOO HOO!!!
immediate block
Whoops I broke the entire museum. SORRY GUYS.
We're huge fans of your site. Found you on the internet and now we can't stop reading: excellent posts on design and architecture!
check out article on the nba lockout, www.weeklylineup.net,
Make yourself necessary to somebody. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Thank you! Some day maybe, all my dreams'll be repaid...
woo hoo! psyched.
Is our mail down?
Only Nba Scouts would pack a UK vs UNC go CATS!!!!
(: sounds like a plan! What year?
keeping yall in my prayers. Hang in there.
Good brings better, better brings the best... It's not always happen but it can happend if we do it.
Thx for the mention, Holly. Susan
Always happy to help grow the community!
Good morning everyone :)
my students won't stop giving me candy!!!!
I have Samsung glaxay 1 , I like the customization of android but the fragmentation is concerning
Did I?
Wicked people are always surprised to find ability in those that are good. Marquis De Vauvenargues
Finally made it home! Now sleep.
Almost to Nahville with We have 7 more exits to go
Kansas State and Mizzou fans
do you bond with will a lot?
.....a natural tendency is to want to be understood rather than understand.....(listen to me!!!!!).....
absolutely. #running community on twitter is the best!
feels like it's been forever since I worked...tomorrow morning.
Excited to share HERB with a group of pre-service social studies teachers at NYU this afternoon!
RT": Guys shud save kissing them lips below the waist for special women only"
It's totally a delivery day! Oh, wait, almost every day is for me lately:-)
That's the name of my email file for you!
not patronizing sorry I've been super busy next few years potential major life changes
Follow follow follow, please! ( :
Thoughts and prayers to Judy this afternoon! Get well soon!
RT : i might give the celtics Royce White instead of Doron lamb. I love the c's getting henson though
Where you still interested in being featured in my magazine?
The Hip Hop Generation by Bakari Kitwana is a real good book.
I do lol
The first law of dietetics seems to be: if it tastes good, it's bad for you. Isaac Asimov
Ah...the encyclopedic MS knowledge comes thru. Thx! RT : you see it in Lacryma
Why yes, in fact I DO LOVE sunny warm weather
Thats the 2nd person today that told me i look like a school girl. :)
Bring back your cover of "Black" by We'd go apeshit!
I love Austin for being him he doesn't have to change for anyone. He's perfect in my eyes.
I am curious as to how folks define social media beyond Twitter/Facebook. E-newsletters? Wikipedia? Blogs?
Any questions or comments about our services...? Feel free to email me at ! www.MyBizXchange.com
Hey, not yet, have to bring a copy. It was inspiring to see how so much support for Oakland today.
When did nicki start doing pop music
“: Will do! Can't wait!! #Shots RT : happy to see u again tonight :) come to say hello!”
We're on the island now, too. We'll give as much news as we can.
haha, thanks, Rei! I can't believe it's Monday :/ and I can't believe it's almost March, too!
Kristen Ghodsee joins us at the Brown Bag Lecture Series tomorrow to talk about her book "Lost in Transition". Noon to 1:00pm in the Rines.
My wife got hit on by a door-to-door salesman today. Feel free to ask her about it!
Yea its crazy! Apparently my dad had a crush on your mom "back in the day"
sure, why not? [and] throw your Dodger loving picture up there. ;-) j/k any friend of baseball is a friend of mine.
I LAVE YOU BABY <U+2665> Don't ever forget that I hope you're feeling better!
Efficiency is doing things right; effectiveness is doing the right things -Peter Drucker
Master Chief wouldn't make it on Helgast though.
This game is going to give my ass a heart attack lol
#DYK Beef cattle production is the single largest segment of American agriculture
#MUNI pretty much ruins my day. Everyday. The system needs to encourage people to move in and not congregate at the doors!
Your perfect.<3
said we should hang out, but has yet to txt me!
I like just about everything. Indian and Chinese are my favs- glad Great Dane and Jac's have GF menus though
Sounds incredible! I am mapping out my Wellness Week shortly, I will have to stop by for one of the specials :)
now i have a fever...
•...increases the value simply because everything else made by man decays over the years and decades.
New! 0-calorie chocolate that tastes as good as the real thing! ...No, of course not. But I'll bet YOU lied about the Easter Bunny yesterday
Dont give a F who the #Knicks play
My 1st #NBA game? It might have to be a courtside event. Love
I like both. RT : Q2b -Do new staffers want socializing with coworkers, supervisors or both?
"Kindness is more important than Wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of Wisdom." ~Theodore Isaac Rubin
RT : San Antonio this Thursday 4/12 EndLess Music
I must have just missed you two. I just left the pool... There were too many drunk teens there for me.
Time to work on this speech for history #blah <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Psalm 16:8 thoughts and prayers with our precious family....
Concert tonight with mom at church!! YES!!:)
Honestly, I could live at Cinnabon, no matter the rest stop.
ya no soporto a felipe i a rodrigo (artan)
Big announcement?
word!! You willing 2 compete?
Ok, 3rd cup of coffee #ladygaga in my head OKC is still in bed!
Late at night, when I can't sleep..I think about you and me and what we used to be.
top 2 scorers in 1 game?
Laying in bes listening to love songs, thinking about you...god I miss you :(
Words to live by: "Karma's only a bitch if you are."
:) when u smile it makes everything so much better:)
I hope everyone has a great Easter!
Agreed. I try to cancel at least 2 per week.
declare sacred time a yourself and others
should be expecting an appointment from me soon :D
and I know she doesn't buy new things because she is saving to take us on vacation please help my mommy please <3 love kaylin
so someone shut off my computer. It's at 17% but it's not going. I'll start it when I leave.
Thanks #ASTD for hosting the #TK11 conference. I can't wait to start incorporating some great tips I learned into my e-Learning!
Shout out to the homie and playing against each other 2nite
lol don't even need to use words anymore all emojis
"Everyone smiles in the same language." - Author Unknown
what? A self imposed suspension?
It's never good when someone is taking pictures of the huge storm clouds coming your way!
WHO HAS A TWITTER ACCOUNT??? Follow us
Representatives of rival Palestinian movements Fatah and Hamas say they have agreed on measures to end an impasse in reconciliation talks.
I had to give my goldfish away today. I'll miss you Pablo the fish.
Oh yea. You gon feel that shit.
Traffic in Newberg, really?!
#RatchetChicSuperPowers being able to tell you what kind of car he drives just by looking at him
Love MOVIES w/ LADY BOSSES!! #Columbiana# #HayWire#
Excited to get down to N.O. for the final four. Going to be fun learning from the best in the business and catching up with other coaches.
YES #a2z is hiring in 2012! Check us out at a2z.com/oc
my phone died..hold up a sec and i'll call you back
"The best investor is your customer."
pretty color! =)
Please please don't say "inevidently" and then wonder why you can't find a date.
Say hi to the WINNING #Rangers for me. :)
Google Chrome is the best. I can block ads! Makes my internet experience so much better....and faster, too.
Wade bounced off BDiddy like he ran into a fat Mac truck.
Where's Obama when you need him? There's a f-ing fly that's been terrorizing me in the office since this morning.
Higher off the ground.
See you tonight at 8pm at Frenetic Theater for more OUR HOUSE! #Black Lab Theatre
to many tests to much studying.. My brain is like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> and all I can say is <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00B2><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF><U+26A1><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0084>
If you are patient in one moment of anger, you will escape a hundred days of sorrow - Chinese proverb
Listen to lyfe jennings while workin got me feelin bless
Now at Hybrid Mobile Apps #sxsw #nativeweb but really want to got the Top Chef panel... maybe...
Im so good at procrastinating to not work out -____________- .... enoughs enough..... Running now #sendlove haha
it really isn't worth it
thanks for joining #THATCamp Bay Area as a supporting sponsor!
hum of city vs. house. pros and cons.
Charmed American Television WB Witches TV Series THREE HOT WITCHES Youth Kids Black T-shirt Tee Shirt
Nice updates Dan!
Thank You for such kind words. So glad to be connected with you. Looking forward to reading your book.
Happy Birthday :D
Dissertation. It will be a fun battle!
Real People. Real Cash Back. Congrats Judith H. of Arvada, CO. She earned $181 cash back on a recent purchase at Lifetime Windows & Siding!
I'm getting into basketball games and the spirit because of my boyfriend lol
I take back my statement of "Stellar Day." I forgot the universe has a Manos clause wherein if I say it outloud, it takes away.
Yall boyz stay on the grind make the next big star
THIS WEEKEND WILL BE EPIC!!!!
ok, now you may be right. The fur collar is very Clyde.
Every day u get stronger,u fear the future less.Hard times serve to inspire u and can be what propels u to happiness and success later
That was a quiet move, did anyone see Brewers picked up Takahashi Saito? One of the better relief pitchers in the game
You're the awesome one!
hahaha.. im a jordan girl more a knight ryder... love me the brothers
Santé! RT beer for the Superbowl? nah, was all about martini of St Germain, Vodka& fresh meyer lemon juice.
I love you ! Great show!
If someone doesn't pray, they probably don't have a church. Aha.
Why the hell would she pick an Adele song? Too many Adele songs! 3 sang Adele last night. like wtf. but I like this rock twist!
Have an awesome workout x
Thanks for the RTs!
Don't worry, be happy. <U+270C>
Thanks! It's a RPS original :)
A heartfelt thanks to all who took part in our Launch Party yesterday. It's good to be part of such a dynamic, supportive community.
hahaha it is :(
AAVG lots of chatter tonight on upcoming weeks... Strong close all week holding above 50DMA
“: glad to see ya back on the news! Right in the onions! Classic!” -- thanks Brandon. I really felt bad for the ump :)
Raw Business Presents : Hollywood HipHop Night Hosted by Performances by and more 4TIX (608) 819-8010
oh really
nothing yet! I need to make something happen! I just like the city... thats all. lol
RT : Having a blast! rockin' it tonight! .... Thanks for calling! WTF!
So she mad cause i hadem before she did ? Lol okay - ..
Holdin it down for all my winners out there
"Creep" Opening Night.
Ikr I'm so Happy and btw if u can, come over on Friday because Vanessa is and we can have a sleepover!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Some things just don't need a response.
Welcome back !!
Social experiment for the week: Using "that'll do, pig" in really inappropriate contexts.
lol watching the movie?
Smith is such a liability on the offensive end. Kills momentum.
go by iTunes and get your free download of "live to rise" by Soundgarden, from the Avengers soundtrack
Lol "how did that chick get pregnant"
Come to 2354 n Milwaukee to #saveourclincs - get Rahm to reopen this and 5 other community mental health centers.
Shoutout to my gorgeous :D
so what time is it over there?
So that's why it's taking forever for me to download files...
#WeKnowTheDj that Dj dirty darren ... D Stain bieeeetch... EEk !!! It's a front, she hoes !!! Bwahah
you are so cute
because in real life, when X was just sitting there before the show, I just stood and stared at them. because I LOVE X.
Nationwide get on my side ......
lol i know boo
Going to see a neurologist tomorrow... Hope I'm not crazy.
Watching CEO Sarah Brown talk about U..S. teen birth rates on
Happy Friday!
Monday morning shout out to for just being awesome. Thx again!!
Congrats to on his 1st day as Digital Strategist for ! #shockers nation is proud for u, Matt!
I really kinda wish i had a bike.
Thanks to our staff, front and back for doing what they do best all of last week! New Week Now...Happy Monday CLE! Enjoy the Week!
Sorry guys. but i can't follow back anymore...
what was it about?
Homework, clean, cook, repeat.
Anyone who says he can see through a person is missing a lot. ~Groucho Marx
Interactive Videography-With pre-loaded digital exhibits & demonstrative evidence, we capture the live interaction w/them by your witness.
“: I was going for the PB&J record last night.” // Peanut butter & jelly?
ladys i love my man because he'll try to give me heaven when ive been through hell,move mountain so i can maintain, find one like that
Ah, that was fun(:
That last RT of goes to She'll get the joke:)
hahahha! they just wanna be that pretty (;
Thank you for covering Memories in the Making at Kittle's Furniture in Castleton! #alzheimer's
completely clean. No problem with that hit whatsoever. All the fair-weather fans I'm with are bitchin.
Mr. Geldres is mad..lol cause someone said weed is good.
It's an old White woman in Wilcox County that just keeps up evil all the time. She needs to be more concerned about her breathing.
its always good to work with great minds.. art direction #fashion/tv/film
"In Barbados, a loud cricket means money is coming in"-Wish I was in Barbados! There is a loud cricket outside/9:30am!! LOL
It's important to have it checked than just curing it without knowing the reasons for its discomfort. :-)
worldwide, in Louisville ky. It's Derby Day. Lol.
Hour-long conversation with my mom. She's truly the most selfless and giving person I know. Always feel better after talking to her.
wanna go to a concert tonight?
No hun, I don't want your boyfriend. Nobody wants your boyfriend... that's why he's with you.
ai what about Jay Park! Oh wait...he lives in America
oh I an
knock 'em dead! Not literally.
the AMC has had inv. journ. wkshps before, but i don't know if there's anything planned for
Tonight is Wednesday, you know what that means - $10 off all bottles of wine all night long.
;) I shaved and waxed my eyebrows and did a hair mask and a face mask and took a bath!
The morning birds are out
-I shld expand in my new tumblr, but the more my system depends on a specific implementation of a nosql, the higher cost of regret.
Pretty upset the bid kids get free tickets the night of prom...
I feel like <U+E05A>
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur! Happy kitty, sleepy kitty, purr, purr, purr!
I'm leaving my office at 6, since you have the tickets where do you want to meet?
How was the party in Ft.Lauderdale this weekend?
Our sincerest apologies to our followers for not following back! Had a little Hacker mole but that's history! Love ur tweets! UR Hollywood!
Pre-debate: Bon Filner in Green Room eating all Juan Williams' fruit.
RT Tweet now if you the baddest bitch In your crew,or think you are!! I know I am!!!!!!!!!!
. Thanks for the mentions. Happy Sunday.
anthony davis will be Lexington Sports Cards on friday from 5-8pm est signing autographs!!!
Get 20% off your spring cleaning appointment!
Thank you!! Enjoy your last weeks of school and congratulations on graduating as well!
dang! I thought you bought it somewhere! I looooovveee mountain dew!
You said you'd always be there for me! But you're not.
City vs Wolves next. Come on Wolves!!
Excellent point, thx :-) RT : I would head home. The roads are only going to get worse.
Out n about <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Finally got an exacta. $32.....winning
You're such a hater. Hating on---umm---calling people haters? lol
Can't wait to get off work. Got a good feeling bout the weekend
I hate being cold.
Happy Teachers day to
Nifty flyer designs to your next show, party, event, etc. for a fair price of only $5. More work will be posted soon. Check out our family.
If you'd ever been to the Vanderbilt Mansion in Hyde Park, NY, you'd have seen some beauties like these.
theres always next time!
Diekman! Now that's how you do it!!
happy birthday! I got some birthday burpees for you if you're ever in ATL!
RT : Took the day off from Poker and picked up some more odds and ends for my place. BR $2150.00<~go Jody!
i'm starting to think i'm never going to be happy on a monday morning
To all my followers and all I follow Merry Christmas.I ask only one thing of you for Christmas please follow Gods Chosen One
dont be bitter that its a lonley world in b223 right now
Bad shit is gonna happen in life. Don't get mad, get a plan.
Do or do not. There is no try. -Yoda
Sunshine on the way for #SanDiego! Overcast skies will break mid-morning. Mainly sunny day. 69 coast, 76 inland, 67 mtns, 91 desert.
When I grow up, I fully intend to own a closet full of #Louis Vuitton and #Louboutin. That is, of course, after my dream trip to #Paris. <3
kayden, your so stupid. Think about it. Its obvious your kayden. Get over yourself.
Congrats to Houston and their fans! Hope to see the stadium in person sometime.
If there's one person you can be sure knows the Queens English, It's the Queen of England.
I should have been filming pieces the whole time. Would have made for a great vid
you are stunning! :) Just thought I should let you know. x
Didnt he have a song or album named Chicken & Beer?
Being a Mahomie is the best(: right
Cm punk lets go cena
Cool! Can't wait. See you there! Have a great time at Coachella.
Teacher wants to help students be more effective peer editors. Does anyone have some good resources? Thanks!
indeed! the pleasure was mine.
Just spotted a pee-pee teepee. Yep.
just got done recording a voiceover for the first Official Transcendant trailer im excited
wtf satan's the fat mexican cousin of chef boyardee
you better not get there late tmrw lol ...
que que que
yes thank you next Sunday baby
Wow! I love it! The Cheesy fall, taking the Christmas tree down with her, was high art.
Justin Timberlake & Friends Concert @ Planet Hollywood Christina Aguilera, Diddy-Dirty Money, Salt-N-Pepa, The Scene and T-Pain + More
i am so going home and napping after work today...
I love , especially his inability to mention people in tweets. I will teach you one day twitter grasshopper.
Words to live by "Keep it cute *snap snap hairflip* or put that shit on mute -
But,i would likeit if I had one.
LaffyTaffy all the way!
All other end of days are the cure for natural causes.
OMB!! I LOVE U JB!!With out u I wouldn't be able to face the real world! I LOVE U SOO MUCH! <3 beginning till the end
USA: As a nation we have creative people, Unfortunately, our commitment towards creativity and unique talents were less than enthusiastic.
Family time in Spain, for me the most beautiful place in the world! C U in a couple of weeks guys!
The largest yet most fragile thing in the universe: The male EGO
Welcome new followers and ~ Have a happy #Valentine's Day.
He uses tape liberally.
Damn, Sen. Torres Ray is about to beat someone down.
i try
you're not going to sleep in 5 days. you already are an energizer bunny!
Oh & Thunderstorms are beatiful. End of story.
First time in Davis Square since seeing Bad Manners with
What's your favorite children's book? Check it out of the library and read it to your favorite kid this week!
as a result of differences in wealth and per capita standard of living. Only, I find the Westerner a lot more self-righteous.
it is #don'tlike
IDK but I dont wanna stay in shit its the summer ! :)
After doing a musical tribute to I think I should be fair and post one for everyone on #TGP2 Probably next.
McDonald's for dinner! Who wants some? :D
And I love seeing that mess “: Larry Merchant is the definition of a hot mess”
Paul McCartney is getting married for the 3rd time this Sunday. That's the same day John Lennon would have turned 71.
Need to start working out again, and get in shape.
couldn't agree more!
See DJ Radyus of Chris Styles' DJs Friday 9pm-close.
What does "stepping outside the box" mean to you?
RT : My yoga instructor is teaching me how to sit Indian style on my own head. It's not as easy as it sounds.
“: OMG #prettylittleliars was so god!!! #Aday . Cant wait until next season already. #june5th” yes! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Thanks Chris.. You're awesome. RT And with this hiring choice, Goodby continues to show their quality.
Watering the backyard, working on the battery on the SwaggerWagon, and calculating new fence costs. What a hot Friday night!
one point lead!!!
For executable papers: www.worrydream.com/Tangle
What do u mean no reason bro... I respect the rings and the stats. Im tired of people looking for the next Jordan.
currently consuming.
Sorry for all these suck ass tweets but don't like well fuck you too!! Lol
Trying to decide on dinner: Salmon with rice and salad or Strippers and beer. It's a tough one...
Bought some Kickers and hate them already, they've practically rubbed half my heel off!
#vsa2011 Disturbing the Eternal Silence of the Gallery:Dialogue about hunger.Art, public programing, and evaluation raise awareness.Awesome
#SomeoneIWantToMeet , he's my idol.
Time to get buff, bra! Goin' to the gym, liftin' weights, seein' manly bods at the gym. Awww yeah
RT Tune in to me on
ohh damn. That sucks bro
this is a great iformation thanks Caleb!
hahaha my cat would NEVER let me stick a chinese container on her head- that would be the day!
Watching Rickey smiley on b.e.t funny as hell
we love your cause and are happy to help. Looking forward to the art show!
I can't tweet on my other account, so yeah. Idk why
actually you and your georgian should come out to the farm! im away for a bit but will try you mid may
Tell her i said wassup . i miss her already .
oh yea very true...and hes not very good at that
what do you call a man who just lost his left arm and leg? all right ZING!
That's shit was funny haha
National Teacher Day, May 8th. #thankateacher!
yes, right my love.. What r u doing ??
Do we have date & time for the great adventure?
Gold Coast Skydiving in Lumberton, MS. I believe they drop higher than the one in Slidell.
I'm looking 4 local artist (Detroit) 2 get up on this project! I'm telling u its gonna put Detroit back on da map as the Music capital. Rap!
Biggest obstacle to innovative collaborating is fear
The scammers&spammers r back @ it sending me DM's:Jobs where I can make thousands a day,ways 2 stop gossip rumors, & now hookups.Just click!
lol yea lets hope no one calls cps and finds us day drinking & beating up chirren
Saw parts of two of the #worstmovies ever made #today. Air Bud 2,Golden Retriever and Robocop 3. #whatwerethesepeoplethinking?
freaking joe cant just replied to me on his twitcam. omg.
ps: i have a headache, someone feel free to bring me an americano
do you wanna go back on tinychat please im bored please
Summary Box: Yahoo to double Olympics presence
saturday studio visit goes great. now i am happy to be awake. (had a dream about zombies in a mental facility before alarm woke me up)
s/o to all my followers. much love <U+2665>
exactly. A risk/reward proposition. Diamonds-in-the rough would be real value add for a draft prognosticator (fromNFL fan POV)
: Halloween video suggestion - "You'll Find Out": bad musical w/ Karloff, Lugosi, Lorre & a clarinet "talk box." No lie.
I love learning new things!
Patron asked if I can assign worksheets/homework for the computer class.
A huge portion of advanced education is lifting the fog of the corpus. Someone needs to deploy the Predator drone or TIA of publishing.
Reds win on a walk off Chris Heisey base hit. .500 homestand isn't that bad of a start considering how bad they looked the previous 2 games!
my mom got sick of me renting #weboughtazoo every other day on verizon, so she just bought it for me. Lol obsessed? Nah..
I'm wearing holiday socks again for the edits today.
Had fun with you on set today - See ya Tuesday:)
Son sees jean-diaper commercial, looks at shorts. Obviously wants them. He has cool jeans, but I guess he wants to cut out the middle man.
So... is we going to the movies or we going to the 99 ?
I officially hate cockney.
I dunno, I don't think any of those are gonna clinch it.
Ismaili sacred sites contained both biodiversity and depth of cultural heritage
I have found cooking bacon in the oven or a toaster oven is the absolute best way to prepare it. 300 degrees for 20-25 minutes. Yummy
The sound that Miles Davis and John Coltrane created when they performed "So What" is amazing. One of the best recordings of all time.
I think after 20-30 emails you will start getting kinda bored and angry and that's when you will really shine.
i wish my christmas wish truly did come true :)
People still play smash or pass? Lol
I'LL WAVE MY ABS TOO. CAUSE I HAVE ABS. AND MINHYUN IS JEALOUS.
Great band they got for Backbeat, I'll give you that.
Eyes Wide Open by Gotye has seriously been stuck in my head for 3 days now....
haha I mean I'm down if you're down. Although I don't know that many drinking songs on the horn....
sad stuff!
My Mama cooked breakfast on her special day...thats because she is an #ExtraordinaryMom <3
Getting ready to go ride the 150 mile loop around the Smokies- it's suppose to be 84 on the Tail of the Dragon.
Happy Birthday !!!
Nathaniel Alexander was the first to patent the folding chair- InSpotter app
omfm! :'D "Why did you use a condom tasting like sour slittles?! You know I hate sour skittles Austin!" :'D
Hour ½ = downtown Nashville again! Excited about this, I <U+2665> this place, it’s pretty awesome here… OVC game @ 8:00—Let’s Eagles!
I think the same thing
Excited for the and joint event in #NYC tomorrow night!
A goal is a dream with a deadline. – Napoleon Hill
thanks! I think you're right...
The store is what's important :).
Using Blogger as a management tool - interesting, I would never have thought of that. Cool.
Come by the Farm & say hi to your fellow farmers! Don't forget our strain of the day; Super Silver Berry!
One can only hope that Miles does not have MORE followers than me.
If tired of the European debt crisis, don't worry - you'll soon have a global debt crisis as diversion. Bankers tied it all together nicely.
Tomorrow is the beginning of Campus House of Prayer located in the Tech 24/7 House on Broadway and Ave X!!! Tell everyone you know!!!
It's 's 16th birthday, and all she wants is a tweet from you<U+2665> 16
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!74
loves the 90s station on sirius radio. listening to my childood. bump it up!
What a march.
of course your not.
love it my man! Thanks for the g
Waiter just explained sweet breads. Lol
Just died laughing!
#truegrit and eggs makes for a perfect Sunday morning! #happinessis lazy Sundays in bed!
Take 1, take 21. Creating a hit takes patience and determination
its awesome. i aspire to be kelso
RT Come to The Queen Vic at 1206 H NE for your birthday celebration drinks on us
Are you a great web developer in the #Milwaukee area? Give us a shout (DM or Mention) and let's talk. We're
Steven Tyler is such a
Cant sleep <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
well, sometimes i have a way of getting in the way of my own success..here's to always learning and moving forward
Read to do my first set of Acrylic Nails! <U+E31D>
Kobe system level 10
#swprinceton need help? Email
hey I'd love to but for now I am busy with work
I think they were too. Everyone says she's crazy, controlling and bitchy. I know for a fact that I would be too with that many!
bcz when she sat in the chair she said her last bob was corporate & safe so I told her imma make this sexy and UNSAFE
Mani + pedi's or massages are always a safe bet!
"I just wanna be myself and I want you to love, ME for who I am." Couldn't have said it better myself. #ladygaga <3
Beautiful day in Poway :) I'd go for a hike around the lake but I'm scared of rattlesnakes! Haha I'm on a rhyming roll...
Mango lemonade!!!!(:
Every Monday from 11pm-close is happy hour...$1 off all beers, wells, infusions. Just so happens to be after 11 on Monday right now...
that's awesome
Short Girls Run Shit !
I'm into singing and acting
'Women see into the soul. Men just see what they want to see.'
I am there mwfsat 10-6 but after 3 the main gardner will be there have aquaponics as well
watch boyfriend sleeping, while the dog snore like a freight train, checking emails on my phone in my undies -> the rest of my life. Love.
Are you dealing with a physical card or the app?
When your boys ask you if youve heard "make it nasty" when you showed them that song six months ago -_-
You do not lead by hitting people over the head that's assault, not leadership. General David Dwight Eisenhower
they always threatening me.lol
Have fun guys..
"It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see ~ Henry David Thoreau " -- Paulo Latina ()
is the Supply Store open on Sunday? Where can I find the hours?
#Qatar on #Syria: The situation on the ground is unbearable.
totally overrated. Morse code, smoke signals and pigeons are all we need.
At the opening of the play Mountaintop starring Angela Bassett and Sam Jackson. Sure to be a treat. The place is packed and diverse.
Feel like MIA should jump on the "Mercy" remix
seriously ???? 3 mi? Or are u exaggerating?
Mistaken for day laborer, which is only sort of right. #howsthewritinggoing?
Mets need him :(
Prospects Harvey, Satin lead Bisons to win
You were always there for me and I was always there for you.
the key part of my tweet being " if they want to ACT like wild animals, violent protests, etc, meet aggression with aggression.
these are typically items you have to attend anyway. I would much rather attend a SOX session with SoMe backing
Hey Cheryl! All is well. Rollin' like the Tide into 2012!
i need new songs to learn on the ukulele. SUGGESTIONS?:)
Right up there with Christmas! RT Hey ...it's national champagne day : )
im gonna get off twitter and go on ....y8.com
it is-it completely drains the labor pools and costs taxpayers a lot more
nice, I hope it was a victory beer! Lookout for dogs hanging out at the bar :)
Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.Vernon Sanders Law
Agreed! RT : We need more of you to ensure kids get the support to help them make #healthy choices
says, "hug a partner."
This is really lousy to watch so far.
it's rare that it happens... Kmsl
bout to beat in just dance
I'm done watching jersey shore.
I swear I feel like I'm about to die
i wish u would RT me or follow me but #NEVERSAYNEVER!!
Kratos vs. Parappa: Who Will Win in the PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale?: We find out which Sony characters w...
China has the world’s oldest calendar. This lunar calendar originated in 2600 B.C. and has 12 zodiac signs. It takes 60 years to complete.
<U+200E>Communitylinks La is Proud to announce the Opening of our "NEW"magazine Jewishh Communitylinks Melbourne . We also have a great magazine i…
Love is all we have at the end, so why not bring it on every day; share it, give it, receive it, show it, honor it, live in it and with it.
i hope u enjoy that, i want some too! lol
I showed our machine learning phd to do something in Excel faster than scripting. Proud foot soldier for Big Data revolution.
I'm tired bro.
RT : #whatifindcute guys who admit they like me &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Brava! That is the point the politicians are missing. We must address social problems as the cause of educational problems.
Research has shown that exercise can slow or help prevent heart disease, stroke, high blood pressure, high cholesterol, type 2 diabetes,etc
Thank you for supporting and following Acting In LA! All new website launching 01/01/11
#Iwonder what our society is coming to when we allow such madness to continue. Life is #tooshort to worry about such trivialities….
we got that in Vegas, sorry it won't help ya today
true but there are a ton of horrible apps, just hope Apple makes it easy to find the great stuff, they tend to make things easy
Watching #NBAplayoffs Not the best day for my team
Big Party for all State Employees (Nationwide) Paraiso Sports Bar 101 Collins rd. Richmond Texas lets go! #IceColdProductions'Saturdays#
Some people take way too much shit for granted
Pick up your Besto Pesto at Mandela Foods in West Oakland today and everyday. Peace -T
X-Factor a joke!Called on phony 5mil payment!New strategy deducts marketing fees before&pays in installments.Just Pay theSelloutPoseur day1!
Way to go! It's always great to surround yourself with others in the business. Have fun and network!
yeah, figured. They're lovely & pizza is yummy. Cant wait til ur place opens. We r BEYOND excited to finally have a local!!!!
Ultrasonic takes home Best Of Fest at the DC Independent Film Festival!!
Word from Timbers locker room is pulling goalie Adin Brown was more precautionary than anything. Sounds like hamstring isn't too bad.
Just finished speaking to the Livingston GOP Committee. Will they vote to endorse a candidate? Not sure yet.
I'd like to be everything you want <3
Moss, Manningham, and Crabtree could be one of best WR groups in #NFL w/out a solid qb tossin the the ball
Goldstein: You cant address development challenges without core infrastructure- geospacial tech is following development progress
yeah but in 3rd period i have this french guy and omg that boy is FINE <3
Just ordered 's cd
Hopefully seeing for the first time ever on Monday (10/31) at Frankies!
Come hang with us on Thursday - we'll be going retro on the patio! Help us commemorate the 70s with live music and delicious cocktails!
sorry!!! i hadnt even logged into my computer yet! hold on!
A series on #UWS bodegas on Its bodega week! (via )
Good lord
i'm laughing so hard right now. LMFAO
:P Guys just have this... fresh look about them when they get their hair cut. :>
there is but it still doesn't compare to the hogs... That's all I'm saying
It's not too late to register for today's online (and free) on Big Data feat. (9 PST/12 EST) bit.ly/rZFRXb
Next time you come around check out the branded intro from
#ThatOnePersonWho follows is truly an amazing person!
Nobody puts baby in a corner
Stale bread for breakfast and steak for dinner. Lovin' life.
Yea but it said 7 hours I know it don't take that long
Any teaching-related links for March's Teaching Carnival at ? Please send them my way. (billiehara or via twitter). Pls RT.
Taking it back, moving forward- placing cue stickers on my vinyl records for live looping. New setup w/ AudioMulch
2011 SHANE DAWSON TV SHOW?? I HOPE SO :)
Has it been a stressful week? Well, come to our festival to get a massage from the Italian Heart Studio
Happy Birthday!!
I change the date on my homework to make it seem like I did it earlier
Sometimes I just want to scream but then I think "Wait I'm gona need my voice to actually talk to ppl in a few."... Peace out everybody!
Just cause I said it.. Doesn't mean that I meant it. Rumour has it.
#salute keep up the good werk
TRUTH - love it
I hate that really shiny glare I get on my glasses whenever I look at a light. ._.
Merry #WW friends, stop by bin and try any of our wine flights for $10. Celebrate #WineWednesday to the max!!!
you are more than welcome. I am a CAB member 4 The Hope Clinic of Emory University in ATL. I will be following ur chat Mon.
Thanks! :-) It's not the years, honey. It's the mileage. (Because it's always time for an Indiana Jones quote!)
no prob bro!
haha yeah I'm still here they're all raging with Sweeney. They were down for about an hour, but they got on around 1 AM
omg really?!
Watching the #Bengals take on the #Texans been a solid first half so far
Hey, it's been exactly a year since my last tweet! This is completely coincidental that I am logging in today. Happy Thursday! :)
reminding folks to recycle fishing line, ribbon, and kite spring so the birds don't use them--and maybe get tangled--in their nests.
Nicoles annoying me
I brought my bike inside. big elevators.
Just finished eating a sandwich c:
The most romantic thing I've ever told : "I'd cut open a tauntaun and put you in it if we were stranded on Hoth.
watching raw
Why do I get the weird ones? Embroidered blazer, pictures of movie tickets, car obsessions... Y'all need to chill.
Why anyone would go to Chicago in February when it's practically 70 in the Bay is a mystery to me. More misery to write about I guess!
Hey thanks for the RT, feel free to create an account and get started on racenation!
Omg I read 's mentions and holy shit!! They are so funny!! People are attacking them like crazy!! I LOVE IT!!!
"Be kind. Everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle."
Check out the section of the AAM showcase in the EXPO. At the booth you can meet & converse& draw with artists
no idea what it's even about or for
JEALOUS! i would be like "bamboozled is my jam! let me spit these mau maus verses for you!" he'd be like "go away, crazy."
Set up a new acct using GApps login, then upgraded to premium. Can't sign back in using GApps info. Prompts me to open new acct.
Cause I don't kno how much is to much
I believe that Jews and Arabs can live together. It's not an easy thing but I believe we could arrive at an agreement.
#ITs sad when you watching a movie and yo man know what prison they shot the movie at the first time he see it without them sayn it.
well at least I'm not alone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009D>
Back home from a wonderful week in Costa Rica...where do you want to visit? Text You of the day "I want to go to ____by ____."
#Nf Thanks for the Follow<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Oh, hello Monday! Bring on the sunshine!
my oldest son weighed 10lb 5oz, his mother is only 5' tall
Heaven or Las Vegas..
i got money in the bank, but i feel poor as hell without my whip.
soo ready for the show.
should this nnamdi rumor be reason for excitement?
yal playing any cards ?#gambler #$$$
This afternoon/night was the worst ever.
Huge thumbs up to Kevin Love's mustache!
On the highway...farrest iv ever gone..hands are cold
Today's BTU inspiration: "No snowflake falls in an inappropriate place." ~Zen Proverb
We wish to enjoy more of your tweets! When you follow us, we follow you! In 2011 our Resolution is to bring you the Biz like no other!
how's my boy and ur part time intern doin my guess is phenomenal
Wish media would stop comparing Rory to Tiger. Let Rory stand on his own as his career builds forth.
#cataloging a whole bunch of old perfume. Even Chanel & Dior smell bad after 35 years.
Oh hey there guys playing football on the beach <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Just did my parents a favor.
Just picture me shitting on old man Cherry.
or rubies
NEVER SAY NEVER<3
Your mistakes are what make you who you are, don't regret them.
- Brilliant and lazy - that's why we love ya!
Sitting in traffic and watching a lady really getting into singing the Sleepys mattress jingle.
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
thanks!!! Want me to bring you back something?
the prob is its .008 here & there but just like with ur personal budget, if u do all these little expenses u end up broke
SHOUT OUT TO !!
sup haters? u mad that me & too busy styling to see you? smh
Everyone is born to die , #lame imma gon die with money cos i wasnt born with it #rip heavy D
We ain't gettin no younger boy we might as well do it.
I REALLY didn't see it with Robinson on tape. Surprises me. Don't see him making an impact for year or 2
I made it up the office stairs without completely spilling my #DietCoke, which is a 100% improvement over yesterday's statistics.
haha. Yep, tis me. Did a project for a class, and ended up starting a blog. Help me get followers!
Three of my least favorite words: "Daddy... I'm Done!!"
Repubs outmaneuver Obama by taking populist stance, telling Fed not to tamper with economy. Big risk if Obama takes bait and gets in debate.
it was awesome having lunch with you. We will def do it again soon
The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People Ask and It Is Given The Four Agreements
wish i could see some friends i havent got to see in forever!
Megamillions just hit $640 MILLION for tonight's jackpot!!!
i jelly of you icon, is that you?
Good morning y'all ! Brother comes home today .. <U+2665>
where r u getting a tat at? Loves this new BB locale...lets meet for a drink here soon!
#WhyDoPeopleThink it's ok to bully? To make other people feel uncomfortable in their own skin?
no problem man, traffic was a total bitch!
holla at me... inbox info
Good luck with your internship meeting today! You'll find something exciting, I'm sure!
cause I emailed you! Derrr. I was my only way to talk to you while at school, so until I get my phone, I will use email.
nigga get on fb now its important
Rude ass guys..
thank you! I get so bored dressing up for work, so the blog forces me to be a little more creative.
Sarah, could you please call me at (608) 692-6137. Sandy Cullen, Wisconsin State Journal
SAME : happy to find myself in the 19% of non blacks who still follow #TrayvonMartin and care if his killer is prosecuted.
Yes and if you are going to trott around topless sweetie, I am your Gay friend!
#CoachellaLive liking Tame Impala so much right now. Ahh yeahh.
How yo tongue game gone b weak n u think u fuck
"She's an #Aussi can't we waive her late fee?" - Bobby, Adventures of JAB (Jane Ace & Bobby) airs in March
Was Nate Schierholtz asleep at the plate? That was right down the middle. But in general 2-for-16 with RISP.
Wow. What a finish -- but no goal for Barcelona. Chelsea wins 1-0.
using two computers at the same time, like a BOSS
Instead of generic "philosophy," describe specific examples of where you enact your approach to teaching
Fab game, well fought.
glad you enjoyed our food! Follow us to get the lowdown on our weekly specials!
Heading 2 Central Park...We are Loving the Big Apple!
Love summer. Love it.
actually suiting out tomorrow w/ dude we have to bring like a lot of shit tho like deodorant and ur straightner hairspray etc. (:
Just what needed!!! Let's go now!
Only dykes have tongue piercings
thanks for watching the show. glad you enjoyed.
nevermind I got it
Your biggest blessing today is LIFE!....Be grateful :)
So much great information tonight B&E training. What progress & improvement!
Thanks for listening! :)
Well, that didn't take long. I've now ditched Exchange and am officially on
Thank you! It was a great way to end a great week. :)
of course! Let's do a happy hour soon
yeah i have made mistakes and i no and god forgave me for that .
looks awesome.
can we ever get weather for Lapel? Storm updates
I dont feel good. Not gonna be online as much. :/
St. Patrick's Day Sip & Shop Tomrrow 12pm to 6pm
Confirmed!! and we cannot wait!
Will trade COM t-shirt for one (1) kangaroo. When are you back in the States?
Dammit man where my peoples at ???? The beach where give me light???twit pics all day. LOL real twitter LOL
is bamboozled with new ideas, and excited to "cut some grass" this weekend for green building projects!!!
Who can pass up doughnuts? Hall Council has doughnuts for you at 8am tomorrow in the Seton Lobby and Classroom Building.
woo! Window open~ wind chimes, fresh air, finally some blue sky peeking through!!:)
Why didn't anyone tell me that flossing feels so good? Dang.
can you say Clairol??? Lol. Love and miss you Jo!!!
One final down, one to go!!! Go Rachel!
Jeff ruby's is superb!!!
yes, we have! We definitely appreciate and relate to their mission and goals. cc:
Where is that?! My bocce form, shake hands with God (you have to see it) RT : new bar in Denver "Matchbox". bocce!
grilled...asparagus :D
So mad. Ugh tears of anger, man
Great game w/ awesome seats out of the rain and kicked San Fran's ass! #thunder #lightening THANK YOU!!!
Big Boy Gone Bananas! is one of the best doc. I've seen this year! Telling the truth is never easy, even here in the US.
LOL RT Is this the real Caesars Palace? Did Caesar really stay here?
Pack stockholders can vote on team business, including the board of directors, and attend annual meetings. Do you do that?:P
we need Instagram on BlackBerry!
Don't you just love the look of a freshly painted home? Not the smell so much:Try using a low-VOC paint to reduce the emissions and smell.
didnt he do that the other night between home and 3rd?
RT I like how babies always look drunk. Even after only one beer.
I'm going to start living in the past...i had more fun there.
Leaving seventh period :) #ThankGod :P Can't wait to see my little cousin graduate from head start :') !!!!!
I want to congratulate Charlie Strong on getting the head coaching job at Louisville. Thanks for the great years in Gainesville.
Mike Stanton.
Wishing all our friends a Happy Easter. We will be closed today to celebrate with our families. Count your blessings!
Totes auditioning for collabatsea!
The officer wears a microphone on his uniform, anything anyone says around him can be picked up on this microphone and recorded.
Heading to Napa Valley tomorrow for a few days. I'll probably have a glass of wine or two..
email just got me so pumped for Miami.
PDA on the northline.... what ever did i do to deserve that show?
Whoever you are you have to see The Help!!
interested in doing a fund raiser? dm me.....happy to help- we have done many...
can't believe i walked home at 4 this morning
Our opportunities to do good are our talents. ~Cotton Mather
Bought Sam Adams Winter Pack from Costco last night. Way better than the Autumn Selection. Enjoyed the porter. Beer on a budget!
Green mill jazz club tonight. 9-1. Swing night
Goodnight everyone
Too bad RT : Sandusky out of centre County correctional facility
~~~Well we have flu all the time, reports say some people are recovering, from the swine fiu, so i do not think this is.
ok... what rock have been under... Janes Addiction reunited...the Music Gods got together and made Me Happy Again.
Besides public, I've Google+ circles for intimate Salons with my artist peeps, spiritual peeps, my blog's community, professional peeps.
dont like em, they just announced a public offering, and they already have too many shares = BAD, STAY AWAY.
and why do you love me already?and ok!!!
Yeah, that's a good thing. Haha.
no problem
So at school today this girl was like "who is Brad Hall?" to this other girl and I'm just like...... I be him.
what events do you recommend
Where u at pimpin?!
me too!!
On Monday, we'll be setting up a new goal for the rest of the month. One that will let us pay the crew.
I believe you! Have I told you lately that I love you? Let's go! Do you like cookies and cream!?
Back in #hollywood for friday night!
Gcb is the worst show ever... so far.
Got second place last night at the battle of the bands!!! pc4pc???
Hey I know Favia I know Dane also!!! Small world isn't it?
Yes, 4 times a week! Do you have lessons?
Why thank you for the support on Saturday:)
: Pretty sure you guys are real people, not just Tweets, right? Right?! ;)
nahh uh me to ha
wear #orange this week..
Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here
Don't be afraid of chile heat.
I love you to!!!
Bitch, please. My cellphone battery last longer your relationship.
Thanks for the great interview, Let's talk more about the undead soon!
So cute. Did someone just abandon them?
very sad indeed! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I feel like senior year is pretty much over now that MML is over :(
I need a lesbian best friend...no joke.
aye are we roomin up for shena wedding?
one more wee ill see u soon chika
#54-Asante Samuel-CB-Philadelphia Eagles
has been doing sets until he sees spots ... AWESOME!
oh I live off child support
You don't realize how much emotional pounds you are carrying by being overweight until you lose the physical ones.
#TNT please come up with a solution. I don't want to watch another OT
. et al: Archives + freelance bloggers = publicity.
Part 2 of Frontline's special heavy w journo intvws - great journos but too many - v diff from Part 1 which had more principle intvws
#Dodgers fans just clicked on the Van Slyke button.
at burger kin for some
I'm not complaining lol
Thanks--great to meet you, and so glad you made it to the show.
have an awesome & productive day!!
we have bi-weekly ed cal mtgs, I (team of one) schedule in HootSuite. cc
You are so Lucky! I think it would b so fun n an Honor to hve the opportunity to b on Glee!
mT : On the 3rd day, Jesus rose from the grave & administered a standardized test to hold his disciples accountable. [nice one]
Wishing nails wouldn't love my tires so much.
Thanks! We currently only offer sales online, because of that- we only charge a flat .99 shipping rate for ordering online!
TOO MANY DAMN GNATS. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0>
gotcha. Thought u were speaking code. I don't have any pre-purchased after the month of May. Will ask you l8r for l8r dates. :)
but ill lie if i have to, cause you don't say you love me to your friends when they ask you
this is just a typical day in the city! Lol
I'm winning! RT : Yup, and I are fighting about #fringe and quantum physics
Follow us for the best deals and prices
There is a one direction page in the newspaper at school. People keeps asking if they are gay. Its a picture from when they first started.
Day two sis and GM had an out off this world whale experience this am.
Calling all Biz Kid$ Real members....!!!!! We have our next group meeting on TUESDAY, July 5th from 12 to 4 pm @ Edgerton Rec Center
Search "integrate Twitter into PowerPoint" to have interactive presentation polling audience.
:) waiting for new MM photos Kelly says
Idk why i'm up already when I still got time to sleep...still tired..but i'm in a ridiculously good mood! :D
At the polling place to vote!
cruised round new police yard area east of little tokyo, saw no police staging 1 hour ago. #occupyla. can someone track this stuff?
Labrinth is looking sharp
Always remember the three magic words: You're right dear.
I've always wanted a singular, focused vision, but I'm very pleased by how this whole "1 thing leads 2 the next" thing has worked out for me
": awww jus close ur eyes it won't hurt dat badd :)....dependin on where u get it"....Nah!! I'm good....LOL
It's so funny how people act like they never seen tiddy's before
Northbound Red Line at Belmont: We are experiencing a delay waiting for signal clearance. We expect to be derailing shortly.
i'ma hit u up in a sec fam...rt
I dont care about anything anymore
WOW, I'm so glad/blessed that I followed my discernment & not my mind or heart!!! I avoided a real bad situation!
Nice run along the river this morning.
Hope it is going well today
thanks for following me... I followed back!!
yeah, my HTC barely works, on a good day I can answer a call -- usually it's just rebooting itself. My GF had the same problem :(
Nice lunch mtg with Gayle. VSAI has some great things going on! Go VSAI!
did you see any of my messages on the big screen!?!?
What a lovely day 6 hour drive then 7 1/2 hours in west end central. 9 x 9 cell. Marvellous.
Out of touch
great info thx
Giving a fuck was never on my to do list.
#YehudaBauer at "no precedent in human history for nazi ideological killing" but it's moral imperative to prevent
"you can close your eyes to something you dont want to see, but you can close your heart to things you dont want to feel."
Everyone who tells everyone to follow will be promoted to 150k followers :p
a covo about howw austin donates his cum to hungry children and we woork for him we make him cum
I'm really tired but don't feel like sleeping! Dm me people <U+263A>
Proud of hubby He & Charles Johnson just sold their first short story collab: "4189" to Burning Maiden anthology.
am I the only one not that excited for the #RoyalWedding?
Gonna check out Hot Wing Pizza, Tater Tot Slop, and some Improv Comedy at 's Thanksaversary Tonight. 1909 Locust 8pm.
Amazing that Flyers are still ahead 1-0 when they only got what.. 1 shot during the 2nd? Devils have almost triple the shots. Bryz is crazy.
Thank U
“: is it possible?”- me thinks NOT
At least you have confidence in your abilities...
Everytime I hear him I only hear Floop (my kids loved the movie) I must get over this.
I thought you were north!
twitter world wat up
First denver celeb sighting. Tommy lee at a sushi joint.
My brother just text me and told me that our family reunion is July 7th.
Who do you want to fuck first, me or the knife?
hanging out with my bestfriend <3
i would love to give you a pair! (now that i'm working and i'm no longer a daddy's girl) :)
Looking for a PRIME location for your Food Cart? We have one!
I dont think they do but whatevs
Update via TX AG's office: The state's request for a stay on the PP suit permanent injunction was granted
1975 Print Ad Converse 39The Winner39 Tennis Shoes for SEARS- tennis shoes
Talk is cheap actions speak louder then words
wait..WHY DID SELENA DELETE HER INSTAGRAM ?
whod have believed Hawks would not win a po game @ the UC
Diggin the new avatar bro
Went to Whistler today. Some stupid idiot drove too fast and killed himself after flipping his truck. Plase take your time and save a life.
put it like this if bron was doing what wade been doing all game u woulda been at him too hard. it was one quarter
Looking for an Ad Operations Manager for a Downtown client! Great pay: $60K! Apply online or contact us at 414-272-4544 today for details!
I want to get a tattoo when I get older.
the small people are relentless!
It's Friday!! Check out and give him a follow!! Fellow Sparty, but he was way cooler than me in college.
What a night! Who's at the diner right now?
Not much left with 12 teams and 4 SP and 2 RP spots starting. Sucks Luebke got hurt. He was my steal.
Fantasy factory (;
so how was your day?
one of my inspirations , inspiring me every day, she makes me thin about all the time ive wasted on haters <3
"Dear Communicator" is not an acceptable way to begin an email. Thanks for trying, but my name is Sarah.
For students need new content, engage new users.
Fellas, remember when y'all was young n a chick came over to watch a movie, bet u don't know what movie y'all watched #hornymonsters lmao
i didn't use public folders much before, so i can't say I
Half of us in the living room and the other half in my room, why the separation?
my trip to atl was was GOOD!!! DID wat i had to do nw its bck to cali
Anchor Steam. Egg Foo young. FAMILY THICKER THAN MY OWN FUCKING BLOOD. Feels so very good man.
THANK YOU.
When I call you ugly I don't always mean your face.....Sometimes I'm meaning your personality
it's fun watching apple make babysteps in the social networking world. Ping ping!
I thought that looked like Venice! I'll stop in Wales for my retrieval crew.
You shouldn't have to fight over your bf. Wtf?? That's YO DUDE, so why in the world are you fighting over what's yours?? -____-
Maybe if I were skinnier. Maybe if I were prettier. Maybe if I didn't wear glasses. Maybe if I had longer hair.
i mean Friday
Shirt off my back I wouldn't give you the snot off my tissue.
Hi, how are you? Please follow me, I would do the best day of all. That's my biggest dream, please. It is only a button.-76
Be cool if twitter posts from geekli.st included a hashtag, #geeklist or
can you DM me your email address? Thanks! -Ayres
hey stranger lol
Be humble for you are made of earth, be noble for you are made of stars. ~ Serbian Proverb
But rain falls at I boredom.
Yes, mine is calendar updates. I have to shutdown before bed or it wakes us
Cubs games, rest of WGN back on DirecTV
funny story, i heard your mom was the rugby queen once.
don't be hatin;-P
“: best corn rows in the history of the nba” - #Truth!!!
Mothers. Everywhere.
Mice don't bite. Right? Yeah. Mice don't bite. DON'T FIGHT ME ON THIS.
But not so sure about #PGA TOUR's move to push start of season to the fall. PGA vs #NFL, coll football = Tough2Win
“Compassion automatically invites you to relate with people because you no longer regard people as a drain on your #energy.”
This is the best kids' birthday party ever!
Jake thatcher of Node 1 says must see what company is NOT doing and why so can detrmine roo for improvement
Yikes, watching a contractor rip out a section of wall from my home is more dramatic than I expected. Might have emotional scars from this.
I have not yet tried like I should of
o.o
Anyone ready to see tonight at #ClosetSundays?
I would love to hear the old Mr. Tony's mailbag jingle on PTI sometime. I used to sing along with it when he was on the radio.
Less then 24 hours till NSN concert. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
patience is a virtue, pain run deep when love desert you, listenen to whispern, choosin chaos over discipline . . . Simpletons
u know we r on blackatlas.com and r the grannies on safari tv show? is that right?/ help!
I Need A Drink..
High-dose caffeine safe, lowers risk of motor disorders in preemies: study
Feeling very happy today..... ;)
For high school?
Drink Bleach if you said Lebron wont #clutch !!!!!!
be sure to talk about ur new blog
thanks! glad you enjoyed ;)
The more willing you are to surrender to the energy within you, the more power can flow through you. -Shakti Gawain
RT yup! We're gonna get our sexy on with
I appreciate the AC on the bus, but I'm not a penguin.
that might work! Let's talk Sunday about it!
watching it right now
I still miss pulling for .
Hot Rod is my favorite non-porno, porn named movie of all time
In Mali, Art as Real as Life Itself - New York Times
and I never found my shoes...:)
awesome show at linneman's last night! i'm a lucky gal to have such a great band and so many supportive chums!
#ThatAwkwardMoment when you been dodging your dad and when he get to your granny house you ask him fo a ride home
Our new web show is well on its way to being online next week!
true freedom comes when we don't try to control our thoughts and feelings, and they don't control us.
Beauty Contests In India: What Is Special About Them? Let the pictures speak for themselves!
True! Or I guess you could just wait. That is a convenient option when you're traveling forward in time.
Thanks for retweeting us! We really appreciate everything is doing to support us
going to sleep. if you followed me while I was asleep you'd make all my dreams come true. Please don't shoot me down;)
On our way home from a beer bar and restaurant tour of NYC. Found lots of fun ideas. What's your favorite beer bar?
Ginormous thanks to and everyone who came out tonight to Houston #NET2 !
Can we get a confirm/deny on whether those fixes worked for you? Still more to do. . .
how will the brewers finish??
got one of those recently, too-- I hope it's not a trend
We have sculpin available all week – starting on Monday in San Diego and La Mesa.
WOO! Finally got to 300 likes! <3
Rajanna is full of drama, love and actions. Go see this movie and you'll enjoy it.
Thank YOU!
"When you want to succeed as bad as you want to breathe then you will be successful" - #stateofmind. Make it a productive day.
you should go to school for music like its def your passion. Who knows maybe sum you can be the best at that too
My hangover called in sick today. Baking potatoes.
We are strangers again,but this time with memories
Just met the new staff of the new Buffalo Wild Wings at the Woods. Where are you ??!! (also in with )
I should start going to church again.
I know someone who is great at crafting but hasn't blogged in a whle. She does paper crafts, sewing, quilting, jewelry-making...
nice so I got most of the day to go.. Which one??
The INTEX show is about to start, make your way to booth #736 to visit Kraft.
butt butt u would love my fat cock, I'm serious! #BEAUTIFULASS !
We are excited to welcome Melinda White (), to the Board!
While Lamb and Livingston slaved in the Palais basement, Yujia Wen was sitting in on daily seminars a few doors over
I'm still trying to figure out how I spent 40 dollars at 1.50's last night.
Thanks!! And #FF to you! You're awesome.
yeah!! I love that movie!!
it may be impossible for me too
well, hey there, aaronrunner.
O, won 2nd in my age grp at todays tri race EVEN THO I missed the run turnoff & ran an extra mile!
Really? Congrats! What are you doing there?
no that's friday
My reading of history convinces me that most bad government results from too much government. - Thomas Jefferson
FOX: ... May Have Uttered Slur Before Shooting. A white kid was sentenced for a hate crime because he uttered nigga in fight last year> I ..
First lunch of the season on Magnolia's sidewalk. Welcome back.
": I need a side job. If I knew how to sell drugs I would."
Nice. Now I'm jonesing for Nothing Left Inside and don't have it at work. Thanks.
2 out of 3 bikers sporting #TFTS buttons during my morning commute through 7th & Madison NW
Happy thanksgiving from the Austin Toros and the Capital City Dance Team!!!!!
People are so ungrateful these days.
meeting was a success. ball is rolling. remember, if you can donate time, instruments, food, expertise, please DM!
Good Morning Beautiful day NYC!
I'm not sure I agree with Barbara Kellerman and her thesis about "The End of Leadership!" It all depends on your definition of #leadership!
GO BRUINS!
love and so want a pair they are hott!!
how bout you go to sleep? (coughs *liar!) ltm., im just kidding, ily.")
Audition 2day, another callback Thursday. Lets get it.
Parks & Rec, BES and PBOT up next. Dir Abbate lists how parks support the goals of the
no because your from the south and that's unusual for a southern girl to speak proper English.
It's amazing what you could hide just by putting on a smile.
When life is filled with tension, find reasons to love...
Danke!!! I feel a bit OLD to be wearing such items ;
Our attitudes shape our world!
i have the EXTREME URGE!!!!! to climb on TALL THINGS!!! then most likely blow shit up ;) #STWOF <3
can give the impression from someone attended the event but it was great for me to follow what was going on
Loving the weather!!
ik you hate me its cool<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
i have a love hate relationship with scary movies
I HAVE TO GET NEW RECORD!!!! gwiserudgwf I'm obsessed.
Don't let small minds convince you that your dreams are too big.
thanks so much!
Artillery demo is only a hook. See how many folks show up for a thoughtful discussion about emotion in CW.
You two are too kind. I'm only as good as my team! “: For sure!”
Well, its Friday and I am ready to get it on tonite. going out on the town, see what I can get into.
I'm losing my MIND over here. OH NO IT'S NOT SCROBBLING nevermind
But i got my change a clothes and sneakers in the Nike duffy though lol
READ PYTHON BY CARINA NOLAN HELL SLITHERS LUST SIMMERS HOT NEW FLORIDA THRILLER
Had the weirdest dream man
Me, too. Interesting merger. I'll email u a couple of pix from the Pro Cyc. Challenge. It was a kick to see the pro's up-close.
hm i doubt you'll get a chance to read my tweet :/ but YOUR AWSOME!!OH and CUTE(:
Pancho's at Summer and White Station!
so we're goin for sure?!
Every single day I'm forced to add yet another name to the list of all the people that can kiss my ass!
My dream team muscle for cheese like Eric Bischoff.
anyone know how to transfer an page into go daddy or is it possible?
yes I'm the one who wearing purple shirt ;)
significant loopholes are available to big biz not small biz they do get the write off for staring up and having a biz
"Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor." - Truman Capote
Try just combing it straight back with your fingers.
thank you!
We will have the #Masters on all day!! And #mariners start at 6:05!!
I never realized how corny these daytime novelas are until I sat down and watched one
I'm craving Chinese food!
i have to be the most paranoid person ever.
Hahaha. You Bring One. Ill Bring One
where can I find your 2012 schedule of rides?
Team Wags Walk 4 Autism thanks u for your generous donation!Please visit skweezcouture.com 4 their amazing collection!
open talk you tell me what's on your mind.
No school on friday!!!!
been here a couple months now. Feel free to join when you want
Room service now available at the RI/SHS River North! Check out Zoom Service from !! www.hub51chicago.com/
TONIGHT @ ONE UP Classic Wednesday's!! Time to dance and party with DJ Automatic playing your favorite top 40 Hip Hop Music
South beach could always use another good salon! ;)
two pool tables, two ping pong tables, hockey game, and Live Video DJ tonight. Come on by!
When are you coming to TX and is coming then too?
Most notably if U want to comment, but also if you want to make sure it actually appears in follower feeds
Hpy mamas day 2 u RT : Happy Mother's Day! Thinking of - hope you are all chillaxing
RT - <U+266A> If YOU LOVE [good] music <U+266B> <U+266A> If YOU LOVE [livin'] life <U+266B> <U+25BA> Promote Positive
*correction: if I don't NOT want kids....(if that makes sense) lol
says her Alt-ac background makes her a unique resource for student learning in Connecticut College library
Glad you were able to stop by RT #inn12 learning how to engage my students with instructor highlighting and notes.
They say that good things take time, & really great things happen in the blink of an eye <3
that can't be you in that picture! #effedupdriverlicensepic #jcnights #jkhomie!!
Be sure to stop by tonight for First Friday. We're going to be giving out poems for
Where are you going?
where to be exact?
Hahaha ok. Do you see what I'm seeing? It's like light or something right behind your left ear!
Picking up some of my siblings at LAX then off to the Viper Room in #hollywood for an EP release party for -
did you ever have those moments when you responded to a potential client and totally misspelled their names
Dese hatas they gone hate on me like anyway (*flips hair) <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
And so it begins: RT : Discussing lean startups with and !"
Well. Today shall be interesting.
woo!! Sirius hits 1 dropped some "only one" with some love this AM!! Great track!
Big thanks to and for a great
I've only seen the aurora borealis once. Oddly enough, it was in my pants.
I'm what Willis was talking about.
That thing where I don't actually sleep through the night for a few weeks...
I am very blessed to see the next year, let alone my next minute. I love The Lord, and I will continue to love Him eternally.
Blastbeats or breakdowns? GO!
ugh, why is your face like that?
So when does he start talking campus aid reforms? Ha ha. No.
did she sound happy when she said I was moving ? :/
It's whispering to me.... oh my god what is happening.
u read for points!!! Lmao
SparkFun Electronics Launches Education Website to Bring Electronics into the Classroom
last place, yeah buddy!!! I'm winning fantasy basketball next year!
Mornings piled up like a stack of mattresses, memories pushing at the foam silicone and causing everyone back pain.
So much to do before my week in NOLA Oy Vey...
Bring me some BBQ..
Event Space available at the Grand Lodge on 8.28.10 in the Compass Room. Contact a Sales Coordinator for more info at 503.992.9530.
i appreciate the support and retweets.
Ladies... All my favorite ladies <U+2665> where y'all at?? Holla back!!!
u better not!
Home early bcuz I'm feeling sick :/
Anyone else running the Parkway Half Marathon tomorrow? :D
RT : Designer: Boyish look kicks off Paris fashion week: A model wears a creation from designer Corrado de Biase as p......
That is awful...I'm sorry to hear that. :( The arts is always the first to go.
I'm already crafting a Tweet for just such an occasion. Perhaps I need to give someone Twitter power of attorney.
Oh thank goodness, just wanted to make sure I wasnt the worst hockey player there
umm kind of, not really. hah
thanks so much! We appreciated all the students and community who came to the play. BTW looking forward to your final paper!
Almost died today...nbd!
heyy cuties who's up?
This chocolate can definitely meet the chocolate craving and ordering in bundle will grant a great discounts
Just wrote another banger for the homie
Good luck! RT Heading to Talladega this afternoon. First time racing there I'm pretty excited!
Up early to head to Montreal for 2 days of sales calls & #MTLvNY with
big fan of your music here in saint Paul mn. Can't wait to hear more!
If I See Destiny Talkk About Drake 1 More Time , Tomorrow Ima Slap Thee Dog Sh*t Out Of Her . -,-
cool I'm down. Hit me up next week bro. Show them how it's done ha Hope it's tackle football, none of that touch football lol
no more sky light, so no more peeping tom...I hope
heading the launch of social media at a University. Learning the difference between posting engaging content & meaningless fluff.
When you coming to Atl??
Thank you you keep reading, I'll keep writing
“: My glove is my Bestfriend > it's never lie or cheat :)”
TONIGHT! Burro Bar! You Vandal Fight For First Inside the Target Car Roswell Trust Issues
I'm your new follower :D
teaches all a lesson to stay for the credits. Respect the crew who worked on it, and learn some cool facts too!!!
#prop8 is out and #glee is on tonight. it's a good day.
I woke up this morning and thought PANCAKES MUST HAPPEN NOW
RT : Hop to it! to a Simon Mall to get a pic with the #EasterBunny & help !
Less than two hours to get to , try some sweet, sweet Chameleon cold-brew, and tweet us some beautiful pics! #coffeeevolved!
austin just tweeted this account!!!!! :)
IPO.... What do you guys think?
I see what you did there. I'm still ironing out the details of the theme
Even you do called thugs wanna fall in love..don't front
Excited to see my new area and how it bussels with peeps and business enjoying husbands time together as a real married couple...peaceful
hahaha. Hadn't played since December. Totally understand!!
haha best SNL in a long time I'm from Denver and my favorite skit was the Denver Broncos Jesus skit #Dec17SNL Funniest one yet
So silent, so calm. So lost. Thousand ways to nowhere.
Your Welcome :)
Walking or any cardio in general has both physical and mental benefits, reap the benefits of both
Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved
never have I ever not been this tired- if that even makes sense?:p
Sometimes you miss the memories, not the person.
hmu with any plans, we may ditch the beach for ya'll
Ha! I'm totally going to do that. Chimney would be cool if it somehow came from 19th century London.
Just Wanted To Say To The 2 Followers That I Lost ... FUCK YOU !
Can Music help you blog better and rock to Drake www.justsmellsogood.wordpress.com
Cautiously optimistic that #patriots pull this out #gronkowski rules
Thanks . Much success on Repo Games, Unique Idea, Great Show!
Being within 1 mile of Disneyland is a terrifying experience for those who are contemplating starting a family.
Studio all day!!
Thanks for the mention! Harrisonburg, VA is my home-town!!!
": I was just thinking about U the other day" lol I get that alot. How was homecoming?
I want ice cream
OMG thats what happened to my mom ... Compton will change you lmfao
Ya cross me, it ain't gonna be fun..ya gonna be tap dancin into cement shoes..
Twist and Shout, Get Outta My Way (Kylie Minogue), Bye Bye Bye
Someone is having a melt down today one row over. Lots of 4 letter words and he is getting louder. Yikes!
it would indeed!
just finished my interview w/ Olivia Munn, our July Del Mar Races Issue cover girl!
At APU pullin nothin but #SHANANIGANS we go on around 8 if anyone wants to come chill :-)
Where can your book be purchased? Where is book signing?
New business pitch in Boston today. The chase is the fun part. Still not as fun as a solid #kronum run.
well I sure do miss y'all. We need to Skype sometime.
thanks for the #shoutout :)
I agree - Wallace fell off 2nd half of the season. Brown made most of the big plays when it counted...
Just finished an on-screen interview about the library's mobile app.
"You look tired" isnt it just a polite way for someone to tell you that you look like "sh!t."
Updating my library's account at the same time as , who we follow. <3 the deluge of good books between us. :D
Guide to 2012 western Montana summer camps
Honeys I'm home
yes it will! :)
I feel like breaking down
Jerome Randle has opted to return overseas and has left the team
This is what you need to do right now. Follow the FSU Hospitality Gala !!!
i have tickets for Bone Thugs -n- Harmony (2/5/12) & Theophilus London (2/6/12) at the stay tuned for info on how to win 'em
that make be a good thing you don"t remember her
Judging By These Old Pics Of U...I Have To Say U Came A Long Way My Friend...-
Been sleep since about 7pm yesterday. Think my body is finally caught up from only having two hours of sleep Thursday night.
I follow conservatives to see why they think, but you are just rude.
A UConn graduate claims that Internet poker nearly destroyed his life
You da man, Rich.
Feels great to be back in the #Burgh with
i wonder if we asked his friends about the prank call hahahha
At JFK with Dave and chuck heading to hong kong then manilla. all I know is it's gonna be a thrilla.
That FML moment when you hop into bed, get under your covers, then realized you forgot to turn off the light.
The Parker bros #dreammachine was unreal
Montez, a Salazar confidant & US Commission on Civil Rights, said he recalled Salazar saying colleagues at #LATimes disliked his reporting.
Hi Tweeps! Haven't been on this in a while! Tnight on 10, we're on the scene of a huge Urbandale apt. fire... tune in for the latest!
I would rather say 'I love you' just once and truly mean it than say it a thousand times and never mean it once.
Miss you too babe...come back soon!!!!!
Selling tickets at the dance gala! Come see me!
Screenplay Live! Winner and writer, Lorraine Portman is in #Roc. Hear her work Sat. at 3:30.
oh.. Idk then, those wristbands are in very high demand!
for what it's worth, I regularly click on your emails to donate only to realize you don't take paypal & my wallet isn't w/ me.
Lol, it's so sad it's beautiful! *sniff sniff*
no!!!!! Don't ruin my team with that foolishness. One Iso player is enough. Anymore is the end of the run
STUFF IT LIBERALS AMERICA IS A DEMOCRACY IF I WANT A CHRISTIAN STATE AND A CHRISTITUTION IT'S MY FUCKING RIGHT TO SAY IT.
LOVE Rooney Mara!!
I was worried I had slept through the windy season. Thank goodness I was wrong!
hahahaha I didn't know I looked like that xD
great! Currently at the 1:30 session in 3B on "sexifying parliamentary initiatives" in Poland
I'll take dealing w/ white trash over he snot bag event I had to put up w last night any day.
Every 11:11 I wish for the same thing.
Ok UNC - get together!! You are messing with my brackett!!!!
Zeke is working on the kid's third language. Backyardigans in Spanish :)
Dramatic! Amanda #Knox found not guilty in Italy.
they try to "welcome to the jungle" me.....
You gotta see: hottest thing in candles
our first UMS lecture class was canceled on Mon thanks to the hurricane, so I'm here til 7 EST to answer student questions.
what's good singer? Cant hear from you.
Trust me my friend you haven't seen anything yet #Soccer is about to go vertical and you know nobody out works me and my team
If only I could pull off the stache!
#virginamerica row 7 sucks; seats don't go back and if idiots in 6, recline, your're squeezed. Either no seats should recline or all should.
Dunno, but that sounds right. "A fakeitude of collective nouns"?
If there is a winner, it will post by 2 or 3am later tonight!
text me
You're strong You're wonderful You're worth it<3
thanks for the mention!
Can you please just like... STOP
Your number 20 bus just passed by stop 723 without stopping. 4 people were waiting.
So, who's planning on voting for Honest Abe over Scott Walker? Anybody?
Well #IfWeJustSmashing then you can't use my bathroom.
Must say almond milk with vanilla tastes so much like 2% milk it blows my mind! Love it
Soiree Style: Elizabeth Olsen & Felicity Jones Get Retro in Gotham What 's better than one fashionable maven? Two! Especially when each t
beautiful cold crisp winter day in NYC. Brunch with new friends! Can't wait.
I know it is. But I've seen people who want Green at second and Ishi at first.
I agree it's lame to tell u that your gonna be unfollowed just to have another follower
pujlos will sign a ten year deals with philadelphia for 260million
I'm still trying to get it sorted out. Who knew it was so hard to get your book in the right category?
Agree, but "non-art" is very broad category: history, science, tech, specialty, etc.
Woo hoo! Congrats on a first draft! I always think it's easier to tweak something than start from scratch! Good luck with edits
“Every situation, properly perceived, becomes an opportunity to heal.”
": I use to eat Hot Sauce on my Hot Cheetos" u like hot stuff
lol and how exactly did you find that video of that girl dancing??
Is this Spain's year?
VP Biden speaks later this AM on student loan interest rates to group of student reps at EEOB (cc )
#tosurvivemyknicksrantyoumayneed The hammer from Donkey Kong, a sponsor from Hunger Games, The A from Alvin's shirt, The Force...
very excited for you two to meet--i think you guys will get along quite well!
But I'm not blaming the band, I'm blaming the idiots who make the tour decisions
haha awesome good luck with that, can't wait to read it
America, Obama's mission is to break the will of the American people. We need to stop him. Americans are losing everything, it's stops now
Crazy Metal Jewellery These things are hard to understand
3rd place in archery....next up Philadelphia ;D
What do you think is the best crime theory and why?
Have not opened a restaurant there yet...but definitely try XOCO by Best torta we've ever had!
yes at May 6th I will email you the deets! Thanks!!!!
about to get my fist down their throats
There are 1.7 million TBI cases each year. The most commone cause of TBI is falls. 16% of TBIs are caused by workplace accidents. Be careful
CHAMPIONSHIP GAME!
RT : NE extreme candidate #Deb Fischer knocks off establishment favorite. R's base trys to win extremist...
Update! Ad Club Bowling Happy Hour @ Star Lanes is actually Thursday, Jan 19! Sry guys! Can't get a perfect strike every time!
glad you enjoyed #sharktank. great show.
- so glad you got to meet Melissa. I really enjoyed working with her when we staged #GonzalesCantata! Thank god for !
#Aries where MB will take you on your birthday: fancy dinner
Keep in mind this is an album not a mixtape.
That is worse than BO. We are using it to trap fruit flies right now.
Even the happiest people have down days.
I follow big Twitter accounts on that. :D
I always catch myself doing the #ToeTappy tho! :))
I love love the Nook!
Thanks for following
Hey girl! I like your face!
GloZell does cinnamon challenge with a ladle?! This is spicing up! Tweet ya later!
I want some magic spray.
BITCH, it's a baby shower, not the club. Put some clothes on.
YES! Thank God... "Weinergate" keeps getting bigger and bigger! HEYYOOO
Tell ur friends tell ur boyfriends I want to get too a 1 k followers hook me up guys
This stupid bitch sat next to me to see what I'm doing on my phone. -.-" still using twitter though ahahaha
anecdotal: aunt in Monona 300 something at 9:30 am and poll workers commented that's quite high for time/place
100% of all lunch sales today go to benefit "Girls to the Rescue". SMILE BIG. EAT BIG. GIVE BIG!
thank ya(:
hope U are smiling :) because i know you're #PiPeRiFiC !!!
niggaz need to stop being so fucking its bout to 2012 cut that out
Just had a blast sitting in on podcast with Matthew Bassette. A Browns fan & a Steelers fan talkin' AFC North football.
The #ManchesterDerby is today, playing at the pub live at 1pm! Who ya rooting for?
We agree! RT "No matter how little money and how few possesions you own, having a dog makes you rich." - Louis Sabin
: Excited for another team effort sharing Make The Call, Don't Miss a Beat, #heart health information for
My number is: 1-800-get-away
It's probable for there to be a dance with life, a creative reply to its inbuilt limitations and issues.
your penchant for consistently picking on Mario Chalmers is amusing
From Tech Maven to Jane Austen Geek Sandy Lerner, co-founder of Cisco Systems, spent more than 20 years working on a sequel to 'Pride and
I finally finished the last part of , great movie kids, it's worth checking out!!
<U+25B2><U+25B2> To LAZY to work: To BROKE to quit: so I go to the bathroom and fake a SHIT! #realtalk lol <U+25B2><U+25B2>
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. - Ernest Hemingway
Much thanks to who constructed my awesome clothing combination today! :)
I love you guys. Thanks
Oh boy. Need to figure out a way to get my old papers off of my old Mac format 3.5 inch disks if I ever want to apply to 'real' grad school.
omg yes please!!
The Cool Kids - Bundle Up
Sometimes I feel like I'm practicing project management without a license.
Pfah, I had that. Blame the rain delay for me giving up anything.
Fish tacos and craft brew. Post workout food?
Boys, don’t date the most beautiful girl in the world, date the girl who makes your world the most beautiful.
I guess those "truths" aren't "self-evident" to the wingnuts.
Putting the finishing touches on our soon-to-be-released 2012 Quality of Life Dashboard for San Diego. Coming soon--1/25/12!
Since you’re not going through a specific app store, you don’t need to meet specific standards..
Commanding my day to be positive, productive and with favor!
Be careful on the roads out there #Cleveland. Give yourselves lots of extra time.
I told keek that I will do truth or dare and they're daring me to flash the camera..HELL NO IM NOT DOING THAT if you want porn go to UR mom<U+E402>
I have to die with money cause I wasn't born with it
Idk what's worse, eating a burrito in public by yourself, or being too hungry to care that your eating a burrito in public by yourself.
one test. fml
right they must of been some good headphones
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR FOLLOWING! UR AWESOME!
we love your profile pic!! such a cutie pie!
Got lots of research to do this morning. But first a quick errand to the post office.
Thanks for the follow where are you in CA? I'm in S.F.
not done tho
right!!!!how are you btw
u have id# & code
I asked if they had a size small shirt in back at gap " we carry more large and x large... " wow America is out of control
defenitly *spell check*. pizza is awesome. nuff said
The week's almost over! Come celebrate with our 2 great happy hours, 4-7 and 10-12. Great $6 food and half price tequila/cheap drinks
i and wont stop. I guess my computer loves it to
the early november
Tronny would LOVE to come back to the Mattress Factory!! How does February sound??
I'm wet now.
“: God loves the Pacers <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>” haha!
as long as he's not the Anthony Weiner....
Love the NCAA tournament!! Go Hogs!
Lucky charms ftw!
See... Told you #RickPerry is an idiot
he has created the classic movies/TV we love. And even though I did not give it to him, he got his weed in the end.
Shore Club Hotel! - Amazing rate - $295 - 1933 Collins. Walk to Conv. Ctr.! 2.19 Mi. South of Yacht & Brokerage. Boutique Luxury!
I sure hope so!
Looking for a strong SAE/AE to work in our corporate practice for fortune 100 clients for Weber Shandwick. Email
We are in search of a model or models for our new line of video & photo advertising ... any suggestions or to apply shoot us an email.
One of our new clients, J. Mozeley Interior Decorating, will be launching their new website in April. Details coming!
Do not allow anything or anyone to put you down or hold you back, keep reach high and moving forward!
I wasn't planning on going bowling but I kind of want to go now but I have to ask to use the car
Ya Allah.. Hopefully everything is going back to normal. Amin :').
I wish I had a hammock right now so I could take a nap outside.
haha. I know...But if I don't confirm anything then its just hear say. At times I wonder if Hunter's knows about the blog.
Manson, Jones top CD reviews
A lot of graduation Parties coming up ..
The Wall-channeling-Young tweet was priceless...
lol, i see you have a cast on your finger. i could tell you have a sub. Lol:p
Remember no one wins 70% of their plays consistantly.
hit up the batting cage Nyjer, Gomez is putting together better at bats than you!
Such a BEAUTIFUL day today!! Wish I could play outside in the garden all day :(
Are "good looks" and the "perfect body" enough to make it in the world today? Where does talent and personality fit in?
Have a peaceful night everyone :)
Coworker asked my opinion on Obama's announcement. My response, it's a beautiful thing.
Abby Wambach in a skirt has the potential make up for the fact that I will most likely never see a live unicorn.
FIRST CHAIR! Finally. All of you guys who always made fun of me and wanted to sit in first chair can Suck It!
that bitch is jealous of your sucess.
Hanging with a sick kid, watching Alvin and the Chipmunks. It's not my favorite thing David Cross has ever done.
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself. ~ Theodore T. Hunger
1) How was Bacon Bday?? 2) Got the sigange for #BizComm12 and it looks fabulous! Thanks! :)
soon! And better believe we're all holdin things down til you're back.
Go #80Plates show 'em how to take down a pint!!!
what about me
yea i know...im still asking :) hahaha
Congrats & Heather for getting your #pdx #paleo friendly Cultured Caveman food cart project funded in only 4 days!
here you go !!
#mybiggestflaw-I wear my heart on my sleeve. I get hurt easily.
Got the remix done!! Gonna work on some artwork for a while then it's back to "Jack-O-Lanterns"!!!
#kids May LEGO Class at Pine Richland Youth Center, Fri, May 11 6:30p: Does your child love LEGOs? Drop them off for an hour each Friday...
Heading to for Nutrition Around the Bump event! See you there.
I like the fries
Torrence is sitting on my couch on Instagram.
And of course the winner my best friend !!
The strawberry festival is the shiz!
tumblr is great but it's a pain working through its image sizing quirks
Welcome as a #BroadwayCab follower! Nice to have you on board!
In Montreal working on Blue Mt state with my old friend Ed Marinaro..Having a great time...Hot and Humid here..WOW
I've seen the movies! But whatever, he's happy without all the money :D
naw u was just visiting sumbody at campus thatsall
Almost got pulled over! Lol now late to dinner!! Hah
I may not be the most popular and sexiest girl in school but I'm sure I'm the sweetest and most loving one.
Very true!
RT : great recording with u guys!! can't wait to hear Believe in Me with lyrics/vocals!!
lmfao mine too
Thanks for the follow
if you're attempting to be critical, be specific.
Stewart is killing the ball. Of course he has all season but the batted balls are finally missing the defense.
I hope it clears up my bout of "Oh god, no. Not another Vera Wang! NOT ANOTHER MESSY UPDO! MAKE IT STOP!"
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Entrust <3 <3
send me ur email address and I will forward u some info...
My life sucks. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Damn my nigga Rob! Smh. Ima create you a file so they'll know you're my lease when you come in tomorrow. I don't work
oh hush.(; don't tell me to calm down<3 dm me loser!(;
Thought dis nigga left sum good movies
Your g-chat status is killing me.
My tweets are public for a reason #enjoy <3
Hello Kerri, Thanks for mentioning my blog on your Twitter account.
My bad I fell asleep.. I will DM you RT whats you psn id cuzzo?
My school lost the football game :/ and I'm finally out of school I've been at school for 14hrs. Finally home. =^__^[
we call him "worthy honorable master sir"
What is your favorite fully automatic direct drive turntable model? Might want to replace mine, looking for suggestions.
tbh, me and my cousin started with the Extensions thing. Dont copy me. i got them first bitch..
Tried & true. RT : #edawn consultant: "I think you have a good brand with Biggest Little City, but what do I know?"
been getting the "this channel will be available shortly" on HD for the last 3 days. currently USA and Comedy Central...fix??
Standing on the corner of 38th and Georgetown with a Papa Johns sign. Fml
was the same at USC!! Whatever happened to synergy?
My Bestfriend's Brother is the One for Me <3 # Haha(:
I'm ready to quit school over a bad haircut. I cant stand bad hair days. I also need to get more sleep. This being tired isnt working for me
RT Alert: our Line Dance Class is tonight at 7pm ($5 donation) at Second Baptist Church! Come out and have #fun Richmond!
as real as it gets...
I have a hunch that Avery Bradley is gonna go off tonight
It's sad when you have to go to the taco bell in west Memphis because it's cleaner..
Kitten. Definitely the kitten. :)
This week thx!
Do u guys like my new avatar??:) hot abs right ppl =)
She tries to sound just like Beyonce, lacking originality. Why the "judges" can't see that I don't know.
Jen Vescio () of ESPN on revenue streams: People pay for convenience, to be part of a club or for perceived value.
RT : Alice Walker is one of my favorite poets.
i miss the gamecube days..
I hear: I forget / I see: I remember / I do: I understand
Hey! Just saw your tweet; we have much in common.
tryin' to convince myself i found one, making a mistake i never learned from. i swear i always fall for your type...
What would you do if you knew you couldn't fail?
Done and Done!!
lol chill, I'm just recognizing the holiday
Right ! People are #ridiculous to get so #tense about 's ad for ! Move on guys, it's just an AD! #hypocracy!
Thanks Chris - I can't wait! I already got her a toy camera :-)
Yeah, but I love German chocolate cake like WOAH. haha
Season four, episode one of MAD MEN: first time we see Don fixing his hair. Moment felt a bit monumental to me.
Yo these cavs 4s r the worst smelling shoes I've ever had.
Keep an eye out for on the red carpet tonight along with walking with !
double feature night w/ the kids. My Neighbor Totoro & Spirited Away FTW!
We're nearly there. Dinner and derby are both important.
Sweet! We'll circle back on this when the games are closer.
Horror movies are too fuckin predictable
Did Smith wind up leaving Condon?
Reflect upon your present blessings, of which every man has plenty; not on your past misfortunes of which all men have some. ~C. Dickens
good man.
It is not a bad idea to get in the habit of writing down one's thoughts. It saves one having to bother anyone else with them.
Jury has come back with punishment for Nicole Turner, woman convicted of injury to a child in the death of 5 yr old Julian Soliz. Waiting.
excited to cross "see Bob Huggins' gigantic, angry, red face in person" off my bucket list today. oh, & my 1st #cuse game this yr. finally.
End of the bridal shower: when the heels come off, the earrings come out, and every woman either looks back or forward to her own wedding
yea I been slipping on my tweeting but I'm back at it what's good
I don't know if I should be congratulating you on that or not!
i didn't do my research paper that's due tomorrow tho... baby steps guys, baby steps.
Cursed is the guy who has found some other man's work and can not lose it.
I'm thinking about becoming a hollister , a&f , abercrombie , or aeropostale model(: who thinks I should try?
What a great day, just finished "Secrets of an Inspirational Life" great material by Dr. Wayne Dyer.
I STILL WANT FROZEN YOGURT!
How's it going
Me:"That game is too complicated." 3 Yr Old:"We don't have to use all the rules, Dad. Let's just have fun." Had fun. Who's parenting whom?
The Anchor Bar will open at 10am Saturday so stop by on your way to flugtag
It was very good! Go see it when you can!
What a great day!!! Dad hung out with us watching movies and gave us lots of treats!! Mom coming home soon with ice cream. Yeah....
So happy showed me the #whatsapp app, chatting with my favorite Dutch friend made easy!
So far pretty good.
Wonder how that happened? Good to have you back, though! The guys name is Rev. Jesse Lee Peterson.
it's time to #GETLIFTED tonight at #FB's! 3 bands, $4 bulleit bourbon, $3 imports, all for a $5 cover. 126 W Sixth St.
its a good cd keep rocking
we all have regrets in life
Two hottest girls on Big Break are in the first elimination challenge.
Marcus. Bro it has been forever. When u are here we most definitely have to catchup.
This girl told me I walk like I have something in my butt,and i thought "you walk around with STDs" ,haha.
If you don't wear silver and black, you're a dumbie!
Seconded. “: Something I don't miss about office life: "At least it's almost Friday" in the restroom, hall, etc.”
I need a burger, stat.
When you set a goal make sure it is specific. "To be healthy" isn't going to help you reach your goal, but to cut body fat by 5% is.
A hoe is like the first slice of bread in a loaf. Everybody touches it but nobody wants it..
I would go earlier.
O.o I hate not having actual internet. I get SOO behind in music. :/
bet well we should play or something ill be im town at like 1 tomorrow
boozer fucked up
Oh cool. You wanna hate on me for liking Britney Spears? Sorry your fave will never be as successful.
"I saw a girl walking around today with an iphone 2"... Pfft what a loser
My pleasure!
RT : Wow. Our easy gesture: fresh fruit at the office has fostered much good will at Try it at your workplace
ONe Thing! Is on q102 !!!!!! Asdfghjkl
What did you want to be when you grew up??? I wanted to be 7 feet tall not a very good goal, I just thought it would be cool.
Wonder if that status was about me.
Brian Schimming: "Saul alinsky was a radical. He would have been behind what was happening at state capitol bc he believed in disruption."
Hm I wonder were and surfing together this morning??? Because they both posted pictures of them surfing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I Love You
Why, thank you.
At the hotel Utah in San Francisco missing and :(
Rock so many hats they thought I had a Lebron linin'/ I'm what the games missin': The Colts w/ Peyton Manning
Yay got my new knitted shorts from !!!!!! Love their sales <3
--Dewayne Russell is now of the market, he signed with Northern Arizona yesterday.
If Madonna sings Like a Virgin tonight, I think my TV will explode
Need Beats? Contact us at: $30 For Regular Lease $40 For Premium Lease $100 For Exclusive Rights
Awww. I needed that this morning. Hi, guys!
RT : Insect screens r designed 2 keep bugs out, not keep kids in. Keep child's play away from windows 4 safety's sake.
Apartment hunting in SF again. Oh joy.
Not my cup of tea.
Dear Jets: GO GET RIGHT NOW! GO GO GO GO
African-American History Month was great! Congrats to !!!
Yes, apparently I am capable of fitting into someone's head. It must be from watching Magic School Bus all of those years.
Do you have a macro set up with the text in this tweet? I've heard it at least 10 times before...
Feels good to have something I've always wanted.
Heart you too! ;) RT : hate you a little
Oh, thanks for the reminder. Turning it on now.
I enjoyed your post on about "Con Academy" but why'd you delete it?
Tune in at 11am with for final chocolate segment-dipping Sea Salt Caramels. It's harder than you think!
If you scared of me if I am a big black nigga, then you rotten and racist! Lol bad for my heath!!
Never turn your back on your enemy...
Tonight it is going to have to be a shrimp, cod and clam chowdah. Time to blitz the cold with soup!
thank's for the recommendation. We'll check it out.
Bloody Mary
oh well there's always next year.
We are very excited to have w/Jim Bernau tonight to start off our Spring Winemaker Dinner Series!!
Live your life to the fullest and never let anyone stop you from believing in your dreams if you believe it then you can do it
Thanks ! Hope you are doing well!
House makes me afraid to be a human.
9/25: 12 pm McGuinn 121 with Professor Anne Fausto Sterling from Brown. A presentation with the integration of gender studies and biology.
I hope you at school !
ALRIGHT YHU WIN THIS TIME!
Happy Birthday buddy!
<U+043F><U+0440><U+0438><U+043E><U+0431><U+0440><U+0451><U+043B> Snap Back))swag
- just finished cleaning up , fina find me some to put on and me and my Bestfriend probably fina go see our boo's
1 exam left for the day
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. I am a teenage father who has decided on a safe, smart, protected, educated, and brilliant future.
OMG i did have my lip peirced but then i took it out bc it hurt hahaha got practice piano bcme and hannah and gonna play bruno mars on it!!
How about those Brewers? First time in the national league championship series since I was a year old...FUCKIN A!!!
I know i saw Ringer got cancelled too. I didnt watch it but i hate it got cancelled.
Follow serious moves are being made!
I have been informed that the nearest hammer is up at Circ. Trying hard to ignore the noise.
It's that smile, that keeps me going.
ma petite princess Cva?
#Packers take Florida State offensive tackle Andrew Datko in seventh round. Up again in one more pick.
where you at Bro
really old why lol??
Who wants to b my cuddle buddy in dis rain and after
did anyone else's ticket and ads change places?
we are bad girls too right? LOL... gettin down and dirty at cricket rebuilding together event! Daisy is here too!!!
Got any coffee go-cups yet? lol. Nice place; I'll be back.
thank you! let me know if you'd like to go out with us tonight :) if not, have a great weekend!!
Everyone in the dance department knows who I'm talking about she has 3 brain cells...
Got lots done today, fixed broken props , worked on comp act. feelin' good
you wanna come over and play GI Joe's?
Hey everyone, just a reminder to click the link in my description to like my pic so I can win this contest! Thank you! <3
sounds wonderful. I'm making choucroute garnie with juniper and caraway.
I just ate my very first hot dog wrapped in bacon. As you can imagine, it was delightful.
haha yeah true he is cute mines would be #PrinceRoyce hands down.
RT : "The determination to win is the better part of winning."
Oh my gosh. Best wishes for a speedy recovery. Have you done the big move yet?
thanks!! Happy thanksgiving to you too :)
how is hossa?
STEALING ANGEL tells the story of Maggie Weaver who is on the run w/her 7 year-old daughter. Angel has been abused by a caregiver
Twice today I made business calls and made immediate friends on Facebook. Pretty cool.
Play what? That sounds like a tech "class" not play time!
HELLO CODY :) can you follow me back? <U+2665> 143 #allday love YOU :) i'll be really HAPPY! <3
Study homewrk read
Deserves an #Oscar for not cursing or hitting borat aka the dictator
Thanks for all the RT's. Much appreciated.
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG
"But she came over me like some holy rite, And although I was burning, you're the only light, Only if for a night" <3
JazzBars with KILLED it tonight! We're working on bringing them back for an encore later this month because it was so DAMN HOT!
This why females get treated bad cause they don't realize a real niggaforreal
Nasal congestion
Maestas attrny,Thomson: in regards to why you didn't ask for one more day: seemed like the judge was always "leaving on a jet plane."
Thank you very much! You'll start to see even more interesting Tweets soon, referencing "Scan for the truth!"
Control the options: get others to play with the cards you deal.
When are you heading out?
#TrustYourIntuition #KnowThySelf RT : How has medical cannabis improved your life?
Are they for real? Seriously? Guess they want no one to watch. Whatever.
lowest level of coaching/teaching/training, only one method of motivation....criticism. Sad
Lots of chatter about student loans today. How can we make college more affordable for Latino students?
To you as well! I will check it out!
Feel like an evangelist have told two people this week about the glories of all the treasures to be found-One a stranger on the subway
damn u sexy
LOL MY PERSONALIZED ONE FOR TONIGHT ;) DURING THE SPEACH
you should...Let me..be really happy and follow mee <U+2665>x
I'm going with friends both days. The weather couldn't be any better. I'm excited to see
At Taproot orientation and happy to see the room full with about 24 pro bono volunteers
Lol its okay.... Youth is still on your side!
do you need any volunteers for the Diabetes Sports Camp? Let me know.
Go #Terps! RT : Terps on fire!! Keep it up !
Hope your Thursday is going well + ! Thank you for being our newest followers.
RT : Prayers go out to and Gregory.
hate is a strong word... i bet she hasnt had the right one
Then we gotta anchor that bitch down..! Lol RT Hawaii moves toward Japan 4 inches every year.
Universal City Walk is calling my name.....
I'm thinking it's just you and me
Check out these Outstanding Citizens:
You can refer to me as GOD now
but how do vampires fit into histories of serial killers?
ditto! You went MIA!
i know your creeping
4 off rebounds for Pierce Hornung in 8 min. 6 total rebounds. Dude is killing #MurrayState on the boards.
#SomberSongs The Pain, the Dark, & Other Stings
Laddering with heavy commentary in 20 minutes!
Hello! How are you? Was your visit to the VA a good one? I'm kind-of back. I wanted to check in & let my followers know what's up.
Happy Bday The Queen of the Universe,the one only Madonna!
No your pretty smart. You know stuff.
haha nope, i'll put up 12 bucks to win $2 from you. Mayweather is too slick. Ortiz is scared.
My Internet line is finally back up after having been cut by construction workers
Let's do this , Class Of 2012 ;) <3
Its raining out so I get to sleep with two wet dogs in my bed.
Today's guest is Jordan Goodman... decades of helping Americans improve their financial situations. We can all use that help! Join us!
Off the work grind! Literally lolz now for a good workout n some lame hw :P
Really? Spam on Twitter? That's why I left Facebook!! Sorry to everyone who got spam from me!
A collection of rare thoughts is nothing less than a cabinet of intellectual gems. William B. Sprague
you should do a Q&A then
Thank you!! Yes, my tweeting has been down b/c everyday is crazy busy, LOL. Hope all is great with you :-)
Got a very small taste of the schedule of a touring performer this weekend and have a new level of respect for the grind
I'm working at home.. igg :| x x
Dwight, you ignorant slut .
Fuck being the only sober one!
That's excellent! Where-abouts is it located? Always interested to see where the new DH-focused centers are popping up.
“: That extremely annoying moment, when you're behind a slow walker & there's no way around them” Just Like Work!!'
Sixers will battle Boston. Still hurting from 4 losses in a row. That was unexpected.
Posted on a friend's wall: If Reagan was our Teflon president, Obama is our Velcro president.
yes we ship perfumes abs colognes to Bermuda, would you like to make an order?
#fitfluential Would love your help getting to 500 followers on this Friday!
Listening to David Houle All City #vistagedc2012. Thank you !
Rain on my head call that brain storming
My favorite AFC West team to HATE is ______________.
My son has never seen me cry...almost today....nickname time for this team
Hahaha no sadly! My heart rate is still over 100
Up early hoping to go see avengers this morning!
Good AfterNoon Now :)
!cam shuffle on www.aaron.tv
i should be there. will spread the word to govinfo types in the library
ima be at the 12AM show the morning it come out. lbs.
Sitting at the mall on the puter watching the parade of people go by me. It looks like there is no clear cut dressing style for Saturday AM.
good morning cranky pants :)
Does anyone know where to get mantones here in San Diego?
Mike Vick A Beast!!!!!
I love happy endings.
I literally just watched an episode when I took a break like 40 minutes ago. I'm there in spirit, haha.
I think I'll just have a lot of cats.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with bullshit.
Attended a screening of with a Q&A with director at Lincoln Center. HIGHLY recommended! I cried a little...
Poised Creation has met many great people in Arlington! We would like to thank you for your kindness!
but wait, doesn't that contradict twitters own terms of service?
Omg the Stanley in The Streetcar Named Desire is not bad, not bad at all >;D lmao
count on me, anytime! jk. it will go well!
give it ur all and shoot everything lol
Moving home, Packing my life into boxes!
Work is closing at 3pm today for snow. Of course now it looks like the sun is trying to come out.
no he just says it very very asian.
im not right now lol im headed to walmart but yeah we always on when we got nothing to do lol
Midnight for the next chicken announcement!!
Today 1875: Walter Kohler, Wisconsin's 26th governor, was born in Sheboygan. He was the son of the founder of Kohler Company.
Garcia: Looking for people w diversity of experiences. That way they can get variety of recommendations.
um.. Probably like 8 or 9.
ill watch it again with you. promise.
The things you own end up owning you.
wow, now i REALLY hope that i dont get her.
Yes, yes! I'll be adding yours, too. As soon as I figure out those bells and whistles.
: I don't mind the lass of Nat Park nearly as much as loss of public access to the land. Should be a park!
Just heard speak on shifts in public humility, previewing a forthcoming book. Wonderful presenter.
Where can you buy glycerin for making soap?
I love books....while i was reading a book when is this story gonna start the fun part!!! so i just like books change my min haha :p
Help we're stuck in twitter and I can't get out! ;-)
i hate it when people say they have your back then when your down and need help they the first person gone
But he knows you're not like either. He can cooperate voluntarily or involuntarily.
How are you?
I'd like to see if you have any event you'd like our station to cover! Shoot me an email if you're interested
text me!
“: milk is never a bad choice unless you could've had chocolate milk”
Wow! I love your breakfast Illustration!
So what did the dumbass... I mean, Borg say?
We just got in Chrome Canister Style Fuel Filters in our actual walk in store. Just $4.00 each. And Glass Fual filters just $7.00.
My girlfeiend is 6 weeks pregent i am proud to be a new daddy..i also got a 14 year old son..
6 hours and 12 pages of work later, I still got the problem wrong
San Diego Hunger Coalition Connecting Local Farmers to Schools
awww thank you (:
Boys always downgrade to the trash
#NF the beautiful She has GREAT pics.
Just checked in-gotta see if anyone noticed Russell's new mustache...barely see it!
I wanna meet now :) I just wanna talk to him, hug him and I want him to tell me, that everything will be okay ..
Happy Paczki Day
Getting naked and masturbating in public is a pretty normal Wednesday night for most people in PB
wow that's sad. Nice pic btw.
S/o to the only person who puts up with my nonsense and still loves me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B> 8/31/11 #cheesytweet #iloveyou <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Nicely played AJ
I thought we were too weird??
Hehehe... Freshman formal's comin' up... ASKIN' HIM TO THAT OKAY.
- then I'm in! U got extra sleeping bag?
'Relationships' that last less than a year are not relationships. They are merely persisting flings or romances if you will.
“: In Oklahoma, it's actually illegal to take a bite out of another person's hamburger.” Especially if it's a Braum's hamburger!
Also, I'll have you know I typed that off the top of my head, before coffee.
are you a parking ticket? Cause you got fine written ALL over you;)
Not caring (:
Lurking Larry.
Get tested, STAY POSITIVE!
#WOTD: Who would you cast to play the band members in Wilco (The Movie)?
Helping my mom in her 3rd-grade classroom today. Its been 1.5 hours and I'm already exhausted. God bless #teachers!
Hope you had good meeting Jeff. Their "Cost of Freedom App" seems to be doing good.
The good part about learning at the last minute my conference trip won't be funded is that I suddenly have four or five unscheduled days.
87 cappers with their plays posted Sunday with Consensus in the NBA on Knicks.Houston a& College Stanford.. See ya at the Window
David Rockwell's mom started a community theater and David built sets and acted in all the plays
RT appreciated OG! <---Oh & download my nephew 's new mixtape "Twenty-One". Ya'll will agree, kid is NICETY!
Deep breaths then back in the game. Getting humans to change bad behavior can lead the instigator to pick up bad habits at the local bar.
GAB won't certify primary until Friday, but some clerks already have mailed put absentee ballots.
that's not good for the baby miss thang!!!!
what would your cell block be named? what's your genre?
- Just spotted your tweet about Contador. Bummer. (Thanks for the follow. Look forward to more of your tweets!)
true...but shouldn't we learn from the mistakes of the past?
Also, do you know what uses to create the caricatures?
The good old days are happening right now.
When setting your Easter table, don't forget Root candles, America's best candle comes in a variety of colors and styles @ BullFish!
She don't care
Sending love to LMNS Giveaway Sponsors GL Accessories
my fault , been out the way lately, over Texas, phone been in the quiet bag since I left
I took my twitter break but now back to last 30 pages of revision to call it a night. Thanks for chiming in and stuff! :D
HOLY SHIT!!! I'M GAINING SO MANY FOLLOWERS ALL I DID WAS Blah Blah Blah I get so sick of reading that shit everytime I log on..
The super bowl? 0. Kind sir : What are my chances of winning?
I only see West coast cities.
LOOKING FOR PITTSBURGH ARTIST'S WHO WOULD LIKE TO PERFORM BAR THE 17TH OF MARCH $150 FOR 30 TICKET'S U SELL $10 A PIECE HMU 4 DETAILS
Thanks for the #FF!!
Perry had a 54 second brain fart, Obama has had one that's lasted 3 years!
Thank lord for coffee.
Why are normal human beings asleep around 2am? I'm wide awake and bored. waa
how can i get a flyer any way to mail em out?
All kinds of early baseball to kick off Sunday Funday. Bloodies and mimosas!
Taking a real chance watching #SOTU while tweeting from my iPhone.. May have an urge to throw something @ the TV
#YouKnowYourAGeekWhen You get more excited for history class than going home
Playing tonight in NYC @ Sullivan Hall featuring the Wild Magnolias and Houseman!!! Honey Island Swamp Band opens at 9pm.
I want more Christopher Guest-Eugene Levy- Fred Willard-Jennifer Coolidge-Bob Balaban- Catherine O'Hara
This game irritating me and I ain't got time to hear nine of y'all mouths u annoying heat haters on twitter that is
President annouces complete withdrawl from iraq. Its bout time they get to come home. 40,000 merry christmas s this year. Thank a vet
He threw a golf shoe at my team! how can i like him after that? then as he was walking his shin collided with Briere's head
Can anyone recommend a business thesaurus to ?
Cake and beer FTW.
i think someone is playing with my shit!!!! lol
It would have been really hard to hate the L.A.
Oh god, someone please help me. I'm so fucking weak.
some of us are actually from FL... some of us have survived car jacking... you?
#boston is eliminated. at least something went right this year.
great book for everyone but intended as a kids' picture book: A River of Words, The Story of William Carlos Williams
There's no point in worrying because if something bad happens, you've lived it twice.
Looking for people to join Wine Diego
crown heights
How do you get an alien baby to sleep? You Rock-et...
Follow my bro . One of the coolest guys around! I love him! now go FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW! :DD
so dark. so punk.
Real friends answer when they're on the crapper XD
can't DM bc he's not following me:/
I keep my circle tight!
working from home today. The snow is crazy here. Anyone using Google Buzz yet? Google is trying to take over the world.
still ? Nice to see you, please don't steal the gov't pens.
"See you might have the same outfit but if you aint got my swag you can't rock it like this!!"
Best not to think too much about that.
taste daaa rainbow
I want a puppy. :(
thank you for taking part in all of this! Every person counts <3
Stay safe, - RT : US Navy orders Va. ships to prepare to get out of the way of Irene beginning early Thursday
take a look at me, then you'll realize how pretty you are. c:
Dark Shadows used to be a shitty melodramatic soap opera back in the day. Why did they decide to turn it into a shitty shitty movie now.
BUT HERE'S MY NUMBER!!!
I think you'd have to wait in a long line outside the lockerroom for that jeer.
good mornin...I hurt myself working out yesterday...so I am actually skippin yoga this mornin but have every intention of doing yoga tonight
Happy to see I am not the only one out there who's house looks taken over by toys!
RT thanks so much! : just dropped a massive new song. You guys need to check them out, this is quality stuff.
Being a singer, I know quite a number of others, but most are over here. Bagging a bass-baritone could be a challenge, but hey...
We're missing tonight! Feel better comrade!
Sometimes we waste too much time thinking about someone who doesn't even think about us for a second
Turn that speakerphone down, I can't hear myself drink.
such a good movie!
Big crush on soccer/futbol girls!
Good man. “: Happy Birthday to one of our community's finest faith leaders, Rev. C.J. Rhodes ”
The Florense USA team wishes you and your family a Happy Thanksgiving!!!
We're celebrating the #1 Gospel single in the country! 's 'Let the Church Say Amen' TY to all radio announcers
I hope we are best friends like Jonathan & David <U+2764>
That was pretty funny actually hahaha!
Congratulations to Jay Sanchez NAGA Bantam Weight Expert Division Champion
It's Friday! Just thought that I'd share :)
sounds like I missed another twitter dust up! Lol
yes they are, mostly! They do have saturated fat so eat them in moderation about 1/2 a cup but check serving size
God bless them. <U+2665>
Come on twittahhhhhhhh~
Right on! Thanks for following. Finally got a chance to see John McLaughlin a couple years ago in S.F. Big Soul Sounds
I usually don't hate on any artists music.. But seriously Nicki. What are you doing.
Sweet!!!! RT : You can have any of our coffee frappuccinos LIGHT! : Is there a low-cal one???
. and Cantor back UE benefits for people back to work? WTF? How much deeper do we dig the hole, fellas?
Coogee's lovely, isn't it? My son's father lives there.
so boring when u r away of your purpose....
The #LinSanity continues as the #Knicks beat the
Sally&#39;s blog :): Oprah Winfrey is a role model worth career women to ...
Watching Mad Men on Netflix, this is seriously my favorite show ever.
Man, this sounds sad. RT : Ballgame over. Yankees lose.
listening to Rage Against the Machine while writing my international peace Studies paper. take the power back! would be proud
Ahh great work out! :)
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
"You need help" Yeah, what the fuck is your point?
Down low niggas
Probably gonna get back to my element n make some chill music tonight.
Word. “: "Sending out your first book is like sending your child out into traffic on the freeway" -”
I love when I'm on an important call and the Beauty and the Beast soundtrack accidentally starts booming loudly.
Haven't seen a politician cut such a dashing figure since Boris Yeltsin
thank god n dc we pay some of the highest gas prices
The #Bucks out-scored the #Blazers 62-29 after Portland had an 11-pt. lead early in the 3rd.
Perfect day for making banana bread!
I'm in! Great idea!
: I had a blast, would not have been the same w/o you!
yes...success :D and Isabel wanted to be an engineer.....and I change my mind every day lol >.<
What does "women...routinely give better" mean?
Happy Birthday !!! Love you !!
there is no end date set
At FL410 I get an epiphany. The only reason I subscribe to the MJS is because of the sports writers.
- then follow my blog please! :)
Marshall is done. So Kottaras is on to pinch hit against Ondrusek.
There's still plenty of time left for $4 salads at the Bakehouse!! We hope to see you there....
- well, at least it wasn't a chart for best food. UK would have been a lot farther down the list I fear.
Just saw a pretty solid music performance, well thought out and definitely a nice Friday evening in the
"We are raising multiple choice thinkers in an essay world." wise words
you know how the diamondbacks hit a home rum every time's the bases are loaded? gah... we need some of that.
Ikea? They're the best. (I also have an Ikea bed. Totally feel like a grownup.)
Grand opening of MyStudio Fridays!! Hit me up for tables, !
If you're not busy, drop by #cujinnovation to see our interactive project.
Bummer :( hopefully it can be found online.
Owner Ashley Grant with reporter ! Looking forward to the story on Valentine toffee! It will air soon!
I miss my BFF cole
did your husband come with?
the Epic 4G(non-rooted) was used as a primary testing device in dev'in the game. Have not tested with rooted, thx 4 the heads up!
woot woot! get your tickets asap, and bring some friends! it's gonna be a partayyy
Sorry man. Too good an opportunity to turn down, especially considering it's YouTube & Google. It will be worth it in the end.
I received a best of Ringling award today with for our exhibition design project, Dark Nature.
BIg thanks for the #FF! Have an awesome weekend!
need some motivation today
But they don't find the monster.
Im Writing alot these days, and am looking for ways to get Music out to everyone possible.............
act single & you'll end up single .
No haha. I like the fact that I look like a man. lol
Happy New Year's Eve! We can't wait to see you all tonight to bring in 2012, Grazie style!
I have two vacant positions: Associate Director/COPE (www.rfcuny.org) and MPA Career Counselor (www.jjay.cuny.edu). Apply online.
Severe weather expected Saturday -Nebraska's spring game still on as scheduled 1 pm start. NU officials will be monitoring weather
I have that signed by him. Orange label on Rock and Roll Records? Should I come up there and sell it? I'd take 150
for the laughs :)
congrats on finally making the tourney again. real cute program you have going there.
TY for following<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00BA><f0><U+009F><U+0087><U+00B8>
I'm a HUGE fan...think I can get an autograph? PLEASE???
Sittin here wit 8 twix n 4 containers of cookies and i plan on eating them all right now :-)
Watched never aired episode of Fearless was in it! Wish show would've aired. those books were super special 2 me in jr high.
Great warm wknd in MS w/ my Mom...looking forward to NYC tomorrow. Coaching is great thing,,,'ya know!
#moolaboys we mixin shit up over here SPACESHIPS ON MY WAY TO PLUTO<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
More and more happy hour lovers are using our app ( www.gotime.com/mobile ) to find HH!! Is your happy hour in our directory? www.gotime.com
#parenttrigger forces failing schools to ansr to fams they serve...For our parents in comms, this opp cant wait
Check out Jay Leno, I will be dancing on there tonight with Gloria Estefan.
Have fun and hope your students enter 2012! RT : Taking my history class for a talk with
like Hughes 2 but his x's running out hope he can fix what's wrong.Luv Pettitte 2 can't wait! BaBye garcia!
Adele wins it all tonight just like Amy Winehouse, Macy Gray, and Lauryn Hill. Here's to a better follow up this time.
Follow your dreams
daymmm how many followers do u have right now?
just tryin to stay sane
So, Manny Pacquiao thinks all gays "should be put to death."??? Well, that sucks.
Hey! Yey Holts! Hope your weekend is fantastic!!
If i hear "no hands" ONE MORE TIME...
have you seen his pictures when he participated in "Walk a mile in her shoes?"
OMGG ALEX IM GOING TOO!!!!! WHICH ONE DO YOU GO TOO ????? :DD <3 #yee 4
God’s limitless energy strengthens me inside and outside.
#FF !!!! #TeamBluey! that's what's up!
": The bumps are badges of honor. Every athlete hits a few bumps in the road..staying strong to come back strong!"
I do I was the one who wanted to be your side kick
Raining in St. Louis. Perfect time to study our new uptune.
Your cute
lol Katy Perry..you know where i work..well is a privilege to get to tuck me in wink wink
4 hours of sleep sounds wonderful right now. goodnight<3
Austin has his second single, I cannot wait for his FIRST CD <U+2665>
#15peopleilove She's also a really great friend to have and a really great writer you should read her stories! :)
Louis is my new boyfriend...jk (;
IT IS GOING DOWN TONIGHT AT THE KING OF DIAMONDS CALL FOR VIP TICKETS IF YOUR IN MIAMI FL PARTY BUS,FREE DRINKS, ALL NIGHT V.I.P
Fox News magazine store in Houston is all out of The Nation, but has plenty of copies of Cigar Aficionado.
have to file open records for that info. And we stopped his father in law the night he was home after game.
My biggest fear??... a charlie horse in the middle of a sleeping stretch!! them thangs do not play.
Jingle bells, haters smell. Losers go away. JUSTIN WON, haters lost! Beliebers all the way! HEYY! :)
These antibiotics are kicking my ass! #Drowzy&Dizzy
Why did everybody try to get me to follow their diet when I know what works for me? They changed their tunes when they saw me skinny
Looking forward to wrath of the titans! And battleship!
#Orioles these aren't the teams we're supposed to beat, right?!
currently dead from the band lockin
My first order of business...Saints Row 3
Why not
Will you please Support the Official Petition to save Conan? www.imwithconan.com/petition Please RT
Woot! When's that?
is stunned.
I miss talking to
If you want to be trained about how to collect recall signatures come to the Bourbon Street Grille in Monona from 4-5 this Thursday.
cat carrier on the way to the vet :(
Gahhh! I know :( see you tonight? it'll happen somehow, I believe! haha
Good win, great to see back on the court
ok so i need a white board, a stapler, and an iMac Pro. i am NOT a PC. SMH
hey whats up
I hate when people get mad when I tell them like it is . If I don't like you then I don't deal with it smh
Are any of u excited of any movie that will be on theaters in 2012? Please tell me!!!
Ugh, I don't feel like chatting with the cleaning lady today and I hear her coming. Too much to do, no time for small talk.
yikes! Kids found one in ours too a few weeks back. Nice snap.
thank you. U too. Have a good day (:
#AskEllen Will I get to be a guest on your show in the very near future? ;-p
is tripping off nothing lol smh
Noonan may eat his words later.
Is Casee Anthony Guilty ? Has the State proved its case beyond a reasonable Doubt.
#RonArtest has to go! He don't need to play in the NBA anymore
Simple exercise tip: Walk around your building on your lunch break at work. Invite a co-worker to join you.
Well, I do plan to dress in black
Trying to not go to bed to early but want to pass out. Oi.
I remember in high school when I had started a Glee club called"Treble Rebels"or as my classmates & faculty used to call us"shut up faggots"
im a reynard and im proud<3
If u can't spell principal it probably shouldn't be on the resume... no hire.
Eww it smells nasty, krystall did you shit on yourself? Her: dont hit me. Me *slaps her* ... mean big sister (:
Im obviously a bad bitch RT : why ?
Congrats to & on their big play-off win today! Keep it rolling.
RT : no o okay
hey girl, i'm off the grid for a little while... like next weekend. Hope all is well!
hopefully i can go out tonight after soccer today.
I'm a radial button kind of guy so the live powers will be a new experience-- looking forward to it!
“: “: & I Ain't Doing No Pick Ups Or No Drop Off Today!!!!” yaw niggas is 3663”Yeah What He Said!!!!
oh I'll find a way to do that I'm sure! Thanks!
Smart women can read through men who take too many pictures of their perfectly chiseled bodies..usually means u dont have much to offer
get'em big guy!
A new monastic brewery coming to PA. m.post-gazette.com/living/libations/us-monastery-brews-return-after-a-century-1210360
Aaannndd now I'm hungry... -.-
The foul with 14 left was idiotic
I wish it were just 9 PM already so the finale of would come on...
don't forget the capital W...
Absolutely this RT : Every time I hear the #Beatles I'm struck by what a genius George Martin was.
Acting should be bigger than life. Scripts should be bigger than life. It should all be bigger than life. - Bette Davis
what was written in the opinion column is not the statement of Manny, it was the writer's opinion.
Well if you have two Ohio Honey's at Spice it's going to be a par-tay!
I can't even put my makeup on one side of my face, my cheek hurts so bad haha
Holy crap.
The prettiest people do the ugliest things #NP All Falls Down
how you
If you love god retweet(:
Italian sandwiches from a place named after a place in the US, which is actually in Canada?
right! that nigga Wolf was a livewire for sure
Back to D-
Love this book RT #fridayreads SAVORY SWEET LIFE by Choc cupcakes w/peanut butter frosting? YES.
I think chuck norris should get off his whimpy little a-- and bring back walker texas ranger....love ya chuck.
We cannot solve today's problems with yesterday's thinking. That's how we got here.
Oh. That's much less exciting. Hopefully it wasn't in support of a candidate you can't stand!
gotta update that Twitter, son!
#GLiTTERSWAG Lovatics got it. You mad bitch? Stay mad. ;)
SOMBODY GIVE ME INTERACTIONS IM BOARED
Yeah I hate those $10 scratch cards, you always have so much hope for them, but they end up being a big time loser.
Can't stop watching That 70s Show
#ReplaceTheProBowlWith Rob Ryan and Troy Polamalu shaving each others head
Awesome win, crew! Even if t plush was out. :)
k “: if you cant get it open... I may have to show you tomorrow.... it is aweful”
anywhore, what's up guys? (:
oh girl, this is good! xx
It was too funny not to share.
I love when #Twins turn these double plays.
I know what isn't going to win best sound mixing: The 84th Annual
Columbia down 64-62 to Harvard 3:05 left in OT. and spike lee sitting down again
u no wat? im so hungry...but im 2 lazy 2 walk downstairs and get somethin (:
What's up my ppl
i just realized you have one of these...go spit on brain, then follow me.
yea me too.. gimmie some free coffee lol
FEELIN LIKE THE END IS NEAR JUST WAITING FOR HIM TO OPEN HIS MOUTH AND BE REAL smh!
If God didn’t exist, we would invent him-download- InSpotter app
Going Hard 4 Christ in MW3!
I hate when the president is in town. More cops on the street, & they just block the sidewalk. Screw my school for being so close to the UN.
I'm so proud of you, really. JoBros are back!
I just finished a 3.60mi run with a pace of 7'26"/mi with my Nike+ GPS app.
yea but freedom hall will always be my fav... I really hope WM comes to Lucas Oil
Reminder - No Friday Free Day today.
I did my screencasting assignment 2 weeks early. That means I can take a pass on doing anything else productive over the weekend, right?
LOL, I guess many of the Biggies aren't known for their originality, eh? ;)
Excuse me?? You're like already better at twitter than I am#wtf?
"I'm doing the right thing." the road to Hell is paved with good intentions, so keep lying to yourself.
Guys, it's ok, we've scored 7 or more runs twice already this year.
Sitting on the dock of the bay...
Tim Tebow to Deliver Easter Sermon at Texas Church
No problem smart n sexy wow!! U represent #Team2Sexy!!
That is beautiful.
showed me that. He loves me.
It looks fantastic as always. I can tell you've been working on it a long time. When do you think the final harvest will be?
Karl Rove & James Carville to keynote 1st Annual Congressional Civil Justice Caucus Academy Gala tomorrow (9/13), 6pm @ Reagan Building
I remember that day like it was yesterday...
Since the players union didn't get what they wanted, the next step is to recall David Stern.
Pizza and ranch! One of the best combos...
Who is going to the ICFF next month? May 19 - May 22, 2012 Location: May 19 – 22, 2012 Jacob K. Javits Convention Center, New York, NY
If Guinness were actually mothers milk, would that make us all Irish?
Thatz gud gotta stay positive.....negative stuff bring u down
Damn you, shitty weather! That's twice now that my skydiving plans have been cancelled. I don't care if there's a tornado, I'm going next wk
uh meaning I expect men to let women off the elevator first
"Holding on is harder than it seems."
good luck!
But we can target bond expenditures at projects that can free up general funds which can be used for teachers
High-fives for everyone! RT : So what happens if no one bows out?
What the deuce?? Since when is there a TacoDeli on North Lamar?
I joke around saying it, but I think people grow a stupid gene when the weather changes too fast. GET OUT OF MY WAY!
Wow!! We were just promo'd on #TribeFest special feature!!! So exciting!!
anything quantum is automatically 100 times cooler.
not anymore :)
I likee a guy but he has a girlfriendd .. And he's a playerr. :'(
from Jim Friauf Shall I follow you here or the OSU you?
Nice thing about entertaining at dusk is that dust and crumbs are not as readily apparent.
has joined #SMSS12 panel.
Had ta hurry up and cancel that request lol
pls follow back? (:
A combination of getting up late and being on the west coast but #Lunchtime is not an appropriate hashtag for me right now.
that was a big win over a very good team. They will be a very tough group in WCC play
already voted for u in athlete on Jan 5th but didn't know about the football category! On it.
Hurry back
dogs are pack animals, do you want a pack of - those?
LOL. You were going to vote for him anyway. Nice try, tho
did you see Like Crazy? Or do you just know that the bathroom is the appropriate place to weep about it?
ur official tweeter?
It's not possible to succeed in anything, if you don't want to do it in the first place.
So true Cameron!
Looking for SoFla mom bloggers for a fun family event in June!
Nothing new here. How about you?
sorry for the late response i missed this reply. You should be able to add a link under the resume section of your profile
of choose course. Lol You know me. Taking care of the hubby and kids, exercising, cleaning house... You know same old same old
Perfect can't wait, glosses are almost sold out;)
File these under gross Halloween candies: banana Laffy Taffy and Bulls-Eyes. (Shudder.)
Ellen DeGeneres is in Minnesota to spread the word about moving to 4pm on watch for sightings at tonight's Twins game!
So good. Definitely!
Interesting. Could be down, let me think about and I'll be in touch!
Finally back on Twitter since Thursday. :) Great to finally meet you, too! See you at Beta in a few weeks?
BOTTLES are more elegant and vintage =)
Fair enough.
#NowShowing ORIGINS OF AMERICAN ANIMATION Collection of early American animated cartoons (1900-1921)
Got a test early in the morning & I don't no what it's on- talk about clueless !
Learning how to fill out the patents papers :)
Interviewing FSU students for internships in sales and marketing.
haha, it happens. I accidentally drank a bunch if caffeine, so I'll be up all Night. Oops.
When you feel like a winner, you go to Vegas
My pops just pulled a female at the bar
thanks Linda for kns mention- have a great week
We are heading out to the Food Truck Extravaganza tomorrow Look for some tasty postings on Antengo!
clippers need to play KMart more
yayyyy! It's at your house?
wish we had floor seats doe
Ooh, I feel so lucky to be grouped with both of you!
this house is SO much better when im alone. alone as in without my mom here.
": u for real? U were suppose to wait 4 me!! Lol" yep im serious at one of my favorite resturant
All mann.... Got 2 work??
I would really enjoy the chance to start one Manchester Derby b4 I die. Make it happen
That sounds racist.
I'm so glad people are talking about this (aside from us).
Thanks! Will correct at 11!
Thanks for the RT! Let's show those eles some love!
she is an actress she played deuce girlfriend on shake it up and she was in that so raven
you shoulda went swimming. it wasn't that cold!
We are going to Vantage pointe building tonight from 6:15 to 8:15 on 9th street! Ciao
Focus: mission, vision, determination and implementation...
:) that's gonna be some potent stuff!
lots of art crushes, good ideas and international art xchanges today at #ispany12 #I<3ny
Dealers have nothing to hide
where have u been? That song is awesome!
yea we should! I need to get better though haha
Open word document, type name, hour break.
FloRida and Juliet? Not exactly the best combo.....
FYI: Philly's Broad St. (10-mile) run impacted crowd arriving late.
top with a couple of different cheeses and sauteed onions and mushrooms!
Nice pic. What is that filter? X Pro II? #hipstagram has filters like PBR Tuesday.
FDR turned the US around by raising minimum wages to living levels and penalizing biz for using overtime versus new hires.
love u too!
A day of sleep and recovering from sunburn capped with a beer is not so bad.
Watch me tonight on NBC 7/39 on my lawsuit against SDPD on behalf of an Arizona cop falsely arrested by SDPD!
I need Mari's help to get you tweeting, lol.
Yeah. I noticed that as well. ALA had a presence at #C2E2. Why not CPL? It seemed odd.
Not bad, but lacking in the ever-important zebra reference department.
I am going through withdrawal ... LOL
Thank you! RT : welcome and thx for following!
what's goin' on in this fucked up state? xD
thanks for the follow. I'd love to chat and see how we can collaborate
Went to Trader Joe's and forgot my reusable bags *again*.
thank you so much!
The family is one of nature's masterpieces. - George Santayana
Dear sanitary toilet seat cover maker, y did u make the toilet seat cover smaller than the toilet? Thnk u 4 carin abt my health.
That's right
I hope you are not texting and driving.
o snaps haha is it the first day on the job?
I envy you right now.
RT : Advice from : Be naive. From : Be childlike. From Steve: Stay foolish. From me: Play more video games.
I have to admit, I'm enjoying your unglued-ness, but don't want your stomach's lil' ecosystem screwed up by antibiotics.
i couldnt agree with you any more school sucks
Money goes money comes it's what you know about it.....
Not saying it's not great that he's openly supporting it. I just would have liked him to be talking about it 3 years ago or so.
stressful week starts from tomorrow!
We are so cool!
Ha ha ha! I'll send you my paypal link!
Awww. Thanks, J. We missed you at Muse.
ha. I already am. But I expect yours to be even more colorful and emotionally bias.
keep up the great works sis
always have faith don't ever forget it!!!!
Be joyful in #hope, patient in affliction, faithful in prayer. Romans 12:12
wow then u def doin sum right, u even got game on twitter. congrats
If nothing lasts forever. Will you be my nothing? <3
If im in ur way dont fuckin push & be a bitch like tht; say excuse or i swear ill beat the shit out of u:))
excuse me
yeah it does look kinda rhianna ish....
Ugh. #Knicks battling injuries! All year we've battled injuries. Doesnt give this team a chance to show that they can do!
nope you couldn't ever be either....
a ha! just figured it out! LOVE this thing!
Roald Dahl~ We are the music makers and we are the dreamers of dreams.
Officially done with 3/6 classes. I'll be a college grad in under 36 hours! Now for 5.5 hours of sleep before I have to start tmrws hell day
Raven nation get a load of this guy Giving our fans a hard time.
most likely...day drinking right now!
Isn't Eisenhower far? The trails at Hardberger are awesome. Love it there.
Well, the latter certainly describes you.
About to make some Ham&cheese
Happy Birthday!!!!!!!
Actually cold in LA today. Good prep for Alaska on Wednesday.
Rosanne Cash adds voice to sex ads opposition | HM
morning boo
Excited to be at the Digital PR Next Practices Summit today with the Bhavans
Rockin' New Year's Eve for ever after. RIP Mr. Clark.
Hm. Maybe. And while I know it was the 70's the disco-ness of it just seems incongruous with everything else.
LOVE the pics of you and your folks! Your mom makes me think appliques: Uterati appliques. Who are the craftiest among us?
Do what's right, not what's easy.
you buying me a new pair of kicks? My #ShoeGame is on point
Genital Hospital blows in your ear and tickles your fancy.
haha u would notice that;)
excellent brother! You da best.
Great night with my fam!
Oak Grove gets 4x acceptances into UC than Valley Christian
Wanted to thank you for being our first donator on kickstarter for our film "Mommy Loves You". Again...thankyou... R.G. Powell
We did too! Thank you for coming!
vale Hank Nelson, #png has lost a great historian.
I think i just ate my weight in food.
The reason it rains is that Chuck Norris scared the clouds, and they wet themselves.
I dont wanna take this life for granted like i used to.
hahaha sounds good! All I made was funfetti cake lol
everyone said it was good.
Suppose I should be grateful my city computer and Blackberry take turns freezing up.
text me for the plans this weekend
I always get super excited about planning events and then I remember how much work it is!
Ambassador Rasool recognizes the USA ANC Co-Chair Dr. Jean Bailey&her efforts in coordinating projects in the US and HU !
Thanks Samire for sharing Mandy's #Avengers post! Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
i had one and could prove it.
Congrats on good run
Happy Valentines Day!!!! Hope all my Twitter friends are doing great! I've been playing, playing, and playing some more! XOXO!
Congratulations!! I can't wait to meet the geekiest baby to date !!!
J.D. Souther performing When You're Only Lonely
The Who?
Truly <U+2665>'ing some1 means freely letting them go, even tho it hurts you, because it makes the one you <U+2665> happy. Why deprive them of happiness?
I luv sunny and 70 degree weather
i'll text u
The runner was safe. Foot was off the bag. Padres should have another shot at winning that one. Time for instant replay in MLB.
You are too kind - thanks so much!
btw, Ridley Scott did Blade Runner. you knew that, but I had to mention it because, well, it's Blade Runner.
I still don't get why Pete cheats on Trudy... She's way prettier and more interesting/strong than Rory Gilmore...
You never know what you'll find at the back of the closet
not sure exactly, b/c the beta has not yet been released. Their punchline is "digital passport."
Cause you know I'd walk a thousand miles if I could just see you, tonight.
What is that link of ? It says it was suspened or something .
": So you can tweet and put status's, but you can't text me? K."
HAHAHAHA i just read this out loud to a friend who immediately and emphatically answered "yes!"
acting silly right now, watchin wizards of waverly place the movie with my babygirl KaLiaH!!!
.: Planned Parenthood doesn't ask who you voted for - "you get taken care of and the community is healthier"
Give me some clothes nig.
the new stuff is only available instore at the shop right now. get your #blvckscale on..
Thanks for your live Tweeting, so we can stay in the loop from here!
Spot trending now in Chicago, IL: Starbucks (K12) - Starbucks (live updates)
I'm so bored
I am losing a lot of respect for right now...
A recent survey concluded that today women are the most beautiful at 30, according to both sexes, and men look the most handsome at 33.
Telling someone how you feel is honestly the hardest shit ever.
G.M.N.I.: I just want to see my moms w/ everything she deserves before I leave this earth. It's one of my few dreams.
thanks are you in houston?
Just read in a blog: "verticalizing the horizontal nature of peer-to-peer networks creating a defacto digital hierarchy."
your that dude with a sparkly iPhone case. Still lookin bomb af doe
ill give u that. We saw it 1st hand this weekend
How does Weaver NOT throw yet another no-hitter tonight? Saying our line-up is embarassing would be an understatement. What the shit.
happy birthday i love u so mush. my birthday is in november the 16.LOL:) follow me
We have been trying to access our Adobe Platinum Support for Flex Builder Pro 3.0 since June with no luck. Anyone have any ideas?
Bitch gon respect me, bitch aint gotta like me Way i check a nigga ya would think i worked for Nike.
<U+2665> so what's your name?(:
For the next 2 hours swing by Diego's Mexican Cantina and get the deal shown here: $6.99 Combo & a Coke!!
I will be retweeting the most hilarious Brad and Angelina tweets ... stand by ...
Back on the road to the Dark Tower. #wizardandglass I've missed my Gunslinger.
. is the first single going to be Forced Gender Reassignment? i feel like that would be a strong first single for this album.
Belmont's Kailee Kamps swept girls shot put & discus titles to lead the Braves to a second-place finish in the Six Rivers team standings.
I'm sitting with you so save me a seat(:
especially w/o
Thoughts on the impact of greatly expanded access to #studentloans as a contributor to pct #highered students taking them?
Worked 8 hours on pre-production today. Today was a good day!
Prepping articles on #art and #museums roles in climate change education
Hey , it's hip hop Friday in our office. Is it too early to request "Teach Me How to Dougie"? It's an office fav. Thanks!
I'm so tired.. I feel like I made a mistake...
:) I was wondering if it was too hard of a question...
Everybody + Some Watches Bad Girls Club.
- It's like feeding the homeless. It mocks the rest of our lives.
Time for a little #Shakespeare Sunday!
I have 1 goal this week... and its not even up to me to complete!
what's good
Congrats on the fantastic review!
Maria Maria restaurant in Mission Valley may soon get an overdue visit from one of it famous investors. STORY:
I keep forgetting to Live Tweet this broadcast because I'm VERY HIGH. -- Live at Zenlive.tv NOW!!
I miss the good ol days where I was dumb and hot, now I'm just dumb :p
meta-blogging. blogging about blogging. blah blah blahg.
maybe it's that
Missed Him!! Seeing You Soon!! Soon Is Almost Here~~!! xx <U+2665>
katy perry never tweets me ;(
Glad you're following me. I also support the restoration of Judeo/Christian values in the US — like universal healthcare!
well guess you'd have to do more than tweet for that!
#Thingsthatpissesmeofinthemorning when people open the door while im sleeping and leave it open
I'm as disappointed as you that the guy running awkwardly and holding his neck was just checking his pulse and not nursing a zombie bite.
If I'm in a "Good Mood," the absolute last place I would be is Arby's.
All that ass
Research then rehearsal today :)
Boys are assholes, and I hate em.
you had lessons into your 20s? I dropped out in 2nd grade woot!
I might have to stop by, I work til 3 though :(
I use twitter 4 marketing our products and it works. Just cause it's cheap doesn't make it bad.
I hear Husky fans at Madison Square Garden! Let's GO DAWGS!!!!
Jump in the car with the whole family and come grab a delicious Chick-fil-A breakfast.
Loaded with football recruiting updates. We hit the texas triangle, DFW, H-twn & SA. The staff is busy blazing trails!
It will be out in a few weeks.
#NowPlaying: Over My Dead Body- Drake c:
1st and goal from the 5 and no TD?! This offense sucks!
is a Princess
The cutest people always seem to be the saddest.
BETTER. Twelve.
Thought same thing! Shame! RT : Hey Feldco window commercial. Why is the Asian couple the ones playing ping pong?!?
the slow green fox waslked under the boring dog.
haha i knew that was u
I need to find a 420 party! Umm nope - I don't smoke but I can always SIP on my Hennessy and laugh wit the high people.
done I'm following him
And there's a reason that 16 year olds can't vote. Society says they make poor decisions.
Totally addicted to Tennessee Pride mini sausage biscuits. So much for meat free. I was doing so well...
serving some great effinghams at Harbor House this weekend
Whew! Missed by a few inches on the map...! Welcome to Springtime in Tulsa...The weather folks are going tor an Oscar the whole way!
I'll see you AND Guy Brett on Thursday evening, pretty jazzed for some quality cinema work.
Dressed like a bunny tonight!
It was great to have Jamie join us today for #SommChat. We hope everyone learned as much as we did!
haha no I swear, I invented/guessed that coupon code and it worked! Its amazing! like 70% off!
Abou Diaby on for This is his 1st match in almost 11 months. I always thought he could be a special player if he stayed healthy
Checking in. How goes recovery?
Love this song "Gotta Have It" - kanye west & jay z :)
Congratulations Bum #1 Fear the turtle!!!!!
Hehe indeed! :) & awh really? that's just awesome! Have fun girl! ^^ & Holiday starts somewhere at the end of June. Wb there?xo
all of us are coming.
As a favorite, I can confirm. As a nice person *snicker* you should not have favorite kids.
Perfect we also have a Duckhorn wine dinner May 22nd! Welcome to attend both. lol.
#ILikedYouUntil i saw you did tht with every girl .
Looking forward to this Saturday's plein air paintings!
Here's to the Mahomies that is proud of Austin's carrier ... 2012 is his year, <3
haven't been on twitter in months! :o
What does not kill you will only make you stronger. If UK survives this game, I think we will see a totally different UK the rest of the way
Q6 Grandpa had said how well behaved our 18 mo was, just then he knocked something over and exclaimed "Aww Shit"!
#raw10 Dated a woman, she was Jekyll n Hyde. She was Jekyll b4 drinks, nice n sweet. After drinks, she started calling me, Black Ass B---H!
I can see the rain coming <U+2614><U+26A1><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Are you calling me fat again?
You are going to permanently smell like a smoked jalapeno.
“: Congrats to #Brewers radio voice Bob Uecker on tomorrow's induction to the NAB Hall of Fame! ”
When I was cleaning the coffee filter for a fresh pot. A HUGE spider jumped out of it. Not gonna lie. It freaked me out.
Make that an exceptional professional. I;ve followed your career and no one does it better! AGT #1!
THE WINNER of the FREE Pretty Amy e-book to celebrate the digital release today!! is send me your email and nook or kindle :)
Official announcement: no more coding websites. GAHHH.
Thanks man! We'll be recording soon, sorry for the late reply
would love to bro!!
FASHION fades STYLE is eternal...
Thanks for the follow Howell!
Hope you get it!!!
Happy Easter to u, too, Sylvia!!
not even Chris Long?
Off of work wat now ? Homework ig.this suks
Freshly done dreads.
Before jail, he lived there
I reach for the stars although I'm a little short lol
Lol fuck school I'm never going back
makes a delicious slice of veggie pizza!
Thoughts are with Joe Philbin and his family.
one hell of an idea!
Back at work after a solid wkend of amazing, empty trails. I saw 2 other riders. Solitude is nice. Campfire sesh w , dialed!
So....did you get an iPad yet? LOL I am totally loving mine.
UMass lax is #1 in nation and undefeated but got 6 seed. Oh well I guess it's all splitting hairs in a 16-team bracket right?
OKC WE ARE COMING FOR Y'ALL !!!
oh hey still loving my fab lip gloss! :)
Even in December, "#1 Syracuse" has a nice ring to it. (Especially as "one-loss Duke" is always horrifying.)
When the heart speaks, the mind finds it indecent to object.
RT Anthony Davis of Kentucky now in team USA basketball pool.
You can make your own fun with books like that by breaking out the red pen and feeling smugly superior. ;)
So glad were on Christmas break so sleeping in tomorrow:)
is this for only people from your box? or is anyone welcome?
this looks like a virus spreading link...
Im not the same , im sorry I've changed .
Thanks for the follow
Happy Mother’s Day!
visits do far have been great. AND cheaper than Fry's. "studies" would only matter if I had exact shopping patterns of the study
One table available for this weekend. There's a lot going on downtown. Casino,tribe, cold beer and FUN FUN FUN.
Lmfao true danny, ik the lyrics to every random song(:
The Scoreboard: Tuesday, May 15
Judge sentences Barton Enoch to 18 months in prison for shooting/killing Ben Brubaker.
LMFAO ! “: I didn't even talk crap to the heat fans today, i just stared at them for like 30 seconds! lmao xD”
so far I'm glad I don't have a badge to wait for. Hehe.
And thanks! Let me know what you think.
All packed up ..Now were just waiting til the day we move into our house
I found to fine ass let me send you a request
go Whoopi
I tell them to live and be happy. No 2 dudes the same. So why set them up to fail.
He woke me! No! Bad! I'm sleepy!
Victoria, are you selling a lot of mens wingtip boots these days?
sorry i wasnt there for you when you need me. now i regret it. but then again your an asshole so it makes up for it and i dont feel so bad.
And yet again, the only part of my work I comprehend is LUNCH. One of these days that will come around and sink its fangs in my soft parts.
Neylon: access is not enough, must have ability to re-use research.
RT : I do this in person, too, but at least then I can see in your eyes when you're tired of it.
63 and #sunny? Yes please! Thank you for this made-to-order weather!
PR pros: Why are so many San Diego businesses rep'd by Chicago-area PR folks? Just wondering.
Donuts for breakfast n coffee :) best morning! Love mommy so much
hey gorgeous how you been?
"The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge a ...
Am I wrong for thinking that if you put a boy toodles in flip flops he might be destined to be gay? This little one is rocking it too well
I think I got an invite to a scion event in LA once.
In a few short days, I will have to make the extremely difficult decision: booze or cake?
HEY I WANT 2 SAY THIS 2 MY BIG SISTER HAPPY BIRTHDAY I LOVE U BE SAFE N GOD BLESS #LETSGET IT IN
number one way to my heart: LONG sweet text messages. :) <U+2764>
Today=free day so I played AssassinsCreedRevelations&I finished it in an 1hr someone call me so I can do something with my lifeD:
Had a blast at Norton 4 Day Fest! How bout you?
um YOUR Nitendo 64? Yeah right. 50/50. Don't think you can get away with that
Doesn't chocolate release endorphins, making the depression go away? I say eat away! You're not fat, and you deserve it.
Happiness? That's nothing more than good health and a poor memory. Dr. Albert Schweitzer
I hope you are all following - get on now - B4 her book comes out and she morphs into JK Rowling!
have fun
For some problems, the only solution is "Rudie Can't Fail." #whatwouldJoeStrummerdo?
is that a question!!!
she's such a stupid hoe:(
Talked today with a new young prospect 4 boarding. Gonna get him going in the right direction for a nice long career. You'll meet him soon!
NSDateFormatter and NSDataDetector are both really expensive to create. Shaved off half a second by creating once and caching.
Hope everybody is ok after the crazy storms that hit New Orleans today!!
Just had lunch...because I've been up since 4am
I like it, Ken. Matt Kalil is a stud. Thought Vikings might go for Claiborne but they needed help on O line. 12 more to go.
That's a great vid.
If u are being serenaded by a gondolier in Venice, clap but do not whistle, lest u want to end up as Katherine Hepburn did in "Summertime."
RT : A very happy birthday to all!
What websites/blogs do you use to get all your #metal news?
Are you going to be upset when austin leaves ??
Celtics playing good but not great. Need more of Delonte West and Jeff Green.
Nice! Good luck :)
hey hun...just lettin ya know bout my music...u checked it out?
I'm stoked been a #loyal since 99
amazing icon luv :)
Happy Birthday young blood!
Fact is hand guns are as ubiquitous as cell phones in this country... kids get killed by them every day...right? WRONG !!!
Someone should tell which structure is the Washington Monument! They just said the Jefferson Memorial was the Washington Monument!
RT : Great Photographers!!!
I went indoor rock climbing this weekend with my wife! Thats an awesome workout...and a lot of fun!
Automatic music or sound effects on blogs: bad idea. Y do people do this? If it doesn't scare me to death I usually leave bcuz its annoying
How many followers do you think we can get by the end of the day? 10? 50? 100? (Aiming for 100!)
I only thought took the net off the moorings...
Mavs getting out hustled on EVERY POSSESSION NOW! Turn out the lights....
good luck to you! Lol
“: I gotta get better man I gotta move on, switch from motorola to a prime co phone #oldschool #wannabeaballer” yuuuuuhhh
you better not be at taco bell lmfao bc we will drive to you
Very seriously considering going #Paleo after chatting with m bacon!!!
Program Officer Mary Downs will be in attendance @ AIA-APA in San Antonio, Jan 6-9. to arrange appt
This gamee is a bitch I put my rubeer on and fuck her
well that's EXACTLY why it seems he should be the one who's bad at it!
how does anyone look at Calipari and respect a guy who cheats to get it done?.Hard to respect the guy and laud him for accomplishments
NK launches rocket. RT BREAKING: ABC News has learned North Korea has launched its rocket.
today the sun is shining on me, sitting with my feet in the breeze ain't sweating the little things. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
.why didn't u come then.
As strong as you were, tender you go. I'm watching you breathing for the last time.
thanks SO much for the RT!
"I totally got you a big Mac some nuggets and fries..but I ate it all your Dr pepper is in the fridge though." Danielle Ferrier love you man
happy birthday, sir!
Could it be any nicer out? This weather just makes everything a little nicer.
#HowAboutWe all go to bed.
The neck's broken. The brain is useless. We must find another brain.
I like what George Lucas does. He generates hella bank, but then he builds his own non-Hollywood creative empire.
Off Twitter till the a.m.
Stupid party!!!<U+E416><U+E416>
is it bad that I only like 5 kids in my class
NZ writer scoops major US award
hey man that looks really interesting...
Can anyone make a custom slider for iphone please?
when I go to ur page it said that I not following u
#NP Rolling In The Deep - Adele
Going to be at #AFM Sunday through wednesday. Anyone want to produce the sequel? "The Aftermath of the Red, Black And Blonde"
aha , You Mad aint w. Yo ugly a* ? Aha (in Tony voice) but im finna ask ben tho .
Owen Wilson in Armageddon. Who remembers that? Not me.
Call when you're back - let's put it on our books, with kids is fine. Happy househunting?
*cough* RT I just drank a glass of water. *pats self on the back* Seriously, anyone else drink more coffee than H2O?
If this is Global Warming......I like it!
FInal grades entered. Reading books on Habermas and vibrant matter under the Christmas lights. Yep, Nerd Holidays have officially begun.
Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils
I'm Michael Jordan number today.... The only thing I want for my Birthday is this job!!!!
Drop it or fight her?
it's the media perpetuating it. They're using stats yet, superbowls place qbs in that category.
Thanks for recent retweets & listings!
SO TELL ME HOW THE BOYS "HATE" AMERICA AGAIN?!
have something I'd like to dm you tiffany - let me know when you're following back!
it's hopefully easy!
id hope its not coop, the extra "a" makes it tho(:
Nigggas say the want beef! Well where the fuck is my burger at<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0094>
"Well, nobody's home... wanna have a little sex?"
Good Morning <U+2665>
You're the best, Renee. We have some exciting new dresses to unveil in the near future and can't wait for you all to see!
what's up? Long time no talk!
Man I could go to sleep right now
Mindfullness seminar put in "the right effort" not too little and not too much! Be present. (we are on a break)
#MarieLouise is hoping for #PaulWissman bday celebration. How can he only be 32? Young people suck!
I do too. I hate closing cause it feels like my whole day is dedicated to work. I wake up, go to work, come home, sleep...
Ugh, no good after work classes for tonight. Why are all the gym classes at 5:30/6:30? I get off work at 5:30 and would love 5:45 classes!
I think it's acceptable in such instances, to close the laptop and knock the dude unconcious.
I. Love. Koala Dance Bots.
Good Morning!! :) You should have some Papaya for breakfast.
follow back
3-yr-old's latest non-sleep tactic. He comes into room holding socks: "Dad, I found these socks." Me: "were they on your feet?" Him: "Yep."
I don't even know who is pitching anymore
I walked outside this morning and it felt like I was about to pass clean out. It's super de duper hot
Thanks for the RT Jack. I agree on liking the article. Cheers!
Got to go to sixth periooddd hell period bye
Thanx n congrats to , Prasanna n Nitin Mitta 4 "Tirtha", a wondrous blend of jazz n traditional music.1st listen on Hou-Den flight
fedex guy. I just happen to be one. Win win!!!!!:-)
Multiple financial consultants (Baird; Credit Suisse) have noted that environmental rules will help the utility sector... (1/2)
Everything is going Arizona State's way right now. Sun Devils lead Wake 19-10 with 9:38 left in the first half.
On bus to Funplex with listening to 1D...:D Im pretty sure evry1 can hear me singing. lol
Boys had cooties when I was in third grade! ;)
Happy Birthday Jesus!!!!
Times Niemi has been pulled: 2. Times Quick has been pulled: 0. I see who's the better goalie.
I just filled out the registry form...I think it forced a resolution of #shutdown stalemate. Is there nothing #THATCamp can't do?
and then post what new yummy thing u tried. So I can be jealous!
$2000 2-bed UES, this is NOT a mistake!!
Sometimes I wonder who the Fuck I am
Sorry about that. I hope we will finally get out of st. Louis at one point today or tomorrow.
Actually I'm ready for Mother Nature to send a big big Hurricane to wipe some people off this planet, especially the ones I can't stand.
Taking a few hours off from #buildmadison for a very special birthday celebration. I'll be back at it later tonight!
I'm shooting for 15+ pgs today. What's your goal?
Come on! We want to see the Bears and Tebow! Christmas movie? Really?
...that's all that actually matters to me.
ok - well not everyone can read your paper print type letters. Wish you had warned people b4 we opened the link:
It's 12:35 a.m., and some guy has been sitting in the lobby now for an hour & a half, just tooling on his phone. Ok...
so true!
tweeting=thrilling!
We are baking more delicious cakes for Mothers Day! Make sure to call us & pre-order your cake as big or small as you want it to be for Mom!
Excited to play tomorrow w/ ! plays at 3:30 follow by
is still Mia
I really need to come to Sherman Oaks. Like right now.
I'm learning so much on my 1st wedding planner assignment. Like I needed to start saving before my girls were even born to pay for theirs.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
cool cool well here its. A few minutes past 6 am. Here
RT : Why are people so obsessed with Titanic? It's a fucking boat, and obviously not even a very good one.
ALTO bottom is in, lots of dojis on the chart, watching for volume...
Today let's reflect on the dream... teach our kids about the dream... and embody the dream... HAPPY Martin Luther King Day!
"Take advice, but not orders. Only give yourself orders. Abraham Lincoln once said, 'Since I will be no one's slave, I will be no one's...
I can taste graduate school ... So close yet so far. When I finish a nigga will be <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+00A7>
talk about low self-worth.
Beep like a pager :P
Wow what a slow moving day. Cannot get motivated
RT : Looking forward to hearing from at #georgia #highered funding commission
Duke wins and Wake Forest wins. Three ACC teams now in The College Cup. Still up: Stanford vs OK State. Starts at 10pm EST. No webcast! Grrr
Taking my beautiful wife to a free university orchestra concert. Great music at an unbeatable price.
just wana make her happy .
WAIT WHAT? MARSHALL CAN NOT SLEEP WITH HER, I FORBID IT
That game though. >>>
Have to say the ad agencies behind some of the current on-air campaigns are doing good work. Pretty good. Pretty funny!
MT Darnell from Indiana ROCK ON!! Just read about you. I LOVE your style don't let anyone Bully you! Be yourself you are amazing
Had a fuckin blast wit chad breezy on the way back to the apartment to change then off to the magic kingdom brah
Omg The Vampire Diaries was cray. Elena is a vampire and there is hope for her and Damon to be together
National smokers day what u smoking on?
Jamaica jamaica!
Survived another#BikramYoga class. Its getting easier! Goal for April is two Bikram classes per week.
Oh yea not prego!!! So not ready for these people to stick me
Thank you We look forward to working together again for the next great event!! :D
There seems to be a spattering of #Pacers fans in Orlando tonight.
Just Back from Event Solutions/Catersource inspired as always by the people and the education Thanks to all. Great job! ESCS10
About to see THE AVENGERS at The Grove (don't judge me; it was the closest place).
hey girl hey! nice flannel!
yeah he's chill. Lol its nasty!
RT : Two weeks left for the MiniSolos at the Touchstone Gallery in Washington DC. Stop by and see my show. Will see nxt week..
My man is jumping soon. Be safe out there babe! I love you :)
i'll check my mailboy when I am done with class!
I expect to be able to see the glow of night games at Fenway out my windows--but hearing announcements? That seems less reasonable.
“: "Don't worry that children never listen to you; worry that they are always watching you."”& imitating!
Congrats on writing for Short Pump! I read your article before I even noticed that you were the author.
OMG!!:) Finally found the 2 cute guys!!!:) and they gave me their numberss!!<3
“Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.” – Winston Churchill
Looking to cater your next meeting or event? Give a call 312.461.1005
you doin happy hour?
I just googled "depressing Swedish music." How's your day going?
sure, I'll check my FB or just DM you my # and we can get you set
Outside trying to rescue a homeless kitten. <U+E04F>
best younow ever
I just realized that I didn't buy the 2 doctors that I work with a gift for Doctors Day.
all girls freaks in someway yu gotta get in der head
From now on, we only wear animal prints and half shirts. Tube tops are also acceptable.
21st coop, come converse about #makeithappen in the lovely breeze outside. <3 the
If happy ever after did exist,i would still be holding you like this...
haha yay i wonder who would remember my birthday now
we are in private beta, so only adding companies who are helping in the beta
Lol you stop fucking with me man
Gorgeous! Love the dress! :)
I was trapped in my own house by a spider. I hate spiders.
thx for tweet love. Whatcha having for brunch ?
loll I jus got home, I thought u was sleepn
watching your boy score TDs lol
Glad you enjoyed yourself, we always love to have you in!
heard that!
companion book for the Hitchhikers Guide to the Universe?
#Shoutout to everybody who live in the projects with a satellite dish
And listen to #MakeMeSayOH and
Thank you everyone for coming to and supporting and the festival! We had a great time :-)
I really miss being best friends, now I'm just your play toy. Thanks very much
Maybe a sail boat, but in calm (Carribean?) waters... I'm kind of afraid of small boats! Q3
Star Wars!
I am not one of them! Your poll is suspect!
I dont know for sure but I think he did
drafts 2 dollars all night
go follow she is a big huge fan of yours and don't make me dm u haha love ya
My sister is so annoying -___-
“: We are ready to party! Today, the hot Miami sounds of are going to kick off #DayStarSundays!” here we go
I just wanted to that the #castandcrew of #itsawonderfullife for making this one of the best nights of my life. I love all of you guys<3
Lake Lure this weekend with the fam and I'm excited about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084>
kindred lesbians!
Summer is here! Are you enjoying your pool or is it just too much work? Take a break and let us do the work for you!
are we going to be out of the severe weather in Lapel?
I'm setting the bar high, of course. Beautiful art and moody prose are wonderful. But I want words born to be read aloud.
- Someone from our office complex stopped by & asked "Can you twitter those taco ppl and ask them to come back?"
I'm sorry you're not sick...see you whenever lol :P~
gender is only irrelevant if it matches with your biological sex, check your privilege cis scum.
How about them CATS? This team has matured so much since the Indiana game!
15 minutes to News 3 at 6. breaks through the clutter and shares the details about new job numbers in a News 3 Reality Check.
We only compared "Issues" pages of candidates' websites to avoid duplication. (Some candidates repost media coverage, f ex.)
Today BRUNCH! Remember, next SUNDAY is Mother's Day! Don't let her cook - bring her to BRUNCH!!
not sure! Should be interesting!
Game 3 in Philly lets go!!
so text me lover :)
It's a shame how people lie on Celebrities just to get 15 minutes of fame. Earn it with out the lies !!
are going to keep you up-to-date on the Rangers Spring Training. what game are you most excited about this season?
Are you Greek?
FREE Tutoring for those who qualify! Don't miss the deadline! Call 888-517-3522 or DM me for details....K-12 and we offer adult programs!
So, there's a phone behind my desk. Should I give it to the teacher, or leave it. Hm.
Virginia Kuhn () kicking off the #scms12 Teaching the Moving Target panel: "archives today act like alphabets"
Happy mothers day
Dear hair, When I flip you please get #OneDirection overwhelmed Sincerely, I would love to marry them! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
<U+2764><U+2764>Free Free Free Free Free Free Free <U+2764><U+2764>
Your right tons of Events at in Milwaukee coming up our next one is The Paranormal Cops May 20 & Open Key
Come in tonight for 50 cent wings!
Thank you Paul for rocking the mullet so handsomely.
And that is why I love Dan Uggla. #Braves :)
I'm catching up on "Ax Men" and Dustin just said "twitterpated" ha ha ha funny
Hate Puppy Mills? Don't miss #Denver ch. 7 news Wed at 10PM. Local puppy miller exposed: FINALLY!
“: Projects at the last minute <”Fuckin Up Penenejo
In Future Leaders training, which is an honor I am told. And I do believe it.
oh awesome! what did you think?
Rob Lowe in St. Elmo's Fire is why I fall head over heels for guys w dark hair and pretty eyes.
Yolandi Visser has a child named Sixteen Jones.
how's Vegas?!?
Good turn out at the square so far, it's filling up!
I love , but she is killing me with all these DP Dough photos. Like I'm dying. Dead
ok wait why not tell me here?
Which tea were you drinking? How did it pair with your LFD double ligero?
When pt gets canceled because our battalion officers, who are the last word in punctuality, don't show up! Yes!
working on a solution for this headache. Will have to make our Card sorting tool iPad compatible. I'll keep you posted :) Thx again!
“Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.” <U+2015> Albert Einstein
hi, my day went very well. The weather is great 75 degrees and sunny. I was thinking about you and hoped you were happy.
hoping to have a good day despite all this bad news
Who wants to help me get to 600 followers..?:) #HelpMe!!:)
damn 40 off the bench.....lol...you're killin
I'm heading back to BC, and when I get there, I want to see some good old-fashioned school spirit
• Looks like you mean Corona Tuesday to me!
Pittsburgh is only a few days away...can't wait.
The last 5 minutes of Forrest Gump are so damn sad. And I know it's the last 5 minutes because they have the #sagawards ticker at the bottom
I love how leaves his everything on stage. Emotional nudity. Inspires me.
You don’t get to choose how you are going to die. Or when. You can only decide how you are going to live. Now. ~ Joan Baez
y u say that
Ok...2nd self-care action of the day, turn off everything at 8 in order to sleep at 9. Night night twitterverse.
GOOD MORNING LOVE! :)
sorry for sounding like.a retard
Twitter keeps changing my location, but I looked out the window and the building hasn't gone anywhere.
Conquering the world, right? Thanks!
he really needs to get on and read this. This is ridonculous. NIAAALLLLLL. :)
#milwaukee We will be getting new treated material in for this spring!!! More details to follow soon
Of the 11 proposals, most include both golf and garden. Skate park is also popular.
RT : Perfect timing; our #ripple iPad app just got ok'ed from Apple today;
it was so funny we couldn't stop laughing
follow Cali D.
was it easy enough to follow?
"I hospitalized a rock, killed a brick...I'm so bad I make medicine sick!"
If you're a hot girl and you wear Supreme and you have a nice camera, hi.
What Washington needs is adult supervision. ~ Barack Obama
you can season beans and such, but I just toss it.
Tweetie is what I've been using & I like it as well <3 the 'nearby'
I talked to her today
OK! Not sure how this works but just drew you two some thumb-art. :) I'm momsicleblog!
Interesting. Nonprofit/donor relationship disrupts the market economy because donors fund what they don't consume.
Dreamed that I was in Chicago !
Pineapple is the perfect tropical summer flavor! RT 31 I loved your selection! The pineapple new one was great!
IM NOT RICH....IM ONLY HUMAN...SO I CAN ONLY DO SO MUCH...
Damn it. Lost my wallet.
Only got on to see id followed me but I guess thats gonna be impossible I wish he tweeted me a lot like some other girls..! :'(
Definitely Blades of Steel.
I'm not horny. But my dick is.
Fredericksburg is the same to 95 as Ballston is to 66...traffic bottleneck!
1:05 am.. ive got 6 hours to finish hasbro project, and 7 hours and 25 minutes to finish a 10 page business proposal and do spanish hw..
umm who r u ? and y r u askin me about eggs ?
A lit of conversations had about "what if we had that team we ended with for the whole season." Continuity has been a problem for our team.
I am not ignoring Twitter deliberately. My son is coming home this weekend (yes, I am excited) so I am frantically queuing posts.
RT We must ensure that his policies always prevail in Azerbaijan.
Oh wow! lol
Going to get a haircut and tan <3
Thank you for the write up!
At BD watching my brother's wresting tournament.
In the hurt locker today.
“: 50 Shades of Gray - need I say more?!?!?” Maybe pair it with a glass of wine ;)
I saw you outside of Minetta Tavern (across from my apt at the time) a couple years ago. It was an exciting moment for me ~
If Kyle Busch's car were to spontaniously combust during the next race I would not be one bit sad..
I guess that makes sense, though I still prefer trade to mass-market. The latter fall apart too easily.
RUN FOREST RUN...I was until I saw the replay. The folks in the stands obviously didn't see all of it.
Ca..Ca...California The Bitch
say hi to your neighbor for me! lol
Thanks for the RT, Dirk :)
I'll say this much: it's been an interesting week for Hil(l)ary's in Washington.
Dell simplifies the blade server
I'm open tomorrow. Going to Players on Fri.
": The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams ~ Eleanor Roosevelt" (and go after them!)
Andra, thanks for your support and retweets.
Congratulations! We are still reeling off of the Atlanta concert on Sunday. Peace & Love.
If I'm casting movie role for Rays manager Joe Maddon, I pick Jerry Crawford of Donegal Racing. Crawford a great sound bite, too.
dude. I need that picture of Harry in your icon.
"I was only gone 20 minutes, what'd you do? Shine a bat symbol on your vagina???" from tonights "2 broke girls" LMAO!!!
Agreed. Pete may even stop by his apartment from time to time.
:D haha :D No sleep, staying up late for Gayo's and sexy Korean men make Sheena a crazy girl! lol
What are you looking forward to at our next Expo in Sacramento?
Wow just KILLED IT in the Song 1 Happening at Great show!
#RememberHow easy it was to be a kid
Hmm, Twitter, I don't see how is similiar to me ( polish catholic chick from WI) but #itsallgood Mazel Tov, dude!
Will you follow me?:)
Wednesdays are great days to further your successes!!!!!!!
I can't leave em alonee.
Travis using douche bag as descriptive adjectives for Wes...lol
Good Luck Kenny. We won't be racing this weekend cause they closed another dirt track Tucson International Raceway.
what he said.
My thoughts will be in Nashville tonight, Nashville Rising is going to rock! Great benefit for Great Cause.
Chris brown aint singing.. You may have fooled Rhi Rhi but not me.. Lol
I'm willing to pitch in 5yrs of fantasy draft analysis experience to the team for 5%.
If does do a Crowd Participation Lesson, it should be MANDATORY viewing before you are allowed to purchase a #WWE ticket
hah, well looks like i need to learn how to write a LoadFunc capable of communicating a trace to frontend!
Libyians must not give up now. Too much blood has been spilled for them to give up. Gaddafi must go! And he must go now!
Catherine Ludwig '11 won a Fulbright ETA to teach in Turkey, too!
woke up with the worst hangover ever today. it was nice seeing you!
RT : . reminds #PA12 that he's never missed a vote, more than 4K votes
haha, yeah I can see that.
found it!
Didn't help us much last year...
There had better be some beer in the fridge. I didn't take tomorrow off for nothing!
congratulations!! That's sounds great!! I graduated earlier this month and going to school for law enforcement lol.
"One of the 24 similarities between girls and fish is that they're both attracted to shiny objects."
"Afraid to throw away in case of miracle"
if I saw you on the street, I'd hand over my wallet and cell phone and plea for mercy.
yo, you home?
At the close of July we @ R2K R truly happy. Thank u everyone 4 ur business!
Trying to make enemies on twitter sears? RT : Pizza lunchables were the worst of all
making food at 6 am.. LOL.
We have over 3000 followers on Twitter . Shooting for 5000! Come on Fuji fans!
Eh, this one's lost.
i wanna see your pregnant belly.
seeking more special interest support. Btw, only royalty refers to themselves in the 3rd person. HRH Linda Wagner
YEAH! exactly!! & NO. LOL. they probably recognize you!! don't worry! :)
Moves like Jagger (;
that's just nasty!
you know he cares when he wipes the mascara off your face after you've been crying and hugs you for the longest time.
Obama is an eloquent speaker and talks a good game but I am against his presidency, the shit he's done since being in office makes me mad.
Its not even my birthday but he wanna lick the icin off, I know he wana bite this its so enticin nothin else lik this ima mak him my b-tch.
Very good to know. See you soon!
glad we could help :)
ED WESTICK AND JESSICA SZOHR IS DATING AGAIN! NONONONONONONONO!!!!!!!
Lou Williams shouldn't see the court for the rest of the playoffs
Who was eliminated?
If you're out of range for 98.5fm you can listen on kfox.com for sharks hockey!
Still watching Friends.
I am pretty awesome, but you already knew that. Go Caps!
Come discuss t-shirt designs right now for the #Cannabis Freedom #March! from now until 5
i never get homework done when im in studyhall
is it true u ditced Justin Bieber 4 Cody simpson??? ( hust wandering )?????
In a way, it is. The people are very much the same if we're only able to see them.
can't talk, too busy eating
#4WordsForYou, ... Suck My Left Nut !!!
Khader Adnan has been #HungerStrikingfor65Days w/ 1000s of others in Israeli jails and prisons following his resistance.
#ThatAwakwardMoment when you send a mass txt to people who don't know each other not realizing they will respond to each other......
Why ppl break up? Then, turn around and make up? I just came to sseeeee !!!
*taps foot* no color on this blog... Waaaaaaaaaiiiiiting :)
Lovely morning!
I need it cause,I want him to come to my birthday party and it's really important that I talk to him.
"What you do today is important because you are exchanging a day of your life for it." Dang, when you put it that way...
i need to start on this biology packet -_- its due friday !
I am definitely going to be heading over this weekend! Cannot wait.
aww shucks. Does it at least taste like My Little Pony?
It's that whole greater than or less than thing you learned in grade school. Dance>>>>No Dance Get it?
WARNING: Shopping Inspires Beneficence, Bounteousness & Benevolence. Shop Until You Give All You Got
Deborah Ann Woll - probably the most beautiful creature god has ever made! simply amazing!
I Love You Too Sister I Miss You As Well <3
WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE WIGGLE.
I can see that one clearly...good stuff.
If all you want is forgiveness, ask God. If you want healing, confess your sin to a trusted person. James 5:16
Reading "Ex-Liberian" as "Ex-Libertarian" is probably not the way to understand a headline. And shows you're not thinking internationally
man, Lebron is a dog but he's jst a baby
Thanks-- will do!
Seem to be a lot of people sleeping in today...
For two days, you tell me you are going to help me locate the #insurance docs I need. Today, you tell me to call the 800 number.
Thunder are looking strong, Blazers need this game tonight
sure... Whatever you say (: haha I know you're not
Ultimate goal of #NSTIC governance: manage trust within the identity ecosystem
no way! I thought we go phonebooks banned ;-(
are you saying that supports , or is merely defending support for her?
you think?? I don't think so ms. Not even close.
Music Events You dont want to miss, Follow
I have Google+ invites. Ping me if you want one.
I miss you too girl!!
Tim Duncan may be old but U can't ever sleep on him
so proud of u! Wish u were Matt Kenseth fan like me. But great that u r #Cubs fan. Northsiders should be fun this year.
I greatly enjoy knocking out zombies by opening my door as I drive by! Makes me proud of my name
Hope you have a great day today, daddio! Thinking of you - let us know how it goes!
"Think before you twit" -Sol Gittleman
Hakuna Matata - It means no worries.
happy humbug day
What hurts most is we have reality tv stars fighting over names being called and hesay/shesay shyt. While THIS type of stuff is going down.
Browns Win at Home! Please Re-Tweet for a chance to win a FREE #Browns book "On Being Brown." Winner to be announced at 3:30pm.
yeah im italian and my dads a head chief its in the blood
Reached a milestone today: 400 Twitter followers. A few will leave before nightfall & I will be humiliated.
See WWW.Pokatok.com
Most of the 50% who pay no fed taxes have such a low income that it cannot be taxed. They are not deadbeats Libertarian POS
it's ok my family does that too so i locked my door once cuz i was changing they yelled at me -.-
I'm bringing it all day
According to Metro naturalist James Davis - and those song sparrows, Bewick's wrens and house finches you are hearing - spring has sprung!
It's National Mentoring Month! Ask how you can help impact youth in your community!
:$ Can I just smother you with lovins yet?
The real question is, where is ?! Why hasn't she been over yet?! What is this nonsense?
thank you for hooking up with us. We rocking
Hi Twitter World Happy Monday!
Had another great turnout for our Tuesday night $3.00 Standard tournament! Don't miss out next week!
Find a good tree and take a nap
potato pancakes?? We have never heard of them! What's the difference? Are they healthier or something?
I never liked those commercials. When would that really happen anyway?
Happy Birthdayy to hope you have fun! Have a ICONic birthday! Love you(:
LOL - Let us know what you think!
If you get an e-mail from me about ShoppyBag, DELETE IT!! Sorry...
we like your style, carl!
try sleep time.
Lone Star Beer has joined the hi-tech world! Check out the live Twitter and FB feeds on our brand new website! www.lonestarbeer.com
maann i got 55(FIFTY FIVE) FOLLOWERS....
Estimated 20MM people use Foursquare via
...about to get raped by the TAX MAN!!!
": A11: Yes, measuring is key to success... #getrealchat" Measuring is not the same as understanding. :)
What is your favorite attitude adjustment music? RT a change of attitude can change EVERYTHING!
Vin doesn't have my chiseled good looks.
Style Network host coming to Town Center
Need a new show to watch on #Netflix or #Hulu... Suggestions?
Farmers feel pinch adapting to policy changes - swissinfo.ch
That jungle jim we went on last night, my lungs weere killin me
CEO is sold on social media. He just sent an email saying we need to use Facebook more. I have waited for this for 2 years!
I could really use $355 Million.
Isabel says I smell really good so she has her nose on my arm just smelling me lol cx
Chipper thinks he is a gimp. Yuck!
I didn't know you had a book with Arcadia! Congrats!
with top 5 pick, batum and next year lottery pick? LA is 26 and don't wanna be bosh and the raptors and never getting better
Whew! Made it through the #train Epi of #Grey's. Wine, Grey's and peppermint mocha ice cream. Life is so good
#4wordsbeforesex that's the right hole?
Some of our favorite people
Im only gonna be on this bus 3 more times!:D
welcome to America.
Somehow you have trained our TV to already have the game on as soon as it's turned on! #soccervoodoo #pumpkinpancakes :)
So what are my tv options if i don't want to watch an infomercial at 2am ?
I feel like I already lost weight, and the season hasn't even started.
How many times do I have to freaking tell you?! I wasn't ignoring you! My damn life doesn't revolve around you.
haha, im from new orleans. How about you?
Maybe they are handicap? Maybe? Hopefully. Pretty car, though.
never say future self and 3rd grade in the same sentence again! Ah! I gotta get the fuck outta here. Bye.
A1: At GW it was volunteer..still is and grunt work for sure. I always tried to give bigger picture
Yezzir. Back in the game
<U+2665><U+2665> We all love being loved.Love all <U+2665><U+2665>
BED FINALLY...GOODNIGHT!!!!
hahaha, thanks for believing in me. ;)
ok coo what u been up to?
Help rookies survive Little 500 with your #WordsFromSeasonedHoosiers (score free breadsticks with a RT)
Oh, I'm there. Been getting in shape for a while. Round is a shape you know.
MT Mourdock got 1 congratulatory call from a GOP U.S. senator. We'll see in a few hrs if it was premature
Taylor Swift will be in the rainy city in four days !
Okay. Someone please explain to me how F. Valli's "Grease" contributes to the overall narrative of the show.
Today is FRIDAY! And we have tours at 2pm, 4pm and 6pm for all your happy hour needs! Tours are FREE!
You make me the happiest Lady in the world. Despite our past, I love our relationship and the way you treat me. You're the most beautiful
"A person with a reason will always find a way."
you go!! adele
And full scholarships-amazing!!!
I hate being ignored .
He smiles and then looks away. And you wonder just maybe that smile meant something he couldnt say.
Looking for comics for June 22 at Governors Comedy Club. Hit me up for details if interested #Comedy #open mic
so happy you are back and thanks for the great blog post. where are you sitting?
Agree with you about Cappy; always thought he was a gamer. What don't you like about T. Gwynn Jr., though?
honestly,I've never seen anyone fall because of a banana :$
=)) cant wait till june...
Oh em gee Becky! THE NEVER ENDING STORY! xD
#IfIHadAGun I would steal some crack cocaine
We are going to call you Saturday out of the Blue. How's that sound?
Lmao that's petty Idc....I need to upgrade huh lol
ok I won't say shit about the lakers...the nuggets is out there kicking ass
I had a goodnight chillin with brad and tyler, and catching dinner with kyle and his mom, but now it's 4am and I can't sleep! damn fire ...
just me!
Two shows this week! 1/26 and 1/28 Who can party harder Lafayette or Baton Rouge?
Oh we've heard of the #LaJolla Half. Good luck on your run! :)
Finna Charge My Phone N See What's Goodie Cuz I'm In East Lib Right Now.
How was your weekend? Did you do anything active??
Thanks for the RT. How are you? I hope everything is going well. Things are great here; well, except for the rain :-)
#Imagine You: if your mother and I were drowning . Who would you save?. Austin : i'll save my mother and i'll die with you <U+2665>
Good job to get out of that without more damage, at least. Down just 1 with 3 innings to go..got a chance
Oh em gee. I just misspelled my own last name in an email. Thank you Gmail for the "undo send" option.
Looking for an inexpensive #promo? Check out the imprinted #Javalina pens SPECIAL at 500 only $0.39 each.
Do you find homes in Cumbria? Will need 4-bed rental first and then will buy in 2 years.
Hahahaha love it!
just saw a guy in Fulton watching stocks on his laptop..... while at the urinal....
Very true. It does create a great spirit on campus. : )
For all that you coulda bought some 993's & nobody would go on you ctfu.
Just a typical day animating flannel patterns. (Flannimation…?)
3 days = countdown to the arrival of my new camera. Ever been without the resources to pursue your passion? It challenges your
When will congress recognize that women vote more than men & that they should support our freedom to choose?
haaiiii c: follow me ?
Currently sitting in on a GREAT Soulful Symphony rehearsal...they're playing Thriller!!!!
RT Don't get service from #clear #clearwire, their service is AWFUL!!! Always down, slow, and HORRIBLE Customer Service!
I see you fam! Hope all is well bro
Qued up Patty Griffin, her tunes are perfectly satisfying my music hunger right now. Sing it Patty!
I'm going to retweet some of my favorite mentions over the last 2 days. Sorry I could not respond to all. I had over 100 mentions!
well yeah especially the ipad! Ill need a new laptop for school in the fall so Ill hopefully get the macbook air this summer! :)
Who has thoughts or questions about robot soccer? Do you think the bots will be able to take on the real World Cup winners by 2050?
Just visited the dept to print 3 more chps for revising. Anticipating an interesting return in the Fall. very interesting....
so what else is new with Hollywood couples?
my chin is ticklish
Safety first! As you where. Just be careful with the camera/video features, please!
You know, Ani DiFranco, the Goo Goo Dolls, & Rick James are from Buffalo.
alright what's up
render failure. CRAP
Connecticut men, women to play in Jimmy V Classic
I'm single.
Upcoming #DCDrinkUp's! March 23rd in Crystal City. And on April 6th a #DCDrinkUp at Rocket Bar in Chinatown! More details soon!
If people would worry about being #successful more than worrying about who Un-followed them...they would be Un-Broke!
is anyone on?
RT : Your church is where the "found" can be fed. But your workplace is where the "lost" can be found.
I'm beyond proper when it comes to working but w/ ya'll i can get ghetto
Crazy. JC Penny's sales were basically total scams before they changed their pricing.
Just got cool Snapseed for iPad by Nik Software, Inc. Photo apps for Ipad are getting more usable for pros and creative amateurs.
sometimes there together sometimes there not
your awesomee. please follow me back!!!!!!!! ily :) <3 also your songs are inspirational, im a singer myself :D
For reasons unexplained, I just typed "glitter" instead of "twitter." Please, no vampires today.
which model? #sojealous have fun in the sun!
Maybe they need to tweak so three younger DPs count as 2 old DPs
Heading to to deliver a speech on policing & public safety, including rebuilding police-community relations in NYC
what are you guys seeing?
Please RT! Remember to mail your ballots by March 25 & make your vote(s) count! #OneUnion =
Going out with my girl (:
I would LOVE to make a video for you guys! I wear T-shirts & make videos for a living. Anyone in marketing I can talk to?
I'm so confused on that last tweet from you and the one I sent was about the awk at lunch
This weeks been horrible
Very interesting idea.
It's cold...I don't like it...and this is nothing compared to what I grew up with in MN
burnished goldtone. 17" necklace with 3" extender and 1"L pierced earrings.
Guess MPD had no choice. Large crowd @ 35 & Silver Spring. Sheriff & Several MPD on scene.
My mother is drunk texting me telling me how fun being drunk is. She had one margarita.
Some Girls Are Ugly With Piercing !
ok, u r 1 of the 6. ;) personally I like the others' photo tweets.
Thanks Donelle for the continued support! Bring all your friends on Friday night, it's going to be a PARTAYYY
Right back at ya, my friend. =D
id believe that if I didnt lock my keys in my truck atleast 6 times a yr..although this was only the 2nd time it was running lol
looking for a job? Check out for listings!
Fall is nearly here...plenty of time to make a film about DC! www.ourcityfilmfestival.com
I definitely remember seeing your little Arab face saying "shot" "shot" "shot" every 60 seconds
I just gained so much respect for Mark Sanchez saying he will take a pay cut to help the team 100% respect right there
yea it's rough out here in these streets
Cuz i can love you more than this. Ive never had the words to say but now im asking you to stay a littke ehile in my arms~
Probably. But ck the archive. It might be there.
Don't miss the Italian Festival this weekend in Richmond, VA. Eat great food, learn that not all Italians are in the mob. Forgetaboutit.
Thanks to you too. On Medicare: it's one of our country's most important, defining achievements, &I think most Americans know that
Hey Noel i miss you
Its only Wednesday
Do you feel extra lucky on this extra day? Happy Leap Year!
<U+2714> Food <U+2714> Bed <U+2714> Music <U+2714> Twitter <U+2714> Cellphone = Perfect day
gaaaah, that's the only class i'm failing! ): but yeah, he's doing WAY to much. that "project" he made us do was a joke.
Armin you make dreams come true
I should have mentioned I thought your gas joke was funny.
James how you feeling?!?!
So, uh, New Richmond, Indiana thinks I'm pretty?
First time I have turned on computer or phone turning them off back to relaxing spring day. Sweet
One of those people out there with protected tweets is your therapist passing your problems off as jokes.
ya! so stoked!!!
I have so much cleaning to do its ridonkulous...Cinderelly Cinderelly night n day it's Cinderelly..... :)))
Big fire by Rimrock and John Nolen...
Thanks for the RT, Colleen.
hii im Maddie nd i was wondering if you can follow me :)
same...do u prefer winter or summer?
Looking forward to the new rivalry between my and the And of course to pick up a game when I am in Orlando.
low on chicken good on everything else looking forward to seeing you sir!
sure thing, just need some digits. :-)
Thanks for the retweet!
I am tired, yet grand at the same time. Oh and thirsty.
Did I just hear fireworks in Hollywood or am I going nuts? Oh people.
I hate waiting for a urinal to open up. Guys standing next to each other smh
I am wasted over long distances, we dwarves are sprinters. Quite deadly at short distances...
"I didn't ask for this" haha good line Rick.
#WhenAGuy Walks You To Your Classes <3
yeah but whatever. I'm not gonna let stuff get to me you know.
OH: Bark twice if you're in Milwaukee.
is y'all speaker boring
they really should embrace it. Like the way vendors in Baltimore sell Yankees stuff when they visit.
Switched to Tweetbot
No, a little further away;)
; when i say you make me wanna throw up, i'm not exaggerating. you legitimately make me wanna barf.
THIS Saturday we're all about the ladies! Swapping womens, maternity and kids clothing, access and shoes. Come with old and leave with new!
“For the strength of the Pack is the Wolf, and the strength of the Wolf is the Pack” Be a part of our wolf pack at our Fashion show Feb....
Fashion's Night Out is Thursday. Gallery Walk is Saturday. It's a #DesignDistrict week!
Every difficult task is a chance to learn about my own power.
“: If your...building has not been contacted by Secret Service by first week of May, most likely won't be affected.”
Afternoon flights to D.C. are getting cancelled. Looks like we're going to be the last flight today, though we're leaving a bit late.
; you only live once that's the motto nigga yolo.
online is shitty pull up with some money scrub
omg you are so cute!!!
Last chance for Paczki! (You don't want to have to wait a whole year to try one!)
:The MAX life :)
if I wielded that much power, your wish would be granted.
I'm sorry I'll be missing you all at Faculty Academy. I'll try to tune in to the talks that are going on after 9 a.m. PST!
Tha aftershock. New life, New attitude, New style, New Me!
“: I have an obsession with amazon” story of my life.
haters hate, nothing you can do. Just remember who's the better person, and after his tweets you'll find your real fans.
What was that chapter about?
yes, but he's young and he didn't have that veteran playoff experience. MoJo is special, great stick skills and skating
Z O U
Live email critiques by peers on 11/11 for #UWEBC members. Send screenshots in advance for review!
It has made for the longest Jambaroo ever, but he is fantastic. Miss him at Deadspin.
Nice seeing you at the conference last week. Random question: when do you use broad match modifier for keywords?
Big Announcement THIS Week..........Get Ready for this......WoW is all we can Say...............Specyphi What you Believe....
In this way, the show can relay the impact of disabilities on people in every situation.
is excited about several new job prospects. fingers-crossed!
good thing i learned how to write Zayn lol<3
really?! That's good! Can I know what is it?!
"Gone With The Wind?"
I sweat details—even the difference 1/32" makes—because print books are the original retina displays
#golf weekend
only one way to find out!!
What is stopping youv
Im next, if you cant see that then i have other choice but to assume that your blind.
Are you feeling sluggish on this Monday? Come in for a massage! $10 off for new customers! www.massagedc.com Open til 8pm
Thnx for the follow. How in the world do you stand Saddle Bags Jan?
Iam at the Verzion Center for my Nickelback, Bush, Seether, and Darkest Days concerts.
fine I suppose...lol goodnight! Sweet dreams! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
u better get the females over then lol
Anyone have an old turntable or other gear you'd like to donate to ?
Get your ass to &Grill tonight! Download and get 1/2 price appetizers and $1.00 drinks! See you there!
Today is Herbie Hancock's birthday! amazingly his music is in Nile's upcoming bellydance performance. Tune in
Who drinks beers at their kids' soccer games?? Must be an Illinois thing.
three days later, I check Twitter. Lol. Thanks for latimes article!
Gets to see my boyfriend today!
Sweetness! When will it be released do you think?
I got this ice box where my heart used to be.
Got the Voices in the Clouds posters today. They are so cool.
round 2 of
What do you snack on as a vegetarian? Besides fruit...or nuts...
I love and <3333
yes we are offering the IELTS prep for ESL students.
getting pumped for Huskies vs. ASU tonight at Wing Central tonight!
Wanted: usage of HD camcorder for a table reading @ IO West on Sunday. 90 min of footage. Payment: Eternal love and gratitude... ;)
what Yu up too?
Thank you for helping our kids heal by retweeting. They are hurting and it helps knowing others care
please reply I know you have met keone young my dad is friends with him :) and can't wait for that episode btw :)))
hey whats up
your welcome yes i do! Keep an eye on him, he is very talented. He will surprise you, get ready!!!
You know you're tired when they ask for your order at Starbucks and you give your name....
Good, thanks! Did you see the Davy Jones tribute info?
Jawdropping dumbfounding no-effing-way of the day: Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch dead at 47. I'm tellin' y'all it's SABOTAGE!
I love lamp long time.
new jerseys are awesome! cant wait to get my hands on a alternate "wolf grey" uni. #goseahawks!
i had feddachinni alfredo last night and i thought of when we went to Rewinds... do you remember that?!?!?!?!?!
negativo...wasn't included on that memo. Text me new one
Coming soon to an internet near you. "Blind Slavery: What You Don't Know Will Keep You in Chains". Your host: ME!!!!!
Today at the dance; it started off horrible. Crying, Tears, everything was wrong, then I think it ending up being the best day of my life (:
good stuff you still in it boss nevercountmeout. My motto!
you really are in love with her <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I wouldn't be walking back. I'd probably see a movie and have tony pick me up. It is too hot for that shit lol
Fed her the mushroom!! Lol
Loving “funny or die?” tune into our show to hear how to rise to the top with a comedy web-series!
It's freaking on this Thursday! Swagger and science! Glad you're bringing the nerdy hotness!
At least he's a job creator for one sector.
My uncle is at L&L's! :D I love seeing my island family!
our magazine spent 2 years living and working with the homelesson skidrow and we've worked with the homeless all over
ShoutOut To Go Follow Her She Gives ShoutOuts Nd Mentions So Go Follow Her If zyu Want To Increase Your Followers P.s Me Back
haha yes! I sent u a couple DM's .. Use it! :) lol
RT : Super excited to see all of the #libraryschool graduation tweets! Congratulations to all of the #newlibrarians!!!
y doesnt time warner cable have it yet
Happy birthday !!!
I just had way too much fun piercing the bag of green beans with a fork...
is teaching woody and frank how to use twitter...
How did I end up on the wrong side of a love song
big bobo bitches
In their attempt to sabatage Pres#Obama the #GOP has shown their true colors: anti-Constitutional; dictatorial ambitions; and inner racism
when is #MNSHRM this year? And locale?
GO BIG! People have no idea what good art is. Smack them in the face with awesomeness!
...which raises the question: Are Spiderman's webs edible?
Road trip to NYC in a Lotus? Challenge accepted. Farewell DC!
I need a new passport
IF YOUR BIRTHDAY IS TODAY OR THIS WEEKEND THEN HAPPY BIRTHDAY
The country is going crazy this year. Don't you think? I guess everything changes.
god, but im about to get off actually.. haha. :p
hahaha well yeah, you ARE 5 hours ahead of me. So that would make sense. :D
That food I just made >>>>
Of all time George Karl???? Fuck outta here
A word for Wednesday: fisselig. It's German, meaning: flustered to the point of incompetence. It's most often used in reference to a n...
if the lights would've went out when he went to leave, I would've been gone! Lol
Share With Friends: | | Hobbies - Arts And Crafts - Sewing News , News Feeds and News via Feedzilla.
#payday is sweet get out and rep that
: wait…what? (*laughs*)
pearls dear, always pearls.
About to see "The Help"!!! Yayy :)
Also, I know it's tradition to sign off with "God bless" whatever, but it doesn't mean I have to like it.
New project: get to 1,000 followers before
...but only after they've started thinking independently first and generated their own ideas.
True Story: You tweeting this caused me to download the Michal Jackson Number 1's cd on itunes and have a dance party
“: Lmao I'm bouta take u out my nigga mighty mouse!! Lol” aight papa bear
txt me
Stephen Foster, who wrote "My Old Kentucky Home," was born in and lived in...Pittsburgh.
Thanks for the RT! See you tomorrow night at the launch event!
I think I need to stop buying fabric for a while. or give some away. or make things. or all three. I have SO much fabric! love it though :)
Great success at the Miami Expo South show ! We received applications for several malls in the South Florida area. Own your franchise !
We like ethnographers and all other qualitative sociologists... Best of luck to you. <3
busy day at !
I am the meanest genius with the biggest bee-nest. ;)
yes. Refs can add to bad basketball equation and often do. STILL shouldn't have passed.
I'm as horny as a squid on a Tuesday.
*dabs a wetone on my face* I think we should hunt him down, drag him out here by his hair.
congrats on your new threads courtesy of imo you should get it sized up a bit so i can borrow it :p
New video Monday! Who's so excited?
complaining or fighting? That is your opinion rather than what we are actually doing.
Finished organizing suitcase. :(
Ideology, Political Theory and Political Philosophy
im your biggest fan i love you so much, your soo hot, and gorgeous and id do anything for you to follow me<3
and Thanks for the MT!
Love Orl #Magic but gotta show love to my neighbor #DocRivers and #Celtics. Have a special spot for short and to the point
RT : Social Game Makers Place Their Bets: Producers of console games are considering poker and other forms of gamblin......
im so addicted to your style and humor, im having trouble cheating on you with other authors.
What's your favorite song to sing at karaoke? We like any that hide our horrible singing abilities
In Obamaland, patriotism is so rife that even Martha Washington is now considered hotter than previously thought
kitties do seem like a cure-all. :)
Having a great time making new connections at the #NABshow, If we haven't met yet let's meet up! #networking #mobile #apps #Vegas!
I gotta loop into this convo. oh wait, i just did.
Day 3 #paleo- “The person who really wants to do something finds a way; the other person finds an excuse.” ~Author Unknown
you looked cute :)
yes indeed! Love to u!
This gig is gonna be fun. Funk funk funk.
Warriors need to fire Mark Jackson. Why does Nate have the ball for the final possession? Bad coaching all season.
To all the excellent people we met during the rally last week. It was an amazing time! Happy to be home with the fam!
media and good fundamentals driving markets higher. this isn't the first go'round of this type. trimmed & fine tuned holdings. $STUDY
dude. I am sorry for you
My sister and think i was a hooker in my part life
realtor ninjas are awesome but kinda sneaky!
It's the aroma of fresh shrubbery.
Has Obama been on yet?
Jason Treutelaar expects to return to sidelines at Racine Holick next year. Has a very talented young team to work with.
We added the members under our info, check it out.
Was it tonight? I'm sorry. I love almond butter.
my goal is to lose 15 lbs and I already lost 5 in 3 days. That's a bit ridiculous. Water weight.
The Heat just converted the fastest break I've ever seen
this place SUCKS WITH OUT YOU MY FRIEND !! LOL
Earth Day Style: What are your favorite eco-conscious beauty and fashion brands?
do what
MT : Hillary Clinton, 1st Lady, Senator, Sec of State, pres. candidate who put 18 million cracks in the glass ceiling, b. 1947.
Focused on "us" today....
We look forward for #MassEffect3 this week !
Totally told the bouncer last night not to let the dude wearing the same shirt as me in. Oops.
I could see how that scene could be played while keeping with your interpretation of Stannis.
Had to blow away another jerk. Aren't there any nice guys left out there?
Having a celebratory beer with the band after our appearance on Heartland TV!
Today's BTU inspiration: "When you are grateful, fear disappears and abundance appears." ~Tony Robbins
BIG thank you for the shout. How are you?
of course, don't we need to pass it before we find out what's in it? Please stay home in November sir.
I used to live in Mobile and they have their own style of beignets. I miss both kinds. Lucky you!
"We know a place where no planes go - We know a place where no ships go." ::arcade fire::no cars go::
Sharon Sharon Sharon Sharon!
I've never had mochi! I've always wanted to, but I'm not quite sure what it is!
"i love college cuz i go to oneonta state"
xD That's why Lady GaGa > Britney Spears ever was.
Ha ha ha im watchin tosh.o
You guys are not so bad either. Let's all keep it coming, while I go off and butter my bread.
can't stop listening to NEW ALBUM
Check yo email... Sorry about that, man!
I'll go at night outside, I just go in the tire ruts as much as possible. helps to live in an area w/o much traffic
But other people had already theorycrafted it for me. I can't keep up w/ independently wealthy children.
Getting my laptop fixed at Tekserve, then Best Buy, then football & beer and more football & beer. I might as well be a dude w/ a beer gut.
RT- if you ever wanted a tree house
I'm dying.xD
REALLY tough call on what's tighter...a banjo string or my hamstring!
REI has camping gear, also check military surplus stores around town
thank you Carol, you are so special for always sharing these with others!
#newspaces4learning So, really thinking planning out 21st century lesson designs would be interesting.
" I'm not here to please anyone... I'm here to be a nice person and true to myself."
Another day in paradise.
I guess if I can't be a good example, I'll just have to be a horrible warning.
On the way back from a long day of baseball bad day
boosie got off.
Happy to hear is staying Orlando. A win for the "small market" teams in the NBA.
Jay I'll get up on your lap and work it ;p
tonight too I think. All 3 sold out!
- Have you considered tutoring with Reading Partners? We'd love to have a professional book lover in our ranks!
lmao and that was just a random saying from eminem
": Haircut time! (:" I demand a picture afterwards!!
is appearing live on Fred Dicker's radio show...
A sun-powered robotic explorer named Juno is rocketing toward Jupiter on a fresh quest to discover the secret recipe for making planets.
This has an extra bonus of fluffing my hair up so I look extra good when I leave the bathroom
Final 4!! UK vs UL!!!! What more could u ask for
I think we have to get out of the habit of labeling intentional efforts to deceive as "stupid" They know better.": Saying Reagan is
They got in over their heads and they're going to pay the price later tonight.
Remember all those times I swore I needed you? Well, consider them lies. Here I am without you & .. I survived.
Motley Crue kicks ass!!!
Oh wait! $6 burger and fries AND $1 dogs till 11 pm.
Broncos' CB and former Saints player, Tracey Porter, wasn't listed in today's suspensions. Great news for both Porter and Denver.
I've caved and given into Twitter for the sake of Juliet. Please follow me and help me promote the book! Merci a tous!
My mom just called me hot and foxy in the same sentence. I really don't know how I feel about that.
When you're sitting here alone with a dr pepper & goldfish. THANKS FOR THE LUNCH DAD.
Still makes me laugh EVERY time. #Harlot RT Another successful #TrampClass !!
Who the fuck are all of these crazy pink haired people, and what are they doing at the convention center?
it can take me an hour to put on my socks
I think I'm going to just stick with being friends w/ you for right now, I mean your leaving&i know the feelings aren't mutual between us.
I am a part of all that I have met. ~ Alfred Lord Tennyson
AFTERMATH OF SEXUAL ASSAULT AND BIOLOGIC CONSEQUENCES OF RAPE - ...
I think applebees is bringing my food from another location.
Happy Mothers Day 2 My Mom Love u & Love 2 All Mothers 2 Day Enjoy Party Well 2 Day
the Fab-5 the first team I followed in C-BBall and Webber was my favorite player. Those teams were fun to watch
Lorre will be known for killing the sitcom yours was the only one worth watching and it was YOURS- F him
what you did is fluuuucked
One of my pet topics as nothing burns talented people out faster. I think thoughtful, thorough performance review are key.
sunflower seeds...
Remember the song, "Sur le Pont D'Avignon"? Discover the history and style of d'Avignon in southern France...and #lighting to match!
Get it!!! Sooner you're done, sooner we move :) ha. When's last day of class?
that would have helped yesterday! HaHa!
This stank has got to stop!
I am a warrior
#wine and #animalcrackers thanks
So, new UK Bribery Act comes into force today. Wonder if that will see change to travel journo junkets to sport events, etc, etc?
And you feel your head is going to fall off from nodding in agreement with her? A new form of headbanging.
lmfao we suck at using # tags and I heard something! .. in my room.. at like 1 . And I have to tell you what happened to me(;
My dreams are 730!!
This car next month tho>>>>>>
I feel like doing live monitoring of customer support tweets is dangerous during a projected session.
So #LIRR why do u suck? A/C is broken? Im SWEATING!
I don't want to disappoint you :(
Kimps is gonna have a career high weekend in rebounds, i can see it now
hey, i just met you. this is crazy.. but here's my number so call me baby.(;
so sad. Yet so true. Happy unbirthday!!!
I thought he looked familiar!
going great! Progress! How about you???
Hope you get to feeling better.... Well I had a beer afternoon yesterday with the neighbors... Drunk by 4 PM!
Enough said. But like you said on another note Good Mawnin'
Where was this humor in the classroom? Happy New Year!
you didn't bring a flask?
man I got fam there so imma have fun
Excited tonight!
Giants sporting the 'Gigantes' unis today. Wish they also only charged me 9.75 pesos for a beer.
I'm reading Drift by R. Maddow & feel it is changing my life. I'm listening to Mr g by Alan Lightman. Not life changing
awesome! Had a mini meeting the other day to discuss the exact date. So excited! I know your input is going to be great!
Mr. McNish, just wanted to say that I'm fast becoming a huge fan of yours! Good luck this year at Le Mans and Sebring!
My body is just a little working part on planet earth! I am one with mother nature
Still have an hour to kill. I do feel better after going to church.
I don't know lots of things. One thing I didn't was that Heavenly Hash is another name for Rocky Road. found that out today. It was delish.
Whatever happened to originality?
That Moment when your both trying not to be the 1st to speak!!!!!
The hell?! The DVR recorded weird crap into other stuff. Some guy jumped into and episode of The Mentalist shouting "Angel Dust!"
If lackey can hold it together BOS under 8 is solid... Also I like WNBA CHI Sky +5.5
It's so hot out, make it stop.
is that what Schotty runs?
Action is the foundational key to all success.
if you ever get a chance to see them live, DO IT! I liked them before; I love them now.
Hey , I have ~320MB of data left to use today on my new iPad. How do you suggest I blow it? :)
remember he called the pick vs. N.O a successful season, this is from the legend that he is in his own mind....
All these kids from my high school are getting twitter and it's soo annoying. might as well delete my personal and come on this one ONLY
This girls has enough hair on her back to be mistaken for a gorilla
VIP treatment for da bestie ;) Yup as I proved yesterday!!!
#iloveyousoincrediblymuch. there's just not enough words to describe how much i love you!!! :D
yes ill get info from u tomorrow
It's #Brewer ticket giveaway day! Buying a drink or soda today gets you an entry to win a pair of tix to this Saturday's game!
Best Buy profits drops
Grading student presentations from my public speaking class. A few tips on speaking:Start strong, define your purpose, establish credibility
Congratulations to #AtlantaOperaChorus member MEGAN MASHBURN #winner of the Georgia District Met Auditions!!!
Let's play Simon says! May 24 Section 102 seats 13 and 14
I am honored chriss !!!!
Heard this today: "Vote for me, I know nothing and hate the same things you do!"
Yeah, I saw it. Thank you honey :)
Woman works for Red Cross and was still griping about all the free handouts ALL black people demand!
hi How are you? I'm from los angeles, ca. You?
Gaaaaahh.....really? Out of al thr people I could like....I'm falling for you?! Didn't expect that one...
Happy New Year & Happy Training! RT Happy New Year!
Only honesty can break down the wall of resistance to personal change. Don't keep patching the wall with self-deception.
absolute vodka & jst put the skittles same color in them & let them dissolve in there & the color changes & it should taste
I really think I use my son as an excuse for my addiction to Disney movies!! =p
LOVE rainy day naps
Why is News 12 Interviewing my neighbor?
Just like snow, my black pepper pinot noir couscous experiment is AWESOME
So ready for the weekend!
it doesn't start till the week of the 14th bruh. But should I still go for a Wednesday in general?
The Bernandez Era is underway! King Larry!
nice to see a fellow video chick will be in attendance!
be mad all you want, im being happy.
what did you think of Splash Media?
Haha RT : I don't think ol' boy in Tulsa will call me back. He must be a Ok State fan
Can't say _________ would be mad
RT : This humidity better cure my chapped lips
Np. ey I just woke up. Went to bed at 3..was so boring last nite. Your dp makes me wanna sleep again
A History of Graphic Design: Modern Newspaper &amp; Magazine Layouts
Justin Schultz earns First-Team All-WCHA, Defenseman of the Year honors. Mark Zengerle picks up Third-Team All-WCHA honors as well
Damn. I can't seem to run a script in #TextMate using Shift + Command + R. What broke it?
You should just watch YouNow and probably you'll be better k hun (:
Gonna spend my day watching Zombie movies.. <3
this was funny
I've really fallen out of the loop since downgrading to a 3GS. This camera just doesn't cut it. :[
Headed to Escambia river to do some bass fishing!!!!
Sure You Follow &
Just finished a major writing project. Took one night off to watch TV, eat my own cooked food, drink Pinot noir.
Moscato and grapes
Why use the phrase for shits and giggles? Who the fuck shits then giggles?
Have you ever done any video tutorials on making comics in Illustrator?
nice conversation. I need to get some sleep tweet ya later!
RvP is incredible... That goal might provide crucial for 's quest to finish in the top four. Best striker in the world?
Mine: "monies" RT My favorite words in any city budget document: "other funds"
Morning:) I would be at school right now sleepy.-___-
how often is there a significant change?
football game tonight :D <3
FATHER GOD I BEEN BETRAYED!! TURNED ON... FEEL LIKE THEY BEAT ME LIKE A SLAVE! MIND GONE..
“Courage is the discovery that you may not win, and trying when you know you can lose.”
Fall asleep on me, I dare yah.
would you be interested in running the race as a photographer?
That's a silly mistake. Always assume no Internet.
Got an idea for us? Send it over. We love hearing feedback. [Thank you, for sharing thoughts on how we can improve.]
Happy #CincoDeMayo! Margaritas are on my mind.
#IfIWonTheLottoIWould also build a house on said property and fill it with women. and animals. bitches love animals.
Punch a table at work. Table lost! X)
will Portuguese do?
Happy birthday to 's mom. Oh, and to me too
Calling my baby Leah in a bit.
still working on our site....WOOF!
Legendary send off from a legendary group of people. Thanks!
Flashbacks. Panic attack. Can't breathe.
"You have amazing BJ lips!" -- lol LORD people are crude and forward!!! Let's clarify that he was NOT speaking from experience! Lololol
yea I guess so what was ur favorite part about tonight?
The NeoCons wanted to OWN the middle-east. Obama has pushed for Democracies. That's the REAL difference.
Bhahaha tell me I was calling this guy who I went to high school with by the wrong name all night. I still can't remember it
didn't you write on your twitter not even a day ago that you were helping your friends make a mv??
thank you boo
Good job making Arlington more comfortable #Royals ! Collins installs air conditioning and the team sweeps the floor!
How Facebook and Twitter Help Sound the Official Earthquake Alarm
hi, I highly doubt that you will see this but I just want to say that I LOVE YOU<21
3. I went to bed after I opened today. just got up a bit ago. ugh
bro can you put up some of the pics
Good just drinking redbull (:
I think I'm pretty good
Mission accomplished in DC...heading back home to Mpls for a few days.
Doctors are the same as lawyers; the only difference is that lawyers merely rob you, whereas doctors rob you and kill you too.
Yes, He did! Aapne dekhli film? :)
RSJ students and faculty -- The highest bid so far for the dean's parking spot on Thursday is $15. Tweet your bid to
Visit to the chiropractor--check!
Oh geez
so typically i like to sleep in and i dont like getting up for school but yet im up when i dont have to be ...you see how things work SMH
The Pro Bowl is a joke, and not an interesting one either.
You Should be following me on twitter here
#AllianceSummer Lively disc at Council on shared ILS; general enthusiasm but concern re: 'irreversible decision', hidden costs, staff fears.
I love you
Thanks for the kind words, and thanks especially for coming to our presentation :).
Of course, there were some advantages. Put a chick at the Top of your Top 8?! You won half the battle. Well it worked on the eastie chicks.
It's official: Hales (old and creepy) vs. Jefferson (young and cool)
it means The Clash kick ass. Sample at your own risk.
I Wish Memphis Had A Double Quick!
oh, no worries. I'll be there!
Oh damn :-( Hmu on fb den
it was already better once I left lol
good morning. it's friday.
NYC Printing 123's recent addition of balloon printing services is outstanding especially with the speed that they can be printed and...
Teatro ZinZanni. Got worn out just watching the performers. And the food wasn't half bad, either.
You're threatening to destroy the fabric of society.
Faced with a really difficult decision. Eat the dough or bake the cookie?
Now that's a metaphor to believe in!
: my favorite #slowcooker meat: chicken. #BBQ Chicken sandwiches are the best!
Guess ill be doing some recording
u play commercial music and u LIKE IT!
Early hopeful bookings for 2012 ACL. #Springsteen #Jagger #TinaTurner #Rush #jay-z Take your shots.
What's on the menu for Mother's Day?
Hope it's teaching RM at UT-Austin iSchool--the fall class just got cxled due to "irreconcilable scheduling conflict." ?
Ready to get back to Spokane. Finished up everything in DC.
hell naw lbs i dont see how people do that
I just saw the pick if ochocinco's finger! Damn dawg! You need to fix dat, you don't want your 'ish to look like torry holt's hand!!!
Damn happy you found it!!
definitely me :)
Those look really good! Now I'm hungry!
The show this August will be like nothing you have ever seen before. All that didn't believe in the Federation will see what we are made of
Thx xo Sending #getshitdone waves 2 u & ! & Luv project on artistic reps of inequality! justice+art=has my heart
*hugs & kisses RT : Mom says thanks :)
After all this years eating crabs I finally get sliced for snapping them in half. Salt goes straight into the cut too.
Don't get excited yet fellas
Hello, I hope you enjoyed yourself this morning here at Peace & A Cup of Joe. What did you get and how was it?
Sadly, I was unable to attend (though I really wanted to go). I've perused the report.
Can somebody tell me what a bridge hand is?
lol you would! We know how much you love them!
Day 3 of clean living. I hope these Lakers don't make me reach for the bottle.
#TheBestPartOfMyDayWas didn't happen yet :O
Junior Seau dead??? No way
I mean... seriously. I wanted to press snooze about 3 times. Hurt my back last night and paying for it today.
Happy hour could easily turn into happy three hours.
Been awake since 5:30 for absolutely no reason...
it could be several things, hard to tell w/o looking. usually eye allergies and sometimes its reflex tearing because of dry eyes!
you're still a sweetheart for doin all you do. =)
I'm selling my Coachella ticket for the second weekend so if you want it hit me up before I put it on stubhub. $413 with the shuttle pass
I hope nobody can see me looking at El Paso's list of DWIs.
I've read a ton of good reviews but no firsthand. Good to know!
follow me !
Why President Obama 's Approval Ratings Are Going Down Most Americans thought Barack Obama would change things for the better, and he has
hey omfg your tweets are the bomb diggity lmaoo
I'm drinking and there's a lake and some ducks
Carpe Diem! -advice from guy on corner
His hits include "green onions" "hold on, I'm comin" "respect" "I can't turn you loose" "born under a bad sign"
So I found something about Jimmy I like... RT: Jimmy Carter urges that the Dems become pro-life party on my show today.
hi girl thanks for follow me
Off to #ASECS12. If you're in San Antonio, swing by the table and say hi.
SOMETHING'S WEIRD
U suck miz
Seeking Document Control Specialist for large-scale construction project in Los Angeles! Email me at …
thanks for the good words,BTW now
Not shit whats up with you man?! thanks for the support!
Phone problems my feet hurt and I'm hungry
RT : are you familiar with the lawsuit WA State residents have filled against ? <-- Nope, send me the info.
ur fine no matter what
Sometimes these bright ink colors such as lime green and hot pink look deliciously edible.
What&#39;s Happening: This is what&#39;s going on this week
Happy Spring Break 2012 Portland! Join us as we crown Miss Gortex in our annual Girls Gone Mild... OK rain, we get it!!
Search terms that brought people to my website: cuba nationalized pepsi sugar; veranda; the 30s mafia new york families; prison is bad
Interesting #saas advantage that customers can share BPM, reports because they are on a single platform.
then go back to sleep... lol
Everyone will be talking about him... What a voice! - Portland's Soft Rock
Family guy with the family (:
Not sure. And... of course I nailed it!
Working on several web sites at the moment, including the next version of my portfolio, www.idiom3.com. Busy!
Going to school!(:
Great article on Alex in SI. My wife and I were the friends at dinner for the "move on" toast. Hindsight is 20/20!
Permanent Makeup Special! 100 off all procedures during the month of April. Call us for an appointment now. Evenings and weekend appts
good luck tonight Madrigals! :D can't wait to hear you!
thank you!!
A 'brand' new name that speaks for itself. This is MindFirstFitness.
You know we do videos too. I was trying to see if you wanted to link up for one?
Chicken nuggets and french fries with sour cream :)
Dreams Money Can Buy...
Totally serious. It's what I would get if I were buying a new one...but then I have 1/8th of an acre.
my mom tried to get us 2 say tht but we never did
exactly! I'm not a wuss when it comes to roller coasters though <U+270A> I go on the scariest things <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> lmfao what about you?!
Filming a TV show in front of my building & its shut down the block. Guess I'm staying in today. Thanks
I hate mondays, ugh just be summer already..<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Guilty as charged. “: Oh, Randolph, you and your "F- me" shoes, again.”
:-) - btw, how are things going at Ignition Alley?
Can I go?
OMG! A rich kid might have been a dick when he was 12?!?
Sip Happy Hour - Vintage Lounge - Orlando
Backstage. Eddie Kingston approaches Drake Younger. He wants Younger to know that he's got his back against those Anarchy guys.
Thank you for all the new followers! Help me get more and more followers!! I love having your support. Thanks again. God bless.
HOME ALONE
Got oc sprayed yesterday and finished my second tattoo. (: taking leave soon for the family trip to Collins lake.
My sister is home, but instead of spending a lovely evening with her, I'll be at the old place of employment.
he looks like a Teddy bear
right here! right here!
: thanks for the follow. Wish I was well enough to work out
Pitching coaches get it too. RT : Why are hitting coaches always the fall guys? Why not bench coaches? Or third base coaches?
Got a bruise on my leg for trying to play soccer
Had a ggoodnight wit my girl. bout to crash at her house
You left me without saying bye
that is an easy one, Coit tower looks like a huge dong. I used to live in north beach and that big penis was in my backyard
Dance ( ASS ) - Big Sean
well it's more fun when ur close. Blowing someone out by cheating is boring. I think I'm gonna lose this one
yes, I'm sleeping at that hour:)
SOX: It was another slow start for Buchholz and the #RedSox but Will Middlebrooks hits grand slam in B5 to tie the game. 5-5.
Great choice, as well!
Happy Birfday !! what are you 42 again!!
Happy Labor Day Weekend! from team #CandySwipe -
I'd be happy to do an email q&a, I could do it by mon or tues. Would u like a link to an online screener to watch the film?
Ok why is everyone in the league #42?!?!
this weather is good for snuggling by the fireplace, hot cocoa, chili, and TOE SOCKS!
Hope they like it! I'd be interested in hearing their ideas :)
Just returned from Great people and great resource for the community!
apple picking on the opening day of football? That's impressive!!!!
Ad hominem => To the individual, often used to describe a personal attack on a person
ok hun it should be there now!!
Accident on I-25 North near 20th Street exit. #Denver # traffic
I just made it. Come on Indies... Let's support this conference & each other. Register now
As long as you bring the peace pipe! Off to work! (on a damn Sunday)
Can't wait for your new single!! I'm defiantly a #lexinator !
can't wait! Love you guys!!
RT : Baxter: when you talk to people off the record, it goes straight to the fear of outsiders.
Coming Soon: The Libraries Film Series. Come watch 4 Films of the Apocalypse on Tuesday nights in April screenings at 7 pm in Rm 104 Mullins
The interview starts when you pull into the parking lot. Be kind & courteous to everyone!! Escalante
Parents join engaged couples for pre-wedding dance lessons - Wicked Local
Tournament tonight at The Standard starts at 7PM.They have Black Knight 2000, Twilight Zone, Black Rose and Getaway.Show up early 2 practice
Oh, no, that's much worse than a cold. I hate seeing nasties coming for us and not being able to duck them.
Attn Law Librarians - is anyone else finding the URL's for FDSys hard to deal with when updating your saved GPOAccess links? Ideas?
hahah well you should! Im listening to them now..lmao whazzuupp
Whatever happened to chef on south park
Big announcement tonight! Be here at Midnight to hear the news!
yes buts it's okay because you're still GRAND<3
Songwriters! Check out Google Music out today! Definitely worth your while!
When you move away from "I think not" freedom begins.
What's wrong? :(
Beauty is about liveing ur life and being happy about urself inside and out. Not worrying about what people think of u
Amen! Half naked women dancing before a business crowd is completely inappropriate.
This show jail is *crazy*
much better! Thanks:)
": Dont be afraid to lose the person u love cause if they truly love u, they are not going anywhere"
can't help u with the money, but maybe could help doing it with less. Done plenty of that because of background. (NY based dp)
I've been home like 2 times this week. I drive way too much. :((
If you can tweet any pics it would be greatly appreciated
$1 Billion, and owned by Facebook.
Los Angeles mall.
New TV dinner TODAY-Braised Beef Sloppy Joe, Spinach, Roasted Potatoes, Green Beans & Coconut Snowball. Only $15. Call 404.681.4434!
Door's open. Early crowd is pretty intellectual (and really cute) tonight. You should stop in.
Got like 20 followers on Instagram today <U+270C> I'm only at 70. I want more ;b
Yesterday at BBG was good to see in passing , , and in hanging out with etc.
Gwyneth Paltrow: Action Hacker!
Me! I've been printing tees for RCF this weekend. Have more to finish tomorrow.
Best to leave religion out of it anyway!
hey you I've been better but doing good! How are you sweetie?
#808Pride face it girly hes not the boy for you but u no ur
I can make one for you...shoot me over a Direct Message with name, time and party size and we'll see what we can do.
On my way to an important luncheon for my boss with Usher's 'Climax' in my head.. smh
Camp Randal can hold more than
I vote for both simultaneously. The town I'm from is called Briarcliff Manor...now, how to illegalize it?
Thanks for the article. You ROCK!
35 More Days of school!!! Yippee!!! :D
bus #43 running late (n bound) hope I don't miss my meeting...
Been in b'more for 10 mins and already i've walked past 2 shims. Ah Baltiwhore. Welcome back Lesley!
and they always end with me blubbering and my husband looking at me crazy and laughing.
Aw, thank you I love being with readers!
Burn off that bad lunch at The Super AbMaster tonight & then&630PM tomorrow. Need personal training? Visit Shop.JoAnnaWardFitn ...
lmao he's funny as hell…OMG SWEDES AND BSB
. will be at McGilvery's Speedway Pub tonight from 7:30-8:00PM interviewing w/ Don Kay & Autosport Radio. Stop by & say hello!
On the road again!
So the first act of my teleplay is all in sotto voce.
Only if you get a spray tan.
It isn't until October sometime so I will likely have to go if I want to get invited to the annual Halloween party!
GanCao is sweet and beautiful.
Great episode of this morning including a well informed round table with and
Who is playing some ball this weekend? I know I am!
I stand with to support Elizabeth Warren for US Senate. Join us!
Thank you darling <3
Hi Elena, are you going to ECAD this year?// RT : have a great week!
I'm so into this visual #musicstyle map! you can just pass the mouse over the styles + it will play some cool audio mp3's...
nick r you coming to new york this weekend?
RT": Going for OSU on this one." Me too...first time ever for me lol
Thank you for your support!
Dr. Elaine Soter will be the guest on today's Voice of Diabetes with Anastasia. Tune in at 11:00 on KOKC 1520 or www.voiceofdiabetes.com
Watching Let's Stay Together with Viggle Tue | 21:30 | BET Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Plenty. I volunteered at the '96 GOP convention; always a good idea for RNC and D4P to be separate.
I'm reading "Drive" by Daniel H. Pink - what motivates people? read this book to find out - very interesting read
a diabetic mom snacking on whole rutabagas may contend.
we'd be happy to help! DM us.
with Greg? Or Antonia?
Uh yeah sure, one thing..do you know coding?
We need a cookbook for this? Food Network plugs "1000 Easy Recipes" w/sandwich: cut bread in squares, spread w/ ricotta & orange marmalade.
meeting with the talented Maria Vargas
I love having someone in my life that you can talk to about any and everything!!!!!
So anxious. $640million Mega Million.Jackpot. I can feed half of Africa with that money.
I'm blowing cigarette smoke in the face of LIFE
Before what? She shuts down and cries? RT : A girl can only be pushed so far
#idontunderstand Why is it 50 degrees!!!!
Me too Coach! I think there are only 22 ladies who don't feel like barfing right now.
Not a trick question: which sounds like a more fun stage of life, being a kid again or being middle-aged?
James Jones should learn to box out!
The Mavs are rolling Cuban cigars.
In the studio w the enormously talented .cutting vocals with
Fuck school, I need summer.
PLEASE FOLLOW ME CODY ILOVEYOU! Make my dream come true<3
Oh no Jim Cantore fr weather channel is in Philly right now... That can only mean one thing!! BAD
Happy Birthday, Bob Uecker!!! "A little bit of chin-music..." You da man, Bob!!!
Any time after July '10!
My fellow #Wrimos, I'm two days behind schedule. Someone kick me in the pants!
aight I'm holding u to that! :)
Watching Luther, that's some serious stuff! Dexter, House, The Wire, etc... make room.
A couple is discussing where they're going to cop under my home/office window in very slurred speech.
woah! So I dot have to pay her? Awesome
Have a client in the Twin Cities looking for an experienced folder gluer operator. Call me if you're interested. 888-BRAUSSE.
actually am yea! didnt think id say it but its gonna be a good summer i think and then hopefully back to the grind over here!
A bitch got to much time on her hands focus on friendship #Me..like really u got a man hoe focus on that #Dick!!!! Plzzzzzzz
Sorting books -- cracked myself up saying goodbye to _Goodbye, Columbus_.
what other reason would it be, right? I mean, it can't just be life in general, because that's too normal. Haha.
sure! Why not?! Lol. Normally i can't cheer for Philly sports either, but I'll make an exception
thank you for bringing her false statements into the spotlight!
i saw a girl today that looked just like you! And tomorrow sounds like Tamara!!!! Ah
Watched an incredible movie this weekend, FAIRGAME. AWESOME Script, brilliant acting and directing. Congrats!
Im so done with school -____-
If you can build a business up big enough, it's respectable. Will Rogers
schedule is tough..east carolina & navy out of conf...ark..miss st is gr8 now, plus usual beasts..whats ur point?
Sometimes we all need a little alone time. It doesn't mean we are mad, upset, shy or anything else, we just all need some space.
Woke up more or less on schedule. Here's to marathoning finals in the next 11 hours!
I am #UnintentionallyFunny if nothing else.
I'm doing Jaleo with my dad this weekend and it's his first time, what's your top 5 dish recs these days?
What are we doing here?
Hey San Antonio! Don't miss the chance to connect with Neta, master hair colorist/stylist at a gorgeous Aveda spa,
Just submitted book orders for my grad course next semester. Tough decisions, but I think they provide a nice range of engagement.
I don't judge
Ghost hunters on Cake Boss?
Yes, Yngwie too!!! Twice in one day!!
Meanwhile we'll be watching vs in PDX.
What's on Woody Allen's scraps of paper?! I MUST KNOW!
got a great testimony-filled day, a super blessing, and hours and hours of singing hymns with three wonderful singers. today = WIN
I will get my picture on line in twitter sorry didn't have one to put in today.
you just had to ask!
ur beautiful!! Will u ever notice me and follow me? Idk xp
You're up! Go for it! Explore where no man (or woman) has gone for months! Years? I think the Merante sisters think I'm dead.
Looks like an awesome opportunity!
Wow Sumaya, I had no idea you were such an internet guru! ...and she can dance! ;)
also my head is a rockin'. just got numbed and and had chunks of me sucked out through my nose. screw everybody i'm laying down.
Thank you Brandi!!
unfortunately my talk at UC-R has been canceled. my plans had to change when the release of the #malcolmx bk was pushed to 4/4.
not at umkc but ya im goin'
happy mothers day to the strongest mom i know ! my mom love you!!
Miss u homie I start training nxt mnth fro whole mnth true fitness
wat it do bro
I'd switch to emacs for you.
what's the best place to attempt a memorial day weekend camping trip? Valley of Fire? Zion? Bryce?
I just voted for Urban Underground Inc to win $250k on Chase Community Giving!
Sometimes seeing new artist living their dreams gets me depressed...I WANT THAT WITH ALL MY HEART &SOUL!
some the comments made on it are so ignorant :/
ok no prob; not sure if Barsa's there- I guess it wouldn't hurt to check- we are only 3 blocks apart
Hard to argue against that. A bus like that speaks volumes without words.
happy birthday
It's hot out there and so are the deals! Buy from your neighbors -- 7916 SE Foster Rd -- 11-7 pm
He makes all things new. He can refresh and reposition anything that's out of alignment. We must first learn to give it to Him and trust!
It's better to be rejected for who you are than accepted for who you're not.
O ok I stand corrected :)
thanks Michael!
there's none of that in phx!
I wonder if ever seen the new Twilight.I could be Bella and he could be Jacob & Logan can be Edward or the other way around.
Advice we should all live by!
my videos mostly. haven't incorporated online discussion yet. we've done some blogging, but it didn't get very interactive.
"The starting point of all achievement is desire. Weak desire brings weak results." - Napoleon Hill
Watching my favorite movie "Juice"
Going to school pretty festive today^_^
the name is nirro add me
Is it weird that I want to make Austin pancakes?
What do I do on my days off (like today)? Clean, grocery shop, and cook. (Funny thing is, two of the three are my favorite pastimes.)
I seriously am in awe of my life right now... after a year and a half, everything is FINALLY coming together!
She brought some mf syrup an shit... Where the pancakes lol
Searching online for someone's publicist, I came across "Who Represents", which has an unfortunate (but hilarious) URL.
I would never leave you! BABY COME BACK!
Hey twitterers. Happy Holidays to you and yours.
if you want
end of semester #bucketlist begins tonight
Yo! we're holding casting calls for Fashion week? 349 5th ave. at 34th st.
Think I can count Facebook and Twitter usage as examples of "faculty outreach" for my activity report?
Bobbi Kristina ...if you need anything at all...at all. GOD HAS YOU..YOUR MOM IS THERE WITH HIM
leave plz bye
are you in high school....???
anyway this is NOT a great trade for bucks?
you looked pretty @ prom,it was so good to see u again:)
you never know, but oh well looks like we need to plan out trip :)
no got my schools softball banquet
ditto I really hate him.
Singin about your man and him walk up as you start not noticing <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Cool. Thanks :)
Oh wow...Looks GREAT!!
When me and are single shit goes down (:< lmao
If you're really quiet and listen very closely, you will hear the sweet sound of you, shutting the hell up.
inn Bed Whatchin TinkerBell -_* it Makes Me Miss My Nieces'
Who is Barcelona going against?
Look for twitter giveaways later this morning for #TrendShow! Currently learning about a hot new fragrance called #Valentina!
Wait. WHAT? The Dalai Lama tweets??....Technology, you're out of hand.
A BIG happy birthday to two of the greatest girls ever and
because its baby makin weather!! lol kidding
Used to protest when my mom listened to Bonnie Rait, but I'm digging her new album, esp. "Down the Line." My musical taste has evolved.
Beating my dad and brother at MIB is priceless
Um, yeah.... Where are you staying?!?!
see you then ;)
Did Facebook change it's tab icon? What's the signifiance of the reverse-pointed arrow?
Happy Birthday ! You are my role model and inspiration! I Love You<3
La Chat & Certy in BROOKLYN PREPPING FOR SHOW... We WINNING HATAZ
lol! do you secretly work in their marketing department?
I remember now. Good to hear from you again.
Thank you, sir!
Dana Perino has gone from spokeswoman to the most powerful office in the land to complaining about SNL skits with Greg Gutfeld in 4 years.
Deut 14:28-29 "...bring all the tithes of that year's produce and store it in your towns, so that...the fatherlss...may come and eat..."
Jonas Fans Are Powerful <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>
I saw them, very nice indeed! Reminded me of a cabinet a guy made for his musicman amp.
I disagree, #NFL =
It can elude some of us due to circumstances beyond our control but it has its effect nonetheless.
Make sure to head over to .com & get a dose of SEC/UK Football News by Larry, Me & Few other Guest Writers!
thanks for the add tell your friends about us and come visit for some great island food!
"I'm proud to tell you that there are many other talented students who are waiting to shine." Shyam Nooredeen at the # PENCILGala.
Those are all valid places to be
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. -A. Einstein
yankees game starting in about 1 hour...lets snap that cold streak guys!!! btw...im beating you
Have you consumed 10 cups of coffee yet for the double-double? RT : Studying at the library. Approaching career high in hours.
oh noes! On such a pretty day too. You feeling better?
Good point: "You don't have to brush your teeth - just the ones you want to keep." - in my 2 week appt reminder email from my dentist.
“: haha wait are you sure it wasnt the Bixulant” pretty sure<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
The matchup between Blake Griffin and Jason Smith should be interesting. Wonder how early it gets rough?
Somebodies gunna wish that you were here.
I AM YungBambino901
When Jesus died, He became your substitute. He took all the punishment you deserved, so you could live an abundant life. Thats good news!
Ohare is the worst airport ever!
Sorry, I'm busy walking my fish.
"I will like to be the person that you are scared to lose" We all think at a person when we read this.. No ?
cody do u pa so much becouse u keep on coming n coming not tat i dont mind ;)
oh, I see. And now I’ve let it slip that I enjoy cocktails that are reminiscent of urinals …
HELL RAISERS! Lmao
I'm just not gone do it lol its too much love there
keep up the good work from the K TO NOW WHO WOULD THINK
It was taken down sometime yesterday afternoon. Pretty much the weirdest thing ever. Good thing I snuck a peek in the morning.
I'm pretty hyped about this hilarious and funky version of A Midsummer Night's Dream It's a lot of fun! Come see it!
thanks for sharing! nailed it on this post. 6ag
Tiny Herm in Coors commercial is any better?
RT : Innovator leaving Balboa Park Online Collaborative [Best of luck on next adventures, Rich!]
It's four dollars, do you really need a refund?!
Nice lil road trip came back to the Lou and EVADED the bullshit
Poste Eggs and homemade donuts fixed us right up from the night before. Bloody Mary Bar didn't hurt any, either. Great meal!
A slight touch of friendly malice and amusement towards those we love keeps our affections for them from turning flat. Logan Pearsall Smith
blah blah blah LOL
liv the fact that you were on instagram at 3 am... And I thought I was bad!
Poet on your holiday gift list? Louis Jenkins will be signing books at CGB today at 2:00!
New york u?
good question?
Stomach hurts. <<
"Smoking is..." *waggles finger* "NOT allowed..."
Rip Hamilton is having himself an evening for the #Bulls. 20 points through 3 qtrs. leading #Knicks by 10
To effectively recruit younger employees, Goodrich demonstrates that they are a great company to work for w/ active volunteer force.
Somebody did something different and you didn't like it.
Suck my TWEET hahahaa FunnyShI:D
Money Make Her Cum I Say Money Made Cha Dumb
ok ok that's wassup. I follow UNC for college bball and I don't have a set team for football. Giants for NFL Knicks NBA yup
Sheamus Has Miami on His Mind
Happy Pres. Day! "My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth." - Abraham Lincoln
I reek of Cheetos, weed, Betsey Johnson and shame. In other words, I smell exactly like Britney Spears' purse.
I'm wondering about McCarthy not challenging that touchback by Pope??
I guess? Lge. one is still top tier premier league and each league below is "less prestigious" or something, tho
Is in Seattle and liking it quite much!
If you eat all those cookies, Wade's gonna make you a Nose Tackle
Being real is just like being single... (it hurts when you feel your alone)
No bueno, amigo! What happened?
haha let me just throw you two
We Did It! Made #1 on Google for "Tucson Business Cards" and now occupy 3 out of 10 positions on page 1. Thanks Everyone
I hate that dude who leaches bruh name starts wit a G
I was @ Manhattan School of Music for their performance of Aida then the graduation yesterday. Some great talent coming our way
shout out to my new follower!!
and I are starting a gang, who else wants to join? #birdgang, tweet tweet.
Now the question becomes when did Alex Smith get the clutch gene?
Learn tonight a key element most network marketing opportunities are missing. call 1-507-726-3420 then 21265#
our new CEO is super interested in partnerships with local schools. We do some with private schools in the area, but she wants
I refuse to let infatuation or what appears to be love alter my decisions. This time I'm standing my grounds!
Congrats on your achievement.
she likes my beard
it's more wet in the bbt than outside right now.
Allow me a moment 2 congratulate MYSELF! I give my people in da hood HOPE! 2nd time I've been featured in a magazine!!!
Man, I still can't believe they over-estimated damage to the capital. All that money wasted...what a scandal.
I love how me and Elijah can talk about literally anything and it not be akward.
Yup! You're not the first person to say this to me today, either.
My head is throbbing, the last thing I want to do is listen to Zakkour and company bitching and moaning.
vaguest tweet ever.
After waiting an eternity to get our food, you would think they would have offered us one.
so getting home at 8 o'clock this morning having 0 hours sleep with half a shaven eyebrow=Productive night
Take part in a brand new Channel 4 project | Calon FM
See flooding? Send your pictures/videos to .
Now I'm making a complaint my toilet now sits on a lean after the so called fixed the leak they was talking bout
One to five: I'm half alive. Six to nine: I'm out of line. Ten to twelve: I'm not myself. By the millionth time, I cry.
A $250 fine for a 1st time violation of daytime #curfew in Chula Vista far exceeds the crime.
Wasn't that fun?! So happy we got to hang, too! You have an open invite to our little beachside cottage. *Clink*!!
dudes aren't supposed to look at their ass and wonder why it doesn't look good. Guys asses are not attractive period
The meaning of life...
#actorsloungelive kevin sucavage is the turkey man
Thanks for soppin' by and congrats on becoming our mayor!
I'm a rich elitist stuck in a middle class budget.
if you seriously want more followers then follow my girl ri she will get you follwers asap
#mybiggestprblem trying to get her back
Should not be this tired
Interested in starting your own #film work? You've already filmed your own work? Come to Film Forward: a party for new film work. Tweet me
While Microsoft does get points for innovation, Kinect for Xbox 360 isn't the first effort to make gaming a hands-free affair.
lol I know it's a bad habit considering 75% of the time it does not make any sense :(
joe flacco, you're bad.... the good news is that mark sanchez is worse
Thanks suga RT : have a safe trip!
Michael is
Live chat with bill brands coming right up. Technical snafu delayed launch. Should be up by 12:30. Very sorry
this chick won't stop callin me man.
Okay fellow Sag, all that I can say is she's steppin' out! I think it's great. Love it!
Wish could! : Looking fwd 2 meeting u two! Denise : Waiting for and then we are on road for #140mtl”
Ford pants. 'nuf said.
I do believe in people maybe a little too much. I like to think all people have good hearts
No , gino got me out and like 5 mins later he got out
What to be successful? Remove wish, if, and can't from your vocabulary.
you the best my nigga
"At the end of the day, we can endure much more than we think we can." - Frida Kahlo
I'm To Fresh To Fighht Somebody Go Get Security
HAPPY NEW YEARS....... 2012... BEST WISHES TO EVERYONE
“: Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness. ~Maya Angelou” truth!
I'm gonna regret this sleeping schedule when I gotta get up for class monday! Oh well #YOLO... haha I've never actually used that phrase b4
If only you can see what I've seen with your eyes. - Blade Runner
Finally getting that the beach is west, not east
Found a small little puppy by my house. It doesn't have a collar so I'm gonna wash him then keep him =) YAY, a new puppy!!
61 days until Lead Tampa Bay- Student Leadership Conference! Who's coming? www.LeadTampaBay.com
that doesn't sound too good.
Time to take off on they ass........#Heat Nation
You have a new house?
Tell my President I said hello!
RT if you think they should make a 3D version of Coming to America
Good talk by about losing his Mom the day after the 35w bridge crash & then living his life with intent after. Inspiring!
It's never too early to plan your fourth of July party
Maxine Hong Kingston~ The sweat of hard work is not to be displayed. It is much more graceful to appear favored by the gods.
Theres another one...3 that is..Good shot by Kobe tho
Can't wait to hit up the event tonight!!!
Great stories are timely, impact people, are unusual, and often controversial. News is almost anything that holds someone’s interest.
Nobel Peace Prize for Egyptian Protesters! WikiLeaks, not so much. A Nobel Peace Prize For WikiLeaks?
What a DORK is Bug Selig for having to READ his congratulations to Cardinals for winning the World Series and announcing the series MVP!
#SACRAMENTO #CA follow the Sac State Students spending the second night on campus in protest!
Feeln sad and mad today sounds like CHERNOBOG IS OVER BEFORE IT REALLY EVEN GOT GOIN DAM THIS IS FUKIN LAME ...
The food was great, and the Bloody Marys are always delicious. Looking forward to rooftop dining! How was your meal?
My concentration is off line today so working on my book is a no go. Instead I'm going to eat my pizza & watch Harry Potter movies. :)
One-time NM gov, one-time Repub, and current Libert. cand. for President Gary Johnson says CO has chance to end marijuana prohibition 4 US.
Thanks for the Mention of my article!
i havent posted shit on facebook and i stay gettin notifications on invites and events and dumb shit -_-
RT "Health e Wellness / Fitness Physique / Beauty e Fashions!!
Yes you could lol you done it before! Encore!! RT : anytime bro couldn't have done it without the homies!!!
seriously it is a waste I feel like just put your face on it I'm sure they'll look at your resume then
btw guys, I owe you a few glasses of wine (Pinotage or other) when next in YVR. Your #leadgen tips we're fantastic. Thx again.
Why did our leftfielder get a hit and RBI? I thought he was supposed to be an automatic out?
hey bfino it's national kiss day.. Who will you be kissing? ;)
Small world! I was there, too! I love socon. Such a great event.
ha nice to meet you to Tati! Keep in touch!
what sucks?
I am serious who will go to Nicki Minaj with me second set of rows?
I just resisted peach cobbler! Wow, I never thought I'd see the day.
HowardStern: It seems like Michelle Bachman is taking over the whole tea party, hot, dummy thing.
I shall do that :)
Guy walking around campus barefoot in the cold rain
At CEO Roundtable dinner in downtown San Diego with Congressman Brian Bilbray.
Enjoying #Gameofthrones - still need a cleanse after watching some episodes, but it's almost comical #headsrole #wherearemydragons!?!?!
only the Smiths? Not very inspired. I love the Smiths a LOT, but come on.
Sitting in Business Ethics wishing I was outside or in the gym. Gonna rock out to some when I go out.
“The key is not to prioritize what's on your schedule, but to schedule your priorities.” - S. Covey (Thanks philo boy)
watch yo mouth
Joel, I hope he had one of those "How is my Driving" bumper sticker with an 800 number...Proceed with caution!
Great response so far. Thanks All!
Staying after school till 7. Ahh.
De Aza's walk up song is Roll Out, they should change the words to ground out
I know its been a long time ..are you going to t.k halloween thing ?
“: Yo u smashin on dat new "Being Broke Is A Sin" mixtape! Good job bro bro!”good look bruh
females .. Sadly lol
you better <333
Come check out surrender tonight! It's the night club 2 be @ only !
#slcwebinar PKM is about shifting responsibility for learning and knowledge from a company to individuals.
Chicago comes from the word shikaakwa, which means? N.Amer for wild onions, aka ramps. 17th cent. large growth of them = Chicago
did what right?? =)
I wish I could be beautiful for you, I really do because to me you are..
LOL! I scored an exit row seat. Yay for legroom! :)
#THATCamp PNW begins! Intro and scheduling session.
Sign up today for the Indianapolis Monumental Marathon/Half Marathon/5K. Prices go up Thursday July 1, 2010...tomorrow.
RT : Just saw like a 5-year-old kid wearing a wife beater, camo shorts and a Dale Jr. hat. TALLADEGA!!!
ME TOO SHUT UP KAYLEE (:
Every time a box ker-plunks out of the Craft-O-Tron, a crafter gets their wings!!
my favorite thing about Ghost Adventures is how you show everything unlike other shows where they tell you they found s ...
don't worry, I'm leaving soon to go sleep
A2 Synthetic drugs can cause extreme violence in non-violent people.
Building my list . . .
Not even that is free, water that is. RT : Water is free. Beer is not. One of the many things wrong in this world.
Indicting children's behaviors but never asking why they occur isn't offering solutions. It's looking for an easy target to express anger.
#IWouldDoAnythingFor kids who get bullied and put down everyday for no reason like who wanna end bullying
You are not going to want to miss the Heartland Worship Institute July 7-9...Register now ONLINE at www.heartlandworshipinstitute.com
When its time2take care of business take care of business leave all th@ "ghetto" mess & drama @ home! Its time 2 make money!
You too, Melanie! :)
That's Bella for you... I'm still waiting on that bread. STARVING!
lol just chill.. I'm almost done.. almost
Soo I think I should start getting dressed.
Wow that was the fastest emergency room visit ever. In and out with 5 stitches in under an hour!
Why, yes, I am wearing suspenders.
My body is the instrument of my spirit.
that must be the avatar penis u was referring to. I'm good! Lol
do you study cancer?
thank YOU!!!
#Steely Dan coming to PDX in July.
Music Lovers! One of my favorite newest bands Dreams finally got on Twitter. Please follow and take a listen!
I really want to like #alcatraz. And I probably will end up liking it. Tonight, however, I'm highly distracted by the score. Just too
Kind of bummed out. Will be listening at 5 pm.
hi Casey we miss you
was that about the guy from ihop?
and we're down. i forgot its already the 18th on the east side...
I hate when #AsianGirls get exited when i take them on a date by the "lake" & they start screaming "Rake" but it sounds like "Rape"
Thanks DJ Double Wide!!
I'm with you! I don't know where to start!
I closed the window once Red Hot Chili Peppers were mentioned. Those lists are usually such a joke.
Don't start checking big stomach!
7 of us and 8 of them it's not going to work out.
Thanks to everyone who came out to our August event last night, we'll have photos up soon!
can you please add me to the list? thanks!(:
yeah silly :)I spaced the fact you are iPhone enabled
Thanks for the help Audrey! You're a sweetheart!
Wanted: A dog to marry Lucky and help others in need
Father, into your hands I commit my spirit
being in ministry means I forfeit the right to be stupid.
Why does Twitter limit the amount of people you can follow? Isn't that silly? Wouldn't you want people to follow as many as possible?
I hate when my wireless device can't connect to a wifi network... and we have several. No idea how to improve this.
should win new artist this year!
Thanks Elizabeth!
@ 1526 North Fairfax Ave,hollywood 90046 , 10:15pm 2 hummer Limos pick us up and we have 4 bottles at kress rooftop. Pls wear RED and BLACK
i was too 80's when i first starting playing so i tend to go with those over sweeps to make em sound a little more modern.
Reminder to buy Getting Started with Arduino...
Is it just me or does unflavored Chapstick give you the swootest breath and worst taste in your mouth.
the bank.
#raw10 lately all flava of women have been liking me...JayZ said it, i got 99 problems but a......
Lots of changes going on all career fronts. Can be scary at times but exciting too
Not saying what I did wasn't wrong but wrong doesn't cross your mind when you're drunk.
I love you more!:D
I miss harry potter.
I am so for
MUCH LOVE TO SHE ALWAYS RT MY TWEETS
Just downloaded "Fall Out" from iTunes, and added the artist to my alert list! Thanks !
While emer. officials say #HeartstrongFire 100% contained, Yuma Co. Sheriff wants to drive around to make sure all areas covered.
she told me Thursday she's in all my classes
have you been discussing the book in class? you can get by with most teachers if you just regurgitate what they tell you :P
Thanks for the follow. I will keep you posted on our Big Project.
Got on my armor. Some good things are happening so you know the enemy is busy!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I Wish everything with my ex couldve work out for the better
That new Camry commercial is the dumbest thing I've ever seen, who wants to get proposed to in a car?
They're redoing my Target, and I wonder why shopping takes so long now. Example? Found the plastic picnic forks in maternity. Just saying.
hahaha r u still coming today like u promised or was that just the alcohol talking ?!?! =)
Crossing my fingers this day goes by without a hitch...Rise & Grind
ayy youtube, why are you loading so slow? i want to watch the Coast To Coast video cody put up...
It's starting to sound like Google+ is suffering from Perfection Syndrome - too much control backfiring.
and trust we are all excited!
SO sad...do u know how she passed away?
Congrats, you're going to #sdcc this year?! That should be a blast.
I really do. And the $199 w contract extention isn't too bad. Hell, I'll probably make enough today to buy it.
Thanks for the RT and welcome to our newest followers !
$640 Million Lottery. 300 Million People in the U.S. Lets just give everyone 2.3 Million each and call it a day.
ok then and i will !
evoli! check your skype when you get a chance
I feel terrible....the weekend is here and I am really, really sick. Ugh.
chris brown be having me weak . -melts-
and how tall are you?
i have a great weekend and with in 2 hours of being home it is all ruined!!
I hope Kendrick is back out next inning for the Phils. He was great for the Mets.
I can see it now... Its the gansta within!
Follow Friday - , ,
Huge win today baby...
omg... I thought you were in Vegas... you;re closer to me in SF than Vegas? right?
Those who followed and retweeted us will find their discount codes direct messaged to them. Thanks! 2 days left to get the code.
Tball is one of the only instances when is okay to laugh at children and people who are just terrible at baseball
Feel like something great is about to happen. #lawofattraction... Don't you feel it?
Fat Joe keeps a good vibe in his songs
-- java 7 start-up time is a *lot* better than it used to be.
we are obviously too awesome!
its not working. What the hell?
Thanks! I hope so too!
Too late, i'll never ever meet the boys and that makes me so MAD.
Why do you wanna burn down Hot Topic so much? Weirdo...
Beer Status: Corona (ran out of good beer)
Today is Nascar's Daytona 500. Here at AZ Hot Air Balloons we wish Tony Stewart and the 14 team the best of luck today! Get em Smoke!
Sen. Scott Fitzgerald on June 5 recalls: "This is about power. This is about who is in control."
I firmly believe in taking a day to learn this city through Instagram...sound like a challenge?
I'm here -- watching Vick give the Eagles a chance here. GB's Clay Mathews almost knocked both QBs out. Punk.
I saw your new profile picture. I am now eroused trolololololol
AH! I can't wait to see you! And too!
i bought myself a chipotle burrito yesterday because I deserved it
yall gonna be in the view this weekend. I'll be in tyl
Re-branding has helped sales grow steadily says
Oh my! Tweets continue to post late...
Thank you! I buy most of them from Katastrophic.
G-" my Mommy's bff Nancy is in the mini today. If you see her she needs drinks and a hug, ok?"
I've become convinced of this: If you value your work at nothing, it will ultimately be perceived as worthless to the reader.
I have a hot date
Bulls in 6 :) it'll happen!
Out to celebrate 's birthday in Bloomington!
Need a lift? Our #appoftheday puts a taxi at ur fingertips... #TaxiTally will get u where ur going.
Here they go again! RT IU fans are quickly falling off the bandwagon and getting excited for the 2012 recruiting class. Not good.
haha wow that's not good
Real louis don't need no blue tick by his side, that's how I'm rollin , never had one when my momma spat me into this cruel world bitches.
I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER!!!!! :D
RT Happy Birthday ole monk' ass...
It is a US territory and as such has always had the right to vote in the Presidential elections. What gives now?
Cause kobe tryna be like Jordan
Im fine Thank YOu!
hahaha...this is hilarious. Poor girl, she has no idea! ;)
#Breakfast today is oatmeal with strawberries and blueberries and a side of Twitter :) Have a happy hump day!
{blushing} {girlie giggles} Umm I'd say good to know but it doesn't really benefit me per say...haha
I want an Adam Levine - May I have one?! Just one :) Thanks! <3
Hope everyone had a good time at the party and thank you very much for coming !!
Can't wait to see my son^.^ He's coming from L.A, should be here around 2 or 3 :D<3
love should be happy not suffering.
no imma find it and fix it then give it back
moonraker, wasnt that a Bond movie?
Are you a Vegan/Vegetarian? Were you one before Damon, or did Damon influence you to become one? Let us know! :D
I'm tired of girls giving definitions of "real men". Focus on being a better woman.
no problem, thx for putting out such great blog posts!
just fulfilled a long overdue sushi fix, m...
NO TD, HIS TOE IS OUT!!!!
You know what I can go for right now...some Gushers! WAAHH I want gushers now!!
My mom is such a bitch!! I'm cleaning my damn room so I can go to a party and I'm coughing up a lung and it's almost done and I was like---
Life is just one damned thing after another
Hey Steven boy you might have me believing i don't always have to be alone. #heystephen loling
Hi tweeter, it's been a while since I shared anything non-Iditarod or "pictures with a fancy filter" related. I'll start with some classics
We need our daily recommended dose of #linsanity now more than ever.
Why won't my damn phone send a twit pic
So, who is partying tonight in Manhattan?
RT: : Jumpin' Jack Jagger: Happy birthday, Mick. Born this day in 1943. | No.Way. Mick's 67 years old??
Before the Internet when people were bored they had to find something to do. Now they just post pics of them self on instagram
The fact that I'm on and #PhatFreeMonday regularly should tell you something about me...
learning about
Yup, celery soda tastes about as weird as I expected it to.
Whew! I was worried there for a sec. ;-) RT no need for broken hearts. just having a little fun ()
Dog somebody text me.... At work bored as shit.
Thanks for the RT's . Much appreciated. Hope you're having a good one. ;p
I love my ladies (:
thanks ally!
Oh Thank you. I am not sure about season 2. But we will always have Brighton Beach . S prazdnikami vas tozhe.
Supremely angry at and I don't say the f word often but fuck.
#Ihateitwhenimdrivingand I see fixi bike kids riding their fag bikes.
GOOD NIGHT! Dream of Austin tonight ;* -Ritchelle<3
Hi, Caitlin, glad to see you on Twitter! Thanks for following MUSE. --Liz
Great day so far... booked Commercial... Armynel screening tonite.... and most importantly my uncle is surviving his heart attack
I begrudgingly accept 'Spaced'= no more, but do you & Ms. Hynes have plans to write anything else together?
RT - THERES A WAFFLE MAKER THAT MAKES NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS SHAPED WAFFLES SOMEONE BUY ME IT NOW
I was hoping that I invented corn & jalapeno pizza, but I found some online from Berkeley.
#aam2011 fact: Museum professionals are wicked dancers. And also learned that "the only thing worth dying for is the imagination."
Step #9: give up resistance to change.
My night: breaking apart Half Japanese live sets from "1/2 Gentlemen Not Beasts"/"1/2 Live" into separate tracks.
Not just cuz I got it, Cuz I want to, that makes all the difference.
need a job
Home again.
Make sure you wish a happy born day! He shares it with Bob Marley...makes perfect sense....
$AAPL bouncing off support after the drop. Moving averages crossed.
Been about one-year since I've heard the subtle, casual, socially acceptable form of anti-Semitism somewhat common in the American Midwest
8123 BROADWAY THIS FRIDAY W ME AND IN THE MIX IN THE BASEMENT OF W $2.75 DOS XX ALL NIGHT!! RT AND SHARE!
If you live in #Atlanta and you love #Karaoke and #SpokenWord #Poetry, then you check out THURS 11/17 7pm-10pm. COME ENJOY!
Get me a better seat!!!
Blake Griffin is so overrated, no post moves, no jump shot
when you comin to milwaukee??
Back to School Samples and Drops are up and ready! Remember, teacher knows best!
“ TWA will be featuring this friday 03/11 @ Sharon Baptist Come celebrate God's love with . 9pm-1pm”
What is time? It's12:30pm. Matt Lamanna, Don Wentworth, Hallie Brook - , & Justin Hopper at See you there!
Cause if you let me here's what I'll do, I'll take care of you. I've loved and I've lost. <3
I hear ya...I was prepared for it though, it's gonna e a long next 3-5 years! Thank you Maddoff! Fucker
Thanks for hosting the ASTD Tweet fest Larry. Wish I couldn't have "stayed" longer. Looking forward to the next one.
thanks jen :) i miss you!
Yes please!! RT Preach it, my sisters. A-friggen-men. RT : more skirts should have pockets.
We've still got a couple slots! RT : You can also add performances any time (especially previews)
good!! I'm looking forward to that long update soon! You got my Barca rec?
saddle and bucks... Blodwyn style
No official results yet, they have to be certified. Should happen by Monday :)
After that long nap I took I'm still sleepy!
This is trully the Google Age
If your in Cleveland you definitely want to be for #Clevelands best gourmet food trucks! plz RT
If he loves you for your looks, KICK THE SHIT OUT OF HIM. If he loves you for your personality, then you're one lucky bitch.
- When I started, I was often the model for my friends and vice versa. I am comfortable if I know the photographer
Can't sleep
I expect it when I'm visiting family down south. To be told that in a northern state where I sound like everyone else is odd.
THATS REAL!! | ": If you care what thinks of you, NEVER wear a maxi dress or any dress that goes past your knees"
what's up with that fat fine you go today????
you mean you don't get why it's a finalist?
I dont play when it comes to my Bieber posters. (;
Dear , it would make mine and 's Friday if you would notice us!
On Sundays, I constantly check the internet to see if anything new is happening. It's not.
Maybe that needs to be in the #calltoaction holla @ me!
it's just in and over my left eye going toward the back of my head. Don't know what it is. Only had 3 shots and I sipped
It's about time I invest in some snow shoes for hangover Fridays. This just isn't working.
Thx! Always on the hunt for the best & brightest in Boston!
Good Luck Tonight , ,
This seriously sucks :( my boyfriend and I are ADDICTED to 2 1/2 men, we're so bummed the season is over now!!
please please please tell me all this talk about tour cancellation isn't true.... I was really looking forward to your show </3
We added chat to our website. Hit us up with any questions/comments!
I know it's July, but to get a musical on the air, I have to start it now. My goal is to show that Christmas is a very difficult time for
Lotus of Siam for lunch, thx Larkin
Wonder if movie being conceived w/Sasha Baron Cohen playing Gov Walker? That's right, it's out now ("The Dictator")
that makes two of us girl(;
big fan. When u doing a show in LA?
Haha, I looked. That's hilarious! Banners acting goofy is so entertaining. It's like watching kittens play with yarn.
today I caught my mom singing Government Hooker, it was kind of glorious
Me too! I set aside a notebook for recording opportunities I apply for and monthly goals of how many to do. It's helping a lot!
The cost of not following your heart, is spending the rest of your life … wishing you had. ~J Paulsen
Interesting...I never posted that. I was sleeping long before 1:30am!
This year has become the most important year ever. follow if you agree with me.
Oh guys btw, me and Thomas are NOT twins! So yeah. Lol never were we twins.
Thunder put a beating on.the lakers, I doubt thatll happen again
It's not the easiest logo but I believe they have the tools and expertise to make it work
These kids look forward to chess club meetings.
Rise and Shine! Send us your favorite campus photos!
I FORGOT ABOUT DANTE! he was a beast back in the day
Im really in need of some football. This is rough. Training camp is only a few months away.
"Do you think of yourself as the boss?" - Nell Merlino
P is for Pens.
lol. Russia! ;) I'm tempted to but I don't wanna ruin it! But may seems so far away :/
just let me know(:
dierks bentley, folks. if you're not listening to his records, you're missing out.
Congrats to Mike Calvin! Way to come through on your guarantee!
RT IF YOU WERE ONE OF THE 100,000 VIEWERS ON LIAM'S TWITCAM TODAY!!!
My allergies are out of control today. I apologize in advance if you catch me sniffling or with a Kleenex shoved up my nose. Bahhhh.
Congratulations on winning the Wells Fargo Championship in Charlotte! You are awesome :)
Egyptian protesters declare Israel to be their model for successful Mideast democracy!
great seeing you at HCI fed con this week! Hope to catch up again soon
I love all kinds of bread. Whenever I crave junk food, I want salty things like peanuts or potato chips,
That moment when you realize that no matter what you tell a person they just will never REALLY listen to you.
My mom finally learned how to make a <3. So now all of her posts and fbook messages have one at the end.
Edible Arrangements - who doesn't love food?!
Hahha are you still trying to get noticed by Austin?..
ha ha, you are welcome. Of course, the cheese only teases!!! Now only if I had some wine to talk to lol you know what they say
I wanna know what's in my Easter basket [:
Kinda wants to see the avengers again
Just blame it on the alcohol.
when would he be able to pitch again? Monday 4/23?
RT : "Impossible is not a declaration. It's a dare." ~ Muhammad Ali
Happy Mother's Day to all, and a big thanks to my own awesome working mother, Maureen Dunne
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I wish I never knew you.
Mama weaning 1, toddler night nursing 0! First night down!!
I woke up at a good time! Didn't even know we needed a comeback!!! Let's Go Mets
“: I Hate Being Sexy, But Somebody Has To Do it.”
Queue <- weird word.
there's been 4
um time to hit the sackies..
Sweet! Get your ass there girl!
Just returned from NYC visiting everyone at the ENK tradeshow. Really excited for Spring 2011 Collections.
I know I was up there stealing extra tees like it was no ones business haha
Dont wanna go to school :/ wah
Why the hell would I not want 2 eat the cake? Am I supposed 2 stare @ the shit? Ladies, I GET wht u wanna say...but say somethin else damnit
RT - Are u saling or buying #BILLs Vs #PATRIOTS LETS GO NEW ENGLAND
It Greinke-madness at miller park...coming to u live front the windy Yount lot!
Hi invite please! Thanks. Congrats on Cheers!
He's one of my favorite actors. What a boss.
Sent that last tweet cuz I was wondering if you're planning to study computer science.
to each his own. Damn eddy you're a character! Lol
2425+1rb chip...I'd like to hit a flop, please...
Pleased to report: with a lot of water and a pretty horrendous run, I'm good to go!
Setup PayPal to accept payment online, will see how much that helps with collections.
It's a boss meal, but eat a freaking sirloin or a NY Strip if you're at a steak house.
my luggage almost went to Nice a 2 weeks ago while in Frankfurt heading to Prague, have fun!!! want to go there to.
lost all my tweet-contacts!
RT : See gents, all it takes is a nice little run and the Garden will awaken
Where do you go when you're lonely? I'll follow you.
great show tonight, can't wait for the next one!
Social Media CRM, Social Media Dashboard & Social Media Visualization - Tools to help see how people are engaging with your org
It is the safest of times, it is the riskiest of times.... What the Dickens is going on here?~DMorrison-risk,quoted in Natl Acdmy of Science
You two awesome designers should meet irl sometime if you already haven't. :)
Yelling. It must be christmas. But i got new boots!
#ThingsLongerthanKimsMarriage : The amount of time to finish only 10 refinishing jobs.
Committed still. The guest speaker was dope today
pretty good(: u?
I find that consumer preferences on interacting with a brand via social media vary widely based on demographics.
& thank you <U+E404>
Win a XPS13 laptop OR a $25 gift card at 3PM by visiting our booth #1503 - "Integrating #Cloud Apps to "
Integrity Real Estate Partners recommends JR. Maintenance for all your light construction needs in Los Angeles and Orange County.
Drinking in my hood with !!!
then who do you care about?
i eat, live, and breathe drama.
Oh yeah, I forgot the #NSFW tag! My bad!
- word is that you can expect a more satisfactory "official" response from Dell soon Re: Copenhagen incident
Hahahaha! She is pretty awesome.
Good one.
doest seem like it at this point.
Reason 8 to love the BBA, we have a family environment: walk dogs, stroll children or do some family grocery shopping.
Aside from St. Patrick's Day, today is also National Common Courtesy Day. Be courteous to all of the Leprechauns today and buy them a beer!
I'll be home Tuesday. And I'll need a syllabus typed up. Btw, do you offer extra credit? And what are your office hours?
Thought I couldn't tweet for the rest of the game but I'd like everyone to know this #Arsenal game is taking years off my life!
Dis fa dem niggas who knock me but can't stop me !
Haha.. what's the best April fools joke he's played on someone?
Fill this elegant crystalline vase with flowers and make your mom smile on this special day. #Mother's Day
me too. Interactions change way faster than brands. Imo, interpretation is the brand.
The friend is the man who knows all about you, and still likes you
Haha. Pretty rad down here. Show's pretty much over, about to sneak up to Moe Bar for a drink.
Thanks Joe. Have a great weekend.
Great #health&wellness retreat with all of our Executive Directors this week in Cullowhee, NC, at NCCAT. Built to lead, built to last.
Boylan Heights VIP Tix Selling Fast..Will Sell Out...Get Tix (No Service Charge) or
Neva B Afraid 2 Fail Ryt In Pplez Faces. Failure Bringz Out d Tru Strenf In U-Provided U Stay Comited. B'sides, Human Memory Is Short Lived.
I CANNOT wait to see him at Bonnaroo! Twice: Singing & comedy!
no doubt!
im homew and im bout to go to practice come with mhe
pretty good :) I better see you this summer!! :)
may your neighbors respect you, trouble neglect you, angels protect you, and heaven accept you
Is this really an episode of dr.phil? Idgaf about your spoiled family, where are the drug addict 14 year olds and pervert fathers?!
the beginning episode is by far the scariest episode ever! Shaking in my bed sheets<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Making some great new connections at the reception! Getting to see a bit of Saint Paul, too. :-)
I get it heavy off the light mayne/
Low key. I can't stop singing it tho. That mess is catchy!! Lmao.
Ugh! frustrated with everybody... #PopulationONE!!
haha no... Im trying to not make fun of your hair any more but we could start saying roo?
Looking at TweetDeck as a replacement for Twirl
Standard for porn in the US is subjective and based on "local morals/values" according to the SCOTUS. Hard to nationalize on TV
Thank You For Everything Kidrauhl is trending(:
Confidence is the strain they can't wipe off.
Since I stopped smoking marijuana, everyone's been offering it to me, lol, when I was smoking, they were stingy as hell. lol.
2 more days! That's right 2 more days and then you will get your chance to dance! RSM Auditions this Saturday!! info www.rocksteadydance.org
Just saw Jessica Simpsons naked pregnant body-- and it's disturbing to be confronted with such a sight while buying coffee at the market.
it's a red(ish) blend. Very... earthy.
#IfMyDreamsCameTrue I would thank my lucky stars
"Lets talk Prunes!"...you go girl!
is on don't forget tonight BarTab and Q Crew Radio will be giving away COURTSIDE tickets to the Bulls Vs Heat tonight at Duffy's
Good morning #SanDiego - r u following r wonderful neighborhood ? If not us should be!
My. Throat. Hurtss.. Hate being sick! Wheres all my twitter friends at?
Anthony Davis wore a hoodie on Kimmel...a polo to Derby...we need to get this future millionaire a makeover.
Cutting is just something miserableb people do like me :(
can't get over this beautiful #weather considering the blizzard we had right around this time last year!
5 days of school and then #Summer2012 can begin.
preparing for a road trip filled with music...where will you be this summer?
I love calming people down from a major freak out.
ha! So true. It's all about the W's... And the $'s. How many schools can afford that salary? #NCAA is becoming the new
Ignorance isn't cute. Nothing hurts my heart more than smart people putting their head in the sand for the sake of their own comfort. SMH
Walked in with $3. Made $100. Left with $0. #Casinos are the Death of Me!
Why Is This .?
I just added new pages to our already LOADED & BLOATED Website, so check it out today & let me know what you think: # Join us EVERY SUND… #
MIGHT BE GLOOMY DAY BUT IT'LL BE A CHEERFUL NIGHT. RISE N GRIND TWEEPS!!
back from the cold North, but S.Florida is not much better. 24 scripts later, I think it's looking good. final decisions mid-Jan.
It is too cold in this house igot my house shoes on in bed wrapped in covers!!
what do you med to know about what?
Thanks.! Come back tonight for Art Walk. RT : Loved Miami design district
Hallucinogens...I need help new to LA/
up early and at dry cleaners when they opened, so no chat with Jameson this week... ps that was more fun than 7am :)
Woohoo! Go Wickets! They won! Congratulations ! I'm so proud of you!
Here we go
Lol, I was adopted by a white family.
Based on quality of the goals, incredible finish and atmosphere, the vs. match was best of season so far.
oh my gosh I bet. I see everyone doing it and I feel bad. I'm just free loading at home. Oh well lol. It's way cheaper than dorms.
Maybe I'll buy a ticket. I just wanna stick up on fish before moving to Reno. Gonna miss the hell out of it!
I wouldn't trade you for the world
I'm a little too excited to spend all weekend watching Harry Potter Weekend with my boyfriend.
Going to wait til traffic dies down from the graduation being over before I head out, $houtouts to all the Aggie graduates today though
Chillin listening to on youtube downloading the mixtapes and makin new cds to hand out around baltimore.
April Thompson works hard trying to flush out the poop bucket trouble today at 5 on
it was a horrible experience to say the least
Celebrate Nutrition Month at the Western Branch on March 26th at 3pm with edible art at Va Va Voom Veggies. Call 282-4639 for more info.
"you got it in your nose?" "Yes"
#noproblem RT : I'm the listing agent I'll tell the buyer's agent. Thanks
An interesting read. I just now bought the e-book. I've always thought of him as someone to be admired.
When shopping for home 5 years ago in north 'burbs of ATL, walking thru parking lot was like walking through yellow moon dust.
Was interviewed to be on a jury this morning. Very interesting character study listening to my fellow perspective jurors.
Thank you Cal Tort and your Willy Wonka of a soda machine for mixing orange Coke. It's the closest I'll get to Spezi.
Mental Note when one starts to feel like crud again.... shower
I love the speed, but the manually-operated doors, cash-only business, and literal ticket-punching all drive me insane in 2012.
I've said it before and I'll say it again: This Means War looks terrible.
Hard to take most of their advocacy seriously when gaining or holding power & their seats in high places bleeds thru all the orchestrations
I passed, but it was not easy & I can hear people speaking french & still don't know! I should take Spanish, I'm part Latin.
gotta save those for cheat days lol
My lawnmower is such a bitch sometimes.
Up late watching Eurovision 2007 from 's website, the year I first heard of the contest. Very cool (but I don't get the postcards)!
or do you hate me so much that hate turns away from hate and turns to worship me
Throughout these last few days, I've become so much more grateful for everything I have in my life
bwahahaha. skit of Obama & Biden
: I bet dad probably says he doesnt know them...
"The only limits in your life are those that you set yourself."
I wonder if saved any of her ridiculous eyeshadows from the movie?
Jordan only had 2 to's in that gm. Only 1 player has had a 60-pt gm with fewer to's: Tom Chambers, who did his 4 days before MJ's.
EW_3III so really you meant 5?
Tell me somebody just saw that fan at the Brewer Game
Mama B's class >
Twitter, Facebook, Pinterest...what's your favorite social media platform and why?
NP "Will Of God" Hezekiah Walker
and your arms ;)
#FF a few sponsors who made the Neighborhood Revitalization Conference a success, thanks!
OK People Its Time to Get Your Party Products for the Summer...
I love that Don's idea of "moon kitchen" is "interesting bowls."
thank god you're coming home, I NEED to see you. Ill tell you everything when you come, which is when EXACTLY
No prob. The 518 goes after "Obama" not before it.
chat up the game targets & get them to interact with u. once they do, they turn green and you move on to the next. see...
Thanks for the great tweet! Btw Nick says hello :)
Please are you really that out of it. try standing up for something other than party.
hows the new job
man I aint docksucking nothing :) but if u say so then I agree . And I already told your girl sorry twice
where are you watching the game?
Watching my Heat !
Any advice/tips about the Vinings area? That's where I'm looking right now.
hehehe I like hearing that
Because they are tasteless.
I've been on a steady diet of soup and been sleeping all day.. I better feel better tomorrow
Because I'm just really sick of being single. I was ok with it for a long time, but my contract on feeling ok seems to have run out.
Really sad i have no way to go to tonights show in Chicago :(
No bro, no.
- exactly. But in the post-steroid error, no one has more chance at success than a left-handed pitcher.
yes that was me. :)
Wowzers, the timing of when my kindle decided to break is quite inconvenient...
I love him:) and nick:)
so.. You stalk me? US?
me too!
and you're the reason for my life<3 i love you Austin!(: follow me?!*
watching #CNNdebate. Let's see how long I last...
I just found out I'm officially on page 72 of the Brewers 2012 media guide!
It technically is a Beta, but RED feels confident in it enough to call it the official firmware that comes on Scarlet.
Paper accepted, presenting at in November, now eating all the candy in my house.
Talented ? Amazing ? Cute ? Awesome ? Inspirational ? Perfect ? Crazy ? the best ? = Your name.
An electric eel can produce a shock of up to 650 volts
Chian See Tong we as the Y generation genuinely respect you.
Does anybody else imagine/think that #KrabbyPatties taste like In n Out burgers? That's the first burger that comes to my mind when I do.
I'm glad I got to see him today.
Facebook is like jail; you sit around and waste time, write on walls, and get poked by people you don't know...
And he scores his first big-league run.
Going to see the MVP play in MKE!
Don't know why the president presented a budget or why nobody voted for it. It seems like a weird procedural thing.
Floyd Money Making Mayweather bought out all the belts, a real negro stunting
My BFF loved my quote: "Don't worry about the past. Just know you're strong enough to deal w/ situations if they arise. So enjoy life now!"
Just helped some random stranded girl on her cell phone change her flat tire!!
Don't forget to set your clocks back an hour today. And while you're at it, send in that ballot too! #seattle #totv ^jh
lmfao i just saw half of Katy Perry's 3D movie haha
u got that shit??? How is it?
Yep, definitely don't miss getting up at 6am on Saturdays.
I haven't scrolled down my tl in a while lol
I cant take it
If pointing out a fact is sexist, then im guilty as charged. RT : that was sexist? Hmm
Hello, Jessica - I'm in the office today.You're on my list of follow-up calls. Would you like to have that chat?
creating a facebook event for #bikefuneral this weekend (yes there is a hashtag for that) if anyone wants to come, let me know.
No such luck yet with sun here in the SW -- could be closer to your 2 pm before we see the sun.
& they all look just the same...
he is about to be on s trillion!! Lmao
NP, Les, thank you! And I'd like to point out that I'm a proud WD subscriber (publisher by day, budding author by night!)
love your white pony tatt :)
Team note: RT : Atul Gawande: As individualistic as we want to be complexity requires group success. We all need to be pit crews now
#FF My ladies who make you beautiful!
For those who have posted the "code word" in the month of April, we will be announcing the winner soon here on FB!
i wish my first name began with a G middle name began with O and last name began with D
Good morning Tweeps!
United Stats of America, right now on History channel
I'd really like to stop throwing up.
Follow us! Maybe, you'll get a message that we would want you to have some of our clothing collection & a photoshoot!
Goodnight twitter,stay coo. God is Love
Today's Quote: "No influence is so powerful as that of the mother." - Sarah Josepha Hale
You are the eternal possibility, the immeasurable potential of all that was, is and will be - Deepak Chopra
Cleaning up the formatting of someone else's Word doc is both maddening and therapeutic.
well you didnt hang out with me... You fussed about being hungry, then left :(
Phone dead ugh
I don't know why #churros is trending but they're delicious. I actually have a funny story about them.
Yeah, you are smelly, goodnight boo, sleep tight see you tomorrow at 9:45 x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x x <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665> <U+2665>
You can't unsee something like that.
Phil now tied for the lead at minus-7 after birdie at 15; Freddie climbs back to 4 under after birdie at 12
Follow that dude Alastar
Lily Donaldson cut me in line at FedEx today but she's so gorgeous that I didn't care.
Im eating right now
ha! well said
Huh? He's snobbishly proclaims his admiration for them in Goldfinger and that they must be listened to with earmuffs.
Hats off to lawyers who make a difference with Congrats Scott Kotler
that's great though. And yes, they are an investment. BlendTec is less than a Vitamix, shorter but does the job!
“: anyone know of any black babershops in #Ithaca near ?” Lmboooo!
Got your record on repeat all day. So good.
RT ": KG: Whoever is writing the "old" comments, thank you. I appreciate it. Keep writing it. #Celtics #Hawks #NBAPlayoffs"
I haven't done anything all weekend except chill... And that's alright with me
This time next week ill be with my parentals and bruduh at the beach :)
Eating right isn't easy when you can't afford the 'right' food.
Been busy developing new menu ideas- stay tuned for some yummy seasonal selections! Place your EL order at www.EpicureanGroup.net
SXSW is in Austin, TX (like our studio!)
Now all Golden Bulls that are still in Charlotte make your way to Belmont Abbey. It's just on the other side of I-485 going I-85 South!
I love teaching acting almost as much as I love performing... I learn so much from helping others! What a great feeling!
They just played sweet Caroline at the baseball game.
Lmao no words
no more complaining about my phone. Finally got a new one
not a huge fan of the throne although it has grown on me I'm def feeling tha Carter more...let me know what u think
You can start making requests for Mojo TV starting very shortly!!! Go check out Mojo TV!!! :)
Again, we apologize for spamming all of our followers. If you received a DM that has a link & something about people talking bad, delete it.
Spurs fan right here <-- :)
We have floorset this week.
i did
RT : What are you doing for the special woman in your life this Mother's Day?
word up keep at it fam, just keep grindn I gotchu
some would say that's kinda fate? No?
chicken soup for the depressed teenage blogger's soul.
Get pretty busy today, need one more massage therapist to help.
Big game tonight #4 Marietta vs. #17 Wittenberg @ Ban Johnson Arena. #pionation is gonna be out in full force tonight.
thanks for listening!!!
Woohoo! Happy Friday! :)
you know it! Call us at 312.850.4667!
Super Discounted Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Lowest Prices Canon Powershot A2200 on Sale. Best Discount Canon Powershot A2200 For Sale. F
Happy Mother's Day to all the wonderful moms out there!
actually NOW im a casual gamer.. ive been competing for the past 6 years dude.. i just had a baby and know whats more important now.
#TheBestRapperAlive MAKE IT A TRENDING TOPIC!!!! ITS A GOOD ONE!!
Someone asked me if I knew you, it was sad because all I could say was, 'I used to...'
against a bottom tier team, with bottom tier talent. Hes good but I could proly get 20 at least on them...
; goinn' to the springfield mall with Ashton && her mom ((:
i hate storms. i hate storms. i hate storms. i hate storms. i hate storms.
“Beneath the makeup and behind the smile I am just a girl who wishes for the world.” - Marilyn Monroe <3
Choose the standardized test that best fits your child's style. ACT or SAT
Happy cinco de mayo
It begins in 3 hours. #Sycamores against SIU. 4 wins in 4 days! Let's go!
haha- I suppose you could have. But it's buried a few paragraphs down, so nobody reads that far anyway...
ok, not so secretly anymore.
she is playing ping pong so I guess when she is done we will head back.
you dirty, dirty thief.
All men are prepared to accomplish the incredible if their ideals are threatened. - Maya Angelou
David Cook does nothing but prove the ineptitude of Philip Philips as a star.
RT : Brava! RT : And check out 's energetic production if Love's Labours. My review in :...
#CelebApprentice is on!!!!
So annoyed right now. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Will the Bruins be playing "Black and Yellow" for the next 4 months until the start of next season?
So tired of sitting indoors all day
2 Kings 5 Sometimes what God wants you to do isn't the way you think it will be..but the results are healing, declaring: 'Go in peace'
hey big fan of ur music! I'd love to do a photoshoot of the band!
“ Education is an admirable thing, but it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught. ”
Clay Aiken is gonna lose it tonight!
Watching The Voice with Viggle Sun | 7PM | NBC
I'm Lowkey and I make moves discreetly! Some ppl may call me sneaky! *shrugs* idc I'm just DOING ME!
Just trying to do something with this band, but i guess im the only one!
U have the cutest sweetest little girls!!!
I retract my last tweet. This place is pretty cool
If I could make music for the rest of my life , I'd be the happiest person on Earth. No attitude. Just smiles and positive words - Zaona
Watching the Dick Van Dyke show
But what in the world would you wear on your date?
Go 2 heaven 4 the climate & hell 4 the company..
Truly delighted your film is part of the line-up.
You got this girl! Let this coming weekend be your motivation!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
ME :D
Talk about range ofcost/ pricing. Write arti les on cost. Price. Address concerns and fears directly
have yu fooled someone yesterdayy?? If yes wat was it??* :D
I'll run naked through the streets if The Blake Show makes the Finals
Ideal rally coverage weather! Warm enough to leave jacket behind, windy enough to get cool after laps around capitol with cam gear
Follow please?(: i'll chop your balls off if you don't. No, no. Jkkk.
Down to be yours.
cool! Im following you..deep brown eyes are upon you :)
We want to hear your opinions on Walmart's moving into LA Chinatown. Email
I Am Abomination, Close To Home, Call it Karma, and more tonight! Be sure to come hang out at The American Legion in Rochester. Only $10!
Thanks to , and for an awesome graphic novel panel today at the #LATFOB YA Stage today!
Tune into the right now! We don't know when Brian will be on so you'll have to watch every episode with us!
Who's got #Cincinnatitude today?!? We do! GO
looked like you all were having a lovely time.
Homemade chili and cornbread for dinner.
I wasn't referring to you...
a movie :D
This anti-immigrant movement is a coordinated nat'l movemnt started by Kansas' anti-immigrant sec. of state,
#YouKnowItsRealWhen they'll do anything or change just to see you happy
Just got a new iPhone & installed Didn't unfollow anyone and am glad I'm following everyone I'm now following!
help us RT #teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom.. Plz help us make this happen
NO. BAD!
good for you
(2/2) increases in our imposed (i.e. non-negotiated) context for past several years. No sign of that changing.
Have you ever had a bad reaction to ginseng? What's the right hashtag here: asking for a friend, or grasping at straws?
Dogs have been howling outside at the top of there lungs for the past 2 hours :(
what is this? i don't click hodden hyperlinks unless i know what it is
Only if you knew...
RT Mom's rules: beds are not made for jumping! Happy
William Bartholomew, this is for you... When are we going to start plans for D1 Fayetteville, AR?
the biggest tease. I miss you.
what u write on ur paper this time lmfaoooooo James should have wrote the date thing
So far, I'm finding this more of an advertisement for House Party than an info session on cultivating Brand Ambassadors.
Editorial Illustration
Scanner Monitor: Illiff and Revere injury accident
maybe call/online customer chat u can use to get assistance on driver problem -goodluck been there2!
Ugh is right. Sorry. :(
#nw pulp fiction
Listening to the thunder and rain.
I must admit it helped a lil bit.
why does LA always get all the attention? im thinkin...PORTLAND
Thanks and for taking me to the airport! See ya America!
This was a great weekend. Im stoked for summer!
aw you guys are cute(:
Thx so much for the RT!
The InterCon reminds me of Good memories here.
Oh so Lindsay Lohan can get on Glee but not Greyson?!
My Son Christian turns 21 in a couple of days... I'm feeling old...
screw prednisone and asthma.
Yes, there is one about the app but in some of those we have two tween kids and my youngest boy. So it confuses folks.
Thank you Todd, and sorry about the time. Rest assured that Santa will be nice to you this Xmas, you're a good man!
I follow everyone back :)
RT This Kreayshawn collab is the 1st 2 Chainz song I've bothered to listen to & it's really really really bad. He's hot right now?
Bummer for Gio Gonzalez
Yeah, i'm a bit of a diva. I expect BIG!
It's Parade Week! We are out and about dropping off media baskets to our great Milwaukee radio stations!
Don't let our lack of activity fool you! Big changes are under way, along with new music, and plenty of show dates! Stay tuned! :)
My mind is a weapon of mass construction.
RT : Tip: Do you think peanut oil is a nut oil? It's not! It's an edible seed oil! # RWtips
ok got u we'll we got a show at kennywood Park next tuesday so come by
i had a think-alike moment today with
Hahaha me and brother always cuss each other out.. It's kind of bad cause he's in 5th grade
I hate when females try ta "oh, thats my bestfriend" niggas that done had them!
tweet something, lovely Mia.
I know you'll still achieve so much. Hard to cut when you probably dream even bigger than you are now!
Did you know that bread, the world's most widely eaten food, has hundreds of uses? Stop in Firehook Bakery for a slice today!!
I sincerely love attempting to explain our recording process to a 78 year old deaf person... <3 bri
Watching the Blindside with mom and dad
Dallas Mavs are now my 3rd fave NBA team behind the Lakers and Clippers (tied for 1st)!
I know. Blame my dad lol
Abs fuckin hurt
David your right, apparently my acct was hacked! sorry for the previous message
American Idol AND Jersey Shore tonight! WHOOP!
+ =double launch Easter! Bold Faith comes full circle.
Both. We were mandated to temporarily leave.
that's the plan!
Lol !“: Life's to short to hide feelings. So don’t be afraid to tell people how u feel. You never know if they feel the same.”
you're awesome <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Can't help but wonder if Cynthia mistakenly saying "Charles Widmore" was a shout-out to #LOST?
STFU NOBODY ASKED YOU TO MENTION SO LIKE B4 STFU
please tell me some one was pointing a camera at this? :)
Off to do 2nd 80+ participants wkshp this week for tchrs of gifted. Can't wait to meet everyone!
Talent alone cannot make a writer. There must be a man behind the book...Ralph Waldo Emerson
Happy Bday Caroline! I love you for your smile, and everything! You are the most cheerful and optimistic person I've ever met <U+2665> Kisses!
<cont.> But I will once I get the account reactivated.
I've only watched the last season of the Bachelor for a friend. Now I'll watch one Bachelorette due to Title IX :)
you know it... It Just felt so good
We would not be where we are today without Steve Jobs' vision and creativity. So sad his genius has gone from the world.
Tx for #gaad support, #FF & kind comments , !
What app r u using to download?
Move over bacon!
I could watch that last TD all day. First playoff game of my life for the Packers and one of the best!
Plant the seed of desire in your mind and it forms a nucleus with power to attract to itself everything needed for its fulfillment. -
Great weekend! Take time after the game to plan tomorrow. Make snacks, set out exercise clothing, refill water bottles. Then grab n go 2mow!
Just met with ALLEN & GERRITSEN CEO Andrew Graff. Ranked #1 place to work by Advertising Age. Great growing Mass. company!
#tvwriterchat my first chat
my mom had to poop! This is not my fault...
follow me plz im too in luv
awesome i want to date u ?
"try out your voice"- big d
and my name aint bitch. thats your name and my name is nigga
Oh yeah!! RT Oh, and all you #indycar people in the house - say "yeah," - follow
what's ur gamer name on PS3? Mine is Xeroplayinn...send me a friend request or write back and I'll send you one! Go cats!!!
Rick Santorum appears on Leno tonight... the musical guest? OAR.
Epic fail CBS, Ashton is beyond terrible and you need Charlie.. bury the axe my dude, theres still time :/
RT : Same state. :) RT : Governor Christie just called crowd Milwaukee. Oops. You're in Green Bay.
Goal of the Day: Commit to separating your recyclables and putting them out for pick-up!
yes you is ;)
Danny Green, The Spurs and Tony Parker are all trending WORLDWIDE. Heck yes :]
Comment on relationships mapped on Gephi charts in Cur 175 @ #c21gephi. See display for questions. Looking for feedback.
Gallimard pays authors on list price, not net revenues. Makes the author more sensitive to sustaining a higher, sustainable price.
When did Ty $ Sign from Pushaz start playing for the Lakers ???????? With a Hill Jersey on ??????
You've got the right to remain silent. Anything you tweet will be misconstrued and used against you.
So he juss quit texting me? Man, smh all around! Boys.
Famous break up lines "its not you baby its me" o.o
Thanks but it not my birthday, it's my friend's Mine is in a few weeks and I wish it was my 30th!!! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
"a real man wears pink " a real man cries " BULLSHIIIT a real man knows how to treat a women with respect.
Google is truly an innovator! Check out the new voice search feature on on google.com. I've been playing with this all morning!
Dear Lulu, I LOVE TALKING TO YOU & YOUR ONE OF THE MOST EPIKK PEOPLE I KNOW~! i like your name. hehe. Tweet me! Love, Tatsiana
RT :Congratulations, Congress-you managed to piss off the nerds. May God have mercy on your souls - #stopsopa #stoppipa - > brilliant.
He's now at 528.
Pain, pain, go away, come again on Tuesday.
We have some great art pieces the store!!!
Sometimes the wrong choices bring us to the right places
You should register today: 50 bucks off!
I think that I watch House Hunters more than any other tv show... I don't know why, but it's very entertaining.
Just wanted to say you rocked the HOB tonight my cousin and i drove 10 hrs from ky jus for this BGN all the way kai
was amazing.
you too....i guess.
Congratulations to Kathy Bartels, Jim Todd and Jan Ciotti as Sales Associates of the Month for February!
Hi Zayn! How have you been?! :)
hey... You stole that one from Peter Griffin.
u don't talk to me on twitter I'm sad
It truly is remarkable the influence Steve Jobs had - rest in peace sir.
Yeah, started off slow tho.. NEVER forget the wings when Kyle's around... Lmao I got you. We bout to FEAST!!! :)
follow me mahone and
Rdj had his baby :)
amen! I'm counting on it. *pours another one*
Kobe Beef Corn Dogs or Slice of Prime? It’s savory vs. sweet today on our Facebook page.
Thanks for all the RTs!
I should be the one in her life, but she got away....
Winchell's donuts >>>
It might not happen after work, but it is too good not to miss. BRUNCH TIME!
. damn it hurts ! huuhuhu
A profound mind. :)
; we are going to let it show to the whole world, that I'm yours forever & you're my girl. . .
Tweeting warm Birthday wishes to ! Enjoy your day!
o.O why?
Dear santa, () I've been good all year ()OK most of the time () Once in a while () Fuck it I"ll buy my own shit
At the #Brewers game, almost fell over when they announced Michael Bowden was coming in to pitch for the #Cubs :)
Thanks for the mention.
Tonight was super fun at the dance then ice cream with some crazy friends(:
call us up! They are worth every penny! ;-)
Come on Stoke keep it in the middle of the feild please :)
Sorry to hear that. If not local artists, there are plenty of great indie artists with projects we can support on
i'm going to steal my aunts pup. she's adorable!.
Alex is about to feed me
That run on DT's sucked for the
6oing to Avengers in ETX with Wall to wall screens and 3D. My mind is ready to be BLOWN
welcome to my new followers please LIKE us on facebook
Officially in the mix of Hype Machine Mix Vol. 3 let's go!
Like to watch people get interviewed.
I feel like ima cry, lol
How can not have a girlfriend? oh wait, im his girlfriend ^.^! hehehehee!
Rushed to class and there's only 3 other students here.
Why is so much content is being dumped into kids brains, instead of having kids demonstrating mastery, purpose, autonomy ?
It's nap time, wake me up when it's snack time...
Had fun teaching my 6 year old daughter last night the ins and outs of spinnin' vinyls. she picks up fast. DJ MARIA in da house!
Photo shoot with the great Tekla Frates Today!
lmfaoo. They really should.
RevolutionBakry thanks for following The Hilltop on Twitter!
I know! I'm really surprised and kinda sad.
time change caught me off guard.
this weekend has been so great man
im proud to say that im one of the 12,960 that you are following(:
#hellskitchen sucks stop talking so much about it! lol
lol I know I know
Happy Birthday Texas… and thanks for all the great Texas products on sale.
A little more than a week till ski season baby!! I'll be spending a lot of time at Stratton this winter.
Entertaining new tattoo ideas...preferably some sort of celtic knot with my initials in it dangling in the middle of a dreamcatcher
Feels so good
Uh huh, counting your chickens before they hatch again huh? lol
What's everybody up to today?
The Crosby Show
I never doubted the both of em The World Is Ours
yah like a toothache. But a little further south
Two newborn shoots and an engagement shoot during the next 72 hours. I'm just going to borrow some of their happy...
Sounds like the same great place to live that I left over 1.5yrs ago:)
MY top Maryland athletes go in this order: 1. Cal, 2. Unitas, 3. Lewis. BUT THAT'S JUST ME.
nice! Your bro has great taste in music :)
dang you cant tell i dont know nothing about drinking lol
Nobody from maryville even knows who you are
you too!
My new year's resolutions include learning a foreign language (maybe Italian?) and work out at least 3x a week. Ready, go!
Homey game tourney starting ina minute
A-Rod ends the game! Sound familiar?
Thanks! I'm absolutely still tied into the outdoor industry . Just coming with an expanded arsenal .
it suck ass for real..
HEY! !! Julia P along with & our other songwriters are performing tonight at in NYC Tix $7 COME!
Watching Chicken Little #likeaBoss (:
RT : Almost warm enough for another backyard movie! <---- and some kickball!
About to ace this World History test though.
This is uh Roof....Shopp...Roof Shopping Kart
He's shacking up with Jada Pinkett Smith on some B-rated show..
What happens is not as important as how you react to what happens. ~ Thaddeus Golas
#raw10 I expected MADD Mothers Against Drunk Drivers 2 b all over Paris Hilton n Lindsey Lohan. Like PETA was on Michael Vick
since i cant find the beat and its so hot , why dont you post it . i know you still got it lmao
did the battered highway cone also have peroxide orange hair? that would just make the look complete.
You can't compare me to most niggas, because i'm not like most niggas.
i luv u your sexy, hot ,and scrumdelliumpous!!!!!(;<3
Fannie Mae added JPMorgan Chase to its list of largest mortgage servicers on track to receive top ratings in its review program.
I dOnT waNt No oNe ElSE In YoUr aRmS BUt Me <3
Sunday Follow Day RT
They won't shoot me.
I KNEW IT! Sag Here. We're the cool side of the zodiac! RT : I'm a #Scorpio through and through.
Thanks for the shout-out! Send all your amazing LA teens our way!
I never followed him to start with. I wait till they commit...lol
Hmm? I don't get it! I got pino folks who's Fam do it RT : You want some cake and a shot? #QuestionsAskedAtAFilipinoParty lol
Oh you have Twitter! How fancy. ;)
Can you inbox me your rate for a feature please?
Need to know where you vote? Go to SBE.Virginia.gov or call (800) 322-1144.
Love sunny days in the city!!! XD and..... Not havin to bring all of our supplies!! XD
UIUC is an example of a school that gets it rt. Lot of focus on info sci but acknowledgment that libraries are still a thing
I really am just beyond tired right now. I wanna go back to bed.
Really tired on this rainy Philly Day.
I run this lil white boy in class its kinda funny.
Rihanna's New Music video to her song, "Where Have You Been" is pretty hot...
Yes! The 4 of us need to get dinner soon, btw!
where would white castle fit in there?
my goal for the rest of 2012 is to put 100% more Vanessa Carlton into everybody's karaoke experience
was that Roaring rapids at Six Flags? :)
are you going to prom this year ?
it has been depresing :/
Kickoff ESPYS week in LA at the PLAYBOY MANSION with the All-Star Kickoff Poker Party. Email me for details and a sponsorship deck.
9/11 was an inside job.... www.infowars.com
Austin Mahone isn't just a name :) Note that
Prayers and condolences to the family of Andrew Breitbart.
that's a joke! LLN
missing my baby right now, have to do a shit load of art workk wish me luck tweetlingss<3
take sociology of food with prof Greenebaum you'd love it and she's awesome.
for goddamn sure <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Looking forward to the Le Pooch photo shoot for our staff tonight! Pictures will be posted on www.lepooch.net later this week! So Excited!
Hulk Hogan ???
Snapper Oscar with crispy seared red snapper, herb crusted crab cake over roasted asparagus & sweet corn, topped with old bay hollandaise
took ya long enough finally on that twitter! keep workin can't wait to see what you bring this year!
Donate Your Motor Vehicle To Car Donation Services For Everyone In Need
kinsman on her husband’s side, a man of substance, of the family of Elimelech, whose name was Boaz. 2Ruth the Moabite said to #Torah 26/9
just looked at the #packers schedule for the first time ...but to be honest they should go at least 14-2, another boring season
i'm trying to get motivated to do something useful today like setup my electonics bench in the basement and maybe put in an outlet or two
Take care Jon. I'm heading into central Phoenix like Clint Eastwood in "Gauntlet"…minus the hot girl and fortified bus.
HBO, Starz, Showtime, Cinemax, EPIX, HD Channels, all free with DISH Network for a limited time. New Mexico Satellite Man - 350-6428
Snake bitten Badgers lose to the clock again.
Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity.- Irving Kristol
#oomf goes to sleep fast nd I still be up bored
#OnceUponATime finale!!! Ah it's already so crazy!
haha watching tv waiting for the abdc7 episode ^.^
amazingly, this is somehow my first time!
GROW up
What a beautiful Waltz from ! Why he's great? He's *actually* leading, not just doing steps. Go, DD!
I'll help! Have a great day! I am a Texas girl too ;) Like the hat in your pic Hookem' horns!
Tune in next Friday when Chris Sale moves to left field!
it's weird to think that i dream about so many random people. i wonder if anyone dreams about me.
I would gladly try it out if my university would buy one for me. As an adjunct I don't get the goodies!
Church ! Lord please excuse my recent absences =\ I'll be there today though .
So excited about new high stakes poker! However, I want Norm McDonald out and Gabe Kaplan back
Gearing up to record again! We have about 6 new songs we are excited for everybody to hear!
Who is Derek holland kidding with that moustache?
It is fabulous!! and yes it is, thanks for asking!
Imagine there's wall at Syfy w/ names of animals, natural disasters. Throw darts --> get next movie title
DM me your email addy and I'll send you what I have. I didn't think I was going to get booted, so I didn't save the entire thing
Sick....RT : Watching the POV shots in this video reinforces the fact that I will never be a viral web sensation trials......
sorry no parts today someone got to me and now im just HEATED so sorry if i disappointed people more parts tomorrow
Tom Wilson~ Honesty is the best image.
We got haters, but we never stopping! Only growing!
: 90% of mental health patients receive incomplete or inadequate care.
Oh, I'm watching the finale too.
ATL let's work
i thought we had a chance without Rose....i thought everyone else would step it up and do their thing but nope....smh
I started using it yesterday. I do feel hip.
Happy drinks for happy time: $1 small sake, $2.50 small beer & $5.50 sake bomb. Comeon in;D
I think you need to reread :-) More than 20 minutes every day.
that must be nice
<U+2764> GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!<U+2764> #ILOVEYOU <U+2764> GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!<U+2764> #ILOVEYOU <U+2764> GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!<U+2764> #ILOVEYOU <U+2764> GOOD LUCK AUSTIN!<U+2764> #ILOVEYOU <U+2764>
What is life really about? Never give up on your dreams.....
Ooh, and I like the daily backups! Thanks for the rec!
Thanks to the stupid teacher who fucking reported me for skipping when I wasn't there for the WHOLE FUCKING DAY!
Bakery Sandwiches are here! Stop in and try Ham & Cheese; Turkey, Cheddar & Bacon; Chicken Salad; and Tuna Salad bakery sandwiches!
nope about my guy drama and damn it helped soo much!
Do any standout articles on Arachne in Ovid's Metamorphoses come to mind?
Yay! Let's go Blue!
oh yeah! Forgot about that. Fun times
Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work Work
Sat apr.10th UFC 112 Dos Gringos Chandler, Alma school S.of Warner DJ DBX on the 1's & 2's See ya there Peace.
Dora and Stewie must be cousins, just look at their heads! Lmao
Of course
Worst day of my life today.....
will do!
UK baseball in the latest polls: Collegiate Baseball - #2, Baseball America - #4, USA Today/ESPN Coaches -
Today : reflecting on principles for learning/assmnt & students' writing; workshopping curric maps.
Cider Minutemen, Assemble! Our launch party at Tria is occurring March 27th, 2011. Time TBD. Stay tuned for details!
Last night he had no plan, except take a beat down!
Let the peeling festivities commence... #leopardstatus <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
RT : AND, tonight, celebrate Community's unschedulization with the least accessible, least marketable episode in its alienating...
We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.
": So sad my mom did not want to go to red lobster today <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>" Who doesn't want to go to red lobster!?!?lol
Don't be. I'm the last person anyone should be jealous of.
That'd make sense!
Thanx for choosing Stadiumred to kick off the madness. Congrats!
Good night for a pot of homemade chili.
Exactly MT : this is part of frustration. 1 generation clings 2 unfunded pension boosts & throwing next gen under bus.
love it. Have fun!
very disappointing. I still love my Phaedra tho:-)
Happy Monday folks. Go be fabulous. I'm off to Raleigh, NC for my first visit.
Heading with & fam to the last showing of at the 10:15 AM. Come see & spread the word!
Do you have to wear a swimsuit to a pool?
ughh im so mad!!! i cant log on to facebook cuz it say my account is disabled... WTF this is bull shit ...ugh
Lovin Sundown live -- thanks for the extra live tracks on your CD! It is incredible! Looking forward to seeing you on tour
u playing this country shit....& viben , .. I'd rather go blind
nada just bored.
LIFE=BASKETBALL BASKETBALL=LOVE LOVE=FOREVER <3 RT IF YOU AGREE TYLER
How did Time Magazine miss you?????
shh! Don't tell anyone that I get excited when people tweet me ;)
why would you even think about them dying?// awkk. :(
reflection on the prof? :-)
Did someone decide that twitter is a good place to find new customers, starting today? Is it something I tweeted? Seeking sales-free space
because. And im not judging your every move. He's no very nice
Just wanted u to know we are behind you 100%, unfollowed Current, you were 1st person I ever followed on Twitter best luck!
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY to the Burton Historical Collection at the I'll visit to celebrate. What should I learn about?
Last chance to donate a #prize to #Festivus! Email
haha he does! but he dont like me :P #ohwell #lifegoeson but hes still a cutie pie <3
Too too kind Meghan - thank you!
That seriously just made me cringe. Ew!
: I like that take on it. Boxes to me should function more like fluid orbs.
you picking up the GF pie from Za or from a GF specialty shop?
about what ... I forgot what you said
Tomorrow should go by fast
It makes Papa John's and Louisville Slugger Field that much nicer RT At least we can agree it was a dump
Great day skiing at #Vail! #ABasin tomorrow then back to DC.
M... The Turkey Lurkey Gobbledy Goodness meal is right around the corner! See ya tomorrow, the dinner is right after church!
The bones of a prehistoric mastodon were discovered 50 years ago in Sussex County, N.J. - Almanac April 30, 2012
As if my 3 barking dogs and blind "yelling" cat weren't enough, I guess the frogs are back. So quiet and peaceful around here :/
": Derrick Rose is an empyrean mercenary, sent by sporting Gods to rid basketball of banal mediocrity with his omnipotence!"
We dig ur profile hero. Way 2 support
Playing two games at once and twice second place
Gonna go into Jefferson tomorrow to go see my favorite teacher. c":
Today 1847: Voters reject proposed state constitution. Sticking points were property rights of married women and black suffrage.
really? I couldn't find it. Facebook was pretty elusive too!
ohh okay haha yeah I have my project due monday...I havn't even started it and today is my only day to work on it! ugh
Don't you just love being assigned more than 3 hours of homework? It's funny how much #sarcasm was in that sentence.
Headed to St. Mary's Roman Catholic Seminary tonight to preach for a service during the week of Christian unity.
way to come back usa!
not this time
Crying watching our Black boys talking about their experiences of being Black.
oh familiar w some of them- great people! U get lots of wonderful support from them I am sure :)
Good exercise! In super-diverse San Jose, we stuck with square dancing, for some reason.
How many of you still enter data and transfer information manually for your business? STOP. Geniustream can streamline it with software!
Love those winning, post season playoffs by jets...
omg why are you so excited..
Soccer? NYSA out on two rivers?
must be wisdom teeth season! Mine are driving me crazy too!
PIKE did the most butt shaking
Breaking News! Punxsutawney Phil, after seeing his shadow, announced that he is going to #SpeakingOfFebruary4th to beat the winter blues!
Best review of my recent piece: I am said to be heralding the coming Borg age by saying soc media is inescapable
"#Obama Rails Against #Bailouts in Speech Defending Auto #Bailout" a humorously titled op/ed by Peter Suderman about the State of The Union
Pourin gin in my trippy cup
"The Revolution is not a cow."
Thank you! Yes maybe it doesn't need to be all or nothing. I'm thinking on it :-) Kuddos to your work for hsoting the class
weird thrift store items? I buy that. git repos at work? I pull that. Petroleum, matches, your rhymes? I BURN THAT!!!!
"You have a duty not to tolerate the poor performer, a duty to the performers." Peter Drucker
Stand up if u want a stronger life!
Thanks for the Rdio tip. And they say Twitter profiles are always the last to go.
Howard Stern has still not apologized for yanking our bit! The WAR on STERN is heating up!
We can draw up your legal documents so you can rest well assured your future is secure. www.thompsonlegalfirm.com
Off work...in Delia's with my mama n little sister...
old Eli needs to ram this one home.
If you have to resort to bonus pay, that administration, those teachers need to be replaced - teaching should be pursued as an OATH.
A friend would hold your umbrella in the rain. But a best friend would take it and say "RUN BITCH RUN!" I thought of you(x
Me and the homie Mono watching the celts game talking about the Jordan days. Good times.
the whole film is where you tweeted it actually. I don't know of a series.
JZ couldn't make a putt last week to save your lives. He is HOTT today. We are scrambling us two -1 thru 22 holes.
Shorty said to the girl with the huge rump "I'm glad my boyfriend is not here.....walk on b*tch" lmao
the baby talking by the child mother on 16 & pregnant might kill me.
Radio host Tony Katz to AFP: confronting the occupiers, those evil elitists, that's how we win
Happy Friday everyone! :o)
frustrated. so damn frustrated.
I'll do my best
Dining Room Set Table + 4 chairs !!! $ 279.- HUGE FURNITURE SALE !!! 12.31.2010 IS OUR LAST DAY !!! www.tinyurl.com/elegantlivingfurniture
Enemies, as well as lovers, come to resemble each other over a period of time.
He better pass us thou!
Love that ! Keep filling up those speaking engagements!
Im so sick of people judging me and making me feel bad
Based upon previous comments this must be a new app.
Congratulations!!!! Proud of you!!! (:
Publish on a dedicated bookshelf carousel for one, ten, or 100's of your titles at Web-e-Books. Read on virtually any device.
this drama is not worth it...
People need to chill about the new #Facebook timeline- in two weeks you will forget what the old one was like
awhh :( sorry to hear that
he was so amazing :)
I highly recommend that you check out Dani Johnson "The Secret Millionaire" Go online or Go to facebook & like her page. It will like U Back
The friends you thought you had have replaced you with the person they talked bad about most.
To answer a question I get about every hour: YES Drake is sold out. YES I will give out more tickets. Better be following me! Goodluck
Yep. :( But he'll come to Germany One Day and i still believe! <3
Knock knock
Planned our end of year event for Oz land today. Excited but sad too :(
Check out FarxFarout .. and The Bellmen will be playing there.
I want to watch netflix with my boyfrend and just cuddle. That'd be great.
": So it looks like its NYC for my bday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>" when is your bday
Can u plz follow me, I'm friends with Kevin
Pretty sure that was a fan giveaway sometime this season....
Hi : ) Done twittering for tonight ~ take care!
“Being happy doesn't mean that everything is perfect. It means that you've decided to look beyond the imperfections.”
But this is at IVD & cheaper.
(jen) My phone's been syncing for the last two hours & I have a conference call in twenty minutes. This does not look good.
Tancredo is following Dylan Thomas' advice, "Do not go gentle into that good night." Now he has a radio show. Please, Tom, just go away.
a misappropriation?
they don't look like they have any social going on....
Kevin S. settled his case for $15,000!
only one? Fooled me.. lol
haha i admit! way better ;)
I be lookin pregnant as hell when im full
Ktea has launched their 21 organically brewed flavors of tea leaves. It is time to get excited! Enjoy! Healthy Living today and forever!
How do I always manage to end up next to the loud gum chewer
I think I smiled during my entire run this AM :)
We is?
I AM YOUR BEST FAN IN CHILE, Follow Me Pleasee oh Please ! :D :D :D 15
So what if #Newt had 500 thousand Tiffanys jewelry fund. No big deal. America saw him as Speaker. No worries about candidacy 4 pres.
New approach to teaching Excel. Created Yahtzee scoreboard, wrote formulas. Playing the game next class. We shall see...
I know - sorry! By the time computer updates finish I had to drive to a meeting :-(
Can't wait for 's album.!
By the way....shouldn't Earth Day be taken a little more seriously? Most of the other holidays would even exist without this ol' rock.
Plz RT : Any NY actors having agent pains?
Very true. Students tend to like the relaxed atmosphere of the library. To know you will graded, adds a lot of pressure.
Oh boy, I have to get back to the ancient artwork animations. This particle collision physics wears me down. It's too theoretical...
Call yourself a writer!
Happy Great Cloth Diaper Change Day!
You already know! That's my dude!
#DoritosFlavor Charlie Tuna
I am no, Directioner, but Zayn is CUTE <3
did you go to OLQP?
the women on the show are pathetic how hard is it to make a fire
Favor can accelerate your destiny. Joseph went from the prison to the palace..
No No no no
Hittin' the gym
Dolphins not expected to trade up for Tannehill
aye dm me right quick
Just read the JS article. Nice picture!
Hot as fuck >.<
FM: You don't need referrals to make money
iite bet bro and how long ya'll in town cuz i have a big show next month
he knockin on the door dont let the devil IN!!! RT : Talking to the holy ghost, in my Bugatti .
"You have to walk your cat, Mark."
' I love my baby , yep yep I love my boi!
you sent me the name yesterday! Plus, I'm nosy ;-)
SO TRUE! RT : #Aquarius are the easiest people to make friends with but probably the hardest to really know.
Since school is canceled i will spend my day laying out :)
Missed this earlier—congrats on the new job. I'm an fan
you got me to download gif boom! It changed my life ahaha
Wish this semester would be fxckin over already. worst/hardest semester by far.
Be yourself, but be your best self.
Doing my best impression of a poorly driven helicopter running the mike at #casesmc :) Getting a workout, at least!
Listening to #SAYSOMETHIN just turned my whole day around see what you can do;)
my computer's broken. i can't go see the iconic boyz. my parents are yelling. i don't want this life anymore....
What a busy day today. A festival from 10ish until 2, Then a gig in Land O' Lakes, Then demonstartion of a few feats at a hookah lounge!
thanks! glad you liked the show!
I am a dirty dirty boy
No Lie Getting More Anxious To Go To The July 3rd Mets Game n After Fireworks <3 Perfect Way To Start Forth Of July Weekend. <3
google app engine
I think i'm gone get me a craig sager suit
Both went to Tilton High School. RT #BBN we needa get to join !! Show him love !!
Brains not just in her shoulder pads!
The most beautiful hair is obtained when you walk in the morning to brush your teeth and stick hair, so they do not interfere
Gosh, thanks so much!!! :)
same bruh living takin it one day at a time u kno.... imma email u guys some pics tonight as well
I am a Lady!!
"Twitter is stressing out a bit right now" TF o.O Twitter tryna bullshit me..
How was the show this past Sat. Did you recover?
AAHHHHHHH That's even cooler!!!! Congrats! I'm proud of you!
this the producer of the group But we been doin this since like 2001.. download that album let us know what u think..
true. But they are making a huge mistake here. Not a Teerhar fan but this is a major downgrade.
finally in my bed, it's been so long
If I did you'll be the first to know. But what are you looking for?
Comedy is truth viewed through a funhouse mirror.
Damn, Nominee Michelle Williams is a total RC disappointment
RT : Mark your calendars now... the next #MkeMvc meeting will be on 5/19 (a Wednesday) at 6:00PM Topic will be "Better MVC with IoC"
You watching this?! Brown needs to stress a THREE! Come on boys!
Congrats- BIG accomplishment. Take heart on 1500 cuts - if Tchaikovsky can do it, you can too. He was ruthless in his edits.
Frustrating......not over yet
And she did that shit for a lil ass nigga ..
You're the best!
On my way to Nat Geo filming reppin Music is a Weapon and wearing my dope bracelet from da Green Mile Co.
The Avengers movie is by far the best super hero movie I've ever seen!
Meeting up with the boys Tonight.
When I was 14, I wanted to be a gogo boy. Last week I saw chubby gogos @ the Eagle & b4 that chubby gogos @ MJ's. How do I get to do that?
Cinderella tonight at Opera Colorado!
Nobody's perfect but your perfect for me #coleworld gotta love J
thank you<3 I think I'm going to stay home from school.tomorrow haha
How about next time, you learn to fucking read and not tell someone to "calm the hell down" because you misread a tweet.
it ruined it for me when I found out she wasnt a guy.
Yay! I am glad you are enjoying them!
having yet another GREAT day!!!
#speakloudly against the banning of a book about rape because someone thinks a rape scene is "pornographic", sp. L.H.Anderson's book Speak.
Midtown Live presents PARTY ON THE PATIO...Concert Tonight at Losers Bar @ 6:30PM
Bitch cmon in.
preciate it g.....i swear its on its way bruh swear!!!!!
can I watch
Happy Monday, I have your document - so sorry I had to work all weekend - I'll get my comments to you ASAP!
Thank you. I have not laughed this hard in a very long time, although I am not sure I should find it funny.
Ya I hope people being vocal will land on ears & put those types of people into play !
RT BREAKING: Romney wins New York GOP presidential primary
ohh and lols she was telling me something about her sis did she tell u?
“: Trying to kick this cold's ass with every trick in the book. #hatebeingsick” Let me know if u find something that works.
Nah, I'm pretty anti-meds myself. Gotta b on death's door, but I don't play w/antibiotics.
I offended you with my opinion? You should hear the ones I keep to myself.
I just saw the dude who plays Prince Edward's sidekick in Disney's "Enchanted" riding in the back of a beemer
it was uh-mazing! There were insane amounts of people, but i was sneaky and got about 3rd row! They were there with colbie
it's like that?
I need a ride to school. Someone pick me up. I want food. -- basically Chaz's tweets
Fun! What did Kelly Ripa have to say?
Lol here comes the hack-a-clipper
this bieber babydaddy thang is HILARIOUS. someone needs to scrap book all the crazy comments
ok picture changed. :)
Don't be the last to get a copy of Passion 101 at www.CDBaby.com/rshamar2. Support a friend and fellow worker of empowerment
Lights will guide you home & ignite your bones & I will try to fix you.
What are YOU doing on this rainy day in MKE?
Moving in a thunderstorm HAS to be some kind of bad omen.
you always are ;-)
JR Smith needs to draw the charge on that play...very poor defensive play.
I gotta get my Assz moving got a shirt to make for my barber he needs it for Thanks Giving. It never stops and the BEAT GOES ON "n" ON n ON.
Swaggin out in my zone. Swear I'm swaggin out in my zone.
Ya twice. However, the return did not say that you were over quota...
there's plenty of laws of general applicability that work with whatever tech. They tend not to be "tech laws"
I'll be there! Would love to meet up!
Come here rude boy, boy.
my computer and it tells me later the dog could not be synced because it does not exist loool. Pisses me off.
Snow storm = canceled book club. Also, kahlua cake all to myself.
DROP IT TO THE FLOOR MAKE THAT ASS SHAKE, WHOA MAKE THE GROUND MOVE, THAT'S AN ASSQUAKE.
Clackamas County and Southwest Portland events roundup: festivals, farmers markets, carnival
GOOD MORNING MY SUPERSTARS!!!TGIF
Hey thanks for the follow! Enjoying your city this week.
Happy Friday! So happy it's the weekend. I need a break- more sleep, more sleep, and yeah, more sleep.
Us too! Welcome aboard!
hey whats up
I love / hate track love it cause it's fun hate it cause I'm soar
love you too and it off
Here we go again :(
is gearing up for a close out show for Next Big Nashville. Plan on spending the late night Oct 2nd at Mercy Lounge!!
...and the many from the Clay City community that have given to this missions/relief project.
Reverse and Reduce Welfare and Entitlements: Serve the Poor
don't be talking about the 3rd floor suites now ha.
useful info !
One thing for sure about people who deceive and use other people; it only a matter of time before their true nature comes to surface.
yeah we will!
who does he think he is?
At BlueFrontCafe on Haight for a great breakfast - and doing some work emails! Free wifi is always a good deal
David Boreanaz Settles Creepy Sexual Harassment Suit
Please tell me this is an April fools joke? #Rutgers should spend the $32k on security to keep her AWAY from the students.
If you go to that, tell him Scout from MY FELLOW ASTRONAUTS says hey!
Rhubarb by Aphex Twin is a great way to spend eight minutes of your life.
dont act like you have any power in my camp witch
but I also hate non-product placement like in Big Bang Theory where every label is fake. it's distracting.
Totally bawled while watching this week's Biggest Loser.
Delicious fish tacos for lunch !
#ThingsICantLiveWithout my dad... R.i.P :(
it was packed !
Hi Shellie! Do you know if anyone in Denver, CO teaches Taebo classes? I'm 17 weeks preggers and looking for postnatal wkouts
Grand Time @ Church Sunday as a son n ministry came home 2 preach. 9years ago a student at the ITC 2day a Pastor in Orlando,FL. Well Pleased
haha it was raining hard on Sunday and today!! grr... i only like rain when i get to stay home all day!
Sometimes, when I have the perfect coffee buzz on, I feel absolutely unstoppable.
Happy Mother's Day!!! Drink wine with your MOM, she'll love you for it.
Pinwheels are gay.
Perfect! Will keep you posted. Oh, and I'm CAS '98.
of course ESPN didn't say anything about #cuse when I was at the gym an hour ago and had access to TV. damn you, life w/o cable!
For the record, if u use #YOLO as an excuse to do the wrong thing...u might as well fuck someone with AIDS. Now that's really
"Its like the end of the titanic!" "its romeo and juliet...?"
Let's talk about how I'm sick again. Yay?
waa waa I just want my jumping around in the search field to stop & the designers to start adding comments!
i dont hate its just for dbags #goldenteeis4dbags can i please get a free9
No disrespect intended, but I can't resist: the current guest sounds EXACTLY like Will Ferrell's impression of Harry Caray.
I had supposedt it was merely delayed. Thought they would get to me later, and then later, and then later. Nothing.
yea same here..! you work this wknd??
Kinda quiet so far...still unemployed. Miss you.
Text received: "You'll never believe this… But that bitchy oboe girl that caught on fire is here and we're in the same room."
"And I will always love you" Reminds me of that girl off Youtube..That cant sing that and gets made. LOL I'll share the link.
#askaaron Should an opposing defensive coordinators rule # 1 be: don't kick it to ?
Keep us around! We're a fun loving bunch! Plus, we'll make sure you're the 1st to see our new look in 2 weeks
Phew - good to hear. You're totally welcome. We do what we can. Now study up and get some shut-eye.
boo WHO?
I don't! Every time I make it, I use a new recipe and haven't found one that I really find incredible. Stay tuned?
Today, a homeless man screamed "AND NOW FOR THE GRAND FINALE!" and then pulled the emergency brake on the 6 train. MLINY
Cesar Izturis is smooth... It's as if he's auditioning.
send me yo email n a message & here ma number hit 209 475 2422
I already think I know who's gonna die I think its gonna be derek and the alpha!
thanks for the note! It's true!
Haha good one! Will you be watching on Thanksgiving Day for the broadcast of the National Dog Show?
Im full as shit
nope i cant be
I'm a winner
How about another Minecraft code folks? Congratulations to , have fun!. One more to go a bit later on tonight!
This weekend we'll be at the NYC Anarchist Book Fair, stop by and say, 'hi!'
The firat 10 people to mention me wil get DMs to any celebrity you want...(:
I highly recommend a visit to Schnebly Winery in the Redland "the Southern Most Winery in US". Lychee wine, my favorite wine in the tasting.
where my food? Lol
Tax Day Relief - come in for lunch today from 1130am - 300pm and get 35% off! Must use password: "REFUND"
I lose followers like its my job.
oh, the Flyers gave up a crucial goal when the opposing team was offsides. Hm.
I'm Getting Tired Of Having To Prove Myself Because Of Someone Else's Mistakes. Do You Realize How Hard That Is. # Whatever.
I'm so furious at Congress I'm going to take that fury out on organic heavy cream and make fresh butter.
I DK WHO DEE IS. PUT ME UPON IT
Look how happy we are! RT : : Cheers #Triveragirlslunchout :) http:/
my collection is pretty big also I've be collecting sense 93 I've got a ton of things I bet you don't have don bee bee card
we're heading to cc...join us?
ha no way
will be back to work on Monday after 5 weeks off
Lost! One-eyed orange male, senior cat in the Lawrence area! Please help reunite him with his family!
I've always preferred OCTOPUSSY to THE MAN WITH THE GOLDEN GUN. And now, after seeing them both tonight...I still do
Can you say....epic poker night!
is choking down a "smores" flavored protein bark. Bleh.
It's Peanut Butter Jelly Time :) *giggles*
“: I have certification from FISAF ” How did u decide which cert to pick?
Cell phones definitely help ease the pain that is the DMV!! Thank you temple run.
Not really sure when it became 1:30 in the morning ..... running on E
What did 'we' learn? RT Westy learned the hard way. As did we all.
Okay, folks. Once school starts, it's on like Donkey Kong. Research and writing...I have to DO IT.
New job makes me so happy :)
Mumbling the bits of a song then belting out the CHORUS WITH ALL YOUR HEART :)
that's awesome! Big blockbuster sci-fi movies are my guilty pleasure.
Shut out for the 16th time. There is nothing to get excited about watching the Padres. So disappointing.
I live a dream.
On 2 the afterparty place ...the night just started !!!!
Erin, Thank you for the retweet! - Mark
Happy Anniversay to my WIFE Shannon( five years an still going STRONG) ILOVEYOUXOXO
Helping some professor friends (old like me) set up Personal Learning Environment structure/tools; high leverage learning to learn activity
Sunday has a way of making me incredibly lazy
prove it
Please tweet at every conference I go to. Thanks for all the reading materials.
Barack LOVES being in Hawai'i!!! He says that the Japanese hotties with the clear heels are his favorite!!! Whatever that means.
I think we're in Jersey
#MUSICNEWS Kylie Minogue forgets lyrics at London show
It has become increasingly difficult for me to ignore the fact that the universe is looking out for me. Thanks Oh Celestial Wonder
where are you :(?
fucking sick at home on a friday while cam has his freshman girlfriend over.
Pig Highway, Puerto Rico here we come. It's Lechon-licious! W
If you can do this as well as dealing with early pressure and cheese it will take you a very long way
how much u Tryna pay?
People type so fast!!! its so hard to keep up!!!
And the same blessings to you!
Well today was my last day at AlysEdwards... I am very complete and satisfied. The transition went smooth and everyone is taken care of fro…
More communication keys from : Be brave & redo hurtful moments. Be kind & let people try again. Assume the best
yeah he trippin. Whats up with the black stuff he talkin bout??
happy birthday Debby
Good luck, Ginny! RT : Done with college! I have loved my time here at #BU with Can't wait to take my next steps. =)
Happy Valentine's Day! What's your favorite classic love poem?
Sitting By Joy During Testing Is Priceless Iam A Ass Bruh :)
Natalie did good on limo? :D natalie did good(:
q opens tonight!
wow . Lol . Always keep that monkey. Im glad u still have it. Tell ur sister i said hey. And i miss u guys!
When choosing between popular & right choose the 1 which will allow you to face the person in the mirror.
you can come spend Christmas with me!
Dancing with the Stars and a new season of The Bachelorette best monday ever!
Now that the first round of holiday eating has passed, use moderation as the key to get you through the new year!
yeah, that appeal scene is jive. Very jive.
Not happy about the game 1 loss last night but moving on. Looking for a Site Manager / RN Manager for NY/NJ.
fav quote of these playoffs "first of all, you don't smoke peyote" -
Your health is important! Heal, love, live...
. just seeing your last message. No worries. Glad you found it useful. I'm always looking for analysis/story ideas...
RIT looks fantastic. Up 2-0 after the first. The best 20 minutes of hockey they have played at Ritter this season
i miss you DMB!
Key to a Twitter strategy is developing a personal voice -- not sounding like a machine
because I love the brits Um... Sorry -_-
Thankful for another day of life.
Agreed. Nice meeting you FTF.
twitter is the shit!
The way people spell things these days just makes me wanna slap them !
Reading all the thinly veiled racist comments on Facebook page make Parkville seem downright colorblind.
A brothers debt, is a brother's life. I am my brothers keeper
How can I stay positive about DRose after reading about your experience? FML.
I hope everyone has a good and safe 4th of July :)
Lol when someone follows you, you follow back, they unfollow you, you unfollow them, then they follow you again. WE'RE NOT PLAYING TAG
hey I never met you, & this is crazy. But you follow me so thankyou baby. ;)
Thanx for sharing!! Missed this presentation...
Finally a bio I am fully satisfied with: "A Creative Craftsman, Engineer, & Artisan." That's totally me & I'll end it with that note. Night.
Facebook will make more changes next week so spread out the anger.
What we do in life echoes in eternity
The new Naruto opening for the war arc. So cool! <3
hehe jah I would also really love my new york I stirred <3 :)
Damn you and your uncanny ability to post pictures of beer that looks so delicious. A pox on you, sir.
Draw Something should be renamed as Communicate (methinks.)
Time is Gold , children are my heaven
What's your favorite cafe in #paris ? We know, we know, how can you choose just one? 1st one that pops into your head - GO!
Yes really! You brighten my day.
Thanks J Christine! I sincerely appreciate the kind words, I look forward to following your tweets.
Don't know of anything per se, but Sticky Fingers @ Bar Smith every Friday night always pops off. Will research my friend!
Or if you're sexy
Nice read on an interesting nuance associated w/ the license streamlining...
and most adults loss there inner child and all creativity
#BoyzHitMaryland .. My god why are are Hitting her ouch
Duly noted. Thanks.
Playing Fez: I've collected more than enough cubes to do whatever I was supposed to do. I have no idea what that was, though.
Did we really need a Newsweek poll to know that the U.S. is divided by race?
how many times is #mattkemp going to make baserunning errors? does he really, genuinely NOT care about the game?
did you seriously say you aren't hot? -.- you're beautiful and perfect! #askniall its not a question but yeah... Hehe
Hey another great Thusday morning, how is everyone? Have a great day and hope your dreams come true today.
Sounds even more exciting than the TV Guide channel, or as I call it, "the channel channel"
Everybody wants to be told they have an "interesting personality", but nobody wants to be told they have an "interesting" face.
"I'm just an old dog looking for a porch to call home."
Ilyasova with the put back! win!!
Sweet! Thanks for visiting us. What did you have? RT : Lunch!
Which muppets?
People might want you to be a certain way. Forget it. Just be you, that's the best gift you can give to yourself and others
Getting busy down here.....come enjoy your Labor Day Weekend with us, the drinks are ready to be served!!
I WALK ALONE!!!!! RT : so John Cena is gonna have a next opponent. If its a past star, I'm not gonna like it. lol
One hour until #YPNChat. You still have time to submit a question! Topic is 'Next Step in Your PR Career' with
Con't - Don’t bite the hand that feeds you. How is that for Bad Medicine…?
Jets are at my work and I wanna watch them take the fuck off.
My mom just booked my plane ticket to FL for 6 days in March!! Can't wait.
I used to not be allowed in the building but now I'm on the rooftop.
Promote peace.
RT : In "terrific upside" news, Milwaukee's fantastic Juniper Tar will join Corey Hart on 5/16 as Nick's proxy.
Today we chat about Idol on my show and play lots of great music including Back in the Day Cafe at Noon EDT!
cool cool!
Big day today. Time to get some episodes posted! Two of them in fact. Stay tuned.
Boarding the ferry for #Catalina in a couple of hours! Happy 30th birthday...to myself!
Go Pats! please please please...
Jus landed in Atlanta.. What's cracking
is it bad coaching by Knicks to finally play LIN now and discover linsanity
Anyone have an idea what time the Red Bull/Galaxy semifinal playoff game would start next Sunday if they play?
what do i love about running? i head out full of anxiety and come back completely at peace.
“Directioners own twitter. We got 5 TT's right now !”
Javy Guerra out as Dodgers closer. Kenley Jansen will now close for the
he's cute but I don't like him!..... And do you not like me because I'm nice and I didn't do anything to you :(
A few things I need to complain about. First of all I need a GPS BADLY bc I spent an hr looking for the Castleton mall today. I suck.
Comes down to intentions-but I know I'd prefer to see women at least sharing top billing if not running the company!
Girls are sketchy these days.What the hell.... The things women do mind bottling... Like your minds in a bottle
I hope SKC can be as successful as the Canadiens (used to be ;)) Roy #33 was my first favorite hockey player
Ok, trying to decide which new baseball stadium to paint next, any thoughts? Miller park, Coamerica, Kauffman stadium?
Just tried to get info. Officer told me not now "we're in the middle of it," no time frame on when someone ill be able to brief me.
My opinions might have changed, but not the fact that I am right.
RT : yo ya momz ight i just seen her get elbowed by ron Artest tell her good game though<<middle finger!!! F U!!
True True True True True
if I hear of any I'll let you know!
My car smells like french fries. I'm going for a run.
I really want snow!!
you've got the best of #magiccookie's love! Great job on your first dance of the season
you need to defeat first! A #True #Republican #GrassRoots #Activism #Revolution, hey, why don't you join too?
Steve Jobs, We shared the same hometown, where we were each adopted and grew up a mile apart. RIP my friend.
#Tebow a jet? Someone upstairs Isn't a Tebow fan anymore.
uhh no , i'm broke as f*ck and you smell like piss !!! -- <U+2764>
Thank #Guinness it's Friday!
Almost called this chicken "sexy" because it tasted so good.
haha you wouldnt of seemed like a creep lol
My lil brother is hot out there
maybe a Hanley or Jose Reyes
Thanks for the RT. What did you think of the discussion?
I want 2 delete this twitter account IMMEDIATELY. UR "help" info is a joke. TAKE ME OFF NOW. Email me when this is gone.
Tighten up nikka!!!
Sorry you're not feeling well. Let me know if I can help.
Come on defense lets step it up! That's 3 saves by Summer in the past minute of play. Let's Go Bulls!
my bad, glass half empty I guess. They are making a little run now
got tore up today and didn't leave the game.
Tonight come hang out at for & the Underdawgs! Shows starts at 11p w/ Stoogies&
WISH ME LUCK
"Dime con quien andas y te dire quien eres! I'm sorry but if your crew has shady characters in it, I cannot work w you!" via
Leadership is about figuring out how to say yes even when saying no is quicker and easier.
Pens v avs at 9 $2 miller lite bottles during the game. $2 bud light bottles 10-12
But I have to admit my hypocrisy because I'm more than happy to plant my duff on the couch and watch others get hurt.
I would love to be famous....
Paddle the paddle to the side to the side / To the side to the side to the paddle the paddle / Paddle the paddle the side to the side
Business need to embrace Social Media Standards like having a Linkedin Company profile, a facebook fan page and an active twitter account.
can we connect via linkedin?
“: My bed doesn't want me to leave.. #truelove” haha
your welcome. OMG I'm in love with the show it's fucking awesome;)
and people think im racist !¡
I'm going to miss Ari!
good girl!
So, just invited someone over to grill at his place he knows through me, via Twitter. I hate this kid.
Bend it over , touch your toes , whip it out show them hoes your bankroll , sling your hair , do the broke hoe wit it poke it out .
Videos | Ahom Productions via
You've covered flook before...news coming out, you interested?
Not much other than the bird WILL NOT shut up outside my window. :P
Im in a pretty good mood.. Especially with the circumstances considered...
thank for organizing dinner & making sure everything was so perfect.
We are bonded and insured with satisfaction guaranteed! Call or email us today! 608-205-8838
I know I have missed you to we need some tlc.
Congrats - what a save shot on 10!
lol so violent ha
My shoes are still soaked ..
I cannot wait to get my W-2 form in the mail. Tax season here I come!
great to see you!
Proposed discussion topics: alliance bldg, disabilities, funding specific issue areas & tech, eval, social media
me thinks you being facecious
- Lots of $$ flowing around in politics. I see snow flakes! BTW, I'd like you to meet Kyle Simpson of Zynga (java guy) fame.
Fire Dept is on their way to StoryTime??!! Fire safety preschool ST this week with Mr. Eddie and NW Firefighters - Thurs & Frid @ 10:30
Orlean says government should provide free broadband (instead of "propping up post offices."
Shaun T from Insanity is coming to Columbus, OH. Who wants to listen and workout with him? Get with me for details!!
If I ever see that that piece of shit "Stealth Clown" in public, id grab a small cactus and shove it up his ass. >:/
Got some big decisions coming up
perry hall is so dry omg somebody get me outta. here!
about to get off work, H
Married life is good. No complaints.
Sounds like a good one! We will share it with our fans and followers! Consider it RTed!
FACEBOOK CEO & coming on OPRAH (RIGHT NOW) - 100 MILLION to #Newark Education.
Sébastien Le Toux makes a point (or three) in his Vancouver Whitecaps debut Just like the last time Sébastien Le Toux joined a new team i
If I go missing, look for me under the pile of blue books.
yes! Right At ten!
i love it when you give me head. i hate it when you give me headaches.
I need #toonami to come on again BC I missed it last night. Smh
awesome! Miss you, lady!
Wishing a VERY Happy 24th Birthday to my brother !!
Texas your to home!
Here, here! RT : Michelle Obama to Present Top Museum Award to Prairie on Friday! Congrats, friends!
I didn't get one either But then again I live in San Diego but its still pretty close
wow are you serious if nots such a big deal then why dont you do it yourslef.
More classic rock in the Pier Bar tonight with the Jacobs Brock and Brews Band starting at 9.
Sat 5/19 #DC free workshop in Spanish: Achieving Love & Peace Through Meditation 3PM Seekers Church (BACK) 276 Carroll St #NWDC 703-408-6944
"On our way to Friendly's, we saw a liger and a thumb...they were exquisite."
The question of the night: how much will the Public House clear out between Catacombz finishing and us going on? We shall see...
Yikes, Carlos Gonzalez is in that group of hitters who are utterly terrifying on every swing; call it the Gary Sheffield Honorary All Stars
Things are great! I miss a lot of things about Paris but being here & close to my family is the best. Work is busy!
Talkin bout practice!
#fact RT : you can not be taken seriously on "twatter" until you get rid of your "egg head"
Thats awesome were using the same narcotics to finish this battle!!!!
*shawn milke :p but yeah that is an awesome song(:
I'll say my piece on this matter and leave it at that.
Listening to the Arctic Monkeys. I'm not sure what to make of them.
Feelin too cute. man i swear as soon as you start feeling yourself people be hatinnnnnn. ohwell. don't hate. match it.
Safety suit "gone away" Listen to it.. NOW!! It's really great and I don't know why I'm so obsessed with it, but I am. Oh my! <3
haha cutting out 2 days of waiting time is always clutch. I can't wait either
True statement as long ad Teague stays under control.
Have you ever thought you had forgiven someone, but deep in your heart you knew you hadn't?
My solution was to block portions of the day for handling email even when on the road. The trap many fall into is never stopping.
Roughly 5 - 6 inches they vary by design
I dig this RT : I'm going to sleep like a baby tonight...after I eat a frozen pizza and do a bunch of shots of course
i have a feeling that the #paulydproject will be extremely underwhelming
thanks Alex! share it!!
I thought you didn't like them last time
The light doesn't always necessarily have to be in your family; for me it was teachers and school
Back to school.
American Airlines Web site will not let me add my FF number to reservation because I don't have a middle name. Not making this up.
I turned on WakeUp today... all I saw was
Spent the day in cold rain. Dry socks are NOT overrated.
I can explain...except I'd rather not do it now.
. Great question! Thank you. Do you have any other questions?
Nerves of steel.
Thank you for following Suburban Cowboys! Hope to be back to Minneapolis soon!
that's a nice shot I'd the shuttle. Never seen a view like that before.
Go to sleep, damn! Lemme hear from my haters 2nite!!!! Whatup!!!!! --
i seen jersey boys and it was tight, no homo
I'd like to play some caps tonight. That way I could hang out w/friends but still not drink much. #twitterbinge 3/24
question is why not be awake
I really don't think you can argue CCP is worse than the US govt. It'd be like comparing if you'd rather die of cancer or aids.
No, I don't agree. the Culture Minister could have interacted with the provocation in many different ways, including refusal.
Barry Finnegan is JOHNNY UTAH!!!!!
Durant let's be these weak ass lakers
So Kevin is done?
Now any XQuery processor that wants to use XAWS has to adapt the hmac:sha1() call. An EXPath function would obviate this.
Happy New Year my fellow tweeters!! enjoy 2012!!!!
yeah he would hit on other guys for fun or when guys hit on me, he'd pretend we were a couple and curse them out. HAHAHA
A global audience is a powerful thing for my kids-- they can't believe that kids around the world will see their work!
There's really nothing for me videogame-wise the rest of this year. Was looking forward to Bioshock Inf, but it got delayed.
What we've all been waiting for - finally we know what David Cameron signs his texts as. The world will never be the same.
hi niall ?? how are you ?? notice me really i love you !!
Saw ”The Hunger Games”. It should be Rated R. I am no prude, it is just a disturbing watch. Docu ”Bully”, I hear, is R for language. Wow.
I don't want to hear it. Science isn't sure if you are a bear or a raccoon.
Toddlers & Tiaras on TLC makes me thank god my parents put me in swaddling cloths and shipped me down a river and I never saw them again.
Hard to comprehend.
Perfect weather for jogging in central park!
Week of #Valentine his&hers Special! For her: partial sew/in, makeup. For him:cut, shave, shoe shine! And a BOTTLE OF CHAMPAGNE! 5108321100!
I love you and I'm here for you
Cleaned up my work bench in the back to start putting my Grandfather's broken violin together. Want to hang up in entryway.
Oh wooh tiger! Not me. Well maybe a 'mutha'
Fair use question: Using an artist's song as a backing track for a mashup video with photos, messages stats and such. legit ? Suggestions?
The weather report for next week looks amazing!
Yes--Thanks for your suggestion, Farah!
It really is the best, isn't it?!?!
Happy Mother's Day to all mommies!
Steve Jobs was annoyed and depressed over initial reaction to iPad launch
O.o Okay then.
Kind of want to make [Insert Shitty Artist] Is The Worst a thing but I feel like it could get forced and terrible.
just saw the highlights for the heat/bulls game. wow. are they going to play each other in the playoffs? that'll be a series to watch.
That one hurt Whitey!! Wish icould still here ya in the 530! #ThePackWillbeBack!
#bacon. Hmm bacon
:I have been sworn to secrecy. RT : you NEED to bring backk. what do you say ?
That awkward moment when Justin Bieber comes on Pandora Radio and starts dancing :)
This beat I'm making is saying so much with no words.
My homie SS Dawg stopped by today and dropped off some unbelievably good OG Nectar. Time to dab a few and crash out!!!
Sorry, all my loyalties start & end with #Blackhawks. I assume we'll win all our series. Can't root against the Hawks in a sense
We had a directors meeting and made some great decisions regarding parties! That's important, too! ;)
Who is Greg Mahoney?:)
Brutal legend wrap party was very awesome. Witnessed best karaoke rendition of Love Gun.
Salt is a natural antibacterial & preservative RT RT Travel tip: Disinfect scrapes with salty water...
But it is better than american idol bs as you put it. All ages are included so some of the older + younger voices can shine
nice bow tie
Use all the effort it takes you to be mad to be happy!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
I love spending time with your little family and ! You guys are the best!
Just so I understand looks like we are about to get into 2 more conflicts #Syria and #Iran perfect so much for change
Sex sells, get the best deal. Know I'll prolly go and buy it all, retail.
everytime madison tweets iconiac716 I get so excited. oh well, guess it won't ever happen for me
Uh you want a Gatorade?
#yanks still had a better 1st than #brewers did last night.
"People should be able to publish their monograph to the web without bothering anyone else." Amanda, on emotionality of books
oh shitaskies! Do you think I could recruit some at the candy store?
I guess there is bubble tea. I've only heard about it and never experienced it first hand.
At the gym trying to be the best I can be
I always wanted to eat a Doozer bridge just like the Fraggles
y did u ban me
Exec of the Year is more proof has the best ownership group in sports. Write. It. Down.
You must mean Jeff Tambellini?
we're glad too! RT : SO glad I remembered to set the DVR. don't want to miss an episode! RT Oh.
Have a tech topic you'd like to see us cover? Let us know
"it's stone hedge!"
Working on new book and DVD, the Become A Master Faster Program... Boy when you just need a few more hours in a day :)
Happy Mother's Day!! You're the best vegan mom anyone could ask for! Lol Have a great day! xoxo
There should be two hours of per Impact ep!
right? Its happening right now at Staple Center. So dumb.
Happy Birthday
I've been tired since I got up this morning. Is it spring fever or do I just badly need a vacation?
Ready for round 2! Where will you be tomorrow at venue?
Tribeca's sports documentary slate announced: Jerry Rothwell's "Town of Runners" (in Ethiopia) looks like a must-see.
Large mammal (deer/bighorn sheep) drinkers r part of canal lining mitigation. Learn more @
Wishing #stagemoms everywhere a happy Mother's Day :D
So excited to spend my birthday with my second family <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0081>
Shout out to Follow him on twitter. check out his music & get yourself a couple of tickets for his performance comin up soon.
RT : The Butcher? The Baker? The Candlestick maker... Who is your favorite local independent business?
Thanks for the follows!
#InCaseYouDidntKnow i dont give a damn
RT To all those whose graduations are yet 2 come...the road is long, filled w struggles, but well worth it in the end! #KeepGoing!
RT : Hello Beautiful.... how u doooinnnn
follow me back
I'll try! Ive just been so dang busy lately!
The flowers are blooming the sun is shining! Happy Tuesday!
Service industry ppl deserve sick days..
out to the Quads with Mely and Nigel :)
RT “: what are you doing in San Diego???” did you go to the chargers game?!??
Already love #TheHungerGames soundtrack
Simple yet radical!
I will agree that
It needs to fragging rain
Moguai Afrojack and secret special guests tonight at Mansion! PRESALES ARE SOLD OUT!! Tonight is going to be EPIC!
Happy (belated) Mothers Day. I hope you enjoyed it. :-)
::clapping hands::
About the same! At least the rain has stopped for the time being. Beautiful outside today. :)
I don't have commitment issues… I've been with the same phone for 2 years… only problem is i pay for that relationship
What's this? Flash nonfiction?
Cool. I'll call tomorrow. Thanks!
$240k a year!? Really?
Blow out cancer event tonight. Friday run up to the runway. Saturday Theatrical Makeup in the Dells. Sunday Chicago. Can't stop won't stop
Morning guys, i just uploaded "Im In Love" a new song from my EP, Plz go & listen to it, and tell me what you all guys think bout it.
it would be my honor man.. no shit, i hope you do start up IST radio again. :)
Senior Week tickets are now on sale via Ticket Central online only! Get 'em while they're hot!
hey what's good
Are smart phone games a productive medium for advertising anything aside from other game downloads? Not a skeptic. Just curious.
773.341.8206 I'll make you pizza all day every day.
Peabody friends--what professors or classes are using Twitter? I just heard of a very clever use of Twitter for #teachereducation. /db
Wish we could fast forward to tomorrow... #soexcited <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Haha, you'll be fine! :) I promise. <U+2764>
Did you notice the little room inside the tower about 2/3 of the way up?
Thanks for the #FF mention.
Ur tweets are obviously to someone.
“Do it big, do it right & do it with style”…But most of all DO IT NOW! Audition for the 2011 NEW JERSEY SKY DANCERS!!
I shouldnt miss you.
Daughter arrived 7am & fell back to sleep. I'm cleaning house. I'm like Rigoberta Menchu mixed with Chuck Norris & Rajon Rondo.
After Nikita, Scrubs is the best show ever invented.
Loving the #sxsw keynote so far!
The GOP's platform?
Expected to hear more Steelers fans at the game yesterday. Then remembered they were all in N. England, reserving tailgating spots.
great to see you back on the field Louis! Go get 'em man! GO LIONS!
And here's all your lies,you can look me in the eyes,with that sad sad look that you wear so well.
So we pull up to taco bell.. and Jaime orders it in a total british accent... yeah, we got free food. (;
"I am a party scientist. Welcome to my laboratory."
lolol you would
Going to hook you, , and up shortly with the gear stats.
i just wrote about sitting in an outdoor mall at night when its cold. it's like a southern california baptism.
Happy Birthday David Bowie
how ya been?
Wasn't expecting anything back
Who has done a video for our #WMYBCoverVideoContest? I can't wait to see all you talented people do your thing to win.
Twatting from my new IPod Touch 4. Next time I'll do it from my iPad 2. That's right bitches, you can be jealous
Have you ever gave somebody a wet willie
Today is National Pie Day, but let's pretend that it's National PIZZA Pie Day, instead!
Twisted my ankle in PE...it hurts now...lol, cant wait till next weekend! :D
People who have read Just Kids by Patti Smith, a question: is it good for people who aren't necessarily Smith fans?
Finally getting to finish watching the first live episode of then hopefully the results show.
cool I love u Guys hope u have fun ..!!!
Everything is working now. Thanks
Someone should come suprise me. ROOM 202
gotta get back to editing Videos
We going live at 8pm make sure you tune in. Send us ur music so we can put you n rotation.
I wish men in my hometown looked like
Should we be worried about the vultures circling above us?
chazy dont say THT cuz if u say it again I'm gonna die lol love ya chazy
Look for the Super Moon tonight!
. leading an eye-opening discussion on metadata and healthcare it at #Healthit Summit 2012
dude I'm sorry I've had much better luck w that got it at least 3x (helps that my wife lets me take it from her).
Love it. Love it. But would need #brightspots and actionable items, AND
that would be amazing. i'd like to see more of your work and find out how you like to work against music when you edit.
I can open any page in these old mid-sized city directories & cite something historical about someone listed there. Finding this worrisome.
hey honey please join me in wishing a HAPPY BIRTHDAY! let's wish she has a fabulous day.
Thank you!
one thing about LA... everyone's good at karaoke
If you are begging someone for money and are upset when they say no.
LMAO RT : yo my name is Jimmy keener, I got a big weener, put it in yo mouth, and don't call me a beaner!
Ugh school tomorrow
Terry Jones's object-space diagram looked like a Kandinsky painting. Just sayin'.
can't wait to see it!
“Better to fail in your own destiny then succeed in someone else’s.”
Where there is no vision, the people perish
Having the occasional fly buzz about my house is worth the sacrifice to keep my door wide open on beautiful days.
I used Donat* and Behavior. I found a few articles on ProQuest, but not much. Suggestions?
Sinuses are actin up....ugh my head feels heavy...
Haha that's my only problem RT ha, better hit those batting cages though!
challenge accepted
Reunion Island: Ebony and ivory
Did we mention you should always turn your cell off before walking into an interview?
Occupy Wall Street is in full swing - Live stream from New York City as the tension rises! - ZenLive.tv Right Now!
:) sorry! RT : has a German program now?! Waaahhhh, I'm too late.
sounds good. Going to be a great year!
We had so much fun! Great evening! RT : so, how did everyone enjoy #FC175? Any bloggers writing about it?
Cant do it .
Love winter & snow so now I worry that if I click "Love", people will show up at my house and slap me in the face.
hahah I want a bat mitzvah
To govern is always to choose among disadvantages.
Thank you, #GoodLuke!
Ethics is not definable, is not implementable, because it is not conscious; it involves not only our thinking, but also our feeling.
Hahaha! He threw the skateboard in the bushes
possibly he didn't play that bad and both sides looked rusty
You ain't smokin' if you ain't choking.
#Iftwitterwerehighschool I would have a A+
I think I'm about to go on my first twitter rant. It's rather exciting:)
I will get one.
I would half swear this season is just to tie up storylines for the fans which I can respect but please keep the quality up... bleh
Livescape is a great app for the Windows Phone. Let's see if it helps in the effort to rediscover my lost wellbeing practices.
I believe that how you feel is very important to how you look - that healthy equals beautiful
Phone calls can be so scary!
sharing is great, but how do authors monetize? xkcd can use the site (ads, etc), but nothing comparable for ind authors
How do I get one of them T-shrts?
I'm at the
Did this girl really just say adorbz? Really..
whats everybody doing? yuck cranberry jello
Why is MLA sending me so much spam?
lmao so true
ESPN hoops analyst Jeff VanGundy says Pacers will be Heat's biggest obstacle in East, BUT he doesn't see Pacers winning more than 1 game.
thank you! look forward to staying in touch
I just haven't met you yet.
We are listed with the Check out our rateng. Thanks for all you do B.
#NP Big L wit and mike l. About to put thee essence in the air.
!!!! Awesome! Congrats!
They're finally going to replace the support beams in our building! Bid goes out next month, construction to begin (hopefully) in early Sept
Who are the top #Derby prospects as the #Derby approaches? WWW.USSportspages.com
MAKE ME. jk i will beautiful (:
Aw, thanks, Andrea! That is so nice to hear.
Omg I hope I'm not late for work
Happy Birthday Babe! =]
I really try to put others feelings in mind and make sure they are happy but if you get on my bad side my only pleasure is to piss you off.
workin @ UltraBar as always & hanging w/ my boo
seriously can it be the weekend already!!!!!
RT : Key to getting internships post-grad is remembering you don't have to be a hotshot out of the gate. It takes time.
Finally followed! Couldn't get to a computer :p
#mahonemadness all the way bitch.
sucks you gotta turn around then cause she wants me...
Long day at work glad to finally be off work, then went to see my grandmother! My day is made !
Your kids just crack me up. :)
I get out Monday at 1:00 . shove it.
This woman thought I was crazy. AT&T tried to trick me..
u r and pfft
Happy Friday to all!!!
We aim to please! Hope you find an apartment that's right for you.
Hi Mollie!!! Random question: What is your # 1 favorite sport to watch on TV, or go to a arena or stadium in person?
having an amazing time!
old, mold... same difference. :p
Cool, who is inspiring you tonight? RT : Patriots won....Watching the Emmys....Inspired
Interesting to see discussions between beltway talking heads on whether candidates should go on shows like Jimmy Fallon. Why not?
well i know the truth now , lol who cares ...
I totally love this one… A hot guy opens my eyes, a smart guy opens my mind, but only a sweet guy can open my heart
we need to hip to scores and the steaks we be getting lol
Are you willing to let God be God in your kids' lives? Or, are you still trying to be God in their lives? You have to let them go.
If my room wasn't so fucked up I take a pic of k.g sleep on da fool
I got off the Democrat plantation along time ago. "gimme gimme gimme crumbs" aint my style. I'll get steak and shrimp myself!
haven't you had them before??
“The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched; they must be felt with the heart
bomb your balls!
Just a tip...don't even think about impeaching me of my mayorships. I own this block. I own the neighboring blocks as well.
I just started this day out right.
Chemicals in my hair. CHEMICALS IN MY HAIR.
Done! Week over.....great , but exhausting! Time to re-charge the battery
Yayy!! You're back <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Bought much-needed book from online (via ). It came with HPB price tag $5< what I paid. At least take the tag off!
Nocturnal isn't a choice...u either are or u aren't¡
If American leaders had to worry less about tap-dancing for voters, they could focus more on building the country.
just had an alum call me his "hero of the day!" Might be a bad day for him, but I am gonna take it!
That nap really helped! And I NEVER take naps
New recipes posted every day! Check us out! Fun foodblog from HAWAII #HAWAII #FOODBLOG #FUN FOOD #FAMILY MEALS #DESSERTS #HEALTHY TREATS
Please RT and #FF the Sweet-est talking Tweeter on (and beyond!) this planet :) ---->
"everything in the world is just another thing for guys to jerk off to." - said the old lady in the coffee place to herself.
Its so amazing at how we rely so much on our gadgets, my iPod is undergoing an upgrade away from hm and I feel lost from the world...
Dark Shadows. Seeing it with someone who loved the old show. I'm preparing to hear about all the things that are wrong.
I love your senior pics!
citation needed, please.
that's so hard to watch Rhymes just collapse...so glad he got up...
Oh man Syracuse better get it together...
he is as he does. Your love is at home.
You're totally right. Epic fail on my McLovin part.
congrats on the 1400 milestone. I'm one of 1400 enjoying your tweets.
wow thanks that just broke my computer screen
I know right!!! I really want to, I know they have about 4 left! : ) you'll have to let me know how it went. I'll live through you!
So excited for Eric Church and to hang with my favorite sisstaaaa tonight!! Ready to have a blast after this week from hell :)
Look at you go with STATS Pass.
Since we are homebased, we're always open for our twitter friends!
Been in 4 states (in 36 hours) and have gone to breweries in 3 of them. Guess I have to stop at Full Sail tomorrow to complete the sweep.
ugh the back of my left leg been itching all day
RT: "Suspicious" is not code for "hoodie.", Sorry Folks, it is! Mom runs a little convenience store; robbed 3 times; black males in hoodies
then how smart r u
Tyler, the creator needs to work with Tech N9ne
Last Computer Repair in #Pittsburgh: Virus Removal from HP Laptop
and where was this my love?
yes it is.
RT : Only three quarters of the fish caught around the world gets eaten.
Yes! Organic, artisanal, microbrewed teaching. I'm making my business cards RIGHT NOW.
On the bus listing 2 jeezy the real is back 2
gimme a few
Waxing is expensive, doesn't last, and hurts.
Everyone I talk, tweet, text, im, I want you to imagine Jeezy and/or Diddy adlibs after every sentence.
Nice day off :) Now I need to get my ass to bed!
Marty: End of day status is that Bridge City, Orange have basically finished up rescues. Not sure when power, people coming back.
Don't wait call or Email exotic collision today, or call (339) 224-3771
NEWS ALERT!!! After 18 years of business in the Strip District, the Enrico Biscotti Company will now offer decaf espresso!!!
Does drafting kickers and blocking TEs kinda look like Speilman trying to get cute? We aren't exactly a kicker way.
where are all the assholes who use to carry me when the sands of time stood still ??? I fuck the moon in the trees. masturbation comes
Hahahahaa.. good luck. Let them know that I can help.. sort of :)
City finances aside, San Diego is NOT a poor place. There's LOTS of money, just not in the city coffers. Bankruptcy talk is stupid.
Glad they're gone tomorrow!
I aint even trippin about you I'm living my life.
Good Morning to all my Tweeps!! Have a great Saturday!
So sleepy..
Our Live at Bar Marco concert is less than a week away! See you in the Strip next Wednesday!
They ARE our final series in September.. we'll do it up.
We have the venue and our main speaker (a shark from Shark Tank) on top of 4 other self made millionars ready to help!!Looking for sponsors
SexTip Girls, use your hands and mouth while pleasing orally. The mouth alone cant provide the penetration needed to excite the penis.
2 years ago today I graduated from college. I don't have a salary, health insurance, or 401K mumbo jumbo. Least I can say is I'm happy.
yes we did, thanks!
#iLove the English people
Nuggets rookie has 10 double-doubles in 33 starts. Needs to start the rest of the season!
VC panel at CF conference answers overwhelmingly YES they will invest in previously crowdfunded companies
My Rolls had no such option. Must have been the stripped-down, Clubsport model.
Sign of the times: 6yo daughter watching musical Annie refers to the rich man as "Daddy Starbucks".
Playing safe is NEVER a good idea. #Buffs need to wake up or they are going home.
Our artist lineup is growing everyday check out the new artists with Poised Creation.
whoa, are there actually women who say this? and I mean women, not trashy girls. Trashy girls are disgusting
My friends and I were rollerblading and then suddenly the DJ plays a 1D Song and the first thing I do is fall and freak out! <3
today is my first day! Wish me luck
Can you please help me out. I am in a competition at work and need a lot of followers. Please? :)
Do you know someone whose vision is affected by glaucoma? This Glaucoma Vision Simulator from EyeSmart can show you how they see. Slide...
Hello World, I'm back.
It is Friday + I am finally back on a Mac at work! Life is good : )
I just wish it had links to a bunch of the more contemporary terms since they're hard to google.
on the ropes...#nbaplayoffs They better start seeing RED soon!
At some point we have all made a little kid cry, then made him laugh to get out of trouble.
3 kids home from school + swimming at this afternoon = a mom glad they serve margaritas!
Good morning twitterers :)
I think my reading abt time-travel to alter history (Stephen King's 11/22/63) is having its effect on Republican hopefuls in 2012 Iowa.
na na na we going have a good time hey hey hey
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and don't give up. - Rachel Corrie
FOLLOW ME PLEASE!?!?!?!
Just rode the #JBR course. Getting SO EXCITED! Jingle Bell 5K, December 10th, 8:00am, Balboa Park. Ring in the season for a reason!
And only 2 weeks of classes left -- legit starting to freak out
Case McCoy in with 2nd team offense against first team defense.
God Hates Us -A7X
All great achievements require time. -David J. Schwartz
Since Dick Clark won't be here to host NYE 2K13, I guess it's true that everything will end with the Mayan Calendar this year.
I agree that vision precedes creation. But why do you say most CANNOT imagine a sustainable planet?
lol well thanks :) I was going to vote for you, but I suppose there are a ton more photographers too!
We're fully recovered from the today's power outage. The catalog and our full web site are functioning.
aww thats good! I'm doing well to! I really don't want to go to school today!!
oohhhh buuuubbbyy!! He's its true im old now..waaaaahhhh.
Why do people feel the need to fuck up other peoples stuff? Woke up to 4 slashed trailer tires on 2 sick ass boats..
Screaming and running around in circles banging my shovel, swinging it around like a baseball bat ....
To quote a bad 80's song, "You're My Inspiration :)" Thanks.
#MKG said here we come
Itz about time!
It just makes sense on many levels. It is smart marketing!
Major work today getting house ready for baby! Much to do. Also trying to figure out facebook. I think I shocked my system with technology
The fUTURE is Second Life! I have just customized my AVATAR. I LOVE flying everywhere. It is a great METAPHOR for College!
Bead Fest Wire workshop registration opening very soon! Make your plans now for Bead Fest Wire, Apr 9-11, 2010, Valley Forge, PA
OH : "You're just the water monster."
#TheAvengers was soo damn good! Definitely a must see!
-Pizza Hut sounds Good!!
awww so nice! Thanks for including me!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
well, at least i read the epilogue and the first chapter...
Going to retweet some press we have received from our last video project.
Thanks for the RT
The hardest thing about being an actor is exposing yourself. NOT your character, but YOURSELF. Class wore me out yesterday!!!!
heck yes me too yo
James Brown from Wylie ISD and Snow White from Dell are in the same meeting room today. No Autographs Please :)
Overnight camp ya'll! Pack up your #sleepingbags & #pillows!
Speak Up 2011: Over 70% of 6-12th grade students say their school should provide anytime, anywhere access to the Internet
RT : #edchat and #literacy~ World change begins with shared values and shared responsibility in the education of all children.
#AADLA thanks! So nice of to invite us to do a table!
#FF #FollowFriday Paul Mooney; American freelance journalist based in Beijing since 1994
It wasn't that bad was it?
Happy Easter Twitter World!
But after eating 6 of them in the last hour I read on the back of the package and I'm only suppose to take 1 every 5 hours....um...hm
haha bet bout to cop some suppliments later this week ima be the new dr dre
i was wanting to head up that way at about 11
omg i am so tired. someone come cuddle with me? yep, ok. good <3
To me there are two alternatives: Strict children limit per family, or GM crops. Impossible to feed an exploding population now.
": 99.9% of lol's are lies." -- mine are actually chuckles or snide grins ... Perhaps a grunt even
I hate when people put pictures up and say rough or ugly like then why the hell put it up?
Goodnight! I'll post part 7 tomorrow around like 5:30pm or 6:00pm :) Just check around those times for my tweets. Also reposting other parts
Ha! Indeed a cabas does count! That might just be the thing for me to try.
much love to such an inspiration! so glad to see you on Dr. Oz today, looking great!
Sweatervested librarian. Bonus: with argyle print.
I always forget how terrible #CaliforniaTortilla is until I bite into the virtually inedible carnitas verde burrito.
No worries, we understand. We'll get you our new address once we have a permanent apartment. Should be about a month.
great write up
bahaha. What she do ?
nuthan much gettin ready for work
it wasn't real the guy who made up the story got arrested and all that that's why everyone stop posting about that.
haha this is going to be the greatest day ever now
I'm live-tweeting this lecture with permission, in case you're wondering. :-)
I hope you didnt shave your head! I would have a
This has been the slowest month ever... just want it to be summer.
there you go
When the WM3 were jailed I was in my mid-20s. Maybe that's why this case has had a hold on me all these years. I wish them all the best.
Good Luck! I Tweeted Him Literally 100 Times On My Birthday, And Nothing!
Omg that meal I had earrlliieerr! Pasta salad & some bomb sandwich! Heavenly!
I think guys who have made a girl disrespect herself/rush her into things need they ass beat.
#Actors - John Papsidera casting PETE 13 going on 33 Shoe Shine Kid for "The Gangster Squad." Castings like this updated daily in the app!
Thanks for the tweet for coming to the session. Loved the ideas and the energy in that room!
Amazing! Skyler absolutely killed it. I hate that freaking song, but she made me want to like it.
You're so afraid of taking chances; how are you going to reach the top?
Think it's wicked that EVERYONE I went to middle school with, and EVERYONE I went to high school with always tell me I look EXACTLY the same
Heyy Lorraine!!! I had no idea you were from Brooklyn! My hometown as well.
hope your having fun in the sun
So sick of #noduh news. If you feel the need to report the obvious, please consolidate 5 articles into 1.
iPad - disappointing; SOTU Address - disappointing; Lunch - now there's a subject I can get my teeth into!
#TEDxUofW as well as emotions, of course.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JACOB hope you have fun.RT please
We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
Q8. My weirdest travel destination/experience wish is...
Official announcement: Today I decided my rapper/DJ name is Chubby Stackz.
Just picked up the Fender Rumble 75 at Willis Music for Josh. Why didn't this amp exist the last time I bought one?
You guys must get a lot of unwanted search engine traffic.
Who's going to the today?
Off to play NAPT day 1b @ The Bicycle Casino in LA.
Every time Julio is in my house he has full on conversations with my dogs...
Only 26 days until I get to marry my man, I am so thankful for God's provision!
ha! Glad sales are going good for you guys. Huzzah!
Conversation in the hall has now name-checked Charlton Heston in Omega Man, Salvador Dali, Adolf Hitler & Darwin. No idea what it's about.
good morning! I insist that you have a great day!
I see Sharon was off the chain all day...lol
Best time to be at the wrentham outlets :)
And now I'm crying over
RT : Thanks for including me in such good company! RT : #FF social media greats
I’ve had a serious craving for a Chicken Fit-Hit Bowl all day. Guess what I’m having for lunch?
#ShoutOut Enjoy today to the fullest ! Peace & Love
Half day at work, Swagat for lunch, and birthday tomorrow. Libertatis est bellus.
Basketball world.....
Another early morning.
Rough morning :(
DWD Sec. Reggie Newson says he did not confer with Gov. Walker before releasing revised #wijobs numbers.
Lmao , that'd be my reaction too . XD
Ah the movie theater is packed-.-
Good to see you here in twitterland, Chris!
thanks c:
Good Morning everyone. Hope you have a great day!
Working three major shows at Amos southend and I'm so excited
Enjoyed "Can't You See" by The Marshall Tucker Band on Pandora
You would be a downgrade if I ever Fucked with you.. what makes you think I would do that to myself?
/dry-eye-summit: Thanks to all of the attendees for making the inaugural DES so successful.
first time i've had to talk my way past police to get to my office=side effect of john yoo.
Support your local musicians!
#FOLLOW for great quotes and one-liners!
Thanks for all of the RTs, #FFs and mentions. I'm way behind in my thank you's to you!! Have an awesome weekend!
Hey joe. Maybe what should happen is the US should contract new York city. Not many would miss it
Why does the shower at the gym smell like pizza?
TICKETS ON SALE NOW!!! GO TO WWW.NYMF.ORG/THETOYMAKER Take the journey...
I am so good at talking to people and making them calm, like no joke, I am so gonna change the world.
A Genesis - up to 30 lbs...
I would never be able to shower again.
+10 for the reference.
What?! I missed you at the office today?! Please say it ain't so <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2> *sad face*
RT : Grandma got runover by a reindeer! :D / Is this tweet related to your previous tweet about Drivers Ed?
We just have to see where this road leads us
great job we went & had a wonderful day
We should trend
Fight the system!
Our drummer Chris is getting married tomorrow! HEYO!!!! Drop by our facebook page and show him some love!
both of you have safe travels :)
China PMI foreshadows slower growth, sticky inflation
Here's to the Jakers who haven't met but still support him just as well as the ones who have met him.
grey skin, though.
Okay, so anybody who knows my dad knows that al he does is go to work, come home sit on the couch and watch tv.
Had a nice roadtrip
Good Morning
RT : What is your "money measurement" for your digital museum content? How about # of re-uses?
So if Western museums collect Asian art, are there any Eastern museums of European work? Besides the Kyoto Costume Institute?
I said what i had to say when i needed to say it!! But not who i needed to say it to..
(Joseph Addison) Friendship improves happiness, and abates misery, by doubling our joys, and dividing our grief.
Thanks Shawn, I appreciate it!
Everyone's here like "no school for me!" And I'm like " I'm going to die tomorrow! :D"
Open Mic Night Starts in an hour!
I had birds inside once: unmitigated disaster.
Ha she said I don't have to write a apology letter.
Funday will help to repay charity
And just like that #SpringBreakPart2 begins for Doral Academy Señiors. No school all of next week. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Good Moring Twitter :)
The proof for the book I put together on commission is on the way.
Usability testing is our friend. So do it. With real users (not just fans).
"Be quick, but don't hurry" Coach John Wooden, via Mark Collins.
you can be my buzz lightyear and fly across the globe
And thanks to 's Kevin Kuzma for taking time to speak with us this afternoon. First Q for Kevin up next!
That's right, I just Rt'ed The Count. Don't judge me. ;)
I cried for like an hour last night after i saw that picture of niall. It was just so perfect.
My next tweet: "My favorite toy."
Just did an interval workout called "Hell on a treadmill" And yes, it was as bad as the name implies.
#derby picks in a hour
thanks! We worked hard on it.
OMG BECKY LOOK AT HER ASS !!
Yep, there were tears. Sad face.
Taking all my restraint not to Amare something.
Santa Monica Mts used to climb there slot of those routes were man made by friends of mine years ago
Installing Google Gears.
Perhaps the #Mayans were right. Uh oh : Watching Idol--all these people dont know Billy Joel songs-what is the world coming to?
Girl you know it's true: --> : You know what's annoying about DeAndre on Idol? He reminds me of Milli Vanilli. Right?
Stone answered. Ask and you will drink a brew in the fall.
RT : Unifest! Who's interested? #REGGAE #SOCA #R&B #FOOD!
I love SO much.
Time for Friday Fish. Hitting up Hi-Hat for HH to start off an awesome night. Looking forward to 's drinks @ Black Cat Bar
I coupon like crazy for other foods so we can "splurge" on produce
. Bus driver on bus 2431 just got off bus to make a phone call. It's the D4 bus and he got off at the New Jersey Ave stop.
Ajeya remember when we measured you hair in like 5th grade?!
If you say free boosie on my tl, I'm going to assume your retarded and unfollow that ass
moving on to chocolate chocolate chip almond muffins (ran out of vanilla extract) such is the life of the lazy baker
What the fuck.
Bored as hell..hmu let's talk about something lol
Then you need to come out tonight!!!LOL
Listening to Mayor Nutter speak to all staff at the Library. Going better than it might have
The Sons of Anarchy are dragging a beaten Mike Quackenbush to the ring as the show opens.
your welcome & thank you :)
can't sleep, too busy thinking.
goodnight everyone!!
In DC about to do my thang. God is good
Spiders were chillin in my basement until they met mr. Toliet
Wow. Love it.
Everytime I'm in the kitchen, ur in the kitchen Eatin up all the food...
Watching Idol and wondering who will give up on their dream because they were told no...no doesn't end a dream unless you agree to quit!
ugh, I know.
I saw you guys!!! Ya'll looked adorable! see you in the ATL :)
RT - Just found out I get to try out for the New England Patriots next year!! Fuck you john Dunn crispy ass nigga
IT'S TIME FOR THE FIRST ANNUAL COWTIPPERS DRAG STAMPEDE!! Fun starts at 1:30!
you're so popular
County Superior Court, citing irreconcilable differences
Remember when the TV edit of the Keira Knightley Pride & Prejudice ends with the Donald Sutherland/Prof. Snow scene?
Kobe's number of seasons in the NBA- 16, James' number of seasons in the NBA- 9. Not a fair comparison. Give it time.
If you don't want everyone in your business , then why be a celebrity ? It comes with the fame .
i know right??? is awesome!!!!
#itshardwhen your trying to get to the #Lilac festival and it won't stop raining...
6 days till Halloween. How to you handle the haul of candy your kids get?
:') I'm back on this twitter because I miss talking with #mahomies! :') is always going to be a HUGE inspiration to me.
true true
Ren & Stimpy until I fall asleep.
Juicy J is hecka funny mane
Server magically starts working.
It is awesome seeing you courtside at the games. You will always be a legend. Thanks for the memories!
Best wishes to you for 2012!
Still looking for a new home. Yikes. The interiors in Texas can be very scary. Almost too much for me to handle! Good #design wanted!
MT : Ideas from #communityjustice2012: flash mobs! Citizen advisory boards (w/real decision making power), stipends?"
WTF. #myeyes . Dude, I'm about to google it now. get it over with. Whats the name of the diseases or whatever?
Houston , Texas! Tonight we are performing at Fitzgerald's on part of the Revived Tour! Come party , doors at 630! 2706 White Oak Drive
nope, but now that it supports .NET...probably. Customers want a non-Azure cloud option. See
Lol what are you talking about?
The US will have a majority minority society by 2042
My dreams are not jus dreams because they got a plan -Tony D
C'mon ! Its freaking Jeff 'I-throw-BP' Suppan! Get some runs already! cc:
it's a new day, right?
Last quote via :
yeah for sure!
I'm overwhelmed and people are clearly losing there minds out here.
you don't like rock and rol
I'm so glad you liked it. I can't believe how fast it got to you! L7 cannot start up again soon enough! :)
Except for Our Hero. He always looks good.
noted, my EP will be out around that time but for your birthday ill give you a song from it before it comes out :)
just so much shit is going on idek :l
The old fashioned suitcase is foam-lined so he can carry his laptop in it
there is always a chance
A beautiful day to take children to a CARNIVAL lots of Rides Food Games full of fun for the entire family info. 267-322-8114
Real eyes Realize Real Lies.
It's Friday! Come get a beer. Anna is waiting.
apparently there is a guy hanging around parking lots in the area and stealing gas out of peoples cars.....really??
Mr Vic thank u for the RT! hope all is well on ur end boss!
It took nearly 100 years to gain traction against the fractional reserve form of banking and the fraud that is fiat money. Lined pockets.
looking for the person or persons responsible for vandalizing two cars using an acid-like substance.
DJ Smith makin a play...we are blessed with this system
Not wanting to go to class today :(
Great links, keep 'em coming. If I learn any more I'll explode!
Lazy Sunday just wasn't enough. Instituting Hooky Monday.
I traded head nods with Admiral Mullen at the Navy Bureau of Medicine today. :)
my arms are taking me to the depths of hell today....I think I need to soak in some epson salt or something,
Diva<U+265B>Illusionz mobile salon!!! Everywhere you need me to be!
Silly kids
Step Brothers
where in Cali you moving to?
Isn't he perfect so far?
can I please just be the opposite of sister wives and marry One Direction
I need to do my brows.
LMFAO! She said its like the Cinderella with Brandy!
Why am I so late to the game! I just subscribed to your blog RSS feed. Talk about #finally!!! :D
Thanks, Mark!
The Raven was intense
I had to going in to boot camp !
Settled my tab at Subway. Hope they cancelled the hit.
Love is friendship set on fire. ~ Jeremy Taylor
I just got back from Crossover with some of the best friends that anyone could ever have, I love having strong Christian Friends
"moreover, not uninteresting, nor nonumental"
I forgot how wonderful the occurrence of "pay day" can be!! I'm starting to favor this employment thing now
Injury-Free Exercise for a Better Quality of Life. MindFirstFitness.
1 last tweet FUCK THE VOGUE !!! seriously why do i even attempt and waste my time over & over with that club
When ego is lost, limit is lost.
This wicked jet lag makes me wonder if I am alive. How is my favourite (haha British auto spell) GT doing these days?
did you see the teen wolf trailer ?!? It premiered last night ( the trailer)
Tuesday: is closed but there's a truck meetup on Adams.
I have a crush on
she is(: ahah now i want her to add me to(:
House show at Charlie micheners. it's been awhile
good first tweet! You gotta get rid of the #egg for your icon :)
hope you feel better bby!! Loveyouu
Took 10 minutes to fill out my FAFSA. That's what happens when you're single/non-dependent & don't make enough to file taxes :/
kay. off here, dawggg. later (don't unfollow!) <3
got back yesterday!!! :)
Watching Iron Man 2 in preparation for tonight's midnight Avengers premiere
not a pretty thing but you're right, it's a good thing. Sometimes you'll find out of 10 friends, 2 or 3 friends are true. Sad.
awake and headed to the beach with people from LA :)
I'm a typical teenager, I have a messy room, I'm moody, I spend most of my time on my laptop, I go to bed late but that's me.
4 words. You are my inspiration.
overlaps of equity?
All I heard was "BEAT THAT HOE" I got up so quick, lmfaooooo
Found a new great thing my guys can do - checking review profiles for clients. Love having such efficient
I appreciate it. :-)
At Rave, last week! :) Happy St. Patty's!!
Why do people have safe words in the bedroom? Can't you just tell them no or stop
ATTN #ATSU: Helpdesk phones are down! Pls email your reqs, or call our busi. line at 2604 to be connected to a tech. Thx for your patience!
Looking forward to it as well!
This day just keeps getting better.. *cough* sorry there was some sarcasm stuck in my throat..
Its collddd in here
We have a profile in the Dec/Jan issue of ! Have you picked up your copy?!
he already tells you stories.
as I heard her cough around the corner
Well im off too bed (:
haters gon hate <U+270C>
RT We're looking for someone to join our team. Massage therapists, Retail Team, Nail designers; Contact
it's you're ok in my book.
No complaints there! Is it warm in #Málaga yet? March is coming...
sometimes, though, the things we love aren't loved by others. We believed in all of these techs at one point.
It's just so obnoxious!
Loving 's "Some Nights"!! This album is perfect and flawless. Listen to it on their website!
Flight is delayed 4 hours. I'm ready to kill.
Congats to our Pushcart Prize nominees Michael Poore, Brendan Constantine, Harrison Scott Key, Brian Doyle, Joshua Ruffin, & Leslie Jamison!
Sounds like a good plan! RT : I'm off work at 2:30pm today. Nd I would like to go to Oz Korean BBQ please.
Had to comfort something, explained the concept of Average Cost and verified spouse dates of birth to get claims paid. Hero's work today ...
"6ft from da ground 152 pounds strong.. back on the block.. the man in you will fear the animal in me.." -r.i.p..
hello ocho, love da profile pic. Also I believe its 9 p.m in japan used to be stationed there in military
I love America & college football. But the extent that Green and Whitlock relied on 'this is America' in the #IQ2US debate was embarrassing.
Good to see Boys BB tourney staying at Kohl Center.
when your cousin texts you because you just tweeted that your feeling down. that's love
Nah fuck that... It's wrong
If at first you don't succeed, you're in great company ~ Elden Peterson
Didn't know Angie's List was filling for an IPO. It's amazing that their biz model is based on just under 1 million subscribers
#biebermemory pointing at myself during That Should Be Me during the concert. i am just shameful hahahahaha
Thanks for raising $528,000 for !
Rehearsal today! This play will run at the MINT theatre, NYC, in April
i'm still looking for the new flavors in Denver. Is there anywhere I can find them?
Texas cattle rancher Charles Kothman is down to six calves and their mothers after selling off 80 animals in recent months.
You said the way you like attractive men. LOL...its in the eyes of the beholder.
I can eat macaroni everyday lol :)
Hey do you have a website of some of your work?
me too
Interesting that the best clients for and on are 3rd party options, not from the companies themselves.
#TGTSpectacular Target is not welcome in San Francisco!!!!
I am so proud of you, good job of making it to the final two
that sounds delicious
Feedback loops so important for user experience. Play video games for inspiration - they've got this down. #confab12 #supermario<3
Before anyone has a panic attack...I collect swords....:) I know how to use them, but I don't..I just collect..:)
see what had happened was.......
M..Guinness <3
always forgotten at some point.
#FF - thank you for your shout outs!
RT : S&P Hits lowest level since Feb
seems like the spotify partnership put them on the map?
It's a girl!
That Drew Brees guys is almost as good as Aaron Rodgers. Almost. (Thanks for a great fantasy football season No. 9!)
I said it because I thought for sure BB would be watching! But I'm sure he already heard the news
Watch yo friends cause most niggas go change on you
What is it going to be -- reasons or results?
: Hey Lori, thank you! And my your day be blessed too!
Bar here VERY angry. RT : Think that advertisement on did more harm than good. Angered for all 3 seconds of it.
I did. I battled hook, found tiger lilly, rescued windy, even walked the plank.
“: Good sex is like expensive tequila #smooth #andnoburningsensations” lmao bahahaha
I only go to stars games or the fights!!! Let's see somethin!
": It was a great honor to spend time with my dear friends, new friends and old friends this week at #VMwarePEX" <-- Amen to that!
: Happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable, or happy and strong. The amount of work is the same.
Happy New Year!
sry we cant make it to ur concert. All ur vip passes sold out for ohio. We still luv u though. Well be waiting for more con ...
Alright, 4 commencement ceremonies today and then I start my drive to #Furman! :)
me too!
Tryna network with people from Portland
It's amazing how 18 different cities just happen to have sanitation issues at the same time.
Just when I accepted the fact that my iPhone was mostly likely gone forever - the cabbie found it! Dropping it off in the AM. RELIEF!
Did they give Albert the cold shoulder treatment?
Dude i failed too lol. I wont b asleep till 5ish :p
Gay people are scary. Fortunately, Herman Cain is nice enough to drive my wife around and protect her from the homosexual agenda.
Tebow is a full back, not a quarterback.
We are excited to share with you Vernon's and PRIME by Vernon's new Affordable Luxury offerings! Vernon's has created a fabulous new Prix...
Workout on the screen
To get rid of facial fuzz use gentle strip-less waxes. They are made for smaller areas than strip waxes
NFL Net reports owners have passed CBA -- met with round of applause. Back to the players in DC.
What would you offer for a 7 week class for MS "rotation" ...sort of an elective? My ideas so far: yoga, Scratch, frame animations, TED...
ok, im done. some of those were too good not to share
nah I didn't. I saw that you DM'ed the Alumni twitter and saw it there lol
lol. I've found that some missional services don't work for those outside the church and ironically, time/venue is among reasons
Being sick <
I commend saxophonist Donald Harrison for having the courtesy to say Thank You for the full-pg story in the NY Daily News. A rarity.
So nice out there now! Lake temp is 44 so a SE breeze will keep it cooler near the lake today.
Me.... naww im kidding
If monkeys could keep pets, they'd probably have chihuahuas.
Get some
Forecast for Tonight: Cloudy. A chance of showers. Mainly after midnight. Lows in the lower 60s. South winds 5 to 10...
Ready to start brewing some Stumptown Coffee in the stadium....
it's my day (night) off so I'm sipping malbec and eating chocolate. Going to the pool for some sun when I'm done.
Thanks, RoseMary! Spoke at forum yesterday, we have wind at our back. Keep up the great support!
I'm downtown dc on a gorgeous spring like day. I miss my college days at
Wow! Those look fabulous!
That made me upset.
Buenos dias. Enjoy your day
That's where a good editorial calendar comes in.
Thank You Kelly!
"artisanal" is code for "baked, not fried" #whateverhappenedtotheleadsinker?
go to bed you have school mister! lol
Let us know! :)
At Jeff Dunham in Consol Energy Center...
I love everyone for who they are, I don't expect them to change themselves to be around me. If you are fake, that's what I don't like. Be U!
love your site! we think you might love us too! www.icicledust.com. can always send free downloads too.
How can you tell that you're getting old? You go to an antique auction and three people bid on you!
Everyone stumbles. What counts is how you take your next steps, and who lends a hand to lift you up.
Thanks for the # FF ...honored to be mentioned with &
#OWIF: K's flight is delayed, giving me time to wash the fish & dancin' scent off & buy some emergency pants.
Counting Crows are so good that i don't have words to finish this statement.
How can I get my new book into your hands to read?
And Media Gamechangers w/ , &
Fantastic - I'll keep an eye-out. Looks like a great class!
Kentucky #Derby party and Mint Juleps! Isn't everybody?
Rappers always telling me that I know what time it is when I really don't
This Red Wine >>>
Diverse Mobile's first documentary will start shooting in the Spring. Stay tuned for more details!
And for me, it's about the Wasabi. My sinuses tingle in excitement just thinking about it.
Just added to the
little more classy than my sis who woke up in t' footwell after popping a pill 4 a trans-Atlantic flight
The fish is ready to be served. Downtown #SanJose San Pedro Sq. #ahi #salmon and #tofu is what's for lunch. Look for us today!
dale! meeting at tootsies! We still gotta celebrate my birthday cuz!
Thanks for the follow. We have you on our radar screen, too. Tweet!
Book Notes: Digital Bookmobile hits North Spokane - The Spokesman Review
Thanks for the follow. Great to see your new facility & enjoy some very tasty wines during Okanagan fall wine festival. Cheers!
haha.... Never goes away! Just fades to the back pages. ;)
send me ya number on a message fam..
Thanks for the follow! I'm looking forward to your tweets.
Really liked this blog. Well done.
Yes, I'd be honored to have my twitter tag added. Thank you very much.
Back to watching
are you calling your doctor a bitch again ?
i'm going to rock this today!
No Problems just solutions #print “: Laugh at your problems, everybody else does. what problems?”
Curly endive, why you gotta be so bitter?
i cnt wait to hear the song Justin wrote for us on his birthday. Hes so sweet. I love when he does stuff like this
is today over yet? Wanna just move on to tomorrow, then this weekend. Could really just blow off some steam right now. Could use massage!!!
Quite embarrassing really I was tired and grumpy upon arriving home I wanted to sit and eat but I couldn't find my phone
I'm going to starting using google translate to teach me Greek hah
jealous. Enjoy dude!
Don't miss the women's basketball game tomorrow at 4 in the Al McGuire Center!
One day you'll wake up & those big things will seem so small and you'll see it was all part of the plan after all
Rumor: Sporting to replace Zambrano w/ Todd Haley for 2012 season. part of the deal though will force Haley to shower & wear clean clothing.
Entering my first Recording contest tomorrow wish me luck? <3 <3
#Jobhunting is like sand on my face in the wind. It's irritating, and things are palpable, but I can't quite grasp them.
i can sing the whole Otis rap by coz im such a swaggah person
yes really
Thanks for the replies, mentions, favorites and retweets last week (Part 2):
Lol! Yes, the krill part I enjoyed quite a bit;)
Dont forget to help support the Girl Scouts and Order, Buy & Pick Up your box or boxes of Girl Scout Cookies (and they are so good !!!)
No training ride today thanks to a steady #rainout. I guess I'll just have to double down the mileage on Sunday's route
legit. I almost got one that said Don't Need It.
Holy Derrick Rose
Its Ok , I Understand Your Lazyness LOL :)
Online math - need to ask about how any of these address accessibility.
Nice!! LAX traffic officers to keep traffic moving in a customer-friendly manner with helpful handouts and coupons for free coffee!!
I mowed the grass during the winter (today)!
sweet twitter. :)
my car is at the rugby house. Otherwise I'd be getting it rn. :/
When does the first Episode of #LabRats come on? I cant wait to see it! :)
...did u expect to c chicks at a RUSH show? Geddy is the hottest chick there!! Kidding
Thanks :) I guess I'll let you know if it works
What a lovely morning.... Great way to start the day... >;D <3
Its Cinco De Mayo (:
I don't get told that I get told I'm sexyAF!!
Don't find love... Let it find you...
School... <U+E411>but it's a 3 day weeekendd!
Haha! See you in a couple of weeks at SXSWi.
I wish I could tell that person she looks like Donald ducks girlfriend Daisy:/ with out offending her;)
Tomorrow #tampa :)
coming through in a big way tonight with a tribute to #LevonHelm. You will be missed Brother Levon.
i caught a bad virus and in alot of pain
Wow. Unlucky break for the Phillies there. lol
People need to learn the difference between lust and love.
Models, Photographers, MUAs etc looking for free Positive publicity contact me with you Like Pages, Websites etc
You can get them from her after session
No heart Red Sox...
LIVE Music 7-10PM w/ Matt Barron 2NITE! Happy HR 4-7 so come grab some drinks & enjoy some great easy music & amazing food! C U SOON!
-smiles wide and sings "iYiYi- That means I Love You, girl i'll be your everything and all you need -giggles-
wats good boss. I'll be home tomarrow night but I won't be free till Friday afternoon RELs shootin a bid this week you comin?
getting really frustrated.
Tip 6: Ending the Date - If there is a mutual attraction don't forget to get her number and don't expect a kiss on the first date.
I Be Talkingg Recless To The Teachers At Sterrett Cuss They Better Know Who iAm !
Wow George Martin is killing people off like a mother trucker.
When you're worried, write it in the dust and let the rain settle it.
to troubleshoot my lack of phone and Internet -- which I first called about yest. morning. Appt for Wed. now. 6 days later.
Lol Yeah I have all the albums on vinyl. I take them out every now and then.
Greenville struggles to stage comeback
Mostly I like stats week for the exercise. Lots of stairs.
Looking at movie chilling
I wonder if he thinks about me as much as I do about him <|3
Preach. RT : Read at least one newspaper every day
Join us for Pub Trivia tonight and test your knowledge while enjoying great food & drink specials – starting at 7:30pm!
I love my mom but I hate little holidays like this.
good point. I take back my statement.
it's funny cuz ive had a few people tweet me thinking I am talking about Philly past few days haha
“: When you realize you dnt need nobody but God....then you'll understand Life.”<<<AMEN!!!
Open vs Closed Coffin.
RT : Partner news! ADX pouring draft Brew Dr Kombucha for members- White Rose & Lemon Ginger Cayenne.
Congrats ESM Draft CLIENTS! M Brockers 1-Rams R Brooks 4- Bills J Chapman 5-Colts K McCray FA Dolphins L Smith FA Cowboys M Louis FA Texans
Great job Emceeing !
Always bittersweet to see Relay come to an end. To my fellow steering members: You are the best. Miss you already.
Maybe the wife and I will slow down just enough to watch Fellow #Atlanta Moviemaker
question: changes much more fluid in word processing environment - explain
Consider yourself a guest at Oliver!
I don't want to leave ):
But by taking my time I'm concentrating more on enjoying the creation process and less on the end product. It's not as if this were a job.
yeah neither have i ://///
A roach!!
Congratulations on receiving the #40under40 awards!
Just curious...if you aren't from Kentucky, what would actually make you cheer for such a douchebag like Calipari?
Also, used instagram for the 1st time. Not keen on the fact that I can take widescreen pictures w/my phone, yet the app forces a square.
omg I remember him lol aww
please please tell me you went to the xfactor auditions
About to get in my sleeping bag, no pun intended,
DM We are looking for proven entrepreneurs to accelerate mkt penetration. If curious to know more, let me know. 920-450-5404
Yeah it was fun! We missed you
I hope one day someone powerful will say to me, "We've been following your career with great interest." Hehe.
yeah but he's not a household name haha
Sweet dreams!
Twins are in the future.
I'm Just In Love with you ;) haha there are some weird things trending :):
I don't know how I just got over 200 followers since this morning but thanks... whoever you are! It may take a while to follow everyone back
I don't want to alarm you, but I just heard that we only got 4 minutes to save the world. tick tock tick tock tick tock.
“: I feel like I need a nap” same
When we disclaim praise, it only shows our desire to be praised a second time.
new on twitter !
Thank you for all the advice. Good night.
CC Media Holdings, Clear Channel Communications and Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings Set Date for First Quarter 2012 ...
If you're on an #OccupySD committee we'd like to know it! Please reply or dm do we can get a little bit more organized :)
Go Green!! We have #Eco-Friendly CD and #DVD Cases. Call today for info or to order. 800-240-1850 Keep our planet #GREEN www.showcases1.com
By I actually mean that guy who's on TV each morning
Omg lmao sticker!! You get it stick her ! Sticker
y'all niggas think you stunt
Desperately waiting for a Bert update ...What are you two crazy guys up to today?
that's the problem Comcast doesn't carry universal sports only directv!
Masters classes are complete! Way to rise up finish strong and praying HARD for
We are inviting all our customers & followers to make an offer of your choosing on any of our fabrics! SALE ENDS 8/27/2011! iluvfabrix.com
great song ;)
VIRALS STARTING @ $350 HIT ME UP IF YOU "READY"#MOVIE!!
Now following so I can get all the latest news on
Umm *points at TL* RT : the material, knowing the heat will penetrate and be felt against your flesh*
I hope everyone is enjoying their break so far!
Not cool... Did we just recycle LA riots a la 2012? Seriously now.
His autograph is hilarious, looks like a flower o.o haha
the massage ends when u want me to end it xD
When My Grandma Yells At Me It's Hilarious... Imagine A Little Dog Chasing It's Tail.
Bennet's describing the state's whacky accounting. How the state invented $4 billion, then told districts to spend that money
Yaaaaayyy!! Have a great weekend, bud! :)
k, thanks. I'll keep searching for a strongly opinionated answer to that question
hahaha absolutely!!!! (now I want to go to Ohio!!!!)
Tnx I appreciate it!
Woody Paige's chalkboard says TEIAM PLAYER. That's halarious!
Muhammad Ali~ Its just a job. Grass grows birds fly waves pound the sand. I just beat people up.
Loved Harry Potter movie. Nice way to tie it al up...feels like the end of an era
Well I can't believe I wasted over a year of my life on
I'm gonna pick up a bike and a bass tomorrow. I know, right?!
and Terry Taylor was a great wrestler before Red Rooster gimmick. Sometimes the bad ones stick with the fans.
For those of you whom decided to stay in the Big Peach this glorious weekend
awesome job promoting the show at Sasquatch!
ha ha . Too late on the reply ;]
all of these rainy days <<<<
I miss you and love you. <3
For some reason I totally believe that Hudler had no idea that the all star game was in KC this year.
Brooklyn Nets unveil black and white logo
Thanks for following me and add me as well!!!
oh that's good! Idk how you do it. I'll pass out. I can't even do 1 mile.
Feels like a long time
Hey, watch it! From a Clevelander.
I love that.
What did he have to say? ;-)
i know there's sunshine behind the rain..
Back with a sack of hack magic. New Don'tBeAfraidoftheDark podcast very soon.
he doesn't have the legs. No explosion but he's being a facilitator.
no cause I don't like cp3 he's overrated! Not even top 3 pg in the league
u got punkd too funny bro shit was hilarious
#Blackhawks and Brent Seabrook are trending right now.
Latest from coaches and operations crew is that a decision will be made at 6 p.m.
YEAHH. Thats the only reason I havent put pictures up...yet.
last camp day aye
Rise and grind. Today we are working on a presentation and some banners for a local business.
They will be dead soon
Our Bourbon Trail tour with was pretty awesome! Thanks Rob!
Your spouse should be your equal and of the utmost importance to you. You should give them the world or die trying.
just watched "love and other drugs"
If you love me love me unconditional (Future Voice)
#pgmclass is definitely a lot of work, but every time I sit down for a lecture my enthusiasm for the material is reignited
True Success is measured by how many people you care about and have been positivly effected by knowing you.....
Lmao RT : I need to adjust my mustache...my nigga said I'm going for the Dirty Sanchez look...had me weak but I'm still offended
So im sitting here bein bored just finished my project too early and bored dont know what to do xP
they should be able to buy whatever they want!
You should fill out a petition for release and include the proper documentation. The form is available on our website!
I got time what about yo girl TELLE one of the hottest RNB singer's in nap
It was this dude i seen that look like Cameron ! AW <U+2665>
Today should be an interesting day . Hello restless Wednesday.
Love rainy days. Hot tea and catching up on National Geographics.
Thanks to our newest followers!
You were so great at #WPPI I felt like a groupie at the Sony booth but that's ok it was worth it!!
It means you're not female.
Senior project day isn't that bad. We got some French ice cream thing. It was delicious. [:<
Thanks . Which ones?
#askscooter -- does your job ever feel so stressful that you think it's just not worth it anymore?
The song may be "Lazy" but not this guy....
Tempting Tuesday's at One Up Elevated Lounge. Exceptional eats and divine drink specials!!! It's all going down at One Up!!!
Complete w/ online class... time for
RT : Bob Uecker made his debut on this date in 1962 with Milwaukee Braves. Ironic that #Brewers play #Braves tonight!
WelL, i knOw I'Ve sEen some sEcreT mEssages fRom you oN here before WAhLberg! ;)
Panasonic showing off very sleek lithium ion home storage modules at
Get any projects accomplished this weekend? After a refreshing weekend, we are back here in the office and ready to serve you!
lol he did. But I was sleepy.
For American and US Air, it could only get better...! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
done deal my man....he hit me yesterday, we'll do it for sure.
happy birthday !!!
yes sir
getting ready to style fr celebs fr EMMY AWARDS RED CARPET ...
Gettin a job hard as hell when yu ain't got no car or transportation.....
First quiz of the quarter - no problem.
Why can't they understand the way we feel. They just can't trust what they can't explain
Fina get in my gucci mode..if u ain't fuckin wit gucci..u a lame..I'm sorry
No problem! Best of luck with the move, Elie!
What can you do different this week than you did last week in order to sell your products or services online?
Boom! Yep! That's a catch!
Today is the last day of the week, YES (-:
Have you decided to be a part of the #lakehoustonarea #homeandgardenshow yet? did!! So excited to work with u!
XD for sure, the downside is, I need to rebuy 90% of my games.
- Congratulations on your Forty Under 40 recognition as well! Well deserved!
10% off all IN STORE PURCHASES with a 2012 ticket stub from the #Cleveland #Autorama. Valid till March 31st, 2012.
YOU LIE! Hamas has used Hospitals, Ambulances and Mosques!! STOP YOUR LIES! That is EXACTLY what the terrorists do!
Ops, Kenji not Ken. See! Told you I'm the wrong one. Rick is busy playing the mayor in Vancouvria.
We are failing today's kids because we failed their parents. In some cases, because we failed their grandparents - Kaya Henderson
Lets go lakers
Scotch labels sometimes say "single/single" which means single malt from single barrel only about 250 btls can be filled from a barrel. Yum!
I'm not making excuses, but you have to be 18 to get in. Or get a waiver signed by a legal guardian. I apologize.
I am too old to be waking up at 3am. This baby of mine is aging me in dog years.
I know... I probably should restrain my sense of humor.
Hey! How are you doing?
Loved song! Why I have I never heard this song before? So good.
Heading to UCB soon then tomorrow to a comedy audition.
I love when people who I miss text me. Made my morning as corny as it sounds.
Thanks Tom!! We couldn't be happier! Every year it gets better!
say something baby dont be shyy
Thanks so much for the tweet!
How insulted is Donnie Kelly for getting replaced by Inge and his stellar .059 batting average. Go
no worries- the curriculum companies have free ones. You can still get your tote bag on.
we have 0 eggs at home
OK, here's the deal: we aren't a great team but neither are the Raiders. So I predict we're gonna kick their ass.
#RNGEEZIE woohooo. They can't throw them off. That's unacceptable.
Virtual high-five! What's the next Scoutmob spot you plan to hit?
Fight off those rainy day blues with a delicious, hot meal from Chilorio's! Dine in or carry out. Can't wait to see you soon!
I LOVE the Happy Mothers Day video! Your SO BLESSED! xo
Hi Nathanial, Did you see my email via Molly? I'm glad to work sm more.
thank goodness, you can't be good at EVERYTHING~ can you? :)
If holiday indulgences are getting the best of you, ramp up your cardio by trying a spin class, cardio kickboxing or dance class.
jk i think i should record another one tomorrow
Next table over is questioning the meaning of life via quantum mechanics. Just another Wed. afternoon. Maybe I'll overhear some answers...
thanks Ron! You as well :)
LOL well it still hurts when you bite your tongue in your mouth on accident. Daammiit.
Superb Mayoral debate tonight! shows that he's not looking for blame, he's looking for solutions!
I wish I had friends to long board and do things with to bad everyone hates me. Forever alone
I just met in the parking lot. Yay for meeting Tweet peeps in person. Who's next?
All of mine lost today also....BO!!!! However, Thanks for the awesome weather Jeff.
He said u heard of 50 cent? They call me 40 percent!! Lmao
hey this is Maggie! This is my band can you follow and maybe mention us? #ily :)
im a cheapass...we played mini golf and went to the mirror maze.
Who else is listening to love songs to get in the mood for #Valentines?
nicely inspiring.
Just finished at the playground w/ Aidan. Time for supper, story & bed.
Dang Kohl Center data connection ... Makes live tweeting impossible.
Hi babe, tweet me back okay.
Church evicted because property was sold and given 11 days to move? Lawrence township that was low.
Wait until you're reaching the end of your life. You'll be swimming in the bullshit.
Free raffle ticket with purchase to the first 50 guests today 4 the raffle during superbowl... no cover great drink prices!!!
looking mad & upset like he was gonna cry..
- "The job of a leader is to rally people to a better future." Marcus Buckingham, author
Down right fierce.
thank goodness she's finally gone!!!go Lisa kill em'
Obama to visit Seattle Sunday - be traffic and TFR advised.
Had a great evening. Went to see Titanic in 3D with Alaina.
Olive Garden. :)
mentions. are. dead. toe. is. sad.
Bryce Harper is the same age as me and I envy him
Bron is in need of help! RT As of the moment, all signs point to: LBJ (Cle), Wade + Bosh(Mia), Boozer(Chi), Amare(NY).
im tired
don't know how much I believe peeps going to see fireworks had an impact on party affiliation
#MMchat Near and dear to my heart. Looking forward to it! Cheers
The dog is the only animal that has seen his god. ~Author Unknown
Our message is simple......make the best choice you possibly can..... Happy New Year! 2012 is a gift.....BE CHOOSEY!
Hello Thursday! Does anyone have a crave for good sushi, bento box? Let's get raw, y' all;D
was so bored by Kate w and Mickey R's nonstop selfathons that am back wid me NCIS YAYYYYY
C'NERGY hits the stage at in the International Plaza from 7:30-11:30pm!!
Did you know that the word "Robot" was coined by Josef Capek in the 1910s and means serf labor in Czech (referring to drudgery or hard work)
Don't let your mouth get you into something your ass can't handle....
RT : M.O.M. Comedy Mix release party ! May 31st. W For $5adv tix go to h ...
I wish everyone happiness, and havingness at this time and ongoing. peace.
You are so welcome! We try! RT : thank you for always having awesome food!
Girl. Sisters were so nosy. "Whatchu writing bout?" Hilar.
I really am truly blessed. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Dyson on. This calls for two sac bunts to get him to third.
I guess this is what happens when you have a lot of emotion or something
you can use twitter karma to keep followers and delete unfollowers and grow your reach and quota ;)
night night
preciate the follow.
yeah, that sounds good. (: i'll just ask my madre later today!
Awesome your the best! Have a great day RT : it was delicious as always :)
cant go back to sleep..thinkin about the one dat belong to me..ihope she realize im here for her..she always got my heart
Happy Birthday big guy! Welcome to the Terrible Twos
I would pin a corsage to your face if I thought it would distract the world from your withered oily t-zone.
There had better be some white agents monitoring this election. Call the DNC out if there's not.
your line for pet smart is so adorable!! I have 4 babies and I can't wait to go shopping
Never Let Me Go (film version) = empty bummer calories.
365 days? We should have had champs yesterday not coffee. Bad to have andrea's laptop stolen ! Tx 4 todos.
1905- From a public auction of railroad land the town of #LasVegas Nevada founded.
lmao ... Chile that woman ..!!! Lol in gone need a blunt lol
Zusi has a minor quad strain, so he's unavailable for today's game vs Vancouver.
2 days off = 222 unread emails? Where can I hide?
what happens when he gets fired and he is the Kentucky coach in '13?
#NewYorkKnicks are looking great right now and giving me some faint hope.
how's la treating you
Aw Shucks... #rupaulsdragrace WTF Wrestling!!!! Do it Girls!!!!... Who needs RAW... when you can go RAAAWWWWWW
I don't really like putting lip gloss on and making my lips all glittery.akdhjid.I'm a chapstick person.
haha I'll start next week!
When someone talking shit about and you stare at them like.. How could you hate on that.. Then start yelling at them. :D
interesting blog!
he's not coming till like next year and Taylor might come with us cause i told both of u that u could come with me and eric
OH HELLS NAW!! Don't Even Mention The Radiers GET Out Of The BRONCOS Country! Okayy. You Like Radiers Move To Okaland
#Lackey, The Sleeping Beauty. Another unintentional reread. Excellent, hilarious mashup of various fairy stories, including the Ring Cycle.
please tell me ABC's mid-season press release was a joke?
I love the mothers day google. Its so cute. Made me smile.
Looking forward to it
I wish Capture One Pro was supported by ColorChecker PassPort.
hi, my names devin and i take naps on the coronado golf course.
What? Sitting down doing nothing? Make your way to Spelman for the second showing of the student films.. starts in 30 in Cosby LL31
Be definitive in your vision and you will see it before your eyes with laser cut precision
create a content calendar for your social media posts, google calendar is color coded and easy to use
So there's a rumor going around that Usher died in a car accident. I hope that it is false. Guess ill find out in the morning. GN :)
Congrats to Serena Williams for her fourth #wimbledon title. International Sports are dominating the scene in early July.
just ditch bro haha
When Library Journal reviews really diss, I've seen "Recommended for large collections with generous budgets."
A breakfast containing eggs will make you feel full longer than cereal does, new study shows
Congratulations, you are the winner! Please DM me or email me at with your mailing address. You
It must be spring, no matter what the temperature is. The cat has abandoned my office for the sun porch.
You're welcome! :)
of course dude, you deserve it. Keep making insane remixes and you'll easily be on top in no time.
People in Portland are thirsty, jeeze. And not for drinks.
As crazy as everything is, at least I get out in time to see the sun set every night.
episodes of 'hoarders' are piling up on my DVR. i want to save them; not delete them! what's wrong wi- oh, no. oh god, it's happening.
Really looking fwd to rallying Arlington YDs tonight at Carpool along with and on by!
Here 2 prep 4 ur NBC shoot airing SuperBowl Sunday! Now...if mom and I could just get u up....wakey wakey sleeping beauty!!
#americanhorrorstory is a great show but it can be very story. You won't regret it.
Bench if I don't work on his skills. RT what position does he play?
One of those awesome Honey BBQ Chicken Strip Sandwiches, please!
hey so where you from?? :)
Just completed the cinnamon challenge successfully... for now...
....is it for my compilation?
but it's you that's on top of the beauty list.
“ I'm here at the K supporting Jackie Robinson Day. #42 #5” nice! now if only we can get the #royals to play like
thank-you punk!!!;)
even on my birthday you're mean to me...
When it<U+FFFD>s cold, the testes move in closer to the body for warmth. The opposite happens when it<U+FFFD>s warm.
should put,been a part in "recent years". Shit has changed in the past 5 years. Camping out for garbage with a limited tag
ready 4 these nba playoffs
Watching a scary movie
I'm seeing Sean Parker Presentation with Al Gore at SXSW 2012.
you must be tryna get lit up you ol Jive turkey!
Discover what you've known all along.
wow thats so selfish of you
and plot it and see which area of US has more reds and which ones have more greens
www.seductiveDreamWear.com Check it out SEXY
:-) RT “: i think it's everyone's dream to sellout but at the right point #WebSeriesChat”
I hope there is some cursory investigation going on.
Mix it up ;-) I just had a killer greek salad w/ chix
...oh man, haven't seen that version for ages.
Thanks for the retweet!
The only "Super Committee" the President and Congress needs to listen to right now is the one in the streets of America
I suppose you are right but Monday is a distant memory now so it could just be the faded pain talking ;)
All I Want Is 2 Fat Bitches & A Bag Of Doritos So I Can Give 2 Tha Fat Bitches
The hungriest players who've been through the most are the ones that ultimately achieve their hoop dreams.
RT : A3: Trying to do too much all at once.
Need a friend? Text me. Need a laugh? Call me. Need money? This number is no longer in service.
Hell Yeah You Know
Thanks for the suggestion. It's definitely on the roadmap.
Had a great night at the Bluebird! Thanks to all my friends who came out!
But really exactly a month until school is out!
Ill be sleep in 2hrs and 30 mins... I hope.
I know what you mean man, i was jumping for joy when that came out!
Char-Q gives great advice, we'll whisper it in your ear next show. #don'tdothatdothis
MY MUSIC NOW CALLED PROFESSIONAL MYSTERY.
If U don't have a problem w/the life U R leading; then there shouldn't be any complaints about the harvest U reap from the seeds you've sown
LOL! Good for you. Did you find out how to fix the hack? It's still tweeting how to slim down.
it's over. I don't think jews do that, though.
Is the Dallas Morning News web site under a denial-of-service attack? I have not been able to get to the site at all this evening.
I feel so blessed to have the ability to fly wherever whenever on a whim. :-)
Do continue the story and let me know what a senior pharmacist does in UK to affect a patient-doctor relationship.
Girl just called me & says wassup lil shit head bitch ?? All I could say was bye <<<<<< Wack af to call ya self or friends bitches n hoes
Really? Where im frm if ur bestfriend isn't cool w, smebdy then thats their issue. Can't hate tht person over yo friend beef
When the team really needs someone to step up uberbust Wes Johnson content on doing absolutely nothing to help the team
#Tulip is pretty great. I just remember the remarkable martinis thanks to Have Fun:)
Ha! My kinda party. RT That awesome moment when DnD group starts singing all of our actions to The Light in the Piazza.
thank you for everything you have done for the fans and taps, may god bless u and good luck,THANK U
well if you decide to move you have a friend up here :) It's good to get away from bs... My week's been alright. Yours?
literally i didnt know they would become famous so fast......UGHSKLFJLKSJFLKSJDF
Happy April Fool's Day! So when U open the studio door &C a long line of gorgeous women, whose gonna laugh then? :)
I Know Right!!!! you need to do a song with It would be amazing please.. Cody
Dig a Pony is my favorite bar there. Plus, it has hipsters. Portland hipsters = best people watching ever.
and just think, ALL the cute girls would be talking about you!
I miss flip flops
you should have joined! We're rehearsing for Friday
really?!? That's so cool!! U should if ya want! I would!
#primaryschoolconfessions my first boyfriend was John Smith.. Yea I felt like Pocahontas.. Jp
when is it coming out?
watching fresh prince ! ! aint watched dis in a lil minute !
NP: Drake & The Weeknd-The Zone
EVERYONE I GOT HACKED SO FOLLOW ME!!!! ITS MY NEW ACCOUNT
need some work later on WR's HMU lol
: football is a distraction from academics and learning to compete in the global economy
This is hot!Thanks Ruby:)
Bobby where are you? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Hopes throws some mean balls today at the game ! Good luck best friend ! :) <3
The sec is dominating the CWS. Better put on that #Rallycap girl
Hear a girl crying on phone crying saying "mom i dont want a basket on my bike!"
Don't be surprised I don't trust you with shit
I don't have it anymore ):
wish there was some way to like tweets!
Considering a CD purchase. Recommendations? Any Bruno Mars albums worth it? cc:
do you know your link goes straight to godaddy.com??
ouch.. it's supposed to be me & you forever & ever.. :(
we're in the front. It's pretty empty.
Heading home..picking up some wine on the way...need relaxation and a massage!!!
Mayweather is taking Cotto down!:D
I've been known to start singing
Hi Cynthia! I see you're interested in fishing. My rom-com's heroine gives it a try - and falls in the river! LOL!
How often do you and your counterparts at your sister networks get together?
where are you going? I'll be in Seattle for the Privacy Identity Innovation conference #pii2012 & then SF
& have no fear. Common Man is here in bottles and kegs are coming. Text me if you want one
Yeah it was in Oct 2007. Im betting that they are fake.
R/T in the building wit
4 followers till 1k help me out! I'll return the favor.
Hi Kerry, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
yes its the U2 song the show is named after
WOAH I CAN BREATHE RIGHT AGAIN!
Who do you think was the greatest general in military history?
I voted...
sorry that you have to work above them. Does their incompetence seep through the floor and affect you?
I love you. Countdown to Thanksgiving
no wonder you didn't call!
Vegas .... Success
I hope you had a family holiday season! We keep talking about running up to NYC so this may be the perfect time!
#ndpl calisphere.com provides tools (widgets, local collections, google map overlays) that allow libraries to create their own. Neat
i swear every Monday....somebody new sends me a naked picture....of myself. smh
I will know by April the 21st if we are going to have enough funding, to start the production of Airwolf "Hawkes Rainbow", I need Prayers!
my favorite thing about this photo is the star spangled pony in the background. I want that! M
Supposed to be learning Phoebe from As You Like It. I'm not. I'm panicking about opening night of Violet Sharp.
These nigga's now aday all talk I ain't buyN it
let me chew on bark in peace.
congrats babygirl <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> I'm so I'm so I'm so proud of you !
#grammylive All the #grammy2011 artists must make sure the hydrate and rest their voices tomorrow! Best of LUCK TO ALL!
Raspberry Martini ~ Stoli Raspberry Vodka, Stoli Blueberry Vodka, Cranberry Juice, Pineapple Juice, Pureed Raspberries
I'm assuming that's a product of your best writer
Well said on that last tweet
YUMMY!! Doesn't get any better than that.. #HAPPYMAC&CHEESE!
mine good, I hope my moms was even better, if only they hadn't brought mine 10mins before hers and hadn't slammed it on the table...
Okay I give up
How are you celebrating #CincodeMayo? We would love to be part of your fiesta!
It official! annavivette.com is up:) take a listen if you dare;)
I know the feeling. There where times at college where I thought I would start the game but coach changed his mind
Many thanks! RT Happy #WW Authors
slurping soup always make me violent....
$20 Veal Saltimbocca tomorrow at Osteria, just mention this tweet before you order. Dine in only! 47 day to go!
Os The Best In The NBA
That right there is the story of my life.
Nah, I didn't, but okay. Just making sure. I was a little worried you might have died or something.. o.o
Thanks to the interstate highway system, it is now possible to travel from coast to coast without seeing anything. - Charles Kuralt
what's your favorite thing to do when you are not working???
m jealous
From way down town!!
Hey! Sadly I do not own a Santa suit! I wish I had one!
Got to spend time with all 4 of my wonderful kids and beautiful wife today -we watched Ratatouille. These are the best moments in life!
Had to retweet that sorry lol
I miss your tweets....
had a nice lunch with and
by who?
im so bored!!!! help me fix this problem!!!!
It's the same way that objects work. They're tagged with their type, which is used to lookup behavior when messages are received
how long have you been home ? Im good
Can u imagine how much I'd freak out if told me something? YAY, u don't know enough...(like it's not going 2 happn)...
Sun is shining, birds are chirping, feeling good... hope it's going to be one of those weeks!
My roomie has moved out. I really miss his cat.
Our salon prides itself on service!! RT Doing my nails 's Nails
is as soothing in real life as in Reading Rainbow. Doing well by doing good are not mutually exclusive
Tits. I hate going to school knowing I'm gonna be late <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0093>
no, the fact that he tweeter about McCollum. So random.
Softball is canceled>>
Rosie and I will be your bridesmaids. I promise, you won't remember a thing
Just about ready to eat... having my twin sons over tonight... They are 36 years old... great to be with
Credit Unions are like , they don't charge for checked bags!
If you want a vision of the future, imagine a boot stamping on a human face - forever
I wore pants and a dress shirt today ... the A/C in our building is broken. #whyME ??
Thanks for the compliment.
Shout out to
great presentation by Brian Sacawa from at
The Texas Rodeo: a place where you can fry anything on a stick and it is absolutely necessary to watch your every step
Happy Easter everyone!
Michaiah, My Best friend ever, i miss you and love you too!
There is no doubt the #Angels blow this game...
deffinition of characterRT : The true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.”
I just had to wipe a tear from my eye and somberly pet my Dreamcast that I had stuffed to remind me of Sega's glory days.
Stop by pier 17 Miami boat show, I'll buy you a cocktail
YES!! #GEORGELUKAS is donating affordablehousing solution in NOCA for poor! THANKS GEORGE!!!!!!!!!!
damn that is crazy!
"Decide what to be and go be it!" - Edge
peace im out for awhile be on later tonight :)
"We will be back in the same position a year from now, looking at service cuts and...more fare increases." - MassDOT Sec. Davey
TONIGHT ONLY!!!! TRX Demo at RAIN FITNESS begins at 5:30pm!!! Only 3 spots left.
My last facebook picture was taken two days before my birthday...last year
To this day I still taste that first kiss. How I prayed it wouldn't end
That was the sweetest pic ever. :(
All I do is listen to music all day everyday
I'm about to give up on Chrome just because the spell check sucks so bad, seriously google? You can do better than this....
Safe Word Why Didn’t You say the Safe Word? Oh Yea Mouth Gag.... How About Safe Gesture?
Congress and the house wants a raise, they say they're way underpaid. But say no to pay increase for teachers.
Can't wait to start my second run of Insanity workouts when I get back from my honeymoon!
Thanks for fav'ing my tweet! Have an awesome day!
Still in need of FEMALE extras for tomorrows shoot. PLEASE PLEASE send email to and we would GREATLY appreciate it!
Done with the #Pens tweets for tonight. If you want to talk why I'm more awesome than you, I'm all ears. And cock.
This looks doable
So yeah, who's an idiot who forgot their Brewer tickets at home? THIS GUY. #FML Sorry // either way
Oh yes.... Everything is ok. Just had alot of changes. Thank you for asking!
What's going on at VIR?
Avoid energy drinks for at least 2 hours before workouts/games. They are high in caffeine and sugar which can lead to unexpected crashes
the drummer for his first album is LP from Yellowcard
Thank you so much Deborah. <3
what is it??
When girls can text you all day and not get boring.
": Just shove me against a wall and fuck me already."
Fun Easter Sunday with the family out here in NY tomorrow. Went out and bought all the youngest of the fam. some toys and chocolate bunnies.
thank you so much Anna Louise. This made my night. #iloveyoumore I feel the exact same way about you. I miss you so much. :(
People can be so damn stupid! !!.
Ah! I am seeing so many Cuse updates! Have fun! You should go to Flint and get written up for old times sake! :)
hi lady. I'm actually working it. I'll secretly cheer for you. Miss u
Listening to The Postal Service's "Such Great Heights" and it is glorious! #2000's
My feet hurt so fricken bad
sometimes I feel like pandora knows me better than I know myself
Thanks for sharing! What resonated w/ you and who did you recognize?
Not really surprising, still sad: Singer #AmyWinehouse found dead at her apartment in London,UK Press Association reports, She was 27
Tom Cruise to play Van Helsing
Tonight at Sundara in Flagstaff
Thanks you! We are super excited about it!
This one BITCH be hating xD
my poor boyfriend lol hope he gets a fast recovery!
Now I know why this is my first visit to Lenox Grille
SO proud of my fellow Zags who will be graduating this weekend :) Take in every moment of graduation, because it goes by quick! CONGRATS!
BLAKE'S A CUTIE
Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
haha yes!! its one of my fav covers! :) <333
Being grounded is starting to piss me off feels like I'm on a goddamn leash -_- I hate being home thinkin' bout bouncin' still.
Blackberries r like girls, they only work when u rub 1 little button iPhones r like men 1 touch, anywhere & they respond
I look forward to many hours of listening to that ridiculous song :)
I should spell the band correctly. Polica.
Just had some fried fish with hot sauce! Panama is on point right now!
J Force back in San Francisco Bay Area interviewing for a variety of employment possibilites...Arizona...San Jose...
Looking forward to serving the Port Catholic Fundraiser tomorrow night at Country Inn & Suites in Port Washington. Always a good time!
#ThingsISayWhileReadingMyTL "I want to meet this person"
. Seriously, when did the start competing with for readership?
CEO & downtown
The blame game is real
Nothing cooler then chillin on the curb waiting for my bro Bob to re up checking out hott babes walking around the hood. Pff whatever.
Thanks for the follow!!!
"Stoop kid afraid to leave his stoop"
First gay club exper amazing
i Brought Them Twins Wit Me Maan CLICK & CLACK !
Anytime we have "financial aid" our "dating" in our post title, they get tons of (auto?) tweets. Doesn't drive additional traffic tho
Follow us on Twitter, @ PDXpopalock
Price of 1 Apple share (AAPL) = price of 1 new iPad including sales tax. Decisions, decisions .....
Tell me why I all ways fall for your type I just can't explain this shit at all!!!
I just saw ya on espn
Congrats ! RT Big crowds at dntwn restos & bars last pm are reminder of how much a strong Pacers team brings to
hey dj, will u b going 2 the benefit 4 Rudy 2mrw @ the Priory? www.rudywalker.com/benefit Peace ~ Rock
what time
Thank you! RT
Your Dad belongs innthe HOF NOW!!!
only 5x?? But for serious, have a great show and let's hang soon!! Jay reatard doc at the roxie tomorrow, any interest?
my stomach hurt you should rub it for me
Lambeau for New Years? Consider it done.
“If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.” A. Lincoln
#NatGas Revolution "Exciting," says commentator "You can have all this money pouring into #WV economy." goo.gl/v2YkD
A bunch of screaming children woke me up from my sleep. You better believe bitches gon' get cut.
good luck bro!! Go Big Blue!! Make us proud. One more win and your off to super bowl!!
I sometimes forget I can fast forward through commercials on my DVR
yeah!! Thank you ;p
Fortenberry: one approach is to put students in authentic, experiential learning situations that require non-textbook thinking.
Shoulder pain seems to actually be a sore deltoid (from what I can tell). Feeling old and feeble sucks.
Got out of bed, used bathroom,walked to my car,phone rang,quick convo,looking for Bluetooth,wait....REALIZED I WAS NAKED LMAO
i love you like alot. l0l
We're glad you enjoyed yourselves! Come back for a visit any time :)
Nothing like working on a #Saturday no one in the office #got to love it
Never expected such a shitty start to 420
here is a word that hasnt been used when discussing "safety net for the unemployed, poor,hungry Americans".EMPLOYMENT!! Not too complicated.
Off to slay the dragons on Set of the upcoming short film"A HEART OF GOLD" Filming my scenes over the next 48 hours. More info shall follow!
just kill me
We offer a variety of themed suites, each offering a different and unique experience. Click on The Rooms for options aladdinhotelmiami.com
Watching Empire Strikes Back with the crew. :)
The greatest danger for most of us is not that our aim is too high and we miss it, but that it is too low and we reach it. ~Michelangelo
:) Thank you! Have a beautiful Sunday!
that moment wen niggas start acting like a female -_-
Spokane this weekend!
Couldnt b there in person,but got 2 see(via internet) MY PASTOR Terry K. Anderson back in the pulpit after fighting a brain tumor.
Fa yall that think yall gettin over on me ur not...im laughin @ u...im still ballin on yall ass with the same shot...
Thanks for sharing your positive view of TransforMED's tools and resources!
my wife enjoys that little perk. I'm a little tall.
Can u please follow Me(: please !
What was she doing? lol
Was it as fun as it looked? Cool.
omg Have fun! And thank you so much (: It's always really nice when people do that and mean it. Some fans go unnoticed (c)
Back already?
cool dude how bout u?
All I need is to reference an item that would be recognizable as desirable but hard/rare to acquire.
: "Poverty highest it's been in 50 years, we must lower it by empowering #entrepreneurs."
so is he luken?
Lmaoo, its all god thoe :D
Man it's to early for basebal
2011 was one of the best years of my life. Looking forward to what's in store for 2012...
thanks my man
We finally made it!!:) Now let's enjoy this SPRING BREAK to the FULLEST !!:D
THIS IS IT! Last day to audition ror MethLab. Talk to Matt McIver-go do it.
Although, point seems to be iBookstore agreements irrelevant---agreement now happens in production rather than distribution
It is always wise to look ahead, but difficult to look farther than you can see. -Winston Churchill
Too much dick riding
it was!!
Preparing for a very big day!
what's touch?!? They stole my Jack!
Ticker tape parade for the Giants. Give yourself extra time to get downtown if you are trying to get the The Statue of Liberty or Ellis...
Great Deal this week! Order LG 2-topping Pizza + Cinnamon Stix & 4-pack Pepsi for $12. Pick up, Dine-in or Delivery Mon-Thur.
you looky like a man!
im up for no reason knowing i have to work tomorrow oO
#OnTheLastDayOfSchool I will not be at school I be in California on the last day!!!! :)
Condi would be awesome in every way, but she is too smart to do it. I would pay to see that VP debate though!
branding is the experience, and advertising is the temptation - Bruce Duckworth
I mean in terms of the time span of the story
Really stoked about rehearsal tonight. Going to be another great Sunday this week
hear ya man. Entertainment is saturated.Having depraved reality TV to compete with. Eventually they're going to televise execution.
summer! great year with great people
That's ok man cause i like the abuse.
I corrected myself!
good meeting a music head!
Our post offices will go unnamed? RT : Is there any reason not to abolish the US Senate?
Metta WORLD-PIECE-OF-CRAP
i just wanna cuddle right now ..
I can't believe it - now I'm following TWO office supplies tweeters. I might need an intervention...
all natural is a beautiful thing ...unless your marrying a whitenguy get the triple H's ;P
yo! Update ur shit every once in a while bra! Follow people to get more followers!!
Yup im crashin here 2nite! Lol feels good to be off work now lets party!
At least they aren't called the Terrible Towels here.
- great talk by Dr. A at the TSFL training session today "let's capture the health of all Americans"
Quit being OCD and go to bed, please! Annoyance.
:) Oh Hey there!! I'm doing Great How about you?
Your arguments have been on point tonight.
Elaine David Hernandez Giarelli XI I am gonna kick your ass! With either my deadly karate or a funnoodle whichevers easiest!
THEN WHO WAS FONE?!
Hey everyone
Rise, Shine, & Grind
Had one great shift in my men's hockey league game. Some NHL players would be proud.
Thanks for the follow!
it looks good, I guess. It will be another superhero movie. That is all :/
I want you too , at Hagen come here .
Hi Leon! I wanted to let you know that I love your work and tell you that your so talented even though you already know that!
If you are not willing to help yourself don't expect someone else to do it for you!You must take responsibility for yourself before others …
you have me addicted to
Thanks I have that Elton John swag.
Thanks for the follow! Congrats on making the list.
I'm on East coast time and I should be tired but I'm in VEGAS!
Forever is a long time.
Two more TV reporter cover letters complete and ready to be sent out.
driving with joanna = an adventure
Wow! Hotter than hell in Orlando. It's gonna be hard to think science when you are staying at a spring break hotel
I shall always remember "big bite" from my teacher.
. Thanks again for the awesome guest post Jeremy... It was awesome running around the show with you!
Well, that's just fine, Ryan. If you hate joy and creativity, it's no pin off my board!
RT : All of the Northwest Digital Archives finding aids are now also in #archivegrid. Yay & many thanks to NWDA contributors!
why wouldnt they sell them. Stadium would have snapped them up...,
because you said if people send you stuff you'd follow them and me and Maddi made that shirt and you only followed her! :(
OH OH LMAO
soulja boy was always trash
man, our funding just went international. 5 bucks from china!
Follow the amazing, sweet, and beautiful girl! ---> !!<3 Love this lil mama! :)
sweet! Sounds funn(:
Why ROI is important. RT : Americans will be cool with gov't shutting down, but there will be rioting if Internet goes out.
Hello #Texas! I have lot sof new jobs opening up within Manpower. It is a busy day here at Corp HQ :
Holding down Precinct 135 in Ward 5 for !!
Can we teach just by asking questions? What if we spend our days just asking questions? Why give answers? Isn't that what google is for?
What GSU places are open over the summer?
ya, I think that's a great gift!! Also, if mom is planning to breast feed a Boppy is great
Pot of gold be please be there! RT The way I see it, if you want the rainbow, you gotta put up with the rain. - Dolly Parton
Let's get productive.
This nigga had me watch Stupid Hoe and I want to commit suicide.
The first name of the front desk asst. at my optometrist's office: See
If anyone could cheer me up, that'd be awesome.
Life is not just about the value you seek. It's about the values you stand for. ~
The HotAir article addresses the changes in the updated EO.
S/O to for trying to help me out. I really appreciate it..! How it all work out.
What is going on with you?
What a great opening! #INSPIRING : Me too. RT : Watching #FMC!
Princess diaries!! OMG.
Coldplay is overrated.
Nothing works unless I do. I love quieting my mind and visualizing what I want, but taking action is fundamental.
12 = 3 (the Holy Trinity) X 4 (the four cardinal directions on Earth)
I know right . Like sit yo ass down . Y'all will all split that 10 dollars child support 5 ways pump your brakes -_- .
“: When is that?” oh, there are 50,000 #cementheads coming starting tomorrow
“: true the night is young lol what do you have in mind!?” you girls are nuts! But let me know:)
It's that time 4 me both eyes closed
one of the cities neighborhoods. you can find 700 different stores.
Born to win
Hey just a heads up...we won't be playing bball this Sunday, should be back on schedule next week though
back to the Pack? That would be awesome!
"RT : Only girls who are full or semi exhibitionists can retweet this one..." Who wears clothes at home? That's so lame lol
Ladies free all night tonight right behind Beamers hottest after hour
a cool? xD
You know we love us Lanier! Haha you should come out for spring awakening.
crud. We rescheduling again?
babygirl, you're allowed the cry! I'm here for you always, stay strong.
MOMENT CAME ON PANDORA IM ABOUT TO CRY
Its NBA hour.
Healthy employees are more productive employees. If you want a healthier workforce, call the Y at (414) 274-0806.
- any author in particular? Where is the heather on the hills? Where are the sheep? And the bagpipes?
I've seen that talk b4. he mainly focus on Self determination theory. He's vry good & has lots research behind what he says
night twitter..
told me yesterday RT “: Weather channel Y U NO tell me it's going to rain today...?”
yo mom will get us on there for sure lol
yeah!!! Putty is close !
Just got done reviewing the launch of the first Lab Xpress franchise. They are slated to open in a couple of weeks! Roll-out is started!!!
Off to my #LeapDay date with at !
I hate al of you
RIP #MCA. Adam Yauch will always be remembered for his fresh rhymes, musical ingenuity & political conscience.
That's nine! New #Dodgers record for Aaron Harang - one away from Tom Seaver's MLB record of 10 straight strikeouts.
my man blessings TGIF baby!!! What u up to today
juicy! Can't wait to learn more :)
Saved by the bell marathon!!! YES
That is what my husband is watching too. LOL ": My Husband is watching Worlds Dumbest I think he lost his mirror!"
"can we take turns blowing on each other?-
In '04 I played a news anchor in the #SnoopDogg film #LARiot Spectacular. Actual footage ran as I filmed my reporting scene.
I'm at school. And I mean me. Not Brain. Lol.
I wish I could lose $2 billion and everyone would be surprised that the government is even "focused" on the fact.
Is it weird that after i sneeze i say "bless me"?
Great point. You can actually send your deal to friends through the App once you upload it. If 2+ ppl buy, your offer doubles
awesome piece on 60 Minutes - love what you're doing for vets.
cancelling Community and 30 Rock ALSO!?!? OH SWEET whats coming now some more singing shows!?! Jesus christ. TERRIBLE DECISION NBC.
RT you can use Windows 7 photo gallery RT : what is a good photoshop program?
omg so adorable
just in case you forgot...vote for the HC #homecoming nominees and Roman Nelson! Do it now!
I tweeted you back what's good
Getting ready for Association for Asian Studies in Toronto next week---wonder what the hash tag will be??
Revis can't be happy RT : Bills announce contract extension with WR Stevie Johnson
Good Morning Farmers...Swing by today & say Hello to your fellow Farm friends.
i dont have my phone anymore, cause yanno. but okay :)
Idgaf if im annoying yall rn lol all i want is a simple answer
On my way to NY for the #RookieDebut and Draft, excited to meet our draft eligible players
sounds good to me!
I need my headphones back! I'm dying today
#WhyDoiAlways remember the things that i want to forget the most
RT " : Not at all. Tarheels are not that funky." << Hilarious!!
Registration is open and instructors are beginning to trickle in as their flights arrive.
The GOP had made it impossible to discuss anything logical. : The GOP has made it basically impossible to discuss foreign policy
Halfway done with my final comp paper.
NNL* stat today re: Pujols going 37 consecutive ABs w/out a HR 28 other times in his career (including 105 last spring) was legit
I think I messed up Tyler & Kayla relationship <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
A free tasting of goodies from Gotta Eat Sweets this Friday the 11th from 6:00-8:00 PM, only @ The Chocolate Library 111 St Marks Place
omg i have a new application on this thing
“: Happy Birthday enjoy:-)”Thank You!!!
RT : Ready, set, go! #BbTLC2012 officially started this morning with more than 310 participants. Have fun colleagues!
I guess I'll just have to get all my bikes encased in titanium from now on.
you see it?
Yup, still quite long, but I think better! :)
If u were to reblog all ur likes on tumblr and u know damn well it will get u in trouble then u aren't a good partner n u can't be trusted.
Going to the Champions area off of FM 1960. Delivering a 30 yard dumpster for a total house clean out. That is some serious summer cleaning!
“If you realized how powerful your thoughts are, you would never think a negative thought.”– Peace Pilgrim
Yes, we have chickens here too. And some of them are on farms.
Check out link to My Visual Tours.......click and view visual property of my listings. Have a great day!
Happy Monday!
11 run *inning* for the Rockies vs the NY Mets! Cargo gets 5 RBIs, club record! Lets go, Cargo!
Hey there - Hope you have a great Sunday!
I did!!! So fun, thank you! No planned trips to Miami yet, but that could change any day :)
Well I'm bored too, it's one of those sleepless nights for me ^_^
can the "feedback tab" be used for other things, i.e. "Help"?
Love it! We're developing individual professional learning goals&suppprts too
yes. Of course.
Same here
wow! Henry VI style
i havent got anything o.O lmao
good morning #detroit!! you're looking especially sexy this morning!!:)
You are instead allowing new life to come into your mind and body to replace the hurt
I will take care of it... thank you for the heads up.
Just linked on. Are you done?
yes sir ready to work you back?
I wanna hold your heart in both hands
What are your thoughts on Jamaal Charles this year?
It's a real world. No glass shoe. No seven dwarfs. But there's always a villain who wants to destroy your life.
it's going to be an fun time! you're in luck tho, i'm recording it and well put it online for people to download ;-D
Operation Sonny cold shower was a success :)
Ok look, im honest Boy I can't lie I miss you, you and the music were the only two things that I commit to.
was intrigued about photo verification that you discussed at SPJ Social Media-- what was best site again??
We're with you! Let us know if there's anything we can do to help!
one of the best songs ever. it's where it's at
I find your skeptical view on ice cream disturbing.. Who are u?
and I need 8 servings a day...
Hello Friday <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
#Bocce registration ends JULY 7th for Fed Hill and Hampden on baltimorebocce.com
Gypsies watch the house bunny? RT : "the eyes are the nipples of the face". Gypsy wedding pearls of wisdom
#youknowlifeisgreatwhen... when tweets... "Everyone in power deserves to be ridiculed." -
The cat, noticing I'm awake, has activated his attention-getting tactic of "attempt to eat anything on the floor."
your career isn't done Scott!
Yup RT Ah, that last week of the month. When The New York Times becomes our nation's Willfully Mute Paywall of Record.
In other news, I might just have to kidnap the two little kids sitting across from me on the bus.
How you talking about you got swag but you dress like everybody else!?
Keller: I read you own 30000 books. Eco: yes, but in my apartment in Milan I keep only 30000.
Happy #FF to YOU! XO RT : Happy
I'm so lost in math. Like what even is going on
if you DON'T know who Peyton Sanders is. you should DEFINITELY check him out & follow him! #YouWontRegretIt <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0089> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> <U+2764>
I can't wait to graduate with thousands of dollars of debt and a job at Enterprise!
AFTER PARTY @ Blackbird Buvette- Saturday night, following Le Jazz Hot. DJ OM is spinning Jazz Age tunes & fresh cut grooves! 12AM~??
Each of our clients increases traffic and revenue! AND, we likely passed you in Organic Search results ! - P.O.W -
I was -MB
This article is just a brief outline and just a preliminary report
Oh ok yah I'm stupid xP can't blame me x) cuz that's me x) wait o.O i shudnt be happy bout this....this is a bad thing...
Glad you're enjoying that mug!
Just killed a fly with Rat Girl, sorry. V thought it was a book about Wonder Woman though, so there's that.
Potnas change, kno that I wont!
Wait ohmygod this guy on my bus is naming all of Taylor's songs, saying he knows all the words. Fuck yes.
Great! Yourself?
goodnight, sweet dreams<3 mwah. love you(:
Do teachers know enough to be able to report abuse? Maryland HB1256 aims to close that gap and provide education.
your my inspiration babe.
he must not like you. lol
Ctfu damn ppl snitching smh but I know that's right
A5: Without visibility, you won’t be noticed. Career progression comes to an abrasive halt.
you're welcome! :)
Turned on the gas fireplace in what is quickly becoming a vain attempt to keep the heat off.
lol-Must have worked...getting a Macbook Pro on Tuesday loaded with software!..... thanks for pray'n
where's my invite at? Hah
Coming soon... www.oldsKooltees.com ... your new favorite tee's on the web
yes you can hack it, but it still has a feel, and prioritizes a certain type of authorial voice. [-]
Who needs a MBA? The Masie learning conferences are my advanced degree
Lmao! Did y'all read Mike Brown's lips?!
I am so totally going to puke if Valverde so totally has another heart-attack-inducing outing. Let's go, Potato!
reading about the "Master of the Prayer Books of Around 1500." yep, that's the best thing we could come up with.
A OG told me u ain't lived life if u haven't lost anything and gained it back aighhht
was that the best they could get??? AWFULL!!!
Don't you know that once your so skinny your ugly as fuck
A person worthy of respect will be respected and will always show the same in return!
Houston tomorrow with and some other lovely people
Winter is coming! Call Chase of Oklahoma Home Repair to keep the cold air out! (405) 821-2597
More like show howto commit errors RT : Next week Eduardo Nunez will be on #YankeesOnDeck. Is he going to teach us how to field?
we're both 17
hey clutch :)
You really need to get this information out. The more we know the less ignorant we are. Thanks for the information.
Can you add an action to wp-admin/media.php?
Guess I don't need to clean house then! Good I can really kick back tomorrow! Yay!
breaks over and im still not tan...
Is the next #Bears GM going to be found at a Starbucks? Totally heard Cowher likes his coffee
me too, problem solved?
OR u could root for the winner RT cmon Susie.Youd be on my side
People piss me off so much.
Thanks for the RT & mention
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe. - Albert Einstein
Tweeting "Geaux Tigers" is way more fun than simply tweeting "Go Tigers."
Oh boy, double bout of flu and old folks in the hospital. Still waiting to hear about Bjork on the 2nd if I can handle it!
#ThingsIDislike whn u talk behind my bak n pretend to be my friend
Nature has always had more force than education
go on this show lol
Follow me and I'll follow you back.
We have not created an official hashtag for #WSCA12. But have fun and stop by our booth while you are there!
suxs- RT if you disagree :) ~RT~ HE DOESN'T SUCK WHOEVER THINKS THAT HAS NO TASTE!
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle the walking tits
My cat is a girl, and he's pregnant...? ._.
Bottles of Inca Kola on deck
HVAC can pay big $$$$ here in TX.....I am thinking that more installs are on the way
Still don't understand why everyone gets Labor day off except JMU...
Joint Select Committee announce meeting and hearing. Organizational mtg on 9/8, hearing on history /drivers of debt on 9/13 at 10:30 am
My workout today was pretty good.. As you get older it gets so much harder to get into shape..
It's like u caught up in a maze u keep on goin in circles girl an u tryna find a way out..
No surprises tonight yet in the #GOP #supertuesday. It all comes down to Ohio
goodnight ashley lol
everything counts!
Rapping and lifting
working. All the time working. How is it that the poorest person you know is always working???
Ah. Home relaxing with my boo bear. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
One of my favorite quotes: stand up for something or you will fall for anything!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT IF U LOVE JUSTIN
let's drop the anchor for a minute.
yes! if he could just play each pt by itself, he'd do better. the 'holy crap i may win' seems to flake him out. hard to do tho.
All your base are belong to us.
Fire Burns Baby!!
thx- thought I'd throw it out since the real techies asked- twitter seems to always know:)
We love RT love! :D Saludos!
it hurts to breath lol
dont stunt....hit me on the other twitter as soon as u get on!!!
There are legitimate mgrs that rep actors and submit for commercials. You won't need both agent & mgr if you just want to book commercials.
Im soo sorry about your mother. Keep doing what you love. Make your mother proud and just know she is looking out for you.
Can't wait! “: #GoldRush Friday tomorrow!!!!”
scratch that....they done switched up the plan for kickoff.
&+ im impatiently waiting for august 25 !
Campaign finance reports in Florida due in 8 days. We will report on who is doing well and who isn't making the grade.
i'm in incheon, so i'm about an hour west of seoul. and no plans for xmas or nye just yet!
my unsung hero has to be me this week...I could really use an assistant in MoBay!
Thanks for the follow! @, , , and
It's fun to dress extra cute for some outings & then others you just don't want to waste the outfit. Pretty basic.
Happy Friday to all my friends in the Twitterverse. What's the plan for the weekend?
looking forward to #HFF12 and getting to know your work
Did you say veggie burgs?!
Archie thanks all of the assistant coaches, names all of the black ones only...hmm
Which is ultimately why they killed tweetdeck, no?
Missed my amazing new iPad tonight while away from it for the first time.....back now, thank goodness;;}
My dream phone would be the Evo3D w/ a better camera, sans bloatware like FriendStream, & a must have portrait sliding keyboard.
Sadly, I still don't have any furniture... More room to party, I guess?
Through the bad days, and the good, Liz has made me smile & laugh even more than I would. Her existence just makes me happy in every way.
Bless up yu self bredda bredda...its been ages...hope all is well with you and the family...God Bless you.
to drunkk to tweet
i never tweet on sundays
Thank god I'm getting off work.
Best 7 months of my life with You're the best. =)
I was force-fed the red pill ;-)
is trying to send my tweets to facebook :)).
Watching Set Up with that nig 50! Cent that is.......
lol i know
Yes, I have used on several clients. It's THE only reliable metrics platform for #FB. I highly recommend!
No school? I love it <3
anyone know of a place in albany where you can get custom t-shirts FAST?
great discussion in HIST322. Students loved Death at the Priory and "got it" when talking about Victorian gender roles. Love my job!
November's my favorite month... I'm a sucker for
Imagine having as your English teacher... I'd pay so much more attention in class.
Also....I hope this isn't gross because I only have two eggs left and need to eat something.
I never though you would be a disaster in my life..
Looking forward to a relatively slow work week this week!
Hunter gets his quarry and closes out Rory 2 and 1. A great day for the Americans.
over-reaching sense of entitlement, I guess.
twitters gettin dumb i only go here to check out all the celeb tweets
Whoa! Chairs at the LA natural history museum are the 1913 originals!
How lucky that we two should meet and make each other<U+FFFD>s life complete.
In my nature 2 get money..
GAME DAY! Playing at home against Rhodes College tonight in match up. Tip off at 8pm.
RT : New strategy podcast with and coming later today. Stay tuned! #TPEdge This one is SICK
It is admirable for a man to take his son fishing, but there is a special place in heaven for the father who takes his daughter shopping.
Love the juxtaposition of "quintessentially Brooklyn as it gets" and "there’s nothing Brooklyn about this water"
isn't he every girl's type?
Already tired of the Wal-Mart analogy.
PLEASE tell me you are going to do choreo to "I won't give up" this season on sytycd!!
Justin in studio today 5:30 performing "Hate Me" and debuting new song
yeah I have to sit in the 800 year old chair.
Tip 1: Attractive - You can improve your appearance to women by watching your weight and paying attention to the way you dress.
RT : Interview Wit Da City Next Week #Blessed <--- hope you get that cuz
hey hi how are you
Studio time at 12
Downtown all week.
Great new hobby to replace smoking: reading one star reviews of masterpiece books and cinema (and vice versa) on amazon.
Boot scoot boogie
: You were awesome today on set! And you're a natural! It was a pleasure to run your lines with you!
Jamming out to some on my new portable cd player.
I don't understand how LBJ gets on the floor knowing they are running a play for Mario Chalmers, and he somehow accepts that!?! Unbelievable
I love when women say my name.
I miss you<U+E023>
Just walked outside. The birds are chirping and it sounds like a rainforest. Totally forgot I live in California.
#Cheers. Enjoy Cinco de Mayo
OMG....WHAT A STORY.....GOD BLESS THAT DOGGIE....
Happy Friday! Have a question about QR codes? Ask us! We'll be glad to help.
Money Over Broads
To you as well! Enjoy!
Did you volunteer this past weekend? Tell us about it!
Hey Renee! Tried to email you when disappeared from Facebook. How are you? -Paul (Florida)
- if my funds are rightt.. Then I am in!
Mensa...just saying...
dumb ham and tam sandwich...
lol then you're in the clear :D ... Now I'm hungry haha!
Ferris Bueller is teaching my class again. I want so badly to giggle.
can't wait to return!
Were you prepared for a snowstorm?
Congrats to the Team for your #NoKidHungry award. Much deserved!
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
Cowboys are home against the Redskins on my birthday, in case you were already scoping out gifts.
I just want to pay my way though NYC film academy..
Today is the last day I do hot yoga behind a man. The smells I smelled... Unforgivable.
Aight. And what the hell wrong wit yo avi..you look like the nigga from the end of the movie I Am Legend
Wassup ? Me man I'm fly like its prom night chase a dollar every hour makin sure my moms right
Going my dads this weekend. Meeting with the School. Hoping to get transferred.
For sure..and thats nothin i havnt played since last time at seamon
thanks for the logo
Recruiter was at Camp Lejeune yesterday. Thank you Marines for your hospitality. Recruiters will be at VCU next week, October 7th.
It's a tie for slot no.4! For the mustachio-ed manly man we have either M.Gorky's Selected Shorts Stories or Nietzsche by Robert Wicks
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 68
The only thing more frustrating than being in love, is loving someone who doesn't care about you in the least. they just pretend to.
I Think #oomf Likes Me O,o
haha oh god, because they're the same person
Summer was nice, right?
Drake concert was poppin! I got blowed af! & had a bamb ass time!
Happy #hump day everyone!! Wednesday's are considered the start to the weekend right???
#thingsblackfolksscaredof maury tellin they baby daddy he not the father
Ah! Thank you, Mrs. Manny!
send us a pic
You're sick too? "Das sketchy fool" ;)
We shouldn't have to "push" our leaders to do the right thing. That should be inherent in their nature.
Thanks!! is guest on
I can't believe she's gone... I love you so much<3
I feel like the statistic dismisses the fact that they are trying to feed something beside hunger.
oh for heaven's sake! RT : A shot at the bride?
Awesome archaeology in the confidential!
OMG WHO IS THAT?!
Structured Products Magazine Again Recognizes Morrison &amp; Foerster as Law Firm of the Year
just tell him I've been trying for about a year and a half and It would make an amazing birthday present for thursday:'} <3
#erl12 Work-around for JR5 report developed by at Liverpool
if you decided to let them get into…the "Black" entertainment industry?.…….
hey bigg spender ,spend a little time with me ;)
question: in new iPhone mobile app, how do I add someone to my lists?
Sometimes I don't know what I'm thinking...
"He looks like one of those quiet guys whose poop smells really bad."
TY, Angela, for RT! I wrote and rewrote that post. Hope it makes sense!
How did we get this far, and where do we go from here?
OMG.... school has changed so much since I was in it!!!!!
The team from General Dynamics is here setting up for their Special Hiring Event here at the #ClearedJobFair #security clearance
no like the d bags who beg celebrities to retweet them!
yay! Guess I'll see you then? ;-)
Thank god for mobile studio equipment. Work.
If I was running multiple client sites, I'd probably do the same thing.
I hate throwing up with out expecting it! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
R.I.P. John Wooden!
After a slight crisis period, we're back up and running! Of course the classes didn't stop just cause we did-- what's everyone been doing?!
Bummer. Its no fun being sick... But maybe you can relax& watch some movies. :o)
Be a Choosey Chick....Follow us on facebook!
Goin on a field trip to key biscanye! So excited! On the bus with some friends :) wish me a GRAND day! :D
Our friends at #valtech are back in biz after a terrible flood last year. That means VERY limited # of #magnatiles will be in store Tuesday
no prob; very thoughtful article, thanks! Btw what do you think of representations of the middle ages in video games?
2nd day in a row that my alarm didn't go ogg. Oh, technology
2 challenges in poem translation: the words and meaning and the flow and rhythm (or rhyme).
Thanks to our new followers!
Whats up homie, where you been lately?
It's finally Friday! Been looking forward to today al week. n_n
LmaooooRT : Every where
coming along, thanks for asking :) cpl mnths left. Is your game based on an existing physical boardgame or did u create it?
um so i just made this now is there a manual for this thingy ma jig?
there is no love for the 305 BH :0(
right! likewuttt. & what else was different? farms everywhere? lololol
I'm thoroughly enjoying these two twitter accounts: There are never enough Fight Club references out there.
Like: "Yes, I like reading, I'll join your book club. Oh, you guys are doing "The Book Thief"? Never mind, I hate reading."
Shout out to the new follower !
government: If you serve us rather than we serve you, why is our money paying for your luxerys?
so why not one of you?
Right back at you brother. See you tomorrow.
Rockin it on the
Thanks for the #FF I promise not to head for a cliff.
Thank you!!
I feel better now. <U+E056>
where is the softball game at ?
I'm So Sorry Hun<3 I Hope You Feel Better. Don't Worry We All Have Issues With Our Family's, Tweet Me if You Need Anything<3
Altima Is Nissan Ticket to Ride Past Honda After 24 Years: Cars
Pray for the People who Lost their jobs and cant find work
Are those the offerings from Matz next semester?
lol no, yo i actually just cooked pizza!!
Some people care too much ...I think it's called love
ok since I don't have your number the word in draw something is "latrine" ...I misread it as lantern, hence the drawing lol
We are looking for a full-time PHP developer to work on an exciting new project based in New Delhi. Starting ASAP! Email your CV to : sunil…
Your welcome!! We Love Nikka too!!!RT : Love me some Nikka Costa! Thanks for posting the vid.
Yes, at 75 Wall Street (Andaz Hotel)
My mom agrees!
red on top black on bottom. That's a good look :-P
Have a great day!
yes, currently compassionpitting it up.
Do you need a hype girl?
Have you tried our new Chocolate Peanut Butter toffee? So #yummy!
I'm curious on how much use it will get. I've had service frm Better World Club 4 yrs and never called. Easier to fix own flat.
Making 's Roasted Veg Turnovers. More labor intensive than anticipated but the smells coming from oven tell me it's worth it!
and I'm embarrassed I don't; we don't have cable. Lame!
i love the vídeo.
No doubt! MRT : Facebook too. RT You may never speak to a recruiter on Twitter but they may read your stream
I love him, of course I did. It took two minutes Haha.
#tyga is WACK! #pdx he won't come out like he's somebody.
I don't think people use the word "ruddy" enough! "He was a ruddy faced boy"
Word of advice: don't pull a muscle in your butt the week before you do an 8-hour hike in Patagonia, Chile
A true lady doesn't demand, she thanks. And a true man doesn't promise, he commits.
No prob. And you ROCK!
and dem are twitter followers she sold 1mill albums come on son u do da math my sister dnt like nicki but followers her
Awesome! RT : - the horf! (That's two-year-old for horse.)
Sometimes I wish I could force people to only speak in 140 characters.
go call her sarah! just call me Yashita!
My fav audiobook listener is on Twitter! Shannon, we spend a lot of time together & I enjoy every minute of it!
Too bad went to bed... Wanted to tweet her my tattoo... What a coincidence that the saying I got is in her song that I <3
At last nights Paul McCartney Concert at Yankee Stadium Paul joked “Who is this Derek Jeter guy? Somebody said he’s got more hits than me.”
Appreciate the mention! Thanks :)
Confirmation that is coming to the Feb.
Imma tie her to the bed and set this freaking house on fire
Gave up wine on weeknights for #lent. Need to rethink ways to unwind & decompress after these crazy work days!
I was a total victim btw
Mayweather still scary to me for askin pacman for a drug test when he wanted a fight..
What up guys woke up this morning and found a bowl of cereal next to me
Ging to miss satellite, This Could All Be Yours and Encores
Nice find, do u have any other track recommendations?
awww! Maybe next time :)
Simple shit cant be done by complex creatures.
Happy Mother's Day!
LATIN MUSIC WV | Comparsa's Eduardo Canelon has a vision for diversifying state's music scene. Group performs 5:00 p.m. today
Hope we play as much Femmes in MKE as they do Ramones at #FinReg Field. Also Mr. Met just misfired t-shirt cannon. At least Miller is union.
I couldn't tweet fast enough. this game has taken a weird turn
Who's cooler than #levilowrey? No one... Who's equally as cool as #levilowrey?
I somehow managed to get lost on my two mile commute to work this morning
WRITING MODE
RT : HNN #BornTooSoon Tweetchat May 3 , what do you want to know about preterm birth in limited resource settings?...
Solution to DC commuting complaints, drive to work at 3 am!
: Team Twist REALLY runs Twitter!!! ;) hell yeah
Thank you Any Pettitte. You pitched one hell of a career
new interview in 45 minutes. hell yeah!
Q1) Alternatives? Talking and sharing with each other without restrictions.
LOTR because epic times are needed.
Work sucks ass can't wait to leave, call text me hockey Thursday.
I know that my Redeemer lives, and at the last He will take His stand on earth. -Job 19:25
Whoot! Cherry blossom festival gig today @ 2pm! Excited as all get out!
WHAT CHANNEL?!
Filming today on the set of Troubled...
you're nuuuuumberr one!
It will come from another tower initially.
Haha, yes. Yes we do ... RT : I think you mean "sneak peek"
Ive been hanging out every night with different people every time. No more til Saturday. I'm can't party hard.
I'm starring @'s again. Sorry.
Yeah pretty embarresing especially after about every day and people know you never understand haha
in an alarming twist to watching the president (and Boehner - so frustrating), i find myself watching the bachelorette. #whoAREthesepeople?!
you stole that DRAMA line from me, i tweeted it days ago and you should have RTd from me ;)
is in the building Club Eve and we're in the back room!!! Ep release party
Havent tweeted in a while,biz is great, does anyone want to take over a 1st page of ALL of the search engines,im the guy u been lookn for
search to find new "social media boot camp" fan page. tre cool!
lol maybe they want you to be their everything and reality suck that they can't
Kelly#aspenideas don't make space so precious. Design it like kindergarten. You'll be surprised at the change of behavior.
I think I'm D Rose
valley view and twain. Behind the rio
Thanks for the follow Packer sister! :)
lol wow, i went to the movies tonight
RT": It's always the girls with no booty at ALL trying to twerk! ...like sit yo flat booty ass down somewhere!"
Oklahoma City. Please Don't Forget About Our $35 Vehicle Unlock Service. We Guarantee you won't find a cheaper price in town. 219-4612
in oder to make money with your blog, you are gonna need a lil help
My backyard gone be that spot this summer
just against Miami
May the fourth, The Avengers opening, Free Comic Book Day, Berkshire Shareholders meeting ... geekiest weekend of the year?
LoFrooooo! Would you be willing to follow me for 2.5 so I could ask you a favor! pweaaaseee!! =)
On Twitter, keep in mind you're a publisher. A tweet has the same legal issues as a blog post! #SocialMediaSuccessSummit 2012
Currently seeking a Freindly Guest Service Agent, Stop in and apply today!! 9760 Crosspoint Blvd Indianapolis, In 46256
RT : "Who does Facebook think you are?" Interesting to look at ads and wonder why they are there.
Was interested in getting particular LA producer's opinion on one of my screenplays. He requested it and has it in his possession right now.
I need a nap bad
Michele Cloonan is giving her farewell address to alumni.
It's all good in the hood.
Woo hoo! and I are on our way!
I can hear you saying this :) Thanks love!
Forgot how much I liked Elliott Smith
Just as we start to like Nick Hagadone....damn it.
Amen. RT Yahoo! Answers...a hive of scum and villainy (and misinformation).
Late 20s...I hope.. I wanna spoil those little munchkins lol :3
First swine flu case announced in Arizona. Sad. Time to discuss the topic with the kids now.
What are you girls up to tonight?
See you in New York City this evening!
Morning workout with felt so good!
Oh Oh Oh
When animals scratch their face, its the cutest thing ever. :)
you should visit my town just saying !
I wish! RT Any hopes of an #ABQ snow delay tomorrow?
Hey thanks for TM'ing the bachelor party last weekend! We all had a blast, plus you learned Black Jack!!
Fa real? : u gotta come get em!
nobody but Freddy himself and Adam should sing Queen
Okay, it was 3rd and 8. But, finally, a stop. Might be too late, but at this point, you gotta start somewhere.
questionable brad Pitt on a school night ?
You guys are awesome lets keep gainin more followers!!
its okay i deserved it i was being mean and anyways to just lay in bed and prob go to bed soon hbu?
Thanks for the re-tweet v nice.
Hey Carrie, Mikey says you aren't making it tonight to the game. What gives??? I'm very disappointed in you. =P
Okay tweeters chat with you later~BAMM.
A free pizza at Papa Johns? Hell yeah!
WANNA GO BACK TO HOUSTON
Possibly, but it may also be giving in.
I love that song! We watch Schoolhouse Rock regularly at my house
Any Philly Union members on? Looking for recommendation on restaurant near PPL Park.
lol never thought of it the way! Whackin it to someones pic is a compliment!
love inspiring our youth to follow their dreams!
hehe, I know that feeling :-)
Those that like to gossip... They don't really know shit..
Out on a thursday!!!!! No priscilla's till tuesday!!!!!!!! I'm having a staycation!!!!!! Lol
thank you aunt kimmie
once more, come see us at our residency, night 1 of 5 with at . see you soon, party people
We need a male and female #Model to participate in a coed wedding shoot. don't have to be married, jus open message for
Make sure you hear talk about engaging students thru social media: 10:45, M100I (downstairs)
Love my weekly light show brought to me by carson street. #tooearly #soboooootiful : )
I love and miss NYC in season - keep me posted! Would love to meet IRL!
I hate that feeling you get when you have an insanely good comeback... but its way after the argument.
I ain't positive, I'm definite
If only I could go to texas and make company <3
Thanks for following and happy Thursday!
Hello amy
Really pulling for no golf playoff today. I really don't want to do any rewrites.
I texted you back this morning! :) Sorry, I feel asleep at 9:21 exactly last night :P
Crazy girls waving their hands around.
My dreams used to be in my head if I opened my eyes they would disappear, now tho when I open my eyes they're still here
Have a safe trip.
Ok Judgy-McJudgerson. I haven't quite finished the website, business cards, etc so I was holding back on the big announcement.
See you all at the Hard Rock tonight for the Best of the City Party! We can't wait. It's going to be a blast.
I expect many of the "creative class" to move out of North Carolina w/ passage of an anti-gay marriage amendment. I won't visit there. Ever.
#singleladies Val got it right HA!
that's a good question for Lil Wayne.
I don't like Berkman.
Gr'ma just confessed that they told the kids the cat ran away when they were little. It really had been hit by a car.
RT : This new "Basics (remix)" record + is dope
Just got to the King-Riverside game. 20 minutes to tip off and already a packed house. Lets do this Generals!
#OWIF: The giant carp has broken harpoons and what looks to be bullet holes in its skin. It is also missing an eye.
dion should know my number by heart <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I haven't seen the numbers but it's hard to expect a 36 hour spectating window from NASCAR diehards, much less casual fans.
RT : Join other #Broncos fans in celebrating the team's 1st round #NFLDraft pick: Thursday at 5:30 at Downtown...
one of the best parts of the summer! ;)
Salmon and rice @ 9am.
tks for the site
Just heard taylor swifts new song.. Immediately obsessed!
its time for unity lets talk soon
Undergrad tells friend she will be in NY this weekend. "It's going to be 18degrees. What do you even do with your body when it's 18degrees?"
I'm going to have to break out my recorded live "Free Tibet" bootleg album this afternoon. It's been a while
RIDIN THRU THE CITY WIT MY HIGH BEAMS ON THINKIN IMA QUIT B4 I DIE DREAM ON! *ahha* held 4 RAN$UM muuuuaaaahh
great info on the fire, keep it coming!
Does Ryan Mathews have more fumbles than tds for his career? Just wondering.
All our athletes, coaches, etc. are held to a higher standard because they are role models.
cool - but maybe a better - but less marketable name would have been "digital graffiti"
Off to watch Penn in the CBI. Woo?
Apparently, I woke up on the wrong side of the bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
bitch doesnt want to put out tf? -.-t
Hope so!
Im soo pissed at him right now I can't even.
have a BLAST in Florida! We'll miss you!
Did anyone check out the CNN video on film? Any thoughts to be shared?
One elbow and the man is back to being called Ron. "His mama named him Ron, I'mma call him Ron." So much for World Peace.
1000 FULL COLOR BUSINESS CARDS $25 www.lamediaprint.com
Still buzzing from the Mayweather fight!
Those smiling pigs on "Angry Birds" remind me of the laughing dog from "Duck Hunt." I get mad when I can't wipe off that silly grin!
yeah, technically that was a retweet of sorts. <3 thanks for sharing
I hope so and haha
Absolutely. I arrive on Tuesday evening but I hope to see you in Phoenix.
Second to last psych clinical is tomorrow.... If these next two weeks don't hurry the hell up I might end up a psych patient myself.
Interested in this answer too --> RT : Q6 How can you improve your client funnel?
Tuti's hair today>>>>
Just read that tonight is the series finale of #eastboud&down #wtf this must be changed!!!
There was fan that wore a shirt says "I LOVE KENNY", but when I looked the picture it was "JUSTIN BIEBER" lol.
because he is portraying the artistic child in all of us? :)
Follow Healthy Hair products people each and every friday were to pick up your hair samples at.
Omw to the beach with my daw Angel and Durruthy
No Problem
Taking a shit at the moment. One more minute before the clock hits eleven. Yaaaaaaaay
Thanks for the mention and so happy to hear you enjoyed the recipe! Patsy
#Giants great catch by Nick. Eli looks like he is on.
Sen. Rob Portman: CBO study said 70% of benefits of corporate tax reform would go to workers in the form of higher wages & benefits.
Message me Direct
Headid to warehouse drive sacto ...t bones b day show ..chernovan is loaded r u
yes please!! i've been missing Budapest now that warm weather is here...the city is so pretty in the spring!
no... but he exists
getting ready for the Packer Game!!! GO PACK GO
just got in. have a dinner tonight but would love to hook up tomorrow. How about you?
3 followers away from 300, let's do this
There can be no deep disappointment where there is not deep love. - MLK Jr
Scared of what? A loss? I respect OKC. They're legit. Should be favored. LA will lose unless everyone plays their best ball.
so to
seattle light rail just put to shame. but then again, walking puts the dc metro to shame.
I've been really wanting one. I'm excited. How are you doing?
ugh bane :( good luck boo I'll miss you ! <U+2764>
aw you wanna connect w me!
I have a final tomorrow I've probably studied about 45 minutes for.
Anyone have a December birthday? How do you feel about having a birthday around the holidays? How do you celebrate?
#WFUD12 Jaszi: can't count on an all-party consensus for (c); (c) owners have no incentive to deal in good faith.
So many great sessions at #erl12. Which one was your favorite?
That was sick!
Just returned from a wonderful Mother's Day celebration--a full day of wonderful stories, sharing and awe...
everyday is a new day that i get to keep loving you
Joseph Isaacs, biotech teacher at McKinley Tech HS in D.C.: Uses virtual labs to teach biotechnology-
I can imagine HS teachers 100 years ago complaining about the expense of students getting pens...iPads are the new pens!
I'll come after my shower be back soon!
well. Intended to. But and aren't responding so I assume they aren't going.
Hey! Nope. Visiting in July and moving August 1.
He is the wind beneath my wings, I am flying high!
TRUST & BELIEVE!!!!!
I see its calm now.
THANK YOU FOR INCLUDING ME, I APPRECIATE IT MORE THAN I COULD EXPLAIN.
oh hey look. I'm not alone here. RT : I just had a full blown conversation with my cat. I'm perfectly normal...
Hello Ariana, how was your day so far? Hope it was as wonderful as you are. :3
awesome that you had so much fun with our app!! Thanks for sharing. Should see vids later tonight - check www.iokikaraoke.com
You did Michael proud :3
That's a good one!!! I'd bid on that too....but it would have to be against and I would wear RED!
You're not your job. You're not how much money you have in the bank. You're not the car you drive. You're not the contents of your wallet.
"Seasons in the Sun," "Theme from Billy Jack (One Tin Soldier), the list is endless.
thanks for the follow! :)
Anyone have good following directions activities for adolescents/young adults with MR?
We had a lovely holiday party last night. May you and yours be doing something of a similar fashion, at a similar date.
Obama won 2008 in large part bc of young people, and guess what young people support? Marriage equality.
What are you taliking about. KJI is Chris Paul and scored a perfect game the last time he was on the hardwood!
haha that's your opinion bo. New song #np big krit money on the floor.
Good Night &God Bless.
that sucks D:
Great day of mtgs w/ folks,police&fire pensioners, #Children'sDefenseFund , #Fairhaven homeowners, now on to my #VFW posts
Halo then home. :) shower swag
Thnx for the follow, I pray you accomplish anything you set out to accomplish...
hi. Can u please follow me? (:
The White Mamba just scored and blocked a shot! The Bulls are BALLING without D.Rose!
“Man is free at the instant he wants to be.”<U+2015>Voltaire
I don't expect that ... I text people first sometimes ! But I mention you on twitter & nothing just ignored -.-
Time for #OUaT :)
Sick still in bed watching Pink Panther
neither. I would miss you if you left Jane
Stave converts the third down with a long pass to Kenzel Doe. Nice throw.
Love you RT : it just needs to be summer, so I can get away from all this bullshit &amp; be with Harrison &amp; Kena all the time
lol...alright I'll stop...for awhile
Just closed about 32 running apps and thought of you
tired AF, I just wanna sleep again <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
May 13th! Can't wait. We should catch up over drinks when you have some free time!
Feeling better
OMG Pete doesn't come to the reunion ... that's it!
maybe the following weekend.
&& He Was Sayn Bring It Back . Lbvfs .
" I hate bullshiters ! "
Glad you're having a good time...that's important!
Goodnight everyone. When I wake up I expect to have about 100 followers! #Make it happen!
sweet! See ya there!
Hell yeah
on the other hand, i think most people are slightly better off putting off marriage and children in general
Manmohan Singh - A World Bank/IMF Agent Exposed - 1
Have you ladies heard her on the "Chess in Concert" live recording w/ ? Amazing!
Yikes! What a mess.
BCS So called National Title Game........BS.....who cares?
I've found Jesus. He was behind the sofa the whole time.
I think I'm addicted to #vitamin gummies.. Can someone please tell me if this is an issue or not?
can't find pic
I don't want to say "I told you so", and I don't want to speak too soon, but look outside! Is that sun?!
You are having awesome luck with these blind dates, no? Blue moon? Karaoke night part II?
PIERRE Just landed #Franklin Park on a beautiful day!!
Quick reminder! The address for the show from The Elb is 920 NOT 720. Hope to see you all there! <3
Spoke to a great group of business people on Getting the Edge in business w/ Social Marketing at #ThenextLevelWorkshop event in Independence
To all you bass players out there!! I am still searching for the type of strings to use on my bass... What do you use and why?
“: "True Blood" filmed at a home in L.A. Wed-Fri. This week their filming at 2 homes (mid-week) in Hancock Park.”
Passed out @ the Nitty when & got their food, re-awoke when they were paying the bill.
Favorite tweet of the day.
Way to play. Let the haters hate.
nice! Enjoy your run :)
Pacers are a very intriguing team. They are put together well.
today's favorite website is www.hulu.com to watch bob's burgers. that is all. #bob'sburgers
"It wasn't over for me... and it still isn't over." Omg it never gets old. Best movie line.
Wanted to take anatomy. Then I saw it was at 8am.
I should have known that!
what did you think of Livestrong Sporting Park?
wish I didn't work or I'd come down & chill. Have fun
Ha! Well that makes me feel a little less silly now. At least I'm not the only one! :)
This Red Sox movie makes me ill
Serving...only 3 more years!
Waiting for Mr. B. Aka our oldest El to get out of school today. After school we're doing a family project and dancing.
I was about to say Jordan let Duncan punch his shit then he "monkey dunked" that shit like WHOA!
I told that bitch to hurry up... Or she ain't getn no tip.
Favorite moments: Enjoying great musicians on week nights at small venues - no fuss, just awesomeness.
follow the new film Prod Club member is directing:
Congratulations to my friends at EraGen: : Madison biotech will be purchased by publicly traded Luminex, of Austin, Texas
Chloe Moretz her birthday is soon 2-10-12 she will be 15 anyone who is a big fan of her follow me or tweet me so i know ok yeh chloe
There ya go Lebron
"People in the NW don't want to talk about insurance, they want to talk about the neighbors."
A big FU to that teacher that gives a test on a monday.
No worries : D
Toyota tops GM in global vehicle sales in Q1 Toyota, the world's largest automaker from 2008 to 2010, sold the most cars and trucks globa
That plus a tabbouleh made with quinoa = a win.
Grandma's Boy was a great stoner movie n I don't even smoke lol
RT : Loren: Why "orphans"? These works are "hostages." Term prompts requisite action to liberate
I think we need to have a talk:)
RIDING SOLO IA M RIDING SOLO!!!!!!!!:0 YEAH
are you listening to on the radio?
Wow, you're amazing!
That one’s pretty awesome, but I’d argue that my example exudes joy and is thus clearly superior.
I really wish I were back in Cali today.
For additional weight I used to have my Son ride a drag pulled by my car when preparing the Ballfield for practice. Child endangerment HUH
sounds like you owe your DVR for saving you from like 10 hours of your life you would never get back.
Good Morning indeed xo
been watching that thread. The mods have their hands full.
Great hashtag today!!
": Man Vernon Davis Fast!" Faster than you ?
#ThingsThatILike people getting help to keep and sell homes :)
For the most part we have had a mild winter. Who has been enjoying the mild winter and who wants more snow?
Newp, I don't have it either. :)
What a great day to live in the city:)! new yorkers know what i'm talkin' bout...
i wish friday was the last day of school, but its not :(
Mike Cruz is a talented wrestler. Saw a match he had against Low Ki down in Florida.
The woman from the "secret service sex scandal" :COLOMBIAN BOMB !!!
how about "Parents try to Re-capture Youth" ?
Brother Maynard, consult the Book of Armaments.
great Huh representation last night. Sorry for running you over on the way to the bar, next time I will bring one back for you
Thank you!
trailer for 59th Hunger Games series, not the film.
HAHAHAHA WE SHOULD RECORD THAT SONG WILL BE MILLIONARS.
That moment when your crying during a sad movie and someone sees you crying and you act like you weren't (:
what bout' turkey bacon.. I've never had it but it seems cool .
- yes, they sure did! Re: Bolts get lucky on Ingram dropping to them
would you believe i went in there with brett for 3 hours and left with nothing?
If yo girl cheated on u cuz she thought that u was cheating on her when u never was........Follow me,n I'll follow u
yea she did a few months ago. My username was different at the time<U+2665>
#iHATE when you fry Chicken and your house still smell like chicken 3hrs later!
Theres just somthing about the Clean up spot! it gives me powers!
Another cool festival acceptance today, which I'll announce shortly!
Just because the stars come, doesn't mean you are one.
Lots of fist pumping in the living room after finding out my Flaming Lips vinyl was so psychedelic, AND signed.
I do not. Great album though.
No there is no limit! Send as many as you would like! Also recommend to friends so they can submit #videos as well!
Just got home from work bout to play fifa12
Both my mom & my sister have a big butt.. & then I'm there with nothing.
Just. Went. HAM.
Need help with designing your place, come in and talk with our in-house Interior Decorator for some great ideas!!!
RT Take the time to say the things that are in Your heart while You have the chance.
Steve Irvine goes after
Church with all my hotties.
#Watching the Texas Rangers vs Baltimore Orioles game.
You have a great day too!
Sometimes u have to let the dominos fall and see where they leed you
Me too! Although I'm more a baker than cook, I prefer classic Top Chef to Just Desserts RT So excited Top Chef is back ton!
Screw waiting for WoW beta. I have the new Naruto game as an early birthday present from my parents. BYE.
Thanks for the follow
Today needs to hurry up. Good times await!
I appreciate yours too, toward all beings on the planet:).
At the deer lease with
no they are spread out over a week, its for a guys 60th bday
San Francisco is even closer to Russia
Nice! Hadn't considered reading as a form of exercise, but I guess the brain is a muscle: Use it or lose it!
I emailed you re Golf Classic in Avondale. I'm excited for opportunity to work for Ace High & dazzle all involved!!!
I just did a google search for . Fifth result was for Cialis. Something you'd like to share, governor?
Is it weird that I enjoy being ahead on the new music curve? I actually enjoy recomending new stuff to people
When I think about the progress we as black people hav made in this country I see a billboard of Tyler Perry in drag speaking broken English
So my train just stopped suddenly, and the lights went off. Dementors!
but I still loves America guys
I reeeeaaaally like the beat on that new Khaled record.
Can you guys please spin and their new single "I'm Not A Gangsta"!? My friends and I love that song!
He's wearing the chain and padlock. Oh dang. Bringing the old school back. Digging it.
Uncertainty still clouds future of EU biodiesel
i love you please say hi :]
We are looking for videographers to capture zombies at the "start line". Please email me if you can help out!
I'm tryna do as less work as I can today lol
I hate when little middle school girls complain about not having boyfriends. You haven't even hit puberty yet, kiddo.
Raised by Wolves, Trial by Fire, then I believe it will be Taken by Storm. Can't wait! <3
I do both of those things. Im just good like dat. RT : Liking your own Facebook status is like high fiving yourself in public.
currently? he is. and no, I will not kick rocks.
I love the way you hold me, so close to your heart. I'm going to explode! #ILoveYou. <3
Hey bro
Attention Followers! Our Website has Officially Launched! www.fivepointsusa.com . Check us out and let us know what you think!
u r so talented!! Keep doing what u luv! Te amo!
include #amst7100, please.
yes! Ppl overreacted cause they dont want austin dating. Hes not gonna be single 4 ever. No need to hate
Just set the land speed record for getting home.
I'm dying of heat stroke in here
yeah, I've been here for a month though, that's a pretty decent amount of time.
#ihatewhenmyparents snoop through my texts. if i wanted you to hear what im saying, id talk on the phone.
Sitting in a presentation with Marty Sklar and Jack Lindquist. Checking my pulse to make sure this is real.
That one looks nice, and it's pretty affordable... Do you have one?
Thanks Joseph! Let us know if we can point you towards anything specific.
We had dinner there last night. Did we meet?
best opener: you wanna be
Congrats to former client , who is part of ABC's new reality series, "The Big Time" - premiering Sat. Jan. 21 at 3pm (2pm CT)!
It takes the sea to put you 6 feet under happily underground.
It's definitely original! I love it!
All i have to say to dreamchasers 2 is WOW and i only listened to the intro
my condolesences to you and your family. I will keep your family in prayer during this difficult time. God Bless
The message: Even if we have to let the uninsured die, we MUST repeal "ObamaCare".
Dining: Our House in Davis doesn&#39;t live up to &#39;fine dining&#39; billing
sorry not sorry get it lol?
This would be on a wednesday!
here's your one chance STANLEY don't lemme down.... hahahah
R.I.P. #JohnPayton, civil rights legend/heavyweight/trailblazer, etc. We will abide by your legacy of equity and justice for all.
enjoy your day of celebration, probably the only one you'll have for Madrid. Visca Barça!
No locations planned for out that way yet but we are always looking to expand! Thanks for supporting The Lube!
If the #Caps hold on, then I will need new batteries in my radio. Going to be at Oriole Park on Saturday.
It's you two who'll make it chic... I'm just tagging along ;) xx
This cold rainy Oregon weather makes me want to just sleep.
Winer: Ultimate #Europeana goal: create jobs by providing open access to data
Austrian economists conduct polls differently
Heading to the 37th District Democrats' monthly meeting tonight!
yes but *I* may need that detail is the distinction I'm trying to draw.
Happy Friday everyone! What are your plans for the weekend?
:) I so did haha thanks
talkin to him makes me happy <3
Yes, camel takes awhile to love. Happy to hear it's growing on you!
Kiwifruit = disease free Chinese Goose egg. Also, drunk bitches are drawn to Vancouver...A couple of notes from last night.
Computer problems. Is my 6 yr old computer too old???!!!!
People make me smile :)
Lots of great new #discounts in Florida virtual offices from Davinci for #startup companies! Tweet me for details.
and are those people that walk around with lightsabers on this day
is gonna slap one particular ignorant, lazy, obese, wellfare abusing, lying moron if she doesn't shape up or ship out!
I humbly apologize had not read couple of ur tweets when sent couple of mine. Hope ur child gets help & self control he needs
I would agree with you agreeing fine gent...
how do u know;)
take a look at the backlink profiles of the sites in the top 10... spam everywhere. comment spam, hijacked blog spam, injected link spam
He who works hoping in God passes his days without worry.
why do people hate on aspiring models so badly? they need more mentors, and support
Ahlan wa sahlan -- welcome! Hope you enjoy your visit!
haha he deserves it
Least favorite dresses so far- Cate Blanchett and Nicole Kidman.
It was so scary like I didnt know where I was.
Show me what you got
I have no problem sharing, as long as its 50/50 I'm good
We should never let the uncertainty of where we have never been, allow us to comfortably remain where we are.
Wow that sucked- the #msy #tsa airport scanner didnt work for to flight
Having problems carrying a conversation? Keep in mind that everyone's favorite subject is themselves. Be comfortable allowing ppl to do that
It was a great event fo shizzle.
oh .__. sorry.
ewwww that's gross...don't catch any STD's!!
Just got my shirt from the mail!!!! It's so fucking awesome!!
"I heard you're looking for a gentlemen. Is it cool if he's Australian too?" #AngelsAndGentlemen berightback, dying! <U+E402><U+E328><U+E420>
"Be Calm" kept me sane during a tough time so I am forever grateful for them and their music. and I'm a Nate stan...
I used to be indecisive. Now I'm not sure.
ctfu, I like to see how other people be looking at him when they broadcasting
same to you!
Its the summer time, time to sit back and unwind #indoorpoolparty this thursday
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
now a cat done made 187 beats but called each one exclusive?
3 more days. Thank fcking goodness! Lol, if it was any longer I might not make it.. ahaha(;
Frighteningly, some people would.
one week from today my 16 year old son leaves on his trip of a lifetime! Cruise with his high school band!
*seething in jealousy*
I mean damn they got 3 of the best players in the league, and people still make excuses 4 them
Thank you so much! I owe you. I actually really owe you a lot of things for being such a great friend..Hmm.. ;)
Looking forward to visiting the Lambda Chis at #UMD tonight!
Whoever said money doesn't buy happiness clearly hasn't used that money for a Jeep Wrangler Unlimited.
& in the less evolved corners of pop culture, that means he's got three options. Tragic, treacherous or both.
Pssh kick rocks kiddo I got shit I'm Tryna do
Thanks! I'll definitely take a look for that one.
It's amazing how quickly your mood can change, how deep your heart can sink and how much one person can affect you.
: " thanks for ur help...ur awesome:D" Any time. I'm glad to help out a friend :-)
I should justt be heartless for ones..
what do you mean your favorite kids!?
Advice from DVD yoga lady: Focus your intention, but don't let it harden your mind.
Thanks for the follow-back
wooohooo you got this healthy eating! Tweet us when you need motivation!!!
Just went to the mall! :)
i submitted my video to u i hope u see it this time it wasn't picked last time
I don't like the weather if it's this hot now imagine summer
what is it called when my favorite ghost is named Casper but when people ask me I say Tasper?
Nighthawks block a 55-yard field goal, take over at their own 45. 19-19. Overtime.
Thanks brother.
so strange, lol. I guess if I rotate it, the other half of the ppl will see it straight but then u will see it sideways. :)
“Products are made in the factory, but brands are created in the mind.”
Yall wing niggas will get hit wit the biscuit LOL
You think!
pls share outlook to gcal sync tips! Been trying to get that to work
I love me some #levilowrey on a Monday night
yeah but if we all do it ...
Mexican with
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO ME [: I LOVE YOU SO MUCH!! & MY FRIEND :] THANKS AUSTIN! XOXO !!!!!!!!
If it weren’t for the last minute, nothing would get done.
So, I am researching pedophilia for my script. Just reading about some of the reasons that these monsters use is making my flesh crawl!
Chilly Spring Game at Commonwealth Stadium
Busy in the lab today....printing and preparing for a photo shoot for a feature about us!
Some guy just did a magic trick on me! My mind =blown!
your website is looking better and better
Exciting to be starting work at on Monday, but I will miss all of my friends here at Gordon.
I feel lost...didn't even know Pacman Jones was still in the league!
I really appreciate it when funeral homes have the AC on. Just sayin'.
For the heck of it, watched B$M with 2D-3D conversion Felt like I was there for the awesomeness GREAT JOB
look at me tweetin away..
I follow some of the smartest people on the planet via social media. So explain to me why I'm still such a twit.
Don't be ridiculous. The only thing cats feel is scorn.
College >.< Lovely day thoooooo. :D.
Gotta go up to Harold Washington.....
I need to let youu go so i can move on w/ myy life ....
It Wont Be Long... #RnRMiLLi™
Realtors - Text marketing everywhere! www.zesmo.com
Thank you baby! :-)
Dave Obey on Gov. Walker recall: Keep your eyes on the prize, that's what I would urge everyone to do.
i'm gonna start a chest piece next!
lol sorry :(...I literally couldn't even text lol so bad...
yeah, but the most reason one was with like seniors or whatever. Like 2 years younger. Isn't that sad, of them
:) thanks for writing and sharing it!
So facebook actn up so now im juss on twitter wit it
what's up with the new profile pic? What are you in?
I'm feeling really good today.
Sometimes I read a tweet and realize my life is very, very good!
Upward Motion Personal Training’s Youtube channel features a wide variety of video’s covering the virtual exercise gamete
-After a crazy day of pulls and mayhem, this MADE my Day doll! hahaha, sometimes you just have to laugh :) xox
Are you speaking in Columbus, Ohio area? If so, would love to hear you speak.
'What can we do with our stories, but tell them?” Sena Jeter Naslund
Love me some Salt & Straw.
Oh, put baroque right in Pandora, immediately popped up some Telemann! Yes!
Cleaning the car out today
selling sodas by the gallon and not providing public bathrooms is a crime.
WOO good weekend :) and still 2 more days left!!
We also agree lunch & learns for social media channels is necessary. We're conducting ours this summer and we can't wait!
It wasn't our honor it was Although we are patriotic employers too.
I know right. Pure happiness when they won. Still need 10 more wins. This win felt pretty huge though.
LETS GET THIS STRAIGHT !!!! I LOVE UNICORNS !! lol
Unicorns are the most manly of mythical creatures
I still own him on the msoe bball court... RT : Wow. That's unexpected. RT : DJ Bizzon, #FTW! Club DJ of the Year!
at home chillin
He lies, She cries. He's not sorry but he apologizes. She complains, He doesnt change. But Yet, she still stays.
From where you are sitting, you are the centre of the Universe
I like the idea of you but I don't like you.
is a beast!!! This dude better win!!!
Q1: an array of fun colors including Aqua Blue, Cherry Blossom, Graphite
No one identifies him or herself as "the general public" so make sure you're segmenting your audience
Today is library day!
Chris Harnick: 'The Good Wife' Recap: From 'The Penalty Box' To The Dark Side
Thanks Keith! I also see the great things you do
Finding glitter all over me thanks to <U+E41E><U+E32E>
Become BOLD, it comes with many advantages.
What are you doing in the next hour? Relax Season Finale is going on now and we've got OPEN BAR 2-3pm!
An excellent New Year's resolution: Get an estate plan in place! You know you've been putting it off for way too long, come see me...
It would be nice if u called... butt that wont happen.
OH at the office: "what is a porn temple?"
today was a pretty good day [:
I cast my vote! | Kern-Photo
No day but today.
S/O to da new followers.... Join
gotcha! :-) sorry bout that
happy bday brother.
such bad wifi
Haven't seen a single thing for #NATO from Union Station to Michigan. Where is this ish?
Have you checked out deal on ???? Sounds m-amazing!
No. Only up the steep inclines. And I'm dying from a bunch of Stair runs yesterday too :/ Did I win yet?
is going to sneak off while the boyz play football. ill be back on in a while
YEA :) I'M DIGGIN THE NEW ONE!!!
On that grind.
I'm a big fan of the Q&As you do with various industry leaders, so informative.. not just for actors but for everyone else! :)
Much appreciated.
Watching an defendant testify in her own defense for asserting her right to freedom of speech. Shame on the State.
We're neighbors! #lovehighfalls!!
it might rain tonight.
Kinda surprised with some of the Tony nominations, not gonna lie but that Leading Actor in a Musical category is CUT THROAT!!
Just ran my last training run before the half marathon! Who's running/spectating?!!
getting ready to head out to New Orleans with
Hey Peter check us out stripped down 60's style r'n'r from Boston ya might dig !
but i MISS YOU GUYS, and hopefully i'll be baack for good soon! <3333
haha OMG. Im so having some on saturday!
If I read your book, Moon Tribe, will you sign my Kindle?
Too fun!
ENJOYIN THE END OF THIS YEAR THANK GOD ITS ALMOST OVER
Out with the old! In with the new! Happy New Year to All. As you grow into who you are to be I wish health, prosperity and success.
you have no idea & with blake its 20x worse lol !
Just started watching six feet under. Um, love it.
Wow talked to my cousin william.Hvnt seen him since 2004.Lots of shit.
at lucky buddah. these fuqen straight boys are hott as sh*t! this is weird 0.o
you're welcome :)
Waiting til half time so I can go get me something to eat
Great seeing you on the One Love Cruise after so long...blessings and continued success!!
let the bunnies rest in peace. We all know who the murder is.
Good thing I added "Wrongnumber Knucklehead" to my address book after the fifth time he called me Saturday. He continues his journey today.
I'm well. No mtgs scheduled today, but there's always a chance for impromptu ones.
Can you imagine what I would do if I could do all I can?
greece is over.
I've been tweet-jacked lol. I'm not done with twitter, I love it!
You're right, My apologies.
Or a reply. I'm just not
The Alb Co Public Schools Fine Arts Show at Fashion Square Mall: March 6 - 20.
alright bro. good luck with that. I've been trying for years hahaha
What a gorgeous morning!
"Go ask your mom!" "Not now, my mom isn't in a good mood."
Bitter... Cynical, table for 1
Will do. Always enjoy connecting on the human side!
Great idea! My students love to check what their classmates have created...
Did you see my tweet about Tom Cruise?!
RT RT Summer nights staying up till the sun comes up
We'll take him. RT : Is there a team that'll give Manny a shot? Teams wouldn't touch Bonds after '07 & he could still rake.
i wanted to be #Groupon #goods Becky but it's too long. We're both makin moves
Good morning everyone!
Lost Seth... Dammit...
Sadly, Sarah Jessica Parker didn't win the Kentucky Derby again this year.
now I have to tweet from my iPod so it makes me look cool.. Twitter for iPhone hahaha !
Does any1 know wat time the LMFAO concert is?:)
Must be a strong wine :-)
That's horrible officiating ..... You miss a foul and a travel on wade smh
"See the shot" the new AustinCarrism that will get ran into the ground.
The weather in Seattle is so choice.
thank u darlings!!!
My take on his piece was blog posts on issues in librarianship further our profession more than rants, trivia, & librarian fashion.
Would I go to hell if I broke my Lenten sacrifice? Because after a repeat of Monday I seriously need Happy Hour.
Thx for following edu_Marketing Ideas is a collaborative Twitter feed curated by Digital Pulp, a leading digital marketing agency
Theres a man at this concert with one of those twirly mustaches :)
wait so are we doing something tomorrow too?
Best costume ive seen tonight: a hershey's bar and the money you could be saving with geico. (excuse me if im spelling that wrong)
See you soon!! Sign on when you can to help with planning please
Check out our beautiful friend on ! She is such an amazing talent.
I wish he knew how much I love him.
both great events. Two educating/inspiring events on same night=no bueno. Be on the look out for the next one!
RT Me and are the hairs of #packernation! Follow us and we will follow back!
It is biased of you to call it "Obama care". It is health care.
btw our nonprofit is going to NOLA in December.
Wow, #NF is very sexy, troooooooooooof
I'm going to *try* to watch the US/England World Cup match. Billions of people see something in it that I have missed so far. Wish me luck!
I'm looking for someone to interview for one of my sports mgmt grad classes. Interested in what you do. Have a few minutes?
DON'T MAKE THE VIDEO. NO
I think that a lot was weighted on the seven in a row, that added a bunch of pressure to coaches and players i didnt like the break
true story!
completely irrelevant but my friend saw some girl you was with and looked at her ass...we was like #Damn (Smokey v
seriously?!? Do I need to go? I can go now and be late. It starts at 6
always here to help. ;-)
Some pundits predict major publishing houses will gain control of e-books in 2012. Control is the key word. No one wants that. Go indie.
haha. Maybe so! I was just talking about you last night...were your ears burning? ;)
Atlanta Lawyers should go bowling tonight!
Np! <3 THIS IS GREAT! I COULDNT HAVE THOUGHT OF A BETTER PICTURE! GO TO MY PROFILE IT LOOKS AMAZING! :D
Just saw a yard sign that read "RECALL SANTA -I didn't get what I wanted"
Join us @ Big Wang's Hollywood tonight for $1 drinks! Respond to this and I'll send you a credit :)
“: Bet you feeling like a million bucks huh? :)”better believe it!!!! I could get massages every day!
Thanks for the ideas! More recon for ! After-mob Eats!
Just left my last class and I'm pumped about it
I get turned on when I find out that a guy is handy around the house.
Being in a constant state of learning
Spent all day at the mall yesterday and somehow I felt like I partied this morning so I couldn't wake up
I've been telling u this for almost 2 yrs
Somehow I own a Brown and Mathis jersey...
What kind of pants are these? I'd take a 1 syllable "damn" or even a "you look nice" from my husband
so is that who's saying bad things about me?
yeah I admit I got tears when sang a trophy fathers trophy son. <3
Pop Legend Whitney Houston Dies at 48
And now they don't call fouls? C'mon man!
LMBO...I know my sense of humor is horrible!
Don’t drop the ball on your holiday party! Call Jillian’s/Lucky Strike today for rates and party package information, at 617.437.0300
Jeffrey Blum, DISH, S Band mobile satellite best short-term option 4 #FCC to free spectrum for mobile. CLI symposium
A big thank you to Cincinnati for a wonderful St. Pat's Parade...now let's win some basketball games!
definitely. i wasn't thinking about year of learning code, more big picture helping catalogers evolve
really enjoyed your TED talk! --Brendan's friend who directed Mercury in Summer's 'She's Automatic' video.
oh yea. Great interview. And tons of work done while waiting for delayed flights!!!
Brother:is l.a in Hollywood Mommy:yes...............no Me:are you freaking serious
Still miserable about losing my bid for breakfast with Should have just sucked it up and pushed through.
Had to retweet this. OMG a word in due season. Thank you
Tryna get pieced up?
Happy Friday! Beautiful day in Venice today. Get up and get ur groove on!
and I spell your name gabby, cause I'm special Kay?:)
I miss u too !! Sowwy mommy and I could not come play today :( son!!!!
Wow, today is my last day in libraries! Good memories of lots of awesome people, now time for new adventures and new awesome people!
I won't stop, I'll keep trying as hard as I can because taught me to #NEVERSAYNEVER ! If he doesn't notice me I WON'T GIVE UP7
Out of work then back at 5 to hostess. Shall be interesting.
Lmaooo so true!!
Whos all going ?
The greatest mistake you can make in life is to continually be afraid you will make one.
But I don't wanna live that way Reading into every word you say You said that you could let it go
Future of DH Design: 3D printers that print with chocolate - I'm so there!
River North, South Loop, West Loop all like that. Gold Coast will keep its eccentricities, I hope.
: Oh, and I'm defrosting pizza dough. Sharing tasty inspiration. Go us! :)
Sometimes I wish my kids were animated rabbits named Max&Ruby. They never argue,parents leave them alone & nothing bad happens
Friend's daughter said to me: everyone here calls me princess. Me: yeah. That ok? Her: it's AWESOME.
Please help #KidsAreHeroes win $1000 from by simply RTing this tweet!
"I am grateful for all of my problems. After each one was overcome, I became stronger and more able to meet those that were still to...
Why is it, as a team, The Crew can't lay off the high cheese? See also Braun, Hart, Weeks.
I want you to do that talk too!
Ball didn't hit ground. So either way INT or fumble, cards win. Tuck rule didn't matter.
When and tweet each other>>>>
Sat in the country by myself and painted an on site landscape. Sometimes you have to make a bad painting before you make some good ones.
i love how no one on here will really understand this other than us && like 5 other people. love you sarah :)
does anyone have recommendations for a good front harness for #dogs #dogtraining?
Where does all this stuff come from? Decluttering, as usual. I dream in minimalism.
YES! THe best one is the Comeback Kid when they are @ the ice rink playing that song on loop!
amber is such a blonde i cant take it...
this home schooling and football things is not much fun anymore when ur hhome sick.
Thanks for the follow! Hope you have an excellent weekend!
Second chances do come your way. Like trains, they arrive and depart regularly. Recognizing the ones that matter is the trick.
Gunna eat my life away
#Milwaukee, as you start your day, If you could pick one song to blare and fire you up for the day what would it be? ...
I hate road courses myself.
Whitney houston died yesterday in her hotel RIP Whitney ur music will shine all over the world as it did with the artists before u!
There is still time to book a company picnic filled with golf, beer & bonding with your coworkers. Contact your fav property for more info!
The Rockets have 13 asts on 20 baskets. Impressive.
Darkness in the Night I’ll Find that Light for You As Long as I got Eyes I’ll have a Sight for You
yea i feel you, i take a 100 every semester to lighten the load
Sound waves travel through the air, it hits our ear drums but we also feel it on our skin and in our bones. Nina Wise
Let's keep This hot run going. Email me to get the last 4 picks on today's card for a free trial
thanks for the follow. :-)
The next event is this thursday from 12-130 at The Grill at The La Jolla Hotel! Rsvp to come!
you should add indiana to that list
Where did all of my rum go?! Did I make that many rum cakes?!
love you <3
Join the Cody Jasper and their other social sites! goo.gl/hO9uy
LOL hmm I'm trying to figure it out lol... hopefully I won't get too distracted -_-
I feel like I didn't even sleep last night
RT : Off to #mentor at Metropolitan Ministries Partnership School. #DoGood, #FeelGood. **Thank you for your service.
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0099>
Having lunch with and prepping for my Ancient Financial Crisis class. Today's prep: Immigration stress and the Roman economy.
Tonight at The Canal Club- Tribal Seeds, Through the Roots, Proverbial and Crucial Elements Doors @ 8
Beautiful Monday!!! #GrindTime#
(12:15pm) 66° in Port Washington and Watertown. Milwaukee currently at 65° Hit the pause button on the remote! Brittney Sager
this is my Twitter
Its about 2 go down Sunday nights tributes 2 #Nirvana #LedZeppelin #TheRamones & #SteelyDan details coming soon
No school for me, probably getting xrays :(
For beer commercials,
I'm pretty sure Fade Into You will never stop being amazing. I hear it the same way I did the first time. Just makes me wanna drop my pants.
shock and awe over how ladies are going crazy over #Missoni line at #Target... well at least I walked away unscathed and with a new frame ;)
do ur thing Bella!
Hey Warriors are you ready for this semester to start?!?!?!
thanks, glad to hear it. RT : Thanks for the follow. I'm quite giddy because of it.
Spending some QT unsubscribing my Mom from tons of real estate newsletters I know she didn't sign up for. Looking at you !
of course I just now see this lol....it was random since you disappeared for months
Both my boys wear simple medic alert ones- they leave them on ALL the time [except some surgeries & all MRIs!]
Big Band Caliente ticket giveaway, today at 3pm at Facebook/BluesAlley
Do you tell him you care more for him than he thinks? Or do you say nothing and quietly suffer heart break knowing he is with someone else?
Those tears I just had were happy tears (: Thank baby god for letting me get through this .
www.soundclick.com/biggcountrybkabeatmonsta check me out n let me kno wut u think
I'd rather work today than move <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
Today plain out sucks.
Praying I get a good driving instructor for my test..
Our next basset hound will be named Napper Tandy.
#cnndebate okay, "cheerful" got a chuckle out of me
You can't expect to hit the jackpot if you don't put a few nickels in the machine. ~ Flip Wilson
Shot! Shots! Shots! Don't forget to get your annual vaccination shots!
LIve tweet with us throughout the #NFL Draft
Our big bad radio show returns tomorrow with a special mystery guest, meaning we didn't book him/her yet. Don't miss it, he/she is AMAZING!
Ready for Christmas? Need to relax and browse gorgeous holiday decor @ 40% off..yes! On your mobile phone go to m.kupoz.com/tulipia
To be your friend was all I ever wanted; to be your lover was all I ever dreamed.
for now...
Swedish Meatballs>>>>>>>Spaghetti and meatballs
Im tryna go see that documentary movie at the Tara thats about the 'best sushi maker in the world' in japan, he's 82 an is in the subway
Anyone know or have a voice that sounds anything like Sam Elliot? If so, we would like you to perform on our NEW EP!!!! MESSAGE US!
Does that hashtag imply you are a fan of crappy movies starring Ron Perlman? Because man, do I have a title for you.
You're welcome!
#FF who i believe left #brooklyn for
you're welcome! thanks for stopping by!
“ The Connection Seven Nights To Rock ep - Beatles, Ramones. Ramones, Beatles.fight fair & no blows above the waist" <~ Thanks
The Sheraton Keauhou Bay Resort & Spa Sheraton is undergoing an extensive property renovation effective January 2012.
Phil is a beast. You're the belle of the ball!
Speaking of events, we just published our newest poetry anthology & would love to chat with you.
I would marry one but the convo I heard earlier
That's a good point, which I hadn't thought of before. Though this may be tricky for many 18th century documents!
Had a great weekend despite some UPS and downs I'm growing spiritually
Times like this when you wish you could go back in time and change everything.
S/o to for simplifying my life
Much love to parker who just turned six.
Bought some vinyl today, first time in a long while. welcome ECCENTRIC SOUL / The Capsoul Label 001, to the collection.
I am 38 on the East Coast.
can you guys go out today? :((((((((((((( let's go eat somewhere or something.
Thanks for sharing! Doesn't look like I can make it, but would love to be able to go if I could - looks like some great sessions.
I'm ready to swap lives for a week 85. C'mon brah!
SAVE 12% FOR ST.PATRICKS DAY! PROMO CODE STPAT!
I made one the other day, having previously felt the same way. It has all the local traffic and news accounts I follow.
What's happening Nice to meet you!
Like Bored Someone Message Me!
Heading to happy hour with Maybe we'll find a roof top to enjoy?!
I DON'T KISS ASS!
ovens are off; sun is out; breeze is unbelievable for DC in June; heading to get coyote and to have some fun!
But isn't he getting married again soon?
I honestly can't wait for #revenge tonight! It has become my favorite show and I can't wait for the season finale!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A1>
Mnot my chair not my problem, that's what I say.
#Samsung #Comedy #Horror #Suspense #Action #SciFi #Musical (one crazy movie)
$1 Ground Beef Tacos!!!
possible thunderstorm is building, how do i know? the dog is begging that we all hide in the closet with her.
Follow as they're on the cutting edge of workplace research. Awesome organization!!
Then how ima talk to you ?
Saw Makropulos Case last night. It was pretty great! Mattila was stunning. Hope you're breathing easier.
Become part of something bigger than a health club. Join a health movement! And when you join the Y before January 31 you pay no join fee!
no but all my ex's are there (in my george str8 voice) lmao
Way too bored. I would go for a walk if it wasn't FREEZING out.
Happy mothers day everyone. All you give a big smooch on your moms cheek for me.
I need my glasses to find my glasses.
RT : Can a satisfying career & sustainable lifestyle co-exist? Find out how! Treat yourself to KISSpdx.com May 21-22.
What up boy u good
Everyone follow cuz she needs more followers stat! please RT
Hey sexi what's up? ;)
Perhaps one did not want to be loved so much as to be understood...
win today = v win tonight = HOPING!
Today turned out well<3
Two weeks at Toyota and they already handed over the keys to a new Camry for my first business trip tomorrow in Indy! Wish me luck!
Delaney- They shouldnt call them Jaylor, they should call them toe! :D
Looks like we (didn't) make it
Hope you are having a Happy Mother's Day!
Truly devastated that I won't be in Lexington when Turtle Man comes to the Delt house to film his new episode
The kind of illumination the Lincoln HID headlights cause in the front of cars is mind-boggling
I Love it when a homeowner fights and gets his foreclosure sale postponed!!! Happy Friday!!!
we will be ready at eleven.
Justin Bieber likes Captain Crunch! WITH BERRIES!!!! What a hottie<U+2665>
I am so happy for Christopher Plummer right now! Winning his 1st #Oscar at age 82--woo hoo!
#followback this your battle
have u seen the tweets of the latest work.
follow back??
let's get fucked up tonight!
Thanks, that certainly makes sense!
so i'm reading #softballproblems and over half of them remind me of you! haha you have to get on their twitter page and read em!
"Enjoy"-If that was what it was all about,it sure would cut down on the info glut;But gotta know "other side"
I love living downtown because sometimes when you want to play on swings you have to remove crime tape residue.
Cool! Are you using #tweetchat or Tweetdeck? anyone having lag issues? RT : I'm in :)
we call the Thomas & Mack Center, Montezuma Mesa East! It should be a great game, and I can't wait for the Lobos game next week.
Banks article "challenges whose dimensions he couldn't have imagined" REALLY? Anyone paying attention knows this is BS!
and isn't it funny how everyone turns into the person they swore they'd never be
Club for Junior Brown!
Our pleasure! RT : Thank you for your wonderful furniture for the party penthouse 64 !
Random thought....I bet cassie davis aka ms. ella from house of pain has some good punany
also heading for #cardcont Will be after 6.30 when i arrive. :)
Yeah, he had one jump on his face as a kid and it terrified him.
Thanks Betty!
I think it should go in between. Break up the Durkin monopoly on the block.
I can't stop listening to
Sometimes a simple "hey" can mean everything.
Just thinking about that movie makes Me wana cry
Got some exciting news! We will be launching our website on March 15th! Tons of great writeups, flicks, & freebies! Be on the lookout!! HFM
Interact with your customers dynamically with Google Places for your business.
RT : I figure that putting RainX on my windows should counteract the rain-inducing consequence of taking my car through Mike's...
forever and EEEEVVVVEEERRRR take this... All of you... And eat it
#20ThingsAboutMe 12. I have so much respect for people that have been through hell and back and are still happy.
. Books I read over and over again: Anais Nin's volumes of diaries; Bernhard Schlink's Der Vorleser; Josephine Hart's Damage.
They did what an amazing, experienced team does. However, the Thunder are better than what we saw at the end of that game.
"I carry spines" is my new favorite thing in the world.
#ijs b careful my nigga I will fuck u up bout #mine hope u hide #well or got a big
thats not watt im aiming for sis just speakin bro to sis
LOVE the violin, and love your picture! Would love to hear you play sometime!
Jimi Hendrix should have lived longer.
Peyton Manning to the Broncos
2) Her dad's name is……
best reason ever
So full... Just watching football and sitting on the most comfortable recliner, EVER.
Bored in class :o
I waited and he did come so I'm walking home wet and bored :-\
Entrepreneur Mag rates Detroit top place to "forge own path". Also in category: Portland, Boise, Berkeley & Burlington VT. Cool!
thank you for the #FF have a fantastic weekend
Thank you Corey...good night twitterverse!
Has anyone ever seen anything like the rise of #Pinterest? It's insane!
Helping set up for the Tribal Party!!!! If you're not attending then I hope to see you at the next one! You're missing out! ;)
I missed last night--had to cheer on my #Wildcats in the #NCAA final. Who's going home tonite?
Tell it like it is Sam. lol
dance show performance tonight #upallnight #dance #breakaleg btw were doing the Nutcracker :)
Tuesday’s a good day to get good drinks on the cheap. $3 calls and $1 off all taps. Cheers!
I am breaking my promise to never go back to a Disney on ice or any show. Let the strip mining of my pockets begin!
you've got mail :)
hell yea!! i have no idea why the fuck the kardashian reality tv show is still airing. my friend thinks kimye is bad 2.
yeah, I get that a lot! ;)
I like Vanilla Ice's Home Improvement show. Whats wrong with me?
On my break, I got a massage. #ilovemyjob :)
Studying during a break.... Winter mesters suck
i know right? :(
: Oh, hey, you're the guy who was the first one in the comments defending Wahoo at his dumb post. I see.
En route to Universal Studios! First stop? FOOD COURT.
Our youth start with a conversation, say they're students working on a project, and often have success. Self-confidence is key!
Dude's got game.
didn't say anything about their record over the last 10 games
navy lace dress arrived. will send pic later when I try it on, but first reaction is maybe it's too matronly
Who else uses their phone as a form of entertainment while sitting on the toilet?
back on the computer today after school! O yuss <3
I wish he would.
Going to WalMart and Home Depot
I'm at Starbucks
We'll be seeing you in Mequon tomorrow ;)
#Blogathonatx is so ready “: The cake has left the building! Hey are ya ready?!? :)”
For this I owe you a dozen donuts
I can't wait! I've got so many questions for Kandi! She's and Nene are my favorites!
Very cool. Be safe! Where are you? I am off on a 3-day roadtrip in a couple of weeks.
#IKnewItWasOverWhen Anthony Davis started trending in the US #BrowDown #BBN Go CATS!!!
ah I miss you too :( me you and mak soon! maybe we will see some hot guys at the mall again ahahaahh
This is so funny. I wish more people understood "do u need states tix?" : I thought he sold raffle tickets”
Curb appeal is second to none when attracting the highest offers. Overgrown bushes kill curb appeal and acceptable offers.
yep, u good? How about they tried to get me again this morning, I wasn't even having that lol
Good pick! They will probably get into NMH as teenagers and think they've "discovered" it. Unless, of course, they're teenagers now.
Five ways to get people to act now via Katya's Non-Profit Marketing Blog - My mentor, Bill Novelli, once said to me, “If ... ERROR
Had a great 10k race yesterday! Achieved two milestones: fastest 10k time ever (PR) and broke the 1 hour barrier. Finally!
You said if you say anything, what would come out of your mouth would be negative. What's going on?
We all have our own definition of a great #vacation. If yours involves drinks & a delicious meal without leaving your hotel, come here!
I was bored so I fell alseep . . smh
hey girl havent gotten a tweet lately hope you come to Maryland soon!!!!
Drama in Fitchburgggg
I THINK (non-buffalo) office mate just answered her work line with "Stop [pause] Stop" in an unaffected tone & hung up.
except for the British Open!
showing his professionalism tonight on twitter.
Harrison jokes this doctrine is something you could never explain to someone who hasn't been to law school. Or to most people who have.
What channel?
I Have to pee so bad
Thanks for the retweet!
My email spelling checker just suggested I change "OMG" to all-caps "OMEGA"
we will talk about this tonight Chloe
: Want to know what's happening in SW ATL neighborhoods? Follow me on Twitter! Your place for info devoted to SW ATL.
I know your pain.
RT : will feature engaging discussions on revitalizing our city, amazing artists & so much more. $25/tix 6-11p
really drew?! I think I'll save my limbs for dodging bullets and escaping burning buildings
Yeah I am skeptical. Illustrates the problem with survey research....
Nuge is a killetarian (only eats what he kills) who loves sex. Dave Mustaine endorsed Rick Santorum.
"i kinda want school tomorrow so i can actually play soccer #undecisive" *indecisive.. c'mon, your mom is my English teacher..
It looks like I will be in Buenos Aires in November. I am looking forward to the trip
Highly anticipating #ImpressYourself. Planning on making connections with artists in the professional world, and learning the industry.
Looking forward to a night out with Buckets & Lovey.
That's the rumor.... RT : Fact: You'll burn a lot more calories. #SCIENCE!!!
"Jack O' Latte enjoying the rituals... Pumpkin Spice with extra whip"
Hey :D I'm n the house gettin work done on my house but is already out n the streets - what x will u get there?
Great. Thanks!
Guys if you're going to sag, at least wear nice underwear.
I thought I wanted a career, turns out I just wanted paychecks.
David Carradine Learn to... be what you are, and learn to resign with a good grace all that you are not.
thanks for the follow, Vivian. Looking forward to the conversation.
Watching the #muppet movie with my Millerman till he's ready for bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><U+2764> I LOVE this kid to the moon and back!
“Life is a cabaret, all the world’s a stage — and everything is beautiful at the ballet!” Marc Jacobs. - - Wish I was at Fashion Week in NY!
Im glad im not tired yet
I was cleaning out stuff in my room and found an 09' scrapbook. It's crazy how much can change. I don't see anyone in it anymore.
Even if you're loaded in the OF, McCutchen is a proven talent.
glad you enjoy it buddy! :)
On my way today to planetarium conference in N Georgia after visit with sister and aunts in Atlanta area.
I'm workin on my beach bod!
Patrick Kane has new drunk photos surfacing on the internet which means the summer has officially begun. Thank you Patty Kane.
What a comeback by the Clippers. Down by as many as 27, make a stunning 26-1 run, leading to a 99-98 win over the Grizzlies. Wow.
U use to be the shit but now u ain't shit bitch
Was totally surprised to see in Embracing the Modern Age movie. Flummoxed trying to explain his TV show to Canadians.
Bitchy parents
RT milk is GROSS and bad for you anyway. Lol! :) *so true, Dana*
Can't wait till the Believe tour :)
#LoveAndHipHop looks good!
That's what I'm talkin' about! :-)
oh man #emotweets. get ahold of yourself!
your techno-term for the day: skeuomorph.
Ah. The slightly boozy stumble back from brunch. #rainysundays are so wonderful!
BANG BANG BANG! Bring it back/Come Rewind... BANG BANG BANG!
dee dm me.
Baby I could be ya last Better than ya past, and if ya wanna roll we can hit the gas and leave em in the past, you ain't even gotta ask
Have many mentors of all ages--each one can teach you something different
LETS GO: 20 Alternating Squat Kicks topped with 20 Side Lunges; did somebody say, 'More Base?'
I have to head to Erics. What you doing Saturday Night? After 5?
I can't ever express how dumb I think you are.
Ha, plausible. I hear you're embarking on a trans-Canadian tour.
Having this great morning vibe. Peace, Love, Tranquility and many blessings to all of you today and forever more! :D
you guys are so gay! <3 ya!
Did you know that there is a Chinatown in Las Vegas? At KJ Kitchen.
Holy crap! You are indeed! Can't believe I missed that. Thanks for representing!
I swear I would give up seeing all summer if he could just stay in Australia for longer. His happiness means more than mine.
Lovely to hear that about Mr. ! Is he there with you in Connecticut??
CHOOSEY CHICKS.....THE BRAND OF CHOICE
I think it is- btw miss tweeting with you!
I don't understand when people get so anxious & worried about things. Maybe if you'd just lay back & chill everything would be much clearer
“ “ girls who act all stuck up < its never that serious my nigga.””
Having some me time:)
Hell yeah nigga, of course. Come fuck wit ya lil bro
Pope: SMITE THEM... He's a-cookin samthing ap!
Shout out to all the plumbers going through shit!
we can't wait for this!
Lopsided victories in the first two matches of day 3 of the This time, handling #Uruguay 40-12.
Im glad you are ok
Waiting for the inevitable accusations that folks who complained about Tentacle Bento on Kickstarter are stifling freedom of speech.
eh tonight has been a bummer. i figure it can't get any worse hahaha
It's freezing in my apartment.
Welcome to ThorneLand . Our queen is . Our language is Thornish . Everyday i'm Thorning . Our name is BELLARINAS
We. I should tweet more.
I laugh so hard when my grandmothers phone rings and she doesn't know how to answer it
wish you could have came tonight!
Hey dude who named your store "$1 and up" Not sure you have a unique angle. Think that's implied by anyone who ever had a store
Are they supplementing their income due to the economy?
Are your picks based primarily on need or best available on the board? (I realize the latter is next to impossible in late rds)
Cause I see sparks when you smile<3
This week, The Janedear Girls are featured in Artist Audio! Check it out on #productionvault!
And to all my friends supporting Happy
Always treat people with respect. They deserve it! Say please & thank you. Give someone a smile today. You can touch someone's life with it!
Definitely more than decade. Can reconsider. Expect to find many variations.
Hello #Spring <3
Picked up some schwag and some knowledge at the #BISCI vendor expo tonight.
MORNING FE
pissed that I didn't see you at diffa but photo of your dress looked amazing!
i keep gettin stuck , but im never givin up.
Open gym actually went really good today. :)
nope. try again
Tonight's #FlicksforFree: 'Mean Girls' & 'The Sand Lot' Be there, 6p.
About to leave North America for the first time!!!
Any chance you have 2 tickets to Saturday's Grizzlies game?
Respect Is The Main Thing You Should Have In Life. Respect The Ones That Dont Misjudge You. Respect Family And Other Deaths and Losses.
where can we learn more about AU's 10 year plan?
- hopefully we may get lower $ for being loyal?
Did this just fucking happen
Sleeve monsters EVERYWHERE at Richardson's... watch out
Prosser cont. "They will be vigorously contested because I am innocent."
I usually get baskets from Gritt's at the market each year (I was always working in Charleston)! That's where I'll go!
I can't wait!
YOU CHOOSE OR LIVE BEYOND THE DEVIL AND MELT
damn im hungry
One day, i hope you look back at what we had and regret every single thing you did to let it go.
In response to my opposition, Household Finance pulled its motion for summary judgment.
Thundersnow here in Manhattan, too! (UES)
Hahaha- I wish!
I just geniused Poison by Bell Biv DeVoe. This is going to be awesome.
Exclusive: Angelina Jolie, Kids Bond With Russell Crowe on Les Miserables Set - Us Magazine
Cheers Katie :-)
rainy day in the burgh.......
yes u would !!!
Just so you know if i were a bird, you'd be the first person i'd crap on.
#Linsanity Add another to the longlonglong list of Warriors "rejects" that go on to do great things.
Analyst Actions: Credit Suisse Keeps Outperform on Mosaic and Potash Corp
yeah I've already seen them <3
Like a Boss.///“: Just signed my first baby! #Brewers #OnDeck”
Raise your hand if you're currently eating M&Ms, watching people tap dance to The Smiths "Sing Me To Sleep."
Congrats on your new car!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> sucks for you..
if you guys have to go to the bathroom during a red flag, what do you do?
I was lying! I would NEVER go to those parades lol. I'd end up in jail.
I'm gonna have to stop taking naps during my lunch break.
Apply a proactive approach in the QA Process on a consistent level
Just a boy, just an ordinary boy
Damn! Pretty little liars was crazy! I can't wait till next season!
#SUNDAYFUNDAY!!! HOPE YOU WIN SOME AWARDS TONIGHT AT THE VMA'S!! CAN'T WAIT TO SEE! FOLLOW ME! <3 :)
WHY IS yelling at ME!!!!!
um ME obviously..
Mediocrity is as close to the bottom as it is to the top.
*And yes, the immaturity of this exercise has been duly noted. Having said that...
Josh Ford was the running back and he gets his first touchdown as a Buffalo and his first since high school in 2008
RT : Defensive #leaders eventually forfeit their influence and trust. Don't self-justify!
I live for my women, but when the mind don't see me & only sex I gotta go!
were u at now leave me yalls info in mu dm
exactly what I was thinking
Melissa McCarthy on SNL? OMG funny.
Damn girl, I was up for close to 24 hours yesterday (kinda) & that was exhausting.
of #RHOA knows how effective VelaShape can be. Now try it for yourself. Visit www.michaeljonesmd.com
thanks:D
...a million things to do in NYC tonite but im recharging the battery NY will be here!!
aha! I know! that's why I'm learning Ruby right now ;) btw sorry if I came off crass.
define "interactive & high tech"
Just got potato whipped by
I SURE WILL !
hell yeah it is! Their shrimp cocktails are amazing, plus the steaks!
McDermott? More like McDumbott. Ok that was both a low blow and a really bad joke.
make that 1.4 million. Think Oceans Eleven but not quite as.smart.
SFE in ATL YOU ALREADY KNOW
FINALLY made it 2 Brownsville..... This was a long ass ride! Smh time 2 rest.....
hell yeah tj!
Alright, time to call it a night! First day at #Furman tomorrow! I can't wait!
both day and night, but there will be a bunch past 3pm so no worries!
I'm in Maryland now I came home to work all this summer.
I just googled it and I'm definitely wrong. Haha. Never mind. Nothing to see here.
Well so much for going to late night movies. My curfew is 8.
Gosh...I've been so busy! Happy Love day to all my new followers!!! DYNPR is redefining and recreating brands! **Have a fab day***
of course I'll email you the youtube clips to approve ...have a good night.
These mfs devoured my cake smmfh
thanks for the retweet!
bby I'm sorry awksfjskhsk :(( question, are we gonna do our rough drafts in class tomorrow???
could this chicago weather get any nicer?!! wowzers
let them decide I always decided >:|
Tower Garden? Easy home or restauraunt gardening! No green thumb needed! Tweet me 4 info. Restaurants, Moms, Vegans, Retired...so fun!
next up: Saturday, May 12th after the sox game at Who's On First? Boston!
Ready to go.
Going to da movies and bday party Saturday
Big Ben
If #wine is half as good as Story, it must be great! ;-) How bout img gallery of vintage photos??
Talk about Privacy by Design
LoL...Well now then...
Mike Bibby sighting! Much needed 3 pointer. We are still in it baby! Go
will do!
Just skyped with my 2-year old niece. She showed me how she drinks from a big girl cup and can jump off her big girl bed
It's thursday so We're bloggin' and designin' and SEOin' and Twitterin' and facebookin'
The Bongo basic is proof that we can all be happy.
Just received an awesome package of new pictures from Romania. We'll give you some teasers soon!
If you never read it, you should. I think Black Boy is a better version of Catcher in the Rye. But it's real and he's not crazy.
Please follow me!! <3
There is only one pretty child in the world. And every mother has it. - Chinese Proverb
I want some clap lights! *clap* ...fuck, the shit still on
MT my mom had full-time job took night school when we were kids. when my dad was diagnosed w cancer she was his champion. moms rule
should kill some traffic tho, not sure how valuable it'll be
Just watched the #NSN Fan cut again for the 5th time!it inspires me more and more each time!wish that will hopefully follow me
**First FRIDAY** @ #Notte Night Club! Ladies FREE before 11! Get there EARLY! The Turn UP Continues!
I have some #AmericanHorrorStory catching up to do.
George, because told me "My Sweet Lord" was a rip-off of the Chiffons' "He's So Fine"
I fight because I love to fight all the time nothing makes me more happy than fighting
Spending my Friday with William Wallace.
yeah, I'm pretty sure that could be a probable hypothesis!
there was just a spider crawling on me. wtf.
Thanks! There are three on the way home. :D I hit 7 stops this morning. 3 will make it an even 10 for the day. Rock on!
yuhh were one of dah first ones i first followed! dont chuu feel special ;D
Jingle bells batman smells robin laid an egg, the bat mobile lost its wheels and the joker got away!!!!
Thx for the tweet!!!
that's the way intramural softball go
Treat People How You Would Want To Be Treated! Cuz Karma Is A Bitch, So Just Make Sure That Bitch Is Beautiful. .
Having a gr8 day w/my brother & friends=] Enjoyed the sun in Laguna, ate at th Yard House in Fashion Island. now having fun in Newport, CA.
the O-Gii is the Godzilla. We had to do a name change. It's still just as amazing
ALIVIANE IS BRINGING ATENCION TO ME! I know u fired Rick Armendariz but why u want me to go to prison?
okay,anything else I should know or that pretty much it
Excellent. I was going to go to the gym, but my knees are hurting. I heard coffee is good for that.
they are always boring!
Gas is to much! I can't afford to drive anymore!!
Well behaved women seldom make history...or good tips.
Thanks so much!!
Goddamn, that has a beautiful head of hair!
You know what's always okay? Ivory soap. A chick is 99.44% pure right now.
What a day for the world!! So many (Facebook) friends' birthdays today. Happy Birthday and Live it up.
Program moderated by , with Donna McLoughlin (), chef Andrew Spurgin () & Lisa Pugliese.
oh my god...hahaha
Countdown to Halloween starts Saturday!!!!! Be sure to take advantage of our beds to get a beautiful tan to rock with your costume :o)
thanks. Excited to be back.
CJ has that swag coming back!
“: Fav #MotleyCrue Song?” has to be "looks that kill"
heyy if you're going to see Megan and Liz tomorrow, you should make them a poster! they're signing all posters tomorrow! :D
Should I get on this duty?!
I am not sure what's happening on that front.
I understand!!! Once a Keiki, always a kamaaina, even when you are far away from home.
Shot Girl Walking Around after 9
I will keep watching it because it's well cast but the writing is mostly hipster nonsense.
their ML class was really good. I'm taking their graphical models and text processing class this semester.
thanks for da follow
Just watched Avengers 3D in Clayton with Palau Field Team Good first 3D film.
Omg these freshmen are too much for me....smh..#DoTheMost for no reason
New classes added: LA, Atlanta, Austin, Columbia, Dallas, Washington DC, Denver, San Jose, New York, Phoenix, San Francisco & Mountain View
IF WE GET A SIGNING THO, I WILL CRY FOREVER AND EVER. MY LIFE WILL BE COMPLETE!
Wonder if Amar'e will be joining Charlie Sheen on his new TV show "Anger Management".........
Let's go Bulldogs! Basketball makes me so freakin happy!
Some QBs are babied more than others. The elite 5-6 are treated like MJ was in the NBA
Sitting down to read the Germano-Slavica
One of my favorites. Well done.
in your mind
Farragut square has just been invaded.. By tacos!!! So come and get some of that tasty deliciousness on this chilly but pretty
It's going to be a good summer!
RT : God is Good!!!! Thank u
#TebowTime Jesus is a #broncos fan this week. Next week he will be a Tom Brady fan
Someone to close his eyes for you, someone to close his heart. Someone who will die for you an' more, but it ain't me babe.
yeah I know
A practical tip for building relationships with the media. Tip #4. Write to a journalist as if they are your friend. Use simple language.
Sounds like a comeback brother.
"This Shining Night" will premiere at the Soho International Film Festival. Wed April 18 at 3 PM.
#FirstEdition #MayDay protests are coming - what can you expect in #PDX? #BrentWeisberg joins us with a preview
awesome! Can't wait to see him at foreign events!
Happy when I don't work Monday!
I would love a new phone. I haven't decided if I want to make the leap to an iPhone or stay with the Blackberry
NEMO :D Do you like too??
To bad #pacers can't close out a game
Horrible news about D Rose...
Shoot us a message if you would like to learn more about our tracking services. We are one of the leading GPS Manufaturers in the world.
“: Got my ticket for brew city hope I don't regret it” it was nice meeting you! Tell your friends to get tickets also!
I understand better today why my pops was the way he was and why he did things in his best interest FIRST!
damn it, you shouldn't have said that
<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0088>“: Whitney Houston's final performance just two days ago was "Jesus Loves Me" -- you will be missed Whitney!!”
When performed as a karaoke song, Paul McCartney's "Jet" is really just a content delivery system for shouting "JET!" about 80 times.
hey I wanted a free shirt
I always prevail & I always wish the best for others. My entire life I've never been insecure . No reason to ever be! Love to all<U+2764>
If outside LA, email your best Roast on Dushocki right away for the chance to be screened at the Roast! Email
im riding around in im getting it.
Why don't you practice safe sex go fuck yourself :/
I picked out the sculpture I will interpret for Art Alive 2012 at the SD Museum of Art, Balboa Park. Opening party is April 12, can't wait!
There is only one thing a philosopher can be relied upon to do, and that is to contradict other philosophers.
You and I are the lucky ones.
Honestly Love the music (: but no means of disrespect but come on . really ? :o
The playing of shitty ass dubstep during the announcements is what makes people not like dubstep at all...
Writing a hit this morning w/ Tim Taylor &
boring...home w a virus and no sister ...it's a long story. Toast and coffee now.
Thanks Cousin :) “: your dress was beautiful .”
do we need a code for the presale?
for twitter.?
Leaders see the future before others do.
it's like a cherry flavored hypnotiq. It was weird lol. I don't really know!
why do the cute guys are either taking or gay, like seriously. ._.
Hello to all the new followers who have joined from the page. Looking forward to all of your tweets.
you will love #GiveItARest trending today...
I'd need to dig up a tape player ;)
that I can understand, I'm from the south, only a few short hours from the Braves. Just also love the Mariners.
He's all happy 'cause his arm is clear &&' in the open haha . Wow
go on your and go to Fresno please.
Trying so hard to make it up the flag pole just to find out your hero's are assholes.
done with class :) home to do homework and eat yummy food!! Staaaaarrrving. This will be my first real meal since like New Years Eve.
MT : The onset of this snow event will be roughly between 4am and 6am. The morning commute will be heavily impacted. TY!
HAPPY NEW YEAR! WHAT DO YOU WANT FOR YOUR LIFE IN 2012? DREAM BIG!
I just saw it, and now getting it. you look FAB as alway's.
Well good news. I can't feel my fingers which means I can't feel the burn pain anymore
Goodnight guys <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
"Until death do us part" means we're all single in heaven, right?
“: Limited round 2 of the DailyThunder x Tree&Leaf "Get That Ring" shirts available today at noon!"
homeless man walking down street slowly w/ no shoes on carrying a leash with a scruffy looking dog, rich lady walks up says oh u poor dog...
Have you picked out your toy donation for the Holiday Gala yet!?! Great options on sale this week at Kohl's, Target and Toys R Us!
plays tomorrow, Sat Feb 4 at Club Garibaldi. Len Kasper rocks out with Your Indentured Servants to open!
I wanna phone in again ): its been 2 weeks since i talked to jc buh my phone bill will die.
Bitch I'm the shit
"The Artist's Way" is a truly helpful book to those who need motivation and affirmation in their #creativity!
I like how NM Gov. Martinez along with the nonprofit NM Amigos is on a journey to promote economic development & tourism in
How far are you from were the #Reds play
Me too, of course. RT : In Worthington today for the Ohio Local History Alliance conference.
In keeping w/ some Twitter convo, does size (of a wine list) matter? As a consumer, are you drawn to restaurants with expansive wine lists?
it's called coin dozer
yayyyy! What church?
the unwritten rule of pop music, you need to LOOK the way you SOUND.
Michigan State is never on the ropes.
how have you been???
a handful of bars including Wolskis.In bottles w/distributor soon and will be everywhere w/in 1-2 months!
Idk why but i dont enjoy watching jersey shore anymore.
i'll sleep when i die until than im up 24 hours
Long meeting at the FBI this afternoon. They stay at work until 7pm...when the air conditioning shuts down. Evry1 vacates b4 it gets hot!
yoyoyo...hope you are well. Sorry, I've been MIA on here lately.
When I scoot over on a public bench it's not that I'm being nice. It's that I want you out of my bubble bitch!
We try to get all our future Metro naturalists on the cover of GreenScene at some point.
what's the funniest thing that has ever happened to you? :)
People asking why I'm smiling from ear to ear...lol take a couple guesses...no need to brag
Good to know! I'm drawn to their utility, but have no stats on QR code impact...
Sad to see him go, especially to a team as gay as the Jets. Hope he gets a shot to compete as a QB, not just some gimmick wildcat crap.
Taking notebook and bike to Salem Lake to meet with video-makers shooting a promo video about biking in Winston. Like to bike? Come on down!
Without hard work, nothing grows but weeds. Gordon B. Hinckley
Okay here is a problem that I see, if you followed me just to get a guy that is messed up because for 1 I am WAY too young 4 u.
Bought a bicycle couple of weeks ago. It has totally changed my life! 2,5 hours of biking today+training for half marathon. Enough cardio?
75 minute discussion done in 15 minutes?
Think #cakepops not longer cool. Just saw it on a TV ad. Anytime underground ideas make it to mainstream pop culture - it's jumped the shark
enjoyed your tweet on "socially benefitting"
#iJustLoveItWhen someone tickles my back!
Serendipity: woman next to me at cafe turns out to be in town for a design conference--we talked book design & her insights got me thinking.
Why does an audition require showering & applying make up? I wish I could just audition for the part of a crackhead & pull a Halle Berry.
Tired of hearin Lil Waynes voice, get on sum real shit... I Do Not Like Lil Wayne!!! Fake azz B^LOOD!
time to watch #timanderic Jessica Alba is a bitch
That sounds legit man. Just gotta earn all 3 "Gs" on the end of swagg lol
Haha foo fighters are a garage band!!
Thanks for inviting us!
Happy birthday Becky!
Be quiet please
Yesterday was then! Today is now! I have no idea where I was gonna go with this!
that was nice, but next year I need a full song !!
ASH Agenda for Hematology Research Identifies Most Promising Areas for Scientific Discovery
I'm in AdMo
LIKE SMELLY GRANOLA OLD LADY. SHE LOOKS TERRIBLE. I DRESSED UP IN A PASTEL SUIT, WOOL FROM NORDSTROM. WE WERE TURNED OFF BY EACH OTHER
if I do i'll probs be at XL Thursday
we're too cool!(x
The dead cannot cry out for justice; it is a duty of the living to do so for them.
Can't wait to dance with the Sr. tomorrow! Love and miss you guys.....
im in love with TEEN WOLF <3
She wants all of of us to go to jail with her
seriously I don't know where you get the energy.
Okay - not ducking ash cloud - ash cloud covers plane - ash cloud wins - rock paper scissors - no Istanbul :( but paper and exhibit
A word to the wise ain't necessary - it's the stupid ones that need the advice
I'm blind, I'm deaf, I wanna be a ref!
will my husband be upset if 1) I read the book and find it on point and hilarious and 2) if I tell him to read it?
I think I might be there
sounding good bro. I don't speak spanish but I know you are singing for the Lord. Keep shining your light for Jesus.
Santee councilman John Minto: "They want to put something to test the air (from power plant) in El Cajon, then put this over in El Cajon"
I couldn't live without code snippets in TextMate, so I don't know why I never spent the time to set them up in Xcode.
you are on fire today dude. great work!
Final prep work for our special events! Cme out and support!
Spring Beauty Trend#1: Brown Smoky Eyes. A softer spin on the traditional black version. Great for day and night.
&#39;Letters From the Big Man&#39; review: Lush and humane
Finished womens coll round table & loved use of the word yenta!
It's nice to know that I don't actually have to watch the Super Bowl to know what's going on - That's what Twitter is for.
awww... :( definitely not as good as rebound ... that can't be outdone lol
yup it's like that
You just learned you only have 24 hours left to live, what do you do with that day? Ready, GO!
He has no choice.
NEW SINGLE I'M GATOR OUT NOW
I love , but the coach makes me sick. Let the steal one at the Bradley Center.
damn right sister!
if you would FOLLOW ME id be the happiest #boyarianator in the world <333 3
awesome film, particularly just before the end. :)
Dangit, I just remembered I have to take the AP test for bio tomorrow. :P
with the boys for the night
M gummy bears
Alert AFPW today at 1330 EST, government contracts in the works, Air Force! AFPW getting great buzz. This is bigger than I thought DD insane
lizards were a staple when we lived in Texas. The cat loved them. Me not so much
sure is
Listening to the Beasties on 94.9 as I drive to the trolley stop.
Have been developing WordPress websites lately.
hes not in the ICONic Boyz no more ...
...and by 45 I definitely meant 50 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> whoops
new menu starts on Monday. Awesome new sandwiches. Dinners and super new fish fry.
Thanks, ladies! Health Bent is a favorite site for recipes. I follow strictly, so no potato & no cheese :-( lame.
Good morning! Thought for today: Set a goal so big God himself will have to intervene in order for you to achieve it!!!
Thank you!!
“: You have such a good heart, but I couldn't watch this anymore - had to turn it off. Sorry Bob. #BL13.”AMEN!
Dumbest headline on NFL.COM 'Payton moving family to Dallas, but will still coach Saints' WHAT? REALLY! YOU ARE KIDDING ME!
Taking my wife for a romantic weekend. No phone calls! No e-mails! All right, maybe I'll check e-mail from time-to-time.
where you at foo?
In Chicago Awesome Lady event news, anyone going to Swap-O-Rama-Rama and/or Gold & The Beautiful this weekend?
Time Latino voter cover story spells out Latino voter diversity: recently naturalized Mexican in LA ... to young Cuban Obama supporter.
WELCOME! It's #BackToSchool for UMKC! Cheers to a great 2010-2011 school year.
love the pics you did for you should come see them May2 if you are in town :-)
You're supposed to. Revel in the hatred.
Thanks! I just submitted a ticket. Wacky bug keeps dropping the people I'm following.
yay. any Chococat lovers that like Chococat stuff? I'm selling a lot of stuff via FB. @ me, I'll shoot you the link. I ship worldwide.
#CODYJAKEUSTREAM #GOLDCOASTFINEST #WELCOMETOPARIDISE shoutout from wisconsin (i love you cody i will cry if you see this) <3
The pending execution of Troy Davis makes me sad. Punishing killing by killing is wrong
How sweet! <3
Hey phil ima grinder... Ilive a block from the strip. Can I came watch on the rail?
It did. It was written & I have no clue how well I did on it
It is too late to be up
keep up the live tweets! Demand the audience for more, the social networks are so quiet!
Few in China use Google; but smoking gun is probably held by Great Firewall, and the gun was pointing at some big USA data sets. WTF?
Yes!RT : The illiterate of the 21st Centry will not be those who can't read & write but those who can't learn-unlearn-& RELEARN!
i hated you? so everything i said was a lie? right?
Really tiny short people are so cute!!! I wanna put them in my pocket ^.^
Favorite City to Visit?
you know I will be there for my girl
You're recommending we see it with Joanne? RT “: Just went to see the movie "50/50" with Joanne. I highly recommend it.
I'm sleepy!! And I need a break
"Have Martin Luther tell God im heaven's future talent"
I just got back from the football gamewe lost & when I was in the middle of my cheer I was doing a cartwheel and I fell I landed on my back
aw! Sorry mama, my hubby got transferred so I'm forced to leave
prolly sunday. I'm not sure. that low key sound like Betrayel. I hope not lol
can't trust nobody man.
Just left where we took a tour of their New Closet! AMAZING!!
aww RT : Ozzie Guillem confirms -- he is done with Twitter. "I hate Twitter." recommends follow
When is the new El Cajon police station open for visitors? I want to see my great-grandpas photo :)
ya so funny! I love how they are so naturally awkward:)
dammit those wicans totally hexed us for making fun of them. Haha. They lit a candle & now I'm not getting paid :(
Yeah, everybody does. And now the cable companies are looking to punish us for our apostasy.
Up early
is our head or promotion! Say hi everyone!
www.wvencyclopedia.org/events Kudos to WV Humanities Council for launching this site!
Wuz good fam thanks for the connect
Very provocative, but true. I think most librarians really want to teach people information literacy.
one large uhaul trailer, an F250, and a car full of clothes...
Madonna did pretty good tho good halftime show
reason I joined please follow
Look forward to seeing everyone at Creating Change in Minneapolis! :)
people out there who are JB fan u out there who think are JB #1 fan well stop thinking i am JB #1 fan And no one can do anything about that
true. True. I think I tend to be attracted to clean shaven faces
that pic you put up a few mins ago was very cute
doing my best yet they are everywhere I look! : The best advice I have: avoid the yuppies at all costs.
Cool! will do, once i get on my computer! :")
Grady Health System () announced that Larry Callahan has joined the executive team as SVP/Chief HR Officer.
Jazz, Deconstructed (((TONIGHT))) @ The Kosmos! 7pm! Don't miss the first show in the series!
Thanks for the suggestions! I'll check them out!
We underserve diff types of information by calling it all content... RT
All I can say is that I am the best...#TeamMcClureMngmt let's get it
I'm 99% sure I have ADHD. Look! Something shiny!
has uncovered FAA documents describing a "near collision" between a Navy E2-C and a commercial airliner - Tonight at 5/6
Love when my homemade latte has hubby's whole milk in it instead of my skim
No! No! #MCA was my favorite Beastie! No! Shocked and sad:( #RIPMCA namaste
So, I've determined news on Twitter travels at a delay of 30 seconds. 17 seconds of digital TV delay and 13 seconds to write & send a tweet.
Really don't want a relationship like my mom and dad has...
"bound" books sound so inevitable and in trouble; exciting.
Carnival Cruise Lines Sale Triple Day, Triple Play today thru Thurs. Fun Select Rates, free upgrades, cash back! Call for info 800-803-7245
I didn't get it.just dm me your number and I'll text you?
Bi bi bi bi bi BIG Sean. Ba ba boy how BIG is you?
Thank you for your help!
says she's officially over her crafting OCD!
Men are quicker to say
-YES.! those are freakin Adorable.!!!!!
I got 99 cookies cause a bitch ate one.
Manuel Criollo Race & law enforcement r intertwined & good measure to understand full citizenship rights
still in school and im so bored.....someone help me from this horror!!!!!!!!
I agree, they are all awesome & thanks for the comment.
OMG OMG OMG you need to follow
RT : #NMFire RT : Cuervo Fire is now 100% contained. Thanks to all the crews that fought the fire today!!
I really was prob sleeping
Mailing class action notices
Thanks for helping us spread the word! A good carpenter is like a good baker--priceless! haha!!! :)
but she is 's mother as well. I stand by my statement. Very nice lady.
Good night bros. Let's all have a great week.
Want to blow the minds of any corner deli dood? Try drunkenly ordering a "muenster and mustard" sandwich. Do it sober, even. No comprende.
I tried new coconut m&ms. Yummy! The chex were dark choc turtle...I think. I "broke the seal" since cruise. EATIN TERRIBLE!
maybe because they're lazy or they're top of the mountain of Success is lower than yours.. WOW! your mount EVEREST... lol
i love HALLOWEEN
Just had the most amazing night at for the chef challenge. Congrats Joe--ur dishes were absolutely delectable! Great job!!
Can't wait until graduates! Then she can bring me food everyday.
Hey, Houston! I'm not sure who's town, but some of my old friends and I are meeting at Little Woodrow's in bellaire at 9:30 if you wanna...
Hahaha that's so freaking funny!
i think we're pretty much on target for world domination.
noo, im not home but I will later! :) are u watchin it? haha
Big data is critical to mobile business success, but there is still a lot to figure out.
oh we have to interview. My 2nd book is in publication & we have to discuss as well as other girl items.
#DescribeUrExUsingOnlyMovieTitle Thin Line Between love & hate
Author gives the words, as an artist you can do things, invent all that happens. Don't do words literally. Make words visual.
I can't wait to see on thursday!
WHAT HAPPENED TO MARMOL?!
I'm doing good. How are you my freind.
I love the - but what happened to late night Fridays? Any plans to stay open late on a weeknight?
Remember a gift for your new jailer!/Charles Taylor.
Plus-size Betty Draper!
Just remember, craft beer in a 24oz can. There's only 2 choices there. We support either selection! :)
Who on the westbank?
Return to sender!
RT : Just smoked a bowl and am now going target shooting. Aim high, people.
I just realized why I wasn't following some of these dudes... Bunch of dick riding faggots SMH
#Ford takes conservative approach on Pinterest.
Displayed horizontally, vertically, indoors or out, a banner is a versatile and cost-effective way to put your message in many places.
Loving that red top!!!
Hell yea, Hoosers that game was awesome!!!
Yeah that's solid McLuhanery right there. That'll last, if only for teaching. Sequel (Premediation) isn't bad either.
No, but what if the world ends and I spend all my money on tickets and don't even get to go?!
"users want the same experience on all devices" said the CTO from a big tech company today. What kind of users have they been talking to?
I think that somehow, we learn who we really are and then live with that decision. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I am so jealous!
We are doing our next drawing for 2 tickets at 2:00 today on Twitter & Facebook! Like/follow us to win!
still though... carrying around a keyboard ruins the whole point. Master the virtual keyboard instead!
I Love Tittes Man
...can get unwieldy. And under 75k is only for things like middle-grade or cozies. Under 50k, and it's a novella.
Are you a parent of a #teenager? We want to hear from you! Please email us @
InDaisy for iPod/iPhone Digital talking book on a mobile device.
and impressed.
thanks man. Left for Vegas right after it was over
Today's #CovertTU word: PAVEMENT ARTIST – outdoor surveillance specialist operating on foot. We have pavement artists out in this weather!
Find someone worth your tears, worth your laughter, worth your heart, and that loves you as much as you love them...
If this hotel really wanted me to feel at home, they would supply the room with a complimentary cat to stare at me while I pee.
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
Florida Gators’ Chris Rainey happy to be reunited with Maurkice Pouncey in Pittsburgh - Miami Herald Found on Bing
where in KC are you living?
Labor Day Sale Starts Tomorrow. 30% Off selected products. Check your email in the morning. Everybody have a great day.
when people get mad at your tweet like you're directly @ them -____-
what was that guys twitter from the magic castle?
also Angelina jeez
Thanks, I will check them out! -Benjamin
Hot 100 tomorrow anyone wanna sign up let me know!
well I'm familiar w/ the anger.
The Beatles can sooth a healing heart. So can . Thanks for being there for me
will be there, can't run this year tho. Will try to get others. Happy New Year!
": I'm sorry everything I do isn't good enough."
Is this the day before #FF shout out?
Live draft show Thursday at the Stoneyard. First cold one is on me for those who come to show starting at 7:00
They really do!!
We just want you to know we're fans for life <3 no lie!
mane i remember when u wudnt feelin twitter...now u done flew past me in tweets
i meant to check it out last night. I was #DEAD sleep lol
It's fucking stupid windy outside! Geez
What's wrong with organic vodka?
Here I was thinking I was running a fever. Turns out it's 80 degrees in here.
virgins are nervous...
Sounds like my side of the family.
We were always meant to say goodbye..
Agreed, I prefer to hear multiple voices, cc:
#Spurs and LA Clippers tonight. #GoSpursGo This one is for my buddy Liren.
You put over the edge! Our is now at 50% thanks to you & 2 others who donated in the last hour. Whoohoo!
I'm all jokes and beers on level one. I'm all smoke and mirrors on level 2.
oh my god these horns sound so huge.
Ty! I agree on my mom's side! RT: Your family sure lives to a ripe old age! Glad your uncle had a long life.
We would if we could create our own artist page RT : Is any arts .org trying out the new iTunes social network: Ping?
yes ma'am !
first off, in this case the price required the gratuity because of party size. They shouldn't have sat and eaten knowing the policy
Reminder: #UMW will participate in the statewide tornado drill at 9:30 a.m. today with a test of the Area Warning System & AlertUMW
Great to be following Keep up the good work
Can we pls just get this drug test over with?! Had I known thered be an hour's wait I woulda held off on the 3 gatorades.
My transcontinental TEDx webinar on youth events is almost ready for tomorrow. Featuring guests from Alaska and Scotland!
Love what I do.
smh . broke , ugly , smelly niggas that cant dress make me sick . #LOSER!
Who wears dookie braids in 2012 big and ugly
If you think nobody cares if you are alive, try missing a couple of car payments. -Earl Wilson
Let no one who loves be unhappy… even love unreturned has its rainbow.James Matthew Barrie.
so do I pay you now or what bhaha jk
#Top10Lies I only had to go on the #MauryShow #OneTime to find out who my #BabyDaddy is...
Although the city is getting revenue & local film studios are benefiting, I hate that Chicago will be the backdrop of a Michael Bay movie.
As a La Mesa resident, found it funny and somewhat true. But, good things are happening in The Village. Sid should check it out.
Im coming (pause) to NY very very soon!! When i get there its gonna be #epic.... What yall doin for Cinco de mayo?
very true! Serve a purpose, yes, but only if it's a good fit for them. If its not, makes inst weaker
Just college posted today from 85 cappers with 3 consensus and off a 0-5 cons day a lot of guys are fading!...See ya at the window
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
ur unmmmmm awesome :).. And yes u are who they were referring to:)
#WHITEHOUSE Join us in helping the president achieve these goals to make the US great again. Taking the money out of politics is essential
Thistle coffee house is playing a playlist of every indie/folk song i discovered in college.
Giddy up indeed!!
What a great event! See u there!
i so love you wayy more then that(:
Hey Gtown and Syracuse... Get this over with, it's time for the TAR HEELS
knock that shit off! You are a soccer player dust yourself off and get back at it
Thank you! RT : Listening to "I put my pjs on Vol.1" already diggin the 1st track !
I was on that flight, too! Catching the 8pm back. You?
awe aye chan i feel the same way about you (':
Dreams come true when they are attached to deadlines... -Richard M. Killian
Amen! RT : Our best #travel memories have come from kindness of strangers. Always try to pay it forward on the planet we share
Audition tomorrow! Woohoo!
No! My bed does a lot of nice things for me. It's always there and it never cheats!
thought same thing
tyga has catchy ass lyrics.
Therefore, when a woman finds herself losing her hair, she can have an intense reaction to the reality of hair loss
Today we kicked off the week with Katie and Kyle's rehearsal at Sunset Key then dinner at Latitude's! It's a beautiful day in Key West.
Sitting on my bed bored 2 death
Not a bad plan...I'll check the CANSPAM act too
my niggas!!!! We were so beyond gooooonnneee last night lmao
#FridayReads Tile project is done, so I can now get back to WASTELANDS by
anytime! Would love to have you out! Cheers
Time 2 Run GOOD
this isnt "Julia" this is actually Piero,Gianluca, & Ignazio. sorry... April Fools (;
Eat healthy & find the time for exercise. It's the secret to staying youthful & strong. It's the best gift you can give to yourself!
Thank you for retweets
Hey, whatever happened to James Franco?
I Wish Any Celebrity Would Follow Me Thats My Dream and Wish
where were u looking into getting another job ?
Great prices on Interceramic travertine floors!!! BUY NOW AND TAKE ADVANTAGE OF THE 0% Interest for 48 months starts June 30th.
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I'd walk through a garden forever.
Man I hate being sick!
is there anything that can't do
I assume they won lol...email their names and I will get you whatever you need
Just drink some tea and get with the tao. Find your te. Do some t'ai chi.
World of Warcraft episode of south park....damn right. #mombafroom!
#yourbiggestproblem is that your phone only gets 3G in here
Would opinions on Park 51 be different if the ground zero site looked more like a skyscraper (or even a memorial) than ground zero?
You should make my
lol, my granny from Ar :) Fried bologna anyone ;)
I'm just a head. What do you expect?
#aha2012 question now under discussion: is narrative important to history?
HWOOD tonight yall! give me a ring if you need anything!
RT Finally realized I'm not interdisciplinary or postdisciplinary, I'm just undisciplined. And I'm OK with that.
What is going to be important in your life today ?
Mullen's : PR is bar none the strongest new biz weapon. It's a confidence driver.
Impractical Jokers marathon? I think so.
HEART ATTACK~ Trey songz I love this song to death!!<U+E022><U+E327><U+E327><U+E328><U+E022>
Thanks for following What's your favorite movie quote?
That moment u catch a double take from a cute girl.
Where to Find Quality Social Media Marketing Ideas Where to Find quality Social Media Marketing Ideas Social Media Marketing is big news
Highlight of my day: watching two male ducks fight over a female duck haha. So funny
I'm the same way! I try to keep positive thoughts, but at the same time it's too frustrating with our offense and injuries!
thank you! I'm glad to hear it- our audience seems to mostly be yoga studios & sleeping babies but we take what we can get
Hello Everyone! Follow the very Talented Andrea Lee . Shes soon to be the next big thing!
Yeah, in the Arena league
“: Photo of the Day: President Obama does push ups on WH b-ball court. The guy loves basketball. How cool is that!
OMG i still have to respond to that invite! See you soon lil mama.
I have about 25 of those. I wish there was a way for me to open the door for them
Loves the new #iPhone app for #JLL. Good job!
- whats it called?
Finished the day at Pomona Art Museum, particularly thrilled by Lloyd Hamrol's balloon + H2O room-- like party in the womb. Irwin is wow,2.
Really? There is a "Hookers Heating & Cooling" in #mke?
lol you demand too much
Thank you!
Talking up Coast at the BioGuard conference in Cancun!
Every time i refresh twitter search 4 #scdebate Newt is ontop with the same donation blurb. I wonder who's trying 2 buy the presidency?
Not since NBC's Heroes have I seen a show's writing go to crap as fast as since its Season 1 Finale.
I know what I'm gonna make...
& others, missed earlier convo abt B/5yr freeze. Yes in q. Equal q to me is savings assumptn of no rtn to mean after 5 yrs.
Big Sunglasses: An ugly chick's best friend...
PEOPLE FOLLOW !!! his other pagee was hacked so FOLLOW THIS ONE!! RT and Give shoutouts!!!
All You Need is Glove
Random sampling of new song titles - Daddy, Dreamcatcher, The Road/Kicking Stones, The Devil's Whistle, July 26th 2010, Dogma, True Union
yes, and fervent Caps enthusiasm could be called "Capitalism".
Just took the #SleepChallenge -- Let's make sleep a priority again!
And it's time. I never thought the decision would be this difficult ... Which dress will I say 'YES!' to? =T
#NOWFOLLOWING Girls if you want advice on boys you should follow. & boys if you wanna read true tweets also follow.
It was a small container filled with buzzing bees
Really enjoyed #NerdyCast - Love the old school RW/RR talk. How often do you plan to do these?
I voted YES on the SAG-AFTRA merger. Strength in unity!
thanks I can't wait!
I'm having a hard time understanding your question. E-mail me at .au
what are you doing?
I can't wait to celebrate #restaurantweek in #chicago at I'm definitely ordering the stone crabs. YUM
What's up?!
im mex. but live in oklahoma!!:P
those moments I treasure. I will always miss them
Went to the circus last. What a great show! They've come a long way since I was a kid.
Wake up every day with a sad pain in my stomach. I need to get used to being single! I can't be in a relationship till I'm strong in myself
Oh black hair salons, why must you keep me for 3+ hours? I'm like a 2 pump chump, a minute man; I like to get in and get out quickly. LOL.
You're not an alcoholic till you graduate college.
Im starting 2 get n 2 books who can I read 2
followed by 101 on pitch 115. Guy is amazing.
I'm good. Just a bit tired of working at the studio all day... :) You?
she says "hello"
At the plant today. This is a different world....
Brown, RISD rank on list for social media - Providence Business News
RIP MCA... sad panda
Stay-at-home mothers face challenges
I am going to get over you.
#Peace & Blessings to all Y'all. Thank you for supporting Drivn Apparel.
Given how many different places I see Debates in DH referenced, I'm never going to turn down a invitation again.
Our LB spot is going to be an expanded version with the addition of numerous new menu items including wood fired pizzas
When will the suffering and pain go away. I just want to leave forever. I'm in tears. Why me.
idk bout all that I don't drink the agua
Thanks for the follow, how many properties do you manage? My name is Derek....we manage properties in TX!
As it happens, that's the official dress code. RT if i am going to go to this mobbies business, i will be dressed up all fancyass.
on Justin Timberlake: "I was with him since way back. I know talent when I see it!"
RT Wow getting over you is literally going to be the hardest thing ever ugh. Why can't I stop loving you.
yay! so you have a #milwaukee job in place yet? let's grab coffee...in person or via Skype :)
When Carlos is super sweet then dry.... Fuck you.
Got a man and a baby do ya thang I aint hatin.
Bases loaded for Calhoun in 4th with one out, and Humpal appeared to have called third strike, but called ball. Frustration abound for Bluff
& Charles are hilarious tonight!!
SHOVE IT!!
you love me a lot;)
You get the super nerd endurance award prima.
you just donated bills to the league goodlooks!! thank that man
Doesn't feel like it's going to be Christmas in 3 days :|
A little Ron Burgandy goes a long way with and ! Missing during the cat show ;)
What crochet summer scarves are supposedly popular to wear w/sundresses in CA? Friend wants me to make one & I don't know what she means. :(
Aww thanks. We like you too! RT : I like you.
Warning now canceled That was a short warning Still plenty of lightning
/ no problem! Until the #browns start winning, I can't hate on the #Steelers too much. But I hope Hines snaps an ankle on
We have a show next Saturday! Come out and support! 7pm at Fuel Cafe! Tickets are $10!
#WFUV is Friend Raising. I have been a friend since the early 1990s. My favorite DJs are Pete Fornatale and Claudia Marshall
Retail therapy never fails...maybe it fails my bank account...but it never fails my mood!
#Quote: We are all motivated by a keen desire for praise, and the better a man is, the more he is inspired to glory.Cicero...
I feel like a dumb ass that could of went in the tank but guaranty I spend a 100 if it go any higher
It's alright. I had my Boston choking tweets ready to roll! It's all good.
Thank you, Alexia.
Not a good day to go to school...
Life-affirming, change Month of theatre, dance, science Farewell April, thanks!
Be good to your children, they pick out your nursing home! ;-)
“Mother’s Day is day of pride and love both for and from your children."
Do you like it?!?
Lil nigka get killed tryna sale weed, 17, momz say she give him $ er mnth n dey live n a fat house n she Gucci'd down smh.. kids gotta learn
Even with technical difficulties, movies under the stars by an urban farm is ridiculously cool.
a Happy Birthday #ShoutOut to
Everyone and everything you see is in flux.
Drew going after the block.. almost had it there
Just checked and it turns out im still in love with
i just ha a two hour long talk with your boyfriend . jealous ? (: love you (:
Holy eye shadow J-Lo!!!
NFL draft winners/losers: Redskins qualify as both after taking Robert Griffin I, Kirk Cousins
Keep us updated!
Dr. Diez-Roux is presenting compelling evidence tying neighborhood features and characteristics with persisting health disparities
Nice to meet you Seumas. :)
The person who wrote the song "Video Killed the Radio Star" had either terrible self-image issues or was just ugly as fuck
ARE YOU EXCITED FOR YOUR PERFORMANCE OF #BOYFRIEND ON TONIGHT?!?!?!?:) 18
I'm ready for the greatest weekend ever!!
You are so talented! I can't wait to hear the album. Best of luck to you!
I'm tired of the games, we done played enough.
you're all a bunch of classy prostitutes...
I couldn't get there until about 8:30.
Sometimes I know I shouldn't......and that's exactly why I do.
1 On My Neck 1 On My Chest 1 Licking On My Thigh.#FreeBoosie.Song #LetMeGetMe.Its Problems Bitch.
There is a wisdom of the head, and a wisdom of the heart. - Charles Dickens
...and he said, "Hot dog, kid! You better walk faster or they're gonna ketchup to us!"
Your skull is red! Fingernail Red! Your bones are red! And it feels good! ... Your Skull is Red
My little brother has a girlfriend! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Chryst went to Pitt, Crist went to Kansas. Christmas, should be great for both. :)
Legend of Korra episode 2 with a side of grilled cheese sandwich. Yes please.
So glad to hear that! Lets meet up at some point today :)
Hey people good morning follow me ! tnx ;)
There is to much religion in the world , but not enough to love one another
IF J.P. Morgan is "One of the BEST managed banks", then I shudder to thiink of the ones who are NOT "well-managed"!! Return 2 Glass-Steigal
We're speaking with about "The Little Match Girl Passion", Pulitzer-winning work by David Lang.
In presentation on social media. Great work Bob!
#NFLrookie advice: Showcasing true character & integrity gives instant credibility with the fans and with the media.
15% off all orders at Mayura this week!
I've fallen a wee bit off the wagon the past two days. Not feeling well, and just wanna curl up on the couch & have some comfort food....
Over the last maybe three years, I've developed a mild cultural affinity for the Democrats over the Republicans. (1/2)
It pays THIS single Mom's YMCA membership for me and my son.
precisely. Not sexy work... But comes w/ the territory.
you have done an incredible job - the police layoffs are rough especially with you trying to take back the streets STAY FOCUSED!
MT I want one of the composite girlfriends to be played by
Your Voice, is what Keeps me up and running ; Day &- Night. Ryan, You're amazing. Don't ever, forget that. <3
yup it was good lol
Almost to the Canadian border. Driving through New York now. Just a few more hours to go...
Thanks! We appreciate your business. Now you need Nasty Clamps TShirts!
You've got me walking down Memory Lane: B&H, Gem Spa, Fillmore East, Ratner's ("With cake you want bread??").
cam just tweeted me this day keeps getting better
Can't wait till Summer. <3
- thanks for the RT!
Thanks for stopping by today - we had a great time!
He's so great! He's an original for sure. :)
LOLOL I just noticed my 3,000th tweet was to and I didn't even realize it. (: WOO! 3,000 TWEETS!
Ha! Exactly.
Mega Buzz: Another Castle Cliff-Hanger, Fringe&#39;s Finale and a Prentiss Return?
:D HAHAHAHAHHA have you checked the cats?!;)
I'll be there.
you are!!!
#Citelighter is a back to school #musthave ! www.thecampusdiva.com
I knew that you were a vaginaface!
From his early days in Britain, to the current days of running an emergency shelter in New Mexico,Jeremy Reynalds Ph.D. has been on a path
Carolyn Haywood was never one to miss a holiday. Which is probably why she wrote "A Valentine Fantasy" in 1976.
Early morning yoga class I am DETERMINED to get up early enough to go to you! This.is.happening
Just spent the night in Sacremento. 500 more miles until San Diego!
Yall should do a song together.. i sure your fans would Love it
I'll have to look that up. Thanks!
You on tour?
Texas did get a FG out of that, and it is 17-13 with less than 5 minutes to go.
New Orleans Museum of Art gettin my final assignment together viewin famous paintings n guess what I kind of like it I'm shocked lol
Yes, he is very cute! Almost makes your head explode type of cuteness.
Completely unrelated, there's a really cute puppy down the street named "Panda".
lol so not foothills
I'm a bad boy I'm going to inhouse.
We're excited to be teaming up with SD Coastkeeper for a fundraiser at our San Diego store. Stay tuned for details!
are you a Lakers fan???
Learning about #SQL Server 2008 Change Data Capture and Change Tracking
taking Coffee Sabbatical up and down the west coast Border to Border! Never a boring cup of coffee Thanks
Thanks so much! Yall too! :)
Some bitch on Match.com dropped me! I told her my hair was a little longer than emo length. Hello!! I said LONGER than emo...
heh. She was actually talking about Facebook messages, but yes, ironic isn't it.
Walmart: SentrySafe Waterproof Fire Chest Possibly $9.97 after ...: All You magazine shared a coupon good on a S...
And that's a wrap!! In the past 3 days I have completed 18 hair/makeup appts!! I am officially in relax mode as of right now!!
#ShoutOut to all of our new twitter followers
Thx for setting this up! Pls add me to the list
Im up way to early ima be sleep walking at work I barely slept buh w/e heading to this school .
yes sir.. Dont know what the situation Is but if you would like I can say a prayer for you
I can't express how excited I am to be out the door by 7am. O_o
I've never been a major BJD fan, so maybe I'll take a raincheck on this particular roomie date? Brunch soon though!
#MoviesILove starting with the Letter "S" #Scream , #SavingPrivateRyan , #Signs , #Swingers , #Superbad , #SunsetBlvd ,
Some people can be plain out rude...Where are you going to go with that kind of personality? If you don't like something, #KeepQuiet!
No, I think you brought that up over drinks one night at Context, maybe? But I failed to ship you all of my clothes.
can you help us with a show there?
Hope our card doesn't get stolen!
Thank you! (And I miss you.)
People that are in my story I'm so sorry I forgot to do the story but I promise I will do it Friday or Saturday but probably Friday night
I knew that. YES I am tweeting at work. Slammed some coffee and attempting to stay awake.
Love you!! Safe travels home. See you Saturday!!
One time to all our new followers thx for joining the movement …Fuego out
RT New Edition Tour with don't miss it!!! // CHICAGO IS GOING TO BE READY
hey u goin out today?
Just got not 1, but 2 FREE loaded burritos cus I'm just that tight w the employees @ the gym's food bar. Aah being nice does wonders.
When your flight delay sends all arrangements asunder, breathe, forgive, and make a flight agent's day with good intentions.
May the Fourth be with you... :)
It feels so god to get something you've worked for.
Hi Larry! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback!
APD: Sex assault suspect caught, murderer on the loose. Warm days coming, & Earth Day! FOX 7 is next!
The only productive things I did today were go to class and get another tattoo. And write an article. But that's really it.
email me duder
Went tanning, took lola on a walk and now doing some hw so I can have the rest of the night to myself ;-)
: yeap, you're welcome
That's what we like to hear. Happy saving! RT lookin great and saving us money! Thanks for everything!
pretty good...im watching it now..remote control is the dirtiest thing in the house.
Thanks for sharing our infographic, glad you liked it!
lol ok then,,,
I have some over protected ass brothers and cousins lbfs
Congrats to the cast and crew of Night Sweats on a great opening! Y'all are awesome.
CJ Watson all you had to do was fucking dribble it out SHAKING MY FUCKING HEAD
If only I hadn't told my friends who I like.
what's the deal? U good?
Bama's D is unstoppable!
What vitamin deficiency do I have if the water I drink must be so cold it makes my teeth hurt? Is "too hot" a vitamin deficiency?
“: "Good, better, best. Never let it rest. Until your good is better and your better is best." ~Tim Duncan~” #wakeforest '97
Im At The Movie Theater And They Posters Up For Titanic, Star Wars, And Beauty and the Beast....What Year Is This???
Yeah i noticed that... Sad to say but i think I have seen every episode..
will do :)
Former U.S. Rep. Dave Obey says Democratic candidates in recall race should be focusing fire on Gov. Walker, not each other.
That is a huge bummer....sorry:(
Finished #reading 3 books this weekend: Last of the High Kings by Thompson, Fractured by Slaughter, and Spider Bones by Reichs
hello lulu how are you?
The difference between the impossible and the possible lies in a person's determination. -Tommy Lasorda
At the Women in Power awards lunch, great to see so many successful women giving back!
Seafood dinner with baked salmon steaks, sushi, shrimp cocktail, salad, sourdough bread, & chicken alfredo downstairs #needanappetite <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I WILL YELL AT YOU. THEN I WILL ACT LIKE YOU YELLED AT ME. IT IS THE WAY OF THE CRAZY MOTHER.
: i threw a pork butt in the crock pot for tomorrow & decided I want pizza .. LoL #Yum #Hugs!!
Yo how are you gonna pass a pic around saying "I think that's her baby" get a life dumb bitch. Nobody likes you and your cars name is cunt
lmao sometimes, I forget and realize in the mirror like damn my legs are little.
LOL Im not surprised
The students did so well with their essays! I can tell they took my advice to heart and revised. So proud!
U UP LATE!
it just started happening a few weeks ago.
Be sure to point out how embarrassingly wrong all the phone pollsters were last night.
Thanks for the props! Expect some great deals soon. RT : Who's behind ? #LOVE the concept!
Working on #beach #theme #event #ImprintedBeachBalls #ImprintedBeachTowels www.BNoticed.com
My time has become so precious & unless you serious about me . dont waste it .
chyeah it is :)
thanks Ron for the follow it's greatly appreciated!
My gut wants an Irazu soy milkshake. I don't mind that's its right.
Nice job on hiring Andy Reed from CBSSports.com - he is a good guy and has a good rep in the Atlanta online community.
That's what I'm guessing. Casting ideas for Lord Licorice and King Candy?
"#Aquarius Kiss is sudden, startlingly and different from the rest you've had."
Omfg its over and done with!! Get over it! U dnt have to deal with it anymore!!! U just want to start drama!!
If you aren't going to try to continue the conversation and just stop texting me.....screw you.
I wonder if these ppl can tell I have a attitude by my face
Enjoy your BBQ, but be careful around the fire!
Are you looking for trading methods / systems, or just general information ?
ONLY 9 MORE DAYS till you are no longer BRACE FACE! (: either way i like you just the way u are. (;
Thanks, Twitter for sending that a million times :(
“: Gucci*” is it the smell or the price?
So John Travolta is as straight as a "Broken Arrow?"
If life were perfect, you would not need tomorrow- InSpotter mobile app
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!, How old did you turn?
Don’t torture yourself- When life will do it for you- InSpotter mobile app
Good for you, man. In addition to talking film, i would have been asking him about the Prince experiences.
I signed my SJSU contract years ago & couldn't help but wonder why Cali would need my fighting skills when they had Gov Arnold.
New Video: Nas 'Nasty ' Taking it back to the neighborhood that made him the man he is today, Nas releases the video for his new single "
Laracuente and Henderson wrote a very honest paper deconstructing the course - students may not realize comments have any impact
Even Turner has a lot sloppy parts to his game too
at home. And they both won 2-1 so it's tied
okay cool! Where can I hear your music? You write too?
Amazon Has Tried Everything to Make Shopping Easier. Except This.
Dear world, leggings are not pants,unless you cover your ass properly it's just NOT cute. Take it from a girl with a big ass, don't do it!!!
My Grass Is Alwayz Greener Haha
Happy it's Friday :D
Gealto Flavors of the week: white chocolate. Not a chocolate fan? That's ok we also have mango sorbet
oh well i, sorry you made it seem like that
that explains it. I am on an iPhone
When a guy breaks up with his gorgeous girlfriend to get at a girl below her level < pendejo!
Some Awesome tweet pals 2
you are sideways in your video.
saw a girl today who waas shooting in the gym
My room as at a consistant 59 degrees and i have a nice tall glass of orange soda and a plate of salad.. Time for those essays
I've had Kidney Stones. NO to birth! Ha!
man yo ass a loser girl
Roughly the same amount of employees work at GE as the whole Icelandic nation
If it makes you feel better about yourself, go for it. I took Psychology 101 and know all about scapegoating.
I hate this class. Drivers Ed sucks ass.
I agree, love ourselves unconditionally! ;)
Thanks to , , , , , for your support of KiteFest!
thanks for the mention :)
It is still top secret so I can't tell you here.
RT : Chrome: Fastest on Macs, Favorite on Weekends?: A raft of new data repaints the ever-changing picture of the glo......
I Hope the class of 2012 continues to go forward in life..and hopefully its filled with prosperity:-)
Many thanks to for a wonderful thesis defense! Enjoy your time in Philly!
Off to perform at Jasper Art Fest from 2-4! Stop by and say hey! :)
cuz some buns like to share dogs !
some of yall go from team to team .
If a turtle doesn't have a shell, is he homeless or naked?
Physical therapy day....
So sleepuh. cannot spell correctly. Eye lids weigh 100 pounds. Acblkvxdetbv khbmvfuj M. Sleep.
how do u get a popilar utube???? plz answer
Heavy teens have trouble managing diabetes: Study | Kuwait Times
As far as I can tell, they're vegan. Paprika seems to be the seasoning tool to get the hot dog thing going.
Dark green, Pa is warm 4 Jan. Went fly fishing today
Nuggets need to resign JaVale he showed great promise. We also NEED a shooter. Having someone that can knock down a consistent j is huge.
so wa r u doin 4 spring break
I love Kristen Wiig. I wish she had a Twitter.
Jen's great, isn't she? Friendly and has a lot of #TEFL experience. have you taught abroad yet?
Why? Was on record. We recorded; they recorded; they released. Who cares?
Chorizo? Too close to seis de mayo. Lost a buck. Get it together.
Who is this Lexi chick that everyone is freaking out about?!?
Thanky love the Lawlessness, the bralessness and the flawlessness.
What are his hours? We'd make the trip down for such a cool establishment.
Have a great time.
Bounce wit me!
I would rather cut off all my fingers and toes with a butter knife than listen to
Tonight! Swing/Salsa/Tango at Hemingway Gallery (19th and Baltimore, KCMO) 8pm till Midnight - All Ages - Free Beginner Tango Lesson at 8pm
Someone hide Anne B. Davis! RT : Strange to lose both Mrs. Cleaver and Mr. Cunningham in the same week.
Whatever happens in your life, life is not over yet. There is still hope, and anything can still happen.
If she still taking the fcat she too young for you bro LMFAO
is awesome thanks for folowing
With and <3
Bucks should sign Allan Houston.
life is challenging right now, but I know I will get over the bump
I love when says "i heard your looking for a man. Is it cool if he's australian too?" my favorite!
Thanks man. :) when's your guys' next show?
Wow! The clippers come back from down 27 to win!
I want to help amplify the #OccupyRochester Movement #ROC #OccupyRoc If i'm retweeting your stuff & you don't like it, tell me to bugger off
hey! :) k on the 17th is my birthday and from then on i get to go to EVERY concert:))
- So... what's the wait time on a beta invite?
You should text me<3<3
"Wilmo": is it a good nickname for our city?
.. you mean "formerly small market teams". Unsure who the SM teams are these days, KC, Pitts, then who? esp w/ new stadiums
thank you for you folling!!:)
robert specialty meats is awesome! you were right!Thanks
Thanks for the follow!
struggling with b2Evolution: need to have the default blog be A catagory, not ALL catagories!
I love coming home from school for a couple hours to take a nap. Missing study hall and choir.... nah don't care.
Serge ibaka playing chess while the lakers are playing checkers
Too soon!!!
If you're a woman & you work hard for the money, thank Donna Summer for giving you an anthem & reminding the world of your dignity.
Oh wow, did I just get a tenure track offer? Just when you think job market season is over...
Today I'm having a GREAT day at work! :)
sittin here wit my GURL DESTINE
so glad you don't exist anymore...
So glad my bio lab teacher lady finally emailed me my study guide for the exam! Now I can totally ace this thing!
Omfg . Nick ( my friend ) tweted that :/ im going to KILL him .
RT : is GIVING away a Porsche? Follow them or for deets! You DON'T have to be local to KY.
you'll be my glass of wine, I'll be your shot of whisky.
Nowak re Dallas game: Will be tough, physical. We're not going to play different than we did on Sunday. Maybe 3 up top.
:-( Lisa's leaving the Balloon Museum. Due to a new business she started months ago which has "ballooned." New contact -
“: somebody punch bieber please! #thatwouldbegoodPPV” loool
fingers crossed, I may be having a shoot on Friday at a Philly building I've been wanting to get into for ages.
show it off...
We have several great drummers that come to our class!
With those colors, people may think you're from Barberton like MyMainManMike aka
#Kman has some splinters in his fingers. Any ideas on how to get them out?
forgive ne I'm so late happy mothers day beautiful I wish you and all of your loved ones all the best
you stink
This little font is killing me...Can you change the font size>?
Just a few more hours until A is revealed on so excited
Going home to watch the Packers beat up on da Bears!
I can compl. relate. I embrace the hybridity that my 5 mile bike commute affords me.
Stocks soared Tues on signs of strength in the U.S. housing market, as concerns about the Euro debt crisis eased. via
u make it sound worst than it is..lol
girl i care <3
I feel such a lack of high school musical
Currently listening to new friend Deborah Jones from Univ of Melbourne discuss LMS usage at her school (Cerbibo conf, China)
Happy birthday !
I crashed out early as fuk last nite! N rite now I'm running round doin shit wit my aunt!
Lms if u think my mom should do the walk for hunger with me
51 minutes ago Walker tweets about WI unemployment rate going down. Now he tweets how same stat is inaccurate. Shameless
i wouldnt lie to you roar
Thanks for mentions.
thanks for the RT
I like Greg Mahoney's smile ;D
One of my favs. Can't wait for the new one. LOVE Madea. LOVE Tyler Perry. Saw him in person about two years ago in Oakland.
Too much doubt. Let's pray without ceasing for Troy Davis' soul. “ ....there, but for the grace of GOD, go I.”
IT'S FINALLY HERE.
Happy Monday!
Sick of females talkin bout how good they look . U look like the fifth member of xscape...
I know, I really wanted her to win! But out of the rest of them I'm glad its meryl streep!
Wait, I learned something tonight, lol. Had no idea Rihanna is from Barbados.
Ok, hard hitting question about Google Chrome OS: Oh Chrome, why are you so rad and a media darling? No explanation needed-U r rad
gaaah! so many comercials! on LOST. ps: i hate the new subway one w/phelps!
i do have vocals!!!!!
: Did you mean "smother" and not SMUGGLE?
Why Not D: We Were Suppose To Party With Her Cat !>.< Ohh And Yus c:
Short nap before work... NOT <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
My snap ranking: Sigarda, Wake, Township, Sledge, Hierarch, Finks, Pridemage, Lion. But I also don't know your criteria
i went to hershey park yesterday it's better then 6 flags omg i'm feeling sick
Ah the wardrobe was awesome. Totally captured the time period.
Same to you! You're recognized as an expert! I mean... pundit. lol
VIADOOM! Front page of the Seattle Times today, can't believe the URL was still available. want to make a viaduct web page w/ me?
is working from home this morning, waiting for GOODWORD and happy the sun is out... too many margaritas last night but I ended at the gym...
That awkward moment when you go to touch Someone's stomache. . . And their boobs get in the way . . ( )
The Shave Barbershop 305.866.1940 The Best Barbershop in Miami Beach 1114 Normandy Drive Miami Beach 33141 FL
I'm getting an integrity lesson from a man who wants to be part of public discourse but doesn't want to show face/name?
You'd be a perfect leader for your library! I was lucky to have hired some creators to get our project going.
Thanks buddy! Salute! Are you still in SD?
So we didn't end up doing the cover of weightless last night but we will do it next time
I have one. Let's roll.
Are you kidding? I still pee my pants a little when I think about it. We're FB friends, too, so I'll shoot you a msg w/ my
Thanks, man!
If you set the dryer for 350 degrees F and let it run for two minutes it should be ok. Take pics. Love to see what your up to?
is there a cars2 tweet review forthcoming?
RT : Players Abroad by Adriana Rodrigues. Here's a look at how Americans and Canadians did this week overseas...
Yes, thanks. It was, but it's OK now. It was so bizarre!
yeah like this week
saw you at #blogalicious11 you passed out your CD thanks for the follow. Great work that you do.
Seahawks kicking off pre-season. Gonna be a long frustrating year!
I am a guest of Bob Lanier at the NBA Legends Brunch in Los Angeles.
thanks for the rt! "Who you callin' sophisticated?"
Lol must be bored
Sup people so bored :)
Ok ladies! I'm thinking bandanas, tutus/shorts, & white fish nets. Any other ideas?
#muthaeffinbingo a tie now better result in a shake weight-off
gormless scotty says / I will provide tools to use / but they wreck, not build
Good luck to all the beauties at the Miss Nevada USA Pageant live from with host
Shades of Seattle 1919 in Oakland. Though, in Seattle the main lever was mass transit: Shutting the street cars down.
Always on, keepin' on, always on, never off
Congrats #USA! going for the cup!
Also, we will be seeking coaches with experience soon. If interested, send inquires to
I am really sorry to hear about pooky. Hopefully all turns out well.. :(
Anyone need a néw follower I'm here for ya F4F Q&A ask me anything :D
Tune in to ": Big day tom- We have Irish Dancers coming in later- It's about to get loud in here!"
#top100femaleLies "your the father"
#FoodTruckThrowdown is less than 3 hours away, fun to be had on Pendleton Pike for lunch! Many trucks!!
I think that there may be several former Goucher students involved.
My Drama BFA lead to self-realization, compassion, deep understanding of myself & others. And income.
I'm not
idk! Take me out somewhere cute(;
cause your life is soccer!
is it better than the Masters? hAHA!
Rachel nailed it!
Going on crash diets or fasting for a few days to hit a certain weight goal is silly because once you start eating again you'll gain it back
oh good we love that this is fun. Tell us ur great adventures too and where
oh my god thanks so much haha!
That's the combination nut lick + dick suck.
Is it bad that I'm down with this?
Yep. My eyelids hurt. Make it stop.
Home of the Future - Home Fuel Cell - residential fuel cells
Currently manifesting greatness
Come out to support BASE Camp 's Dockside in Apopka for spirit night!
I always think about their sardine sandwich. Heaven for $5.
Wonderful Spring day in Colorado today. Get out and help those around you! Good deeds never go unnoticed.
I...but...it's Malbec. I could see if it was chardonay or something. But Malbec? Why???!
TODAY ONLY at Pacific Beach Salon: First 10 people get 50%OFF a BOTTLE OF LOTION! From noon-2pm get a FREE MYSTIC TAN! ALL TANS $10 ALL DAY
On mention of year he graduated from sibling school, Columbia, 83 & Moonwalk was big then, crowd urges Obama to "moonwalk". He declines. Ha!
HA! LeBron thought he could disguise his blatantly self-promotional show by giving the proceeds to charity.
Save the whales but lets go eat a steak. What the hell.
Having dinner at El Barco on Ashland tonight.
Thanks for the follow Hoping you have a lot to tweet about this fall.
"..Perfect song on the radio Sing along cause its one we know It's a smile It's a kiss Its a sip of wine.. Its summertime.. "<3
It takes a long time to become young. ~ Pablo Picasso
Just finished my quiz.... GEESH.!!!! Smh
you say selfless, I say shameless. Either way you should be there ;-)
Paul: Watching Benji for the first time - some of the music is a bit over dramatic. Ivan thinks I'd like to make songs like this...um no
real talk. can't flex. the idea of super old folks kissin just crossed my mind & i was disgusted. so i'm tellin ya'll the thought so you...
Spokenreassons funny as hell
Fernet Cocktail. Not the best choice...tastes like my toothpaste.
Happy Bday to my bro Have the best day you can possibly have, you deserve that!
Thank you for the RT Sweetie (pun intended :~)
Can you feel it Mr.Krabs? :3
Leann Rhymes, no one wants to hear you complain about not winning Mega Millions. & no wants wants to hear Blake Shelton's stand-up comedy
Importance of networking, research & higher ed to healthy economy - states cutting these budgets in a "race to the bottom"
They sure do:( probably the hardest unexplainable feeling ever. You're welcome! & Thanks. I'll be thinking of you tomorrow:\
Hi Mark, Thank you for following, I am looking forward to your tweets!!
Yo! If you're on the west coast, make sure you watch my big bro Wayne Brady on Dancing With The Stars tonight on ABC. He Killed it!!!!!!!!
yeah buddy!(;
is watching the Spurs game!
85 bus is 35 minutes late and counting
Reading through the Google Books/Authors/Publishers settlement...
With the wifey I love u
I #dresslikeflo last year
Thank you for coming out this weekend!
already on it!!!! been watching for it like a hawk!
Even decaf gives me the jitters, so I only have a cup as an occasional treat.
Our campaign office in Cedarburg has yardsigns. Come stop by, say hi, and sign up for a volunteer shift!
And since we all know women may only wear one type of Halloween costume, I humbly submit
101 IS THE AMOUNT TO BE :)
I don't do yoga but shout out to the dude who was trying to suck his own dick and invented it.
Boehner says: "supporting (Oversight Comm) efforts to hold those people in the Department of Justice accountable for what happened."
hope u have a great weekend
When I'm in an old folks home, nothing would depress me more than seeing kids dance and sing for us while I drool on myself in my wheelchair
Liberty University, where you can have liberty so long as you're not liberal.
That girl is poison
In less than a year we have two engagements!! Congrats to the couples!! www.supertova.com
Here Comes The Handy CV Preparing App for iOS: CV Maker ...
Love it.
KMA offers creative lucidity for musicians in one of the most gorgeous spaces in New York! Share the music :)
Build A Rocket really has a completely different feel, just like each of their albums do.. I really hope it grows on you!
Is programmable baby. Pledge for the parliament show now and listen to 1979 show...
We get a lot of "we will do it" then six months later we are still asking for it...
": Goodbyes are not forever. Goodbyes are not the end. They simply mean I'll miss you Until we meet again! #MarilynMonroeID"
Pineapples I don't like it
-__________- I HATE YOU
TV adv for upcoming MTV/VMA awards show features the hundreds of gloves LaCrasia Gloves made as a tribute for Michael Jackson It was anhonor
"After all, a Justiciar Knight is not an ideologically insecure individual." --Anders Breivik in the Q & A section, where he is both Q & A.
in the car, on the way to dinner.
when I lived in Ohio I never lived an hr away from any casino and LA is looking weaaK right now! My loyalty lies with Cleveland <U+261D>
You ready?
#BM2_MTAbus Sat 6/25 2:10 west bound bus did not pick up at ANY stops! Passed all by and we got on the BM4 instead
love to my Homies
My Minecraft review: landmark game; reinvigorated the PC gaming scene; re-thinks notions of gameplay vs. player expression. 8.5.
Still can't dance.
Ohh it was "Robin, when you sass someone, it really means a something to a lot of people here. Your sass is powerful."
Keep calm and let the boyz be your Teenage Dream.
Whew! Thousands and thousands of people today at the Austin Airport Flea Market. Great bands too!
...makes fewer places seem lonely. I'm learning how to retain who I am despite changing surroundings, and to grow.
I heart YOU for Intelligent analysis of politics!! Awesome! Keep doin your thang my sista! Peace!!! Great commentary on maddow..
(Well, not quite. Still have to look over a formatted physical copy of before pub. But we're getting there, !)
thanks! on to the finals now :)
God I can't wait for St. Patty's day... The only time a year you can get shitfaced and puke on people and they don't care!
Could a miracle weight loss pill replace your need to exercise. The story only on News4 at 11. Plus -Travon Martin's parents file a lawsuit
Leave it to Marmol...
can't wait to take part in Seneca life again.
No! Really? A check for $0.10?
good night..
My girl is the best thing that happened to me, she truly is my soul mate
What makes our fresh Guacamole better? BACON! Try our healthy portion for $6.25. Perfect for an appetizer!
Proud of ! Got an amazing opportunity to add to her resume. Ready to link it all together.
Trolling is and art
Today's crazy is brought to you by all the letters in the alphabet (rearranged to spell 's name).
Help fight Breast Cancer with Cassiday at Planet Fitness (7100 W. US 290 Yin Oak Hill) today 12p-2p!
#SportingKC #wecantbestopped 1 Game at a time but man this is a really good team we have! Today the Defense was Incredible!
RT : Blue Cheese in the house!!! RT : I am here!!!
Onions are great. That's all.
We had to submit birth certificates for all covered dependents last year. Seems to be a growing trend at colleges & universities.
Jumper and Hoffman from this past game would get my vote.
IT LIVES!!! Phone less no more
Check out Nashville's Picking Violets, duo sirens, - text them: getpickingviolets to 88704.
Claire's Art Opening is in an hour, stop by to celebrate her art show.
Yepnope is obviously Republican at heart; less taxing on the tubes... Could it be the library that unites us all?
My copy of Take Shelter just shipped! Can't wait to watch it again
yep yep in his voice....... look @ me now! ctfu
What's going on in the Voice Over world today?
SAN DIEGO'S CRAFT REVOLUTION is revving up. Full speed ahead for opening day, Sunday, October 16.
hehehehe It's stuck in my head too.
If you don't know who #Joshua Ledet is....you will. I'm excited about the music to come.
When you fall for someones personality everything else about them become beautiful.
Yeah, you are! And I wish it was nine here!
The last time I gave a shit... hmm... it was in my diaper.
#lovegettingtold you are the ninth caller when I know there was no special deal and they don't give me anything extra. Just nice to know.
Amen! MT ... candidates: show me who you are and your accomplishments, rather than just not being the other guy.
it's early 12-9 Ohio St
This is going to be a LONG day of work. :)
hey, you. yeah you reading this. you are beautiful and dont let anyone tell you otherwise. keep your head up.
Yup. and so you did. lol :p what's new?
Lmfaooooo!! “ That awkward moment when you don't know whether or not the person's pregnant or just fat.”
Okayy then, talk to you when it's back on :)
Face Full of Murder
Hey Emily, Bill Cunningham plays once more at the Fest-Sat.4/30 12:30 Don't know if the Little will get or not
i need and to be BFF's at OSU next year.... y'all need to go to sauvies with me and be acquainted
snow! what you talking bout denver post?
It is even harder for the average ape to believe that he has descended from man
no it was something he ate
I want a day for not leaving the bed! I barely got in mine last night before I had to leave it. Oh bed, how I miss you so.
I somehow managed to get an A in Information Technologies?
I just remembered the time almost did a front flip in the Walmart parking lot.
2012 Resolutions: Ok on working out. Not so okay on keeping library book stack to a reasonable amount. MUST READ MORE.
"Sales people are coin operated" - cool anecdote on engaging sales force in the competitive intelligence agenda from Jon Hink at Fiserv
Saturday night's alright for fighting, and $4 Jack + Absolut specials at Kilroy's Sports!
Core De Roma 214 South Street
Open til 7pm....come visit us !!!
My nose ring just stabbed the inside of my nose and it started bleeding. I'm dying. LmS if u crieD.
just people talkin shit. Dont want to name any names..
imma stop doin what i do
hope 2 meet you in Florida sometime bc i live here maybe you could come to the brandon mall and see all your Florida fans:):)
Getting ready to wage war on the water coming in my basement, pretty sure this is a fruitless effort
lol for sure!
check out this cool new airport app
Giants and A's people: and I are coming to your homes soon. Where does one sit when attending your stadium?
41days till summer
i like it.....we need to work on a pic for you though...
Titans will maul the Patriots in the home opener
Love your optimism, Erik. Can't see the Sox winning more than maybe, 120...
Oops, I took it, sorry ;) RT : I can't find my Steelers track jacket, you guys.
I'm really just bout to go back to my fuck everything and everyone attitude
i need to take a nap ! lemme put my hair up <U+E13C>
Drechsler mocks gov't on Lally credibility, showing jury a list of witnesses vouching for credbility: “It’s a blank piece of paper.”
the real spoiler is that Christina is wearing "Oops I Crapped My Pants".
Thanks for following us! Stay tuned for news and special offers just for our Twitter followers.
Irony is rarely lost on me. *narrows eyes, stares into the distance*
Secondhand pink or black blouses, why so hard to find?
where is it at today
Obama is more conservative than Ronald Reagan when you look at actual policy... the parties exist to benefit the rich.
#sometimesyouhaveto talk to yourself for the only sane conversation of the fucking day
Apple doesn't fall far from the tree! RT : My 7-y-o daughter wants to learn French! Reading Madeleine books.....
I know
What I want you've got And it might be hard to handle Like the flame that burns the candle The candle feeds the flame
yes He is more than able!!!
Thank you for the follow: ,
I finished school for today:) now I can enjoy my thanksgiving break!
If you get lost tonight for the Glenfiddich Scotch Tasting event, shoot me a text or tweet and I'll help with directions!
Missed my 400th tweet.
haha where did that come from? but yes let em know!
Yum. We love those sour, tangy flavors.
do you do PayPal?
The Calvins on the "Praying Calvin" decals are asking God for a glass of water, so they can pee on more logos.
DJ ENVY ONE SPINNING @ THIRSTY THURSDAYS AT RELIC LOUNGE
no way your a rock star !
You was my Everything i thought we had more then this </3
Do you need divorce, bankruptcy or other documents, but can't afford to pay a big lawyer's fee? CALL US AT (727) 474 9988 / (813) 352 3275
I have video footage from concert this morning..hoping to upload to FB soon. Didn't notice there either.
The judges made a terrible decision not picking you for a wildcard ;)
nerfin just being Susie homemaker “: What it do shawty RT : hey boo”
just chilling I don't have anything to do :)x
How do you cook vegatables in the microwave ? Take them out their wheelchair.
I recommend Healthy Cofee USA, Inc. Much better product and easyer business Opportunity...
You're in marketing. And Irish. I figure you were born w/ a command of a play on words!
not much time for tweeting on Shark Street
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098> I love you too. Ima still beat your ass tho <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
lol.. adam is laughing at me
cant stop watching you sing on youtube! Maybe I'll have to go to see you in Chicago. How excited are you?!
Let today be a day of renewal and let us resurrect those dreams inside and claim victory over death!
even deeper
When I muss you I Re-read our old conversations and smile like an idiot.
“: : Content curators distribute their curated collections -- to FB, Twitter" not behind standalone websites
what do you do when your watching a baby and a4 year old and your brother is not helping
www.platinumposts.com :)
Just opened my wallet to buy lunch and found very soggy bills; vestige of Saturday's #U2 concert in the rain.
i know me too im hungry haha
Un placer!!! Bendiciones :-)
awesome idea! i know of a few medians and boulevards this might work with...
Good morning<3.
was it ever about the medium?
I've come back to follow Terry Teachout twitter opera rehearsals from Santa Fe. Convergence culture indeed. Next: an opera in 40 characters?
give em hell dave
Hey - does Randy have any new merchandise coming out? I need some shades or at least a tshirt.
What is your biggest pet peeve?
This time Jasmine tweeted autocratic power
you are just the cutest thing (': x
i'm currently trying out diasp.org, but would love an invite to the main site. thanks and good work!
#fridayreads AND SHE WAS -- trying to fit in Lily Marie's schedule. Argh! Intrigued by hints of Brenna's older sis's story
alright, it will be early tho of that's cool?
what was that B2B blog you mentioned?
if It wasn't so boring at work I would be okay with it. Facebook is quiet too! Aaahhh!
#49ers the kick return man was wrong for dropping two balls, and should be ashamed of himself!
oh yeah gl final 8
Back to work!
RT : The all-time NFL Experience attendance record (200K+) has just been broken with a day and a half left to go.
you're nicer than me, I was thinking pee-filled balloons.
Anyone else really want to run a marathon across China's new Jiaozhou bridge?
let's get Zayn to notice us!! :)
#perecki Careful about tugging scarf, hand wringing. Hold pen?
so like letting patrons FB/Twitter about your org to spread mktg message?
aww I hope my sons feel the same way when they're grown up! One leaves for college in 2 years (gulp)
I mean, I have. I don't call you anymore, remember?
On my way to the crib
Every girl signature move in a fight is hair pull.
“: What radio station were you listening to?” I'm not certain but it was local to DC.
#WhatIf the #Patriots Send off bites them in the ass? It was like the #Pats WON the #Superbowl? Act like you've been here! #Boston #Worst :(
Three words to describe yesterday? Lease. Avocado. Slayer. Three words for today? Shins. Penthouse. Wine.
Let's make a silent movie!
Henderson of points out that gains at the secondary level have grown sharply since 2007
bitch jk but i cant believe u left this aweesome account :P
Get it together ladies lol RT : Needs to get these vegas plans together.. we need a travel agency!!
hey now... What is your WWF user name? I can't find you!
so... like when she sleeps? cc:
aww, you're nice, too.
he there, sorry for the long wait on the response. Sorry Yanuar, but I do not have time to deal with his issue.
It's only thursday tomorrow. Fuuuuuuuuuuuuck.
Working next to 2 plates of cookies is challenging.
GOOD THINGS HAPPEN TO GOOD PPL!
lol she's cool, hood name but she ain't ghetto
Then there is the answer - another cup of coffee it is, Machine-o-rama!
cooked for a wedding of 120, last night. Today is the first of 13 catered events in 8 days for the SF world music festival
Getting a headache.
$22,191 per day, every day for 10 years. That's what #budget would carve from NYS. Don't block grant #Medicaid!
Awww, thanks for the RT, Viola!
Actually finished reading but still thinking about Keeper by Kathi Appelt
Going Home!
I Shall Have Wat I Decree! And It Is So
So many pretentious assholes at Starbucks. Glad I've cut back my coffee indulgence not only for financial reasons but also sanity reasons!
ass kissers are dangerous!
can help you out! check out our website. www.stardesignsa.com
+ = pure <3!!! are you around #sxswi today? we can storm the CBS studio and fill it with information awesome.
Moms love lavender! Lavender soap, bath salts, and bath bombs are ready to ship! www.thesoapguy.com
#salsa tonight at Adega in Chinatown 10PM with DJ Rod Moreno
people hate on Miranda Cosgrove? I've never seen such a thing.
this cant be good.
This is me wishing I could reach through the Internet and give a hug.
#hallyu comes to my neighborhood: was first and now , dueling froyo joints in
You want some real music follow me
The Maserati business is great. How's the writing business? Stop by whenever you'd like. You know where to find us!
No run guys an scott kick that alphas butt ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
thanks for the RT. Hope you can make it to on Friday.
Cool website my friends. Thank you for following.
Congrats to for the musicBUZ card win
very true. And why does he flip his hair when he doesn't have any hair to flip????
The mag has three versions. Stories from the A version are often online. Thanks for sharing the link. :)
I wish it was Summer to be bringing my body fat down this low! I've never been so cold!
I hate you all
Felt that coming....
humans. for Stiegler dogs are human, for Derrida and Gadamer, cats are human, so Neanderthals get a pass....
I havent but will look for some. Im on a mission to discover new whites this summer!
Ticket sales aren't great. We're looking for the good people of Baltimore to get the buzz going.
Got my Thin Mints. Life is good.
email blast just went out to all registered for DC! Let me know if you didn't receive it. We're ramping things up. 5 days..
««««« in deep thought
This is reason that we still, and will always, need a local daily newspaper. Congratulations, again.
The 2013 All Star Game is at Citi Field, on my birthday. Might have to do something with that.
Why not bring her some fresh food tomorrow morning?
oddly enough, she's worth it.
may have a new career as a sports commentator.
Ouch... also wretched strings in that video. Sorry.
Hope You No This , Taking Pictures On Your Sink Isn't Attractive Hoe!
CLUB EMPIRE IS FILLIN UP GET HERE
merry christmas eve ;)
Finished reading The Life of #PeteTownshend by Mark Wilkerson. Excellent& thorough. Pete's autobio Who Am I will be released in October.
You can stream some of the performances online live. DM me your email if you want to join our mailing list to keep up :)
Just a little bit Irish, but a big Happy St. Patty's Day to all! Wish you the luck 'O the Irish in the coming year!
juwan howard has checked into the game. im one of 20 fans left in the building with 6 mins left. omg eddy curry gotta go
We all really really do hope you come back to the United Kingdom to do your concerts again!
Great, now I have to stress over seeing my mom. o.o
though, that really only strengthens the argument in favor of your proposed LH tag...
Parrot jungle
woah, me and made the fuck!?
Hopefully suggs won't miss the entire season
Need serious improvement. Enthusiastic parents enter kids in pre-K, but get nervous about MS by 2nd, 3rd grade.
dont be so negative
There's a reason why people stay in your past .
getting my tickets to see in Austin on friday :))) Can't wait! July can't come fast enough!!
Is it too early to go to bed?
#old? As Yoda once said, "when 900 years you reach, look as good you will not!" Thanks for the wishes and love you too!
My bad, we really were the only ones in MKE playing it. Just checked Hog's played it 4x ever. Good call, though. RT
Speaker of assembly sheldon silver would need repub votes to pass the lines. Votes in both houses exected today
There is nothing convenient about convenience charges...
yes my cousin sings they did that song for UNICEF and featured Pau. She loves him.very down to earth person ever!--->
haha good ;) that's amazing bieber's cool. I like the song "Baby"
I would turn around for a tuna melt.
Miss America 2012 I hope sc win or nc it don't really matter.
thanks for coming to KC! What a fun night out.
yes! she looks amazing:)
#wiunion The Silent Threat is coming to its goal. We may not need to #recallwalker #Wisconsin Justice will prevail not money.
If u see her eating fried chicken wrapped in foil in the grocery store ..
he can go to Creighton if he wants
Found a great Freddie Hubbard album "Night of the Cookers" Double disc 4 tracks. It's a recording of a jam session from 1965
the closest I've seen is ethnography of sport. like the famous cockfighting piece.
Lmao RT : Yeah, cause that old ass "Buy You A Drink" is annoying lol RT : Time for a new ringtone.
and congrats to the top three Bateman competition finalist
Out late dancing w/ and and now up (relatively) early for a day of funs w/ 2 appearances by !
So much diesel call my trap spot the gas station, hustle hard spend all day doing math equations
A white suburban male just asked me "Why the heck would you want to go to King?"...you sir cant begin to imagine.
I'll try it
Aww, kinda sad..
everything suddenly feels like a
Then maybe I should just kickstarter tour America making awesome vids for people, meeting geniuses
SUMMER SUMMER SUMMER!!!!! Summer vacation is only about 84 days away!!!!
Might have to catch up on #Punkd after rehearsal I hear #liamhensworth is
WTH was Thomas doing?
a Chameleon beer? ha
Everyone is saying the same thing, and I'm started believing it, but I don't want to lose you.
So how does it feel to be free???(:
Stop by www.Shastic.com & claim ur #performer's #portfolio, watch ur #SFBayArea Fans spin it like a beach ball in #Facebook & get more gigs!
Life is filled with beauty. See it. Notice the bumble bee, the small baby, plus the smiling faces.
nice shirt
If Dunkin' Donuts stopped serving coffee the world would eventually become less philistine.
In Toronto? Where at? Tickets still for sale?
Send us the exact address and we'll report to the Streets SWEEP Unit. Thanks!
I guess it's the American way haha
I'd be more excited for summer if there wasn't any summer AP work.
i hate stupid bitches!
1cent fishbowl size drinks on the patio of Firehouse on Thursdays for girls! DJ convince on the decks inside!
Thanks for following! Greatly appreciate it! :)
"And I guess that was your accomplice in the wood chipper." - Marge Gunderson, Fargo (1996)
RT : #halloffame2012 - I'm now a new prog rock listener to , loving all of it
RT : A7 [2/4] We have learned that CSR needs to be integrated in a strategic manner within and across your business
If u r over 21 u ain't missn,u don't wanna b fuckn bothered no mo..family get a clue.
cuz there stupid beauty keep yo head up they will feel dumb later
I dont understand how you can guarantee that 200 other people will follow a person.
wouldn't hurt to check, but you'd better have a plan B too :p
rooftop Bahn Mi with Ian Everall in the BK... everything is as it should be... xx, joseph
Walter Johnson's Soul By Soul is definitely one of my intellectual inspirations. Careful anthropology from a 150 year remove! Amazing.
People in my BIM class think that having 10 followers is worth bragging about. Pfffft.
yea and I told him to get the pro with cd player
My mansion sittin in 40 acres who da neighbors
look who I found lol
A true Wizard! Good luck in Montreal.
45 minutes before the BREADA board meeting... prep my gear for the shoot or play a little EVE Online?
Visit www.ActingInLA.org for answers to all your #frequentlyaskedquestions about all things #acting in
(parts of IN & all of HI, I believe as well) But ah yes, Arizona--That would be a nice escape from Houston this summer ;)
": TONIGHT ONLY! Bring your Carter jersey to team store by end of 1st period, we’ll change nameplate to J.Johnson for FREE!"
There is no such thing as a safe job...let the entrepreneur within breathe a bit...
Snow there is snow in Sun City! it's so cold my dogs had to stay inside today. And the Notre Dame vs. Miami game is soo cold :)
X boss r u in a new position?
meetings are never the same without you ;)
Follow and I will keep you up to date on the latest news. Also, check out: www.findunifi.com
#NP Ti live in the sky
good morning bout to scoop
I would really enjoy some coffee right about now.
Motivation will almost always beat mere talent. -Norman R. Augustine
The TodPod runs on cuteness. The cuter your toddler, the longer it runs. For parents of uglies, standard lithium battery sold separately.
New show title: 'yet-to-be-named-or-written-show-so-stop-bothering-me-mom.' But seriously, leaning towards The Storm Beneath (my?) Her Skin
I will be there in 15 minutes
Jimmy Johns just delivered my sub in 6 minutes.
awww :( i was gonna say itll probably work tomorow....
how's it going?
Ha I should have just stayed over there #schoolsucks RT : Unplanned Allnighter #2.....success?
Don't forget to check-in on to unlock the ’s drink specials!
Ready to go home. #Pissed off
s/o to / for helpin make an awesome album...can't wait to share it, spread the word!!
Lol beginning of May. I'll ball you up whenever then.
Good Fr*ggn luck !
Don't know what's wrong with your Mac? Schedule a Free diagnosis and get a detailed analysis and firm repair price quote.
- Annual mtg-Friends of Lake View Hill Park on Feb 18, 10-12 at Dane Co. Human Services, 1202 Northport Dr.
its insane how exhausted i am =/
i know high school suckkkkkkkkkssssssss
Where can I get the #Kinvara3 in DC areas tomorrow? Dying to get my hands, er, feet on them.
Interesting but maybe #GenY is more intense about the brands they do support.
... lol yea. Every team of mine. Fantasy or real. Is cursed like a mother fucker. Pisses me off.
RT : I killed it at the wake, turns out people are really looking to laugh at those things, great place to try new material!
has started a new webtool to share/manage sketches for the concepts & hopes to release it in the next week or so.
hay i dont think we r coming down for the graduation i dont think yet?
#HAPPPYYBIRTHDAY KENDALL!!!!!!!!! #HAPPPYBIRTHDAAYY !! Here in Vegas we love you with all our heart!! #FollowBack ???
Hey - we're in the same room! Online/meatspace crossover!
nothing, y u say that?!? Lol
Loud day in MKE. Air show @ the lake front & Rockerbox on Center st. Wish I could spend a few hrs @ Rockerbox such is life as a performer
i know that is growing up but i know he will never change, he will always be the kid from Stratford<3
The show will be here and gone be for i know it and well be on to the next one still cant wait... cha CHI-TOWN STAND UP
MT “: Thanks for making #DoveInspired the #1 hashtag in the USA! ...excited to support with $15K.” tough to ignore AXE
Hold that thought
Letting your phone ring a few times before answering so you seem busy .
campus is rainy and mostly deserted
I'm sorry that you're so unhappy that you have to go ruin someone else's happiness.
People thought uconn wasnt punished enough... well the fall out is for sure worse then the punishment
Listening to Chef Aid (South Park) CD that I worked on years ago. SO FUNNY! I recorded the Isaac Hayes vocals for Chocolate Salty Balls. Fun
I totally meant *some in that last tweet. >< Aw thank you haha. I hope you guys love it!! <3
...and the time came when the risk to remain tight in a bud was more painful than the risk it took to blossom..
Spending time with a brief online course. need more time to learn more. Got work, 1 interview and more to do.
:) so how was school
$100 off of your next 3 week detox if purchased by Dec. 16th. We only do this once a year!
Almost gave up on tix but thanks for letting us know they were still out there. See you 9/3 right in front of the stage!
RT : Erick Tseng: New countries adopting Facebook have few PCs. Most new users are now on Mobile.
thnx ken are you coming today ?
At hyvee with and getting dat pop and chips for dat LAN on friday. What up!
Up early because I don't like to waste time
Lol ! LeToya . I knw what u mean . so u can see if their talkin bout u . I get that feelin
I am MLIS student working on similar issues. Look for study with Arnone, Small and Reynolds on PCIS from Syracuse University CDL
Just returned from #LT12UK and had a great time! Zenler's booth was hopping and all the work the guys have done is paying off!!!
This is awkward.
Actually you totally are and especially if I dont see you at track tomorrow!
Okay.. I see you getting your pirouette on!
Getting compliments through the drive-thru #lovetheseguys (:
Julianne Moore AND a photo shoot? Sounds like a great day!
haha i had more of a stripes/top gun hope for myself
#quotes Succeeding is not really a life experience that does that much good. Failing is a much more sobering and enlightening experience.
i know right. Just admit your dating and call it a day
Fox's "The Five": Takes the combined IQs of 4 right-wing blowhards to = 1 liberal. (3, if 1 isn't Greg Gutfeld.)
PART 1 NABOR GUY IS PISSED LOOKED OUT SIDE AND HE WAS UPSTAIRS WITH A BAT YEA YELLING AT THEM TURN YOUR FUCKIN MUSIC DOWN - PAT FORD*
The weirdest guy alive is at the gym right now. I don't whether to laugh or be scared as he lifts these weights and sings shakira.
Saw a commercial for Glee. That show is still on?
Of those 9 Rays up and down, 1 got on (walk) and got caught stealing.
ur tweets are scaring me!
No cars go.
C.R.E.A.M Cash Rules Errthang Around Me!!!
So, who got to play with two 1-month old baby tigers yesterday? THIS GIRL!!
My thoughts exactly! If this were a mall I'd be a lot more worried.
If a girl is silent, it's dangerous. They're either: about to blow up, need a hug, falling apart, crying inside, or all of the above.
i followed you
Good morning everyone!
Howard Schultz Was One Of Jamba Juice's Early Investors, Now He's Competing Against Them via
When there's nothing to do in the office and you sit around with the interns and listen to Seattle jams. Love this.
Oatmeal and loaded hashbrowns>>>
can i get a tweet from you so my monday will be a little bit better? ive had a hard weekend <U+2665>
I'm turning this game off tired of the calls
Congrats, dude ... make us all proud. #BoilerUp. RT : Gold
Oh boy it's not even funny how hungry I am
Prada the clear winner tonight, best dressed- Kate Bosworth and LOVE Diane Kruger both in Prada and feathers(!!!)
Um sleep eludes me!!.
Better now, I guess...
BizJet International Sales & Support Inc. Resolves #FCPA Investigation & Agrees to Pay $11.8 Million Criminal Penalty
you're the best. :)
Well then they are going to have to feature me too. I can't stop watching. You show the lady eating the fabric softener, right?
Got a new student aide today, 7th grader. Said being library aide was his dream job. And he was serious! Love it!
So America can't hire workers, Yet they can hire people in Middle America for 500 a month on phone calls?
and ik I'm just messing with you too buddy
When you see me speak up that's all.
great news I love the yellows! Does it matter how you cook it for the nutrients?
"Holy Crap"! 2 huge power slams, punches and 56 seconds later it's done. Charles Bennett wins - huge backflip off the top bar.
To all the bostonians at #sxsw you are missing the great weather here... 70 yesterday & it is now its snowing.
Excited to watch on today. #Mizzou and #Bills nation is looking at the next media mogul :)
#imagine Niall: Did u have fun last night with *your name* ? Liam: yes she screamed my name so loud. ;)
Wow! Idol is back,ah ! Loved Phillip Phillips!!!
Reason number 4,376 to hate math: Because I know that Excel could really help save me #grading time if only I could understand formulas.
PANDA EXPRESS Best Creation Ever!!!!!!!
Today I am extremely thankful for my new friends that 'follow' me (and for the 'block' button for some others who try to follow me).
::puts hand gun to your head:: PUT THE FUCKING VITA DOWN! ::turns gun to the side like a gangsta!::
Sophia Grace and Rosie Go Shopping!: via
RAIN=CUDDLE
Very much looking forward to this whole sleep thing
Retweet for a shoutout! :) (must be following me. I follow back) :D
OH regarding delegates at the SD 25 convention: "2 by body count, at least 3-4 by combined weight."
Longstreet Friday night or no ?
"It is as if the modern human soul had awakened here."
Oh your dating my ex already? I thought the 5 second rule only applied for food.
It was written by a friend, so I'll pass along your comment--she will be thrilled!
Congrats on all 6 Grammys won. Well deserved! keep bringin that fire!
Ohh Aha Now I Read It Right Lol <U+270A><U+270A><U+270A><U+270A><U+270A><U+270A>
Hamachi Jalapeno - let's take it up a notch and you won't wanna stop, ZeeZ!
No games w #payrolltaxcut & WarrenBuffetts secretary shouldnt have to pay more than 2nd richest man in US
She wight be coming home 2night...but very late.
like a boss
ready to go already cuz
It's cool. We appreciate the support!
The G20 tour
aw that's nice, have fun!
you might not even get injured socked in the butt. I was thinking worse case socked in the face
Big Shout Out To My Whole Team In Queens, Manhattan & Brooklyn!
I like how some people don't like me because of my past, well grow the fuck up everything that happened in the past doesn't define who I am.
in the Lab , Beatmaking . .
my teacher just screamed out #winning !
Thanks to plastic surgery, anyone can now look like an elderly teenager.
I was there yesterday but they let me go home early & I was at home today.
My nail still hurts!!!!!!
Just try and get up, you gotta slowly brush off. I know that words arent enough, but youre better than this
Working out
Ain't nothin wrong with a few dudes blasting The Talking Heads and dancing around a room.
Yawn, I'm tired.
thats whats up! cusco is amazing. i didn't see lima, aside from the airport - which has a good selection of books.
oh so that was all your idea!! I missed my"I heart my poodle" But I believe you owe me the ones you got me(:
I love you Michelle!
Eben singing Set Fire to the Rain was AMAZING.
There really is no good place to study in car barn
Such a great day with Bean, & :D love you guys!<3
all these dick suckers on my tl.<
I get up early and have my coffee and quiet time :-)
I would venture to say the single most polarizing issue in America today is Zooey Deschanel
“: Fifty Shades of I Shouldn't be Reading This at Work”
ALERT: My hotmail has been hacked, so please don't click on any links in strange emails you may receive from me - I didn't send them! Sorry!
remind me not to piss any of you off.....
You look pretty in that picture
Heartbroken on Easter. Gotta love it. Happy Easter everyone. </3
My #magpies play the dirty boy #blues this weekend! Time to seperate the men from the boys
At the dentist!
Awesome! RT : Oh my goodness! We've sold 4 homes in less than an hour. That's one home almost every 15 minutes!! Get excited!
Rachel's Sweet Sixteen
Russell Westbrook is too freaking cocky...I can't stand that!!! If your good at something BE HUMBLE!!! Way more mature
28k ya cutie.
If I don't make it out of work in time for the EcoBall, will I turn into an organic, local, sustainably harvested pumpkin?
Richie Farina creating moto magic with his new dim sum dish. It looks amazing!
yeah I'm back in NY for the summer.
Marriage is sacred, other folk need to just butt out.
lolol. Omg. Really? That's pretty darn amazingg!.. & creative! haha :)
There's a fine line between fishing and standing on the shore like an idiot.
Trivia Night at Caffrey's! $3 Big Ass Beers, $3 Long Islands, and $3 Bacardi Mixers!
No one lol I gotta eat dinner at home RT : Whogon brang you taco bell??????????????
Always kiss your children goodnight - even if they're already asleep.-H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
That's it. That's all the talks. We'll have the website updated this evening with all the speakers and talk descriptions
same problem with my potential burlesque names.
so is your mother's maiden name Delfin?
Seeing all these iCarly posts on Tumblr is making me so emotional!
THAT'S TERRIBLE! I'm sorry.
As a psychological trick, I'm drinking water out of soda cans...seems to work great so far..try it out!
Tell the most beautiful mom WANDA, Happy Mothers day:)<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>
Oh you daaadn't! You did it. It's all over now :P
hey michelle can you hit me up sam.sessa(at)baltsun.com
Thinkin' about playing a show in Nashville for a change...it's been some time.
loving the fun and off the wall job opportunities
when she broke the nuke in the girls closet
Our society has more gyms, diets, low fat alternatives, & all we've done since adopting that 50 yrs ago is get fatter
Pediatrician asked me for one word to describe her: Willful.
Holy cow! What a great turn out! We've had to move ahead. We're all the way to
maybe..wink wink :)
That feel when people say it's very, very ridiculous to watch 30+ shows at once. Guess they haven't been around enough hardcore anime fans.
It took me three calls to EMS to get the right address - they kept putting out the wrong address - but I knew it was Dorothy Brazile's house
Just saw your Gotye cover, legit LOVED it (more than the original). You bring a passion to that song, which is vital. Bravo!
Back from Creekside Blues/Jazz Festival - Ohio! Thank you to everyone who came out to support - thanks for the love and right back at you.
spoken like a true HAITIAN!! lol
my apt is right across the street from churches chicken, its always crowded tho
its a pleasure for us to have you have that title!
NBC crew is brutal today
Reese Witherspoon usually looks great. However that I'll firing top is doing nothing for her.
MLS pre-season in high gear and the Charleston Cup Challenge and NCAA Spring seasons are just a few weeks away!!! Nirvana for a scout!
I want lots and lots of tattoos
it's good to see another twittering schoch, sorry about the long ride home. My daughter from south DC has same problem.
so your name is guy directioner and you're wearing a 1D shirt bam 22,000 followers magic
WTF are they doing out there???
"My Republican predecessor." Okay, Barack, we know who that is. No need to pussyfoot.
Julian or Nick M
I don't think the money people in Hollywood have ever thought I was normal...-- Angelina Jolie
#FOLLOWMEALEX it would make me soo happy!!!
not until the 18th! Hoping I can catch up on sleep before then!
Enjoying Oskar Blues Deviant Dale's IPA. Wow, hats off to the brewmaster - expertly crafted!!
Hi Marc! We sent you a message about the release of "Pluto" by Twintapes! Did you receive it? We would love your feedback! Thanks!
So there three nails in my tire. :( I'm late for work now ugh
really has the BEST BBQ in Central Texas! just fantastic!
Thrilled to see...hoping it means See3 is growing. Anyone leaving? I hope not! Such a great crew.
still gotta make it happen for the family! :)
Scanner Monitor: Injury Accident Atchison and Quincy. East of Parker Road.
debating going to the Sixers game tomorrow
#TOWIE can't believe everyone watches this crap!
Paris Hilton announces she's going on a DJ tour and will be releasing an album of house music. I wonder if she knows what Wal Mart is yet.
Me too.
awe lucky! How'd you get to Skype with him?!
just walked by my truck without even noticing it... oh how times have changed
#PROUDof1D :D forever and ever
Thanks so much for your support!
T.G.I.F.!! Congrats to all the DMDC Awards finalists, and thank you to everyone for being a part of this community :-)
you know what sucks ..... When you can't email yourself
I love seeing the #staplescenter poppin! Just like old times
#FF Congratulations on your #NYSSMA #viola solo yesterday. And...it's finally over. Now you can rest a bit.
time for some joy division
New perspectives tonight ..
Five people are arrested in southern China after a teenager sold his kidney so he could buy an iPh..
I hate myself. so so much
getting ready for church... another beautiful sunday <U+2665>
its hard living the life i live, but anything worth having is worth fighting for,
It must have been in FLA right? “: Sarah Phillips is real. I just banged her by the pool last night.”
I got an old Jon boat that I stowed down there On them hot summer nights when I get a-wild hare I got a moonshine stash in a cypress stump.
Playing whiffleball at lax practice >>
Watched #TheRumDiary again last night. Better the second time around.
#LRT >>>>YOU ARE BLESSED TRENTON. <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
haha everyone thinks it's fake accnt. i just made it to have a timeline i can read hah
Don't forget—tomorrow's the #SuperBowl! Why not watch at #Fridays? You can enjoy our awesome food and drinks while you watch the game!
The final space shuttle launch is eight minutes away!
Back to school tomorrow.. How am I supposed to cover up these dots...??!
ther is a kid i knw tht luks just like drake same eye brows,same everything &wit dreads luks completley diff and more sexy
Legler is right. Pple often misunderstand that the THREAT of a play often has more impact on a game than thing itself.
For me, the most disturbing maneuver has been the dissolution of the parent advisory groups. He is an autocrat
RT : On a 1st come, 1st served basis Bronze Badges will also be available starting April 25th at Credential Offices.
Barefoot women on the track walkover forgot to bring shoes worth walking in dirt, are avoiding broken heels or ankles.
Really?!? I can get an <brand new Apple product that I won't mention by name> for FREE? Thanks for letting me know, strangers.
This may be the inventors always do, but my way a little different. I’m thinking while tweeting..
um... Check your DM
Don’t hurry, don’t worry. You’re only here for a short visit. So be sure to stop and smell the flowers. - Walter Hagen
Those people on twitter who take way too many pictures of themselves just to show how self centered they really are
Or they're not...
_.-|+- G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
The editorial actually made me feel depressed. In my mind, that means it was well written. Kudos.
Its about to go down.
what was it like working with Martin Scorsese on HUGO?
I just ordered a Large Pizza and 20 Medium Wings. If you were getting 20 wings, what sauce would you order?
Live music tonight at Six. Timbers truck is still here and have plenty of prizes!
I'd want both 22 & 28 unlike what Sherman did when he traded Hasselbach to Holmgren.
It looks like I will indeed have Trimet passes all summer. I am so excited for the freedom.
Prepare for Tower Tavern in KC to explode in t-minus 9.6 seconds if KU holds on.
I'll not go to sleep until you follow & tweet me something!:] I love you both so much!<U+2661>4
work till 5pm
Fuck #____girlproblems... I cut my finger open on a coconut the other day...
Who has been to the #ZooBrew? Considering going this fall.
Ok really NY? you WOULD blow a 7 point lead.. Beat Tampa!! GO BOSTON!!!! ah what a crazy night of baseball
the Relative Strangers and Feed the Feeble all playing live at Arts for kids CHOC benefit event! 8/21 from 2-8pm!
Bitch, i don't have to do shit for you. Don't.
hopefully!!! I'm sure we'll come back sometime in may :)
Thanks for the RT's!
RT : Someone helping you is not always your friend and someone opposing you is not always your enemy.
So thrilled to be back at as a NYer - this food has lingered in my mind for over a year! (@ L'Artusi w/ ) 4sq.com/rBMBHZ
Anyone else love parfait??!
Sunshine Megatron never RTs because doing that is super gay.
one hundred followers..that's a bit unexpected.
that is so true
Enjoy movies discounts with the California Express VIP Card, call now to join 619.226.1121
I actually did all my homework before midnight. I'm proud of myself.
hoping to see you at June 4 #barcamp to build apps for local communities codeforoakland.eventbrite.com
We're doing collaborative google presentations @ native folk tales, then will share out-anyone want in?
Equality of mind is indispensably necessary in the married state. (1850)
If you dislike Snyder as a #Redskins fan, then download the local beat of Wired World of Sports, available on iTunes
Waving Back!!!
It's too early -_-
I love sleep, because my life has the tendency to fall apart when I’m awake.
Just wondering...is it bad when u go to Cafe du Monde 2 times in one day?
Too gorgeous to work on a wknd. But in an #Entrepreneurs world, it's just 7 days to get it done.
enjoying my day at for the Future Media Fest!!
hahahha ;) it's true me ad Harry ;)
Tensions are *high* at the Capitol today, sheesh.
I appreciate it bro, I'm trying. But how long you been onn MM?
btw, checked out ur blog today and i am so jealous that u can wear 1 piece body suit, WERK BISH!!!!! u look gorgeous
I want to give a big welcome to for joining twitter!
i dont like showin my feelings but u can always tell
Today is my 15th BIRTHDAY and I love you so so so much! Will you please follow me back???! <3 :) 87
If it means we can drink during toddler-intensive times, I'm all for it. RT : Politics & Prose Bookstore Applies for Liquor License
RT Imagine how differently an injury like Rivera's would be covered if it had happened to a Mets player.
thanks for featuring our video for "Losing Streak" by on the front page of your website. Cheers, Lance
Happy 4th of July! #independence #freedom #party!!!
Glad I got dvr so I can watch the #regularshow anytime I want
haha boring but addicting...hm
On average 500 different chemicals can be found in American homes!
Does God Really Want Us To Fear Him/Her
Watching the game . . & I think of one person smh - gotta stop !
#Cowboys let's go!!
Responded to FIRE @ 4349 Route 43, East Greenbush, NY 12144. Red Cross auto update.
shit enjoying this atlanta heat how about u!
good night <33
“: Hello Farmville, NC! See y'all tonight?!” THERE"S A REAL FARMVILLE?! That's where those requests come from...
Night 2 of #RABBITS commences at 8. Late Night Magic Show with David London after!
Stay cool mutha fuckaz y'all know the rules
Whoa! First inning run-splosion!
Just kidding, AN HOUR AND A FUCKING HALF IS A LONG TIME
Do you think it was a good idea for Rex Ryan to play a Pats fan in a movie?
8% of college students in the US have a tablet
Thank you Susie! Totally appreciate it!!
Listening to & on SIR Internet Radio. So awesome to hear you guys live!
I saw you too you were busy.
If he do what I think he gunna do..... imma be pissed AF! -.-
#LotusOfSiam It's the truth.
Thx to all & for mixing the very best of Kansas City into your cocktails. :)
I work at noon Sunday but yeah I would love to have brunch with you mal
saw "Funny People" and thought cast cute. Hated sexual and curse words Lets teach kids good stuff. I think I need to do Stand up again.
I think not lol
Everyone follow>> <<< NOW!! Hes an awesome singer :D And belieber !! RT!!
- I'm jus happy
Wednesday, March 28, 9 a.m.-4 p.m., Falls Room, UC, AmeriCorps Info Session.
Lucky to be dining with C.C. Yin. The "Asian Mr. McDonald's" has a great story.
5th place! My Pro Debut. Thanks
Bang-Data! #Raza, this is not the Daily Recap. It's one of bands who'll play at César Chávez Festival. April 21. 24thSt. Starting noon
No one is talking to me (;
Let's change it up, can't wait for football #BearDown Go Bears
Blog: Social Learning and Student Engagement
lol we went in a group bro. I had already saw it tho.
It might just be fade....
she is a doll bebi
me to
thinks that somewhere a bet has just been settled, favoring the unlikely.
These chocolates contain milk solids and the most eaten chocolates in the world
Good news for rhe PULP BOY film? Stay tuned ...
whens your next show?
you need to change ur password to lose the virus
400 employees will be added to new agency..."It will be properly staffed."
Just slept about 13 hours. That was awesome.
I went on FB to message a friend I haven't talked to in a while. He deleted his page, and now I have no means of contacting him. :[
that's something you're going to have to learn for yourself. Ask friends how to upload to the group.
Do you listen to #music at work? What's on YOUR #Humpday playlist? Right now - chugging along with a little Cut Chemist. Makes life funkier.
Oh yeah. Disney knows how to do the tearjerkers.
Happy Easter!
The first person ever! RT Heard another demo last night! I have officially heard 3/5 of the upcoming EP:)
89 and falling
Hey , if you send me a note saying my tickets are ready for download, then the link shouldn't say "your tickets aren't ready yet."
sold. Sorry
I cant with this usher board today...n
Always represent for US. Thanks.
Randomly craving some McDonalds O.o
Romeo calling a good game against Brady but not against Tebow??
spreading it out! We want press throughout post!
Big shot after big shot everytime! You tell 'em Mike Breen
Everyone on twitter follow simpsonizeeerr
Happy Mother's Day 2 all Mother's & Mother's on Twitter Nation!!!!!!!!!!!
Nobody really invites me to do anything. Ever. -_-
fucking headache but spotify is addicting
haha I was a little earlier
Leftovers from Mom + Kid Swap will be donated to the Junior League of New Orleans. Thanks JLNO for your support!
are there "cookbooks" you like or do you just steam and puree basic veggies by themselves? do u use ice cube trays to freeze?
:) glad to hear that :p anything special happening this week?
yes u r!
Follow and Retweet and maybe you're the lucky one who wins the brand new iPad we allot at 2000 followers!
'Making Plans' is really good!
The Silk Tie likes Sean! Can't see the tie in your profile picture, need more? thesilktie.com
Thank you doll!!!!
Layli Maparyan named new executive director of Wellesley Centers for Women
almost time to watch "So Random"! cant wait!!!!! is guna be singing Mistletoe!! <333
So far the day is off to a great start. What more can I ask for? Well, except for a million dollars --maybe 2 million.
- Spock said "highly illogical"
Every #wedding should be summed up in these 10 words RT : Good food, good drinks, great family, good friends, great memories
A let's go #shark chant in Pittsburgh? Can anyone confirm?
Raven birthday tomorrow:)
mos def. thought you all would enjoy
Goodnight everyone(:
digital/multimedia advocate thrilled to finally receive printer for office...irony?
I wish I had won those mega millions! Oh well, let's go KU!
Excited for the #CarrieDiaries!
So true, and even has wifi these days :). It's still not the Fort tho...
I have have found my 2012 halloween costume! Dr. Wicked Witch of the Cornell West!
This Thursday The Trash Bar TenPM
I missed the tweet too I was texted about it haha. But duh! Im going, I think we're getting a hotel down the street from the mall
HubbleSite - NewsCenter - The Milky Way Contains at Least 100 Billion Planets According to S...
your site is so artful - and not just the content. Thanks for the shout out.
“: There's nothing more cringe-worthy than a guy with long fingernails - what if he plays guitar?
#Mondays don't always have to be bad! Come to Thomas St. Bistro, show that ur following us & get a fourse meal for only 12.99!
35 fucking minutes..that's nothing!!! Stop bitching!
Just listening to sad country songs and making cookies at 10 p.m.. What is life?!?
yesterday!! When I was talking to you about Farrars.
Moving national conversations about nonprofit leadership to the local. Impacting locally, sharing nationally
keep at it girls :)
It wasn't a settlement. AT&T is proposing a settlement to avoid the precedent of the small claims case they already lost.
hahahahahahaha i already did cuz i was eating to fast!!
How do you make metal not so shiny? Use sandpaper. When developing one of the GeboMana designs in Bali yes-we use sandpaper but VERY gently.
Cool Jack. Can we do 10:05am ET tomorrow? Can you DM or email me your # if thats cool? Thanks Jack...
so r u still Gona Be n ATL for ur shoot
Whether you want to give yoga a try or you already love it, come to MBG this Weds, Thurs, and/or Sun for free trial classes and orientation!
Have you paid your 2012 donation yet? If not call 512-471-4439 and pay over the phone! We don't want you to miss out on the upcoming season!
#MyBiggestProblem loosing interest in friendships.
i need a girl yo lol
Happy birthday to the most wonderful husband in the world. I love you
About to finally crack Love in the Time of Cholera. After a long couple of weeks, it's the perfect cap to a lazy Saturday.
Congrats again on the twins and thanks for celebrating with us the other day!
:) Thanks for the follow
Freaks talk: Dombrowski, positional players, lineup, trades, Inge, playoffs, pitchers & Regner on clutch hitting.
If Ann Romney was as good a mother as Hilary Rosen at public relations, she'd be Casey Anthony.
K u've waited long enough. WE'RE HEADED TO NEW ORLEANS! We're performing at The Shadowbox Theater 3/25&26! COME WITH US! SERIOUSLY! BOOK IT!
-.- thank you for that. How was The Avengers ;)
Dreams will get you nowhere, a good kick in the pants will take you a long way. - Baltasar Gracian
I will thanks 4 following me.
Funny how as soon as it's time to put the kids to bed they perk right back up and jump off the walls
Uh oh... has found someone to be mad at. (;
Come in and watch all the College Football games and enjoy the best wings Tampa!!!
Amateur Contest tonight! Ladies' Entry just $5! Show; Registration from 10pm-11pm! $500 in CASH PRIZES!
Yes, maybe the phantom speculators that the clueless administration is after stopped trading in futures.
Obvious...I rather see a live feed of the death statistics happening in PR
IF SHE REALLY WANT TO COME... SHE'LL GET READY %%
Wonderful reception last night introducing our new president, Jacqueline Chanda;we were honored that Mayor Sly James attended, among others.
thank you!
yup yup. And text me girly! I miss ya:)
Thank you Tony Perkins You just proved to me and anyone else watching CNN that you are indeed an idiot.
I don't even remember, though I was prolly' hella' bent. <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
it is almost ur bday! Grew in front of our eyes<3
RT : Love is of all passions the strongest, for it attacks simultaneously the head, the heart and the senses -lao tse
Hey thanks! right back at you :)
I wanna go get breakfast with a bad bitch. Lol first watch anyone?O_o
okay okay!
Fighting brings out more than just talking ..
sounds crazy but Austin, TX
Girl it's all about the box! :D
just wanted to let you know that you're an inspiration to us filipino-americans, best of luck to you in AI.. :)
Waking up to a nice cool weather in the MIA.
mashing it up !!! The old school reggae bashment is back. If it ain't broke...
Team sign... done. Don't underestimate Michael Jackson's chili recipe. Don't stop til you get enough.
Just arrived in Vegas
OMG is this your actual granny?! She's amazing.
Yesterday this time I was preparing for a trip to NH w The trip was cancelled due to snow. Looking forward to great weather in DC.
yes there is, YOU NIGGY “: I swear I fucking hate this town, there's not one good fucking thing about it.”
Congrats! Significant progress given the legacy stuff you’re supporting!
And the success of SKC! Very much so.
My dad wants to play 20 questions with me when I just walked in like he didn't know where I was ._. Go to sleep, please.
Is that a pager?? Its
I always thought that was a library or something... not a home! lol ;)
What i just found made my morning :) <3
Only nine districts in, but Doorley, Taylor neck and neck.
Man beaten in 'justice for Trayvon' rage A crazed mob in Alabama allegedly beat a man into a bloody pulp, and, according to eyewitnesses,
I can't believe it is time to start thinking about #edscape 2012 - cool
dang girl!!!!! Watch out people!!!
IHadtTwoBigDreamsInMy life when I was around 12 or 13.I always wanted to see Britney Spears and MJ in concert. I only saw Britney
I'm Excited For Halloween !
I feel interest.
Hey brother man! Been a minute
This meteorologist said the weekend weather will be "cool" and wasn't being sarcastic. Um...it will be 70 degrees on Saturday. Is that cool?
I'm just gonna go and die in a hole alone.
Think I found my meetinghouse for the summer! Mount Toby Friends Meeting, I choose you.
haha thanks. don't think I'm a freak or anything.. lol
If u can look up, u can still get up! Heard that on the radio
Spurs in 7.
First they ignore you, then they laugh and talk about you, then they fight you, then you WIN!
This goes out to everyone. Who is your hero and why??
Hey Shaheed. Nothing much, just taking it easy on Sunday morning! How about u?
I'd like to see the USPS have recycling bins near the PO boxes.
How u doin?
Having an egg roll in the middle of the night cuz YOLO
I'm pretty sure that was Cee-Lo Green's graduation gown from Ball So Hard University
I am beyond crush, I love you man! RT We all know everyone has a crush on Mike, too.
thx to u n ur workout vids i found a cross fit gym in my area I'm gonna go n check it out :-)
I'm in. Let's make it.
Come find us. We have treats! But you have to do a trick!
I know =( so freaking pissed. Would have been a good fight RT Why Overeem?!!! WHY!!!!!!!!!!
the music is all around us all u have 2 do is listen
Thanks for following!!!
Pokemon movie number 2 down! Movie was the shit!
Happy Easter and keep fighting
is watching the original Grey Gardens documentary...creapy
did u ever check out Shut Me Up? by msi...... the random vid
worked both of my jobs today and now relaxing for once. Been so busy getting some amazing things done.
Last night was epic everyone enjoyed theirselves,we did it up for Melisha,RIP M missyou always,thanks for everyone that came an showed love
No you're not. Haha
I'm right back where i started from
Chris Evans is so beautiful lol
Pssttt... MethLab auditions continue today. Talk to Matt McIver. Now show up.
hey byootiful, wanna quote PTV? :D
Guys, good manners & chivalry still win the ladies over! And grooming ... take abit of effort here, you will be well rewarded!
* awww -- now you're making me blush. Love working with ya!
mazel tov! overworked is better than not having enough to pay the bills!
that's a good thing my g...keep pushing!
Kind of at a stand still right now. Going to move forward soon, but I have a full plate - have to clear some things off of it.
I don't even know!!!
At it again...
not as much that we didnt want 2 play there as much as cal wants as many nonconf neutral site games as possible 2 prep 4 NCAA
Go PENS & PREDS!! It's Hockey night!!
yes! Supper Secret Service! Hidden meals!
Public sentiment is everything. With public sentiment, nothing could fail. Without it, nothing may achieve success.
Sometimes you wish you were in an abandoned farm with just a chainsaw and .........
what happened that you thought it was so awful?
its my grandmas birthday. happy birthday grandma! <3
Some people make me so mad...
Still looking for roommates!
Oh bottles of scented hand lotion. What women exchange when we don't really know each other but still want to be nice.
I want some cake a big fat cake ! #FatStatus !
may have been me. Two cannondales? We were queue jumping because of a man threatening us several cars back.
Work was a bit rough today. Opening a bottle of wine.
Margarita Time
Attention Roland Park: You can now get pints to go at Stop by on your way home from work today and get one!
"In Your Face" is up on iTunes now!! Check it out and pass it along to a friend!! bit.ly/kvTCSz RT, please!
Did you manage to snag one of the FREE bottles of nail polish at one of our locations? If so, what color did you get?
Thanks for the #FF love !
Of fucking course
move mountains
I agree. :) Still, twitter is an unhelpful enabler for people like me who don't always see when to let a thing drop.
I just found out that its George Carlin's birthday today & he would have been 75..Richard Pryor is the greatest ever but George was1A
Hahaha I loved the look on my dads face when I told him mom and I went to Family Leisure today
Hope you get in and out of there safely!
Fire bombs thrown at protesters and the Egyptian museum as well, says AJE
Man, you've been busy! I want to know more about the distribution of food sources.
Best part of my day my 4 year old saying "I love you mom!"
When you live in Seattle, occasionally you get caught in the rain. Today was that day. Areas of my clothes are wet, that should never be wet
The guy who I just instant messaged from across the room just replied 'LOL' while he sat there silently. LIAR!!!
« Christmas toy giveaway, Feeding over 300 for Thanksgiving, and donations to local youth programs! #give yourself away...»
RT : Listening to drop some knowledge on the realities of cloud
Damn right
If you don't want to go by your real name, don't open a Google+ account right now.
tea shipment has arrived from ! Brewing a pot of Adawatte Estate Ceylon OP. First step in my tea education--black teas.
On a rainy day, remember to wear a raincoat. When we adjust to a situation and "dress" accordingly we are more likely to be happy.
I have Rebecca Black's "Friday..Friday.." stuck in my head so I am turnin' up some Age of Adz to drown it out.
The first story-workbook™ offered by our firm is PERILS OF A HIGH-TECH PAULINE – BMW's and Stock Options vs Your Inner Light
I also like rain !!!
he is on his game tonight, I think he has five strikeouts and his velocity on the fastball has hit 96. His curve is on too
Loving and their work ethic! #nodaysoff workout tonight was of a true champion
Dignity Health () has signed an asset purchase agreement w/ for the sale of St. Mary's Regional.
....Be the water, not the rock. The rock becomes eroded, while the river is ever changing....
In US military policy leaders say 2 "listen 2 commanders on ground" but when top #Israeli General says Iran not yet a threat America scoffs?
K, I'M IN SHORTS & WANT A BEER, ANY SUGGESTIONS????
getting a shoutout from #DPLA John Palfrey - talking about scanebago.
Speaking in 3rd person is the new Speaking in Tongues.
oh wait!!! No takebacks?
I really truly believe it
I'm so there. RT" Getting ready for tonight's LA gig at Room5! Come by! Full set - 7:45pm. W/Ian walker & "
Welp there you have it. That's the game.
at normal universities, lots of students wear the school sweatshirt...but at hunter only the continuing education students do
Got a novel in your head? Jus' Write It.
baha it's cuz it's mother's day.
SOMONE STOP ME IN DOIN DAMAGE IN THE BOOTH THE MIXTAPE IS GOIN TO BE CRAZY AF WIZ N TEZ THE GREEN PILL LOOK FOR IT NIGGA !!!!!!
White Crosses was awesome. Check yo' self.
Your gonna have bad karma homegirlllll
I am so inpatient.
In time. Probably about one week's time. Be sure to check us out at www.hubigs.com or hit us up on the telly @ 1-800-232-0269
Lunch is served All you can eat tacos at 5pm for $4.50.
hey does arrowhead have some surprises for us Monday??
one of the things we pride ourselves in is knowing the history of our ancestors & upholding that tradition.
RT : Keep getting DMs that someone is saying bad things about us. It's the internet 2012. This isn't news for any band.
Interesting development for, The Artist Trilogy yesterday... not to see how it plays out.
RT : Wish I could be reading this book on ;(
wtg justin!! I was somewhere behind you...you are a fastie!
A bacon mug filled with cheddar cheese...hmm...
I'm on your facebook friend list
il call you mr beech
Love my girl!
"Books? What books? Must have forgotten to pick them up @ the talk!" ;-)
Feck Follow Friday! Follow
follow back plez :)
So hungry! Where's the chicken at?!
that's not offering. Lol
Kind of obsessed with my new Twitter background. Go me!
I think today I unfollow anyone who uses Favstar. Sorry. This ain't a contest.
“: do it do it do it! and congrats!” haha. I WILL!! and thanks girl!! :)
Use the "Automation" tool in Photoshop. Under the File menu I think.
Been waiting to play with you guys. 90s Trivial also works as a fall activity (and you'll have more time!)
Um, 2 months into my billing cycle, & I've already used two thirds of my cell minutes. Time to upgrade? & I may as well change carriers too.
Oh well
An cold, poorly thought and uninspired page. Funny how websites imitate life sometimes, isn't it?
LOL. So that's how they maintain top speed up Seattle hills :)
just found out that the next Hannah Montana will be played by Justin Bieber
Bout to hit my 7,777th tweet tonight
Morning meditation
Great Screening of PHOTO FINISH @ Chico's Jazz Bar in Asbury Park, NJ for Garden State Film Festival.Got great feedback on my comedic chops!
Best wishes to all my friends and colleagues at #litaforum - have fun!
"The only breath that you can actually pay attention to is the one you're now engaged with." - Saki Santorelli (a cool breathing dude)
excited to be following ! My hometown hero! :) (if a grocery store can be heroic, that is)
Hulu Plus ennui...
we're officially in oklahoma now!! about 26 minutes from our hotel.
Messing with metatags
The guitar doodle today is awesome!!
did my nails pink and thought about you lol
lol what the world? who done that?
All those fairy tales are full of shit. one more fucking love song i'll be sick.
done teaching for the week, now back to writing....
Living it up with vitamin water haha
Fuse Science Announces Continued Advancement Of Commercialization Strategy
tweeted yuhh :D
haha their strategy must be working!
Just sitting on my couch and I think prince fielders home run ball just went by my window!!
- the greatest of chefs think alike!
Genghis Cohen. Tonight. 7:30 P.M. I'm headlining. , feature, and hosts. Please support $8 No drink min
I used to be able topick out my own clothes
To make a million, start with $900,000, Morton Shulman A billion here, a billion there, and pretty soon you are talking big money
Another win the O's would not have had last year.
Hey hey hello!!!
Thanks for following me back. You are awfully good to be so young. <3<3<3
You are very welcome :)
I fucking hate when people snitch on me
Does softball count? If not, I also make a mean egg-free "single serving" cookie dough!
I'm calling it now: Mat Gamel HR on opening day. Book it!
maris+ryan win for hotness, but they could never beat seth+sum for cute/nerdness. OC4Lyfe!!!
happy (late) new year! hmm im hoping 2010 will be a good one..its been good so far! :)
We are in solo singer artists heaven
lol! Omg, I can't watch that show , even with me on it, it sucked!! Lol
Fan appreciation night is always a great time to see the fans get surprised with great prizes..bummed im I'm Dayton and can't attend
Half of my diet is bar fruit..
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes.~Cicero~
I ordered your dress and Thank you
I just saw a picture of Adele and it was NOTHING what I thought she looked like. Weird how you can create an image of someone.
- do you like unicorns ?! I like unicorns :3
no it's awesome!!! So not only do I get mistaken for being Arab all the time, but my twitter handle actually spells it!
anyone web designers looking for a job in our brand new, beautiful, downtown Baltimore (Fell's Point/Canton) office? HIRING!
:: Will Mike Jacobs make it back from Madison in time to anchor Live on ? Or will I be on the anchor desk? Tune in to see!
So outta of it life sucks man
S/o 2 errbody dat wake up and smoke...
Happy National Margarita Day!
ya to me it don't smell like no hard boiled ....lol
'age |attends gay ass school | stays partyin | follow cuz swag |' YOU CAN GO SHAVE YOUR BACK NOW
But I Love the ablative absolute!! A world without it is like a cat without a purr... - DvL
Oh my, you've got to be kidding me....
A bird that you set free may be caught again, but a word that escapes your lips will not return.
You know the saying about being part of the problem or part of the solution. Yeah. This is part of the problem(s)
Beyond excited for how this story on affordable housing is shaping up...
do you like our icon? (;
Hot shooting start tonight for both and , 21-32 combined.
follow back? Ive been following for evahh
thank you! Take care..
Joseph may be the one to hold me and catch my tears. But Lea's the one that can read my mind, and feel my pain and agony:) OneAndOnly<3
#PromoWednesday is upon us! Send me your stuff and I'll pimp it, RT it, put it in the Podcast, post it to Facebook, whatever!
Thanks. Can you follow me so i can send the DM?
Just so we're all clear here, David West is Beast.
Why would you try on shoes or even ask for help while your in mid conversation. I'm not a mime I don't read signals.
Come to Stone Mad!
The debate taping finished up about an hour ago. It's a hot one! Watch it at 7pm on KING 5 #seattle ^jh
No. Its just... 9 year old looking...
The Vow was incredibly amazing. *sigh* I am such a girl. :')
I'll send you some! YAY!
You can come work for me and I'll go home and unpack and clean.
Biplane design hopes to resurrect flight of the Concorde
A true friend stabs you in the front.- Oscar Wilde RT
Mom at the hospital hope see okay my head startin to hurt
Thx 4 the heads up on your hacking.I got your DM, didn't open it, but i don't know how to get rid of it . Do you? “
While anyone is at it, how about shopping cart/inventory recommendations for #joomla and #wordpress?
Couples that eat each others face in a hallway
re: Voguing ... that takes me back! That video was my favorite at the time. Have fun!
My daughters have booked July 14 at midnight for HP7 Part 2. I just got turned on to the London Premiere red carpet event.
Homework. Outside. Eat. Shower. Sleep. :D whatta wonderful sched!!
ask for my wine at Phillipe Chow! Castronovo!!!!!
yes! It will be on the must do list for this summer!!
no doubt!
My Lip Gloss is poppin, is poppin, is popppin.
I'll see what I can do!
Did you know - wow is spelled backwards in Australia!
Hello New York! You have a lot of traffic for 10pm on a Thursday.
has no clue how much we did to meet him today + i was on crutches and the fact i was dispointed and it wasnt me fault hurts
At the hospital seeing my dad zoned out uggh
how u doing luv?? Thanks for the follow.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Congrats 2 Rebecca S! She kicked off Team CIS fundraising on www.yourcause.com We are off&running towards our $25K fundraising goal!
Tailoring communications for each social media channel is key. -
college football scores
Holy Cow Are you serious? Hughes? Pull him
Fact- Over 12,000 Members, Jewish dating for free-no costs ever, #1 Free Jewish Dating Website Action- Join Today # www.supertova.com
Just learned that had a friend named Tootsie. I had a dog with that name. I had a friend Mitzie. She had a dog named Mitzie.
Organized/Disorganized profile emerged out of interviews with serial offenders. Desperately need more research on this.
LOL all in good fun :-)
BRO WHERE ARE YOU?
Bottlers calling this a discriminatory tax. I wonder if they would support revenue that is more equitable like a sales tax. . .prob not
Diesel got me lifted I guess i'm just flexinnnnn
At the Franklin Institute for the Phila Science Festival preview with and
Well look who it is
is my new favorite person. Thanks for the interview on Show 404, Thanks, Larry.
warming up to this whole kindle business, but mostly because I don't have to wait two days to read a book I want.
As far as tanning, I'm not against it if it's happening naturally like when you're outside normally.
Just sent your customer service team an e-mail. Terrible experience ordering from your distributors. What is up over there?
have my babies!
He just don't know I'm hitting this barber shop before I make this delivery.
how did the hipster burn his tongue? He drank his coffee... Before it was cool.
thanks for the retweet!
Patients who suffer from depression and who also have heart disease are almost five times as likely to die from heart disease.
The Headless Cabbie
got all fancy to see me, I guess we homies now. Grimey. Grimey. That's where u'll find me.
Love conversing with TV producers who need a balcony over looking the Vegas strip....30mins later we're at my condo shooting reality TV :)
did you just say a difficult thing in a simple way? See...WRITERLY. They grow up so fast...just to F you.
this is true. And my fave character isn't even a Stark. But I can't help but wonder where all the Stark-smiting comes from.
What a play by Aviles!
you would make my life if you tweeted me goodnight
Happy birthday Candace!!
There's no fat people in here so it has to be healthy, right?
I do RT a lot of your tweets. ANd I still need to send you my ideas on stopping all this BS!!!
That woulda been fun! But we're just smiling, answering many questions, welcoming people, and eating free food.
We fight, We yell, We cry, We stop talking, But we still love eachother.
you're all I've got
update on #inboxzero -- i'm down to inbox80. that's pretty good! for me! lol
The Oilers, 0-4-1 in their last five games after a 3-1 loss to the Phoenix Coyotes have already been mathematically eliminated playoff
MILLER PARK I AM IN YOU
that's awesome!
WHATS UP TIP? BLESSING MY BROTHER
That awkward moment when Valentines Day is around the corner and the only person that loves you is your mom.
You hate the fact that you bought the dream And they sold you once
Man this state is built on Bs!!! How do thy expect folks to survive n thr taxn double n trible....
I wanna freak in da mornin', a freak in da evening.......... Just like me!:)
Maybe if he hadn't made Jingle All the Way, he'd have had a shot
Alright ! okay thanks girl !
You be lieing to yourself pshhh!
Why is every player pointing up at the stands after they make a play?!? Come on....act like you've been there!
i retweeted the dolphin thing just for your benefit
Hope everyone is having a great post-Thanksgiving weekend.
#Merry&Bright opening day! Enjoy family crafts 11 - 2, and a performance by the Mobile Millennium Carillon at 2pm.
I leave for St. Petersburg in the morning, time to take my butt to bed, night :)
As inheritors of an extraordinary tradition, Trojans must remember not just to fight onward, but to fight inward —Varun Soni. #uscgrad” whoa
Hoping the rest of the day goes by fast so the weekend can begin. This has been a LOOOOOONNNNNNNGGGGGGGG week.
Let me start this day with a healthy breakfast and a workout. Then poker all day including the 2500 8game WSOP at 5pm
haha that's true!! But sometimes it makes things difficult!!
dont be mean to my MAN hes mine and i will stand up for him although i do love you to
another day in the life
Be wary of raising $ from friends and relatives. You are betting more than money!
requesting to hear please
Two more days until our show with and !!! Have you gotten your presale tickets yet?
Enjoyed "Miss You (Dance Version)" by The Rolling Stones on Pandora
will not be attending #saa2012 due to work schedule. disappointed, was hoping to network/schmooze, will have to settle for following tweets
next week I'm off thurs fri and sat
Free pass no cooking tonight! Magarita time! I'm so hungry I think I over ordered!
Writing to an awesome track!
You too, Beth! Big plans? RT : Hey #usguys Have a great weekend.
Sun's out to say hello now!
Happy Fathers Day!
Follow back, Luke?! I have a friend named Stoney that looks/acts just like you (; heehee.
Logged on and getting info on PR agencies, publicists, studios, contacts, etc. Feel free to lend a hand!
I stayed with my parents and I met up with some of my friends that live down there
cant wait till u cross ova
this is amazing. Hey have you seen all the update vids yet? You might like!
over 400 turned out for the Senior Luncheon at St.Ben's! A big thank you to the Northcenter Chamber for being such a great partner.
#exercise: for better #workout results, take your normal routine & making it more challenging. As your exercise evolves, so will you.
no prob. i am, and you? it's time for a lunch. let's try to get together in the next couple of weeks.
wonderful to meet you last night!
So excited - RENT opens in two weeks. :)
whats good sir ???
Welcome Back! Best wishes for another great school year to all of our friends, families and educators in Southern Nevada.
ESPN has the best commercials.
Looking forward to charging the #abq public to hear their mayor speak tomorrow. Who cares that he is a public servant, I need a manicure!
But the dance machine was fully operational (the karaoke machine broke #fail!!!!
AND they show you a PDF of their serves and stuff!!! Wow..wish I had known that sooner...
someone blocked friends request of me for 30 freakin days........... why????????
thanks babe! Love you to! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Sore back and hips - to the rescue. Did Diamond Cutter and Red Hot Core back2back and feel much better. #BANG!
If you could have dinner at one of these TV show hangouts, which would you choose: The Regal Beagle, The Peach Pit or The Max? and why?
To all you females who don't suck dick, I hope your cause of death is CHOKING ON A DICK!!!!
Thats what Stalins "useful idiots" were for
"It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are." - e.e. cummings.
People in my damn house won't leave me alone! leave me the fuck alone, I don't want to talk to anyone!
fucks wit it doe. .
lets hang out soon! :D
I'll be parking at "Palacio de los Jugos" and walk over before getting one of those dumb decals on my car.
Hm, we're investigating. Forgive us for the glitch.
very nice.
Shes always seeing some other guy's dick then making a lame excuse....
One of the fathers of hair dressing passed on today:(
I came home and told my husband we need to move to your neighborhood. So I can eat that bread everyday.
will will be at The Student Book Store during #PSU blue and white weekend!
let's hope we say the same about ny tomorrow.
Cool@ Do you have the menu? RT : 3 Monkeys is participating in #rva restaurant week for the first time this year.
got a track for you homie
Docusearch Expands Marketing Strategies for its Reverse Phone Number Lookup with Social Media and Video
funny Ann.... even though some of us like craft beer... you can add ciagrs.
Hawaii Kai. and awesome! another Hawaii ICONiac!!!
Beautiful night to kick it on your stoop with Schlafly's Summer Lager. Just saying.
atleast i didnt drop my phone all the way down the TKE cement steps tonight.....
I'm gonna go look at my searches, and then share them with you, and we can laugh together, and then you can go shower please.
Perfect name for Apple's new carrier: "iT&T"
Yum! I love ricotta gnocchi! So much easier to make than the potato kind...and tasty, too!
all gravy! We had too much fun to notice :) congrats on pulling off such a great event!
IDK WHAT TO DO MORE I BEEN TRYING #3YEARS 4 U 2 NOTICE ME/FOLLOW ME!!!! :(
The comfort of a warm toilet seat comes with the discomfort of knowing it was just used.
Love the new Nat Geo Explorers Site! Check it out. Joshua Howard, Photojournalist, Filmmaker -- National Geographic: via
Welcome Crazy liberal. Send all your liberal friends to me.
Levis wit the LV belt nigga I'm fin to expose !!!!! #TRANSFORM Tuesday
what is your guess on the odds that he will do it?
Everybody dies but not everybody lives
me and my brother are actually already working on a web series similar to that.
This one is one of my favorites! Respect!
ps, have fun at #health2con - I was just there for some related events but am skipping the conf. will be there
Just tapped, Spire Dark & Dry Apple Cider (replaces Ace Berry Cider)
Baby you're the right kind of wrong
do you still have a problem with your laptop not charging? This could be a power cord or AC jack issue. $120 fixes it...
Wow, it's still foggy in Pine City, I was hoping for some sun.
Isn't it though? #HackProm would be better.
on the way to this queer track meet with and 2nd mom.
#wewontwork if you dont play a sport or do anything productive w/your life
Last one "Our Mutual Fiend"
Congrats to first demonstration sites: Cedar Falls, Mason City, Spencer + Waterloo! Entire state of Iowa is next!
F•L•O•R•I•D•A bound <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009B><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4> we're so ready for this vacation!
with her pregnant corn in a cup ass! Herp Derp ass with MY HUSBAND! REFF<U+2764>
Thanks for the support everyone! ! We love you all & all the local love! Keep it up! Thanks for an awesome weekend & Happy Easter!
surree let me just figure out a song to sing in about two hours
This nigga is obviously Christopher Wallace. Rt if you think so.
Wonderful to see you team at the
I'm calling you out, not trying to convince you. Sad to see you use your influence to promote harmful + misogynistic views.
Y she b havn a temper!?
-We will have some ready & sent by Tuesday!
It's become cliche to humorously point out cliche.
I don't even wanna look at girl names because i have a feeling i will have a boy !
lovin' the Alabama bumps this morning, great show as always
94% go online to do research for school assignments; 48% do so on a typical day.
I cant wait to get the final video!!!
Attending session on managing mobile at
I like the timing of this Hossa call. Don't let Torres appeal his suspension without giving Hossa a word in the situation.
I don't believe in hell either, but I know teabaggers like you and Breitbart do.
I Been workin out bootz...bitch this body has to be n shape by next year..
“: I want to do bad things to Zac Efron!! He's of age, right?!?” Hey now ;)
thanks for the mention Ray, but the twitter handle is . Have a great Sunday!
“: Hey babe ( ) are we still going to get married?! Yes? Okay, good! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>” He told me he said no..
A little humid....RT : Either it's really hot in Jacksonville or Romney is schvitzing because of this PAC chat.
May your prayer of listening deepen enough to hear in the depths the laughter of god. ~ John O'Donohue via RT
I'm downright giddy. T minus 26 hours til showtime! I'll have to ignore your thoughts until tomorrow evening.
Hi lover! You still at Lea? I have to stop by one of these days. xx
Yep I try I was also a Dancer/Gymnist/and Cheerleader
watching CNN. Looks crazy there. Keep us updated and stay safe. Xo
U have 2 watch it! it was def wackadoodle night! that snide stubborn wine guy was back again.
Bananas? I don't need no stinking bananas!
Scratch that. Sometimes the most difficult thing is reading directions
take a snapshot of the #Supermoon and send it our way for the #Lookup photo challenge. We RT the best. :)
I got hopes up because in the Wolves game he did things other than long jumpers. But Blazers front line is bad matchup.
Congrats Kelly! #womenofGoogle+
I'm cancelling all my films at the , going forward.
I'm lost ha! What are we talking about? My bad
I suppose I've been enjoying the Spring like weather a bit too much.... so Winter felt the need to pop by again.
cars with christian bumper stickers tend to: speed, cut you off, and swerve.
Love you and proud of you man! Can't wait to get back home and see you!!! Good luck!
I'm on the couch, tryin' to function
I listen sometimes. Gonna watch the lakers whop the celtics behind!
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: it would be nice to see the draft Andrew luck
": Be strong & courageous. Do not be terrified or discouraged, for the LORD your God will be with you wherever you go. -Josh 1:9"
I feel like Hollywood's whirlwind of shit is what my actual brain is like everyday.
Shut up <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Do you use DART?
yea I took the state board and got a 73% nigga I was so hot...im retaken it.tuesday
It takes approximately 1,000 years for a 259MB file to open.
"That's because those scholars aren't pressured to write like scholars." An anon agreeing w/ me that best Game Studies comes in blogs
thanks for the RT. How are finals?
When you finally find someone good, don't go looking for someone better.
The packers should pick up Timmy. Oh wait we have Aaron Rodgers.
Be sure to visit Booth #801 at ASHA. Awesome communication devices and educational tools!
They are. Different material.
Agreed": POST THE LINK WE NEED IT NOW #YOURGIRLDOESPARTY"
I think too much in the morning.
A guy on a plane told me when I reclined my seat, it crushed his knees. I told him that nothing gave me more pleasure than knowing that.
Slythergryff with a little bit of Hunger Games mixed in.
Happy Valentine's Day to all the lovely ladies
It'll get there soon. Let's hope, at least!
Haha, me neither!!
««how have you been?
Beauty is in your family ;)
bought more books from 4 magazine subscriptions and counting. too much reading material? nevarrr
Bummed to learn NBC's "SMASH" is NOT about the She-Hulk on Broadway.
Thank you for the comments. Yes, all of this is huge & should be known by all. The world needs to know about all of this ASAP.
And a middle-infielder has to bat second.
GO NUGGETS!!!!
I JUST REMEMBERED ITS MONDAY & ITS & 's YOU NOW & THAT MY MY DAY SOO MUCH BETTER <3
Twitter fans please like us on FaceBook Thank you and Happy Thanksgiving
The Game is here I'm ready for watever GOD has in store for me !!!!!!!¡
St patties day in Boston?? Nah it's Flyers day in Boston!
Home on a Friday night working on website orders, that's a good thing! But a nice cold beer sounds so good right now too!
S/O To My New Follower!(:
#kindofabigdeal that we have so many HD TV's we even have them in the bathrooms! Never miss a second of your favorite game
WHAT RNG AND MWC IN THE BOTTOM???
aw :))) your so sweet!! But you already have me babe
Almost out
Lunchtime. Back to your session rooms at 1 pm.
hey thanks for watching!
emotionally tired
Hi Kay!
Whew! Thank God helped us move out of that apartment... Huge help and thanks!
RT : About to start reading SILVER SPARROW by Tayari Jones. (May not be in bookstores yet.Check. She's a fine young writer.)
When the aid workers leave, that will be the end of
And the day has finally come ... so ready to enjoy the screening of #TheAvengers tonight :D
It's my birthday! Going out after work to KO's! Meet us there if you want! And send me T&A if not cuz who doesn't like boobs for their bday?
. Perhaps I should have said 89% complete.
It actually made me respect cena more to see that.
My bed is going to have. Long date ;)
Don't be made at mike brown the lakers lost n the second wit Phil last year
sorry to leave you hanging. Sometimes I'm just tweeting and not checking... :-)
I'm Team Fuck Skyrim, Play Sonic. Problem?
“: 4th caution after spins out. #NASCAR”-Busch radio- "Help me sweet baby Jesus!"
Check out the fresh GWB writeup served on NY music blog
if you didn't care you wouldn't have commented on anything Charles
I finished my last science lab of the year
Did you know that The 2012 Driecrtors Ball Film Festival is working to bring new business to Detroit. We could use your help!
Team prayer, boarded, waiting to take off
To go to the Lakers game or to not go to the Lakers game?...
Or if you wanna start now, us or send us a Facebook message to learn more. It's easy!
Cleaning champagne off my laptop. Another epic night.
Thing morning is perfect.
excellent race and year, 5 races, 5 different winners and teams, exciting year
Encouragement for the day: Your passion for what you love & the drive behind it has to be strong enough to overcome your doubt
If reinforcing action, you have to convey a win and pat your audience on the back.
good morning (:
I'm really digging the cooking theme for this year! What went into that decision? Are some of you handy around the kitchen?
"Charles retreated into his office; and he wept, his elbows on the table, sitting in his office chair, under the phrenological head."
Besides the big 3 (rg3, luck, t.rich) which nfl rookie premiere guy are you most excited for?
yeah, there is 4g.. There is also bogieG it's huge!
#NP FUTURE- Same d*mn time
To this day I still can't pop a bubble with bubble gum wtf I'm so ashamed lol
Have questions about #EFL, #TESOL, #TEFL? That's what we're here for! Just use #bridgeteflchat to send them in.
My novel is
What's the podcast about?
Come on ladies! All new class fitness and dance studio Jersey City! RSVP for Open House this Saturday Sept 17th! Superimpactfitness.com
The normal static electricty shock that zaps your finger when you touch a doorknob is usually between 10,000 and 30,000 volts!
at school they said u sound like a nigger lmao
RT : Great seats at the Charger game courtesy of ... Feet damn near on the grass!
": : great mtng today! #newark #ItsHappeningNow" big things to come!
lmao hell nah u fool boi, actually it'll make worst depend on if u hitting it rite
a fun one, still, i'm sure!
Backstage Stage in Atlanta watching Musiq Soulchild soundcheck! Very cool!
FOLLOW ME PLEASE! 15
’Today’s Abbot Kinney Specials: Soups today are Ginger Carrot soup and Cauliflower. Sugar free lemonade is Blueberry Mint
Lunch time Milwaukee! What will you be enjoying on our patio today?
Reminder that signed programming agreements (with arcs) are due by 5 pm this Friday, March 25th!
WOW Colts to release Peyton Manning
I think I wanna get on her computer
Ran 6 miles today. Boom holla.
IMMA TAKE CONTROL OF THIS RELATIONSHIP, COMMAND IT
Did you know Shorty's has lunch specials starting at $4.99? Try a 1/4 Chicken with french fries, coleslaw, and garlic bread!
It's true, nation passed judgment on LMJ after LSU loss: East Coast voters won't shake visions of him being hesitant
kind of obsessed with kale in my juicer right now. ...
Try and fail is the manner of losers; try and learn is the way of the strong.
Im so happy for he looks so happy out there. Good to see the guy finally getting to enjoy some success
I'll hurt my friend if it means helping them in the end. People won't learn until they get burned by the fire.
happy birthday, kiddo xox
Changing your state (the way you sit, walk, talk) will transform the way you feel. Determine how you want to feel and act accordingly!
that young mac page! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
What are you going to do? Invade the place lol?
RT It's my 1 yr anniversary from graduating from the place i will always call home!!
., only uses twitter to talk, never to answer questions.
Watching these partisan bumbling idiots in Washington just wears me down.
If Rebecca Black's "Friday" and 's "Friday Night" went up against each other in hand-to-hand combat, who would win?
no prob fam... Just get it to me when you can
you should clean out your comics and video games cause those are just in your way
The videos and covers for the "What Makes You Beautiful" cover/music video contest have been amazing so far. Keep rocking out.
That is a hollow, backpedaling response. We are watching what you do, not believing what you say.
Opening day Baseball!!! Let's go Giants!!
How they going to try and take kickoffs out of football?! Wth
cooper has a Twitter.
It's 85 degrees in So Cal. Heading to the studio to drop the vocals for "Mr DooRight" then off to the beach. Who's hitting the beach today?
lol lr maybe I'll let them shrink so there extra tight on you(:
Bonnie Rait ROCKS. Such a JOY to hear her right now, a total joy!
I love it .
thanks for the follow. May God bless you out of your mind.
#IfYouKnowMeWell you know how driven and passionate I am
the real tonypluh is way better at it all!!
Hey Trey anything new>
Wow! Great video! Looking forward to hear what's coming next! All the best~
Thanks Brother!
Oh gosh, that's so PRETTY!! I love this, thanks for sharing your ideas :)
Hilary, yes, let's chat more about the style show, can you chat later this week?
“: Those New York-Presbyterian commercials get me every time.” Me too-- amazing and emotional.
No time like the present!
ty to all my new followers... look forward to chatting with you soon.
#NP Right & Wrong - Mario .... This song is the ish!
if ya'll missed out on chocolate chip banana bread today in the crc, you really missed out. am i right ?
I didnt change, I grew up. You should try it sometime... <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
half-disconnected
#WhatMakesMeSmile when and talk on twitter(:
where do you expect Gausman to be drafted?
Screen printing with real coffee??? Talk about environmentally friendly inks. Ideas!!!
I need to invest in a lie detector test
unfollow this page and follow
DM me your number and I'll text you. I've been at Evolve too. Madigan is second to none coaching stand up. Dude is amazing!
Mother wanted a minister, but he popularized the term hooker for whore. GENERAL HOOKER'S GALby CathyLLogan $2.99 Amazon/Kindle
don't they pretty heavily imply it's a nuke?
Congratulations to those who were successful at testing on Saturday. We will let you know when your BPAD is graded.
yeah she's def good at it :) lol awe I bet he was. He looks like the cuddling type. Im sure Mowgli will be to as he becomes more
Love the shout out to from #annromney!
Wut up doe!--> Hello. how are you today #GhettoTranslations"
H2O based stains have a ring/outline on the outside. 2 treat it wash the garment & let it air dry. Don’t machine dry unless it was removed.
I just got game from my softball game!! We won 17-7!!!! HAD THE BEAT GRANDSLAM EVER!!!!!
I could care less about all you sluts at Brandeis.
Yo life crazy right now but ya know I'm still frinding, mixtapes coming soon The Reign Is Over!
Despite popular belief is a atrocious basketball player
Korean Airlines Jetliner Lands After Bomb Threat - ABC News
TAKIS . SO GOOD , BUT SO HOT .
I'm awake, I'm awake... Top5 night... But, now I feel like an extra from
Robin sez reasons u need an e-reader. No.1.: makes you a better readers' advisor. Read while in line, exercising & lunch
I know. No time for twitter while feeding a baby. Ugh. Will tweet from work again.
Q&A - what was the last song you uploaded and the most played on your ipod?(:
Lol! I felt they tried too hard to make her appealing. Hence, I ended up with Nazi-Ashley in that play thru
remember when my dad was gonna get a mo-ped and we were gonna turn it into a Harley or a speed bike hahah
I'M THERE lol RT : ASIAN FESTIVAL next weekend come thru for some good food n some pretty asian women lol
Happy Earth Day!
Catch 22,Were built on 90's,baby on cover of nevermind is now 20 something. The upper end likes it, does the young end care?
If You Pay Attention...Scoobey Doo Is The Biggest Stoner Movie
the Hoy people must stay together I have been one for 47 years
summer vacation is over and school is tomorrow, great....
- Yukon Learning will be there...stop by and see us in Booth 300...be sure to grab a Rapid Course pig while you are there. :)
Wow that is crazy! I can't imagine how many other skinny dipping scenes we may have missed!
yes! you look so gorgeous!!!
shawty right there,
So awesome to hear! The great feedback to my class has been touching and motivating :]
his tone just drives me nuts. I don't want anyone to win this election
My pleasure. Good stuff!
bad day at work dont want to cook ask for our picosos family pack look us up on yahoo picososmexicanfood.com we deliver
what's the guys YouTube account that sounds like cartmen
The awkward moment when a sentence doesn't end the way you think it velociraptors
It's super weird, yet nice to wake up in my own bed! #IMissYouSoSoBad!
Aw, hang in there! I was jobless for 13 months once!
Debating wearing these yoga pants to work tonight
Apartments for Rent Akron | Akron Apartment Rentals apartments for rent akron,akron apartment rentals
Thank you for coming to share key insights with us!
New workout class tonight. Seemed low impact, but I'm sure I'll change my mind in the morning!
waiting for you to follow me? :)
hey why do "they" always tell you to throw away water you've soaked beans in? seems like there might be nutrition in there . . .
#NW an all new episode of #PrettyLittleLiars on -A
#CNNdebate White men hating on women. How did they ever get a woman? Romney, oh yeah - money.
Big earthquakes today in Japan and India, medium one here. Is Mother Nature showing her displeasure w/ the oil BP is gushing in the Gulf?
I hate when videos take long to load-__-
Quote of the day: "Forget love, I'd rather fall in chocolate". We LOVE this!
God isn't listening to you. Maybe YOU should actually do something about your problems.
"This just in - Powersauce .... is Amazing!!!"
i feel pretty smart for getting rid of my smart phone.
Visit here then.. It will be easier..
yess....his name is
That's really hot. ;)
the difference is that she doesn't have a to make delicious chicken tortilla soup!
Pretty sweet to see front and center on www.espn.com!
Starting #insanity in a week. Just purchased.
1-10 ratio ;D I'm a beast.
: stop what?
being logged out during the specific job questions section (after redirecting to their site) was the worst bc I wrote the answers..
We gon learn today!! Alright, alright, al rriigghhtt!!! Rippa is the deal!! Press play!!
I'll play and sing it for you when it's done! :)
had an awesome visit with Matt & Priscilla Fugar in Bellevue, NE and ate the best freakin' hamburger and pickles (according to Heather!).
Great shoot tonight. One down, two more to go...
Life Is Only What U Make It (the sky is the ________
can you follow back it will make my day if you did :)
In the studio with make sure you all tune in now!! Max 94.1
I hate #burgerking new fries
Of course! We love you guys :)
Thank you!
well your twitter post annoy me lol
A livechat ! It's so sweet to you.
Any estimate on when #Geode2020 would be available for purchase and it's targeted price?
Mission accomplished
Corey Hart ousted Jim Hart - former STL Cardinals QB
Hell yeah. Sleep when dead!
I want to cap this doctorate thesis paper w/ some brilliant cultural insight. Anyone have video of that seagull hitting Fabio in the face?
I've been up since 6:30. I don't have work til 4 :( I'm not happy about it
I saw that and my reaction was pretty much, “WTF? Why does this ad exist in 2012?”
Two flights, 0 working TVs/headset jacks. So disappointing! Can I get a voucher for next time? 4-20 flight 683 and 4-23 flight 686.
RT RT : Quote Of The Day: "Take risks. If you win, you will be happy. If you lose, you will be wise.”
you know nickname is Cat Daddy!
Dropping Justin off for his sleepover at Zac's. Already in his PJs. D'aw.
Meep Up: Thursday February 23rd. 3:00pm at Jack Wills. Hope to see you guys there! Bring anything 1D related! haha x
Apparently it's "Textgram", not "Tweetgram".
Book Launch and reception this Friday, 1/28 at 10:30AM in MICA Falvey Hall for "Making History/Making Art/ MICA". Come enjoy the discussion!
I am greater.
would you be interested in interviewing young midas?
twitter tool bar installed,has an interesting music thing. working on expressiaann today. p.s. its raining outside.
RT Can't argue with that!! ««live by that shit
ur funny :) and i know how u fill at least your cat didnt throw up on it :/ now that was gross :/
YOU WANT MORE FOLLOWERS?Tweet us your favorite picture of #justinbieber and we'll choose the best.The winner gets a huge shoutout! !
#MCBW Great time tonight with Nate n Joe from #Summit Brewery #UpNorthBar. Where to tomorrow??
“: I just got hit in the face with a beach ball at #respect #SpringTrainingorspringbreak” sign u need 2go2 bed
I had an apple for breakfast this morning...I rarely have apples for breakfast...just had a craving. #Ironic don't you think?
For what it's worth, I think our staff has pretty much universally enjoyed it :) ^BPS
Drums time in the warehouse with Godfather J, Shane,
David Ortiz needs to go.
Of course! Press confirmations being sent out soon :) We'd be thrilled to have you guys!
The Lord had his way in and thru me tonight!! The church must get along!!
Rethink posting an offensively named lab coat on your website.
Thank you for that wonderful tweet - wishing you the very best of luck!
Rome and its bipolar weather.
DVR'ing is a terrible idea I'm 0 for 5 doing it. 0 By the Way. Bryzgalov signed a one-year contract, right?
If anyone at the Germantown area would like to help me find a dog I would really appreciate it :-)
iTunes just sent: Dear JK Your pre-ordered book, The Fourth Fisherman is available. To download, go to the device used, click the link...
Is going to church tonight? :)
yeah they are so awesome! :)
your welcome (:
Boys sleepover. It's a straight guy dancer thing.
This weather is really making me miss Atlanta! <U+2614><U+2601><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A8><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6>
It was modern in 1972...
Why is our city so vaginaphobic?
Pick up line: My bed is broken... can I sleep in yours?
You have no idea how much I wish I was in attendance! #JustKidding ...
RT : Sycamore Hills G.C. selected to host 2010 Junior PGA Champ. PALM BEACH GARDENS, Fla.
Side note... "The Avengers comes out next Friday!!!!"
Ima #Cancer but F*ckn Birthday
I cannot take pictures of speakers in a dark room only illuminated by a slideshow. Epic fail, Haggerty
I hate it when you go to make #MacN'Cheese & your out of milk! What do you do?? Call in a sub! #SourCream you have just made #1stString!
A new guy showed up at Frisbee tonight. And he asked me if I would like some tips on throwing. I told him not on the first date.
Dylan - good luck - it is a great event and it is you guys who make it great - its not worth going without you all there!
Does anyone have a Facebook of Bella?? :) Email-Teodora:) administrator
Good question
Not impressed!!!! Fricken RUDE! This sucks.
Almost 1 million children were victims of child abuse & neglect in the US last yr- help them by running our 5k on sept 16! www.juvenile.org
Going to help out at the LIBRARY with REGISTRATION (by Sam's place). Will I see YOU there??
just because it's invisible doesn't mean its gone
hey Austin ;) I think you should follow me. I'm your biggest fan from Chicago
iPad typing is absolutely feasible. I'm up to around 65 words per minute on mine.
Yo twitter <<<<<< my twitter
Doesn't get much proper than that. I guess controversy is an acquired taste =P
We've officially reached trading territory for the Ravens. If they want Hightower, they'll have to jump over Pittsburgh
all I can say is Mmmhmm :) he should have more followers then he have now
Best. Tweet. Ever. “: DC chillin PG chillin, my names Wale and I came to get it #missingmrmace”
I gotta go to Mrs.Koumis's office right now.
Damn, i love being in love with you :) <3.
Thanks for RTs, Bob!
not long enough to make a call nd have a convo ... I'm bout to leave imma call u
Just cooked the most amazing chicken noodle soup with rice potatoes and carrots
I love late night twittering. Plus their more conversational.
Shrimp cocktail in the cab? What?
Listing to skillet!!
subliminal messaging...cum in me <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Senior Year, last theatre banquet:( but it was the best.
Yes. It sucks. Seeing the sadness, the fear, the worry in my childrens' eyes is the worst.
Aw, thank you Rob!
ohh haha i was confused cause they both was tweeting about love! :P
I'm actually looking forward to Miss Piggy's! I love lashes!
i don't know if NYC is ready for this!!!! haha
Really? This is the next Peyton Manning? Lol. #Luck sucks
My grilled curry tempeh kebabs did not turn out well and to top it off I burned the hell out of my finger...sigh
RT : Log Cabin Republicans is still the best boy band name ever.
Wish I had a protractor, instead I improvise with various circular objects around the house.
Waddup... U ight... RT : I really don't know what to do but have faith!
I'm enjoying this exchange.
Reasons why I like champagne: wine corks
Have a nice weekend.
is gonna be rockin it at SXSW this year... Just confirmed: A Google music show on 3/16... pop-up Nobu party on 3/14. More
I guess when u want it that bad u just bare
Homebuyer's Club next week Tuesday the 16th! You won't want to miss out on this FREE program!
And....The Angels lose again how's last place taste ?
I think we need to make love idk.
WTH EKU...I try to be a good student for once and your website is down! GREAT!
Have coffee with admissions this Friday! bit.ly/otDsr4 Discuss your plans for earning your #Northeastern Evening
lmbo that's just sad lol
Thank you for not taking me to task over "ignorami" vs "ignoramusus". LOL
Just realized that is playing in Mass tomorrow. Fingers crossed I can still get a ride!
Really looking forward to this! I loved Fun Home.
hey boo can I call u sometime
Been on a twitter fast. But being outside on a 70 degree day in February has definitely made me in a better mood! Loving life in
estoy feliz . We begin taping this week in Miami beach lets get together soon
and in the finals.....my stomach feels just like the it does the week before the Super Bowl.
PickUpLine: Hi. I'm like a tropical island: hot, wet, and waiting for tourists.
On ny way to the doctor's
Very cool... make some money, call it an adventure.
thanks for following our tweets!!
you are so amazing! Best singer ever :) can you please follow me? its my birthday on the 23rd...<U+2764> please follow!!
thank you to MORE new followers
If Hitler were still alive today hed be saudy, the way black people dominate almost every race in olympic track lol
I once tried to order in French at a McDonalds in Montreal. The chick had no idea what I was saying. So sad. I just wanted a #6!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY FOLLOWERS AND ALL THE FAMILIES OUT THERE RIGHT NOW!!!!
Lenora - I was extremely perplexed
hahah ya he will crack up cuz he's a scrub hahah jk
How did I lose an entire envelope full of photos? :( Now I don't know what to work on.
Uber-windy in Denver, CO. I always knew that the answer, my friend, is blowing in the wind. The answer is blowing in the wind.
woaaaahhh. How about by car? I don't think I be able to go if he does.
Not as much fun though......
Excited for the Miss Earth Pageant Selections tomorrow
well.. you know.
I'm leaving... Gbaiiii
we had sci soc sci humanities all working on different topics 2 broad 4 anything but general comments feedback
Okay if the new Kanye is none Auto Tune I will listen to it and if he goes back to the days of his first album when he was humble
When you can't tweet certain things because certain people follow you.
More customers in today that saw our booth at the 2012 Southwest Chocolate & Coffee Fest.
you're right, he is the best guy they can get without dealing with an ego. I love DeMarcus but he could be great or really bad
Another refreshing walk through an historical Houston neighborhood.
166 new tweets!
The lady Brian Williams just introduced looks scared out of her mind.
Hes desperate. Got so lucky with the SRod eff up
Any credit union membership card is good for 10% off any oil change or vehicle repair. We come to your for a change
@ the east Harlem international film festival!
wentao and I are watching the clip of you as a dolphin. Sorry I let it roll. Great reaction shots though!
Don't miss Kid Rock tonight! Tix , Ticketmaster outlets, charge by phone 800.745.3000 or the Hardee's Thickburger Box Office.
Now I know that its okay to be afraid as long as you show up.
A great day in central PA! Got to present all day in an elementary school with a super fun group of kids. Many future musicians here!
sounds good, appreciate the heads up.
I need a phone conversation
NBA PLAYOFFS START NOW.
and I could've used the money to go to my favorite store lol
Huge props to #fox crew for fantastic b'cast
We are playing three shows this weekend in Raleigh, durnham and virginia beach ! Anyone coming to shakas on Sunday hit us up !!!
Endless reports of crashes, rollovers and ditched cars in southeast Aurora. Avoid Ponderosa Trail Drive. Take it slower, folks.
Darcy, will you be at BTS this weekend?
Let me check into that....are you there for good or just a visit?
Or always.
im fatigued, just took this medicine!! in my sons voice...nigh night lol
your fans arent real fans, they keep sending hate towards and its not cool. she beautiful and amazing
love how I saw you on tv yesterday x)
Whatever helps you sleep at night boy
I know 2night is 1/2 price sushi rolls BUT I am starting early...Fuse Roll, Philly Roll and spicy edamame. Paa-leese!
Well, I just got yelled at, at work. Oh Joy!
You can find high quality products if you pay a little more. Who is cheap? Those cheap buyer or cheap thing maker or cheap thing seller?
worth a trip back! Also Mister Parker's restaurant is delish.
so yeah i think i'm sick lol
What do you suggest for a good MKE happy hour. 4 PM promptly.
My body just wont let me sleep!
Whats up wit your phone?
I Need A Twitter Hugg !!! :(
how bout an egg mcmuffin too? :)RT : Mcdonalds hash browns with a large coke will always be one of my favorite breakfasts :)
OMG and it took me a few seconds to realize that ,that was your leg/foot!!
Not feeling good ! :((
I was thinking the same thing. See you there! RT CSHoward8 Time to go to a beer garden in munich and have a stein
this is probably really late but favorite girl
Holy shit rain!! I'm trying to drive damn
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was over it became a butterfly
I just couldn't handle being in there. Idk, he;s being a jackass.
Ight Fasho when u tryna get up in there and make some bangers
Belly dancer show at Kaman Chicago for Hannah's bday
You're thanking me for missing your face??? Boy, you're confusing haha
Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die.
74207 voted as of 530pm low turnout call your friends and families still 1/2 hour left vote Warren Lee
OK....."listen to the band" is my new mantra. thanks AJ!
does anyone know what percentage of first published novels result in a second?
needs to bring his game to PO frealllz.
I AM FREAKING OUT.
One day, twitter, facebook, and youtube will combine to make the most time consuming website known to mankind. We'll call it "You Twit Face"
What a day...what a day...I need a drink and to take my ass to bed...
Working again
funky day...........trying to print some docs/having some challenges.Y now!!!!!
When some one that is on there phone 24/7 and u know they are purposely ignoring u
Looking for a place to donate completely totaled car...needs to be picked up tomorrow from tow yard...#suggestions?
Well I'll by back on here at like 1am gotta put a motor in <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1>
Happy Anniversary, Kristin, and best wishes to you with number three!
Lets Go Bulls!!!
M...well if you don't teach the women about their life purpose how can they be truly present to help you fulfill your mission.
hi! wow we need 2 make a celebrity phil right?
$GOOG is on sale today
I'm writing a book based on my "PowerPointless" presentation. My mind is percolating about what leads to true connections & then action.
Ken y the fuck u give those Damn party promoters my got Damn number the send me 50 text msg every fuckin day
Goodnight loser. Lmao. JUST KIDDING. Love you Arabella<3
Sitting in the Clemson Starbucks, pretty cool looking campus.
: my fans = swag
MUSES: Wonder why some people that know PHOTOSHOP and need it...don't use it on themselves?!? Ijs! Smh! LoL! *evil side eye*
omg! Why not?
Chemo is in my right hand instead of my left this week, to give it a break. I feel lopsided, having a compromised mousing hand!
I have input everything I had up to last Tues or so, if you don't see it yet i would send it again
Top of Yankee order went 1 for 16,altho the one was a 3-run home run by Jeter.Bot of the order went 7 of 13+ 2 walks. Tough loss for
Only you can take me there ;)
There is no greater evidence of superior intelligence than to be surprised at nothing
The full moon almost proved too much for the football teams today. Very ancy and inattentive boys today :-/
All is bro. Thanks. Hope the same for you?
no problem. Keep up the great work.
Will you be at the game tomorrow in Denver? Wife and I will be there.
I hear Von Dutch is making a come back :P
What was the story
2005 live album I found on spotify. Pretty great.
alright ill see what I can do!
#hellyeah I'm pumped.
sadly I didn't get video, but the mental images will last a lifetime.
so you have a business idea way back in your head? ideawf.com
I wanna stay up all night and find a girl and tell her she's the one.
Thanks for coming last night! That was awesome how you guys had just walked in and you were the first to win a prize :) ENJOY!
Though it's darker than December what's ahead is a different colour ... Cause we are gonna be forever you and me! :) xo
getting super stoked about december!
U.S. retail-level inflation rises 0.3% in March; core CPI up 0.2%, matching consensus view.
What do you want from me?
I will keep you in mind!
Happy Hour All Night!!!
you sir would look great in an Orioles uniform. Just sayin.
is working too late on a friday night.
He who does something at the end of one regiment will eclipse him who does nothing at the head of a hundred. – Abraham Lincoln
Thank you everyone for celebrating with us our 1 year anniversary. We couldn't have done it without terrific fans like you! Sonic
Good morning twit junkies!! Lol hope you all have a great day. I'm going to bed . Just got in the door. Worked all night. <U+E058>
In its annual study on the cost of cybercrimes, the Ponemon Institute found the median cost of such crimes to a business was $5.9 million.
Hanging out in #williamsburg? Come stop by the Esjay Designs table at We'll be here all day.
Oh my god. Twitter has gone crazy. Is it Y2KX1??
Eating leftover spaghetti on the couch with the dog and watching the hot boys on
Dark hosiery is in this fall! Try something different w/muted hues (wine or teal). Match shoe and hose color 4 even more put 2gether look!
please follow me...you will make my day even better
called my hubby to ask where he has his calking cause it's all over the floor and cat He says there was no calking in the house when he left
i knew u wanted to so wat did u do in guitar center
Remember Blessing Of The Bock is Saturday. Drinking prayer at 5pm then free Maibock for everyone until 6pm!
Great weekend with amazing people! I will miss everyone so much :(
Thanks to my mijitas for b-fast in bed-now if u let me watch the #LaKings tonight instead of Bubble Guppies-that will make my day!
- Good luck convincing your editor of that!
Started my new position at my work as an Electro-Mechanical Technician.
Definitely good. Anything not in JRS is a good thing!
Thank you for the encouragement. If you're ever looking for an intern, please let me know. SGL
tiger woods?
Life is no Nintendo game. But u lied again now u get to watch her leave out the window. Guess thats why they call it Window Pane.
Where are the best places to indoor-swim in #Baltimore? Any ideas? Suggestions?
dm me your number then
and are playing #SXSW this year!
i know, samee here. its been too long!
You're welcome. Hope your final day at #FSI2012 is a fruitful one.
#makingitinstitute is about superstars
A vacation is like love - anticipated with pleasure, experienced with discomfort and remembered with nostalgia
“Newspapers large and small were trying to nourish their circulation with a daily dose of sex or sensationalism"- Lowell
#Jim Lazlo from IAB "Tablets, Apps & the Future of Mobile: What's Working and What's Next" with Jay Flaherty Goldspot, Kim Luegers Pandora…
Come on Chelsea! Last thing we need is a season of Yid fans claiming they made the Champions League interesting again!
man it was a great show not just cuz it was based in Chicago but it was a good plot storyline and actors
When I use the wrong your <<<<
It has been a long time Max Payne. Glad to see you again and hear that beautiful main theme.
The air was soft, the stars so fine, the promise of every cobbled alley so great, that I thought I was in a dream -Jack Kerouac
I won the #MegaMillions lottery! My wife is the prize. And my daughters. And CGST.
Happy New Year Thim L. Love
So your truck is smashed up....why?
Good point, but they won't teach that at the driver's ed level.
Random twitter question...why was #SarahJessicaParker trending during the Kentucky Derby?
thank your wife for reffering us to a couple who booked today.
Let it wintry mix, let it wintry mix, let it wintry mix (doesn't have quite the same ring as Let it snow...damn you Charlottesville winters)
Zoo Be Zoo Be Zoo?
Police Officer Arrested A Queens-based police officer was arrested Tuesday after he allegedly used his police department-issued credentia
tweet you
... you to diddle his fiddle.
Sounds good, I will call to help write it today with you
I miss you! Lol
I have a very big #CATSboner right now.
but next, I'll want to marry my dog. I HOPE THAT'S OK!
Go download Rye Rye's mixtape: RYEot powRR. Seriously so hot!
hmm... Still slightly curious
Your mom sings the anthem better
I really hope I don't get knock out or choked up by any geriatrics here
how did she throw the tail and have it land like that??!?!
It's our last night at Wicker Park Art Center for No Shame Theater. Come help us say goodbye in style. Next week we No Shame at Teatro Luna!
I would so go with you if I could!!!!!!!
Thanks Laura for the #FF mention. Happy Sunday to you!
tough one. What about you!
It's cloudy and the '49ers lost, but the Hillel House is full of students back for 1st day of school. Helps to heal the wounds.
My 4yr old: "daddy, my foot hurts up to my face" - how do I fix that one?
The first coach in the Bible? Jethro, Moses father in law. Exodus 18
Thank you! Here's to courage. :)
Thanks for the referral today, ! Everyone, please check out City Wide Limo!
damn. What days will you be here? I'll be in Florida until June 17th.
lol no! Like what?!
Love is the word used to label the sexual excitement of the young, the habituation of the middle-aged, and the mutual dependence of the old
CR7 is the pinnacle of Euro-swag.
that's what they were for :P 2 for the drink 2 for the moustache :P xx
yay we bout to get back in shape <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> bikini season no one piece <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
hey!!! What you doing crazy!?
It's a beautiful Friday night in the desert and I am still working on business projects. What's wrong with this picture?
When a man lies, he murders such a part of the world c:
I was actually depressed that Life Unexpected is over. I wasn't sure until they fast forwarded. Oh well, life goes on, right?
#zap I could meet one direction NOW
Real Estate Weekly – 4/20/12: Pierce’s Park opening slated at Inner Harbor
Beginning to think that the Sandwich Artists at this Subway are actually lunatics who killed the original staff then just kept making subs.
LOVE when people ignore me.
you should have came to Boston. High today is 64.
I am now officially a Cinefamily member! And just in time for their Studio Ghibli retrospective!
I finished completely (:
SPICY Shrimp Diablo--if you're looking for heat try this little taco packed full of flavor!
Sitting at doctors office for an hour for a 5 min 2 month check up.
YES! (If you bake more cookies... xo) OOH! Can I tag along on the media-fueled happy hour, too?
singer needed by friday
Shout out to he is a beast at Polevault, good job today man
that sucks. Well maybe one day in may we can meet up and pre ride the pewaukee area. Hope your feeling better
going to in 26 days. Just need to figure out what time to get there for the meet and greet
Off to Maiden
For 1st time super bowl will be streamed live online & on nfl mobile, and pro bowl & nbc sat wild card double header.
Wait for Jack White or and ...
come to dans
This car ride really makes me wanna fall asleep. Its hella relaxing lol, back on campus in 3 minutes tho.
Avoid the 15 south to the 94 if you're out and about in San Diego. Mega traffic. Only 1 lane open.
yeah, i know.
Good morning
"Yoga is the cessation of mind." ~ Maharishi Patanjali - Patanjali is the seer who cognized Yoga.
we are so glad to have you in the Hoosier state!!!!
Are you going to Cannes?
Quit sucking up
yeah, we weren't happy about it either. it was a drupal problem, apparently.
now Miami is thinking the same thing..
Still writing non-stop, but so excited to see how this book is coming together - can't wait to share it with you!
Lord you are my source and strength!I love you and thank you!Be my focus in the tough times like now as i am sick!Let my praise be 4 u only!
find some jobs and I am game
5 negotiating styles: competitive, avoiding, accommodating, collaborating. webinar w/ #womnegotiators,
It's officially my 22nd out chilln
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts
Would you let me do your portraits???? Please!!!
sometimes i ask myself if i was gone who would remember me
then I would say just a difference of opinion might be enough of a causal situation
RIP to MCA. Thanks for everything Adam!
- Hi dear, check your phone.
Waking up hungry as fuckk.
Yeah! I called him out an he played it off as if he didn't know. "sorry I thought this was the men's restrooms." weirdo
DH is like Mufasa; it lives in YOU.
Take my cipher down/make it zero round
u welcome just show in some love
Highly recommend the fried-egg-and-bacon sandwich at 's Dahlia Bakery.
- Hi! I'm a PLNU fashion merch sophomore! Heard of you through Dustin Towery, I'm interested in connecting with you!!
": EXCLUSIVE: CSI's return to the home of an Iraqi mother who was bludgeoned to death in her own house. HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!!! So sad...
Studying for midterms all night and having work at 6am does not mix well.
How lovely to see Esperanza singing on the Oscars tonight.
Let's get our money? ~ Http://iphoneguide.sm.to/
Twestival Update! The next will be supporting a local non-profit. More info in late Oct. :)
I love my cousin <333
No, he's not flipping any body off :P wow, jus relized tht it looked like he was. Lol
RT : The more I drink the less I taste liquor
We have a host out sick today so there will be no Mac Gaming News this week. Sorry.
Wondering what Hack4Reno is all about? Tune into KUNR Reno Public Radio on Friday 9/16 morning at 9:20am to find out the details
things that are hilarious: people who are still mad at FDR
Are you on a diet? If so, don't forget to take vitamin D every day.
no she did some accent shit, this was a last second thing, nappy roots show was like $40. So I'm watching future missing girls
I never tweet from my computer, it feels weird lol
“: To all who put me over the 17000 mark .Thank you all very much.” I'm glad I could be a small part of it! You're welcome.
OMG!! It's already July 1st, dang times sure flies:)
#thingsilearnedfrommyfriends you don't have to wait for the oven to preheat before putting In the pizza
Who's ready for #FacebookTimeline? Predictions? Think it'll be loved or hated?
Hey, he was the Katniss of the '80's.
You Sat With Breana ! She Could Of Helped You
Love is not finding someone to live with, It's finding someone you can't live without.
Happy Birthday Harry Houdini!! Your amazing legacy will always live on!
When people cancel plans last minute.. <
ty for making my tweet quoting Sue Monk Kidd a favorite. You're the best.!
oh and your fans shall always be there for whenever you need it!
Watching ! Who shoots 3s at a higher % ? How many times did Jordan kick it to Kerr? How about Kobe to Fish!
#oomf is like funny af like kevin hart funny lmao
OFFICIALLY...turned of.(:
yes, totally! I didn't notice till someone replied to me earlier!
Thanks, been working hard. Very nice to see it live finally, but this is only the beginning...
just got done blowing a bowl of some drow feeling good
or sing her a song
Are colonies on Mercury's poles a realistic idea? What value would they have? How difficult would it be to build?
Ahh that's really weird, but congrats! Are you just here for the summer or are you going to school here?
What a handsome boy Baz is! Although he looks very serious in that pose.
Fun fact: During HC debate Obama became so frustrated with CBO that he banned the term in his presence, instead referring to it as “banana”
I know my tweets are good when I get a "hahahaha" text from .
It's crazy, as mad as I might get at #oomf it doesn't last for long...
Did Millbury just say "I like wiggly things?" I guess you can say anything on late night tv!
The real danger of chewing gum at school isn t being caught by your teachers, its being caught by your friends.
glad to know I'm not alone :)
Gotta love these Clippers
I have an intense craving for Ritz Crackers
You have seem my blog title. And I still got a call.
We are announcing our 12/13 Broadway Season Feb 12th, in the Baltimore Sun! Make sure to pick up a copy to see what great shows are next!
Big party Friday at to raise funds for a show: live band karaoke, dollar drinks, backup dancers! Starts 7:30. $10, $15 for 2!
#AnthonyShadid was one of us, he was our friend..there's probably an Anthony on campus right now, we just don't know -
aight man cool!
I love Whitney & everything RIP , You will be missed , BUT when you start effecting my #JerseyShore OHHECKKNAHHH !!!
yayYy my tablet's on low battery now too haha but I wanted u to c this YouTube video BC I think I c the guy that made it
Today is first day of move-in for new freshman. So excited to see so many new faces around campus.
#BlackFriday deals start today at the Golf Shop! Come on by...
london fashion week...... burberry..enough
we girls need to be kinder to each other. Compliments are a good start.
If you go to work on your plan, your plan will go to work on you.
Just had the most euphoric moment ever. I was thinking about and literally 5 second later she text's me.
I always imagined a climber on a Himalayan expedition getting a cellphone call and some guy trying to sell him vinyl siding.
Come in today and get 15% off your purchase. (just reference this advertisement)
Lmfao i know poor guy
no problem. i hope you feel better!
sure are, happen to find my dignity lying around your house anywhere? or perhaps my sobriety?
so impressed, you tweeted back girl !
is wonderful:) thanks for riding along to see the love birds off on their vaca!!
later cutie ;)
Happy mother's day to all the moms out there!
I'd forgotten what a relentlessly optimistic record Mary-Chapin's "The Calling" is - great rainy day stuff!
you'll be missing
So true! RT #musepub2012 Davis outlines data and downloads of articles on Muse. Fascinating longevity of humanities articles
Atlanta, why you miss me ? lol
The NCAA is just old people trying to control young people. Give it up you old geezers! Pete Carroll is my hero.
Yay bowling! Celebrating our last big release with some food and sporting!
Somebody just referred to a hit as "giving him some chin music." --> Hockey, beer, and the ghost of Raymond Chandler.
In "HOM<U+042F>" when Homer writes her a Flowers for Algernon letter apologizing for choosing stupidity over her...heartbreaking.
Oh! Thanks u for tell me!.
AW! Poo! Welcome home!
I didnt get a text... Your gonna have a long day at work
agree leave ur gov hands off the web
You should rethink where you put me on your list of priorities, or i might make it a priority to cut you off
looking sexy in that mountain dew commercial, no homo
i love the cover of you rapping to look at me now . aha it was so cute. follow me back Moo Moo. (:
Good Morning everyone hope yall have wonderful day :)
My MAN!
Jb I just want to blow stuff up lol :)
Get lowest Long Island moving rates from by calling (516) 874-5138 or go to www.moverslongisland.com
Never under estimate the impact of the surrounding work environment on your development team's productivity!
Ha, it's okay! Better late than never, as they say. :)
Whitney on Glee? Woohoo
RT : S/O to before she gets reckless<<<now we learning...lmao...na jk....thanx babe*wink*
Treated like crap on this day. #heartless don't be surprised
never again will i do that...i refuse.
always awed by she who sings in the face of death.
Some folks can be so naive at times......
Nice. Thanks again!
me too!! I wanna hear their music NOW!
"...illuminate the darkest places, light up every face and, bring a smile to the lips of the loneliest child..."
I love fish sticks
Looking forward to our Weider History Group fieldtrip to the US Capitol today!
Want to experience Hawaii but can't afford a plane ticket? Head to Green Valley Lib's Hawaii Connection event taking place all day tomorrow!
well arent you mr. witty over twitter today.
Vincie Glenn says the #Charger's problem Sunday was the receivers not qb. #san diego chargers,
i'm toying with both, really. trying to assess whether doing it on my own is realistic given my incompetence and lack of time.
my little angel Jadely is gonna be 1 tomorrow shes grown so fast i love her XOXO
haha well I know you're not crazy;) and I know<3 I think god wanted us to be friends:) love you too Celeste<3
Just glad college hoops are back. Like to see #Terps compete, but at least there's hope for future (unlike football team).
YES U ARE AND SEXY TO
RT : Procrastination is an enemy that stands between who you are and who you can become
Yes, there is still only about a 5% success rate with that overall.
sleep on me if you want
Same. We have a photographer friend who did his at 6, 12 & 24 weeks. I'd like to get them done again soon.
yes! And the icing in like tie dye pink. :)
haha u're crazy :D I never heard that anyone will get popcorn breath :D :D
RIP Dick Clark.
xx lovely! Happy new year back at you!
Here are a few clues: Unlike GA, pedestrians have the right of way, blinking red means stop, and lanes on the interstate matter.
Are we gonna hear any new music soon? I'm so excited for new music from you guys <333
Played around with iBooks Author today. Just about got my poem translations done.
Happiness is not achieved by the conscious pursuit of happiness; it is generally the by-product of other activities. Aldous Huxley
Microsoft academic search setting itself up as alternative to GScholar. Will index DOI
Skin tips 101 with Ms. Gates
you sure are getting the early birthday wishes.. Think I'll wait till your actual birthday :)
Just texted my mom &. Said lets get tatted .
get some rest & feel bettet soon my friend.
No kidding..... You know I love me some Iced Coffee from D& D.. Miss you girl!
Blogs aren’t just about journaling, they’re also about conversation.
fun & sitting with jakob (:
It is technically tax-deductible as a 'uniform', since it can't be worn at 'ordinary social occasions'…
Sometimes i wonder if he even cares :/ <SoFar,SoGood;*>
I can NOT believe how nice it is out here!!! Love it!!
unfortunately politics seems to continue to get in the way of getting anything done!!! Where's the leadership???
"Dad, do you think aliens are real?" "There are illegal aliens all over this country.. haw haw haw."
sent me to follow you (:
Oh that is not good news. :( Warranty? Or is this a buy a new one sitch?
this is true as well. Can we be all these things to and for the public and for ourselves?
Congrats to all the John Tyler Community College grads today!
Heya Ben Congrats on being featured by Klout!
we can provide a week's worth of day passes... :)
"Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, For they shall be filled." Matthew 5:5-7
#dtl2011 definitely feeling the pain
about to get ready.
Walk #3 for the 2011 season begins bright and early tomorrow morning! Good luck to all those walking Chicago!
yes, it's true. I tasted a few good examples at Prowein. I hope to bring a great example stateside before September.
#ChickNorris can play Bach's 9th symphony with a triangle!
Hope everyone had a lovely Valentines Day!... see what we did there? ;)
Spectra Energy Partners Reports First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
Finished water rafting - too bad only a 1-2 level! Awesome on Rio Grande and catching outdoor scenic in mtns and sun today
I dont wanna go to cheer im gonna barf all over the place :(((((
yeah he was at the bar where he was playing haha
New Luxury Lifestyle Group: dedicated to helping you enrich your way of living!
M, yummy coffee makes the world go 'round! Happy Monday!!!
well missy, you're a little late :( we've chosen to get our soldier on.
That was horrible transition defense the Clippers just showed.
Hi Josh! Of course :-) Hope you're doing great!
i dont know that song :(
In America, humanity within the health care debate is considered a socialist externality.
Trying to force my body to recover from Boston in time for Austin tomorrow morning. Struggle.
Someone is matching
well my birthday is coming up and follow and a dm saying happy birthday would be AMAZING!!! Plz :)
Omg Kim is smoking while prego Oh wait that's what my mom did And I turned out great !!!
Sometimes I wish I had a lil mini me so I could by dresses & do her hair :(
The cover of Leonard Cohen's "Death of a Ladies' Man" is the earliest known example of the "poorly cropped Facebook profile picture."
I hope my goldfish #PonyBoy is still alive. I haven't seen him since YESTERDAY!
On-demand is the final fuck you to the virtue of patience.
Anyone work out at Anytime Fitness in Madison? Can't find any info on the rates, etc., online...
I would come into work two hours early. Lol. Oh well.
New medical condition Torpero-Glutial Zombinambulism: When you sit on a hard floor too long and get up walking like Frankenstein's monster.
WWW.NEWMEXICOGUNS.WEBS.COM
I've never been on a date.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
you shouldnt have been at home watching pranked !
Retweet tweet this to gain more Followers for Lon Morris Baaseball
Please contact for any accreditation requests. Thanks
Horny old guys.
Life without you is like: Facebook without friends, Youtube without videos, and Google with no results...
I NEVER FREAKIN DO. maybe you should ask me, and quit believing everything people say!.
Love You too! RT: "Especially to Love you guys!! Thanks for the support."
totes! hates when she tries to succumb to ridic new pop culture bs
Thank You God for waking me up to see another day <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
I replied to the sales clerk at the pharmacey window, it's so "HOT" today i'll take a "Cold" to go! Strange late reaction, get it ha ha da
Thinking about starting a new tumblr blog. Hmm.
I work for wvko 1580 am liberal talk in Columbus Ohio, if you will let us know when you will be in CBus we can help promote
enjoyed my shows gnite
lol wow what a drastic change... Be careful with cleaning You become OCD like me lol
Enjoyin the swag bag (incl. makeup & ) from the event!!
followback? If you want. I don't tweet anything interesting though.
I have just watching single ladies, my new favorite show. Let's get it in ladies. Living the single life has its perks.
setlist for may 27th show: -tasted twice -summer storm -queen of sheba -the botanist (man, i wish could be there to sing!)
Some real academy award winning acting in that gem!
The smile your boyfriend puts on your face even if he isn't there with you<3 I love it<3 •lexx•
bored bored bored :(
To say the #Bucks are absolutely destroying the cavs is an understatement to say the least
Sitting at Navy Pier, waiting to go in and talk on WBEZ 95.1 shortly before 10am. This is pretty damn awesome.
That looks like The Palisades as you go over White Pass
Continuing discussions about the state of the training industry via Mt. Diablo's LinkedIn discussion group;
exactally. & hes gonna be all popular, and it wont be as special..
Hand weights at Sports Authority!?! Excellent! (Ebay?)
good man
Just finished reading "The Five People You Meet In Heaven". Wow......could't put it down.
I need to go to bed! Good Night Mahomies! HAve a great night <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
Thanks to all my current followers! Also follow who is the one guiding me through this journey! With Lov <3
What's everyone doing today? We hope your having a fabulously smashing Thursday and a bonza Friday to my fellow Aussies:))
I'm also frustrated the whole publicity angle reenforces HBO show as 'indie success story' as opposed to, say, destroying HBO.
Trying so hard to wear flats today-- but I just fell and ate it in the middle of this store! This doesn't happen to me in heels!
The perfect weather for the beginning of the Week of Decadence.
Players pretty much don't check their emotions at all but should. It's the officials job to officiate, players job to play.
#Its2012WhyYouStill poking me on facebook...
Wait, LeBron is averaging a LEAGUE-BEST 8.3 ppg in the 4th quarter? Yeah, he definitely chokes in the 4th.
Lunch is open See you there!
Solve world hunger? Athletes around world give $5 to food shelf every time they raise arms in protest to ref.
If The Dude ran for President he'd win. All the stoners would come out and vote for the first time in history.
Let's just hope Danny's wood is bigger.
Clearly next year, I have to make sure I attend Thursday!
Doesn't everyone?! ;) ": my primary takeaway from that is that you have yourself on Google Alerts. I love it. :)”
Live for something rather than die for nothing ~ George Patton
thank you! Yes, I can't wait for you guys to meet her - she is already getting bigger!
oh that is great just keep learning nd me well everything going great just a few more months I'm out to hs:))) wat grade u in
She has to hate that I never let it bother me, at least not externally. She's all pissed off and I just go on with my day.
ha nicely played
thank you! we love doing it!
Don't you mean the first music video was by the "Buggles," not the "Buggies?"
Awesome job Jimmy....hilarious on AGT
She gone drown from one ballon nigga shut up!!!!
Thanks! This is sudden & I'm worried. :-(
What's up sis? Yeah I had a ball as usual. Time to study.
as long as you're the same person i fell for, my feelings will never change.
when do you get back and I can't wait to hear everything about your trip <3
too cute!
Can you please follow me I love uu so so much UR MY ROLE MODEL i look up to u ur #amazing:) followme:)7
#oscars Ha!! Totes. Love forever Sound of Music.
It wouldn't be a Saturday if my lunch wasn't shortened to deal with an issue over which I have no control.
Just learned how to do my front handspring , front tuck on the floor at tumbling !
Sorry man. one Podcast is enough.
u still talking about Target parking lot guy?!?!
It must be nice to have a superstar who can basically play all five positions.
what i learned today: it's not a good idea to play catch with water balloons if you suck at catching things. -.-
#MSNBC #Nerdland Do we really have to listen to defend the GOP; who refuse to support his rights!
I'm kinda pissed that the #Orioles DFAd Bergesen.
Awesome way 2 celebrate, we will c u soon! RT : You guys rock! Staying overnight for my anniversary on April 28.
hellz yeah! Amazing + you = too good 2b true!
good morning honey hot and sexy
do I know you?
its in Missouri.. And IM SOOOWWWIE! :o
Lol, sisqo has his place in music (but not on my ipod either)....and very true that maryland does make some great music!
I was thinking the exact same thing when the bracket rolled out.
You were insane to do that, but thank you. It will probably help save a life at some point.
he's creepy.
I would LOVE a margarita right about now!!
“:#amwriting something new and inconsequential at a cafe with part of a writing group! My brain is actually working...” Like.
Choosing to stay in tonight might not have been the best thing... Oh the way my mind wanders
Congrats man!! I guess there is going to be a party in SF soon!? ;)
#golf at the
Me too! Even though we went to the ocean yesterday.
Prisoners strike is coming to an end!? I am hopeful for those who ended the strike/fast, but I know there is still a lot to be resolved ab
Thinking of Chelsea King today!
english paper. ready, GO
okay I fucking hate it when guys pretend to be fans of guys just to get the girls. LIKE NO FUCK YOU.
Thanks Heather! :) I feel a huge release after writing again. I'll never be gone so long again.
RT "You are Holmes, the meddler." My friend smiled. "Holmes, the busybody!" His smile broadened. "Holmes, the Scotland Yard...
Solidarity with
I'm a big girl now, in my big girl shoes. -
k you're gonna get a text from my email hahaha so don't laugh
I did..RT : text me plz
Good evening Wicked Tweeters!
Hey #mizzou - cool how you got the jock Jams disc. Hold onto your shorts. We're coming.
I wish I had a boyfriend to straighten my hair for me. /:
But first.. HEY GUYS :D
You are just the type of guy I love -- nice pecs, six pack abs, but not freaky-muscled.
Anyone else have the same thing for breakfast every (non-weekend) morning?
saw the new bands yesterday.. great work. real sharp and classy- now just need the new sticks!
I want to date one of the girls from the mainly because they all have the beauty and talent. The success is chasing them.
me too!! Was the interview respectful?
Thanks for the soundcloud! I definitely love the mix!!
Has it really been an entire year since I graduated college? Time flies. On my way to celebrate the fresh batch of Stout grads.
go heels!
Maybe I'll sleep when I am dead, But now it's like the night is taking sides
Mats & area rugs help minimize potential damage to your stone flooring from harsh sand and dirt particles.
I've had reports of snowdrops and Magnolias blooming here in the Northeast. What's in bloom in your yard?
it was gallardo and marcum, marcum laid on the ground
In the Milwaukee area? Check out Name of the Game inside Southridge Mall. This weekend, find awesome deals during their SIDEWALK SALE!
Delicious treats for Brunch ! Come join
Can you guys stop looking up pictures of diseased vaginas and showing them to me during class..
included: god is cool with infanticide.
last clue: it's a gamble.
I'm on plane about to head to Birmingham for #sqlsat112 , sorry :-/
That was delicious! RT : Business pow wow w/ , who's buying? (@ Pink Taco Mexican Restaurant)
paul krugman's cats are watching him on the charlie rose show right now
My Twitter friends, please visit my websites at www.miari.com and www.knockoutincorporated.com. Great music, videos, photos & more!!!
nope. completely different.
Damn fanny pak did REALLY guud. I really like RNG but I jus don't know u guys could've don better, I expected more.
Perfect Time for Will Middlebrooks' first Home Run!!
like going to coachella 2 weekends in a row?
Whats up Syn? How have you been?
Hoping, with guarded optimism, that tix to The Jeffersonian will become available before show closes.
Created homemade chocolate chip pancakes this morning
#CT2011 - so good to be in Boston after almost 2 years - miss my "home" BIG TIME #Boston. At last session of the conference, amphitheater
I'm pretty sure that it's against the law for One Direction to have that many attractive guys in ONE group!!!!
Who's going to Win?!?!?
Happy Holidays from Azarmehr & Associates, PC!
obviously the nets are tanking games for a top 3 pick, the trade for Wallace was conditional, what would we get?
Follow Back..:))
RT Emily, I knew you were at his video shoot in Nashville, also, we argued that evening also, he'd been here i n Chicago be
please help me get to #300FOLLOWERS please please
Omg this is the best night of my life
Fedor and Strikeforce... meh! I wish he'd just come to the UFC and fight someone worthy. But I'll still watch!
No types of natural hair products in the cvs in Oakland :-[
OMG Clippers PLEASE WIN! Take their HCA! Just like they took ours!
Getting glimpses of fights (& maybe changes brewing) at the U. Can't get a bead on whether it's the usual crabby chaos or something bigger
Real men leave hoes at motel 6 but leave cab fare at front desk
We play at 8:20 tonight on the indie stage! You should come chill!
The weather today is going to be beautiful. So go outside and enjoy it! Then bring them good vibes to Terra at 7
RT Hey people that sit on planes not reading, listening to or watching anything: you look like serial killers.
It's 5pm? What?? LOL!!! Where has this day gone??
happy bday bro....we all gon be 21 soon time flies
"phillys is good"
lol that drag queen Wendy Williams LOL
what'd you think?
I can install it remotlety (Full version) , For 80.00 $ . Reply if interested
cant wait to work together torrr
shout out 2 all my fans n up coming fans
Friday night fire, and drinks
8 mo days... n_n #rushers ;D
RT : Sitting next to Joakim Noah on charter flight Sticker on laptop said "I am so happy I shit rainbows". Not bad.
ROLL CALL! Who is coming out tomorrow?!
True but I mean it when I say it to you girl X;)
Fine then. I hate life.
Thanks for the follow ! I'd love for you to stop by my house sometime!
oh okay well your hawt :)
Not according to auto-correct.
The power of imagination makes us infinite. – John Muir
"How could you be so heartless?"
Water cups or beer in the cups - which do u prefer and why?
Just left da studio killa joint wit
how , cause I was doing shit & chilling wit my boo . Ok
follow back please
And the boredom kicks in and lingers his weary head >.<
Note to Mr Ryan of the Cowboys. Dont piss off Megatron
": 90 degrees here"<=well u DEFINITELY aint in Milwaukee!!!
keep your eyes open...
what's good bro where can I send you some music to check out?
That's what I was thinking, too.
Bought myself a guitar strap
The SAT is not ready for me, gonna show it who's boss.
Playoff push without Matt Schaub begins... now!
Why isn't it Friday yet??
What am I doing?!
I'll get it to ya soon!
Would love to chat with you about Hipmunk Partnerships and some ideas I have. Follow and DM?
Everyone please email me all pic/video/pres. links to so I don't miss anything! Thanks...
Youth Center Summer Camps offer fun, education
English studies complete!!!! Bio time :P
That one goes hard...
Early bird catch the worm catch up with me if you can!!!
Thanks for following us! :)
Yes lol!! RT if I come will you come to my table and song to me like in the movies or the Kelly Price "As We Lay" video?
What if aliens only abduct crazy people because no one will ever believe them?
Our slides are out of sync with Peggy's presentation.
Have you tried Nutella yet? It's pretty amazing stuff. It's a chocolate and hazelnut spread. It's yummy stuff :-)
i dunno why, but i'm very uncomfortable with the fact that #OTH is over
Even without Kobe, the #Lakers are a lot of fun to watch when Bynum plays like this.
and its humid as hell outside!!!
100 days till graduation....
Idk what smells worst !this boys breath or the inside of this frog! -_- OMG HELP ME !
Come on, everyone! We're open for lunch in T-minus 30 minutes!
We call it being loved on. Have to steal some from our next event!
you're the prettiest birthday boy there ever was!
you're coming to Miami? i might get to meet you!
its nice but alone
So who wants to take me to blossom to see blink next week?? Anyone?
carlos just texted me.(:
Got my wand, Hedwig, uniform on, ready to rock.
3 year old quote for today "On Sunday, have a silly Sally Tuesday!"
#ubercart's caching capabilities are a complete fail on a large scale production system. Very disappointed.
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen!
American children consume approx. 300 calories from added sugars daily.
Just saw 20 seconds of Justin in an office singing some song. Omfg I can't wait for believe.
VIP next time
preparing for Tuesday's speaking engagement: "Social Media and Your Job Search: Can You Tweet Your Way to a Job?"
theres some things that are wrong with me!:/ i miss u maria! u would be the one to make me feel better on days like this!</3
I turn to you Jesus, I turn to you Lord, What else can I do Jesus, I turn to you... Help me turn to you!!
Thats really cool.
an informal tech coffee klatch. Last one was about 6 weeks ago at Graze.
We are accepting submissions in consideration for Issue #4 which will be released the end of November! Submission deadline: Monday 11/21
Hope you had a great time in HI, and hope to run into you this fall! Safe travels...
Conversations with grandma can be intresting. She said that "operations cut a nigga, needs to come back into effect". Ok grandma. Lawd help!
Hooray! Just let me know your schedule, and we'll figure something out!
Still not going to help you...3-1 final!
Thanks for the good talk today - I almost forgot what it was like to sit for a few minutes and chat!
Enjoy the rest of your trip. I hope the turbulence was short-lived. :)
any boxee final four viewing parties? what are you up to on monday?
Echatepaca con Ana Maria Canseco will be the HOTTEST farandula show in Miami con escenas de CITA DE PAREJAS''THE DATING GAME'' VOTE ONLINE
I just listened to the Jay-Z interview and loved it! So inspiring and he's so smart!
neither. id eat a belly full of sand and end it all.
wondering why it is people insist on calling 911 for tooth pain thats been going on since sunday and you cant wait til tomm for the dentist
if you love hip hop and believe u can stand out and hold the attention of an audience AUDITION AUDITION 4 THE DIARY OF A HIP HOP ARTIST
Follow Back with a s/o
Everybody was Kung Fu Fighting? Everybody? Not likely Carl Douglas, Not likely.
Maybe the express lane isnt the best place to buy your prego test, especially when helped by a looney tune tie wearing manager named Dudley.
I'm so not giving my advice or opinions to her anymore it's like I try to help and then I end up being the "jealous" one:/
Thank u March for being so kind to us!!
I like it a lot too, it was one of Ma's favorites growing up, must have rubbed off on us.
I liked that ad. "Oh baby, I want that car..."
Seeing a spider isn't a problem. A problem is when the spider disappears
Soft kitty, warm kitty, little ball of fur...
The most unexpected relationships last the longest .
how is he too big why is there a size cap on a position your good at
And we complained about Bill Clinton. Good God, Bill's the geeky schoolboy with a pocket protector compared to Silvio.
Yes! MT : tryin to imagine what would happen if we merged #ArtsTech w/Maurizio Cattelan's block party down the street. Awesome, no?
Don't sit at home tonight, come by!
Kids be up all night
Looks like Tuberville is making up for this last season with another solid recruiting class. Wish it was fall already.
Leaving myrtle is sad
That's cold, Dave :)
-ive never cheated on anyone.. &that i know GOD will back me up on.. loyal to my man, i always put mines 1st until he..........!!
Is it a stretch then that access 2 safe & legal #abortion is ALSO about patriarchal concern w/ controlling women's reproductive lives?(6of6)
twizzlr go to bed!
"THOSE ARE THE FACTS!" Hopefully the #media is paying attention
i love older rnb.
im obviously not from there but soo sorry to hear that
lol, yeah I was trippin for a sec too...Someone got it back on track tho
Just a cheater lol
It's inspiring the way you're putting yourself out there on your blog, Kudos to you!
2 of 2: What happens when all America is like that..every US city is like LA? What CA is today America is in 2041 if we don't change course.
I have to forget the girl I love. She doesn't like me and I guess it will never happen between us which completely sucks.
Hey #Celtics, how about some offense in this 3rd Q? That'd be nice. Thanks.
Back to work! #wedding #blogging :)
Go with confidence, any company would be lucky to get you.
"Trek" won't even begin to describe it
& this is extremely random & maybe not exactly an appropriate time to ask this &this may come off as a bit of a #creeptweet so
Don't believe people who say you won't find a home for your mix of education and experience
That was around the same time that FB was one of the Best Online sites in the History of the Internet 4 Mark Went All HAL on the community
Where ever the wind blows me!!! RT : where da party @
need a hug.
Mariachi music at lunch in honor of a senior manager's 25th year. Me gusto mucho the music. :-D
that is such a nice profile image
All those other guys were just practice.... for me..
Yes, we have to meet up! Let me know if you ever come to SD! You can always stay with me! :)
Los Angeles #MTA votes for good local jobs with
Three explosions (from protest side) and riot police form line to disperse crowd at 14th
omg,full supply from you? Totally cool and like awesome kay.
#neverwilli marry a Iranian man.
serriously. and after the snow we had over the weekend I was beginning to despair!
Wish I was at #alamw12 but at least enjoying reading attendees' tweets
I wish people realized that when they excuse a cliche by saying "...to use a cliche," they are just using another cliche.
Ewww there's a spider crawling down my wall, who wants to come kill it for me??
you're very welcome. :-) I enjoyed the glimpse into your life!
Imagine where the next generation will be burying their time in? Oh dear, #informationoverload already.
how are you hun?? *hugs*
.this neighborhood is so pretty (:
the only thing getting me through this week is the and concert this weekend!!! YAY :D
Whose attending the #Newark #Arts Council - OPEN DOORS TOUR
Stay tuned because we've got a new member on the team! Till now, check out and be sure to follow her!
I just wished my chunky was here to take care of me :/.... sick...
In less than 48 hours The Clinic On Jewell will be opening it doors!!
she's saving up to buy a porch. lemonade ...and a hot landscaper
It's getting dangerous not to. I'm such a clutz
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu attends the weekly cabinet meeting in Jerusalem, Sunday, Aug.
I wish alcohol didn't make my stomach hurt because the prospect of going to work tomorrow really makes me want to get blitzed.
Rebecca Brooks is being so pathetic about the phone hacking scandal! YOU HACKED PEOPLES' PHONES, NOW FUCK OFF TO JAIL
My heart hurts for D Rose...been banged up all season now this...ACL tear....damn
*joins youu* RT : [sits right next to you] ^____^ Kakakakaksjma Lawwwd hold me Onika so i know its real.
starting to reconsider the merits of escape to vietnam...
I'm talkin' about Tangerine Dream over on G+, you should pop over :D
Forget about Monday. Tuesday looks like it will be the most interesting day this coming week.
ur hair is gorgeous
Yup:) RT : #thismantellsthetruth “: Thanks for the concert tix, you guys rock, seriously #bestradiostationinmd”
That little birds tellin my business again. Wait till I find him, He gonna be McDinner RT a little bird mightve tweeted it in my ear
wishing my hair would cooperate this morning..
Hi! Not sure if you remember us (you spoke for us in 09) would love to speak with you @ speaking in Austin event this year.
Yes, I remember those sparkles, but didn't realize they were for sequel. Do you have a deadline set for yourself?
I can't wait to watch it!;)
Brain Floss: About 78 percent of Americans have had at least one cavity by age 17. Help prevent them by getting sealants for your children!
tweeted (: what was your question?(:
I hope ur new site is better optimized. I couldn't remember ur name & I couldn't find u when I googled visual sitemap builder. ;(
We're so glad to hear!! Come back and see us soon!
Running ads on #Limbaugh's show is a tacit endorsement of his over-the-top rhetoric. Pulling your ads is the right thing to do.
With Kamel El Harachi, son of Dahman El Harachi the famous Algerian musician, in Paris. Music is worth checking out. Influenced many....
Very impressed by all the recent work that has been doing. Especially with the new #autism institute & related research.
#SorryForPartyRocking my ass off in traffic!
Life is short! Don't waste time burying yourself in greed, burning yourself with anger and getting lost in delusion.
#ASECS12 uh oh, not at quorum for business mtg
One of these days Imma tweet sayin "I'M BRINGING CUPCAKES TO SCHOOL TOMORROW! TWEET ME IF U WANT 1!" and imma get hella RT's -.-"
well blue and gold for sure
it's time for you to get up and leave the conversation when your company begins to talk about splitting the cost of fuel for a flight.
OH at my table. "You give me a case a beer I'm going to sleep with you."
hi!!!! I was just thinking about you today! Wondering if you still remembered me! We miss you! Gotta get back to Italy!!!
sorry I forgot to DM ;)
Anger is one letter from danger. When you get angry
I believe in the next 10 years we wont have enough food for everyone. Unless we start creating new sustainable farms now! Support us -Lawes
Off to dance with my ipod full of Breathe Carolina songs <3 LET THE PARTY IN MY HEAD BEGIN AND MY FEET DANCE TO ITS BEAT
yes! Makes sense - we'll try to work that out. Great suggestion, thanks for your help!
Congrats to everyone graduating this weekend!
go pacers!
Alex Salmond just got introduced as a touch of class on Craig Ferguson.
Enjoying the progress on the armory revamp on Culver. Exciting to see old things get new life in the
If u don't follow me I will shave your head in the middle of the night lol jk
Las Vegas Fire Dept Chief Washington is right. Anyone who'd like to volunteer in any organization should be done at their own time.
AFSCME "We are unified in our support for Barrett and will do everything we can to make sure he defeats Scott Walker"
Getting prepared for big things in 2012! Happy Holidays!
Thanks so much...and just think I've moved into double figures of books sold...!
surprised hasn't chimed in an anecdote about some public bathroom on campus
Loving what Carla Dunham has to say about social media and secretly wishing I could raid her shoe closet...
OK, I ran home and got my gear. Please tell me you'll be at the gym today?!
Which 1 of U has the Biggest IMPACT? I'd like 2 know who the person is that can get their followers 2 follow ME!
Facebook needs to stop updating/messing with stuff and let me check my messages! It's annoying the heck outta me.
Meg when are you coming back to LA?
The Good, The Bad, and the Vagina - starring Clit Eatswood.
Oh snap! Jean Claude van Damme is on THSS this morning. I have so many questions for him...mostly about Bloodsport.
Ahh. No nightlife?! Psht. Mozy on over and give D-Town another try and you will be hooked! I promise :P
just finalized holiday plans. Chicago -> Paris (7 days) -> Krakow (10 days) -> Chicago. Love having international friends and relatives!
I Like It Rough & Can't Get Enough .
Christian, your wife's name is Sandra. And she's ticklish.
Busy end of the week ahead!
Thx!!! RT #FF who are doing such vital work. Music + Activism = WIN!
Up Early - - Up all Day - - Up all night . . . . such is the cycle of life.
Ok, no problem.
Happy 4th of July! So excited to celebrate with our new session two students!
I was missing a part on a studio light, emailed them, an hour later the parts in the mail to me and isn't going to cost me a dime!
California online poker bill has hearing scheduled for May 7.
I missed the interview. What'd they ask?
Saying to your friend "there's your best friend" when you see someone they hate.
Thanks for coming through the other night! We look forward to working with u again in the near future. Xoxoxo
If I used stolen CCs I'd want 1 that just says CID cause I'd just have 2 deal w/fake ID. Not fake ID & forging the signature.
If you could wish for one thing to happen today, what would it be?
Holy crap this event is huge
your kiddy right!? Teen moms 2?
I think it's safe to say that having a 'limited edition' PT Cruiser makes you that much douchier than owners of standard PT's
Virgin Airlines quantified and drove 15% increase in bookings attributed to Facebook
Tuesday. Free Pool $10 BUCKET WED MOVIE NIGHT THUR. STEAK NIGHT SAT FIGHTING IRISH BEATS MICHIGAN Food Nightly by Flaming Patties
YAY!!! Except I obviously want the one for $829. And I obviously want the keyboard now. And the carrying case. Geez.
i will follow back :)
How Raw?!
everyone keeps sayin how they miss you!!!!!!!!!
Uploading yesterday's and today's Docjazz6 vids now!
Final color corrections on FINDING HOPE tomorrow!
What is that?
Nobody blocks shots anymore. You're rewarded for being lazy and laying down.
Special Offer: A free 3 MONTHS of full-featured trial of Infinity Menu for you to evaluate and see if it suits your business. Contact Now!
Measuring grit single most biggest perdictor of success
Thank god for the sunshine
Thanks for being there for us - you rock !
Zounds! You Charlets have gotta be due some kind of karmic compensation soon. Buy a lottery ticket.
Ready for the #mnstatefair ! Don't forget to check out the KARE barn!
You are welcome and thank you! Glad you enjoyed. yay on fixing our drip!
Thanks for sharing, but that contest is over.
The movie "Paul" is so amazingly and outrageously funny, I cannot stop laughing!!
#threewordstoliveby integrity, forgiveness, and compassion
Not a short term problem, but if they don't fix this issue, it will become a long term talent issue.
amen to that!
T.G.I.F! Reward yourself with a LG Hawaiian Holiday Pizza! Top it off with extra cheese for $1.95!
Yes, I want someone who loves me when I'm around. But what I want more is someone who loves me even more when I'm not around.
Glad to see you on Twitter!
Watching & proud to see talking about equality. Thank you.
": Woods v. Watney today! Who ya picking?! #excited #goodmatchup" gotta go with Tiger, match play master
Oh god stop shaking your legs fattie.
what are you guys gonna do?
to bad
be what u want to be
"If you follow your bliss, doors will open for you that wouldn't have opened for anyone else." -Joseph Campbell
Keynote National Archivist David Ferriero takes the stage.
i am the ghost of christmas mermaid.
And then damn, the #Rangers score & tie the #Caps 1-1 early in the 2nd.
He's the kind of guy you hate to play against but would love on yo- /drink
This day just got way better: RT Season 2 official!!!
Watching DBacks play Nationals
Questioning Palin's qualifications,knowledge,and discipline??? She has an intuitive feel for politics.
#ultralight I agree with you
We are officially one week out from our first show Mad Frog Cincinnati!! We promise we will rock for you.
I hadn't heard of that! It's similar, but not the same mark. It's also called the percontation point.
First day of Fall!
even better:) the show rocks in France right now on channel M6.
it is officialy dog day I hav been counting down he hours from last week till tonight!!! Call me crazy but I love this show
your brother told me you were working today. I was so disappointed when I didn't see you!
: iPad is unique and growing fast. On the leading edge of technology. Ralph Lauren has a cool app. for iPad.
And Wickett wins.
that was a good thing
misses Ever After on Bravo... :(
me too still on bed but gotta get up soon hopefully not too soon
Yes i'm about to email you in a few minutes
The good word is that I passed the IATSE Local 52 test and my name is being placed on the October 2009 Ballot!
i cant stop listening to FIRST DANCE by justin im addicted i listened to it a ton times! later going to by people magazine!
Taking a human brain on tour as part of a traveling engagement program. Audience asks "Did you rob a grave?"
not as far as I know, but I wish it was. What awesome publication is using this cool feature?
Slept 12 hours.
I don't know much about pies, But you make my Banana cream xD P[eace]L[ove]U[nity]R[espect]<3
Already in the mix for , as campaign manager, as PR, Mr. Brian Radcliffe as finance manager.
They're ruining my bracket *cries*
Odd though, I'm working more than ever on my laptop, yet there seems to be more paper than EVER! #recyclewhat?
Guys, I'm coming down off a whirlwind week with family. Love, laugh, tears, all that. Said goodbye to my sister 1 hr ago & miss her already.
I'm pleading the fifth! More to come...
thank you!
Hello Son!
Some great tweeters
kay nevermind then
Barely made it to class!!
Windows intact, ugly trees down - 90 foot Maples intact!
Those who live according to the Spirit set their minds on the things of the Spirit.~Romans 8:5
what time are you getting up here?
Can't wait for summer so much things I'm going to do like watch tv, eat, and sleep
Southern Belles >>>
its impossible to get noticed by but i knoe that it will happen #SOMEDAY so #NEVERSAYNEVER 76
Preparing a document for an arbitration is serious heavy labor.
Congrats John Pollono and on three #Ovation awards for Small Engine Repair!!!
Thanks for the RT! Happy Friday.
my phone was under my bed. that slick little hider. lmfao. hmu!
In the next 6 weeks I'll get to learn from & at clinics. Only 200 days until BB season...
What is trendy for clothing these days?
Where the food at
A half a second? This is intense.
Back on campus, time to do some work :(
Happy to welcome Alex Vorobiev as #Geedra Vice President of Products. Kieran and I couldn't be more excited about him joining.
There is a second team hydrating at Gtiffith Park observatoty!! Stop by!!
Happy birthday, !!!
So I though I set my alarm for 5AM and I didn't, I set it for 5:50
I'm feeling good right now thanks to my music!
What are you all up to tonight? I'm hitting up Nero Don't miss out
I guess they taste like Cheetos lol
Thats the truth!!
There has to be some kind of Photoshop meme in here somewhere. Waters hitchhiking in Sad Keanu's van.
Last good book I read was The Brief Wondrous Life of Oscar Wao.
Fear has no power until you open the door and let it in.
to live is to balance ...wants ...needs ...happiness and responsiblities wit motion ....living thing grow - dead mind grow nothin but death
Thank you! Foxcroft for the gift 4 attendees @ "Power Play: Up Close with Women in the #Golf Industry" event today!
Be proud. RT : I really despise that GOP candidates use Massachusetts as a dirty word. Or maybe I should be proud.
you may have went to college Terry but this guy is
Great review! I'm looking forward to this book.
LOL NO ONE CARES
You're not going to take politics out of politics. It's politics. That's dumb says
No problem. I was probably out of FB when you responded.
and you know there is someone just like that out there...is effing hilarious.
cool. Leif has a cough too so we're a bit hesitant but we'll see where we are at later on!
Self medicating. Pinot Noir is the answer to many of life's ailments.
hahaha with who your right hand xD and i am too but a girl
They don't show the acknowledgement for the Medal of Honor recipient? At least mentioned it, but why not show it?!
#NYXFACEAWARDS!! my favorites are >> and >> i hope they both make it!! ^_^
": You look like Kendall's sister from big time rush . c:" LMFAO AGREED! bless thiss
Hey its BK, over the years...do you have a Fiesta highlight? Best Fiesta experience ever?
Hundreds march in support of marijuana, hundreds more rode to support fallen officers like Jaime Padron.& rain chances r growing!#fox 7 at 9
Waking up for the last 3 days has been like a surprise birthday party.
them respecting their several kinds of roguery. Rogues knew a good deal
that awkward moment when someone asks u ur last name and they just typed it
Happy St. Patty's day!
i have spent the last two centuries in a box
I'm too cool for school for cool schools for cools...Just playing on words HA!
wow good joke...Is it 1994?
SharePoint is best used for online collaboration. Can include I'm and LiveMeeting
Ya got pretty excited too! You posted the pics 3 times in a row! L! ;)
what's your favorite microphone to use?
Suck my ding dong bro....
RT stat: Apprx half of all Ethiopian children aged 7-14 don't go to school because their families need them to work
Show her an article online about eyebrow arches/plucking/waxing or take her to a local free workshop or
I wish it would snow today.
UK should just get a bye to the 3rd Round, lol.RT : MS Valley St would be fun to play. Kentucky might put a 100 on them.
thank you
Oh shit safety hell yeah
Where's that?
Blue and pink
And my last name, so there's that. RT : "Bestfriends" has 11 letters....but then again, so does "Backstabber".
“: Wut up world! studio session today, thinking bout big plans ya diggs”
Great Idea, right?
I'll try but he doesn't even follow me so idk.
Seattle smells like a BBQ to me today. Must be sunshine.
Lori compass: "a year ago the powers that be refused to hear us but I think they hear us now."wiunion
Evan Esar~ Statistician A man who believes figures dont lie but admits that under analysis some of them wont stand up either.
NOPE! Go Patriots!
Kahn's ad libs in Clue "Yes.Yes, I did it.I killed Yvette.I hated her, so much it it the f- it flam flames. Flames, on the side of my face,
They found him thank God! Praise be to God for he is faithful to answer our prayers
they are
da first thing I want to do tomorrow is smiling :)
I think everybody can agree that, for one reason or another, we are all glad that Kate Upton isn't our sister!
How's your Sunday going?? Hungry? Come by Bounce Sporting Cub for a ice cold #Beer and a #Burger... Regg Ruck playing all your fav tunes!
designs done by Zane Cuts San Antonio,Tx!
Love my team forever
PLEASE STOP SPEAKING BEFORE YOU TALK YOUR SELF OUT OF THIS RACE!
thanks for following back! God bless you. please trend
Movies tomorrow . Ok ! :)
Guy next to me on the train - "only people on a train on Easter Sunday are Jews and Hindus". He has a point.
and who doesn't? :)
is a bit upset my hair is not listening to me.
On the menu tonight: pasta and the Rolling Stones.
If you get visited by a federal agent brandishing a warrant, cooperate but DO NOT SPEAK. Lying to the feds is a crime in itself.
I want to go to IHOP for breakfast ..
Here Here! Best justification: student of mine who said the average of 300, 300, & 400 was 500.
don't be jealous lol
Who's watching the #Oscars tonight and who is skipping it to watch the #NBA All Star Game?
It’s time for our Friday #entrepreneur tweet. #Startup knowledge to follow in 5 minutes.
Lalalala sitting a little bored at the KISS office waiting to do some work!
single parents need to work more closely together to change dropout rates; rates of child poverty; teen pregnancy;crime rate
Thanks roomie for dinner! your the best!
Great job tonight ! A perfect 100 is nothing short of incredible.
ManCity is just one GIANT party <U+E018><U+E312>
#FF – that’s Flip-floppin’ Friday!
Be ye not therefore, like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask Him. Matt. 6:8
The reality that I have entered into IT-related business is proof that corporations have to evolve and keep with time.
is leaving after a good study sesh :( I'm forcing myself to stay until the library closes
Zayn got flashed? When?
I miss you more!!!
I am off, but I am still half dead and on top of that i have to go to a surprise birthday party for my bro at 4pm
got ya!
Bah! RT RP calling from Southridge HS, has suspects from a "food fight" in the school office.
hey Brandon
A2: 5 hour energy also activated at the Arizona St. game, but noticed a lot of the bottles thrown on the field
Lol! I think you need to tweet "you know you live in SF... " observations often :-)
I understand. As hard as I try to tell my brain to forget it is taped, I just can't. Watching taped sports is just not the same.
Baha! Lol but I'm Forreal about selling the weave
the entire ESPN network has been riding this story, which is 24 hrs. old now. I don't buy the MIA storyline.
hell yea them niggas is real
You can please some of the people all of the time, or all of the people some of the time, but you can never please your father, thats incest
Going hard in the motherfucking paint tonight.
Coming up on conference overload :)
I am command thee mai which the application for facebook sister and I'm always writing and selenate belieber Follow me please
Baseball is ninety percent mental and the other half is physical.
We are proud of our fully-trained and competent staff – many of whom have been with us for years!
Yes! finished my classes for medical billing and coding
God does. RT : Who has a instagram !?(:
Thomas Mackey and Trudi Jacobson are quoted in Libraries and Transliteracy: bit.ly/eEdgBo. Take a look at their new book: bit.ly/9nDPqi.
Its fine i'll just have to find other brits to twitter stalk................RIP 1d obsession
No But I'll be boppin around :-)
Busy, busy, busy day! Lots of business to do...
I wish I had a dog to walk. Walking my cat just doesn't work the same, since then I'm that weird catwalking lady.
Thank you! And I just checked out your blog! LOVE it!
finally getting time to do the re-design of nowrec.com and putting some of our 2010 goals into place.
I bet you CAN'T favourite this tweet with your toes ;)<3
april showers make may flowers :)P
why must you two be so dang smart, and i watched that south park episode steve.... Priceless
#MostAnnoyingSaying "Could you get your car off of my house?"
Damn I'm hungry! My stomach is just growling in this waiting room
that's 830p here, I'll try and get some pics on twitter
Omg. Thank god. I thought I was the only one.
sad thing I have yet to visit Vegas... : ( but soon I will be traveling....
the label clearly stated "Please take one"...vandalism at the least...and uber uncool.
I get that otherwise tho seems silly, i tip cleaning people often n casinos they don't get it much but should they get 4gotten
Turn St Lucie blue please!
Awesome racing in #vuelta vs. Cobo, so epic
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself...and
Not a bad Idea lol but we can't afford Dragic we might keep Lin and try to sign Steve Nash I hope
Ladies, do feel like treating yourself to a well deserved Shellac manicure for $17 (value $35)?? Goto www.yourluckdydeals.com
oh, I'm totally keeping them for myself!
jealousy wears an ugly,green mask
don't forget the tape
I'm so sweet <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> lol
Just got back from the. Science fair... My friend won first prize! Congrats Danii!!!
Google it
Yeah I get your a cold heartless piece of shit
lol if you're tired of 1D trends then unfollow One Direction fans. Because if you're not following 1D stuff then no trends
Came baack from The Dubaai Mall :D Wow it was hell of an afternoon<3 andd i liked wearing an abaya!
Renault-Nissan And Russian Partner Announce Joint Venture In Autovaz - The Motor Report
is he nuts? no, he's insane.
Yes, we definitely should it'd be great to catch up! Just saw your DM so look for a text from me soon! :)
Aired tonight? RT : Headed to Burbank to film THE CONAN SHOW.
I actually do, Will. Let me check and let you know.
it'll be great to see you again!
#LetsBeBlunt ALL TIME
please follow me!!!
It is today that we create the world of the future. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Im a little late to the party, but I print on tech-tees daily!
Well THEY should fix it
Nite twitters got a early morning tomorrow
Christ is RISEN!
come here rude boy , boy can you get it up?;)
#FF Looking forward to coming back home next month!
when can we
Haha i like it! Are you going to new pros next week?
is that your new guitar??
I thought you wete a comedian?
Isn't every fucking Friday good?
That looked like the OLD King Cole
Landscape orientation would be nice. Otherwise, loving the app.
The cemetery says after they bury Vidal Sassoon at the gravesite they will cover the roots really well
RT Announcing… Fantastic Spring Line-up of Classes from Power Teaching students: In January, I ran another session ... h...
You kinda look like Drake. Are you Drake? (From drunk people)
Dont go broke trying to look rich.
is a true man!
not really going just posting
If you don't have enemies, you don't have character.
Looking forward to weekend workouts. Just a few weeks to go before GA state meet!
that's what I hear. Think I'll put him with union for an exacta
Im over here in Africa tryna soak up what I know ill miss...
Shabooooodddyyyyyy New Directions won!!! YES #glee was on it too haha best episode yet
Being surprised that Romney is running away from far right is like being surprised San Francisco has earthquakes.
If you haven't had lunch yet come grab a Smokehouse BBQ Chicken sub and let me know what you think about it! I'm a fan.
Have a Great Night Bro rock that shit... ..
There is no greater love than to lay down your life for another
Great data visualization and statistical analysis: check out Ola Rosling's work at GapMinder.org. Change your worldview and your mind.
ya me too, but mainly just to troll him and try to tilt him
what up with that guy that dropped his pants on X Factor?
“: Glad to report my genitalia are in stable condition and expected to make a full recovery!” glad to hear it.
HAAHHA oh well i was just trying to be nice :/
Spring Menu(soon): amazing mozzarella bar w/ warm sicilian honey fried eggplant & plump moscato grape dressing
Our pleasure! Thanks for being a great fan. Come by in April and Check-in on FB for a free beer w/ dinner!
Iggy Pop on American Idol. Wrong and weird in so many ways.
First one out put the city on the map. But don't want the luv jus for us to be known.
#TeamFollowBack #Follow Me
enjoy yourself! I hope the writing flows well!
How adventurous of an eater is this 12 year old?
New GEDCOM, API for export/import, semantic data standards/schemas for genealogy data -- great new stuff being announced at #RootsTech!
glad you had a good time! Be sure to give us a good rating and I hope to see you next month!
How can you tell which kid on the playground is the trombone player's kid? He doesn,t know how to work the slide and he can,t swing!
Do you think Reno has good musicians/bands? Tell us who you think they are...
#tweepswithtalent hi Jason! Good to know u!Kimba, what's that saying? O yeah,"takes one to know.."
My bracket survives another night. Two big games tomorrow.
Thank you so much. And I love all the points of interest on yours.
i just got off of work
Thanks, honey! :-)
I wish I lived in a condo
My favorite member of One Direction is because he's from Ireland.
Happy 5th Metric Birthday to my son who turn 5,000 days old today! I overlooked my 16 kDay & have to wait until Sep 2014 to turn 17!
Looking forward to tomorrow's event!
Morning twitter c:
I heart she is my favorite
the slider's working tonight, ladies and gents, Cuddyer does well just to get wood on that ball, still 1-2
oO no do I even want to know... my past or yours?! haha
right !!! I was what the heck. I still love me some j Cole ;)) no matter what
Driver's still around on Dancing with the stars? Any stars left?
where did you find the shoes
Seriously. RT : i am so worn out by partisan politics.
You think this is your grandfather's country? And you are above the laws? Bullshit! Don't mislead the public!
Of course not. You have lovely hands. Oh, and I recall a lovely singing voice, too!
I'd imagine Philly bloggers would taste sour, bitter and rancid. What sauce would you recommend?
Enjoyed a beautiful walk/exploration this afternoon and got back just in time for the rain to start. Perfect timing :)
Crap I got the new twitter. >.<
Kevin Kelly likes inventing neologisms, he just mentioned Ted Nelson and some of his neologisms: docuverse and transmedia
I'm not offended by all the dumb blonde jokes because I know I'm not dumb... and I also know that I'm not blonde.
Pull Yo titty out so I can taste the nipples of thm things on you...
The blog use stat was interesting. I had heard most blog platforms (not including SoMe) were down up to 25%
I try, I really try :)
We r thinking that we might try to find computer aides with some of these skills.
Your listening to The New Music Show X EFFECT at 11p I play 3 local bands, only 1 will return VOTE 702-791-1075
the whole world but me!:p
Why does everyone complain about what they don't have and what they've lost but never app. the things they have and the stuff they gained
I've been yelling about it and were going like 80 miles per hour Hahaha.
I think nobody would argue with you. The end of this season was INSANE!
I didnt play the hand i was dealt, i changed the cards.
Why does life have to suck sometimes? ???
I WISH BOSTON WAS IN THERE BUT I VOTED FOR CHILE BECAUSE IM ORIGINALLY FROM THERE MY FAM/FRIENDS ARE TERE SO IDID IT FOR THEM
We <3 our customers!
"Dark Shadows" = worst Tim Burton movie I've seen. But Johnny Depp was a hoot.
nah moving to my new place
Had lunch with the CEO of Time Warner Cable today. He seems like a nice guy, I imagined him being more viscious!
"...the arts have been marginalized as ‘enrichment. We’re trying to show that arts education is not only a flower; it can also be a wrench.”
Come out tonight if yer in Philly!!! Mutts's Art show Punk rock People Party..I go on at 9...Last rock out night bfor the storm???? And...
Tweet #LVWOMENSEXPO to try to win a nice gift card
Can Cal schedule someone to play on Thurs. so Stallings will quit whining??
OMG did the #Lakers lose?!!! Just F'd up my morning! <<<<
Art is either plagiarism or revolution. - Paul Gauguin
Word-Nerd Factoid: APIPHOBIA is the fear of bees.
The more people see something, the more it sinks in. Use similar content to tell a complete story.
Congrats! Welcome to the world of Groupon addiction
Haven't ate al day... I'm finna Max this Wendy's!
at ground level. You can just ride it right back to C-9 when you get to E-2a. Super cool
1429: Joan of Arc relieves Orleans (General Interest).
Movers available on Wednesday, 8th of February! Completely booked tomorrow, not even a slight chance of availability...
Downtown #Chicago smells like #chocolate this morning.
yeah bitch yeah bitch call me Steve o
Assuming this to me, I miss you too :/
'She's irrelevant, well I guess she's relevant cause she has like 500k followers on twitter'
Jeff Casteel thought to be in Tucson today reported on 1490 AM by Ryan Finley
#kids Elizabeth-Forward Branch - Preschool Storytime: Elizabeth-Forward Branch - Preschool Storytime Friday, May 18, 2012 at 11:00 AM...
in my skin . nd where have you been ?
show me how. I'm a fast study.
#NW The Town. Thank you HBO
i think hes still at the old place, he hasn't been seen since season 3. Maybe he'll come back some time soon.....
i adore you...gizmo is nowhere to be found. i'm scared he went looking for you in downtown. can be dangerous for a little guy.
yup we will be at the game that day. Royals are in town. Let me know
I showed my brother. We both loved it haha
FRI Dinner Salad Special:Mixed Baby Greens in a Balsamic Vinaigrette w/ Shaved Artisan Salami, Toasted Walnuts, Crumbled Goat Cheese
My man Sven is about to qualify for the 2010 Olympic team for Canada. You are so close. Make it happen.
Borin ass class...
A politician will stand for what he thinks people will fall for.
Retweet this for a chance to win a $25 gift card to or
true true(: do u watch x factor?
when worlds collide...
life in 140 characters or less
There is a private party outside at the Scholz Garden. Plenty of room inside. Worth reconsidering?
R E T W E E T If you want 200 MORE followers ( #Must be Following - )!
Theres no surprise to me when just take over my whole TL in a day
My vacation proved that there is nothing I need less than Twitter. It's just....there.
Your performance tonight was so real! I felt the presence of god all over that song! I hope you'll have a record. God Bless!
o shit no way since hen do u have a twitter!!!
I'm so ashy
A British tradition: White rabbits! Have a good October everyone!!! :) Off to go hang out with my friends in an hour. :) xx Elle
FORGOT #sorry we're the sluts... I mean look at us...
Sorry Pre, Can't help with that then since we don't carry any current or historic minor league data
I just skipped a good ass eight days in my mind
Happy National Children's Book Week: Mon, May 2, 2011 - Sun, May 8, 2011. For a great children's superhero book www.FightersofJustice.com
Every one follow the official twitter of Nick Provo >>>
How exciting! We can't wait to hear all about it!
Taking coffee from the bank that I am about to get out of.
I want more sleep
I once drove down from Espanola to Santa Fe and watched the moon rise 3 times due to the Sangre de Cristo mountains.
Really?!?! my family is yelling to me about everything. everything everyone else did. everything i did. everything thats bad about their day
Kind of digging Mike Modano as an NHL analyst.
I think that's one of the reasons mobile will be so vital. SMS and smartphones are more widely available at all levels.
My week is going good:) have a great Friday.
#Varitek is more memorable for being only MLB player to catch four no hitters...OR as only Boston player to punch A-Rod in the face
Pretty sad that is given all blame in this series by people who hide behind a computer. #teamwins/teamloses
it not even ma birth day and u want to blow the candle out????!!!!!!!!!!
thnks for the reads Erik
Can we use the picture on KSTP? Thanks!
I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3”
Well anyways, I was director for two films, assistant director for one, & camera person for another
Game over, man. Game over.
RT tell my birthday twin I said HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!!!!!!// I sure will n he said hbd to u this morning!!
So are China with us or against us? Do they love Christ or are they just trying to sell NYC liberals sushi and unchristlike sex massages?
Thanks man!
are the best. No doubt.
#RVA, you're sloppy tonight. Walk it off.
Feeling a #dairyqueen run coming on. I should resist....but I won't.
The PEAR device looks pretty awesome. Do you see results from it?
Ray Rice is the best elite back that no one is talking about...I really like the addition of V. Leach and T. Smith (to stretch the field)
Dude, its unreal. So excited.
happy birthday KT! Love you <U+2764>
i do it
Today is Yom HaShoah, or Holocaust Remembrance day. We honor the memory of the 6 million Jews who died in the Holocaust.
Pursuit --> People --> Process --> Performance --> Purpose
Need inspiration? Watch this! I want to be this type of father.
Are you working on a channel for Blogger? I see you have one for Wordpress and Tumblr.
ME TOO!
It's high on my list! RT : Friday just may be my favorite "F" word!
If i had a minute or two until i die i would run to the store and buy a life saver.
The NIT is a time filler in the states as well. That's about its only purpose.
Finally watched Osweiler play. Bad decision making, accuracy issues, doesn't anticipate throws, forces things, not elusive within the pocket
bomb pulled pork sammy and a strip steak sammy. Strip steak scramble this weekend!
Still hate the hell and confused out of this Twitter nonsense..... FACEBOOK 4 LIFE !!! :)
5 Social Media Tips for Finding and Engaging Your Target Audience: New Research
The Welshman enjoying this last day of a splendid daddyweekend. I love my son!
#replacebooktitleswithbacon We Have Always Lived in the Bacon
wish I could see it via the virtual conference! :(
damn sue left
Im young so imma stay foolish
hmm sure your not evil aliens sent to take over the world lol
If our Soy Ponzu were a type of music what would it be? Classical, country, rock? Tell us in the comments below!
you're on our guestlist! :-) An email will be sent out this week with details!
You don't have to be born a princess, to become a queen.
What a great night to stop by the Aladdin Hotel. From $30 for 3 hours.....
Are your ears burning? and I are talking (nicely) about you.
pretty sure class "war" has caused many, many deaths.
Wrapping up in Taiwan, home tomorrow (Wed). CE updates coming.
Well noones allergics to my music! Like me on facebook/seatheskyeline and ill like you guys!
check out I'm liking it!
never thought cords could be that intense
Dis Couch Irritating Me
It's so good to have it back. I feel like my arm is complete.
Welcome aboard www.autoglasslocator.com and Thank You for your business!
Deep dish pizza. ftw!
You already know
Id add more vit. b & c..you can deplete yourself of vitamins with intense exercise, gotta refill!
The music that used to actually MEAN something. Not about sex and drugs.
Welcome to Twitter! You soon will be obsessed too!
- Lucky. I wished that I didn't have a Facebook. I now need it to update Facebook Pages as part of my job.
lol I think I can handle it but yeah when it's REALLY summer I'll be in the pools everyday!
How's the neck coming along?
Happy New Year. Best to all - JWM
Have a safe trip home! I'm bummed it didn't work out to meet up, but hope you had fun last night!
if you didn't get the hint, in your new contact picture, it's really just flipping you off. I'm a good friend.
Instagram has me confused on who I'm actually friends with
I know a lot of you tweeted and endorsed the Arab spring, How about some solidarity this Sunday for our Mexican neighbors? tt
Starbucks, chillen at karmaloop, selling drinks at boston marathon, then going out w/ cousin
Yoga and sewing!
so i was at chick-fil-a and i was wearing ur shirt and this girl that worked there said she used to go to school with you
everyone should go follow and stop bullying <3
got my bag? Make sure he scales it out
Getting excited to do the SAG gifting suite this Saturday!
Just got a big mac that looks like it came from a commercial...
dats weak. Need to Be n da chi
Is #FF still a thing? If so, then follow one of our babyfoods Yean: /te
When people smell so bad u gag.. But don't mean to do it.. To be rude
Love Mark Goldbergs Clam Chowder at Park
Thanks for the RT! Are you a Brachetto fan?
If you're a rising country music singer/band/duo/trio & would like for your single/record to be reviewed, we'd love to help u out! DM us!
When random nights turn out good >>
Cinco de mustard
Kinda bored now.
He saw the world as a battlefield in which the children of light were locked in mortal conflict with the sons of darkness.
I need it.
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen you weave pat before you get me a large French fry
me and and Kayla can go watch it now! I love you so much my day just got a billion times better:)
i suppose our friendship ends here.
there are no contradictions in the bible . U just need understanding and that's what Pastors are for.
J. Wice of #Wellesley: Accessibility should be built into virtual & physical spaces that that grow out of the LTS symposium discussions
I work for Franchise Tax Board. Try calling number or use LIVE CHAT -- which is NOT SECURE. Or DM me and maybe I can help.
#GetSpikeyMikeyTo100K let's do it iconiacssssss
All Directioners deserve their own opinion on what the boys do or don't do. Don't stick a giant dildo up your ass because you don't agree.
you're in a pageant!!!???
If you can read this the bitch fell off
Definitely! Let me know if you need my contact info.
will probably be in town this Wednesday for the next Beer && Code. Can I still come hang at BetterAt beforehand?
#supportlocalmusic Live, playing tracks. it's snowing. stop by the chatroom
Do they bury people with their braces on?
Yay! Hope you like it!!
Money team!
I know! and they haven't done anything since. Let's fire the right peeps already
Excellent, Introduce yourself 2 Kate, I am Tyler, social media director 4 Egg's Nest! Kate will heart your product I am sure
RT if you followed so i can follow you
oh shit dude, I just went to their website. they have some shoe called the Kama'aina. Looks badass. Def gonna get 1 for the trip
QT : "We could never be an item/ don't even like him/ You deserve better / this is ugly/ Gina, please don't love me" - Jay
Ladies if a man hits You Do not be afraid to show him the beast Out of you
wait until you get the ring, that's when it sinks in or when you put on the tshirt that says it
Free food, drink special, and the fans Of more do you need..oh I almost forgot bring your flashlight...
This game is about to get GOOD. #elclasico #forçabarça"
GOOD LOOKIN BRO!! RT Happy Birthday EHub, or "Big Mean" (but he sounds so nice)
US & #UN should understand that both #Assad govt & #MuslimBrotherhood are #terrorist orgs. #Syria = terror
Love this-go Jon! RT : Just like the old LG campaign days - sunday afternoon headed up I-81 to NOVA/Richmond w/ NASCAR on XM...
I've been listening to a lot of biggie lately.
I just imagine smelly feet.
Check out www.circuitcity.com. They have tons of inexpensive laptops/notebooks.
“: wait.. is tonight the premiere?”>>>yes ma'am!
You frotos haven't noticed I ain't no Joe Schmoe
Make that a 4 time Grammy Winner (Oscar on deck?) :-) Good to meet you!
Ambitious of success
What advice would you give someone moving to #WashingtonDC to work?
hahaha that was so funny!!! He was so happy to see me lol
Hacking would be the appropriate term. :) Just getting started w/ SL. Some really cool things from Firestarter last week.
Ha! When they hired me at work they actually said, "Let's hire the goth girl." Damn, people are wildly out of touch. ...And dumb.
i don't even know who this is
Anya made "chips" from kale. A little olive oil and sea salt as baked them. When they are crisp they're delish!!
Waking up to my dad shooting a squirrel out the window with a bb gun. -_-
I cant wait. Yes I can. Lol
it is!
Hi ho, hi ho (not hey, ho!). It's off to work I go!
Looking forward to an exciting theater audition later today!
I promised my lil bro I'd tell u he thinks ur new album is SICK...and so I've officially kept my promise;)
I MISS THEM TOO
TELL ME Y U MAD SON!!!! YO BUY ME A CHEESECAKE IM HUNGRY...hahahah!!!
nice work keeping the momentum going. Can't wait for the returned Sonics to play with 120 decibel crowd support behind them.
Who does one contact to submit music for wicker park fest? Thanks!
James Can You Pretty Please Follow Me?(: I Love Each Of You 4 Amazing Gentleman With All My Heart<3 Without BTR, I'm Nothing <3
#BlackParentQuotes Stand on your tippy toes so you can get on this ride. *Smh*
OMG my mom doesn't understand why is Jasons nicknames. Shes like he can't not have bones everyone has bones. Gosh mom... Haha
nothin at all still tired...u
happy momma's day:]
I think I need to leave this place before I have to catch a case (singing in my Mr. Bigs voice)
The brownies in my fudge sundae were strategically place at the bottom of the bowl.
Excited to interview the photosynthesizing sea slug guy!
Happy birthday to your father! My dad's birthday is today.
too tired to concentrate...need to nap...
#NHSRA board supports draft memorandum of understanding from SoCal transportation agencies seeking $1Billion for local rail projects.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY DEAR CÚPLA! HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!!!! EYAH!!!!!!
Men's calves in 18th century Europe were considered their most attractive feature. Why did this fade out of style?
We will be looking for a Social Media Intern starting in September. send an email to media at touchstonegallery.com if you're interested.
Imagine what the money would/will be like if UL gets in the Big 12
“: Kevin Laffey & I are coming, tonight Menage rocks the Sunset Strip like never before! :)” woohoo!!!!!!!
Omfg me and my cat farted at the same time when the beginning of black swan started
It really is not good to call people ugly. God created all of us; so your just insulting his amazing work.
I am still sleepy from coming home at 5:45am.
Half the team stuck in Charlotte .
Squats, lunges, deadlifts, pullovers, pullups, bench press, floorsweepers, run, now I'm done.
Cinnabuns are kind of fucked up when ya think about it.
I believe professed atheists to be as silly as those who promote their 'God'. Obviously there is much missing info.
watching last week episode of the lying game....need to catch up with a lot of shows :(
Largest Indoor hockey crowd ever in Pittsburgh. #wheredotheykeepfindingextraseats?
Whoever's in charge of telling old men when they have weird, long hairs growing out of their eyebrows/ears should be fired.
Wife picked up lunch on the way home and got me a banana pudding shake.
oh wait- olay is telling me about their moisturizer. got it.
Jay-Z aligns with budweiser? c'mon people! throwing concerts is expensive why you cryin?
eh I don't mind...I'm bored as hell down here. btw If you're going charger go SRT8. No need to go site lol
sad title :(
YOU FUNKY AS HELL
Shoutout to our users who shared w/ us how they used Mindbloom & Bloom* to build new habits in 2012! Share your story:
kourtni just laughed like a witch...
flirting gives me a Big ass kool-aid Smile ;; no hiding from that !
#whydopeopledothis break up and make up once a week
preety good just chillin here so whacha been up to??:D
People nor things can make you happy, it's an inside job.
I hope everyone has an awsome weekend and #QL can't wait to start distributing your alcohol needs and wants!
Don't know about you, but I am cool with brown and forty degrees all winter.
Yep. It also helps if you have an open mind. Some folks didn't like it because it was "unrealistic". Then again, how many are?
hell yeah man I'm sure we can work something out! Its not about the money over here :)
“: I probably have enough soffee shorts to clothe all of the homeless people in Africa”
Do not forget Valentine's Day held on 14 February. Everyone celebrates Valentine's Day, the day of love. It is a very special day.<U+2665>!!
Work within the institution to nurture the idea that good data management will ensure continued data integrity.
Ah neck sore, black eye.
Haha, strictly Facebook for picks now...5 mins to sign up!
Wheels up! #St.LuciaBound #MF Life
Last time I was up till 6am was one of the best nights of my life. This has been one of the worst.
Do people who cosplay dress up like normal people on Halloween?
Well my teacher gave me no homework today and tomorrow because those are the only to days we have this week! :{D
Mikes hard lemonade for Angelina (:
Well i hope dha best for u!!
I'll giveaway copies of my last compilation <>
Brain is clear from the holiday weekend and ready to rock on some marketing materials. Oh Yeah! #kool-aid man
What's the best thing that happened to you today?
thought Coldplay ended friendships?
Ugh, I HATE skiing.
I LUV MY TEAM!! AND THE ONE'S HELPING ME OUT NOW ARE THE ONE'S I GOT LATER!! AND I PUT THAT ON MY LIFE!!
Lmao Stan U so crazy never brand new, i just been chillin RT : you have a boo an wanna get brand new lol. Mmhm
In your opinion, does the government do too much or too little to protect endangered species?
RIP to my health
going to college now?? N 4months 2maro
In the mornings, I think I need to start main-lining Xanax instead of coffee.
yeah them 2
subway eat fresh!(:
can I please have my account back?! I already reported you to Twitter. Please. I'm on the verge of reporting you to the police
#Legal #LawFirm #JonesDay can save up to $483K per year on toner usage with #green software PretonSaver! bit.ly/n7Q5A8
Death is life's way of saying "You're fired!"
Please say it's not Ryan!
": Congrats to on their 200th NASCAR Sprint Cup victory by #NASCAR #RACING"
bi discourse adds much to JH's argument, but to argue from representation misses the point.
SONGWRITER/SINGER I'M ON MY GRIND
guess what? I changed my back round finally! :D
": I've been listening to Cudi all day, just one of those days" you depressed bro? Lol
Cena walking into Sun Life tonight odd like POTUS walking into GOP Convention.
Why do dirty bitches always leave nasty panties layin around? smh promoting nastyness!!!
is amazing that with just one click you can make me happy life :')
did u delete your Facebook?
RT : An extra special #ff to ... the 1,000th account #MagicBus followed! :) They're also a great company w/ a...
Maybe God less wants me to fix the world than to just be more myself.
we are all connected on a single channel, supporting our boys.. Il volo has the best fans in the world... in action
yeah... but only if you go to bed at 6pm!
Oh,I love the way you have Farded today!..Today I don't feel like farding!..I'm totaling gonna use those tomorrow! yes..i am still in school
Listening to Philip Glass through actual speakers for the 1st time. Untold basslines and other delights. World's happiest dweeb, right here.
Agree 100% Todd. He calls rvr w Jhi & good. Last nite he led w Khi on A22 flp, calls Lester's flp raise & good
no,we gav it to hs dad,we saw his dad gt off the tour bus so we gave I to him but we were 3rd row at the concert he loked at us!
Really starting to feel like the holidays! Hope you all had a wonderful Thanksgiving
I need my Hair done
what picture did they go with?
This is probably the worst, weirdest, and most awkward night of my life.
m just maybe i will buy it :o lmao
oh my, Diane! You look fab! great to see you at function Homeland Awards. Good thing I don't wear khakis
Spring for some better quality wine tonight. Amazing what a difference $6 will make.
(((Rosemarie))) <~~~ A hug for you! Have a great weekend! Great to see you online!
Home and in bed by 10:30...well 11:30 #daylightsaving A sense of peace about sleeping....
Try out my VA services at an extremely discounted rate. Contact me for details. Have a good night!
If you're in LA, my wife and I will totally eat more of it with you.
Its to early in the morning for this..
Ah yes. God.
A1: The most successful leaders leverage and apply perception, visibility, and in<U+FB02>uence better than anyone else.
is spotify worth getting?
Tomorrow is Day 1 of our 7 straight Days at the WM Phoenix Open. Looking forward to seeing our SW Section PGA guys out there!
I suppose I have many of those moments
you know Rihanna's still gets panty soup when Chris brown performs
Baltimore you cheer for your football team more than your baseball team at the O's stadium
Bailey! You know you want to follow me!
Conaway: need to bring Car manufacturers back to Bmore. Thoughts???
Well we hope you all had a great Thanksgiving. I ate enough for a week, but it was great fun.Come by for coffee and tell us about your day
So bad I pet the boxer at Origami for 20 min, hoping she had magical ticket powers, or at least would console me with cuteness.
No lie he is the first man i have ever truly loved since mikey :/ ily debrien :)
somethings goin around, i got a cold and im NEVER sick
Can I get a refill ???
Today the world will change...tomorrow it will change some more...but the markets will still remain f'd up!
OMG...Rome? I've always wanted to go there. Why, why, why can't I work for you and go 2 cool places 2? Next time, I'm going!!
Feel free to send suggestions for a CLE Twitter username! Don't worry ill still tweet about the same stuff, but Colt is done so changn name
we need more help getting an #engineforshank! & need 2 b 33rd #Indy500 entry
Writers are happy when writing. Did you write something today yet? Short stories can turn into films!
I'm going to be severely disappointed if the #Twolves don't have a Rubio Slipper giveaway night. Go #Cavs!
You will find the key to success under the alarm clock. - Benjamin Franklin
and with a handshake, it is over
We certify that the MyShoppingGenie App contains no adware, spyware, malware or anything that interferes your computer or your privacy.
A hug is like a boomerang - you get it back right away...Bil Keane
I've never had this problem. hahaha
Hey sorry I passed out lol. We're at a mall hanging out before we head to the venue for the show tonight :)
Was just thinking google should offer something besides an iframe for cse, and I look and they did update it. Nice.
I was driving around with katie and we drove down shirley street...
Have leared a lot from teachers using symbaloo at CUE! Great to see the different ways of use. We keep supporting you!
Now attending: New Developments and Trends in Employment Law w/ Christine Lamb, Esq. at
omg I hate bacon too!!!
just finished writing the U.S History project. ugh my hand hurts. and i actually thinked.
Remember when you went to the nbt And you & your sister & Michelle took lots of pictures with billy i was happy you guys
where u at, don't u c me talking to u, just sayin, have a great day!!!!! HUGS, LOVE YA :))))
Are you? Where did you work?
Not gonna lie, I really love Sky High.
we are working on keeping Miami at bay :)
i love garden state
Interesting how we'll ignore God repeatedly but then expect Him to jump and answer the first time we need or want Him.
#Caps down 1-0 after 1, all even at 8 on shots
Beautiful night in Chicago
Ops!!! Forget to set the emergency breaks!
Can u please follow me(: it would make my night, por favor ?
well I mean since Friday but i only had to play like 10 games today to get it :b
I am so unmotivated to do anything
It’s not about breaking through. It’s about being invited in.
I love the Lake for swimming! But I'm a wimp under 60 degrees. These guys, , are in there all year!
I Scored 80%! on the quiz
Follow Friday goes out to my local friends ,
How did the #Yankees pull off that come back
#VSPEX available only through EMC channel partners, an intermediate step between Vblock and independient purchases of componentry
PROTIP: Replace everyone in your life that you feel indifferent about with people that make you happy to be alive.
Happy New Year from the Playboy Key Club! Make it a great 2012!
No matter where you live, there’s always 1 light switch that doesn’t do anything.
right! Wtf! And both Giants an jets looked like fools!
T-mobile needs to get their shit together
Tonight is the last night of auditions. Tomorrow we will cast and send invites to artists. Audition tonight: email .
adding to the SLC collection?
yeah man! Thanks for #Raging w me!
Sometimes I mistake activity for productivity. My bad!
can't wait for #BOYFRIENDvideo <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> i hope you see this JB <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Just a quick reminder to vote for us in the Pepsi Refresh competition! Text "107350" to 73774, helps us win $25,000!
I am for real tryna have ramen soon. you tell me when. comes with us
First day of school!
“: have enjoyed all the drupal and php questions today. Glad to see alot from orange county #scale10x” great to meet you guys!
One day I'll be reading a vegan baking story about about you,
#Class #Action class members move a lot--always check for move updates using the US Postal Service database.
Gettin this Fire Dept ishh together! A lot harder to get internet saavy
NO. I meant that about me. Idiot. >.>
Join me in 5 mins on twitter for music branding tips to help you get noticed.
**www.myspace.com/bekabronkmusic now playing on I-Heart Radio on 44 stations!
#imsinglebecause When I die, bury me upside-down, so the world can kiss my ass.
Remember Whitney Houston for the radiant spirit she is, ignore the neg. press. Thoughts of love = a eulogy. Love is a garland we give her.
Yay! Do you live in Evansville?
Check out It's Amazing!
yup! triplet magic!
seriously if I wanted to fucking hear a buncha kids screamin I'd pop out some demons of my own.I'd better be gettin paid for this.
"Foot treading of grapes is still used in producing a small quantity of the best port wines"
you're wrong lol you just tweeted a bit much and it was flooding my timeline. <3
Your birthday is coming up bestie
Up let's go
My master piece almost done :-)
my life is like the ground it could be rough at times then become soft and u never know where u could go
AW WHAT TOUR DFIUGHDFGJF AND NOTING IM GOING TO SEE ROCKET TODAY WEE
come on bitch know you want this, hot cool shit makes you feel the toxic
Remember: Just three drops of Alkalife turns ordinary drinking water into high pH alkaline water...
#matts idea: a very "real" dating service, DTF iPhone app.
From now on, unless I have a subject of conversation in mind or you are my bestfriend, you can forget a text from me first.
Thx to everyone who participated in the Digital Marketing Boot Camp -- great job everyone!
Oh, well it was worth the try I guess.
The new era of social activism is flipping from the boycott to the buycott.
missed ya today ma! Love the new hair though! ;-)
I can't even do it no more
Your tweets are my favorite & I even follow ! I'm impressed you keep it up even w/ all the shit. Kudos!
holy shoot my horse is a beast went from a 6th place un one event at a different horse show to a first.
Down To Earth or Born To Be Somebody <3
These Mini Chips Ahoy is Bumpin!
Madison police investigating the deaths of 3 and 4-year-olds found dead early this morning in a car parked near a business on Kinsman Blvd.
I have the worst luck with competitions and contests so i shouldnt get my hopes up for the OLLG tickets :/
thanks! One day we'll turn this little city's reputation around ;) I've seen a lot of progress since i moved here
I know you guys can do better
you can skip 'the incredible hulk' but you should probably see 'thor' and 'captain america' but mostly for backstory.
+1 RT: I've never watched a season of Mad Men. Isn't that sacrilegious considering my career?
I love Calvin Klein. <U+263A>
nervous really!!
Let's Go Heat
1/2 price entrees tonight! Try our new chinese chicken salad for under $10.00
I have no energy.
so Aubrey may or may not have out spotify on my computer...
Anyone else feel the earthquake?
it's a good look for you!
You have to move your headquarters to Belleville, Ontario...LOL
thank you
Tiger Woods. I don't care. I hate golf. Rather watch water evaporate.
pst...pst, you..yeah YOU! This Saturday, Cre3soL Presents "Rest in Power" featuring Sidebar, lab always and fresh gear via
Nice beatz. Thanks for following. cb
Im just checking up on u ;) lol
Had such a wonderful day with love him :)
"Our strength grows out of our weaknesses." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Agreed. And different.
well your lucky about the 9 days left, but i wouldn't wanna be leaving highschool yet. lol
#IThankGod for my one direction tickets!!!!:D
this makes me want to watch the JTT classic Tom and Huck!
On our way to beaver dam lake. Reports of 6 snowmobilers rescued after falling through ice. Live at 10
That's enough out of you.
MLB.TV plays the same commercials EVERY SINGLE BREAK.
Tru artists grind and keep grindin without any excuses
Listenin to on my way to the dentist...Great album, my favs are the slower songs ”Be Real”, ”Outta Here”, ”Sixty Times”
James King doesn't look old enough to have been working in computer and info science and support since 1991!
Todd Carter shows example of Tagasauris at work, tagging photos from Magnum archive
Pride of WL, Indiana ... RT : Axl Rose declines induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Now THAT'S being a rock star.
I miss how we used to talk every minute of every day and how I was able to tell you everything that was on my mind.
That sounds exhausting. RT a basically a "Let's make dani play as much as possible in a 4 hour window." I can get behind that.
and Canada will still not have a SCC
Hey! Want your new track reviewed and shot into the Blog-osphere? Hit me up!
dub club reggae at the echoplex
yes! Visit stratejoy.com & visit the blog section. 4 women will be blogging in real time as they conquer they're QLC! :)
Is rocking with the advice tonight...you'd pay big $ for this elsewhere!!
Young survivor of Cracker Barrel family shooting dies.
Wearing my Jesus earrings today
#cartoon Your Questions About Cartoon Bugs
i treat twitter like its a girl. i come up with stuff to say in my head, but when i go to tweet, i cant think of anything lol
RT : More like kidney stones. Painful to pass, like GOP legislation. RT : gallstones serve a purpose? Repubs...
u called me all types of names and left me for my bestie now u want me back when she didnt want u anymore???#GetReal!!!
Its decided. A MUST make movie... #TheLegendOfHuma. I can't believe this hasn't been taken up yet.
This new cheerleader is really good.
having a les paul<3
Day 2 is underway! Brian Klapper is currently fielding Q&A from his case study with KFC.
NATO is making everyone crazy here in Chicago. People are boarding up their windows. Please stay safe everyone.
Sometimes I want to finish you off, then I remember that we are nothing and I passed.
My Player Mode!
(cc ) Sorry sklar, DC doesn't miss you because you keep making a cameo at every hot new club opening in town!
Baseball FINAL: Taylor 6, Mt. Vernon Nazarene 4. Taylor advances to play Concordia in another elim. game at 8 pm. MVNU eliminated.
"but gladly everyday imke my dsughter happy" :)
Just off to a wonderful start. /: Boyfriend's upset and doesn't want to talk. Ugh. Well, today's going to suck.
don't ask me to flat iron your hair anymore acting like a punk && ish. lOl!
hit em with the k let that hoe spray pussy nigga if you aint dead watch me put a 38 in yo face pop pop pop leave his ass bloody red
Im so depressed about this all.Idk whats going on.Dumb Rumors
Sunday Funday is best spent eating CURRY!!!
The second winner of the raffle is Karen Fine Saltiel from ! Primerica is also one of our amazing sponsors!
: sorry youre not feeling well bud. My mom tell's me I'm handsome all time time. I got that going for me...
No hail in Point. I'm worried what to do w/ the Lexus now if it were to hail.
I think I'm gonna do some #yoga before this
I have't worn socks in months, but maybe I can dig up a pair just for you!
#Rain Rain go away, but it's almost weekend so whatev. Keep up with , and , the hunt goes on.
your tweets... they're like preachings
cant wait for rookie mini camp. I just moved out of state and I wont be able to go to training camp this year.
See you tonight right? :)
Rethinking ALA Midwinter @ the NMRT Orientation. Know thy acronyms! Also, there are TABS in the meeting guide. Genius!
whats up loser :p
In the mood for beer & BBQ for din din ...what is the best place around uptown?
Plush - with the BEAST power! #beastmode He "tombstoned" that one.
Old Man!
Did you see 's #WeightoftheNation last night? What did you think?
Boobs are great.
she drove
I'm not either. I'm saying the writer of the article is a hack
Come Thru To Our Show on Wednesday Night. Allymoe, Nauti J And Mike Warbucks Will Be Performing Trillmatic. 8:30 @ Club Pyramid Nyc All Ages
O.V.O
#NYLawForum is 10/14 & 10/15, will be Booth 600, stop by to meet our Director of Admissions!
Lyfe Jennings - Will I Ever
I know I am. I've been told I'm missing out on Game of Thrones too.
This is new: Teams posting trailers for their 48 Hour Films. Follow #48dc for links. Screenings at AFI Silver tonite thru Friday.
hahaha well yes! I've been busy! Went cruising for a week- now getting caught up at work! R u alive???
Goodbye and see ya next week!
Heh. Doesn't sound too bad to me RT Thanki No eye contact or anything that requires turning one's head.
Wow, that long? I remember you posted that "come to liberal Jesus" series but didn't realize you were around before that
I been here waiting. Didn't you see me? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A> Happy Friday!
Pretty impressed by the technology in the camera. I wonder when that tech will make it to mobile phones...
uhm, can you send me a picture of you saying you love dylan . LOOL , im making a video for him(:
You won't do it because it's a load of shit.
I listen to a lot of comedians podcasts, and a few of them use the phrase.
Anytime you would like 2 find out more about our work, just do a search 2 find info. Keywords: 'Roman Piso', 'Piso Christ'. Thanks & Cheers!
Believe me it gotta alot of bass however, it still needs work, just wanted to get some direction frm u on whatchu wanted lol
I should just jump on the Miami Heat bandwagon. It's inevitable. But I hate them so fucking much I don't even remember why.
Instead of looking at life as a narrowing funnel, we can see it ever widening to choose the things we want to do, to take the wisdoms...
lol well your no david becks so I suggest you don't @ me you sad man I'd love to rape you up the bum with my christian loubs
looking forward to "Dumb and Dumber 2"
dope shit there :P
Thanks for the +k. Sent some your way as well. Congrats on being #1! Damn fine accomplishment
morning twitter peeps!
Will you be making a Web archive of these panels available for those of us who could not attend? Thanks! :)
thanks man, enjoy your evening too
I bet Dan Waber has written more sestinas than there are particles in the known universe. Hear about his unique outlook at our symposium!
me either I'm starting to get hungry lol I might go get some food
RT : Yes! We're gearing up for #PRSCamp too :) cc
If I could, I would open the ground & travel deep into the center to give you the earth's soul.
What do you call a jalapeño chile that has been dried and smoked?
"Be willing to be uncomfortable. Be comfortable being uncomfortable. It may get tough, but it is a small price to pay for living a dream."
that's awfully good running back #demarco Murray
that just about drives me over the edge.
Oh .. .. You just had to wake up & do it .. Welcome home sis lol
my boyfriend hates me
ahahaha. me and lizzy were climbing trees.
read "enabled to death" regarding Ana Nicole Smith & it's the 1st time I'm able to appreciate what's really wrong w/ enabling behavior
First grad class: IS 260, information structures with Dr. Greg Leazer
that is the worst way to start a morning!!! :(
thank u king!!! Honestly, the new handle threw me. I dig it!
Replace one sugary drink with water every day and you'll cut 50,000 calories a year from your diet.
- Want to play a part in helping a good friend and the memory of his great dad fight pancreatic cancer....
I guess....lol! Still don't totally get twitter.
OMG I seriously miss you!! :) <3333
Hopefully I get into this EPA class! The "big" one after that!
RT : Biden announces plan to fight coal industry lobbyists who take children hostage w/ high fructose corn syrup.
Listening to audiobooks in class with a guest speaker -- a school librarian from Arlington Public Schools!
I still have a yarn! I found it in one of my old purses haha. We never did throw it on the roof!
The simplest means to convey your style statements >>>> Custom T-shirts...
notecards are ok, the pitches are generally very casual but you only have 60 secs to impress
This traffic
I warned you about the blackberry...
Looking to #connect with #NativeAmericans from #NewMexico that are looking to get a #mortgage on a new home! I can help!
Anyone who says "I'm not anti gay just pro marriage" is just as bigoted as someone who says "I'm not anti black just pro white". Period.
haha do it
I hate how insanely sleepy I am right now.
like the time you spelled Behanan, Behanon
I feel like I've forgotten something.
Yup. FACE VALUE TOO (unlike last year)
Cristo Rey Jesuit is in today's Baltimore Business Journal (second Friday in a row!) and the Catholic Review! Check us out!
I ALMOST CRIED!
Sweet. See you guys soon.
Do you enjoy learning English? Love you pictures.
: Just held a workshop showing your HFW DVD + had an art bar to create after being inspired. Shame Resilience rocks!
Let me know if find something, user Buffer app paid now and its okay...
When I come home I am gonna try to hang out wit as much ppl as i can
Nothing like completing a work out that you did not feel like doing!
not a problem. sorry we did not make this clear to you previously.
Here at Tootsie's waiting to go on with Robert Reynolds and OSO Artist,
thanks for the video
used to be one of my favorite series... now I need to go back an reread alot of them...
I know, I'm such an obnoxious dog owner... but he's so lovable! Haha.
I concur, absurd...
Good morning all.The cold weather is rolling in, and the hot drinks here are rolling out. Hot Chocolate,Caramel Apple Cider,Pumpkin Chai.Yum
I was born in the bottom West Wood Tennessee but I came up n fuck the game up in South Iraq Tennessee
On my way to support president Larry Miller who is a Pink Tie Guy in support of Lunch for the Cure.
"the eyes are the nipples of the face" #gypsywedding dafuq
I will never get to old for spongebob!!
Lol. We think it's funny.
heading back to D.C. tomorrow... not looking forward to classes but am ready to come home.
Thanks for the follow!
oh..well you have your moments. Js.. & I got youu.
it wouldn't bother me if she went down in a fiery plane crash. Lol
So how was the free lunch?
Hello! You're welcome! We all have to start somewhere!
Haha I'll change it eventually. Hopefully band pictures will take place once summer starts so I can put one up.
Jagjit Singh passed away. A very sad day for music world.
that part is true. I defend yuni but he is horrible going to his left
Ballroom Dancing Competition: “Back to the Ballroom” - Longview News-Journal
I really want to go to sum college in Miami!!!!!!!!!!
Tornadoes are definitely fascinating.
well it's true haha jk :)
After 2 days of setting up the baby room, now I'm at for our birth center tour.
I know, it's really upsetting. Even on intelligent news sites there is so much prejudice and carelessness about ideas.
Hey hey hey - welcome to tonight's YOBI Live show! Tweet us with a #yobitv and let us know you're out there!
SEO takes time and the investment is worth it. How long did it take to write your business plan? Was it worth it? Plan for success.
I have no idea what I'm doing...
You're just now realizing this? *shaking head in shame*
Doesn't matter if B2B or B2C, go where your customers are. Build relationships and make small talk wherever you go
I like this approach. Instead of bike lanes on Wilshire in SaMo, bike lanes on California. Nicer ride.
I'm so fuxking bored!!!! Work needs to be over
spot on thank you
Thanks for watching! We hope to carry them next year, stay tune!
please take him away!!!!!!!! #Newark begs you...take away the worse mayor we have ever seen.let him go be a liar elsewhere
beautiful profile photo of your cat :)
If you're in Fayetteville, Nc make ya way out tonight to Southern Style Saloon 4939 Bragg Blvd doors open & it's $5 til 12 0.50 shots
Just saw a lady wearing an aluminum visor, and a SARS mask carrying a watermelon and a stuffed dog walking the GU halls. Weird.
: overheard from a logo designer today: "Euclidian space is so eighteenth century."
I saw your name mentioned in US weekly.... I find it fitting that they called that movie True Lies :)
I'm not the type to fall in love.
#WeWontWork if you prefer facebook over twitter .
ha! Yes. I literally got my license in a week.. Bananas
If anyone wants to talk about the issues surrounding the upcoming election I'd be game. Would much prefer insight to confrontation! Mu ...
So do you mostly like rock or do you like any J-Pop?
Mostly? The score. LOL
good luck :)
A hero is someone who understands the responsibility that comes with his freedom. - Bob Dylan
hmm. perhaps the distinction is between "funded" grad students and "paying" grad students. but overall undergrads win hands down
I love football more than almost everything. But with injuries and players deaths post football, Idk where the sport will be in 10 years.
Thanks for the RT, guys!
Ok, the eye socket is NOT an erogenous zone.
it makes me sad how we used to be so close & tell each other everything.. and now we don't even say a word to each other.
At yogaworks on larchmont. Loving this studio
I have officially befriend a little old asian woman, about 75-80. I started waving 2 when I ran by now when I run past she says GO RUN!! lol
I love how me & my mom have the best relationship ever !!!!
Don't let anyone else bring you down or make you feel worthless, because we are precious in God's eyes.
Worthy is the Lamb!! Have a blessed day!!
Thanks, Karina! Are you coming?
List of things forgotten on my 10 day work trip so far: laptop power, Ethernet cable, allergy medicine...I'm curious as to what else!
...after the whistle by their benches? It's clearly a cheap shot. Clearly a guy targeting a player and that was well after the whistle."
Good morning, New GRusalem!
Bill Hall and Ceasar Izturis in the same sentence. Only in baseball can that happen.
Remember otterpops! i used buy 3 for a quarter in 3rd grade.
Guys please remember if you are non-custodial parent and have the kiddoes from July 1-31 you get to keep the kids till Aug 2nd.
PRETTY LITTLE LIARS WAS AMAZING 2NIGHT UR AMAZING UR MY LIFE
He's more affectation than man.
Ah, you totally just made our day! Compliments from users never get old ;)
- Good I am glad you are getting up there early to get a head start.
that's an old one buddy
thank you very much for the code and the show :]
And my night begins........ Now
Hipster in the 40s: Cool beyond compare. Hipster in the 21st century: Annoying and must be destroyed. LOL
He may have been 7 but he still got a good piece of my ankle. Little punk.
hi wards! We
Women earn 77 cents for every dollar a man earns.
#dtl2011 looking forward to start of online communities foe collaborative work and learning: lessons learned
Dear I'm only going to listen to the leaks to prepare myself for the concert Wednesday. I hope you understand.
2 obstacles down, 7 to go, or 12? I think I see an oasis.
really had a run in with the pigs without my car even running
Whichever one can incorporate ancient Roman archeology, I'm for. Preferably not "The Corner."
Called it.
Oh hey, I actually dusted my living room.
incoming - I thought did already
Actually saw a few of the team bikes being built! Looking forward to a great season.
omfg i know i mean it takes the "healthy" outta of it but fuck it
Music production from the 80s is way better than what we have now
Sitting with my CEO till 6:45 = No go. P.S. Some of us ran 3 miles with 100 pushups this AM while YOU WERE SLEEPING ;)
I'm pretty much convinced that pre-Crisis on Infinite Earths was the least screwed up and confusing the DC multiverse has ever been.
#11 Dallas Cowboys's Roy Williams looking good. Remember when Julius Peppers played basketball for North Carolina..
Hope the content was still worth checking out.
Don't understand why they didn't just show her video of things he said. Would have put a stop to this craziness.
Are you home from school yet ????
Just getting up good a about to check out the happenin in Detroit
Seriously, computer... I'm trying to get out of here and you still give me the spiral wheel of non-responsiveness
yay! come and get meh :D
Support our friends: “: Come by the Menil Bookstore this Sat.9/25 for Museum District Day--check out new children's books.”
Rich Man, Mor-Man
Night Night Twitter.
Lexie and I are driving to pick up my wife from work. Lexie is our Shih Tzu. We love her dearly.
you mean Strop! Hammel Time!
A gay boy bought me a drink... thanks to my momma and daddy! He said I had a pretty face :)
Hey make sure you follow us here on twitter.
my mom knows just how to piss me off.
ok so now a new regular show this is the best thing about mondays
LOVE! RT : Those who know only what they do tend to work harder. Those who know Why they do what they do tend to work...
at work but wanting to head out. 2nd doctors check up for my new boy this afternoon and then I'm out!
BevMo is a solid bet but it's also on tap at CityWalk.
Happy Birthday Dog!!
Scribe going IN right now.. is my new favorite monthly in nyc..thanx
I loved the Hulk. Everyone in the theater laughed out loud when... well... you know.
"Nothing comes from talkers, but sound..." - The young Tevin Campbell. One of the realest lessons I've learned in my adult life.
Thank you. Last question, will the tournament be extended since there were some issues?
SATs that day, pretty sure ;(
Thanks for the lovely RT's!
thank you! Let us know what you think of the shadow!
I need to stop listening to take care cos Im gonna end up hating it
these skies are looking fierce...
whoa, you have an amazing beautiful voice.
wow. I don't know what's more awesome... You guys for saying that, or that you said it on 11/11/11 at 11:00
you could always lower your standards.
Hope you had a great weekend! The gallery will be open tomorrow at 9:00 AM. Come and see our new jewelry collection.
Don't we usually arrest the killer THEN build the case? #TrayvonMartin ...
Let's book some work today
Unreal that w/ Rose & Noah out, Boozer was on the bench in final minutes of #Bulls loss.
It's kind of amazing how selfish some people can be...
My soul longs for you...
My friend is going to a cold play concert this summer
Working on some bold predictions for NFL's craziest division, the NFC South. Got any of your own?
~I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!
248 more days til vacation. sigh. I guess I should think smaller. 4 more days til Sunday.
lol. I'm not gonna lie. It looks real bad. Worse than what Shane did. I mean... I haven't seen it in person so I really don't know
Good in the hood, how u
#NW Day after tomorrow! With the fam :)
holding the big announcement for ipad 3 in march?
that's amazing!!! good for you :)
We offer a free market approach to success in the music industry!!
Sum women out here havin babies jus to get money from the goverment. That shit nasty
Waitin for this Rap Battle to start supportin one of my artist
Dear CBS: Damn you for not doing a 2-hr #personofinterest season finale.
feels so weird not going out tonight
thanks for the follow! marketing across 9 languages? Wow! Would love to connect sometime on lessons learned/best practices :)
I can't stop picking at my tattoo. Damn.
Know any angel investors that are looking to get into a great iphone app? Sport theme - educates folks how to make better pool shots.
Today is a easy day At work :3
Mario party with Garrett
I'm not here to promote/recommend any brand. I want to stay #impartial. That said, I've had service with #ATT it was bad as well.
Con-super-gratulations to , plus , , and !
When you talk, you repeat what you already know; when you listen, you often learn something.
Revenge... A dish best served cold.... Hm you know who you are ;)
PR must be humanized and matched to the culture and people who drive the communities. D. Breckenridge. MarketWyse
Nobody can hurt me without my permission. -Mohandas Gandhi
13 surveys for #jms581 DONE. Such a relief...looking back they weren't as bad as I thought. Good luck to everyone finishing up theirs!
Let's get naked ;)
I'm going to travel to Florida on a horse.
Thanks so much! RT : Just dropped of a bunch of old nike and Jordan gear off at the goodwill
Loving life!! I do everything for the glory of God! Putting him first before anything I do.
Thanks for the follow!
2 drinks down, a whole lot more to go.
#ImNotInterested in Texting someone who takes FOREVER to reply back. ReTweet if you hate when people take forever to reply back to a Text.
it puts a smile on your face and joy to the sad day
Leading to the question of which is the country with free speech?
I got food poisoning from half of a weed cookie, shitting and pukin for 12 hours, at least I was high, and I still have half a cookie left
is celebrating its winter menu launch by giving away 2 tix to Skins vs 49ers (11/6) Must enter by 10/21
My school week starts tomorrow... I guess it's time to actually get things done.
On the scale of 1 - 10 how bad does Drake wish he was from Houston? My vote is 36
Happy New Year Everyone!!!!!!!
a few of us r already here come say hi
I believe you can't have twitter without hootsuite.
#FF to some awesome folks-
Milwaukee beer barons
you must! That cup was my third and i'm going to have at least one more, haha.
Please be kind to your Dentist, he has fillings to
Broccoli Samurai at to finish up the EP tomorrow.... we're gonna be recording a great song to end the EP a special way... :)
Are you going to the Q on Friday for Junior's Celebration of Life?
Congrats to the Packers
like can we please be friends this summer?!
Dear Next Door Cubicle Girl--I don't mind that you eat ALL day, but how bout mashed potatoes instead of potato chips?
Dude, jealous people these days.. smh
Just had a great day in Syracuse with the students. Thanks to for having me on campus.
Yes, I loved what he did for the HP movies. I just think his projects are way more ambitious these days and he'd never do it.
I don't hate LeBron James. But I do like watching him lose.
Lamar and Derek are missed right now. Let this be a lesson for the quick to trade mentality fan. Chemistry is not a given.
We here wanted to ask "Are millennial students ready to populate their portfolios through mobile devices?"
welcome to Arkansas Vin! Great choice and I can't wait to see you in action bro! Heard alot of good things!
Great way to start the day! Proud of the girls :)
Anyone who likes Man Overboard can sit in the corner and have a good long reflection on how they're living their life.
yes, me too! Just gotta find the right one!
Rangers will take care of business tonight and go up 2-0. Knicks need a miracle.
Alex you are the sweetest boy!!! I fall in love with your tweets everyday. I Love You<3
AWW SHOT THEY TWITTER JAILED MY BRO! FREE FREE FREE FREE FREE
las vegas :)
Coffee’d be grand. Say around 8:30?
Eckspecially....yeah that's totally the right pronunciation.
Want to help keep #lastthursday alive? We need your help! Come to our volunteer meetup at Six Days Gallery in early August
Good luck Tebow. Hope your magic powers can fix our offensive line, & our defensive holes & receivers not getting open and penalties and...
haha,I am but I'm gonna be late. And stop teasing. Lol.
i think i got banned from chacha :o oh well ;)
We cannot do everything at once, but we can do something at once.
This exercise is pretty crazy with
haha i feel ya
Wish we could be at home for BYT's bentzen ball! RT The folks at the DC Marriott are sponsoring TSOYA Live, tickets are free!
that talk me , micah , & had on the buss >> they was sayin' some reaal shitt to me : )
who is your favorite superhero? :D
I'd kill for a Nobel Peace prize.
let us discuss my unhealthy crush on Merlin Mann.
About to draw page 500. What should it be?
21st C Abe is a digital project with commissioned artist provocateurs.
Join us today @ Balboa Park 2 celebrate Earth Day & register voters for the upcoming election! Email if u can help.
love you too!(:
Such a good game!
Monsoon Special! This deal for this week only $25 for 500 Premium 16pt Gloss or Matte Business Cards. Must Mention this Twitter Ad
I love the wisdom in Proverbs
gets it! Rihanna is the jam!
Today's White House pool reporter is indignantly correcting people for calling Washington-Lee HS "Washington & Lee." I admire his stance!
Happy New Year to all of our Sisters, Brothers, and supporters. For 2012, we will continue to ascend. We are the people!
Good picks don't necessarily translate. Stars go where they want to go. Morey's gotten more with middle round...
89 first have yards? Powerful O. Geez!
When they pull you over, ask if you've been drinking, and say 'blow in this tube', tell them, 'blow in this phone-speak to Charles Johnson!'
I love the ellen show
congrats mate!
watching popper's penguins lol
ah yes powells. Where's hair of the dog?
Good Morning, i got NO sleep at all.
Back in florida. Just got my new place in ft myers. We call it the compound
FINE. I'LL JUST ROOT FOR AMILE JEFFERSON WHILE I'M AT WORK THEN.
Great group of professions at today's #AWCaustin luncheon!
Pardon me, ma'am, but I think you misplaced your Ho Ho on your head.
"Tip top shape" is an annoying phrase. I don't like it.
Or were you thinking more along the lines of A-Ha, Air Supply and Kajagoogoo?
You have got to be kidding me?!
“ SOSA”Cheef Sosa
The only reason I saw #Players was because of & ! Omi - we'd love to interview you for our magazine!
What's up Twitter! We're back and raging in 2012. Tweet us your #singleladyproblems and get an invite to the sneak preview show on Feb 4th!
This is am amazing time to be apart of console combat... we have so many things planned for the upcoming year.
Blasphemy! Attn. Guys! Danger, Danger...Melanie must be stopped! heheh. Excellent article. I encourage others to read it. :)
I love you dude
GAK Google + changed its look
#ThingsMyMomSays Don't tell them we tipped him
Let's go O's!
follow me
In Wilmington, DE. Think I'm grateful I don't live here.
I'm back...! I've been cheating on Twitter with Facebook!
everybody follow to Girl! :)x
Wait, wait, wait... Style still matters OUTSIDE of high school? Jeez, that's weird.
But im finallllllyyy home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Playing with my new kindle fire and loving it!!
Bacon, egg and cheese bagel would be nice right about now
Missed you on KDUS 1060AM today. You need to fill in for Bob Kemp when he is out.
0:52 left in the half. Pressure is on for the White squad. Gotta score here ... oh wait.
Lol it's May 11, 7-10PM. It's $5 to get in at the door, and it includes a glow stick. It's in the cafeteria.
Wow. The most popular Kindle titles available from the library are almost all romance novels, vampire fiction, or both.
Just arrived at Gordon Biersch in Rockville,MD. Dam good beer!
We have a strict "no middle launcher" rule for our kitchen.
City/County Homeless Consortium ironic mtg agenda for the day: Agenda-Announcements; Committee Reports; Networking & Sharing of Information
Happy Halloween you filthy animals...
me too.
Lyon claims that identification is based on premise that you understand the other person's mind. Hesford responds, "That's way beyond Burke"
It was Univ. of Penn. -- Penn State was were Paterno coached.
I'm thinking maybe I should be on Survivor. I think I would do ok on there. Or else they would HATE me and vote me out ASAP. Surely not.?
yah gonna finish XMAS shopping tomoro!! i miss KALIAH!
So nice to meet you...look forward to reading your EM tweets. Perhaps I'll be inspired to tweet more about it myself!
oh lawd.... What happened now, do I have to pulk out the inspector gadget kit
Thanks to my new followers and thanks for following!
makes 2 of us
Why does Twitter suggest that I follow almost every single member of the Jersey Shore? How does it know that's my guilty pleasure?
Wow thanks so much for the shout-out. Greatly appreciated.
Yeah! Corporate types like you sent jobs overseas for tax breaks and costs of labor and cost of production.
DJ Cyn spinnin at Copper Top right now bottom of peak 9 Beaver Run chair in Breck come say what up!
It just doesnt sound right to me.
A whole 5 years RT : How many years L&D/training/learning technologies experience do *you* have?
Oh! Yes please. Santigold has put out a new record. This is going to put some miles on my running shoes.
That phrase is rice krispies, not smacks. You fail.
lmao no he is mine hahaha
Watching Skins. Ahh the UK one is so much better. ^-^
wat up young blood
But yes, , this Super Moon is beautiful!
Out with spring styling in with #summer fun! Plan your summer jet set wardrobe with the experts at from Apr 25 to May 1
Absolutely... Please do.... Tell them you have been tweeting with us and we will take care of you!
Has anyone seen the movie Think Like a Man? What did you all think about it?
Time for Trivia Tuesday. Who's game?
Now you need to read Hunger Games!
Our #IWNY / Happy Hour tomorrow at Lair in Soho has exceeded expectations (125 RSVP's and counting)
Strength is worthless without endurance.
Doing well. Tuned in to Jakarta news. Will have you and the people of Indonesia in my thoughts. What have you been up to?
Pat the bat, you're too old to be making a mistake like that.
Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. Cake. #MyBirthday ^_^
I'm interested. Pros and cons here.
Officially finished the album! whew hew!! now it is off to my amazing mixing engineer then my awesome mastering engineer and then to you : )
Waiting to hear Bill Nye #NSTA rocks!! :)
There is not great talent without great will power. -Honore de Balzac
We're finishing up a research paper on the potential of the Long Tail in the music business. Look for it soon!
its no diffrent from normal sex it just makes it less awkward,the bonding after is incredible when both people are high tho
He read slow just like Harry would have.. lmao
No way, Blank Check is on! Haven't seen this movie since I was like 10.
feelings on Salmons??
And this is the part where I leave
How'd the interview go?
- Happy Easter!
Again, ABQ City Council deciding whether to fund 50 million for Paseo I-25 project. Some councilors want voters to decide the funding issue.
On a sour note for #UMass, Chaz Williams just picked up his 3rd foul on a charge. 31-29 #Stanford with 3:31 to play.
I love art..really.. I Would love to have time to finish my painting.
Out in Scarboro too! RT : No power in
GEORGE VS. OVERLAND GAME IM IN THERE
It's Raining On My Road Trip Back Home... Praying For My Family Safety...
Creating Your First Scrapbook ...
TWITCH!!! omg
lexis the meanest person ever
haha oh man
Happy New Year, everyone :) Hope it's a beautiful one for all of us.
ayo brah wass poppin, i got my phone back , so tht means im back on twitter
On my way to Chicago, this Finna be a long ride. With NO wifi !!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
Quick poll: Am I the only one who hates penthieves? You know, people who always borrow your pens n never give em back (or worse chew on em)!
Hi Jeff, thanks for the RT - much appreciated!
damn I've got some catching up to do!!!
The Heat so stressful bruh
I think my 20lb purse may have finally broken my shoulder today. Time to unpack a few things.
it's going forward-ish, but not as fast as I hoped. How are you doing?
And with that Chuckie Cheese tweet I went to 15k tweets. Do I get some sort of badge for that?
Can't talk or hear anything
yeah y?
(d) Golden Girls by Hilarious Old People
SOPA blackout day means no Reddit means a lot of FIFA12. holdplz on XBL holler
Great stuff this week from and of course our friends at
#VERGECON: Impending study: 20% energy use at home completely wasted. Via panel.
I'M SO HUNGRY
Showing love on ur page
Sometimes I do not disagree with this. I tend to have a lot of the 'how in the F did that happen' moments. :)
oh ya, and btw, if you feel a panic attack coming on... DEAL WITH IT!!! Calling 911 will only stress you out more!
“: i really need at rane 57. anyone wanna donate to the cause?” BITCH YOU WASNT WITH ME SHOOTING IN THE GYM
You have TWO televisions stacked in the same room? O_o
Seeing tomorrow! HELL YEAH and !
Its time for # radio and some #1940census fun!
I do!
Right!? Love her.
Tuli Kupferberg: When patterns are broken, new worlds emerge.
Yes. Michael bachelier is my facebook name
found it :-) I wonder if watches it since it is the Justice League...
I am responsible for what I say. I'm not responsible for what you understand.
Tolbert for a 7 yd gain. But holding on the Chargers. 10 yard penalty on Gaither.
I worry that Occupy never reached sufficient clarity to overcome this kind of recreational rioter bullshit.
April 20th needs to come faster! I can't wait to run the streets of Chicago, and le tthe world know about Kony!
where&#39;s that list of names?
Most Natural thing to do for babies. More power to all mothers.
Today? I tackle the big bad monster in my garage. Otherwise known as outgrown baby clothes.
You're hanging with Tina Fey and the President!
Smh that feeling
So ready to have mon-fri off from work.
I despise Mondays. -_-
Clean slate with good bones, to use a very mixed metaphor.
Yes people we have finished our music video be on the look out !:)
Watching some #Oscar caliber acting on #WWE Smackdown.
They have trees in Phoenix? As an East Coaster, I always thought it was just cactus and dust out there.
Can't worry about getting lynched if you're not worrying about ur own comfort. No place for selflessness in that defined dream.
great saving on hair extensions this month call Susan @ salon 617-389-1900 or email me
Somebody interesting text me.
then get a life wat ya prob
Showtime Dance Shoes is coming to CCB today from 11-6. Drop in to try on a range of styles for both men and women!
"Her moma said, "Don't eat with you fingers." "OK," said Ridiculous Rose, So she ate with her toes!" - Shel Silverstein
Took my mom out for sushi. Aka continues to let me down but at least my mom enjoyed it.
Many thanks to Action Imaging Group for taking the initiative to print thousands of fliers today. -Steve
No surprise there. If Yo/Zack struggles during the season, could Wolf be placed between them?
I was born to diiiiiieeeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeee, i was born to diiiiieeeeee
we're having TOO much fun! With fake gosling. And yes I've cleared my calendar for you :)
oh, on facebook!
In need of a job...
Like daily deals? Check out this Latino #Austin version:
I know I've been sleeping all day.
Thnx...No Pressure...if you can't no big deal :)
hey beautiful.. I won't be able to make it to your graduation :((
Nothing says summer like a BLT!
Should be fixed! Sorry about that.
A guy is singing Storm Warning on American Idol! :D
Hope you and are doing well. :)
Have you ever touched an alpaca before? Stop by #stylemax booth 1074 to try it out. Once you go alpaca, you never go backa!
Text my number is 9162560084
Looking forward to seeing tonight at the Beacon. It's been too long!
More office building construction, getting high off of spray paint fumes...
If everybodies a. Boss then who's really working
All new! L.A Kush is in-stock, and on the shelf. Come and get it
RT "If u spend 15 min.planning your day on paper every morning, you will add 20% to your productivity" It works!
My mom wants to move to #Hawaii count me in!(:
Happy Birthday! Woo 21!!! Get drunk!!!! Don't drive!!! YEAH Woo!!!
Sometimes God doesn't give you what you want, not because you don't deserve it, but because you deserve better.
Trues. RT : Lies! RT : In 1918 it was decided that for new babies, pink was for boys and blue was for girls. In 1940 i
what's his deal?
Cardio Barre kicked my ass this morning!
RT Just accidentally threw an 'xo' in a text to a dude. Guess I have to fuck him now.
Another great #EMAC quote from : Technology is a continuation of human evolution.
thank goodness ;-)
What deals are you excited to pick up at Pick 'n Save today?
Last night in Boston also means last night checking Grindr.
Be you...even if there's nothing "complexed" about u!
Yeah, it went from like 100 hits to almost 400. It must be linked somewhere, but I can't find it.
G. M. Trevelyan~ Disinterested intellectual curiosity is the life blood of real civilization.
I wasn't quite sold when Gwyneth promoted it, but then sung its praises, and I had to get one!
Good Luck at St.Baldrick's Event on Sat! Raise LOTS of Ca$$$h!
Kuf Knots, Levee Drivers tonight!
There are two ways of spreading light. To be the candle, or the mirror that reflects it ~ Edith Wharton.
Bill Flanagan and tribute Levon Helm. Great piece. Well done.
business : If Twitter were high school #Gemini would have the lowdown on who's cool and who's not and they of course would be cool
thanks to for you donation!! #pittsburgh takes care of
I don't think so!! LOL
oh yes they are!
you're welcome :)
They will! I can feel it(:
Are you using AIDA in your event strategy? It stands for Attention, Interest, Desire and Action.
Terrific Thusday Hello to #followers @ elesha
What films are you checking out this weekend? We will be hanging out at the , let us know if you are too!
I will! Good advice!
If you're looking to dance to great electronica beats, catch Balkan Beat Box at Speakeasy on Friday @ 12:45am
Sat Feb 25: W. Biddle St will be closed to traffic between Charles St and Maryland Ave from 4:00 a.m. until 3:00 p.m. for a crane operation.
Trying very hard not to be practical!!!!!
fuck, i dropped my chicken nugget.
did u check the music out
I wish i didnt go to mexico in the summer and everything would be perfect! </3
A Real Boyfriend Will NEVER Make His Girlfriend Feel Like She's In Competition With Another Girl .
Mini Taco Bowls
Literally surrounded by iphones on the t right now while i text on my nonsmart phone
Well how dare you.
I love u I even made a poem about u and their gonna get it published + I live in las vegas that = happy :-)
The Space Between Trees by Katie Williams is superb.
i don't say your amazing just cause I'm a fan, I'm a fan because your amazing. Never forget, love you .x
i don't really start talking about football until week 6 anyway because its always to early to call anything before then anyway
It is amazing! We're in the Village, just below Union Square, the high school is on Astor Place. Incredible location.
dying over here
it hurt letting go wen you the only nigga i no !
And who got the best assignment MT Congrats 's Newt embed who delivered entertaining primary dispatches!
Back to the real world tomorrow. Bah.
RT : There is no point in carrying the ball until you learn where the goal line is. -Unknown
One word... BUCKEYES!!!!!
you work at CVS right
beach date sound fabulous dahlin (british accent)
ty ur kind 2 say that i did my best w/them both
As part of the Planning Committee, I am looking forward to introducing speakers at the Oregon Tax Institute this week.
True RT : Next year, XU-UC hoop game should be canceled. Players should go to watch Army-Navy game. They'd learn real toughness.
and that we will definitely do...
LoL I have a funny feeling there would be little room to maneuver if the rest of the #CumberCougars joined us! XD
Jeez whatca doing this summer RT : two more years friend!
Working HARD today on #OMPF , our first time coming to Atlanta! Can't wait to see what comes up!
Thank you. It's been a great run.
"But waft the angel on her flight with a paean of old days!"
YOS & DYC use different methods to calculate their recidivism rates - so comparing their rates is comparing apples to oranges
Save the library rally Highland and Sunset this Friday. Come by after work! Foodtrucks come feed us!
Will somebody please explain to me why so many people are so fidgety? Seems like i am the only person I know who can sit still!
Thanks for the follow, Terri Wonderful photo with your kitty!
I missed playing with you guys!
I just witnessed a bird on bird murder, I didn't know crows ate other birds! :( <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A6><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A4>
no not yet. week of the 14th i def will
I may have a lot of friends but there's a few people that I can trust.
oh man. i just got a craving for a cookie!
They put on an awesome live show - have a great time man!
sexually frustrated as usual
yes, don't go to sleep cause I won't want to get out of bed at 4 am :). I'm thinking something old, not sure where.
Your tickets will be put on Will Call. All youll have to do is go to the ticket box & show them your ID. www.wearesocontagious.bigcartel.com
Exactly!! I doubt that I'm the only one who is "green" on the topic. I hope not anyway!
#tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them! #tyrantaylor sign them!
RT : The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.~ Buddha
Bullshit! When is the last time you saw me praise MAB? Or Guza? You know what, I need to stop because I'm LIVID right now
I've been trying for 2 years to make it to CC, & still have yet to get there-frustrating! Hope you get the barcode issue fixed :)
not just the sun making it shine!
really?! you're so lucky! we have 23!! june 7th... can't wait!
We loved having you!
#HateThatMomentWhere you see a crazy ass doll enter the train, and you think "God don't come next to me" and its like they heard you, and do
NBA looks to be back!
Not sure if i'll ever be forgiven for scheduling a flight during #openingday. Hello friends! Miss you!
that didn't even make sense. If you keep tweeting things like that, I'm gonna have your sister suspend you again!
Happiest weekend - loved running my first 5k and getting QT w/
I hear that there are loop holes around the buffet rule! All smoke and mirrors for the sheeple, to steal votes with lies!
Yay! I can finally watch it! And you and I *have* to meet someday. We could have a 4-day movie/TV/book marathon! :)
see you can never get sad cause its sadening :D if that makes sense
thanks, teen!
twitter tweets
Missed you last week...hope to see you this week!
you can't find that I think you need a google map haha...ball out!
July 9, 2012 will mark 50 years since the Civil Rights Education marches in Englewood. Shepherd v. Board of Education
ok.. im freaking out. .___. i need to get my hair done before 7. and it's not curling. my hair is a little bitch
Today will be #agreatplacetogrow confused and upset when belleview residents google
Rest up and get better Gonzo!
Headed up to Red Star to pretend like I am in Mexico for a bit.
I didn't recognize myself in my TL , Lol .. Thanks (: I love yours ! Has my beehbay !
So what happens when a bully commits suicide because of the anti-bullying campaign?
Watching extreme makeover weight loss for the first time. Heart wrenching but so inspiring!
cool! rules.
RT Pedroia: "Every day I've got to bring energy to the team. That's my job. I've got to get on base and score runs."
I'm reading all these reports that say neither LA team will advance to the Western Conference Finals..
Damn. That was my favorite...err...2nd most favorite part of the 500. Oh well. I hope he's doing ok, though.
Woke up on sam's couch. Skirt messed up, makeup smeared, and hair a mess lol but I had fun(:
Hey, Vanilla Ice, ur a great rapper!!!!!
Ah! thanks!
I loved OF POSEIDON too. , I'm a fan of English authors too!
Good ending, I can't wait to next Thursday...
Christ is our anchor!! I.A.N.A.T.D.
just got off work and gonna go finish watching game somewhere...where u be?
I like to take risks but man does it make me nervous! Knots in my stomach about 2nites show
Please note all UE Twitter giveaways have ended as the deadlines have passed. New giveaways coming soon.
*Sad depressed quote that has 50+ RT's*
aight dude i gotchu. i'm real low on funds at the moment. How expensive is your studio time?
Thanks for Retweeting us!
#FollowReader Greg's bringing cigars, I hear.
your welcome.
Watchin' Scary Movie ! Lmfaao! i love this movies :D
Kids listen to "'Twas the night before Thanksgiving" and make turkey-shaped cookies today, 11am & 2pm, $3 with admission!
Thanks to for the follow! Build a large following through permission text messaging. Ask us how 918-271-0062.
lol, every time I go to retweet you I forget I cant
i love 's energy! she's beautiful!
I'm still trying to work on my second lol RT I could easily see Avengers a third time
awww that sukkz ..i dont know how to do it then ../: poo..
Why do I watch this show
Time to put away the plastic Santa's, and the messy tree. Turn the machines on and get back to work from today 3rd Jan 2012.
....an he mustve asked my at lest 3 time how to spell Bieber...finally found the CD after abt 5 minutes ahah
I really want to go rock climbing and zip lining at the gorge now
Cheers to a fabulous Friday! I have a few projects going, and a new custom order to start next week. I'll be finishing the tree first!
And I'll never hold it against you.
Just hopes that you're not sweltering in the heat! Stay cool patients! www.3cpdx.com
don't you hate when you want 2 be nice to your parents they think that you want something! just cuz I'm broke don't mean I want money mom !
Just walked out of a movie halfway through don't think I've ever done that... Save yourself $7 and DON'T see The Sitter
VERY excited for and
thanks dude I guess I'll wait patiently
Thank you for following!
Fina get my work out on .... !
I love my sister <3
Yeah seriously... Who cares?
Off too Attica prison
Love it: RT : Warmer weather means food trucks are out in full force
2 day hair modeling gig starts today. Pics to follow.
You got it!
Don't trust people
Sorry I'm hardly ever on this account... Not that any of you miss me anyway :L
: We don't know what we can do, and the comp sci's don't know what we want to do. Disconnect. #thatcamptx ..sounds about right :-)
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Crest Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Packer are 8-0. Looking real good to run the NFC North!
WEAC will be endorsing Falk early next week. Hopefully they save their money for the general election and don't use it beating up Barrett.
Penn State is beating Pitt at the expo 8 to 1...COME ON PITT!
Im sorry about what evr it is :/ good luck see ya later!
Headed to to pick up some new furniture for our office!
Happy Birthday to and , and ME ( :
Are you enjoying your leap day? Doing anything special to celebrate your extra day?
Easter egg hunts for adults would be great ways to launder money.
Philly Flyers still suck. Just give the devils penalties until they score and win.
The hardest the battle, the sweetest the victory.....Niwo
thanks. I'm 40 with two car seats in the back and I keep it on the DL
Graphic novel version of "The Girl Who Owned a City"? You go #lernerbooks !
Mom: How's your arm? Are you gonna have a scar? Me: Yeah. Mom: Ugh, with your scars and tattoos you're gonna look disgusting! Me: ...Thanks.
Just made my dad buy a 1D cd but I already have it lol.
club butter best club in charlotte by far #clt last nite was ridic
gender smoothies, gender priuses, gender tauruses --- new gender performances introduced by diane
Where did the shift go? Happy Tuesday everyone -- enjoy it as I catch some z's!
Help #BostonOnTheRun get to 400 followers!! You guys are the best fans ever!!
There is a reason I don't share what I'm listening to on Spotify w/ the world. Some of that stuff is embarrassing.
I think I just missed it. :-/ I'll pop back out later and try again.
oh ok sorry for hearing that. I have a bad sore throat. Tonsils are swollen
#DidYouKnow The human body's five senses are the muse of Puzhen's Aroma Diffusers? Evoke Your Five Senses, bringing you a balance in life.
Watching Step Brothers& eaten chocolate peanut butter ice-cream w/ Mom&Brother. Picture comments&i 'll return the favor. Text?
Hey man check your ps3 for a message from me or follow me would like to chat!!
did you just leave ?
LMAO. It had to be done this way!! One might even say I'm like a Mother bird, I had to let you fly on your own first! Lol
Whoppi! Good job on Glee, I don't watch the show. Tuned in to watch u.
that place RULES. My favorite atx pizza.
Thank u both for letting me stand on ur shoulders. MT ...thanks for ur leadership. I'm glad to be part of the effort.
Me and Morgan Ben in ha hospital for two days I would call ha daddy but it's pointless I'm getting ready to b a mother and father
Agree to disagree? How about we both agree you shut your fucking mouth. AGREED!
no, thank you! The response to your preso has been overwhelmingly positive. Thank you for sharing your insights with us!
Haha yeah he reloads, but I want to see how many arrows he has compared to how many he shoots.
I wish. I'm in Portland today.
2 seats left for the vegan dessert class this sunday in Oakland. join us?
Other than attending past State of the Unions and expressing an interest in running for office?
Having no intention of going to a Facebook event... but still clicking "maybe" anyway so you don't look like a mean cunt :D.
Oh dear god. I though I left my cheez-its in the car and i almost started crying.
I did :) I'm so happy u started using twitter :)
at least you listen to good music lol
Contractor: Multidimensionality allows us to ID structures in networks... develop new theories about how people work with tech
Way to go #Badgers!! Good win today!
I once dated 25 women at once and got annoyed when they all started to cycle together. I vowed never to take my talents to the Bachelor.
Day one with the smart phone: minor struggles. Needed a teenager's help.
I agree! Boehner is a slimy snake who lies to ruin our Country! It's exhausting to even watch those fools! Nothing positive, ever!
NO FUCK CHELSEA!!!
O heck yes! I'm stoked! Now its a party!
If you were born in '96, you most definitely should not consider yourself a "'90's kid".
Queueing up Pandora Pro (no ads) streaming on my iPhone - "ambient dreams" station. My dreams are always a bit difft with all night music
park at the government center and take a free shuttle over!
RT : I'll be back later...keep the shoutous going! Still along way from 1000 Winner receives a Play-On bracelet
My cousin and I retired three consecutive Sunday school teachers during those years, too.
Even though the RAVENS ,JOE FLACCO PUT ALL THE CRIDICTS TO BED
iPhone just autocorrected harvard to 'garbage.'
Fucking hate mixed emotions.
i'm waiting for the day when i can say, "show me only the parts with Estonian athletes" +and.. play+
Truly sad news....a huge loss to #archaeology and lithic studies...always a real no nonsense type of guy.
I would fall off a chair try'na clean my closet and hit my vagina.
Real loss that you no longer have Papandreou in power ... he's a man of integrity.
when I workout - it tends to tone more than just the area I target - but we all have diff goals.I've been losing overall
Science works to make the messy simpler. Rhetoric works to make the simple messier. Wonder why?
it's so easy debi. RT everything too
Oh really i never saw you at hami! what grade are you in?
It's hot as hell! And rain makes it no better;
what are you up to ?
Steeling myself for a screening of Boys Don't Cry. Been a while.
Thanks for the tweet about CCSi's Manju Bewtra! Would you be interested in having me coordinate an interview? Thanks again!
I'm sorry. There are 20 of us in Portland alone who went to HS in geebz or college in mke. Some close friends locked out.
have safe travels back!
hitting the Napoli vs inter Milan game Sunday, I'll let you soccer homers know how it goes
“: You're immature as hell if you still say YOLO.”
That is so perplexing - I just don't get the bark collar.
Spätzle made with matzo meal is perfectly adequate.
#MadMen gave fans a lot of what we want and still managed to surprise and never pander.
I guess you're right, fantastic! Opening up the jar again.
miss you too friend ! Let's hangout next week ?
hmm... seems a modern python-mode is essential.
My sister taught me to drive in a Honda Civic. A few years back of course, haha :)
Hard reset or connect it via ethernet and check for updates. That should help connection issues in the meantime.
Words with Friends. RT : Is Biden texting from a phone in his lap...?
need time to my emotions out
Doe Bay too small & exclusive & not widely known enough. I used fests I cover & my readers are likely to attend
GROSS right?! I wanted to throw up :c
Write a letter to an Angel,place it upon your alter and believe.
Q5 via : Where is the best place you have slept out under the stars?
Pittsburgh talent- be sure to send in your submissions for Monongahela this week - last call Oct. 28th !
you should follow and I'll call you tomorrow and #japaneseglassball! yay Dad!
WAT IT DO FOLKS
too much pizza....oh god.
If you don't like me crying when you spill milk then you're probably not going to enjoy getting strangled when you knock over my beer.
haha welcome back(x
@ roebling tea room. We got here at 2pm. Got seated at 2:50pm. Ordered immediately. Food is STILL not here. We are dying...
so sorry Sherri...will keep u all in my prayers...
Hi everyone, what does UK's nuts taste like?
Some bitches just ain't photogenic . It's okay doe .
Next stop... Pismo Beach!!! See you next week PHX!
"Dear George, remember no man is a failure who has friends. Thanks for the wings, Love Clarence."~
(AP) Attorney for Bobby Brown enters no contest plea for the singer to 1 count of drunken driving stemming from arrest last month.
": next time make a bigger pot of greens..." Whtever next time make YO OWN GREENS..
Follow Back?
“: idiot” bite your tongue woman
When you are in bed, you are dead.
Food notes: Mexican in Phoenixville; more Di Bruno's; gone to the dogs Norristown's Michoacana expands, and so does the gourmet retailer
i sent u a DM
I'm grumpy right now ! :(
the hunger games soundtrack > ... perfect for listening to before bed.
So ready for Warped Tour, swimming, concerts, parties, BRING ON THE SUMMER
Yea its sunset place
Tk u all! RT : A great miscellaneous bunch #FF:
: Whenever I delete text messages, I feel like I’m deleting evidence.
please call off the baby seal slaughter in Canada. This has gone on too long. Thank you!
What a day!!!
"We are seeing that minority communities are going to be specifically impacted by new [voting] laws" Nicole Austin-Hillery, Brennan center
#Replace1Dlyricswithmexican I'm here 2 make a dollar outta 15 cents and let my balls hang like I'm on the toilet takin a MEXICAN!!! ;-)p
Hey Tyler, how did you hackintosh your chromebook? Got a link?
Frosty, bro
Thanks for the heads up;) We've been seeing them everywhere again ;)
Fixed. My bad Shipman I didn't know your twitter pseudonym.
I like children - fried.
Sen. Cardin just wrapped up remarks; going to grab him for a quick interview and then start putting stuff together for the 11
you're up! thanks for reading.
Hey , check out your featured tweets in our latest edition!
that's right
partnered with & & & more to bring #ebiznow Philadelphia event
Espresso bar open now until later. All that's missing is you.
thank you so much- that was such a sweet card!
": your face !" Is Beautiful. Thanks hun, tell it again.
Chill day..
MY FRIEND JUST ASKED ME THE HRADEST Q EVER: WHO CAN RAP BETTER OR ? I STEEL CANT ANSWER
Oh hey life, I didn't see you there behind all that school...
I made the mistake of going into Abercrombie and Fitch yesterday. I still smell like that damn cologne they spray everywhere. Blech.
What are you planning for May? Over on this month we're Setting the Record Straight: Combatting Myths, Misconceptions, & Stigma.
Other people's success doesn't make you small. Being jealous of their success does.
Just an idea. Where do you live again?
Turned down an actor for rep. His name was Ryan. No papers to work here in the states. Now he is on a little show called True Blood. Whoops
next weekend! Poppin' my #Vegas cherry :)
About to start taping for a documentary talking about George Foreman. Great man and great fighter.
Is it sad that I need to take a nap before our NYE party?
aww u know your tweet to me made me smile thanks <3 I love u so much and thats all so true <3
What the fuck. I love Eric Church. Why did he have to say those things about ?
OR THAT ONE>>>>>>GRRRR Printer I will beat you~
thank you so much for coming out to support NYC today!
Henry! Henry!
whats the matter with that?
Thanks for all the birthday wishes, and screw everyone that forgot. :-D
These are but trifles, to be sure; but, scattered along life's pathway, the good they do is inconceivable
amen to that
Did someone say arepas? I die for arepas!
hey dis a friend of AJ(Angelo Capriotti)he locked and been tryna get at you hit him wit a letter {doc#386772}
#backinelementaryschool and I got in our first and only fight over a swing at recess.
I knew it wouldn't happen lol
One night in Tokyo - where ought I go-go?
Gallup Daily Tracking has Obama +7 over Romney. Guess they fixed the outliers in their own poll!
I forgot about that one
roshon is going to follow the person who tweets the most people to follow him so get tweeting girl!
RT : So many great #education programs and start-ups founded and run by young Philadelphians. Bright future for ed in #Philly!
Bassi mom has got it going on!.
Sore throat? Try boiling orange peel, a bit of ginger, fresh mint, and brown sugar together. Drink it throughout the day. Feel better fast!
Hi Rob, thank you for the kind words and we look forward to your next visit!
Well they found 2 ulcers but says they will heal with medication and due back in 2 weeks.
it was crying lol
I AM LIVING AN ALGEBRA NIGHTMARE
good morning (:
what's good boss..
oh yeah, we both are!
I skipped cscw this year (working on advancement and all) but sent 3 things to Chi, and am working on one for ICWSM right now
Shoutouts for shoutouts anyone? Please? It would mean the world! I follow EVERYONE back no matter what!(:
my own acc :D () We Love Austin
OR-7, 1st wolf in Calif in 87 yrs, goes home to Oregon after 1,000 miles across hwys, deserts+ mtns, to find mate and new home.
dreams are not for NOW they are for your FUTURE.
That moment when you think a celebrity is dead.. then you find out they aren't. :P
Video: Ricky Gervais on animated HBO series, his humor
We are waiting on pictures and videos to surface right now. We are mainly stoked about the head shave by Jordan Enriquez during Fat Lip.
AND YOU'RE SO CHILL
Happy Birthday to Home Brewed's own ! Have a "drank" in her honor today!
#GoTribe Think im finna gone go to sleep
hello? Testing, testing. Echo! Echo!
Louis CK gives a more realistic interpretation of parenting than any mommy blog
Please don't give in to Obama to further strangle the economy by more taxes, just cut the spending. Keep it simple.
And seriously, I know celebrities and athletes seem to have far more follows. So I can't have that? I'm the diva of Ferndale!
great job
Congratulations Principal Rick Westfall! You will be missed at Keller HS. Good Luck as Chief Learning Officer in the GCISD.
Jesus spoke..., "I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will never walk in darkness, but will have the light of life." John 8:12
I'll think of you while I'm sampling cold frothy glasses of heaven.
where my at??
Cant put Bruce Votto back to back. But u can put Rolen & Ludwick b2b.
I do!! Hah
Kudos! end of an Era! awesome 8yrs watching y'all!! Sad night! Epic ending for a MOVIE!
This is why they cannot connect they are afraid to risk RT : Too many teachers gripped by a fear of "getting it wrong?"
I use a stationary trainer,not a stationary bike.I do structured workouts (e.g., ). I watch crappy movies. 1/2
At Miami airport waiting for my flight back to Berlin. Had a wicked vacation in sunny Florida.
Hahaha omg that would be too funny XD
Gotta love when the bathroom door doesn't lock... And your in the handicap one.... Yah bad idea
:) “: Don't bring yourself down thinking about yesterday. Focus on what you can do today to change your life for the better!”
My neighbor just asked me over for dinner. But I said no. His name is Dusk.
Oh Kobe go play 2nite...
Just picked up a free poster a free mason jar and a pint of Waldo's Special at ! Free bluegrass music too!
AH, BITCH!!!!! Rawr!! meanie,i cant lie t you even once D:
Barbara Streisand singing Rodgers & Hammerstein's show tune "You'll Never Walk Alone." A great performance!... fb.me/10FYexgJu
Third Suggestion, Check your schedules with each other and surprise your love with a trip to his/her favorite restaurant during the week.
bitches ain't shit and they ain't saying nothing.
Holocaust Remembrance Day <3
good, then it means it's totally worth it!
justin asked me to ask you if you can be in his new "boyfriend" video afterall, it IS dedicated to you ya know:)
DC: Fenty keeps screaming about GRAY's tour at DHS. while serving as TRUSTEE; didn't FENTY steal money from an elderly man? Of course he did
Yup - back to HK for me in early December, then again in late December to pick-up parts for CES. All part of the gig :)
Starts at 6:30. Visit Rangers web site for more details.
I love the smell of napalm in the afternoon.
We don't have to do it, let's just get naked and see what happens.
...Notta Worm. Very effective when the bite is tough. Apparently never caught on, though.
I really need to stop betting on preseason baseball
thanks Chris .. more than me, I promise you!
Yeah, me too! Sounds good. :)
Go Follow ASAP
It's gonna be off the chain
Thanks for following.
i see ur tweeting ALL ur fanz thats good u keep in contact with them follow me:)
Slept well and ready to learn! :))
one band you'd wanna tour with?
Amazing how the Lord can use books of all sorts to speak to our condition.
Just bought Patrice ONeal's Mr. P on iTunes.Any fan should do the same. HILARIOUS!Proceeds go to his fam
i had such a grand plan last night that today i would clean the whole house and go to the gym - but i havent moved from my desk since 8am :/
I thought of that after I tweeted. Kinda a sales killer, no?
sounds like she is wise and funny, good combo!
u still high...... lol Beam me up Scottie
I can't do tht I'd b to tired
NASCAR JEFF GORDON OFFICIAL LOGO 3" REFLECTIVE DECAL
explaining the draw process.... more to come soon!!
Sir John Burn If you're over 50 taking aspirin reduces risk of cancer more than just about anything else
Do not depend on others to write for you for free
She's an australian shepherd/poodle mix
Going to eat Mexican foot in honor of cinco de mayo!! :))
Good job Giants!
If you want to make radical change you have to know where the engine is--Carl Davidson
Do you have a Facebook? I'll add you there
#fuck 45 page operation and maintenance manuals.
but why tho lol, who pissed you off now
I like the John Tesh radio show. So what... Wanna fight about it??
Am I really at a point in my life where I can't finish a package of M&M's without getting sick of them?
outside of I only shoot film (unless I'm getting paid). I take my 35mm everywhere and just bought a new one. So, YEAH!
uploading & downloading images, documents; creating projects, tasks, messages. So far, all systems okay.
I always wanted to be able to walk into a place and say "the usual." I just hoped it wouldn't be 7-11 for Mike's Hard Lemonade and Charmin.
it's true
I'm sorry. I love you
K thanks!
DJ MOMA & DJ JIMMY DA GENT bringin out the storm on the turntables tonight at Tillman's!
one day we'll have an extremely cheesy romcom marathon and it will be bomb
When guys act like pigs <<<<
What applications do you use to organize your life? We like to used to keep files in order and to share notes and ideas.
this guy is too attractive to have such a weird father...
I jst turned dat frown right back up side down.
Of course :)
awww that's so sweet :) like really really sweet!
Studio, I miss you!!!!
"Many fine things can be done in a day if you don't always make that day tomorrow."
at #BarLubitsch ....shooting, not drinking. unfortunately.
smh yeah lol and okay bro Dm your number
Happy Gold Card Week! On top of great savings, you could win a free Kirstie Alley's Organic Liaison™ Rescue Me™ Kit (Retai Value $159.99)
Thanks for following my twitter Moby. We have similar passions, let us both prosper in living our dreams.
A brandname for a business is like a reputation for someone. You gain name by attempting to do tricky things effectively.
My sister ran the second half marathon in her life today in time 2 h 3 minutes!! That's amazing! Congrats sis!!
What up Shaun! Okay, the only reason I'm passing is I doubt their comfort. Otherwise, I would rock them.
girl I'm already back in Va lol. I literally dropped her off and turned right back around
Free Zumba classes , contact for more info!
A few of our employees' goals... "introduce myself to a new hobby" "spend more time with my family" "teach my boys who to ride their...
I got pretty features, did you major in photography? well I did & fuck that noise; ima self taught prodigy.
Your love is like fire that burns for all to see
Mashup. Music without commercial interruption. Take that, Youtube.
obligatory San Diego has better weather joke
Just do it bro.
#MOBConf attendees stop by my table for a 5% discount on any service I provide for you before 12/31/10
I'm on board with that. RT : Tweet less.....Do more.
hah. All of the above
Yay!! What a great day!!! Audition, Class, Got a call for a new audition, Call sheet for work on The Reunion, Plus Stand-in work for tom!!!
I just wish you knew that you never leave my mind
haha sweet. We have a deal :)
Excited to be chatting with you on your show in just a few minutes!
Please believe the lord tells no lies he'll pull the shade up for you and reveal the truth the day you choose to stop believing lies.
I need a spring getaway to escape my annoying cockateil and the dirty laundry. Then maybe he will finally learn to clean.
Interesting - I couldn't find any references to the terms right-sourcing and niche-sourcing before around 2002.
I've been to a few Wednesday's and now two SNS's in a row.. Well worth my money and great family atmosphere...
so what is IrelandDay2012? i've seen tweets but am not quite sure
Final screening of Rice's documentary class and one of my students picked me as a subject. Nervous.
I hate TicketMaster. Seriously, $8 service charge for $13 tickets, plus an extra $2.50 for the privilege of printing my own tix? Ridiculous.
Absolutely! Have already been spreading the word.
Lol LA don't want this game. Not one bit. Unless kobe come out beasting, its a wrap.
I want so much to open your eyes cause I need you to look into mine
No not yet. I want to come this summer.
Yes I did just hurt my finger opening a bottle of gin. But I got that bitch open!
if your an emily blunt fan you defiantly have to check out Wild Target. Its so funny
yea I miss him so badly..but my parents, just a little.. #imAgoodDaughter.. too good for em!!
one more week of school, then spring break...this means promoting RDB..I want to get them known in Chicago! RDB Family
To be loved; what more can you ask for?
I'm finally getting to read something for school that I am excited about!!
All peeps. All the time.
Apparently, I have an iris defect. Just thought you should know.
no, too busy working to have my temper tantrum. I am however, off tonight. Hmm.
well I never received text message. Maybe she should check her sent messages because I think it never went through.
LOOK is following me again! My opinions must matter to him! Seriously though, I can't listen to 98.7 if you play Muse on repeat.
John The Savage, Animal Lover, Hot Coffin, Like Like The The The Death- tonight at 9!!!
joined and voted :P
holy shit you were by far the strongest contestant...you were the reason I watched the show..wrong decision
when everyone in the crowd is wearing a blue t-shirt for some reason i just want to turn the tv off.
Might go to scream it your in Milwaukee with Fuck yes ;)
Well I did some investigating on Twitter and I found out who you and Misha be fucking for rides in that Mercedes Benz.
If I were a shepherd, I would never take inventory of my flock for fear of falling asleep on the job
We are super heros from another world sent here to save the human race from the evil, power-hungry, self-centered enemy named Satan!
On this day in 1917, Billie Holiday was born Eleanora Fagan in Philadelphia, PA. Do you have a favorite Billie Holiday song?
Hey(: <Be.YOU.tiful>
We do have subscriptions available as PDF downloads, just no e-reader formats yet. But we're working on it! Hope to soon.
Looking back at all the memories i had at my school i dont want to leave
hosts complimentary beer bar @ Mad Thursdays @ Omalleys 2249 N. Lincoln. providing the sounds. get here early!!
Tyga "rack city" its still not a real word
Line 6 DL-4...more fun than me penis
RT : Check out this fascinating video of British beatniks c. 1960 talking about getting kicked out of a seaside town:...
#FF who is heading to morocco! Follow her adventure this wk.
If we could count every mistake we make, would it be more than the stars in the sky?
Best question a nonprofit can ask customers: "What's keeping you up at night?"
Selling Pre-Sales for our Backbooth show!!! Only 5 bux! hit us up!
Indeed they are! We'll install the tree at the top of the Needle later this month.
Hey there reginae this is Racheal. Give you mom my email address have her to contact me ...Thanks
awesome, thanks for the info
Okay. Just get here as soon as you can, please. I love you.
understood. Btw, is that you in that picture?
Then yes you have it all! :) I'm sure you'll have a great time. (Sorry about damage to back though! Try unicorn blood..) lol
love this song, but not this performance
I am about to stop reading the newspaper because it is nothing but bad news, or at least Middletown's is.
It is not illegal to go through your trash!
My mom just trolled me so hard.
the moment when you just dont give a fuck anymore
alright my parents wanted me to make sure I asked you beforw we went to disneyland
Was told today may need a 2nd bone and tissue graft in my mouth. Almost bled out, literally, during the 1st one so you can imagine my joy.
I love BabyShowers :)
NEVER! BWAHAHAHA :D
Did you know that thought the exam was easy and finished in 30 minutes?
It's beer thirty
Happy Birthday brody!!!!
I am so ecstatically not watching the Grammies nor The Mike Lovers. No sympathy necessary.
American Idol just isn't the same without Colton Dixon. I can't wait for him to break out in the Christian music industry!
I thought my bus driver just ran over somebody :/!!
YES,I really did
Especially in front of people I like :/
DC is amazing. I don't wanna leave. :(
I've tried and tried ever since elementary to ignore those jerks but its just gets to me sometimes
Who is Mariska's mother? I thought it was someone famous but I can't remember who it was.
"I know cooler heads are supposed to prevail, but am I the only one who really wants to see this?"
Planning a menu for "gringo de mayo".
#ConfessionTime I deleted U
they are still tasty. I should call them dinner, not fail!
Brandon Inge getting a hit was more far impressive than Max Scherzer's five innings of no-hit baseball.
because syllables don't really count when it's written or read? I've been thinking about this one a little too long. End.
leaving your footprints on the moon refers to the fulfilment of your God given purpose for your life
K enough confession from a Twiliholic....lol.
wow! Sounds like you survived! Are you still hiding in the tub?
maybe? I'm already having second thoughts ;)
Apparently, dashes mean nothing to you people.
I felt awful watching it. I thought they treated them like exotic zoo animals, not people!
I'm going to try making my own linoleum blocks for printing!
i could have guessed that.... i would of but it costs a little too much money sorry i forgot to tag you
i miss my mommy
#What2ChainzWouldSay I'm in the Game Life got yo girl higher than kite. She smell good and we ain't hood. *Drops mic* *yells* 2Chainz!!
“: Listening to #Detroit history on tour with :hive and Jeanette Pierce. Love #Detroit!”
happiness is a choice, and I'm making mine.
thank you :) x
Shoot us a message and we'll get you a quote on your next order. You won't regret it.
yo nugga.....why don't u wanna do photoshoot on Friday??....well tomorrow...ha
Think the last time the #Redskins did the 2 QB thing it was Heath Shuler/Gus Frerotte.
good for you! Refreshing to see matching actions and words match. It isn't bullying if they're carnal sinners. Did it feel good?
You are full of tips today! Thank you!! Off to buy my share of M&D products!
Ok Jesus.....show us YOU!.....not the other stuff...JUST YOU JESUS!..West A...ready!
Yep it was...I done #MoviePlex search and you was the only 1 of all twiiter users that came up...on the timeline search
Nice to run into in Rice Park today. What a great day for dining al fresco.
She bit me, fucking pussy cat.
bring it to the burgh!
Good choice!
...market mentalities. I think we academics need to be more engaged with the practicalities of making this happen.
DAD's Looking to Work From Home!!! author and resell my products online, ebooks and cd's free stuff for members 27.00 mo retweet please :)
good for you!!! <33
So happy that we're reducing taxes with no end to the spend. Kudos to both sides. You're both cowards. Act II begins.
RT : The beauty of truth: whether it is bad or good, it is liberating.
April Fools! Just kidding. Is your mind blown?
Yeah u right
#DAMM your twins look delicious :-)
Life is god!! :D
thanks for the follow also! :)
In the mood for some fruit
Ah my old hood. How I miss it.
#laarson dude, please don't mess with my street. I've got a bad case of insomnia and a Louisville slugger
happy birthday! Have a good one (:
Sleeping the whole flight, so didn't need much! Lol
Shar it's been so long since we seen each other since 1999 or 2000 I think. Last time I saw you was at HK party. God bless!
OPPORTUNITY is all around u... u just gotta keep ur eyes open.
but then ill have to start over at 0 followers.
its oka jus call me back
Someone help me I'm
Apparently, one of our herb walls made Food & Wine Magazine's June issue! I can't find anything on Google, so I am off to buy one & scan it
Zimmer u still love the lions?
praying for your Mom Mark.
I happen to like Barcelona better - but then again I 'm an art and architecture nerd!
We can report each hundred block but the more specific the information, the more thorough the inspection and follow-up. Thanks!
My jet lag driving is scary. I'm even scared. So, I believe I'll do Nashville drivers a favor & go home.
You can text? && laying down texting :)
have a great saturday!!!
Thanks for the support! James doesn't tweet, but I'll pass along the wishes.
I swear ill be in Dickson soon! I've just been really busy lately <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I am not going to trend anything to make austin stay. Be happy for him this is what he wants. He deserves everything. Its selfish be happy.
You' re welcome :)
I RTd it because I am too
“: So that "nap" I took @ 930 was not a good idea. Wide. awake.” << took one earlier that God will judge.
Andretti all day all night
I wanna go to one soon let's meet up one Friday
I have to wait for people to eat the chocolate covered raisins just to get the skittles.
oh hey, you should follow me because my cat said so.
Is there a reason i cant erase anything completely in art? These erasers just make everything smudge.
Got new phone. Lost all my contacts. Please send me your phone number..thank you.
I know! I'll never be a teenager again D:
Taker went down for a three count last night. The streak is over.
#4Wordsbeforesex are you ready for this?
So, so proud! Congrats Coach!! Nate McMillan named Western Conference coach of the month. Way to go Coach!
free business card design www.michaelcalixtro.com
Wow. Awesome. Were you sitting there the entire game?
Is there a (1) good (2) reasonably inexpensive (3) open to the public bookbinder/restorer in the DC area?
thanks. Its the pre-Bouchon lunch in Sonoma while on vacation.
that awkward moment when you wish you could get on the World Wide Wiz Web
Looking at twitter automation tools for clients. The data should make for a good blog post
i just let companies send me my next phone. ;)
Go get "inspired by the struggle" on itunes today!!
Dropping out or leaking out?
Earned my crafty nerd repair badge today. Cracked open my stereo receiver remote & fixed the volume control contacts. I win again, Santa.
aw. I miss you, too!
have you tried buying online? maybe I can recommend some stores for you. Follow me I need more followers :)
Woot! Woot! I'm done with my paper!!!
It's just the symptoms of a young love
Hope you like them! RT : WAY too excited about the package I just received from ! Vegan cookies just for me :)
Its always boring.
lol! That's one way to look at it!
I loved the voice of Jim Irwin
To the cpl who raced across the floor to swoop in & steal the bar seats in front of me, trust me, it's not worth losing ur dignity over.
Just had a fantastic ride! Gotta love Dusky. :) = 1 great way to sweat out a cold.
Playing solo @ Johnny Nicholas' Hill Top Cafe in Fredericksburg this Saturday, 6-10pm. If you haven't been to this place it's a must!
woke up this morning missed my bus got a ride sat in traffic. Arrived at work got on the elevator that said up it went down. Happy Monday
Children pack South Texas foster care systems after immigration enforcement ... - The American Independent
Get some World Piece this holiday season! www.cafepress.com/happytshirtco
We are taking a break to learn some new tunes. Now would be a good time to tell us your favorites. Thanks to everyone who came out Saturday
Can't live with it. Can't live without it. RT : Damn advertising.
...how old is the girl from 'modern family'?
Just got out of teen court. But man am I tired.
The way David Beckham says "strawberry banana smoothie" >
Twitter is messing up
Famous last words - My Chemical Romance
hows Brady's balls feel in your hands? (and i mean footballs and spirals ;)
#txla2012 is over. It was great but exhausting! Enjoyed year as Chair of NMRT but ready to be Past Chair, & reading ARCs I snagged.
All good things are worth the wait or so they say.
Ha , Don't Laugh cos I'm Special in a #GOODWAY ! haa .
The madness starts early on this day in Indy.
Made some Rotel and once again it was off the chain. Stuffed now! lol
made men - bunch of made ass niggas, when you're paid you're with some paid ass niggas !
that pic is awesome! I'm in love... :-)
"Justin is gay" ok, basically every song is singing about his love for a girl and he's dating Selena Gomez. How is he gay?
The DFW Career Expert is back in full swing, thanks for understanding while I was away... Feel free to contact me if you need advice.
yeah its fucked up doe!
Fear is priceless education
Lets hear it for our Philllies!
I sure do enjoy a great night out!
Dude, how do you NOT have a car?
so ur fb and twitter accounts r now connected?
Arkansas fires coach Bobby Petrino - Tucson Citizen
Thanks so much for the RT!
Green Bay Signs Undrafted, Ultra-Athletic Converted Basketball Player Dale Moss - Bleacher Report
all I need is a front porch, fenced yard and garage. ;-)
I have come to a conclusion that Black Men love hoes more than women w/ standards! I mean I see it all over from Cali to Ny
HAhA .....that's not true
Just cause you have curly hair doesn't mean youre jewish
<3! RT": Still something about this track that makes me dance yo This Love For You( Remix)"
people hear alot of off the wall shit nowadays .
thanks for the FF!!
SRO's tribute to Stevie Wonder is coming up! Join us this Saturday Oct 8th at the Moore Theatre. Tickets available at stgpresents.org
Thanks! So stoked for you I always love working with you guys.
Only good thing that came out of watching new #bachelorette on Monday: gift for my husband for Father's Day: pink button down & pink tie.
Check out our latest logo contest: Tiki Laser Tag www.brandninjas.com
#Actors - Need on-the-go access to industry resources? Download Actsophia for a comprehensive list of everything & everyone in the industry!
Seriously though. A breather is needed. Then Double OT. I can't believe this game!
I got the Fun Pass
A nigga cant even get somee Sex .
Great and you? :-)
Today has not been my day.. Hopefully tomorrow will be better!
i see everyday the fake people that try and act like friends just to try and get what they can out of me ...
Free throws once again doomed the Heat. Plus NO help from anyone other than Wade and James.
nothing like a good chat with , but i think i need a drink. margs soon? haha
Do you have any left over frozen milk you could put in a sippy?
You're the bomb, am I allowed to share this?
you'll be over it by mid-June. promise:)
. Good girls gonebad :)
oh. On twitter or in like real life
looks like you have time to take more photos!
I (to Maria E.): "Go act girlfriend, go act!"
whats good my dude
true haha:-P y nope I haven't gotten anything
From day 1 she's been my ray of of sunshine; the beaming smile & sunny disposition that never fails to punch through the darkest of clouds.
For sure! Check the pic I just posted :)
Great Work!
Happy Mother's Day! Its a beautiful day to treat Mom to Champagne and Oysters!
well I look forward to your tweets
Just overheard the table next to me, "the apocalypse is here, I dunno where you've been." why do we have to be so paranoid?!
i'm not just getting you cereal though... but i do know how much you love your fruity pebbles
yeah we do! Austin would be so happy if he got signed <U+2665> and he deserves it
that's right! Almost all of my coworkers could tell what happened this weekend by the smile on my face! ;)
haha gotta love it
It's my life..I do as i want, say what I please, and don't give a fuck what you think.
Boy, I totally misread "promo pic" on first glance and thought that was a *very* unusual request.
“Music is love in search of a word.” Sidonie Gabrielle
: Thanks! Just for that I will fully invest in you guys if I win ;-) May the luck of the Irish be with you. Powerball jackpot
Bonding night with the day care mommies... Some good old fashion fun with the grown-ups... holla!!
I hear there is a top notch valet right next to villa !
Hard to say-if they understand that comments are public, no problem. If they thought it was like a private email form, problem.
Having the special Wild Wolf brew made special for the #Cville Tom Tom festival
There are! Step aerobics and boxing are cool, but lately I've just been doing yoga and then jogging by the river.
Comfort and prosperity has never enriched the man as much as adversity has.
I am now a fan of the flat top thanks to
Finding a females with good conversation skills is tough..i found tho so I'm good<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
is going to tear down the roof at tomorrow! Buy your tickets and book your table before we sell out!
Tried to go fishing with my new pole. Gonna have to get a boat for catfishing.
Who is ready to get talk about how ridiculous the #NFLTop100 list is!
This is my new user name in case you were wondering where I went. Have a great weekend.
When tweets about relashionships and girls i wonder who he is talkin bout!?!?!? I wish it waz me :(
That is amazing! Let me know when you set a date, and the rest of the Twittersphere too. I want to listen!!!
you weren't kidding!
Next bf i get can't have a ghetto or a nosy mama
Note to self: plant flowers this spring to support declining bee population.
I feel like I will never get out of here! Argh!!!!
Brodus Clay being at #ExtremeRules makes me glad I didn't order it.
she's really old though !(: I don't think she does
Heading out... sunset dinner in Coronado! Have a GREAT weekend!
Looks amazing, can't wait! How was the stylist event on Sat? Xx
Happy Thanksgiving to all my Fellow Americans! What are you thankful for today?
Provide feedback quickly and frequently
Livestrong = "The phrase came out of 1000s of cancer patient interviews who were all "living strong" -
#nsnreview Loved that the voice coach had such a big role in the movie! She really took care of and his voice! Well done!
I sure hope <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> & where you stood to take the picture omfg too much sexiness to capture <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
omg hey phil
q5)step outside of the ID curricula and find relevant CS courses
Loyola undergraduates sharing videos they made to demonstrate neuropsychological disorders
We we're driving back to.our hotel. Yeesh RT A little saddened by current state of neglect to twitter.
THIS IS WHHYYYYY I SMILE
I Was Cracking Up At The Doctor's Office Thinking About, .... I'm Still Sick Though
LMAO RT : If you buy tampons for your girlfriend, they should give you a coupon for a blow job upon purchase.
dude your r awesome winning always can I get a rt back u r my role model tiger bloods winning
Just blew a 14 year olds mind. Played him gangstas paradise.
U coming to the shop 2day ? Bring them Ur2Girly accessories with you :)
Video of Bikini-Clad Kate Upton Doing &#39;Cat Daddy&#39; Dance Gets ...
How you? Long time. Enjoying the sun and work? :)
“ “ Confidence comes not from always being right but not fearing to be wrong.”” True!
You make me really happy, dude.
today, i found out you play soccer. im in love.
I wish…ha
Ever notice how many Rappers glorify Drunk Driving? I like how atleast Lil Jon says "I Don't know how the Hell I'm gettin Home"
Lacing up the you whole muthafucking nation. And we just getting started. One state at a time.
Actually it's R.J. the assistant manager! Pleasure to meet you!
like, your music you make?
Wow, I'm finally starting to understand sports! :)
Great job explaining to Piers the historical pain represented by what happened to Trayvon
Bout to make this move to Starkville in a min
Sure, . Come on. We'll see you home.
Yes and yes.
-Everyone Gives Up On Me. So I Wont Be Surprised If Yuh Do Tew .
Mr. Singer is back at the Nature Museum this Thursday March 1 (tomorrow) at 1:45 pm for a a special sing-a-long! #Free concert
Now you know how we feel. -___-
******SUPERBOWL SUNDAY********** ITS ALMOST TIME!! EATIN MY MAMA'S GOOD FOOD!! YEAH.. LETS GO
The probability that we may fail in the struggle oughtnot deter us fromsupport of a cause we believe to be just
Some #Texas #CRE pros from our List. #FF @
*me,watching Chopped* Host:chef Arlene, you have been chopped. Me:NO!
Work right now <<<<
Happy Easter everyone!!
Why 7:15? I thought we we're meeting AT Amaris' by 7?
The Jen Anthony show? Hope so!
My laptop is cool; you can swipe your fingerprint...
Well said. RT : Stays a four-possession game with the missed FG.
you're welcome:)
To Listen into SEPIA Radio from Facebook click the Live Radio button between the likes number and events.
IT'S OKAY, ANY SONGS WRITTEN OR SUNG BY YOU ARE AMAZING <3 #BELIEVE #REALTALK(:
I have that same GBA! However, I have a red GBASP.
my teacher let me drink my starbucks in class :) #win:)
Can't wait.
I would like to sleep tonight
I can't say this enough....Appreciation can make a day, even change a life. Your willingness to put it into words is all that is necessary!
Frank Foster played in smaller groups including his wife’s first cousin drummer Elvin Jones. He was in the band when I joined Elvin in 1971.
Another California hockey handle I like a lot ... ... joining , among others
Super-fun photo shoot with the adorable ! Looking forward to her show It's Davis!
Nothin like watchin #ForestGump studying for american history..seriously probably the best for this exam haha :)
I would believe only in a god that knows how to dance. ~Friedrich Nietzsche
any thoughts on the Toshiba ZL2? looks like a must have if you've got $10k laying around.
Cookin'. :) Came up with a fantastic orange chili sauce that goes wonderfully with grilled pork tenderloin. Nom nom nom.
Gonna be a busy one today. Ugh.
off 2 bed its been a long day gonna call it a night laterz dudes talk 2 yall later
I don't wanna miss him, but I do.
Why do I feel too old to go back to school...mentally I know I'm right around 21 still.
Thank you for showing us the airport.
lol I realized I didn't tag you I'm like what the heck.. Not cool bro!
I can't from my phone besides I only have 3;p
Not sure how I'm going to drive home... Just lost an arm and a leg at the gas pump.
queue the Jon Bryant music!
I know
If Twitter had existed in the 20th century, I imagine Truman Capote writing for the Plaza, Hemingway for the Ritz.
On this day let it be none that I did not smoke weed. Hahaha
RT : Let's declare a moratorium on saying something is confusing for researchers until we actually have data that says it is. Okay?
You know when you're getting molested? Yeah, it happened.
DONT PUT THEM ON HERE EITHER I KNOW WHERE YOU LIVE <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1> lmao
You're welcome. :)
who watched the superbowl?
Thanks John B. Menzer, Charles M. Sonsteby, Mike Greenwood, Philo T. Pappas and Paula A. Puleo, for ruining our thnxgiving. U working too?
Thank you again for joining.
Don't worry about a thing, cause every little thing is going to be alright! To all my friends that are having a hard time right now.
Do you like #Comedy in #Buffalo? if so, RT this! get your friends to follow !!
Just WATCHED On WORLDSTAR && She Got Me HORNY Af;
cheer soon<3
finally finished laundry…don't wanna go to work tomorrow...
Second burger is great! Thanks for the redo, You are redeemed :-)
Disappointed to see JDM on the bench once again...that is all.
Claim it! Your work, your dreams, your awesomeness!
The #redskins named #rg3 the starter. Too soon? How do you feel??
thanks again
RT : Anyone know a great and cheap co-working space in #Seattle that allows dogs?
love watching ppl (that i know) play sports live...esp basketball
Power outage in Burbank
No one on speed.. Picks Jeff!! What the hell is that all about!! Go24!!!
Man, "Battle Ship" looks like a stinker! Or should I say SINKER!
": I love how girls always wish they were boys. But I never once had a thought of being a girl."
By inside a server do you mean guest OS agent? If so, agree. How about at hypervisor level, ie. vib on esxi?
The official list is posted outside of the attendance office. If you are on there, you are all set.
i eat dirt
wheneva I cook, it has 2 b 4 me n som1 else...cuz by the time I finish cookin I'm not hungry anymore
please follow !
that's where i need to be
with a top ten finish! #illtakeit #goodjob!
My inspiration =Austin Carter Mahone <3
Wtf is with my dreams lately?!
Happy Birthday to the ! Congratulations on 9 great years in the Nashville community.
Just got an iPad...now what apps should I download???
If one of those skateboard bombers ever "hitches" a ride on my car they're gonna get a huge surprise in the form of BRAKES.
I am about to cap the day of with some movies from Netflix, any recommendation from anyone on a good movie to see on Netflix.
lol I don't like them... I mean, does he tweet out stuff that isn't vague philosophies about success? It's like zig ziglar
hope i get what?
It's #FollowFriday #FF So please go follow my awesome friends!!!
....the feeling is mutual!
RT : Visit www.bealsandabbate.com for preview of August 19th's show "Paintings & Sculptures" featuring Nordwall & Ethelbah!
Glad you are there! Love the photo. Look like the wall at our House!
“: is the ish on the Bartending tip! #Nice”u rock!!!!
Really? Not a single person in costume on the metro platform and my face is zombified
“ Red Sox may still want more in Theo Epstein compensation talks. Also, may ask Yankees to add to Babe Ruth compensation.”
The world is all starting to destroy and rebuild
Days when everybody pisses me off <<<<
Click that follow button!
Bitch learn how to take a mother fuciking joke or cry to someone who gives a fuck
I actually hate Kerr's stories.
did you like the clock i made you i sent you picture(:
And I'm still in love, just when it's that real is when it doesn't fade
kinda like the chicken or the egg. What came first, the orange or the color orange. It could be the person that named the color.
DON'T EVER SAY YOLO
you know you want the new iPhone that's 3 weeks away :)
Need prayer? Check out www.ibloom.us. It's an honor to pray for you!
Telling someone how much I love you, is like trying to explain color's to a blind person. Completely impossible.
how is everybody out there??????? can i get someone to answer back??? :-)
RT : Taking a stand against SOPA can better your bottom line. Companies competing on free expression also benefit EFF....
Real nice that they put that up against the Oscars.
Good morning
#SOTU live streaming on hulu. While I calculate the ratio of standing ovations to looks of disgust. Keep the big wheel turning
The Billy Joel burger Kevin Costener burger PeeWee Herman burger Lenny Kravitz burger Nicolas Cage burger Emeril Lagasse burger Last nite...
Nothing better than having a good riding lesson.
Do you need uniforms? Embroidery? Custom Shirts? #shirtguydirect is here to serve you in #Broward #PembrokePines #Davie #Hollywood and more!
Good point-Or maybe I can locate some bright white untied tennis shoes, mess my hair up & look generally confused. Should work.
Birthday Shoutout to one of our many fantastic followers: ! Give her a follow as a birthday gift if you want! :)
Tell mama Melton to save me a seat!
Poe is so tiny he'd barely keep one boob warm!!
*Why, didn't you know? There's no such thing as a Gruffalo!* Give us a thumbs up if you've seen The Gruffalo!
Someone DM me?(;
Nothing like a bed after a LONG flight!
Love wasn't put in your heart to stay. Love isn't love until you give it away .
me too always makes my day better and can always bring a smile to my face. We have a lot in common (:
RT 68% of Americans are overweight. 20% think they are.
: my wife is out of ICU and recovering nicely. Give NMA my best!
Wishing you and yours a happy holiday season & joyous new year!
I am unemployed
Take a look through my "following" list. See if anyone's description intriques you.
President signs agreement to help Japan and nuclear reactors.
brewers/things that are due to come through any time now: rickie weeks, nyjer morgan, jonathon lucroy, the strikezone's consistency.
In need of some plans tonight? Grab some 1/2 off drinks all night at 4th St Patio!
Shooting my mom role today...what a sweet film this will be. Tearjerker.
New Google+ Hangouts apps are going to make my weekly chats with niece/nephew even more exciting :)
Bullying Ppl is the lowest thing u could do by making fun of there weight. Clothes hair or even race it's not cool even if it gets u laughs
hey chris how are you doing good I hope This is
lol it's ok. I'm really chuck Norris
look like princess buttercup...;)
Faded like a barber WhoadYy
I wanna eat this cake already!
Towns in Wyoming have rodeos the way Milwaukee has fish frys. (Fries?) Show up early enough and the kids can ride the sheep.
Grandma: "wanna pour me some more tea?" Me: *pours hot tea, spills on self* "AAAAHHHHHHH ITS ON MY PANTS!!!!!!"
Happy Birthday Jesus! RT Celebrating Greek Orthodox Easter with some home made baklava, courtesy of
Do any undergrad lecturers out there have experience teaching intro-to-R courses? I'm thinking of a mostly-for-social-science course--
As ever, you're so cheerful Greg. LOL!
I have, sadly
PLZ WATCH PUNK'D 2NITE! Watch it because my husband is being punk'd. Well, the person who plays him... BUT HE'S STILL MY JOSHY!!
Why is LeBron looking good in this game?
Well goodnight my friends, see tomorrow for more of the.....uh.....AWWW FUCK IT!! See you all tomorrow :-)
email got crushed by spambots..might be out by 10 on Saturday.
Victoria Justice Ohio
is rocking in DC for Our Senator!
Shoutout to Barrier, Sworn In, Restore, and Steady Hands; been jamming these guys all night!
#BackInElementarySchool I was the quiet girl who thought boys were yucky lol
Attending mtg today with natl leaders & White House Comm Council members
Sticks huh??? RT : “ I'd rather go blind ...lol” lol
Phoenix vs LA semifinal- sounds right... In basketball! Not hockey!!
got cha! Ima b gettin at u later on today
Bitch your under the influence if you're not high. I'm above it cause I'm on CLOUD 9 .
Glad you enjoyed the interview!
#FF because I enjoy them on Twitter
Why is the next school year starting so early -_- To top it off, school starts on my birthday >.<
hell yes. Just say "hey dude, wanna go out with me on (a specific day, don't say sometime, boys are dumb and need specifics)
: still take it so if it is higher than ur first couple low test scores then it will help and ur lowest test score will drop
If I didn't care about you, I wouldn't get so mad at the things you do.
Hell yeah now I finally got one Seahawk I like.
I'm a fuckin god at that game tho. Real shit.
Just woke up but need a nap
Thank you! They are a very rude person >.< and I honestly don't understand why they are talking to me.
I love you!
sometimes I wonder who the fuck I am, so I been lookin' in the mirror and it still don't make no sense.
Soi told my class that my summer plans are adventure time and xbox..... I need a life
Smiling at old people to show them you're not a teenage thug.
very nice!
it was horrible!
Brenner's on the Bayou time is the best time! Enjoy your visit.
Can't wait til Saturday night boo
Masoli cuts through the Beaver defense for big run!
Now i command u niggas to get money!!!
curious what wisdom would offer based on the experience in Denver.
Watching Clue. Tim Curry movie so of course it is awesome !!
I presume has taken you there?
I want to be your favorite hello, and your hardest goodbye.
Not cold enough yet (thank goodness!) but the turning leaves sure are pretty.
#Obama for #GayMarriage? Aww hell naw! Not voting for him now.
The right hand don't always gotta kno wat the left hands doin
Ugh....finding repetition to be soo boring lately. Where's the excitement at????
the worst :p
Don't be jealous of me. My desk is currently so cluttered that things are buried under not only dirty dishes but dirty underwear.
Blueberries are great for you, frozen or fresh.
Thank you, Mr. Hendrick!RT: #NASCAR team owner Rick Hendrick has made a donation to Salemburg's N.C. TarHeel Challenge Academy
Steelers with Spence from the U and the Colts add guy TTTTTYYYYY!
Always LOVE.
He has the most beautiful eyes! And he sang Alison with Elvis Costello!!! (It was actually a Police concert.)
lol I guess that is more reasonable!
Don't be a class D bum. That means you didn't bring any green, any papers/pipe, or a place to smoke at
If only I had the time! do you know anyone? RT : looking for some great new authors in #MobileApps --- who do you know?
<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B7>Happy Mothers Day<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0090> To all the wonderful mommys And all the soon to be mommys
Wat do you mean...tumblr...is down?! :-o
thank you!!
Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can. ~ Danny Kaye
Good luck on the GMAT studies!
I'm glad my sister thinks its funny to put a sucker in my hair.
RT I had lots of fun with && tonight ! Cx
interesting take - I like some of his work personally but get that others don't. I just hope SOMEONE notices her
One of those days: Misspelled "misspelled" in a correction. cc:
with amazing shoes and great legs!
Yay so excited for 's and 's new life!
yeah, well she went in already. So my grandpa and I are just waiting till' they call us.
im wearing my uniform but with my pink shirt
you're most definitely correct although I think it's still sound advice for majority of young people in developed nations.
Happy mommy day!!!!
also got one of you with butterfly wings.
George's offers nightly wine features as well as Chef Tre' Maue's dinner features.
I need to know that you are going to be okay without me..or I will remain in limbo...until I can see you are ok
i don't know that ppl r going 2 do that anytime soon. what other solutions r there that include their specific kid?
You asked for it!!! #Media Kiosks or #Media Dispensers for Books, CDs, DVDs & Games now available from the Ladies of Showcases 800-240-1850
RT if you found something cool while cleaning for Passover!
RT: "#WaysToGetDumped - Say you hate Harry Potter."
just trying to blend in with hs kids... :)
Bridges and Jonas worked the broadway stage ! From the outstanding choreography to the colorfully rhetro sets, IS success!
Holy crap, the plane landed. Kratz!
Daily GTKY question: What one thing fills your heart with joy, but drives others close to you crazy? Heehee :=)
I'm so sick of Nikki.
oh damn, what happened?
Coaches too. My Steelers are right there with stuff like "the most violent team wins". That mentality doesn't change overnight.
You Keep It 3hunna? I Keep It 3milli!!!!
It'd be fun to kick Brady Heslip in the stomach.
think about the costs.
you are just too real!!! I love it!
Check out the new Acura commercial and see yours truly reprising my role as the Soup Nazi!
where are u tonight?
dont you just love them ... haha
no, I declared Ross Gload as this year's Matt Stairs, despite the lack of power. Geeze...
if i dont get this job im gonna be pissed!
It feels like the entire city of #Cincinnati is being steam-cleaned.
Pizza is here!
With the translation of video games into other languages, translators must be aware of geopolitical and cultural errors.
i wanna go out and chill with someone
Woke up to find my first sequoia sapling popping up this morning. I'm excited! Haha
Many NFL players hurt first week. Seems I remember tougher football in the black and blue division days of the 60/70s being different
In the land of the blind the man with one eye is king
We're taking a break for the holiday by making a "Best of SoundNotion.tv 2011" episode. What are your favorite moments from this year?
Same back to you!
thank you! isn't 's post awesome? we're looking for new was to spend our next birthdays after reading.
August 14th, A Stimulus Smackage! Featuring RocStars vs. Lake Effect Furies. Tickets available at parkleigh, thread, rocderby.com!
can't Dm u because u are not following me
follow me stud?
Trying to find a birthday present for my mom... So hard!
Way to go partner ! Hat trick up 2-0 lead by example gr8 captain, player & partner - now time for #greatjob RT
Uh oh, look who now signed up for Twitter!
A couple of people were sifting through large piles of debris from the remnants of the Balinese Room. A man walked way with a Tiki guy.
Got damn dude breath is horrific. Smell like pistachio shells closed.
Just finish running at the Hudson river did great!!!
Just learned that went to my high school, same time I was there, never put 2 and 2 together before.
happy birthday!! ;D
Farewell Chicago! It's Day 26: 'Abdu'l-Bahá leaves the Windy City this morning at 8:25 am, Central Time, bound for Cleveland.
Its all good, will stay on if I stay interested. I like to hear myself so chances are likely ;)
The name "Triceratops" will stay even if the species thought to be Triceratops is proven to be a juvenile form.
Um, what's going on?
Back from Rosengård. Didn't quite live up to its reputation; was only threatened to be shot once, and then just by some 16 year olds. :)
Oh man, anytime I see a conservation position advertised, I have to drop everything I'm doing and apply and then freak out.
Only 2 months?!?
So excited to wear mine!!!! RT : I think your shoes are officially on my
yeah shopping is cool and celebs do come here a lot but its really hard to see them.
We told you dad to look on website and check it out first silly! Can we come out to and meet Kiki?? PRETTY PLEASE!!!
RT "Any fool with a dick can make a baby, but only a real man can raise his children." - Furious Styles
pushin a baby stroller up the street WITHOUT THE DAMN BABY!!! Where he/she at man?!?! .. wtf u pushin?!?!
RT : he did tho! You too cute for him #aintnobodygottimefahthat <~~~~uncle ben SHAWTY
“: how u bored ur not in the 209 lol” aha truuuuueee but im sick/: so im just layjn my happy ass in bed ):
-Glad you are so excited love!! Enjoy the club, and have a drink for me, VIP style ;) xox
's new mixtape is out go support visit him on youtube & checkout his music he has a new joint titled wake up
I think you got the ability to make em stutter lol
what the jets are doing I am getting piss do they have money to spend
10x is Rocking. Shooting videos today of top mentors. Mentor pool is nearly 100 strong. We're dealin'
Ladies Night! $5 Entry for ALL LADIES!
Today is the last day of the EtsyRAIN pre-holiday sale. It goes from 11-5. Get over here!
Pick up your WSR flyers at ZUMIES at the TUCSON MALL & GUITAR CENTER if your in that area;)
Meggie told me she thinks your tweets are great
1 day away till the home opener
I just wanna sleep till I feel better :(
Waiting to hear the results of the #imfl for mike morris!!!!
gettin outta school early today:/ am i the only one that actualy likes school?
you sorta got it right on my timeline
16 more "likes" to make it to 300, c'mon let's make this happen, suggest the Global Crash page to your friends!!!!!! Thanks!!!!!!!
cause my parents hate me lol
That was a badass fight
just followed
U can't ask 4 better games 2day
i will clear my schedule so i can go see you i would do naything for you (: <3
HEY EVERYBODY PLEASE ORDER MY MOVIE NOW! WWW.MYCRACKHEADUNCLE.COM U WILL LOVE IT
I think jinxed me cause now my screen is cracked......EXTRA bad
I like the game I think you're playing: Guess the new tech trend based on everyone's frantic tweets. :)
they make amazing pets, its just a shame about their short lifespan
Better then doing it on a rainy day RT : Office move underway...of course it would have to be a beautiful day...
WELCOME DERBY FANS COME SEE US AT 4443 CANE RUN ROAD CITY GEAR!!!! GET THAT FIT MEN @ WOMEN
Thanks for sharing via twitter! #ECET2 continues past our time in Scottsdale, AZ
Ok... This sixers and bulls game is what u call boring. Just saying.
in class.. right now...
We are proud to be the sole reason why had their busiest week ever. Booze Camp is good for business.
“: If you do not like Fruity Pebbles, fuck you for being alive.”
Thanks for a great conversation on what #peopledontget #mlearning < thanks to attendees
it's been good!
Todays a sad, sad day.
High winds today in Vancouver WA and Portland OR. If you have tree damage or need help, give us a call http;//www.arborsmithtreecare.com
I would love it if that were actually negotiable.
waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for Bruno to have a shirtless picture!! Follow back??? No... Damn :'(
The Vatican's Swiss Guard still wears a uniform designed by Michelangelo in the early 16th century.
So who's throwing a Rapture's Eve party tonight?
Girl bye
No cell phones had to be in when the street lights came on
So glad you enjoyed! Hope to see u again soon! RT : Great lunch ! This hotel is gorgeous and the catering team is...
ight cool cool (: see uou tomorrow :D
Ugh, Brennan and Carr's is the best. And have you ever been to Buckley's?
i don't approve Tebow mania but if my sister might win a t shirt from her favorite show i'll RT
Hey, let's cut off all our hair and wear extentions!
Happy Saturday Twitter friends. What are you thankful for today? Phil's friends is thankful to all of you for your support! God Bless!
The Avengers w/ and :-)
Agreed! Ben was quite the dapper fellow la
okay what time? on oovoo or the phone?
Type in "Google Gravity" Into google, then click Im Feeling Lucky. Best thing ever. It kept me entertained for quite a while. n_n
Just because you’re not sick doesn’t mean you’re healthy. – Author Unknown
A great fit? Yeah, for the puppets pulling his strings. #BBN got the 4th straight #1 recruiting class and still have Jefferson
Sorry if we attacked you! No hard feelings cc:
YOU'RE INVITED: Charlotte #sportsbiz executives gathering-Aug4 Admission: $25 direct donation to cancer.
Hi Denae! Doing well 2day! Had a rough Mother's Day...first 1 since my mother passed. But...feel her presense near :) U?
fuck! Chloe I got to go-_- we will finish this later
When a woman stays w/a man that's constantly cheats on her its love for him and not for self. Because if you loved urself yous want better.
lol... keep em coming and maybe you'll get to see my usher impression...
My determination surprises me at times. Remember only u can stop u.
thanks for the follow :) !
if you dont get a text back after good morningi s probably a forward message
I'm grateful for all my twitter friends and want you ALL on my Forever team! Please register for free today and get 15% discount for life!
Today is the start of a great day for a rally. Love Your Library is today at the Grand Central Library for Bklyn Public Library.
step out day, multicultural assembly, and a fire drill or something. So ya only 20 min classes
IT'S OK TO SELL DRUGS ASLONG AS U HAVE A SOCIALSECURITY# YET IF U DON'T & WORK A 9/5 U GET PULLED OUT WORK, ARRESTED/DEPORTED
action scenes were good !!!
Having a great time in San Diego but I've had that feeling since I got here
love is complicated
Thank you for the reminder that the flag brings us together and represents the best in each of us. You've got the right stuff!
It's not whats under the tree..... It's whose around it
Heading down to Florida. Final steps in bringing the old man back to Annapolis.
Someone tell me why feeding students before a test and telling that morning nutrition will help them do better is bad? Not placebo, true.
Yess :( and im not going to be in first tomorrow! I wanted to do that research paper wiff you
Shop the new Urban Outfitters at 651 W. Diversey () today. They'll donate 10% of opening day sales to &
I'm no Tampa Bay fan, but I applaud Fernando Rodney for wearing his ball cap at such a rakish angle.
Our driver was asking us questions. Said we should start our day off with a smile.
All our supporters should follow , a great partner & a great program.
yes, but we will be back out very soon after that! Maybe over seas??
! I can't wait til ur album comes out! (: I knows its going to be sick! :D
Tweeting from a plane on an iPad is neat. Watching your Slingbox from a plane on an iPad, however, is just very cool. Yes, I'm a nerd.
Murder business.
it's alright. I almost forgot too.
Remember when Darwin Barney had the #Cubs first HR and a (potentially) major BB? Man, good times.
Make the intro in 5sec or less: evoce curiosity, share benefits
Im always surprised when kids in 80s movies bitch about meatloaf for dinner. It has and always will be one of the world's most perfect foods
Today I will take a few moments to reflect on what happened 10 years ago today in my own quiet way. I will never forget. #9/11
Damn. I just gave my Tony Lama's away.
just DM me
you should have come to get breakfast with us!
A brandname for a business is like a reputation for a person. You earn name by trying to do hard things perfectly.
I have a healthy appetite
What's better than a husb who brings home Thai food for you? One who takes it back when they get the order wrong. <3
Cafe,Krw.GREAT PLACE IN THE WORLD hehehe^_^hang out here more Often!!
no your not
RT Band steering in #Xirrus Wireless Arrays encourages clients to connect on the 5GHz band, which has more channels and less noise.
I know is ready but is ready for this
Jets defeated the Bills 28-24.
you might want to try calling Housing: 973-353-1037
Attending the Young Entrepreneur Preview Event at #Purdue. Excited to see new, inventive business plans.
I want a pb&j!
So who wants to attend SYTYCD (So You Think You Can Dance) Tour with me October 11th @ US Bank Arena!!!??? Ahh I wanna go!!!!
Officially headed to #THATCamp Jersey Shore in April, then #dhsi11 and #THATCamp Victoria in June. An exciting couple of months!
well that blows. When it comes in at Nutz u will b the 2nd to know.
If I can get 500 people or more to follow me on twitter I will have Tommy shave my head on stage May 24 at Hartman. Add me
cookie crisps and stussel cakes did just fine. Had a blast in Stillwater!
lol, it's actually for my friend Erin. But I can write you into it (:
I totally agree!
Hell no babe ;) & hehe well somehow maybe ;) & most of the time you mean? ;) xo
It's always interesting to see how Danica does. ;)
Always thought this when I played the board game. RT What if it only SEEMS they're aliens?...future humans come to rule the past?
Smith: He's going to close wealth disparities. Uh-huh.
RT : “All our dreams can come true – if we have the courage to pursue them.” - Walt Disney
weird child
Who keeps their receipts when they buy skittles and tea? Not me.
Ice Age glaciers brought variety of rock to Illinois - Chicago Daily Herald
Feel like death caught a bad cold
Take the first step in faith. You don't have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.
:'( you going to prom or not babes x
Tx! 2 book & paper related things always here: letterpress demos in the Print Shop & bookbinders tools in Shaker Shed.
Ryan Kennedy is a boy who is battling cancer & he has a wish to trend on twitter so instead of pointless tweets, tweet for him!
WHOEVER STOLE MY NEWS PAPER THIS MORN.Its chemically treated so within a half hour ur genitals will fall off.have a nice day :)
--> I just finished watching this. He is a great champion - and Nadal is very gracious in defeat.
bitch get hair done, get a face lift, get a body took and personal because you done here garbage!!!
I don't even know why I'm going to school today..
I really enjoyed learning about your work via #arttoinspiration this month. Really amazing!!
lolol always got a clever joke...
it must be boyfriend getting season or something... Because a lot of females I know have been in their feelings lately
tiff is bring her bf and Britt is bringing nick but its cuz someone backed out. The bus only fits 18-20ppl and were at 20 lol
When did VS start carrying triple D? I might be able to fit in that! I need to go shopping!
Congrats on your new NSC membership!
I'll be at Mandalay Bay tomorrow. I hope you're still hanging around out there Elk!
Hoping for some rest later today
A very Happy New Year to all edcampers! Here's to authentic, personal, and passionate learning in 2012.
Me & Claudia have the BEST conversations. Like yall wouldn't even imagine (;
Hand sanitizer = new vodka for teens. That pisses me off. It's so much cheaper than the cough syrup we were forced to drink at that age.
Are you or do you know any military moms? Give me a call at 640-4805 for a story for Sunday's edition of The Herald Bulletin.
I feel like crying :/ i hate days like this. Think im just gonna watch one of my fav movies ;)
Podcast Live from #DEATHSQUAD studios! www.ustream.tv/redban #deathsquadfam for life
Its amazing how much better one person can make your day!!!
those look so yummy.
great question. I think we should change that sooner than later.
new years eve, WAR HORSE
no but we'd love to!! RT I'm thinkin of doing a Royal Wedding themed wedding..have you done a theme like that?
“Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes.” ~ Ralph Waldo Emerson
don't think he should apologize for the call-out BUT I respect the action.
lol gud luv makin weather right here. To bad I don't have a man!
Packman on sports at 4:45 we're gonna start a new weekly tradition and award a "jack ass of the week". Suggestions? JK
So why are people protesting this again? I have no clue at all...smh.
#thoughtsduringschool Shut the hell up! I'm trying to watch this movie!
Gotta catch them all!
RANGERS ! Ah!!
is the game on yet?
Yup.its only right to do so. I'm listening to your project now. Ultra dope
He is very nasty
Thank U! Adam fans are the coolest! RT : What a lovely interview w/ Thank you!
Today @ 2:15 come see us at the outdoor stage!
am i aloud to be nosey and ask what happened on those days?
We're always happy to help:
"I never leave underwear at a guy's place b/c I never see it again." - What happens to them? - "I never go back." -Samantha my Hero SATC
Action speak louder then words but sometimes we need the words to understand the action..
Costa Ricans spend only 15% of what Americans do on healthcare, yet they live longer and healthier lives than people in any other country.
"All voluntary associations should be protected by law." #RonPaul has said it all along while Obama jumps on board just in time for election
Hooray, huge congrats! (we don't know each other but I remember you tweeting about looking for a long time--I tweet for library)
Happy Father's Day to all of you who have fledglings out there.
Whatever it is, it terrifies me. I don't know where it will escalate to. Pregnant 13 year olds as the norm? Where will it end.
Most definitely! Geese flock together!
HA! RT : If your crotch emits tachyons, see a doctor immediately.
I need a vaca.
Off to work
Favorite Song Lines--- I jumped in the river and what did I see? Black-eyed angels swam with me
Nothing worse than a guy who finds a technique I like and then changes it because he is afraid I'm getting bored. STICK WITH IT!!!
no!! why would u even ask tht
Ha! Two sins for the price of one.
Thanks for the love!
"which leads me to my next point... Don't do drugs."
Yes you do, very good songs at that!!!!!
Listening to the radio , and not doing anything in class >>>
Cindy is sharing change model since it is tough getting your organization to change the way training is delivered
I say #theknicksneed a lebron James
hey bo, my plays went very well this weekend im focusing on NCAA basketball now 4-0 so far tonight i have Nebraska moneyline
Stay Frosty.
my ms maggie dog is out of surgery and doing well :) i love you pet
yo i could use some grand theft auto sann andreas right now with some pizza and a 40
My dannon stride is immune to negativity
#ZimmermansNewAttorney Casey Anthony
About to take off from Sioux Falls with the team! Guys are looking forward to the 83 degree weather awaiting us!
Singing this morning!
Congrats to on winning!!!!
Sat's 10 mi run will be dedicated to for his generous donation & support of
Federal agents
Hunger Games with kids from was amazing. Great movie. Great kids.
600 followers #YEE thanks everyone! :D
I hope #wikileaks gets their hands on the Federal Reserves ledger sheets
that's funny to read! Thinking about it, I only use that app to show other people.
are just so cute. Those Icelandic accents always get me.
I use tweets 4 advertising our products and it works. Just cause it's easy doesn't make it wrong.
Watching the True Hollywood Story on #MarthaStewart. I didn't know she was a model and started by cooking on a woodstove
Do u Know Jaden In Person
What's up homie?
This 1 million times this. RT Unless it's Bayless. RT : always save the critic
Anyone else wish they would play music at Target?
Holy crap! Two things I never thought I'd see. 's chin and 's butt!
“: camp announces fmr CIA officer & Bin Laden Unit ldr Michael Scheuer will address April 22 Paul rally in Philly”
praying big and sending white light her way!!
thanks John. Happy Saturday to you.
yea, but they're rated G & PG and run @ 10 AM. too many kids.
Me either but they're at TJ Maxx!
what was the purpose of this blog? music downloads?
Your address is too big when it takes FOREVER to print. Just sayin'.
Boozer gets clobbered by two guys with a minute left and no call. We don't deserve to win this game but come on...
can Australia text Hawaii? (:
it's 11:11 make a wish and say something (;
is it just me or is there a small army of twitter bots out there?
haha that's how scary movies work and u aren't a whore ur like Hannah
back from shopping at Soho with my stylist and brother "chris smooth smith" outfit on deck for my show this friday. come see me!
haha i know right!?!?:D bahahaha!!
So good! That is my favorite beer there. Enjoy!
SPRING BREAK IS FINALLY HERE! WOOHOO!!
Beginning of the 4th quarter of the ISSAC Girls Final: Lab School 30 German School 15
Mua needed for Tuesday 5/21 from 2-6 pm in Midtown Manhattan. Shoot pays 150$ for 3.5-4 hours. Please message me for more info.
Hood morning!!! Woke up feelin rejuvinated
nah I'm good. Happy for you Matt!
How do you practice pursuing gratitude?
RT : "I've learned that whenever I decide something with an open heart, I usually make the right decision."_____Maya Angelou<U+263A>
Wow my daughter is active today.....how to harness the energy???
Who is watching #Addicted to Beauty?Now on OXYGEN
If I was drunk majority of life, I'd be content with everything.
#askniall What's your favorite kind of cake? I need to so I can bring it to you tomorrow in Detroit! <3 :))))
Big fat charity bar crawl for men's health is one month out! Register at movemberbaltimore.com and help fight prostate cancer!!
djiles, where did you get NH from? I'm def trying to get him out to Boston!!
THIS SATURDAY ! JANUARY 21ST-----UP NORTH AND OVER TALK AT THE BAYVIEW BREWHAUS!COME JOIN US !!
My iMac died…IT is switching me to a PC tomorrow. So sad :(
thanks for follow :)
Maybe they figured the four point play against the #Pacers would hold them over a few extra years...
I love your profile picture:)
again?? Love Miami huh? The heat.. ;]
I will be taking video and pictures as CES and will post at www.apinsights.info
And UK had to make a coaching change. You can tell me all the sudden top recruits just run to a down program?
When you're down and nothing, God's up to something. :)
This! Always have, always will. RT : I absolutely hate that fucking tomahawk chop.
Its pom squad season :) If anyone need pom squad bows definitely send me a message
Commission public input hearing in Norco is under way. Watch live at www.wedrawthelines.ca.gov.
Yeahh I went #Crazy but I'm still pullin thru tha bullshit and all my haters I leave amaze
I think Ricky Rubio will have he's way with the lakers guards
went ghostt.. Nothing new.. :/
If you can, go to the front room today at 1. Nice jazz is always good on a great day.
#MegaMillions ticket purchased... Show me the money!
EVERYONE GO FRIGGING READ 'S STORY AND RETWEET THE SHIT OUT OF THE PAGE. FUCKING DO IT NOW. thankyou kbye.~ <U+270C>
My boyfriend and I went to a pub and she ordered a guiness, I was so disgusted I spat out my pina colada!
awesome - just in time for my shopping spree!
Going on a long-overdue password-changing rampage due to a close call with debit card fraud this afternoon, exciting!
This week is a "bye week," but the deets for the 16 and 23 have been posted on the blog!
Wishing people actually gave a fuck :(
Ok, lots of energy from my nutritious breakfast. What to do? Organize the kids and clean the house! 15 min bursts, then the chicken dance!
we need to calendars and an alarm clock to keep with all the events in Atlanta!!
$50 on tofu only @ Meijer again, they know me by name, yet still look at me like I'm crazy every time! Bet they're thinking #healthfreak!
No sweat. Let's chat next week--you name the date/time/etc?
If you love Austin and Alex. There on youtube and Keek! So go and watch them NOW!
Listing to suffokate makes me emo? Oh that's cool
The US bid to host the 2018/2022 FIFA World Cup. Get the latest from twitter Follow them. Let's magnify the movement
#Life is like a box of ... worms.
Patio was open at the Brunswick Winking Lizard. Did you work?
Wow. KILLING IT tonight performing on #AmericanIdol. I'm a little flustered.
If everyone treated walking like driving a car, and just kept right. We'd have fewer of those awkward "dancing" moments.
delving into my medieval history collection may have done the trick, although sometimes no sleep is better than only 2 hrs.
So here's my handgun; so kill me, maybe?
am not!
#reddestcountyever... This probably explains why my grandpa got trounced when he ran for assembly in '84
My phone is now an international phone
Otherwise, I'm happy to do otherwise with you guys, though not sure i can keep up on pop culture. I might see if other main page
Janice Eberly discusses connection between #unemployment and #housing demand.
Holiday Hours: We will close Fri, Dec 23 at Noon through Sat, Dec 31. We will reopen on Tues, Jan 3 at 10:00 a.m. Happy Holidays!
ASHLEIGH ASHTON shooting her first national "event" for TMobile tomorrow! Singing and dancing!
did you grab those yellow elite Lebrons
#LMSunSIG accessibility issues are coming very much to the fore at this point, ESP w/ totally online
You know you're in Portland when, at a chic cafe called Public Domain, the guy next to you is discussing open source cell technology.
Staying sane is a pretty good thing, isn't it :) cc
Not enough help to the poor Bill and Warren know this well. they are right.
Saw the movie American Violet - it's fantastic!
and it was only yesterday she was dropping a bomb at brunch!
lol I'm gonna go sit in front of my mirror right now and practicee !
can I has some cupcakes?
well, I have to wait for my friend to get outta the bathroom
Woke up to the kids watching the performances from the first season of Glee. They're singing along :)
RT: What is Green leasing? There is no one uniform green lease
message me on windows live when you get the chance<3
That is a cool map, is it from 2007? I don't see a credit/timestamp
Brittany Killgore's body positively identified.. Details & the day in court for the Marine considered a person of interest in case. News8
I'm proud of who I am
getting a kick out of Grayson's beef w/Brookwood. Really impressed with the creativity of the rap vids these kids made.
Chloe Fitness in working da sh@# out of her clients!! Personal Fitness training goes down
We are thrilled announce that we will be playing at the Lummis Day Festival on June 3 in LA!
#Blackjack tip: Pay attention to your dealer when you have a 6 card 18 or 19. They'll pay (or take!) your push more often than you think!
Softball weather(: <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+26BE>
I'm home now....time to "have fun" my arm
Did I mention that is due at 8am followed by having to close the bar Fri night as well. End of semester can't come soon enough!
RT : Miller Center Forum - Picking Cotton, 11 a.m.
hah ok think it was fine If I can recall just messin. nite!
And congrats on landing at the ProJo, where I got my start. Hope you're enjoying.
Did great on my second test, one more to go. But, first grocery shopping. I'm do hungry too.
#thingsiregret always being first to wake up...
Are there good, proven programs (curricula) to develop leadership skills in adolescents?
lol I don't give a fuck!
Do something different with $2 a day. Lose weight and be healthier by ordering Skinny Fiber! Money back guarantee....
She's getting a pair of tennis shoes for herself. I got her some skin creams.
LOL. RT : Here's what I want on my tombstone: "Please take me off of your email distribution list."
Today, 12/21 is Bah Humbug Day! Take today to release the stress of the holiday season. But, whatever you do, avoid becoming a real,...
IT WAS AWESOME! Do you want some?
1D Flawless Homosexuals is trending. Y.E.S <3
I've been hovering just under 450 followers for months now and finally broke it. If any of you bums unfollow, vengeance will be sought.
Day off. Watching snow fall. Catching up on DVR. Is this what relaxing feels like?
Wow. She looks breathtaking really! :) RT My new AVI *___*, she's so perfect.
Early morning... Still pissed about idol last idol last night!
minor league games are cancelled. Big league game still on for the time being
Big jobs reports tomorrow morning! Doubtful the market has enough new money to buy stocks at these high levels...
One day I'm going to be the boss!
You're The Hottest , Everybody Knows .
Thanks, Cheri!
oh you done after that haha
Wish we were able to attend the Data 2.0 Conference this year. We'll definitely make it next year though!
it's done:)
I want a chai milkshake. M.
Not Columbus - South Bend, please!
I wonder if its a TT called #HusbandToBe Lol
#nyy #yankees TEX is the poster boy for this problem, and SHAME ON HIM , but Joe Girardi must take ownership of the problem & FIX IT !!!
Gotta go to work on this beautiful sunday...its alright though cause I'm off on mondays...
is f***king awesome
Gonna check out Stephen Perkins' drum clinic tonight.
not feeling well...
My wifes first offical "Mothers Day" though. She deserves that applause.
Empathize, define, brainstorm, prototype,test are 5 stages of design thinking
Friday's Lunch Special: Smokin' Cowboy Wrap with Chipotle Gouda Cheese! Come on over...and don't forget to try one of our fabulous juices
make it easier, and fill the pipeline faster
Okay, I'll try and fine tune it in the meantime.
you are the dorkiest dork that ever dorked. And thank you. :).
then out of the blue clear sky
If there were a hell, those motherfuckers are certainly deserving of such a place.
Listen to Shixting. Texting shat audio. www.kevinkash.com
Woaaaa woaa woaa I've liked him in 2000 girl I know every single song!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><U+263A>
Now I'm craving donuts. Not children.
Zombies with Bree!
The lady that looks like me.
It's all about marketing it
Anyone in touch with Oregon folks in Japan helping after disaster? We'd love to chat!
Happy b'day, Ani! Eat some Mac and Cheese! :)
Guess ima have to smoke my loud with this crazy old head! I dont like to smoke alone
Bye to facebook.
Correction: bought tickets for THE AVENGERS midnight screening in Emeryville. The northern Californa IMAX premiere!
you all are just jealous of me and Hagans dad skill of snoring
Sounds good.
Discussing the role of an org like UNESCO as a safeguard for our cultural heritage & history while the internet is increasingly privatized.
Way to go #FrancisLewisHighschool ! Still looking for money for school? It's not too late to set up your fundraising page! Just do it...
Think I'm a fuck wit people at random this morning lol
gotta love lazy Sundays :)
they're all the same but I needed to do it because of the following limits with twitter
Racks on racks on top of stacks
If you heard my album yay. If you haven't, RT.
no, bright pink nails!!!!
I need to go to sleep...Goodnight #Followme :)
What to do what to do
Real wont something funny to happend to somebody :P
Hanging with at da Stage about to watch Ketchy shubby
yes! I get in at midnight.
Newport RI truly is a beautiful town. Haven't been there in at least 10 years. Enjoy!
u know my hand been up..losing feeling in my fingers
Cool buddy, can't wait!
I have been a fan since you started racing! I only want you to win! Congrats & a great tribute RIP Dan Wheldon..You did it Helio
just finished a very productive meeting with our CTO.. now i'm starving and getting ready for a very late dinner.. long day!
Voodoo child 2 my new hoes
Better a good doctor with a wrong theory, than a bad one with a right theory.
And Magnetic Fields influence; who knew?
lol I was waiting for u to say that cuz I know ur a rock kind of guy
Just home after a long day of walleye fishing,tired and going in to crash and grab my wifes ass
drunk at work
Trying to shake being so crabby. Ugh. I need to crack open that box of wine. Now.
Passing the fox lot...
I want Bubba to win bc his name is Bubba and he has a pink driver.
The Andre Miller needs to find a good barber... quick.
lol ha funny
Tarp coming off at
We are introducing Whisk Reputation. Yelp feedback monitoring, responding and social media strategy... Would you be interested?
Do you know a great way that the district could save money? Send your nuggets of brilliance to
Coldwater Closeouts & Crowds
to be honest our President is a uncle Sam. He talk like a ChiTown pimp and wont save a man life.
Really getting a lot out of the Nerdist Way. Bought both audio and Kindle versions. Thanks!
heading down to Elliot Street Pub for a brew and a sandwich. 7pm. Y'all come too.
My precious...
It was great to hear from our Pres. how important #service is to the country...how did you like the call?
I am engaged :).
DO you have paper/regular plates and enough forks? I am bringing coconut cake.
Just a little fun on a Sunday evening, joined in with #likeablechat to learn more about non=profits
Come on caps!
Im like a sprained ankle. Boy, i aint nothing to play with
hello there what has u up at this hour
Just the thought of tomorrow <
One week until the and Indy Wine Fest. We're bringing some really cool small-production, boutique wines.
Q3: We are hosting a Poetry Contest and a Multimedia Center Petting Zoo.
Word ! Now one of my favorite bands.
Like Mariano Rivera, Billy Crystal comes in to save the show!
: And sometimes it's the only answer.
right back at ya, chief...
After HIGH SCHOOL sh*t got real. Girls Got pregnant, ppl got locked up, Some didn't Graduate, Couples broke up, Bestfriends became Strangers
Hey Morgan! I'm actually down in FL now. I'd love to hook you up with an interview with AE once we are down in TX!
DISCOVER FRUITS IN BANGLADESH | Discover Bangladesh
We are working on it... Latent semantic indexing of firehose comments/micro-blogs, as well as your standard blog comment fare.
All good! Thanks for the mention. Hope your day is great. :)
maybe! I'll take it. I haven't felt special nrg like that in a room since Slayer reign In blood tour. Oh wow i just rlzed I'm old.
/// Finished a beat.™
I know! I even bathe.
next 3 people that follow me will get a shout out
i dont know why exactly he's famous cause he didn't really do anything but become friends with someone
Good afternoon are we making history today?
Century guy girl dace tonight to bad they stink
Was in canton. Trying to get to Royal Oak. Avoided backup on 275. Took 96. Southfield fwy closed. Then 94 to 75 and home. Why, Michigan why?
fact. I guess all the Philly public schools I went to were in feasterville or something...
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
I just don't get it! After months of stagnation, everyone & his brother is hitting my blog today! I am floored!
Word? No doubt I got u. 100
FYI youtube video w/ didn't get the whole thing. It started the minute he said #WarOnWomen was silly. Watch the entire segment
& he just fucked it up playing this loud ass adele in my ear.
“: Now that thats over, I can start thinking about my one true love #motorcycleracing #AMA #motogp” I agree 100%
Another journal with an unreported prior title that has to be updated? That's it, I'm out for the day.
If Adam and Eve had 2 sons how did this generation start?..
#tweetyourweight 177.5 - holy crap, thank god Relapse Week is over
lol! Right after I pushed send I immediately thought: Austrailia=not morning, no joke! ;) Have a great Saturday Melina!!!
Off to the hospital :(
I think you just solved the entire global economic crisis. Everybody needs to fuck more and not for free.
lol damn shame u sound like a pimp
8 pm RT : what time does go on tonight?
Hi Bert - Thanks for the follow!
how warm is it!?!
They call me Gepetto.
There is a fine line btw working hard and plain chaos. It pays to slow down and get our systems in order, living and working systems.
Thanks Roger - we're going to continue discussing Hybrid Pedagogy this wk on TECHstyle - check back later cc
and I were gta-ing today. It was fun. (; lmao
It Feel Good af Outside :)
Thanks for the RT
feel free to apply. It's in Beaverton and 20 hours a week with heavy lifting. Not to scare just inform :)
Watching Peter Andre - My Life
Order the artisan chocolate bars which come in 3 different flavor combinations.
sucks to suck ): lol we woulda had fun being faded
im wondering,when my phone gon get here.0:
Yeaa bro. Its been real
I'm crazy about Swayze.
Today has been amazing, but tomorrow is gonna be even better. Birthday in two hours. <U+2665>
. I know. It appears as though we're screwed. A vote for the lesser of two evils is still an endorsement of evil.
I'm just waiting for her to ask me!
thanks for including me! Glad u liked the #glutenfree carrot chocolate chip muffins!
stellar oh soo stellar. What you up to?
sorry I missed this thread ladies! I was out solving mysteries last night (obv).
started work at 5 a.m. that's how you know you are insane ;)
true pippen was aight lol but he not a 50 greatest player to me tho...
“: I miss Penelope Cruz's long locks.” me too! thought for a sec it could have been faux bob, but so sad it's chopped!
yeah thats right,apologize :p
Hey - Today is the anniversary of Nelson Mandela's inaguration! :)
Can't let this happen!
Happy Birthday Stacy Godo!
If the Nineveh 1959552 fractal is a multiple of speed of light digits, (2x9x9x7x9x2x4x5x8) then that means they used the metric system.
HOT on tonight!! killed it too! One of my favorite shows!
I love apple juice.
I miss being a kid everything was so simple. And easy..
#Prettylittlethings is expected to hit the festival tour as early as this fall!
Thanks for the love! RT : Listening now really talented! like it so much
i seriously cant wait for tomorrow.
How have we come this far w/o mentioning Steam Powered Giraffe?
Thank You to all who attended #PPAIExpo! We will see you at ASI Dallas FEB 2nd!
I LIKE CREEPING YOUR PAGE!!!! (hehe)
Electro night at the Davis Graduate tonight
yeah!! US Cantina?!
feel like I've been away from the Twitterverse forever. Nice to finally have a little bit of time again to read some tweets. :)
House arrest? So he might get to watch Sister, Sister and Full House reruns whenever he wants?
I'm almost every week i a hotel with ma parents, and I think It's really cheap! :/
this has really been a crappy day! Please follow me and make me smile!
If you don’t have solutions – You don’t have a life- InSpotter mobile app
Car stalled in BW3's parking lot and wont start
Wow! What a duel that would be.
If we can get either OJ or Conley going, we can boost this lead up a little. The frontline (gay, zbo, Marc) is playing well
you definitely just made me look up "roscos" and I still don't know what they are. Help! Lol
"we noticed u had 2 orders, is this a mistake?" "no, i didn't want us to sit together. he's nice, I just don't want to sit next to him."
Just got home from long day of mental work n now putting my feet up n enjoying my FAVORITE TV show...Desperate Housewives!
Rendevous with Ian of The Kingston Lounge in a few hours for some exploring at the asscrack of dawn tomorrow!!
"I've got my PENCIL!" -- David Lee Roth
haha he gave up the girl she just said whatever
he's an outside baby that's all
daily #dressage tip:to teach your horse rhythm, have u got rhythm? have someone drill you 'left, rt, left, rt' in 4/4 time. can u do it?
Interested in learning how to build your own uke? Head over to Heritage 2 and join host Mike Leeworthy!
I'm about to be in your music video
I like to watch a race not a recap with singing. Recaps are for sportscenter.
Joshua Gordon of says it's key to maintain an open mind when exploring career paths...
WTF were u guys doing
Rethinking about a lot of priorities of mine. This shit finna get taken care of
Happy Birthday to one of my favorite people: - better watch this one, he's only 23 and accomplished SO much!
Or them on us...
:( if I win it ill give it to you because I know how much you've wanted it since we were freshmen hahah
really though ;-P I need to be at Lowes during these times! It would definitely make shopping there go by w/ease .. JusSayin
Het Brantley, how the heck is Bruce supposed to hit with runners on when Phillips is batting in front of him?
#Caps GMGM says he hasn't thought about it a whole lot on what they will do for a new coach
I wonder what me and my other half's going to do this weekend.
Hanging out in Vegas after a long productive day at
Like this proposal a lot, Charlie. This just feels like the right track and how I viewed the alien commander role as well.
RT ... Alot of people hear, but very few listen ...
I think i've actually cried during that movie...hahaha
NY Knicks need help BAD!!!!
anything for a good friend :) Hope all is well!
BASKETBALL TRIVIA Why was the game of basketball invented and by who ?
hey greg we would love to talk to you about Victory Beer. Can you email me at
So how's Joey Barton's mom doin' today?
Then what? Lol RT free your mind...
I like getting out of the shower and splashing my hair everywhere :P its beast
is a lame name!!!
I'm gonna have to go my local DD and do a taste test now... :D
come on let's see more new stuff!!!
Constantly; I try to patiently listen then I say OK IT IS MY TURN and HERE'S WHY YOU DERP-ASS is rong! LOL!! <U+2665>
I miss the old Project Muse.
When you subtweet about someone and then they RT that tweet...
I have been on Twitter for like 2 weeks now...I don't get it...all you get out of it is stupid ppl with their adds, dumb celebs and what?
Nothing beats a killer Saturday morning workout followed by a lazy breakfast!
Yes, I do think I am better than these assignments. Easy to say I will be so happy that this class is over no matter the grade!
We have visitors from Cape Town, South Africa, and Buenos Aires, Argentina tonight!
I want to hang out with my sister so bad.
red bull!
At some point do you have to start looking at the margin of victory in certain losses for teams? Is it that bad yet?
They Say You Are What You Eat, That's Funny I Don't Recall Eating A Sexy Beast Today.
do you want to go to a OSU vs. IU basketball game? New Years Eve.
Thanks for the follow Alysha! We definitely enjoy BizTimes as well, but we all suck at vball.
Thanks for the Go West Book Fest RT!
I forgot that this morning was late opening at school. SIGH.
if your in Chicago who do I contact for a meet n greet ?
Money will come to you when you are doing the right thing. -Michael Phillips
seriously sold out so fast! Faster than last year
Wiz and Mac coming back!
awesome, this someone you know?
You can tweet stuff directly into facebook too... do it all in one step :}
*is totally surprised* Thom... what...?
I run the game but these women think I'm runnin game... (;
but it's in between memorial and labor day and may 28 is memorial day
She didn't laugh. She wasn't sad or angry, either. I at least chuckled. Haha!
yeah I know! & guess what I'm not allowed to do today..
Favorite UW game of the year - Senior Day. Jordan is one of the best to go through the program.
RT : Best quote today: "The best thing about this trip was making my mother smile."~ 15 year old, COI kid.
Luke's brother is coming in to town next weekend and I think that would be a good idea...
I look out for my family and friends before myself
likewise brother. Will do! Ill have to come party up in Alabama!
I can't/don't sleep anymore. It's making me feel like a fucking zombie.
I feel so much more legitimate now that I have over 1,000 tweets.
you should have to write a song about being a #gentalman ..... because you're already a
Omg I'm going to throw up on the cta
S/O to Great musicians based out of Brooklyn! Check em out!
Listening to songs from West Side Story @ #yaddo benefit. Leonard Bernstein worked on it at the colony...so lovely!
The pick is Q as fuck. Kendall Wright?
Just had the most amazing dinner at Artisan at the Delamar hotel in Southport, CT! Definitely my new favorite Fairfield County restaurant.
Vogue - in this month's issue: "Dead Girls Are Skinnier."
I hope Seattle Public Library does this: MT We were joking around one day about having Nerf Bow and Arrow contests.
Late in responding but yeah...I know. Sorry we don't have much Bulls programming in the offseason.
I NEED A HAIRCUT WHERE IS
Stream our new record De Novo for free on our website too, we just want ya'll to hear it! www.illmondo.com
Just throwing this out there: Perhaps Mexico should consider legalizing drugs?
this time next week I will be raging my as off at
I don't know what it is but I'm craving cupcakes again!!
RT : Study Abroad: The Experience of American Undergraduates (Contributions to the Study of Education): While it is a......
Dear app developers: when a customer gets on twitter complaining about a bad user experience, don't just tell them they're wrong.
We are pretty much everywhere tonight! Where are you?
My grandpa called n said " this is a crime, they need to stop the game"
lol I love that word! And screaming aaaawwwkkkwwwaaaarrddd in weird situations just to make them MORE awkward bahahah
its change n da couch bruh
Everything is funnier if you are not allowed to laugh.
#nowfollowing both of you...
Greetings #clat2lrn. David Kelly from NYC, joining a little late.
just is one on million chance that you follow me 1 i hope that you know that you are 18! we will never leave you justin<U+2665> 1
When is your birthday?
I got some bomb ass kush let's blaze it
ive been legit happy. [completely] for about a week & not wanting to die. life is good.
I love you too babe
I don't know why we would have? I never unfollow people.
RT : Tomorrow watch live: Chairman Genachowski & Digital Education Leaders on National Adoption of Digital Textbooks...
Coke lol RT What should I do for my bday weekend next week?
Follow Me Pleasee!! Your Concert On Sunday Was So Fun! I Had An Amazingg Time There! Glad I Got To Take The Picture With You!!
Please, get it together, Randy.
I'm graduating in T minus 2 WEEKS!!!!!!!
Luddites perspective sim. to hipster mvmnt? Elitest? #narcissism Is there a dif. btw values on real life and FB?
Love! Just mentioned as we do their cheesecake! Enjoy your meal honey.
Strange times are here
Is anybody watching this Knicks-Bucks game? New York is a ridiculous 14 for 17 from the field. Landry Fields has 2 misses, Iman Shumpert 1.
Got a TN Rep callback next week, gotta keep pressing forward.
That's no hologram PAC, but it's aight
RT : “Leaders don't force people to follow—they invite them on a journey.”—Charles S. Lauer
Wanna make my day better by following me!?!??!?!?! Please
yes sir how are brah? Good morning my dude
Really enjoyed the conversation about the #MKE music scene Thanks !
McNulty: what kind of name is Alma? Alma: I have a boyfriend detective. McNulty: ... is he bigger than me? :)
Get the fuck off my timeline bitch.
Thank YOU! Hope you're enjoying the program!
Closing arguments done in Amy Senser trial.
Is it #Saturday :09 yet? Geez, come on already!
Hanging out on stage at Godspell with Love you #Broadway! Love this show!
There's no such thing as "too many" J Crew shorts.
Keep seeing pictures of cake on instagram. Wahh now I want some. F-u
Linkin Park shoot new video on the moon, nice
Finally got my phone back oh #toosick without it
no minimums at Moorea all rental prices drink what and how much u want! Daybeds start at $225.00. DM is if you are interested.
#JMS220 On which San Diego freeway was there recently a shooting?
Heading to the desk now for See witness video of Vancouver boat crash & the latest on U of O student death. Cu soon
pet peeve #19: books being released in only hardback so they can charge more.
No draws in this tight dress just cause I want to !
Hee! “: In the last minute, we've gotten requests for Bergman's PERSONA, Zulawski's POSSESSION and... GOOD BURGER.”
Go Fever. Big game tonight.
follow back :)
Excited for a 4-day weekend? I AM!!
ty for the #ff cluck-out :)
what you on bro
Hm,, why is it I can't follow anyone??
At UNC tutoring tonight while everyone gets to watch the game tonight I get to help the students oh well. Go Tar Heels!
I'm bored & have no one to talk to: so tall to mee...
looking for an ultra modular super interactive multimedia timeline of the future
I just wanna dance
I had you in mind Tony. Thanks for your support! Cheers!
Today's the anniversary of the only reason #brewers fans think Bill Hall would ever be good to bring back.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet bill gates . all he can do is tell me no
It's #sexualwednesday! Yayay Jenna marbles cracks me up. (:
maybe midnight or 1
When you want them, they don't want you. When they want you, you don't want them. When you both want each other, something screws it up.
Can't wait to see punk'd. But I can't see you getting mad you seem so chill!
t-minus 45 minutes til Eric Litwin is at Andersons... are you going ??
Game Dev has to be understood as a system of options since only the beginning is plannable. - Old Prussian General
i want a cute australian accent.
Didn't know you could undo that change. Thanks!
I'm easily confused by technology.
poignant. There's nothing better than overheard dialogue. The best place in the world for that is of course NYC.
Individuality is either the mark of genius or the reverse. Mediocrity finds safety in standardization.~ Frederick E. Crane
school work time...
Looking forward to hearing about your opportunity!
I cleaned out my followers today too and I lost at least 10 now lol
That Buford possession ended just about how I expected, although that was 50% his fault
both my sides look good. At least my mirror thinks so:-)
thank you!
•hypnoeyes• you are willing to follow me also
thanks for the follow! Let us know if you have any mattress or furniture needs!
"True friends stab you in the front." - Oscar Wilde
online! have you gotten yours yet?
Quote of the night: "he's not the sharpest tool in the shed." Me, "but he's the shiniest!"
Agreed! ": I can't get the new chant out of my head....which is a good thing! I effing love it!! "
RT I wish high school basketball was longer and had a shot clock. It would be so much better
Definitely definitely definitely going to add #Girls to my list of shows to follow. I think it might actually be the voice of a generation.
Just another day at High school tomorrow (:
some dude in a band decided he would destroy our bass head but but got it fixed today.
too much to read... What is it? Lol
I've been a little out of the twitter loop lately. I'm glad to hear all is well :)
I love abc family shows , its real teenager shit
so who isn't at the jazz estate tonight? twitter is blowin up! me? i'm getting my KU, UK fix.
Just finished the third book in the Hunger Games trilogy. Borderline devastated.
Ha! Danger...that's my middle name!
isn't it on the 4th floor, south side? Near the global freedom of the press exhibit.
RT : Pittsburgh, the city of champions... and the Pirates.
#DirectionersAreDisrespectful BEST TREND EVA.
Any update on Camby's status tonight?
If we get mfg jobs back we're going to need to be ready to train the new hires!
Just wana be alone :'(
Pleasantly surprised by Contagion, good film.
Count me in! “: Interested in a network of #VSA2011 colleagues to talk to about soc med eval? #letsjoin!”
win, lose or tie I am a diehard fan until I die
Ugh. I hate crying.
HEY GUYS WE'RE RELEASING OUR MUSIC VIDEO ON SEPTEMBER 6TH ALONG WITH OUR SINGLE ON ITUNES, RHAPSODY AND AMAZON SO MAKE SURE TO BUY IT:)
kinda disappointed
If Herman Cain can be a presidential candidate, pizza can be a vegetable.
Damn I was tired as hell today!!! Nothing like an after school nap :)
hahah aw oh, ok, because i was there and i was like no we shouldve met up! i got the best HD videos though! she was perfect.
also fresh update coming in January. Going to include a new feature.
nah he's going to eat while doing chair pose, right?
Finally I'm home <U+E036>
I knew yall might have been a lil funny but not that funny. Yall are hilarious and
The theme this year is "Postmarked 2011," the art is by Breena Wiederhoeft () and Zech Bard ().
Despite national trends #sandiego #housing prices are on the rise...Now it the perfect time to purchase #realestate here!
He's right! As soon as we get rid of this pond scum administration it will improve the economy
Glad to see this addressed. Years of poor posture can cause spinal misalignment that needs treatment.
one of these days we'll have a rematch
Ooh, have fun skiing!
Raspberry nutella at ...if love had a flavor this might be it!
fuck this dissecting a cat bullshit, got cat juice in my eye..
Show love to my ppls
What stores in sd r open?!?!
Antonio Allen
JLo is looking more and more amazing!!!
You're welcome! :-)
Haha that is the sweetest compliment :) thanks girl
<--cannot figure out how to add text to an RT. ack.
You don't, by chance, have a sibling or other family member named Rob do you? I went to Air Academy with one.
#VENGEANCE so stoked, welcome to the family!
i wish that thing was over i wanna go somewhere.....
... "EAT in-between-meals SNACKS. Fruits & vegetables are not required, but snacks should be under 150 calories." ... Your Weight-Loss Coach
haha typical Olson moves.
bakes too. It's a great quality in a boy. Why Katniss doesn't see this (being HUNGRY and all) is a mystery.
yay!!! Have fun!! Send me pics :)
Hey-I see you are a finalist in the Instructables Arduino Challenge!!! Nice!
It is official... the office has run out of ! help! cc:
Ground rule double, I'll take it!
Hope i get this job :)
right on #iloverum - the 21 year old Cuba Libre was legit
i dont no but u should charge ur ipod
I got a new book and I can't seem to put it down. That's the problem with slathering one's hands with rubber cement before touching things.
#eduiconf speakers don't forget to email us your slides for the download site.
This Sunday will be dope
u sure did get the brisket mrs.ImInHeaven
In the studio in LA where John Clayton is producing a CD for Charles Aznavour. Rachelle Farell is the special guest. Really nice.
well it would be my first all-nighter ever :)
Interesting path. How about Jethro Tull (or Steeleye Span for the real folkie touch)?
Good Luck , in Championship Game today.. Bring home title
my story is that one day I will run OWN. Bold but necessary.
I blame that asshole Merlin for setting up shop next door. How's an avg wizard supposed to compete with brand recognition like that?
#Emmy entry early deadline is Monday. Save cash and win a statue
Thanks for sharing out our article!
": Only way I catch blue balls if she had blue lipstick".....get em boy ;-)
Aarghhh... can't sleep.
It's been a long night.
What area of the house do you find to be the hardest part to keep organized?
Left-handers are more likely to be geniuses -- 20% of all MENSA members report being left-handed.
The station is having a bake sale tomorrow! Join us for delicious treats, good music, and sign up to host your own show while you're at it!
happy birthday lovely ! :D you're finally 16! i love you as well as all the other #mahomies! never give up on your dreams ! <3
lmao ok uh qudoba or however u spell it is half off with college id
I have tried codeine cough syrup, masturbating, a hot shower, smokin bowls of kush and white noise and I still cant sleep grrrrrr
We're playing at Kimo's in San Francisco on Saturday June 11th. More details to come...
ya looks that way for now.. more to it then just retiring though
I hate when a mf don't follow directions! Simple directions at that...smh
what? Sounds interesting.
me too!!
Can someone go follow
Talk that talk to me ;*
N what u want to do?
I thought it was positive she put on a good show with her musicians and avoided having a lot of syncing
Naa... It's called frostbite. The numbness makes you think it's warm....
I got a new number! HIT ME UP! 414-429-3973
Back to finish my work tonight, didn't get to bed tell almost 12:00 in the morning this morning. Hope to turn in earler tonight.
Such an amazing song from #boyfriend :D
Thx for the follow!
Don't be Racist.<3 okay, ill try.(:
Hahah I know, right? Cable Pretzel broke up after Small World, for obvious reasons...
Chuck seems to be liking his guided workouts
I don't believe in second chances anymore, second chances are for bitches
Right thing to do? RT : KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) - Obama has sent a letter formally apologizing for Quran burning.
Follow Friday for my #AdTechSF co-panelists:
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported that last month was the warmest March on record at an average of 51.1 degrees i
Sound mix from my window: music, traffic, church chorus, conversations.
I believe that freedom is the deepest need of every human soul
If you work at a store, your not going to make alot of money!! ahahah
Today Is Tunrnin Out To Be A Bitch .
HAPPY EASTER!!! :)
looks like it.
My child’s bowels are triggered by the phrase, “Get in the car. It’s time to leave.”
Is it bad that I don't know who One Direction is?
Its so sad how egotistical some men can be..smh
#fashion is my heart, #music is my soul #modeling is my life
Toothbrush Express offers great discounts on Johnson & Johnson Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
I don't even know who this person is
hey James my bday is sunday is there anyway you can tweet me or follow me it would mean the world to me.
The possibility that we may fail in the struggle, ought not to deter us from the support of a cause we believe to be just. Abraham Lincoln
If you are in the WPB area and want to hear a great band, go tonight to and see winners of the next GAC star,
Congratulations to for her nomination in the 3rd Annual ATL's Hottest Entertainment Award as ATL's "Hottest Female Artist"!!
Quote from Rehearsal: "I don't care if it's French, it's *#>%ing stupid." - Dannie
I can finally get on with my life. Brad and Angelina are engaged.
...This is the element of Freedom. -Alicia Keys.
s/o 2 all the producers and features on
we're going to die.
Thanks! I got all your questions today...
Make my wish come true and follow me.<3 Please.(:
This is exactly why Lebron will never be in the same class as Jordan or Kobe. Clutch wins championships
I can't send u the link unless ur following me. I tried. Just another sign ur meant to be my friend
“: Tau Chapter was chartered on May 1 1922 at Atlanta U for undergraduate men seeking membership into Omega Psi Phi.”
thanks for the s/o
Ayers: DH needs to build things of substance now, with relevance for teaching & broader audiences
thank you for checking us out! :)
Doing well, thanks! Living in my dad's old house. Bob has two girls and lives in Folsom now. How are you?
people are gonna start bringing you avocados which is gonna be even worse than carrots cause they're squishy and get brown fast
Cleveland quit on that play! That was a disgrace.
if you lived in Andover, you would already be home
...I like this! Great share!
haha I'm sure they will be marked down to like $5 in no time. Let's buy Odom jerseys, listen to Alanis, and have an irony party!
I'm hiding mine on a separate page. Best I can do so far...
Looking forward to seeing my Dad and Randy today. Their stays here are always epic. Light housework in preparation.
put the ones that aren't in the boxes
ah! I want to win those passes ! That would make my life <3
Who's ready for my remix of "Call Me Maybe"?.... [This is the best remix I have EVER done. be ready.]
Working the rest of my double tired and pissed off ....
RT : hustling, nothing new lol < Hustling hard or Hustling smart?....Huge difference!
New Mexico Satellite Man can wall-mount that HDTV. Give him a call at 350-6428.
I am loving the quotes today!
interesting that Tide mentioned reach w/ women behind #NFL sponsorship, NASCAR doesn't offer the same audience.
C'mon, Pepsi, make the site live and send me a confirmation with a link to vote!! Stay tuned peeps ADL Center needs your votes!
The average sleep time of a dog is said to be 10.1 hours per day...jealous?
for the last 10 years Sandler movies have sucked. last 2 good ones were happy gilmore and billy madison
I know who to call wen im down
now all the lames popular
Correction! I am NOW and no longer SimplyGrapes.... :)
Aw thanks!
If I didn't have a quiz today, I wouldn't be leaving my bed all day
GO LEVY
found you!
i havnt been to my grandmas in a min !
Custom reporting tools help map activity to measurement goals
Apartment above me is blasting "oldie" and shaking the walls while I'm writing this paper. You know what...that's ok with me.
Ask Zayn a question!!!!
i wish i liked energy drinks - i've got to wake up!
It's a bit emotional for us here. We've never worked without Walt as part of the on-air mix. Will miss his wit on
I see what you're doing there. :3
when im done doing the dishes im going to eat... opposite :)
Wonder where babe's at?
Digitas new front panel discussion
I call that a warm up. But then again I might have a problem…
yea we do it'll be fun
RT : The more I watch the Highlighters in person, the more I can't get over the length they have in the frontcourt.
Enjoy the last day. Safe trip home, guys!
I really need to work on being someone respectable at conferences, and not the person who starts bagging on religion immediately.
Best of luck, win one for the nice, good guys. Wishing you all the luck in the world.
Epic Snowboards on 23rd and Vaughn is having a rail jam this Fri. Free beer, BBQ, and prizes. Lunatik Clothing will be there! Check it out
I love the smell of online commerce in the morning
I'm still not sure on him, will let u know as soon as I hear
wish I could be there, follow anyways?
“: Gallup: Obama most admired man (17%) followed by Bush (3%), Clinton (2%)...Gingrich makes list with 1%” i admire
EARTH DAY
Quoting my friend re: Jeremy Lin: Better PR for Asian Americans than money can buy!
Flip flops, tshirt, and shorts. Oh how wonderful is a
weren't social service offices around before President Obama??? I think so.
aha. Now now all of us know everyone misses their favorite Asian, Jess & me screaming at #bachelor and #t&t. hah
We need silent auction items for a fundraiser in April. If you have anything you can donate, please let me know!
why didn't slayer join in the Big Four jam session?
:There are 3 types of people in this world: those who make things happen, those who watch things happen and those who wonder what happened.
K, I don't do this often/at all, but the chick singing on #Thevoice is KILLING it! Love me some oldschool
#welovegreyson because his style<3 there's no way of describing it I love it!!(:
Got out just in time, it seems.RT BREAKING: National Weather Service says Texas sets record for hottest June-August in U.S. history. -EC
i love it when i see a celebrity with a "self-taken" picture as their twitter or watev profile pic it makes me think they're people too :]
+1 RT : "If you have one foot in the past and one foot in the future, you're pissing all over today"
I marked out when Lesner came out!
#madisonbiketoworkweek tip of the day...ride with your mouth closed. *cough*
We're the new Hoda and KathyLee... I call not Hoda.
plus his last name is crazy hard to spell
Well, that's *his* job--if I can't find one of my own I might still need to go baron hunting.
maybe a dog is considering you as an owner in the future. EVER THOUGHT OF THAT!?!
Badger football ranked #7 in the latest BCS poll
It's not your fault, but is is your problem.
cheap dive where one of the patrons references cyrano? yes, please. thank you,
as for the timing...the pressure's been on since Biden spoke. I don't really know why now, but it's a political risk for sure
With all these releases, games that require a little dedication get ignored as a result. A game's community can't flourish this way.
true true. See ya tomorrow brother!
Just welcomed 8 members of the team to New York with Shake Shack, the burgers of champions.
#BestThingYouNeverHeardof rewinding, freezing and fast forwarding time.
~47% use non-"sanctioned" sites and devices to supplement training/learning in the workplace! #sociallearn (so i'm not the only one...?!)
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 2
How cool is that? Truly an honor to see
The Welkinn Complex, a medical conspiracy novel, written by Kevin Kiely, now available at online book retailers such as Amazon, B&N, & more.
El Cajon City Council preparing to conduct interview for Planning Commission vacancy, appointment
Like... He's on the screen talking about murders and I'm just like "you gorgeous mother fucker umphhhhhh"
My homie just got out its on 2nite
Good morning!
Happy Valentine's day!! Wishing you love and happiness ALWAYS!! Xoxo
Thanks for the RT Paul...ENJOY the rest of your evening :))
"We shall take your castle by force!"
Make sure to stop by our 2012 West Side Summer Show, Sun Jul 29th @ Wagner's Country Inn, in Westlake. 11a-6p. Over 170 vendors!
Serenity likes to dance in the shower to indie music. I have the best kid ever.
We just got the Williams-Sonoma Xmas catalog. Now I really want to make a bunch of candy. That's normal, right? ;)
MT Intern. Then repeat. RT : What's the best way to get into sports with no work or education experience ?»
Doing a new play reading tonite through Three Roses Theatre Co. -- very cool script!
about a year ago, but I didn't read it until two or three weeks ago
because people are dumb, and believe everything they hear because they are desperate.
The best part of being a supervillain is the freedom to laugh maniacally at all times
Each performance onward moves history forward, starting at community day & continuing now, Live at TheHowardTheatre w/ Bonney &
saturday! I'ma have my phone & $&
I'm pretty sure that Snuggle is the creepiest product mascot ever created.
Thanks for posting, very kind of you!
our job is easier because we are blessed with great kids!
The real being, with no status, is always going in and out through the doors of your face. Lin-Chi
Just ate bowl of oatmeal with only minimal pain. Heading in the right direction!
I don't care :)
Nice to see ref back in the WWE ! Glad to have you back !
super lucky girl!(:
Going Global TV (goingglobaltv) thanks for the follow.
new follower!!! ;)
when i walk into school i go do what i gtta do then get df out.....norcross im moving cant wait and it will be alright
We made out first pit stop on the way to #Milwaukee...5 miles from our house. By this estimation, we'll be in Milwaukee maybe next week.
I enjoyed 2, haven't finished the first, but just really haven't picked up the other two. That said, American Revolution FTW
Just let me know when you are ready to make switch. I can work a deal. Take care!
Spending time at Mimi's before school and work consume my life this summer <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
Hair cut then pet supermarket then publix and finally the gym
We just did some spring cleaning on our patio...new tables, new landscaping....and more. We are ready for FQF!
I want some chicken and waffles
If you are sitting in mcfaddens comparing with each other what size you wear in Versace couture, I automatically hate you.
Also, #becauseitsFriday I went with my dad and my sister to a family dinner at China Buffet.
why does playlist live have to be on the other side of the universe?
#Orlando professionals to follow RT : Erb & Young Insurance combine integrity and competence as your trusted advisor
Quinn, you better stay away from Artie.!
are u going to game?
So which friend is getting married first. I'm ready to kick off this whole partying at weddings thing.
RT : Gon Bops launch new website: There's also details of the new Gon Bops clothing line, which includes T-shirts, ha......
I'm sick of this shit
thanks #dthr and #peoplechat -- great way to spend my lunch hour! ...now back to the HR tasks at hand....
SWAG-SHE WANTS A GENTLEMEN (I doubt ull ever see is!</3) rttt
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself turn into a villian
THEY GONNA GET U !
Omg ii hate pig
Golden Pride, hands down.
Wish we would have seen Multilingual Social Media in there! RT : Gini Dietrich: 8 PR, marketing and social-media trends...
I find 6" kindle screen pretty impossible for PDFs... DX wd be better, but that much $ puts you near iPad range
Mathematics are well and good but nature keeps dragging us around by the nose. ~Albert Einstein
When my butt is sore, I squeeze it. :D
We've got 2004 reasons to be #thankful this year. Cheers to all of you!
. Follow me<3 !
Simpsonizers Cant Wait For Paradise!
Happy new years eve everyone, (:
Just heard, "It'd run a maggot off a gut truck." We were talking about farming. I love the South.
Free Keda Mac
Don't cry over a guy let a guy cry over you cause girls GIVE&FORGIVE and guys GET&FORGET
for the next 2 months, im gonna be in a
would you mind following me now..?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Since I was only about 4 years old, don't think there were too many #ThingsISaidInThe90's
prob is "you belong @ your lib" seems to physical-lib centered. I want to stress online access/ref.
hahahah c: you've officially followed my wicked annoying twitter wahoo!!
Looking like a bag of money
Bang Bang!!!
Beauty is the first present nature gives to women and the first it takes away
Ain't tweeted in a good min
Hahaha "We all know a douchebag named Tyler.." lmaoo!
Our first customer arrived...his name is Alan!
Okay well yeah that's fine I can understand that you have tons of work to catch up on :) but hey like I said today at the park
Great United States of Americana show this morning! happy mothers' day!
Found my phone case. No worries.
why do so many gays want to be "plastic?" Plastic is cheap, just look at Barbie, each one of those whores is only like $15. lol.
T.Swift still trending.. Crazy she can make nothing to something in her life. Not alot of people can say that
i had fun last night
Haven't felt like complete shit in a while.
I just tweeted in my pants
tried some newly formulated Schiltz. Not too shabby...
Tried to use my free pizza last night. Their app didn't recognize the coup, and the store mgr had no knowledge of the promo!
Running a 5K.. What the hell did I get myself into..
Used to be first now I'm dead last Smh
Ike: "Take that piece of paper, and shove it sideways up you're wrinkled *ss."
my day was great :) and ah im jealous that you caught a fish! i go fishing with my uncle & i've never caught one! lol
Apparently my Mondays are turning into hiking days. Not a bad routine...
GRANDmorning ya'll, woke up because I got a text message and my phone vibrates really loud!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Registered for 5K race on Long Island next weekend :)
...and take down your Lugar sign already.
Connecting personally. (I'm @ RedeApp).
Shower or eat first?
wanna help a runner out? Nathanpeelphoto.com/check-it ... Scroll down and vote for Mary and Sean!10,000 bucks toward the wedding!
The smell of cigarettes make me wanna vomit
Looking to get ahead in your outbound campaign? #magnalogix can help. 866.460.6611
Ha! To criminal defense? Or personal injury? Called the City Engineer, but don't know if there's any way to make street safer.
Its to nice
And truthfully, I've had women friends who wished they were taller. Not 6'2 tall lol, but yeah, I get ya.
or maybe it was just tactical to get a contract offer that has yet to come, and may never.
Sup! I am going crazy trying to figure out how to get my twitter on... how are things! Like Dr. Evil would say.
Thanks for noticing! RT : books on Kindle for non-extortionate prices? Swoon.
Hangover city bitch, hang-over city bitch
Fan-f**king-tastic work on your site, man! Thanks to for the nod. Love the NBC rebrand.
i have been busy but all is well
jealous fiancee by a mile.
you told me to check your hometown on FB
I hope everyone shows up to my St. Paddy's Day non-alcoholic party...
It looks like we have a similar background; I'm also a drummer & aspiring producer hoping to work in the music biz
No kidding! Thanks!
By the looks of my TL a lot of ppl seem to be down. If I could wave a magic wand to make things better I would!
I can be there in about 10 hours. Can I stay for the rest of your life?
lol that's hilarious
Four steps apparently doesn't equal a travel when you're a Big East team.
just you wait... Two and three are better. ;)
so that last tweet was trying to find out how crowded shamrocks is right now. Many people there?
check out this month for a feature on the SIDESHOW FRINGE FEST! don't forget to follow for details!
goodnight everyone
omg hi
Thank you for registering for the 2012 Beer Bloggers Conference, scheduled for July 13 – 15 in Indianapolis, Indiana.
have you gotten any of my texts ? :p i miss you and so does this account XD
Going outside to chill with my buds.
Que comience la pachanga!! Let the party start!! <U+E03E>
slaimon the god follow me back :)
in milw? When?
Salary is $174k. I have pledged not to keep more than $100k of it.
An "And but so" popped out of my mouth today and I had to then face my own problems overusing such. I am powerless in its face.
Whoever thought it was funny to sign my cell number up for "Cat Facts" better hope I don't find out who u are!
You're only gonna let me down when it counts.
I'm so jealous! I want to go to Toronto. It's wedding season so I'm going crazy!!
Well, I guess we're a Tiger town for a while.
well hey too you also! I hope your Cards win tonight, that would be awesome for them!
great labor day weekend. saturday, I won 4 gold medals at USgrappling submission only tournament. My 27 sec. sub. was the fastest of the day
Nice!.....B'fast looks awesome! Enjoy.--Happy Mothers Day !
Y do I even bother with relationships
Welp, last time I try to give you advice
Ha! It's not online yet....but I'll FB it to you! You well?
Very exciting that we've got games on Wednesday night AND Saturday night this week. Come out to McNally's and watch 1st place !
I'm alright economic sh
follow and please :D x 31
omg. peeing myself. zayn's reaction to getting flashed >>>>>
Thanks for the follow :)
Still official. Still "STUPID HOT".
DM us your contact info
Hey Summer girl, hope you check out our songs and like our FB page!
Pretty sure I just designed a distinct and successful wine label. Time will tell.
The awkward moment when your blowing mucus out your nose and mouth at the same time D:
buy criminal video on iTunes.. 1.99$
or all the requests! I mean, don't people learn? I don't want to tend your fields or meet you at the poker table. :/
try to find a veteran 2nd baseman...question is who??
New Dog Care Guide for Tucson Dog Owners Released Tucson resident, Dog Behavioral Therapist & Master Trainer Gerard Raneri, has released
Overheard in the beer aisle, "I've never had Tecate."
I would be at the American Idol live taping if I didn't live in Miami. What a waste...
aw! :( well i hope you can go! :) its gunna becrazy with btr and cody..
Watching "The FOX Report With Shepard Smith" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Tevez has a 6pack like mine
Delivery guy called to say he left some flowers for me with my neighbor, but he wouldn't tell me who they were from.
There's always money in the banana stand!
they are not related yu retard
word. MT I'm amused by ppl who dont recognize indpnt consultants as entrepreneurs or service providers as viable businesses
im mad that i didnt have anyone to take me!! i had the money to buy my ticket but no one to take me
Moving to Desoto next year :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> got my tickets to the gun show <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Stay tuned for weekly updates-we are starting new and exciting things Dottie Doolittle!
glad to hear it. We’re also looking forward to a great workshop!
Inspired by real life
do you know how to unhook a bra. me and were just wondering. actually Maria was :)
Don't disagree with your comment about digitalvaults.org. It all seems rather random ...
like 10 minutes after you said you were going to sleep (:
Eyes get tired. For fun, try an audiobook. What a treat!
: I'm crying everytime i listen to #TurnToYou you can hear, that Justin has written the song with all his heart <3” (3)
man... That's my dude and all but... This Fro is legendary... I need experienced clippers on heem...
#josswhedon thank you!!!!
Eye appointment for my 7 year-old today. This will result in glasses. I have my money right here! Thank you !!!
You are most welcome!
Anyone else having trouble logging into Hootsuite? It's not recognizing my username.
Having an awesome afternoon hanging out with my parents! My fathers talking about his childhood in Alabama during the 50's. Hilarious!
: What to do if you find a #kohails problem--complain? French do that a lot... or contribute! :D
Histology question: apocrine and eccrine sweat glands have different-size lumens, it's how you tell them apart. Students asking why, IDK...
for the trip that you took, did you have to get permits and whatnot in advance?
Hahaha alain jus opened a can of chunky soup and jus started eatin it talkin bout "I dnt got time for all that microwave shit" lol
hiring managers: what's the best question you've heard from a candidate?
I just found one. Hit me up once your in.
R.I.P Junito FUCK the WORLD if U aint IN it !
bella you should come home for a while like in florida in fort walton beach go to the mall its big and fun
It's all old fashioned and slow. NOPE!
ok. hopefully it won't be to big of a hassle to move
I need a favor! We're still in 2nd place... can you vote us into 1st by everyone clicking on GirlFriendCIRCLES!
I think I've discovered what I'm going to do on my vacation: 24/7.
As if justin bieber one direction and big time rush weren't enough my 10 year old daughter is making me watch japanese boy band videos SMH
God gave His only Son so He could have a relationship with you. Why would u think He would withhold anything else from u?
dude, for sure! Hit me up!
Well....my night was just made...hello aj....
This is getting fucking annoying now!
STIX the CAT sez, "hi mike larsen and a good meow to you - thx for the follow - meow!"
Anytime after six....pm
At times, nothing is more discouraging than unappreciated sarcasm.
you think they wouldve had a chance? With or w/o rose they were gonna get smacked
Still waiting to go on the air, are you watching?
1st course: bialy with smoked salmon and blackhawk porter.
The polls are closed. And, special coverage on WUWM is live. Tune in.
Looks interesting! I'll be there!
RT : #FoodieChats A3: My wife says it's her. I tried to argue until she said, "Hey, I'll eat a pound. Will you?"
we're working finalizing a date in October for this years Accessibility Camp DC. Look for an announcement in next week or two.
Sergio Bustos says Hispanics are the soccer moms of 2012-- they could go either way depending on who can deliver the right message to them
CB4 bang'n in the system... str8 outta locash... it's 10 o'clock... do you know where your mom's at?
so, youre saying my bright shining face was not enough to compel you to see me, but my politics are? LOL
Dear work...I'll have a hockey hangover in the morning. Please have the coffee ready. And fuck you Rangers!
That mini snicker bar was love! >>
you need to come on down to San Diego and have our Gumbo party. We never got around to it.
Topic? If for my class, send me the links and I will approve. : RE: newspaper or magazine article that relates to psychology
You know you're a wimp when a giant spider sends you running and shrieking faster and louder than the 7 yr old ur hanging with
The niners may have lost but everyone loses because Madonna is doing the Super Bowl Halftime show.
taking care of business with great #service while I enjoy a coffee, newspaper, and the Sunday shows
I don't rap on twitter little nigga I'm around
Oh my lol!! #LAHair i may watch since tabitha's salon takeover has disappeared for some strange reason
well, I do plan on #douchingitupinarlington on Saturday night
I can't afford Botox so I'm rubbing contaminated corn on my face in hopes that it contains enough Botulism to get rid of my laugh lines.
come in and see them anytime.. They love visits! :)
i got to go to yanks stadium last night and watch the o's shut them down 5-0. and it was awesome. and i almost got in a fight.
Beauty is skin deep....wait isn't that a commercial?!
Thanks! Easily one of my favorite books of all time!
Unlike Social Media, we actually help you monetize and track your marketing results, short and long term. We guarantee better results.
and it was delicious!! Thanks for joining.
Must have sense of humor to read all the tweets his/her players tweet about them.
#ThingsThatMakeMeMad I say I'm going offline and not to tweet and then fucking everyone tweets me. GOSH I HATE THAT SHYT
Wish I could respond via twitter. Oh well...
I'm going to use the words "pursuant to" so many times in this MD Civ Pro #lawschool exam...
we just came from flamingo pool.. with armie and cuz..
Dysfunctional ass mf!
Are you ready for some football?
I do lots of things, thank you very much!
upgrade complete, system restored and cache cleared!
Now is a great time to start an online store! You can be open to sell for Christmas season...let us show you how!!
you are beautiful just the way you are :)
I like to play dirty tricks on those telephone fundraisers, mostly because I tell them not to call but they do anway
There are many types and kinds of guides, let self respect be yours.
unfortunately i did not. gotta work on my fundamentals
When you start laughing for no reason and can't stop >> <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
": whts good ahki I nd 2be in one of the academy award winning films u producin">>Ayee thts the Key to Get an AWARD COMIN
“: Oh snap, #Obamacare is going to give us more coverage for less money!
Thank you for doing this I'm super excited!!!
VIP night at Scholars Inn. Buy one appetizer get one free!!!
Cool, keep me in the loop!
"Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo." - H. G. Wells (1866-1946)
Way to go Scott Fligor - our newest EMT behind the wheel!
I can't wait for Super Junior's comeback coming up this year! And they are already recording their 6th album!
word up. Live and learn.
glad to hear it. I will fight all of you
the cameraperson is making too many movements it's a total blur with just random signs showing.
#turn #up #the #love #now #we're gonna save the world tonight!
thanks for a great season! Go Pack!
Best. Night. Ever
Not good to be outnumbered...
...it looks like a box with an arrow coming out. Click it and then look for button: "Add to Home Screen." Press it. That's it.
Happy Valentine's Day from your friends at Encore Stage & Studio! Why do you LOVE Encore? Share it here!
was just talking about the confit; haven't tried it yet. Might have to do it this weekend. Knife reminds me that I need a ham...
#iWannaGiveAShoutout To my band Sexual Chocolate
Keep out of Florida's gated communities
Ever put Nutmeg instead of Cinnamon on your Cinnamon & Sugar toast?! .... Yeah, me neither.
what does HP selling of its PC Business mean for Microsoft?
I wish I could correct
"I don't want to marry someone brave and honorable!"
Oy va voy! Maccabi Haifa hires Bernie Fine as a consultant! Strange hiring for the struggling team, don't think I would want to be involved
When I arrived there were only three other people here now, all cute young men. Now three cute young women have arrived. Coincidence?
Listening to 's composition + guitar solo being played #live on #TV right now on #CBS. So cool!
Helping students learn is something we can all do intentionally, no matter whether we are faculty, librarians, archivists, or technologists
I'm not saying I disagree with you. I'm just answering your question "Why?" Though I don't think he should have said that
OMG! It's in the Oxford English Dictionary
Thx - I work for an amazing org to make play and recess possible for kids at low-income schools across Baltimore.
gorgeous day by the pool after a great #americanreunion party last night!
I am creating jobs with and I am not using 1 taxpayer $ and don't need one. Taxpayer $$ need to stay in taxpayers pocket
will be on with today after 5:30 talking #Dancing with the Stars on tonight at 7.
Good friends are like stars you don't always see them but you know they're always there!! <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0086>
It should not be legal to be awake right now.
#FF because he is a "bad boy" c;
I dyed part of my hair red:)
Hahahaha! Mine plays live from Anguilla!! RT : I like buffets. Guess that's different though.
I'm at my school band concert. Waiting for my turn. ;) You??
What salon in LA do you go to for your hair? I know I heard it in one of your videos I just cant remember which one.
Getting off twitter for the night<U+270C>
Time for a drink !
Oh this Thursday. We're playing with Ha Ha Tonka and Spring Standards at Club Cafe. It'll blow your pants out. Get there, yinz.
www.indianacountyfair.com has been updated! check back soon for a BIG announcement about the country performer!
Super productive day with the talented and beautiful #pnb #business #acting thank you! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
not since you left thanks for bringing back up all those horrific memories
check your twitter now :) love you .... I look crazy
haha your welcome (: why don't you move to Texas Huh? Lol
no Brian just no #OKC !
#NP "Down By The Water" The Decemberists, from the "FUV Live 14" CD I got on Thursday night! Good stuff.
I believe that SPARKS went to press today. Celebrating with pumpkin gingerbread at HQ with
#ThatOnePersonWho can make you smile through anything you're going through
What do #RewardMilk (brought to you by Huntley's Brand) and the human orgasm have in common? ... Absolutely everything.
outstanding... for me lots of family time. well actually only family time. all good. enjoy the week.
I'M REALLY LOOKING FORWARD TO RECEIVING 'S TWITTERINGS.
yes, it's sort of become a moving target for different reasons. Should be after Tales.
The fact that I just bought this emoji 2 app & can't figure out how to use them while over here is rubbing it in my face <<
My job consist of running the companywide bracket challenge. HA!
based on dollar volume, Northern Manhattan recorded the biggest jump in activity from a year ago rising 83% to $155M in sales
about to get this vocal session going
Less than an hour! Be at the Bradley Center at 6:30 to help #FoodFightMKE beat hunger! Don't be late!
Don't miss the older ones. In my opinion, they're better. Later ones seem to get self-indulgent.
Just bought my fishin'/huntin' license which means and I catch as many fish and shoot as Manu varments as I want yes!
Having to schedule time a week in advance to see your roommate. Yeah, that kind of week.
I can def. see arguments vs. Hill. He was the end of that tier for me, hoped Jenkins would fall
Ain't that the truth. If it doesn't you'll be fine, but the person at the other end needs some incentive =)
so we are indeed LIVE tonight on 105.3 FM the Spy at 8pm...tune in, call in, drop out, question authority :)
Can someone explain to me how Oregon slips to #3 in the final polls after losing in the final seconds in the National Championship game?
Finally I'm onlinee :)
Bring it on baby lol!!
#OverheardOnPolkStreet: "He's from Minnesota, but he was raised Jewish."
Tony, you're right. Pratt is an elected official and runs the office. But she's not on Twitter.
I'm sick. Haha life sucks.
Sue and Jimmy Feeley say hi and good luck! They are my friends!
at which show?
This USAF wife would love to attend HUGE parade in NYC to welcome home hubby & all who have served!
Whoadere RT : Girls that smell like fish
Ok, I had to check on you to make sure you were ok. It's never easy dealing with the lost of someone dear to you.
Rt Nobody can go bak and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending...!
Today I'm a Hep Cat.
You don't need diet pills, crazy contraptions. U just need to learn how to move more and eat less.
some things just aren't meant to be tweeted J.
But I did my first angel drop outside on grass- woohoo!
“: The talk with and in the library today >>>” was fantastic <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
I will pretty much do nothing in the office today.
Here come the #Bills. They want to make a big trade, but at No. 10, it's Michael Floyd or Riley Reiff or...hm....Melvin Ingram.
Thank you President #Obama ... it took a while, but you took your stand - everyone deserves the chance to marry the person they truly love!
U A FUNNY WOMAN LOL
Can somebody tell me a punter was not drafted in round 3 ?
In that dream I'm as old as the mountains
I'm like two blogs behind! Should finish one about my show on Saturday, tomorrow tho.
I think you would look better in Kentucky Blue!! 2012 National Champions!! Go Big Blue!!
Heading to Los Angeles for #SNDLA meetup
who's the girl singing in the pepsi commercial?
Follow my other twitter, pls guys, I follow back;) ! Thank u
Thanks to for all your great wishes. Hope you stay engaged in local politics
Lol broke my wrist
Hell ya!!! 10 in a row baby for player of the week!
lol I see. But I ain't mad at ya get yo money
so my county has an "excessive heat warning" tomorrow, from noon to 7. we ain't got AC. i'm going to shop at walmart for 7 hours. :P
ALWAYS appreciative of the whole CSN team, but today is my hero. And I've never been so happy to see in my life.
I'm just saying in my past. Idk if this girl is like that but it seems like it always is
bleached/bleached/bleached/bleached
yeah but this is amber an I could be the girl of your dreams
Good #Defense #Cowboys (:
Interns going through professionalism & etiquette training today. Do you need to brush up on your skills?
With iPads there are more "in-book" distractions, even w/ Kindles, etc, you don't have other app temptations.
Fuck. Couldn't remember a damn thing for that final exam
I can't remember -- should i get you guys tickets for Market at the Foodbank on April 22?
i also like Zendaya's Clothes too but i love bellz a lil more
i know it's spring because most of my 5th graders have dating on the brain. oye.
He gone! RT @ Thank you MLB Network, for cutting in just in time for me to hear Hawk's heart break
Well put. However, 'tis evil thoughts create my wordetry.
deep memories of you absolutely owning that at karaoke! (i'm trying to add "i like it" to my repertoire)
Fugitive siblings sentenced
can you ping me on Skype?
reading then bed
If you’re getting married soon, say #IDo to FITzee, too! #Brides will feel fit and fab walking down the aisle w/ us by their side.
It's little 5!!
There nothing you can do or say you going to break my heart anyways :/ I love you E.S
Lied in my last tweet.
WE GOTTA CLOSE THESE FOOLS OUT
j j DYNOMITE!
Who is Greenberg, and what did he/she/it say?
Don't steal my smilies fool!
Hopefully I have my car back tomorrow. I miss Roscoe </3
Iowa State wins!!! Beats Okla State... And now they celebrate blaring Neil Diamond Sweet Caroline. WOW... No wonder they usually lose!
I want a Charlotte Bobcat's jersey!
you do a great job Carla!
Text me driving down to the lake
&#9819; Protect your home
Oh yeah I bumped into at Plaza Bonita today.. c:
cameo in next movie fer sure lloyd!
m egg nog. I need to visit you soon. I'll be out there for Christmas but you'll prolly be in Phoenix. :0(
Where are all my atheist at? #AtheismRollCall didn't it use to be #atheistrollcall ? Either way:)
Come out & join us at WalMart & Borders Books on US31 South in Greenwood Sat from 11-2p as we collect donations 4 Operation Christmas Child!
oops... sorry i shouldn't have asked what episode lol? :P can i ask how long was your scene? and i know that they would for sure..
This is a GREAT compliment. Writers dream about causing readers to miss subway stops.
I would say I'm getting to old for this job but that's far from the truth. That ain't the problem...
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Watching Charlie St. Cloud. I just love to torture myself :'(
Actually we're a refrigerated cold brew coffee that's sold in bottles at grocery stores. We got our start at
just gave $1K to GUSailing through HoyasUnlimited. Wanted @ b a part of the success of such talented kids. Ahoy Saxa!
A friend in Denver just recommended a new breakfast spot, Just opened last month in Hillcrest!
Ross so sorry at play station
lol Right !doe
An ADT salesman just knocked on my door with the "shave and a haircut" knock. What a jerk.
yes, especially the penthouses, but its a co-op.
Just had a meeting with Great dude, killer office.
Hope Nintendo can compete with Microsoft, Ubisoft and Sony's great showcases yesterday
I saw u at Barracuda in Portland, Oregon a couple years ago. Do u have any upcoming Oregon shows? Huge fan!
After a week in Utah, Las Vegas, and California, I'm looking forward to going home to my tiny apartment...
If you think marriage is a dying institution in society email . Looking for people and their opinions!
Endless connects and clients I put on for my city no matter where I go I don't forget where I came from
Ridiculously long day starting at 5:00 AM and ending now at 11:55 PM. I don't need sympathy. I need sleep. Next gig at 6:45 AM.
Thanks to all the couponers who brought in food for #Mama'sPantry. We are always in need of nonperishable food donations
that's cute
Seriously just saw a woman sporting a George Washington hairstyle.
Packers are up 6 points, all we need is a FG to put this game away!
Be strong. I know it's hard, but you will get through this.
"Let your mind dance with your body." -My tea bag.
i know, i know. family shmamily..
*Food hits floor* Little germs: GET IT!! .... King Germ: NO! We must wait 5 seconds!
see, if some ppl would keep themselves still on facebook for a minute, they mite learn sumptin' *looks to st lou*
Celebrating a New Year! Best wishes for health and happiness to all the Curtins worldwide!!! Welcome 2012!!!
Just signed up. Looks pretty cool! Thanks for the tip
AAPT - about to get crazy in late May. Can't wait for everyone to find out about Pawtizer updates and more!!!
Can't wait for Roller Derby tonight! Scrapes, scratches, and...smooches?
“: Rylee Get So Hyped When She Hear My Voice .” When She Hear Mines Too lol
chicago where you from
You LATE
Want to climb into the hot tub with us?
Fire extinguisher part 2.
I got you baaaaabbbbe yea I got you baaaabbbbe!
On the plus side I'm well insulated to be out on the street at 4am in just a t-shirt
Treat your girl like a princess
Don’t miss out on the Hillcrest Farmers Market Visiting Chef Series this Sunday where is the special guest chef!...
.He doesnt make Maudey wear the tinkle bell. We celebrate Xmas & Hannukah. Happy Hannukah 2 u & your pretty mom.
dig dat bro!!!
They're called "hashtags," and there ain't no master list! Where's a librarian when you need one?
All those punks at are trying to stop me but they'll never succeed never EVER!!!
GM Adam, thats real kool, ur know I Want You, is one of my favorites... pls have a fantastic day today...
killin it on the 1's and 2's. Top 10 dj's he's 1 and 2 Got them girls stretching like "and 1 and 2"
RCI is now LIfeROOTS, please add our new page LifeROOTS
Mike Pence has some really weird abortion fetish....way to go on the culture wars
I think exercise tests us in so many ways, our skills, our hearts, our ability to bounce back after setbacks
I will hunt you dooowwwnn.
Good to see you're alive!
So what did you make instead? Do you have a thermometer in your fridge? Optimum temp is said to be 35-38.
and don't forget to yell MIKE SMITH SUCKS!
Christopher Plummer is a lock for Best Supporting Actor #Oscars... Wish "Beginners" was more about Hal's character!
Reading 'Just Kids' by Patti Smith. Brings back memories of CBGB's and the day I performed there - her energy gave me strength.
I need a good Halloween costume that will capitalize on the fact I'll b 7 months pregnant...
Of course!
Acing exams like its my job
lmao thanks u too:)
welcome to twitter
sela compro and you give me the money that day?
I will book the job, the moment I LET GO of HAVING to book the job. I am grateful to keep getting called in. When I detach, I am magical,
no worries! we've put them to use, a whole lot of beautiful minding has happened on those since they've been here
thanks! I'm strugglin
cant wait to see you at
Interesting day with the #earthquake yesterday, few aftershocks last night. Thankfully nothing like Japan, New Zealand, Pakistan, China
Ah, that's the good Irish wit I've been craving!
ahah I'd et the pie and scrape off the custard!!!!!
Probably right to work. Maybe drug testing welfare recip. and public employees. More privitization.
Today's special put us on the map! Beef Lasagna: Hearty four cheese family recipe!
If tomatoes are classed as a fruit, then doesn't that mean that ketchup is technically a smoothie?
#questionsthatdontgetanswers Why don't I look like my parents?
Remember AOL Keywords?
See you on Tuesday at the Moxie Mixer?
Thanks for the #FollowFriday ref!
Think I'm going to stop waiting to finish my studio and get my next project out, what do you guys think? Feel like it's time to get crackin!
just a quick update...I am going into Western Baptist Hospital in Paducah, KY on Feb 4th for surgery.
and grosse pointers, do not forget about grosse pointers
my iPod is brokkkeee.
Big weekend coming up! Thurs. = The Loading Dock in Galveston, Fri. = Rock N Bowl in New Orleans, Sat. = Hotel Sorella in Houston. Woohoo!
: Everywhere! Also: Walker's Point because I'm moving there. Up and down 2nd st. sounds a lovely idea to me...
I was lucky.
THEY ARE RIOTING IN LONDON AND ALL OVER ENGLAND IF THAT SHITHITS HERE HOW WILL YOU REPRESENT!!!!!!!!
Things Weird Between Us Now
Getting tired of trying to hide my wiener from the construction crew working on the apartment.
What happened to zayn? :O
Gone ask me am I mad.. I said No but I know damn well I'm mad
This test bout to be the longest tho
Thank you for coming to and meeting me!!! :)
Papercuts…a tree’s only revenge.
“: I'm super excited about puppy bowl Sunday.”
BUZZCO WOULD LOVE TO HELP YA FILL THIS POSITION! =)
Wednesday's Show at Portside will be rescheduled for a later date!
#storagewars is just so good. :)))
<U+266C> I'm a dog , I'm a dog, I'm a dog, I'm a dog... <U+266C> Or at least my cuz thinks so.. And I can't prove her wrong at this point
Shouts out to boy got heat just wait
I didn't start out that way, but it's like potato chips, you can't have just one! :)
Jesus Fucking Christ.
I think the hardest part of my coming out as a lady who likes ladies was how not surprised everyone was
please do! We are long overdue.
Stressed! Not sure how much more I can take...
rocking a new suit today and looking good!
RT : Have a great start to the semester, Marquette students!
You should consider branding #ugh. There monetization possibilities are endless!
I'm yours tonight.
Just played "Without You" and "Cant Keep" on uke at my show! Great experience!
Great point! :)) RT : Ayers, Wright and Obama have had the same ideas for 20 years and it ain't conservative....
It's crazy how quickly people can forget about you, until they want something from you.
gokey or hokey?
The Modestly Attired Mark
Dont expect me to beg, not in my character sorry
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need. <3
Imma come back wit this check n quadruple it
what sister In law?
#PrivatePractice, you've made me a basket case! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
all this makes me want to do is smash a glass ceiling. still feeling fired up about hillary clinton's interview in elle magazine.
A3: Don't know if this counts but always wanted to be a mind reader....(in a world where people don't always speak their mind)
The #Jaguars just did some Bryan Anger management. Punter helps bail Blaine Gabbert out of all those three-and-outs.
Ramos with MessiLike feet... Ha.
When they have that cute little snore :-)
I would like to thank all our submission readers and editors here at FI. They performed well despite all their other deadlines & demands!
Yea they might talk that shit I'm the only one to get it right
omg you are perfect. i wish EVERY boy was like you.
I was there
#dcmetrosucks single tracking like always
July 24, Happy birthday Miami. Mary Brickell village will be hosting.
Get ready for this weekends games. Who do you have winning? Weekly FREEROLLS! Code TWITTER=35% bonus on 1st deposit!
does she look as she does in muppets?
good thing i kept my lycos email
So yeah, had about enough of this rain. Gah! How is YOUR day going??
And we wonder why American is in such a mess...
RT : Here I go babe...what's good? Just letting people know I fuck with with dimes, babe.....missing u
Right back at you , thanks for the follow! In which city do you shoot?
what u doing Thursday bruh?
When you make a purchase with Franki, you'll receive a $10 credit to your French Pharmacie client account to use at your next appointment!
Participants in Webinars Scheduled This Week Can Learn the Secrets... Anthony Nitz took the lessons he learned during a meeting with Dot
Seriously, somebody needs to make a 50s-era film-noir just to include Stiger's version of "Things Have Changed" during the nightclub scene.
your doing me ;)
Dude, what are you up to these days?
I forgot how big an asshole Bob is ..... and that that is what I love about him.
thanks. You are awesome!!!
If Carlos Slim gave away just 5% of his wealth it would b enough to feed 20 million hungry children for 2.5 yrs
It's President Barack Obama, thank you! There is a title attached to his name.
good idea!
Just taped a broken cigarette together; currently smoking it.
Finna listen to some music
Vikash Chandra...Happy 8th Anniversary as a Jan-Pro Sacramento Franchisee. We value our partnership!
Yes you'll be able to get The Crepes Are in the Oven as a single - just not yet! Soon - promise!!
YourHRPortal followers advertise for free on HRResourcePortal.Com - limited time offer! Ask how - no committments!
So what is everyone in #Cleveland going to be for Halloween???
Being followed by a strange man in a Camry is not the ideal Wednesday night
The struggle, it's real.
Did I miss the day when Obama dropped Biden and added Hilary Rosen to the ticket? What a non-story
Wow, a margarita on our coaster? For shame! ;)
for how long? Do you have time for dinner?
I LOVE YOU.
Since it is teacher appreciation week, I wanted to let you all know how much I appreciate you. Thanks for being great inspiration.
Fear is a great motivator, nice blog, well done
Awesome! RT jamming out VIP fifth weekend arrow!!!
You have any flipped teaching going on in BRF? Love the idea, but haven't seen it myself.
haha wtf I was listening to him too 10 min ago
When can I start being excited about Spring Fling?
hey RA guy. I'm in bed with hurting bad with complications from RA.((((soft internet hugs)))))
I love this song!!
Uh...you know who you are
Bodyguard Nation’s nationwide database of Security Jobs can be the perfect opportunity for you
Ah, just saw that. Hrmmm... Congrats on the DOOM collection btw!
Death by cookies...
I slept from 5PM to 6AM. I want to hate everything right now.
All right - my yoga music needs restocking! Any favorite yoga tunes?
“: i wanna Baller.. Shot caller” smh Fran
“: been home for 10 minutes and already want to be back at lasell #sundayhurryup” COME BACK NOW I hate life
The bags are juiced for Montero.
Well my phone's gonna be off tmmrw cause my mama doesnt wanna take me to pay it! Ugh.!
maybe that's where I got confused..
Was wondering why I felt so anxious...then realized I just finished an entire grande chai tea...whew.
DM We're preparing a national PR & marketing campaign for the most cost effective digital learning solution.How can you help?
u mean feeling blessed and so appreciative 4 every beautiful day? Definitely :)
did you have mcas today?
You have all the answers!
having an awesome worship "let ur haters be ur elevators" -Dr. Lee P. Washington
Stay tuned for letsGolocalNYC official launch party, because you are all invited
Why Come Nick Is Trying To Straighting His Hair && The Fucking Iron Thing Is Smoking Like A Mother Fucker ! Lol He Stupid .
Wish I was at for some delicious baked goods.
I was up all night thinking about this. We should discuss and write more about this topic.
you're always invited anywhere I go! I'm with the momma for my brothers graduation from grad school.
it's twitter. Comedians joke about death all the time. It's how the human race copes. It's very sad to me but laughs are needed
So just followed me.. This is pretty cool! :)
that's exactly right. my two kids are younger but even with teens so much arranging you have to do
When your tweets are taken as subtweets <
God has a plan for me :)
GOOD MORNIN WORLD
go check Netflix's new releases
Please take this #pinterest survey! Thanks!
Tobias Fünke would like to talk to you about that . . .
aw yay :D of course haha x
Yeah I didn't think so
we're clearance shopping bitch.
Of course!
Where dem gays at gays at??
THIS! YES!
I cannot go through the day without dealing with someone's bs or constantly being reminded of how Im making someone unhappy..tired of caring
: My meaning did not pertain to fibrous arts. I'm simply done and I have not resources to accomplish anything.
I am great love! you almost done with school? x
never... How u figure
thanks, I needed that,
On my way to DC for the Christian comedy conference. Use me Lord.
#GOP says gay rights is not a civil rights issue Seriously? You're all the same, bigots, backward thinking morons
A free haircut with color service. DM your answer daily and be entered to win:)
Tomorrow at grapevines stadium at 7 vs Mansfield.. Be there! If we win we travel to midland and everyone can miss school Friday so be there
Agreed! Shows a fundamental lack of understanding, or perhaps disregard, of different priorities of managers & bedside RNs.
Last #BICSI concurrent session for the day. Let's see how this one goes. High expectations.
oops, they don't have Christmas in Chino. Wann wunn.
#ThingsThatBotherMe This new Twitter layout what happened to simplicity?!?!
hahaha! kids can be so great!
The Connecticut Sun. An Example of the Rich gettin Richer. Gettin Chay Shegog at #21.She is a FORCE at both ends! The draft must be rigged!
Had so much fun with some old friends from Ennis tonight :) . . . Welp, Cedar Hill tomorrow!
we ballin with the big boys
Why, didn't the crew get a copy of the script?
New Mass Alimony Law Goes Into Effect Today. How has it - will it - affect you? Tune-in or call-in at 12pm...
Curled my hair & this wind is fucking it up, great.
you really should be!
Books4teenboys..HUMAN.FOUR by MIke LAncaster. Reads like a short story. Suspended reality parallels "The Twilight Zone". Unique;Captivating.
what do normal people do in between meetings...?
get ready to say Ahh lol
We can't just have measures we actually have to value them
will be filming the video for his single "My City" off his "Passion For Perfection" mixtape stay tuned for location info!
it helps, but what they really love is seeing that you've gone to various different teachers with distinct methods.
Aren't you going to share? :)
i thought i was theb only one
Need that last minute Christmas gift #SteelerNation??? www.24infinity.com - Spread the Swag!!!
I'm up with you homie.
If you cant fuck shut up
I've always wondered what that song lyric said.
Not sure what to do :(
So old!
Just bcuz i dont talk to you doesnt mean i hate u...it means i strongly dislike you or i hope u get eaten
Damn durant wet!
how was your time in Houston sorry I couldn't make it
I just want to devote my life to Diablo 3. Only problem... I don't own it. Does it work on OSX?
Hey, abortion is serious. Cut it out.
You gave us a "go Hoosiers!" fist pump in the hotel lobby at SXSW last year. Do317com had love for then. Party tickets worthy?
was stargazing in the middle of Montana. Clear, moonless night. Miles from any towns. The Milky Way stretched from horizon to horizon.
So it's okay for the lakers to win by 30+ but when they lose by 30+ everyone else has to shut up...something ain't right
Exactly! Always looking for the next Tiger. He's not out there. RT : I thought McIlroy was the next guy?
“: Have y'all muthafuckas seen The Wire? Shiiii I'd rather deal with that Wisconsin cold.” lol
GM, Happy Monday let's pursue our passions, live our dreams & fulfill our destinies
Avatar > Studying
I'm upset because ustream was so short but I'm still thankful that I got to see him. Don't call me fake because I care about seeing him
I've got some shows to pre-screen. I'll be tied up for awhile.
#bizforum Dig the debate format, opp to engage in respectful banter - socratic method for the digital age!
#TravyonMartin - My HOODIE IS UP for Trayvon Martin
Singing with Dad as we fly down highway 65.
Wait, wait, timeout, you gotta be kidding me!
Ah, sophisticated photo spreads at walmart, absolute genius.
Aw :( I get what ur sayin.
that sounds dark man
Thanks everyone. Very excited to get started March 5
Good evening tweeples! The studio feels amazing tonight, and its already cooling off outside.
We second that! RT Looking into fighting next month so I have to soak up all the bad food now lol
Just got some new crazy stuff! Love shopping.
Are you ready for NYE? Last minute manicures and eye brow waxing available! Call us now! 214.521.2112
Well you better be there!
Details, details....I want details!!!
You know, I've been waiting for someone to ask. It feels odd. Oddest in rare moments when I actually identify w/ the character.
MLB is basically threatening future arbitrators into ruling their way.
I've been told im well advance for my age...!! ;)
u know I want to be with u, so what do u think I should do?? B honest
Name one ingredient Just Salad doesn't have. If it's good, I'll go for lunch today. You may answer once. Also, #PingPong?
": Who ready for me 2 post my new tattoo?".....I wanna see
Props to for pointing out that today's Haring Google doodle also looks like it could spell UTOPIA.
Sunday morning starting off with a Mandarin lesson
lets get this done ...
On Friday we return to Stingers to make your dreams come true. The good ones though. Not the ones where you forget to wear pants to the bar.
WELCOME TO PASSION PARTIES!!!!
great game today! Best of luck to you and Brittany this week! Health and Happiness to all 4 of you!
I can't see the video
I'm sure it's warm and moist inside LBVS
In the studio at Tiny Telephone in T-minus 4 days!
RT Starbucks announces a new drink - the #tigerblood latte - a #winning beverage of bitchin-ness available for a limited time!
#round2 let's get it
omg i ran by a ton on my run tonight & it smelled SO GOOD!!!
will you be at word camp or code camp!
CREEPER ON THE LOOSE ...lol Austin! :)
Expert server management at Lithium Networks.
Actually yeah haha :)
well he's normal everybody has their days. But hey I guarantee you next time you meet him he will be in a better mood! :)
Am I the only female left who hasn't read Fifty Shades of Grey? I just saw 2 copies on treadmills at the gym.
CODY PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN THE WORLD TO MEE !!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ru Paul Iron Fist Maribou Mule Slide Slippers in iridescent silver
the sound of local filmmakers collectively saying "oh shit" & scurring to finish RT : #MFF2012 Call for Entries coming very soon...
i quit dance because i missed like 4 classes not because of you...mkay so shut up:/
Day 2 of the CMA Music Fest done. we danced our fanny's off. Back to Big Shotz and Fuel tomorrow. Hear the live stream at
yea! Ikr hope it don't get like school where u can only get signal outside -__-
I'm raising money for - sponsor me here (or PM me for another way to donate that includes fondue!) www.mygivethankswalk.org/sabrinah
#opera rehearsals for #MatrimonioSegreto are hilarious fun!
Thanks for the well wishes. Japan will be a blast, but we're also excited to return to the cute Baby Bosmon.
Scott County Cardinals "Red Heat" pep poster in today's News-Graphic on newstands now.
Let's give Marcum his first win! Go #Brewers!
Don't tell me that inner beauty is better than outer beauty, because in this society. What you look like means a whole lot.
Award winning author. I have posted Chapters 1- 2 of And So It Was Written. I would love to have your comments.
Do you listen to ? Then you might've just heard us mentioned on ArtBeat!! One more day 'til you can find us
when I read that I hear "beer pong domination at dukes"
Amazing that iCloud can't pull in events from Google Calendar.
Playing this Friday with Gimme My Moon Back, St. James Society, & N!P. FREE 21+
“ “ #Taurus gives great love, attention, and is good at fulfilling someone's needs.””
Oh What a Beautiful day!!!! The sun is shining and It's warming up!!!! Enjoy your day!! Have some fun!! Smile a lot!
One good way to get cancer is to ignore it.Cancer can be cured , if not ignored .It's scary if you do or scary if you don't. Please do it!
Whats up Mr. D Pete. Whats the slate looking like for you?
noffinnn. just packing for cali this weekend (:
omg I want that Laverne and Shirley album!
If you see a 12yo kid in station north dressed all in black with a purple knit cap, ask him to give back the iPod he just stole from BPS.
I can't even Imagine paying to see the 3 stooges movie. The original or nothing can't be duplicated.
ugh i feel sick
Can be great comedy RT Listening 2 britneyspears is the best way 2 ride the metro talking 2 the people next 2 u is overrated
Weeding my desktop...
I try adding u but I can't wats ur name so I can look u up
Can a dude dress up as a chick and enter the Miss America pageant?
I'll find it.
Game over
RT : An Ghréasáin is also used for WWW :) << interesting thanks
#Terracotta In-Memory Upgrades Add Speed, Capacity, Control for On-Premise, Cloud Apps by Vance McCarthy (Integration Developer News)
Hope so. Good luck.
I'll be attending the 30 for 30 marathon
When men love we love just a hard as women
lol sighs! add a couple people you know! its all about the pics and filters babes
When one person consumes your whole life and you don't give a fuck about anyone else step back and think about how everyone else feels
haha... I will show u soon... I still gotta get organized... :b but u are technically my inspiration right now. <3
Would like to thank all the salsa dancers who represented last night at Club Irie. Kudos!
Bears claim Kyle Orton off waivers? Or return of the #neckbeard. Orton can't do it like #cuttydoesit sadly.
our follower count doubled the day after the first news report broke.
Taking app for the Mac for a spin. See if it can replace Ta-da list.
yes that is her....ANNOYING
Come on in and we'll get you fitted in something your guests will want to copy...
lmfao u should of put ya verse. In
Last day of school.. Its seems so surreal. Is this really bout to happen?
RT Just arrived at the ocean's deepest pt. Hitting bottom never felt so good. Can't wait to share what I'm seeing
Orton on the show now! Mile High Sports, AM 1510!
I had a great time :) now time for a tweet back please !!
Anytime. :) Wish I could go this year, but will keep up via your stories!
's performance was absolutely adorable. Love her!
Now that his campaign's over, Newt "Might Never Repay Debts" #huffpost Why doesn't he take a job as a school janitor??
i suffered full blown phone death today at work, was it the tweeting? hmm ?
I think they'll find her guilty. I've been following the trial a little bit- so many random details contained in the story.
Well, let's just see what all those April showers will bring us this month.
Gaylord National Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
Had a number of great meals out this week--looking forward to another one at this evening. Yay for having visitors from #Maine!
Sometime I just want to be alone
I'm definitely taking a walk for lunch. Beautiful day in DT MKE!
I hate editing...now I feel like he might pick Lindzi?
GET MORE FOLLOWERS MY BEST FRIENDS? I WILL FOLLOW YOU BACK IF YOU FOLLOW ME -
are you performing at Summerfest in Milwaukee Wisconsin?
"who is calling my phone number"
Do I want to be feared or loved... both. I want people to fear how much they love me.
Twin Anchors is a very family friendly orientated place & I'm sure the kiddos will love it! Come see for yourself today!
Pay phone
Music cleanses the soul. Loving it.
Benefit for scott's brain surgery sat 9/17 11am Amer. Leg. #381 on Kelly St. Food fun entertainment! Please RT and ff thanku!
Being a dad is one of the most terrifying and rewarding jobs ever
I know! It's like can't you get that I DON'T WANT TO TALK?! obviously, they don't. :l
A relationship is built off of TR(us)T!
I think it was invite-only, but I was lucky to snag a ticket from a friend who was invited.
Getting energized at the Higher Learning Commission annual conference.
#NP Weezer - Island In The Sun
Ahh amazing!!! I can't wait!!!!
Find me. Follow me. Exchange with me @ MyBizXchange.com
Does anyone think I should put the lyrics to my original songs on youtube in the video info? :)
Thanks for the RT!
couldn't be assed making breakfast, so had a muffin instead.
hey babe you in ft Lauderdale
Sounds like a wonderful year :)
Thirsty for blood
Also, love the new avatar :) Was Parks and Rec as good last night as it's been lately?
ooohhh nice! Thank you! will definitely try to go!
yeah it's a continuation of my blog. Im excited. I'll keep u posted.
thanks :) hopefully credited haha
just finished "bringing up Bébé" amazing. This is exactly the book I need in my life right now. Thank you!
Damn that sounds good
thank you man. I act like I am 12 according to Lol so I feel young!
ASHP posts new podcasts: Civil War Photography and History, a public panel on the Civil War @ 150 , bit.ly/nbSKNj
Perfect morning for a little David Bowie and the Talking Heads.
Definitely not.
I think I'll spare everyone that one.
Worldwide- need TOP NOTCH Fashion and Glamour models for "career" type assignments with Major Companies.
#MixedRaceProblems , On Job Applications You Have To Check 2 Boxes Or Other -_-
Mom might have all the family come over... So that would be a no going out for me... Maybe
Rise in teenage pregnancy ‘due moral values breakdown’
Driving for 3 hrs and going nowhere
Damm I can feel the change already from going to the gym I'm going to continue going more often
Net proceeds from Songs of Hope From Japan will be used to help as much as we can those who were affected by the tsunami.
I'm not gonna lie. I skipped most of that and all I saw was "the rapist" before I read the whole thing.
I can do bad by my damn self. Im not sittin and just puttin up with certain shit anymore.
So glad that I only have to learn like one new syllable to remember #KimJongIl's successor's name.
Tyga rack rack city bitch
Would love to get out Business cards printed with a letter press.
What about you and Taylor?
def a good thing - didn't miss much. I'm off tomorrow, so trying to spend some time relaxing with k
History belongs to the intercessors. - Walter Wink
AP Newsbreak: #Marines decide to discharge sergeant for Facebook postings criticizing President
MT A2 Social media tools help me find people associated w/ #mainstreet dists, but places themselves? Not so much.
:) man RT : Your man shouldn't have to eat take out everyday.
was wearing a FREE ENES shirt in his video last night?
happy B-Day :D
If your business is hospitality you should learn how to GET BACK TO PEOPLE. Jeepers.
Ok :) Ive been called worse anyway lol
If you guys wanna support a good cause you should check out http//:www.silentchildren.org
I believe the conversation was on just how kitschy a Monet mug was, and whether we were supposed to feel bad for owning one. :)
Premature celebration
We are really missing the Thailand weather. Want to be sunny and warm all summer? OK, and a little rainy. Summer 2011 will be awesome.
we may never be able to have a complete civilized conversation, but with history that doesn't make it into the books,that's fine with me.
tonight at MSG!
Ooh! Relatives want to see my mom's library, which is the Tyson's branch. So I expect I could meet you. I think they're off by 4?
should be interesting to see what the tools & fools over at Breitbart's Bigs will do without someone telling them what to think/say/do.
buy stock in double A batteries
Double loyalty points tonight and every Monday at all of our restaurants!
RIP katie bisson
Maybe it will be better if I end my night with
yeah why?
Directors (and Rochester residents) Matt Ehlers, Dan Petracca & Vanessa Tobis, we'll see you in "Adventures & Challenges" You make the...
Baby you lightning up my house like nobody else. The way that you make big thunder gets me overwhelmed.
hope sometime soon, I could show you some things lol
why didn't he score 50 That's why his 81..points against Toronto meaningless...do it when it counts against playoff teams.cant
Further via : Special Lost TweetUp Paddle Task Force formed w/ & me as members & as Chair.
Don't try to understand the world, understand the world around you!
*Snaking my arms around ’s waist, pulling her against me* I apologize for being late. Hungry?
:3 So adorable yet hard for me to work at the same time
I keep one rolled!!!! -Wiz Khlifa
I still have not told him no. Maybe now I have to.
If ur an outkast u can be friends with the popular kid they can be nice:-)
Hey there! Thanks for the follow! Stop in for a cup when you are in the 'hood!
Foster care crisis looms over 2012 - Morning Star Online
History will remember the greatest tag teams of all time. The Hart Foundation, Demolition, The Road Warriors, Primo & Epico...
It's just a way of life. It's my commitment to excellence in entertainment. My music, my acting, my photos...everything!
Whatever you need.
you ever danced with the devil in the pale moonlight?
TODAY : a marathon reading of Kerouac's "On the Road"! Come listen - or read! We'll be here 11AM - 9PM.
Great chat everybody!
plz disregard that last tweet........ i blame the weed
A transformer blew up in our neighborhood. Power is out on our block.
All i want to do is eat right now. Hurry up clock
layin in the bed. Is it worth going through today?!? Long week ahead.
Coffee - GOOD! Swim & Run I'm doing in a little bit - GOOD.... Happy Friday my friends :-)
Yes, it reminds me of "16 Handles" iced yogurt shop in the East Village in NYC.
it's very awkward to eat a salad with a spoon -_-
Xenotransplantation as a therapy for type 1 diabetes
I'm at the tonight with and 7:30. Humans only.
RT “: "Eenie meenie miney mo. Bitch I fuck him like a pro. Suck his dick til he say "oh" twerk that ass and drop it low"
Saw the play my cousin Hannah directed (Footloose) It was good but i only saw it for my nephew lol
Thank you for pledging to support #school #libraries in #ESEA on floor! please join Sen. Mikulski!
um u nt sleep sir
Activity Day next week (: finna Smash in 5th period !
So…that was weird.
Twitter broke.....
Thanks for putting up with my rants though
Thank YOU! I see you're in SF-I'm chatting abt A Tiger in the Kitchen & signing books 3 pm 3/20 @ -swing by!
According to "Stay at home moms know nothing about hard work...'til they've walked in my shoes."
what friends?
Wtf did I do to you? Be nice, loving and supportive gf? Well sorry for doing all of these things right! I hope your happy with her
RT This assessment of security among a set of cloud providers will interest folks in #digitalpreservation #dpc ht...
Let me be Bree. She's perf. Can I have your face and you can have mine?(:
60 degrees this morning
You are there???
We all know what couples are doing this morning -- THE NASTY. Lol
Biggest fail of #12NTC has been the overcrowding in the breakout sessions.
well I had one longer so this is my place
Heading off to Infusion Lounge in SF for tonight's bartending gig. See you there!
RT : Not at all RT : Hank did it surprise you Bubba won the Masters? (cc )
lost five hours of manuscript work due to computer crash last night. Back on the saddle today.
downtown is growing up. Live music is hit or miss. Maybe you'd catch something at (Alice) Cooperstown, but no gaurantees.
Getting back into Minecraft. Disaster.
Hey, Dawn. Happy Sunday, love. xo
At Power Plant I happily bought 's "Burying Small Fires" book, in which he buries Ruscha's "Various Small Fires"
Things change, along with relations.
We definately will if we do. Hope to see you out!
Nothing worthwhile ever comes without sacrifice.
Why did all of the other artists even come to the #Grammys? Once they knew Adele was nominated, they should have just stayed at home.
Newly acquired pick up line: I'm a taxidermist. My favorite thing to stuff is beavers.
Just had a Lean Cuisine Pizza and I have to be honest.....IT WAS THE BOMB!!! Lol :-) God Bless!
say she only fxcked like 4-5 niggas, so you know you gotta multiply by 3
It's really disheartening how the number of people whom I really trust has dwindled to almost zero in the last three years. =/
please share which online bank with me?
Hey girlie! You in Austin? I so wish I was able to go. You have got to post pictures.
Creativity begins with the teacher.
i think it will be best to have someone out again. give me the best day and time and i'll set it up
I'm sure this "guest" post on has nothing to do with the fact that has a "D" next to his name.
#iWish the superstar life.
Good luck tonight!!!
"is he white or black?"
Next up, 832, New Roles and Careers in Learning. Should be a good panel discussion.
Im going to the A to get TF away from ppl!... :)
Whatcha doing in Vegas?
Hey locklanders... Who wants to take me tithe DMV tomorrow? (:
I prefer to call myself "superstar"
never hit me up no more like AT ALL -.-
it is called a urban farm.. ;)
i love y'all boi no homo, y'all sitting on a bomb, due to explode next game
or underhanded deal w ? #savektru RT: In undrgrnd lot to meet stranger for cash-only exchange. Craigslist or drug deal?
they used to eat only home made dog food...
God bless Japan
Starting to spend more time living and less time on the computer......
new follow...and new member!!!
Can you please Follow me?(:
Song Titles Day
On the way to get
little odd but love everyone's enthusiasm
Happy Good Friday and Earth Day! Make it a great day y'allz =)
blatant rip-off of the Holmes & Watson camping joke.
YAY!!!!!!!!! we got two more houses and 3 more to go before the next block oh god were getting loads of candy!!!!!!!!!!
Installing new #gear at the #studio today. Looking forward to all of the upcoming #model, #talent and #band #shoots coming up.
a situation
Alaska One is airing IN THE LIFE on Sat (11/12) at 11:30pm & again on Sunday (11/13) at 5:30am. Thank u 4 spreading the word!
Clarify please? Problem I see is difficulty storing, using, and sharing individual item data
“Sourire” (smile) with your “cœur” (heart), not just your “lèvres” (lips)
It's amazing how you can walk out your front door one morning, and everything has suddenly changed...
It makes me mad when my mom drives 40 MPH on the highway
LOL! Stop, you're killing me! RT I have more fun than any one person should be allowed. I must have been a saint in a prior life :)
#AskPSanders whats your favorite t-shirt?
It's a miracle! A miracle right here in Alabama! Sez the 7 year old prophet...
Hello to all my tweeter folks out there!?
Great time in Orlando at the Franchise Show! Great to meet some new business connections!!
Everything is okay in the end, so if it's not OK, then it's not the end.
is so terribly flawed its shocking. You've got to be an idiot with no brain to support such inconsistent incompetence
this is so upsetting and crazy... I live only blocks away and it seems like such a different world
Not only is the absolute coolest, this is some unbelievably comfortable gear to wear!
Stop. Youre married RT 4th day uve walked by the studio & I haven't recognized u. What's w/ the lookin all pretty?
RT Nothing but #Smiles and
hanging with my couson amd my sisters wbu
That, and rehashing the same thing over and again got tired. The writers introduced annoying love interests, too, after Stella.
to be a guest on Saturday morning at 10:20 a.m. MT.
Yesterday's vid for OcJazz Saturday: Blue Bossa on my Muse #ocarina!
Loud Thunder <
Damn I want some more
Happy monday, hope everyone has a great week!
might go to the y to play ball. gotta keep trying to get to the top of my expectations
Ask your Hair Stylist what "Degrees" is your Hair Cut. Or better yet, tweet with a picture of your #hair. He will consult you.
Working on my case studies. Got any new ideas of stuff to test?
Did you know we're on the radio? Radio 92.3's Inner Sanctum SUNDAY NIGHT 10-12am. Maybe we are famous.... nahh Thank you fans!
I'm so jealous! Send me your itinerary again. I can't wait to see what you're up to.
yes - we do have an Events app! Serendipity is our 5th #bizapp ^jv
Countdown to TCAs- 2 hours and 27 minutes. (: TCAs and other award shows r what i always cant wait for. (:
God damn it would you people stop blowing up my phone? I'm just trying to listen to slipknot while I shower.
perfect - thanks!
ur very welcome boo! U should have known wasn't getting up after the kind of night he had. :)
Store Clothes Now Have Real-Time 'Like' Counts Built Into the Hangers
Fucking killing it...
Can't sleep going to the rink to puck around....
umm hello....hey
Baby do those things that you only do for me
Hunny, I look like I'm packing a pistol to rob a bank! So we good. !! Plus you're no fat!
Follow me please :) P.s i love you and you're great at dancing!xx
Seeing seminar with !
C'mon Gordon! This is your time
Of course we're following you! :) Thanks for giving our music a listen and enjoying it, you're awesome!!
Both are. NOW. Somebody forgot to put his hearing aid in.
i AM FEELiNG A LiTTLE BETTER THAN i DiD THiS PAST WEEKEND. i MiSS MY GRANDM0THER TERRiBLY.
Metaphors we use influence what we do, how we use technology. We use slides in a very linear way. I, the presenter, give audience something
ughh i hate doing stuff im not good at :/
": Having to wake up at 7 tomorrow <<<<<"
yesterday was D day but on February,22,2011 will be Nagasaki & Hiroshima when we drop the bomb & take back the 12 ward to the people
it was yesterday !
i wish my house was filled with fruit. not this gross junk food.
Let's go pacers!
yay!!!! we got da ball! #broncos :p
I'm about to fire someone else from my phone....
- stomach is killing me '
'This guy rates down this ASUS, 's plain he shorted the chipset, probably used it to push the board down. Are you going to be so careless?'
The Cherokee Challenge: Turn an environmental liability into an asset. Apply at www.cherokeechallenge.com. $20k in seed funding per venture
recording with mike :) then KNAPPS UNDERGROUND in BENNINGTON VT !!!
My cousins are coming today wooohoo
but why? it's so descriptive.
Phone storage space is low...maybe I should delete something Lol
currently rewriting these objs: "Demonstrate an understanding of how to perform [BEHAVIOR] under [CONDITIONS] in accordance with [STANDARD]"
Yeah, it's become pretty obvious we don't have a finisher when I watched the video the team posted from practice.
Oh god... How can I view it?
#Swear I Goes To Work Up on That Pussy Like She Pay Me To ! I Dig Er' Up And Now She Walking Like she 82 !
that's far less fun.
I promise I will sleep today. I don't have a fever but I hope I didn't put anyone on the DL hanging w/ them last night
A lawyer without books is like a workman without tools.
I ain't one for niggas wishes, but I wish a nigga would.
And u can't trust anyone these days<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>it's sad.
Sometimes we are limited more by attitude than by opportunities
Home Alone
F.A.I.L First Attempt In Learning, don't be afraid of failing for its crash course of learning in the school of success!!!
you sir just made me crave some shrimp coctail...
by the way, love the quotesimages on your site. such as "would you like you if you met you"? may have to retweet some.
#WeWontWork if you don't have a sense of humor.
I swear I'm nocturnal...
If Ron Artest is World Peace, then Stephen Jackson is Ghandi
Today is Wednesday & it's Taste of a Grape&Groove $5.00 Wine by the glass from 4-7pm. & VALERIE ADAMS & THE DIMENSION BAND from 6-10pm
#MyBiggestFlaw a lack of a sufficient amount of sleep
FullTime Assistant Controller in NorthHills. Contact for details
Hi Kat. Please follow me so that I can dm you :)
it's impossible to see in that pic but there are flipping giant whales flipping around out there. Double redundant.
Hi Georgia, Cheers for the follow. S
New Dem candidate for WI guv Kathleen #Vinehout on Ed Show tonight.
I would if I made millions of dollars off of it.
I didn't do hot in econ in college, but I'm thinking slowly deteriorating service & facilities don't warrant a fare hike.
Whatever word you use to describe Beyonce, I'm going to call a roundabout way of saying "spot on." (sideeye)
congratulations! I figure it's an honor even to be considered by such cool dudes, right?
my feminist daughter watching such trash!
happy birthday gurl! Hope u having a cray fantastic day :-)
it's not cool. it stinks like rotten cheese.
I just finished a 1.70 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Just Let Me Go
Vodka is the devil in fancy dress
Sub7 and The Undead will be in full swing by March stay tuned !
lmfao well im sorry ;D
I will not sleep until follows me tonight!:) I love you:) 11:11:)
Me all day today: "Are you fucking kidding me?"
I Need To Go To Bed .. #TOOOMUCHDRAMA. #goodnight. #texts?
Pfft, That's how I roll.
Specials are available! email:
You're welcome and Thank you Too!
remember the days when all we did was wake up early, go to school, come home and do whatever tf you wanted? lol
The Luna chair has a space-age shape & color that makes it very appealing (price is out of this world, too, just $374.96)...
tax codes with progressive rates have been with us for 60 plus years. It's good policy, not class warfare
He definitely looked the part after the game.
What's good Jarrett??
We're making some exciting changes to how the world can interact w/ #ROWE...stay tuned for more coming soon :) (cc )
#continental, staff at gate insisted I proceed to Sen Lounge due to gold status but met there by fanged staff insisting on three forms of ID
Do you have info about how to prevent hijacking Twitter accounts and sending out "I lost weight using this great product!" ?
Song of the Day: home sweet home by Mötley Crüe
Bottled All Hail Ale No. 14 (Maple Winter Warmer). It's going to be quite excellent when the snow comes.
Looks like it'll be a great discussion! RT : Don't forget tonight's #s4pm tweet chat hosted by ! 8pm ET/5pm PT
Your new girlfriend is cute!!! She looks so familiar, what football team did you say she plays for? :D
Don't like that twitter has been around long enough to see ppl i follow getting married and having babies. Twitter is growing up and stuff.
Wouldn't that be much cooler! ;)
thinks it's odd so many famous and not so famous people are dying all of a sudden
Hey! It's Chris Brown!
DMV wouldn't be so bad if the workers actually didn't walk off for 10 min after every 2nd customer
aims to refresh its workers' computers every 24 months, on average, which helps keep performance high/maintenance low
Question From Randy in the chat Does the NBA take an official's history with a team when assigning games?
no, but thinking about it...paul's not on fb, so there may an imposter, or his cousin in bronx with same name
great, you
It was fun--:)rt: I hope the boys of have a great show tonight at the Belly Up!
What is the best holiday for music?
Right, until you need a job :>)
I'm especially grossed out by this: "the magic that happens when she helps others." ack.
I like Mr. Hartman before he went he was mainstream #hippster?
Grabbin on my sheets and hittin notes like you're Mariah
#questionsihateanswering ''Are You Virgin?'' -.-
Good luck to my friends Day ONE!!! I wish I was there!
Happy #Halloween everybody! What are you dressing up as today? $1 #bartab drinks make the perfect costume accessory!
LOL Yes I do :) It's not just mine though, :P otherwise I would name it one of those... ;)
Once I give in he's gonna win either way I loose
RT : Many people dont realize how reliant services you use every day are on Amazons cloud servers.
Thanks for meeting this morning Starting to read your book "Brainfluence", intriguing.
the best thing in the world: basketball all day.
Just emailed you!
Ingram Park Nissan Impressed By Latin American Sales Numbers
Good morning Jawan! Have a great day :-)
2 soccer matches officiated now off to play some
loved the Faux Jane reading/interview. Thanks for making my Sat morning!
Sounds good.
I love you ! My hair looks awesome.
What do you mean chicken isn't vegetarian? :)
Girl you know i i i i i love you.
Sometimes it scares me how much like Joey I am lol ;p
your hair is a danger to mankind - for our greater good you must shave it off!
Film directers like Michael Bay and Robert Rodriguez make the actors mark out.Viva Machete!,Boom!
All Vegan today except for the #Seattle #Chocolates San Juan Sea Salt MILK Chocolate Truffle Bar
yes it will be nice for me to eat at Elsa's two nights in a row.
Thanks for the free 6-pack of apps but all the promo codes are expired. HUH?! LAME. Please renew this offer.
But because of this, sometimes the League really seems to have passed him by.
it'll never happen. they won't let us get married.
suprisingly #ijustwantmypantsback is kind of good.
You were the best tonight on #glee "if you pee in my pool, I will kill you!" Hilarious
Congrats to on his new gig as comms director for House Majority PAC.
Chocolate chip cookies were yummy. Along with chocolate milk. ;-)
Twitter Is Acting Mental !
#HappyMothersDay Papa and I are BBQing for my Mom!
Ah I'm so excited!! My Maid of Honor & BFF Emily joins the club, her boyfriend Julio just proposed to her at the Wiener Dog races!!
These niggas on the bus said Erwin looks like Chief Keef! Hahaha
#gsocial thanks for the shove that I need to get my g+ better established esp pages - been a little lazy.
I didn't I haven't been on here..but this shyt unfollowed EVERYBODY so I'm following everybody back smh
I agree w/that (tho, not 2 the exclusion of jazz ed). I am hoping to make an impact on my local jazz community.
nothing sounds better than going to my room and crying for the rest of the day.
Any pics we can see before ?
Niggas Hatin Cause Im Takin They Bitch...And Later On That We..#ExchangeFuckFaces!
permission to lust after you?
I promise you will LOVE ! :) Go check them out!!
also: & lots of other people I don't remember now
Cantor go get a real job! You are not cutting it at your current position!
I'm really really thrilled about summer and all, but it's possible that I'm more excited about New Years.
#thatawkwardmoment when you get to western Rehersal 15 minutes early and your just sitting there awkwardly because your alone...
I always use Mr/Ms when writing a stranger too. Once a coworker became offended when I used her first name.
Ugh! I'm emotionally and physically drained. Two bad things to be when you're a mom. Idk what to do. =/
LOVES STAN !YUMMY
. MT 17th-century British "trick" poetry meets in magnificent die-cut masterpiece 2 years in the making
Love this --> RT : Once you accept the fact that you're not perfect, then you develop some confidence. ~ Rosalynn Carter
The Arkham City demo was dope.... I wanna get Arkham Asylum Dx and now im all excited for the dark knight rises as well Dx haha
Too tired to tweet anymore
Follow me back or i will unfollow u!
Happy Star Wars day May the fourth be with you .#Happy Star Wars Day
Im sweet but i end up sour, hear my thunder feel my rain!
Come visit the Zipcar team on PSU's campus today! Look for us on the N side of Neuberger Hall & bring your pals down to sign up for a deal.
If you all haven't heard, my band is booked for the first 2 weeks in August 2013 in Sweden with Fredrik Nordstrom who has worked with bands-
Memorial Day Weekend Kick Off at Therapy Fridays at Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale 241 Drinks til Midnight
I wonder what postapocalyptic horror this solar flare will bring? I hope its reanimated toasters with a hankering for the flesh of the bread
Happiness has little to do with what we have; everything with what we think.
I'm good Lil mama...still pushing...u good?
music is so real
thank you for being there tonight.
People are funny. We spend money we dont have to buy things we dont need to impress people we dont like
he said what you good at? Artwork script lettering you know lol
Wtf? My friend just texted me asking if I could call her because she lost her phone... My question is how did you text me dumbass?
was the one I was thinking of. I think there may be a hashtag #opened too, but not sure.
RT : "you are so hot, every your commercial comes on tv I always compliment" Amen to that
I wonder who Michael Moore voted for in the Michigan GOP primary...
“: A French Kiss is called an English Kiss in France.” what are French Fries called?
Keep helping by voting for my friend "Celleste"! Posts on my page!!! :) Thanks everyone! Also, Third Stream and Elby CD's coming soon! :)
Even doe am waisting my time doing this when are y'all gonna follow me?
I really like it!
When haters hate. Don't hate back. Kill them with kindness. <U+2665> ~Damon Fizzy.
LOL!!! RT OH: Give a man some deer and he has food for a day. Teach a man to hunt and you can get rid of him for an entire week!!!!
Why are children obese? Probably because burgers are $.99 and salads are $4.99. (via )
According to reports, the Iowa Senate will debate the state earned income tax credit increase on next Tuesday.
This whole trip has been God's timing - I shouldn't be amazed but i am at the power of prayer
Hanging out in the XMPie Booth at Print 09...Stop and say hi!
I dont get why is tweeting me the letter "O" but whatever (-__-)
Sen. Boxer praises Sens. Thune, Inhofe and Vitter for their work on highway bill. Last glimpse of bipartisanship this yr?
it was a good win for !!!! she has greatness in her ! she will show it in the summer :) !
When I go to a Capitals game my record is 27-4-2…. Damn!
C'mon spring time... I see the daylight creepin.
Lebron James has been playing with a lot of confidence within the 2012 NBA playoffs. He is also a very friendly, nice person.
shout out too new follower an he sexy as hell
A picture is worth a thousand words-send family photo to MN truth of love and commitment
if I do then I will get pictures :)
Fuck you George Karl! Can't beat me!!!!!!
Kinect Adventures has a river-raft time trial and obstacle course, playable by up to four people.
yay! I hope you can make it to !
I wish it would stop thundering and actually rain...a nice long rain.
oh lmao im out of it
Nice little cold front moving thru Texas I like......
you're just jealous carp!! You know you want to be in more league! Haha
Didn't see it. Dude we have our own closer problems. What happened to Marmol???
I LOVE this POI! Thanks for RT!
This commute from Flo Po is so much longer than I'm used to
You kindly reply more than most people on Twitter! U R a true Twitterbug!
Thank you for posting this petition to your feed and for your support on this important issue! :)
Yeah. I'm thinking about the occupy the farm thing her in Albany; the UC bought land using tax dollars in the 1920's, which
Memorial Day Pilates Party: 6 Privates only $300 + 3 Free Mat Classes! (FRIDAY - MONDAY ONLY)
Me too, lady!
NextEra Energy Resources Opens North America's Largest Concentrated Photovoltaic Power Plant
Awesome! RT : I did! I got a studded denim vest and a beaded native american belt :)
What happened to the '' los ramblin rebel rousers de cincinnati? ''
I think his brother Jebbadiah wanted to have a butter churn off!
The Heat is playing NASTY! So many elbows and fouls. Refs are doing a good job!
That sucking sound you hear is everybody getting the hell out of town for recess
use G+ well as individuals to promote their biz, says
I'm following her, thanks :-)
Playing a concert tonight at the Merc in temecula. It's vocalist Mark Winkler's gig; Hamilton Price and I will be on the bandstand. 7:30 pm.
Yes ;D lol
create a live, cannot be passive, being a writes costs something Dana Gioia #USC #writers conference
There is marshmallow fluff on my trousers
Excited and energized after great conversations with and tonight.
On location this morning with ! What are ya'll up to this morning?
Frst 5-min of Glee made me think it was a total Election rip-off, but I think it has potential. & Emma is frickin' adorable.
your just a phase.
Grills Just Want to Have Fun! It's true. Ask (in person) from noon - 5pm. Buck-a-Burger today (ONE DOLLAR!!)
First time I met you was the mid 90's on Perry Street. You were shopping in the area and driving a convertible! Good ol NY!
Can't wait to speak at Wkshp H this afternoon! We're talking social media/legal issues from app to pink slip.
Advertising is what you do when you can't go see somebody. I like that one!!
Ok sorry again
it was a long day
first round highlight!? I guess that should have been expected of a Texas school qb...lots of choices. He passed that test
Thank you for tweeting this!
Tomorrow: Barbara Katz Rothman "Embodied Knowledge: The Case of Birth, Bodies, Science & Craft" 12-2pm Grad. Ctr. Room 6112. Free lunch!
*faints from mass of gorgeousness you're exuding* <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
I'm hungrryy as hell
I haven't seen an article about anything specific. I wanted to know where in Gilo and the general circumstances if possible
Goodmorning, hope everyone enjoys their day ! ^__^
m [please email attention Claude Flot for submissions and booking]
Just had a great time in DKEF!
hahaha whys it always gotta be a racial thing
#MissJadyn is adorable. She looks like a future diva of America.
cant wait for tomowrroww ! sister is comingg going to be hilarrious.! (:
cool birthday present!! Birthday wine! giftedvine.com/catalogs/wine/…
smh why u don't have it keem?!
Oh shucks. You're gonna make me blush.
Now let's hear a song about heartache and anger, yeah let's do that.
I wish I was at the beach._.
plz notice me! this is so sad im pathetic for even thinking ur gonna follow me:(
Thank u 2 every1 who voted 4 our DIG Gives Back campaign. U can still nominate ur fave. charity 2 win the donation! just tweet us the name!
Over 18 & my eyes are green, slim trim and im also light skinned
My night consists of Footloose and House Bunny <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Alexis, Mae West was tried here for.....obscenity! Her then Bway show was considered quite, quite risque back in the day!
Take the time to come home to yourself every day.-- Robin Casarjean
ha, i've yet to party with you mr. i think it's about that time.
I don't even know I tweeted that. Twitter is weird.
": I like smoking weed"
Christmas tree is gone. Christmas is gone.
If you haven't claimed your #salons Google Places page yet, stop reading this and go do that RIGHT NOW!!
ironically there's a club called the cowboy here..
so scared...so much for my plans this weekend..
lls why is ya name Mack? You ain't gangster ya got a dam poodle.
That's definitely a risk. Which tools will best equip your students? Focus there.
GAMEDAY!!! Baseball hosts Western Carolina at 630 in Game 1 of the Wingate by Windham Invitational ....BIG Weekend Series!! GO FINS!
Show tonight in Norman at the Hidden Castle! We'll be rockin' out with Highdive and The Gunship! Time to put on those party pants
I looked into this a bit ago, unfortunately seems budget options are far away from ofc hotel
We actually only have the 11" of that gen, we will try and get it.
R.I.P. Junior Seau
I like Madonna's new song, Vogue.
Because I feel guilty that he has to take the time to read my tweets instead of his friends and family's.
What a great weekend!
U so ugly ya mamma had 2 tie a porkchop around ur neck do the dog will play wit u
&#39;Live mannequins&#39; raise awareness of high teen pregnancy rate
Along with Vinnie Vocals at the Ugly Dogg will also be Young Midas, Zio Pittsburgh Rapper, and Hollywood Knox. Had to Update yall!!!
If i dont wear my glasses anymore, maybe i wont even need them :D
Can we bring back recess for the adults too? After lunch is perfect to run and play!
lol I love your hair :p
add me on facebook.com/toninkajj
I'm not sure the kids would like it, but the parents probably would! So...did you do it?
“: Long range.....it looking very mild next week...40s and 50s possible.". Thank you Patrick! Crazy
Heres our #Belieber goal try 2 make #welovebiebs a trend until sees it or tweets something about it!?
God dam you auto correct . -.-
night all
#hatred centerville is full of a bunch of duches
<3 boom you just got hit wit tht tweet .
You look like you should be on the Titanic.
oh wow I've never heard a lightning bolt like that
A shout-out to , my 1,300th follower.
"When you possess great treasures within you, and try to tell others of them, seldom are you believed." -Excerpt from "The Alchemist"
RT : GREAT article in about why we love #ABQ! Congrats ! #newmexico [Thanks!]
hahs I know! I'm going with bake cookies...and a quick home workout :)
Excited for David Dani coming up from Ft Worth to do some recording this weekend for a new EP. About to line out some cables
Good morning runners! Happy race day!
Love starts with a smile, grows with a kiss, and ends with a tear.
STILL great to see Andy on the mound today. He will only get better.
Everyone! check out my new videos !! Rate, Tell me what you think !! www.youtube.com/kaebelltunes PLZZZZZ Ill do the same
better visit me next year! I'm gonna miss her and our convos & of course our understanding on everything like <f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00A5><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>?! Haha <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#HappyMothersDay to my mommy that I love to death
thhx for your follow, i'll look to chat soon !
I swear my appendix is on the left side of me
It soon became clear that #SAFE is an org that had flown under the radar for so long, that accountability had gone out the window
Well, atleast I'm getting my skateboard back. ;~;
confused as to why Aaron Carter is following me..
ART Director - A Developer based in Europe - for more information contact .uk
Currently listening to Billy Beane #iwny . Great kickoff
Rafa Marquez is going to be 50 and still be playing with
My parents cannot take their medications on their own, they never know the days, they forget to pay bills and they have let themselves go.
Sleepy and creepy.
YOUR FIRST CONCERT FOR #welcometoparadise IS TOMORROW, good luck(:
Ghost in the Shell for a change of pace?
hahah shiiit.. Im gone then.. I guess. Maybe. More or less. Im over there
Great show and turnout at House of Blues last night. Thanks to all that made it happen....AS
omg seriously? Ugh :-(
Google Drive provides alternative to Apple&#39;s iCloud
RT Hi I'm Chad and I love you and if you love me back you'll feel better about it being Wednesday
Council will approve repairs for it tonight. We are discussing the matter right now.
this is bad ass!
I just don't understand how you could not like Austin Mahone??
Congrats on being a #Pulitzer finalist for the coverage of the Gabrielle Giffords shooting!
Oh man. That sounds so amazing. The views this weekend have been spectacular!!!
Irvine Trial Lawyer Greg Brown elected to the Orange County Trial Lawyers Board of Directors for the 3rd year in a row. Congrats Greg!
Memo on... don't stay up late, drink wine and then then get up at 4am. memo off
Don’t wait until everything is just right. It will never be perfect. There will always be challenges, obstacles and less than perfect condi…
#thingsihateaboutfacebook There's not enough people on... ;-/
has anyone in this family ever even seen a chicken?!
WELCOME TO KUSHVILLE VOL 1 BETTER GET DAT ASAP<U+2755><U+2755>
A group of unicorns is called a blessing.
yes saw it last evening and absolutely loved it. Truthful, bold, and definitely one of the best docs that "says it all"...
Exhausted and happy. Thanks #arlis2012, see you next year in Pasadena!
Kicking off the afternoon sessions with Nick Carr author of the Big Switch about #Cloud computing.
got you
can it be summer yet? i need to be in nashville...... like now.
“: I Don't Care Who Was Before Me Or After, As Long As I Know There's Nobody During Me, That's All That Matters”
...2/2.../contract year Haynesworth potential. I think Brockers SHOULD be the pick. Washburn could work wonders with him.
They too much!
thank you!! Happy Tuesday to you from sunny San Francisco!
Thanks, Looking forward to some nice dialogue!
You are welcome! I've seen better days but at least me and my girl are great! Happy day to you and yours!
Let's go Tar Heels!
in ten so I will be in the room
RT : Prayers go out to longtime friend John Hilsenteger, who is entering another round of chemo #kickitsassHilsy (Good thoughts)
All pet foods ARE NOT created equal...stay tuned to find out how to know what to look for-for your dog & cat!
I guess I'll see my mommy tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD> I wish she wouldn't have left till now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
#waystomakemehappy on perpetual replay
you're running when y'all come to Woodward, why?
Dan Miller from O-Town turns 31 today. I thought he was cute. I wonder what he's doing today.
Soft white flakes starting / to fall, with grace, from the sky / layer on layer
TOMORROW NIGHT ONLY get 1/2 off our pepperoni, sausage & peppers, or eggplant & fennel pizza. PASSWORD: INFINITY *Dine in only.*
Happy Thanksgiving! What's your favorite Turkey Day dish? Glenn likes pumpkin pie.
See and its shit like that.. its just ugh.
Last minute nap. #naptime :)
Jason Frank asks about tradition of sympathy in relation to democracy in Whitman...
Sleep happens now. But tomorrow, , you get my fierce blogommentary on the experience.
Peaceful Journey Heavs...
i wish i could meet you again ;D Like at the radio station :)
Hello, LA. You're the same as I remember.
Damn its a lot of politics in politics.. Election year..
is in lovely Los Angeles...such a beautiful city! We are looking forward to what's in store for us here. New project updates coming soon!
yes Bae we really are
Yes - both the advocacy and media coalition. This is a topic all have reported/editorialized on for years tho.
wait. In Washington state? & adskljif! Right now i WISH it was 50-60 degrees!! it's so freakin' hot!!!
Well the Sabres lost 5-3, oh well, time to go party with Nicholas Picholas at Dragonfly Nightclub, LIVE TO AIR 10p-2a!
It's 1000000000 degrees in my room..can't handle this heat
all persian parents are like that i think ahhah
Goodmorning twitter lets make today a good day
If anyone wants to see how you should interview after being drafted into NFL, study interview.
we're developing a new kind of LMS - what things do you think would help make an LMS "feel" more like an educational program?
at san jose airport waiting for my flight. lookin like a HOT mess. oh well.
Big Eddy Imperial IPA tasting tonight!
thanks for the the o-dark-thirty shoutout!
8 swipes left WHO IS TRYING EAT FOR
you didnt talk to me poopyhead
work in a few hours. 3-945.
at least your not leaving forever!
except Lehigh isn't a bad school....
Santana looks beautiful in her dress <3
That dream was disappointing, it will be even worse if it becomes reality.
I do so many stupid things
Omg! I love 90's pop & hip hop!!!
It's always the darkest before the dawn
Tipsy... 2 shots and 2 drinks! Ready!
as long as you do it better than anyone else! Ya feeeeelmeh #$wag
it's prom, but after party at your place?! Lol and I know man, I miss you too.
excited for a #thirstyfeesh reunion party! Miss you pretty Tass! <f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+009F>
Man we mos definitely gettin back in!
I like him im not gone tell him though ima play cool and see how it go
Will be playing music from Waking Dreams along with Loren Stillman and Jared Schonig
presents a radical shift "Change from being teachers of content to teachers of critical skills."
Mike vick just got signed by the eagles
when I was 8 my mom thought I was becoming a pyromaniac... my 9th birthday party was held at the fire station... it was fuck'n ill
some people are arguing so loud a few houses down i think they might just kill eachother...=/ c'mon now, let the rest of us enjoy this day!
Scott McG for gov. - nice guy, but certainly not a fresh, dynamic candidate. Ritter certainly did Scott no favor by dropping out.
why won't my iphone photos from my camera roll (taken on the iphone) sync/download to my computer? help!?!
wish I was a teenager.. I'd try that blog literacy out.
"We consider craft to be research" -Gutierrez Studios
Neighborhood wine bar with my husband :) cheese plate and wine flight...yes please!
- thx for being there and singing. I will find out for you and let you know. Did u pick up a copy of the app?
Happy festivus bitches
i already asked Michael out what do u think he is going to say?
Yankees -170 game 1 for a unit....
Mahomies Love Mama ((:
Who or what would YOU like to see featured on WiredIn? Let us know what you're WiredIn to!
I think if Zimmerman is let out on bail ppl are gonna go after him...
Happy Thursday! Check out the weather action today and wake up with the !
Yo, on some time capsule shit... Who was u goin at on BDP's Ruff Ruff? Word on the street it was Todd...
Lots of repeat customers.
Anybody wanna come over and watch MNF?
I want to go canoeing too!!!
People are not smart these days.
We're getting psyched for #CTIAw12 next week! Attending? Be sure to check out the booth: 2633! (cc: )
Ahh I just got MLB At-Bat! Home and away radio coverage of every game! I'm so in Heaven I'm a commercial. #Tribetime can't come soon enough!
#operationfindnextgf Can't be afraid to take risks. Also can't be a push over
Ha! Yes, I know we've been absentees recently, but we'll be better! I promise! (And you'll have fun and lots of wine.)
It can be frustrating for both the kid and parents; and for some frankly too much. I'll take it though. So far so good!
Why would that be different? For diversity and quantity, you're still better w/o "brainstorming".
My amp.
We got are middle fingers up cus we don't really give a fuck
In the end it doesnt even matter
i was serious...
LMAO I did not know Gaga kisses Marge in "Lisa Goes Gaga". This is gonna be a great episode.
If you have the day off and the timing is right for a haircut...I can help! call to schedule an appt 690.0252
It's going down in The Town- Occupy Oakland in full effect and police throwing smoke bombs.
Papi up, 2 runners on, no outs...another big spot. Beimel got Papi out 1st game, but can he do it again? 8-6 Rox top 7
If I wasnt sick and thousands of miles away I'd "knock" some sense into you Richard Cares now quit it
Listening to some #Jodeci "U and I" #classicr&b
FREE training to empower you with tools to integrate and utilize the 40-Developmental Assets in grant writing and program development.
Passed Rules of the Road exam yesterday. One more day of class and one more exam and I'm done!
s/o to my new follower
The first is to not tell everything you know
i guess its easy to disregard me
Woo! It doesn't get any better than a #NYR Game 7 in the Garden. Tweet us some of your pics! -CJ
Just when the heat thinks it has the best of us ... the POWER GOES OUT in the entire county. -_- This is not. Happening.
My news co-workers had Missouri also. One even has San Diego St! My cat's bracket still doing well. He tied for 1st two years ago.
Thank you!
Are the followers so paralyzed by fear..... they compromise their deepest convictions? Imagine educational leadership based on fear! False!
60 minutes of football.... what are we doing!?
got dat headache to it suks:/
This is definitely a college campus.
i really hate when i have to miss your Austreams!:(
You know how you smack a malfunctioning appliance & it's good again? Too bad we can't do that to people! :) LOL!
RT : BREAKING: Miami signs the 48th next best thing to Peyton Manning: David Garrard.
Miami Heat goes down! May not be the best team in the east.
You have a great best friend that supports you!!! Don't forget that when your in Miami making music <33
yea, I thought rems said you were coming over to pregame at our place?
is so sexy can't wait to see him perform tonight at
showin this town how to party
#WhyDoiAlways get hurt?
Coffee is my most important meal of the day
it's raining in San Diego. I think Noah and his Ark just headed north on the 5.
i love music dude :)
I can't sleep /:
MINDS: Forcing something to be an event or big deal can really excite students and get them to be creative
tumblr's down and i'm gonna die.
im in shock, smh.but Im ready to see some hoes be put on blast ! Lol.
At the studio working with new #tech and #photography equip.
OMG IM TORN!! CHRIS MANN WAS AWSUME AND JULIET SIMMS WAS OMFG AWSUME AND AH TONY LUCCA!!!! AHH WHO DO I VOTE 4????
I'm having one of those weeks where I feel like we're focusing on the wrong things.
why thank you!
When he leaves, I'm leaving. &&Hopefully thats within a couple of months. <3
“: Oh don't mind me I'm just sitting in the floor at Walmart watching The Lion King on the display TVs.”
searching for a Director Level Quality Assurance for two positions in California. #Dairy #Food #Manufacturing #Hiring #Jobs contact me fo…
On day 2 of the HCG Diet! Staying very strict to the orginal protocol so I can get the best results. Excited to lose weight, and mostly
lol shiiiiiid lemme have her & then I'll let you get a test drive, but after that she mine for good.
yo call me
is here today at the Artisans' Fare!
just rolled 4 sixes on my first shake and didn't get another in three more shakes.
Dear : I LOVE the new apps for & RSS. But, they don't seem to show up on the iPhone app? Please help... Thx!
I decided live tweeting from my haircut would be uninteresting, like the comedy of Tyler Perry.
I wnat everyone to LIKE SENSATION GURLZ wen they post their vedio online heard it gonna be kool RT if your gonna LIKE THEM
Just arrived at the #Oliver comm center for a meeting with the BCP and a number of steak holders in the Oliver comm.
Oct 22nd marks 4 years, more or less. Stay tuned for directions to the loft party.
Lots of meeting prep today.
FOLLOW ! HE WAS MY 60TH FOLLOWER :]
Congrats Rachel! Bobby, u better propose to that girl ;) MT Women's soccer earns trip 2 London #olympics. DM's Rachel Buehler
Great feeling to cut your inbox in half.
....I think the voice echoed in down the city streets. If you follow it it may reverberate back to you
what's tomorrow?
oh yes abdc in less then 20 min ohh yeah! :D
your hair is AMAZING!!(: <3
dmx is so sweet 4 naming his daughter after aaliyah
#20peoplethatilove #5 My mom, even though she drives me insane and I can't stand her half the time, I wouldn't be here if not for her.
"Repetition does not transform a lie into a truth." -- Franklin D. Roosevelt
Was 30 years ago the onset of the condition? I suppose it could be iatrogenic (meds) but if it involved medial frontal lobe...
i'm following the next 50 selenators that follows hurry :)
What kind of money do monsters use? Weirdo (weird dough).
I HATE RUNNING
Delena^^^^^^^ I love tvd <3 I've always been a Delena fan yup that's was up ^^^
what be this positive you speak of?
Good morning, all. Hope you're enjoying this Mother's Day Sunday.
who is stoked for 's new album?! well, who isn't!!!! #totallyjazzed!
Check out youngsiic
I just landed back in Milwaukee and am looking forward to playing skyrim again quite a bit
I am having a great weekend and I feel amazing today :)
im going to seaside on saturday (:, it wont be the same without the flag on the garage. But excited to see the house after a year (:
If you only have 30 friends we apologize for your newsfeed, but today we are relentlessly spreading the word :) !
Yes! Our thoughts exactly :)
Today is my #someday will follow me? #neversaynever right? 17
I think someone hit me in the face when I was sleeping cause damn, my face hurt like a bitch.
Gay vampires must have fucked up pillows
When did bars start switching between playing "kei$ha" and ??
Curly hair haircut
COACHELLA TOTALLY ROCKED!
Yo Mahomies, it's here.(: & I switch off weeks. We Also have a fanpage for Alex: (: follow<3
Mighty big puddles, my friends, mighty big puddles.
LMAO“ Shout Out to all the Niggas that got a Porno DVD on Pause at home while you at work!”
Tried to do my best in simplicity. Thanks and hugs, sweet girl.
you're welcome!
Treat Sunday like Monday and Saturday like Friday an see the results!
Ruined won best outstanding resident play and Virginia Woolf won best non-res production!
Yes! RT : #KeepItMoving “Even if you’re on the right track, you’ll get run over if you just sit there.” —Will Rogers
So, the men in my family will cook for the Mothers. They're making homemade rolls, cooking fried corn, & grilling. My Gma is proud!
goodnight babies!!!!
Interesting monday peoplee
a/b to upload the mastered version of "Just A Sample" to youtube
Unfortunately the GOP are making the same kinds of attacks against him with his White House staff now. Same repeated garbage
I'll always be extremely proud of
If I sacrificed for Lent, I would give up chain restaurants
someone hml tho..im too bored
So who started this whole calln dirty hoes ratchet? Ppl will say nething to try n sound kewl. N most of dont even kno what a ratchet rele is
So how's everyone's only-used-once jars of IKEA lingonberry jam working out for them, pretty good right
What i like in my job is lying is part of my job description. I just love sales and marketing!
we'll be ok. Truth brings us closer. See you tonight?
My tweets are so embarrassing. Like who tweets about getting chased down by a mattress mascot? Me. screw it. Yolo.
Everyone here at Print1Media is so excited!!! We're launching our new local advertising for small businesses
It might be Mother's Day, but I still have to clean the cat box
text me now! lost your number cause i got a new phone
Ersan and Dunleavy are going off tonight. PLEASE re-sign ersan next year
16 candles = the crests teen angel = mark dinning when you wish upon a star = dion and the belmont2 please mr postman = the marvelettes
I wish we never lost to GT tech... That sucked in retrospect...
My new favorite health bar Gluten/Dairy/Cholesterol Free. Quick snack and they are so good!
Steven Spielberg likes #Starbucks coffee
In most cases, all an argument proves is that two people are present.
I could retweet all day long
I hate riding the bus in the afternoon. Little kids be hyper and on my nerves
I hate when the country singers perform and no one tweets :(
Directioners Love One Direction Moms Thank you for making these beautiful boys!
so true dude
we are on twitter so follow us
We believe that San Marcos is alive and kickin'! Get out and listen to great music! ;)
I want Cotto to win !
On my way to
Can you help tony? : Any Traktor Dj geniuses out there? I just got it and need a tutorial ... Help!
like a SnapBack or vans or something, oh well, I have more money now
live it to the maximum ya penis
Yep. Stealthy Christianization and privatization of our public schools. Nothing accidental about it.
Good Luck You Guys And :D!
When you're tired you can turn good morning into a one syllable word
please follow she is you biggest fan!33
Respect is neither an obligation nor an entitlement; politeness is both ~ J. Steven Jeffries
I LOVE YOU IT'S BEAUTIFUL STOP
After 18 years as Heschel West, the school named for Abraham Joshua Heschel will be called Ilan Ramon Day School beginning 9/2011
Yeah for Aries!
RON PAUL FOR PRESIDENT
Chocolate milk for the boy, new glarus raspberry tart for dad. Cheers & happy new year!
So now we can kill the notion that a wild card team will win the super bowl. Its all division winners now
Hahah. Happens to the best of us. It's funny! :D
No. I did not buy a $135K car today.
Feeling horrible
Just saw this tweet and realized it deserves at least 10 RT's. Can't wait to see it!
Does G*Power not run correctly on Lion?
stop telling me what to do. I help spread the word...ain't that enough?!?! Sheesh! You ask so, so much of me.
I had no idea either, apparently they announced it in Feb. Only found out because my friend posted a menu pic that said goodbye.
You know you're rich when you put 9 cameras around your house just to watch teenagers ding dong ditching you!
rumor has it you are speaking at Humana next month for our learning conference. Looking forward to it!
What about teams like UK who didn't win their conf. tournament, but have won 27 of last 28. That says hot to me.
New things I just baked up!! Available on my eBay sweetreflectionz :) mention u seen me on twitter for a free hello kitty surprise bag!
Omar called Sam a wigger last night for having the Chronic on his computer
Im officially re-joining the tweetfleet. Its good to be home:)
Going out for a run, quick shower, then watching #NBA playoff action for the night. The perfect Saturday night in my book :)
haha! Love it, thanks!
Does a "Craziest piece of fan mail" competition seem fun? The winner would get a prize :)
Solid. Also could have done: Ice Cream Seller Faces Rocky Road. I got a million of them.
thanks! I'm currently on a diet. Haven't touched the stuff in a while. Still keeping the flame lit though.
dang i barely ever get on here guess i need 2 more often huh?
Wondering if this train is one pint long....
I'm really hoping my new dentist is like the one from horrible bosses.
et al Thanks for the 'fractional scholarship' tweets!
Further Decline in California Foreclosure Activity |
For you, I lay them to rest.
awe a snooker. SO cute
Evan Turner man…smh
Dshurricane93 Kosar is awesome, one of my favorite qb's growing up!
Hooray! Can't wait!
At altons for lunch with dad
Hey who wants to start a puppy mill
I'm waiting for the sun to shine. :-)
Get yo shit cut and it won't be getting pulled
Why don't they just put one huge pair of 3-D glasses in front of the screen?
on our way to park this am, Lily & I waylaid by UPS man. Threw pkg in car, late to play date. got home: dual ARC from
Register now!!......don't miss out.
OH .. sorry .. this is awkss lmao
Ahh bro Danielle frm dis season #ToughLove u needed to send her to me she is
Toys & electronics are the big draw at walmart. Stilk have doorbusters incl $49 portable dvd player & HDTVs.
Between Lundquist and Holtby, this is gonna be like three hours of overtime. And that's awesome.
also love idea of "Mercs" after Toombs on Riddick
Thanks, brother. We can do that anytime.
Ha ha ha ha that's when they really pick up!!!
Did you see HW at one of the shows on the European tour with Delain? If so, be sure to tag yourself in one of the photos!
just finished mine. March was tough...but worth it. Good luck!
Finally getting my head shots done this week-end! Soon my days of craigslist auditions will be over!
Peacocks @ obrians 2 night yea!!! If your coming write me a message ;)
Dude!!! What's UP? How did you know? Perfect timing... Thank You!
In breckenridge,co enjoying the winter wonderland scenery! #sobeautiful:)
she was in tv.
Ah Darn it! I'm rolling solo tonight since Shawn is at Class! You should have totally been my date!
There are easily as many girls that wear t-shirts and sweats to class as there are girls that wear sundresses at that school.
ECHO ECHO ECHO ECHO
Reading and writing book reviews today
i feel the same way bruh, team lakers all day but i hate when they do that they, they always got you on the edge of your seat
I'm gonna get my beaver stuck in the zipper.
I just want to tell you that you have such beautiful hair.
- He can move, you mean he can "twist"?
hell yeah, that dude's mixes are a PROBLEM. i personally can't wait for it/them to drop. *elbow's LL in ribs*
What i need from you is UNDERSTANDING .
Re: cost - providers say "we need this information"
We hope everyone is having a marvelous day!
Support Sendik's! Roundy's empire challenged by fresh, fair, and more friendly service
Happy Hump Day! We have Happy Hour going on until 7p.m. tonight!
cant wait for 5pm!!
The new Architects (UK) album is giving me chills. If you like the heavier side of alternative hard rock, seek this band out.
wanna thank & the rest of the team for this incredible ride, win or lose tomorrow
So true! RT : Much of life is just showing up!
heck yeah! We should all like exchange our numbers so we can meet up there!!! IM SO EXCITED!!!
Hey pastry world is here for you if you need any advice on being a teen tweet at me got the swagist advice
It's a quest for fun...
Got myself some fancy new undershirts.
My stomach hurts! :(
im up getting everybody ready for school and work
How did NLM's pill box work? All goes back to community
Show tonight at Cheetahs in Hollywood. Exotic dancers+MP=Awesome time! Hope to see you!
Damn you have a a lot of followers! I bet you feel special. Haha!
Here in Ashland,MA... scattered clouds, 76F with dewpoint in the ever so comfy mid 50's. Another perfect ten!
Life is pretty good.. Chillin by the fire
14hrs n the studio recording. Amp blewup&started a fire.2cabs destroyed. Floyd rose all f'dup. Bottom line the EP is gona slay! ToTheFight!
Cat nip? :o Connor what kind of activities are you promoting?! ;)
goaltender David Leggio is not on list of Sabres non roster players. i know its not a big deal. just thought i would mention it.
hook me up brotha and im not gonna unfollow. Lol
nothinnn. do you have aim?
Kimchi goes with hummus, right? You're a lucky lady, Betsey.
Paulie's Pub in West Allis Tonight !
“: I didn't know there was so many Pacers fans” hahah
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. - Maya Angelou
Bitches Do The Most On Twitter...
tomorrow at noon.? u busy.?
you probably do. I'm everywhere
Does #library exist where you can #read quietly, w/o biz men doing deals, children running/screaming, #homeless peeing on #toilet seat, etc?
It's amazing that more companies don't embrace the work from home flex schedule model.
I wanna annoy all my friends maby I will get a stupid picture and tag everyone on facebook
One, patients being treated for AD are likely to have experienced one or more types of childhood abuse and neglect.
I got my Griffins in Paris, and they goin' gorillas.
Depends on if it's red or white. : D
As if I haven't played the piccolo solo from Stars & Stripes enough, I now hear it daily at work while the network covers Obama.
make me food anything but pizza
Hope you enjoyed The Christmas Note :-) Thanks for reading! Merry Christmas!
Oh yes, I'l be a part of BTR Season 3. Can't wait to see what Scott and the writers come up with!
One of the best parts of growing older? You can flirt all you like since you've become harmless.
awe :) take a nap =D
Why Live By The Laws & You Only Live Once ?
Already having the best #aam2012 and haven't even met anyone yet!
Hahaha. I will be sure to bring my easel. I forgot markers though!
Walked in on Letty cuddling with the battered paperback "Game of Thrones" I use to prop open the window. Sad!
Check your budget: Can you survive on $2 per day? Share your thoughts and feedback.
4. Shadow banking system, rather than banks themselves, collapse, bringing banks down with them. Chaos ensues.
"Don't wait for a prince to steal your heart, he may not give it back. Instead, wait for the man to whom God entrusted the key."
Without love, life wouldn't exist.
On the menu: Thai rice noodles, sweet & sour boneless chicken strips, carrots and green peppers.
what do you mean?
I don't like my food to touch. It's immoral. Especially since they are unmarried.
dude! Whats up?
Just contributed $1 to the office lottery pool. #GonnaBeSoRich!
How do people feel about separate twitter accounts for personal and professional?
jordy now has mee thinkin that i should get my hair cut off
she got the best p**** in the city and when she cum be like figi!
CHECK EMAIL
worth noting the police, while authoritarian, have for the most part not been violent
Props for correct usage of indefatigable!
Don't forget to mark your calendars! Twitter party is 3 days away. Monday 8-9pm EST! Hashtag:
hope you have a safe flight boo <3
I like your work...check out mine at www.leocortesstudios.com
Life is like making tea: Boil your ego, evaporate your thoughts, dilute your sorrows, filter your mistakes and get a taste of happiness.
Lakers- wtf. Seasoned fan so not worried just yet...
im bout to go bowling
don't forget to nominate your fave. charity for our annual donation.. just tweet us w/ the name & website of the organization!
Would you rather be locked in a record store all day, or a musical instrument shop?
Five Favorite Films with Whit Stillman Back in the 1990s, Whit Stillman wrote and directed what might be regarded three modern American c
A healthy, civilized society would never deprive its citizenry of equal justice under law!
Who-hoo! Just remembered that will be at the CO Teen Lit Conference this Saturday! So excited! Gotta find my copy of Shiver...
Missed my yesterday.-_- GLAD THEY BEAT THE HEAT! That's my team right there
It's a Holiday Celebration! WE REACHED 300K VIEWS BEFORE 2012! Thank you everyone for supporting our video!
Dear God: Please help me to reach my full potential in this life.
I hate to see yall frownin but i love to see her smilin
Bring your kids to tomorrow morning for the Kids Workshop! From 9am-12pm, kids participate in crafts & learn tool safety!...
RT : hopefully will get 700 followers by tonight only need another 35 please help guys by retweeting this cheers:D
I'm on a bus!
#Educare of Central Maine is celebrating the Week of the Young Child with Desiree Marin for adventures in storytelling.
Itz a Nice <U+2600>Day!
so jealous of you right now
I wish I Iived in asia so I could see you on tour!!! <3
once equalibrum is chg people push 2 find new 1. A particular velocity (incls direction) can b a person equalibrum but that CAN
I have to admit I LOVE every story where a 10-year-old kid finds a mistake in a museum-grade dinosaur exhibit.
"discipline that is not fueled by delight will not last" truth spoken by on my morning commute podcast today...
...creating a pathfinder for 407 assignment whose audience is....wait...well....me....
I can't believe how buggy is. I can't believe anybody would pay for it.
Libraries: Because Nobel Laureates Don't Cite Wikipedia.
for sure!
Well, hello old(new) chum(s)... ! I think you're nifty, especially you
I gave up my airline seat to a Soldier going home to surprise his family Thank you for serving welcome home
We are happy to be working with you on the Public Fellows program!
you left 2k at my house.
UNDER THE LIGHTS TONIGHT YOU TURNED AROUND AND YOU STOLE MY HEART WITH JUST ONE LOOK, WHEN I SAW YOUR FACE I FELL IN LOVD
Who wouldn't! Alicia is one very sexy and sensuous Lady! It would be the ride of a lifetime for sure!
RT : I'm calling it right now...The #Mavericks will win the NBA title this season...write that down so you
#idol - Sadly I missed Phillip's second song. Will youtube it later.
Had a great time interviewing Lance Ledbetter of for with this afternoon.
Going to read "Bark, George" to about 50 kids today with #ssjcpl's fabulous youth services coordinator for a Rotary Read-in. Fun stuff!
Purple Belted Coat- perfect for my little redhead!
Thanks for all of your support of the non-profit community!
Orange County Transportation Authority used SMS to improve customer service and cut costs. www.zesmo.com
When #ruthless times call for #ruthless measures, I know I can always count on
I'm feelin the freestyle
When Greg Dobbs plays baseball, he reminds me of Helen Keller.
Thanks, your direct input helps me know what classes students need the most help in.....
Busy sinful saturday for me.
Fast fat loss tip: Eat 5-6 times per day. Think protein, quality fats, and veggies!
RT Pier Paolo Pasolini born today, 1922. 'I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.'
jus due for a new one
My students performed amazingly for New Hope Community Church's sunday service. Thank you Jesus for this beautiful day!!!
#IGetJealousOf every.single girl you talk to.
My twitlonger I posted yesterday... Applies today too.
that was nice
thanks..me too!
haha... Thanks for the RT :D
Coyotes are looking a lot stronger this game but the Kings are letting up!
Thank you, #walgreens, for making me wait another hour for a prescription that should have been ready 4 hours ago
Do you think recent mainstream media focus on the topic could help to make a multiplicity of gender present's possible?
Up early ready to interview some glamorous makeup artist, lash stylists and nail techs for an upcoming fashion show
#MCN2011 attendees-Hyatt room wifi is free-but you have 2 OK the Internet charge on browser launch, then it will be taken off your bill.
I'll be there too. It's my second year and this time I know what to expect. :)
The Lord has blessed me with such great sisters to whom I look up to and adore. Thank you
I tell em meet me in thee bathroom ! :)
76 westbound, ya fucks! The lawrence arms are playing in cleveland. Party all the way.
this damn store smell like pure FEET!
Yes but would it work for selling homes? cc
a big thank you to all who have followed and used brewcitybites over the past few months! we're off to a great first year! #thanks!
shut up
did you drive that on a Sunday night?
Hey I just met you and this is crazy but here is my number so call me maybe (:
my knee still hurts but idgaf, i'm still going to tumble.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0085> girl, please.
Can not wait til tomorrow. Waking up at 7:30am to get ready for a 4 hour ride to see and give him his mustache bracelet :-)
Sucks to being studyin and reading, while all i can think of is you
wins in the 93rd minute... starts the season off right for the 2nd straight year
BAM! RT : With a regulation decision in the Milwaukee game, the #Amerks have clinched a berth in the 2012 Playoffs!
I'm going CRAZY here! Why isn't it 4:00 yet?! I wanna see and on ! Gijhihighrfgfnjijhjieg!!!
This is the column Pierce was born to write, really.
i forever love you for this :)
lmao, These People Take Me As A Joke ! Finna Unfollow You Mf's
she pullin me....
Peace Bro Damon. Enjoyed you at The comedy show at SF.
I understand the point he was trying to make but....................RT "the only thing that makes you homosexual is sex..." -Pastor
No disrespect but can't remember a game he dominated. RT
wow, so ghetto. ._______.
they r not bad for a school in the 100's.
At work today there were donuts and flavored coffee, but it was all gone before I got any. Guess I'm SOL today. =/
Terrible news for Rose and the Bulls.
that day will be the best day of life.
So freaking sick of school. 2 power points, a paper, math tub, and homework in the last 3 weeks is just nonsense.
hope shows and everything else is going well for you sweetie. You look gorgeous in your new pic, xoxox
Is at the citizenship office to see diana take her oath!
yeah...I seriously haven't slept b4 3AM in dayyysssss grrr lol
you goin' for the champs right?
Great then put mine together too. lol
Show @ Rockbar March 5th with Reverse Halo Effect and Seeking 7.
I keep looking at my phone seeing if Austin tweeted.. Lol he never will
Ferris Bueller's Day Off = the original flash mob
so I wanted to be the first to inform you that, as of today, kombucha is back.
Colored tattoos look good on light skinned people.
yeah I was planning on doing that!
lollllllz I love you
i love when my iPod clears memory <3 O WAIT NO I DONT
#nfais: Maria Bonn from U of Michigan talking about "Liquid Books" leaving behind the constraints of the container
Great thanx for askin..maybe better if i get to know you..!! lol
NO! No reason to watch anymore.
Beliebers love you Justin
Sow kindness, you will reap a crop of friends.
Is it normal for goldfish to spend 10 hrs a day wading at the surface gasping for air? I don't get these creatures, or how to save them
being new to twitter!!
Here my chance to get to follow me! Hola Justin! How are you??
School is goin to be to thirsty tomorrow. #damnlookinkindadehydrated #no2012seniors c/o 2013 y'all got this though!
Unhappy so far today with -- not being flexible on travel plans flying into the heart of Igor
Let's get it
Tough to play a song like that with kids present. Check us out at johnny's Saturday, explicit words allowed
What is on your agenda tonight? I need to get up a #Giveaway ... Wonder which one I post ... Hm.
fuck well hell we got brass knuckles and pepper spray we will be alright
So proud of our girls..such a close game. We're 2nd place in the state out of so many.
I need more followers mind helping?
Attention : dck is still going live stay tuned in! Ha
Nice! Thanks so much.
RT if you think lack of awareness and knowledge about the mentally disabled is a problem!
Walking home from Hags' house... Alone... In dark... Cold. Fun Saturday.
i hate mal.
ya know, never did get to see those shoes I sent ya
Your dads shot is so funny. He lifts his leg up every single time haha
Every female I talk to ask me the same damn question y don't have a gf kinda weird hmm
Every One Follow —> &
--me too
In danger of playing this song so much I end up hating it.
G-ma's fight for good deals @ Nordstrom. I should give them my SS check, not the IRS. Seems they spend my hard-earned $ on the sales rack.
President Obama is currently landing marine-one at my high school on his way to Clooney's $40,000 a plate fundraising dinner
I just saw your DVD and heard your testimony & how you helped a family and blessed them with a home.
since u live in Jersey do u ever see any of the boyz
why is my inklink name piggypower.....
“: This Peyton thing has really been a pain in the neck.” .. You think he hurt his neck saying NO! To SanFran ..
No, you're not. You're a cool runner guy with a great heart. Yep that's me being smarmy
It's almost Friday get #cashforcars from #ParkroseAutoCenter of Portland, Or. We buy cars of all makes and models.
Great to follow you! Our GOAL is to help increase your properties potential sale and value.
Did u get that artwork you were looking for?
VOTE Harry Thomas, Jr. #3 on the ballot...TEAM THOMAS is ready for VICTORY!!!!
Just sent that #OTG fire.
Q: In militaryspeak (which apparently is one word?!), what is an aerodynamic personnel decelerator? A: a parachute.
Hello sunshine! Look forward to seeing everyone tonight at the TFOS Dinner!
I don't have a big head...
When no one else is watching. God is.
Life's too short, so kiss slowly, laugh insanely, love honestly and forgive quickly.
On the flipside, for every 100 recommendations from a brand, less than 0.5% of inbound clicks. Moral: BRAND ADVOCATES MATTER!
you are so adorable
A great guy is a great guy regardless of height. Great Guys are Rare and Deserve to be Appreciated.
Long rehearsal tonight but we're excited to perform for all the #kingsfans at open practice Thursday! Don't forget your unwrapped toy!
Hey! No I havent yet, I'm sorry. I've been busy working on some other projects. You can pass on me if you need or wait. Up to u
Looking for San Diego County Fair blue-ribbon winners. Do you make award-winning jam? Great homemade wine? Do you enter/win every year?
Loving this father daughter duo on AGT!
I concur. Lol!
caint wait for finals to end so i can just chill for a bit
Wait, you guys know each other too?
I bet you a nickel his campaign issues a statement late this afternoon that he regrets that the victim was upset.
I may not be a priest, but I can take you to the heavens, princess.
“: #Note: If ur in a Good n' Loving Relationship> Protect it.”
2 goal lead at home is the worst lead in hockey
Thanks for the happy hour plug! It was so much fun to see so many smiling faces there.
America is either gonna start ww3 or end it , not both
Sounds good RT : Q9: fav chocolate: chocolate & peanut butter ice cream
glad you enjoyed it!
What do you have planned for your #mom today? Brunch, dinner, lovely gifts? She deserves all of it!
traveling light, then.
missin u like crazy today tia! rest in peace i love and miss you<3
Overdosing on is ironic
RT : Ladies you're in #NaturallyPretty feature today
well, if it's a fold out, then OK! haha. that would be awesome. I love that you live there. except I hate that it's far away.
Feelin good after the 1st week. 6 lbs down!
yeah it was a fake picture
ITS TIME the #colts are
dont know much about twitter just trying it out keeping up with lady gaga
Made it! I can see the stars. Gotta love that about the country.
3 months is too long!! we promise our new stuff is worth the wait
Please nice weather stay with us, we love you!
#NUAN at 52 week high. Great pick. What's next??
to which replied, "I've never SEEN the projects..."
Saw a dark blue Lamborghini rolling down Collins in miami. Plate: GTL . Then I ride up to check the driver....yup. The situation
sushi Thursday?!?!?!?
Wow, great pic. Hope you love twitter as much as I do! You probably won't follow as many librarians tho.
Join us tomorrow night for Art, Cocktails, Flowers and more! 1165 13th St. Boulder From 5:30-9pm We would love to see you!!!
bout to leave my house for class now!
You should come see a show at #Stage773 too!
Good luck to our president at his presentation the Entrepreneur class!
Having seen and felt the end, you have willed the means to the realization of the end. -Thomas Troward
It's a beautiful car! My brain says 1958 or so ....
yea very quick nip. Heading back now. Game tonight is going to be really good. Better than last week.
I'm getting ready to go to sleep.
Roger Goodell is dishing out the bear hugs at the draft.
im so ready for this trip!
whats a promise? Yeah promise:) loll
bring em, don't FORGET!!!
Did you have any other choice?? RT : Looks like I'll be a doctor!!
what's the name of it?
I try to stay aware of all my wounds to make sure I'm healing them on my own and not making my child feel responsible for healing them.
.....just realized I didn't get any girl scout cookies this year...I'll be missing my Tagalongs- Peanut Butter Patties.
Plan to attend the Awards Ceremony and Reception today at 4:15 & 5:30!
I'm about to treat z's like Pokemon, gotta catch em all
An inordinate passion for pleasure is the secret of remaining young ~ Oscar Wilde
Thx for new follows!
Demo Final Cut Pro X at the Foundation Room, 333 N. Oregon at 11am Sunday-- then head to the Plaza for "Dumbo".
I guess tonight's the night everyone's upset. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Is David Stern a descendant of Adolph Hitler ?
Hope all has been well for you. Any follow-up to my March enquiry about joining as a Service Officer? Many thanks!
i mean he nice kuz he from my city ahaha
inviting my friends from facebook to visit us a happy famuly artist in Twitter, come Twitt my game...
how do so many people die in bathtubs? i haven't taken a bath since 1987.
Looks like it's going to be a long night
She is just amazing! I would love to be her tonight.
Thanks doll face!!:) RT : awww I like your new head shot
Miller Or Diaz?
when you come back to NY can you have like a free meet and greet or something? i miss you! </3
Last night to party before Spring Break ends!
No matter what it looks/feels like. I must stay strong!
just being the strongest man in maine in addition to the most interesting. Hows life in maryland, aka bruin country?
I love Baltimore but man... The Bmore accent is one of the worst.
Turmoil Street Team Coming Soon!
Not only is Barack Obama spiking the football, but he is doing a traditional Kenyan dance in the end zone. Awful.
Sad day for the state RT The State Board of Higher Ed unanimously voted to fire Richard #Lariviere effective Dec. 28.
past few days have featured me and my headphones for hours on end.
Time to clean!
Ya!! I killed all of mine, becuase they wouldn't shut up when i was sleeping. hahaha
OMFGIMMA CRY (': my baby 's song is so AMAZING <3 (':
Twitter is much better than Facebook, where people are spending less time these days. Much less garbage here.
How do you express yourself?
hand it over dude.
When is Stuart Holden's projected return date? Does he try to leave Bolton if they get regulated?
What experience you have, where you want to go, how grad school fits in, and what xyz Univ can do for you.
thank you sir.
We've all had our nights, don't be so ashamed, I've had mine, you've had yours, we both know.
Sipping on peach ciroc wit two jays rolled up#in my zone ps.. Waiting for her to show idek think she gon come tho for real tho
Yeah, did consider cardiff have mates there but the venue looks dodge lol. What do u do apart from listen to drake ? x
Always gr8 talkn to an ol friend - Dale Galloway! Wish u all could know him. One of the most Christlike men I know. Like a dad!
Walking home in the rain is a mother fucking stress.
my brother from another tweet,,,how you been man?
Hungover and in need of some pizza. Stat
some dude with a fake profile to scare peeps away. Trying to say I was harassing someone. Apparently he's >18 posting dirty shit.
you're welcome #redheads glad I could spice up your night! Now support my friends & buy that single when it drops!
follow me!:) i have a tumblr:)
I want this phone now lik ive waitin a very long time
Just saw 's The Five Year Engagement with , hilarious (thanks for the screening tix )
lol, which one?
Maybe you're in the Twilight Zone or the Outer Limits. LOL
you are a caveman
Thanks to everyone who stopped by tonight. I'll be back for more tomorrow evening.
yes sir!
I wish I had an hour of you guys!
I want some candy.
A bunch!! I wish I had a Blog now as I have daily events this entire month! Freezers all went down tho so in crisis mode too.
So sick of dang #traffic!!! Ugh!!!
In anticipation of book 2, book 1 prices have been slashed. Email if you want the paperback for only $7 (or 2 for $10).
Um sure, I'll take it!
I JUST REALISED I AM 1 IN 3,033,167 OF THE FOLLOWERS OF AMAZING OMG Hes so famous.... and so much older than me! CARROTS! hehe
Your welcome! It's a very helpful article. I even shared it with my chapter !
great idea!
There's still upset #Bronco fans! Denver went from 2nd worst team, to the playoffs! Cheer up Denver! Things are getting better!
I gave an example that contradicted your statement. You had none to support it.
What does that even mean...? OH, they were cold..? HAHAHAHA. -__-
Match my job creating record Barack Obama
Whur you at??
bummer! My MIL tripped and hurt her foot...2 days later she went to the doctor to find out it was broke lol
S/o to one of the realest people I know
I'll be interviewing shortly with Actress/Entrepreneur/ TV Personality/Producer
WHERE THE MILL AT I GOT THAT REAL PACK SIT BACK JUST CHILL WE WHERE THE CHILL AT YOU HOT HEADS CHILL BACK
oh fuck ya we will. This is my favorite rays squad ever
nothing really just be random i guess >.<
Beautiful cool morning in Gruene, TX.
NSAID's like Motrin, Ibuprofen, Aleve, Naprosyn, Advil, and Celebrex have serious side effects. Do you know what they are?
yea, its a tumblr thing. Lol
For a very ornate building they made very bad choices in furniture.
lol!! its true tho! but u going have a good time in new york and theres cutes boys:).....in some places.
that's where you're wrong!
Bulls ya know
U so would have one u r the best I like everything u do plzz follow me I love u with all my heart <3
It's not what you do in the gym that's the most important it's what you do when your out of the gym that affects your results
1 shot, 2 shots...I'm gone!
Paradise was made for tender hearts; hell, for loveless hearts. Voltaire
Thanks for the mention!
Sometimes I wonder whats wrong with me and my friends (:
losing respect for every minute that hobag stays. Who skinny dips on national TV?
Thanks so much! I should add that another tool that some institutions for impact research is Scopus. Similar idea to JCR.
The game dev process: dudes in suits say, "Team, you have X months and Y dollars to make the game. GO!" Team says, "Yay!"
how much dey cost
I am completely amazed that more college students don't get hit by cars around UT. They totally don't look. At all.
My dads the best gave me a dub n the car to buy a bottle.. had a horrible morning #ThtsGudParentn :)
if your bored in class, go to www.aaron.tv and cam shuffle with other lifeforms!
hey I just noticed I was your first follower :o I'm just that cool.
Bask in bright thoughts.
Seriously, we're at church not the jersey shore. Its called modesty
Go Bucks
Which ward do you live in?
Somebody call the pretty bitches tho!
nigga you just farted , don't touch me !
so i light another cigarette too calm me down
That's great! :) RT : Just joined , good service, good people. Monthly massages here I come!
Hey :) how are you doing? I haven't talked to you since the.... 27th!! Hope to hear from ya soon :)
This is the unhappiest #MadMen ever.
can you post them in twitpic format ?
You & me both RT I am not becoming impatient
i wish i could have been in gaga's presence last evening or this evening...oh well i can keep dreaming. now all i can say is i hate comcast
Saw the pics from the Battle of the Bands, looked amazing! But here's the real question, who won?
Good morning ;)
Taco Shack for lunch, Stubbs for dinner. Happily eating my way through Austin
Any who fenna get ready to do my lil sis hair for her baby shower tomorrow
Afte all of my ex's have BROKEN UP WITH ME. They all begged me to be with them again. Haha
I live in Rochester,MN. YEP I know I hear it here.. SO much that I try to anticipate it and say it b4 they do..now thats FUN
Open your heart to him as you talk and ask him if he's open to figuring out how you both can get your needs met
but mine are all pretty boringg..
said it earlier in the year, fielding and baserunning not good enough for playoffs.
Get rid of all bitterness, rage, anger, harsh words, and slander, as well as all types of evil behavior. Ephesians 4:31
I love business books! Finished going through How to Win Friends and Influence People this week and starting on the E-myth Revisited. GREAT!
38% of Facebook fans hide your updates from their walls.
we're working on our website - going to have a feature tour, working customer examples, etc. very soon.
falsettos give me goosebumps...
common sense is not very common
Heading back to finish cleaning windows in St. Paul, Grand/Snelling area, then a bike ride while I'm in the area.
thanks! Bennie creates some pretty amazing pieces.
"Apology made to whoever pleases/still they got me like Jesus."
At mixx... Had to retweet my old tweet RT One big room full of real niggas and a bunch of bad bitches
ur welcome. Us mets fans have to stick together :)
Ate at Bumble Bee's then are gelato!Have a great DAY!
- I love the quotes from students. How did you set this activity up? (I apologize if you've gone over it already!)
"ballerinas as weiners now that's a powerful metaphor! That speaks words to people!"
“: I love my spring floppy hat from and so much I am going to wear it right now, while working in the kitchen :P”
Nights like tonight >>
Pray for those you love, and pray for those you want to learn to love more. . .
nice working with you today
NIGGA,I grew up fast,grew up fast.Im just a young vegas nigga,chasin that cash !
one boy, two cups. What? I like frozen yogurt.
I tend to agree with Jacob's view that less is more and I've been pleasantly suprised by the font variety.
Skyping with da bestie, and wishing that I could be with him in the STL.
there 3 sides to a story , my side , your side && the truth .
Trying to stay prayed up
Happy Valentine's Day to all our family, friends and consortium members!
Have been in a total, helpless slump all day. I demand a do-over!
Baseball suspensions are so stupid. If you're going to suspend a SP, make it 5 starts, not 5 games. Also, how soft are baseball players?
thank you for the RT.
I think Superman more so than Spiderman. He is handsome, no room for argument there.
A Relationship WithOut Trust Is Not even a Relationship
Expose her via twitter lmao RT : I'll give sombody 10$ to shoot this ratchet girl at this table
#Dorsey, Electric Barracuda. Comic crime evil spawn of Carl Hiassen and Hunter S. Thompson, side-splitting in places, over the top in others
#funfacts about teeth: Each person's set of teeth is unique - much like their fingerprints - even in identical twins.
I finally have a horizontal drivers license, this feels very odd.
cleaning my room then beatin off ..... an by beat off i mean drumming with the band
This sounds more autotoned then t-pain lmao .
Dude did you text me ?
Loving this weather!! <U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600><U+2600> I should be getting tan instead of being in class
That alarm just did not have to go off :(. Good morning yall
Hey Mrs.Peaches..we r good? I will tell him u said hello? Hw are u and the beautiful grandbabies?
Milwaukee bound. Holla
Is it unambitious of me that there are only 3? RT Jot down the five things you most want to accomplish in the next 20 years.
Cities, no matter how historic, have become like cities everywhere.
We <3 beautiful days is having FLASH SALE: 20% off all purchases of $100+. Just in time 4 Mother's Day gift 2 yourself, perhaps?
great song RT : <U+266B> Listening to 'In The Sand' by 'Anouk' <U+266B>
RT : Roses are red, violets are blue, happy Star Wars Day, May the Fourth be with you.
RT : 2 Great shows tonight w/ #killed!
Doing homework lol you?
Just made it back from the Blue ridge Mtns n it was incredibly dope....
wish ppl supporting ID laws were as concerned about weak link in balloting system: flawed integrity of electronic voting machines
Twitter wish... To have following this guy. #JustSayin #HopesAndDreams ; )
Just thinking....I would make a good psychiatrist hm
I didn't have a world worth living in until Sadie came into mine. #FollowFriday (via )
I remember the hot summer out there 1977 to 1998 but I see summer is a lot worse time for a rain dance
If the Magic are going to start to make moves, they should start at the top. Stuff rolls down hill if you know what I'm saying. Otis 1st.
no importa ! I always go to sleep at this time and I wake up at 530 :D
whatever helps right? ;)
Hope all my buds in Texas are safe.
Firehook Bakery savors the aroma of success by growing slowly!
I haven't heard a lactation joke that I didn't like.
Lol lol he just said ok call HER.....LIKE Really.....
What?! “: Reports saying that former #Dolphins linebacker #Junior Seau has died after being involved in shooting in So. Cal.”
Great win. We lost focus late Q3 but got back in the game like champs! #GoLakers!!!!!
the miami flops
Reason #1 to NVMe: We start the fight then finish the fight and you get kicked out the club
God made us sisters; Prozac made us friends
Got all my bro's behind me.
I am still learning ~ Michelangelo
Lies. Never such a thing. RT Too much. Too much vagina.
Music written in conjuction with books...and a movie in the making? :) (ok, music.)
Yeah, I read most mags now on my tablets. Still get Smithsonian in the mail and love it.
Ideal meal for a two year old: old goldfish crackers found in car seat, nice tall glass of soapy bath water
lol I was getting ready to buy all 3 of your plugins and your site went down for upgrades :/
You are an example of better things to come.
You got me with that one. Hope you're having a great trip.
Mayweathet's best round
Got an interest letter from ODU.
I saw him at the yellow rose earlier.
Veras time....hold on tight #brewers fans.
One benefit of being at a predominately male sports conference. No line for the ladies room and a really long line for the men's.
I'm not comfortable being around people I don't know , I don't speak I just look at them like who tf are you .
What Britney Spears? That pisses me off.
Fabulous kudos to you for organizing an amazing week+ of events! Enjoy the vino : ) Cc
music . cleaning . bby in bed . Jersy Shore . Birthday in Less then 3 hours .
you will trust me
In a matter of 20 seconds Mark Zuckerberg friended me, poked me, blocked me, then tweeted the finger to me.
Out of it
Thanks FullFrame for your continued support ~ Chico
Mind ya own and you live long
"That screenwriter needs to spend a week in a crawl space!" - #TooMeta - and the Devers! - an awesomely executed episode of
Oh jeez. Now she has to hire me.
What's the next project, you ask? Clicker training the cats.
new titles, new subjects
i think i dated that guy
Only takes one to slip and make the sparks fly!
hey random question, do you know of any good 2D animators in the Seattle area?
Dear Mom, thank you for not raising two idiots. Both of your kids have made it through 16 without kids. And we aren't morons.
tired of feeling this way.. <U+E403>
Dear Sleep, I know we had our trubbles when I was little. But now. I love you.<3
Rock On Girrl. No more red heals this time! Thank you for the message! please follow back...
looking fwd to seeing you! If the 12th doesn't work for M maybe another night works?
can't speak for everyone but lately I've been selling btwn 50 and 100 A DAY.
Lol i jus watched a old flick i made n... she said uh uh i cant take nomor... lol
I'm currently learning a valuable life lesson, it's titled: "Tequila"
The May revised budget has great news for schools. Let’s hope this means that school funding is once again heading in the right direction.
Gonna put you on double secret probation.
Looking forward to seeing #SMILEcon supporter at
I need to diet with u lol
Seeking Sales Hunters you out in the market who enjoy creating , recruiting new sales and new business leaders. click link call me http://
Thank God for the awesome life He has given to me! great wife, super cool son, a wonderful church family & the chance to be in bible college
what was it?
lmao okay okay but your schedule just so hectic for me lol
Just landed. Will never fly with #TurkishAirline again. Never!
You can run unlimited free reports, might a good way to keep track. We have a free account where you can save your reports.
hey congrats on placing that's awesome.
lol, it might be. Ur a strong cup of coffee. But then, someone who overstands that aroma will approach u, smell me?
export #freebase data out with IDs and then in #gridworks reconcile by IDs - no fuzzy matching needed
I just wanted to say thank you to you and because you two have really blessed me this morning!Keep it up!\o/
Depends on the circumstances. Only been there a couple times, but saw families. Pretty tame place.
It is a tragedy that 's album hasn't been released yet.
Studio night!!! Puttin in work y'all!!!
Appreciate the mention in your article about IBM moving to Sugar. That was me who asked the question "Why did you chose Sugar"!
Hey Richard! We just got here; hope to see you soon!
perfect for at home moms...www.millionaireminds.org Free discount texts with an unparalleled opportunity attached
Somebody take me to see 21 jumpstreet please thanks!
thanks for the comments!
also- you're the one who actually bought it...
#ProLoveMarchATL is not a protest. Pro-Love March is a rally to promote peace, love, and unity.
“: lol. I told u. I'm trying to learn tho”no prob
Hah! I already had it open. Nice work!
How does my day get better just by you sending me a picture of a dead duck?
#FF horror film about to hit the festival circuit and my costars
How do you start & continue to facilitate discussion of erotic titles in book groups, help people past their shyness?
Not Pulitzer relevent, obviously, but relevent to the audience.
#WhatMeansTheWorldToYou my friends, making weapon, and having kids in the future
Oh look! A miracle! He's coming back in!
thanks. Flights were good. Now the drive begins. Wish me luck!
Why is it politicians and society use the term Christian so loosely? Being a Christian is someone who follows Jesus, Son of God. Obama? LOL
I've seen it in the app store. But until I saw ur pic I wasn't into it. Nice job! I'm getting it now
oh alright lol
off to that doctor my mom wants me to see. For a strep test I have white bumps in my throat and its sore :( prayers!
Going to spend the night with my boy >>>
Oh, well that's cutting-edge journalism right there. :)
Thanks, new followers! Have a great weekend!
"If you are going to be innovative, you have to participate" Great breakfast session with Adobe
The police chief is stepping down.
Be careful with your body. I say switch weights or take a swim.
yes I have on both. Amazing so down to earth.
whats going on in ATL? I have that pic of you here somewhere! LoL
I still have no bedroom or kitchen, but The Art Plant is fully functional! At least I have my priorities straight!
good catching up with you!
TGIF! Stop in for our delicious Louie's Demise beer battered cod or walleye fish fry!
mine's done May 16, and I'd love to come but Centre Socialists are pretty much dead, not much interest at Centre
Teeth cleaning and then great lunch with my buddy Brent - back to work!
just leaving now! Played Chameleon last night
My morning is going great so far!
Hit up Great local artist! : DC Artists! We need you for a mural collabo w/ for a new location...
great choice! we know you'll love it. RT: bought a piece of yours on excited to get it!
I love Cody :) I talk to him on fb all the time ..
Left work early hoping I would miss some of this stupid traffic! Fuck!!
Every song is funny if you sing it in an Arnold Schwarzenegger accent.
Thanks for coming, man.
rest before work won't hurt right?!
#sahd. Any of you teach your kids sign? Squeaks know about 20 #asl signs
RT : An American Draft Dodger In Paris
mhmhmhmhmhhm wonder how these guys can eat so frekin much?!?!?!
I have 399 followers! Who will be # 400? It's
Tonight I continue my movie marathon leading up to The Avengers. Iron Man 2 is on the docket.
i'm gonna go bungee jumping without a cord
Thanks for the RT, Doug! Hope you're doing well. Let me know if you decide to run for President!
Did it really just hail in Miami today? What
I bet your friend Lisa peed her adult diaper.
Ugh, I hate that one. For me its kinda like death row. Bring on the hangman because I'm no longer scared of the dark!
well my birthday is in 20 days so :P
We should order some hit wings for the game.
offensive foul game over
Lunch Dessert - CHOCOLATE CAKE vanilla ice cream
Have food of some sort on my jeans...weird...
Best things are worth fighting for.
if you have access to a .edu email address you can get it for $40, but otherwise I think it's $80 a year
what time is the map pack gonna come out Tuesday?
Those girls on "My Super Sweet 16" that get pissed when daddy buys them the wrong car. B*tch, I don't even have a bike.
Good audition today, shooting a short tomorrow and sunday! What a week!!
Im a little drunk on you, and high on summer time <3
The Vandals totally punked the Visigoths. No one commits acts of visigothism anymore.
Underneath our roots are tangled and buried deep. When the leaves have fallen from the trees, do we grow together entirely?
Bad #karma for #Capitals as #Rangers score less than 2 minutes in. Brad Richards makes it 1-0.
By age 12, 1 in 4 girls has experienced street harassment. By age 19, 90% of women have experienced it. Unacceptable!
Last day of #FGS2010. Ran late for my first session, so am hanging out in a rocking chair until the exhibit hall opens.
The kindest word is an unkind word unsaid..Say a prayer for the Child of GOD. Whitney Houston the LORDS Hears all things.
Life Lesson: When a boy can sweet talk you perfectly...chances are, he is experienced. (Look before you fall)
NIALL i have a question..!
Congratulations #AdeleAwards for your big win tonight. You certainly deserve it. Cheers! , ,
Didn't do my homework for mrs.traynor
Thanks as always : )
happy mothers day legs!
Don't you think he ment bro's before Hoes. "Yes but I didn't want to offend the Hoes" LOL :D
looking into it now. Was too late to book the donut tour. Just asked a friend to join the t-shirt making. Done it yet?
I think the #HEAT can still get to the finals without bosh. If #LeBron keeps playing the way he is. Big day tomorrow for heat fans! #KO time
you got this lady. Give kisses from me.
please follow she is you biggest fan!76
Write Oregon's U.S. Senators to encourage them to support the Education Jobs Act.
I Blame It On Da Model Broad Wit Da Hollywood Smile
yes they do
The message you spread resonates with our political group in Pittsburgh. Health care in America needs reform
I need to get out of here lord im sick of this country ass Virginia
Guys, go follow because i said so thats why
(YOU'RE A BLESSINGF FROM GOD TYRESE MOST PEOPLE DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE GHETTO KIDS..THANKS GOD FOR SOMEONE LIKE YOU
It was WELL worth the wait my friend just to see you at the end !!! Thanks for coming out to #UCFArena!!
Found a poem about and dedicated to Claudius Buchanan in a 19th c. American missionary magazine.
Payton also left his Cal profile pic up for awhile after verballing to UW. I got 3/2 odds he transfers from UCLA.
Thank you! I'm following & checking out ur webpage!
You're correct, that IS the best part.
I touch and agree with u on that
Excited to be working on new advocacy project to build capacity for food policy wk tied to "food as medicine" & other progs.
I just send my email
When used very carefully, it can be quite tasty, but most places just dump the stuff on. And some ppl are totally allergic...
Thanksgiving is coming up this week. Just remember, viruses don't take holidays off. BE VIGILANT. And eat turkey.
Does crew from "60 Minutes" get to stand behind President Obama at STOCK Act signing ceremony? They at least should get a pen.
#BTW You have beautiful eyes, and your hair smells like cinnamon.
#mplsnudecpl is now hosting the chatroom for Desire 2011. Message him for an invite!
TEDGlobal 2012 Fellows Applications Opens Tomorrow!
Now the men tell their stories about supporting the women of Sunhara! #menforwomensempowerment!
To All my Twitter Friends! Happy MOMs Day to You & the MOMs in Ur Life! May U EnJOY all the Special MOMents today! {MomHug} Love Ya :)
Life is a series of occasions and to live each, would be to succeed.
Why do they have to be on a nick show. It kinda brings down their coolness<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
I always forget to do the little things
love comfort food come check out the Rancho Bernardo dishcrawl. Comfort food it is:-)
oh, go ahead and dress up! What do I know. I can't even spell it. LOL!
me either but I got hooked and saw them all wish it was still on “: parts...never interested me that much”
Difference between residential and business service from Time Warner: service tech onsite in less than 2 hours.
haha yea :)) i'de rather go to paris thought rather than NY haa :)
is cool
In the 1928 men's single sculls, the Australian champion was unexpectedly delayed by a family of ducks. After pausing to let them pass...
you had to cut up in chachos like that?...lol...thanks for ur support
Super inspired after our trip to NYC!! Look forward to our 2 new shows in 2012!
#InSchool teachers say that they're trying to help us.. but all they mean by that is ANYTHING to get us in trouble ..
Why are toothbrushes so expensive? The markup on these things has to be about 4000%.
So good
ARE NOW ALL TRUE "PAKALITES"
how's my song comin?
Ida FTW! RT Retro Mad Men Playboy Covers – The Ladies of Madison Avenue bit.ly/pRmWNh
“Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men.” Goethe
Tomorrow is Christmas eve! I can't wait!
I can't wait to see . Legit on some
Maybe that was only to enhance my own thinking so I make sure I can always explaine what I'm saying even if I dnt get it while writting it
I've got ya covered!!
Three cheers for fed. appeals court striking down Prop 8 -- and upholding human rights!
ah!! That is not the I married!!
It was so hot here earlier, now I got the windows open and it says it's 69 degrees.
my Mom is here spoiling me!
lol think I've seen him in the clubs he's on my bros list
Happy Birthday America!
The hell you say! RT : Never thought I would say this, but I am happy it isn't football season. Homework takes up all my time.
Going big in new York. Chasing Jaymeson with pickle juice. It was actually really good
shits going down then cause that puppy is mine!
this is why i dont listen to lil wayne
haha No doubt about that man. :)
When I get home I'm gonna marry the night with I'll bring sparklers.
i'm hip! we should be trendy friends together over there...
lmao , i miss you bitch !
Civil war in Oregon... Herat game so far..
Children are... by nature... hackers. (Seko)
I have hot sauce...
Today was my day off from dialysis. And jimmy spent the day with the car shop, aunt Jo, fred, and knoc. He has no respect for his wife
I could eat off this Jambalaya for a week.
Uproar as Bolivia Military Action Incurs into Brazil - Fox News
Mr 4th and Ryan need to step up baby!
My first New Year's eve was so much fun! I got to stay up way past my bed time! Happy 2012!! What do you hope to do this year?
Sure is. We need to stick together. Inspire one another. Can't ever have too much inspiration in this business.
chicken noodle soup chicken noodle soup let it rain pour it out#the craziest dances that these people come out with i use to be hitting it
knowing your friends are upset and you can't do nothing to change it, is just the worst feelings.
Don't miss Orchestra 2001's Fun(d)raiser- "Take Our Musicians Home"!!! Starting tomorrow 3/19!
Not sure but will let everyone know as soon as we find out :) RT : when does Claw open?
Thoughts after last night: Hmm I really want to marry a Columbian haha
NO my friend got me sick <U+E108><U+E40C>
WOW!!!! Clippers down by 27 points at one point... and close out the game on a 28-3 run to beat the Grizzlies.
thanks for the RT!
I'm live - let's let loose. ZenLive.tv
Give me a few days. I will comment on all.
Thank you Kate Volpe and Christina Myers.
Hey People Please Follow Me! Stand Grand. Live Life To It's Fullest.
Gettin my car washed...love the little things in life
Got the studio set up new songs comin soon stay tuned
Liriano walked three of the first four batters he faced tonight. Good grief. ....Heard it was nice weather, though.
that is right - US only
would love to. It might take a while and a lot of contact
I just had one!
CHAPC will be sending a letter of support to designate a "Little Saigon" on El Cajon Blvd from Highland to Euclid
Love it! ": How dare the Vikings steal Don Shelby's thunder.”
What a crazy day...
SUMMER BASH 2011!!!!
On Brewster streets, Just gotta keep it real and never fake G's!
5 RTs anyone? :) Tweet me first. c;
It took me longer than I would like to admit, but I finally have a nice quick Geek Fight demo. Time to test it out before the con!
The first eating 'fad' we are going to try with him is paleo and we will see how that makes him feel
agreed big time, I am in the wait and see camp, and I have a good feeling going into this year, no more antiquated scheme!
it's beautiful down here in San Ysidro. Doing the same thing!
And I just really would like to sleep.
I know what it's like to be nowhrere
did you see that dude bunny hop Cavendish at 35+ mph....bad crash but holy bike handling skills batman.
Yea those jeans just set me back a couple C notes.
If you've rebelled and turned away from what you know is true, turn back to God--He will forgive ; He waits to pardon you. // Sper
love it!!
No. I've stayed on the sidelines. These days, I'm wary of anything X-Men related coming out of Marvel.
how come isnt in any of the 'Ford Music Videos' ..?
Trust me that's more exciting than my weekend. Just got the Spurs game to watch!
Ha! "Several archivists...declined invitations to repeat history and leak the full version of the Pentagon Papers to The Times."
<U+266C> Happy Birthday Elsberry Hobbs of the Drifters "Save The Last Dance For Me" No.1 Hit among many others <U+266C>
okay guys cya tomorrow everyone night !!!!! luv u all
shut the hell up face
I can walk in my heels again yay knee injury getting better yay
wus good my g im live on ustream
To take a practice GRE in three weekends or not?
Nice. You should read the book on the same kinda night.
fuck everyone else, i need to help myself once in a while.
I lied.
we do not, but that's a great idea. do let us know if you find anyone who can do that!
To steal ideas from one person is plagiarism; to steal from many is research.
a dream is wish your heart makes
finally getting around to cutting #soundeffects I recorded in DC last fall...
that would explain his absence on the news
What you know about champagne every night !
You coming to DC?
wow videos are fucked up! haha
#railsconf keynote summation: don't be a wussy, accept change
Aw whose pretty hand is that
hey Ariana!!! How are you doing?
Forgot what it feels like to be sore after lifting.
so true, NFL draft would be awesome
It's Official.. your never going to notice me.. -_-
Im going to say this, Your twitter is the greatest account ever. It has completed my life. I love it. :)
Official Tweet from Mark A. Nash (whatever that's worth!)
maria blushes Everytime we talk about you :)
Research into top 220 NIH & NSF grant recipients shows only 38% have institutional data policies/guides.
#oomf is a cute asian dude <3
Trying to kill a fly that keeps disappearing.
U.S. Green Building Council – Illinois Chapter Emerald Awards in ...
What are y'all up 2?
Hello #SmallFrySoldiers ! How are you? Tweet me! :)
My boy gone grow up be just like me
just found an old stack of magazines hidden under the bed from about 7 years ago....interesting hiding place
couldn't agree more. I knew I loved u for a reason!
is was a pleasure to watch you in the UK Blue. Best of luck at the next level
My chicken was to hard to cut!!.lmao!!
Uh, have you seen 3d tv? It's amazingly dumb and worth it!
Im so depressed now ugh !!!!
RT : Changing nationalities for competitive Olympic reasons makes a mockery of the games. Go, temporary countryman, go!
Crap. Now THIS is what I call #MarchMadness! Loving that Duke has fallen to Lehigh (wherever the heck that is) Congrats Mountain Hawks!
Hey Twitter: I need my lawn mowed by tomorrow afternoon. Of course, I am paying. Anyone out there need some work?
If My band played a show in three points would anyone comee? O:
Being sick is seriously stupid. Hate.
Anyone interested in going to Haiti on January 21st-30th on a volunteer mission. all is covered except for airfare. let me know.
Both were thoroughly enjoyable! RT: compare & contrast- 2 fine OTHELLOS are in your midst- and
me too<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
y even reply doe Dats stupid
GUN SHOW THIS WEEKEND! SAT & SUN 12TH & 13TH ON THE NM STATE FAIRGROUNDS IN THE MANUEL LUJAN BUILDING. NEW MEXICO GUNS WILL BE THERE.
it's never too soon to leave work and head out for a beer, esp. if you have completed to do list just say you have a meeting.
How do I breathe without you here by my side...<3
dang what they say ?
love the picture!
what part of the A
Could Beltran be in Giants-town by day's end?
you still in Trenton kidd
Used the NY Times look-up tool of "moribund" & the definition ("on the verge of becoming obsolete") page has an Obama ad. Analytics fail.
crowd seems to be in agreement that every foul against okc is an event...
$S.B.S.E$ A big unity
Thanks for the follow Chris - hope all is well.
“: Kukumiss nayo, sigh... When am i coming to Boston??”- Same here. Kuja Leo. Bado mapema
Nets G Anthony Morrow scored a career-high 42 points in loss vs. Timberwolves
My gma asked my kuzzo how his weed brownies taste, & dis nigga said 'the same wit lil leaves' lmaooo
b/c my glasses && b/c ur mean to me lol
Exactly. :) Had the pleasure of seeing both bands in the same year--that was a good year.
My favorite UK dunk of all time? 's throw down on UL's Nate Anderson in Freedom Hall with the dance at the end
I'm thrilled to meet you and look forward to working with you in the future. Email me and I'll send you the in VO info.
YOU CAN SMELL JUICY FRUIT GUM FROM A MILE AWAY.
Brewers are about to come back against the Braves!
I should tell you I'm excited about playtime tomorrow. That's all.
Still going. My current distance is 3.65 miles. Current song is Inside Out - Eve 6
A monsoon is a French gentleman. (Somehow I always suspected)
what do you think now? Raise the debt ceiling and shoot for the lower right corner? BO is tweeting the game!
What up coder hows it hanging?
as good as the 4 cheese cheez it's
not if it's not too tight. They don't need like aired out lol they don't suffocate.
Okay, so some things are free, but why, oh why would you try to FIX #instagram on America's Friday night...or Indonesia's Saturday??
drunk much bro? haha remember the days when we use to kick it? I'm moving back to NoVA Saturday, let's chill sometime!
Ok y'all I'm hungry but no clue what I want to eat
Sometimes I feel hurt when im working so hard ..... And not getting heard ....GOD WILL LISTEN TO ALL UNANSWERED PRAYERS KEEPING THE FAITH
My apologies - will remove it.
RT Quench your thirst for history (& grab a bite!) City Tavern frequented by Washington, corner of 2nd St.
#nfl tonight...<U+2665>
well played
Also want to see Argo and Abraham Lincoln, Vampire Hunter. Must read the book. Have a feeling some Southerners won't like it though.
Was really hoping A-Rod would walk. Love the odds with Cano. Huge win for the Royals
Thanks for the retweet. Sad that the Gophers aren't in the dance. I hope to see you when I'm back in Columbia April 25-26
so you know how i said "boys blowing up my phone" its not true its my mom :'} just saying casue im cool like that
Children come to the school from extreme poverty and our goal is to even the playing field to set them up for success in life.
Noticed National Geographic is blocking pin activity from Pinterest - instead other sites that put up their photos benefit from the images.
Damn you're sexy mama thanx for tha follow
I think that's it for the race.
Be sure to come out to the SPCA tonight to see all if the city's best food trucks, US and Carolina BBQ 3300 Falls
thanks for your donation! Will a L shirt work? If not, can refund the amt. Forgot to add to the donation post we're outta XL
This girl on #RepoGames said the current president is Bill Clinton. Lolz I'm done ctfu that is easy af.
If you're bored this weekend, play our awesome AR game: www.cannonballzthegame.com. I promise it will entertain you for some time :-)
Will Haley be the quickest firing in history, after a AFC West Championship title?
A family is a unit composed not only of children but of men, women, an occasional animal, and the common cold. ~Ogden Nash
do it! Come on over!
we wish him the best.
Visit us today and drive home in a new Acura! Special Financing available! www.montanoacura.com
the proceeds from the raffle will go to help the Smoot family Fund. Just wanted to share that awesome news with you! Thx
Aw man.....thanks James! You took beautiful pics and made me look like I was doing something! LOL
RT : We would like to officially announce that Rock The House has won Best Entertainment and Best Technical Support......
Launch Party - April 27 6pm-8pm @ Bodega, 3116 M St NW. Drink & app specials. A portion of the proceeds benefit Avon Breast Cancer Walk.
Woo... your coming to Orlando??
Has "at this pace" guy chimed in yet for Pujols' total? “: Albert Pujols is now only 11 homeruns behind the much better...
I just left volunteering at the animal shelter
I dont like that RedHead Chick .. S
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
please stop showing Bynum's injury, it's making me sick to my stomach and im even a Lakers fan.
what do you do when someones having a seizure in the bath tub?.......throw in a load of laundry.
And you know what is a bigger challenge? Running a bilingual blog!
spiraling forward & upward into the warm loving breeze... today is wonderful
We're at some type of #FollowLimit, but don't worry those of you we haven't #FollowedBack yet we will get ya when we can
is so mean!!
DNS is not Domain Naming System (0.33), it stands for Domain Name System
RT : RT : : Dem's environmental caucus backs suit against SANDAG transportation plan...
Downtown at hooters watching the #PacersPlayoffs with and
Get your ass in the car!!! Oh and if you get red wine, I'll pay you back. Xoxo
you were the last good thing about this part of town.
Those people in your life that never change, only get older <3
RT : A3: We issue a press release posted on our website as well as one for National. We tweet out winners as we go along too.
": Pac-Man Namco's 1979 arcade game was originally called Puck Man." hihihi" lol PacMan Should be called puck Lol
Congrats to member Betty Long for her appearance on Dr. Oz today! Way to go Betty!
Well! RT : I learned as a mother that there's nothing more revolutionary than love!
“Who are you? How can you be sure? What if you’re not who you think you are? What if you never were?” - Julian Barnes via
i dont know why i care so much...
the ending still hasnt been written yet...and the previous history isnt in their favor.
I think I've misplaced 7th Avenue.
-__- well my statements still remain. Just not towards u then lol
it keeps messing up for some reason! O think its because I changed my name.
Danny Houston > Those who are not Danny Houston
Love watching Paul Peirce play. The athleticism is long gone which proves the game is 80% mental and 20% physical.
I love late night sushi
Portland hit 84 today!
um your welcome, why do you feel that way
i hate people so fucking much.
I'm pretty sure birds' goal in life in to poop on my car every single day.
Smiling. Ditto.
thanks buddy. :)
"Ask & it will be given to u, seek & u will find, knock & the door will be opened to u." So blessed by encouraging friendship!
OK. Last time I'm changing my twitter name I promise. I'm now
Texting somebody who can keep a convo >>
Make sure to say hello to fellow Northcrester at the Fattycakes Handmade booth while at today!
haha I am! And you too! :D
heading to detroit in a week! feels like 8 mile haha
i thought you loved school
Church Deacon w/3 rental homes, pocketing rent, not paying his mortgage. Homes go into foreclosure, making renters homeless. Who does that?
Don't worry about your body. You're already a beautiful person <3
thank you; I will soon!
That awkward eye contact me and Arbri keep giving each other <<<<<
A teen is som1 who can hear a lay gaga song from 3 bloks awy but cant hear there mother callin from the nxt room xD
Is anybody at the Rave watching the fight and is it crowded
Happy Birthday to our very own Kevin Campos!!
“: #TeamHoyas My Baby Got Into Georgetown Today :D” congratulations!!!!!
Diabetes battle tough for teens; arthritis, anxiety linked - USA TODAY USA TODAY Diabetes battle tough for teens; arthritis, anxiety link
You can't complain about what you tolerate
Sorry dudes but that dog looks like a monster slug.
that makes way more sense.
Drake - Fear >
it was great meeting you this weekend at ! When you're back in Chicago for a bit lets get together!
Yeah, not quite what my mom would want for Mother's Day.
look forward to hearing all about it
#CBmore over river and through the woods! Just pulling up to Thumel Center!
Be honored, you're the only FSU player I could ever tolerate kickin ass against Miami. Glad you're doing great, you deserve it
Only a month till #dhsi2012! Holy crow - so much to do!!
very sad. EMP's are our future
Crossed a giant milestone yesterday. Announcement soon - but the distance between you and pro video just got a lot shorter.
yea, I love her very much (:
I just discovered 2 new lion related accounts - and Nothing makes me happier!
NO COUNTRY FOR YOUNG WOMEN is a multimedia project striving to connect women across generations & nationalities on career topics.
Definitely, We will try to get a group together to see #bluelikejazz this April 13th. You can come with us! I am reviewing too!
hii im jaids ur storys are like the best i love them
All the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies...get your ice cream out ;) Wahoooo! <3
U GONNA TRY TO MAKE IT
RT RT I wonder who would care if I died and who would pretend to.
I`Dont Know How Im Gnna Sleep Tonight "/
Pretty blonde.
Awesome speaking with + #Inspire #SF event last night. Can't wait for the next one!
haha your sister has good taste in music!!
Thanks for your sweet tweet!! We missed you, and there were so many Reality Bites-esque costumes. So fun!!
It's official dudes, Kristen (who fell asleep while I was brushing my teeth) finished all the brookies. Sorry, :((
Watching Best Ink with Viggle 4/10 | 10PM | Oxygen Get real rewards just for watching TV.
You're in! Bring propane tanks for decapitating zombies (and grilling)
That's good. And right now I'm waiting for MRI results to see if I tore anything else other than my MCL.
Don't be pissed because I can't help you on your time table
RT Finally, respected scholar Larry The Cable Guy has his own History Channel show.if only Ke$ha could win her 1st Pulitzer
hey thanks for the follow..i have a line called HighStandard that i would love to get some feedback on
why do Europeans put euro in front of every other word?
Jus saw sum boushy chick use a napkin to fill up her gas tank -__-
We are going to have ups and downs but I'm still going to be right by your side(:
Right here. Is there anything better to do on a fall Saturday then to become part of your couch?!
made my morning!
So glad honors young women Devon Barnhart, Tessie Abraham, Elizabeth Kelsey Nevitt,& Jaclyn Zimmerman w/ 2012 Staffer of Year Award
now speaking on museum tours and the mobile web
I love #YogaGlo! :)
when I have a six pack and I'm beautiful like the rest of you guys. So. Prob never
omg me too... Not sure how many pages I'm actually handing in tomorrow. But hey at least it'll be something, right?
you should follow its very
Haha don't worry !
Looking forward to having a little fun with the Howard Gospel Choir at gospel brunch. I hear the 2 shows are sold out.
Happy almost St.Patty's day! If you are in the southdowns area tomorrow, stop by and check out the construction progress!!
"Incomplete" is an understatement.
it's gonna be a lot of work. Like night school and do that English boot camp and pass English final and pass gov't.
No way!!! #Gophers, you can't lose it now...let's go!
Thanks ---spread the word!
Cool! Love the maps, too. We followed and will repin!
Happy Thanksgiving from your friends at Fujiyama!
Celebrity Jeopardy is SO not a challenge. Sheesh....
New business coming soon !!
I love Jordan
There are people who would deal with the IRS, and have even tried, but were unsuccessful
when baby is engaged he is solid, but most of times not, he can kill us. Bass mayb wont win us games but he wont hurt us either
. says is like a Paris cafe -- you can read Sartre while simultaneously cuddling a puppy!
About to catch and at Yoshi's!
hey there- we were invited by Kevin :)
BABY BOSH PARTY: Inside Heat Star Chris Bosh ’s Wife Adrienne ’s Cutesy Baby Shower
your picture is oh so attractvie
Sometimes you just have to shake your head. And drink heavily.
lmao! That is terrible...and sort of funny in a of course Abercrombie would do that, black people don't shop there kinda way
<string of expletives deleted>: just spent $160 on ONE textbook.
#billboards2012 sounds like a blast!
Mari gt All in her videos n shit
NWQ GRIND BOLD is Nicaragua Don Zeledon
eh, it's not bad. Just gotta finish my interviews so I can finish this chapter
What a great weekend.
Tho we didn't get to hang in NYC... always #ACTIVATE s me. #FF all week, #FF all day... Cuz the queen of TNGG's comin' your way.
Get back to campus safely, ! GERMS will be back in service Tuesday night. 202-687-4357, put our number in your phone
You don't get the full benefits of exercise when you box it into 1 hour a day. Integrate it into your entire day and feel the difference!
Finally caught up on sleep. Now to catch up on everything else.
I wish someone wanted to chill.
Killed the worlds most wanted man Osama bin Laden
- Prague??? Did you get deported?
I will treasure the memories! But hopefully you'll be fine! :)
Happy birthday !
I can just see Alex and Tiger Woods getting drunk together at a hotel bar, lamenting how ugly their groupies are
Boy bye
Finally on our way!
BIG GAME thur night. Honey Badger don't give a s# about Oranges!
Ight Uk.....Lville is now on!!
“ If someone means a lot to you, tell them. People come and go, and missed opportunities turn into regrets.”
can't even spell "obviously"
thank you!
thanks for coming out! hope you got some goodies!
Agreed! I was worried I was missing something!
Indeed. RT : you are officially an idiot RT: I'm not a homophobe but this Girl Unit EP is just a little too gay for me.
Dropping out. Opening a Smoothie stand. Goodbye college.
He's in my death pool and he needs to stop staying alive.
Bout to rip my neighbors dogs vocal cords out.
Great, my stomach & throat hurts.
Were you on set with today?
oh yeah? haha. that's cool :) xx
haha she beat you up didnt she?
oh yes! What time are you free?
Take a break from the brews @ WBC (if that's even possible) and chow down on a Guinness braised bratwurst from
there really isn't an answer I can share.
You guys are the best, most creative terrarium designers of all!
lmao its marco Trust me
HAHAH omg julia u and fran are so fried...dude shes like a lobster right now.
Swiss chard frm our farm willow creek farm 4 chef's special 2nite: Chili rubbed short ribs, cheddar hash brown, black garlic butter.
Making paper balloons in class because I'm bored
hey Sarah it's Peyton idk if u member me
Konrad will still see time in midfield.
": #TeamBreezy is my Family!"
Existing home sales up 10% according to Bloomberg, Fed looks to further monetary easing Nov.3
a woman after my own heart :)
shit I bet hey are you following John kuan
checked to see if she's on twitter; alas, appears no. But she IS in my state, only a short ...er .. 4 hr drive :)
Come out tonight to Staten Island Comm. Cable and see Diverse perform Live on the Johnny P. Show! It's FREE!
fine film.
RT followed follow back ? (:
twitter champ
My bad ur jst Giants rite?
Is it illegal to mow a lawn at 7:30am? The people next door are animals.
beat down ya block knockin pictures off ya wall.
“: EST...yall do the damn thing everytime!!”
Sorry to hear this Brian! Hope it's nothing serious.
Boston Loves the show Pawn Stars!!!
My phone gets no typa love -_-
Just taught my last #pdxdms class – I've enjoyed every minute working with great people. It's been 8 amazing years!
What else would they be? I'm researching to make the best happen. Either you'll like 'em or you can push me out of your car.
Well the Munich final means even more now
being woken up by your neighbors lawn mower.
“: You have to be kidding me.”deja vu
Think I might leave a scathing voice mail for Burger King corporate telling them their new fries suck. Not okay.
Time to continue this journey around the world.
Bay Area Ranch Tour Demonstrates Importance of Private Lands Stewardship - PR Web (press release)
Hahahaha!!!! How far into it have you gotten?
Brought a jalepeno for lunch, not a good idea.
thanks for the #FF See you soon for a nice lunch and coffee. Hope you are enjoying this fine Seattle weather
Passion pain & pleasure
Happy birthday to my uncle and TRON himself !
Actors will rely on the others in the exercise, their own spontaneous emotional reactions to the exercise and responding behavior....
your welcome <3 :)
I don't know about anyone else, but 'Downton Abbey' has got me wanting to study abroad in the UK - either today or in 1913 :-)
I have had that exact same thought. If you find one, let me know.
Got munchies? Can't move? ....btownmenus.com has all your answers! Check us out for exclusive meals, deals, and more!
And actually an Aussie living in the US... even weirder!
thanks, it was a good one nighter w the fam
Thankful for my family, friends, health, education, and that I'm fortunate to have a job that I actually love. Happy turkey week people.
In The Hospital -__- been sick for 2 weeks
I like Yeslin's new stylee c:
Who wants to win a free photoshoot in this contest ?!
Just landed a free spot to see perform at the #wiredstore tonight!! anyone wanna come with?
I'm working on a white paper & my section deals with social networking. Share what you can!
gonna make my mom some nice Chicken Alfredo for dinner :)
mental health is such a beast. People spend so much time chasing behaviors & wasting $$$ & time. Do u work child/adolescent?
Finally the sun is out for once.
Here in NY unions are not supporting teachers, good or bad. But the reformers love it that we are focused on unions!
Just found my old phone and decided to charge it. Then I looked through old messages from someone, and I can't help but smile. Urgggg! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
If you don't speak....I don't speak....
RT : MN leads the nation in concentration of jobs in book publishing w/ 8x more jobs than nat'l average
I have been getting that snow for the last two days non stop and it is suppose to last for a couple days longer
Justice Hamblen of the EWHC gives judgment in AstraZeneca UK Ltd. case involving exclusive jurisdiction clause: [2010] EWHC 1028 (Comm).
Just discovered the best app in the world that block text and calls
we don't practice Fridays it's mon thru Thursday
Instead of giving myself reasons why I can't, I give myself reasons why I can.
emoticon emoticon emoticon
I want to buy Jack Wills pink hoodie !! awesome thing -_-
22C5E74F add my pin tho :x
I mean, wouldn't it be annoying if a certain heroine of mine kept uttering "holy shitballs!" on practically every other page?
I like how your "Put Your Hearts Up" mv comes on after BIGBANG or CNBlue on #WOWFantasticBaby!!
Kinda what I figured. Thanks!
Girls that brag and yell out in a conversation "I have more guy friends than girl friends" are mostly the girls with no friends.
My big sister calling my lil brother Ralph (his name is not Ralph) is hilarious...love these two!!!
Thanks for making #ChickenandWaffles our top selling dish! How about Dutch style Chicken and Waffles with #gravy—no syrup?
Pacific Beach SURF Report: 2-3 ft + knee to chest high occ. 4 ft. POOR CONDITIONS
Sweden kind of owns the D-Beat thing, right? spotify:album:09rfki4xZZqGJXGnDTPs4m
Glad to see #Bruins getting some fight in them! Theyre starting to realize the importance of these games!
I ain't comin off my last name cuz I really can't take no stressin
"Challenges are what make life interesting & Overcoming them is what makes life meaningful!" - love the Golden Girls
Trey and I are back in the studio today making the bass and guitars all sexy. Can't wait to see you guys at Rocklahoma! -J
i just beasted my way out of a parking spot, no shovel necessary just get the hell out the way.
Outstanding job. So happy for your well deserved 1st star tonight. Panther fans love !!! Congratulations.
trying to decipher government acronym DCD
Want to see "The Making of" 'Circa MXII' & 'Wake Up'. I know a magician never reveals his tricks...but...
Melanie Amora won X Factor!!!
**Regular dudes w/office jobs made this site for group fitness challenges. Invite friends, log workouts, maintain standings here!
Single > Unhappy relationship.
Who's thinking dinner at Zarletti?
I'll take it
Noah never had a rainbow until he had the rain
Tasting the '07 "The Swagger" from Darby in Woodinville, WA. Very underrated wine area $ Darby is one of the best. Will be serving Saturday.
Happy madre's day! I love her so much. <3
you just need to grow up and be a big girl about the whole thing
;) hope see u soon
How do you expect a girl to play her part, when you’ve got another chick auditioning for her role? SMH
- if you don't find anything in Lawrence (yeah, right!), the LSR crew is meeting at Davey's Uptown Sat for Hearts of Darkness.
#46 Bro, God doesn't send you to a church to fill a position, He sends you to a church for a purpose, find your purpose!
They didn't want me...something about being "too liberal" for them... ;)
Grendell sets a hearing date for 330 pm tomorrow to hear media arguments over releasing court docs related to Lane's family.
Why the fuk would u want tht on facebook , u dusty dawg
YES RT : Pay my colleagues, pay me, pay us for our work! This is a form of violence; we will fight! ...
Stay here with me till the world catches up
Totally played outside today. Just like a kid. Climbed a hill. Picked dandelions. Chased butterflies. Saw a long SNAKE in the field. Cool!
The thing is, they always try to play it off and act like nothing is going on. Stupid. 2 can play that game.
i got two tixs but how u get VIP, my mom went on at 10am and didnt have VIP as an option?
You help me find my way back to the ground You are my eyes when i cant see When all the world is broken youll be everything good
HEY MICKEY!
very kind now will you pretend you hate us and treat us like fucking dirty please? #we'repussies
me! ": Im still lookin for a twitter wife....Anybody?"
thanks! Funny to see myself on YouTube.
thanks for the #ff John! hope the last weekend is full of twists and turns just as the season has been..have a great weekend bud!
Ugh too much crap to do today
Check out Nana Projects in Baltimore. They sometimes have classes and are SO aligned with community arts practice
since isnt texting me back... you tell me. when are you gonna be back? im leaving soon with
While Oregon State and University of Arizona play on the field, Benny Beaver and Wilbur T. Wildcat compete in the Challenge!
oh :/ I didn't knew that >.< and well don't worry I'll meet new people in your town just to take you out to a party :D lol
Damn he had to walk from Ritz to Godby <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> I feel so sad for him
my house ima text you the info and yeah it's coming up lol...
Well, at least he has those three MVP awards to keep him company until he gets one.lol
No, I am a lot younger than Michele. But she looks great, so that's all Im gonna say... LOL
WATCH OUT FOR THE NEW MIXTAPE...THE MOVEMENT..COMING OUT SOON!!!
u know what I meant by that.. No te hagas
please add a seattle tour! #Bring1DtoSeattle 46
i would love one thousand tacos. i'm a big fan.
| Happy Friday! Here's 2 personal, on-demand, custom communications.
Girls Aint Perfect ' Perfect Girls Aint Real . . . <U+2665>
Twitter: djdmannyc Click the follow button ;-)
congrats man, the service sounds really exciting
What fitness achievement that you’ve accomplished are you most proud of?
#nw The Devil Wears Prada And......I Don't Get It. So Ol Girl Doesn't Like Money, That Doesn't Make Any Sense.
this show is trying to kill me
m'kay
Following my last tweet, thinking about the future is good, but don't let worrying about the future stop you from living in the now.
justin you'll never follow me i see
#THINKBLUE “: Super performance by Kershaw to lead to victory. homers again & Ethier hot hitting.”
Any reason, that is.
Jim Calhoun: Will He Stay or Will He Go?
Mosquitos won't bite him, purely out of respect
we are having a great year.
Oh yeah, I know. -_- Im used to it, to be honest.
Just won 2 tickets to see !!! Cannot be more stoked right now.
You too. I miss you.
Emma is one of my heroines of history. She inspired me to be the fearless OFCCP/ADAAA consultant I am. Emma & Mother Teresa. :)
Sharing the stage with and this Saturday at the sold out Irving Plaza show in NYC. Are you coming out?
Banquet at Mancini's tonight. Mauve carpets; red booths; Manhattans on the rocks, not up; iceberg lettuce salads; rare filets.
The real art of conversation is not only to say the righ thing at the righ time but also to leave unsaid the wrong thing at the temptin time
.: don't think you're going to present a bill to Congress and just get it passed. [this will be over many sessions]
so good!
Gottfried is a dukes-bag
“ God keeps blessing me! & I feel more blessings coming my way! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>”
Why is it when someone is in a pissy mood im the target in which they decide they will take it out on :/ FML
April. 22. Pray for peace at Sta. Elizabeth parish. Fruitvale, Oakland. 1:15pm. Honoring those who died as result of violence in Oakland.
Reverse jinx failed. Sorta. RBI single for Albert. U are killing me Lowe. Man up and get the DP.
I wish I was more responsible with my chapstick.
WOW!! Lol... Thats actually kinda funny
How many lottery scratch-its do I have to scratch to win $10,000?
1) how many ppl have had gen tests? gen test is precondition of gen discrim. 2) is "only case studies" supposed to mean "no big deal"?
with all of us in there they will lol
After a brief respite as the temps dropped, the snow is falling heavy again!
Dont lie to me. Its pointless because either I find out from someone or you do something stupid to prove you lied.
I loaf you lol where are you in the story?
I cannot sign into the updated app on my Mac. What's going on? It works on iPhone, iPad and web version.
Hi Don't forget to use the hashtag #21CRadio to join the chat!
Was a little surprised this guy got mad at me because I don't date divorcee's. Its just a preference - nothing against it or anything o_O
Thanks for coming out to see us! Bring with you next time!
We'll have their info day-of! Watch for it! RT Will u be tweeting presnter info during the conf?
Damn. That's like my uniform... Ha!
Judge taking arguments without any evidence at this point. Considering her motion for the city to dismiss.
It's been so cold here today it didn't get over 20
Sorry you misinterpreted my brilliant joke as horribly offensive.
If I was on the west coast I'd be watching Glee right now.
Join us for art wine & music tonight. 6-9 It is First Thursday! What a beautiful night it will be in Portland to go gallery hopping!!!
michie's mad at me cuz im scummy tryna watch passenger 57, scummy
": In some instances, #Scorpios can become obsessive. They do not like to take "no" for an answer."
lol. Me too.
Good thing you cut your hair a month ago or it would of been really crazy.
Thanks,do it if you can!
Just minutes away from the final event in the decathlon.
Doug picked the Ags to pull the upset
"One Man's porn is another Man's porn."
"Always work hard on something uncomfortably exciting." - Larry Page
Absolutely nothing, I'm totally Fiesta-ed out! :)
Hey Mike, trying to make big decision. Need 2 know if there is any doc out on 'at' tags right now. Please advise. Thx!
"You can't hear opportunity knocking if you have your head up your ass" -- j s gilbert
If I sound strange over the next 2 months its because I'm working a Texas accent for a show. Its in progress but will be flawless by opening
This is great!
have fun seeing your niece!! :))
Quote time: "A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person." - Mignon McLaughlin Night!
Yes, the studio has overbooked this screening.
and maryland-gop-field-accuses-each-other-of-dirty-tricks-in-bartlett-race
Were Frenchie, the pull-toy dog, and Fred, the Maneki Neko, properly supervised when they attended the sleepover with the Marathon Two?
Locally and globally - that's a challenge I'm up for any day!
Met a fellow Spartan at Starbucks....we r all over Chicago!
Responded to VACATE @ 400 Ocean Ave, Brooklyn, NY 11226 and helped 1 Resident. Red Cross auto update.
Haha! I had the same reaction. But the festival always has a way of making ANYTHING extremely interesting! See you there!
I have the coolest, most rad UX job around, & I'm looking for cutting edge UX guru's who wanna do COOL GIS stuff! Tweet me!
love this shot.lol & When in New York City we have a place for you.
Tuesday nights at Squashed Grapes Ventura Ca. I'm guest of It's becoming jazz vocal night!!!
Thanks to everyone who's come on board! We are so excited about our next show! Stella's Starlight is going to be great! See you there!
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
You always lookin' good girl!!!
When you are grocery shopping at this week, don't forget to buy your coupon balloons! Great savings for a great cause!
Any neo-soul or good singers out there
but Itunes is free.... ?
Facts in History ur Teachers didn't teach: Double-talk came as direct result of bullying. To be clear, it came in all sizes, colors. & eras.
1/2 NL holdem. HU. Player bets, I announce raise, player says call before I say how much. I say ALLIN. Is he required to call ?
Writing Recovery Act grant & in full deadline mode. Rolled from desk to bed last night, and bed to desk this morning. Little in between.
I completely jealous that you have all the lunch trucks dt. But, we got HoosierFatDaddies at Park 100 today!
I miss bedtime stories
thoughts on the elections?
maybe? I've never made a smores pie, not sure what goes into it. I think any mon-runny filling can be done!
I'm offended by mayonaise on a sub, but primarily if they're trying to put it on mine.
Where is this information from?
Time to take my lil lady to the movies #TheLorax it is!
I am grateful to be a blessed child of God... Good Friday indeed.
Could anyone recommend some readings/blogs/articles on gender-neutral housing/restrooms on college campuses in relation to trans* folks?
I was so excited until I got to the part about the limited availability. New Yorkers have all the fun! :)
Phoenix Cardinals pick ?
Thank you Juan! I'm glad! Keep spreading the word down in the #954!
Basically RT : Instagram is twitter without having to worry about a writing shit lol
WOW! I can't believe all the follwers thank you so much! Yall are amazing.
Ke$ha's new song sucks.
runner's knee is a bit annoying. oh well.
i woke up this morning thinking "today is the day"... for + the #brewbash at the #pritzlaff. cannot wait!
Don't miss our keynote speaker M.T. Anderson - he's on in 15 minutes!
yes of course
I seriously doubt that. Money doesn't fix nefariousness. Which isn't to say that the stipends shouldn't happen.
Head out to TEMPTATION TUESDAY @ BlueMoon next Tuesday! I'll be spinning some massive beats u won't wanna miss! Check my FB 4 drinkspecials
I feel resolved.
God works in mysterious ways
Lmao "she was skating"
I am so ready for the Belive tour
#stm2012 Mendeley has 225 million uploaded documents with user-generated tags & related research feature
I'm getting nervous that the #GenX session is going to end with everyone holding hands and singing Kumbaya
#bandsinstudio #music news - whos in the studio currently? we want to know! let us know and we will report!
Multiple video conferencing allows many people who are situated in many place anywhere in the world can come online and discuss any matter.
I've probably been followed by at least six freshman from my school in the last week. It's funny cause they're the ones with 20 followers.
I probably have like ten followers. Lol.
I love when my mom makes up words when she sings happy birthday to me haha
Nap time
I am my own boss. And I don't work from home.
that'd be the funniest board ever
Jus went riding go karts super fun! :D
Just a few more followers to get to 1,000 !! ReTweet so others can follow the best 'Q in San Francisco !! Thanks
Attachment parenting...sorry but I can't!! I refuse to have a 4 year old feeding off these ta-ta's!!! Say whatcha wanna!
It's fiesta time!
Lmao « MIDDLE FINGER to this DM --->> "U look sexy how old u is."»
#ThingsThatFrustrateMe people who think being gay or bisexual is the worst thing on earth when it really isn't.
and back to packing. damn this 50 pound limit on checked luggage!
Not really, I usually copy/paste the tweet, fix the mistakes, delete the original and replace it with the improved version.
BREAKING... Washington Wizards considering name change to "Beltway Bricklayers"
Spoken like a true folklorist. MT Among the issues in Apple/Daisey mess are crucial genre ?s.
is he really?
were doing the same thing you are lol
Dentists can help ID patients who are prediabetic say researchers at Columbia University (J of Dental Res, 4-29-11). Stay healthy Get CloSYS
11/15 #dailythanks: going out, but being more excited to come home for dinner
In response to a less than satisfactory reaction to I <3 GT Week so far, we have drained the campanile fountain. Consider this a warning.
I don't think I've seen any others on here (on my follower list anyway).
Sunday would work better, but I might be able to make Saturday work. Can you do any later than 11?
cultural anthropology
“: #TheThingIs, she's my best friend. And if you fuck her over, you've signed your own death wish.”
Glad you're on the follow Miss "free to be"!
Fascinating video. Thanks for sharing Matthew
Thanks for the link. I'm getting acclimated to learning to be as #gluten-free as possible-#bread, #pasta addict.
- I also agree with you on and +
is on her way cannot wait!!!
joins the Cast of "BURDENS TO BARE" upcoming feature film in the role of JIMMY JR. More info coming soon!
Didn't know you were going! To see family? Still imaginary-planning theoretical Third Trip to England. (And France. And...Morocco?)
Sometimes I put my hand over my heart, jus' to make sure it's still there...
I really hate the color orange.
or you could be doing the dougie ;)
hey, have you checked out our new music? Our EP is free to download on our page! :))
I like how you're trying to be me friend.
I know it's cliche, but I got the Pad Thai and I'm happy to say that it was quite satisfying. Ah, hit the spot!
Back in black!
This man walked into Ralph Lauren and asked for the U.S Polo Assn. section Lmao
Now open at Harbor East in the Legg Mason Tower. Open Tuesday to Saturday, 11 am to 7 pm and Sunday, 12 to 5.
they are from oregon!! it's the portland scale blazers!!! forget the new directions, that's my favorite show choir
Jeeves and Wooster looks interesting will check it.
no deal
RT out SIBLING ABUSE SURVIVOR "My brother convinced me to jump off a roof. I did and broke my arm."
the poo doesnt show up :( he may have poo in his name and he may be brown but HE DOESNT STINK! haha
Coming soon: BIG $$$$$ FRIEND TIME!!
Q. Why are hurricanes named after women? A. They're wet and wild when they come and take your house when they leave
Hugo is the gimp.
Thanks for your help!
you need a good high-def cam. and image stabilization. Subject needs to have microphone-pin. It's all in the post-production.
its such a long season, when you play baseball. shit playoff teams lose 70 games. people are idiots
Hope you had fun at your first card night last night!
FOLLOW ME. I follow back if you ask!! ;)
Happy Mother's Day to all the amazing moms out there including my very own! Love you!
Don't forget to let us know where you're watching the #Brewer game in #Madison. We want to bring Brewers fans together to watch the games!
Shout to for following now!
our infrastructure partner is having issues w/ server outages..new signups & plan builds may fail. Should be clear by the weekend!
He said that I am a curious person. Is that good or is that bad?
- rumor has it that is pretty cool. We should check it out b/f you skip town!
Great TV audition today with Jane Doe Casting.
Oh no, the old skool down 30 start a fight move.
hope u do show out !!! make sure u dont come back with anything
No Nigga! Im still Eating.
Kelsey will be interviewing The Rocket Summer tomorrow any questions?!
199 users! Special bonus if a twitter follower becomes #200!
Depends on who you ask.
I'm at B'More City Hall.. Council's Taxation, Finance and Economic Development Committee is talking about massive problems with water bills
great video with Gov. Christie!!
RT RT : When it rain in jax it rain all day/night ~ in lil spurts that last like 15-20 mins a piece<~lol yep
Can't wait to go out tonight.
Motivation to write papers none...
“I don’t fear the man who practiced 10,000 kicks one time. I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times” – Bruce Lee
I hate being
be careful
I'm looking forward to interview this week with , which recently announced sponsorship for
It's right after 's fab editors Jen and Steph give their #Muse2012 hour of power session...perfect timing!
Lolz RT "why are you talking like your black?" "cuz I talked to a black guy today"-my brother
it's my only son, so I can't help it
Oh, new ipod touch arrived!
I gave you an honest suggestion ;)
Your welcome :) glad to see other people on here supporting Alona or her PLL character <3
Wait...it's back up! Watching your momma. PTL
you're a hater hater. oh my god it never ends. Oh wait, now I'm a cricket.
Who wants to go to the Ducks' Spring game this weekend?
~ might I just Say F**K you mister Fitzgerald and Mister Walker.
U didnt have 2 tweet it, u jerk, lol
2011 Commencement DVDs are now available to be picked up at the box office. If you have not put in an order you still can!
Note to parents: don't take your child to a restaurant in tap shoes.
we will raise awareness of this important initiative
That's kewl
wahh. Wish I could drive to taco bell and just buy onee
Bet the bf isn't too happy! RT : #breaking: NASCAR postpones The Daytona 500 for 1st time in 54 yrs due to rain.
At church kind boring.
Some people make the world special just by being in it! Blessed are those who can Take without forgetting and give without remembering
get better soon<3
hooray, congrats!
Hey he asked for my number what do I do!!!
i look at the worldwide trends to see if anything good is trending. the first thing i see is "Sex Position". LOL(;
OH MY GOSH. SNOOKI COLFER. I CANT.
i love him cause he is very talented and a great inspiration and he loves all his fans and shows it
When I teared up when played Party Girl back in february. Ahh good times. :)
Someone told me they spent their weekend with a $4 Rush/Jammit track and said it was the cheapest weekend's entertainment he'd ever had. :)
All this inDesign and projects makes me crave #pizzashuttle I think before I go home I will indulge muhahaha
On thr way to the gym...sun is shining...so far a perfect sunday!
I'm game!
JIST'S new website has launched! Check it out, sign up for our e-mails, and view dozens of special offers at www.jist.com!
congratulations! Today is an amazing day and I am sure you are over the moon with joy Way to manifest your goals into reality
Do you ever train people with former eating disorders like anorexia?
Well, you'll just have to visit Milwaukee sometime and check them out for yourself!
My favs are paste and join. Great for making a "database" in one line.
When did you buy your first family #Piano?
"Reading is the magic key to take you were [sic] you want to be!" Anna, 1st grader
I grew up in rural Oregon... A worn Copenhagen ring in your back pocket of Levi 501's... Now that was cool!
lol have fun in it!
"You can make wild ducks tame, but you can never make tame ducks wild again." -- Thomas Watson, Jr., founder of IBM
Hey -- why the f*&k doesn't Google Docs work in Chrome? Riddle me this!!
Let me see that booty bounce!!!!
#ThingsIThinkAboutWhileTextingYou *heart beats faster* why arent you here?!
nick (fatass); samm (horse c***) ; logan (B****)their nicknames
yes nets have the $ but sure he dont wanna stick around and be out the playoffs for 5 more years.
No where's he sitting!!!
All the foreign language teachers are debating the relationship between translation, cultural context and literal meaning. Yay!
Did you like the Hunger Games?
As of this morning 70% of final grades have been submitted. A final reminder is being sent to instructors shortly.
oh Rich, it's not, but a ruination is. Cheers!
by the smell of the kitchen... there will be beautiful dinner tonight #hungry :b
A huge, colassal, messy one.
Loving all the cheap free swag at #ncsl. My fav are the state geological map postcards. But I'm a nerd.
Wish I had a kettle in my room though
I'm up to 18 followers! Woohoo!
i say tomorrow we do it lmfao jk
SAD!!!! Don't talk about my kitteh boyfriend that way :(
I wanna get fancied up sometime soon. It's been TOO long. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008E><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0080>
So we will have to see if any of you ghosts and goblins can spot me tomorrow evening... Happy Halloween in any case...
Jesus, Nicki Minaj is such an awful hot mess.
Don't want to rush things but I like him <U+E32C>
there are programs for that.
Mad, grumpy, disappointed. I'm going to bed.
can you remove a person from a group shot and make it look good?
thing has to be a pain to lug around.
Old people say the darnedest things!
MY MAMA THOUGHT SHE HAD A TUMOR BUT THE ULTRASOUND SHOWED IT WAS ME
we balled dude!
I try to keep n touch with my exs cuz before we were a couple we were friends so y throw away a great friendship
I love my mother so much
are you about planning out your future or are you about living in the moment??
and if you feel that way, go on and kiss your baby! (L)
Bouncing at Birds tonight...yea i said Bouncing.
Amazing interview with John Lithgow on Chris did a really good job holding back and letting John tell his story.
I can't read another tweet, rest in peace #WhitneyHouston I'll sing I Love The Lord in my shows..I love you!!
INDEED>>RT : For those of you who want to waste a few minutes, here's Amber Rose' new single! "Fame" bit.ly/zTZAXv
what's your favorite food?? #626:)
"Could be a crackhead, got hold of the wrong stuff."
Can't wait to sleep in tomorrow morning.
The answer is yes! Kind of like Chicago but not as mean spirited. Could be 75, could be 45. Kind of like your SF in the summer : )
- thanks 4 the follow! I'm a huge JITM fan!! xo, Otter
Omg:( Hope you feel better soon... Drink lots of water & soup:) Today's been really good, tired but happy:)
I want see The Avengers, but Chicago movie ticket prices are <<<<
Work is over. Time to hang out with the huas.
thx for the link!!
Saw and a host of amazing comedians tonite w/ Off the Chain Productions!! Just showing luv! Follow #dope!
yes can't wait.Mona will be all gloomy after breakin up with u :(
i am for real. follow me back.
No, just me ;). I need my space
same man! How have you been? Was in LA for a couple days recently and thought about hitting you up. Seattle soon?
so the Mic I want is a shure super 55. brand new is 300. But tommy found it on eBay for 170 in "new condition" What would u do
Yes you should ;-)
"maior amiga" sorry for not go with you practice this awesome sport judo, but i've test . anyway spain is still waiting us :D
Lol I think swim lessons would be fun- but would I be the only adult with a bunch of kiddies?
I've watched the South Park song about San Diego five times for journalistic purposes and now can't get it out of my head. Catchy tune.
I love a sweet revolution!! That is why I love (Miss Cupcake)!
is a lovely hostess. She offers her home to you and makes you delicious pancakes
my brother grew out of asthma. It will be ok!
These #Mets just battle
Neybor is about automated real estate marketing. Slideshows, property web site,syndication,stats, agent/owner collaboration, etc.
It's been ah min oml
#thingswomenshouldstopdoing Resisting the coal miner's stink pickle! That's how I got a former Ms. West Virginia as my wife! Ol Floppy '11!
are you for real? You actually can sit through that show?
I hate not being able to tweet something that's on my mind in knowing someone's gonna see it -_-
About to hang with my girl ! So excited
Yup in the middle of the night starving, going for some kebab! :)
THE COUNCIL tonight! Bring the person you want to marry. It's cool now.
Brew Crew Or Die
Are dvds still around? ;)
I just might have access to a batmobile this summer. Impressed yet?
Who would break into a church and steal $20,000 worth of presents for foster children? Smfh... This world is beyond screwed up.
We are under 36hrs away from taping Ep3 of UpLate at tomorrow night! Join us in of ClevHts. TKTS FREE
is the real or spam
Tonight CKY with Black Cowgirl, Chuck Shaffer Picture Show and Synthetic Nightmare, Doors @ 7:00pm
Damn about that sleep I just got >>>>>>
#WeWontWorkOut if you don't know how to treat a lady
very funny! omg!
Preparing for interviews is less stressful these days. It's all about timing, fit and a little bit of luck of course!
My name is Daly. I'm an -aholic.
#3WordsOfAdvice Hear No Evil
omg yes Thats the worst part, I had mine last week not cool, having to hold it
Thanks Bro...
RT : Assume Sweat's decision is based on concussion history. Smart kid. Has already been accepted to a number of law programs.
Today would be a great day for you to make me the 19th person you follow!
A good reminder. I've been thinking about mission statements a lot lately. I think they need more frequent review.
Once again weather sucks!
they were epic the day he signed, can't wait until Romo starts to struggle this year
credit should go to Robinson not deboer
Weird: You can run HTTP servers on 0.0.0.0 and 127.0.0.1 off the same port. Sometimes one answers, sometimes the other.
Okay. There were way too many disturbing torture scenes in this week's Game of Thrones.
no. I'm not happy with american idol right now. :(
if you find one, let me know if he has a friend :P lol
I never get tired of listening to oldies, type of shit that will always stick with me.
"Our trio's down to two" Just watched The Lion King yesterday. Hadn't seen it in so long. So good!!!
lol that like what we do in shop. But instead its inside are work mobile . Lol
I love you too gorgeous<3
right... are these the books by the guy who's done nothing but write about Jackson his whole career?
I got u boss....well kick it tomorrow!
Hey! IMU Nig! And Thanks For That Shirt :)
best problem to have
acquired 's twitter password
Agreed, & don't think he's a perfect model of activism, but his work goes well beyond PR. At least he's doing something.
You keep calling them fake but you keep on being their friend, so what does that make you?
Gonna miss the shit out of monaco and moresco :(
oh yeah! Let's Skype!!
makes me sad, but id rather it be cold than hot
What a weird day. And it's only gonna get weirder.
Gambling debts forced me to sell my computer. It's been fun knowing everyone past 24 hours. Going back to life on the run.. out.
what is lying about.
awww that used to be my show!!!!wyd up still wAtching it???go to bed!!!
Man the shit that go on in my head I'm surprised I ain't spazz yet
- thank you for keeping us informed and entertained all day long!
Just saw a Portlandia reference. I need more of that show, like now.
Thanks for the shout-out on my latest piece, Tariq. I appreciate it. I hope you are well.
I'm 2 for 4 so far in the $750k late pick 4. Need the last 2 races to be 4 1 and I'm $$
Thanks for following! Good to know a real estate expert down under!
#ndpl what is the benefit for users, for libraries, for the nation?
no no boo I'm a rising star and you a never was star lmao you a wanna be!!
Its a lawsuit about the NFL covering up what they knew about concussions
Three Wines of #Serbia tastings in #Chicago this week with the owner and winemaker Mr. #Aleksandrovic!
Ty Lawson is so fast
#wtf. 87 F in middle GA, march 18! Sunny and nice but what happened to spring?!
yea they always seem to K a lot against him, I think he had one game last yr or 2 yrs ago where he went nuts
Voiting against amendment one will harm more children and their future...vote YES!
u not bout to defend man kind in my mentions... people aint shit... thats my story and im stickin to it
Year 2011:"Baby you light up my world like nobody else." Year 1836:"Infant, thee enliven thy globe like no other."
You got it! Private msg me at
So many unfollowers D:
Tough bug bounty programs exclude amateurs
Taz got me cracking up
with my new airtel broadband, I can finally stream those grooveshark tunes!
Yoooooo everyone go follow my twitter bff She is thee coolest! She's actually too cool 8) I just can't take it. Ahah :D<U+2665>
Twitter just sent me an email that people have tweets for me? What. The. Fuck. Did I miss a memo ?
Just saw a darksiders 2 trailer on tv.... Cant wait!
Why can't I talk to a person and just be friends with them? >.> I don't even want a relationship right now.
I drive a cab. A wristband would be a conversation starter. Amazing what you learn about people once conversion is started.
and I are going to be a hit songwriting couple in the very near future!
Dreamt that & I met on Microsoft campus. We had lunch in the employee cafeteria.
#ImagineAustin gives u a necklace. It was his white necklace. A: I promised myself to give it to someone I'll be with forever! Y: I love it!
The logic of u'r statement is ... sorry, can't think of a statement which could highlight u'r stupidity in a simple enuf form
Time to work out! On the elliptical or as I call it Weapon of Ass Reduction!!
Treat me like a king that I am, guarantee I will treat you like the queen you are
lol yea I know. Okay:) I'll text you :D
Music between acts at outdoor concert keeps getting interrupted by a *ping* because the iPhone they're playing from keeps receiving texts.
I choose to pick it up (PO is close by) but... I just got mine today and there were only three items. Wondering if some got lost.
u do hve gorgeous eyes I showed ur pic to my Sis and she was amazed!!! Lol
You're welcome! I'm glad you received it. That's great—David Pascoe's books are right next to yours, on my shelf!
He who has never learned to obey cannot be a good commander. –Aristotle
SUP dude? I know a boy genyus beat is not in my near future... Lol!! I heard u got a good placement this time...
LAKERS WIN!! [88 - 87] OT HELL YEAH! MY BOYS MADE ME PROUD! LAKERS LAKERS LAKERS :D I can finally relax my vocal chords. WOO! #TeamLakers!
why yo butt hurt?
I can build you pr10, 9's and less links to your site hugh help, but the question is how old is your site (yrs)
is awesome.
Follow me at Chris Lukens. All services under one name.
the huskies should have at least tied- we hit the fricken pipe. #fml i hate gopher fans; they are so stupid!
the overlap is where the fun is :)
This Week
Thanks for the #FF. Have a great weekend!
Looks like gas prices are dropping. Thanks, Obama.
About to curl up in bed and read The Happiness Project. So far it's a bit too self-helpy for my taste, but we'll see.
How do u get up from an all time low
yes, but usually its the DJ's knee caps, when he won't take requests
"Gotta make the song cry"
I'll be running late tomorrow but Thursday I'm there from 10-12.
just added a new follower. How you handled this and didn't duck and run, its refreshing. You trolled ESPN for a paycheck.
i love skeeball!
If you wanna book Madbeast for a show, were looking! Hit up us up on here with a DM, or .
Or lemon.heads
Ready to get this training over with
smh I hate that with a passion lol
Amazing - and unsettling - how quickly new technology changes our lives. And that curve is getting steeper and steeper...
Stay up and watch Drew Hastings on Leno! “: I'm about 20 seconds away from taking a nap on the floor.
haha. Well I'm not going to school today!
I want a one direction doll and a Cody Simpson doll
Its a #SouthernPlayalistiCadillacMuzik kinda day....
Jennifer, dm me & I'll send you a galley of molly's book. Ta Rust me, u will love!
I cant tell from peacock and teal. They both look so similar. Ugh.
your not on there anymore?
that's what happens if you keep looking around instead of focusing on what's in front ;)
PLEASE SHARE: The Chamber Luncheon has been CANCELLED for tomorrow! :-(
Way too early for me to go. I can't make it before 6:30 PM.
“: Y'all gonna watch The Voice and Smash tonight?” guilty pleasure
bye!!! we will see ya'll in L.A. LOL
i remember march 9th... I was walking up to random people tables in applebee's asking them if they were Directioners&from the NYC group.
know i was thinking about it, but saw that a librarian was doing it.
Haven't been able to get in touch with my mom yet today...she sailed on a pirate ship today and had a cannonball fight with another boat
MT : Who in #ICT4D is on Google Plus? We are making a list! bit.ly/q3YcxH Follow link & leave a comment to be added...
hey. How u been sir?
Just a reminder, the OEP online store is temporarily down as we convert to a new and improved system! We appreciate your patience!
what was the name of that anime series you were telling me about today?
I am sure that it will not surprise you that I am not watching it, but let me know if you figure out how to record.
RT Try to identify the ideas being discussed rather than trying to focus on and understand every word
I know right! I'm excited to see how it turns out :)
Dodgers up (:
Having to write a proposal in Word, without images, is surprisingly freeing. There's no doubt that the words actually matter!
Guy's I love Harry, Zayn, Liam, Louis, and Niall!! (and not in that particular order) I love One Direction.
Happy Burger Wednesday!!! Try the new Jalapeno Jam burger for a little 'kick'!
Healthy breakfast suggestions.....
Playing in Rosenberg at the shed on Saturday! A lot of awesome bands are gna be there.
Table next to us is smoking a joint in Broadripple Buffalo Wild Wings. Kids at multiple tables around them.
i think he's in the island right now for z100
oh no! Bummer, but good run!
Jazz making a push at the end
OK, book manuscript, I came to get down.
I hate that feeling when you know your in trouble but you don't wanna face it.
Too many questions, not enough answers...
Went To Court For My Liver, They Hit Me With Murder!
im in love with the "wake up call"cover by alex pelzer
I am so honored and lucky to have such wonderful creative collaborators! You all make my heart sing!
Just trying to stay focus! Staying in touch with those that
: unless of course there are also coyotes commuting to work
The highest endeavor of the ind, and the highest virtue, it to understand things by intuition
i told her that n she said there is nothing worth living for after being bullied n hurt by bullys
I would take over and DJ at this party lol
love seeing players hugging their kiddos on field!
Guys, just because I dress slutty doesn't mean I am slutty.
in jacksonville. maybe.
Watch NBC 15 News at 10 where we will have a story on the Demolition Derby that took place in Lodi last Friday.
its legit and just like limewire
well you do that's because we have #bigmouthswag !!! Lolol
This week is flying by, which means the weekend will be here before we know it! Don't forget about our Free Coffee Friday! 6am-10:30 am
and outta all the colors that'll fill up the skies, you got green on your mind I can see it in your eyes.
Did you know EVERY dress on the racks this year are BRAND NEW from David's Prom/David's Bridal?! We are so grateful!
All at once, everything is different now that I see you. -Tangled
Tea parties cause Titanic to sink. When will the violence end?
Week 2: vs. Connecticut. Saturday April 21 - Franklin Field 8:00pm. Ask me about a discount code!
People are starting to look like animals..
I got hit in the nuts today. Not a good feeling.
Wow...what a sad, angry man you are! Yes, our President will be reelected and, with any luck, Arpaio will be indicted.
RT I think I want to go to Long Horn >if u paying let's go lmao
why cant I be normal
I'd have sex with
Blake griffin matched up against Gasol.
computer reservation.
yo Devin Im gona be at the show tomorrow and im filming my audition for the pit reporter wondering if you would be in it!
lolol I'm getting my permit in september . lololol xD are you comming to florida anytime soon ?
Fresh Up Out That Water
Thank you doll! Miss you. Hope you're doing well
I just learned that tonight. //“: i love smithwicks (pronounced smitticks, learned that in ireland)”
Spirits and Spirit, Tastes and Taste, Styles and Style, Beets and Beat; Come see what I mean !
Thanks for the offer, and thanks for your blog...it is a great resource!
. Highest praise! I am honored, oh queen ;)
s/o to my new follower I'm rocking with you baby
Thanks for the #FF! Have a great weekend!
During interviews many husbands insisted on staying in interviews w/vet wives- were confused interview wasnt about them
The #Nats are like 162 little heart attacks. And I hope maybe a few more.
I guess at some point you start to run out of team names ...
Came to work to find decorations everywhere & all the items on my desk wrapped. Thanks for my amazing bday gift! I love !
#Jaguars trade up to get Blackmon, but what good is that when you don't have a QB?
If you can even call that dancing!
Preakness Party tomorrow night can't wait!!!
Hmm hackysacks got banned from our school? Whats so bad? You dont like seeing boys kick around balls? Is that your reason?
Hey good seeing you again! I'm looking forward to connecting with you and the
how do u think u did on the test and what did u make on the notebook check?
Netflix night.
no no skype for me..
We didn't make the top 25, but Portland is listed as one of "Five More U.S. Cities Making Strides for Walkers". What do you think?...
When there is no enemy within, the enemies outside cannot hurt you. ~African Proverb
cool. Sometimes I shied away from following folks that have a lot of tweets because I thought they were just bots
already follow
Tonight: Shooting photos of The Naked and Famous. The show better meet at least one of those criteria. Preferably both.
What if the big #Jelena secret is & #getmarried!! AH! that would be CRAZAYYYY
I can't wait to move back to orange county in january!
yah I'm on my way there right now and thank you Gona do my best reppin beantown
I'm sending him a four page letter..
Amen RT : Happy for the #NHLDucks tearing it up in IIHF but bitter that it's the IIHF and not the WCF......
Y'all Gon Help Me Find Some? Must Be Legal, Clean, Good Hair, And Not A Cancer. Under 46.
YOU SPAM EVERYONE. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
You better finish your dream team. I got a 95 in her class now, I had an 89
One advantage of being #madisonsmc member you can also be a National SMC member - Resonable fees and helps the local group
I'M HIRING IN CANADA! Dist Sales Mngr in Vancouver (Shoe/Outlet exp) and PT Retail Coord in Calgary. Send me your resume:
congrats on graduating (again) btw
I Fight Dragons is like the king of video games 8bit music genre.
"...and all I could think was-you're so cool!" from True Romance --
Children are learning that saving is good bot NOT learning HOW to save
you're welcome!
I just bought 37 new clocks. I am so fired up for tonite that i can hardly contain myself.
Divide 1987thru 2017 into computational eras
This movie is so sad:(
": can't have a moose in city limits Hahahahahaaha.. #killedit" Hahaha! Shut up!
Bynum is the most dominant 7-footer in the league.
It was! Now the question is, what will she do about it?! Can't wait.
But there isn't any service. That sucks.
How does only have 1M followers?
thunderstorms are sexy..
Locked & loaded and ready to hit 2012!!
#NFL Draft is approaching soon!
It's that time boys & girls: Let's go Heat!
something you could...hmm. check out our music and get back at us. Peace
it goes in one ear & right out the other , people talkin shit but you know it never bothers <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008B>
Partaking in the Nooner at Earth House. So far, so good! Check them out: last Friday of every month, 12-1.
Why can I not identify the pic with the back of your head?
After a memorable season series in the ever-intensifying rivalry between the Capitals and Penguins
Every time my phone autocorrects "oy" to "it" I feel like it doesn't know me AT ALL. So alienating...
Your really cute :) Just thought I would let you know. Okay, bye.
nobody has the right to judge a Mother to her face!
The middle school student who may be disruptive in school and doesn’t follow directions may have a speech-language disorder.
I find that very offensive but 100% true!
I'm so out of shape. Running to Taco Bell was horrible
Lol. Twitter sees your murder threats too, you know.
#personaldatingad : must be okay that I smash plates when I'm angry. But only happens when I'm wasted and watch 500 days of summer. Always.
oh well i am so how bout those apples
halloween was so cool. i was the burger king dj...
No thank you.. haha!
Way to represent NZ! RT : Phew! Finished telling our story at
cause lord knows a hit didn't! Lol...I will take it
this game cray
Dj Cyn spinnin at CopperTop bottom of peak 9 in Breck startin in 15 min come get a beer after u shred
- I may have missed a beat on your tweets... For that, I apologize. In any event, let's make this year count for our lives.
Damn I know I fucced up a lot of times but that doesnt mean that its not gunna change.
Really? Why is this lady ok with the stupid cop?
This view from under the Struggle bus is amazing! Get it? Under the bus? Struggle bus? No? Never mind <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Had so much fun with everyone at prom tonight(: (:
Prom showing at guard tonight!
Thanks!! RT : congrats on the crowd! Those sandwiches are worth it!
you have that smile that only heaven can make i pray to god everyday that you keep that smile!! <33 i LOVE u..
lmao at LAC chanting 'refs you suck'
Mommy cooking some Fish Eggs & Grits And I'm Finna Bang!!
"That girl is so hot! You know what we need to do? We need to go roll her house tonight as a prank..." -Anonymous 28 year old
in the lucky one!! I saw you walk into the theatre!
RT“: Nothing is better than seeing your ex with someone uglier than you.”
#Loex2012 Winning recipes of Online Instruction for 1st years....not all #LibraryInstruction is gourmet meal, sometimes peanut butter & jam
my man wassup bro! Everything is good homie! Just grindin it out! You good family???
You are NOT a liberal. You are NOT a conservative. You ARE a HUMAN BEING and your life makes a tremendous difference! Use it well. :)
Anyone have any scary movie suggestions that are also on Netflix?
#cheerup vocal rush wishes you a happy birthday jackie, and we hope that things start to get better today !!
We're heading over to City Heights Square to meet with civic engagement seniors.
You're not really as funny as you think you are....
Dear Spider, unless you pay rent, you cannot live in my house.
what was the jazz pandora station you had on around 6pm tonight?
- such a great springtime song. :)
the courts better pick up the pace and do the right thing then. B4 someone does something rash, the atmosphere is ripe for it.
LOVE ALERT!!! We LOVE eating at Da's Thai Cafe in the #Princeton #NJ YWCA
Innovation is an endurance sport says
Happy birthday dad! I hope you enjoy your day as much as I will be enjoying your cake! :)
Hi Amigos :D
ACL reconstruction recovery, day 2. Just me and the cats at the home office.
believes the hardest thing about learning to ride a horse is the ground.
Stock market in Q4: "Europe has a plan"...stocks rise. Next day "turns out that plan sucks" ...stocks crash. Rinse and repeat.
Irish coffees, christmas cookies & tree decorating w/
Man my arm hurts.
situation brings up the issue: who is responsible when a library's user violates the TOS?
Hey now that the shows over can you do covers on YouTube? Cause and I would love to hear "Sex On Fire" : ) Love Ya!!
Rushing to print off my paper and get to class!! Then studying all day for my trainer exam. :-) Go dogs!
HOPE YOU UNDERSTOOD THAT
Which polling place? (regardless, that's good)
Boarding my flight to #ATX. See you next week, DC.
when you test drive a car and it dies at a stoplight
": thx babe...nice mtg you!"----Pleasure was all mine love. I look 4ward 2 da next time. Hmu. Come out 2 my shoot 2moro.
I love that the flight attendant just told us we r on a plane that is the 2nd smallest in the fleet. No shit. There is 0 room in bulkhead
Congrats Vandy and Florida State!! Big wins!! I will be down to celebrate with Vandy in May!
Wait till he gets his solo. It's friggin sick!
Glad I'm grandfathered in for unlimited data; I used 52GB last month!
RT : Differentiation = key! Agree : A4. Avoid becoming a commodity..offer something your competitors don’t...
i have 4 fuckin celebrities following me!! Ah!
is my hero.
Leaving the obvious choice...RT : Hooray! RT : The "four teams plus" Rose Bowl exemption model is also off the table.
Could I be wrong about next weekend? Sure, but this is why I am going warm yet into next weekend! We shall see!!
can't wait to hang out with you guys tonight!!
Who is Don Iver or whatever his name is... Wow really Best New Artist? Hum
Ignorance is an affliction? You think I can get Gary to give me some stoopid pills?
"I'm not every girl.. And I dont need that world to validate me"
i wonder what finn and rachel are gonna buy with that $5 c;
Live Streaming now on www.iBand.me !! Join us!
I'm craving pancakes omg
The truth is out there? Does anyone know the URL?
Am I the only person who didn't love Bridesmaids?
ah, cultural difference - branston pickle..a relish, coupled with a sharp cheddar, also staples of a ploughman's lunch
yo that shit sounds terrible. That's that jail hookup
yeah right on
uh oh does that mean I have to start looking out for you :-)
looks cool dude!
Fool I knew u were gonna retweet that.
aw thanks twitter if I could please gget
I'd love to take photos of you for my book.
my pleasure
I listen to ALL the babymakin music, love songs & sad songs before i go to bed everynight
just till Friday(:
A couple of #newplay TV technical glitches. But we are up now!
Click on a menu and select cheerily. If you order Typhoon or Chevy's, delivery is free! (Coupon code OCT2011 at checkout)...
Too cool. I would love to fine something like that/
3 pairs of jeans purchased 3 holes in the knees! Quality issue? Done shopping there!
Abraham might not have been the first person that God asked but he might have been the first person that said yes.
Maybe they meant her vs. it
• follow us b #400 win surprize gift ! we buy gold silver coins articles of value !WATCH BATTERIES FROM $ 1.99 FREE LAYAWAY!WE BUY GOLD
"Take your life in your own hands and what happens? A terrible thing: no one to blame." ~Erica Jong
Double up! But seriously. Such an irresponsible cause to support. It's not just harmful to your own kid, but to others!
So ready for tonight. Just joined , so planning a lil review of OFW to post there.
congratulations!! A good feeling
Let's all go spray tanning.
I think it's a combination of Betancourt and Hoffman
EVERYONE SHOULD FOLLOW ME AMAZING FRIEND! ! find him on youtube:) he loves fishes lol<3 HIT THT FOLLOW BUTTON!!
If Tebow goes,so do I and my season tickets. Been a fan since 77 but can't fathom mistake of letting best winner since you leave.
Lol the kush nap? “ what up dreamer I just woke up myself lol”
How the heck did Kemp hit that ball that far to right?
Perfect! : D
*channels gran tarino guy * get off my yard!
I appreciate that, man. I really do. Hahaha.
omg, you guys.. have you had the new snickers peanut butter yet? holy crap.
No rest for the wicked.
Thanks for the RTs!
So tired
"It hurts me seeing a girl cry. I want to comfort her as long as I can... Or I’ll end up crying too.” - Zayn Malik
Planking = Dumb
Listening to Avenged Sevenfold,txting the boyfriend and about to go kill me some Zombies !!! lol :D :D
White clouds and Chan Chinese - Daily Pioneer
1 more hour ...
Make no judgements where you have no compassion. - Anne McCaffrey -
It's almost over
comfort food with an ethnic twist! RT : made the african peanut stew this afternoon. Hooked!
A6: Never give up! Learn from each rejection and know something else will come along.
Thursday is the new Friday…right?
do you think this buys Millwood more time with this outing?
no sadly :'( because in his bio he says "I don't text fans"
In this country you make the money first. Then when you get the money you get the power. Then when you get the power then you get the women
I felt raindrops today for the first time in months
Bout to hit
I feel like I should be chanting with here in my living room. That would just be crazy. Right?
The Exorcist, because I've never seen it on a big screen. ...and because I'm a somewhat shameless whore.
I'm not a slut. I'm just extremely social;)
you obviously wouldn't understand lol
I Had all fun at six flags today with my ucity nigga's
Always have that feeling when I send that message
Drinking from the fire hose
Haven't flown United Airlines in a decade. Now I remember why, NO legroom!! Never again.
And I'm fadin' so. Wrap your arms around my soul.
WHAT'S UP WIT YOU HOMIE
#InMiddleSchool we nearly died at a CC practice, got JP the lizard, learned we are twins, and rode the bench during basketball
i watched that in my L.A calss today :(
Topping Throwdown: Pepperoni vs. Extra Cheese. Ready, set, VOTE!
When it suited her agenda.....
"Lawrence Ferlinghetti, in 1960, thinks the 49ers will beat the Giants."
Looks like I'll be taking the independent publishing route
hope they will be okay.
Seeing my 8 year old daughter in cargo pants today for the poem in your pocket festivities at school really made me happy.
We know you can get growlers from and Where else do you get your growlers from in and around Atlanta?
Sigh wanted to visit Daz in london next year w a 10k euro ept seat locked up!!
Call of Duty!
100% keeping the vodka flowing! Great job repping #sac and #NorCal - I call shotgun if you and win cars
Cranky. Time for coffee/pastry from Paris Baguette.
Tax Time Special! Save some bucks. Tell us you found us on Twitter and receive 15% off your rate for the evening!!! Expires April 18th 2010.
DWYCK- Gangstarr ft. Nice and Smooth, one of my favorites of all time!
Hello Chicago
: What did you all think of #BackStageRush tonight?!
YAY The book arrived from :) Very excited to read cover to cover!
rumor has it :p
"Till the sky falls down".- Dash Berlin
Spending the rest of the day at the Magic Kingdom!
I'll reach out to the guys at the store on Monday and get back to you
on da phone
this made me laugh...good question
Also, my mom made some fresh pumpkin bread and some fried pork loins. If I wore red today I could be mistaken for Santa.
Way to go guys! “: CG baseball beat Cathedral 3-1 tonight! Juniors Nick Owen and Josh Piper pitched for the Trojans.”
Nothing says Holidays like airport bagel sandwiches!
Thanks to everyone who came out to for the Springboard exhibit yesterday. I was there in spirit from NY!
Better not watch that at work in case I get emotional; I'll save it for later!
Top of the 9th with a tied game 1-1 #Dodgers and
Happy #birthday to co-Artistic Director/Producing Director/fearless leader Scott Alan Evans, who's at work on #CHILDREN even on his bday!
think you're right; glad her story was told.
RT Yes you are BC. Just troubled enough! Better check with the legal dept first
babe I've already have voted and can you vote each day?
Actually considering a tattoo... .and with this SHITTY week I have had... its possible
I'M DOWN! hahaha i'll send u a pic when i get on my computer.
The Melloy family has been in the New Mexico automotive business since 1955. We're proud to serve our community! 888-760-4136
Animal Farm
THX and took the time to meet & make a lasting impression on some of our youth.
Muthafuckas take me for a joke......... I might as well paint my face like da joker an laugh an clown fuckas all day#dnt give a Fuck
Anyone else excited for the TV commercial law to go into effect? The one where the volumes can't be louder than the show you're watching?
": Don't start a conversation with me if you're just going to randomly stop..." I couldn't agree more!
RT : It actually makes me happy that C.C. Sabathia has no idea how to intentionally walk someone. Sad that he did anyway, though.
typically that's done out of legal issues related to throwing events. but it's also true that few promoters these days profit.
or 40 blankets!
haha we made sure we went and got shit before it started to storm.. More
Just got revised second pages for City Chickens. Looking really nice.
nah u gettin sexy
and I wasn't represented in Precious.
Yoga Wednesday!
smokin that bin laden weed
alright guys im off to bed oh yea be sure to check out my MW3 Tip of the day tomorrow
wackness like this is disgustingly common :(
Thanks for the plug, Jackie!! Love the song (and that you dig Dragonette!)! ;) xoxo
somehow your congrats sounds phony when you have to bring yourself in it....
I'm glad I found someone else who understands how surprisingly disgusting papayas are.
OZMGOD, those pants
I love you!!
SMH... Black people.
lmao bro he said , "I've been kicked outta better homes then this !"
#dh2010 Wondering how many librarians are here.
I'm not sure yet. You?
Ha! They should. RT : Everybody should try ' modified guacamole dip at least once in their life! Lol
Help give an amazing 2011! Spread the word!
Were you ever in love with Sydney (or really feeling her) or were you just playing the game the whole time ?????
Hula dancing with my thumbs up
"Good luck needs no explanation." - Shirley Temple Black
When's the next hurling practice? I gotta get on it!
there is now a dating site just for gingers, kudos internet for trying to quarantine the disease
Teaching is mostly motivation, making them do the same thing over and over again. Once you get over the hump it gets easier!
Facebook just made my day worse :/
one direction : you have a crush on busted? : not a crush.. more like a gidy feeling XD
Studying for my drawing class final.... give me focus so i can finish strong..
ayee justin! remember that little 14 year old boy singing “aye aye aye” i miss him. BUT THAT BOY GREW UP TO B A GENTELMAN <3
recording of moms voice?
Neighbors are roasting a pig over a pit in the backyard. Am I back in Hawaii?
Stocking Stuffer Deals: Two for one novelty earbuds, peace signs, skulls, pill capsules, ... new items daily.
Delivering bad news to good people always sucks. :(
Doing college and university research with 32 #AVID students...... whew
Last six months: Skyrim. Next six months: Fez.
& in Hstn this weekend, maybe we can catch up
Off to do 1860s sexism, primary sources, historical thinking & old newspapers with 7th graders at w/ & co
Happy that Bob Dylan is back on Spotify
Show done. Time to kick back and watch our friends entertain the crowd while we savor the fun filled set we did.
You deserve amazing tweet Israel :) Thank you so much! Someday will give you big love for your tweets. :) <U+2665>
super psyched for the AIMS kickoff in my backyard in Owings Mills, MD on September 26th. GO PLPeeps.
God, grant me the Serenity to accept the things I cannot change, Courage to change the things I can, and Wisdom to know the difference...
We love it! They are more than welcome to practice here!
next time! We'll make a bro date
Soon every girl will have the perfect guy all the guys will have the perfect girl. No need to worry, just gotta wait.
Gettin ready for PQ Premiere Soccer & PQ Stampede Football this weekend! Game ON!
“: Hahahaha my life is crazy ... In so many ways .. WOW” hope the best kind of cray cray
If you don't want a sarcastic answer, Don't ask me a stupid question
Davies would be a good get.
Agreed! RT : I really hope has a State Farm commercial with a Ryan Braun guest appearance.
Thanking him for another day. Good morning fam!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>...what?!?! Omg I had 1 at Wilson street!!! Mama said if u didn't win I'm gonna whip u!!! #fightpromoter ijs lmao
me too. Miss your tweets
your mom is adorable loved her on the show today
Haha! I don't know what that means, but I'm happy to support you homie. Hope you nail your goals in the race.
If a judge loves the sound of his own voice, expect a long sentence.
come in for brunch and stay warmed up by our fire! $3 mimosas!
currently hiding on Reno, courtesy of my employer. At least I got to see some cool cars today.
WTR TV ch 218 time warner the village 7pm new
Keep it in my gardening tool box at all times, along with a stick and knife, sticks make for great tools.
On orders of #NowFollowing :-)
Don't get me wrong Cards, you're playing great and I love you...but I also love sweeps. Let's go for more of those. #reallythepirates?
Wednesday is ok because I go to school late & have pretty easy classes & Thursdays ok because your getting ready for Friday.
So it's midnight:36 nd I have enough energy to go egg some houses around my neighborhood, ah ha,
": What i wouldve done today to sleep in" take a ball to the eye?
Finding Goatse: The Mystery Man Behind the Most Disturbing Internet Meme in ... - Gawker
Beary Christmas around the world to all the "Extended Aplin" Family! Jim Aplin Abeachdude Orlando
Last friday night, yeah we danced on table tops, & we took to many shots. Think we kissed but I forgot!
well i wont give up on us god knows im tuff even tho we still got alot to learn God know we r worth it<3 Love you please follow?
WTF O NOW IM MAD.
God loves you:)
Mon 8/15 Mark Towns & Tribology at Oyster House Studio City CA 10pm Tribology is an eclectic mix of jazz, funk, fusion, and Latin grooves
Wow. This female just offered to pay for foams.
PSA: rt'ing race baiting thugs for no apparent reason will be grounds for an unfollow
We're a proud sponsor of Can't wait to join all the cyclists, runners and skateboarders on 4/15!
Yeah!!! #PATRIOTS we're going to the #Superbowl!
We'd love that! Can't wait :)
Dallas Cowboys Wallpapers
would love to! Send us deets!
Don't care about unnecessary things
I JUST MET LADY GAGAS MOM CYNTHIA AT JOANNE! Djsnsjbdishdjjfjzkndjs dead.
Alec Lemon this game has 6 receptions, 124 yards and 1 TD.
aw lol! Whatever you do.. Dont listen to i wish!!! Avoid the sad songs haha. :P
The GOP side of the room. Talk about a group of sour pusses
smmfh at u
i got home yestaday but i might try an drive up
Only 1 hour until the West Campus is a buzz with Day of Service activities! Are you excited yet, because I am very excited!
making yummy rolls for tomorrows work party...oh my do they smell good!
Man that is fucking cool. Could it get any better than that. Right on man.
well if anything, it drives us back to the print edition. So really you win either way.
the link with the 'www' definitely works. the links at the bottom of your homepage do not and don't resolve
Dallas Cowboys in the house!
You know it's been an interesting weekend when your girlfriend texts you after a bachelorette party to tell you she got kicked in the face!
:( poor thing - feel better!
We hope you all are having a wonderful Thanksgiving day! We are thankful for each and everyone of you and your support of PIR.
Shoutout To ! She Is An Amazing Arianator, And SO Close To 6,000 Followers!! Pay Her A Visit? (: xx
Thank you for watching this movies<U+266A>
Free relaxing sauna time on the metro today! Relaxation not included
happy trail :D
Obama is in Albany today talking about nano technology. We're trying to figure out nano tech affects your daily life. Any ideas?
Encyclopedia Brown solves 12 mysteries a book--I should be able to juggle 2, especially if half-assedly. Which is how I roll.
He has a kid! You can't just overlook that. And I still don't think something is right about him either.
Good Morning everyone , what's happening today?
King's opposition 2 Vietnam cost him significant support among many black churches & union leaders. So let the youth spearhead!!
Access your assets<U+0097>not only money but also your own character and capabilities, your relationships, and other non-money resources.
If I get to be Mr. T, we can.
Mi Amor I Love You<U+2665>
Performed my first Stand Up last nite at The Hollywood Improv. I've got the bug big time!!!
Depends on where I am...think that's a Bawlmer weekend!
RT : I just stopped home for a minute and Herman Cain was having sex with my entire family.
lol. No. I don't know. I follow politics slightly more than American idol.
A Great Movie and should have won best picture was Salon Fishing in the Yemen. Great Love Story with light messages about Life,
consider other peoples: lives, backgrounds,family,struggles & dreams.
everyone believes
tits seem cleaner.. U can play with em all u want. Ass gets stinky if u slap it around too much...the sweat build up reeks
Big complaint from #edu11 vendors - long sales cycle. If you're a vendor at #edu11, @ us to learn how we lower customer acquisition costs
Is MEAN in the playoffs
you'll do great! :)
As friends & friends w/ benefits y'all are excellent...anythings else...CHECK PLEASE!
YES WE DO lol
watevs i kno but like wu actions? mine is Eh i have to pesent in front of my class im soo nervous
The Musink afterparty in Costa Mesa is off the chain! Props goes out to Sullen
I think you're safe with either, though I might go for blue. Of course you don't know if I have any fashion sense :) good luck!
sweet!!!! They gone make it...just need Durant to get his team to play sum defense in the next series of the playoffs.....
Thanks so much for the RT, Kaya! I appreciate it (and YOU!)
Pay day feels so good. Now for the bills....
When you're in a relationship, everyone wants you. But when you're single; nothing...
Goodnight #TeamBreezy , , &' My New Followers! Love Y'all! :) <3
Just to let you know, if you're enrolled in classes for the Spring semester, your library access is carried over through the summer!
YES! One of my goals is to have him coach me someday. Hopefully. I believe <3
you play the violin?? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Which makes me wonder why he even said "I do not consent" in the first place
i am ready. Gonna be another unforgettable album
Damn every ones got a thingy thing but me....lol
p.s i really really miss you
The Peru Project is Tonight! at 7pm in Witherspoon Theater. Just $5 to get in.See you there!
Just go away & stay away.. Please
Happy Mother's Day weekend! We are you are celebrating your mom, a mom, or yourself!
who want my 1,000 Tweet
I wish someone would come to my house and train my kid to sleep. I am seriously at a breaking point.
yeah I worked at the mall for a week then transferred to uptown
LOve you boo <3
It was great having you!
I'm not getting into this with you again. Don't want to participate? DON'T. Plenty of others, however, do.
Random Thoughts: Let's home all of us contact AIG via their web site to tell them how mad we are about the bonuses.
nice to see get his mojo back last night. keep it coming.
that's the best I've read on TINTIN yet
iTunes is missing the ability to queue songs kn the fly.
Yes, 6901 Biscayne blvd. We will be open mid-march. U can set an appointment to come by before then or order online.
Exactly what I didn't want to happen....happened!!! UGH My father just screamed bout the phone bill, stupid phone why did you have to break!
tyrannosaurus Tuesday
Public Service Announcement: The Good friend is dropping #FullyintheTux this November. RT and pass it on!
Meals should include 3 foods from different food groups which to help meet your calorie and nutrient needs.
Glad to hear it! Hope set-up went smoothly and you had everything you needed! Enjoy your well-deserved nap!
: family how r u this fine morning
More announcements are coming - including the BIG ONE. It's going to be great!
PHX weather at the 16th hole of the WM PHX Open is highly recommended.
whenever #BadGirlsClub comes on twitter is a straight sausage fest
A homeless man just asked me for change. Told him I didn't have any pockets & he told me that next time I better come prepared.
glad you like the photos!
Doing my HOMEWORK! Biology
Happy Friday!
BS call on Smith there
lololol RT : hahaha I've been called the songbird of my generation
Heya twitter people, anything good going on?
Anybody in Phoenix have any office space for rent. Got to get out of the house.
We're sorry, but we cannot remove the title of the post. We do not control Tumblr's functionality with Twitter.
Just watched the latest #Downton Abbey and gotta say I'm still on Team Lavinia. You have two more episodes to impress me, Lady Mary.
Been out & about this morning-back at it here in the office-getting my groove on!
Birmingham civil rights museum
Golf Tournament week is here! Call for details (512) 795-4066
ask Webster. Lol good question though :-)
Be Victorious Pageant and Image Prep is ready for the 2011 pageant coaching season! Book your sessions today! www.BeVictoriousPrep.tk
yeah man! you get the book?
These billboards all over town are really convincing this snob that & are literally the best schools in the world
So excited to sing for The Wings in a few minutes!!
Twice in 30 days. Pissing me the fuck off.
hey my friend where can we buy some of your amazing wears! Love them want to wear some for spring!!
Froedtert & The Medical College of Wisconsin () has appointed Lee Biblo, MD, Chief Medical Officer.
S/0 Appreciate!
LOL mini heart attack! :P
Well UK loses their 1st SEC series of the season. Next weekend is huge though, playing #1 Florida at The Cliff.
Done. RT:“: should unblock her twitter so I can retweet her. #dollsinchitown”
So that 2 percent from that next grade up will be added
I still dream of the day that I start a standing ovation for someone with a dramatic slow clap.
not able to attend FETC this year. does anyone have a suggestion for good tech PD outside of Ohio?
I wish things could be the same as they are in books. Life would be worth living then.
I'm sure it has nothing to do with the fact that Gloria has a "D" next to his name
come check out the 1 and only night club like it surrender lasvegas Only
My top 5 Whitney tracks. 1)How Will I Know 2)I Want To Dance With Somebody 3)Greatest Love of All 4)Her Super Bowl 5)I Will Always Love You
I've heard is in fact, "watching." Not sure Daron likes the taste of his own foot, though.
Forgot to thank you awhile back for the RT! Hope we see you at #Winterfest tomorrow :-)
Headed up to Norman, OK
Officially have nothing to look forward to in this world
Now you need another shower to get off the cat spit!
im a true directioner, i follow directioners that speak a diff language cause to me a directioner is a directioner even if idk what they say
you both should do a nigt together with and gt gothic crazy!
Be aware of your Unique Selling Point (USP), and point it out to your audience. This will further help separate you from the competition.
where do you work??
Honestly, having a gr8 time #working and #playing. It's fun seeing grow so very quickly.
Why are cigarettes sold in gas stations when smoking is prohibited there?
i just followed her too
no, it sucks ass. It's hard to manage. ):
was he saying "you will be upgraded"? :)
Aww, no! Did you smash stuff? Did you get smashed? Is that how you got killed?
#Michigan looking slow. I wish we'd wipe that smirk off of 0's face.
im ok my bf is ok and the pup is ok just thankful for that right now
This class is brutal - totally wishing I'd bailed for happy hour w/
SHOOTING: MECU ad campaign in Baltimore, MD
Nokia is so awesome for hosting this forward thinking party. These tables are so fun!!!
Work 5am to 1pm 2day. Then gt the boys. Busy day ahead of me. Hope ya have a gr8 day.
RT : Saw an amazingly powerful and true film last night, #justdoit THANKS!!
Pastor just gave me a word, "a person should not dictate your relationship with your jesus!!" hallelujah!
south asian american art festival may 1, 2010 in santa monica california, artists send jpegs to
Prank calling people with Marisol and Alexandra (:
I agree with you 100% RT : Apple will always innovate. It's in their DNA. :)
I'm already working on talking hubs into a 10k next year. ;)
best hash tag ever
Lots of people reading it all of a sudden....dirty!
Experts-now is your only place to get live consultation ;) Stop wondering about the answer...just come to experts-now and get your answer
Good Moorning guys... Hope everyone haves and awesome day :-)
15 days to go! So ready. See you on the Red Carpet at the Premiere of "H20: Supply and Demand", Sept. 18th @ The Enzian Theater.
oh god no. I love sleep. It's my best friend. So I guess I'm really weak haha
Did I really see a photo of Mitt Romney vacuuming an American flag from his victory speech last night. What the hell?
Me too. Thank you.
Will the podcast ever show up on TuneIn Radio, like TESD? I listen thru iTunes but still curious.
I'm not twitter "material. LOLOLOLOL
I am in agreement with the comments at Liberty on the Rocks by that privatization initiatives should be incremental.
Deadline for Pittsburgh Tissue Engineering Initiative Internship is Feb. 3rd!!
Your gotta be the dumbest dude in the world to hit a girl raw let alone she already has 2 kids! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
My bio need to up date already. Peice of shit.
Hey , and KDKA play fair. Value your ON AIR talent with a first rate contract. in solidarity
you were able to see the pic tho?
TODAY at 9am, join MADRE & our partners at Fener Auditorium as we discuss using human rights to forge strategies
Rage coaches meeting now
Damn I never got that old before Ctfu
You are so fake. Even without my contacts in. Your blurry smile is still fake.
going back to Boston?
IM WEAK! LMAO RT Shout out to all the girls who are 2 weeks pregnant and don't know it yet
It's been a busy day researching. I hope you forgive my last post, I am not salesy, just thought it was a cool tool and wanted to share.
Damn shame i cant get #crunk with this weekend. Still got lil 500 tho
I'm sleepy!!! AS FREAKING USUAL!
Telling me that I should go out walking when I can't even stand up straight is ridiculous. If I could stand up straight I would love to.
Nice!!!! Im jealous. lol I dig it!
the end of school is bringing out a lot of unexpected everythings
he's the sweetest! RT Such an incredible blog you MUST read. Written by the great world traveler "My Muse: Maine"
Get over it
Put same effort into strategy for customer service as you do for content.
Sounds like fun!
not this tweet tho... and unless I get legit peer review philo aesthetics pub., sans attribution. aka no footnote. #museum catalogue
DJ = Val Kilmer Batman. Eric = Christian Bale Batman.
#Chicago South Side Irish parade returns today! #GetMyIrishOn <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+0080>”
aint that the truth of it =/
Congress has worked furiously today to settle accounts and find commanders to build and occupy fortification on the Hudson Highlands.
Waiting to see if my picture will come up or not.....
And game over... Probably
Jimi Hendrix failed his high school music class. -- OMG Facts ()
Up to 80k with 45 players left here in Jax at Event 1. Don't even wanna tell the full story I will save it for the book.
It feels like I never left.
okay good. You're not feeling well, though?
Thanks Mack keep taking plenty of bro pics haha RT : love the article & my photo cred!!
Wonderful school time.
RT I hear oxi abuse=limpdick“: No, Rush. Women don't need extra birth control to have more sex. That's just the excuse she gave you.”
Short handed goal by Kopitar. Talk about stopping on a dime...Kings 2 Blues 0
Power of the Purse Recap Lunch at noon - talking about which women designers we want to showcase in 2012!
No one ever gives that guy a chance.
I am in love with my tattoo!!!!!
I don't think the FB API supports Fullscreen - but we'll look into it. A 'small' popup would be useful as well
My daughter wanted to know how you were late for work.
is it a good idea to post screenshots of ur site on sites like Flickr? what is the consensus of the discussion
A Cat in Paris is my favorite animated feature. I'm picking Rango to win
plz folow me back plz i love you i would be happy if you did
Sheriff Joe wants to have his chain gang ladies clean up around the ballpark. Dang SB1070'ers, gotta make some money.
Life is what happens when you are making other plans.
Well looks like has plans for the 26th - 28th of July now(;
Dave Donatelli always impresses me........
Miley or Selena?? Selena is winning!! #vote and I'll give you a cookie. <3
Interest rates are low and pricing is cheap. Why would you not buy a home in this market?
So much work, I have no idea where to begin!
Looking for a centrally located restaurant/facility that has two rooms, one small one for a meeting, and another larger one for a party. P…
text me
HEY THERE SQUEAKY ASS! RT : Kewl Tweet Johnny B =) Happy Mamasita to u too friend :p lol
damn son, sounds awesome!
Follow back!
NASA budget from 1958 to 2008 amounts to $471.23 billion dollars—an average of $9.06 billion per year. Not much.
RT RT And follow us! Support the Cause and our mission #SpreadtheLove Looking for potential Clients and business partners
Nothing turns a day around like finding the perfect royalty-free stock photo for a blog post. NOTHING.
Tripped 3 times in a row pretty sure I just looked like a retard..
Dreamt I was in the Hunger Games movie as an extra last night....what a weird dream.
JUSTIN PLEASE NOTICE ME!!!!11
#quoteoftheday "Nothing great was ever achieved without enthusiasm."
Erick says HEY! :D
I would have never done you like that
direct message me! Tell me what ya need
I couldn't agree more. I saw a listing of TOC events today for the 1st time. Good ideas but poor communication.
oh! piece of candy! ooh!! piece of candy!!!
Getting psyched for the Bread & Roses Academic Symposium tomorrow in Lawrence!
Working wit tomorrow at Irving plaza. #NYC i don't remember the last time I smoked on stage.lol from Kc to Ny it doesn't stop.
Geeking out about fonts - it's that kind of day.
I ate breakfast there fri and sat. Yum.
Took mom to yoga early this morning at Yoga Flow in Shadyside! I sure wish I could have gone.
Haha, I'll think about it. And I bet it will, no prob! :]
New cakes on my blog itskristiecakesbaby.blogspot.com
So often, I question things and well, that's just the way things are and we don't have the power to change it. Who does?
Dear Twitter, I need to go buy Aaliyah records and Queen Latifah blu-rays but u won't let me! You're like the Pharaoh in 10 Commandments.
no you don't... #keepingyougrounded lol
LOL - but we expect that! (truly) and you can tell (via FB) that I invited you!
RT : So much great social media advice last night - THX to &
we'll be the fanciest in pico
Tuesdays screening of LIFE LOVE SOUL, has been postponed to a later date
Who warned #Tiger not to hang with #MJ & #Sir Charles? WWW.ussportspages.com
yea man. We coulda did lunch. Next time. You headed to Houston?
Over rated....Four sacks in a row...I bet your ears are ringing.
The revamped website features Twitter feeds from Dept. of Cultural Resources institutions & people.
It's not like they care what we think:(
Year round training Available here @ http://www.policemountainbiketraining.com
OK Google Minus (Plus), time to let people merge their Google Apps profile with their personal profiles. Huge use case
:-( I'm sorry! Be careful.
he's not represented on twitter
All the other kids with the pumped up kicks
You know a drink named 'Burnt Fuselage' is going to, uh, well...we're going to find out
The heat killed me just standing out there i feel bad for the people that had track today
Men in uniform >>> M
Thanks for the mention and support. See you next month for the Texas State student advertising presentation for Nissan.
happy anniversary! to many more! cheers :)
Awesome link.
Hulu is pushing a show hosted by Guy Fieri that appears to be Double Dare for adults. Oh my.
Looking at the stack of publicity we received this year and am overwhelmed (and grateful) for our tremendous 2011 successes. Thanks to our…
Us homie im bout to hit this court room hit u when i get out
lol I forgot about that... ok
Woe to those who stick their fingers in their ears when wisdom is explained, demonstrated, and proven beyond a shadow of a doubt!
Is he a good kisser?
¿Who are you friend?
did you text me ?
I'm not leading you on, I'm just not sure what I want
They told me I couldn't come in Club Mia with boots on. WHAT
You are so optimistic :)
Wishing Kimberly a very happy birthday!
What are you eating today? Remember to #TweetUsWhenYaNeedUs!
South Valley closures tonight: 215 east/west to I-15 south closed tonight from 7pm-5am. Detour exits: Decatur or LV Blvd.
Thinking about deleting my twitter again..<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
Please don't forget there is NO Saturday class tomorrow because of the children's parade on Bayshore. Ramps will be closed.
Got my Mexico bass back today. Was buzzing, but all better now. Rehearsed with Jon Avery (from San Fran). What a wonderful drummer. Yahoo!
So tragic! my heart goes out to him & his Mom : 9-year-old #RyanKennedy is dying from cancer after he decides to stop treatment.
There is a lot of excitement in the office today! We're all looking forward to the Eichmann Trial event tonight. Will you be there?
so I must have the $ sign tatted on me? Boy I'm broke! You need to hook me up
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
And pat of course
You tube has been stuck on 301 since 1:45ish....nust of been overwelmed with views it couldn't count them all...and has caught up yet...lol
I'm really excited to see the work the Oral History Project is doing. Didn't even know there WAS one until Sat!
Oh blue sands, can you make them understand?
Think Im having Chicken n Waffles for breakfast, n smothered potatoes
7 minutes to make it to Starbucks
hi im new to twitter could u ask justin bieber to follow me
I am on baking kick! I want to bake cookies for you!
well that really sucks!
Oh this for MSU parking, You know I hate them! I owe them two tickets now!!
Get in the car!
good call. He has pretty eyes.
I finally get to sit down and relax :) going to watch Iron Man 2.
if you're the best why are all your tweets either oh im so high, or i have no friends, no one texts me. Doesn't sound like it
Enjoyed live performance @ the Dove Awards Nomination Announcement ceremony.
Here's my "official" permission to love people AND give them your brilliance
so frustrating because I dont want to get up and I can't go back to sleep...
RT : Great Easter win New York! We can do this together. One game at a time. Let's go!
RT : Almond Joy Formidable
Hey Jason! I was watching Forgetting Sarah Marshell the other day. All time favorite movie! You are the best!
It was! I forgive you for the Nirvana fooopah now :)
RT amen! love TED, Jamie Oliver and all things nutrient rich...kills those free radicals
reachable goal!
got out of school early today(:
#Weather Cleveland, Ohio Weather :: 58F FAIR
It's 2am and I'm barely tired.
This game has the feeling it will go to the end
I learned not to go right after a run today. As bad as grocery shopping when hungry.
Leslie has never seen Lord Of The Rings. This is being remedied tonight
Tonight's been fun, what with two of my regulars slapping each other and all.
Right back atcha! Gettin' down to business.
The Silk Tie likes Ivan! No tie in the profile pic? Tim makes ties look good, thesilktie.com
Great story about the history of #bluemoon beer. Makes me like it even more!
Catch performing again in B-more on Sat, May 19th @ 8pm @ The Brass Monkey Saloon w/ Mzery Loves Company, & many others
In potomac mills. Bout to hit maryland. Wats good dmv. Bout to rock the stage
OMG....I love being back in the run of the audition again!!! YES PLEASE!!!
Texting and knowing that he's playing COD because of how slow it takes for him to reply #loser <3 bahaha.
follow back? :)
Sorry I'm in Mojave desert don't get good reception we're shooting right now 4th night sleepy :(
Better to drink gasoline than eat Arby's curly fries. Or maybe the two are exactly alike!
can you send me the picture of your icon please ? :D
Awkward moment when tweets everything she's doing... :D
As an SLP & mom, I count the ones they use several times over a couple weeks! Hope that helps!
you might try again. It works for me. Let me know.
that's my boy! Right there.
So sick of these lazy bitches
I dont know what I want anymore
no problem lovie... miss you!
lol that was cute
Our moon here in SW WI must be better than the one you have. You need to upgrade.
I'm a slut
Why Most Website Redesigns Have a Half-Life
#cnndialogues in Syria, you can only do well if you are in with the military. If not, you need to leave.-
because I fucked up once!?
did you know that has a tattoo :o
got damn u arrogant lol we must b kinfolk lol!!!
Nope. But we did each get in trouble by the secret service for walking where we weren't supposed to and for taking pictures.
ironing my shirts while watching Mad Men seems fittingly domestic
Haleigh just told me "I had a crush on you for like the last few weeks Lol. I don't anymore...which is why I'm telling you. Aha" HUH??????
always enjoy hearing you on KSR and nice to hear I'm not the only one going to the library.
thanks! Just a little bit of luck...
I screamed in this kids face, got off the stage to do it too & he just kept standing there. *sigh* lol
just took a picture at a store called sams club. they have laptops with webcams.
first place I saw you fellerz!!! First time I got hi too :) you guys helped me become who I am and it goes all the way back to that 1
Gunther says there will definitely be a FRIENDS movie... Maybe from Aniston or Cox, but Gunther? Check out cinematical.com
Cal has got to be thinking "not again." Either that, or "what recruiting violations must I pay someone to commit for me to win a title?"
Up next my big fan cmpunk
They make PSAs for high schoolers about dudes like him.
Koala Under Threat in Australia: Big Pic Australia has listed the koala as a threatened species in parts of the country for the first tim
I'm finding it quite good. JIm Caviezel is a badass.
Well, you're not making me feel any better cause i'm not there.
No thanks to Apple's [CLGeocoder reverse], which is garbage
#HappyMothersDay Rest In Peace to all the mothers who didn't get a chance to see this day <3
like, you're not guaranteed to be granted one?
That's so flipping adorable.
KIANA U BETTER NOT SQUISH MY HED LIKE U DID IN TAG
I'm so high I don't wanna come down
802 tweets. On my way to being a full 1,000 twitter person ;)
<U+FFFD>As I grow older, I pay less attention to what men say
Three days until we move. Saying goodbye is so hard. Saying hello again to our old friends will be so awesome. My emotions are confused.
The #Brewers are lucky that the #Cubs aren't starting Chet Steadman tonight...
56 more minutes !
lol i fuck wit cigarillos too...but im jus tryin something new
Cheers to you !
In addressing problem of knowledge of world through lists of things, D also addresses an epistemic problem w/reading itself
was this sausage/butt cancer billboard in your 'hood...?
Where'd all the good people go.
Here at we love the Mets! What is your favorite MLB team? -CS
he's been trying to hard lately, should have given up after duffle bag boy
Thsi Class Is SO Boring . . I Just Want It To Be Over >:(
Haha now you have Twitter? lol. I love you!
yes we are still doing good and thank you!
If someone is not paying ur #bills, do u think they should tell u how 2 live? #Trick, please
can u frekyng shut up
Billings 3 Vs. Freshbooks... Billings 3 ftw for me.
Where did you go?
HI. MY NAME IS SHAQUINTA AND I AM A GUITAR.
Mix it with some Bonilla Ice Cream and you'll be thinking about it long after it's gone...
Go to the 520 session with Wendys tommorow to fix that craving
can't wait!
Thanks to everyone for a great show tonight at the Euclid tavern!
Watching #AmericanIdol, why do I like this show so much? This show doesn't really fit my personality.
Enjoying the Mayor's Youth Townhall on Athletics @ Deadwood Rec. Ctr. A Full house. DC Youth Rock!
Jesus Christ richly bless your life.
I hate that the NBA has allowed acting to become the most important attribute.
follow back please!
lol, yes! I think we became really good friends when we got a d-hall together(: haha
Oh no! What happened??
Hahahaha I want king taco now
Finally agreeing on something.
Congratulations on the new position Mr. Barnes. We'll be following you on your way to the top. Go Blazers.
I Don't Live There Anymore, I Live In Atlanta :) & I'll Be Moving Back To London Soon Surprisingly Aha
#TeamFollowBack A Drunk Mind Is A Sober Thought
Bartab's making the madness last this week with FREE drink sends this Thurs from 12-5 PST. Spread the word!!
Not so alternate
At this moment i find myself thinkin why am i watchin this novela?am i really that bored
TMNT remake? Isn't that just Platinum Dunes M.O.? Exploit old licenses to make terrible but profitable remakes?
i really love NIALL ZAYN :) all of you!
I HOPE <3 nahh id rather meet him <3
Where else did you go on your trip ? London is one of my favorite places!
what kind of puppy.?
I hate that about all the new ICONiacz. Most of them love them because there hot and I am like are you serious?! They dance bro.
The junior attorneys put business cards on the windshields of the Baltimore Grand Prix racecars. Turn 4's going to pay for Prince Fielder.
another stellar performance tonight!!!
yeah man, just gotta learn it on your own.. If you're an artist it should come easy, but if not it'll be a little tougher
At Beacon Theatre in NYC for The National. Best Christmas gift a gal could ask for...Thanks !
I just almost got hitt by a car!!!! :O
just got home
Student in RHCP shirt today! Wonder if she was at last night's awesome show in Sunrise. My videos will be on YouTube/Tumblr in a bit.
Best day ever with
I never texted you?!?
Okay well I'm hanging out with Zach so I'll do your hair and then you can like hangout with codie or something :)
Cant wait to have you!! RT : Girls night at this Saturday! ! Anyone wanna join the party?! Pre game at my place :-)
Haha, mine hurt from slicing so fast
HAPPY MOTHERS DAY TO ALL THE "REAL MOTHERS " :)
Bye bye, Plurk.
CNN keeps talking about a 50 year-old bullying, when there's TRUE CRIMES & CORRUPTION in the OBAMA Admin. NOW !
Thanks. I had no idea there was such a thing.
In the back of a man who tore his world apart.
For this Holiday season do remember that happiness and joy is created within us and shared among us in our spiritual and emotional world.
So So sad... They say it is 6x the national health average for suicide within Pro Sports.
CEO Space in 5 days. Vegas baby!
Not so humid in Vegas! See you tomorrow! RT : Its humid as funk! here in New York today
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light ~ Albus Dumbledore
way better
Ur music has made even stronger! Plz read her twitlonger
fantastic. If you have a layover in LA, let me know. Miss ya.
wow you are funny xD nice one
giftworks in place for donor mgt; is separate and distinct from client services software (cobbled, outdated). Need new, CRM for both
Gald you guys had fun. You guys are gonna have a mess of beer on your hands!
How the hell do u get retweeted by a celebrity?
"Have a Good Not a Goods Holiday" Free podcast. email Type “holiday teleclass” in the subject line.
Tonight at Varsity Bar! Samuel Davidson, Wink Keziah and Rain Cross! Music starts @ 7, $3.50 Bombs, parking at University Coop w/your cover!
In my mind in my heart in my soul
it's fine
Sometimes I wish I could just forget about you completely..
Completely agree 100%!!! Awesome voice!!! :-)
Wow wow wow
Newt Gingrich is the reason I changed the name of my studio from "Land-O-Newts!" to "WaterDog" in the 90s. And now he's back. Nuts.
Awesome picture! I hope the Y really makes you as happy as you look! My gym ID photo looks like the cat dragged me in.
it's really not even that flattering in person. Disappointment al, around.
RT : Last minute #ff for To keep up to date on your latest monkey related catastrophes.
Phone back finially
Kohl says it's purely speculation, but Probably a combination of public and private funds
U all should really be following today. SMASHING 2 world records, raising awareness & doing the unthinkable. FOLLOW!
we think alike
you try n do ur best and then it all changes in a matter of hours....
we'll be there asap buddy!
Shout out to my first ever follower!
I ate off the same fork as a police officer today, ok.
Happy Leap Year Everyone!!! How cool!!!!! CHEERS!!!!!
Together, we can help the planet. Return your empty pots, trays and tags and we’ll recycle the plastic! #EarthDay (via )
More coverage coming your way soon! was at the Steeplechase today!
When ur geting the mail and u read a letter someone sends u saying how much they love you <333 Cheergirl<333
Breaking news: we will be posting a china tour video montage with a new song in the background! Stay tuned for more info
its finally hitting me ! I'm not going to be with my family for that much longer :/ college is coming so quick !
Tonight! Inaugural Washington Women In Jazz Festival Series FINALE at Twins Jazz. 8pm & 10pm sets, feat. Christie Dashiell & Sarah Hughes.
Super bad !
How I hate that Jose has to be the dad for my sisters baby
roll another one
This defines me. Resiliency; The ability to recover from or adjust easily to misfortune or change.
50 for osu just leaped over the RB wow
Please pray my 8yo daughter thought it'd be a good choice to swallow a penny.. that's now stuck in her esophagus.. putting her out to remove
Im just laidback chillin posted, living like a villain mostly -
Today is #LouisvilleCardinal day...all cardinal fans and athletes follow well retweet yur best college moments
Always good to have Classicists on Twitter
thank you!
Oh lol makes sense. I had a dream about you cause I miss you!
Hope your New Year if off to a kickass start :)
Life Is What You Make It....
I'm great add me you are super good-looking guy
That moment you're trying to clean your kitchen and then you just break down for no reason<<<
I'm pretty good at research son. Sorry for the insult. It wasn't cool. I apologize.
woaaah that lightning felt like it hit close.
I am a superior specimen!
My mom makes the best fries.
looks like a gorgeous day #ROC! enjoy the weekend!
Finished with an always excellent Ellie's Brown Ale from I always forget how good Avery is and that it never disappoints!
PICK 6 #Greer ex-#BuffaloBill ....#Saints pouring on the points
When you text someone and they ignore it and make a post./:
i sleep better when your next to me.
My pro teams stink
Little drive to Philly this morning, getting my first look at Halladay this season.
#maxscenee close but no cigar :T great season though your mascot must have done a million pushups thru out the whole year lol
and also, . THANKS
Celebrating our 2 year 'kittyversary' this week. What are your cats' favorite treats or toys?
I have not the influence you think, Bettye
"This is a marriage, not a divorce," CM Mitch Englander says of plan to fold Office of Public Safety into LAPD.
S/O he on da realss. is that what da kids say? Hmphh, follow him. :)
It's about not letting sadness win.
#DOGTHEBOUNTYHUNTER (:(:(: I absolutely love this show!!
prince version or sinead oconner version
Watching #Dearjohn was just reading the book. <3 this movie :)
There's an ongoing John Doe investigation in Milwaukee by the DA there. Walker has spent big bucks on defense attorneys
Last Micro Lab tonight!!! YAY
what is actually happening? the SEC has to vote to *accept* the resignation? and that vote failed?
I want a green thumb! :) I've been wanting to start an herb garden for awhile now!
Zoe, you stay strong, okay? We're all rooting for you, and we all love you, and we all are praying for you x
Also, I do believe I will start a new art auction tomorrow, stay tuned! :)
figured you would like my retweet :0)
#ThoseThreeWords Get er Done!
Have you ever missed out on life because you were staring at a computer, TV or phone screen?
Average minded people are full of excuses of why something won't work
should I start watching the Knicks now and become an NBA fan?
WOW! LifePath is Rockin' Puerto Rico!
Today I had lunch wit two very important ppl abt very important issues that resulted in very important discussions
Im da same yesterday as I am today...
your skin feels like butter and your hair smells like cinnamon!! You're just a turkey churro in disguise.
All American Beer Pong is looking for venues to host their weekly beer pong tournies. If interested, DM me back!
At Avana sushi in Chinatown getting takeout... I think I can eat sushi every single day
OMG! At Barnes and Noble no one else is talking but this one guy. For an hour STRAIGHT! #pleasekeepitdown! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Cake cake cake cake cake cake
Haven't gotten around to taking a new avatar pic, too busy doing spec work to try and land a new job :p
Don’t try to solve every problem. Focus on the smallest problem that you can solve in order to be helpful to someone!
Hopefully getting the Junior parking approved friday !
Fresh mango, lime juice, and a little salt= awesome dessert!
You lie too much!
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C><U+2764> thanks alot. Thats what best friends are for
False alarm. No baby yet. If not in next couple days, worse case, we get induced Friday am.
breakin for basketball.. much needed..
Had a wonderful opening night at !
"One of my rules is that you don't f*ck anyone else when we're on the date". LOL
Yes, much better now!
The mood is set (uh huh). See you already know what's next.
It's a little Drizzy outside, expect a Lil Wayne.
I think i don't need to be out in public by myself any more!? I don't know how to contain myself by myself....
Followup emails, submissions, scheduling -Doing the project management side of my education.
I sourced the ladies YZ said-FMF System as well. Fast Mother Fuc
All 5Linx CEOs & Interested Guests: Call anytime today to our Daily Vitamin Training Call. Playback: 559-726-1299 Pin:118279#
So many advertisements on the ice during Rangers / Devils. Wouldn't surprise me to see an ad on the puck at this rate.
I just wanna move already.
Not like that I mean I can't see my convos with you and my other friends
We just sent an incredible deal to our text club members. You can join the club by texting FujiFanClub to 96362
Are your vendors targeting mobile optimized resources? If not, they should be, tell them so.
Fifi. That is a rather odd name for a pet dinosaur old man.
nap time
ita a yout an Australian truck
you betcha, and thanks!
It's fine, I was just freaking out for a second! I though my computer was freaking out!
Heading to the mall to shop for some new Vegas, bachelorette, and wedding party dresses! Then heading home to bake the night away...
Quote of the week: "Here take this and go buy yourself some more money"
#np girlfriend can come too -
If you haven't yet, go sign up for our mailing list at www.fourstep.com and you'll be notified about our launch!!
Bible-belters... “: I honestly want to know who is considering voting for Santorum. Is there anyone out there...”
Credit where credit is due! Thanks for being awesome & posting just as awesome content :)
Gee, thanks for noticing ;)
As a pinterest fan, glad to hear about it from
on taking inspiration from #SilliconValley: built on idea of the 'unconference'
you are an inspiration I enjoy your creativity.
funniest thing I have ever witnessed
Circle of deathh SNOOP d o dub. I can't deal.
My bro just got a twitter Follow him nd he will follow back ;D
I think I'm coming down with the flu... *cough* *cough*
I just said that we should have it in the US to the account!
In the best mood ever
i used to see #leslie every morning on the way to class hanging around Einsteins on the drag. remember ? atx, will miss you. rip
Everyone at our #Derby party likes Take Charge Indy! Go Baby Go!
Interested to discover account, where people are voicing frustrations with their community.
we only have our one song up don't take too long, its a mellow blended song.
great, how about yours?
both!! Btw, he has relatives in Chihuahua, MX, still, pretty interesting,
I've been using a mac for how long and I just figured out you can drag and drop images to your desktop.
": Coaches are Coaches for a reason give them the Respect they deserve its not easy doing what they have too."
I stay fly & if u don't believe me ask the birds.
i cant wait too hang out with yue austin i love yue so much
Love making a great impression with a pbr casually in the back seat
American politics: the Democrats are the only plausible party; Republicans are beyond mental and should be banned. Not democracy, but..
another beautiful #jerseycity day without torico's. sob. weep.
Great gig at the Hyatt downtown tonight.
Don't think I don't think about it...
buyin yu taco bell but a playa eatin stake ,,, cone bread ...... colla greens ,..... chitterlings on my plate .....103%
I'm a third kind: Someone who tries to turn it off but never can, so it plays anyway.
New : people are pruning online #social networks & restricting access to profiles in the wake of heightened privacy concerns.
Christopher Plummer FTW! Truly the right choice.
what's #chaining ?
good morning to you:) just woke up?
The bartender @ lindas right now has a major attitude. I'm not trying ti be ur best friend but no need to be a total douchedbag. Wtf?
either way we're good. What/where are you drinking?
“: I named my teddy bear after you, that way I will always have something that reminds me of you”
I want to see you this weekend! Hope you will be home! :)
I swear my phone is retarded
I'm not enough of a comic books fan to have gotten it, unfortunately.
My kids have been locked in my daughter's room for two hours making me a #MothersDay present. LOTS of scotch taping going on. ;-)
found a non-highway direct route to kenny & zukes. Pastrami is calling me, I must obey...
Dude . . Like My Bro Didn't Go Get My Milkshake -.-
Because he knows im unfaithful, but i'll do anything to make him believe im here to stay. <3
-hugs you back- i missed you to!!!
i suprisingly feel great too
1/2 you rocked last night! Got to meet you! My aunt hooked up with sick nail polish!!!
Nose has been hurting all day but nothing comes out
"OMG MOVIE NIGHT MOVIE NIGHT!" shut up u dumb bitches-_-
Tune in to at 8 p.m. for a live one hour Buckeye Blitz with in Miami!
it was good seeing you too bro!.. hit me up whenever.
Thank you everyone for your loyal support through the name change! If you hear someone say we are closed, please correct them!
I legit just got home
It's such a turn on when girls don't know they're attractive.
Badger guards on floor ~ For most of the game tonight ~ It's starting to show
Oh! Talk about a super biz here! A big wide open world! Definitely needed!! We should brainstorm!!
what did you win?
rain is finally rolling in. going to have a nice hot shower and see my hair dresser before she gives birth which will be any day now!
What's up with the war on bones when it comes to buffalo wings?!
Works for me. Thanks!
Get out the vote...Especially if you've been complaining; put your money where your mouth (or vote) is!
You know you gave financial problems when you're paying a 27.99% interest rate on 17k...
We do what we can! RT keeps proving itself worthy of my presence next fall. ;)
“: I want to move to Cali already and hit the beach <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4><U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+008A>” it's so great out here <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Money is the root of all evil, and man needs roots
I like the Jackie Robinson shoe...
Gym flow.
Preliminary rosters got bumped from 80 to 90 this year. Not much point in cutting him now.
The Youth Ministry led us in our Sankofa Moment. They are watching "Roots" as a part of their Black awareness project.
Did a ton of laundry today and applied for a bunch of jobs. Feeling accomplished.
Light the Night Luekemia & Lymphoma Society's Annual Walk - read about it on www.southfloridaalerts.com
the comfident guy in pink!
Your not really serious about watching a Republican debate are you?
OH: I know you wanna drive the meat rig!
That's pretty much how I reacted too. Three words for this one - smile and wave.
Just finished my Japanese lesson!
#SPARTANSVOTE I voted did you ?
Thoughts? "There should be a department of comics within MoMA" - Rob Storr just now at cc:
ok have fun
What is your favorite team building activity? Would love to hear back from you and
Hopefully a few of your antipodean fans noticed the RT with the link to your article in the Future of Archives book. Kudos!
Where my scale at( voice)
thanks love :)
Jon Stewart....the sexiest, smartest funniest man in America
I've never heard that one before. I feel dirty.
Wedding tonight <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0098>
wish your sister a happy bday for us beliebers?
Eat. This time you're eating paper. The next time it's going to be glass.
I think if everybody adopted the Gaia Theory, we'd be in better shape.
sounds great! let's do it! gerry think you'll be able to pick me out of a crowd?
Goodnight twitter
sorry about your class iPods Jamie! :(
Happy 5770 people. Health and Prosperity! the motto: "RAM IT DOWN."
I am Legend, I am Sheldon Cooper.
Another beautiful day in LB! Happy Presidents' Day everyone! Come soak up the sun on a hydrobike this week!
in that case AMEN!...LoL
C'mon Mich St, I need this one!
i have such a bad habit of texting in my sleep. i texted someone i haven't talked to since middle school "omg tgat was sii mucgh fun. table"
Exciting work! on the Pearson/Columbia Univ. design partnership
#NowPlaying Eminem - Stan
what's fucked up
To NYTimes: Now it's Obama's turn. For unbiased coverage & honest journalism, how about unraveling the Obama mystery?
Bout to smash on these red lobster and drink some rose.
Oh boy am I sore today! Running again tonight. <U+E105>
stay safe! It will be over soon...
Lunch time:)
doing labor history at historic sites. I want to see the exhibits now!
Welcome to the #colts!
congratulations order a vulcan mind wipe:-)
that it is. still would prefer to be home tm that has won twice than rd tm that has lost twice
what you getting done?
My thoughts go out to my family and friends in
Yes i am now
The scene when #BoobieMiles breaks down in the car tears me up every time.
"Come back come back come back to me like you would you would if this was a movie."
I put Lehigh for this game. told me "duke can't lose to Lehigh." I listened. Thanks babe
I haven't tweeted in DAYS! how's everyone doing? (:
Kickball playoff win today..dedicated to all mothers out there!
Next up tonight is "Tale of a Tiger" by Rachel Hynes. This is also the second time she presented with
LOVED your talk Energy in the room & knowing we have power to help was my favorite part
Here we go! One More Once! Join me & my co-host on Evening Jazz starting at 8pm ET on Jazz 88.3 FM &
Today's special relationship word is TALK
Corps LOVE to move factories to 3rd world commie countries. No environ protect, slave labor/wages, shoot union organizers.
currently 16% of the way into 'Design Is A Job'. Learning how to keep the tigers away from my genitals.
They're serving Red Bull infused pizza at Union South. I don't even have the words to describe how awful that pizza must be.
A very special happy #FollowFriday to the 2 guys who said why the hell not, lets do this thing! #FF Solidarity!
I'm proud
I don't want to be one of those people whose perception of the world grows more bleak as I grow older.
Lol surprise me!
.ann if the person you are trying to call has an ipod touch or iphone and you do too you could try facetime! <3
your hot were r u
Hahaha, no. I meant it's good news because girl can forget about him.
First day of training at my job today >.< ah
RT : BREAKING: Pink smoke is rising from the White House chimney.
good seeing you and Sheila today, my man. Continued blessings!
chloe please reply i wish i could talk to you somehow you are so cool and i hope i see you 1 day i will i hope to god
Lastly, #you stands for the animate and inanimate, the poetry and the prose, the figurative and the literal.
Anyone who says they have only one life to live must not know how to read a book. You know what we mean? Indigo Tree Publishing
The ONLY green one that exists is in my college theater.
Heading to the #OysterFestival in Oyster Bay, Long Island - such a beautiful day for it!
I survived the abortion. What have you done today?
Wonder why there's a recall on excedrine ... Hope this Walgreens off brand works!
What if I told you i knew a place that had couches and was showing that 70's show all day...is that something you might be interested in?
I am standing with Steve
Love your tweets. Do you go to The People's Church? Glad Rick suggested your feed. It's super!
usually players do well against their former teams. BTS is mostly lucky.
So excited!!!! Can't wait only thing missing is
Love and happiness
faux daylights napping under the blue light
Weekend TV: '30 Rock' to air live episode Thursday - Tulsa World
The book can be fly. Now, it just needs to be a thesis.
?Why my dads "short cuts " are actually longer I.have no idea
new study hall is on lock down!
You guys are going to love 's new stuff!
I just received 50 bonus credits by searching with Bing Rewards for 6 Months! Earn toward great rewards with Bing! binged.it/pBBvKN
and Should the wife and I get the kids a cat or dog? Let the games begin... :-)
or learning my french. whatever.
Dude bring us some weed
- I'm taking the Quinoa, and thanks, the Thai Basil Beef was yum last night.
Congratulations! Big number!
I strive to be better than I know how to be by helping anyone that I can. Love others like you love yourself and watch yourself
sing me a song
Who's going to New Orleans Sat?
wat it do bro!
I love it here! im visiting the school today! Finally back home<3
his name is andrew Garcia he doesn't go to school with us(:
You mean, Tucson is the primary candidate? Have you heard of any other possible places?
maybe, where u get it from ?
I am not afraid of death, I just don't want to be there when it happens
if you want to get beat challenge me
Happy Thanksgiving!!! Hope everyone has their share of family and feast!
At least I didn't have to get the full load but ANY grocery shopping is brutal to me.
20 minutes away from a new show announcement.
long time
Why Joe over Harden?
Matt: Ethan sing Mi Amor. Ethan: Blablabloopblap. Matt: That's not Mi Amor. Ethan: Got a problem with my language? Matt: .______. Haha jk.
oh ya! that's in my Hulu Q.... good? or like Korean good?
can't even admit he started prop d, then flipping sides, can we trust your decisions now
you dirty pirate hooker!
followed follow back :)
So is Pavano out because he's hurt? Otherwise I don't see the point in going to our bullpen so early, not like we're going to win this game.
Oracle ships Java SDKs for Mac
Congrats on the LJ Mover and Shaker award!
I most definitely will :) your advice is always valuable to me on my life travels.
Subway is always so thirsty to put lettuce on my sandwich.
So this is my saturday....boring as hell makes me wish i has an coMpanion to go to the park if 75 wasnt a mess lol
I thought this said Carmel people statuses...LOL
I wanna quit softball so bad but something's holding me back...
i feel like you should be following
I hear that. I'm staying busy for my own part, man. God's keeping me blessed, but I could use a break. lol
follow me as I follow you....
This smell makes me want to throw up -_- get away lol
Very happy to hear! Hope to see you again soon!
Thanks! Hope you enjoy it. P.S. I WANT TO STEAL YOUR MUG. cc:
NHL Network laying the praise on Kreider, BC, and Jerry York tonight -- I can get used to this
My pleasure. I hope the distribution instructions survived. has tricks up his sleeve.
Heading home on the train after a great #PAX East weekend.
I want to get chocolate wasted!
where you been my lost brother?
#altac as "alternative academia"; same way writers create alternative history or experimental lit.
revmolly.tumblr.com/ for the farmers
Welcome Saturday here we go again!
So stressed :(
Work phone hasn't been working all week. They finally got it working again for it to stop working again just a few hours later.
#QuestionsIHateBeingAsked can I touch your hair?
Learning to appreciate rum.
its amazing how lyrics explain exactly how you feel.
Did anyone else notice that promoted .co AND .com during #superbowlads last night? Wonder why?
thanks for organizing a great event today!
Thinking about u is making me cry happy birthday Terra love and miss u
The countdown to Tuesday has begun! 4 days and counting! Make sure to put it on your calendar. 11.1.11 FREE BEER!
I'm totally looking forward to my four day weekend. I've been counting down since Monday.
Fantasy Golf: Ballantine's Championship preview We're staying on the European Tour for this week's Today's Golfer Fantasy Golf tournament
At IB pet til 2 fundraising stop by n see me
Big Data is everywhere: "#BigData will and already is making its way to the 'traditional' enterprise, both large and small."
all i want to do right now is hike up a mountain and fill my lungs with a heaping breath of God's fresh air.
Coming together is a beginning, staying together is progress, and working together is success. -- Henry Ford
It's the last day of #ASTD2012! If you haven't visited us yet, be sure to stop by booth 425 today!
I'm falling asleep and this graduation hasn't even started..
Finally finished reading The Hunger Games. What a great book. Can't wait to see the movie now!
Tiger's bullpen is a train wreck
I miss you too teejayy</3
I suppose. The library could invest in a phone for this purpose. This would keep the privacy of the driver's phone in tact.
If it's ever proven that he broke any rules, I will.
Great shot u took of me @ Great Day on the Great Road! Can I get a tag?
RT : thanks for the speedy recovery wishes. Let's take the 3 points today against Philly...
just birds...just...birds...just...little...loud...annoying...birds...*glances at pellet gun*
Anyone need an opening act in the Bay Area? I'm lookin' to play! :)
watt about?
Watching Oprah's Lifeclass!
you are frequently ridiculous.
Our truest life is when we are in dreams awake. ~Henry David Thoreau
It would have been if my ghetto phone were bale to connect to the internet without crashing while not charging.
COMPLETE THE TRINITY ON CBOX.
Death and taxes may be inevitable, but they shouldn't be related. ~J.C. Watts, Jr.
i was finna do something! :b rt ": I got scared of after school the way she looked at me O.o"
This weather is such a tease.
Gettin late.School tommorow.Never sleep much.All alone right now. Feeln crappy
Nice Erica"!!!
Good Morning all. Hope everyone's weekend was top notch.
Come hither.
We are looking to hire temps for the start of the fall semester. If you'd like to make some extra cash come in and fill out an app.
Imma delete this page add our new page@ Club Interlude imma hit everyone up
Grab the promotions while they last - Google Places does that quite conveniently for you.
hahahaha RT : So Capri Sun tweeted me... Apparently I'm late to this "capri sun big pouch" party. GOTTA HAVE IT.
Mane it feel good to be hear
Thanks, friends for all the birthday wishes. We'll be up at in a bit having some beers to celebrate. Come on up.
your show was amazing tonight!<3(: LOVED IT!!!!
Beauty Tip: Illuminate away your winter paleness with a luminizer from Sephora or Macy's!
hello friend....
Off to shovel snow someplace for the temp service, after tossing and turning all night and getting two hours' sleep. This'll be a fun day...
Rum mixed with Tequila? Sounds like a disaster waiting to happen
no. It's much more boringer.
Ok I didn't hit the megamillions. Now what?
Ok Tell me one thing America. Why the HELL!!!??? Is Pia going home tonight on American Idol?????? This is unjust, unfair, immoral. WTF???!!!
That awkward moment when you reblog the wrong thing
I grew up saying Pop, but I had to convert. NY waitresses get confused apparently...
A: Mostly. Remaining upright, it seems, is key.
Florida bound
and my boy out in K-Town??
Absolutely love how this #Celtics team feeds off each other in fourth quarters...
hey dude! Follow us for sure! :) -Jared, P143
I am now officially a script-reading intern for Greenhouse Studios! Things continue to come up Milhouse!
RT : Join #MilwaukeeHYP for our first socail hour! Wed, May 23, 5-8 PM at Karma Bar & Grill! Find out more about HYP:...
Great to hear! We do not right now. How did your kids like our new video we posted today?
High end-of-year volume in Delaware means evidence for routine filings taking 7 to 10 business days. Use expedite services to avoid delays.
dude chill xD
such a sweet face.
How are all the Mahomies? I'm thinking of making a video and posting it a bit later, will you all watch it if I do? ~~Emily<3
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Can't be with my family this year, but off to volunteer and spread some holiday cheer!
Don't be the one who's in your way of your dreams
I'll be the girl you let get away.
found the problem locally. Sigh.
and us "moderate libertarians"? A poke in the eye?
#MarkLogic makes your architecture look simple. There is great power in simplicity.
Phone a friend. Walk away. Say no to domestic violence. If you are that angry, take a deep breath and take a break b4 u end up in jail.
Our first Community Class starts tonight! The topic: Social Justice
Bryan Challenges Kofi to a Match Tonight
Pretty sure I just failed my chemistry exit exam :/
The heart only knows love. We teach it everything else.
Kerri Walsh Heads to London as a Mom
is Official Twitter. Just saying (:
YOU LOOK WONDERFUL!
omg! I just ordered some for yesterday!
Such a wonderful weekend with family, water & sun. Ready to make some moves this week
If you have in head phones and I can still hear your music, then whats the point in even wearing them?
A picture can say 1000 words but it can also inspire you to write 1000 more.
"We should put our energy into designing things to make people's lives better, not to make society more emotionally infantile."
I got to go love you bye
i feel like crap today
there's also ALL of Title V, Part B (supporting charter school growth).
Well, that was fun.
That's why The Daily Show always portrays him as one!
Thanks man, stay tuned for new recordings!
When you want to get all your problems/anger out but the only person you have is the one that Hurt you!
Alum Rebekah Brandes just booked a leading role in the horror flick 'Nothing to Fear' alongside Anne Heche. will score and produce!
The original The Million Dollar Homepage inspired our actions, and there we were, trying to figure out a way we could do some good...
854? Is that his fielding percentage?
Oh and apparently I got around a $50 ticket by just working it instead. I love my job.
Come party w/ yours truly all suited up tomorrow night at Bryant Park Hotel. Vodka on the house, hot people at the table. J'say Mihai's List
Friends who are more like FAMILY made this day! I LOVE how God puts the right ppl in your LIFE @ HIS perfect time!
make that 40. I'm #40...hehehe. I am thanking my FB friends.
let's not misrepresent what happened. J wrote an extremely polite post and got clobbered for it in 2 posts by H
hmm.. For the better I hope. Mine's alright. Today's going pretty good so far :)
Tonight is going to be sick for this Special Event!
Forgiveness is th essence of the more excellent ministry. Forgiveness and healing go hand in hand throughout Scripture. Prov. 22:20-21
That is the cutest thing I have seen in a very long time - thank you!
It just keeps getting better,call me when you get time .I will be cutting the grass for a little while so leave a message
Indeed. It just says "Welcome to MVP Gold Status!" but I've had it for a few years now. Just requalified for '13 last week.
I've been training all week.
driving test tomorrow, written exam saturday. then this girl is free to drive! :D
hahaha okay! :p whatever you say!
a little nap will never hurt either ha
you awake?
bout to goto bed. 33 point lead. Gonna dvr the game just in case LA pull off a miracle
Are you watching #thevoicefinale?
I'm so sorry for your loss. Sending love your way.
Don't claim "stretched lobes" and put that shit in your bio if you're at 00. SIT THE FUCK DOWN.
I'm having a very difficult time understanding where you are or more so where A.I. is
It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood of 55 and sunny today! We will take it!
