I got 11hrs of sleep and its only 7am
is down in #brickell till 7pm. I can't finish my work. This is confusing, what should I do till 7pm????
#PLPnetwork Great day at PLP capstone event. Thanks everyone.
I just read Crush It and now I'm listening to it again!
What a beautiful day. Did some yard work this morning and leaving soon to do AIDS walk to raise money! Support your local charities.
Bucs win three in a row. 1 game under .500
Russel Martin is a good defensive catcher. But he needs to start hitting a little bit.
u watching Djones
I happen to think I'm really good at singing harmony to "We're Going to be Friends."
Had a great time at SEI's middle school rally supporting my daughter Taji w/ her Gold card honor roll having self & her friends..
RT : It's about time for my bi-yearly sheet wash // okay, that's just gross, chris
This day keeps getting better and better!
Wow the flower hustler guy I just saw peruse peruse through busboys has a visa machine on his waste band!
Come get up wit yo bro
Phew. Yankees win. I got nervous when I saw/heard 3 plays. Scott's HR and the 9th inning walk/single. I had bad mojo.
Bar Camp tonight! Beer Camp coming up 1/14. Camp is best with alcoholic refreshments we daresay.
You're really forced to reevaluate things when going to the bathroom and showering by yourself is a major accomplishment!
oo where can my ipod be i wanna go on instragram and to txt me peeps
PickUpLine: I think I could fall madly in lust with you.
I always want oysters.
He's not going to be asked. Nor should Romney pick someone as young as he is. There are more qualified options out there
I'm Your Queen, Be My King..
That's what suhsd officials r saying too! Perjury is not city business. Let the adults talk here!
Why is the word cunt offensive? backwords it's tnuc or "tuck' when you "un-tuck" it,it becomes dic and people call me dic all the time.
drew: sorry bud, OV winner in the first 3 mins
Yep and now just taught two people how to do the better version of Rammer Jammer.
Waukesha county results 8098 for Darling and 4162 for Pasch, with one precinct remaining.
I don't Even feel like it anymore ...
nothing tired! :O
Orange out for Evan today. Evan, is in my thought. But I apologize, I own no orange.
I had no idea they had crochet classes at michaels!! Very very cool
I like sparkly things
Haha I bet you were, why wouldn't you be lazy? ;) & haha you won't do anything these 4 days? ;) xo<U+2665>
WHAT UP G, HOW'S THE LIFE!!
Check out you tube channel. Great quick and easy recipes.
Glad the husker were able to get it together and come out with the w! Go Big Red Machine!
hey! I'm really wanting this challenge! we need to step up our game! KansasCity is tweeting a ton right now.
EVERYONE PLEASE GO FOLLOW YOU WON'T REGRET IT<3
Tickets for Frightmare Weekend purchased. Ready to do this! Who else will I see there?
I always said I was a moderate. Socially I lean left. Other than that I lean more to the right. Common sense moderate.
got a tooth pulled out today. ouch!
Love what I do!
Things my boyfriend and I bicker about: Double Stuf or original. Which side are you on? (I'm totes Dub Stuf.)
I'm gonna kick it natural + eat plain tots with ketchup!
the nuns from my grammar school days would weep over my handwriting
Awesome, that'd be great. (:
Doing good! Rocking the update desk//board on Sundays, we miss you here!
Well going to watch Friday the 13th
Thanks for your response. We'll have to wait to see if has anything to say...
hate when people say #jky like you might be that one last person that makes them, & what if they did how would you feel then?
What. The. Fuck. Was. That.
I agree that we are having the battle for the soul of american medicine hence
I used to do rock climbing as a youth, but I was much boulder back then.
Thanks Patti much appreciated. Just learned that has been suspended by Twitter. Sent appeal... but not optimistic.
POTUS: By 2035, we will have eliminated the damage done by the show "Jersey Shore"
then tell tim to cum...
“: We're gonna miss you. #RIPSassano”.. keep the faith, is an eagle scout, we're in good hands!
I used to love the history channel before they started showing all these silly reality shows.
That's Rosie. She was Shep/Rott mix Rescue from in 2001. Sadly passed last year. Shep head & Rott body.
Back to tally in the morning. My last weekend in the nasty
Parking avail on 5th behind Capital Grill... And then look for the and they'll scoot ya over to the Circle! Beautiful out!
omg I miss you so much! YES! we need to hang out like asap <3 I miss all our stupid shit we use to do ;(
":)" I been following him, haha
Your Mantra for the day: If actions speak louder than words I must be yelling.
Whos at Mac Miller?!
Great to hear and glad I could share it with our viewers. Keep up the great work at Calvary Austin!
Thanks for the #FF!
Why was saturday morning cartoons such a big deal when I was a little nigga?
sad day 2day 9 peeps hurt 2 died gunman entered hosptial in pgh pa 2 of my friends wrk there no ones heard from them so ...
=IF(Inbox=17 messages,"Leave Early?","Probably Won't Last")
I totally don't buy this 'it's going to snow on abq tonight!' hype.
It's one of those drinks in the hottub kinda nights.
Nice dream! RT Good morning. I just got brutally fucked in my dreams. My body hurts. So you cant tell me that shit was fake.
yo, the only girl i ever loved, fucked some nigga that i really hate.
I'm kind of scared. I told my family last night "I love dub step."
Grateful for my faith. It's gotten me thru every hardship in my life & continues to. I wish each of u faith in something bigger than urself
ahahhaa i always have too much fun with these effects
listening to beautiful classical trombone etudes don't stop!!!
agreed and maybe the top action film of all time. It was that good. Dark Knight needs to bring it.
this show or movie thingy seems interesting!!
RT : U must, MUST try the nutella and fruit pizza here! RT : $25 for $50 worth of Food and Drinks at The Merk...
I've been watching "Seinfeld" and now, I'm going to update my
I'd like an independent audit in particular. There's a clear lack of diligence and interest within the city gov't to fix this...
helping patron with computer problems
The best part about #summer has to be how much country I listen to
Who will be our first guest on 'Round the Bases? We reveal who it is on March 8! Until then let us know your guess
Where you moving?
The secret of happiness is to count your blessings, don't add up your troubles.
Registered Process Server 916-509-0677. Serving the entire Sacramento community.
FIU Football battles for the conference championship in 2 days. Happy Thanksgiving to all my fellow Panther fans.
WHY NOT? Just wondering Slash was gr8 u look to be about the age so what gives? Oh this is Twiiter u dont have too... lol
The US Tax Code, how we pay taxes to the federal government must be revised to be #fair. That's Congress' job.
Just found out I could graduate in December. What's up Bachelor's degree in 3.5 years?
easiest CMS I've ever used in terms of implementation. If you know PHP, you'll get Perch in less than an hour.
can't believe you're not going to be in town for the Fitness America contest. I'm shooting at it. Would like to have said hi
says B Corps a response to dud social sector -I strongly disagree: B Corps are response to dud for-profit sector.
just sent you a friend request.
Need another excuse to visit? RT : Randall will be our sommelier tonight, showing off our new vins de terroir wine list!
i'm bored-ishh
I feel like its gonna rumble my balls, lmao. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> &
this morning on the tv show revolution on abc. Not what you think. Will air in 2 weeks.
Make sure that your 1986th tweet goes out to me for graduating from Miami, 1989th for law school, and 1990th for my wedding.
psst... I'll never be a soldier, Badseed I'm a UNITED STATES MARINE :)
Ok. I will review. The giveaway is up btw.
Friday - but a very buzy day with 4 appointments. I should sign 3 payroll accounts today.
Confidence = impact. You have the skills, attitude, team... If anyone can make it happen you can!
B-boys make the world go 'round! Peace 2 the pioneers.
Sorry I scared you;)
Torres with a hat trick
have a great game #BBN 4 -ever
": I love you baby "really...do you really love him
love the Sacramento public library Lucky Day program. Did not know B&N nooks included, thought all were in the "hold ether"
Writing my article for INSTYLE!!!
My Oh My! You were the best Dave Niehaus. Enjoy that grand salami in the sky...
A laptop is tied to its battery as far as performance.
baggage handlers, not tsa
You changed it all for me. Life, perspective, treatment, now i cant just go out and screw anyone over.
Gangstas buy groceries, too
We apologize. Our hosting provider lost power yesterday & is having issues. We will be addressing this, we know you rely on us.
Rally time for
Perry get over it. We are not going to amend the constitution. There's bigger fish.
JP, I thought you weren't referring to me as that anymore. Why go there again?
What I just witnessed: a man chase a goose with an umbrella, beat the shit out of it, then stole its eggs. #whatadick/getalife
ok :) Always good to make new friends :)
APD:Homicide investigators haven taken over investigation of a man who suffered 3rd degree burns after woman throws pot of oil at him.
y can't this week go by faster!? im ready for the weekend!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Sometimes i wish it hadn't ended but most the time i wish i hadn't met you.
Tmw my birthday May 12th to the death of me and gettin dem new js stayin bossed up
It's okay to eat fish because they don't have any feelings. - Kurt Cobain
Gift book as cultural event, marker of class, gender, nation, technology, domesticity, ideological histories, etc.
It's funny how sometimes, wrong choices take us to the right places.
tell him to fuck off
i want a story about Izzie's daughter.
How does keep getting through on #idol... He sucks!!!!
spoon this is how you tell me you're not moving to Boston? Oh Ricky now you have some esplaining to do....
Can I just say ladies who play college volleyball > Yum
I'm hungry.
Tasting the 2010 and 2011 Barrel Aged Brrrbon with Brewer at Alchemy Project event ^aef
Just tapped, Fish Tale Brewing Organic IPA (replaces Sculler's IPA)
We target mgrs & mid-career archivists, but also professionally active ones. Shoot me an email or call (in the link)
Thank you for the #ff love my friend! Have a great weekend!!!
Then we are anxiously waiting! #culturalheritageanticipation RT : We are planning something HUGE!!! I mean HUGE!!!!!
OH, I'm so in this magical bake off ;)
Simpsonizers can't wait for Paradise
listening to King Tubby. He invented Dub. Kind of a big deal.
If you are serious about making money, visit us at www.KLRGAMECHANGERS.com
A special thanks to all the reviewers, Tri-C and our sponsors for a successful student portfolio review.
I love you. I am who I am because of you. You are every reason, every hope, and every dream I've ever had.
i love how your part in 'Follow You' starts at 1:43 ; like i loovve youu <21
Look, I don't care how many times I've been late, "retardy" is not a word. Also, you're an idiot.
RT : To be launched this week: "Progress of the World’s Women" report!! Stay tuned & follow
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> RT : I ain't seen one weave on this bitch yet this ain't Pittsburgh
im in the mr Brayers room,where are you?
I had no reason to think otherwise. Maybe I'm too gullible, LOL!
End of Cinderella's getting closer to release!!
In other, more important news, go IU Marching Hundred!! #superbowl //cc
*waves church fan*
On the bus blowed and shit
waiting for Friday -- will it never come?
i am soo shy , but i'll try ok?
All Fenway locations, including are closed today for Patriots' day. We will re-open tomorrow.
Madness ensuing on #Clark Street early as the #Cubs host the #WhiteSox!!. Come by Red Ivy Sports Club and enjoy our #Tailgate Garden!
I believe it!
It would be BRILLIAM if you gave me a birthday shout out! X
i don't have your number, i got a new phone. text me
Yes the weather been nice on LA. tan not really haha. :)
“ RT Ha woman should be loved,respected and honor 365 days of the year and 366 in a leap year”
plus, I can't imagine that it will make a huge impact on the hiring process -- esp. in academia
Looking at old school amplifiers.
this is twitter... half the population is people with dirty minds(x (oh.. and we go to school.. lol)
I don't like that
Isn't that what is supposed to do for u? Train him now! That way, he gets up @ 3am to change diapers in a few yrs
Follow he needs 25 more
I just signed up for as well, thanks for spreading the word on that. excited.
Tgif enjoy your weekend
in boulder at Centro. well- this is different :)
#Chelseafc! We're going to Munich! Fernando Torres is a gazelle!
\o/ <~~~~ I throw my hands up in the air sometimes, singing aye yo
"If you are going to tell people the truth, you'd better make them Laugh. Otherwise they'll kill you" --George Bernard Shaw
hell yeah I will <3
Just played "Waltz #2" by Elliott Smith on the guitar. That is a very sad song, but timeless. I miss Elliott Smith.
And you also tend to end up where you belong, it would seem.
community garden workday this sunday! 12-4pm Mulch On!
haha its all good
I want somebody to kik me :/
I am actually surprised that people are afraid to give me negative feedback on my writing. I can't get better without it
pilates <U+2713>. thanks for the push.
I wish more people were like they're amazing. (: <3
Tailor made<3
Petals and Thorns my new cd is available on CD Baby and iTunes
Happy Halloween from the staff at Azarmehr & Associates, PC!
Can everyone follow (that's my personal acct) and give me a shoutout PLEASE
if anything its worse.
go to hell!!
dude, we've never even played you
We're having an exciting day w/our new #iPhones! Busy loading/updating all of our contacts, calendars, & maps so that we can serve u better!
..i spelled best wrong in that last tweet and twitter wont delete it.
just had a great idea
Headed to church. Remembering all the ppl who've poured blood, sweat, and tears for
Yahoo plans to double Olympic coverage, aims for fourth straight gold medal for total visitors
We were at a table right by the front door, I assumed you knew what I looked like and would come up and say hi. We'll try again!
I just got Pink Chiffon 2nite! I smell like candy! It's amazing!
cool -- show me? :) hope I didn't miss something obvious?
South Doyle boys???
ditto kiddo .
We do need to give ourselves that permission, , and we can't wait for others to grant it to us.
Haha!! Exactly! Thanks, by the way, for the RT
honestly taken is a masterpiece. It's my last right now with the nats game. Soon as we close it out i'm going to taken full time.
Lunch in raleigh
Another fantastic week at Lotus Nightclub - Albuquerque's Best Danceclub!!! Thanks everyone for your support!!!
Watching #Nats-#Dodgers--two best-now NL teams. Occurs to me Kemp is only position player on either team who would start for
You're most welcome!
Something for you to take home, and keep the stress level low in the next committee meeting :)
Unreal. No security cameras? RT : Someone keyed our Range Rover Autobiography. $150k car. No big deal. Assholes!
look up at the top of the conversation dummy
Its Sunday time
more Beeker in the next movie please
#GreenTeam pick that shit up, unite
everybody go follow !!! ill give you a shout out if you go follow her
Starting to... I usually get scissor happy in the spring... Trying not to cut it this year.
I need a personal assistant lol :)
happy birthday! :) x
Why am I eating ice cream at this time?
I LOVE that show. I love it more since I didn't expect to enjoy it so much. It busts my laughing guts & makes me go hmm.
Thunder smacking the lakers around
Extreme Rules isn't until the 29th.
I just hope 132 doesn't show itself in the 5pm hour today on this line. LOL!
Also I am not a huge magic fan but I am still wondering how Jared did that juice trick.
I'm giving away copies of "Housekeeping" by Marilynne Robinson for #WorldBookNight today.
Ok, I love me some Oasis. But, yeah.
be easy on that! Ull let time get away from u!
#spreadlove, RT this instead of some of the dumb stuff that trends here, what will you do to make a difference!?!
My grandma need to hurry up!!! Forgot all bout today.....I was bout to take a good nap too -__-
All I wanted when I was little was to be a Solid Gold dancer. Wouldn't work now unless there was a show called Solid Goth.
WHY SHE TALK SMACK? THREATS DON'T SIT WELL WITH ME. "I WILL PUNCH U BY ACCIDENT ON PURPOSE!" NOW SAY SOMETHING ELSE!
“: Just cried my eyes out finishing Their Eyes Were Watching God #sogood” loser!!
I really don't enjoy having a swollen face.
Today in Literary History: On February 25, 1917 Anthony Burgess (author of A CLOCKWORK ORANGE) was born in England.
gettin the #fam back together tonight?
what it do
Happy New Year Fashionistas! Start it off right with a closet ReVamp! New Year, New Stylish You! Email us at
Sitting on van floor feeding fast food burgers to kids who are staring at movie. Check check #388 & #389 "things ill never do when im a mom"
Apples, apple cider, cider doughnuts. How wonderfully complementary they are!
would you be interested in listing a story about our recent #HomelessSummit that focused on #homelesschildren & their education?
how do u losers get a 100+ followers? Jean Paul hasnt even hit a 100 conversations with females in his life.
The principles of true art is not to portray, but to evoke. ~Jerzy Kosinski
Yeah! So happy to have Joe and here! ": The #Broncos have agreed to terms to re-sign linebacker Joe Mays.”
Stuck! #Obama security detail. I think I'm going to be late to lunch with the
#aurariagsa be sure to vote today!
just farted on her mom!
I bet. is ty there? I wanna try something.
You & were awesome on - enjoyed watching u 2 compete again. Big supporter! Congrats on top 3!
I want to take this opportunity to wish all the mothers out there A HAPPY MOTHERS DAY, and even though mine is no longer in this life, a da…
Yes!! Rocky 3 is on. Mr. T was a bad ass back in the day. "Remember the neighborhood Rock!"
I wanna go see #TheLorax , #ProjectX and #TheHungerGames ..I need to find a movie buddy :D
Trying to get healthy community around me, be sure to follow
RT I swear it rains every year on the Thursday before Mardi Gras. #Muses is cursed.
sometimes when you're poor you're forced to cut your own hair.
Ok. I think I just linked twitter to facebook. YAY. Stay tuned for the release of all new Skin Care products from KUMANI. Coming VERY soon!
Of course my f***ing dad texts my bf! Why cant I just be happy?!
well... you wont be here for another 2 weeks or so.
Sunshine and warmth in February? Sounds like
I saw that on Valentine's w my date and I was VERY disappointed lol but she enjoyed the MANY shirtless Channing Tatum scenes
hey Mike!
would also recommend Block's later work "Stewardship" for posing powerful questions
is running for president
I'm in love with my guy I don't need another man in my face ever. If you can't just have yo chick be single
Great job!
Just got my first bit of Google Chat spam, a sad request from a fake sexxxigurlname
Lmao my own friends unfollowed me. Y'all some ASSHOLES
Ma says I can take the car tonight to see :0
She told me you had another gr8 #edcampcincy! Congrats. Wish I could have been there.
I followed
There’s nothing like kicking back with the Kindle and sinking into the best story. That’s why I’m in the “emotobooks” Revolution.
Great job! All the best in the upcoming events!
He says the actions are particularly insensitive to Catholic French Canadians, who are potential allies.
better than reviews let on. The action is what was important and it was great
Student, looking at me as she filled out the end-of-semester course evaluation: "what's your name, again?" I think I had an impact.
A Mexican wins the Kentucky Derby!! It's a Cinco de Mayo miracle.
happy birthday!!!! :) ur so amazing and sexy and talented!!! I love u!!!! 22
RT : Another 3 tons of garbage removed from Oliver by & That's 59 tons
Ditto! Looking forward to our #FSU trip! RT : Happy birthday to one of our outstanding accountants, !!!
adding it to my list!
Gotta go watch Harry Potter with my little ones. BBL!
Great to hear! Share the word with your friends RT via : definitely count on mine!
On the phone with the bestie
thank goodness you haven't forsaken too!
r yu goin to miri bear party for her brother? miri said yyu sarai and alot of ppl from school going
tell him to follow bam!
KCJA Jazz Night Out event on Friday, March 4 @ R Bar from 8:30 - 11:30 pm, Dan Bliss and Ron Fleeman are playing, hope to see you there!
Linda Adams, Climate Action Reserve: the further away the offset, the more controversial; how do you know the forest is there?
RT : There's too many baby showers, not enough weddings....too many funerals, not enough graduations.
Morning to all my Patriot friends been working of late but trying to get back to the work of saving America from
thank u :)
Get Naked !
It's Eat What You Want Day so treat yourself at #lunch. We're thinking French Dip, Lamb Burger or Grilled Skirt Steak.
... the greatest instrument of worship is the heart; that's where it all begins! Proverbs 4:23
dont get cursed over the internet before your bday. spend the last of being 20 right.
Peace, Love, and Happiness for All around the World!
Another 3-2 count, this time on Helton; Vogey's up to 63 pitches already
I woke up wondering if I had spent way too much time writing about nuclear bombs yesterday >.>
Think about cost in pre-tax income. That $30 dinner probably cost around $40 or more pre-tax. How many hours did you work for that dinner?
At kids orthodontist and they have Finding Nemo on. Scene right now is craziness at dentist. Questionable movie choice?
Thanks C-dawg!! #FF the man, the legend because he makes awesome designs and is an expert cat juggler :)
#Ridiculousness is on now with New season check it out!
My head is spinning looking at everyone's tweets. need to get used to it.
#hair gurus: any tips on how to get a joan harris (nee holloway) esque updo?
Nothing Is Impossible!!!
Right back atcha!
Bye, you Tigers! You've been punked.
Playing WPT main at the bicycle today... $3700 5 day mtt... lets get through the day with a nice stack :-)
Just filled out my volunteer application for ! Running helped me overcome so much as a young girl, I'm excited to share it w/ others!
By the time a man realizes that maybe his father was right, he usually has a son who thinks he's wrong. -Charles Wadworth
#IWantYouTo give me a chance
There is simply no one qualified for that job.
Follow us back Blake Thanks
Yeah, I knew it was gone right when it froze. I was so pissed lol.
we need to hook up soon to party it up babe!!! Miss ya !!
I'm pretty sure the espresso I had this morning is kicking in now. On an emailing and homework spree.
Take a chill pill? Don't mind if I do.
Mayor daley may have stolen a lot of tax payer money, but I'll let him off cuz of all the parks and trees he added to this great city
Way to go cubbies!
It'd be awesome if you could pick how you want your mini's at the burger joint. Still great though.
...and come to think of it, I don't really have anything of value anyway, so 99c was probably overpaying. #OhWell!
Not talking about you, just talking about what you do to me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
i was going to anyway
thanks I aim to please
Life Doesen't Come With A GPS, And It Should'nt. You need to know exactly what direction you're heading.
Everybody has that one person they wish they could unfuck...
Good morning! You awake? We are! Meredith is getting you moving at her Power Yoga class today at 7-8am in Midtown!
Hospital gowns suckk! CAT scan here I come! (: brian nothing better be wrong with you!
Look at this negro David Stern smirking while subliminally announcing that the season is over
Guy just walked into Bar + Kitchen and ordered 2 screwdrivers & a Tom Collins.....if only you realized!!!
NO MO LET DOWNS.
We will need to discuss this tomorrow. Except that I won't be in, so I'll let it slide. This time.
Clearly, y'all rock!
Have Your move done easy, fast & cheap! We beat any licensed mover in Long Island!!! Minimum work : 2movers + truck+ 2hours = $210!!!
Check out www.twistaid.com! We make opening water bottles easy!
Apparently there is a Duxiana store here. $12k bed, holy crap! It was nice, but not $12k nice. I think I like Stearns & Foster better.
Followed. And thank you for the follow
"Born to please, beware I will tease. Down for whatever, not lookin' for forever. #BossBitchFacts"
The will win tonight!
They'll both be solid, nothing special, but Fuller's size and Streeter's speed will give them a spot in the league.
Good morning
RT!!!!!! everyone who is following me now, please hit that follow button and follow my new account !!!!!!
. says its in-arguable that improvements to education are needed
I checked around to see if Family Guy is on the market yet. Sorry to tell you it is not. But I'll keep searching. Tweet ASAP
oh? lol and I have a British cap xD
Cool doesn't even begin to describe it! Tell your friends and colleagues; we <3 us some librarians!
I love Kim Burrell's voice and everything but she's just singing random stuff.
Ryan Braun is a cheater! FACT! RT : Ryan Braun has his own clothing line through Affliction Clothing.
Last night
Denver do it do it do it win or go home
I'm not against a cornerback in the 1st round, however the best thing for a secondary is a good pass rush.
you know it's summer when you begin to sweat while you simply brush your teeth. how do you know it's summer?
yes, because clearly they have the same customer demographic
What we're witnessing is not #politics as usual, but insanity. And America's real problems sit on hold. NO PAY UNTIL WE HAVE A DEAL!
Praise the Lord! Celebrating today's 10K with one of PA's finest creations: Ale from So fine.
“: Good morning!” Good afternoon now,have a great day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
and we thought the Lord Sanchez hype was bad. Unbelievable!
You know you go to a ghetto school when kids pass out in the hallway from smoking too much weed LOLL
MAHOMIES LET'S TREND #HackedbyMamaMahone FOR :) NOW!!!!!!!
YOU HAVE TO BE KIDDING ME. SHE IS FREAKING AMAZING. I DON'T WANT TO LIVE IN THIS WORLD ANYMORE.
Am i crazy in thinking that deserves a Michelin Star?
2 miles this AM- only 98 more to go...at once...sigh
AZ a bit thin at guard next year with Mayes, Johnson, York and Parrom (sg/sf).. Some opportunity in that rotation for u!
RT : Heats move on to the next round
“: Can't wait to see my buddies at Adair's tonight!” We can't wait to see our buddy Gruber!
hey Khloe how is Lamar handling being out of the playoffs
i hope you'll love it! It was a Feb IndieNext List pick, Amazon pick of the month, and Pennie pick at Costco.
hi I'm awkwward.
morning, Tina! Had a blast this week. Safe travels back to the Fort & I 'll let you know this week when i'll be stopping by ;-)
= extremely talented and beautiful. Js(:
Rain Rain Go Away
that was such a kind message. Thank you!!
none of us are perfect in our decision making, the idea is to just try your best
My kingdom for some commented code somewhere. Thousands of lines of code and not a comment or a header to be found
Bitches @ Packers...we gotta get a today we have to get the running game going early, ST have to be on point, D bring pressure.
unfortunately I will not be able to attend
Jared Sullinger gets himself into trouble on Twitter. He really doesn't know LeBron is a touchy subject with Ohioans?
and how did I get on the list in the first place?
RT : "Be a little bit wiser baby. Put it on, put it on. Cuz tonight is the night when two become one" yes.
Hey, look, Chub$ up 6-4 on Taint Louis in the 9th...
: Barkley: "It's going to be very difficult for (Russell) Westbrook to win the Skills Contest because he has to pass the ball."
BC party!! Whoop whoop LOL
Its all politics
#AADIGITAL Question for Adam Bain: Which industries are you excited to work with and transform in 2011?
God, It's hotter in my house than it is outside
ooohh i see what u did there :D
#wakeup Gotta Get Up.JILL SCOTT
George Herbert~ Love and a cough cannot be hid.
was that a complete pass? I think so. But not in the end zone.... Whatcha think???
'Ego' equals 'Injury' in exercise. CG Philosophie.
yaaaay ! Congrats ! Miss you !
Nice block by Montero!
I'm going to go out on a limb and predict Game 6 of Rangers-Caps series is going to be a nailbiter.
Not another crazy plan! Yes here it is.. Moorea Friday, change n take a quick shower, then join us on the Beach for THE BRAVERY performance!
Facebook winners today are Shane Kennedy, Tony Pshenichnykh, Patricia Williams, Rocio Lopez, Anthony Ybanez! Contrats and see u at the show.
sigh I hope so too. But I'm a big girl. I can handle that. I think lol thank you best friend!
hm ur right . On a level it is misleading because all corps., don't necessarily engage in practices which endanger others
Haha. Who was it?
Disappointment in local restaurant quality is going to convert me to part time vegetarian.
#IfWomenDidNotExist men wouldn't have opportunities to earn points with the ladies by writing something chivalrous with this hashtag.
Follow to see what ARTstor’s Gretchen Wagner has to say about #copyright and
Win or lose you still make your hometown proud!!!
good luck tonight bro!
Oh hello new followers! Shoot us a tweet, let's chat!
I do four days a week, I've been slacking lately though
“: “: I've only seen three of my classmates since graduation.” ):” Feel the same way.
Any chance of bringing back the light blue color? Would love to see that as at least a 3rd jersey.
Scorpio words for today: You are not responsible for everyone's happiness!!!
#Appreciation 2day for the opp to take time for myself, walk, feel the pulse of the city & read a book on a beautiful day
shadyside trappin wit we get alot of money we spend it all on drugs lets go come outcha crib we rollin
I am a big weepy mess.
let's hang out next weekend. Except I'm busy Saturday.
Can't sleep >.< as always
The Heat are going down!!!!!
Pete Campbell is such a goober sometimes.
#20ThingsAboutMe 10. I'm quiet & shy!! (When I'm not watching a Sooner or Thunder game) lol
A3a Proactive s/b meeting, unfortunately, for most it's exceeding ..
So if I have an outdoor fire should I call you first?
I Want To Ride My Bicycle I Want To Ride My Bike I Want To Ride My Bicycle I Want To Ride It Where I Like
Happy 420! Everyone deserves a much-needed break and celebration now and then!
check your email.
Sorry I haven't been posting my story! When we got hacked I couldn't post and I've just been too busy to post any. I'll start back soon.
Thank you
What's your title?
i don't want to know, i'm covering my virgin ears (/-_-\) xD
Sadly yes but we love you anyway : Always in a good mood when I hear the bee gees. am I my fathers daughter or what??
Dear - love you more than words. You =
what me? Never! (;
now I do!
Itchin' for some spring cleaning in my closet for new summer clothes...
sure did and just like my team, he doesn't have a ring either
Want tickets to Avnenue Q at ? Follow and watch for the giveaway deets.
I love it
RT : #100factsaboutme 30. I don't speak spanish, but I sure dance like it!! // #thatswhatmatters lol
I like Cheese on my Burger at the Same Damn Time
Don't wait until you're developing health conditions to drink alkaline water. Many diseases develop over a long period of acid buildup.
Nutrition Truth: You will not be able to out train your poor eating habits.
Bouta make that trip to Denver...damn I really need a CD player in my car! O_o
and often bullies don't think of what they're doing to others as bullying...totally ambivalent to harm they're causing
And the "Ham” Burger and Big Bacon Blue’s and Filthy Five Cheeses and “Fisher’s” Chili Cheese Burger. Bound to have a burger lunch today.
Off to Mexico!
WAYNE_LAUDER=style like me certified video(BENEF1T-FILMZ)....2012-2013:MAKE SURE YOU CHECK THIS OUT AND HIT THE LIKE BUTTON!
Aunt Jemima pancake flour, invented in 1889, was the first ready-mix food to be sold commercially
Omg I avoid the people who smell bad lol its just not right to not bath
Who do you want to win the #worldseries?
#ff Will the new Ipad be covered by insurance companies, you think?
Is that thunder roaring overhead?
I just wanna sleep the rest of the day!
hahaha, our opinions differ on that. I don't place that much importance on wanting or having children.
ya know it's all well and good that breitbart is a worm's feast now, but limbaugh should've dropped dead decades ago.
Happy Halloween everyone!
have a safe flight! Let me know when u land!
Hmm, not sure if I want to see the washed-up indie dad rock bands headlining Bunbury. I'll wait till the supporting bands get announced.
you are too sweet!
RT now that says it all, Sarah:) wonderful, across fr Frederick Douglass estate, keeping history, culture alive!
follow me plz i had a bad day u would make me better if u followed me
thank you for the RT:)
There's daggers in men's smiles. - William Shakespeare
Press a toy in the store; toy won't stop making noises.... Walk away, walk away.
<U+FFFD>Don't worry about the world coming to an end today. It is already tomorrow in Australia.<U+FFFD>
Hey! I'm right here!...I think. Apologies, I'm working with a new company as well as the gunns. BUSY!
#OneThingILove is seeng u in my life everyday
Ah! I'll be in NY the weekend after that! Hopefully I can catch one in your next round of workshops.Really appreciate the tutorials!
fool get over to did table doggy!!
Catholics in rural Wisconsin vs NYC vote differently. They do. Statistics verify. -
you're awesome. just wanted to tell you that. (:
Happy to see you today during the show!
Dude omg this show right now
follow back?
could not sleep, went to Rasputin, It was a great decision,
Rethinking my options
Fire the Congress! We can do there job better than they can!
My goal this week is to NOT eat rice and drink atleast 60oz of water a day. So far so good. :D
Monday Mantra: "Dreams are necessary to life. " ~ Anais Nin
Good morning & God bless you, Dezman. Have a great day today!
I'm in my own zone
it is a subscription channel.
-OMG!! He over exaggerating over a hat? The pics are done nd published!!
thanks for the follow, I really look forward to some positive tweets from you.
Austin airport
Who remembers 'The Amanda Show' ? <3
If you're late to the game, Azealia Banks flows hard--definitely going to get big. Check out her song "212" if you haven't.
that feels like decades ago I feel so old yet im only 18..
HAPPY BIRTHDAY and
it's been sunny! Oh and stormy
Big party June 3 at the W Hotel. Charity event for I Love Schools. Visit www.thepapercastle.com for info.
Thanks for the RT! Have a super day!
Bein nice is gettin me nowhere. Imma stop holdin my tongue and tiptoeing around ppl. They will see the true me and they wont like her.
If it weren't for the last minute, nothing would get done...
Thank God for booty warmers. Freezing outside.
Previously mentioned loud party is still going on. Over 5 hours now if "thump thump thump"
aw:-( find something heavy to lift xD
Having lunch with my sister and mother.
Science exam today (-_-)z
Used 2 be a used 2
which movies do we need to see prior to Avengers?
Today feel the freedom of moving any way your body wants to. Feel your life force inside you as you move.
Hilarious. Well done.
I've used that excuse too many times. RT "Whenever you're late for something just say, "Sorry, I was getting an abortion""
remember the time I used a mousepad for a hotpad?
Whoa did you guys see that? Knicks almost had a stop
Sometimes well wishes and "hugs" are not helpful but extremely irritating and unhelpful.
Never mind going to the moves
$200k is just for UH's broker - Public Radio Capital. How much do you think Rice University is paying THEIR broker?
Just ask Madison's pimp for a job lol
says if you want to #dogood, DO IT!
AGREED! RT : I liked the show, but felt that they are bored with the new album.
Break through your limitations. Transform your weakness into a strength. It is only a limitation in YOUR mind.
10:10 - The most common time on an analog watch in advertisements, cuz it looks like a smile
Disney....I think yes <U+E328>
Miller got better, CW is studio only. Tirico sounds generic. RT : Tirico>>>Chris Webber and Reggie Miller
joy to our world. Let's bring the rest along w us and keep em sane, y'all.
The upgrade to a suite at was great, but the fact that my room key STILL doesn't work is very frustrating.
dont sleep on him man... hit up A dot L!!!!!
correction: they all look "spiffy" lmfao
What's worse than a disabled train? Getting stuck behind the disabled train.
Sunday is a day of rest, church and today some Football
Have a bday coming up and want to celebrate at some of the livest clubs in VA or DC email full name & number to
What did u think of #RAWTonight?
Amazing to be up going into halftime after that diastrous first quarter.
Read no history: nothing but biography, for that is life without theory
the royals bet not lose to the cubs i promise if they do ima go on strike
be back Saturday. #bestfriend What?
I had a dream the other day that I was back in Miami.
hahahaha. Well, I offered!
And when i hear 'Forever or never' i think of Yu and Kiro kissing and im all like -Pelvic thrust-
If I can get and 2 follow me.......i will be THE happiest man alive...
Having to play for a game that is yet to [
Losing playoff games is for the birds.
don't be mad now lol. Good game tho.
Hm....Thanks! But, not to be a jag, but which article specifically?
RT : Good morning! We are another day closer to
#FF bc he's gorgeous & is full of amazing advice!
What #health or #fitness questions can we answer for you?
I know YOUR abstract was fantastic. Hope to see you at
True that lady! :-) The weather has been awful here... Ugh, I hope the sun comes out soon.
Text bice to 90210 for freebies, specials, events, and promotions!
dude, I just finished season one last night. you have no idea
Not that I'm complaining, but why does the school block YouTube in waves. Like right now it's not blocked.
Welcome to twitter.
Fatal Crash: Semi vs Car-HWY 56 and 284th in Randolph Township, MN. FOX 9 News will have more details as they become avail
Unknown~ Talent does what it can genius does what it must.
Thanks for the RT friends!
Sure. What baby doesn't want to go on #phish #couchtour?
My neighbors take such good care of their lawn. It makes my lawn look like crap.
Thanks we look forward to you stopping in!
At Canton Jones birthday party with Candy and My wife
#ICantStandWhen someone accuses me of something I did not do.
don't feel bad, I don't know how to add on spotfly either
such a tease. Lol.
I feel like I just did the worst thing possible..
Open caskets freak me out
Hey it's Phillip Hawkins and I am a promoter for the Palm's Casino resort Nightclubs Reply for VIP guest list
$20 million! Now that's just crazy!
Great youth coaching = USA Woman's soccer #1 in the WORLD“: crikey did the US Women's team really beat DR 14-0? that's nuts.”
can Danielle Panabaker BE any more attractive!?
BRAVO that! I could handle THAT! I know my kids,but it still scares me!My nightmare is anyone in my basement doing nothing.
#kids Mother's Day Champagne Brunch Hilton Park Cities in OPIO at Hilton Dallas/Park Cities, Sun, May 13 11:00a: Featuring Omelet...
You are every thing to me n wen i close my eyes its u i see
mouth watering!!!
aw that sounds totally fun.
I never realized how boring my job is until the day I forgot my ipod at home...
dats watup yo. we need ta link up sometime.
yikes, sorry i was caught up in the Columbus Day fun and didn't see this until now... next time I'd love to
why thank you lol
Jealous of the girls in RNG . BAILEY<3
<3 Love u buddy :)
Sitting next to my bestfriend, :)
#DelonteWest is gettin ready for a banging weekend !!!
I'm bored
Thanks eveyone for coming to #DesignBizChat today - I'm going to end it here because of the spammers. Perhaps we can continue another time?
AND I got hit in the face, but its al good
It may be cold, but here in Portland Pearl the sun is shining and the sky is blue, beautiful.
we think so too! one day for sure bro!!
When was the last time you thought of me? Or have you completely erased me from your memory?
YES. With one movie they can just lose some of the slow/boring parts and a bit of the moping.
Lol I crack myself up hahahahahahaha
I will break the law if it means I get to charleston in front of the 1 train for two hours with my ladies
Gun Range RT Paintball or Gun Range?
does it hurt !? I'm thinking about getting mine done !
Watching last nights #Idol horrible why do they make them do greats that like that none of them were any good sad sad sad it's so bad
Skrillex is a beast
they are a mile long!
y los profesores y
They know what they're talking about
If people are too stupid to go to the reference desk, they're probably too stupid to be helped.
Helping my brother with his social studies project....I wish school was still this easy
looking forward to the Microtheater Miami project opening this week at
I found a picture of you in 6th !
I'm supposed to be here thru the last session, but I'd be OK to go any time after that. possibly sooner.
Holy rainstorm Batman!
too cool too care
Winston Churchill said this man saved Western Civilization. Hint: He was a school teacher
Im socially awkward >.<
Fuck. Knew I forgot something at home. -.-
I recently considered following a few ppl because I`ve been flirting w/ 100 followers for a while now & kinda want it
Good Thursday morning world!! Thank God for allowing me to see this day that He has made. I'm going to rejoice and be glad in it
Not having reception in the office <<<<<< -__-
i had soo many guys . sorry you didnt see cause you got one , jackson .
hilarious sir. And a class act that kernen
Just chillen at home in bed tried from talking all night lol
The biggest challenge in life is to be yourself in a world that is trying to make you like everyone else.
Marinating chicken is the BEST use for buttermilk. Om nom nom!
Today is the big day if you want to win a prize from NABJ tune into twitter at 8:30p.m.
Oh, shocker, Jimmy Fallon couldn't hold it together during a sketch.
Wow! Thanks & for the amazing call about being present. I always have an issue with nerves when auditioning!
i loooovveee BeyOnce, that girl is BAD !!!.. got 2 see her in concert!she need to come to sac again!
Rainy day & Monday for $100 Alex. How does a bad day start?
Meek Mill Dream Chaser 2 good Mixtape.... But majority of the songs sound exactly the same ... Flow the same on each song... Pretty standard
what should I do today?
well why else would you want to go to NYC?
I wonder how it would be to go through life addressed as "Lady Queen."
Love Lady A but what did "If you don't know me by now" have to do with their other songs?
Go Badgers! (#Vanderbilt #Wisconsin)
just stop....
" It has been my observation that most people get ahead during the time that others waste. "
My lil Wade is sleeping in! He's not a morning baby! Wyatt and I? up bouncing off the walls trying not to disturb sleeping beauty.
fairly AWESOME, you mean
I'm your Bonnie && your my Clyde - except I'm way cuter and we do not get caught <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008B>
sweet like a sugar cube. hahahaha
heck no
u still pretty I see lol
Forever is never really forever without the ones you love most
Helene has been my bookkeeper for the past several years. Her work ethic and knowledge of Quickbooks is excellent. She hustles to get her j…
tell me what u want and nothing more
I need to go see dark shadows...I love Tim Burton movies
doing well. Moving back to Utah in May.. looks like I'll be seeing you around again?
Mission statements, oy.
an a list event crowd at #teawithE tomorrow! XOXO
How soon can you get here? Wanna drink our way around Epcot tomorrow?
yo tonight going to c justin bieber cool :
In the words of the great Ben Franklin, INDIGO TREE PUBLISHING urges you to: Write something worth reading or do something worth writing.
Me to!
We hold our auditions in February and start training in March. Send me an email and I will be in touch nxt February!
I hope not. If I am, birth control has failed me epically. Lol.
Awaiting your song request from Ultra! RT : Back to my regular Chicago style. Thirsty Thursday Trivia!
I think that you had the most amazing younow EVER!! #ImAlexsGirl was #1 Ill tweet u the pick (: <U+2665>
Getting it
I support ! You should too!
Is that the speech you just gave to your wards?
He would support any. This Clinton is the man that ushered in NAFTA.
Learn Chinese for the day: <U+7C89><U+7EA2><U+8272> (<U+7C89><U+7D05><U+8272>) [fenhóngsè] pink
In a pet store I was mistaken for another customer. Clerk tried to hand me a bag of live crickets. Just a tad startling...
My computer's battery is so messed up, but it is an excuse to be outside on such a surprisingly beautiful day!
I followed them ;)
Wanna get out and do some good? Volunteer for a clean-up at Farring-Baybrook Park on Sat., 9/10. More info: Rob Catlin
Please follow 4 news about the renewable energy tech expo in #Ward7 at HD Woodson #STEM High School, #DeanwoodDC, 16 June 2012
Nothing like #MW3 noobs on Christmas morning
virtual console
#ALOUDTOP3 1. Biology // 2. The Show // 3. Sexy! No No No.../Something Kinda Oh
Today is the day of the woman and my Birthday Day,if you follow me you make me happy :) 15
The Midas List? Yeah, sure, &amp; I'm Brad Pitt - GigaOM
Just got the word that Robin's maiden aunt wants a pic of both of us for her fridge. I'm officially a made man...
Gonna have a new neice soon... (:
I'm gonna be late though. Must. Get. Up.
The Rams have taken the lead over the #Aztecs 39-36 with under a min in the half.
Some of our dearest friends are grieving this hour. Their precious newborn baby was carried into the arms of Jesus 2day. Will you pls pray?
Good thinking there Sandy,.... good thinking.
Swimming in my sweats XD damn surgery takes a toll
Hi to our newest followers! We anticipate volunteering with you #Boston. Thank you!
New fantasy inspired watercolors soon to come to my etsy! Favorite shop now to see them added! W.shadowglacier.etsy.com
Ragtime at Duke blew me away. Great performers and the large all-cast numbers were incredible!
knotty librarian has been officially copyrighted :) i know have legal rights
Gotta look good for the New Vision!! Time for the breakthrough!!! Soldier for Christ!!
COME ON
When Michelle slaps me in the face with Doritos and then sits next to me to munch out >>
great video!
Omg your behind me right now
cool story bro
You're not the person that I knew back then
Nothing says mainstream like having your playoff games on CNBC. League cannot get out of its own way sometimes
Beer is better. Domestic, Light and Cold.
never tried it
only if we can do a spoof of Troy about your Achilles tendon. #badpun hahaha you got it, Don Cornfatherone
Over 650 #AEDs found lets try to get to 700 by the end of the weekend.
#ThingsIDislike bratty little kids >.<
The O.W.S. was a Quantum Leap Event:Now I know who my friends are and who my enemies are.
Thanks for the turbulence free flight, Capt. Tom Striker (real name? No way.)
how long does it go? I may stop by around 8pm.
Almost done with speaker rehearsals for on 11.11! wow have they poured their heart out.
You even got a lawyer? I'd love to speak to him/her. When you become a man, let me know.
Leading Online Retailer Selects inContact
i am in hs and i love sports and stats how can i become a sports statistician like you?
I'll be the first to admit a woman is beautiful when I see one. But if your ugly, then your just ugly.
Kemba Walker's only double-double this season was a triple-double (1/28 vs Wizards).
Love me some for brunch, every single weekend!
“We’re just two consenting adults having fun, there’s no emotional attachment.
Aye babe my phone off until tomorrow. It went off while we were texting. smh
Trruueee truee but the Jonas Brothers used to be the shitt
I am a fan of WorldCat identities and looking for ways to incorporate it into the world of prosopoggaphy. Proso what, you may ask?
This hit me at the wrong time... Smh
Getting a headache from searching for jobs. I guess I'll do my actual work now.
the fat blue fox jumped past the boring dog.
fantastic! You're welcome. Love the "Chick-fil-a friendly" mention, & being the "HQ of Hope".
Working all day and night. Works so hard everyday.
"los angeles" - the audition
Ok Orioles Fans! Enough already! Let's hold a "occupy Camden Yards"!! Maybe that will get that tight-ass Angelos out!
at least the warm weather makes exam time a bit more bearable ;)
haha ok I'll be sure to ask
Help! a friend of mine is hitting a roadblock every step of the way trying to get SAG. Anyone have a surefire way to get in or get vouchers?
OMG. Want. You totes know my style!
RT : RT : These are the final days to enter! Big Baby #Contest don't misses out...
pretty kitty Lima!! :)
!! RT : This new video we're about to come out with is looking smooth. is doing his numbers chopping it up.
#sometimeswhenigetbored I picture what certain peoples pubic area looks like.
I dont wanna live that way
PETA calls it the delicacy of despair...I hope that's not foreshadowing your teams outcome.
saw the Google street view car taking street views yesterday. The camera ball is red and taller than I expected.
will be back for idol next year!!!!
Post run snack of chocolate milk and slice of leftover homemade pizza! Still feel like passing out on the couch.
Top Gun!
Ashy ankles bother the hell out of me and I always end up right behind a dry ass pair whenever I'm in a line. I want to cheese grade it off
I am well, thank you. Lots of projects underway with some hefty deadlines approaching. You?
"All Will Be Well" by Gabe Dixon
THIS RT : ***Insert depressing quote from a book that a girl didn't read but still shares with the world***
REALLY SERIOUS bloody mary craving
I was as lost as you are until I did.
Michael And Mason Ain't Come Tho.
use the code "socialmedia" if you'd like $10 off tickets :)
really lol it was good
About to head into class. ugh, we were supposed to read a whole book this week, and finish it by today, I didn't even start :O
Happy birthday,
After the Agony of Youth, the Ecstasy of Surfing - New York Times
hahaha that way he can be someones bitch
I thought it was Tuesday lol
When muthafuckas are having women problems and ask me what they are doing wrong I tell em they don't have enough in they life
It was soo good:-) Favorite Avenger?
People always argue when someone goes thru their phone!!!!
I just did a Native American rain dance.
When a friend is speaking look them in the eye focus on their energy give your complete focus to them as if no one else in the world exists
is looking forward to all the new beats that came out of ultra 2012 should be some goodies!
My co-worker spoke to BLS this morning.
ahh! I see. Yes nightside keeps me tucked in much later than that!
Hey and I saw one of your parking enforcement officers speeding and running lights KstNE between N Cap and 8NE. DC6772. 10:20pm
Is it me or can you feel ALL the positive energy in the world Thu-Sat? Sunday is eh but it leads to the dreaded Monday.
Well it's official, I just finalized the purchase of 130K shares of News Corp. Stock at $13.67 per share! Doing it again next month too!
RT ": Kevin Garnett: "We're not dirty, we're firm. We play aggressive, but we're not dirty." #Celtics #Hawks #NBAPlayoffs"
MY BROTHER DIRTY !!!!!! L M F A O . Ole nasty ass.
Analysis paralysis: Don’t let endless analysis get in the way of getting things done. True innovation is the result of action.
What has been your benefit of using Linkedin?
Words With Friends is being skeezy today.
#MyNextBoo would have to be from
My grandparents are out dancing with friends and I'm watching tv in my pajamas on New Years.
75 and sunny here in SoCal today. It's why I love living here. Grand Rapids was a great place to grow up though.
Were have friday after school YMCA football games been this year?
This #CP3 trade is a mess. The #NBA really stuck their neck out on this one.
I am not worthy to cover Gerard.
he started it!
Today is a new day!
No more physics tests yayayayayaya
#69Factsaboutme 36. I love summer because I can swim!
5pm today 1st #sxsw performance open to the public w/ and more.
": We can still be friends" is like saying, "The dog died but we can keep it"."
Shout out to all my new followers.
laying down vibing ,and precious wss trippen on me last night smh
that's realy cute!
#Gratitude: fresh haircut, veggie pizza, looney friends, out for drinks, memories of being young and foolish, being older and more centered.
yeah version 2 will be a whole mess of new girls I've been working with all exclusive and all original
Happy Thursday!!! RT : Hey, hey Everyone! Happy it is Thursday!
course its me!!! who else would it b?! sure as hell not that stalker dude from skool...
Work went by so quickly!! Now time 4 bed
#askanything: Strawberry Shake or Chocolate Shake?
I miss your lips on mine.
Good morning! It’s a slow news day in New York -- the Tribune’s headline: “STATEN ISLAND VILLAGE TERRORIZED BY MAD DOG”
I love when someone kisses you and you get chills down your body.
Dancing with the Stars recap: Elimination dance duel adds drama
to host Block Party AFTER PARTY 5.19.12. All Block party donors with wristbands in FREE. #DjsforObama”
Passed by a jogger in a t-shirt: "pain is weakness leaving the body." Absurdity (and US Marine propaganda) at its best.
Space mountain bitches !!!
Max gets to hang with Auntie ALL DAY!!!!! I'm jelly!!!! Love you both!! Xx
Fuck A Duck... It's BREAKFAST. I HATE Mickey D's Breakfast... Guess it's a sign from that I don't eat tonight. Where's Meisha at?
About to start packing shoeboxes for OCC!! Whoot whoot!! This will be awesome!!
There's a line forming at Wegmans to get sausage & bacon.
let us stay young or let us live forever
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
If you suddenly had the power to read minds, who would you choose to read first?
Aw, thanks for the #FF! :-D
I'm black cherokee mexican and native indian american
PhotographersRetaliate:BLACK FRIDAY Shadows can't be only thing that breathes life into a subject Celebrate Tuxedos Only
what r they saying to u....?
Good choices! We embrace the timeless classics too
sweet sweet popcorn tasty
none :O
Got the last available cardio machine at the Hilron fitness center & it's only 5:30! #iug2011 folks r really dedicated!
travoltas attorney denies that his client groped and exposed himself to the masseurs that are suing him. Im no lawyer, but thats a good move
oh ok what flavor? I have strawberry,chocolate,vanilla,or cookies & cream
the Ugandan teacher is a tech teacher (but teaches at a school with no running water and just solar power) HS age
good pump fake lebron,,
She could love you good, but I could love you bettaaaa<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Heading to the stadium. We'll be in Va. Beach shortly
FUCK Y'ALL PHARRELL IS MINE!
Glee: Jersey Shore Edition staring Justin Bieber, LeBron James and Oprah as the Chilean Miners
A #ww18 goodie bag! My annual shirt and a copy of New Shoes on a Dead Horse by , courtesy of Thank you, Russ!
thanks...he's so full of himself!
Proud day to be an American.
the video editing has begun.
OMFG I CANT BELIVE IS GOING TO MOVE TO FLORIDA AHAHHAHHA I GO THERE A LOT GOING TO MEET HIM CANT WAIT <3 HIM AND SUPPORT HIM
There's the Jean Paul Gaultier retrospective at the de Young - it was really cool.
Governor declares state of emergency as Irene approaches. Forecast for weekend: 30% chance of rain.They can't both be right.
Beliebers are such creepers sometimes . . . like, I'm so proud. =')
We're gonna hafta. We must reminisce over drivers Ed.
hey dog, they're showing one of yr movies on the Brazilian channel, O Globo.
bouta wash my hair!
Our music will slap you so hard, your clothes will be outtastyle.
Pull a Rick Flair, nice“ FSU has to win the ACC b4 leaving, Take the trophy, drop it in a trashcan, & announce intent to leave"
how did it hold up?
man,I watch your reviews all the time.. You're badass! Watching V for Vendetta Now after your review! T2 next!
Twitterhea: The Unstoppable Urge to Tweet
Why do I even bother? *washes handz*
yes i did !
Saga's great!
I can't stand when men act like dead beat husbands & boyfriends.. We should be ashamed when we act like that.
Taking Books finally done. I mean there's plenty more years, but I'd like to finish my dissertation before the heat death of the universe.
I feel your pain... You can do it!
Great my day is ruined
Doesn't look he was bf material. Or maybe I such at this. :-/
Had an awesome time playing the emerald coast songwriter's festival in Destin, FL this week! Now back to Nashvegas!
lol. I would love to.
It's official - Dolphins will draft a QB and go to camp with Matt Moore, Garrard and Rookie - And oh yeah, no one to throw to.......
cause on a clock, the number 12 is higher then the number 1. get it?
I think it was a pretty successful night
why is it so hard to find the right music on all those digital stores?!?! missing dancerecords.com...
Oh thank goodness. Rigsby is still alive.
tell her you know a girl named Jama thats gonna come beat the pee out of her if she dont quit. Idiot.
All you people who had fits of laughter during New Years Eve should feel terrible. *looks down in shame*
When it comes dont dick eat
For the record, as a not #vikings fan, I'm glad the stadium bill passed. wish the racino plan went through but that's just the Sconnie in me
thank you so much! A lot is riding on it. How are you?
always nice to see you! RT : Just got my hair done at I feel like a supermodel, thanks Brittney!
so fucking sick of everything
good job in the irony with the mixer placement! LOL
Some of the hardest working people I know haven't the time to sit in theaters either! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Traveling to Knoxville today by train, bus, plane and automobile! Glad it's nice weather!
Plz help us RT #teamkevin he has cancer and his wish is to take taylor swift to his senior prom.. Plz help us make this happen
Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Bacon RT : Charlotte's Bacon.
Occupiers marching down 23rd right now, making 23rd only marginally louder than usual. Woot!
The MTA condemns comma splices
and you! You seem really laid back :)
Great Job Ricardo
Spent Mother's day with great moms today; both at baseball then grilling out with mom, my sis, Meliss & family
Hope your interview went well!
I am not afraid to die. I am terrified of life.
seriously Mike?..us ranger fans dont care about how John treats you leeches? He's doesnt like you guys but he loves his team
Today rocked a little less hard than yesterday, but only because yesterday was COMPLETELY MADE OF WIN. Any day would suffer by comparison.
lol most likely yes. I have to let you know if its a forsure thing though :) but il be spending the rest of that day with you
Who else is hooked on #Minecraft for #Xbox360?
W.bbvacompass.com/ontour NBA in ABQ. Let me know for VIP access
You could see the gears turning in Edwards head when his father was telling him not to jump.
Wooohooooo my birthday day is in 4hr WHAT NOW!!!!!!
I have not seen a field goal blocked in a long time.
Dear oneonta, it's 630 in the morning. Stop with the crazy noises. I need sleep.
I feel at ease when I'm chilling with my mom .
Just walked to Gentlemen Jim.. Free pizza at happy hour.. Cheers!
Pressure's on! You won't be disappointed RT I think this will be even better than last yrs. Psyched.
Call me
Want to offer your customers telecom solutions? We have a fantastic deal that gives our channel partners 100% of the profit! Reply for info.
Tariq used to be itty bitty!! he was too busy chasing around ! (;
Thanks Facebook for running many folks day with the surprise announcement that all pages are being converted to timeline views
Out of 175 2012 presidential candidates, I am the only creating opportunity and jobs right now www.bruzzesiforpres.com
depends if I do go I might fall asleep from being sleep deprived.. Now stop replying cause I need to go to bed
M.. I might just take my blanket to school. It's that cold. Yet I refuse to shut my window(:
Yesterday was a great day <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
need a someoone for a video shoot ill be in atl the 9th -16th of april
did u use a template?
A friend is looking for a resume writer, any leads?
I stay away from niggas that could land me in some trouble.
Lavar Johnson has some mean uppercuts
yes! and its some song from the '70s and REALLY LOUD.
So much to do. Procrastination sucks, but not as much as actually doing the things you were saving for later.
break a leg!
Is that like buying your wife a vacuum cleaner? But with reversed gender roles?
Hey! Just on-demand for right now. :)
Knicks ain't got no hope
in my mind, nope(:
Friday = The Lucky One
Finally seeing the hunger games!
If you think somebody close to you is having mental impairment, use interests and passion to get them reinterested in what they enjoy
don't even start with that lol
Haven't heard Waking Dreams yet? Want to? You can hear all the tracks at www.chrisdingman.bandcamp.com
that's cool. Haden needs to stay away from there. And the Barley House lol. Seems like he's always there.
Haha! I'll see what I can do :)
I just met some Guardian Angels at a Max stop. Odd!
idk what i dis but ok.
"I Want You Back"
tweets I collected from January 25 till March 1
A sense of humor is the ability to understand a joke - and that the joke is oneself
Everyone has a story. Child Sexual Abuse is not a new story by itself. What is your outcome. How has your story impacted you?
me too! Listen for a honk out front! Haha
So I have to go to crew instead of watch the #Giants game..... I think I might cry!
I wanna find a cute & funny
la la la laura! i miss you! x
Crossfit once again kicked my butt.
On the road to Philly -wow the weather is amazing! See you soon !
See that's why I can't fuck wit commentators.... Don't ever compare Allen Iverson to Andre Uglidala
Work hard from sun up to sun down. I just can't get enough of this!
that's not a bad shot, looking back
hay things are a little better today
oh man, me too!!
well..for a fart...it smelled pretty good. :P
Im starting to think oomf's page is more like spam...ggsssh
i still give certain ppl the time of day when i know they don't deserve it.. but u know, Karma's my wing woman & she does one heck of a job.
ready to see on 106&park on wednesday :D
Reunited and it feels so good jajaja :)
I'm speaking at the Sacramento Pub Library this Sunday (main branch). Topic: Using the NEHGS Site Like a Pro. 1:30, free to the public.
RT Pavel Datsyuk, David Backes and Patrice Bergeron have been named finalists for the Selke Trophy, best defensive forward
I want some subway
Still collecting #money for the project "Miss Texas" to be the best it can be.Contact me!
Great turnout tonight! Wake Forest, under President Hatch's leadership, has a real commitment to service!
woah! I've never seen a garbage truck like that!
you bitches working tmrw??!
Im lmfaooo at Chiquitaa ass during the first half cap rehearsal lmfaoo I look soo retarted right now
Matthew Broderick and Kelli O'Hara! I live in NY and would LOVE to see the show!
#photoshop #cs6 has autosave!!! WAY COOL!! The background save function pretty cool too!
Yes, gents. Your dulcet tones can occasionally be heard here in Seattle!!! Hope you're both well. Come visit!
my favorite orlando nightclub
This is exactly how I feel. Additionally, I have a hard time helping myself so how can I help others?
Congrats again. The picture on Facebook of you and the Lila is great. Proud papa, for sure. Enjoy it.
The music industry is currently irked by an article published n PC Mag listing alternative P2P services n the wake of the LimeWire shutdown.
Big hit- love the Hazelnut! When you get a minute, would like to talk with you about some ideas-
RT : y do U have 2 follow me 4 me 2 DM U? That's stupid. If U follow me, U shld be able 2 DM me, my actions irrelevant. => Agreed!
Feel better soon! RT : AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! thx guys so much been sick w/ the flu this making my day
Rec'd msgs regarding an open HRIS Analyst/Associate position to fill in Richmond, VA. If that is your expertise, drop me a line!
Lmfao nighas is pathetic its funny how when i dont do what u want me to do im a dirty slut and i have billions of psychological problems
Time to start cooking a big ass ham & I don't mean
did u have this problem? We have a trademark on the name say-n-play for educational software so am hoping we r covered!
That was lame! You couldn't even see the strike zone!
If you head out of town for a weekend vacation, do you usually post your whereabouts online?
Last tweet via - Thanks for that great inspiration!
Drinking red powerade on break was probably a bad idea.... #MyMouthIsRed -_____-
Great article. See "the illusion of truth" heuristic.
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs, and returns home to find it. -- George Moore
oh ok
Just hit 500 followers. You all should sign up to our email list so you can stay up to date and have a chance to win the cool prizes :)
Ok Meek set this mix tape off on this intro...I love this niggas rambling ass flow
Thanks for the #FF love Jamie!
We laugh so hard snot comes out
how much would you charge for being his date doctor
The Bellmen have yet another show in the works for
so i can help i guess and because i'm just really excited LOLOLOL
Just talking with my dad about that. What a rip. Arby over priced
Uumm .. 2 my knowledge, I NEVER followed you! Never saw you in my followers list either.
All is well! How are you? Carrying on the day market research and campaigns for the holidays. Yes, are great!
RT : GREAT times is chorus. :DD Feeling Dizzy!!!!! lol
Follow me back is a Sexy account related to Porn :*
Grow big in Boulder with petite vegetables
I always tweet pics
Want a free COMP bottle tomorrow nite 4 #ClosetSundays Hot & Haunted #Halloween Party w/ Live? Follow & RT to WIN!
Loyalty Over Royalty
“: THIS <U+2665>.<U+2665> RT : russell brand is so attractive” Pretty much.
Thank you! So excited to go back to again!
Members of the Team & Chicago Area project are talking about experiences in community activities & advocacy.
Thank you for the beautiful pic of our showroom!
hey you're really cute (:
even more pink hair :)
RT this if you'll be at our Step Up to Double Rebate day today! We'll be here until 8pm!
it was pretty humid here too - surprisingly so. I came in about a minute earlier than my "plan," so I was really pleased!
Subtweets aren't always about who you think they are.
Received the Scarecrow 2009 allocation $250 per bottle sold in a three pack case.
I'm in a Twitter slump. I've lost 9 followers in a week and can't even get a porn bot or Russian to follow me.
Just like you.
its cold as fuck outside
Agreed! Very awesome tune in the oven.... cooking up quite nicely!
Location mentioned in a student story: "Statin Island." No cholesterol problems there.
Bout to see the avengers with
I don't like it when people swap last n in my name 4 a t. Don't want to be taken for Larry's son. Rather be Errol's grandson.
“What doesn’t kill you makes you smaller.” ~Mario
Err, best... Yeah, someone was up until 3-ish for no particular reason save some fun research.
thanks for following Leo!
: that sight of the blues lifting the trophy makes me proud to be a manc..... a proper manc...
what thing????
that sounds rather sarcastic.. :(
#EADrevision so what did y'all eliminate? Your devoted fans await specifics.
How much does a polar bear weigh? Enough to break the ice.
I am at the gym.
Really, really enjoyed your kids - and appreciate their "speaking up" when addressing these "not so great anymore" ears.
Only on Twitter could I feel good about being a girl's 1,500th...
hotel bathrooms do, sometimes.
still nothing. Contact She said she has pix and a story. Let me know!
Free, fun, safe, & #green ride for evening entertainment & events in Downtown #Austin. The most memorable, cost-effective #marketing option!
going to rhawnhurst today. meeting new people<3 should be a lot of fun. hit me up :D
Happy National Teacher Day!
#BrianWesbury to #LPR2011 - recommends #vonmises book "Human Action" as best economic reading - hard read, but excellent.
Goin to see the Avengers!!!
.gonna hit Universal (:
Thank you, sweetie. I'm a lucky lady, that's for sure.
Good Morning Sunshine <3 Don't allow anyone or anything to steal your day! Own, Live & Love it to the best of your ability~ Monday's Mine!!
Stephanie's Ponytail by Robert Munsch: Bald Kids Learn Valuable Lesson...
cors ya will. You are a MIlF and u will continue to be a MIlF after jackson
haay Tori:) P.E was fun in 6th grade with you and everyone else haa!
2 more days until I'm back in the studio gonna cut the vocals for my two new songs!
YOU be the agent for change!
just pinched the mic chord and released, then a whole bunch of jokes came out a once
Regardless of crap beer being served, I'm stoked to see tomorrow. Thanks for bringing it to town!
#ThingsTwitterDoesntCareAbout Who your latest flavor of the week is!!
This storm is amazing!!
between the chocolate & mello yello i've had this morning, sitting still & focusing is now proving to be problematic :)
hey :D make sure you but LOVE ME on Itunes ! (: NOW ! <3
Media/podcast support is an area where apps seem to be better than the Reader website.
Thank you Jill... Have a great day as well!!! -Jerry
Some Bull lol
I have an opportunity for a full time temp office position $10/hr for a couple of months beginning 4/23. Let me know if you know of anyone.
Rain rain go away come again NEVER! Especially when I'm suppose to ride a 30 something mile bike trail!
GOP mantra: bankrupt China and bomb the Middle East off the face of the earth.
I'm waving too!!!!
got 3 fancy office chairs today and they came with 4 pieces of candy. i ate them all.
Think skinny!
Awe... how creepy. A) I dig your enthusiasm. And, B) I'm just trying to keep the mystery alive.
Glad to hear so many of u are making the trip from out of town to get the HOB show. You guys are really incredible!! 9 days left!
I know! It's my favorite day too..... But you are here in spirit! :)
Now time to rest and get ready for Monday.
aww, I'll especially miss you guys! But we'll still have our usual glee recaps on Facebook haha
The essence of life is to care. The opportunity of life is to serve. The secret of life is to dare. The beauty of life is to give.
Nothing quite as enjoyable as a server inexplicably crashing.
#ROC Stop into our shelter on this beautiful saturday and visit all of our animals available for #adoption!
I used to office w/u@ wild basin(Fluid Innovation) I'm launching a new product-wondering if you'd be open to lunch when back in Austin
It's so cool!
getting pages blocked by fire host protection...
Wow going through the people that I follow! What an amazing group you are!
Excited to see tonight with my two favorite men.
Getting back on my feet
I really don't see how Britney Spears still has a singing career
She sez bolding things, making indentation less in-line/more varied, break lines, etc = harder to gloss over w/o seeing the info
wait we are singing o.O I thought we were just watching
Odd commercial from Chipotle featuring Coldplay's The Scientist.
Why do Fox Hosts ask guests "What does Obama need to do to get re-elected or raise his poles" do they want him to Win?
Attention: do NOT POST OR RT A TWEET WITH THE "N" in ANY FORM! You will be blocked. This is a PMA zone! We're VERY serious about this!!
yep yep 15 minutes
Thank you for the mention!
I want to introduce you to a youngman wes. A kid I'm now working with
Seeing #Contagion tonight...
TEET ME ! :D TWEET ME ! :D FOLLOW FOLLOW FOLLOW <3 TWEET <3 FOLLOW <3 TWEET ME <3TEET ME ! :D
Hi how are you
Go Pacers! The West is rooting for you.
Everything we see in the world is the creative work of women
I really thing hiccups are something we should be researching! They don't make no sense.
update US, that is
was the krackenon your tout wars team?
RT : This movie ought to work 60% of the time, every time.
Just BE yourself. It's the best YOU you can ever be. And there is and will be only one.
congrats! :-D
#Contruction on the #LagoVista Police Station building is coming along well! Just went to the site. Looks great!
announced as inaugural and major sponsor of
- anyone got idea for a cool name for the contest ?
That's because is turtles all the way down
Jealousy is just love and hate at the same time
Pig racing is showing on Sky Sports News. Not kidding.
Thanks Barbie, glad you liked it = )
The last time I was in Dallas they just started construction on the stadium.
Presentation is a way of life in Real Estate. Buyers in todays market look for good presentation many basing their final decisions on it.
So excited - my Rose bag is set to arrive on Monday! Cannot wait to put my new Nikon D70S inside :):):)
Follow the members! and
check out right now live on www.rappinlounge.com get ya chat and network on !!!
Hey our favorite followers Remember tweetup and menu unveiling tomorrow!
Many in Congress interested in exploring value added tax, CBO's Elmendorf said today
America&#39;s Next Top Model Controversy: Five Possible Reasons Behind the Cast Shakeup
Saturday September 26 Jessie Brown Band tickets are $7
Lets Go Heat ...
Nice. Won't be long until you're managing cloud client hardware resulting from the Wyse acquisition.
Work harder on yourself than you do on your job.
;) thank's 4 the follow xD
true... It's good to see some positive words
the other white meat?
if i could forget you then i would snap my fingers and get my wish but sadly it doesnt work like that
Thanks Jeff, yep really happy these last few days. Caught us by surprise :-) //cc and
Not talking to you kills me :(
"She didn't know it couldn't be done, so she went ahead and did it." Mary S. Almanac
Please follow and let her know that i sent yu!!! thanks so muchchhhh
N4S Motorsports Contest: Check out our Facebook page for more info.
Inter Partes => Made between two parties
Me too....been waitin' a lot of years to be legitamately Dopey!
give me.
chocolate chip pancakes & mod sun >>>
Pick me ! Who else would play off pity for the death of their grandmother for Super Bowl tickets? Shows real dedication!
Watching Taylor Swift : Journey To Fearless <3
Thanks, Leslie! Are you into Emotobooks?
Bought a Flip Video Camera! Already have 2 videos uploaded to my youtube
What is being done to preserve data created during research? What data can be searched?
i bet your ass is jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth
Dear whoever who's reading this don't forget to smile today. :) x
These types of injuries are extremely serious for NFL players. He may never be the same.
Octopus Monday trivia question: What Animal was featured on the Rock Boat VII poster?
Thanks 4 the add , u should check out
Hello Greyson. Stopping by to say hello and to wish you a great week. Take care and best wishes always.
#John is still my go to track to get the day started
break a leg with your #confoo talk
On following your interests vs talents: There's a word for something you enjoy doing that you're not very good at. It's called a "hobby".
Januuary 29th is coming fast get your tickets now www.rocktagonmma.com
i know! i would rather carry my own than deal with that, lol!
I feel like I'm incomplete when he isn't with me </3
fuck em win or lose the nuggets showed they aint fuckin around
Indigo is very excited to introduce N4, our newest luxury paraben,sulfate, and cruety free line from Newport!
Rose knowingly violated a baseball rule whose penalty has always been a HOF ban. Honestly, why is this even being discussed?
research underway could one day enable Supersonic travel over US (without sonic booms) for first time in 50 years.
Juarez is the greatest political leader North America has ever known.
thanx boo all love :-) thanks for coming
Gossip gossip gossip. That's all I hear nowadays.
This Potbelly sandwich line in Rock Center is out of control. And yet I am in it.
HUngry for some McDonalds!!!!!!!
yeah, I felt pretty uncomfortable with her just staring at me...
TAPS blow out! I win for biggest plate EvEr!!! "not knowin what 2+2..."
editing a pic
Miss you too buddy! Enjoying some R&R in SouthEast FL. Keep up the good work brother! Off to Captiva Island 2morrow.
Nobody Will Ever Change You Know Why? Cuz He's Perfect Just The Way He Is<U+2764>
bed time for mi now
Have I ever told you that the way you say 'gross' makes me laugh? Every time. Never fails.
Hello everyone!
coming up now..ur welcome
same here! My sweat glands are always on some other shit lol
Will take as a compliment :) RT : You have my goid friend and his firm mixed up with ours
RT "Change is a death threat to the brain"- Jaimie Cloud
I'm watching it on netflix haha
Always trust your heart because every beat is telling you something
: So far me and , but as folks show interest we can definitely arrange rides!
Happy 4th of July! Celebrate by going out in Style with the Green Goblin from OKC Party Bus!
Going to have to climb our balcony because locked me out while I was at the gym...
ouch. tough loss.
Chokin' my way thru a crowd of cougars on a smoke break. Whose pants are too tight and shirts cut too low? Not mine, but I think you know.
Props to you and Robby for introducing us to Diddy Riese. That place is AMAZING
I've learned to just admit that this is in fact a nap and not work.
Switching back and forth b/w the mac and windows O.S. is so challenging to me. Simply cutting and pasting is frustrating as the day is long!
Anthony Robles the one legged wrestler from Arizona state just won the NCAA national championship. Wow. Nothing is impossible.
Watch the replay.
Zillow? I use Loopnet and CoStar for commercial sales. They may do residential. Much better if you pay a subscription.
thank you
Went oil painting at Fisherman's Terminal today (3rd oil ever). I would not say I'm competent yet, but I'm solidly past disastrous.
i tweeted to you but forgot the and btw, chuck is a jerk.
np. N I havent yet got a chance to talk to u. But im really sorry about ur Dad. But u Krupal n ur mom r in my prayers.
#YourGameIsWeak if you fuckin ugly fat bitches
Next time you see me, just STHU
Good morning everyone <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Hauptfeld states that SDCC doesn't need to reinvent the wheel. Cut bureaucracy and the community will flourish
No !!! “: New York Giants topple the SF 20-17 in OT for the NFC title. ”
Just passed the music store that bought her first guitar at. \m/
Uh Oh.......666 Followers
This DC cab smells like cat food.
Good news, deserves a raise after last season!
Wanted to say what an amazing round you did at the Rutledge last week! Loved it! Beautiful music:) Congrats on the new cut!!
What you're doing is incredible and inspiring. Way to go. Rock out!
RT : Today! RT : Looking for work? Job fair 10 am-2 pm, Commons at Green Bay. 50+ employers expected.
I wanna go to Tahiti!
Thanks for following me, again!
im not gettin off ok
#mydivorcesong Party in the USA
OMEGA PRODUCTIONS NEW LOOK BEGINS TODAY!! TWO PROJECTOR SCREENS HAVE BEEN ADDED FOR LIVE VIDEO MIXING!!
Get 20% off all gift certificates through December. Schedule today to receive 30% off your massage!
The spam messages on Twitter are more annoying than FarmVille requests on Facebook..
: : EVERYONE SHOUTOUT TODAY!! IT's HIS BDAY!! HE IS 17!!
If we add Bennett as expected...hang #9!!!
Limitations live only in our minds but if we use our imaginations, our possibilities become limitless." - Jamie Paolinetti
Kit Kat's are soo amazing. Although, I like to eat them in layers .. very strategically like an oreo cookie
At Quest Software Partner Circle
Y'all are so talented!!
i wish i could go :( but its ok. cuz no matter what i will always support you! <3
We are looking for writers for upcoming issues of , email with writing samples/resume, good luck!
Yup, first ever, eek! I'm both nervous and excited. Hopefully I'll have enough energy. I'm not a morning person!
need to share some of his bitches lol
hubby stares at me carrying three wine bottles to the recycling " I dont have a problem! alright!" hubby laughs =}
My heart is heavy .
I want a white girl with a black girl body.
*sighs too* It IS perfect.
Why is John King CNN giving Demint a free pass to spout uncontested, radical views
putting newbies through #socialmediabootcamp. GO !
What would be a good onigiri stuffing? I'm committee to making fancy lunches this week
had similar encounter last week w/7 and 9 yo. "N word" is "Nerd" and "F" word was "fart";wonder how long this will last
Me too. My Dr-Mechanic-Nail girl.I told the nail girl once. "You're the longest relationship I've ever had, 10 yrs" LOL
Two words. ...Scary Movie.... If u forgot...watch it NOW!!
Expected take off is now 4:30. We'll see... This farm girl says repairs always take longer than you initially think.
Oh I'll go to Madonna! Way to soon to commit though.
Submission deadline has been extended to 14 April 2011. See also www.epart-confernce.org.
My boyfriend is so into MIOBI . (:
We regret to inform you that we had to back out of The Break Contest. We have a lot of big things coming soon though so stay tuned!
aha! Great to understand the origin of an idea and how it transferred. Reminds me of what I read in inGenius.
Great work! I love the design, but the links don't work~ if you want , we can look at it in class?
I think im burnt to a crisp after being outside all day. uh oh
RT If you love someone, let them figure it out... If you push to hard you might push them right out of your life!
Oh, man. Guess that explains the headaches, loss of cogitative ability, funny looks.
The Argos are world famous brother!
kahne finds that youth who participate in online communities have higher levels of civic engagement.
2 wk countdown to find a summer job. Super-stress activate.
I get them too.
Titans only have 28.1 million under cap Broncos at 44.7 million
yup, that's how some of my kids treat me. I guess the key is assertiveness though that had never been a strong suit
It's so pretty outside <U+2665>
Thanks! That is so good to hear!
Massive. RT : I feel like there's a huge discrepancy between what people want and what people SAY they want.
leg really hurts right now
Going to the Wizard's Ball in full costume with I tried for steampunk, but it's more "Dr Quinn, Town Doxy."
The cause cannot always be the company; instead, it must also be manager's pursuit of their own values within the company.
Betsy Johnson is going out of business. Time to buy everything.
Four Southeast Housing Markets Among Worst in US
To achieve success, whatever the job we have, we must pay a price.Vince Lombardi
Stay tuned for very aggressive Shin Do Kumate' Muay Thai fight campaign in 2012.
thanks. hakhsjhsjs i want tacos now.
Netflix all night
remember that we have 90% employment and over 90% of people are making their house payments on time, GLASS IS HALF FULL !!!
On behalf of all we would like to thank the Jr. League of Baton Rouge for their generous gift & our new booth display!
Did it involve cooking the most chemically pure meth in New Mexico?
Conservatism out the window in this 2012 Republican Primary. I would be shocked if Santorum or Gingrich revived there campaigns
hanging out
New fav: "this is going to take a while"
Carla is going down tonight!
morning all #TGIF we made it
Looking at the Angel Tree wishing I could take care of every kids' need...let's all try to do our part this year!
Best way to watch Melancholia: on a turbulent plane ride from Detroit to LA.
NEXT YEAR FOR SURE!!!!! .. Thanks for being a #UFL and #Nighthawks supporter!
thanks! teva & isabel miss you. they're being watched by "the bad lady" in your absence.
I guess. I'd rather just attach something like a Boxee or Apple TV or Xbox with Kinect and use those. More upgradeable.
I LOVE PSYCHO!<U+2665>
listening on my way to a fish fry
I fully support this Soul pilgrimage to WeHo
Just found out is signing at the wal mart in Plano today. Guess what? I can't go. Fml. :/
I knew you would! If I ever get a dog, I will go to the ends of the earth to adopt a shiba inu!
Nite everyone! Sweet dreams. :)
does this mean you're going to stop in Madison and visit!?!?
haha you and dave are so cuuttee<3 love you guys:)
If you could change one big thing about the world what would that be? What kind of film could you make about it to inspire others?
Haven't felt this much pain in a very very long time.... Come on meds & kick in quick.
Do you mean what can be *in* milk powder? Because I'm pretty sure milk powder is made primarily of milk by definition.
have you heard?! jane is on pinterest! follow our boards to see what is new and what inspires us!! xo
:) that's good! No, it doesn't start for another hour and a half, so just looking over papers. Haha
Um pertaining to last tweet who put Rick on my fb
The greatest monarch, on the proudest throne is still obliged to sit upon his own arse
Achieved my dream of a double Decker fire tonight
Celtics lead the series 3-0 and look for the SWEEP Sunday
Me:Mom! The computer is not working! Mom:Okay, just a minute. Me:I don't have a minute, it's 10:45!
just got finish watching Shameless that show gets better every episode
ha...sorry, never heard of it. Wonder if it's good enough to fill the void of Rescue Me
There seems to always be a wrinkle in real estate deals these days. I'm thinking of bringing back gabardine.
Happiness is not a station you arrive at, but a manner of traveling. -- Margaret B. Runbeck
Just finished great meeting w/ impressive Montgomery County Commish sharing #BestPractice &
thanks for posting!
What use is signing Matt Garza to a large contract? He's 28. The Cubs won't be competitive (reality) for 3-4 years.
it sucks :c
playing with , , , Please Dont Eat My Friends, Full Void, Patina, Out of Your League, @
Horse time!
#idol - slow start but intense with decent vocals for Skylar.
My nephew just got a whooping
follow me cause I love you
If Dale Sveum re Sally just asked Starlin Castro to bunt, his ass should be fired tonight.
woke up this morning I feel good as fuck
player of the game Ryan Lindley!!
Y'all upset that #49ers lost !
WHAT THE FUCK.
Just made it back from the OVC game and we won! Go Eagles! 3 p.m. tomorrow = downtown Nashville again then OVC @ 8:00 p.m
anything for you Alex:)
We might have the most awesome college president of all time. He brought a gun to chapel.
you're so god damn confusing
I'm in desperate need for two lemons. This sinus cold is drop kicking me dramatically...
Heheh,it's bye Friday for you. Hahaha
My door was closed when you came in, don't walk off and leave it open. -__-
no we just like helicopters
did you ship my camping chair to Charles as well?
Ehhh different type of shows
hahahahaha! That's a bad hit mang.. Have you seen these gas prices!? The blunt rides must come to an end my friend
yeah.. I think only about you. You're a inspiration for me. You let me follow my own dreams. Thank you so mutch!
just met . sweetest guy ever. getting milkshakes with him later :)
jerel worthy. Most packers fans have seen what he's capable of in big10 play.
Any idea what is going on this weekend for Cinco De Mayo?
Thank you!
AGDYon RADAR this week....
how is it that you continue to rock??
hey there <U+270B>
Researching a story and now the internet thinks I'm gay, which is fine, but. I miss the ads for motorcycle helmets
Wise words from a decent man
drunk much?
ok, new favorite quote: "Clients are not paying you for the hours you work, but for the years of knowledge you have"
win! so glad you guys are having a great time. :)
YESTERDAY I SAID I <3 YU....TODAY IM SAYING I WISH I NEVER MET YU....
please help me with this cwaappp:'((((
ut oh. had a birthday party. and then we all turned into sunday night wolves.
I know, mine might explode when it hits 9pm!!! AAAGH :L
girly!! Just do the birthday party on Friday then come to riverboat with us sat! lol. we all need to go out soon! love ya.Xo
when i have my #Showerflows my bathroom turns into a stemroom.
I got racks, on racks, on racks. <3
#Broncos are about the pick a DT, right? Or do they just continue to trade down until they own every pick in the 6th round?
We are having a seedling sale in San Francisco this Sunday more info soon
Thanks so much, Steve!
Not at all! Glad to be a part of it!
dont feel like it so i guess imma be hungry
aww, miss you. Hope you'll be joining , and I in the Wisconsin tomfoolery this August.
Time to chill and have a drink my husband and kids wore me out cooking cleaning homework washing dad Dee clothes I deserve it but I love it!
In #WizardsOfWeverlyPlace, she has a lot of style, my favourite one is, the dress with, a leopard (kitty) in her shoulder :)
I love and miss you too!! And everythings fine how are you? You should text me sometime! :)
Thanks to all who voted for me, but I was not elected to the 2014 Caldecott Committee. (Sad face.) Next time...
By the tweeting of my thumbs, Rick Santorum this way comes.
saints v. packers should be playing ;)
just got my twitter
have a awsome show, i will be watching even thought im recording it too lol but im in pain (sprained wrist)but im watching
How about potential back story if Green Bay wins tomorrow ....Smith v Rodgers!! GO PACK!!!
someone tell me why i like him?! /:
Google Blogger Team rocks! They took down the pirate who stole my blog. Thanks, man.
Gen. Cartwright: Challenges are far beyond nation state at this point. Need to think about problems more holistically
so with you on the UP, but I'm thinking waiting for a future version might be better?
IKR!! DAMN YOU HILL!!!
you ask me.I'd keep Leo in the set-up role put Hensley as well as Alex in the rotation and get a B-class closer.Vol can't cut it
I thought only the papers used folks real names!
Likewise. Full posts make me happy :-)
#PeopleThatAngerMe The Worlds Oldest Man.....
Omg its cold! Brrrr
Facebook feeds not working for me. Shows authorized from within Facebook, doesn't show up in tweetdeck.
With her brain she could make the honor roll.
its looking doubtful
yeah try living here lol
Why is "(blank) Will Change Your Life" always understood to be an appealing assertion?
Nice! I've been curious about The Glass Castle ...
with the ko of the night for sure!!!!
Servers coming to stand by the broiler when it's busy b/c they are cold in the dining room
Monkey in the office
Goat. It's what's for lunch. Apparently.
I'm about to hit 200 followers!!! How about some Twitter LOVE to get me there?
“: I'd like to kidnap Scorsese and just listen to him talk about film for a few weeks. Never gets old.” I'll help.
"Conspicuous gallantry." What most men wouldn't give to have those two words associated with their name.
Pre game speech in miracle gives me chills every time
Zing! RT Yeah, but this is Texas. Getting gas is basically buying local.
Commissioner Liz Rogan
Going to be honest-- doesn't feel like the postseason when Detroit is first team out. Success of that organization is unparalleled.
thank you.... Someone nominated me... The Mayor will be inducting me on Wed at PHS.. Trying to represent ... It is a true honor
lol ok cool I'm just excited today tweeting all my followers but I'll leave u alone
We're only two weeks away from the #2012SilverSpoonAwards!!! Do you have your tickets yet??!!
I wish, I got homework to finish :p, oh wells, goodnight ^_^
for all those naysayers who says i would never shoot a #hump film, today i proved them wrong.
play a joke on him and $ay Im dne.with dudes I like girls lol
Thanks to and for the kind mentions yesterday!
High ass nivgas on the streets always asking me for money does it look like i have money ugh
Only "job-killing regulations"? I thought you were aiming for "job-killing gas tax" to be more popular.
Hey, what were your favorite shows growing up? Hey Arnold was the best lol
But terrible real life friends.
Good Morning Colorado. We would like to inform you that we are hiring a full-time copier repair tech. Email resume to
What a great day in Austin Texas Keep it great by eating healthy real fresh food made by hand Not fast food in a pouch or box. SERIOUSLY!!
#InSchool thinking about hella shyt, #This class right now <
I know! I'm trying to figure out what to wear!
Accident I-15 south at Charleston. Delays to Washington
#DC unfortunately, the had to close tonight b/c of a gas leak. We're looking at rescheduling. Arlington FIT is still on.
Patrick Renner a Houston based sculptor/artist built a music box that mounts on telephone poles and plays the nails and staples left there
:(((( thats what makes you cute ! Lol
- I truly appreciate your follow. Your spirit is as beautiful as you & your amazing voice are. You are a humble gem. :) :)
Haha cheers bud
Please RT Senate holding #ESEA hearing 11/8 & #SchoolLibraries aren’t included. Why?! Good #schools need good #libraries!
One More day~ unless you are lucky enough to go to the midnight show!
Good season Tebow, no one expected anything out of you. But lakers clippers are on now. So shhh
Realizing how much you really like someone >
Work is such a drag!
Working with people I admire and idols of mine in the audience... I will never not be starstruck. Another blessed opportunity tonight.
Truly phenomenal experiences and people #everywhere!!! Look around you!
peace Im out!:D
Thank you for the support!
Good to see you on Twitter! (Now send me some mediations... ) ;o)
If there are similar products to what you offer, show why your product is THE solution.
I'm the broker selling 'WingSauce.com' Interested in acquiring this great domain name? It is priced very low!
Got our 1st unfollow....that hurt
I got Court on this one!
DUSTIN. GET YOUR TRUCK AND COME GET US. WERE GONNA OUTRUN THIS BITCH
Dr. Agyepong and others win Entrepreneur Awards 2011
so beautiful i cried the whole time they were PERFECT fndsjkfndsk
Thanks so much!! Ya it was great!!…what is five towns?!! =)
“: Who's going to the game tonite!? #Ranch vs #Vista #Elite8” 9NEWS WILL BE THERE!
About to watch the 2 hour #desperatehousewives finale, stupid living in the UK and having to wait another day, z.
thanks bruh you'll be soon no doubt
Haven't watched last night's Hawaii 5-0 yet. Sounds like it was good.
Hey Facebook friends!!!!! we have $225 dollar ounces any strain mix and mach come in and see us!!!!!!! :-)
Turns out most of the boxes I had no clue what to do with were Summer School books and were removed today. Huzzah!
Thanks for the #ff !
#youdeservetobesingle when you go down on your bf and the night after he refuses to return the favor
sometimes i can tell that a person has a lisp just by looking at their face
After my monthly tally, it looks like last month's writing royalties will be covering my student loan payment this month.
Lisa Ross - if you are not living the tech (really using it) then you cannot really evaluate the objectively
Rahm Emanuel gets kicked off the ballot. Can run for Mayor of your next
here's your first Friday DC fun fact! if you lay the #washingtonmonument on its side, its length is the same as the #kennedycenter!
What better way to relieve all your holiday stress than a spa day? Stop by the front desk & we'll help you choose one!
looking forward to the Letter Carrier Olympics today If only we could do it outside
thanks! Till sunday evening!
no problem
The Red Sox are really fighting the urge to blow it.
Go Preppy In Pretty Pleats TREND: Pleated skirts WHO 'S WEARING IT: Jessica Alba (Christian Dior), Kristin Cavallari (alice + olivia) and
Yesterday was coo and the day before but tomorrow there will be nomore us. Seperated
Frozen from mowing... It's quite cold outside
Retweet if you LOVE #karaoke!
Diana!! Where do you wotk? Ah:)
KD deserves that MVP more than anyone
Let's go #Wildcats!! Beat #Vandy again!!!
attention folowers!!!!!!! i wont be back on here until i get to portland. so go forth and spread the word of malichor... bwahaha
What do you do (Is blogging professional/hustle or passion/hobby)?
I'm critical but I take movies & tv shows for what they are. If they succeed at what they're trying to do... I'm down.
What your email address bro?
Remember, its always darkest right before the dawn.
#Kiva or #Kickstarter? Do I try just one? My 2nd #book is covered, but I have 2 more novels to finish writing this year. Should I do both?
I saw that I was like whoa now
will u plz fallow me:)
RT : Yu guys should all go follow for bad ass quotes :)
count me in too. I'll send my availability.
how often do you listen to unsigned artist to see if they got that hotness?
well, that does indeed suck. I started right on the pay period and I'll only get prob 200.
Wisnik Career Enterprises' 16th anniversary today! Thanks to all who have made the last 16 years sweet!
Does your upper back always hurts when playing piano?
organic vegan drinking chocolate has no refined sugar, dairy or gluten & is avail in original, mint & 6 spice@ The Library!
Cubs baseball is BACK!!!!
Hey wannabe authors: Build up your social media presence so you have a ready-made audience for your book.
it went great ! i got a kiss from billy , and a hug <3 ;o
your very famous!
I think that is bad luck if you find it on heads good luck if you believe in superstition? ;)
A big thank you to everyone who came out today! Now it's time for bed with our stack of new books.
Congratulations on the promotion of Josh Brumm to #CFO, announced in bit.ly/w60ePW
Hey guys!:)
You love it!
Ha ha! You do know I left the Red Cross, right?
Celtics down with 40 seconds to play
More raffle drawings soon! If you are a lucky winner your prize will be at the registration desk. PLENTY MORE AWESOME PRIZES!
ah! Kanye's film. Looks good unfortunately we don't have any plans to screen it. We'll let you know if that changes!
playing with the TK Blue Group today at An Die Musik at 5:00pm. Come one out!!!!!!
yeah, mine does and says 'passive voice, consider revising'
YOUR GO-TO FREELANCE GRAPHIC DESIGN GUY
Yeah, and The Hobbit will make us wait longer.
What company will be worth more in 5 years? Twitter or Facebook?
whenever I'm not in the mood to listen to hall and Oates, I listen to Rich girl. Then I'm in the mood to listen to H&O
You can't tempt us like that, Ric! Haha. I'm sure they're amazing. I hope we get to hear them someday.
Even better. Hope you can be healthy and strong throughout the season to accomplish it. Go Brewers!!!
Dear boys, learn some class. You will get nowhere without it. Love, girls everywhere
When your parents make you run THEIR errands. <
I love how you crave attention. Should have known before I involved myself with you. You passed on a good thing. Someday you'll know.
love the beach , the sounds and smells of the ocean
wouldn't it be nice if we could wake up, in the morning when the day is new.<3
I <3 whole foods. Avocado kale salad, chicken soup, y vegan blueberry muffin. Muy bien por inferma chinita.
Meeting wrapping up. Great presentations from George Liberatore from Midland Video. Thanks!
We're coming to Milwaukee Feb 14-16! Can't wait to stay with you!
Great presentation yesterday! Curious if it's possible to do a conf call app w/a free trial....
Someone play draw something with me , i need usernames (:
it's stupid. i hate spammers.
Kids are like sponges ready to soak up the wonderful 'gifts' of life you can give them!
They just went to a local corner, found a crack head, cleaned him up and told him to say it was sunny.
Does Babysitting fall under the category of "Baby Care"? If so, my Kroger brand Q-tips are totally qualified to supervise your children.
miss ya krystal ;)
In 1882 today, Franklin D Roosevelt was born.
I love
your a smelly poo we haven't done anything in ages!:(
Being interviewed by HLN now
OKC needs him RT : Thunder PR says Kendrick Perkins (right hip strain) will truly be a "game time decision" tomorrow.
awesome wait what was it called again ? haha
Rainy, lazy, weather in Miami. I guess I'm staying at home making more #accessories for the upcoming event on December 17th!
"LinkedIn is watercooler talk; Facebook is a backyard barbeque." Also, it's your online resume!
Thanks for all the comments tweeps! Sorry I couldn't respond to all. See you in #Milwaukee soon!!! Goodnight.
nice work. really nice.
Then why are we still in Europe and Japan?
Game set match Federer!
you rock! Have the best day
RT Prince Fielder's beard is openly mocking Ian Kennedy's beard. #Brewers totally ha!
My timeline is filled with tweets about Need to know more now...
does Hungry For Hands have any vinyl available?
'Alps' teaser is great but' Dogtooth' was wonderful & mesmerizing so how could I not be incredibly excited just from minor visual insights
So to recap: tell me your favorite song off the new Digital Leather album and one lucky person will win a copy of the vinyl!
Being sick when you work at the hospital must be ironic punishment. Don't worry, I am washing my hands a lot as usual.
So many new followers! Thanks for the twitter support!
awesome :) getting ready for the best weekend EVA well i guess not since it doesnt invove a tdf concert ;)
Us MA folk tend to travel in flocks.
mite still b here hit me.
I know right? I wanna go!
: Thanks for RT.
Dont be concerned with whatz goin on in someone else's home,clean up ya own backyard first.
You're best friend I are so much alike it is scary.
Can't wait!
Secretly wanted her to push Meryl off the stage...
Just watched the very first eps of DEXTER and BREAKING BAD for an assignment--THAT is good TV.
Good things about Mondays: I'm so busy time flies and it's time to leave before I know it, traffic on the way home is light...
I want to eat all kinds of chocolate things, all the time
I've been told :)
What are we talking about my friends? RT : the spot on Abilene. You know it?
That's a lot of love! RT: : Love the videos Love the Blackhawk Love Shamarr & the Underdawgs!
European astronomers discover 16 'super Earths' and none are named Planet Ryder?
#TEAMFOLLOWBACK is the best hashtag for new followers ! :)
I don't know if this is Tier 2, but have you looked into check in/ check out system?
Not knowing if someone is a boy or a girl is an akward feeling
we're working on it!!! Should be a lot better in January.
Female dog.
i wish i knew. Im going w/ #neaspring. Do or know?
Everyone should listen to more
Learning so much about myself and I'm taking it all in so I can be a better me.
Heard this on the way to work, thought it was great: "Talent is a gift, character is a choice."
Congrats Andy!
Ramiro accelerated like a Lotus F1 car, snatched up the chipmunk from Flower, and put him safely in a tree.
R.I.P my uncle kevin (popop) 5/9/12.. ill love u forever and always. .u'll always be in my heart <3 xoxo
Gotta get up early and teach tomorrow & Sunday at the Mt. San Antonio College Writer's Weekend. #booklearnin'
It's a weekly paper that was just released. Story is positioned well on bottom left of the inside cover. I have copies. :)
Dats fucked up we lost Rose for the rest of the season.... Hade to blow the extend after that smh
Listening to every musical stage Michael Jackson went through in art class
(not that she doesn't pronounce things correctly all the time anyway, it's just notable to hear Carnegie pronounced correctly)
Time is too precious. You will NEVER have these nxt 5 minutes ever again. Cherish each moment & the ppl you share it with
Hot pink summer nails in Yeadon -- getting them done w/ Mama Carole & Lorene! Vietnamese manicurist lived in Orange County. Home femme chat
Half price half bottles all night tonight!
It's her kid and he's three. I hope she's not still breast-feeding him!
go follow (:
Thank you!
How many senior administrators does it take to print a letter on letterhead?
i miss watching #wrestlemania and ordering it with my brother and family
The time comes again for us football fans not to mute the TV during commercials
Tight security & secrecy not because someone will Steal the #rushbust but because they want to deface it! So snuck into the Capitol.
I think I bought the wrong reading glasses. My eyeballs appear huge, my lashes like mutant spider legs. It was a 3 pack from Costco too!
man thank you so much..i can use as much help as i can get....REALLY thx you so much!!!!
ah, the sweet smell of refactored #python in the morning
If you follow me i will give you a follow back <3
Nothing like a loud blast of Kryptonite while listening to La Damnation de Faust.
you shush
Great article!
Creating promo posters all day for our shiny new short film "Cut '83!". A teaser trailer is coming too!
What's this about "RIP Parks & Rec"??? I'm scared to even ask...? =/
I could be wrong but I dont think she ever included a date. stood in line for each book release. reread all of them. #missthis?
lmbo I hope lisa let u get the car
I use mobile Twitter for 99.9 % of my tweets, so I never knew that Twitter's look had changed. I think I like the new layout.
#FF for a nice RT this week. Thanks...
Talked about organic molecules in our body today in Anatomy & Physiology. I feel like someone just shot my brain. Confused and disoriented.
Haha! So would I! :D I'm loving this! They are doing a great job making it look real!
please do it
So I just complimented this kid's G-Shock watch and he says "Yeah it's real, it's a Casio". Ha I didn't know people were ripping those off!
haha just got your text lol yeah me too!
The victim in the Vancouver shooting has died. Police have made an arrest.
well the club i play for is called Lonestar. Go to the website and you can ask the trainers like what they suggest to do :)
I love talking with some of my female friends , They are some cool chicas when it's one on one convos and
I am the broker selling 'Mama.com Could be great name for your growing segment!
And most of the time, we won’t even notice or bother to care, because we’re too busy with out little disaster that we call life
Damn man! Next time spend a night...break out casting couch with "xtras" RT : ironically my layover is in Milwaukee
Its always good to get things out of you. Be constructive, find a healthy outlet.
lapl libraries hurting bad. Tell 2 bring back library staff.
Keep steadily before you the fact that all true success depends at last upon yourself. - Theodore T. Hunger
Why when I tell females that I'm single they Dnt believe me ????
I like Kara! She gets it!
Great day at the OUT-laws for
just wanna say thanks for all of the great Badger info you put out regularly. Happy holidays.
Don't kick som1 when they're down...cuz 1 day they might jus return the favor¡
Sometimes you wonder if anything was real at all...
me either don't worry. Thts the guys loss.
Is social media a good way to communicate or has it habitually become just a simple method to dump one's chakras?
Friends of , get your buns over here by 8 o'clock for some piping hot improv from the groovy cats of
How am i suppose to know whats wrong if u dont tell me
I can't keep up with everyone I'm following on Twitter. Need to thin the ranks. Dang.
Thank god as of tonight it's my Friday I need some days off<U+E404>
Cool...I will send you the trax tomorrow bro.
that's awesome lol
Life isn't fucking easy, but anything worth having rarely is. :C I HATE MY LIFE
Old cooking school trick. Let me know how the coconut flour turns out. I've not worked with that, that I recall.
"Because its u and me and all of the people and i dont know why i cant get my eyes off of u" those lyrics are stuck in my. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
I've learned to accept the fact that things won't always go the way you want
el oh el i wasnt hacked...not at all....
I love falling down the stairs backwards.
I agree, books & libraries are AWESOME!
I'm trying to get some !
All that is left is the artwork. Man, I need that to get done for the new EP.
RT Don’t always be funny, don’t lose your character.
Picked up my nephew's frm school, dropped off rental now n car w/ cousin rolling to the things tht her co-worker wants the teachers to do.
Miss u all to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Now I'M the one who's creepy. Whatever.
Social media should drive users to your "hub" to engage your product & make a sale. Direct correlation b/t digital engagement & sales
Um... So did I?? “: I once did a Psychiatrist Test where I answered every question with a question.”
Ew, there's 1/3 of a dead rat on the sidewalk in front of my apartment. That's the back third, in case you were wondering.
See you all in TORONTO! We show may 5!
Very cool, Scott. Post your high points during the day please.
Best Pick Up Lines? Call in @ 214-717-4678
It's a great #FilmFriday! Have a good one! *New
Nothing is easy....it's called #Boston Sports
Author tells us what his failures have taught him! Watch our NEW SHOW "My Big Fat Failure" Feb 26, 9p on
..interesting photo, dude......
black diamond my pink rang KIRKO
Good riddance to that follower I lost!
left my keys on the counter, lost my shades, spilled coffee on my dress all whilst getting coffee this AM
they would in the one i'm writing (not writing)
i love doritos in my sandwiches from subway! no lie!
I do my thing ....yup
Castrated men live an average of 13 years longer than non-castrated men.
Winning is about Lance Armstrong not
Let's spare a thought for celebrities on Twitter who voice their political opinions and must contend with an avalanche of unwarranted crap.
TYSM! 2U as well! ": Good Morning Amy Dawn, I hope your weekend is as beautiful as you are! :-)"
Happy Thirsty Thursday. :)
Adam is a very masculine and sexy character in new Florida Thriller Novel "PYTHON" by Carina Nolan only 7.89 Amazon
Way to go your future is getting better every fight!
Workforce Leadership Summit at CSN on April 13/14th, still seeking students ages 16-23... register now!!!
Drink #wine daily - And, twice on Saturday. Happy #WW tweeps!
That Target foot biting guy story is so odd I think the guy must have some type of mental illness
Great news!! The restaurant looks beautiful, too! RT Officially taking reservations! 414-763-1637
Confirm or deny: DayGlo colors are back and ready to blind us all!
her marriage ended? Already?
New Analysis From Blue Health Intelligence(R) Highlights Crozer-Chester Medical Center as a Top Performing Facility
Can I get a binky for baby Bron Bron? Hahaha love it.
Daughter: You're all dressed up, where are you going? Mom: To the bathroom, I need a new Facebook picture.
@ Mariaortizromer hello love :)
RT : Blake: Tune in! is talking w/ his daughter/speaker the rest of the hr. on surviving college...
wait until you get into the really heavy ones - from book 3 until the end it's like a roller coaster!
You're a secret Juggalo. You just want to have a giant Faygo shower!
omg i wish i could met u i live in Villa Rica ,Georgia so its not far from the ATL but you don't even know I'm alive;(
Two nights in a row without #wine?! I don't even know myself any more.
i have been so bored without twitter
Contact The Front Page. We will be excited to host your events.
Log Cabin Republicans only care about Wall Street & use LGBT as window dressing
8.5 MIL? We'll take him over here!
RT I admire anybody who has the guts to write anything at all. E.B. WHITE
AH! HOSTING TONY'S AGAIN. MY LIFE COMPLETE. LIFE. IS. WONDERFUL. NPH IS GONNA ROCK THIS! AHH. YESS!
damn i miss youu! get back in my lifee
If a guy likes me has to tattoo my name across his heart.
So excited to see and today. Wake up, guys!
thanks for sharing your picture with us! Xoxo
We went to some strip club late last night and I had to drink the ugly away.
I miss my truck.
omg. thank you.
its Miami the next 2 days for business so cityglam is happy
awww u know man..where u been?!
I don't get vodka, it's like saying I like candy and eating a spoonful of sugar. #nosubstance but hey I guess it does the trick.
#GirlsShould learn to keep there legs closed and #guysShould learn when that bitch is a bad idea #teamfollowback :)
I once got into a screaming fight with a Michigander in an apt in Rome. I still feel as passionately.
"Obama is from a planet that does not know how wealth is created!" Mitch Daniels. Wow! What was that all about? I wonder! Ah, racism!
rest: Honest, Intelligent, Jesus, K, Lovable, Music, N-, Optimistic, Piano, Q-, Radio, Successful, Trustworthy, U-, V-, Weird, X-, Y-, Zesty
West Campus bell tower songs.
Me? I love them!
Man we HANGARRRRYYY.!!!!
Yawn. Coffee.
The blue-greenish meat, that's really bad for you
There's only one corner of the universe you canbe certain of improving, and that's your own self
Music a great tool to help neuromuscular recovery, had Simplymusic, to supplement the music I play during classes.
RT “Some people want to learn and grow. Some people just want to keep making the same ole mistakes over & over again!”//ouch
ion kno *shrugs*
Started the Power of Habit last night, super fascinating read so far, hard to put down...
Thanks. That user uploaded some more of our songs too. We'll be releasing our EP this summer.
Looks like filmmakers from around the globe will be descending upon Santana Row this October, you should join us too www.sjsff.com
Nice! We'll try!
Im not allowed to strike, my wife said so...
Thanks!! We'll definitely keep you updated!
Cassadaga got us! You gotta believe!
I'm done, got work in the a.m
Please follow me? I would do the best day of all, please.-39
He's growing....Love WI Success Stories! RT : HOW MANY PEOPLE ARE IN BON IVER??
I wish there was a channel for all the old 90s shows
Dear stomach, I know you're hungry. I'm sorry to say, it just isn't gonna happen. Didn't you get enough calories from the beer?
< a girl with DREAMS (:
Would n't we all like someone else to organize our stuff
Feeling good about today
"Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore." Nope, we're in One-and-Done Land of Lexington.
The Nielsen Company reported those 45 and younger are now sending more text messages a month (236) than making phone calls (223).
Malt House?
I am devastated by the loss of #WFNX in Boston. I am a woman without her tunes.
crashed w/ me & said I was singing Aaliyah in my sleep, but glitch-style.
#boltup! RT : AFC West: San Diego is tied with Raiders, 1 game behind Broncos with 2 to play.
awwwyeaaaah girl! Thanks for having my back!
Big congrats to 'Briefcase' actor John Zderko (who play The Cop) for booking a role on Criminal Minds!
Hair cut day. Up there with my other favorites of birthday and tattoo day
Hi Beirut, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
Why am I so nervous about getting my hair done?
What an great weekend with my baby girl and family. Time to rest up and have an awesome and productive week.
The new Drake and 2 Chainz song drops tomorrow and I hope 2 Chains doesn't ruin it
Going to the Internet Librarian Conference. Reading tweets and blogs of my fellow travelers..getting excited...must leave work :-)
Yes! Yes! Yes!
I would love to live there! Where do you live here?
I love how instead of saying "stop talking" my spanish teacher says "stop flapping your gums." Lmaooooo
you the best!! (dj khaled voice)
Go to 268generation.com. Live feed. College conference. Speakers, worship by Matt Redmond and others.
generally speaking, as Steve said, even midrange SSDs will be less bottlenecked on eSATA; no downside I can see. CC
Nice feature on
. social media crew - nice meeting u guys! Loving the tweets
My take from Akinade: Africa's scientists have much to offer! Problem is access to Western data, places to publish their work.
Follow & Retweet for chances to win a Jamba Juice Gift Card by Friday! New winner announced every week. Thanks much!!!
Thanks to all who tweeted/sent text donations for HIV tests for #WorldAIDSDay. We are best when we support each other.
Did the dad die?
AP ALERT: The Indianapolis Colts announce end of quarterback Peyton Manning's playing career with club.
hahaha ok :D
for several thousand dollars you can buy an AGA stove. It is always on and ready to cook!
been home since the beginning of the month
I love the ideas presented here. Think it's spot on.
hahahahaha, I love you :P
same here! I graduate in a month & 1/2 and cannot waitt
What a joke haha “: Just got an e-mail from the college board saying its not too late to take the SAT...oh please #4moredays”
oh so cool
first base open; hit him in the face!
Cinco de Mayo-another holiday used as an excuse for getting drunk!
These Miami refs are terrible...2nd2none
What is your favorite ringtone? Mine is theme song to Austin Powers. I know, I need to update my ringtones.
This little blonde kid that's always moving in on my seat wtf man
Good Night have a good sleep and justin bieber will kiss you good night<3
Looks like I need to check Twitter more often...
sitting in a class
Bout roll up a snack and call it a night for this early morning cause where I'm from your hu$$le determines your salary!
Like, fuck. Let people be who they want to be. What is wrong with you people?
RT : A challenge I would like to see is for 'The City that never Sleeps'! An afterdark challenge to capture NYC at night.
I love you more!
Saw Wyatt in Vegas. Looks good and is much improved! “: Stetson has offered 6'9 2014 Wyatt Sikora of Florida Christian"
Took my mom out to eat :)
I need Rondo on my team, if u wanna be Westbrok, go play for another team.
To book email:
If your inner beauty is ugly what makes you think your outer skin isnt uglier
Exactly. Just enough to need taking the edge off.
RT Its Election Day! Make sure that you get out there and make a difference in the future of your children
the funniest thing is when directionators talk about how much they hate directionators.
Love spending more time waiting to see a doctor than actually talking to one...
Yes! RT : Uh oh! Have we exchanged HEATH and WELLNESS for WEALTH and HELLNESS??
#SOAD #LongOVERDUE We need you in #Oklahoma!
The Quantum theory of laundry: I put 2 socks into the dryer and only 1 comes out. Every.Time.
it's 6pm here and the sun is shining like its noon back home <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
RT : Why hasn't called Lunatic on the carpet and told him to stop this insanity?
Good luck We cant wait
- we could pull if off. No question.
first off I was joking. Clearly mindless behavior aint 5 yr olds. Their yung as hell & I call ALL yung ppl 5...r u #butthurt?
Thanks for responding! How's it going?
Two thousand dollars for ice? I can get an Eskimo for two hundred dollars and make my own ice. ~ Horse Feathers
Tough to beat Coors Original Banquet Beer when it is on draft.
One month from today is in Toledo! Come see us, and many other great bands on day 2, APRIL 15th.
Hey ya'll! Long time no chat! :) Follow Patrick from Sports Lounge on twitter He's tweeting Philly sports/entertainment/life
Track more than your child, track your husband/wife. #MT90, the latest technology in Personal GPS tracking.
thats the same thing i asked my self but hey i love the view
It's official, Arby's employees are the biggest fail in fast food. They forgot to give me marinara for my cheese sticks.
You can check in with them this Wednesday -- if not in you can reserve a copy for when it is.
I thought it was the Uptown News folks launching Gay San Diego.
cant imagine it would be me you are talking about :)
Should have hit the Harlem Shake across the stage and gave the black power fist.
lol are you seriously getting it ? ahah but any grocery store.
Even though I don't want to, bout to get this #workout in.
no. And, it's not about priorities. Ask the dictionary.
Happy 2nd Season and 1st anniversary of ANT Farm!!
"“What we’ve learned about using data is that engagement really really matters.”
Can't wait til these playoffs
#asecs12, Duross connecting sensibility with consumerism and activism through transatlantic trade networks.
did you figure out if your going to sxsw yet??
all the school activities are announced on the announcements... except swiming #thanksfortherecognition #whereisthelove?
shhhh... it's time to appreciate the game.
I will try to post photos from the party on facebook Thanks to all who came You made my 15th a lot of fun !!!!!
Supporting my local productions by watching the first episode of MAGIC CITY. Hurray for #Miami and I hope this is good!
Tons of writing has been acomplished so far this weekend, we keep this pace up and the whole game will be finished by monday!
sweet. when are you going up there
amen bro!
Hattie for Carter!!
You need a stamp... or a clone. I'd opt for the clone.
New #kronum homepage looks great, ready for pro league kickoff this Sunday!
You have no idea how many times I have to say “Doctor Who??!” while on the phone at work. LOL
I can almost guarantee that nothing has changed. Time to go make a return visit!
I want to get a kiss on the cheek by <3
lucky!! may 30th is my last day and then i have two half days for exams
lmao seriously! RT “: Idk why girls wear heels to school, calm down. your going to school, not a club ! -_-”
yesterday I had the opportunity to meet Austin but I couldn't :((((
I'll figure something out
they thought it would be funny to build a chain-link labyrinth. I saw some guy get legit caught in a boobytrap
Happy #Mother'sDay to all. Life's most important job...
Cole Adkins is our strategic accounting analyst! His work is absolutely superb!
I know it will be ok ... No worries !!!! RT
#Transformers looks like its gonna be dat shizz!!
Happy New Years from the High Guyz Productions! ! ! Yee
I wasn't serious
tomorrow to party it up for his b day!
Fuckkkkkkkk you pay me!!!
Anyone in MA or NH know where I could find creme de Yvette?
Who's heading out to see tonight??
No Zubaz print?
I meant bruh
“: follow" thanks! Enjoy the weekend!
and the $FBCD board is at it again....
Graduating in a month. Now I just need an awesome feminist political communications job.
you make me sad :( but I will see you on Monday!
S/O 2 MY #NF thanks for support by following
On my way to Green Bay to work my last Disney event for the next few months. Bittersweet.
Cant get espncom at ballgame. Anyone know how big papi, j hamilton, or arod did tonight? Cc
When you speak truth everyone may not like it but all accept it!!
k but tml
The louder the employees yell at each other in a Mexican restaurant, the better the food tastes.
I don't care how good looking you are if I look in my rear view mirror and see a cigarette in your mouth
This weekend should be fun!
Its really hard not to text u back & tell u that Blah blah blah blah imissyou
I can't stand Michael Buble's music!
Yes that is a flawless song. How is Broadway treating you?
Thanks Steve Jobs for innovation and vision, I think we may never see another!
One more witness to go.
Please follow swift lover's
I just resent it
- Jim, Thanks for the #FF. I greatly appreciate the support.
Sunny days in central California... :)
And my followers have been stucc on 25 for like 3 months
Thank you to and for a great conversation on innovative partnerships!
Happy Halloween my lovely spooky friends!!!! xoxo
Had to turn off the debates last night.
can you sign me to a record label???????
I'll keep an eye out for them! Looking forward to seeing your #innovation !
for following me :)
dont worry bruh I got u
woohoo! You're the best :)
Lovely // RT I see the robin/I picture the robin's nest/and blue egg hatchlings///
Thanks for the #Follow love today!!
One month from today, it's all yours Class of 2012. No pressure.
I feel bad for the IT folks at Comcast. I've a feeling it's a pretty major issue. Keep calm and carry on, folks.
laken and Jenna!
Fuck yeah I'm off. Lake?
as soon as someone invents a Trekkie-style transporter, I'll send you some. :-)
This is medieval! Love it!
Fun with packing. Getting the house ready to put on the market next week.
And good morning to those of you who are awake right now
It's only 6:30 in the a.m. And already it's been a day.
As if I didn't have enough of a reason to hate the state of Kansas...
Love the new tweetcaster def an upgrade
We have an upset! Tchaikovsky wins and will be featured next Friday on WQED-FM. THANK YOU!
Thanks for the follow!
is that Josh Schone?
Most breads were white, therefore they didn't have the germ or the bran in them
Aye I Got Sum Heat For Yu DM Mehh Yo Email .ASAP
Patriots fans...stop whining and just face your team is not as good as the NEW YORK GIANTS....its been proven...TWICE!
And they spell out International House of Pancakes... I was cool with IHOP
For the first time in such a long time, I can't wait for the next few weeks. I get to see my long lost bestfriend that I miss so much. <3
Happy bday to my boy
RT Affirmation: I guard my thoughts carefully and only allow positive and loving thoughts to come through.
Amen! Great job! RT Great job on decision makers the other day.
Guuurl you know it! ;D
I love s.s. class but we get way too much WAY TO MUCH HOMEWORK!!
avenge these!!!
I actually specifically made FlashCards++ to study for the #GRE, it even comes with an initial set of GRE vocab.
Take me or leave me
Lol RT ": omg what a small fucking world..yup bitch i know who the fuck you are.."
Sean Payton suspended a year and fined 500k. Spygate not so bad afterall
411 GreenWave is growing plus 1! We would like to welcome Meaghan to the Team!!!
make or break? “: #Braves have McCann, Heyward, Freeman, and Bourn. This could be big series for lefty Manny Parra out of the pen:”
DrawSomething is slowly taking over my life.
Gym time. Getting ready to hit the gym.
“: Which team is the Mötley Crüe of MLS?”. And one.
Did this drive take the entire half?
trecs is good too
are you Russian? You look like you're about cross Siberia on dog sled.
will you sing me to sleep?
How are you doing this evening?
you are my sweetest downfall
Feel like listening to some good music right now, any suggestions ?
No, it's cool. Someone offered $20 for Betsy, so we're even.
. Why is the D4 bus that's supposed to come at 6:15 pm NEVER there? It's very frustrating and completely inappropriate! Bad business.
Throwing lamps at people who need to lighten up...
Cramps :c but hanging with Eric
Great news.
Ha ha ha! you may be right, hats off to you! Just followed !
Thanks for stopping by the booth during ! , , ,
Lunch?! RT : Rolled out of bed right into ongoing project - 1st cuppa right now. Hiho!
Anyone else automatically feel better in this weather?
If people can't handle the brightness of your light? Give them some shades. Don't dim your light to please others.
Why can't you just be mine?..
Chicken and waffles. Can't wait for the morning
I hate making these guesses, but I don't think it will crack a 6
Tell me!
Nowhere near tired.
You tough sob! You are a badass Greg.I still want a rematch.Lol.Take care amigo.Hope to see you soon brother.
Make your own luck!
Steve Blake guarding Russell Westbrook maybe the biggest mismatch in #NBA history
and to think uu were different from the others . tuh #Joke`sOnMe
San Diego Reader | interview: Kirby Bliss Blanton
Yes! Yes! "Le Freak" - Nile Rodgers' memoir - is the best read out there! AND I really did read it, Nile! Haha!
i bet you wanna go to are's doe(;
Good Hit!
Bout to check out at Lunchtime Live on Capitol Square. Unfortunately 4 them there was no tent ordered today...Frizzle Fry.
How long until #Romney releases a statement that the surplus should have been bigger?
it should only be called if dudes plow through the defender... you shouldn't get rewarded for just camping around the rim
BMW 3 Series Sports Wagon coming to the U.S. in Spring 2013. No details on engines yet. More info soon...
Ok....so Novel Blogging is coming soon thanks to a pricing glitch. =D (any second now)
Let's back up. Coffee as a carcinogen. That's just wrong. Pickled vegetables, maybe, excluding cucumbers. And beets and....
Not sure yet
#IThankGod for you and everything else.
great - glad to help Kim. I'm blessed to say Ive gotten to know the Smith's very well in last 2yrs.
my ability to take things seriously is constantly at war with my sense of humor. i.e strong desire to give #ows in union square a map.
So how DO you build a skate park here in Nola? working to get support and funding
FREE DRINKS TODAY - be among the first 5 people to say the secret word "MONKEY" to the bartender and your first drink is free.
What I do? Lol RT Man she is too foolish I swear u gone wana fight her ass
Uh white stuff...dont think thats supossed to happen!?
nuhuhhh. i have people who call me lex all da time doe :c
thanks you are so sweet and yeah I hope we stay friends and meet sometime too! And I love Chinese food :)
“ As a #Leo because you're so powerful, it can be hard for you to find a partner.”
It's important that u stand out through all the clutter on #SocialMedia. Shake things up; post different content & see what happens!
Why does a slight tax increase cost you two hundred dollars and a substantial tax cut saves you thirty cents?
UPDATE: Our #ArtLook map, identifying which have #ArtsEd programs, will ripen over the weekend and go live 1/30. Can't wait!
Its so pretty out today!!! Doors are wide open. I can totally smell spring <3 The fever has set in. Uh oh.
me too!
CUTE 1DIRECTION LOVE STORIESS HERE /O/ &THERE ! OMGG ! IN LOVE WITH THESE PEOPLE WRITTING SUCH AMAZING STORIESS!
The hue and cry system said that citizens who didn't come to aid in cries for help could be punished. All homes needed a weapon.
osaka after school?
We can not believe the season is coming to an end. Time flies when your having fun.
I found the ending to be more exciting than any LOTR book. It's by far my favorite of Tolkien's stuff.
Don't mess it up NSU!!!
Tyto owls are the prettiest animals ever.
Attending the event tonight night at 6:30? Reminder: tweet about it using
I litteraly hate my school but good thing it's break.
That little bit of hope is what keeps me going..
Watching Plateau LMS product enhancements 6.4 at conference. Easier nav / robust search / drag 'n drop / more!
The Biz Kid$ organization is gearing up for a long ....but fun next week. Biz Kid$ Camps will be running & @ Park Avenue Festival
Lots of cookie favors from last night.! Great evening-thanks for being with us! <3 <3 <3
did I miss you? Not intentional - lemme fix when back in office.
Is that too much? Lol I asked but no one responded... LOl
ur winning as in successful
saw #koolskull do two songs totally nKed tonight at 2nd st jazz <U+E214><U+E11C>
I thought you'd like it. It's a bit expensive, but would be nice. Get Express to offer it.
thanks for the #FF shout-out!
Haha you too! :)
Overheard: Leaders are about people. Managers are about processes.
Do you have a facebook.? Because theres alot of fakes of you so, I wanna add the real one.?(: Thanks.<3
Haven't played bball in 3 months. Got to get on it for those summer day battles at the Blue Ash Rec.
such an inspirational person: Ari Grande <U+2665>
I'd better make money tomorrow, or else I will be livid I couldn't spend the day with my momma.
Shanks is out.
Finally Friday! What are your plans for the weekend?
All day long.
Music can change ya mood in seconds
I can't stop thinking about you.
A man cannot directly choose his circumstances, but he can choose his
Peace is the deliberate adjustment of my life to the will of God.
thanks Brian!
MT Are the Nuggets skimping on per diem? CBrewer hitting up the press room tacos pregame...<Maybe they dont have good tacos in Den?
worked 15 hours, just wanna go home, but no.. gotta sit in a traffic jam on the highway. My car hasn't moved in 17 minutes. Ugh!
who do I start? Phillip Rivers or Cam Newton?
Looking for #newhappyhourspots in downtown Denver...dive-ish/pub-ish preferably. Go!
RT: If you work with computers, you really must read George Dyson's Turing's Cathedral. It is our foundation story.
Wat a jerk
Remember we are opened 24 hrs a day and our LIVE dispatch is ready to serve all your courier service needs!! 877-527-5737
I really hope they're one.. if anything at least the at store is unified.
I never wore a size 4…even when I was 10 yrs old.
#ICNY Re Book of Mormon tix: Sorry, I forgot you can DM me only if I follow you. You can just express interest with a Tweet
well thank you!:)
Novak is the nicest gunner in the league #truth<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
*what is?
when's ur birthday?
Cause she just sucks as an actress and her voice is annoying
God please get me through today.
Looking forward to the Social Media Symposium this Friday Alumni Center
These past couple weeks have been hard. :/
lol wait! There is one!! <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085>
have a great Sunday!!
Thanks so much, Grace!
Memory is a way of holding on to the things you love, the things you are, the things you never want to lose
TGIF - What are you planning for your weekend?
im from Derby Kansas :D
it's a really crappy day
I'm watching Anders Osborne at New Orleans Jazz Festival 2012 shredding it!
Thanks for tweeting my story, Rosa.
Bad Girls Club!
On my way to get a massage! It's that kind of day :)
please try adding a seattle tour date! #Bring1DtoSeattle 42
No worries! I have all of Tony's Voice tunes (and other great tunes)... I'll bring them with me. =)
I wanted you to take me on a date. (8
We're giving away a DUCATI at #interop - stop by booth #1117 for a chance to win!
Omg math is retartd!!!! I Hav my math midterm tomorow o this should be fun, right? =/
Congressional needed that rain to cool the course off after Rory torched it
damn no way I can do it weekend after Seattle bummer. Wonder if is taking a full two weeker?
RT : Alert! Alert! We are bringing you Beyonce' New Joint "Run the World (Girls)" Tonight on !!! 6pm! Don't miss out!
Good , I was worried for a moment there! Jk take lots 'o pics!
Thanks to Doug Haddix, mostly. Say hi him for me.
Come down to the AVP Championships and support our team ZICO athletes , Sean Scott, , Stay Hydrated!!
My horse Stormy is a loving part of my coaching tool kit. He guides non riding clients to discover trust in themselves by trusting him.
is your book on google books?
Brock Lesnar is kicking John Cena's ass. This quasi-MMA Cena snuff film is great if you hate Cena which is everyone over the age of 12.
YAY!!!!!!!! RT : Looks like I'll be in Vegas next Weds!! *does lil 2 step*
RT - Monday Night Football DOLPHINS vs. PATRIOTS! CANT WAIT! LETS GO MIAMI!!!!!!!!!
hahaha! I miss you! We need to get together ASAP.
Tired & worn out & my nights not even done yet lol How are you?
Thanks ya'll!
I'm depressed, My Broski is no longer the United States Champion! But I am still a Broski!
haha maybe for you. Im just like um come on bro. But I only got a good 15 minutes of cuddling in me before I want to move to sleep
awk, i always thought he was ugly lolol.
RT : I do so love how #acappella brings people together.
Feel better (:
Not good, hope it's not his trigger finger. “: My sons friend cut his finger off at my house while I was at work. This sucks”
thx 4 visiting! : 4,500 museum people at #AAM2012 in Minneapolis, MN are headed back to cultural institutions around the world.
Andre 3Stacks #something serious
of course <3
Happy Monday and Halloween, all! Hope everyone had a spooktacular and safe weekend!
The fishy smell of fish means it's not very fresh.
Great show by tonight at Swingers Club ! W/
NHS was BOOOOOOOOOORINGGGGG! but I have a certificate and a card and candle wax on my hands!
I can't believe she left him I thought that they were happy
Make him better, feel appreciated, supported and loved :)
“: But like i said a while ago: its not low key if i put it on twitter lol”I'm watching Michigan fab 5 right now
thank ya brother
i love you
And yes I just realized I spelled 'tattoos' wrong :P
I NEED to be asleep. I'm tired. Stupid phone.
Loved your priss pot post. I hope you are doing well. I was sorry to hear about the loss of your friend.
No wonder she lost she said "moist"
we're excited to meet you!
Woke up feeling like a new nigga (y)
yes please!!
Don't nobody touch my kids....its a WRAP!!!
Ah haha !:DRT : *cries :'(( RT : Ate Susakis sushi for lunch today it was delicious <3
Meditations=dates with the Devine
my kitch smells like fish sauce. gross. dinner? AMAZING.
guess we going to have to wait for the season haha still
Jan Pieter van Voorst van Beest speaks at the Friday Local Author Series about "New Mainers" in the Lewis Gallery! 5/4 @ noon!
lol yeah. get in dat box!
There might be a lot of them but Mexican people look like they work hard. Happy 420! In 20 minutes I'm going to beat off , JK lol
Back at tonight! Maybe we can trick into comin out sometime this week
the curt head bow of the Japanese is pretty inviting
Before I got fat everyone used to say that I looked like Adam Lambert, now I'm just Jack Black
what a monday...
Well about 10:30 Lord she puts me in drive, turns all the lights down and man alive...
It was! RT Had a fantastic evening w/ & more. Fantastic people! Hope to see them a lot
any more good and evil codes all redeemed :[
I like people who are nice to people.
why is everyone in such a rush for me to get married?
new at 11...woman tells her story for the first time after being shot three times last week.
RT : because it has a singular focus, which is always dangerous < ah, understood. But then simple ideas are seductive!
Follow Me On Instagram
Never Let Ahh Good Thinq Go Cause Of Ahh Little Mistake ' Everybody Aint Perfect ...
I'm happy that you're coming on over to the Lord's side...but with Sprint tho? HA! #Yowza Trust me...AT&T is better
Pls follow and I will DM you the info.
Friday Family Safety Tip: "Keep the oven door shut while cooking. Each time you open the oven the temperature decreases 25-75°"
Hearing some fantastic changes in pedagogy based on personalized learning portfolios. The opportunities are endless! *edchat
OKL was +1300 to win NC : If Jaz Reynolds is really suspended the 1st seven games for Oklahoma, that's a massive loss.”
That's all, and in the metric system, only 2 meters, and 7 centimeters; not a silly millimeter longer. How short are you?.
get ready because here I come!
11:11 I need a few more then one wish
Burnt toast - oops!
First pass at reconciling artist name vs. ULAN: 61% hits. Contemporary / new media artists wrecking the curve, I suspect...
Good morning SD! Ignore Gray May with a workout inland today.
Did y'all get yours yet?
: is excited to be partnerning up with violartist.com
....and tomorrow,we leave for Angola..Singing @ Luanda Jazz Festival
Smartphones: Is Apple or Samsung No. 1?
"So I'm getting head, and he's gonna come"
sorry haven't been on all day. I have one but don't get on it.
See? I'm so cool they follow me even though I don't live in StL anymore. Top that. And by the way, is awesome!
Manchacho! I just like it lol RT Q10. You are hereby granted super powers to be a super hero. What is your new name?
even thing you say turns me off LOL
Wow! I don't know if I deserve such good company, but thank you!!!!
ask if she's on twitter! “: on the same bathroom schedule as woman in my office. We've run out of awkward chatter, now what?”
nope state testing was awhile ago. It means 'Whittier Outdoor Week' basically 8th graders just go outside & on field trips(:
This game is fucked in Portland.
leave everything in a box on the porch with a note!!!
Don't forget: author Alex Sanchez is visiting Oct 24 at 3:00pm Main Library.
SCHOOL IS OUT FOR SUMMER! What are your favorite summer activites for kids?
this is why I love you
Seriously way too serious
Car bumper sticker seen: "This Car us a Horcrux"
Holy crap!! I am at Tucson Mall right now, I think I'm going to head over there.
go to bed
after that it's a fairly sizeable dropoff
“: You, , are very missed in Nashville my friend! Thanks for the message! Keep in touch.” Will do--hope to visit soon :)
If you're a bird, I'm a bird <U+2665>
No shut eye just writing music like always up all night, putting in the hours
Tiffany McClary from sharing upcoming project: one-stop marketing shop online 4 NJ libraries. Can't wait to use!
Yay! Glad you enjoyed!
I'm 300! Hi fellow RD!
Anybody else know that Dick Cheney doesn't have a pulse?
When love is not madness, it is not love. ~Pedro Calderon de la Barca
hi there, Brandon! thnx for the follow back
YES lunch time!!!
Q1: Vocation is the vehicle that gains momentum from what fuels your heart.
It sucks when your favorite band is barely starting touring but won't be in the states until a couple years or so :c
Dear GameStop male employee, when a woman hands you a game please assume it's for her and not the man standing behind her.
aww, follow me back for one direction!!
fix that shit ASAP!
Watching #TheGoodWife but laughing at the tweets about
Wipped That's A Funny Word
Too cool!
yah...life is good...
lmao oh ricardo ... don't you just love him (:
very cool. Happy to be able to help promote it. :)
Thanks to the man above for wakin me an my Fam this an everyday:-)
yea we all goin up to Lawton
He's got boots and I've got wings; Cowboys and angels <3
Have a nice week end every one!! :-)
hi buddy!
Molly "Overeem" says King Mo - awesome fight!
I get jealous because I'm afraid someone is going to make you happier than I do.
Tonight at Sangria 35 dolla wrist bands for all night drinks ( beer & mix drinks ) from 10:30-5am come get it in best deal in the chi .
hahah its cool girl, yeah segen was in the background lol
How is Bibby formed?
nice haha that crazy series. Good luck to em tomorrow don't wanna go back to Pitt!!
what size shirt you want?
What happened, little brother?
Thank you! No hard feelings about the elevator ride!
"A free service must [$-ly] benefit those that run it, or that service will die." What if the developer gets paid elsewhere?
Clearpath is seeking experienced Account Executives with aptitude and focus on Virtualization, Storage and Unified Computing. Contact me i…
length shouldn't be a problem, and yes, it handles better than you think it should.
#ThursdayThanks to everyone :)) 868 follows! Don't forget #1000 wins an autographed CD! Have a blessed day!
I told u ur my heart how can I live without my heart.
Thanks Dana!!
Who loves Washington?
Putting 1D and BTR posters up.! (:
Wow! Really nice designs. I love to collaborate with you.
Let the torture begin .. #school <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A3>
hehe, oh no, what did we do?!
where's the pic of ihim "smoking" I Wana see
"An internet full of creative writing won't save the ship."
I know all I'm doing is waisting my time.
Even though it's Valentines day, it felt great to come home to an empty house:-)
she aint beautiful fool shes flawless and she justin's girl. man you cant get it youre asking to get humiliated again
I may come over to the McKinneys and take care of their pool a few times for some decent pay. And play with Annie of course. lol
Bad things happening on Downtown Abbey! That's unheard of! Absurd!
Gosh i love doing facials...so relaxing!
The walk of shame when you have to put something back in a store after your mom says no.
I missed your posts! Traveling is a good life, it suits me well- though there is that pesky job issue that keeps coming up. ;)
my apologies
then how are we suppose to spread the good message?!
My boob must be hanging out or something. Now the gas station guy's flirting with me. wtf? I'M OLD!!
So cool to connect with you
but I AM taller than you, so :) I win
is the man
I started out with nothing and I still have most of it.Thats not mine.
lmao he wanted you :)
RT : At the end of the day, No ring = Options.
Yeah I'm really liking the onesie. Can we get me one?! Haha. I've never seen one for my size!
All these sensations got me going crazy for you <3
Fed-up and disgusted, Penangites cannot wait to give Najib the big boot!
During sidebar, Patrick sits with hand folded by his mouth, closing eyes as if in thought. Gov's legal counsel is in rear of court.
yee ha RT : Hacking me some bacon and unicorns with and at
today was shitty got to go back to the doc to make sure zah hole that she has in her heart is still close
Matter of Fact... #ASAP (A Sick Alpha Party) JANUARY 20!!!! INDMIX!!!!!
Dare to be yourself!
send me a text =)
A bit biased toward smart, strong, funny women but felicia and holly are working it as hosts.
about to finish two more classes...halfway to my degree. God is good.
RT “: I'm loyal to who loyal to me”
The mushroom pasta that my husband is making smells delicious. :)
Goin back to bed <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
Easy DVD Creator 2 Get for Free include serial download - blank dvds 8 5gb
Even big brands can sign off their tweets with personal initials e.g. McDonalds says
I love how a Jr Cheeseburger Deluxe is $1 CHEAPER than a regular Jr Bacon.
hope not
Shout out to for being not as thug as I am
My headphones would be better boyscouts than me. It ties 12 different knots when I can barely tie my shoes
changed my profile pic idk if i like it?!?!
let's close this library down and get to the weekend!
Clams Casino - I'm god <U+266A><U+266A>
Not until Thursday AM. I'm presenting at Mass Lib Assoc tomorrow then flying in. You will still be around, yes?
Scientist Yan Lauri studies IDIA Virtual Artist in Residence C. Morigi's wind observatory for his lecture @ the Kira Institute.
Happy 10 years! Congrats.
Design tip: Measure and plan your room first before you purchase furniture. www.cliointeriordesign.com
His facebook page is well done. "Like" him there and learn about every vote he casts & why. He defines transparency
If this train don't move any faster I'm gonna miss my boat. And I'm already in my nautical gear!
So my wisdom tooth is coming in and causing me to have a ear ache too! As if the pain from my wisdom tooth wasn't enough! :(
Good. glad it's not intentional
is a boss, hands down.
yay! Come back often! “: I visited and researched yesterday and it was awesome!”
Did U know? According to CDC most of sodium we eat (about 80%) is not poured from a saltshaker, but found in processed & restaurant foods
let me see
I am incredibly exhausted. Brb gonna sleep for about four days.
then tried to say *oh i picked it up cause you left it there* lie lie lie..it was messy and sad.
I am not fooling around just so you know I am just trying to lock something inside ... So sorry if I seem distant or distracted
Everyone add me on scramble with friends! :) if you have one though lol dirtydannnnn
i have to much going on and to much on my mind
& thanks for the RT's!
Chose GoDaddy after prev host acquired by Hosting. :-( RT "Happy at HMS until acquired by Hosting.com. Now at Bluehost."
Well, I live in NC, but I'm not about to go for the Bobcat's, haha. Lakers have always been my team.
thank you Mr. Naz
Happy New Year!
thanks for the shout! Sorry I missed you.
I love it there! Stop by Mr. Ramen, if you can. It's right down the street, They've got the best vegetarian ramen!
I guess 23. Original, huh?
Did anyone else get a good photo from any of the #SeattleReads events for THE SUBMISSION w/ ? We would love to see them!
"Hockey parents not complaining about icetime tonight...except Stu Bickle."
We are excited to be joining the community!
Nice work. Keep it up.
ck out may have interest.
ong omg are you Dvr ing it
Why in the world is a sushi place in Melbourne following me? Must have something to do with
Had to get a whole new engine.=not happy. :-/
Word-of-mouth advertising, thanks to collaboration with students on mobile site
Showing love and support to your page!
thank u! Xo
My life would have been so different if I'd gone to Air Force / Naval Academy. Still haven't decided if it was for the better or worse.
My favorite was when someone got caught plagiarizing the other TA in the course -- who had recommended the piece as a source.
Go Andrew! Cool.
Shower then face time with Nista
im just kidding :D
George Harrison.
Ah church tonite
I love lucy haleee cnt wait to c what happens in pll tonight with ezria
Down by three
just really excited for summer haha
So happy today is my Thursday. That's all. today is your Friday! Woooooohooooooo!
Check it out! is delivering Free Fruit to Downtown/Midtown Memphis today - send them a tweet!
“: #IfITellYou how i feel you should really feel special. opening up to people is something i usually don't do.”
It's 2:22 am I got 2 go2 bed. Nite Nite Love U . Yeah U know Love U
Thanks for the mention:)
RIP Dick Clark. New Year's will never be the same without you.
You don't have a soul. You are a soul. You have a body. ~ C.S. Lewis
No other way RT : Staying classy on the road! RT I just used a bidet.
I can't understand why I still love ya, and why I can't mean it when I say fuck it
I don't wanna be alone tonight.
I think by man-handling. HA! Get it??
I feel so weird. My life needs to stop being complicated
EVERYONE GO SUB MRBAYBEE101
I cant wait to see you friday<3 eeeep!
Damn how long dose it take to drive here...
This is see you later, I'm not into goodbyes
Amazing (not in a good way) when all the end-of-semester lies and shenanigans come from ONE STUDENT.
Any Ideas.?
true but can'tthey report on tumblur to cuz i would so do that
Hey Steve Happy New Year! I have a question to ask you, what's the best email address to reach you?
#employment will nt eradicate ol human dificulties, but it wil help poor,hungry, unfortunate Americans deal with some of their difficulties.
I know all about catching up. That's all you do in law school. ;)
Woohooo! Proud moments, just saw GB Magazine's new ad in fashion valley mall!!!
people way misuse the term "thorn in my side".
Just the # of posts. So many posts in one day would fill my feed and take too much time to go through. Esp. for <U+77E5><U+3089><U+306A><U+3044><U+4EBA><U+3002>
Looking forward to my #Harlem summer. Flight booked.
of course ^_^
Thanks! We will definitely get on that!
La primavera está aquí y las alergias, ¡también! - spring is already here and allergies too!
Extra loud by me... people wish they were off. :)
I will never be too good to help someone if I am able! I just don't have that in me.
"Every time someone gets on a computer, 30% of them go to #facebook." - according to comScore, as presented by
we need to reexamine this bucket of yours! Signed, all of your friends.
"Hundreds of Allie's everywhere have student debt. You can't help them all, but you can make a difference to one Allie, by donating today."
“: idk. i just really don't like facebook iconiacz.....” I feel that they are kinda slow. Idk
Just a few moments to everything has changed its meaning...!?
alright, I sent it again from my other email. Hopefully it works this time!! :)
"If he deserve it buy his sh*t too"
Thanks to all of the crowd on clermont that packed a full house thank you all for w wonderful show
it's been awhile since i laughed as hard as i did at 21 jump street.
You should follow me cause I make good pancakes.
Chip Caray has no idea where any fly ball is going.
Nothing better than waking up to you're mom telling you there is no school today (:
totally true!! It takes like not even half the time !
Points for writing an article on scholarly social networks, but the article itself was rambling & lacked coherence.
hey, what happened to happy john? Got the week off?
Burlington later
In Medias Res => Into the midst of affairs
If my wife can make waffles, aw man......I'm going to lose it.
RT : A5: Be visible, be effective, be dependable, be consistent = be a success.
yall are gonna get marrird and have cute little babies and i will be there god mother!
LOVE RT : Now there's a slogan - "Rhubarb! Quite tasty in wartime and famine."
no problem. I'll keep you and your families in my prayers.Stay in touch and know your father has eternal happiness with God!
New Management, New Agent, SAG, and Disney/Pixar! :)
I sent you an email and am waiting for a response. Please email me ASAP at
the slumpbreaker streak maker
heck of a way to show off the K, not our pitching
acupuncture has been used on animals for 3000 years. Then primarily d for workers: .horses.now dogs, cats, birds, rodents and reptiles!
that "I touched it coach" basketball commercial is so damn fake... No one would admit that
Home at last. I'm going to have to go to work at some point.
Football huge financial drain at my alma mater, uni brought in consultants to demo this, still wouldn't cut the program.
Oh great #guru, please whisper in my ear a TE that shal replace antonio gates. Mekaleka-hi-meka-hiney-ho.
doesn't seem like they will. It boggles my mind. They make so many poor decisions. Carson Palmer for 2 first rounders???? CRAZY!
some of us work on Wednesdays :-)
Happy Spring! We're rolling around in cherry blossoms. Sup with you other wafflers?
Could today get any worse? Sure can...
Maybe cause she had food
on to the lower extremity in today's #chiropractic symposium. Dr. Moreau makes it easy.
why do i loose all my fucking clothes?
Don't believe the hype!
You should probably have more clothes on to do that...
i laugh with love
some shit you just can't even begin to resist.
Leather rinse repeat!
mission accomplished, I was properly freaked out watching it. When the chat said "save your energy" I thought power outage
Coffee/Lunch is right up my alley great idea. I'm stacked next 4 weeks but after that we can get together. Thx 4 the invite.
Need to let my phone charge
To ride a horse is to ride the sky
lol it won't be the same without the disco van!
#fridayreads Proust & the Squid - fascinating, about our brains and reading, importance of early language experiences
Inside job
I feel like I'm chilling in Antarctica. <U+26C4>
and congratulations to you for your shortlisting too! V much deserved!
I have it all configured & it's working great! :-) It was easy to setup. Thanks!
Mr Obama and Mrs Clinton; have you heard about that before you talk about Egypt "Riots" on Jan?
well then we may have to agree to disagree. #HookEm FOREVER!
fer sure!!
Big Ang is a mess lol
Go TWISTA !!! and E
IF you go to the tulip Festival, there is a very good Chinese Restaurant just north of town.
Lol. Hey boo!
RIP Levon Helm.
why the heck is not following anyone???
Chill day, finally get to relax <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>
Woohoo!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Lisa Lampanelli tweet me today!!! Today will be a good day!!!
and now people on the patio show up with a wedge and a putter
Just saw 's #veryharoldandkumarchristmas in NYC premiere and it was awesome! 5star rating from me! Job well done Kal!
(2/2) will download Bookends trial tomorrow to see how it compares
oh my God no way!!
Why do some people go out of there way to make someones life hell? Pisses me off.
drove to school listening to lola sing starlight by love her beautiful rendition! great send off for a week of travel.
Thousands of years ago, cats were worshipped as gods. Cats have never forgotten this. Anonymous
So great standing with you in solidarity this evening brother.
that's just sad smh
Software Engineer - Bjorksten | Bit 7 #Hodgkins, IL; email resume to
Has there ever been a time that you overcame a barrier to achieve a dream? (Mine was gravity.)
no, never.
i knew this was going to be a problem the fact that were both jamaican like he must think he can talk to me how he want it doesn't work!!
S/O TO MAGIC CITY IN ATLANTA GA.NO4 HAD A BLAST
On my way 2 Good Friday mass I heard Isiah is out of a job & Mike Woodson still has the interim tag, Knicks fans, I'll pray for us all
#thegridlive Great critiques!
This is a time when we need to smile more and Hollywood movies are supposed to do that for people in difficult times. Steven Spielberg
With Northern Iowa beating Kansas...you think they actually have a legitimate shot of winning it all?
Peyton please RECORD IT! I have to miss #SandersSunday :((( PLEASE PLEASE RECORD IT <21 thanks!
Packer's fan all the way, but that was an AWESOME interception . . .
that's an awesome quote!
JUSTIN MEET HAYDN !!! X :)
me too I fuking hate that I love u
Lakers fans are panicking like crazy right now
Hey Bryce Harper...nice rat-tail...I know you're young..but good god..cmon son...
what is this link to?
We're back from spring break and open for business! Give us a call, we missed you!
Happy Easter!!
sounds like a plan! :D
I remember u to sexy i'm gud how r u
baby elephants lmao
lol okay. Well I'm excited! I love the way they take pictures I would always use Bailey's ha. I have an android & omg
Picked up tickets and SAW !!! I waved but he didn't see me D:
We've got iPad II fever in the office.
RT : When they told Derrick Rose he tore his ACL, he said "My ackle?"
follow me austin mahone
follow back
I Am An
Hawaii! Can we enter? We need to win a trip! ;-)
agreed. Signed...a Dead fan
Daily Dose of Goodness: A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing.
Top romantic songs Christmas countdown: 'All I want for Christmas is You' Mariah Carey . What's your fav?
You know, if I were famous enough to be verified, I'd change my twitter handle to
sweet! There's a sergeant in my shop who played on the 2nd place team says they lost lots of guys and he'd keep me updated
r.i.p. troy davis
a few more things to get in order but we are all excited! Will you be there?
We hope everyone enjoyed all the events this weekend. With the last week of #anhkc here, get ready for some more Kansas City arts greatness
Can't wait to see you! I'll treat to you something as a congrats for finishing NBCT work! :)
oh well that's not so bad lol.
All these songs they used on #NYUndercover... It's just never coming out on DVD, is it? :-(
"Abundance is not something we acquire. It is something we tune into." (Wayne Dyer) Hope your weekend overflows with joy. :-)
Ouija. It's only a game. Isn't it?
Marquis Theatre come get loose!
Comcast Awards $173,000 In Scholarships To Pennsylvania High School Seniors
I miss POP
Video game addict
I'll check it when I get home
doh! But you seem like a very nice guy :)
text me 8594940098 .
Thanks for joining us tonight and to those who called and e-mailed this week. Stay in touch over the coming days!
I don't understand how girls can be so stupid to have babies with losers who arent your boyfriend
#lsubcs #bcs #lsu Bama is severely outnumbered in the dome, but they all have pom poms by God ....
Remember: Trick or treating in Bay View is this Saturday from 5-8 pm. Have a fun and a safe time.
No Fitness by the Fountain tonight. Sad not to Zumba, but grateful for the rain on the lawns!
That awkward moment when, notices none of your tweets. & all you do is tweet him... D:
put some lyrics to a few riffs dave wrote...first songs comin together nicely
Sunday is the kick-off for National Infertility Awareness Week 2012 (NIAW), from April 22-28. Please RT
are you ready for some #Nuggets domination?!?
Justin Bieber – Boyfriend (Audio) Mental Scribes With The Volitile ...
OH SWEET BABY JESUS..... Vinny....your killing me! (;
i just learned what kik was tonite! haha shhhh don't laugh at me =P direct msg me on here
yay!! Congrats!! You are made for this!
Great way to spend my last day of my summer..back to reality tomorrow
When playing a dangerous person, don't.
Maybe try a few Advil? I always find Excedrin helps headache type pain better. For me
Who else is watching ??
Hello! MI teens read everything! I've been interested in Dystopian Lit as a current trend. Lots of it being written now.
I'm so sober smh big problem lol. Who tryna kick it on this lovely Saturday
put the phone down then :p <-Kelsey xoxo>
it's true. I've seen you cry maybe three times. We've been friends for 13 years boo.
For the instagram photo challenges I just pick the random days that I want to participate in..
I know the statistics.
I'm not perfect, I'm only human. So if I do mistakes, Read the first sentence again.
When adding the Blog we ran into some tech problems registered users if you are experiencing problems logging in please send message FB
“: "Pop a Molly then a blunt call me high roller" #weezyF”
An apple a day, NOT a hershey bar ~ thx Jim Rohn
#indieID RT : SPAMMING is the lazy and cheap man's approach to MARKETING.....
Yea I'm going alone also still be fun
Invisible Children preps next act, amid 'raves and ridicule' - USA TODAY
Hahahaha "That man loves me. Don't you see? It's written all over his back." -Quark Such a perfect response for his character to make.
It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia Special! 9-11 $1 off Craft Drafts. The show airs at 10pm. Rum-Ham Yo!
we're gonna make it happen girl:)
That quote really checks in. I will be thinking about that for while. Thanks for that retweet.
RT "funny when ur dead how people start listenin..." <U+2190><U+2190><U+2190><U+2190>
Just finished week 3 day 2 of #C25K with ! Running for a cause with
another great time, see you next year
Sex aint better then love by TreySongz
Good night. Now I have a headache.
yep. Add a Gatorade and then a beer and ur ready to rock!
Right. Middie/striker.
Tallahasse, you are too kind! Jacksonville, here we come!
never accepting inadequacy. I walk before I allow MTA to hinder my travels because I know MTA isn't normal.
good luck!
Sleep is overrated anyway..:-/
have seen it...actually buddies w g.w. Bailey...pretty lame comedy tho
i'll be trying to catch up on things tomorrow & Sunday, if I ever get Internet back
i am now
You believe in me don't you! LOL I had this little concoction with salmon, shrimp and noodles with broccoli. Very nice!
at the Aronoff Center for an event called Dance Cincinnati! Six different dance companies...thnkng about you! Blessings! Dad
Hey I'll play for the U.S. Olympic team for free. I'd even pay to do it
oh and cant forget the Benjamins
I'm so sunburned that my race numbers, after being washed off, are still burned into my arms!
I hope karma comes back a u b$®@! I hate u i dnt even know y r u in this world nobody likes u cuz u r always bossing every around thts y
Elvis has a new movie coming out. Yes, that Elvis. Find out more at theentertainmentbucket.com
Tired as hell! My nose feels broke
There is a place for everyone in the big picture. To turn your back on any one person, for whatever reason, is to run the risk of losing...
The name change of THE WETTEST COUNTY IN THE WORLD to LAWLESS made SO much more sense when I learned the Weinstein Company was involved.
Is Joe Beninatti singing the anthem?
yikes! Bring you bagels Saturday morning?
Finally on G+. Don't know how I, the guy who is first in line for everything, was shut out for this long. I'm loving the circles.
Who's gonna go see Avengers at 1030 with me? Speak up now so I don't gave to go alone.haha
I managed to force myself out of a crappy mood this morning by making my coworkers laugh...I love it when that works out :)
I dont wanna be the farmer's daughter i wanna be the farmer!(:
WHERE THE PANCAKES AT
This albums gonna be fire... nothing less
I'm very well and enjoying your many late contributions to the online literary conversation. Can't wait to read more!
Ready for da weekend!!!
Everyone says u deserve better but there no one is willing to give it to u..:/
I FINALLY GOT A FUCKING JOB. I am now a Pizza Hut server. :D
Like this is news to you. As if. Psh.
Vj projector set up
Dreamt last night that the real housewives of Orange County maliciously set up lawn sprinklers in my kitchen. I don't even watch that show.
Goodbye, Willy Wonka, hello sustainably farmed chocolate! Chocolate manufacturers are recognizing the value in sustainable cocoa farming.
RT : Sb1070: not about equal protection under the law, but about unequal persecution under the law
Success is how high you bounce when you hit bottom. - George S. Patton
I love it! i love helping others! BTW - I grew up in SO. : )
When my hair gets stuck in my lipgloss <<<<<
can you please follow me ? ilove you so much and i always watch Victorious ! <3
They hunt and shoot gators. It's pretty much the best show ever created!
I would totally kill people for money. Officer Sherman.
enjoy niall <3 would you follow or tweet me darling ;) we miss you back here in Ireland! come home!!!
Thanks for following me! :)
Is looking forward to #jujitsu then conditioning tomorrow morning with Gabriel Rainho and the #combatcompany #mma crew!
I miss Scott studios (can't believe I'm saying that)
Back seat windows up!!
email me we will meet. I will answer every question I can and get answers to those I don't know
I can't sleep!
Thanks for the scoop!
Congrats! What will you be doing there? RT : Thank you! I start next Wednesday :)
We are having customer appreciation day on April 15th, 10am-2pm. Would love to have your folks at store.
Brand new website, brand new season. Welcome to our 74th Season!
Ikr if she could see me rn she'd be glad I wasnt in school hahah... anyway are you serious? what didnt she like?(x
Going out to the green house
Enjoying the #holiday season! how about you?
I'll just say it. I thought Remember the Titans was really really bad.
Fuck you. Pay me.
I've never seen someone have so much fun. ;)
And we're here! #gdc cc:
#qcmerge #ngs2012 Cincy's got it all going on!
Show choir festival complete!
Easy now! Don't make me separate you two!
If an essay says due may 11 can i turn it in that night?
it was amazing<3 can you put it on itunes..? :)
I am truly amazed that you think the letter behind someone's name is more important than a decade of honorable service.
Keeping secrets from about #wedding related things is quite tricky. BUT I'M NOT TELLING :)
RT : Believe with all of your heart that you will do what you were made to do.
just got done doing work around my house. bored now! ashly<3
#FOLLOW these Great People
If I had known it was just that easy -- film fights w/ my family and get a show I would have done that after film school!
If you don't have haters on the way to the top,you're doing something wrong.
": Does ANYONE understand why the Broncos are trying to trade Brandon Lloyd?">He openly hates Tebow and says Orton is way better
looking forward to our visit this morning on
sure is!!
I'm waiting for facebook to insert a 'remix' button for musician pages.
nice point and worth a try...
seems like we're having the same morning
Congratulations! :D
no probs (; hey biznatch, is your phone fixed? (;
Yes sir.
Finished shooting the next artist video blog for #PhillyDrawAThon, should have it up on youtube later tonight.
Relationships are like drugs they either kill you or give you the best feeling of your life. <U+2665>
Watching Mean Girls on the bus.
Woohoo.. Today just got WAY better. :D
Sun Aura Resort is eating up Act Naturally like their mamma made it! What a fun crowd
Good Afternoon burger eaters. Its 4:30, so come down for a late lunch or an early dinner at the Baltimore Burger Bar. See you soon!
If you want it you can get it for the rest of your life.! ;).
We want to tackle WordPress first, since it's more popular. But yes, I'd love to do Tumblr as well. :)
“: Be yourself; everyone else is already taken...”
I been looking for love in all the wrong places so I've decided ill wait for God to send it my way # patientlywaiting
He gone say: "U better give me the password to this damn phone" All I could do is laugh...Right b4 I gave him the password O_o
I Really Thought Celtics Had That Game Last night tho
lol thanks for your support!
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Plak Smacker Infant Toothbrushes and most oral care products.
Can anyone recommend a good domain name registrar besides Godaddy? I'm done with them.... can't stand the scummy feeling anymore.
I thought Florida was the sunshine state.. Why is it so fucking cold? -.-
curses twitter! i still have a lab report to write. -_-
*scared D: RT“: Less than a month for school to be over hell yeah :D #Glad”
I hope Believe tickets don't go on sale until June. Sigh.
i unfollow people who unfollow me.
thanks for coming by last night dude!
twitter isn't the real world?
you can have them since she's not gonna eat them <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
happy first day of fall.. and happy Friday!!!
What a day?! O_o I, legit, got 1 thing done on my to-do list. So freakin busy. Busy is the goal, though. #i'lltakethat
McLeod #chirpturtle waits for stripes before chatting with
You'll have to see for yourself!!!
Don't miss some great deals tonight at Midway bar: $3.50 pitchers of Long Island, anyone?!
Good A.M. Tweet hearts :)
Fast Facts: Weak Central Coherence Theory hypothesizes that a limited ability to see the big picture underlies the central disturbance in...
Anthony & the Contraceptives
lol I bet people are like wtf?? Oh well lol.
"And when well they give me a straight answer on why they have nipples" - Sue's intake on boys
I've never met anyone so passionate about the hiccups before :)
“: RT What artist do u wanna hear a double-play of??--- ”
Got a detention for stuttering
Of 14 Library committees, I chair or serve on 9 of them...maybe I shouldn't have counted!
Why are you asking so many fucking questions <U+27A1><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00B5>
Today is 's birthday! Everyone give him the titty-twister he deserves and the drinks he needs! It's gonna get rowdy
Editor spending the day co-working w/ Best part so far is bluegrass music & coffee from
Buckeyes set up for another field goal with 10 seconds left in the half.
The Miss World delegates have started to arrive in London!Follow to get the latest news about ur favs?
i'm so Happy right now. :)
Whatever bro , ? dont have you to do right now .
RT Don't waste your failures as a team; debrief, document & revisit them for success
Looking forward to this session! From Digital to Live - Bringing Call of Duty to life.
At the Art garage bout to put it DOWWWWNNNN.....
hehehe scare you away yet?
God is more interested in your future and your relationships than you are. Billy Graham
can I please have a follow back I've waiting for a loooonnnnggg time can I please please please get a follow back 1-4-3
Hoop dreams
congrats to you and teara!
Big deal. Illinois more or less pioneered political quid pro quo, WI has a long way to go to catch up.
Right on. :) RT : Fail fast and fail early. Try things. Experiment. You cannot assume. Adopt it or drop it.
Finally out of work...
RT : I wish a fag would step up to me. Lololol
Can somebody turn off the wind today...
Recycling in Seattle: Put overflow recyclables in a box next to your recycling cart. Extra recycling is FREE. Extra yard waste costs extra.
Have you heard about the grafted tomatoes over at ?!
About 50% of adults have never taken an HIV test. About 25% of people in #Cleveland have #HIV and do NOT know it. GET TESTED!
Bluff? RT : Jeff Ireland is playing a GREAT poker game right now. Dislike him all you want, but he's on his game.
“: NBA Flopping....fair or foul? Everyone seems fine with it when it's THEIR team doing it!” it's crap. MLS is horrible w it too
Welcome 2012! We're working on neat stuff today: Emmens Preserve, SummerGrove, FC Mobile scheduling and....stay tuned!
!!!!!! RT : need to catch up on my reading
Check out the new twitter global address for #Astia at
Im so excited thats all i been talking about all week long plus i can't wait to see dance. This is going to be too sexy
12 more days 2 register 4 Strike Out Hunger Bowl-A-Thon. Call FCMI 2 register Remember ur team can b from 2 & up. Have FUN!!
hey hey... how u doing? we've been slammed :)
it ok the only thing that would piss me off is if u said bad stuff about austin, alex, or robert
Don't forget to give your body at least day of rest per week. This allows the muscles to recover.
Life can be very hard but it can be very easy at times
Can't sleep, so much on my mind... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
// One must take solace in the fact that those who truly love you will always forgive you and will appreciate the new you!
Hope you're having fun tonight! Be careful!
being mean to >> (: I still love her tho
it probably won't be until I get back from Texas at the end of the month. :/
no clue. maybe because I refer to him by name usually and don't post pics often (enough). you'll love him.
#Hawks in 7!
Tell ur KU fans, why be t Robinson when u can be ? Second class player. Only takes 3 years to get picked at kansas
: welcome to twitter chiara! Nice to see another Criminal Minds Fanatic joining us here! Love your background by the way.
I like positive energy..that brings money!
seriously...it's time to start protecting the QB for a change, no?!!?
Who is ready for Browns baseball? We are getting closer to opening our 6th season here in Denver!
“I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live.” <U+2015> Jonathan Safran Foer
That's great ! I hope we can talk, so you can share all the great moves u r making. life is good here...5 more weeks til vacay
Mention Me
I'll be doing a podcast interview on violence against women in slasher/horror films this afternoon. Any ideas you'd like me to get across?
I love mine!
hmu one you get it
Nice Round for I'm a big fan. I'm trying to decide if his look is more Capt Jack Sparrow, Captain Morgan or Dirty Sanchez.
#Angels #Marlins world series?
is still flabbergasted and frustrated!
I've seen a lot of butts but am loving yours! coz you got that kinda butt from up above!!!
HA! RT : Oh, you're dating my ex? Come by on Thanksgiving if you want anymore leftovers.
Hope I don't come back with an accent....eek... Hello #Boston!
Who are some of you favorite comedians?
Writing in Objective C, PHP, Javascript, this morning. But I am wearing fuzzy slippers. That's how workaholics do vacation.
God I hate school so much
....at wrk and my tweet hurts!!!
Best of luck!
Im Ah Virgin Sister Lol... QT : ": Not Having Sex Till Im 21.." YOU LIEN !
Painted the afternoon & evening away while listening to TED talks. Guess I should go find food now and say hi to my family...
Just had an opposing counsel display professionalism & courtesy. Good to know those qualities are alive and well.
Congrats to , , , and all the Columbia College 2012 graduating class.
#YouCantSayYouGrownIf U always in trouble with the Police
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference
it's only about three hours away. You could be here by 3am
Not being able to walk is not fun!!
Going to go play cash now. Back home in a few hours. Thanks to all my backers. So sorry I could not do a better job
I get along with everyone, I just secretly hate them all.
full house tonight!
what is that?
: lmao, I was waiting 4 that! And now I'll respond lol
Welcome !!!!!vRT : Fancy new twitter profile page! Officially Tweeting the all the happenings at Flowers by Cina!
Oh, alright thanks. I hate social studies. Mr. Vivolo doesn't let me "socialize"
They not readyRT : I can't lie, I love me some Bo Deal....(Bo! Bo! Bo!)
That's why Corso wears the Duck head! RT NY Times reports that ESPN's Corso, Herbstreit & Fowler all have had deals with Nike
Merry xmas to everyone....time to get shwasty....
O-- The dominated group of the dominant class!
Now I'm scared to fart...
has real managers now, it's amazing !! It's just starting his career :D
Guess what time it is boys and girls?? Its tip toeing time
Have you seen our Scoop.it topic? It's full of great digital afterlife articles. bit.ly/nkW1R1
We have are promblems but istill love him
Someone get me on a plane to Nashville. Now.
is Dawkins redshirting?
My name's "World Peace"...... right
ok ok I haven't tweeted you in a long time anyways haha HOLY SHIT THERE'S A HUGE ASS SPIDER IN MY WINDOW
Look at how cute you are!
Playoff or not I hate them
ohh i would love it if vinny followed me but i was too scared to ask him
Had a wonderful show last nite at the Highline Ballroom and its back to work early in the morning at 30Rock.
College dropout has to be my 2nd fav album of all time.
but the real criminals *were* collars and ties. that's why I go shirtless. but I'll wear a wife-beater on special occasions.
you meant 18 right?
To all of the Preachers, Ministers, Politicians, Coaches & Leaders: Did God call you or did you call yourself?
You left me without a reason so don't come back with an excuse.
RT : Just to be clear: We all kinda wish we became marine biologists, right? cc:
jaajjajja ok will do that lol
You're annoying as fuck.
Does Santorum realize the Teleprompter is an American invention?
Bagels and coffee at noon. So far I love today.
Good luck with all 3 - grading, the paper, and esp. the maternity leave. :)
What lies behind us and what lies ahead of us are tiny matters compared to what lives within us.
Goodness gracious, I forgot how good "Nightmare To Remember" is. Just finished rocking out for 16 mins. It's gonna be a good opener tomorrow
that is my dream! Wishing I was doing the same right now!
us people need to #LIVE and
NO ONE CAN DO ME LIKE YOU...
US states with more unequal income distributions tend to have lower voter turnout.
that was supposed to say... "Those who can't make music, play it... aka me!" stupid
*keeps talking to him* And in the mean time, go play with your brother.
RT : Used part of the Read and React the last couple of years. Players seem to enjoy. Each year getting better.
You don't have to be a baker to make bread....
Thanks for coming by!
Yes,I've read 'Dead aid' & disagree with almost everything in that book.
at park bench drinking a margarita. listening to TNT and feeling old for remembering when this was cool.
Thanks for the RT! What did you think of the article?
How I'm spending my day/RT : & honored at annual GRAMMYS on the Hill Awards
Me wit all these curves & you without no brakes...(O) lolz!
TGIF to all my world cusotmers www,varsityjackets09.com We rock custom varsity jackets~
No racing for us tonight! Looks like rain will win anyway...
I might need glasses :(
haha, that's awesome. I looked in the mirror this morning & thought my back was swollen until I realized my lats had grown
Not much. just surfing the net.
didn't come off the wrong way. You were stating it correctly. To naive for ppl to blame football this quickly.
Jus hit me that ireally dyed my hair Jet Black! Lol gotta get use to it.
Turkey stock simmering on the stove - one of my favorite parts of Thanksgiving weekend.
thank u! That's awesome! I'd love to speak with you :)
Praying for you today, have a blessed day.
so do I!
Happy, Happy Birthday !!
#volleyball in athletics. <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I like your website, you have alot of interesting content.
The Goldman Sachs guy started a powerful hashtag trend :)
Loyalty, respect, dedication, and determination is all I require.
Etsy chat doesn't seem to work for me, PW gets me traffic, no idea though of sales, not much if any
I like Marquis Daniels coming back to the #Celtics. Danny is smart in going for continuity for the shortened season.
.wps files?? Seriously?! Then you get pissed because our computers dont have 3.5in floppy drives. Did I wake up in '97 this morning??
Oh, I need to try that! We made it with polenta last night, very good.
Spit rounds like a gun rage
How about we have winter back?
I understand. Just let me know if by chance you have an extra.
Crazy excited about seeing one of my favorite Leonard Bernstein operettas (Candide) tonight at the Life is happiness indeed.
Exhausting day. Now time to rest before Mother's Day.
The government appears to have escaped a rebellion by the medical establishment over its controversial NHS reforms in England.
friends don't let friends buy non-vented suit coats.
Since I havent been on Twitter in a while, I shall fan girl over BTR season 3 episode 1 right now.... IT WAS AMAZING<3 theyve grown so much!
Michigan St versus Ohio St in B1G Championship Game. Should be epic...
Most effective thing is to make the wiki Protected. Otherwise always report spam so we can remove it and block IPs.
With beautiful weather all week predicted: where's your favorite outdoor patio for Happy Hour?
Good morning tweeters
Having sex bro? Use your breenis.
RT : CAV/PAG artists will be live on today. Come to the studio, tune in to 90.5fm or stream it live at wuol.org!
SPORTS 45 Clippers
New meme? "Things you don't have to do at a boil when is not present."
Thanks! RT : Shoutout to my new follower---><----GO!
yeah it's just not the same people
Naw, he said it was because it's Black Saturday. But he's being hypocritical because me mom is in Vegas right now -.-
Zipline still open tomorrow from 11 am - 7 pm.
Thank you for your mail, the Enterprise Mashup Summit looks like a great event for DreamFace Interactive will get back to u ASAP
Haha! You know you're in deep nerd-dom when you read it like that. :)
Guess having a teacher in the family helps bring a new perspective on things.
I've watched so much Thomas & Friends today. We also made pancakes, iced cupcakes, stuffed gift bags, and cuddled. Good morning with Davey!
we talkin bout these Dallas ppl in they fukkin face!!!!! Houston Texas in this bitch!!!!!
i had a pretty amazing night >.^
thanks. i have this like "everyone loves a bj" shirt cause of bj raji, but i'm waiting for a minute to release it lol!
The Israeli music at #SXSW Festival continues today starting w/ at 7:15p at the Firehouse Lounge (6th & Brazos).
OMG were so fucking awesome last night at Nottingham!! + so lovely!! You need to see them if you have any interest in rock music!! :D
I keep hoping our state will smarten up. And not have another person say f*ck Obama to me while I'm in my car
Lol ewwwRT The chair may make that sound but I can taste it in my mouth....
Eight pages and 4,539 words later my English project is done!!
Thanks for the follow, Dan! Check us out on Thurs. March 22 at Plush with 3 other fantastic female-led bands!
I WAS THINKING ABOUT THIS ONE
Sometimes the most ordinary things could be made extraordinary, simply by doing them with the right people
I hate passing out around 8pm, because I was so tired, and walking up at 2am.
1-0 but its a win!
Not only does get Omar from The Wire as a character, he says "A man has got to have a code" in a Law & Order themed episode. !
278: 98329075206. You're like too gorgeous.<3 Share some. like pronto. lol
RT Stumbled into a smokey Luxembourgian bar full of Brits just in time 2 catch Man City's wild comeback. Highly entertaining game
He's Evangelical. You haven't accepted his Jesus/God figure as savior. You are therefore "unsaved" and essentially outcast.
#cardcont all is good in the socialist wonderland :)
I am surprised that he does not want this whole country to turn into 1984, the book. Oh wait! Did I spoil next year's surprise?!
Tidewater yum
who ;d gimmi a hint?
My apprentice is about to be a father. That wasn't part of what I taught him. I feel like I let him down. Didn't give him enough Ginger Ale.
donbt try and be all badass if your gonna get caught
Dear haters- I have so much more for u too be mad at,just be patient.. ;)
Cinnamon, too! RT : only Cherry flavor? :(
Anyone looking to make this Sunday fun?
I'll ask you one more time ma'am. Take it back
no prob rob :)
Hey politicos, everything Udi's is half off in the Capitol's basement cafeteria
Yeah, but he can blame it on the alcohol...#couldntresist RT Jamie Foxx is older than Brian McKnight.
Awaiting orders to beam you up Capt. Rockk! Your custom ordered Light Saber is ready for you..I'm sure it will be to your liking
we both know him and I will never get along. Btw got a boat now. So.... Oh & I will
Follow all the guys! and
Is it supposed to.feel dis
Heh heh. I need not be reminded that Netflix exists. I've got that under control.
When someone tells me to shut up some alarm goes off inside my body and I get a twitch to slap them.. god forgive me ! But its my pet peeve.
re: math. If you're smart enough to code, you're smart enough to handle advanced math. Hard work and repetition can overcome.
&saying this as someone working for a theatre w/out any balance (at least for writers). &I support our artistic choices.
Buffalo NY please ! <3
#Youshouldnevertrust anyone who doesn't get waxed! Be sure to come to EWC for a FREE eyebrow wax if you're a first time guest!
Screw you RT New York City > Washington D.C.
To give you the strength to move forward with confidence. Noise and distractions can mask these very important moments and emotions.
that look amazing!
Checkout!!! Detroit's own Meech Dogg's single JUICED UP on youtube, Meech Dogg JUICED UP thanks...
I'm psyched to be 's 2012-2013 President. I look forward to an amazing year!
Good Morning ! <3
I watched it 598 times.
awww! Thank you musicangel. I will really check that out. You are an angel. :-)
We don't wana Neva end
Thanks Danielle. Out of town so let me know about future workshops and where they are posted unless Tracy does all...:-)
Thanks Lisa! Happy #WW and can't wait to sip wine IRL with you this summer =)
Having few friends who really love you is always better than tons of friends who don't.
Wedding shopping and my cousins wedding
I think your mouth should be quiet cause it never tells the truth.
Man, my Higher Self can see So much more than I can. Ugh. Envy. Right?
And that's it.
i dont drink loll SMOKER
Fantasy Playoff Semi-finals question. Lots of $$ on the line: Demaryius Thomas (vs Patriots secondary) or Vincent Jackson (vs. Ravens)
The detour was a nightmare. My kids got to meet this afternoon though! Have a great show..give Matt a hard time.
what i should do wait give me ur username so i can follow u
Bailey was right, horchatas is an awesome word(:
I miss you :(
When you make running a habit, your muscles get toned, your joints become more flexible and your bones grow stronger.
No one is as ugly as their driver's license picture and nobody is as attractive as their profile picture.
I really like Bolt Bus, especially when the weather is nice.
Awww, really? Of course you can trust me.
We're hoping to make it out there soon but there is nothing booked yet
I want to get my legs a little thinner so I can get tattoos on the back of my thighs.
Legit held on to dear life for about 3 hours.
We took the fourth of july off. Whos ready for lifestyle tip #7?
I think my beautiful mother should let me go to Cali this summer:)
www.webmasterpath.com - Where webmasters find their path to success!
I think you can pay someone to do that. ;)
Looks like rain is going to be a problem again tonight. It only delays the inevitable for the Rangers. Go
GOODNIGHT TWITTER. Follow Us, K?! Peace Out. #TripleOLLG <--- it's gunna happen. watch. -
MT I support, admire, & adore & Against Me! Always have, always will. You go, girl! Can't wait for the future!
Imagine for yourself a character, a model personality, whose example you determine to follow, in private as well as in public
Amar'e needs to stop deferring to Melo! HE made NY attractive to free agents...the Garden is his house....
Im childish ~ ainkkk
Back home. Can't stay awake. Too many scorpions. Biggest Black Widow spider RIGHT IN MY FACE. Too tired. Need at least a little sleep.
In car. w some homo friends then w my breeder buddies yay
Haha my dogs the shit seriously
Thinking back to an amazing day with tons of memories...
that awkward moment when your church family asks you if you met someone at howard and you almost say "shiet". lmao.
Watts is hard at work on our annual catalog.
Does anyone like ? She's got some pretty good music, if she'd release an album that'd be nice.
depends on what you call talent
I sometimes speculate that Gould is horribly misinterpreted by everyone. I was in utter awe of Thirty-Two Short Films ..
is looking forward to AZ and PITT in the Super Bowl!
Is voter turnout becoming lower & lower because people don't think their vote matters when money buys elections?
I want sea foam green sheets
Maybe try experimenting with browsers? Some may do that javascript heavy lifting better than others.
RT : the sun came out today. even if its just for a bit im happy.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
RUSH Tickets for LA CAGE AUX FOLLES on Tues & Wed night! Details: $20 tix (cash only, limit 4) at our box office up to 2 hrs before the show
Its 11:11! Make a wish! :)
yea buddy I have to go to the bus stop cya
It's 62 degrees in the house. It's the middle of June. I refuse to turn the furnace on. No.
agreed. That didn't make a whole lot of sense to me
Ah Friday. My favorite day of the week. #FF list coming up! Going to have some new comers and some old favs. Stay tuned....
Teaser: Check the blog Monday morning for a giveaway from You could win one of six $25 gift cards or a jacket :)
I feel like you just moved... RT : Anyone know any good packer/movers?
hit my boost G
I miss u too
Let JOY lead. How will it feel in your body to tend to your #creative sparks?
Going to my first Detroit Lions Thanksgiving game on Thursday. Not a fan of either team...but free tickets will not go wasted
#NationalBurgerMonth + #FF = Burger Follow! What up D.C!? Earn rewards by checking with #Belly at and
Dear - I'm so tired of seeing Kwame's face on the front page of your website.
Just impatient, that's all.
the video I just linked to is our marketing coordinator Ben Kercheval explaining the new website--www.americancapitalhomeloans.com
Whats up how u been
Flash still exists? RT : If there's one thing to take home from this strategy panel? Flash = bad. Mobile = good.
Saying goodbye to one of my dudes, seeing my old high school pals, spending a week in STL. Not mentally or physically prepared at all.
There are no hummingbirds in Australia.
I am the manliest thing. Even my my mangina is macho.
NOONE SPEAKS WISCONSIN DOWN HERE IN TENNESSEE!!!!!!!! X( grrrrrr
Water in 1 local neighborhood so contaminated, the DNR says "Don't drink it." Who's to blame? The I-Team gets answers, Tonight at 10, TMJ4
#Hoes come out heavily in the summer time. This good weather brings relationships drama.
Basic Questions!
haha yeah shes great. we always hit up angel games and i make fun of her team because im a sox fan nd weve owned them in oct
W T #FOK? FRIENDS OF KEITH
True you may not even like liquor no more
Wakefield is not going to get win no. 200 tonight for the #RedSox- Albers allowed an inherited runner to score for Royals in 6th.
are you going out after? Might not make sense to bring Stella.
I got sunburn on a beach in March in Wisconsin.
Hey nba comissioner, raise the hoop. These guys look fucking ridiculous dunking with their elbows.
I hope this week flys by really fast!
thanks do much ^__^
En route to STL for Jane and Jimmy's wedding :) Excited to see college friends!!
The horror! lol All you need now is some Ed Hardy jeans RT : silk shirt with Abercrombie sweats...oh yeah, that's how I roll ;)
Commonwealth Games. The next Pan-Am Games begin two weeks from now in Mexico. Will the Canadian media give them good coverage because.....
Back on track with the #SWEEP last night. 2-0 +40 units
Hope you will be. Good Luck!
Happy Palm Sunday to my fellow Christians! And go Knicks tonight!
"and I love to spend the night"
listening to interview with joel pett and i don't think joel pett realized he was looking like a fool, leaving out the facts
Jessie Holeva Thanks for following me on Twitter! Don't forget to follow me on Google+
shell is where it's at!
Follow or get unfollowed.
If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning. ~ Aristotle
Just decked
Have you stopped exercising? Get back to it ASAP today, girlfriend! You CAN do it!
The most decisive actions of our lives are often unconsidered actions
would you iron my shirts please?!
We Love Colors, it's a clothing company
Enjoy your weekend all ! Much love
because its free! lol
NTMY as well! and thank you for the follow! Thank you for your follow too! Happy Friday from WWVC!
Impossible, wrong day :)
#IfIHadAGUN I would pop your motherfuckin Top Off!....
Def. with Google super helpful when trying to get high precision.
I can not believe I juss cracked my f.cking screen :(
oh well! lets go! :)
when do u get back from Vegas?
Beanie has more upside, I go with him
Did Zooey Deschanel really just ask her iPhone if it was raining outside?
Macaulay culkin & Elijah wood as kids, crazy good. I still remember the ice skating scene. #hoyasaxa and all that haha
Happy Easter :)
When the going gets tough, the tough get going. What happens when the tough run out of places to go?
When does your show start on #Bravo and will you join Andy Cohen for an after show session?
Studio session tonight.
thought that was pontiac.... Bet it up
Love the red kit's the USA are wearing.
Searchable Layers in #photoshop #cs6 is nice!
Reading Japanese Cool: Patterns of Manga Literacy and Discourse. Totally adopting it for my linguistic anthro class in the fall. Banzai!
Finally seated w/ at the #shortyawards after an amazing day touring NYC! Can't wait for the show to begin!
When you find the right person to spend the rest of your life with, that strong feeling of love will surpass any obstacle.
Can't believe I'm still at work
Waiting for Twitter to play me for my Tweets. I don't for free.
Np. Just have students dominate finals first.
I support it but don't think the country is there yet. 5 to 10 % in the middle flips too much. Too influenced by negative ads.
Happy SEC National Championship Day!
That's good to hear! Because I can't write a lick of code!
Not all who wander are lost...
This presidential election, Americans will decide if they're going 2 give up the superficial notion of being a #Christian Nation
haha oh no!!! i'm glad i'm not alone in w-day dreams!!
Think of a number. Double it. Add six. Half it. Take away the number you started with. Your answer is three. mind=blown
The parasite float is one of those things that is too weird to be fiction - nobody would believe it in a story!
While we may not be able to control all that happens to us, we can control what happens inside us. -Ben Franklin
Had fun meeting Mat of in Chinatown last night.
Followed[:Follow BAck ?
East reunion tonight at the game?
I'm looking forward to the day when I'm
me too! Especially now that I actually know it tomorrow lol
First Texas high school football game tonight - why has it taken me this long?
-thank u girl. So did you!
avocado baby.
- BLT is my favorite song of all time. Nothing on Brotherhood can touch it, but there are some good/charming tunes on there.
Almost done with A&R research project. Vacation in the morning!!
1 more problem w/ fracking. Along w/ poisoning water, messes local economy. Guests from Tioga say rents unaffordable cuz drillers pay big $$
2 car crash on HWY 26 eastbound near the zoo is blocking the left lane. Crews on the scene.
Do NOT eat the after-rain mushrooms unless you have plenty. The little leprechaun hovering next to me is hungry and I don't have any more.
Gray hoodie time .
is a skins fan? Seriously? That explains it all-ALL OF IT LOL
It's a small world! Gotta love Twitter. (P.S. Too bad the doggie eyewear is an April Fools gag - cute eh?)
if only he had his angels
The Colts should be serious about RGIII as Tebow is about being the starting QB in NY.
Up bright and early!
Sneak Peek show starts tonight around 10:30
Is this Jobs? RT : Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren't used to an environment where excellence is expected.
I'm Unfollowing you. You're worse than the Twerk Team.
Now tell him to get a Twitter account!! Go to WORK tonight boys!
A tablet, a granola bar, and loud AC/DC. Time to tackle some retouching.
Barrera: This is not a SDUnified issue-over 100 dists in this state already formally said may not be able to pay bills
We have yours! And will be notifying everyone about decisions today or tomorrow.
since your from chicago, cubs or sox? :)
Romnesia: Forgetting Romney flip flopped on assault weapons ban he supported as MA Gov.
Of cours! Where are you from? LA?
Terrible day for sports. Great day for refrigerators.
Wake up it's about that time
Those people that can be sarcastic about every single thing.. Yea those are the people I want to shoot in the face.
The 5 Best Budget B&Bs in the North of England - LSMedia
can't wait to hear all about it
Those were the days.
Living in Austin the last two years has made me no stranger to a good AC. In fact, a Texas friend described LA as "breezy". Ha!
Caffeine in the morning, Sleep aide at night. Must stop the madness!
"Possible straight draw!"
Not an idiot - just a masochistic #Mizzou #Chiefs #Royals fan.
so i got the new iphone 2 days ago and now its broken -__-
When attending your first rodeo, it is generally best to keep your vast knowledge of rodeos to yourself.
"mom your just taking advantage of mothers day" my little brother
“: #Libra is a lover of beauty and good music.”
wonders what cheese says when it gets its photo taken
Good is the enemy of best
Sorry you missed it! We would love to have been able to go too.
It's Friday! Have any fun plans this weekend? Remember to check out our page this Saturday - Monday for a new awesome coupon to print!
WHY IS EVERYONE SO IGNORANT
#ThingsiThinkAboutWhileTextingYou Will She Think Im a Weirdo or a Stalker?
We would like to congrat Sarah Greenberger Raferty for her cover on ARTnews, December 2011 edition
if you don't vote- don't complain
and to the late historian Manning Marable, father of , for winning the Pulitzer for his Malcolm X biography.
I was 21 at the time, but I did not go to the game. Do you remember the attendance for that game by any chance? Was Lalas a rev
bickin back being boo same old nigga from grade school
WELCOME to the Best City In The World! We welcome you with open arms!!!!
Alex Maryol is just one of our blues performers scheduled for Blues at the Blueseum this Sunday! Fun starts at 1pm!
to funny! The gal that drove us to the CWIM event last year from Tami's house.
I am talking about affordable housing and the homelessness services budget for next year, which will remain the same as it is this year.
Busy day! Now on the road to Mississippi
thanks for the follow! def sending your info to a couple friends who would love your product!
My sleep schedule is screwed.
you have the prettiest eyes. <U+2764>
i sit in class on twitter from 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m. and im passing with an A waddup lol
So peaceful!
hey when you reply you have to put my name! Lol.... I never knew you responded. Lol
MAY is definitely my favorite month.
Happy Easter! Those on the email list enjoying tons of Free picks today. What a perfect day to turn it around and climb back up!
Making my final trip to mom's place :(
Yup, at least #Tigers won
iLove our society we judge on the.clothes.people.wear there skin colour it apparently can tell if there gay homeless poor etc. Like
Thank you Lord for the Opportunity!
That awkward moment when you slept on your wrist all night.
I seriously act high half the time & I don't even smoke weed.
RT : features Tomokazu Matsuyama --great exhibit I highly recommend!
I'm ready for hot summer nights, swimmin, stayin up late, and all dat other sappy summer shit... Summer, jus makes everythin better...
can i get a follow back please :-)
Since you're the expert, I'll give it a try
I need help,picking 2 in a PPR league. Assuming AP goes 1, do I take CJ, Foster or Charles? Thank you
Damn it. Will be in Phoenix for an Isagenix University.... Poo.
today I'm spending the day with my mama.So i cant :( Okay, how about this Friday coming up?Love you<333
So I Gave This Twitter A Try....I Like It...
oh yea OchOCinco baby!!!
"Twitter for iPhone" - seems that qualifies as camera?
259k at last break of the day. Average is 190k. 11 left. Stopping at 9ppl or 2 hours.
What a lovely spring day
BLAM! Bitch Pudding in the house!
yes & then be having the nerve to say, I don't wana offend you, but I think you cute n'shit, nigga what!?
yes indeed!
2. Keep original raw footage unedited #preswk12 well organized and backed up
#FF "Know your role models all platinum n gold!"
Like you've never accidentally eaten an entire can of black olives while cooking pasta sauce.
any update on ur touchpad purchases?
I already snagged mom's shirt with my claw, so I'm good for about 20 minutes, MOL!!!
hahahaha awwh I just did by myself... & I knoww!!! How are you?!
Every time Joe Biden sleeps late, his goddamn motorcade jams up my commute. Prez should insist he get to work earlier.
I know relatively little about the guy, but doesn't it seem like Andrew Jean-Baptiste should have locker next to James Marcelin?
God damn please let me die
your way to beautiful. :)
thanks for your service
Lovely work you are doing:)
@/blondesouthgaga wont let me get her a birthday present after she fucking saved my life! :((( talk her into it people! :))
Getting ready for Good Earth Plants open house this Fri. afternoon & Sat. morning showing: green walls, green roofs & rainwater harvesting.
Love the duct tape reference.
Anybody wanna hang out with me I'm at
Either relationships are really this confusing or he just makes them this confusing \:
A commercial for Internet Explorer? I guess browsers are like wine and colleges: the good ones don't need commercials.
Pure music
LOVE YOU, Idol!! xo
Wonder how much Leonard Cohen makes every time some bunch of schlemiels decides it would be a good idea to use it on TV.
“:The mst beautiful music in da world is ur heartbeat. It assures u that ull survive even when da world leaves u alone.”
how did you know it was me? Nice...
WEB SITE IS LIVE!!! We just got our first order ever! ataxicapparel.com
I love taking cats... especially Mcats
I'll sell it to you, if you wanna come see if it fits? I'll be home tonight and tomorrow
love has no gender l-g-b-t<3
or the kid's heavy Austrian accent
has 99 problems and being a b*tch is one.
“Lawyers are people who write a 10,000 word document and then call it a brief…”
2 1/2 Hours till school ends...can't believe it's here
Thanks! Currently you can edit the messaging under Settings but everything else is in English.
awesome you'll live she is awesome friends with
OMG I JUST SAW THE NEW SHAKE IT UP WITH U GUYZ ON IT AND IT WAS AWESOME!!! i think im dyeing of an iconiac heart attack !!!!
Liz started out singing; then did musical theater; & it evolved into acting. & Now she's writing orignial music. How could you not be proud?
I'm pretty sure my snail fell off the glass. #dumb snail. Y U NO SUCK ON ALGAE?
hard to explain: it was the handout for 2-hour webinar, and somehow printing it felt like sticking it to the man.
Pro:24:16 NLT"The Godly may trip seven times but they will get up again."
M.I.A. and Nicki:don't let Madonna kiss you.She will drain the force right out of your body.
All I wanna do is sleeeeeppppppppppp
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. Carrie P. Snow
I 'll say a prayer for you and your family to make it thru the fires safe and unharmed.
“I find television very educating. Every time somebody turns on the set, I go into the other room and read a book.” ~ Groucho Marx
I think so. LOVED your piece on Ballack, by the way.
Biggest fuckin smile on my face right now this girl is simply the best person I've met in my life!
I can't wait for football season!
HI! RT : We're headed to #SiliconValley to talk OTP NVM from May 14-17!! Say 'hi'! Great restaurant rec's welcome!
If I was working a camera for this game, I wish my only job was to Iso Boeheim
They should make some cotton candy skittles
lol o ok how are you
what's that?
thats Tim for you always switching things up that people say
RT : Breaking: : Indianapolis Regional Transportation Council just voted to move #indyconnect plan forward"
If I was the Popz I would've left Dori's ass in the swarm of jellyfish. That shit is dangerous
I love going organic food grocery shopping.
Don't miss the documentary this weekend 'In the Mirror of Maya Deren'—a film about a very important filmmaker of the the avant-garde.
RT : We didn't get to taste it, but Oktoberfest menu also includes a Beef Stroganoff and a Black Forest Cheesecake.
BAYBE TAKE A CHANCE OR YULL NEVA EVA NO.
How did The Drunk treat you on St Patty's? Any pics? Post them to flickr and tag "sweetbands."
Thanks for the RT!!!! I greatly appreciate it!
Hey, been busy putting together my DFTH charity together. any donation ideas? congrats on the new single?
look me up its under ashley coronado,,,,,, my last status on there was icant wait to have this baby
finally tried the black bean cakes wth pineapple rice...YUM!
Hilarious!RT : If a girl buys you white Wife Beaters, Headphones or a Basketball for Christmas she thinks you are a Loser!
“The banks,” Senator Dick Durbin said in 2009, “are still the most powerful lobby on Capitol Hill. And they frankly own the place."
Last chance to see my zombies at the Denver Museum of Miniatures, Dolls and Toys in the next couple of days!! Check it out, it's awesome!
I hear Librarian Martian is as tall as Clementine, but I not believe!
I agree. High school should have around a 35-second shot clock. Just something to end stalling in last 5 mins.
Being single >>> . Just for now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
planning CEU event in conjunction with an evening w/ NYC dates to follow. 1st event as CountryFloors
Don't miss the party this weekend at Static Nightclub! Tables filling up fast, call 412.720.1396 or to reserve yours now!
Dude, you leave LA and earthquakes hit the East Coast--5.9 in DC--talk about shaking things up
Less than a week until #Edcampss. It's going to be a great learning and sharing experience. See you there.
RT Angry rappers.
Going to bed angry tonight
#staytrill is trending! Lol all for
SWAG ME THE FUCK OUT
yes, but how many points did Deron Williams score in his first 10 games as a starter?
#Thatminiheartattack when you put a check swing in the hands of an umpire.
Francis Scott Key watched the bombardment from the deck of the British ship. The attack started in heavy rain on the morning of Sept.13th.
#f1 congrats to Red Bull Racing and Renualt on Constructors Championship. Crazy to not impose team orders for Webber, but like no team favs
why noott? i was gonna see you play! jk i cant go :(
i think you meant: we're* gonna hang out every day*
Might be a brown sock and white sock RT : Fact: #Lehigh is now 2-0 since has sported a headband.
tell him that yall are a bunch of dancing justin biebers. And if u could be back up dancers for him(:
My blazed ass just spilled bong water on myself, so disgusting!!
Second: Prayers for my grandpa today. He's have a pacemaker put in.
Good morning to you ,you and you
I was going to move back to LA but someone convinced me not to...
Sleep is for quitters
stage ouse tavern tonight lets have some fun
Seafood Boil Tonight at Fresh, only a few spots left. Great meal on our Patio tonight!
for real go follow
I just Dm you ok
Our collections should be a mirror of our community AND a window to the world.
Thanks for the follow !
- I really loved your indepth interview with and Chok the way you spelled your name at the end! thumbzup
every little kiss is drivin me wild, throwin little cherry bombs into my fire
There are still tix available to tonights #Buckeye game at Northwestern! Game starts at 8:30 eastern/7:30 central!
I'm downn what time?
Okay I am coming over :-)
running for office is officially back on the table
go play your instrument and write a song tonight. It wil make you feel better.
lmao! i only smoke a lot when im in texas or with margarita. so im good. lol.
Nancy Pearl recommends Tom McNeal's "To Be Sung Underwater," a novel that opens in a small #Nebraska town
didn't know it @ the time but he created the perrfect logo for ScanMan=). WIth some minor adjustments, u will c soon!
I love you cub
Need to talk to you about KC Gents and beer-drinking for KC Star! Write or call 816-234-4442.
answer my dm
RT : Brewers agree to three-year deal with free agent LHP Randy Wolf with a club option. Deal is worth just under $30 million.
I hate how instagram is only for mobile things. >.< Like, faaack, i need my ipod to be on my ihome, dude!
- *most* people, but not all :)
#PointlessCeleberities Madonna! She cant sing, she needs to retire and do something else! Her time is up, she needs to accept that
Don't Be Overly Greedy For Happiness... A Great Obstacle To Happiness Is To Expect Too Much Happiness...
Aah Austin's just the cutest :')
i knew i was right !
its tomorrow dummy
"Do good and talk about it"....;)PR
Just freaked out thinking I left my keys in the smoky mountains then realized they were in 's car
php 5.4 seems nice, but all the new stuff still seems like afterthought bolt-ons.
Ha ha! I'm like no, I said delivered!
Being actually the most productive in the library
Im hungry as Fuck #
We are in the business of enabling our clients to develop meaningful, measurable and lasting relationships with their clients.
Broadcastr. Wow! Amazing product
can I be one of the charters in your new story?!(:
Today's Specials at Emerald City Catering and Take Out: Hot Ham and Rolls Available from 8am- 1pm
You can tell a great musician by their use of dynamics, space, and an understanding of phrasing.
My night is just falling apart...I'm damned near going to bed
I gave up. Hardly on the twitter'er any more - I don't know if I'm getting old and loosing my multitasking abiity or what!
Oh, and enjoy the warm mixed nuts! Safe travels.
but belts suck sometimes!
Why does anyone do this? RT : egad, why do orgs have videos and audio set to auto-play on their front page of their websites?!?...
Hey my kardashians are on tonight
Thanks for the shout out!<3 :]
RT : #bbw. ( Be back whenever )< This is falling out funny! lol
Let's help him get 200k before Christmas! :D
well good you better. Rip shit up if they don't have it.
It might be Monday, but that doesn't mean you can't have a good night. It's happy hour till close!! Come celebrate something!!
Thanks! The sad truth is I don't own an e-reader or tablet or even a smartphone. I blow too much $$ on concerts, CDs, & iTunes.
Boy, I sure hope so.
my best friends... Andrew, Ulysses and Benji
Finally, all the copies of the *redacted* book I've bought are in. ONE IS ALREADY MISSING. People, do not steal this book. I'll kill you.
The way to lose is to think losing is the end of everything, a way to win is to realize what was lost makes room for something better. <U+2665>
okay and how is the class in general? Hard/easy??
In Montreal first part of next week at #140confMTL, but possibly in NYC on Thursday...
Up cant sleep well I guess thts y they called vegas tha city tht never sleep
so sad right now my nephew died this morning
Remember that Tango Lessons and S.I.N.are cancelled this tonight. They'll resume at 7pm and 10pm next week like always!
Sorry. Had a previous engagement in the Free Republican Territories. ;)
“: Sex is the best breakfast”
Ain wanna leave my Aj & my Marco this morning :/
thanks for including my blog post!
;) happy sweating, lady!
You know you're not a gangster when you spell it right.
So you see I have come to doubt, all that I once held is true, I stand alone without beliefs, the only truth I know is you
U guys (Bengals) keep ur heads up..knw that u have some prayng 4 ur succss. Be encouraged, u guys best days r ahead! Be blessed!
Looking for investors for my business, selling stock certificates with options for my company to buy back with interest. Let me know
hey school gets done in 10 minutes i couldnt wait to see how your day is going! so how is it going?(: 143
I appreciate the words of Bishop Blake and all that he is for people. Love you. Dr. Cynthia Harris former Chairlady COGIC
My mind is all over the place today. Blah.
100% agree. "Click a Mouse, Lose your House" is the most ridiculous modern example of overprotective gov. Just needs regulation.
So tired gotta finish my project text me.
Oh fuck yes to this grilled cheese.
Amazing. I was gonna call Sprint tomorrow. You, my friend, are psychic.
Alex Lobos, a more recent addition as a professor, will be on the drums
I'm so bored their nothing to do lol can someone tweet me please
yeah nothing gonna happen except my y2k party 12 years of planning went into this party. nothing better fuck it up... ;]
"The fruit didn't look fresh so I made some sawmill gravy instead." -- Chef at last week's breakfast meeting; #huh?
Good luck!!! RT : Day 1 of p90x. Starting it all over again! Time to build the muscle!
at least I paid attention ;-)
sounds like a good dinner to me!!
You know ur not a celeb unless deadspin follows u. Go Kaner love the T shirt w the limo pic -- now thats a sense of humor.
Survived the tornadoes. KC is fun. /sarcasm
also everyone in the western world has seen Prototype Boyzone's 1st TV appearance on the #latelate show I'm a good judge of hopeless dancers
I'm just leave this alone I'm annoyed
I just want to let everyone know that is the sweetest and most beautiful person I know. I love her with all my heart. <3
Lakers really not athletic enough just being real
This Derby broadcast is so awkward. Some of the interviews are painful to watch.
My bf makes me so happy and I don't even need a ring or the L word to say so.
“: my favorite thing shopping” where should I go?
Riseeeeeand get to it
#Celtics Down 19... We can come backk! Just ask the
you are probably better off marking it as junk. Unsubscribe rarely works.
Excited to announce our 1st event with on Oct 15! Great workout, giftbags, and giveaways! Stay tuned for RSVP info. Pls share!
Um I am hungry who is cookin.....
Loved my time at the People's Improv Theater this week. The Shows were great and I had fun performing in their Jams.
I'm tempted to!
I want to look back and be able to smile at my past And know that i did all the wrong things for all the right reasons
what's wrong? ):
next time you're in the Phinneywood, let me know!
Oh did I forget to mention I'm OFF TOMORROW! Thank Jebus!
u guys can't be upset at least u guys had the best record in the NBA that's an accomplishment!!!!!
Kentucky at Florida at noon explains the high attendance at the 9:00 Eucharist.
The word "bacon" dates to the 1500's. In Middle English "Bacoun" referred to all pork. By the 1700's "bacon" referred to only cured pork
Mandy Patinkin once @'d me. I still brag about it... BTW Once Mandy Patinkin @'d me. :)
I get along better with guys.
Loving this cold weather Houston
- thanks for the RT
hey did you ever visit some club named rush in miami
Are you following ?
Was it working? I want to buy it! :(
Thank you, Luv ... of course, you're not biased at all. *shaking head* nope. :O)
I couldn't twitter much cuz I was at gymnastics camp the whole week
Just Had To Snap TF Outta Here Nigga!
So much sleep last night
Watched the 45 m interview of w/ - these dudes just kickin it, playing Tekken- nice to see, felt like we were there!
Mini Corndogs, duh
I just can't justify queuing up for that long to drink beer.
Who you are and who you love should never have to be a secret..
": shout out . Bing"<--Thanks for the shout out my dude
Picks Brockers L.Miller Streeter Sensabough Chapman D. Martin, Bentley, Givins, Crick, Ryan Miller, Cousins, Reyes, K.Wright Worthy
We'll take it to the sky, pass the moon to the galaxy As long as you're with me, baby
RT : Happy Last Day of Classes!
“: yes mam!!!” the Guys an I will be there" cant wait to see yall!” :-) even if i smell like campfire?
Nothing is cheap which is superfluous, for what one does not need, is dear at a penny. -- Plutarch 46-120 AD, Greek Essayist, Biographer
LSU and Bama should remain #1 and #2. No doubt about it.
“: The curse of knowledge -- look it up #pdxdmc” oops @ daveatnorth
He has a gym membership at Curves
#math #education RT : Mohammad Noor introducing interesting math tools to the audience
Nothing like the smell of procrastination to start your day
I have to travel to GoodYear to rescue one of little friends after class. Blah.
“: Had a conf. call in a minivan with so we could knock out a loop around Greenlake after. #teamFROGBOX”
nothing quite as nice as a quiet, peaceful, alone day in my studio....no distractions(except FB!) and now I shall get back to painting! :)
what up witt it bro?
I loved memorial's coach after the game, "sometimes you're the hammer, sometimes you're the nail." Perfect quote for situation.
RT : Can you combine #STEM & Humanities, what about Fine Arts? Let's talk interdisciplinary! #PBLChat 9pm EST tonight!
Of course it's another great night for soccer. Love playing outdoor soccer. Should be a good game for my team. We shall see.
Hey...I like your face.... Kbye.
Breakfast at MiMi's Cafe was delish! We had an egg white omelet and it came with fresh fruit! Yum!
Reading Foucault, having seriously intense flashbacks to hard trips I had on disassociative drugs. Dude was in touch with something bigger.
Lunch time! What's everyone up to this weekend? Any events?
I'm planning my work and workin' my plan! I am becoming a good juggler!
"I'm not trying to get you in trouble" is how dudes these days find out if someone has a boyfriend LOL
RT : Jared just sent me a picture of his dildo collection. I'm not as concerned as I should be.
RT : "Compassion has no limit, kindness has no enemy."~ Anonymous
What do you wanna do? Find 'em and get 'em? [fist breaks window pane]
damn, Bitches got there legs open like the jordan logo.
#iaintnoquitter r u playin it yet?
#spikelee is such a #bonehead !
If someone says they're bisexual people automatically focus on the gay aspect.
welcome! And yess(:
I wish!!! Those were pretty delicious!
Returning to NYC in time for a massive snowstorm. Hope I can make it back to the office tomorrow! Save travels to all!
I don't give out any beats or samples to just anyone....so wat you can do is come over to my studio in my apt...then I'll show u
yes very true!
there is a banjo part in The Entertainer?!
Day 8 of project Aaliyah's "Rock The Boat" tribute.
I did not win nerd of the day. Congrats to Nina! Well-deserved for the cool cartoons she brought for the class.
Our prayers go out to the victims and families of those who were lost and injured in the tragedy at the Indiana State Fair last night.
I dont like you.
Nice walk in the snow - and the best news, Charlottesville's snow plows are already on the job.
Obama! Nice work, man.
Burger time bruh
Finally grab a bite to eat. , check yourself with , pick up your buddy from &
JOIN our MOBILIZATION RALLY w/Team Ross & Actor/Activist DANNY GLOVER tomorrow/Sunday at 10:30 am at 24th & Mission!
Never going back to ny
Personally, I favor enhanced play capability @ Wrigley RT Fan sentiment seems to favor enhanced replay capability in Wrigley
Michael Jackson died at age58 Whitney Houston died at48 John F.Kennedy died at38 Amy Winehouse died at28 ..How old is Justin Beiber again?:}
ITS ME;)
Thanks so much and for your Klout love. Have a fantastic Easter!
Thanks for the ecomonday shouts!
Won't you let me be your heartbreaker? yeeeaah
believe me, I feel your pain!
#P.A.M.TransportInc: A #Solid company with #Great management structure.#Office to #Maintenance crew, #Everyone is #Dedicated to #Excellence!
You too Al! See you then! RT : I wish I could !!!!!!! See you in Anaheim
nope! All are alliterative, not rhyming.
What an awesome #GUDay2012. Why haven't we started satellite GUDays across the U.S. yet? Everyone should celebrate the last day of classes!
a day of #sopa protests and site blackouts is not the best day to announce a site redesign.
Safir about to kick it at WITZEND...get here if you can
Poised Creation is wrapping some great projects that will benefit our artists in the near future!
Maybe I just follow fashion nuts! -- Work is great! How are you doing? We should get together sometime soon!
goes yard again. 2 HR in 4 games so far this season.
RT : eat less,,mostly plants and whole food with 45 minutes of excercise daily is a great plan!
we would love to have ya'll show off some chevys in front our home and garden show www.lhaevents.com
RT Self-regulation is overrated. People should try regulating multiple selves. Much more fun.
I just hope I find time to read After Sorrow! I'll add the new rec to my growing to-read list. Have you read Matterhorn?
ha....ha.... you think you funny huh lol
It's #nationalhugabandgeekday!!!
All natural mood infusion beverages that pick you up and let you down easy, w/o the side effects. www.healthfacts4all.com
Less than 15 hours I will be 18!! Woohoo (;
thank you LT!!!!! see many people agree the game sucks!!!
that collective groan you hear is from your fellow #towelup members... "not you too Brandon"
If only my mom hadn't taken me to my first protest over 20 years ago. I could just be a sheeple and drink my latte like a compliant citizen.
i hate when my power goes out long enough just to fuck up my clock and then comes back on
I'm Hungry Again. I Want A Late Night Snack.
favorite fast food joint? “: We have Browns Prez M. Holmgren tomorrow on RBS, questions for the top man?”
he is in my grade and i aint guna say his name on here he's ex might flipp
Thank you!
All my life I've wanted, just once, to say something clever without losing my train of thought. ~ Robert Brault
You're my favorite!!
Portlander is upset that his roommate ripped off his idea to get a rat tail, that he ripped off from some random guy at a bar.
Talked to the producer last night. New material to be in the works very soon
Tracking my order
Woot woot! RT Looking forward to our stay next weekend at the - Penthouse baby!
We get about a dozen damp Denver days a year.
You know it's love when all you want is that person to be happy, even if you're not part of their happiness. - Julia Roberts
what is the mormon vote breakdown? just curious since we always get to hear evangelical or catholic vote breakdown among candidates
Dance to Sexting by Blood On The Dance Floor!!!!!!!!!!!! Please!!! :D <3
ok i think i will. he doesnt know wat he started >:)
Hahaha such great friends
A person can succeed at almost anything for which they have unlimited enthusiasm. - Charles M. Schwab
should be interesting :)
Pure comedy
i can't write 6 pages -____-
Awesome (and washable!) :)
r u coming to florida?some1 told me u were and that u were having a concert?if u r plz reply!i wud want to go to ur concert!:)
that panda must have excellent health insurance
now that I can't work anymore, I really miss it though.
Happy Thanksgiving! Enjoy your friends and family!
Morning Momma! How was your Mother's Day?
I will miss your tasty treats. Sorry to see you go.
Asks a credible and characteristically important question to Gingrich and he gets booed. Gingrich gets standing O.
fuck your debate
sadly no, but there is a rumor we'll be presented at Genblue. I sent some free codes over to them.
Ria Resources Corp. - Annual General Meeting Announcement
Also, why can't I spell tattoo correctly?
Just had a big AHA moment with ContentDM after a couple days of struggling with a particular Web page.
I literally just cries from laughing so hard....something I haven't done in a long time! #thankstom <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
And, what's the verdict? Don't you feel like you've got sunshine running through your veins? :-)
I hate how tired I suddenly get sometimes just before its time to go to work!
Great event tonight !
get your beast on tonight!
The weight loss formula is simple. Burn more calories than you consume. Everything else is extraneous.
lets get married right now !! lol
not hard enough.
SXSW Flavor: Peanut butter and vanilla with smooth milk chocolate yum!
When you don't have to work Mondays it does. LoL I love stuffed crust pies from pizzahut. "nom nom nom' LoL
Looking for some Spring/Summer colorful graphic Ts? Just bought a bunch from Old Navy and they are all fantastic. Highly recommend!
I hate giving back that hour of daylight...but enjoying the extra hour of sleep!
#design RT : #confab12 Content Strategy feels more primary than Design Strategy. They're the math to our physics, if you will.
A tale of two cities: Dull and Boring
“: Lets go #76ers! Beat Boston. I can't stand when the Celtics win.” <--- Seriously, this man is a genius.
yeah I'll just wear em hahah p.s I think I got burnt. Don't be embarrassed to be with me please!
It's pretty cool. I like all the pictures and stuff. As for you following me now? Thrilled! Super great.
lol one them for me
#RememberHow MTV used to play videos? I do.
what picture? ??
Pet peeve to end all peeves: My mom: Double click all the links! /via
I'm doing great. Have a safe trip over. Can't wait to hear what you're working on.
Not always happy = sometimes black roses are appropriate
Spilled water on myself in the car and it feels and looks like I pied myself I hope no one will notice:-/
I know you didn't get one anyway, but not wrong at all.
Happy for YOU !
Each Nicholas Sparks trailer i see makes my teeth ache.
BitchBullyBook Thanks for following...
Almost out of some office supplies, looks like a order today!
What an interesting series of stops you've had today.
I am officially on da #Jermy Lin band wagon.
Thank you so much! I look forward to reading it :-)
skateparkk here we come!! my little bro lives there!! he never wants to leave!!
my penis
What the heck! I wanna go to Florida already
Golf can really ware a girl out. I'm ready for bed.
Our Access Control partner #Quintron physical detection systems are installed at White Sands Missile Range
Willie Harris on pace to become worse player than Hank Aaron XXIV.
Thank God for the George Foreman GRILL!!!!
artficlinanity: Don't send out passwords in email messages. Email is not a secure way to communicate private information. #s ...
sure ok:))
A shout out to all the Mamacitas comin out tonite to The Fox THeater celebrate Mothers Day w Calle 13 & Bang Data! Saluuuuud!
I left my book at work I'm upset.
A Christian Association followed me this morning, HA!
My co-worker also temporarily changed her last name back to her maiden name - "Brady" lol.
If people want to change, they will. In case they don't want to, it is challenging to make them do so.
Omg I miss you too! And yeah I wish I were there too! I'm gonna try to come don this summer, idk yet though.
& you make me look like a potato.
addie says she's glad y'all face-timed with us. I'm indifferent ;-)
Just starting out, but having fun and learning a lot.
#MontaEllis with the dope block on
Exactly! Hope you had a good day. Mine was totally fun!
yeah, probably. Text me?
lol. Good one!
To my Ohio people, please support and 2nite at the Grog Shop from 9pm-12am. Let's stand up and walk for breast ca ...
If I love ya, ain no question I'll give my last!
Omg. Awesome.
Had an excellent show at Pickle Park on Saturday, thank you to all who came. Wishing all my friends, family and fans a MERRY CHRISTMAS!
When cases are going well here in the Capital Habeas Unit (CHU), we proudly shout, "Choo Choo" - one of my favorite parts of the job.
5 hours of energy wouldn't have been enough. RT : More appropriate for 5 Hour Energy to sign Rafa and Djokovic than Jim Furyk.
March TODO Austin: engaging the Hispanic market panel, SXSW preview, news and events or multicultural Austin.
it's only 10:50am! You make me do proud! He he
well idk lol just pick? It'll be easier that way
oh man. I'm so super busy with classes the past week. I haven't been able to do anything! :(
Learn how businesses can reach customers more effectively using social media
That's so Raven marathon on netflix<3 I miss this show(:
Back in civilization...
thanks. If you want to look me up. kandy man
Skate 2 is the bomb
God bless the sanity of the person who wins the mega millions. at half a billion, they will need it.
HEY!!!! I just started WW 2 weeks ago!!
Xavier, right? The man with the hat. He DOES have an awesome voice!
I wanna see a game 7 just because this is the best series in the playoffs so far.
a BrazilLovesAustinMahone a
I gained 5 followers in the last hour haha I guess I'm winning. Thought I'd lose some because I showed my childish side but... NOPE!
SCORE RT A) I wish I knew. I have a feeling there will be a general return on TV to more hard sci-fi shows.
can't wait for the new album. That 1min sound bit was a really good starting off point. Wish they would come to Miami for a show
missing you.
I heart nachos..
Funny how back in the day you had your friends who always said they had your back now you dont even speak to them funny.
What up tonight Seattle???
Shout out to , go and follow him!
My new friend met her yesterday .but I feel like I've known her forever!!! Go follow her?!!
I strongly recommend getting glasses online from Warby Parker. Picking them out was fun and convenient, and the frames look great
is it really May already?
meet with high rollers. How do I know? Bruschetta n oven-roasted tomatoes with Asimov. No tater skins or cheese sticks...
Thanks! Cox is always working to give me more capabilities and the service and support is fantastic! What's not to love?
Its so sunny! :)
yay I got my twitter back!
“: I thought a relationship was only made for two people, but obviously some people don't know how to count.” #NoComment lol
RIP Whitney Houston
Sidewalk barricades are out, snowplows are ready and we've got 10 days worth of fitted flannels lined up. Bring it on !!
Would love to! Indie film I am in may be in the Bend Film Fest so will be in Ore if it does. Maybe coordinate?
Yeah I heard 5pm today, 6pm tomorrow, no one can get it right. Not like anyone really gives a shit though.
Also, I really hope that the game companies are paying you... Because you are selling me on a LOT of games.
omg ur so pretty
what's up ? try to go to my basketball game :D should go with :) :) :)
If I could do it all over again I would.... And this time do it right.
we couldn't agree w/ you more. The 'citizens' definitely did not get their say in the naming of 'citizen's square'.
THANK YOU FOR RAINING ON MY PARADE
Did your whole system just crash? we have been working on our projects this morning and now we can't even get to the homepage!
My soul is filled with anger
I didnt think so!!!
Somethings in life are unpredictable, and right now's one or those situations where I have nothing too say.
Nathan Fillion tweeted about zombies all weekend--! RT : I'm kinda digging the utter cheese factor.
in hot pursuit for MINE, what you do or don't is not on my radar
Hot Topic :) Atleast that's what I was told... Or online
boxing is crazy. the rocky movies are crazy.
Famous quotes by Cory: "You ever just stare into the sun and be like 'Alright Sun, I'm going to see all of you and redness today'?"
Zoom zooms n wan wans..icy white honey bun..ooh there I am.
Uh, are you tweeting yourself? Haha.
“ If you have a Record & CD Collection for sale, we will buy it - e-mail or call +44 (0)1474 816043”
Habitat for Humanity dedicated homes to 6 families in north portland. What an emotional and beautiful ceremony!
I cant go a day without listening to music.
My pleasure, thanks for the opportunity to, well, collaborate!
I really need my phone to last the school day..
hehehehe yeah boy ;)
“: where r you at AV?” Navarre Beach buddy. Hope to see you guys soon
- all we need is for him to keep playing with this kind of intensity through the playoffs
we have a lot in common u like red me 2 u smile when u sleep me 2 im crazy u r 2 haha i love love u u love me? tweet me udo
I'm reading Pedaling Revolution: How Cyclists Are Changing American Cities by Jeff Mapes
everyone pray for my friend mike
I'm at a FYE conference...what CIRP surveys do we participate in? I'm hoping the YFCY survey!
Mine too.
is mt amazing cousin! i love him to death!<3
my apologies not you but Demaio
I've found myself in this cute Italian town where I swear I'm one of the only tourists. No English menus or anything! Love it.
If I'm going to pay almost $4 for an americano (which I'm not, ever again), the last sip shouldn't include a mouthful of coffee grounds
that's right, bring value. agree.
The Youth of Midway spent the night @ the church during a lock-in & are n their SaturdayStudySkills class & final rehearsals 4Sunday
Should I feel guilty that there are two contractors working in my attic all week to install my new AC system when it is 100+?
where is the trivia? I re-ask them to people and they are wondering if I have anymore. Thanks!
That weekend you thought would never actually come. And now, I'm DC bound for
BTW, not all the new fair foods will ruin your diet :)
I followed 's advice and changed my twitter picture to one that showed my face a little bit more.
Aaawwww good pic, love you guys!!! D your hair is soo long, Love it!
Tonight is Trey Grimm 6pm, and Francie Phelps 9pm taking your requests all night!
Hello Carri: Thanks for the follow.
zombies, as in black ops/callofduty!!!!!!!!!! :D
Last night some1 tried throwin an egg at us while we were walking to Big'z. I busted their shit with a full can of beer. Who really lost?
Hey kiddo how are u doing? Still setting the world on fire? Sounds like LA is being Rexxed! Where is that logo I made 4 u? Rexus!
i need a co owner....
But... nicely. I think the student will be more likely to respond if it's approached like a mistake, not an intentional insult.
I can't make it to work today, because the fan belt broke on the van, the brakes went out, and it has a flat tire.
congratulations justin glad we do not know how to see that today you turn another year of life I want a kiss for:
I know! That's a huge amount of money. Its double my YA budget.
"Our" Lakers we step up and meet the challenge, and I know Magic Johnson will be poud. #GoDodgers!
We trying to hit 1000 followers people!!! Where are all of my #carnival people? Follow for #MIAMICARNIVAL2k11 updates!
Just wanted to thank everyone who has helped spread the word about Baltimore Twestival (HFTwestival). This is gonna be big.
.: "Videos of cats playing piano: Credible, but not useful." . unpacks #webcred vs. authority vs. utility with us
I wish I had a dollar, for everytime someone called me sir.
I was wondering why they wouldn't fit though my mask holes.
AP's Minn/Wiscy chief of bureau, Dave Pyle, has the reins for final day today.More than 30 years w world's largest news co-op.
We spend the same amount of time and energy interviewing potential Temporary candidates as we do with our Direct Hire Time candidates.
RT“: iPads act as "the badge of cool," which can help reluctant librarians (&students) get into roving ref. #ala11 iste11
A TV-producer friend just said,"I think the world belongs to the storytellers." So true . . . and in so many ways!
Taking guitar lessons again...started today!
Friends come and go.
RT : It's almost bikini season boyz help me out RT : You burn 26 calories in a one minute kiss.
Crime involving horses being stolen has gone down over the past few years......nobody wants to be in prison for jacking a horse.
Mason folks: myMason portal (this includes Courses) is down. Blackboard Managed Hosting has been contacted. More info asa we have it.
Goes to show that you can buy your way to a Premiership title.
If her shoes light up she is to young for you.
when i wright my story people will be shocked what i have gone through to attain success, to tell you the truth its a joke
Just was chatting with a librarian from Baltimore and two vendors from Mango in the hot tub!
I bet it was bananas in Lexington tonight. Coming to Oregon next week?
Cool! I'm glad it was useful.
OH HEY TWITTER I'M BACK
I want to suffocate CEOs of corporations with my hairy asscrack.
": I'm All abouts My Money this summer...... So if u ain't offering that U not getting ANY OF MY TIME!!! #Simple"
Happy Birthday I hope u have a wonderful birthday :-)
This might honestly be my first time dancing to The Spice Girls...
Don't take the girl by Tim McGraw is one of my favorite songs
Watching House Hunters & saw a loft in downtown Atlanta for $190,000. What would that get u in Dtown Austin?A parking spot?
#WeWontWorkOut if you won't take me out for food of some kind
I finish a meal with a small piece of fruit if I am craving sweet. I usually bring my own if I am eating at a friend's.
and, here comes the spam. WTF was I thinking?
are trynA becum a rapper or something ?
Think I follow enough fish?
Wonder what I will have for dinner...
Get your paws out of his hair!!!!!!!! =D Oh I'll go there....Jeremy lets pick up Tom an go visit Aidan in NZ, I'll drive the Jag!
Harbaugh: "The original tweet indicated I pointed the finger at Bill Belichick and mentioned Bill’s name. I did not."
You don't realize how crucial the 'l' key is until it breaks (I had to ctrl + v all the l's in this Tweet)
So...after YEARS of trying...I FINALLY did it! I invaded your subconscious!
Rough start to the day. Good thing the next item on my list is #fridaycoffeeclub :D Time to ride a bike. :D
China needs 8% growth rate to outpace population growth (40mn PA) + avoid social collapse, EU very NB as is US who owe them $3tr.
At my nigga ant crib 3 bluntz rolled buhh many more to come #HAPPY NATIONAL WEED
maybe idk yet
Absolutely -- and I think I know JUST the one!! ; )
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!48
If you're wearing kitten heels out, you're already having a bad night out.
oh yeah? just like that?
We can't wait to see you again! RT im staying with you again next week! so excited!
TWITCAM AGAIN PLEASE!!!
oh either one fine by me :)
probably not...I suppose you just deal with it differently as time goes on RT ..do you ever REALLY get over someone you loved
Cool! I saw the ARC GIVEAWAY going on. I think I'll comment and apply. :)
Can't believe Valentine's Day is just around the corner!
Lmao watching Malibu's most wanted
where the show at bruh!
was the window OK?
#3 Luey V "jump out thurr" On The Indie Top Ten Plus One Radio Show www.blaze.wwradio.net
So I thought this morning while skipping every song in my mp3 "why don't I have any alice in chains or nirvana?"
you can take my spot...
nice.what u up to
I jus wanna chillax
RT : I saw today and I saw them babies too. So cute!!!- see u again soon....
Happy Teacher Appreciation Week to all the teachers on my timeline!!
BITCH that's y yo puxxy stank
Lol, I love the big red. I just really hate that crying commercial.
Evry nite I tell my 6yr old daughter a bedtime story from a diff ed experience of mine- 1st gr, HS, college etc. She luvs it.
CALLING ALL VENUES! Need a team of promoters and dj's that will walk the walk and not talk the talk. AZ PartyLife Productions 602.348.1722
Looking forward to #AAAL2012 in Boston from tomorrow. We will be there with lots of wonderful books.
I'm forever yours faithfully
are you sad austin left? :/
i talk to for 2 secs and i'm Googling "death star propulsion"
Power Rankings and week 3 wrap up to be posted later
that would imply the browns actually win that battle occasionally
standing in the middle of the crowd like... Who wants it?
you're in there like swimwear!
lol gotta save ere body
Oh my. now has a #buttmotions hashtag going.
..kill themselves..
See last tweet about housing crisis: all the more reason to sell on our Lease Purchase program and get FULL price!
we are giving away a few tickets to be on the VIP invite only guest list. This is from 7-9. I will be doing that in the next week
Got A Low Toleration 4 Bullshit!!!
Just when I was about to sleep twitter called my name
Very exciting!
they should...lol..
my pleasure--Jerry deserves to be in the Hall of Fame
Hi, Ali! Thanks for tweeting us. Can you send us a DM with the address you'd want your tank top to be shipped to? Thanks!
Smoke lovely": Thanks for following!"
hate seeing my honey leave but enjoyed the past 2 weeks. :( Going to try to focus on the wedding plans.. 5 months to go! :D
Great to know that they actually make those padded socks. Thanks!
It's on the countdown for Give 2 Max!
Yup so close
I love my president---GO Obama!!!
break time. break yourself. haha.
a bit of stirring here on the dais. looks like #atxcouncil is making ready to get back to work.
Listening to Blue II's dad talk about the dog amazing social media efforts Go bulldogs!
don't bother me while watching harry potter or i will kill you. >:3
I was off guard this was the last person I expected to text me today . . .
Why am I not surprised?
beautiful day (:
that's what she said
How many bedrooms are you looking to have?
i have a thousand different personalities.
"How's that working out for you?" "What" "Being clever."
I'll be doing an audience warm-up soon! See you then:) I'm here at the tonight show line.. Where r u? !
That's how we feel :) RT Group-sing is a little too cultish for me. I much prefer group-think.
had the same problem. Move to the city which you want to live first. No chance not being local candidate.
the blink tags wrapping the updates in the Robin Roberts piece are hilarious.
the Operation Oliver 5k starts in T minus 1h 32m -
RT looking 4 NASCAR fans to send burger recipes for event in Darlington. If you have one send to
I'VE CHANGED MY PASSWORD, TAKEN OTHER STEPS DUE TO SOMEONE HACKING MY ACCOUNT. IF YOU RECEIVE ANY MALICIOUS TWEETS PLEASE CONTACT ME ASAP!!
Holy shit... The concert is tomorrow. Fuck the AP U.S. History exam, I just need to get through it to see ATL!
“: You are a SICK Guitarist Check out one day!! #CLEVELAND” thanks and i definitely will!!!
I wonder how hard it is to be the annoying Geico Gecko voice impersonating an annoying Philly accent.
Read the 10,000 business Card Giveaway on www.justsmellsogood-nation.com and post your comments today
im anti bud light, cus bud is wiser
whats your favorite song?!?! =)))
Roses The Flower of Romance by Moonmaiden
So much Bio talk, I'm drained.
Iatley I've been thinking you & I wouldn't make it if we tried , I want you to tell me you don't want see me go & you want us to grow
isn't China where hangover 2 took place anyway?
Ok , tried to treat the kids. Too bad you suck and your menu lies.
Can't agree. OSU lost to Iowa State. They have no argument in this. The two best teams are playing & are #1 & #2 tomorrow
thank you for the love! I'm a little late with response, but much appreciated!
yeaa, thanks. But he's gonna go again or come to US and go to CA or NYC, he's usually around here. & its so much money !
you're welcome :)
Can someone recommend a good book?
so excited!!!!
You know nothing Jon Snow
ha we still got time the movies at 10:p
Ha, ha... me too! Then I wouldn't have gotten up at 4:45am!!
Happy April fools day, liars.
dude what the fuck is your problem! Talking shit like that to them....
I took pictures of the tulips & apple blossoms in case they get frozen tonight.
Who wants to go see with me at MSG!?!
word. ;p
Did y'all watch Next Chapter? I'm glad to here Bobbi kris is doing fine. Heartbreaking interview but u could feel the <U+2764>
I hate one direction.
GREAT album! RT Wes Montgomery's "Smokin' at the Half Note" is w/o doubt among my Absolute Top 5 Jazz Albums...
congrats on passing the test!
Quit being foolish...
oy no thanks
I think people were more concerned with getting rid of me than they were about winning the Cup anyway.
I didn't date you.... I dated your ass...
4) This news confirms I have no flippin' idea what the hell is going to happen. Lovin' it!
Blah blah blah.
...that and the floor being made of hot lava
What a difference a day makes - 12 hours ago it was 82 degrees. 43 now. Thunderstorms knocked out power at 11:45 and it's still out.
This game is completely over if Milwaukee can stop New York from getting to the free throw line
I'm eyeing the last one at the table.
“: exactly. That boy is gorgeous” inside and out ;)
So scattered brain right now. Going to be a different kind of weekend.
Wow...can I get a scripture reference with that claim????
aha yeah me too. I can't wait till after school.
thanks for viewing it:))
Update: TRAFFIC: WB Hwy 18/151 @ Whalen Rd (Just east of Verona) - All Lanes blocked - Traffic is being diverted to Hwy PB
I See The Blood In Your Eyes, I See The Love In Disguise, I See The Pain Hidden In Your Pride, I See Your Not Satisfied.
Enough Tweeting, Let Me Go Write This Essay -.-
no problem that's what were here for.. Hope you had a great time!!
Anyone else besides me see a #Perry#Palin ticket for 2012?
Nurses come in and put gloves on his hands so he can't pull his stuff off himself. He asks me "you want these?" Then takes them off
morning sweets. Have a wonderful day!
this game is so heated
Man this dude talking about I'm a distraction and all I am doing is sitting close to the action and evaluating players. Wtf
Riverside St. Patty's Block Party after a yoga workshop at Sunbelt Martial Arts in Mandarin. Had a great #Jacksonville weekend!
Super amped today...for no damn reason.
Statutory law is written or codified. It is known as "law on the books". It is enacted by the legislature.
Placist - possessing a deep conviction in the importance of place in many different contexts. Are you one?
What a beautiful day in #ROC! We hope you all enjoy your evening after work! Anyone have outdoor dinner plans?
what a night
Furniture, mattresses, and box springs, which can be compacted by the trash trucks, may be set out with your regular trash.
& Christoph Brunner panel on arts, perception & politics.
Got a Google+ invite today. Will futz with it later, but I think my circle of friends/etc. who would actually use it is very small.
Great time with and this morning. Thanks for giving me time to talk about Redefining Black Power!
Still need to get you on
los invasores de nuevo leon though
praise always works. Anytime.
not yet. The interview is next Monday. SUPER EXCITED. ahh i love my new iPad. Much faster and crisper than Isabelle :D
“: You are the most important person in my life.”
Day of meetings is over. Can I go home now?
Happy Halloween everyone! Find your local prostitute and ask them, "Trick or treat?"
Nice work , GI at the final buddy
It was great to speak at St. Mary's of the Woods and be with all whose passion is education.
#ABoyfriendShouldAlways care and respect you, listen to you when your day is bad just let you know he cares
Looking forward to seeing you at Emory tonight.
I can dig dat to bad the pack ain't in it. still gone be a good game I'm sure the Giants getting ready to crush the patriots.
Did you know could get in a car accident by videotaping in the car? Good thing he's a good driver, oh the things he does for us :)
thank you :D
preparing for our annual DIG Gives Back campaign
But for real.. the BEST years in high school was my freshman, junior, & senior years.
sweet! (: youre the best<3 how are you today!?
You're Welcome!
Gettin Money ALL DAY!
im new to dis shit but ima get use to it and dominate
They must realize they are playing OKC not the Bobcats. They gotta come 10x harder.
The only thing that makes life bearable without love is music. A weak anesthetic if you will.
That sounds amazing
I shouldn't complain about hype as often as I do, especially when I make myself such so vulnerable to it!!
Come to Atlanta! RT : If you are a city, check here to see if I'm going to put a reading in you this fall: bit.ly/7LhyM9
I worked on the Boom
yes. And you're thinking of MDMA. I love that my iPhone autocorrect capitalized that. Just like it does with OxyContin.
In the footsteps of the re-invention of the portal: federated ID, file synchronization, mobile app mgmnt and data security convergence
call me or text me and ill explain it to you. Its kind of a long explanation and twitter wont let me type it all.
If I was being punked I would of peed my pants and run out of that building lol
Evans&#39; Loves: Beer, Buddhism
OMG THIS IS GONNA BE GREAT!
So what was your favorite part of the #acms?
Let's get this party starteD!! Singles, couples and female fatales... Fun night ahead of us! I already see some love connections happening
Only my kids would get sick after Spring Break and have to stay home again...is this karma from when I was a kid?
haha sometimes. i only draw on the bus mostly, or when i'm hanging out with my animals
you da best!
I'll be heading to T.J. Mulligans 64 for the Adrenaline show tonight. Get there early for a good seat. We start at 9:30.
#HumpDay at Monk's. Windows wide open tonight.
Dear potential employer: I really like you. Please adopt me.
MAHOMIES are one big happy family!!(: RT if you agree !?
Happy birthday beautiful! RT : I love you team breezy!
somebody talk to me
many people say the internet was a fad. now we have something else, apps and social networks that only use the internet for fuel.
Thanks very much! Glad you could tune in!
"Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." John D. Rockefeller
We’re feeling spicy at JD’s! RT if you are too!
Just heard Christmas Rappin by Kurtis Blow! Now I'm in the Holiday mood.
can she at least drop coolers on the street as we roll on down?!?
Milwaukee Bucks 29 Indiana Pacers 34 End Of 1st #bucks #pacers #nba (Via )
Today's BTU inspiration: "If your heart is a volcano, how shall you expect flowers to bloom?" ~Kahlil Gibran
I like your name guys haha
Donald Trump~ A little more moderation would be good. Of course my life hasnt exactly been one of moderation.
#whatimissmost is my best friend, my other half, my soulmate, my happiness; this wonderful girl named
Watching last nights #TheVoice is Cyndi Lauper drunk? I love her but she kinda ruined the song
If I had one wish, and I could have anything in the world...
My twitter account has been compromised. I'm sorry for the spam message. I've changed the password, and I hope that will solve the problem.
#happyleapday everyone! Come party tonight!
your paper looks awesome. Thanks
you said just.. So I ment just..?? Lol
why oh why did I read MY FRIEND DAHMER before bed last night!?!? Amazing but super creepy!
Individual Solidarity: The Mark Huntsman Story
He promised he would be alright.. but is that the truth tonight?
Watching "The Walking Dead" on AMC. Who would've thought a show about the Zombie apocalypse would work so well.
You got it.
Norwood more polished? This kid more speed. Prob help out on special teams to start.
we love you! Thanks for the love even though we've been rather quiet. Have a woofderful week Roxy!!
i love some mcdonalds after a race
oh no, I hope you are ok??
my account is good! I have no idea why it says forbidden
I was hoping would be an effective role model and demonstrate appropriate decorum.
i'm still amazed that i picked the right major in college. here i am months after graduation, and i actually WANT to read more #TimO'Reilly
The most practical, beautiful, workable philosophy in the world won't work - if you won't.
I feel like I tweeted that once before.?? "Girls in high heels at home depot mean business"
Still my guitar gently weeps slightly out of tune
We would love to see the banner we made you in the wild!! Send us a pick.
Worldwide LGBT Civil Rights March and Rally in DC on April 21, 2012. Be there!
thanks looking for something more sophisticated
the problem with "living the dream" is that eventually you have to wake up :(
please follow :)
idk i think so but id k !:)
I agree. I've had my MacBook since 07. No problems whatsoever. Don't see myself upgrading any time soon
I raise utg, gets 3bet, I 4bet jam with AKdd, get called by KK, flop 6d2s4d, brick, brick and I'm out, suck 2 be me =\
THIS MONTH IN TAX HISTORY: 1943 Withholding taxes from wages begins, putting most taxpayers on a pay-as-you-go system for the first time.
hahaha definitely not!! Way too young!
Miracle Whip is nasty...mayonnaise on the other hand, yum. Baconaise is the best!
Just got out of surgery. Feeling like I got kicked in the stomach.
America going down the tubes.
haha oh I wasn't trying to make you feel bad or anything! Why is your back hurting?
We plant seeds that will flower as results in our lives, so best to remove the weeds of anger, avarice, envy and doubt. -Dorothy Day
Loving this WEATHER. Not too hot, not too cold.. Just right! :)
Of Course!! RT : Thanks a ton to for not one but TWO pairs of emergency contact lenses, I really appreciate it!
This is so true. My partner, a social worker trying to keep families together, is overworked, underpaid - so very wrong.
talk to you after the race good luck
RT : What can sports blogs offer sponsors? Per Offer them a deep community
Bitches be wil'n
Drinking an Oskar Blues Deviant Dales....again, probably again
My littlest one just cant take it...sound asleep on my chest in downtown disney...its a little warm out, but i'll tk the cuddle
okay ok
Fair enough. We'd appreciate help spreading the word if nothing else! We think some designs will appeal to non-players as well.
Who would have thought?! Love working for GE : -- )
I'm thrilled! i don't have to wake up at 6:D
OH my!:):) what a Beautiful girl:) oh yea! she's also an Awesome person~Amazing singer/songwriter~Actress! not enough space!
Full interview of retail #fashion truck by Guess what- that's my cousin !! Can't wait to come by!
Yes! RT Thanks to & for putting me over 400 followers! Day off here I come!
Cher is honestly my idol<3
Add revisions document to track updates to customer relation management system.
That one person who can make me smile even on bad days.
Survival expert Bear Grylls' son proved he's following in the TV adventurer's footsteps after rescuing a friend who fell into a river.
Look forward to having a dram with you soon!
I'm looking forward to the 8 periods of class for next year (:
Your the #onething that made me smile today :)
Happy mothers day to you :)
#onemoreyear until the aliens come back angs all this shit is gone.
Missing CNI 11, trying to finish a bunch of things before heading off to Cape Town!
Picture this; we were both butt naked, bangin on the bathroom floor.
The entire sphere is Holy Land (and water). Thanks.
Not by all, I for one don't think that your alts deserve to ride it, despite the clear understanding your the same player.
Tired bt gotta mke this money some way #$$$$
archives. hopefully
Headin' to the big buck hunter world championship at cubby bear
I don't give a fuck about the main event, it's all about this fight right now
Live from the inagural ceremony of Bob McDonnell in Richmond. just spotted Jim Webb. Lot of buzz about Mass.
Where's the pressure on Yates?
Thanks for the flowers! :)
Thanks for following me, I hope you enjoy my work
Fucking E-Trade ah
No worries!
Great to see you - hope you had a good trip! RT : Awesome day today in DC.
So I need to find a free tutor for math 96 or else im not gonna graduate lol any takers?
Beef Burger? Scrapple? Veggie burger? 5 toppings 5 sauces and 5 extras?! SO MANY OPTIONS!!!!!! Come in and make your own burger today!
Coming up on 14 months since I smoked my last Tobacco Cigarette. Feels good to be smoke free and still be able to enjoy a cigarette .
Are you interested to know how the Las Vegas real estate market did last month?Contact us at for your FREE REport
yea SCOTT
Morning Ryan!
where y'all at yo!?
Can't play it now but Trey will be on blast today....oh yea!
At Blue Jackets with Airstaff & new artists Neon Trees
Haha- I have to say though, kind of loving Angelina Jolie's dress- def best dress of the eve.
It's finally MONDAY! Get ur ass to djs Rob Sample Jesse Dorr Omar Garcia and from 10 to 230”
Oh, dear. The aches, pains and fatigue have started to morph into chills, icy fingers and a stiff neck. Not good.
is experimenting with Vimeo. 10min limit on YouTube videos won't cut it for this keynote address...
Like a mainstream fight club.
Web design offer Logo, Flash, Web Application Development and Web Site Development
Careful - there's lots of Drupal developers checking twitter instead of watching Batman at #drupalcon right now...
My lullaby tonight has been all the songs on my #iPod, which happens to be all three album plus some misc songs!
Everyone will judge what you have done, only you can judge what you haven't. Don't let them or yourself limit the chances you take.
..one of the band members will be dressed as ravishing rick rude!....awesomeness
WE REMEMBER.
Sad to be missing the home game this weekend, but excited to be heading to Boston to see friends!
Chapter 2 in 's #procurement story is about learning the most from its greatest critics.
What if it doesn't workout?
Thanks for the #lrnchat. If you are in the Portland OR area, OHSU Brain Awareness series on neuroscience is great way to learn more.
Bruh, Lunch breaks Always go fast!!!
It's Friday! What are your plans to stay on track with your phase of the #HCG Diet this weekend?
It's hot in Tooopekaaaa.
Wow, I've never stayed in a hotel room with NO view. As in, no windows in the room at all. You can imagine what the cell coverage is like.
thank you, that is helpful. YouTube is more popular, but we love the design of Vimeo.
I work w/eTec, you've written a bit about them. much will happen on infra front soon, would love to keep you posted
I want to be all used up when I die. ~ George Bernard Shaw
Thanks for the mentions ! Enjoy
Finished four 8% incline miles at 3.2 mph.
You get a lot free stuff for being cute.
Justice was not served today...Caylee is gone and her murderer is never going to pay!
This is my first of many tweets
If Walmart were a country, it would be the 25th largest economy in the world. via
#herworld. These two are successful and beautiful. What amazing women
I will be out of commission until Saturday :)
back from the #SoulCollage workshop. Wow, what fun. Have any of you made the cards? Very inspirational. My first one was creative balance.
Back at ya!! And so glad to find you!
Muchos besos to my Gleeamks for a glorious opening. LPR felt strangely like being back in dinner theatre. Funny how we go full circle.
BORED&HUNGRY-.-
If you have children, increase their allowances by the amount saved to encourage them to get involved in finding new ways to conserve
"well...i sucked today..." Tom Brady
lol I'm so serious
Monday night guilty pleasure... #bachelorpad! Love and Ames. Hope they are still together and we get to watch their wedding!
The officers will findwomen better worth their notice
Next time you get a great #idea, be sure to run with it! This is how #progress is made!
I just wanna go home yo! This place is a ghost town....
a very cute layout and so glad the bosox won.
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities
Follow Back
Did ratchet come from retched?
followers are organic. Post good content and they will follow.
Just tell them I'm waiting. And I will not give them any more mercy than I give Walker. He needs to win and change things.
La-La, your friend is crazy lol
hurray! I am delighted to hear it! Everybody loves caramel apple!
Pool time <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A>
I need garage repair... who do you know??? Call Me 505.688.4122 ASAP!
Great ideas often receive violent opposition from mediocre minds. Albert Einstein
"I heard she gets around/tupac bithces!" -
jelly? Lol! You just want to see them! Lol
i didn't know you were so good at gymnastics!
so delicious! Merry Christmas Aunt Mary.!
Can one really have "too much mango"?
500 Followers!! Thanks to all of you who are following Land is the Limit! Hope you all see some good fishing posts from us!
follow me please(:
Adults take Facebook way too seriously
Hail in Worthington zHills
damn. well hopefully we'll be rolling in shows and can get up to milw soon
lol @ my math teacher telling me i suck.
Give me your strength, oh chariot.
Whos going to see the avengers tonight? Im jealous :[
Your life is an occasion... rise to it! :)
we downstairs
Coyotes get defenseman Mathieu Schneider of Canucks for defenseman Sean Zimmerman and conditional draft choice in the 2010 NHL Entry Draft
I love going to Guitar Center. Now no one can ask me, how many mics do u have. There are 3 now! And way better light now! Book a gig!
Starlin Castro is a hell of a ballplayer. And he was a great kid when I met him when he was in AA. I'm a fan.
i really want some olive garden ..
The book is SO much better! And who thought that camera work was a good idea??
"Downton Abbey" Christmas special, anyone?
At Ben's Chili Bowl for the first time in years.
OH MY GOSH IF ONLY MINDLESS BEHAVIOR COULD FOLLOW SOME OF THEIR FANS IF ONLY
that you can think of, but still being stuck, and trusting that The Lord knows what's up
when are you going to Texas??
The Magnetic Fields.
Anyone know what the next stop is for Bruce Murphy since he left ....?
you should check it out. You ever been? Fall is the perfect time, it's a pretty amazing site.
RSVP for Walk SF's Member Meet & Greet on Dec. 8 - Supervisor Avalos & Weiner speaking, raffle, food, drinks & great company!...
yeah...i doubt it>>>>#i'mcashingout
No he is.
:) not a single person should deprive and damage their body!!
I'm just gonna tweet you because texts don't go thru here.
I don't want to date you
I'm ridiculously addicted to msnbc's locked up. #bringonthenightmeres!
Finishing up a great franchise show in ATL and now looking forward to #GLC with te in Vancouver this week.
Ha! Deal!! “: Is anyone? I could let you borrow my Jillian Michaels DVDs”
pls follow back
Sure, let's go after a project 3 DAYS before it's due. Only thinking positive thoughts...
i thank i wanna suk on it m yah i do =P
my point AGAIN being I have no problem with Hester as a #4 or #5 WR! But Zaidman/Pompei saying he's starter
I use my pendulum to get yes and no answers from my spirit guides about all types of questions.
is real
Just left the 2 Johns busking in Marvin Gardens Park, standup bass and harmonica.
I hope the concert was amazing! Did you guys see taylor and tori?
Wow finally after the 4th day in to my #changemybodymission I'm getting a hang of it :)
RT : Um... one that actually helps to support better performance...?
": RT : My stomach hurt/ did u eat white castles?" lmao fart burgers
We've got Belly! Check out our new rewards program at your next visit at Betty Lash!
11:11 hm wanna follow me? ;)
The OKC Memorial Marathon Celebration will be moving after you go to a trainer Aspen Penn Square Mall Athletic Club.
oh. I do know it. It's Va Beach. Very close to where I am. Haven't been.
Not long until I'm a proud ginger :D
Omg there's really a guy knocked out and snoring on the bus lol wow
Without Twitter I would not have known today was ten years since Avril Lavigne put out "Complicated"...lord help me I hate the world.
Im just soo tired.. Think a cold is coming on...:-(
Thanks Catherine--I hope to come back again soon! RT Great lecture in TO Steve! Hope to see you again sometime.
u a sexy m/fucka gizelle!!!
Lost in march madness, gators beat the buckeyes AGAIN thanks to lady gator hoops victory in 1st round women's tourney. Take that !
hahahaha me too!! I'm the same way! I mean..im all for a cash transaction than loan...but hey..think about it..be smart
Perfect Game for Humber! Congrats !
I actually enjoyed Project X.
Dick's news is old. Irsay has clarified his comment and Vick's hand NO fracture just bruised.
thanks! I got it :)
to answer your question, yes. Ahahah I want to coyotes
I wanna go away for the weekend....but where???? hm
Close this game Grizzlies!
been thinking about how 2mix badges adn standards based grading with activegrade or blueharvest type tool-maybe mix w/GBL- level up
“: RT if You want Princeton from Mindless Behavior to Tweet as much as He Talks!”
I don't wtf happened but u cant be nice to a bad bitch in Philly, she is gonna think ur a pussy!!!!!
Well... at least Whitney can stop Waiting to Exhale.
Oh crap, I totally do that. I thought that was respectable. Damnitall!
Is Bieber at the grammys this year? Lol jw.
Beat. Bed and sleeping in for a change
right on :) truth to truth!
Had a great day
"Well you could do that or do it and then sleep in your friends' car with a hangover." "... OR YOU COULD DO THE RIGHT THING." Karla... ha...
I am so furstrated... i have to gt out of this house....
Our first community outreach to the south Tulsa area tomorrow 9:00am at the Storehouse. Thanks to all who made it possible
cool, thanks again
Being single does not mean no one wants you, it means God is busy writing your love story.
relaunch coming soon. Working very hard.
RT : Dear Twilight, I'm sorry but I can't seem to hear you over the sound of my theme park. Sincerely, Harry Potter
we found it!!! Thanks for the heads up!!!! Made my Mommas day!! <3
keep stress at bay to improve your health. I don't worry about anything unless it will affect me ten years from now.Think about it.
I just wanted to take some time to say congratulations to for being on The Ellen Show! Congrats & I love you! :] <333
I hope you had no bad dreams last night
Oh, I don't like guns.
Both of us wish you guys had been at full strength. Great season. Nothing but love from the Kansas side of the family.
this little british boy got off a ride and yelled at his family YOU BLOODY TROLLS!!!. I died laughing.
love it love it!!! BOOM and a BANG!
Thank you for keeping my spirits up and knowing just what to say!
OF COURSE THEY WILL!
My sister is tryna be italian lol ;p
Brand awareness, lead gen and contests 2day @
I don't think anyone feels the way I do about you now
I'm going too fast heart first my head can't slow me down.
What would Steve Jobs have changed with another 40 years?
It is very important to generate a good attitude, a good heart, as much as possible. From this, happiness in both the short term and the
HA! No. It was during a show at Oberlin. Threw me for a loop to see the director waiting for me backstage prior to my call.
haha your welcome , you better come too :P
Harry Potter and The Chamber of Secrets, 1999
lol I know you told me , try to get more stuff out of her like more of her history with Grey
thanks hope you had a good day too RT Hope you had a good day today
It's a cold & rainy Monday and I have a pounding headache...awesome start to the week!
CONGRATZ ON GETTING ENGAGED!!!!
All Spiders know that one.. When I got to Richmond as a freshman in the Fall of '91, everybody had posters from the previous
Gears of War 3
oh okay tell her I say hey!!
Easiest prediction: #NBA finds a place for #linsanity #jeremeylin this weekend in #allstargame or
You need to come back because I miss you very much.
long day at the office ?
nothing has changfed from this year than last year lol
It was a campaign contribution.
YUP. ": Do you want to do karate in the garage? RT YUP. ": Did we just become best friends?""
Home bound now!
i'd say my collection of #davidhasselhoff action figures is worth a least 2 in the bush
Watching some hilarious movie with Jason Bateman and
Some People Will Never Learn.
hahaha I would say you're the exception to the rule but I do know your work schedule. I still owe you a Post Pub date...
i know,/: i think we're kinda on the same boat..
how old r u?
Encore Show Choir rehearsal is tonight! Get ready for a music-filled night!
#randomfact.. Vincent Coll got on my nerves so badly I walked into a police station and offered $50,000 to the detectives to bump him off..
Check out pro basketball in Phoenix when it was a test market. How Phoenix got the Suns. Go to bigdaddysports.blogspot.com
im soo happy .
*finishes tea, rinses out out cup* can't believe im still tired but I.didn't sleep much. *yawns*
Weirton residents: We're open! We have water, and we're open 24 hours. Stop in tonight for a hot meal!
Actress Rita Wilson, aka Mrs Tom Hanks, on the show at 6:20 PT I want to hear that Tom Hanks farts, or litters or something real
hey good talking to you just now
Oh god. Ew, That's disgusting.
Today was an exception. I can continue from here.
Is anyone else watching the Outside the Lines report on Dallas Cowboys sweatshops? Crazy.
dust off the shox... 3 quarter the zip function... take that, take that!
Love u back. Love matters most; is only central ? worth answering in this life. RT : ...
I can't wait to have a fun and stress free summer.
100 minutes of summer entertainment. Company Shorts!!! www.theatrecompany.biz
I am a Goat lol
Wat To Eat ,Wat To Eat ,Wat To Eat
#Thatawkwardmomentwhen we're playing just dance with the youth group
How are YOU celebrating #nationaldonutday?
On chips and salsa, Cyclone Anaya's is faring much better. I'm currently trying to set my mouth on fire.
Make something today...with your hands from you heart.
Doable. Just need to figure out my route and stops.
See what I mean? That should have said 'about math today' not math day. Although math day does describe today for me.
it was str8
oh hey my stupid phone is still an ASSHOLE. but thanks for trying, you're still my favorite
No probs. I knew where *you* stand on things. Was just taken aback by your friend's earlier tweets.
LOL RT : I hate it when my friends wanna have fun, and trying to be cheap.
I'm so happy it's Friday! Margaritas, pizza, mis dos amores & XMen. I'm a happy girl. <3
#tastemakersks Diversify your content strategy-Audio-Pix-Video Engage and Monazite your audience directly on social media!
If my Farfar were still alive, he would be 100 years old today.
Props to Dr. Latimore who did a great job at Vespers. Can I get an Amen?!
I wonder who's in denial about it. He must be a big hypocrite. ;7
Groceries! Best day :)
Remember to submit your #SportingExplore questions. Bonus points if your question is selected!
yup made the cut and recruited a team to build photo lab
Michigan lost!!!
good luck tomorrow mate!!
Glad Im not watchin it if it is. My N.O. fam is in a whole different realm & by himself. I wish him the best regardless.
Wait, what's not one-click? And yes, the GET was for OpenSearch
3 pitbulls in a 600 sq ft apt might be too many
One day im gonna be the one saying k. & you'll know how it feels.
ya my hair was hecka long lol
What other color, i have like all different colors.
$15 for High Tea for 2 Includes Mini Sandwiches, Fruit, Scones, and Desserts at Remember When Tea House ($30 Value)
Should be RT : unveiling "Great Bratbino" on May 25. A 2-foot brat w/ kraut. Options include chili & jalapeños..
I bet u a $1000 u won't follow me
touch life yeah? Wheel of Fortune is still syndicated. Chardonnay seems like the perfect wine to pair with WoF
at Gavin booty booty booty
haha it sounds like some sort of freestyle rap.... I'll get on that :D
Thank you so much! I don't know how we missed this tweet before. We really appreciate the love.
Shout out to <3 follow him now!! <33
I think I'll take a nap & hopefully wake up to a message saying you are sorry & telling me how beautiful I am.
Sweet action! Congratulations!
While the end result is very important , it is the journey that changes your life.
Still in bed.
funniest thing I heard all day haha
Your Auntie Is The BEST!!! Check Out My Twitcon What You Think?
Horrible thing to say smh.. RT I hate Kobe... I'm going to sleep
Best parts of my day: seeing the strong survivors at the #RaceforHope, & later, a long video chat with my parents.
Sorry to b ignorant and an old hag that can't see... who's that?
just wanted to say big ups to ya boy i respect all that u do god bless!
Yeah... spread the word. Just hanging out.
Lmao RT : no they don't!!! But they moose and polar bears walk around like stray dogs!!! And roach spray wont kill them!!
Got her handle wrong - should have included in that last tweet about lunch. Glad you could join us, Marshaw-wana!
1. I am assuming price is right rules, of course.
Who likes Real Estate? We're pumped to play with them Friday!
Needs rims.
New TweetDeck v1.3 a step in right direction towards the coolness of old TweetDeck-Air.
Headed to Birmingham to pick up my #grant. I hope it is a big plastic game show check.
Wish I was visiting my new little cousin in Minnesota!
Spit shine your black clouds now baby.
My coffee brewed nice and heavy this morning, I'm feelin good about that.
Walking up stairs. Tripping. Ow.
Someone should recommend really awesome movies & TV shows. It's summer & I don't sleep. I need to be entertained.
lol goodnight dream well =]
Help! I need your best 1 or 2-word themes for options developers can use in our programming contest. (e.g. batman, coffee, world domination)
Can we pause for a moment. Baseball season has begun, and the #Orioles are undefeated.
Hey Jehovah's Witness ladies, if you don't like me answering the door with my shirt off, then stop waking me up from my nap.
#hasselback potatoes look like an amazing steak side dish. #todo list.
5.5K S/O She's da greatest! She's super cute and I subtweet her a lot. Follow her! :3333333333333333 <3333333333333333333333.
ouch facebook is down
I hate that I like the movie "Fever Pitch" because Of the baseball. Jimmy Fallon is terrible.
You try. You fail. You try. You fail. But the only true failure is when you stop trying. – Madame Leota
When i first heard the song i was all like that sounds like cudi, but it doesnt say anything bout him but I googled it :)
Wealthy neighbors apparently have a new peacock. Exotic and luxurious in theory, annoying mating calls in reality.
Real beauty is in the heart
It is freaking me out that you are having this conversation in my timeline. Worlds collide, man.
The Old Ones are here!
excellent, thanks!
At Logan going to Twist and Shout
Big Sky leaders face off
you shall have, friendo
This argument never made sense to me. Do you chastise pro sports fans for not having played or worked there?
Check out 's music! He's DOPE!!! :D
Simple: Don't risk what you don't want to loose
looking forward to the weekend
Thanks! RT : Great interview with on this morning on the Get Fit Program! Did you miss it? Ask Donn ...
Sleeping no the floor me my empty bedroom because I am too lazy to go downstairs and get in the chair or the extra bedroom.
release it like after warped tour or before it would be cool too but
yay SHAPE! I was one of your co-founders, great to see you're still alive and kicking. Keep doing great work at NU!
Couldnt throw it in the ocean from a boat RT Conley and Mayo are 3-23 shooting today.
give the kudos to the BCS for making this game mean nothing to LSU.
Let us know what no-name Packers play in the game.
thanks to all for the happy birthday wishes!
hey stranger
your skillet head ass bomb tree stomp head ass bomb your roller blade dick face ahh your sewage tank breath smellin ah bomb
“ #realShit looks will get you in but brains & personality will KEEP you in...that a lot of chicks Downfall”
No substitute teachers in Japan. The children manage the classroom when the teacher is away. Trying to imagine this here...
yeah but have them reply to me.
Gotta get over u, nothing for me to do, but have one last cry!!!!!!!!
will you be live tweeting that class? ;)
<---- Collects Coupons like a BOSS!
I still can't believe doesn't follow me anymore :(
SHUT UP! jk but really ur still with that?
Happy Founders Day to
STAMPED-N-FAMILY TAKING OVER THE NATION!!! LEGGO!!!
Happy Birthday Ryan...Have Fun....Find Something You Like To Do...Go Relax....at least your birthday is is the off season..lol
You need a picture of some draintile, a radon fan or a sump pump on your profile!
sigh back to chores lol cuz the song thing isnt going well .the line "..ive got gout." says it all lol..whats wrong with me lol
A year since Haiti. It could of happened in LA just as easily.
Ha! RT : Hey what do u call a fake noodle? An Impasta
--> RT : It has the name of the whole album but only 1 song plays/shows up.
so who is #missionary mike. Is he more awesome than u are
pleasantly surprised when 2 frat boys I was judging starts talking about favorite classes to teach: "6th Grade social studies, MAN!"
NICE! LoL RT : Govt report says 41 million US workers are sleep deprived. Finally, an actual problem 4 yrs of #MittRomney cld cure
Thanks, Chris.
how's my nephew playing?? Tmac
Gotta get my Tequila from and house
going to bed i cannot think straight.
Mike Epps just dressed up as the ratchet police on the BET Hip Hop Awards haha
What Beers will you be drinking during the
UX a huge issue for , make cartography better and use tools like #TileMill for pretty
My last post was unclear...life is so Much more important then death
For a stronger marriage and better relationships, learn to take responsibility for your actions and your outcomes.
Thanks for the info! I think I'm going to get one of those holders...
Honoree we will have to meet when I'm back in town.
Doctor: I hav good news and bad: good is u have 24 hours to live: Me: Crap waz tha bad: I forgot to call ya yesterday!!! haha
Almost 400 bourekas made today...you know you wanna eat 'em!
I hope its fun! :)
Believe it or not the still call me
Cleaning up the house before heading out for 4th festivities! Squeling on the square in Murray,KY - stop by FBC net bldg cooling station.
thanks for waking me up! My iPod was on full volume and when you tweeted me it went off -_-
Thx 2 Community Trust Bank 4 participating in our Pinwheels 4 Prevention Campaign. Stop by any CTB branch during April to support
No thank YOU!!! RT : Thank you ! That was awesome!
Damn cinco de mayo parties making me eat so much food today
Thank you for the #FF mention! It's cool bein' real!
Any chance you'll be around the Minneapolis area on Wednesday, 12/14? Were hosting an #edtech event following
i thought i died when i left there haha
July 8th at Village Rock in E. Rochester! Come out to celebrate summer with some cool Classic Rock including our Fleetwood Mac Tribute!!!
what a fun site!
Oh, hello Lovely to see you!
This is awesome!!!
Why me? Because I'm me!
Can someone please tell me what does it mean that you had a dream about your lover ?
Day 2 of the 10 Ways in 10 Days campaign to improve the VA budget: Let's give kids health insurance, instead of tax breaks to those...
. Is there anyone who is doing tactile feedback w/ touchscreens that's getting it right?
I'm excited to laugh about robberies, murder-suicides,and sexual assaults without being in my living room!
They should re-name Pep Boys 'Treat You Like Shit & Make You Pay $800'
ill call you tomorrow!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
When people overreact for stupid shit,
Uploading an old short film to YouTube and Blip.tv. Overtime fans might be interested.
Feeling like I'm going to hit rock bottom. I welcome it, because I know I can only go up from here.
for dinner. Great food and beautiful view of downtown SD.
rt - when taking travel pics take one or two of a city sign so years later you can remember where you were
Dropped my phone in a puddle and now its not working right :/
I think the Irish accent is my favorite English dialect. I could listen to it for hours; it's so soothing.
Left is Right | Greece's Left Wing Tries To Form A Government - NPR News
Sad? Happy? Mopey?
It becomes a lot easier when you realize you can do it
Matt Moore played really well
you still out? @
We know you will clean up like always tonight. Have a great game!
Who are u talking about lol
What the hell?
my 300th tweet
The NY Times wants to put the news in your kitchen table theatln.tc/qIKX1E Cool or too weird? RT
no, I've never tried Pilates. You?
#SignsYoureGettingCheatedOn when they dam near tackle you , when you reach for their phone
#dexter season finale = mind blown.
Make sure it matches my current one.
I will send u the tracks today
"Word vomit." -- That's how a student succinctly paraphrased my instructions for a free write exercise.
Debate, yes. Presidential, not so much.
RT #6: Business Ledger (Kindle Fire Edition): Business Ledger (Kindle Fire Edition) by Aspiring Investments Corp Buy......
Rather than becoming obsolete, libraries r needed BECAUSE everything will b digital. Nice 2 hear from nonlibrarian student
RT : Looking forward to appearing on at 9 ET on #CNN to discuss my new book “While America Sleeps.”
You know it's time to say goodnight with the effort of holding your head up produces muscle strain near your ears.
The real question is do you remember the recipe!? I'm working on perfecting my figure, spiritually.
You know a party is crazy when your co-worker gets banged in the pooper on your front lawn at 4am. And your neighbors complain the next day.
Finally home :)
like on the tour!
I'm on such a sugar kick lately, and it's SO unlike me!! :-(
Had a great time yesterday! Thanks for all the birthday wishes and everyone who came out to celebrate with me! Happy 4th of July :-)
For the number of clients you have? I'd boost it. RAM is (relatively) cheap.
Thanks for the RTs and convos!
but only a week til I come home
Thanks for the follow. Your galleries look very exciting!
Put me back together again
our house where it's not public. Let me know which you prefer!
oh well i guess dat means its time to cll it a nite so nite nite everyone
This is a very underrated signing. Always loved this guy. RT : I'M HERE B-MORE! I can sense the excitement!
first session at 12.30 with Kim Tracy- $10 + one FREE class.
I can smell it at my house!!
RT : Failure is an event, not a person. Yesterday ended last night.
Darvish K's Maybin and Quentin around one-out 2B by O Hudson in scoreless first.
Happy Friday from Ben, Sarah, Joel & Emma! <3
My alarm clock is clearly jealous of my amazing relationship with my bed.
When in doubt, be kind.
hmm So what's for breakfast? Thinking of cooking or just buy a chinese rice.
girl be quiet!
last in jobs? Way to be bold. Please stop.
everybody its a great online hip hop website! very very ill!
Good advice from AEP! RT : Limiting the use of bathroom and kitchen exhaust fans will help you #SaveEnergy and money this winter.
If you call me on the phone and I don't answer...just know I feel your odd and just lacked common sense..watching oprah!
#Friday Night Lights win! Yayyyyyy Luv it and miss it.
Im out....s/o to all my follwers <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
I wish I had Hurricane
Happy Birthday!!
Gotcha! I thought maybe it was time for some full-on construction...
love you boo :-*
Fabulous Baking Brothers to turn Cirencester Christmas lights on - Wilts and Gloucestershire Standard Fabulous Baking Brothers to turn Ci
If you get the Golden Tickets, how do we get the arrangements all settled.?
I'm gonna be in Orlando on friday!! The 180 lounge is def gonna get turnt up when I come through
It's a problem that I love moving
Thanks. I didn't realize today was my 3 year anniversary for this Twitter account. Happy Twitterversary to me!
. so how did you get here under my skin ?
your coming to sta ??
Aw. Me too. And see? The very essence, the core of 2 + 3. We were experts at that!
Back from twitter vacation. What'd I miss?
Maybe it's because is so FASCINATING, people don't want to look away ;)
Call Me ASAP
It only game 1 chill QT : so what's up with them lakers
we need to hangout next time im in LA! :P
how many did you get for it bro???
and I started a fire!
RT CTGrlProblem: I refuse to call beer pong "beirut." What do you think this is, Masshole? Get out of my state.
Warren Zevon is trending...only in St. Paul
Why are there sad faces in your goodmorning tweet? ):
Bo Ryan, Randy Edasall, Brian Kelly don't approve
RT : Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord, and whose hope is the Lord. (Jeremiah 17:7)
Hello and Thank you guys
Working hard. Keep supporting us and spread the word!!
Always glad when I can bring students with me to activist events
If You Choose To Fight A Nigga At The Party Over ASS And FEMALES You Trippin !!
Rock the #NPSR, Mr. Todd! Next year maybe launch your own line of underwear. We'll be representing in AZ in about 2 hrs.
oh nice !! what do you do in you free tmes??
Would it kill to post their hours in front of the store? Nothing on their website either. Off to Target instead...
“: congrats!! BIG cover to have a story in”. THANKS!!!!
": Awesome news! “: Just Got Word I've been nominated for another Daytime Emmys Award!!!”"< So GRATEFUL & BLESSED
heck no I dont!!! Lets Go Peay!!!
They're descending into Kai Tak airport on Pan Am ... ahahah trying to land into the crowd of buildings ... "designed by Satan."
forever young
Haha, I know right? Sensenbrenner doesn't give a crap about anyone who is slightly left. Man, I wish we could get rid of him!
Such a beautiful morning. Already have 4 miles in and about 6 cups of coffee down.
AT&T iPhone vs. Verizon iPhone: All You Need To Know to Make an Informed Decision shar.es/30ZVx
time to watch Baby Mama.
nice and now we have them both
Roth + LaTeX = pretty CV
I wish mobile twitter would lemme see if my tweets were RT but no it's gotta be stoopid & not work -.-
Grandparents are finally back from crooo! <U+2764><U+2708>
The girl in front of me has a 4.5 gpa. Well fuck.
Hey, don't you know all the stuff in the NLP course already? :-)
sure! i'll get back to you when i'm on pc
Extreme Thing! :D
They underestimated us in 2007...but be sure they're ready for us this time!! Play smart Big Blue!!
Thanks David Golden @ WPKN 89.5 FM for airing my recording of Green Dolphin Street yesterday! ! Aloha Bridgeport!
"Good delivery time and as discribed and pictured Well Pleased THANKS A+" - Ina from San Diego, California
It's like Romeo and Juliet, hot sex..
Thanks for following me. I design and print do let me know if you need my help.
i love your part on the show you are smart funny and fun your great..
Truth! RT : The Mets lost BUT Lucas Duda had two hits.
you need to have an active game to add players (5tcap)
rest lady!
How bad do we have it, ? Welcome back, #ILYF to !
The King appears to have a court in Oakland.
This is one giant complex of mutually enabling avoidance behavior.
I now walk 3 times a day, because I have a dog. Short walk in the a.m. and night, long walk after work. Every day!
Welcome. I'm going to get in touch with my hosting provider for a password reset. Need that first. ;-)
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds
Wet Ultra Lounge Hip Hop Concert tonight call Sarah 915-449-2066
lovey the internet stop working :/
Fairly sure I am succumbing to whatever noxious virus has been going around. Hopefully, I'll get FA program finalized before fever hits. . .
your hair is getting so long! :)
RT : Tried training at the impressive facility in Phoenix? Join me for a ConfigMfr 2007 Master class on...
We have 995 followers. 1,000th follower wins a bundle of merch from AEMMP including sunglasses, Chomp Too, Pet Lions 7", and free DLs
You cannot shake hands with a clenched fist. - Indira Gandhi ---This is what hate-filled rightwingers just don't get
Finishing up my leftovers for lunch.
I feel like the cat who gets kicked out of the house at the end of the Flintstones! This is really wack!!!
Spaghetti, porchuto de Parma, home made bread, olives...
are there any subsequent reports providing updates to #HIE in Maine?
Browns are making the Titans look like the All Madden Team.
its heloing me stay awake...
Should I be concerned a lot of my followers are faceless eggheads?
She SO weird and nasty lmbo
u look like Roman Harper getting ran over at the goal line
No...I don't remember what happened to the other one? Help a Valkyrie out here.
Those #WhaluMen were great yesterday and they were swagged out with their bo-ties. and and
The Over is 11-1-1 in West Virginia's last 13 neutral site games
Happy mothers day to all my latina mamis out there
Looks like #rithockey isn't televised tonight, and I'm fine with listening to it on WITR, but I just have to ask: Anyone got a video feed?
That guy rocking the fuck out in his house to the Village People's Macho Man? Yeah, that would be me.
Thanks for the tweet!
how the hell did u find that?
Capitol evacuated? All three people? Come on.
wow, apparently
I will be home for 4/20!!Im tryna set a fucking record for the most weed smoked in 24hrs no bs
What the fuck does having an attitude have anything to do with getting a permit
nice! how is it?
The longest day of my life was spent at Disneyland...
Signed our letter of understanding with to build them a medical clinic in Malawi, help show your support
happy birthday hater! :)
I Admire You for the Strength You've Instilled in Me<U+2665>
thanks Mike! I'll turn you into a rockstar, too!
Enjoying this semester - great group of students
lol no kidding!yah mine are far from perfect.i'm proud to announce that i am still an AA 34 @ Victoria's Secret.im in HS.XD
I hope Evelyn and Jennifer at least talk and show respect to one another. This show is starting to go left real quick!
Punk ass punk
Reality TV is our generation's Stonehenge. In 500 years, archaeologists will dig up Pawn Stars on DVD and ask, "What the hell was this for?"
You're a crazy person, Russ, but I love you. Thanks!
month you and Romney stated it was over 20%, so I guess we are recovering after all. Thanks Mr. Trump
Srry just now saw ur tweet. They were allowing both ystrdy. Good luck!
Also, I think men should be included in #ask4more. We should all know our worth and not only ask, but take risks to get it.
Just worked out with the boys from #whitecollarbrawler. Great workout. Angelo is a beast. Question is
Low of 33 today.
Hi, test data shows we’re using 20% more CPU to perform 250K more IOPs, outperform Q by 50%, CPU effic. 33% better in result
no no one really did anything..jus realization
I miss Mat Gamel. He was good about driving in runs when he was playing.
Finished Love is Always Write story, got it back from who beta'ed. Gotta neaten it up and then send it in!
if you want come up with cool designs maybe well use it :)
I know too many Amanda's that I'd rather not be associated with lol
What did I tell you, its been rainly all day today in MN! We are allowed one sunny day per month-LOL
I really hope our offense can get us there? So far I am concerned, but still hopeful.
Every time I walk past steve dolinsky (same 'hood) I get a sudden craving for Chinese food.
Mall && hospital later
Go beyond your ego n the internal dialogue. Make a decision to relinquish the need to control,the need to be approved n the need to judge.
Tweeted Thanks!
SHOUT OUT TO THE GIRLS WHO WAKE ME UP IN THE MORNING BY TEXTING MY GIRL EXTRA EARLY.. THANX -_-
Hey - where is the form to submit user submitted music events? thanks!
: Oh, I agree. The Black Pearl is on. Just a matter of time. Catalan resembles the basic Spanish I took. Understand a little.
Bowling tonight for charity. What are the odds I crack 120 my first game?
RT : Congrats to Freddie Munoz for winning the NBA Lottery tonight.
A honest person can admit their faults!
preaching to the choir
I thought you knew! -.- lol goodnight
Right on! RT : And everyone should know- there is no better way to travel than rickshaw!
#didyouknow? the #secret to #mcdonalds world famous fries is the #potatoes. they only use the #best potatoes.
Come 4 the #Carmel Farmers Market Saturday Morning & stay 4 the International Arts Festival. The Market is open until the end of October.
your boys were kicking tail last night. Awesome game. Good series so far
*grabs binoculars to see Dani in Batsuit* *doesn't snitch, just watches*
Tough meeting. They're all gone now. :-)
Thanks for the follow, I look forward to your tweets #voiceover #voice over
Yeah!!! RT La Santa Cecilia Accordion Festival--Awesome!
nobody is returning my gig ems on 45
Show getting stupid. Guys should have left. She's vacant and ridiculous.
LIKE New Horizon Theater, Inc on Facebook, the TheaterWithHeart!
Self diagnosis is on the rise. Be sure to get checked on unusual symptoms. Better to know nothing is wrong than not know when something is.
If u tryna c sexy ladys and get yo drink on, mske sure u gone b at #figure8 this saturday. Its gone b $1 entry all night long !!
Fuck you McDonald's for giving me hard burritos 3 out of 4 days a week!!
Only thing that worries me about the Perry pick is he wanted to play in a 4-3. What do you Packer fans think?
Being in a relationship is a full time job, don't apply if you're not ready.
Sans math: if Mariners had 2011 payroll, but without Miguel Olivo, they could afford Carlos Beltran.
Awe love it<3 You're awesome, thankyou RT : Big fan of music and live shows! #MusicInTheD”
Very proud Mama! My daughter passed all her classes and now has a Masters degree from Smith college! And she is only 23 yrs old.
lol because I really didn't have to pay cause he had money
Can I be your 8k shout out?!?
just unlocked a deal...nice feature...keep up the good work...
We're like gonna impress you. Check your email, man.
I would of loved to win that all access backstage pass to the Snoop Dogg Concert including hanging in dressing room.
I'm pretty convinced #US_Airways has destroyed Pittsburgh airport - on the flip side the airport needs to move on and drum up more airlinez
screw you <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
What are your plans for St. Patricks day?
scheduling dinner/concerts for the winter including Tel Aviv violinist Daniel Hoffman and Beijing pipa player Yang Jing!!
lol it's ok i never rarely get replies to my tweets any way
As long as a test still represents meaningful behavior, there is no reason to remove it.
Dreams last night: watched Japanese porn with the bf's brother & someone came into the library with a bomb. #WTF is up with my subconscious
pleasee follow mee it would be the best
Oh good...thanks!
EmpireSteals.com is ready to go. The first couple of deals will blow your mind. 1st deal will launch in a couple of weeks!
Just finished eating Indian food galore at Mirch Masala with !
thats y I love tabs..ur team can lose but I can still win
#schoolmemories is now trending, to bad some of us can't recall the good ol' B.C. freshman years!
I'm in Kansas City - I'll be sure to grab the AIPA.
Google maps are most helpful for writing about real places and getting a feel for them. It also helps to know if they use cars there, too.
Especially w/ css I still learn new things all the time. Let me know if you want help/thoughts on launching something
That was not funny i thought you was so serious. !!
Thanks for the follow on the New York Twitter list.
Here at work where id rather be hanging out with ! Grrrr :-(
Does this mean you also don't know about the new Ron Swanson Ben & Jerry's flavor? I think u will approve
Hey ladies, if you're in a rush and only want coffee and soda for your kids, go to a convenience store. Don't sit at my table and lose me
We had a fun time at the Safari Half Marathon last Sunday. What other runs are you planning on doing?
You were clearly waiting for my cameo on Diners, Drive-Ins and Dives tto go obviously... Awesome right?
why thank you!
grilled cheese and kool aid :)
no, I should be fine, I watched Human Centipede 2 w/o flinching so I should be golden... can't be worse than my own thoughts
i'm hooked on the sweet tea vodka and lemonade myself :)
This girl is annoying
is your Tumblr blog from McDonalds? bc im loving it, haha wow im obsessed with your blog!
But here's a question you probably haven't heard many answers to: How do these new marketing channels generate leads?
Valle de los Caidos, Segovia, or Toledo are all amazing. Toledo might be my favorite though... Enjoy!
Also, just noticed it seemed to only index my contacts from M-Z from Address Book (when I look under all contacts tag). Any fix?
Thanks for the shout out. Hope you had fun on Friday!
You will never be younger than you are today
yes he is!
i've now been able to distinquish when I'm the "in the car and I'm bored" call vs. the "im actually thinking of you" call.
Just got off work.. nice day out.. thinkin about hittin the driving range
Forecast for Wednesday Night: Partly cloudy. A chance of showers and thunderstorms in the evening. Lows in the mid...
That is a really tough job. I see some COs who are amazing, others who are petty tyrants.
USF men's basketball team wins second game at national finals!!!!! Fantastic!!!
Going to sleep. Goodnight!
Need Twitter Basics? Come to "You should Tweet That Mar 29 at 9:30am". this workshop will go over all of the Twitter basics. Call 344-3933.
sez "if nobody in your network annoys you, you're in an echo chamber"
please send ur email info to for more info....
You think it's rough in Israel. Think again. It's worse thank you think.
Miss U! We'll have to catch up over lunch sometime soon.
Really???! Well you didn't need them anyway! Lol
Are you following us on Twitter? !!!
Serpent's Stout
Wally's bored with the inept Jazz. Are you? Will the Spurs sweep in Utah
I had to learn the hard way that some people walk into our lives and physically walk out, but they never really leave.
it started raining, you left me at a ought and I didn't know if you were going to mission or tb. Cool.
its Jay Valentino waz good my dude??
12th century Danish politics are driving me mad. Everyone is named either "Knud" or "Erik" and with a different claim to the throne
Thanks, buddy! You know it! You, too!
Tonight the Poreotics are performing ! So freaking excited!!
fascinating! I must research now. ;) thanks for the info!
indeed, I was being sarcastic. I'm an avid WordPress user and highly recommend it over any other CMS (I've used them all)
yes! Are you coming?
Only because you look so rugged and manly.. Just surprised ;)
IDGAF = I don't give away food.
Last night I be became "aunty Kate" woohoo! Congrats to my sister and her husband! A beautiful baby girl to spoil!!!
I wish I was a book worm but I'm not
Just opened my first container of Greek-style yogurt, and I'm pretty sure I could repair holes in my walls with it.
Does anyone know when the NBA All Rookie teams are to be announced?
Never give in. Never give in. Never give in. Winston Churchill.
Looking forward to it! It's going to be a great show guys!
Expected to be 77 and sunny for opening day! Lets go #MURFCNATION come out(#KingField) and show support for #MURFC as they take on the alum!
Mark Cuban is 100% right. Each candidate only care about their party instead of the American people.
How ever had someone steal your heart away , you'll give anything up to make them feel safe ?
I hate you! ;) I'm so seeing That next week!
Nobody remembers the guy who finished second but the guy who finished second. – Bobby Unser
Going to the D-Derby today!!!!!!! :D
Unless you've a definite, precise, clearly set targets, you are not going to realize the maximum potential that lies within you.
THANK YOU
#Confession...when I met her on the streets of Philly, she sucked tha skin off tha vendors Hot Dogs...soo err, yeah, now I'm in luv!
we are looking to order some boxes, can we get some samples of the sizes we need to see if they will work with our items.
happy birthday justin!
WHAT the HELL I only got 136 followers and I'm like almost following 1,000 people
That moment when will never follow or retweet no matter how many times you tweet him. :(
Nice! I never knew the trick to start at a certain time, thanks. Happy Friday!
that would be monumental
Just got that much better today.
*She smiles widely* Jacob, Jacob, Jacob.
Who's the Oklahoma City coach? Breckin Meyer's dad?
thank you lol:)
Should I stay or should I go now?
Jumbo prawns, wheat linguine, and tossed salad for supper. DQ for dessert.
Think where mans glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends
Madonna renting new home?
I only took a couple and they are digesting morgan has the rest:)
We got a speacial thang going on. I love my Mr. Right
Why do I still care about you, when you don't even think of me anymore.
Latest #WalkerFailure tv ad forgets to mention his budget proposed $59 million cut to SeniorCare & $290 million cut to FamilyCare
3 district baseball champs all within 5 miles of me: Lexington, White Knoll, Gilbert. We play baseball here!
I think August is in he works.. Will you be going there this summer?
spring fashions without spending big
Want to get more fiber optic cable throughout more of the square
"trolls...you know what to do" is the best line ever. followed by "ball so hard". you're the best!
Sitting in church
Anybody out there doing a bit of CPI advertising? Have got a few questions for ya...
Student assistant processed about 80 #zines for the stacks this week. Check some out for studying/paper-writing relief.
what venue/what promoter
Five days until pitchers and catchers report. <U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE><U+26BE>
at the very least I was able to help a short secretary reach something off of a high shelf when i was on campus. haha.
RT : Dear other NFL Players DON'T CARE ABOUT WHAT TIM TEBOW IS DOING! Stop asking them ?'s about him! Sincerely ESPN Viewers
YES. SO EXCITED FOR YOU/US and our continued efforts into annoying hipsterdom yay!!!
The body regulates its metabolism primarily through enzymes. Enzymes are the stuff of life
New account name ;) I spelled it swifty cuz swiftie wouldn't fit. I still like swiftie better though!
One day to go...to anyone who sees the midnight showing tonight, all I can say is "KAAAAAAHN!!!!!!!!!!"
On the air !! Call me 550-9696
Thnx! Bring ur guy friends and "suggest" they give you their girl tix! RT : Guys Night is a great idea!
Yes, just signed up for the showcase next week. See you there!
I love you & I know you'll always be there for me <3 ;D
Thanks! We <3 you too :)
Love everything you are retweeting regarding the shiz going down in madison.
Ohh I'm soo happy for you hun <3 Yes ! I miss you too , reallllllyy :/ <U+2665> Let's do something at the next weekend <U+2665> Kay ?
Environmental justice would also be relevant to Butler's critique of Arendt here. Getting esp. interesting now
Phillies can win WorldSeries.If it rains for the next 4 nights,then CliffLee starts Game 6,rain 4 more nights, Lee starts game 7.
I love my school!! #nationalchampionship #bbn!!!!
Tired as hell 4real
Maybe I'm exaggerating but I am parading around in not much and he hasn't noticed.
Late on this; but I know I've seen it first hand to. How funny!!!!
Any chance the Browns can find a beast of a tight end? Watson is good but aging, Moore can't block, and not sure Jordan Cameron is that guy.
Thanks for the RT!
Spring cleaning. i decided to put all of my winter clothes away so it better not get cold again!
I told my mother I was going to kill myself and she ignored me.
More like, "howling for boo" am I right, folks?
following :D !!!
": Yay!! The Boss is opening the Grammys!!!" Your favorite right?!
how many of my followers live in the US?
did anyone else adore justin sweats or was it just me <3
Justification is a legal term. The word is a judicial term meaning "to acquit, to declare righteous, to pronounce sentence of acceptance."
Stressful week so far..its only tuesday -__-
Just grabbed a for my last lunch in ATX...for now.
lol just until next time...
:"EW! WAS MY BRO JACKING OFF IN THE SHOWER?! Omg EWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW" it happens to all of us...
clothes would probably be a good idea.
I get da weirdest song lyrics stuck in my head durin work...
followed you on tumblr because im that nice(:
thanks my cuzin said i got talent but need at least some better songs
4 am and I've been awake for hours
Happy Birthday!
i sleep in i am tired but re-charged!! lol
BATTLE OF THE EXES time
The world's best beaches | ITV News: The west has some of the best beaches in the world. That's according to Keep Britain Tidy, which...
Avoidance: doing the things you kinda don't want to do in an effort not to do the thing you really don't want to do. *sigh*
Thanks for the follow, ,
Sacha Baron Cohen is my idol, he just dumped an urn on Ryan Seacrest at the #Oscars #Eredcarpet in character as The
Its snowing in the UK! -__-
: Haha! BTW, The Notebook is in my top 10. <- Taxi Cab Confession.
Thanks Jimmy, we try our best... and enjoy helping folks stay informed. YES, For Sure!
Good morning. Ah today will be a very weird day
Kirsten Dunst&#39;s Sexy Side Ponytail
she cant her mom said so but heres her right shes going talk to u on her okay
About to make chilli..granted, it's vegan..but YUMMY..fell in love with vegan chilli years ago in LA...
Hey! whats up!
Mine's pretty bizarre too, and well played, sir. Well played. :)
At least you know it's real then.
The Chinese Hukou system slows economic growth and urbanization. Citizens can only get benefits if they live where told. (Bloomberg 3/12)
It all sounds very exciting - and liberating!
Whoa! It's Cinco de Mayo today. Sure didn't see that one coming...
Do you keep Gomez in to bat in order to out run a double play?
"Oh, I grant you that the wheel was also a fine invention, but the wheel does not go nearly as well with pizza!"
#10LawsOfSex U betta shut up and gag!!!
About to hit this track
3/4 if my weekend will be shoots. Almost all 48 hours, & the next 24 hrs straight!
Where to store geospatial data? (hard drive on desk not enough) Who is storing geospatial data in Wisconsin? UW map library...anyone else?
Couldn't have said it better myself haha RT I think you're fitting into that mustache perfectly
After my #School its #Minnesota ....
Suggestions for a good lunch spot near Soho NYC? Oysters & seafood would be great.
have you ever had or considered getting a cat? ;>]
Just got home and saw that is following me!!!! First thing i did-had a mini spaz attack
Green Day-Boulevard of Broken Dreams
Eating supper at the Pizza Hut where Michael and I met and fell in love almost 15 years ago
Tech? For what?
"Life is a daring adventure or nothing." Words of wisdom brought to you by Better Buzz
Gaga was amazing! Give away her straw with a gaga trivia game!! Also crazy Italian grandma video on ur site- AMAZING!
Warmest day so far this year! Sun's out. Beautiful! Did a little shopping, Now it's back to work.
Top tip when pitching me a book for review: spell my name right. (It's right there in the url...)
you make me happy :)
lol it's 5am i haven't slept and Liz & Ashley are coming over,wut.
Cardiac Kids! #RedSox!
Looking forward to today's IML seminar on database documentaries and interactive digital memoirs by Rosemary Comella
hahahaha! That is a hilarious tweet! We are awesome...and so are green beans!!!
I ALWAYS reply!! & I don't know why you're scared! I can't even remember what happened in the movie!!
And they just ran out of the one I wanted. Time to up the capacity.
Kind of like the sharks and the jets...except a really REALLY white version...
thanks to YOU! I had a blast workin' with y'all!
DealShow starts in just 1hour! Get ready for it, you know there will be some great deals!
3 sold out shows at the Byham on NYE = an amazing way to bring in the New Year! Tks again & for being a part of it!
He liked that answer too!
Test via
Sad about Christopher Hitchens. Didn't agree with him always but always admired his belief in voice. And he was really something at the end.
Im tired as buns!
Habitual physical activity reduces depressive symptoms and improves emotional well-being.
I like watching the #Blues self destruct.
uhm i dont know how to work this thingg, :/
are you an Noah okay
I Sure Will Sweetie!!! I Gottca Ya!!! :)
www.bennyandthebreaks.com www.facebook.com/bennyandthebreaks Songs should be available for free download on the website soon.
Something exciting is happening with our "One Idea," newsletter from .... can't wait for everyone to HEAR all about it!
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 8
you're presh. I miss you! !
What the-- What? That. Fuck. Drinking now.
FYI is at HR-57 Friday, February 5 - save the day. And let me know if you're still on for dinner Jan 15th
Motherfather! It's going to be an epic farmy weekend! What are you harvesting baby?
OMG!! Lol! Couldn't even imagine that now!
lol I like this
heyy check out my tumblr and youtube channel <3
Just re downloaded instagram, and I have 700 followers... Thanks Ashley for adding pictures on it! Hahaha strange
ooww my got....I am deceived
Do people still pay attention to TED or did that trend fizzle out?
tell Christine I said happy mothers day:)
thanks! Glad to be in the public sector.
I love the xmen but Scott is such a dick. Hate him.
no prob, congrats to u & &every1 else!
For as long as i've been in love with Forever 21 i think im just now realizing they have John 3:16 printed on the bottom of their bags. <3
Have you met 's alter ego yet? No? Trust us, you want to. Catch them & CENTRAILIA (!!!) on Fri. Jan 27 @ 9:30pm!
Hiya #fashion fiend, thnx for following back
PS...when you buy a sweatshirt you also get a free t-shirt!
Warm days make me think of sexy navel piercings! Stop by and check out our selection of gem navel jewelry.
. ha! I actually did get goosies during that Joshua/Jessica duet. I hate that word. Curses to you JLo.
CAPS BITCH, CAPS!
Gay ass fucking night
The first couple weeks of breastfeeding can involve lots of learning, but it will become much easier as you & baby get the hang of it!
Twitter broke my manhood.
Why aren't trix shaped like little pieces of fruit anymore?
Currently listening to my great grandmother tell me how Don Drapper from MAD MEN is easy on the eyes.
lol no i almost passed out. That was another girl that had the ambulence come.
Always do what you are afraid to do .
I dont even have a blu-ray in my office..lol
POOP CRISIS RT : # of rolls of toilet paper #Costco sells every year: 1 billion.
dear : i'm not a fan of the redesign!! please go back to the way it was before, k thanks.
The word "jazz" was a common American slang term meaning "as exciting as basketball in Utah."
So....the Avengers movie went hard in the paint...
Happy Birthday !!
It's just gross....guess i just gotta keep praying I dont sit in anything that leaves a stain and/or a smell
lol...come see
Chris! How have you been? :)
if he gets famous that means he would have to go touring and he might be too tired to tweet D^:
You guys are in the movie playing at El Rio
I JUST CANT WAIT UNTIL new song #SaySomething COMES TO ITUNES! I WILL BUY IT AND LISTEN TO IT EVERYDAY! Im so proud of you!\|
wow h8 life
lmfao your crazy
Hey, #JPMorgan, "sloppy" is not hanging up your coat. Losing $2B is weapons-grade stupidity. Or worse.
#FF -> Great guy who just started as the new photo editor. Welcome Jim!
you do know that I had clothes in that hamper you took out of my room right?
totally my fb status today.
I'm only gay when I'm sober
got it. I'll send you the tech specs for both systems - CMS & Integra so you see what U need as server power
If you ever ask me my answer will be....I do I do I do I do I do ;)
sheeeeeesh, I am sorry I broke your arm!!!! (although I thought you were 5 so was this nathan?
thanks for the pizza! From all of us at the Assignment Desk :) Happy Holidays!! It was DELICIOUS
Hi Sherri! You have really inspired me in the last couple of months. <U+2665> your spirit.
What in the HELL is going on?
Guess who's at da Beauty Shop me.... Ayee gettin Dolled up
tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea tea! Or gin!
Forgot to cc you on my last post.... [signed] Your Serf
I love love that picture of you two!
me and literally sit on the phone and and listen to eachother eat lmao
Yep! Supposedly he lives in Florham... Where ever that is. Ha I am sure you know.
please remove this Frank the space experience is not in my mailbox LOL :) How on earth did this happen?
You haven't heard of DMB? Oh the youth and how they need to learn the ways of live music, I wish I had an ICS.
What? Well done3? Cant wait.
then get on it. Two glasses
I made out with a guy at the Make-Out Room. Obvious, or subversive?
Thanks for the reminder..
hi sarah :)
how the hell am I supposed to take a TEAM TEST alone.
How ppl can't remember the name "Alice" is beyond me. I'm gonna start doing ridiculous things when I meet people so they can't forget. haha
Wow....i ordered stuff online and somebody stole it from outside of my door.
Need to go on Twitter more lol.
Have you seen/heard of Toe Juice in your #Chicago ? recommends it. I want some lol
I need to get down to Texas and hit the Mud Pit. with Pay Checks!
ladies: learn how to wash your pussy before you expect a man to go down on you it don't suppose to smell like you on your period 365
it was so good i loved it
their focus has shifted to the Braves. Ready for baseball season here in the south.
But... but... I might be moving to Michigan soon :o
You are absolutely incredible. Never think otherwise.
And you can loan books right? RT : B&N iPad Reader, 1st impressions: Better than Amazon's....Nice start.
We knew this! RT : HOT STUFF! CofC was named one of the hottest Colleges in the nation!
Test post...
Wondering if anyones ever tried to run a business from their bed?
Lots of hugs and kisses to u tammie holland...be blessed today <Zee>
Who are these people???
yes, or partnered up with Mel Gibson- which is just as bad.
On the Avengers bandwagon!
What do you get if cross a snowman and a shark ?Frost bite !
#BoiseSOC Bieter: This is one of the most significant donations in the history of the Boise parks system.
Due to a conversation with I'm now watching Spinal Tap.
I smoke weed like a fuckan indian or sum..
I'm really struggling with thinking about the thought of thinking about being productive
too bad there's not one of jason and travis too.
That awkward moment when you're at the bathroom and you run out of paper.
Thanks Laura! “: Followed you :) #JustSoYouKnow LOL :)”
What have you been working on lately?
Thank you Sean for giving Matt Wieters a web gem on baseball tonight cuz he just fucked u up.
The most important skill you can have: The art of explanation.
dope stuff bro, just listened to "Shawty like me Ft T Wall$" keep it up and you'll get the recognition
"all honestly 1D are hotter, no doubt. But to me I love all 3 bands so freaking much but most Australians only like 1D and dont give the.."
Hang in there baby!!
Yep! I gave out one tiny tortilla chip crumb, and you'd think I was a tree with the climbing action that ensues now.
My Daddy was a hit man, it's already in my blood.
the girls?
Can this stupid bus leave already
When people waste my time <
he's a star! Take that "back"...
Backstage Rush tomorrow.! <3
#Iloveaustinmahone trend it :)
I don't think Justin Bieber is the father, but BELIEBERS should not be hatting so much.
On To The Next One
Does anyone use #bitcoins ? #bitcoin I'm pretty excited about it all :D 1F7FUvtT58HjUgsDA5gW5sZUeq2SRfT6wx
Eagles adding Fletcher Cox to already one of the deepest and most versatile D-lines in FB. I'm loving it
Omg was on basketball wives for mi mi birthday aww they are so sweet n her mom is the best
#plpnetwork to me the #1 benefit from a plc is the gestalt of connecting to and sharing knowledge, networking, and sharing
LOL so you're just gonna leave me there?! By myself?!
Hahaha that happens to me sometimes, too! It is the excitement of writing a race recap!!!!!
just thought 'maybe I'll order chinese food instead,' but realized it is not even 9am.
Andre Miller reminds me of Richard Pryor.....no? (Ok, now I'm really going to sleep) lol
Thank you Lynda and KFA! Happy Sunday!
i just did lol
I think hit man Is just a little sensitive vs romantic (;
I was lovin' the large Betty whateverherlastnameisnow.
wow....kings are winning 5-1...
im so proud of how far you've came since #ShootUsDown <3
follow me to DM
you too!!! Xoxo
Want to be a model must have long legs
is loving his summer.
get a life dude, you suck and vandy sucks to. Ha,ha,ha
": she was with me last night losin at "baseball" :p" lmfao! This is true!
f ya you! Congrats man!
lol Bud appreciates that. RT lol You'll always be cool...you have a pet chinchilla. lol
I guess u can say that
Imagine replied to me but I shut my phone off so I wouldn't know...lol.
MLB needs to start
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys<f0><U+009F><U+0090><U+00AF>
Stop being assholes..this is stupid if is actually negotiating, probably a lie also but Both of u guys are greedy IMO.
We're sorry, but something went wrong. We've been notified about this issue and we'll take a look at it shortly.
i don't think you understand what you did to me when we first met. it was a whole new feeling. i miss that.
lmfao !!! Right yeah I got u a pair come get them
“: all i want is love..love love LOVE!” me to
Real shit, if your girl is talking about other niggas you're probably doing something wrong
The 2009 American Religious Identification Survey: # people claiming no religious preference almost doubled from 1990 (8.2%) to 2008 (15%)
I just wanna be alone tonight,i just wanna take a little breather*
This guy doesnt even know what stepbrothers the movie was
hey gene follow me so I can dm you. :)
Anyone wanna sing me a lullaby or get me something to eat...? Im hungry && tired
Man , My got some serious bad luck .
The USA Premier Baseball Tournaments are definitely the best showcase of talent and well organized tournaments around!!!
Helicopter hovering, cop cars, south central at its finest
I know, right!? I was inordinately excited about it! :) I'm good. How are you? Congrats on the exercise thing!!
I say go lightest to darkest. “: FKNA. So much bad ass beer tap'd. Where to begin?! summer ale is a good starter!
<U+FFFD> They understand their job to be to make the team function
Powerful. RT : You attract what you believe you can attract.
ridiculousness never fails to make me laugh <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
That awkward moment when there is an earthquake and you think that it's only your father who's knocking at the door.
I think that's Good Morning Vietnam. :)
Sangria and Pirates of Penzance in the Park @ #ALA2009. Little puffy clouds...
The crowd in line seems patient and cordial. There's a temporary wall up, so I can't see the #BofA protest, only hear it.
That shit just pulled in the hallway <<<<<<< ur fuckin done for! lol believe it
EOM payables are do business owners? Any tips you have on maximizing cash flow?
a day of bad headaches & non-stop coughing. hurray.
I'm going to Vegas to speak at the Asian Marketing Summit!
Why, yes, Jake, I'm on the side that doesn't leave women to die of breast cancer. You're on the side that does.
3day weekend! Hopefully buying a car today!
RT : the refs took the joy out the game for me. i thought tim donaghy was reffin the game
exactly.....consider the source is one of the most important factors of intent...if not THE most important.
Its ya Birthday today and have fun because many Granders luv yah and wish you the best! be the first ICONic Boy to follow me?
love it!!
Thanks to for supporting Scotland Yard Pub (and downtown) the past couple weeks with your office parties.
yea ha I have seen you at all todayy hoee
Thanks! Spread the word! RT Cannot stop listening to 's cover of No Sleep: bit.ly/qRKWD0
Stupid question, but what does #bbpb stand for?
Staying inside....outside heat will KILL ya
watching Inside the NBA on TNT
LA, CA-Need males for photoshoot. Nudity involved. Pay is 100 dollars. (Casting Code B3)
loved the segment - thanks so much!
A4 working in social media, have made some great connections @ my local social media club, great cross section of mrktng profs.
Working on Aboric Redemption. A piece for pitched percussion. Got the 1st two minutes or so done so far...
I am against the PLA. Without quantifiable data, I go by my Company’s experience that shows you add about 40% to the bid by using PLA’s.
I have so many great memories with I will post many throughout the day hahaha
Come in..the national enquirer said raven was a lesbian. They lie more than a psychopath.
*walks along waiting for you to come back before I give it back*
Its been soo long sinc ive been on twitter :)
a win's a win, I guess... Yay for democracy!
The ability to convert ideas to things is the secret of outward success. — Henry Ward Beecher
NC has a law stating gay marriage is anathema. Not having a federal law, FF&C doesn't apply. We need a federal law.
Waiting to check out of motel, but as of now simultaneously typing drafts for more #mmf entries. ^_^
Also, big ups to for doing a game broadcast even though BU is not in the championship game. Quite impressed.
Boy is it windy! I am not parking or walking near any trees today!
Hannah takes the stairs &I usually take the elevator every now &then she offers me a lemon now &later? :D I love that song!
you're welcome(:
Lol... How are ya buddy? Out on the road? We still need to get together and write a good old country smash hit!
Visited today. The epitome of elegance.
and you played it so very well! We'll have to do it again...RT: I was playing chainsaw with the Boston pops.
Driving in a big bus with a shoulder sore from shifting makes rolling through a stop sign so very appealing.
tries to spin truth in favor of but it just rings hollow! Just more of the same
Adele is very talented but should have won the grammy for best album
Are there any haunted places we could visit and take along somebody special??!!! LOL
writing and jammin! You?
SODA 1.0 is a chatty and arduous for large datasets. SODA 2.0 is leaner and supports query semantics. Want to see it?
Defs just saw some chick wearing "Bob's"
What should you see in Barcelona?
Home from #sla2011, home from work. Brain still has no idea what time it really is.
#Pistons @ #Bulls tonight. I'm sure Pistons will be thrown off at the fact that people actually will be in the stands. Avg tix @ Bulls: $64
Got my own seat on the bus.
Okay, so can Facebook declare victory now and stop poking me and my walls?
I'm still using v0.33.2 and I'm getting the same behavior. Maybe it's the twitter API?
Doing a follow Friday today.! (:
Pure happiness is like finding a public restroom with really nice toilet paper. It's rare, but it happens.
Need a change of scenery in life <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
Have a nice weekend, everybody!
RT : In Madison at the rally #WARONWOMEN. Women vote & dont forget
Work is a great way to meditate. If you are mindful in your work, if you put your best effort into it, then something comes back to you.
A simple fact that is hard to learn is that the time to save money is when you have some. - Joe Moore
RT : The U.S. Government should have its own permanent URL shortening site. Citing us regs and codes should be reliable
Don't get it twisted I'd like to have someone. I don't need someone.
Alicia Sinverstone pre-chews food for her 10 month old son and then spits it into his mouth? We need to know this why?
Trying 2 avoid the hawkers at Galleria kiosks. It's like a gauntlet. Did you ever see that scene in 'Airplane' with the Hare Krishnas?
Come on Utah! #TwolvesDraftPartyPush Also, I can't complain about watching more Jamaal Tinsley
At Finovate SF watching tons of cool demos
LOL- No. You have to give it a try. Be patient.
The abnormally large amount of tweets from this week has reminded me how funny she is. I know agrees with me!
Really? How bleeping bush league was that?
The 30th Annual Adams Avenue Street Fair will begin a two day run. More than 60 musical acts across six stages. PRWB open 11am-12midnight
what could be more digitally humane then tweeting about a beer-bike trade?
At the beach, everyone is wearing jackets and I'm in my underwear!
So, will we be skanking in the pit for Fishbone for Bumbershoot? (#client)
The only way to make your PC go faster is to throw it out a window
It is SO COLD in my house right now. I've been drinking tea all day! Come on, though -- is it the end of April or the beginning of January?
A week from today, it will be 's and my birthday!
watchin "In the heat of the night" makin fries!! Wyd??
Welcome attendees of the National Coalition of Motorcyclists!!
Very proud that the Sixers will be the worst team ever to win a 1st round series
Honey bunney, how is paw paw?
Been a bomb ass last two days, and had a good night to top it off.
ME TOO
driving with bitch ass mom.. She was like your not looking yelling at me... Bitch yes I was.
Im a math teacher. One plus two equals me and you
Saw some tweets about it. Show me mañana...
Pavel wins. RT : Can't we just call them "pinterasts"?
Surprisingly the NYT put this on the front page instead of the Style section Hilary Rosen’s Comments Spark Campaign Debate:
I love that is cooking me a surprise dinner, but I hate that I have to wait upstairs alone for an hour and counting.. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
The game was fun
Wow Stu, We need to walk down to #Harvard and check these #robot #bees out.
ok, well I'll tell her (:
Week 5: Sun. Oct 7 @ Kansas City Chiefs (1pm)
Call me spongbob, stackin crabby patties
My last time hanging out and photographing the family in New Haven
It just gets worse and worse lol
:-) i like that on thursdays i have meetings early so i actually get to tweet more. We should plan a road trip soon
Currently doing fried quail/buckwheat waffle. or w fried veal brains. Hard part is having a pint of blood every day for batter.
.....shot out To my cuz zoey Clarke heard the show was banging just finished filming hit me tmrw cuz I love u
Thanks for playing, Jazz.
How we spend our days is, of course, how we spend our lives.
I'm thinking cardio in an hour. Yea I'm craZy. Don't forget it.
It’s NOT always sunny in Philadelphia. It’s always sunny in Los Angeles! 69 and sunny in LA! Why not apply to a summer on the West Coast!
Former #Yankees starter Kei Igawa will be making his 2012 Japan debut tonight. Be sure to follow our for updates.
Tomorrow is our own Linda Lee's birthday -- we almost lost her recently so it's really time to celebrate her!
Baby Juice? I hear that is in high demand of late. *gives you a wicked grin*
Okay, how do you play? *Laughs softly.*
ELIAS SPORTS MANAGEMENT, LLC (ESM) client Lionel Smith, QB, Texas A&M impressed NFL scouts this week at the Players All-Star Classic.
Wow! I'm blown away! RT : Very interesting and thought-provocing presentation by Anders Söderbäck
You have a great weekend as well :)
I have to go all day trying not to stab someone in the face.
"In order for any business to succeed, it must first become a system so that the business functions exactly the same way every time down...
You're getting old. Welcome!
I can't believe I did it. I figured it out. All by myself. Wonder if this flippin' qualifies me for being a real techie? Look, mom, No Hands
correct! Sounds like Sue is looking into it to help you out. Let me know if I can do anything else for you.
Luck actually has the best possible position. At least he doesn't have to jump into Manning's shoes right off a winning season.
dinner at Applebees, better than roses
i swea my mama make me so mad , i quess no party for me today -_-
Egg whites with spinach, feta, and sun dried tomatoes & an iced coffee.
do you need a sexual cartoonish video girl? Holla.
Just read an email and I wanna say GOD bless he is way doper than u guys even know refreshing to have sum1 like him in the game
jeez...the red hot chili peppers are fucking awesome
I Hope I Get To Meet The ICONic Boyz! Or Atleast Get To Talk To Them!....*Sigh
Sounds like the perfect night to us!
About to head to the mall. So much for saving.....
If ion answer or text back don't take it personal Jus don't wanna talk to ya
he love the way i ride it.
aw so sweet love!! Your amazing too! <3
haha yes :) if we ever could, we should create a fansite together :) haha
it was SO nice meeting and working with you today at !! great company is the best way to brave terrible weather!
They say marriages are made in Heaven. But so is thunder and lightning.
Women are citizens with rights under our Constitution. I had a mother & grandmothers. I have a wife and daughter. How dare you!
Hey does anyone know the score of this morning's groundhog game?
depends on the guys. Of course. I've had two. One super hot. One not so much. It's a lot going on for the senses.
I kind of want a dedicated Barefoot Atlast iPad now! Great session this morning.
I eat tweets!
Some just want to get retweeted by
3 little birds one of the greatest tunes...I just re-purchased recently to put it on a playlist, nice synchronicity
Hopefully it does something .
I usually use sidereel
I'm not sure the VISA TAP endorsement is ethical -- TAP is great, but the debit card is loaded with fees. who profits? visa.
Making the simple complicated is commonplace; making the complicated simple, awesomely simple, that's creativity. - Charles Mingus
Great meeting with Talking Stick Resort and Casino yesterday! First ever ROCK ME Music Fest in June... 99% there!!!!
Gotcha! I will check them out
i hope :c
did you catch my James brown sex machine bump music today?
Off to da city. Haven't been their since october. Eheh :)
We would look at eachother and not say a word, but so many words were being said..
thank you for taking the time -- everyone loved hearing from you!
Fortify yourself with contentment, for this is an impregnable fortress.Epictetus
She's not sorry, Ben. It's a competition.
Got new issue of GQ and waiting for ACLU card. Now I know what I can't afford but should wear when exercising civil liberties!
Arlington National. So much history. A very sobering & humbling place. Luv to you girl.
You are my first! Followers, is my FIRST... Hater, that is.
are you ready to watch our interview on about the ?!?!
Happy Super Bowl XLVI SUNDAY to all my friends on Twitter!
Love is the ANSWSER
ATTN: LAUREN WILLIAMS!-Are u still at SXSW? Plz come to our booth for your prize BY 4PM or we have to choose another winner!
#AACRAO president @ #EdUSAForum in DC "#Internationalrecruiting w/o regard to institutional mission makes #admissions profession suffer"
Fact: 100% of adam hannon-hatfield want more interesting lesabian facts
333 masons sitting in a tree
So hot the snow cannot stop him, screw plows, we just need more M.A. RT : this whole panic over snow seems to be greatly overrated.
Bitch gett a life
Good to see you to! We have been good over here.. how are you doing over there?? :)
Yes follow me, it's ClaudiaLeeLive
Club Sirius tonight downtown SA! 228 Lasoya St. I'll be live in the video mix all night! No cover 21+ welcome!!
God creates kings.
These bucket head bitches kill me...
I'm insanely SICK of hearing about vampires.
when did google change? #dafuck?
I made a keek, just to subscribe to you!(;
thanks 4 the info
oh great school tomorrow -_-
My new subversive plan: to use business reply envelopes in credit card solicitations to mail them back subscription forms to lit magazines.
Aubrey = the most narcissistic person on the planet.
Happy #Wrestlemania day all. Plan on being in the live blog tonight
& if I died right now, you'd never be the same
I'd have guessed whiskey.
Watching "Martin Bashir" with Viggle. Get real rewards just for watching TV.
Does anyone know the name of the gerbil in Mat Gamel's mouth?
are awesome guys. We had a blast at RTG last year. MT would have to be The Fray! I love their music so much!
Pancakes and bacon to start my day.
You saying you missed me was a lie, because you never did anything about it.
HEY ANYONE NEED A JOB CALL ME 253-301-3603
Off to beautify.. I need my :)
#BieberFact Justin racked up over 100,000,000 views on YouTube RT if you're SUPER proud of him :)
you tell him
Experimenting with new book, going first person. Memoir or suspense standalone? Can't decide. Can be both.
Nothing like a relaxed Sunday in sunny Florida.
ikr but we're selling the chickens monday so i only gotta work monday morning again
Must suck to be Rupert Murdoch right now. Ppl been sharpening their knives for years waiting to carve him up. Now they may get the chance.
RT : Ion have shit to do so.. I'm cleaning. Lmao.
Have you ever gone to the market with a whole list of things to get, but didn’t write any of it down?
let's do something tonight then!
I can't believe you'd ax such a question.
the TEAM gotta step up
NBC canceled Harry's Law but renewed Whitney. This makes sense since NBC needed to have less comedy on its network...
Typing this damn essay.
talk to me, Zorn
The road are kinda bad... This is a longer trip than we thought it would be... Please pray for us! Thanks everyone! Much love!
Inside the mind of a compulsive and creative knitter. #ff Also just my favorite person.
oops said it right the first time, brain fart over here :-)
I don't think she's ugly but she is built like a defensive end.
Hi-Rez dropped The Window today, he's gonna blow up from this. I'm releasing my freeEP Here To Stay on May 26, hoping to do the saaameeee
WHY am i always totally awake at night when i've been super tired all day?
This day two years ago was the last time I saw my stepdad, the weather today is so similar to that day, it's haunting.
#ThingsIReallyCantStand Girls that bitch about girls being sluts all the time.
chocolate covered blueberries too...
Following the king 's see if he gets/digs Blodwyn's golden material...;) weet!!!
that's exciting!
Victory! Thank you to everyone who voted for Milwaukee to host the 2012 Social Media Tourism Symposium!
We are open amid the slush and snow! come dry off, warm up and enjoy the comfort of Costello's.
lmfao! I said if u want if u don't don't lol
It's getting hard to stay with you,or because I'm staying with you...LOL
cause you are on my mind <3
1/2 Price Burgers and Crush Drinks Tuesday's 4-close
There’s been controversy about employers asking potential hires for their Facebook password. What do u think – is this crossing the line?
I wanna go to a Spurs/Clippers game!
Hard to say w/exactitude but it was in the high hundreds!
you're welcome friend. Have a great weekend.
thnx for the link wow that was awhile ago, will check it out
Got the cheese w/ hot sauce and onion! U? RT : that's so weird, I just left there
Productive day so far. Happy to have the motivation to keep it moving.
#IntrestMeWhenABoy Becomes my best friend then ask me out!!!
noah if you ever need someone to talk to im here i know how you feel ive been bullied my whole life #EndCyberBullies <3
Hating ass niggas always mad at another shine
we're with you Sylvia! how can we pray for you?
Sometimes, the hardest question in life is, "Capo 3 or Capo 4?"
Big grand opening party on Sunday April 1. Would be honored to make you a sandwich!
Off to run errands, finished most painting and work. trying not to get burnt out. I need to find some Flame Retardant for my booth.. urrhg
#ASECS12 Anne supported visual arts and music much more than poetry.
Juss woke up feeling good I feel like today gonna be another good day lets see what happens
Got tickets to the NCAA East Regional 6pm game at TD? Stop by for a pre/postgame meal and drink!
Tod Kilgore(Dot ).com - How To Find A Web Host Easily And Quickly
We have a few $5 tickets left for Pop Evil and 7 Blue Skies at Club Firestone October 1st. Let us know if you want some or need more.
damn cali got hoes for days
#SomethingILearnedLongAgo , IF YOU DONT BELIEVE IN YOURSELF, WHY SHOULD ANYBODY ELSE
#DBoys looking to invest in a music career? Let me take you to the top of the world and show you what's available to you. Clean ur $$$ now!
hey sexy what u doing
stay cool Aaron my bro...
Headed to see Malick Sidibe exhibit at DePaul Art Museum.
Make your Earth Day an “Earth Date”
but I AM in the IT building!!!!
Sure about the 80's? I've got a basement full of Nagels.
. I've thought about it; maybe in a few years.
I don’t know how much of a penalty that is
Let's go DODGERS!
Don't miss the fun at Gift Boutique! Come #shopping at 138 Main St in Tustin!
Everyone Wants To Give Me A “Free” i-Phone…Petroleum Companies Should Give Away Free Buicks…
uh what room you in man.
I think I miss you too lol
Karen Hancock is being plagued by a question "Why do people put those family stickers on their car?".
I laugh every time I hear them say weiner scandal on the news :)
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe is being single !
upset that the chargers let the falcons beat them guess i'll call it a night
Bashfulness is an ornament to youth, but a reproach to old age.
Why is Dove Chocolate so amazing?
It is quite humorous to see someone parked in disabled parking and smoking out in their car.
haha we're not really named after the book, but i have read it. its a little dry.
OREGON won, now rooting for Stanford...lets go PAC12
“Nothing says Totally Tools like a platypus in a fedora!”
This has been the best extreme makeover home edition ever!
No, I didn't--thanks for the link. Looks like a great conference, sad that I'll missit.
No one has mentioned me yet...... who wants to be the first? ? ;)
Good luck! Hope you win it! Wish I had a chance to see you in Melbourne last year when I was there.
I could say so much about you, but you know deep down how shitty you are as a person, and forever will be. Must suck.
is such a beautiful space! Can't wait for tonight
I'm not weird I'm just different
ok dm me im bored
on the come up i see ya on big bro
I have a foot fetish! <U+2764>xD
aw yeah.
im so excited for madison man she gets nothing shit i gotta go be back in like 30 minutes
670 RT : Follow us & retweet this message with a # guess in front (1-1000). The 5 closest to the secret # win a $30 ZAGG gift card
It’s all about the triple word score.
Nope. I missed it due to excessive napping. I'm not happy!
my love wtf i fucking miss u so much !
No matter how great you THINK you are.. U need great people/relationships around you to call you higher
That's my pose <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
wish I was there for our duet!!
bring your fine self and maybe beer.
Never been to their field before RT : O's-Nats in DC the weekend of the 18th. Who's in?
Mutumbo was my dude.
YAY FREE PASS!!!!
I will add you to the #ff list :)
man hell yeah!
On an individual contact record, go to the call time tab. Give us a call if you have more Qs -- 202-686-9330
Someday, hopefully. RT : no more cancer??? Hooray! Oh wait. You meant the site. Sigh.
We hope you had a great time at the circus! Thanks again for using ShowClix :)
Hell yes! One of my favorite gym day treats is strawberries and light whipped cream out of the can. Great carb up snack.
::forehead smack::
seriously considering filing for relocation so i can transfer to Cypress Bay...
What's the difference between Casey Anthony and an elevator? An elevator and raise a child.
looks horrible! ugh!
Ha RT: : just once i want D-Rose to go all hood rat during a press conference and talk truckloads of shit.
XTR pedals. Excellent platform and super smooth entry and release.
im watching the vow.. seriously no life
Sorry, I realized she was on there after I sent that tweet. Love Liz's #sunrise pics! :)
minds made up months ago, but Koch money does buy massive get out the vote effort, 'tea party poll observers' in any district
thanks for the #ff mention!
Who's pumped for #sharkweek ?
that's total B.S...Monitor him for what?#waistoftaxpayermoney!
Has happened to me on another airline. It is a big mess all around; mine was inflight across coast. No peanuts on flights!
TIL: Anchor Hocking is on th' twitter. FIRE KING MUGS FOREVER!
Almost in a head-on collision on Cap Hill due to DC driver looking at his cell phone while driving out of an alley
not only did the cat not want the brisket, she didn't want the dry food that had intermingled with the brisket
ok I'm feeling brave... Fire away about my avi!
SERIOUSLY!! are you serious!..you are blowing up my timeline with your nonsense PLEASE just change it for God's sake!
you're killing me, Deutch!
Today's BTU inspiration: "To be a person you are not is to waste the person you are." ~Loren Slocum
#MelloyDodge- Our friendly salespeople provide the highest levels of customer satisfaction. Let us make a Deal with you today! 888-760-4136
One thing you can give and still keep.....is your word!
Listen for Tamara and Courtney on around 6pm today.
American problems are THE WORST!
Thank you Mr Middlebrooks!
Have a feeling that will not be the last time we see that from The SmoakMonster!
Sorry for the poor grammar bro. Too much nerdy homebrew.
Who is the black comedian in the PSA commercial "If your arm is numb, use your good arm to dial 911"?
....Sad! Poly was one of my first inspirations along with Siouxsie Sioux!!!
It's Work-a-Holic Day! Don't work too hard!
Hey St. George...I am considering on bringing some Broadway Casting Directors to the area for a week long seminar! Should I?
That is the challenge every time we plan a unit right? Would love to discuss... :)
Agreed. Love her in this episode!!
and if you have to go OL go Amini SIlatou...he is gonna be a monster
Hooray for flash rain! :-\
Delay of production on deadine
You might find a blog willing to lend a hand, but it won't likely do much more than what you have already.
Hell of a round today mate!! Congrats!! RT : Thanks to all my tweeter Friends for the support!!
I do like it when it rains
new word: acelmerate. merge while one acclerates. because for some reason "Merge" does not convey the need to accelerate, for one to merge.
SN58 with We hit ’s Jerk Driver, ROCK, , PLUS - We fix gender inequality in composition.
Running Rebels is looking for volunteers for April 5 adopt-a-site@ Allen Field School. To #volunteer contact
haha let's do it please!(: this song is amazing !
So happy i got to see you today!
is the best. Where's ?
good church service.
One day I would love to meet Vinny Castronovo it would be amazing
“: Backstabbers...” Screw them all! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
true!! And I know the eye isn't even near us yet and its bad!!!!!! :(
Go Aztecs! We're taking BYU down tomorrow. Watch at 11 am
Lol. I hear you. I'm trying English breakfast tea this week instead of coffee. Wish me luck.
lmao I'll let it go...
I Live For..The Weekend!!:)
Justin Thomas is the worst relief pitcher in the MLB.
Sounds great!
Latinos discriminated by U.S. Anglo #media because of our accents in English. Latinos discriminate Anglos because their accents in Spanish.
3 of us huddled in basement-in the nick of time- when the tornado hit K-zoo 32 yrs ago. Emerged to severe damage on Jennison
that's awesome, I look so focused
Quote from my Asian Nail lady:"Remember when all boys send u flower on ur birthday Day? Now, no more flower... (deep breath) .. Why?"
Have a safe Fourth of July, America. By pointing all of the flying explosives at Canada. /via
hahaha you know I put you on that ish maybe one day the king of new Brunswick will put his mixtape on ur wall
aww :( i missed you so much <3
You too!
- um, you mean David, right? :-) -- and please follow me
LOVE IT. Suck it Philly!
I love You<33
Career Project Grades uploaded #Eng9 (not for accel- just dusting off the pile...)
Good morning #CeNation Family
I Will Always Love You.
RT : I'll talk about again, at #opensource conference of the Hungarian magazine
Shouting out right back! I still need to send those out to a retoucher. Good retouching makes a good image into a great one!
Happy Easter all!
Family first!!
tonight Ward Night! Stop by from 5-7pm
I just got on the list for BlackBerry #PlayBook updates. Flash, video chat, & real Internet. Get on the list! www.blackberry.com/Playbook
oh, my ass. They'd stop and take pictures and shit
Don't let loneliness drive you back into the arms of someone you know you don't belong with. RT ----> so true!
This lady is talking loud as hell about this "herbalife" en espanol .....smh.why cant people use their #insidevoice ??
Guilty. RT : I wonder how many people tried zipping the zipper back up
I'll bring the cake!
send us some personalized vibes please!
The cats made an omelette for Mothers day. Specifically, they supervised me and whined for treats. That's the process.
CBS sports digging Joe Pa's grave and he still alive and kickin
I bet McCarver knows all about imaginary boxes
lol! don't be late! lol RT : Hobby Lobby again for more ribbon...hm???
Antonio is still all about hawaii... Yay!!! Aloha!!! :)
I thought so, but one can't afford to take chances.
Really wish I could afford to go to Dev Con next week :( so much awesome HTML5 & mobile development stuff going on
Stayed by later than expected because of Tumblr yolo
I can hear a coworker's speaker phone in the bathroom. #tmi &
Legal sec, sales co-ordinator, cleaner, chef de partie, fitter, ops manager and many many more jobs available in Newark. Call TRAVAIL now
That time when you try and type something into your web browser and you keep writing "facebook.com" ahh.
I have my Audi photo shoot today!
done i did it :)
concert to benefit Children's #Cancer Fund of #NM in #ABQ July 10 6pm. www.harmonytohelp.com
can't beat that kind of project thats for sure.
Well take it easy. I hope it's not too hot out there. It's nice here (even though I'll prob be inside the library til closing)
I'm usually with you. This is the one exception among those I've seen.
Lol, I would be glad to just buy another if they actually wants to try it! Hoping it will help their kid! ;)
I am going to see the movie The Grey later today
yea. i just texted him just now to see if he is going to be up there
evil is good...lol
on that basement swag
I was thinking this exact same thing lmfao RT : *Beats my female followers with a sack of potatoes*
I did find the "What Should I Read Next?" Database at , which kept me quite happy.
Good morning to you as well!
I love my friends
How do people actually think the Hunger Games looks like a good movie? If a movie doesn't completely suck today, it's gold.
Dear #iPhone iOS developers: in the next update, please stop alerts from buzzing my ear while I'm talking on the phone. Thanks!
I can't sleep a night, without holdin you tight.. pain in my head o i'd rather be dead.
We must hit 5000 followers! Help us out
Black Label Society tonight @ Verizon Theatre and Aaron Lewis tomorrow @ Palladium Ballroom. Get there. And Go Rangers!!!
Hey.Hi.Hello(: How are you?
what I want to know is how you were in target without being mobbed! Cool pic though. Haha
im in the garage/thru the gate give me an apple so i can SHARE WITH PEOPLESTRING
#Weather Bluefield, West Virginia Weather :: 57F FOG
Enjoying an evening of spoken word hosted by our youth ministry.
Covering my 2nd memorial service for Mark Hatfield, the first 5 weeks ago. He was a giant of Oregon Politics... RIP. Report at 5 on KGW.
damn!!! That's alot of hoops to jump through lol
Decided to be productive and do some homework
RT A picture is worth a 1000
And furthermore, . took a tour of the Capitol today! I was there all day and had no idea! So mad... Cc:
the bomb!!! Read my last tweet and you'll chill too lol
I love I'd like to thank them for every feature they intentionally decided not to build. Admirable
I'm gonna slap the shit outta somebody one day tho
I've literally just became the happiest guy ever(:
hi, thanks for the offer to help with the balloon drop. I think we are covered for the party, but thanks for checking
deserves a gold star!!
Who's the better opening day starter (in your opinion), Jamie Garcia or Gallardo?
Oh no, the Giants are playing Jump Around. Someone alert about this travesty
On a mission to earn some respect! #StrikeForce ->
Well damn #JeromeSimpson we knew you Bengals had them black gums...but 8.5 lbs of #MaryJane is serious business.
thank so much, now I need to show him how we roll in Austin soon!
#2012isAustinsYear you know how I know that because he is awsome and I don't ever have to doubt him <U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665><U+2665>22
Sold out for second preview of The Religion Thing! Two more previews on Saturday at 8:00 pm or Sunday at 7:30 pm. Tickets are going quickly!
#AskBilas Could you throw it down like Anthony Davis?
Is it sad that I don't know what I would do lately if the NBA playoffs weren't on?
good day twitterverse!
Have a good one :)
OMG!!! You guys did Awesome!!
did you watch the americas got talent? We missed it but I can download it tomorrow.
Anyone can get a 4x4 plot at the Mound St. Community Garden for FREE to grow their summer vegetable and herbs!!!
Thank you to for a great online shopping experience complete with speedy shipping and even an email notification correcting a ship date
Terrific sac bunt by #Rockies Moyer. Guys is a pro's pro. Always prepared.
it really frustrates me when the heat dont play hard, they take way too many breaks during games
What is your favorite store in the mall?
Brazilians know a thing or two about steak. Obrigado!
#Thatawkwardmoment when someone spits on you while they're talking
Sometimes we ruin situations just by wanting them too much.
6am our doors are open. Oh! We love the aroma of first brew of the morning. Espresso priming and ready for ur latte. Come on in.
exactly! So Dnt put so much pressure on ur self. Jus chill : ). It'll happen time.
super cute! you should keep these in stock forever! lol =D
Acapella medley incl. Van Halen's Jump & Whitney Houston's I'm your baby 2nite being sung outside my window right now.
We had researched Walton w/similar jaw-dropping results. despite the article, I could see Montaous trying to "fake" another baseball career.
Nobody loves these lyinnnnnnn ass hoes
Change your password... It's still happening or just start over... Thanks
Having a great weekend!!! Hope everyone is!! Follow me.. I follow back!
I'm not believing specific Carolina beat writers for this, but it is clear there is a lack of dedication to covering Carolina from papers.
“: Fuck you cold showers. Fuck you!”
Wad, obviously
Thanks for the info about the west side power outage.
If someone tries to bring you down, get back up. Show them you are strong enough.
TONITE #melodic w/ DJs: SWEDISH EGIL, HOLLY ADAMS, say feelgoodnights for discount at door!
Danger Snack Does.... Chicago! Mon April 2nd 1030pm in the Loft Roger Waters & Van Halen tix up for grabs & a bake sale!
Keith Whitley's "When You Say Nothing At All" came on my Pandora...we sure lost a great man of country music 23 yrs ago!
Professor Gary Motley's Jazz Studies students really taking WordPress to the next level.
I MISS MY SHIRLAAAAAY! <3 anything new happen to your life?
Enjoying my day! Be Blessed :)
RT : I may be quiet, but trust me, I have so much on my mind.
it gets you everywhere
I mean, it's a gorgeous foot, but damn! ;)
Urghh, I have to song from bridge to terabithia stuck in my head! aha, what I haven't even watched that movie in years!
The Committee is discussing an increase of the alcohol excise tax that I have suggested.
None of us is as smart as all of us. -Ken Blanchard
thank you, looking forward to following you
Aaron is giving it back!
My shadow has scared me twice today.
Grateful to be ALIVE!
its a hot topic with the popularity of ebooks. I know describing what i do has become easier recently.
cool Y.A.K
If my power goes out someone is going to get killed.
If you're not concerned with the very poor, because there's safety nets there..you might be Mitt Romney..
Ralph Waldo Emerson: There are no days in life so memorable as those which vibrated to some stroke of the imagination.
Yea you heard what he said I'm on the f**** paper route...quick to take the neighbor out...forty with the laser out
painting is tough work! Don't work too hard :-)
American Horror Story is magically delicious
Bruh...Shaq set Chuck up for that one. The whole set had to be feeling awkward as shit lls
Already been asked out on 2 dates in two days. Once again. Colorado boys > Cali Boys.
Freshly recovered from a back injury, I come down with a cold. Wondering if I inadvertantly pissed off a Gypsy again.
msg me. what kind of business and how long/when do you need it?
im home with my brother.. im bored
does your text work missy i've been trying to contact you for days about a concert lol
My parents. They taught me how to read. Plus we didn't have cable when I was a kid, which fed my reading habit even more.
keep being so great for waiting!
Bentley peed thru is clothes in his swing. now he's laying behind me kickin me in the back & smiling away! think he knows mommy feels bad!
You're still drinking FOX (fake news) Kool-Aid too!!!
yes, is so awesome! get on it!
Went to see my man Coach Lynch...Gone but never forgotten ...RIP Brother
Never be afraid to try something new. Remember, amatuers built the Arc, professionals built the Titanic.
At Vengeance was a beautiful moment for keshinya case study, but Daniel Bryan did not use it.
you lose followers everyday
2012? When did 2011 happen?! Where have I been and why is there all this stuff to do?
and he can hire them with the money from Freddy Mac and let them bathe at one of his mansions.
Interested in receiving my #email updates and newsletter, please drop me an email to including the subject ¨Mailing¨
AWH I HOPE YOU GO AND HAVE FUN!
It's official...NESV is now the proud owners of Liverpool F.C....I'd love to see them clean up that mess while keeping the Sox competitive.
Our very good friends in are playing this year's Beale Street Music Festival - follow them and catch their set!
All perfume of Arabia cannot sweeten this little hand! - William Shakespeare
Do I trade away Brett Gardner for Carl Crawford? H2H 12 team league. Don't have other SB threats outside Kinsler and Andrus
haha that's muh bestfriend Stacey me her and her sister went and saw a concert and went to the fair
youre amazing. along with your swag. :(
Just checked a month-old mega millions ticket on my fridge. I did not win.
Morning cutie!
We're up and ready to roll into #BEX11 today - looking forward to a great day of talks and meeting other teams & mentors!
ill look at them
The little gear in the lower right corner is Settings. You can change availability and turn off sidebar
Gen. X Vapor just bought another customer a Falcon! What will you do with all the money you save on e-cigs? www.genxvapor.com
the crib
Hope to see you at #EnterpriseConnect for a demo of the Dolby goodness :)
I wish there was an app that located all the pinatas in my vicinity.
right there with you! Yikes!
Aw alyssa I miss u 2
She tied you to a kitchen chair, she broke your throne, and she cut your hair. And from your lips she drew the hallelujah.
I know. Didn't think it was worth fighting over. Lol
Still ready to get off, shiddddddd
We are waiting!!!
Worked on creating & making PPTs for yrs. After making a PPT 508 compliant, I realized how inaccessible digital info truly is
Holy Spirit helps us N our distress-For we don't know what or how to pray-He prays for us & the Father who knows all Hearts understands Rom8
fyi, typo in paragraph 5, "it's recognize".
no, ma'am! But wouldn't that be an amazing date for some super cool foodie guy to take me on?! Haha
No better way to honor The Dude than by having a white Russian....if only I had a bathrobe
do that. we don't have any lights over here.
Great time and great contacts at the Mason Inn Washington Business Journal Breakfast
thanks for the retweet!
When is the wedding? :O RT : pass on my marriage proposal as well? :p
If we there... it's going down!
What is the mindset of a person who stands in a long line to order food/drink, finally gets to the front of the line and goes "um... Hm"
Apr 1,1922: De Valera Republicans angry with Irish Free State Bill, Violence in Belfast.
Yeah for #DonaldDriver on #DWTS on ABC, can't wait to see him on the dance floor!!!
RT : i just read a powerful letter a former slave wrote to his master. Cant wait til Museum is built please follow,
We are having a give away on our FB page www.facebook.com/LVHCG! Las Vegas HCG can help you follow the HCG Diet and Lose 20lbs in 20 days
We are getting closer to 1,000 followers! Our 1,000th follower will win a special prize! RT!
ALLERGY SUFFERERS! Those of you brave enough to put cayenne pepper up your nose will be rewarded with relief from congestion. IT WORKS!
lol teehee RT :You can't have a belly ring & a belly.
hahahaha <U+263A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009A> RT : hey don't say that! I've been so tempted lately.. Rico fever ;)
Giving up is not an option gotta get it in <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
I used to look on wistfully watching my friends & coworkers fiddle with their iPhones..now im geeking on a Galaxy S2. Amazing.
republiCONS:greedy, selfish, non-caring, don't have a clue, it's all about me, screw the middle class, idiots!!!
Back at it bright and early bought to put this philosophy test down at 8 sleep then on to Chemistry at 2
Like to think the 60 yr old half dressed, full makeup cross dresser outside Liberty House singing Happy Birthday is doing it for
the beach is always fun!
One vital aspect of a good relationship is finding out what is important to your partner, and doing that as much as possible.
Johann Wolfgang von Goethe~ He is happiest be he king or peasant who finds peace in his home.
No tweets from anyone in the last 45 minutes?
Illest bitch alive, babe I'll hold it down <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
HAPPY SEXUAL WEDNESDAY!
Taylor Kisch is heaven!
hey thanks. is that an apartment complex?
Come on Friday! I know you're out there!!
RT : “: This Burns My Heart by was breathtaking. had me doing the ugly cry & everything”
this old lady on america's got talent right now >
Everyone thought #Dirk was taking a jump shot. That drive for a layup was super sneaky. Element of surprise at a timely moment for
Sunday afternoon naps are my fav, and definitely number one on my to-do list right now!
Get Discount Tickets to the Hottest New Years Party in Down Town San Diego www.eDailyQuest.com -All inclusive drinks included, Live band
I agree
2 followers away from 600!! Help me out folks :)
Just sent you an email about it. Not too busy. :) -40?! That's crazy. We lucked out its been in positive digits, but barely.
Rodriguez drives me crazy with his awful mechanics! He can't throw a strike!
Jeff, I'd be happy to do it. I know Mike, Damon and Ammon as well. Thanks
I don't pick a lot right, Kentucky Derby I'm pretty good RT : AWESOME PICK :)
Oh Mr. Moon, the stars are shining for you in the night sky. Please come home.
RT : Can't find the remote and it's stuck on Cops. Sonofabitch.
Turns out, watching kids hurl in the amusement park loses its appeal pretty quickly.
Huntsman objects to ad featuring adopted kids - Daily Herald
Ive been sick n feelin used tbh.. But I feel a change a comin!
Attention Houston!!!! Come out tonight for Summer Sundown from 6:00 - 9:00 & get a Unlimited Ride Wristband for only $15.99 + tax!
I'd rather be a beast in golf than in basketball
Bank of North Carolina Signs Purchase and Assumption Agreement With Hampton ... - MarketWatch (press release)
We would be happy to take a look at your tax return! Give us a cal!
Good morning!
Dude at McDonald's said he went to Target @ midnight and line was already around the store.
XMas Partay tonight - in my Best Hawaiian garb
Why are male wrestlers always touching each other?
u welcome..ur awsome 2 sweety :) stay beautiful..i see u sing..wonderful!
We had a really good time yesterday evening at the KKNT event with Dennis Miller. He is a genuinely nice guy.
UPDATE: Tornado Warning Canceled for Rice, Steele and Waseca counties.
IS ONLINE, I REPEAT, ONLINE
Got our Paul Simon for me and Brendon
Eek is right!
In before Lakers fans with their "EAST COAST BIAS...COUNT DA RINGZZZ" "argument."
First pitch at Busch Stadium today for the Cardinals game. Stoked.
this was the best wknd in a long time!! :)
We still have some street team spots open for Mayhem and All-Stars !! Hurry before they are gone!
<---- is absolutely loving round 2 of the playoffs this year. All the teams are going to have to work for it...every single game.
I don't get y ppl get butt hurt about gays. Like if they like u don't get butt hurt til after u teL them ur not gay. They can say ur cute.
“: Hello you guys!” What up!
Going to bed since I have to fucking work in the morning. -_-
Join me in vegas for Wispapalooza wireless ISP conference; I will be tweeting updates.
- is, A Positive Persuit of Perfection, Personafied...!
in a matter of two minutes two people almost hit me at wcc. One of them being an armored truck who decided to cut me off
ha. that won't draw any #attention to your ! peeps better keep their paws off yours! we can share the love though...
yes I would
stupid lady pissed me off
It's easy to make a buck. It's a lot tougher to make a difference. ~Tom Brokaw
": happy birthday to my boyfran !!!!!!!! lovez ya" Love you too Kelbi!!!!!
Radishes to cure snake bites? Yikes! Found in a c.1687 #medicalhistory book in the Rare Book Room.
just found out that Santigold released her latest album today! Guess who I will be listening to during my travels tmrw ;-)
Love umps this season. Its a subjective zone but be consistent. Strikes in the1st 3 innings should still be called strike in the last 3.
Waiting for
well.. yeah O.o haha.
Do you still need a designer?
Overheard @ brunch : "how are your tacos? I don't know why i get them anywhere but "
Everything feels wrong...
I think Kansas got this!!!
You're just mad because didn't win
lol thanks. I look like a straight up deli employee.
I dont believe in miracles , because they end up bad
Comedy is very controlling - you are making people laugh
This is perfect!
Life is mysterious. I kinda like it that way, tho.
it's wicked awesome! It's mos def worth the trip.
lol!!! Every place ive been today has been like that
you mean I didn't kill osama?
has everyone checked out all the music videos we've produced? seriously, go look now at www.silverproductionsmv.com
There's a special place in hell for people who design clothes with fake pockets.
'Why do we feel more obligated to give gifts on Christmas than to worship Jesus?' -Phillip Cary. I don't know, but I feel it.
It takes place there. It's kind of "The Shadow over Seaside Heights" kind of thing.
Blitz by Ducks drops Quizz in the backfield. Third field goal by Kahut give Beavers a 16-14 lead. Nice stand by the Oregon defense.
How true! I've recently eliminiated some toxic ppl in my life and I've been much more productive and creative.
Hi best friend
At first, tried to argue that they were delivered. As if I don't actually talk to my own mom.
www.MyCityPromotions.com made a fun little intro page for our team
The sun & warm weather are back! Get beach ready w/ Arasys !
So here's your holiday, hope you enjoy it this time
Hey "TKO" window cleaner, you should change your name to "BVD" because your streaks are comparable to my dads tighty whities.
Thank you! I am ready for it to be over! Also worried how dad is going to deal with the race crowd. It's a zoo!
your welcome!
What a perfect day for a makeover!
When will we get smart phones that display Braille?
Mitt Romney at the Univ of Chicago today, Rick Santorum in Rockford and western IL. About 24 hours til polls open and they want your vote!
Why do I have to be a hater because I say what I Feel ?
We also film extreme sports, automotive, small buisness promos, and commercials! www.teamkproductions.com
...I believe it. She doesn't have to vocalize that. We know.
what a 9th ! Best sweat of the season! Thx for the win, that Freese SO was clutch!
cant wait to take my lil man on our bahamas cruise!! hes going to die!! i think mommy deserves a sticker!
I'm picking this game as an App State v. Michigan upset!
glad to love your music.
.MT says:Core pagerank algorithm was publicly funded by NSA// & so _that_ work is public domain, yes?
Robert doesn't either
Tired, restless, and i cant sleep. Was gonna go out with my friends but they had other plans.
it's good ready to go
And I want to get tatted for my bday!
-just like that I have become an OK Thunder Fan. Go Durant! The King hath no crown.
i love that I just came out of a black out, inside Poto, only down $50, and yet still knew how to get my unknown companion back to her car.
nobody knows we all will find out tomorrow
Finished TIMELESS by last night and now I'm adrift without a book to read. I also miss Alexia. Sniff.
What's the password? New England Clam Chowder. Is that the red or the white? I always forget this....the white? Yes!
Sex helps but still gotta find a solution.
It's like giving them a surprise handjob
will do thanks!
THAT WAS AMAZING
haha will do
doing good, living better. Our boy is making a stop in the 305 this weekend, so that'll be a trip.
When we take our eyes off our Lord and set [them] on ourselves, the Christian life becomes not only miserable, but impossible-
Single? A woman as beautiful as you should always be loved, respected and cherished. I wish you all the best and happiness.
omg im doing something special : )
#SWAGGER >>RT : #OldSpice makes they thongs come right off...
are you going to be out of town on the 15th too? :o
get here right now!
Took a walk on yet another glorious NM morning!
true enough and good night!
We hope u dig the tunes and the video. With 32K followers, we hope u can help us spread the word & find these guys! Cheers.
RT : S/o to my sister its her bday!!!!!! Happy Birthday Girl!!!!!! **Yea girl, haha thanks love u!!**
Spring Break!
Ok I've got it you are in Sparticus camp. I didn't recognize you for a minute there.
I love that app! (:
That awkward moment when i get off the bus and both patents show up to pick me up. which car should I take Lmfao.?
Just had a Adobe Connect class discussion with of SPU. Pretty cool environment.
#YouAreARepublican When you think nominating a Latino for VP is enough to get Latinos to vote for you.
Who got 5 on it #team tyb
It'd be cool to make a Lazy Boy where the right lever reclines and the left lever controls an arm that pats you on the back
Thanks Lucas! Glad you enjoyed it!
just to let you know, you are updating me on all of the sports News while im here in israel...
Saw this, thought of RT I've figured it out. Rick Perry is the Charlie Brown of the Republican party.
Visited homes of Beethoven, Bach, Mozart, Sibelius, Britten. They were too busy to see me though
RT : Just Followed >>>>, she one of the realest ladies on here.
make u follow back sexy stuff!
Have a phone call for you...it's from Ronald Reagan, circa 1960s...HE WAS AN ACTOR
Loving Sandi's Message so far!
as a matter of fact she hosted Allen West and New FL Gov Rick Scott today, they seek to amplify her rhetoric
I also like Gail's dress.
hey maddy, can i get a birthday shout out? i just turned 16 and it would mean the world :)
Cant agree more with what Kyle Turly is saying right now on #otl regarding defensive mentality
Thanks to & for the follows.
ok well now to a happier me, I will not wear makeup this whole week omg good luck to me lol
Workout. Laundry. Workout some more
Thanks a million. It wouldn't have happened without your input and encouragement. :)
<U+200E>The tactician knows what to do when there is something to do; the strategian knows what to do when there is nothing to do.- Gerald Abrahams
I will DM you my info.
After tons of volleying at net we can't get it in yet took down keeper and impact player amidst boos from south stand.
“Most people live and die with their music still unplayed. They never dare to try.” (Mary Kay Ash)
i am heyy(:
I have to get to work and he's trying to start small talk with me.
THAT'S ME!
get out get out get outta my head and send me to Vegas instead
In THAT case...some studios and 1BR for rent right next to us on Sheridan. :)
Hi - thanks for following Better Wine Guide, now following you too! Great concept - come to Austin too!
I've opened up my account - a whole new chapter in my twitter life - now I guess I have to be on my game
Stuck in traffic..hdbushueiwoshd
yeah he saved your ass tonight haha
your welcome!
reviewing what kinds of manuscripts we have available online
ok bro, im following now, it better be all you said it would be!
so excited for Freshman Feast TONIGHT! 6-8pm w/ All you can eat Italian Cuisine for only $6
thanks Matt. I owe you lunch. I don't think I ever repaid you for the last one 5 years ago! ;)
Some people that are blood related are broke ass niggas
My headphones are broken! :(
I want to go home. its so bluck.
I always do haha we gotta get together sometime man
Just got on Google+!
Sick man....smfh
Congrats to Richard G. Winner of our #ChevyGirls #Chevy gives more giveaway.
Agreed! And if data is the lifeblood, actionable data-driven insights are the marketing muscle.
J.C. Penney names new CFO
HAPPY FANS!
Tip of the day: if you want to cut down on your food bill then alls you got to do is look in dumpsters with food in them.
Someone force me to clean my room tonight so my husband will let me take to see Cabin in the Woods tomorrow. Hes so mean.
Good morning. Woke up annoyed & that's exactly what I created. Annoying ppl & still cant find my phone. I've decided to feel good & let go.
You score points in the game of life by gaining houses and assets....<monopoly> (con)
This is how we do it. Its friday night and I feel all right. The party is here on the west side. <3
I need a Twitter best friend.
Totally hit with my meat today.
Cosmic countdown ! Going to show my swag with Friends!!
Self-paced instruction resource: Engineer Guy: engineerguy.com
Hair in a bun, sweat pants & no make-up
Thanks for signing up "Uncle Musket's Touchy Mustache Rides" for Summer Kickball.
SO excited for tmrw's Wedding Party Bridal Show!
Welcome to the BHB page Ian!
a love of whiskey and music, eh? we like your style! thanks for the add ;)
Thinking of my brother, Pen, today and how quickly 10 years can fly by when someone you love is gone.
Delivering 20 yards of mulch then back to the office. Do your flower beds need mulch too?? Give me a call (713)464-9200
Mad pissed irritable aggravated beyond measure... With my fuck you attitude and if looks could kill Id have hella body bags..
little did we know
Getting high off ammonia bc my grandmother wont stop mopping at 5am -.------
#read Psalm 37:23 The steps of a good man are ordered by the LORD: and he delighteth in his way.
My cat just died R.I.P Big head yes he has a funny name but i L<3ve him :((
Or perhaps just the word "avatar"?
Tonight's Silent Film by Bill Morrison () is "Spark of Being" with music by & Keystone. 7:30PM, FREE
why not haha
lol no it was another perv ;)
Just fuck it... I'm tired of trying.
They should make every Ellie Goudling song into dubstep! Amazing voice girl!
where/when/on what will this be shown?
snow, or sleet - we are BACK today!!!
I knew someone would cry spoiler alert!
Alright 10,000 followers in 9 days will rough, I have still have faith for to get em. Least get her 1,000!!!
He who would climb the ladder must begin at the bottom. <U+5343><U+91CC><U+306E><U+9053><U+3082><U+4E00><U+6B69><U+304B><U+3089>
Eating before I go to work;
stoked for the show tonight
Just had leftover ribs & cornbread for brunch... I'm going native.
DO YOU HAVE A PICTURE OF HIM!
Friday Special: Pasta tossed with butter, seasoning and grated Mizithra Cheese. Served w/ Garlic Bread. $5.......yeah, only $5. ENJOY!
Phew...It's finally Friday. We got this tweeps!
Shut up everybody. He was too skinny and expensive. Kinda like most strippers.
My brother = coolest person alive. :)
so true!!
And I believe providing affordable subscription based cloud software is the right approach and will entice more users
#ff Being that it's the holiday season you're bound to see your fav player drunk and he catches it all
Thanks for the great #bigblizzard coverage this am.
Still trying to figure out how to make sweating n leaky nose a fashionable look during allergy season. #accessorize!
thank you!
Haircut time, they better not fuck it up!
I say Starbucks ;)
12 "Marketing Super Powers" - #1 The Power of Personality - You clients want to know more of you. Let them in and you will reap the rewards
wow check out Dylan Hyde on YouTube he is an amazing singer follow him he's fantastic !!!!!!!! follow
Let the rain wash away all the pain of yesterday
hi ross <3
Last game of the season, I still believe! We can do it!
According to Sami, the bread was eyebrows (a unibrow) As for the teeth, that's a side-effect of a limited palette.
Let's be real, they only have iPhones to use Grindr, the white is just a bonus. ": Do all the gay boys have white iPhones?"
Thanks ! ill add it to the video <3
Dan, you don't have to be edgy all the time.
basically beyond excited to see my bestie tomorrow :)
That's more like it.
-I want to be younger den I am-!
i'm going to put on big fluffy pajamas and watch tv now.
Follow :D
Cut my hair.. I like it :D
Can't beat lunch
Apropos of nothing, Phil Rawlins, owner of #MLS hopeful , also on the board of Stoke City.
Happy Good Friday to you dahhhling!!
I love the margins of inches as trains and subways travel through their surroundings.
Gov't has been along for so long that we tend to forget what it is supposed to be about... It's about what we do together. J Palka
'Affordably' is a word. Stop fucking squiggly lining it, you fucking ass hat.
Midterms a week n some change away..... Got to start studying a lil bit harder
Just got word that Project Runway is casting for next season! Get your applications in by March 15th!
Tune in to 6abc right now: JAY Z and Mayor Nutter are announcing an awesome music festival for this Labor Day!
Here's the first tweet from my new account -- a more personal, and often wry approach to looking at the news and the people in the news.
You gotta come and try these Rosemary Shoestring Potato Fries! Here at Hawthorne
Do you have any idea what bag I sport to go with my favorite #ThugInACocktailDress?
Let oj take the shot
hell ya another vd fan love ya damon or stefan?
Aw, where was that shot?
Has xtina lost weight/gotten a better stylist or am I crazy?
Bitch his mine :)
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> ugh whatever you say Jeneasa.
4got to buy sum Tylenol PM to get rid of this cuddle-mood I'm in
#askJerry Do you think Salty will be hitting a good number of homers when he breaks out?
Finally spring is here!
thanks for the link. but no love. it recognizes the drive just not the data.
I try to stay open minded about different Earl Grey blends, I really do. I applaud blends and blending. But I am a purest at heart.
Oh , sorry i'd forgotten about Danni .
“: Heads up TNT we have a Nic Cage sighting #conair #niccageclassic” Def saw a Ghost Rider 2 preview today
so where's the hook up aha !
Painting seminar, chalk art festival, an 4 days at the beach next month.
the bathroom at this Fiesta smells like pan dulce
My 5 YO Grandson is meaner than Ali on that game
TEDASHII and LECRAE are some Beast Christian Rappers! God is Good!!
whatcha working on?
check out our blog at www.LuxeEssentials.blogspot.com
Christmas Eve. Mass:)
don't wear your earrings to bed!
thanks for the tips tonight!
haha good!! yesterday we had a game and I dont know how many times people were running on first & kept hittin me in my back
Some things in life are better left unknown. I'm reminded of this everyday in every aspect of life.
that's amazing. I thought I lost her when a giant smashed he into the ground and she fell through the mesh. She was only a head.
Heading to Va Beach for E21 USA cabinet meeting--after missed flight I was miraculously helped by a Delta lady in Atlanta to get here!
Learned alot about myself - & Im disappointed
Sorry, I don't know any NYC piano teachers.
#Weallhavetried jerking off and choking ourselves....but we can breathe a lil once we start going fast.....we all tried that right?
I'm staying up late all week
Testing a tweet scheduler.
got your email Malik-- thanks!
it's official.. weekends now start on Thursday
How to Buy an Ergonomic Chair | MyAlera Blog - Blog - Alera
The WreckingBalm giveaway has officially ended & the winner has been notified. Congrats to Tiffany W!
planners are pretty useless if you never remember to write in or look at them. I have no idea when anything is happening, ever.
The snack buffet replaces the 1/2 off apps. We thought free would be nicer!
Dumb and Dumber or Anchorman?
I shouldn't be surprised that Madison, IN provided the most colorful champ Jeopardy! has seen in ages. Great job, Cindy!
oh Man . Lol
I would love to try the Mac Beta version. I'm in the market for a new invoice program. Let me know how to download it. thanks.
Make sure while you are on Mifflin you listen to 'no trespassing' signs, if you don't...gonna be bad news
RIP Junior Seau
lol! Had to get that off my chest!
The real fountain of youth is the water fountain. beautysnatural.com
Still waiting at the doctor's office.
Can someone please follow me ? Feeling lonely haha
Lob City looking more like FLOP City or Cry City. Respect the game
Stop by for a tour! We are conveniently located in #BOYLEHEIGHTS! =)
I love that retweets professional wrestlers so much. That guy doesn't give a shit about shit.
#TeamAmy all of the way ILOVELIZARDLICKTOWING AND AMY SHIRLEY
Pretty sure I just changed my picture 20 times and I hate them all. Cool story.
SO pretty!
Going to the Queen Mary today. Probably staying overnight in Long Beach. Super excited.
girl my thighs be hurting from doing those things last night ...
That's awesome?
I hope all those arrested by #nypd for lawful sidewalk presence go to jury trial and file civil charges over the illegal thuggery
I was missing you on IG & Tumblr! But I know that means things are great in CA so <U+E404><U+E404><U+E404>!
R.I.P Trayvon Martin <3
#Randomness No matter how far we run or move away from the past, it seems to catch up. Can u really ignore it, or will it never be at rest?
Imagine if the receptionist was like 'no'
If u refuse to wrestle in NC until they change Amendment 1, u will be my hero.
Some bloggers deserve a distinction! They are much better than media in what they do. Good job!
or you could tell me~ lol
Missed the bus by seconds! It pulled away as I was pulling into the parking lot. And now I wait.
Hi Debbi - and call was amazing, but my Tweetdeck was on the blink. Just got it working! :-)Cheers TU!
I'm sorry to hear this :(
I feel the same way about my box. And who talks about their silly gym in the way we adore #Crossfit ?
today my algebra teacher said one direction and i was like. yeah theyre hot. my tweets are so lame.
as many as it takes for both knees to heal completely
Get em at sec's!
I'm finding it hard to get my mind around the fact that Mark Lester is the godfather of Michael Jackson's children
Call, email, tweet, or write, I'm outta the Facebook crap for 2012.
Our Master of Arts Management (MAM) program at was just approved as an member!
haha hi Jay(: and look whose being funny(;
I'm bored chill wit a nigga lms...
send me that video!
im bored... a good way to spend Easter right ? -__-
Someone must hv posted something very interesting from ur tweets. I was fascinated w/ur Ephesus post.Thanx 4 flwg me back ;)
not my best day feeling sad :(
I'll never stop changing
Hey, fellow #highered and #edu web people: I'm curious to know what you think of Facebook's groups for schools. Thoughts?
It does indeed, though it still wasn't one of my faves from the tasting. Glad you like the post. Hope it's coherent. Fluish here
"Education is not filling a bucket but lighting a fire." - William Butler Yeats
AH, taking off from the office NOW. Going to get on the treadmill and go, go, go! Up at at 'em tomorrow morning. Long day ahead.
they're free, and go on the X-Factor website.
Awww got best male singer & got slimXD #weloveyoujustin C:
Three blog posts in one night...#likeaboss hope you're paying attention
After the 5th guy, something smelled... off.
Has everyone forgot about Diane? It would be really great is someone remembered her.
everything is bugging me 2day... poor ppl around me =/
Today's PSA: If you're going to be a crazy person and talk to yourself, at least get a Bluetooth so ppl around you feel less uncomfortable.
tweeting not facebooking
I'm chilling. You good? Working at petco?
thanks for the links -- I couldn't squeeze them in w/the big list of great upcoming events!
just visited and picked u up a tee...no Lance sitings :(
The weather this week is gonna be so ugly.
thank you to all my new followers lol!!!
That bruise you have but don't know when n why you have it
Okay today was packed ... 1 day left until kickoff get to it.. btw Labor Day cycle special at 8:30am call to get the schedule
I'm sure you'll look phenomenal. Plz send a full body pic
I have a piece of paper with "3:40" printed on it posted to my bulletin board. A faculty member just saw it and knew what it meant. Awesome!
Exercise of the day: Ball Band Arm Row - The Ball Band Arm Row will allow you the flexibility while traveling to work your upper...
Niall don't be sad. You are really handsome. No one can't say the opposite.
I really loved carrie and mr. bigs relationship...
sorry not sorry...
lmoa Chia pets are the poop... Also smh=shake my hand sound way cooler(;
that's where we are heading!
US spends more $$ on education than anywhere. Issue is that bureaucrats far away from classroom making all the decisions.
I think none of the #nicar12 attendants appreciated the "show-me"state and now it's punishing us with wind in NYC.Or maybe just me?
i thought you were on live stream
Tweet at us your best ideas for a Mifflin Street Block Party Themes
The first place #whitesox...has a nice ring to it!!!
When you can't fall asleep, so you playback old conversations in your head....
Ebookviralincome.com make money become a expert author , membership site , I will treat you right and help you on getting started..
Meeting some of the most amazing & lovely writers at the festival. So inspired.
Thank you to for talking to my kiddos about his work in broadcast journalism for career day!
A person full of words & no action, is not qualified to advise me on anything.
added along with Missiles of October. Also Dr Strangelove & Hunt For Red October.
Free appetizer to all wearing red today at the office.... Happy Valentines day!!!
you're most welcome!! We're all family, after all. Looking forward to the next time :-)
Good choice!
haha far away? where u at?
it's closed until the 18 but after we're good. They setting up for graduation
I inspire people to be the best them they can be. If you haven't had a conversation with me, you should. Ask people who have
Thanks Julia, looking forward to meeting with you tomorrow as well!
hey im glad to see u back tip u never left the throne so nobody kept it warm noone could they aint chu
hey guys! referred me to you. Love to get in touch & involved. How do I do so? When is your next meeting?
April is national Alcohol Awareness Month.
The Hilarious Moment When Little Kids Fall, Then Get Up Like No One Saw Them Bust They S***. It Cracks Me Up =D
I miss my blow up bed.
Well, if my dreams are any indication, we've been there for several weeks already!
-no me castigues , que afuera hay mass
uh oh! Little man has a stomach bug. Fun day ahead of this hot momma.
boarded and ready to go! on my way to London! SO EXCITED!!!!
Take a joke people :-)
Love my Kitchen Aid mixer but have returned every attachment that I've purchased for it... Back to slicing carrots with a knife...
#STAR #astrology further thought: Mercury-ruled charts (Gemini or Virgo ASC) when Mercury is aligned with the sect in favor are also strong
Santa monica pier on this sunday morning :)
Florence, Alabama my love!
Thanks to everyone who came out to support the team tonight! was almost on Sportscenter.. almost pulled a Suarez..
Success is what you attract by the person you become - Jim Rohn
Oh damn we are friends on Twittah
we actually are looking into it! Maybe we need to do a test run and ship you some! ;-) which is your favorite?
please come apply!!!
Latin America and Caribbean building standards exist on paper, but where's the enforcement - no clue how many "bad" structures -Olson
Going to mow some grass, is it weird that I actually enjoy it?? Haha
- Does anyone know the results of the B sample?
Please remember the children of St. Lucia and Dominica in your prayers.
Why are u badgering Steffy about "ur man"? Who's insecure now, Hope?!~
I wip my hair back and forth
Here's to the Mahomies who actually know who Angel is and how important she was to Austy<3
no, but wish I was!
Had son's 4-month check up on Friday. He weighs almost 22 lbs already. Off the charts for weight & height. Yes - my back hurts.
can't wait to see the look!
Setting up for our Lunch and Learn on idea validation and MVPs!
Loving your city! Going on a #BALLE2012 Farm to Fork tour tomorrow!
Pressure equal more mistakes if yu nervous.
tomorrow never knows.
I guess I'm the only one who really has the spirit cuz is just down puts all around I'm the only one who just wants to be up and out there
Are you talking about the compilation CD ? Its only available in download format, I can send it to you through drop box the complete com ...
Fun Car Fact: Windshield wiper blades were invented by a woman. Mary Anderson was first granted a patent for the device in 1903.
lol Mine too but my family is a little bit crazy! lol so what are you doing now?!!
Keep that wallet fat girl!! Love you and congrats! xoxo
so is JK Rowling as important as Harry Potter? curious to learn whether her name is as valuable as his when she publishes again without him.
Enjoy your day.
thanks how was skip lunch prom stuff ...... ect.
running on 2 hours of sleep. assertion: today is going to be the best day ever.
Yes indeed! And we gonna leave KoKo on the island lol
There will not be a vote by the people on expanding gaming in Kentucky!
THAT'S CRAZY NEXT TYME 2 AVOID THAT JUST BRING ALONG A HUMAN NAVIGATOR BUT IT GOTTA BE SOME 1 U CAN TRUST....SPOK'N WORDS..........
This is a lady parts friendly match
"Stay in touch with the conversation, subscribe to the RSS feed for comments on this post"
You are welcome. Hope you sell lots of copies!
Question For Lucroy: Is beast mode done and if it is will we be seeing something new?
Drive carefully, 90% of people are accidents. #
no punctuation. No nothing.
Spending a day watching the world best tennis players playing at Sony Ericsson Open! I'm so excited!
“: Pacers taking this game, what about the whole series?”DAMN RIGHT THEY ARE
Aww damn lol me too. But naah, I graduate tomorrow. I was just hangin w my Lincoln peoples last night cos I used to go there.
We can help almost any business see the benefits of being social. Be social or be quite!
wawwhh I fucking love you. I feel so shit right now and that's just what I needed. Wanna text me?:)
Uninsured industry professionals do you know about #MPTF Bridge To Health ?
Can wait to see on ABDC todayy along with the other boyzz(::: so happy!!
... Breaking News ... Dmac reunited with his family after being reported missing since march 9th ...
"Why do you want to attend the MidwestUX 2012 Conference this year?" -OR-
Tebow or Eli Manning??
#IamAStanBecause Eminem showed us you don't need remorse
date date date date date date date date date date
Just got the finger while using the crosswalk correctly from an old man driving. That's me in 40 years
Hanging out on the greyhound in crossville...
#FamousLies "I did not..have sexual relations with that woman"
Andrea Young and Gayla Jamison, take the stage
will there be a male Quarian chatacter for multiplayer?
The most important single ingredient in the formula of success is knowing how to get along with people
YOU BOOK ME FOR A SHOW YOU ASKING FOR TROUBLE SMDH
2 mny execs think thy r wonderful w people becuz thy talk well.They don't realize that being wonderful w pple means listening well-Drucker
NJ Transit should install couches/beds in their train cars.
Tonight is taking pics too so be photo shoot fresh... #LAST1stFatTuesday @ Antigua
love your enemies, they need it
woww i hate that little "expand" link under every single tweet. why does twitter keep doing stuff like that. like it's fine, don't fix it.
omg ur so f*ing funny, keep employee coming ;)
Congrats to our firm -We just won CoStar's Power Broker Award for Top Leasing Firms in the Baltimore market - 2012 is looking even better!!
LOL, I'm flip flopping and DVRing. Can't miss Next Chapter or Master Class :)
yeah for new phones!
It's another great day in Detroit....Going to fly my kites and take in the sun.
Thx for the follow! Will you be attending #CUAEF? Look fwd to meeting you!
Motion with your finger for a girl to come over. When she gets there say, I knew if I fingered you long enough you would cum.
trivia #win!
The Mavs are going ALL the way! And oh yeah, Dirk is the MAN!!!
We were just talking about storytelling songs on my Facebook is My Mix Tape group page. Must be something in the air...
your puppy is SOO cute c:
. You got. I've been both a defnse attorney and a prosecutor. balance and experience are key for this office.
Jim Edmunds.win the RF job right here right now....... come on we need a BOMB here!
Yes! She's back. RT Focusing on ALL we HAVE vs. what we don't have - being in the moment w/STAPLES Center fans.
Oh my fuck. There's a bee in my room :O
Everybody's gonna love today... (8).
you're welcome! thanks for the followback!
EXPERIENCE!??? THIS IS NOT AN "EXPERIENCE" LEAGUE. THIS IS A CHAMPIONS LEAGUE.
Once I started watching mad men, I was hooked and watched the rest of the series in a weekend.
:) I applied.
We read "LOST" from Brooklyn
Excited that both kids get to ride horses, disturbed by the graphic nature of the medical release form.
Aw, I won't be here July!
Thanks bro!!!
Pennywise had a bad boy thing going on, 'nam saying?
Yay #twins Great way to relax after a good morning workout on the garden with mom and
Beautiful day 2 eat at your fav truck! We will b in the opryland area today @ wyndham resorts on mcgavock pk fm 11-130 w all your favorites!
4 new tracks on deck. Who wants me to post them??
At for lunch. Gonna be a great day!
Myths are public dreams, dreams are private myths. ~Joseph Campbell
great show last night! Thanks to all that came out and rocked it with us!
lol....im a good girl lol
birds keep shitting on my car UGH
I'm about to fucking flip out!
thanks. Was not aware of your group.
Just found out our St. Patties show at Waiting Room is gonna have $4 Guiness drafts. Guiness drinkers?
meaby in next year present will be ok xd and food too -,-
also anti-fur shoes...there's something about it that just works
Lunch at Lottie's: Fresh Wednesday w/ local foods prepared w/ love for you and the best drinks around!
Coleman INTERCEPTION! First down Preds!
Hahahaha. Great statement!
Irsay is saying the right things and Peyton seems to be at easy and comrfortable with everything he's saying
"you may kiss the bride".
Friday I love you!
Some gritty defense on both sides.
Aww those poor diabetic polar bears can't move.
The Departed on FX is a great way to start the morning.
Good Morning! It rained all last night and baby it's cold outside! I love the rain!!! And it's Friday! Hope you have a great weekend! :)
when the slide is pushed all the way in, the bugle plays in the key of G.
Tacos for dinner? Who's hungry yet?!
Do I need to dock your pay for damages? Who is Steve?
! I the going to Nigerian churches...they don't get out till like 6.
That's sweet RT ": Dude! The space shuttle just flew over my head in Takoma Park! Way better in person than a live stream..."
A hard-on doesn't count as personal growth.
Take Caltrain to Sunnyvale and cab it.
Read the Bio .... good, bad & ugly.
Remember what you have and be grateful for every day you wake up. Some people out there want nothing more than to live your life.
Got in and out of Tall Tales today and only spent $12. And found #1 of the Pinhead comic. Now if I can just find number 2.....
Jim Collins: humility+will combo of Level 5 not enough in world of chaos + uncertainty
finished 11 mixes for a very clever new TV campaign...watch out for "Generic U"
We miss you too ! Come on home and fire up some Rock Band. You got two tickets to Paradizzle! Pack your bags we'll leave to-nizzle!
Glad you liked it! Much more to come soon including video trainings.
If I ever have a daughter, which is doubtful, fuck kids, I'm thinking Aeriyanna or Jazzelle as names.
I once wanted to become an atheist, but I gave up - they have no holidays. - Henry Youngman
Can't wait for using Omega HD once again!
True, true. Good point.
is updating my project calender! will be happy tomorrow! Sure glad I have an amazing team backing me up
Wanting Somebody U can't Have I Like Dreams That Don't Come True
Presented learning 2.0 to local ASTD chapter. Not surprised that they don't get this. But saddened.
Ending homelessness has been a bipartisan issue in Congress. Just sayin'
I'm thinking about throwing a Goonies party. I have the 30th Anniversary edition.
how kind of you!
RT : I love that #PDX is featured on Bing today! B-E-A-UTIFUL
Being an athlete isn't easy and anyone that tells you otherwise needs to be mushed in the face
Our 500th tweet! That is all
tried install on another comp, held button for 10 seconds for hard reset...all failed grr for FuelBand
1 in 4 Venezuelans is active on Twitter!
RT : 'Bout time, but we'll take it!--> RT : BREAKING: Obama tells ABC he supports gay marriage.
sorry for the delay, we had to run the numbers. 56% of minorities are from WI. Can send you more detail via email if needed
when I'm doing something and my nose itches
Love H.I.I.T.!! And agreed, you need to do a workout + take the stairs + walk or bike to work.
I'm guessing one could solely based on the fact that it has been so long since the first two.
Ok.. so it's not every day you see a peacock on your block. Sorry I didn't have my cell to take pics.
what's going on tonight?
Jessie J rules my life. Cannot turn her off.
What does a footballer and a magician have in common?Both do hat tricks!
Our favorite "Peanuts" character? Pepperoni Patty, of course. Geez, Charlie Brown, who else?
Man...I remember seeing your episode of "House Hunters." :):) Beautiful voice!
Book Xbox commercial flying to Seattle
Thanks to neighbors & 4 stinking up the air in my house. My unborn baby & cancer dog *really* appreciate it. # airpollution
my dad doesnt want to pass me my money and im not going with no body to disney like but im going with a bunch of imature girls -_-
I definitely feel like I lost a friend today... :((((
Success doesn't come to you......you go to it.
My body is so sore
Now all my exams are finished I can't start my drawing again :).
slight work... slight work.. c;
England has lost a beautiful woman. Thinking of you today Rest in peace Pauline.
that would be purrrrrfect.
Did he mean "advertising is a dirty business" or "advertising should overwhelm your senses" or ___? [I'm not in advertising]
You are probably absolutely correct re: straight guys and Girls viewing parties in my case. Unfortunately. :(
Love me a good schemer.
By the way, that friend of mine who was close to ending their life? They thankfully chose life, and are living a #blessed life.
Who's coming with me man?
Getting ready to meet with other Seattle jazz lovers tonight to have dinner together, listen to jazz and enjoy the sun.
This is going to be a stressful game. I but am glad I know Greenbay is going to win. Because I have faith.
I second that. RT“: Congratulations, friend! He is so good. You're pretty awesome too. Love.”
Thanks to the excellent Sage Health Network for the RT of "Sexy at Sixty."
Figures I would miss a game like this one bc it isn't televised today!
Wild eyes... Staring deeply into the large ocean of possiblies.... Smiles sweetly to her self and jumps.
Have a blast, I want to be with you! Erin, I'm going to Florida with you, b/c you travel w/o me too much!
Spent some quality time in Muji myself.
Kimi Raikkonen approves of Clark Kellogg's DQ product placement.
That's the MF truth...It's always them #NonFactorMf's lol
happy inauguration day everyone! (pat buchanan looked like he had sucked on a lemon in his appearance on Hardball. ha!)
Shouldn't that be the case for the "desktop" web too?
#EveryoneHasThat1Friend That loves to tell lies.
UrbanTour Host pioneered Community Tourism in Miami's Historic Cultural Neighborhoods-one block at a time.Toured 30,000 in the past 10 years
Today my husband brought me Gatorade and now I swear by it. I don't have a dehydration headache like I normally do with water.
ask Sean Clark. I got you man....
That awkward moment when a fat person says "That's how I roll"
hey! whats up?
I love your new twitter name.
Before you judge me, keep in mind that you have no fucking clue who I am and what I'm going through.
Hashtag Search! What are all the job searching related hash tags for #JobSeekers besides:
Going to hit the gym hard this week after an indulgent weekend. Lots of cardio coming our way!!
Port Chuck tonight, and a bevy of beautiful women stopping in before the show
I Tweet what ever crosses my mind at that moment. I'm very blunt.. Sometimes I think that's a bad thing.
wins wins wins wins wins feb 20th at 7pm. 2 tickets. we recommend bringing rita.
RT : McMegan, who recently bought a $1500 blender-is 'blender'code fpr some other electromechanical pleasure device?
This dude The Weekend & his producers gon have ery1 producing post dub step/hop hop/RnB beats like Genuine timbo & missy did back n da day
yeah send them NOW
Where was that effort in the 5 losses, last two games they played like they cared, finally.
When my sister screams at me when i am almost asleep
At #westsidecomedy open mic... We're gonna try this one a little buzzed
so exhausted from work, but is worth it (:
my phone is so slow.
I would like to know we are arguing the most memorable artist of the 2004 international at 3am in a bar. R. Crumb is winning.
#hategettingtold We can't cash your paycheck sir, there are insufficient funds.
Its my last day at the NFL and all I want is a RT from C'mon Rich, one for old times sake?
TU Dixie, I know this lines up w who u r too. I so adore you and appreciate you. (dats a tear in my eye & dats ok happy tear)
I went to the Peabody when I was in college, but that means it was probably at least 10 years ago. I have fond memories, though.
Can we get Gustavo on tambourine?
I FUCKING LOVE HUMMUS!!
Get well soon PLEASE!
Thank you for your help!
You already know
Yerbe Mate, it is! I'll try it! I like that it's known as "The ancient drink of health and friendship" Thx for the tip!
right on...great stuff.
She is? I have no clue...I was just reading their tweets back and forth! And it was trending, haha.
I'm loving this day in the NFL!
Never judge a song by its cover.
You know how Draymond Green has been at MSU for 9 years, well Tim Duncan has been in the NBA since '78.
just locked in my dates, June 7 - 16th
I couldn't sleep last night so I got about 5-6 hours of sleep!! :/
#geek > #gov20 RT : if ((Republican && Democrat) || (Innovative && Crowdfunding)) {System.out.println("The JOBS Act Rocks!");
#newspaces4learning harder because their tool belts are smaller
Occupy May day is going down in Bryant Park right by my office..... Cool <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Karina is more well known in general. Bryan may be in that poker room though.
Congrats to the Audubon Society's Children and Nature Collaborative for winning the San Diego Choice Awards for Environmental Stewardship!
I can transform ya, I can transform ya, I can trans I can trans I can transform ya ;)
Ugh.. & then another bum cums & orders with a big booger in his nose.
He's fine! :) He works very much so he doesn't have so much time for me..But I still have Ryan! Hahaha
and yes, absolutely first time friendly. It's a season "kick off" & after-party with our friends at Going to be fun!
I know the has to pay for it's online operations somehow, but those pop-ups are REALLY annoying.
I'm so happy to start my new job at Saks Fifth Avenue at Fashion Show Mall can't wait.
Matt Smith is good too, but Tennant is still the favorite.
Yoga today-First headstand and first REAL back bend. Thanks Rebecca for teaching me your wisdom!!!
you just called me buddy... -_-
WTF #ubersocial? Why do you keep crashing my #iphone?
what are u talking about lmao
Watching bleach eating banana and extra crunchy skippy super chunk <3 & sunflower seeds killing time before therapy
coming up in 20!
": Life's most difficult moments teach us that we're stronger than we know."
But ain't no way I'm gone be in the VA and my mama in Texas
Finally got my drip sprinklers set up. Now the pretty stuff can stay green!
Welcome to Monday. Another day of opportunity.
it's polished up an ready.
Walking over to the slave quarters at Mount Vernon
haha yea we all got em around the same time a few years back
Twitter informed me I was hacked. I apologize for any annoying things y'all may get from my account! Twitter and I have fixed this.
Cool... but it looks exactly the same
SO true! Not fun at all. Where are you applying?
I knew I was taking a chance by following you guys. lol
[Campus Bulletin] Our EAS School finally repaired its weather control device this weekend. Feel free to thank us with donations.
I bet how old Is he
Hi twitter world !
Gold Standard Diagnostics Announces Global Launch of New, Fully Automated ELISA Platform ThunderBolt
About that time...
just wait til you meet him
rotting out x slipknot split 2012.
looking to gain bigger email list! Anyone have any bright ideas?
Philly Sports: 2012 NBA Playoffs: San Antonio Spurs Vs. Los Angeles Clippers Western Conference Semifinals Matchup Fan’s View (Yahoo!...
Reality is cruel. <U+6E21><U+308B><U+4E16><U+9593><U+306F><U+9B3C><U+3070><U+304B><U+308A><U+3002>
Three constants in life-change, choice, and principles.
Khloe & Lamar marathon? Don't mind if I do
" don't stop BELIEVIN' "
I don't know about loving the NBA, yet. But it is fun to be a part of that atmosphere each night.
"Sorry! We did something wrong. Please refresh the page and try again." C'mon Twitter!
Do you teach a language? How do you balance teaching language usage vs. grammar, sentence structure and other formal elements?
Easiest 3 steps to gain :1) follow ) follow me, 3) RT this
Not even an hour into our trip to Rochester and I'm already dreaming of
Nice little AM shaker/earthquake in Anchorage this morning.....shake rattle and roll..
Blunted which means
I like dem bars & ya image :) great look...
Check out thelasvegaskid @ YouTube
Just got a great listener suggestion for the Escape. Please bring a new or gently used bra to donate to bit.ly/bOp91k
: haha yeah ill think bout it. & i would but me no know where you live.
. : Kudos. You inspired #hive11 designers that they can be Founders. Great way 2 end the day. Seattle Design Community <3s u!
“: Who wants to be my Valentine ;)” Right here, yeah buddy!
A Versatile Blogger Award « Jenny&#39;s Serendipity
Only read shorter pieces of Tallis; yes, dogmatic. But review says to me that ch 3 & 4 might have place in my fall neuroanth course
Woo sparring today for boxing. Should be interesting.
#yogotti #flexing hard this evening at the gym le go my eggo
With 5mil on parole&probation;15K+ in DC;4 in 10 recidivism rate;your encouragement &his motivation 2 access services is key
Hahaha OMG the blow remix is amazing needs more views!!
wakin up tomorrow, thumbs up. class tomorrow, thumbs dwn
speaking of warm, moist places... I've always wanted to go to Costa Rica
agreed! Love his voice
I'm proud of us too! I'm beat though ha! Shall we go Saturday morning?
Dont leave. Even if you don't like me, I don't wanna watch you go.
Hi there just getting up. And it was nice to meet you too
Is there a person in there?
mwahahah!! Your my hero!!
that probably sounds better after a few gombay smashes in Disco Ball cups.... ;)
bet i followed her shid tell her wats up...all bidness
Breast milk for sale. All online and not screened. 100's of local moms are doing it. Would you? The story
Good morning!
"Misunderstood" on Apples to Apples, my roommate put down Bill.. I put down Hilary. Haha
i wish cranberries were coming to texas!!!!
I love the aggressively pro-paper (CC: )
Hey Kat, I just found a bunch of cool tips for using Twitter as a marketing tool!
Dear friends, I'm literally so sorry that I've apparently been incredibly rude all week and ignored your texts. Blame Verizon.
Thx Hope you enjoyed dinner and the show.
I just killed my taste buds with this hot ass chimichanga :'o
Looking for Onsite Maintenance position in Santa Barbra anyone have any ideas, this is a huge hello to all!
I guess it's a good thing I haven't upgraded yet...“: Lion ruined many apps and is buggy with some of my gear”
#GetEbenTo17k he's SO close! :D
aw bye bby
RT : It is famously difficult 2 get VC backing for new consumer devices; 's success with shows a...
is positive psychology worth obtaining? I'm doing more research in it for graduate, there's a school that offers it in CA
My Leg Hurt & Ish .
RT : A3: Its a balance between how we are perceived and not allowing others perception to define us...
come have some birthday drinks at The Bar @ Bermuda & St Rose!
RT : If an expert says it can't be done, get another expert
Setting up the iPad the library bought for me ... and I have no idea where to start
Watchin the bears playon a good game
Did you play for him at one point? Maybe bring back Herrmann as a DC, that'd be great too! Go Blue!
All facebook friends get %50 off any walk-in order from now until 9pm tonight, 11-1-11. Code word is "Gimme".
#randomtweet my grandma called me earlier snappin on me then started talkin like everything was all good lol she a thug
Idk why but I love 10 things I hate about you;p (show and movie)
Ah. ER visit in my near future.
The of Melbourne, Australia is in attendance.
so true
I sent all my life savings to these nigerians with an amazing plan that will make me a millionaire. I've been waiting patiently..for 3 years
Luckily we got #theBobcats tonite, let's sit #DRose and #Deng, then get healthy for the #NBA Playoffs!
Thoughts 5- The Wave was attempted in the 6th, I didnt participate. Notice in Wisconsin the wave is an "arms only" ordeal. Go figure.
Time to get up n watch #Sportscenter I'm reading sum of the dumbest shit on my TL lemme see where yall gettin it from
oh... "best of both worlds" lol
Looking for single busy professionals from 25-45 that would like 12 mini dates in a hour register at www.tri-statespeeddating.com
meet . Yall should get acquainted.
Bumping my "creepy" music with the windows down & seeing everyone's face like -> o.O >>>>> xD
lol i see
No love for at the nose?!? Most underrated player in the league! Hope he gets paid in the off-season.
heard @ odnet. relationships matter! must get her book.
The Hobbit is good but my favorite book is The Runelords and they are making it into a movie
we missed you <3
I will fly to NY tomorrow. Have Dr. Ahmad ready in the OR. I will give Mo my ACL. Prep the transplant team...
In my mind, in my head, this is where we all came from.The dreams we had, the love we shared,this is what we're waiting for...
Boulders in the road on 65, some size of basketballs. Everywhere. Be careful
The FED has lost their minds. More Stress Tests? For what reason? To cost shareholders like me millions more?
I love when she completely loses it and has a mental breakdown, like a pre quill to Showgirls
I'll pretend I'm happy that you're with someone who treats you right.
Hocum defends his belt and defeats Max by TKO at 1:20 of the 1st round. (stopped due to strikes)
Moving the Family & Business back to Colorado. See everyone when I re-open in the New Year in a New State :)
I will call them tomorrow! Looking forward to it!
I repeat; LIES.
Everyone have a nice Christmas!
On my way home from a mind numbing workday. Need... To...play...guitar...
How can black ppl say "we nees to stick together" "white folk always bringin us down" but we kill each other over $1 & what color we wearin.
We salute and give thanks for all Martin Luther King did for us. Happy day, everyone...!
We are all FUCKING BELIEBERS!!! I u want to tag us for the country we live go fangirl at Madonna 'cuz that tagging is pure SHIT!!!
The new jaguar XKX concept!!! Damn!
Ha ha!
Artest suspended for ONLY 7 games? What a difference being a Laker makes.
Im definetly bombing that math exam tomorrow.
morning stranger!!
Forever Michael!!!!! :-D
send me pics and more info if you can:
It's taping Friday through Monday I believe. I can't wait to see it!
#idol - Jessica and Hollie sound very good together. Subtle, sweet vocals - well done.
You can't stay in your corner of the forest, waiting for others to come to you; you have to go to them sometimes. -Winnie the Pooh
Was absolutely charmed by Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris. Totally deserving of the Oscar nomination for Best Picture.
What do you guys think of D3 so far?
Smh I hate when people talk shit when they look like they don't have a pot to piss in smh
This movie is scary already!
Allergies & sinus are killing me
said I clearly enjpy dominating men. Duh...
Up waitin on my client...... I love doing hair its my passion!!!!!!!
Bout to get off work, go home workout, take a nap then get the kids later for they playdate.
The eBay app is pretty cool... I was able to list items by just scanning the bar code!
Thanks so much! Home of the #2DayLatteFast!
A couple of years ago, was one of the few to RSVP yes to my birthday celebration, but he didn't show. Only 2 people did.
Socks are a girl's best friend and Gentlemen prefer Socks
call me real quick
Just me and you, I loved your point of view cause you held no punches..
Watching #gc2012 didn't help my sermon writing much. Or it could have been the #rageagainstthemachine I had playing!
The 4 Agreements -Be impeccable with your word,Don't take anything personally,Don't make assumptions,Always do your best / Don Miguel Ruiz
Thanks for the follow
Twitters getting boring ima be on YouTube for a while
Lions QB Matthew Stafford wins AP NFL Comeback Player of Year.
You guys reporting on the snow tonight?
Live Large, choose courageously and love without limits!
Went and saw The Lion King broadway musical in Orlando with today. Totally amazing! Loved every second of it. :)
happy birthday have a great day hope it is filled with cake and presents(:
Wow what immature asshole would make a Mike Flanagan Ghost twitter account. Ashamed to even be followed by that ass.
my solutions 2 quickly finish a project: 1. big needles. 2. blending yarn. #always works but i'm going to send you some patterns
Start your Friday night right with happy hour till 8pm!
"Katy Perry IS Nelson Mandela!"
I'm in the process of a long process with that. In essence, Skype would be cool... Did u find me on there?
Time for season finale
what's with the front page ads?
Just got some great upholstered stack chairs & computer cart from just $10 ea -- check these out B4 they are gone -- 7916 SE Foster 11-7 PM
I had the most weridist.. Like, wow. Yeah um, dream ever. Not telling my Mom this, but I am telling the gut who was in it ;P
Drats! can't make the custom beer. City of Chicago liquor regulations prohibit it. Maybe AlphaBeer VII or IX then!
ok, added you <3
tnx for the pinterest follow. Anyone else need an invite?
of course. Wasn't discussing mechanism of
To destroys teams RT : Plus dude numbers dnt lie yea u may think he`s a ass but so was ty cobb and he is greatest
offers [Shulman's Market] has been enlarged to cover an entire wall, a wall that becomes a window to a vanished Washington."
Peer Support of Dane County is in need of volunteers to provide compassionate companionship to isolated seniors. More info at 846-9469
u can if u want. Not at home now
Sade, if you need an agent... I'm thinking about getting into the game
I just can't help myself #IJustCan'tStop
Robert Bresson~ Make visible what without you might perhaps never have been seen.
PEOPLE KEEP RT'ing/FAVORITING MY FANFIC. CREEPERS SCROLLING THRU MY FAVS. HAHA ITS COOL. LOVE YOU TOO.
I love you
thanks for coming gents! Glad you enjoyed it - I'll make sure to let you know if a Volume II is in the works
Hubby's fixing the sink. Asked me for help getting his 3 nuts off.
and was very rude that damned?? Maybe you call it love........ ok baby muakk :(
Stupid Finals! Too many people at Starbucks hogging all the bandwidth! Ugh
My Human Geography project is titled The Geography of c:
It will be. I promise :)
W.mwishartinvestigations.com is looking into cold case files.
I didn't mean to
good luck ladies! Wish I was still there watching y'all! Lol
Hopefully a mixture of both. Like a Jacobin Bill & Ted.
Omer Asik is really looking less & less like Judge Reinhold, which isn't a good thing for Omer.
I'm kinda really sad I can't get the EP yet cause the Internet at my new house BLOWS. :(
That's interception No. 4 and turnover No. 6 for the Horns.
How old do my kids have to be before I stop saying "potty" and "tummy"? My youngest is 12 and I'm worried my vocabulary is compromised.
Talking about Twitter at Reference Forum this morning. , this looks a little formal--what am I in to?
physioball hammy curls...making sure to drop the butt (not holding solid plank) to mimic the action of hams during running!
I Freduian Shi…Slip all the time :)
Feeling it today, been training hard all week gonna chill have some coffee and piece of cake maybe.
THERE'S ONLY 1 THING PEOPLE LIKE THAT'S GOOD FOR THEM; GOOD NIGHT'S SLEEP. Property Owners please visit your Insurance Agent about coverage.
Finally some NY pizza, greatest thing ever invented. Still got love for Mad Mush though
We are aware if an Internet Explorer bug where IE8 formats some pages incorrectly.
oh thank your for RTing our Merk deal!!
every time I blink I feel like I'm going to cry
I'll be with a design firm in NYC for a week and then I'm going to be in DC till August :)
watch ur language! do yal forget that im on here too?
very dope session today. thank you Taylor Matos for blessing the booth. remember the name yall.
I zoned out in class, now I have no clue what we have to do.
BIG News coming right before the bell get ready !!!!!!
Eddie Schmidt 48: Running the Manitou Incline in 26 minutes. "After my third 8 minute session, once a week I'm @ 25 min. www.quickgymcs.com
Has Navy's cut blocks ever seriously injured a fb player? I still love the broken bone O!
Lmfaoo to #oomf does it look like I gave a fuck O.o because I really dont :)
Two really good sessions: SM across the enterprise and compliance.
tough remount new playlist boom! I just finished a 2.01 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Reason to hope
And Darius Miller has now played in the most career games in school history.
I love the contrast between the camera hungry fans during the NBA Playoffs and the nonchalant look away fans! lol!
Finally made it to High Point NC. My a$$ is numb from the long ride
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic Coupe 1.7i ES Coupe for a new car!
definitely we should do that
Good thing I have a scooter and an external hard drive.
OMG. I just witnessed someone get hit my the RTD light rail! WTF?!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B0>
#UNM #Lobos beat #Duke in championship #soccer game, 2-1 in overtime. Woof woof woof!
Fantastic job up front, Andy! truly brilliant! your energy and powers of listening were inspirational!
Lucky guess!
alright, no more editing, today. it's officially beer o'clock.
My night consist of watching movies on netflix .... You guys don't have to tell me, I already know I'm a party animal.
I bet those two British girls are crying in the audience right now.
Happy Pi Day! How many of you bake or eat pie on this day?
lol true xD but there's no way he's really working for Red John O.o
As the on-call weekend reporter, your tweets are not giving me much hope for escaping my apartment anytime soon!
Welcome to the Twitterverse :-)
Feel like I haven't seen around lately. Nat! Where are you? ;)
I do not like Jen Hirsh. I'm sorry. She seems sweet and she's an okay singer, but something bugs me!
3 words of love; I LOVE YOU <33.--- 3 words wich make me happy : AUSTIN CARTER MAHONE. <U+2665>
I want to bake a bunch of cookies and then eat them all.
RT : Armstrong says AOL's goal is to have Patch profitable by end of 2013
DUDE! I JUST SCREAMED! GOD DONT SCARE ME!
RT : The Physcis equations on the background white-boards of #BigBangTheory are real and changed according to each show's theme.
that text just made me smile =D
It's been the most brutal division by a mile for 5+ years now, so a Pacific dominated playoffs would be a thing to see.
Wait Barcelona didn't win?
Hey Yankees lets score some runs k?
oh my God, you're saaa gay LOL
I even work tomorrow night and early Sunday morning so I can't go out tomorrow. You got more beer for me? :)
maybe. I should be writing but I'm not procrastinating
Oh Passover- I can't say I'm looking forward to you. 8 days of cardboard. How long will I keep it this year?
Before you judge me take a good look at you. Seems to me you’re a little slow to understand; Ignorance and Jealousy go hand in hand.”
This is trueRT : Nice! Probably a lot! Too bad it doesn't count how heavy your camera is...
I like the rain when it's time to go to sleep
SHOUT they give you the funniest ppl to follow #FollowThem!
my earbuds are noise canceling. I'm so sorry. :(
Jimmy Shack majored in painting and printmaking. He is being represented by Barking Lizards in Williamsburgh
thanks for the follow of Check out our fun videos of kids biking indoors on our 123GoTV. Just covered on NBC News
Female Co-Host wanted for unsigned artist showcase. Must have a personality, be self-motivated & somewhat attractive! Info: 347 249 9441
I'm in need of coffee. Debating a walk to #DunkinDonuts or (gasp) a drive to #SBux. I know. Shocking since I'm no SBux fan.
Can you publish it in English? Thanks.
You go girl! RT : First business pitch. Check.
Hey this Thursday (2-3) our own UX Librarian is teaching RSS Feeds in the Kyle Morrow Room. Exciting stuff
Better than the Bucks being dead last.
Fox News, I declare a war on you.
Happy 70th Birthday, Ali....
There's something so magical about grilled eggplant
I might make fun of StL'ians, but please don't none of y'all die in a tornado, mmmkay?
5-0 wraps this week before taking a break. I was called into casting and they said they may use me again after the hiatus in the new year.
Probably right. But I'll wait to see for myself. Seems like a silly stunt for a place like MSG
is the SKC cow (the goal scorer from the home opener) dressing for us tonight?
:) RT : gregory porter is a singer's singer. this is coming from an Irish tenor. Love his voice and song
Most pressing question of the day: how did you arrive at that page?
im feeling much better, so is logie.im thankful blake did catch it.im going to courthouse today to petition 4 custody of blake
what is that?
Visit Saturday for free ice cream, discounted cakes and prizes for hula hooping. Yes. Hula hooping. Check in for 2x Belly points!
thanks for following. if you are seeking songs/reference tracks/instrumentals just let me know and I can send some.
great opener for
Gr8 point.RT : A5. Having a list definitely helps, but make sure not to ignore other opportunities that arent on it!
It takes 115 days.
so how are things going with you? been to any Rays games? I need to write a piece on following the Rays from 8K miles away.
Thx!:) How's business 4 u? RT : : I've heard great things about your company from many of my Chicagoland customers!
Have you tried our burger yet? You can add pork belly, pimento cheese, an extra patty, chicken liver mousse or even a fried egg!
Is pro-union. Cool.
Around the world with 330 sausages - Chicago Tribune
"What exactly does that expression mean, "friends with benefits"? Does he provide her with health insurance?"
For 2nd time bought from a convenience store what appeared to be a plastic-wrapped #pastry only to find it was basically just a #hotdog bun.
So far I have 3 picks correct, 4 pretty much correct, and 1 wrong. Instead of a BMW, do I win a free oil change, ?
too cold to get out of bed. i wish it was saturday.
Emotional limbo | A game without reward
What are you reading?
we have rain! we will have grass! we are ecstatic! three years of drought in central texas sure makes you appreciate a raincloud!
well played. Respect.
Feeling horrible right now...ugh :-(
Got a feeling that this year's #Kantar session at #rethink11 will be standing room only like last two years.
Sometimes things in this business really hurt. Especially when you trusted someone to have your back and they didn't.
You know information can't be shared with you Bellwood folk too far in advanced...
Love it!
Well done. Congratulations.
lol don't be ... It was drinkable. I don't plan on ever being a beer drinker!
My birthday was yesterday, so can I get a 'happy late birthday' tweet? It would mean a lot to me!!(: 4
If they allow smoking, the sign says: "Abandon all hope ye who enter here."
Thou shall not jones for anything because that is a waste of space in your frontal lobe
That sad moment when makes you laugh harder than your boyfriend makes you orgasm
The last day off work before working the next 7 in a row, drinking is necessary
I enjoyed the finale of TVD. There were moments I thought Damon was going to get staked. He should end up with Katherine.
ready for another winning run on jamiel #can'twaittotalk
stay the fuck away from the cliche.
Starbucks stocks hit a record high today at more than $60. I knew if I just waited a few years my stock would help me pay for a venti latte!
Fuck Google for only giving me pictures of Vonnegut butthole drawings when I search for "wide open beavers".
The wheels of justice grind slow... Unless you just want to plead guilty. Talk to a lawyer and work your case! Sometimes hard work=miracle
We're looking forward to the mixology industry event tonight at Slightly Oliver NYC. Send us a message if you need info/directions.
Problematic nature of Ordinary of Newgate's accounts is why they should be studied says Erin Feichtinger at
Heard from 9 year old twins Prairie. "We love the special effects in Civil War Journey & wish they had them in Prairietown."
#goodmorning! Thanks for talking last night I love how I can tell you anything and ur here to listen
$55 for to ship me a Mexican flag before tomorrow? INSANE.
how many to go?
RT : Chillin hard wit my bitch, Smokin on some Loud
the mobile friendly site is super cool!
We hit the studio November 27th in Woodstock. It's about to go down...!!!!
#runinoftheday 3: Christ-O from tremor video -- old coworker. Fiddlesticks cc:
Never have time for anything.
Does signing Wimbley to a long-term deal mean they can offer Miller enough to stave off Seattle?
And we're only closed for a week, you know.
I win. But not often.. But more than you. Hi Mom!
Do dogs have bellybuttons???!? Somebody answer me anyone!
Walkin n get her
...funny like my ruhtarded attempt to win in the playoffs. I am obligated to mention Nike in all my Tweets. Nike.
Disappointing to see that Sup. Dimitrijevic won't let go of that mean-spirited, coercive plan to punish workers. Negotiate, don't dictate!
luv u boo
45-year-old geeks are the weirdest people.
Tweet me & tell me what Carrie or Lauren has done for you in your life.
lol i hope u got a ass
There is a double rainbow outside and now I have that dumb song stuck in my head.
youre too precious. I CANT STAND IT.
I'm TIRED Of Him In My TL Thoo
Q4 I spend my volunteer time working for library associations, I haven't had time to spend elsewhere
Chick-fil-a cookies<f0><U+009F><U+008D><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764>
When Colton Haynes tweets about #GCB I want to cry. my favorite show talking about my other favorite show.
my older brother is a morgan alum.
boy, have you got that right!
Our review of Siri: Great virtual assistant, but she refuses to fetch us lunch or write tomorrow's RAMP for us.
Better brace for impact!
Wow, Kenny Rogers looks Great!
wtf was up with THAT!? RT ": Rest assured I didn't create a fake presale to scam fans"
9:15 AM and I've bought a pair of shoes already. I think it's going to be a good day.
Yea man! I'll send that track soon homie!
If u are a female singer and would like the opportunity to perform @ 3 points sports bar and grill. contact me asap at 469.254.7890 - Payn
Good mornning lovely people! Have a great day!
dem clappers
RT : With at Party In The Park. is sounding...well, stellar! //agreed!!
Flaming Patties open here for lunch! Come check it out. Cold beer also coming soon with your lunch!
“: “: Who's the better Tweeter? You or ?”uhh me duh” ya duh
I see you've set aside this special time to humiliate yourself in public.
"Do one thing every day that scares you."
I remember when the weekends were fun, now their just another day
944's may picks issue is out all over town! did you make the cut? www.944.com/magazine
If your looking for a get rich quick something this isn't it. This is helping feed dying kids. The money is a perk. So if interested PM me.
How's it going so far, is everything straight on the business side of things?
I love it
Especially ones with quotes from classic literature and sci-fi shows.
hahaha! The waiter at CPK, "why? Do you have an embarrassing name?"
jealous of all the people who were at that show!I wish I could buy a jet and fly all over the world and c every show #MarsJet lol
The rhinoceros beetle can carry up to 850 times its weight on its back. This is equivalent to a person carrying over 50 mini-vans on...
Currently searching for good deals on #golfballs and not having much luck.
Happy Mother's Day! We see some of the most caring moms in the world here at Rady Children's every day.
#procrastinationlikewoah Turning off the Internet for a little bit.
Hey, SFSU people. Does the Ike's on campus accept visa yet? Or should I just eat at subway like a tourist?
fine clothes convey success & authority and that's what I want my first family conveying.
need to improve functionality for direct messages...
great! We can go through every question possible as a lesson :) we have hundreds, girl, get ready!
Same here but i dont want to -_- that is tomuch rain
hey this is a little late BUT, missed you in Pittsburgh, but hopefully I'll see you next time. <3 LURVE! (no duh?)
A comprehensive communications policy protects brand, manages risk, addresses legal compliance, and promotes employee morale
. asks: What motivates you to share content?
Did you get a hair cut ? No , I just died the tips of hair invisable , psh .
#GymPetPeeves The shitty towels at New York Sports Club
When passing another hit record, remember the man who originally set it.
Get it team 2! Great work today y'all!
1) Haywood unleashed a running haymaker on Durant, clearing both benches in the ugliest scene since the brawl at the Palace of Auburn Hills
Wow!!! Jordan is makin a killin world wide lol!! RT : There actually was a line a both Nike stores here in Japan lol
YOU happened! Can I come over today?
Alas, totally swamped wrapping up 4 Next time yr in Chgo, would love to have coffee if time permits.
you guys better be on the lookout for 's new album. it's f*ckin' lovely :)
SAG Awards 2011: Best and worst dressed
if you had to pick a book to suggest what would that be? Go Ravens
Of course! Did your team go to the NRA event on Monday? ": Thanks!! See on Twitter Monday night!"
Head of the Legislative Reference Bureau said it was his decision to publish the collective bargaining law last week, even w/o Sec of State.
Time for a nap..
God I just want to retweet everything posts. LMAO
Thanks for sharing our latest news!
Hong Kong! Wow what an amazing time I had. Now I am off to Bangok! See you all next time (: #goodbye -- Greyson Chance ()
good job!:)
Hunger Games with Thanks for loaning me the book! ;)
yeah jim carrey is pretty good in that movie
Damn hillbilly ass skool,how you close a week early but don't tell nobody
OMFG Nina dobrev Said that she love my name!!! OMG love you Nina <3
#Eastboundanddown revving my engine
AMEN- and I am not even in Texas
#asksarah if I go to San Antonio on June 13 for my birthday you think we can meet up?
yay! I'm glad it did
A brand not responding on Twitter is like hanging up the phone on customers. With millions watching.
Wow! What a fun day with my newest geek out friends from the #Drifterverse!
I am officially old.... "Friends" will be on Nick
Originally, north of Longview. Spent a summer in Elgin. Attended Abilene Christian. Lastly, Fort Worth.
Can't wait for my breakfast Tuesday courtesy of
Right? But we don't want to go there. Trust. I've been to Hammond twice,both times under protest.
Be sure you read the "context" piece -> it was one person's opinion, not
4 more days for our "Name that Tune" benefit on Friday, November 4th at the historic Hudson Theater in NYC. It's... fb.me/16tlCPsFW
RT : To bend HC cost curve we must invest in prevention. Right now .80 of every $1 is spent on chronic disease.
Cammon LA! You can do it! Make the trades!
It is quite amazing how few people know how to get a cab in the city
I like this explanation better. They don't really stock a lot of female kits, apparently.
Needed those two points
I'm Libra! Yey!
Seeing clients in Gainesville, FL. I feel the rash coming. We'll be in Atl this wknd & close enough 2 Athens to expel any UF demons.
I wish I was enjoying black lager - musing on it then - but good Spanish #rioja now!
Go Lady!!!
Shelby County Mayoral Debate on children’s issues Thurs., July 15 from 7 to 7:30 PM on wreg.com & News Channel 3 Anytime! Please tune in!
Getting the house straightened up a bit while is off working out :) It's looking nice now that I have a place for my books!
Watching Eclipse with Tabby!
Can't wait to see what call Scott Foster is gonna blow now that it's the 4th quarter.
Happy Birthday stranger :p
Don't waste time, start making money from home!
you already have it?? ive heard it tops in rainbows??? what you think?
My chemistry teacher just told me I didnt finish her test because I hadn't looked at the problems enough to do them fast.Thats not relevant.
Wun hunnid. Seeya then RT : “: looking like 1 mane”>> alright I'll be here den I live in G-Field
Today is National Deviled Egg Day! It's always November 2nd. Time to rush home and boil some eggs...
Did really good!
Heartbroken...what a rough season for our guys
U R Amazing! I am so lucky to have an image consultant like you. :-)
tomorrow is my first day of school wa!
I don't think I've laughed that hard during a full episode of SNL since.... I can't remember. The scream sneeze killed me. I'm dead. RIP: Me
I am supportive of women but it's because they have done great thing w/their lives. They struggle & sacrifice. We don't need a time warp.
OKC again for a couple of magazine assignments with
Well that would explain why I didn't get paid... but what explains the "3-01" on my watch!!?!
Jack Zduriencik could say the same of Chone's contract. RT Chone Figgins: “I’m just not having anything to show for it.”
thanks for the RT bro.
nice hey
- "It's what you learn after you know it all that counts." - John Wooden
Decided to press through the pain and write my first book "CONSEQUENCES" by Yolanda Flournah-Perkins. Based on a true story!!!!
Hello all! Hope you are enjoying your learning :)
Finding a medium...settle for nothing. Im not content at all....
*zombies past* REGISTER RIGHT MEOW!! Library! Brains! Wristbands!
#2012ALC was a great conference and I'm proud to work for US too. Happy Anniversary!
Lubbock - an oven. with dirt.
what do you think this whole beef with iran is about the petro dollar survival on the global trade market
I accidentally said u instead:)
Time to wake up and get to Miller Park #Brewers fans. Never too early to tailgate!
New nickname Christmas slacker #ihave nothingdoneyet
Science, Technology, Engineering and Math (STEM) education/there is a high demand for great teachers/www.teach.com
Maan Im not a gangsta but I will pull the 9 if its necessary
Some people can't sleep because they have insomnia. I can't sleep because I'm busy thinking about you.
#Blake #Lebron #Dwight just need to enter the dunk contest next season and bring excitement back
how if tomas moms there?
Hey! How are you? :)
In Missouri for a week chillin with some friends.
there is a sporting event tonight?
Keep it new. Keep it moving.
So excited to bring flipbooks to a graduation party at in June. Go Class of 2012!
Rahm, in his 1st spring as mayor, has neglected the old ways & proper sacrifices. Apparently there was a filing error.
Go Bucks!!!
Wally the Beer Man may work again for the Twins but it won't be selling beer, according to Twins managers.
I cast my ballot today for dodgeball. Only 24 hours left to register for the Detroit Cup Dodgeball Tournament!
what's mine? Lol
Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza. Pizza.
now how many of you kids is there?
just had new burger and I will NEVER have another fast food restaurant's burger again-it would be cheating. I'm in love! Thx
sorry for your loss.
the greatest feeling is when im running with pure adrenaline and i dont have control of my legs, but i know im still moving full speed
instagram or it didn't happen
<U+E312><U+E117><U+E440> HAPPY NEW YEARS EVE <U+E312><U+E310><U+E440><U+E117> It's a new year a new chance in life !
[Video]: You already know! is back!! And is better than ever!!
I was... Was poppin
I kinda wanna go out to dinner before first friday tonight... Anyone want to come with me and the pudger!
RPD are sending in another wave of riot police with flashlights blazing. So far still peaceful.
Creating your best 2012 (older video with great message)
hey guys im back from school i had an extra choir practice
Just got off a power call / Story Bridge Project coming to Oakland Public Schools May - Dec 2012 for African American Males
Send us photos of yourselves in your Okie Dope t-shirt! We'll post it proudly here and soon on the website!
so your out for a couple weeks lol?
working hard. Awaiting your return w baited breath.
going to finally watch the avengers today! ^.^
Wayne Rooney's ball control while running is horrible.
my anthem tho!!
Taped an interview today with Philippe Cousteau, Jr. about the mass Dolphin die-off near Peru. Catch in tomorrow on #CCTVAmerica. 9pm EST.
#ThingsThatINeed....For you to join the movement.
Playing Summerfest today @ 3. Come early for us, stay for Flaming Lips, De La Soul, Meat Puppets, Get Up Kids, Alkaline Trio, Britney Spears
I've realized today, that the accumulation of this aspect of my life's failures, means I must stop trying and "drink the coolaid;" Be alone.
Now following =)
thanks for the mention :) love your twittername!
. says shame on devolutionists w/regard to nat'l transit."I think of beer as the solution to our nat'l problems."
Work is moving forward with the new site. Can't wait to show it off once it's done.
#TwitterTwitterTwitter keep me awake please.
In School On My Phone Listing to Music nd Seeing Tweet's = AWESOME LIFE<3 :)ILYNickMara<3
EVERYTHING YOUR TELLING ME IS GOING TO COME BACK IT DOESN'T FEEL GOOD ON THE OTHER FOOT
See you at ! You can even ride your bike. is hooking us up with a sweet bike valet!!!!
click on their profile there is an unfollow all (boards) button under their profile picture. Then go back to your board & repeat
that would be hysterical!!!
Loving the life I'm living<3
hey there
Is that a noun?
Off in the night while you live it up, I'm off to sleep. Waging wars to shape the poet and the beat.
Tim Cook has a strong operational background, played a BIG role in retail expansion. I wonder what thinks of this.
I've worked under tougher conditions.
cool enjoy :)
Brian Shaw, the guy Kobe wanted originally?
April - There r some forms we cannot complete but plz emial me @ & I'll c how I can help. Thx!
I called my mom and she is bringing stuff. Thanks though!
Troy Renck on taking Rockies questions, tweet or call or email us your Rockies questions! 303-297-1510
interesting. Yeah I love them in the beginning then it's like a bad marriage as it goes on LOL
This bitch x her momma pissing me the fuck off forreal
she has to. Needs to. Hopefully likes to. And probably wants to!!
happy birthday lovely!!(: hope its amazing!!! Xoxoxoxo
WOOF! WOOF! WOOF! Go Lobos!
He tells me if I keep this up, I won't drive till I'm 17.. what am I even doing? I don't think he wants to drive me around another 2 years.
gabriel iglesias was at "alternate" night club and a man came onto him..n he called his girl like dont mess up i got options lol
OhYes! I can't think of much else aside from tomorrow's game.
And no I'm not an alcoholic lol ....!!!
Because watercolor actually moves on the paper, it is the most active of all mediums, almost a performance art. (Nita Engle)
ugh of course god I love Ihop. Red velvet cheesecake is my favorite of anything
had a great time tonight accompanying my friend tonight on his senior recital. Cool arrangements & some of my favorite musicians
ugh. Michael it's been proven that the ROMANS killed Jesus. Not us. STOP BLAMING US FOR EVERYTHING MEL GIBSON!
My iPhone's vibration has turned into a death rattle.
“: Could you guys imagine if George Bush had had a twitter” the most awesome thing in the world
Awesome. Just spotted a llama heading north on SW Broadway & Burnside.
If your future looks blur. Take the time out today to build a collage on poster board. (daryldorsey.com)
Yogurt and frosted flakes
please do not participate in a bill that you KNOW will not pass, it wastes time... compromise and get this done please
On the road back to #PDX after a fun-filled visit with the folks.
Just finished photo shoot.....BUR!!!
haha you slept through stairs pushups
Getting my MAC fix <3
How long will it take to make it?? i cant wait to see it:)
": George #Zimmerman to be released on $150,000 bond" That's 189, 874 bags of skittles!
I am texting as the local news talks about the downfall of society because of social media and communiction...I laughed and kept typing
How could someone let Drugs n Alcohol ruin their life? I seriously don't get it.
Fuck.. I'm guessing that I'm completely done w/ The Sims. It won't work anymore :( Dumb update is being a boob because of my internet -_-
Maggie Mulvihill: Democracy dies behind closed doors. Ur going 2 continue 2 hv lawmakers stuffing wads of $ down their bra if no1 is watchng
Had #PaulaDeen on in the background while I worked. Looked up as she took a bite of food. This has gotta be
I cried when I saw it.
The Rbloggers post is gold-- It's currently ripping around several CS/Public Policy labs at CMU--
True dat I hate cleaning up my room but at the same time I have to claen up at work.
Was hoping the baby would come today on 11/11/11. But I think she's gonna make me wait!
Do not look desperate when you're in front of Casting Directors. However, do look disease free.
where u @?
history in the making!
Reno we do appreciate you following Poised Creation on Twitter!! :)
Leadership doesn't come as the result of a title. It comes from a heart of service. And when they see your heart for them, they will follow
Ok so.. of course I'm rooting for the #Colts people so stop asking.... yes I'm a critic but I'm still going for the home team BUT.......
what's truly interesting is the hope we bandy about in thinking that redrawn lines equate any sort of political reform
thanks for the #FF :-)
Another reason to join BFC: member co-ops don't have big corporate salaries to pay. They really *can* pass the savings on to you!
Oh nice! what part of new york are you from?
this is the best pic of you thus far. so real.
I need to move out
After thinking about it game 3's lost was lavy's fault for putting Lilja on the ice.He should went with 4 defenseman in OT.
Got a concert goin on in my place staring ! Lol
#inmiddleschool I got played #inhighschool I got played in 9th and 10th, after that everything changed I was playing left to right.
Her husband was crazy but loved his face when he saw the baby. If I get a call to come to a home birth, I will hit ignore lol
Men's World Cup = most pop. sporting event in the world. Women's World Cup = now in Germany and no one cares. Come on people
Yeah I sure am. Stumbled upon that one in Lake Oswego.
"The saddest thing in life is wasted talent"
Sic transit Gloria Gaynor: I will survive.
Who has two thumbs and is not going to bother watching the Pat crush the Giants?
When you live in a high-rise what do you do when your new neighbor's dog crawls onto your balcony?? o_O
RT : SAN ANTONIO! Tonight, join at PEPPER.
you just inspired me to get up and write:)
Welcome to twitter, It is about time. Even though I am a Sox fan, How about a follow #GO SOX
hey its chris brown
Aww that's too bad :( I'll get everything out there that I can find for you!
I gotta say, I'm pretty surprised at the results of the Lugar/Mourdock IN republican primary.
Readying our new brochures. They are colorful and classy. Can't wait to get them out into the community.
That conversation. >>
yes - even a little positive feedback goes a long way
Writing-related resolution? Contact me to find out more info on my new packages for writers finishing novels and books.
Wats good twitter i ain't been on here & forever ...
Freaks and Geeks is a great show
Ryan Reynolds hello Wally!!!
Do you use Jing? Can you share what you love about it?
Made some snow cones today. They where delicious. Havn't had some since I was a little kid on field day. haha
Thanks for the mention.
you can't compare them!
Back from Dragon Con! What a crazy place.
i hart yoo bff. Youre my voice of reason :)
“: 1 hour and 10 mins til my birthday. #22” Happy birthday in advance for your king to be!
it's where Gary is at, you lose.
BRIEFLY: April 28
I was about to say what the hell?
Music is everyone's paradise because reality is just too much.
Haven't lost faith yet, and besides, it's only game one! We'll just have to do exactly what we did in round two! :)
Thx! They're popular here - already downloaded & sent GCRR photo.
Thank you. I'm glad you did. I know of Goodreads. I just couldn't find your review there. Can you send a link please?
Please take me off this page as admin. I want nothing more to do with you.
Wait, is that who "LovesChild" is?
Thanks, Steve. Looking forward to your tweets.
Listening to fly fm
love and thanks!
hope you're happy.
Tough loss for Duke, they'll probably fall to at least 6th or 7th in the polls.
I love and I well always well he means everything to me !!!!!! I'm crazy about him !!!! <3 <3 <3 <3
Hey! I just made two One Direction sets on polyvore! Tell me what you think. The links are on my profile page
cool me too :)
Thanks for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
Shutting the door, putting my feet up on the desk, and going to YouTube for some
yes very true
Sunday mornings are awesome. Sunday nights are horrific.
Thanks for sharing John's article from our blog The Lab Patrick!
Seriously I was just gonna ask a quick question.
Oh, I have to read again? Can't I just enjoy the gorgeous day outside?
To be honest, it's likely not going to be much. Bowden has good upside and Cubs think they can develop him
i'm given a new start with each new day...i must choose my tasks & the company i keep wisely
is listening to some Angus & Julia Stone and relaxing.
Love the #herewego commercial
threres no sun...
Seeing Hunger Games for the third time. Im so cool.
it never fails! lol
Made it home from Dallas. Wonderful weekend capped off by a super bowl win! Go Pack!
Nitey-nite, everyone. Time for a nap before waking in a few hours.
You can still come hang out :)
I am at the doctors idk wher them other niggas at
at Guero's, checkin' out Frank Smith. showcase.
It is bad that I am kind of excited to go to Buca's? I haven't been in forever and I love pasta.
Thank you pretty girl :)
3:15 pm. "Can I call you with my order in 30 minutes?" Me: "Sure. Leave it on my voicemail cause my phone is turning off in 15 minutes"
Ok, I love chocolate, you're making me hungry.
I've seen the sort of things that trickle down, and they generally don't include wealth.
I want retractable fangs
hahahah, thank goodness someone doesnt want me to be a lesbian!
What do you like most about attending film festivals
don't forget about extra credit!
Someone rushes up with a last minute award!
SAT word of the day: enervate (v.) to weaken, exhaust
thanks! questions I have and continually ask myself, and the singers and artists who pursue the craft with me!
New hand-crafted cocktails! Try our Fig Mescal Sour: Fig-infused mescal, fresh lime, fig bitters & egg white!
this insurance company is taking a long time to bind this workers compensation form. it's been over a week! starting to feel like a scam.
Take the helmet of salvation and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. -Ephesians 6:17
Those who actually know Chris Barron: can you confirm that he is the asshole he appears to be all the fucking time?
This shit is getting weirder and weirder everyday
God said He loves me? That's awkward. Tell Him I want to see other people.
When people bitch at you for no reason <
lol Hi honey :) no really its for the kids
Things are getting started at the HfH dinner! It should be a wonderful night!
Just 890 followers short of 1000...wait!...why would anyone care how many followers I have? Just how fatuous am I? Another day of Twitter...
Screaming Tuna should be up and running in the next week, from what we hear! Can't wait to check it out! Will keep you posted
woo hoo! Fingers crossed!! I'll check with u in the morning.
Thanks Sara. I appreciate that.
Having a great time at #astd10 , learned rapid prototyping of courses and agile workflow practices. Thanks Carla
If it ain't broke don't fix it. #Tribe is winning games & serieses. Let's not mess with anything right now!
I'm not big on talkbacks, but I wish we encouraged/allowed aud to just stay in the room longer post show
Shouout to she seems chill so follow her. :)
Keith Moorland still available to pinch-hit. :)
and u rip my terrost person 5 times :b
My Job Has 2-Ply??? Thank You Lord...
Did Tilly and The Wall sell a song to DayQuil? Everyone's gotta make money somehow I gues
#FF Please follow Have a great weekend
Hey hit me up with the DM I'm trying to get in touch with you lol
Hi Joanna, thanks for following back :)
Follow me:) Luv ya. U ROCK!! :D
I hope they're photos of my buddy Puddles. Can't wait. :)
can u ask Mikey if him and the Boyz would want 2 come back 2 Chicago sometime? And can I get a shoutout?
I dream all the time. Comfortable in my dreams. I dream that I'm still working. Was an R N for 38 yrs.
well why didnt someone yell that right away?
#VonChurch is currently looking for #network #programmers for #jobs in #Texas, #Vegas, #SanDiego and beyond
2 months b4 my new song comes out on hope a celebety loke c it
The notice is probably a good idea. I saw a lady on Sunday who sat in front of a fan then wondered why there was a draught.
NEXT WEEKEND. I CANNOT WAIT.
I wanna see a movie.
flight got delayed, on stand by....pray gotta see u n the morning
Wait, is now a hipster by association?
wow that must be annoying
Just got back from Panama - look for my next story (got a special video interview!)
My mom just told. Me I can't live with my head in the clouds
it's like baseball... this is the 3rd strike. I tried. America fails.
Listening to "Gotta" featuring It seems to capture everything perfectly.
Wow. Awesome #ImA commercial from Dr. Pepper. Well done!
She stands there unlit cigarette in hand filling up that empty hole with anything that’ll pour insides hanging out...
A few updates to the site... also, trying to get our web designer to help us update more easily and much more oftn. Several glitches lately.
I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.
Nope. It's called an evolving view. I never called Romney a flip-flopper either.
Happy Friday to you! Rest of the workshop was amazing. Enjoy the beautiful weather this weekend in Boston :).
It's two diff plans but the same issue. Empl w/ pensions had to add 3%. The 11 to 5% impacts empl w/a diff plan.
Its Friday i wanna see not dead files. That show is a joke. That so called "mediums" acting is so embarrassing to watch.
I think oomf at me. Lolol
He dope, he might sell coke.
Closing in on opening day...set sail on Oct.11th & discover Off The Clock Bar & Grill
in discussion re business case for applying LED / LOD framework to geographic areas to accelerate effective economic dev: The Real Web
Floor shows are too much fun. I need to play more of these.
Let's be real ; Every black girls hair ain't fake . All white girls aren't easy. .Every yellowbone ain't cute & every dark girl ain't ugly .
Happy Thanksgiving to you as well. did you enjoy the movie?
Is it weird that I love #Playboy and wanna be Ms. November some day ^_^
Guess where Spo will be on April 5th?
About to set out on my third straight day of pub crawling
burned 103 calories doing 20 minutes of "Walking, 2.5 mph, leisurely pace"
Stoked to see how did on #TheVoice! She's an unbelievably, amazing singer.
Heritage leads Colorado Academy 6-3 at the half.
The only time I remember praying is when I was taking a test, and I kept answering C. "Please...please allow me to circle another letter"
Haha...no why? You run into a kevin shah?
you're so annoying
Hey there how you been buddy.! Did you see RAW Monday night ?
lol I don't think I spent the night on those days
Is Liberty University really paying for a banner ad on my OKCupid page? Because somebody is not getting their money's worth.
RANT:I can dig French Roast for what it is,but even so,always smells like fish.Would really make much more sense to be #Pike instead.
On a school night? : I love you, red solo cup. I fill you up.
Old Chris Brown songs >>> <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0093>
mo' money, mo' problems.
Lol ok cool RT: “: we're birthday twins! Lol I'll keep it in mind if we end up going out tomo :)”
my advice is always buy the cheapest camera body that does what you need
ain't that the truth n I do it not even tryn too..
anyway that a fan can possibly get their hands on one of those killer St. Patty's Day Seminole Baseball caps????
Thanks for sharing! If there are any Interests you'd like to see added in our categories, just let us know.
Think in detail of a turtles butthole. I'm so funny. You're welcome society.
No school(:
Our Exec VP Holly Smithson testified today in support of to the SD County Planning Commission- join the convo #cutgreentape!
I know what you mean. I could do without fall myself.
come see me!!
I love getting my first shot at a design approved.
Alcohol in mouthwash dries oral tissues. Dry tissues create more sulfur compounds. Sulfur compounds enable infection & create #bad breath.
Who all is coming to Tip a Tiger tonight?? Great cause and a fun evening!
Love creative ideas in #SportsBiz? Be sure to follow - He will be hosting a live Twitter Q&A at 10:30 CST on Tuesday!
The Artist? More like, I Can't Write Dialouge, ZOMG That Dog is Cute. Am I right ladies?
You order dessert. ;)
I wanna go in on it too! Book a studio session!
Stop it! You're adorable :)
lol In What Way
My friends >> your friends.
If u need hot beats hit me up! I got a ton of shit!
I have this cool logo design thing that I think would look great on a shirt, would you be interested in looking at it?
“: it wasnt bron, you got wade'd” ~ could it really be I got Bosh'd?
Watching IDOL MAKER right now. What an amazing film. I have seen it a thousand times and it gets me every time.
hey pastor Coco!!!! Your almost to 1000 followers :D
It was ok, when I first had it about 6 weeks ago. Looking forward to trying it now that it has aged a bit more.
Not that anyone was asking, but our favorite longtime rock band? The Pepperoni Stones. I'd like to apologize for the aforementioned pun.
#Badgers on in 30!! Bar is filling up fast! Let's go Wisconsin!!
It's safe to say The Wrench is Card Country
Bro u are a fucking joke. Completely replaceable. Original stuff like posting that girls accidental pantie shot, what a joke
Mayor Michael Bloomberg is just a rich snob who gives out exclusive invites to people who don't deserve them to a party that's not his.
Rose torn Acl mean #Knicks v #Heat winner will make the #NBAfinals write it down! #doworkny!
I'm thinking it's nap time.
awe well you got a year left
new username
Called you
Washington Maker of Listeria Tainted Cheese Agrees to Stop Production
At work
Some of the greater things in life are unseen thats why you close your eyes when you kiss, cry, or dream...
I hate days where we are can't spend it together ;/
I think the next wave you need to catch is on my waterbed. JK, I haven't had one in years but it needed to be said.
Completely agree!!
i dare you to.
true, I just always get a kick out of it. Sometimes idk how they read their own handwriting. What is this about you & the stage?
my last tweet says I'm in football mode.
Group texts are a horrible idea because whenever you play the game, 6 people who don't understand the game text you asking who you are.
Eyes are bleeding from reading professional email with no capitalization or punctuation.
The NFL draft really doesn't start till pick 3.. everyone knows Luck and RG3 are going 1 and 2
Are we supposed to be INSPIRED by Kirk Douglas?
To get through the hardest journey we need take only one step at a time...but we must keep on stepping." - Chinese Proverb
I would love recommendations! We will be in Libya for two weeks and Istanbul for three days. I am very excited.
Thomas Robinson is too timid. He has this compulsion to dribble when he gets the ball in the post. GET BALL -> JUMP -> DUNK.
Glamour Magazine says: "Hey, it's okay to hang on to those flowers until they're dust..."
Why do I have to wait so long for my burrito to cool? This is the 21st century, dammit.
SCHOOL TRIP TOMORROW WAHOOOO. lol jk it's just a field trip... moo
who asked u that? Lol
My fingers have dyslexia today, and it doesn't help I need to restart my computer so it freezes for a few seconds on occasion.
In civilized countries, they make manufacturers prove safety of drugs. You have a problem with that?
aw heart you Mark! : )
Boston Coupons 1 ridiculously huge coupon a day. It's like doing Boston at 90% off! www.Groupon.com/Boston
You're a doll <U+2764>": Just got Don't Panic off iTunes for a mere 7.92$. You should too!"
time to wish on some airplanes
Happy March 1st!!! Drink Special: MINTY MOCHA (white mocha + green mint!!)
Because its NTFS. Ha
That guy that just got thrown out on the Lakers just wants attention...cuz no one even knows his name!!
Blames for my new obsession with Angry Birds
Iowa State kicked ass. Twas a good night!
Come grab a drink and food I'm behind the bar wih Kate!
My battery is dying! No please don't die! I'm gonna cry :'c
Shocked to learn that respected members of the #Boston tech community don't think there is much of an "energy scene" here. Where is better?
You should love QBO
that's what I'm saying. If they promote from within they can hire him. If they get just a new OC no riom
Diary of a Mad Black Woman
Nurture your minds with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes. -Benjamin Disrael
This. RT They should invent gif buttons.
My Chargers finally got it together.
anyway i've officially given up on studying poli sci and i've accepted the fact that i'll be getting a two or less on tomorrow's AP test
Who wants ribs and a nice glass of red tonight?
Good session in Nags Head this AM. Nice to have a mid-week day off. called it!
I just want a real Bestfriend I never had a real friend before
Thanks everyone for coming out to celebrate our 2yr anniversary last night! Thanks & ^dr
I just want you to feel the same way. IS THAT SO MUCH TO ASK? Oh, it is? Nevermind then
MSR only 90k of real racing, Gerrans won cause Fabian was 100% unselfish. Great Poggio, would have liked different winner.
Chris, thank you... 4 webby awards and 12 honorable mentions if we win.... not that I am counting or anything LOL
My version of being healthy banana with some nutella for breakfast
Well sitting here with Derek! Eating jelly beans! Soo cold! :c
Three little league baseball games = 100% chance of rain. That's how I roll. SMH.
O_o xD. Why thank you very much x)
Calanais is a 5000-yr-old stone circle & is much better viewing experience than Stonehenge
Please send good luck on STAAR tests. We are showing our students all of your good luck tweets.
jamming to 's Take Off Your Colours album. #sosick. come back to Cincinnati soon!
That's true. To some extent at least.
self-invoking funcs immediately create their own closure (function () {var dog = "Pomeranian"; alert(dog);})(); alert(dog); // Return undef
is the greatest. the end. also,
hey I gave you the marry paper right?!(x
I want to be a transformer
Either way, I don't want to see it :)
RT LibDems are to put more money into the #ChickensHospital, dam you unpredictive text that should have said Childrens
Happy Tuesday, Butterscotch tweeps! I hope the day is starting on a bright note 4 u - if not, change the tune! Namaste.
Nice! Yeah we're lucky! RT : jog then sprint then jog; my park is pretty big, this week the same, great weather too.
hahaha!!!!!!!! I might just drink hot sauce instead of water at pratice now lol
I wish I had all the answers
Watching some kid attempt to cheat the entire exam and barely answer any questions reminds me why I don't do that.
4 n e body doin music,got studio time cheap! @ a great location $20 a hour!real nice spot! hit me up on FB r TWTTER 4 MO info..1Shot
No the fuck he don't nigga! if we had a team he be here you here the voice? he still be out here with the real niggas making vids
hahah probably not, but i'm given some extra points to play around with each week which i may be able to put toward Umi
fantastic! Keep me posted. If I get the $$$, I'll let you know. It's a great script.
i don,t know who im talking to anymore everyone keeps changing their pictures once i get used to them by their pictures then its gone
Test results: so far, not a single spam bot has followed me! I gotta tweet about peanut butter more often.
Aw So sweet!!
Earlier this afternoon and I spoke with a class of students. Great dialogue, great questions and Great time!
Give my best buddy a follow. Currently works for and the Great organization, better people.
I went to rehab once.... All I got was a lousy T-shirt
packing and packing...off to Philadelphia I go in 15 days...what a change that will be!
lol I almost completely agree, minus the hate! Strongly dislike!
When every update reads "Life is great!" and "I love my life!" I just automatically assume that your life is a 24/7 living, breathing Hell.
and the countdown begins until June 19
As long as I'm alive, I'll keep my head up high. Because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind. - Run DMC, Tougher Than Leather
I DON'T HAVE TO SHAVE!
forreal... Haha yeah! We text each other all the time! Haha and I enjoy blowing up your phone! lol just take a picture(:
(cont) cuz im a drag queen or a female impersonater
Lol!!!! Love Foster! You're my chocolate foster!
thank you, I will :))
Time on Friday to give me a company update in Blacksburg?
#ThingsIHateAboutFacebook ignorant fucks who never shut up
I commend you to Jack White's "Blunderbuss" with great enthusiasm, altho "Hypocritical Kiss" does borrow a bridge from Phillip Glass.
Way to stick it out USA women's soccer!
integrated assessment advances the reciprocal benefits of public scholarship -- believes it is a transformational element.
Thanks to for retweeting news about the Maritime Ghost Conferenec with her followers.
shout out to you! thanks for the follow! everyone follow her if you're cool!
Today is the last day to get a personalized Mother's Day bottle on sale! Check out our website for details.
Don't knock masturbation — it's sex with someone I love. can u believe a someone famous said that line but it true lol
An epic breakthrough to see his dad cry! I felt embarrassed for the g.mom's attitude WTF. Love the person first.
Fridays are my favorite days? Why? Because of #GhostAdventuresFriday :)
Today is not starting off well. Arrived at work 30 minutes ago with wrong set of keys.
thanks for the follow and support Steven glad you liked the apple check out
Did you ever have a chance to meet his dad, Jerry? He was quite the character.
Ha ha thanks! Me too!
#REGGAEpromoters / Mgrs. get your artist on-air in major US market (greater NYC) send music to On-air 16yrs! ~Selah!
please fool lol
So my boss bought me dunkin donuts for my birthday :D
I gave a homeless guy a ten that split in half, saying, "I don't know what to do with this..." to which he replied, "I do..."
's dev team is #awesome!
I was told that there's a 30 sec limit on Animoto, is that not true? That veterans ex looks great. Compliments to its creator.
"It's kind of like sex, one thing leads to another." - My mommy's response to my sis & I trying to get more piercings hahahah
I started Benlysta a couple of weeks ago. Have my 2nd infusion Thursday am. Good luck!
Nothing fucks up your friday like realizing its only tuesday.
Looking forward to #LSCon this year.
Mourning the disappearance of Lenny's Sandwich Shop from Prince George Street.
I've been touched by an angel. (a homeless guy named angel)
Hey Maine librarians - I'm heading your way next week. Can I stop by and visit? Show me your cool stuff!
#genomesolver #curenet paul allen, discussing avian knowledge network (AKN) and how to think about data to be collected
A little deadmau5 on the way down to the strip.
Reason people use hand sanitizer: 5% of the time to actually clean your hands 95% of the time because it's there
Staci, we absolutely care. We have to clean the parking structure to clean winter's salt & sand so it is clean for our travelers.
Couch, Dinner, PJ's and the
Even the sun sets in paradise
Its cold asf.
come on its funny!
it's not bad lol wby? :)
how tall are you
Sadly, yes. So wanted to be there. Miss seeing you......and so many other great folks
Just saw and fell in love with The Myth of the American Sleepover. Really GREAT movie!!!
is kind of like my fantasy football league, Owners whine and complain when they cant get their ways
says stories about he and mayor bloomberg being at odds were "overblown." says he has always had a "close personal relationship"
Gonna totally bring it against in Letter Carrier Olympics!
are you willing to share your recipe? Also are they high in protein?
Great first day!
Preparation + opportunity = luck
#Conserving at #StirOSU now.
Excited for to appear on with on ! 920am! Tune in now!
#CSOMozartBrahms Contest: First to answer correctly win! What was the last piece of music Mozart composed?
Dont forget to mention the acting roles you managed to get as a white man despite your color.
Up and playing the GMYH teaser, wow,I didn't dream this after all!!!
that doesn't at all sound like something our swaggering cowboy preznit GWB (who everyone hated, remember?) would have said!
I'm pretty much lost in all this thing.
Merry Christmas to everyone on twitter, this has been the best christmas for me:)
Sort of a simple digital shoebox - drop any digital resources into a custom collection for sharing and display.
Next time! I'd love to.
Huh I hate Lamar page is private
Can't wait for midwinter break!!!!
He's Just Not That Into You. Any of you =]
I'm think my room may need to be cleaned today before it turns into the after math of WWII.
STOP This SOPA and PIPA bills!! We would all be in so much trouble if it passed.
Students may have "limited writing skills" but "maximum expectations
Make content motivate & enable performance/ transfer of skills by answering: "What's in it for me?" and "Where can I use this?"
I'm going to try that right now.
We are giving away tickets to see Boots Electric tomorrow at on Sunset. Retweet this message to enter!
RT : When I grow up, I wanna be Kate Beckinsale. She's flawless in anything, including tonight.
after party at ;; dinner
That's the one I kept it on. :) I think I like it better.
YES YES YES
She's a lady and ladies shouldn't be messed with!
follow me plz i return the luv:D with shout outs!!!!
finds religion horrifying and disgusting in a particularly sexual way tonight. There's no way he could explain it to you.
thanks to everyone now following us on twitter.. we're updating content to our website, so stay tuned!
I appreciated the zombies and survival scene in this last episode of #TheWalkingDead but the reason Y it even happened was so silly
How do you know when the stage is level ? The drummer is drooling out of both sides of his mouth
Life keeps getting better
Never give up on your dreams.
My Mama Really Got me sitting in school like this? -___-
I'm fairly new...why is it unacceptable?
How about pancreas? ;-) RT I like elk meat
that's fucked up messin wit ur time and money they need to put shit to aside for bizness first grow up
your welcome.
what is more of a subjectless object than a corpse? Lauro
RT : KC! Billy, Brian, & JD from BPL are playing w/ their old band The Creature Comforts Thurs night @ Record Bar w/ 10pm!!!
<U+266A> Constantly looping in my head now thanks to my iPhone <U+266A> F**k You by Lily Allen
I am so exhausted.
I see u on the basketball team nd yet u a dunking...
More locations to come!! As soon as I have them, I will let you know!!
#followfriday hello new followers!
I love taking over the jukebox with my selections everytime and now the house is rockin and heads bobbin
Wow! John Kruk is bigger than steel pole in Fenway.
Great signing day so far! Getting things ready for the official press release and announcement this afternoon.
Everyone on our block has been robbed by the same dude in the last month. Im mentally preparing to let him know people dont use cash anymore
Nice post. Firing readers can mean firing up your niche, too.
Finished watching The Vow :) Totally perfect.
All Natural :)
Let's walk it up the floor with 7 seconds left. Incredible...
Streptococci help plaque to form. Plaque makes a home for infectious bacteria. Kill the strep & the bacteria. Learn more at: www.closys.com
Having a really good day/night #thankGod :)
not to most, cant wait to finish our series tomorrow
Now it's down to 2 degrees. no wonder i was so cold when i went out to get the mail!
just thought of you, how's FL?
was this morning at 8:30. Went fine.
She'z with us everyday! ": Thinking About My Aunt.. <U+E023>..R.I.P. <U+E058>"
About to attend the #HBR webinar by called #MakingtheMostofOurIrrationality. Neuroscience x Marketing
A pee, pooping, sleeping, eating machine. that is my dog
Thank you health care benefits people who made a mistake that is going to cost us about $5k. I am so excited.
Is it still called "leadership" if it's really just "cronyism?"
the wink by Neal McCoy
Hey, hon! We're a producing company, I'd like to invite you to follow our page!
": equal to gaulking the shaft" FINALLY someone got the mispell joke!!!
And you may ask yourself, "My god, what have I done!?"
Surprised to not see any of my #smbmad friends here at #SWMadison! :(
Definitely. There are a few other older b-boy documentaries and some other new ones coming out. Check them out if you can!
Thanks Sophie!!! :) on my way to South Carolina to join the army!! ;)
This dude was like, "my penis is getting tracked down by the FBI can u help me hide it?" Eww.
QoTD: "Do not look where you fell, but where you slipped." (African Proverb)
I don't think I feel like school tomorrow
Did Not Wanna Get Up... I Still Was In Da Bed
Me too....hope u r felling better! :-)
I feel the same about you! I'm so very proud of you! Keep living the dream!
How do u balance being an artist & _______? Fill in the blank & share ur experience.Tweet back or email
Also, don't forget: "Buckwheat is dead! Here's how it happened."
Once u give up the gods that have been given to you, you find the ones you really need
Hey hit me up RT : S/O to Luqman !
I am so tired. The last place I want to be is at this stupid ass school.
ugh. I hate her. I have a B- in her class too. SHAAATT :( maybe someone will be nice & bring us chipotle? ;)
Thanks to all for making the #HOL a success at #VMworld. Especially those taking lab10!
Finally caught "Happy Feet" on TV. I love penguins. I love musicals. I LOVE tap dance. Did not love that movie. Not enough happy.
he's the best
#ReplaceMovieTitlesWithRatchet. Horton Hears a Ratchet
The thought of you makes the thought of me so much better.
u deserve it Ana. Maybe wr cam do lunch sometime.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHAT YOU HAD UNTIL ITS GONE
M, chocolate chip cookies r the best!!!!!!
#Imhappywhen i see glimpses of the old ron artest
You only live once-but if you work it right, once is enough.
Please pray that God will speak through Phil tonight as he speaks before the Jesus painter!
not nice! But so funny.
where are they boarding at? A bed & breakfast?
Hope you guys stumbled across some great treats on Record Store Day!
I love the drama.
needs a social network to coordinate all his social networks...
OK - Kip just sent you over a quick email! Look forward to hearing from you! :)
Good news: It seems that Whole Foods has a new storebrand hummus and it tastes SUSPICIOUSLY like Sabra (but for 1.99)!!!
Nearly all of my listening these days is informed by the four pillars of Godflesh, Neurosis, Brian Eno, and The Bomb Squad.
Holy cow...all #TheVoice finalists are amazing!
go to extreme rules and challenge brock lesnar. beat his ass for the chip.
Follow us on Facebook! Supertonic String Quartet- become a fan!
Great pt RT A5 Declining ratings due to increasing trend of ppl using mobile/tablets. Eyeballs still there
Chilling w/ & Neisha :)
Been Poppin bottles an Rocking Jay's ! " HOOD GENERAL'$ "
No Blink-182 @ Bamboozle but you can still see the best act coming to the festival;
Learning is a breeze in this class
Within five years you'll be a national authority.
My new BG is credits to !!<3
This game!
I like ... “: Life is too short to worry about the little things; enjoy what you have today, not what you might get tomorrow.”
's little personal vendetta/crusade against Andy Pettitte is the most entertaining he's been.
Thanks for the #FF Have a great day!
I hope aint mad at me, BUT IM DEAD TIRED 4REAL lol ;)
Halfway to Africa by now RT : can I have #Thunder Western Conference Finals Champion gear????
Please don't pretend to know me if you don't; I wouldn't do it to you.
I include the hashtag #truth in my tweets, does that mean they're automatically factually correct?
Killer headache... not ready to go to work and deal with bogo...
April Fool's Day pranks? Go!
A TV commercial for Internet Explorer??!! Give up #Microsoft nobody wants IE.
Melo is playing like a monster today
Time to decide what to plant in the garden this year. Nothing better than truly fresh veggies in the summer.
i followed yay
How would you fare if the SSI system went broke?
see my blind with anger tweet regarding alternate methods of travel better than my last flight with Spirit. A pogo stick to UK?
#HappyMothersDay to all the Mothers out there
ALL YOU TUCSON LOCAL BANDS!! LETS SETUP A TURKEY BOWL FOOTBALL GAME! DOWN?
o lol my bad. Its weird cuz I cant retweet ur tweets.. What city are u from?
thanks for RT, Carl! Hope you had a great Thanksgiving!
Sitting in this room playing Russian Roullete. Finger on the triger for my dear, Juliet.
oh..I thought you dropped it in the cereal again! Well charge it! or dm me your house phone numbah,if you wanna tlk still
ok-figured it out. Can I still blame an education of wholly handwritten exams (1st time on internet post-uni 1999!) for my technostupidity?
oh okay thanks fam!! appreciate it!!
We all fear the unknown.
But they won't beat okc next round
There are only 2 people in the nation left with perfect brackets. WOW.
Thank you Amb. O’Keefe for sharng your thoughts on public service w/ our #Muskies during our Talk to an Expert webinar series!
This time last year I graduated from #UIndy. Doesn't even seem as if it's been that long.
is dying to be inspired at this workshop - instead I'm just bored
I need to clear my mind.
no school tomorrow , <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Feature Special
my docter told me that if i stop drinking coffee with coffee creamer i will lose 10 pounds, and if i stop drinking soda the same thing :)
What is your favorite ab workout?
You can have a desire you don't intend to act on. But you can't have a goal you don't intend to act on. Tom Morris
I admire Austin <U+2665>
I came in your Marlins hat
When a man is willing and eager, the gods join in. Aeschylus
36 states have adopted policies that allow schools to provide credits based on student proficiency
Record it..... weekends like this are too rare to stay inside!
so true! It's so bright outside!
what ever happened with ?
Dat U Are
they give you time to read?
Ed is jesus.
And its not even her birthday
Starts at 9 at Uncle Lou's!
MyMy...": Depression is an inability to produce enough neurotransmitters. A healthy gut makes enough. #wapfconf"
Great to be connected Peter!
#nycmer2012 I meant to send that last tweet from my personal account (this one). Oops!
captain crunch...m...good
#MobWives is the first show ever to cause me to feel bad for the production crew.
Nothing so far. Boo!
Thanks! Happy holidays!
I don't even look like that anymore lol
yay :) I didn't want to be alone either !
thanks man. If you want to order anything, use code SENDIT and I'll ship your order same day for free
"That was almost as high as we are" - Brian Anderson
I love Encruzado from Portugal. Could this be the next cool grape in WA State?
Bring back Vic & Gary!
u should join me and girl for beach day tomorrow!
It's fabulous. She'll watch it<3
oovoo with my best friend<3
we have off on thursday&friday
it's probably fine esp if it'll have a warranty. I love my mac and would never go back to PC!
Awh. I feel special. :')
i'm disappointed Aaron Rodgers helmet is as special as I thought it would be
Keys found!
U STILL AINT CALL MR.C...#STEP IT UP
Also a good reason to wait!
Happy Star Wars day everybody, May the 4th Be with you!
Some people just weren't raised the right way. I don't know how the parents fucked up so much for you to be like this.
WVU wins the Lambert Trophy, longtime symbol of Eastern college football supremacy #arizonawildcats Kudos
wtf...u only have 1 pair??
On the bright side, I found out today that you can actually borrow a cowbell from my library.
Trannys are so scary, they will snatch a bitch up.
List your company today to reach thousands of potential customers on the staffing industry's #1 directory at StaffingMarketplace.com
can u follow us please x
Detroit in Overdrive on Science Channel. What a great show. Pleasantly surprised. Every city in the country needs this attitude.
Ugh! Hate fake people!
Yaaaay!!!!! Go Christopher!!!! RT : Christopher is killing me today! He's trying to walk
Looking back at my 6th grade year, I'm thinking "I was so fucking annoying! How did I even have friends?!"
another quest with
Just like ticketing illegal church parking, right? MT we are not anti-food-truck. But regulations apply to all.
Waking up to pug butt and swollen glands might be connected.
thanks for sharing!!!
OMG WHAT TIME? :D
I have a great idea for a pizza.... pulled duck with green onion on a smokey bbq sauce, thoughts?
Check out #SandwichKing on today at 10am will be featured! The best pastrami sandwich in IL!
Pizza hut is so damn nasty
LOL. How is your running going??
So what happened with hurricane Irene?
my mum wont let me save a cat she's evol :((
RIM makes flashy debut of BlackBerry&#39;s new operating system for developers
RIP Whitney Houston. Thank you for so much wonderful music.
"Even if ain't all it seems I've got a pocket full of dreams"
shake that
Hate break outs -_- <
#SomeWhereOutThere Let's go
Glad to meet you online. Thrilled to discover that some of our #SVNteam members like you are #CRE social media leaders!
I'd like you, but let's face it. You're no So, goodbye.
Being the really old dude who sits on a bench at a grocery store just people watching and half asleep should be on everyone's Bucket List.
hello I'm here ,i'll take it also.
Things might not always go as planned, you still gotta make the best out of life. Turn the negatives into positives… Don’t allow anything...
Mindless TV to end my day #ftw shhhhh now, shhhhhh
I got the mic and you got the moshpit
same to you my man
let me know when you're ready for your birthday song...I've got a good one mustered up... :)
RT : Charity Preview is Friday! Excited to dress in our best and head to Cobo and the parties with !
Mezmorized by all these fake Twitter pages...
they really are bat-shit crazy.
Ready to get tan AF
I care. Lol
it is
I love watching the games with my mom. She cracks me up!...GO KENTUCKY!
- I'll do it for you, Ossy (that's what I like to call you - Ossy)
Rockstar Commandments 1. Thou shalt be addicted to sex, drugs and alcohol. (ie Aerosmith, Beatles, Rolling Stones, Guns N' Roses)
We're at #smbmad this morning! Who else is excited for Dogs on the Square on May 20th??
Just sent a #mamamafia email to my girls
91' Troy Perkins produces another save of the week. Count it.
Coal bin, vacuum cleaner outlets detailed on Reynolda blueprints, on view for
Congrats on your new book.
Pet peeve: People who sigh very deeply in hopes you'll ask them what's wrong.
You beat me to it!
Any other computer repair companies outside of the Reno area? We want to connect with you.
I really need to pay more attention to twitter instead of just popping in every once in awhile and missing all the biz
Think I'm gonna buy Tiger Woods PGA Tour 2013 so I can play with my kinect.
going to take the rapid downtown soon for dinner/drinks/conversation with my sweetie!
He just mkes my day better whn he texts me
Thats why soo quiet she gettn dripped on again and again lol
yes pussy
But now... Take your money and a traveler's bag. And if you don't have a gun, sell your coat and buy one.
-- May I have that name then?
To keep her to myself would be exceedingly selfish. Hence I have written a tribute that so inadequately describes her but I do my best
I'm not the owner. I work as their shipping director and warehouse manager and my partner models for them.
listening to Gamma Gamma "War Games" before heading out. Love it.
It stinks outside.
“: A record 20,000 Chelsea strips were sold in one hour today... On Ebay, by new Manchester City fans.” A different shade of shit
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092> & why is that.. And what friend
Dats Y Ion Trust NOBODY
I'm so sorry Carlanna! We've contacted the developer to address the issue.
If you have a minute check out www.d3xsoft.com to see what we are trying to achieve. anything helps! have a great evening!!
But part of the joke is that we're not supposed to take them seriously. I think the show is making fun of them.
Way to go Colts, wtf are you doing to yourself?
Thanks Spencer!
Ok I'll stop
Off to Royal/T to see what I can see. Austin Young, Squeaky Blonde, Meg Wolfe, Terence McFarland and many doughnuts.
Having a Portland styled 21st Bday, any suggestions?!?!
hi how r u?
did an interview with techcrunch the other day....
If you're in western NY, don't miss the Genny Cream Ale at its most freshest.
Uh oh...thesis troubles?
Gonna try my best not to be, Mom will help me too, she's got good instincts and the apple doesn't fall far. ;-)
Who says the #teaparty is dead?
lol sounds good to me umm wanna meet somewhere around memorial city mall??
but kudos, James for remembering how many years!
yes BUT! Why have any barrier to access for the average user? Is it just an attempt to collect specific usage data?
I'm on my way 2 see and the Wiz!
TY for the RT! #farmersmarkets are my FAVORITE food shopping site! Thanks for bringing back #slowfood and
One often sees a call only in retrospect. This too is God's design. God often reinforces our faith after we trust him, not before. -Ravi Za…
On Skype with (:
"I heard you standing there" -my brother. How is that possible?
ive bought a lot of ur products with ggreat SEO info. But is that stuff still usable after the last update?
Glad to be a part of the journey!
I could be gullible & give into that zodiac shit, but call be old fashion. But to me it just depends on the 2 people& if they really want it
Sad I #amnotwriting more today, but glad to be out on the town with my mom and trying on my dress!
Just got hit n dis punk Ass dice game... I b back tomorrow tho!
' Just seen some funny shit!!
Sure you don't want a chance to hang out with Playmate of the Year 2012?
Up early working on my second character design & story for my college application
tis a rough one, that's for sure. Haha so worth it though
#neverinamillionyears would I vote for Obama in 2012
Cleansing musical palette by listening to MLK Jr. - "The Best of the Speeches" & "Royal Best of" Lord Buckley. Deep Purple will return soon.
Is it wrong that I happen to do the same thing? lol
Happy New Year everyone!!! :)
If I text you first... Pat yourself on the back. Right now.
You earn your followers by having good relatable or funny tweets. Not by asking for Rts follows and shoutouts. but you seemed to.
I saw someone hashtag subtweet too so I was curious and looked it up it's when your referring to someone w/o saying their name!
Other things may change us, but we start and end with the family.
Physically back from honeymoon. Saw a billboard for Duke Nukem. Looking for other signs of the apocalypse.
awesome alliteration!! Your a man of many talents lol!!
hell naw I seen u the other week downtown drinking a big ass beer
SHE'S DONE THIS LIKE 5 TIMES. I SWEAR, SHE'S LIKE MY MOM.
Please, headline writers, could we have a moratorium on the phrase "Santorum surge" and the like?
smells much much worse
Atlanta Hawks are sizzling!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
I'll be watching sweetie! Go Giants!
Looks like Alternative is disappearing from the Phoenix dial... tons of rumors that KEXX (X103.9) will become "My 103.9" later this week.
Nicole... Sigh... Really? Don't you dare make this about you!
Hi Lynsey, if you want to support Charity Water this holiday season, you can! With the pungle.me app. Check it out.
Just got home bit tired. pc4pc or something idk.
I'm on my robin hood shit. Robing in the hood.
I don't know. I've always enjoyed the coffee shop/beer combo. It's been done at local shops for awhile...
Weezy look like he on something
now all I need is Britney to come out again with a leather suit and chain and I'll be ecstatic
i mean who couldnt use an extra $200... right?!
has REALLY great tweets!
A new week and a new month? I like the sound of that.
hail merry by 2pac.
In the next video diary - Zayn: I tweeted about my love for avocados and I've been receiving quite a lot in the mail since then..
Justin is creeping on 's account :) hurry follow her if you want to be followed!
First 4 days on sauce section done, now for some sleep...friday and sat off!
Need Som Ray Babies...
Watching Midnight in Paris. Really can't stand Owen Wilson.
My Corino/Funk DVD won't work... I'm depressed..
does anyone have any advice on how i can fix this? i can stil log in but it says error 200 everytime i want to go anywhere on his page.
This man on bait car just went in on these cops lmfao
Yeah no football is brutal so close but yet so far!
I dnt understand how girls can b SO "in love" with a guy they dnt truly know.they just think he's perfect,girls r a lil crazy over Justin b.
Seeking a Senior KM Analyst in Phoenix, AZ! MLS and SharePoint 2010 experience are required.
Thanks, I'll have to write that down.
yeah, they should have. Sigh.
lol when is the last time you saw boo? I'll eventually come around,I just have a few issues with people so I took a step back
Corner Bakery for breakfast! Yum! :-)
naw he deff fell off the reality show didnt help either
Just heard The Cure when the #ProBowl went to commercial
Good luck. Remember what you need to ask when you're feeling down. #WWJD ;]
Chara really looks out of sync right now. Bad reads, getting caught too deep, bad passes, giveaways. Needs to re-focus, #Bruins need him!
For a good play by play of tonight's #matchforcure check out
Kyle Washington will be at NBA Players Development camp at Virginia, the Stoudemire skills camp and the LeBron skills camp this summer
glad to see new choices in D13. Surprised though about no new schools in D14 given explosion of new homes in Wiliamsburg.
We can help with your #FastFoodAddiction by giving you over 200 free fast food freebies.
Forgive me???
it looks amazing.
It's a type of morning.
You crazy? Im SO glad Undertaker won.The streak CANNOT die!
Hilda, appealing picture
lol this game shows why the bulls will never do well in the playoffs
RT : Curious, who out there uses Kurrently, Trendsmap, Snapbird and/or Backtweets? Great search tools. Any other faves?
Not to sound mean but....Baggie Jeans with silver rodeo buckle, cowboy boots, wife beater, gold bling, doorag and straw hat. FOR REAL smh
"Let us dare to dream" <3
Colbert & Stewart rerun the show 3x the next day and is available online
Lauren's curling my hair....
Aaron Levenstein~ Statistics are like bikinis. What they reveal is suggestive but what they conceal is vital.
knock on wood!
Ever try to explain to a kid with Asperger's why he cannot say, "I'm gonna kill ya!" but his classmate can?
": Mcfaddens in Pittsburgh is the craziest bar I have ever been in but filled with douce bags." Thanks...I think
Did I REALLY just step in dog poop....walking through my hall?!?! #thisiswhyilove #cats -__- They poop in a box, not your hallway.
I said "Nice," which is playing nice.
So I went to sleep with my hair curly, and when I woke up it was straightened..
Ppl wonder why I dont fool wit dem like that..
Scary episode so far, including the scary thought of ever being interviewed by Sherlock. #SherlockPBS ^LG
Waterfront bike ride with the father. Good for my soul. Beautiful day,
": “Success is often achieved by those who don't know that failure is inevitable.”" Senior quotee <333
Same to you!
gimme some cookies
would love to meet you one day. You truly are a special woman.
how do you know they broke up? Did they tweet it?
Farmers Market till noon, still time to get ova here for your fruits and veggies!
i work mon wed fri and sat..finally gonna be makin some money
Of course. I picked Figgins first in my fantasy draft.
Get a Crock Pot! I wish I had one when my kids were little.
Please sing a lot. Lots of country.
Today is GameDay!!!
#SJP Varsity Baseball News: Monday's game vs. GTOWN FRIENDS is now at LaSalle University, first pitch 4:15pm -
84% The Hunger Games Thrilling and superbly acted, The Hunger Games captures the dramatic violence, raw emotion, and ambitious scope of i
Little bro, that's real good the news crew came out. Major moves for your showcase in the BR!
Is that you on the docket for the MLA Applied Technology and Trends Workshop?
First panel at the #LATFOB YA Stage 11AM: Brave New Worlds - Writing the Unreal with , , and Laura & Tom McNeal.
Drive Competition Entry: Cliff Martinez played drums for... #drive Red Hot Chilli Peppers
do i know u lol
Thx for the follow! Love your shows. Great preso at breakfast. Can't wait to share Daniel Tiger with my son. Cheers!
We just got a spam DM from you.
I absolutely LOVE that the icon is from soundtrack () ()
I expect to go somewhere fun with your winnings. And a puppy.
At church now feel good
Thanks! Yeah, just wanted to get the word out about that band more than anything!
sfjazz collective tday - utube shoot w jack conte & crew, gig at napa opera house, dinner at ubuntu. (natalie portman dining at next table!)
Learning how to use twitter....
To do list b4 fall semester: learn welsh, new blog, find job...we'll see how much I get done.
That looks (looked?) delicious! New alternative option for Sip 'N Squawk?
OKC is for real !
wow that is a tough one. a really tough one. RT : find me a pool hall spot that has good food in nyc
i'm sick of people using me for my money. best friends? yea right.
i dont care enough for all that.
Long day. Gnite folks.
But in the playoffs at least sum of that changes.
ahhahahha please do
thanks for the facebook love
Waiting in this line to get into myst...why the hell is it so long and its only 1130
what does it look like!??
Interesting comparison. We're not familiar with that particular flavor but you're the expert. :p
Thats Melo. No one else on that team could get buckets. And the Knicks are not discipline. Indy has been consistent all year
RT "The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others," - Mahatma Gandhi
I'll have to arrange one for us next time Im back in MIA then ;) So relaxing!
These are all just poor reflections of the original 2nd person plural: "ye".
I'd love to pick U up in the "Red Sled"...Going to Yellowstone/Tetons for Natl' Park Week, wanna come?
Surprised #MothersDayDelonteJokes isn't trending yet
I'm not sure I'd make a very good evangelist given that I've got a total of 266 tweets after 4+ years with this account.
Just set that as my wallpaper, pretty cool stuff dude thanks.
What did you do to ? He's hurt.
When are you opening? We'll be in Chicago in August and would love to stop by!
Foxhorn won @ iO West Cage Match last night!!! Come back next Thursday and see us put on a show!!!
RT 10:42 in New York....What Tim Tebow calls "bedtime" and the rest of the Jets call "appetizers".
I feel like <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Thanks for this lead for big v small. will pass it on.
you're welcome!
I've seen 50 clicks happen in less than a minute before, it really is a great thing to see
Big lips are a turn on ;) lol
Our friends at were featured on the ! Congrats! You can WIN this adorable outfit at our Nutrition Thru the Bump event
what are your favorite things to do around #montgomery #Alabama?!
That sideline shot of Mark Sanchez with a broken nose.. priceless.
We are too! RT : The new record may be my favorite of 2012 so far. Excited to see them next week !
lmao! Why he have to be all that! He might just be expressing himself. Lol
Burton no different MT : Seriously wet, grey morning. Definitely a day for indoor occupations!
Amazing friday night with lifelong friends & the spoils of their idyllic permaculture food forest lifestyle. (Fiddlehead sourdough pizzas!)
Liberty leads 1-0 after the first.
"Its not about you. You have to understand your audience, and executive sponsor. Are they a cat or dog?"
thru your family (if permanent residents or American citizens), your place of employment, the US military, thru marriage
421 Better Late Than Never! Come to Tea Pot Lounge for your $25 an 8th special.
Nosotros at Vanessie in Santa Fe this Saturday 7pm
hell yeah..lmao
Still campaigning for that Dr. Who gig, ?
that game is sik
Michigan with two unearned runs in the first.
And of course the toll booth person just wished me good morning. It's only 4:30...
If you're at #DerbyCon this weekend, be sure to stop by the No Starch table!
Excited to get fancy to tonight with my twin
#yougetpointsif you can sing and dance....and i mean REALLY dance. like waltz and twirl me around the room :)
NPR news is depressing because it lacks the obviously retarded false optimism of FOX news.
On a related note, Baltimore offers no advantage over other cities for starting an K12 EdTech company. Except it's cheap to live here.
I don't understand your relationship . . . I don't think you do either.
Seriously guy in the doctors office waiting room!? Take your phone off speaker I don't wanna hear your convo! Thanks a bunch!
Want to have sex?
Of course not. I am sure he thinks that the job of MY family and MY friends.
I had a crush on the same guy for 7 months, I don't even know what to do with myself anymore . . . FREEDOM
Both are better than Stewart!
I Have To Ask You Something Dm Me!
he..he...snowball.
lmao, find one for me.
I love you even though Hutch High failed you.
Anything that implies police violence against protesters is violence against the police. And THUS, ORDER IS RESTORED.
Been there RT Stop mid-song for 15 mins so the wedding next door can toast? End early so they can slow dance?
What is with Johnny Depp's accent?
#scms12 Doane: Kant: sublime is an attribute of subjectivity > infinity as a power within the subject
Dying your hair with koolaid -_-
I hate day 2's.
Just remembered getting a lap dance, friday night! lol
Have a good weekend!!!
I was so busy preparing to present that I'm just responding now! :P walker art center party tonight?
how I'm fake
Damn that sounds perfect RT : I want hot tamales, French fries, and Giordano's
Well, now I find I can put it off 'til Tuesday now! :D
start time works good for us on the west coast. What's up with the skipping iheartradio stream
Much love to you all!!!!
Damn Twitter Y ALL THE SPAM ????
Has John seen Vietnam in HD on the History Channel. I highly recommend it!
When someone tells me to have a good day I demand they provide me with suggestions.
" POCKETS FOR SNACKS!!!"
Pittacus~ The measure of a man is what he does with power.
Cuse calls a timeout.
sleep #tired. what to do later?!..
YES! Gertner is booked.
Intense game in Memphis! Go Clippers! RACK CITY CLIPPS RACK RACK CITY CLIPPS! CHRIS PAUL TO BLAKE GRIFFIN BITCH!
idk why i use the term "kid" to sometimes refer to those older than me
hey call this number 3625007 Jordan needs to talk to you ASAP!!!!!!!!
you better find me on hanging with friends!
wrap-up strategy meeting last night. thanks to for organizing 4 summer sessions and thanks to the attendees
A military plane has crashed in Adams Co, according to Adams Co Sheriff Dept.
apologies - missed your tweet in the rush this morning! Did you get registered?
Back to #recording the new demo tonight! It's all about #vocals in this session!
Wish more people lived by that code.
Tweet during dnd.Yeah.
Great day and all, but Jim Joyce still blew that call.
A lifetime supply of theCRICKETtoy to the next person to purchase complete set of Horns & Rhythm-Retro Hymns (it's my break even one) :)
I'm open to the possibility of hash whites.
oh but pwease?
NOW ROCKIN OVERTIME ON FRONT STAGE RADIO HELPING OUT AND THE CREW
What happened?
Welcome, Marley, my Wordpress twin! Thank you for the *like*.
We even have a network in El Paso, Texas! Check it out
I want some new ppl to txt...maybe it'll help get my mind off things..
big hoops weekend for your home state!
You got that right man Ravens facing steelers now and ravens got this
we're the cutest couple ever.
With the #outdoor #pizza #oven, you are able to cook a delicious pizza in any manner you want it without warming up your home with the oven.
True. Pre season means nothing! Now, for our first team to win out!
dear new followers, check out our music<3
Guidance of Losing Your Weight with Weightlosslover
welcome back to swimming :))
There's no use in memorizing my best friend's number cause that bitch changes number every 2 months
Hey, thx for the rt! how are you tonight?
I hardly ever use twitter but I guess for you I will <3
Reetweet this if you Remember Chatting with me and answering my tunes Question!:D if not.........then
Come to Carabar and and I will show you our boobs.
RT Loving my #Oikos Greek yogurt... and not just because promotes it! OK...maybe a little :) #donttellmyhusband ;)
Choose a job you love and you will never have to work a day in your life. ~Confucius.
Joseph Joubert: Imagination is the eye of the soul.
all the way to the hilt.
AWWESOME! thanks girl!!!:)
what level prestige are you? Lol
World's best and funniest Pumpkins
I need help using google anaytics with multitenant redirection in the cloud, is this possible? not clear from your webinfo
Hi Bobby, thanks for the follow! Do any youtube videos exist of your famous wedding dancing?
So do any of you know who might've painted that fake crosswalk at SE 10th and Ash in Portland? We'd like to talk to him or her or them!
Blasting Taylor Swift's cd on my way to work. Getting some weird looks... Who can resist singing along to Taylor Swift?
I already convinced both of my parents! haha So it's all up to you!
if i sent u a chicago bulls snapback.. would u where it?
Kenyon Martin is so gay lol but he's a #bearcat so its all good den
S/o to the money
The titanic comercial gets me emotional
“: Can you stop breathing? #itsannoyingme”
I MISSCHU TOO<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
I think, therefore I'm single.
aw that stinks - we had a very similar experience - such a bummer!
King appoints 9 chairs for US Senate campaign - RealClearPolitics
AMERIAN IDOL: Oh God! That's what AI needs, another joke like Taylor Hicks & Sanjaya Malakar, but it's Heejun Han.
I need Sonic 4 Episode 2 now!!!!
But what Asian accent???
A team of medical workers in Mexico were caught on camera as they dropped a donor heart being rushed to hospital for an urgent transplant.
Would love to--huge fans of yours!!
I validated my page and I have no error but the preview in a browser is a jumbled mess...WOW didnt George Walace do this in 1963
maybe I'm wrong, I doubt it, but maybe I am. In a year I bet there will be people asking my same question. I hope to god
haha I'm just here waiting for g to get out of his ap test and she's like you need to wait outside she needs a real job
Looking forward to the tips at #smbhou breakfast!
- you two still need some?
Drawing up the craigslist ad for my roommate search. This should be an adventure.
Congratulations to David Phelps picking up his first major league W
wild blond california girl with out of control sex drive wants u ;) cum n git it guys!
Yes, Laughton "the greatest child of all" - perfect. RB and childhood = a topic full of possibility. Has anybody written on it?
if i see anotha fool in a pt cap ima call you out.. get a regular beenie and wear it.. they $5.. wats the issue
you can comeover if you want it don't matter
sounds lovely!
Hi Barry, thank you :) I need to check out your site. Cheers. d
Korea has to be the best place in the world to drink - $1 bottles of Soju (rice wine) & good friends + drinking culture
I need 14 Followers !
One step closer to Haiti folks!!!!!!! Keep us in your prayers & just support Habitat on our journey for 2010-2011.
Great! We love KBB Luscious Locks too! :-)
Hi located in my home town! You come to mind as a prospective beta client for Shastic.com: 4 Viral promotion on Facebook!
Very exciting! Coffee one of these days?
A real man gives his lady the attention she deserves, gives her all of his love, calls her beautiful, and treats her like a queen.
Welcome & Congrats! RT : Just paid my deposit for UConn!
ask and ye shall receive. Once received, over it.
omg do that everyday. But then I see food and just o for it... :(
I feel funny. Sorry if my tweets get stranger and stranger. Roger vector delta one niner
dance for me babe? For my Bridal shower you can be my stripper.
I'm homeschooled:( wbu?? I actually live in Brisbane.
Wow, internet is that bad huh? Most people just download updates, you have to actually run them to the computer!
I will fight until the last day, & being proud for what I've stand for.
Lol...thanks! :-) I think there is some Irish in my family, along w/ German & Cherokee Indian...lol. Why do u ask?
I hate it when that happens! The worst!
It's crazy how so much can change in so little time.
we back in the A. thank you SoFlo for the hospitality!
We do dum shit outta boredom -_- . Cause we're not being productive
preciate it,,,b sure to check out sum mo of my Muzik,,,WingzOnaPlane
what's wrong with selling red-hot candies? that's what my twin sold in the 8th grade...
How is the shopping going? Do you have a go-to spot for shopping?
Get them included on the follow-ups list, you mean? Absolutely. Just send me a link.
I've never met anyone cooler than He's the best
congrats. It's over. Pissed... But good game.
still waiting for the day when i get to write my own bieberexperience :')
aww thank you!!! so do I. if he does then I'll be screaming my heart out
B-Dubs with this place is a
Medicine is a collection of uncertain prescriptions the results of which, taken collectively, are more fatal than useful to mank
"The Kiffin Effect" “: #AP #USC 10 #Oregon 9? Did I miss last night's game AT #Oregon?”
that's by far, one of the best country songs!
Which team (and why) will win on Sunday??? Post your opinion for a chance to win tickets to our all you can eat & drink special on Sunday!
This heat is making me airhead-dizzy-giddy. I want snow.
Fresh batch of Blue Point Oysters, Tried One and they are great. U can buy them by the each.
More grateful to God each and every day
www.soundcloud.com/evandstel ... Check out and new music !!
Pretty sure the organist at church this morning was playing the theme to "Jurassic Park" for the prelude.
Thanks! RT On the Table: $1 #oysters will be offered; each week different oysters featured from both east & west coasts 12pm-10pm
I don't ever want to wake up
My dad knows I only eat creamy chicken ramen noodles what is all this extra?
Teaching photography to 3-5th graders this week...
We had a great time at the #autism resource expo and walk this weekend. Thanks to everyone who came and spoke with us.
Peanut Butter Snickers are the best!<3 Its like Snickers and a Reeses. Combined.:D
- says it's the 22nd, if says it was Sun. then we all should prob drink a marg a day just to be safe.
You are very welcome ;)
Fuck ya!!!! My mom's taking me too the movies by the mall too check if Daniel Williams is there! I begged the FUCK outta her!!:DD
FUCK YOU YOU FUCKING PIECE OF SHIT. BLOW OUT YOUR ACL. WE'RE 1000 TIMES BETTER WITHOUT YOU.
Sasaparilla! That's not it there's an R..... Sarsaparilla????? Inappropriate????
almost done with this semester. I can taste it
When people try to get me to eat when I don't want to.
Heartache from what?
First 10 people coming to booth 7854 and mention this tweet @ #NRAShow can also receive exclusive "Freeborn & Peters Bottle Opener".
I looked at the site. Great! I'm eager to see how you feel about it. Please let me know how it goes week by week.
Headache... <grumble>
Hawaii Writer's Conference 2011 or bust! Have 2 buckle down evenings & weekends to finish my next book!
Everybody wants wants wants but nobody wants to give give give.
she did change it. I don't know why she deleted it!
Flat fee realty fees getting squeezed - fidelity flat fee down to $249
Love this!!! That made my afternoon.
It's Opening Day at the K, I'm up and on my way to the stadium for some early morning TV spots!
Love that! I wish you had been my chemistry teacher. Of course, that would involve a time machine.
The Spurs made 5 of their first 6 from 3-point range. Patty Mills has 12 points. The Spurs lead the Warriors 25-23 with 2:54 left in first.
you should play me on Draw Something.. I'm tay23_
No more perms for me!
We hid 467 eggs for our hunt today. The kids had a Happy Easter! Good luck to the parents this week. ;)
More #Fridayreads - Words to EAt By: Five Foods and the culinary History of the English Language by Ira Lipkowitz
If the opportunity is not given to me then I will take that it. Been had the proof in the putting
Reggae on the radio?!? I must be home #dmvlove I missed you so much! 93.9!
I suspect your reading comprehension is sufficient enough to know I was referring only to our conversation, not your life.
hahahhahahash that was honestly the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life!!
sup niggga welcome to the illmu page you just be sind up lol
MC Retro Rock has brought to life!!!
Inspiration never arrived when you were searching for it. -Lisa Alther
I didn't! That would've been awesome to have talked w/ her for the show. Maybe I can add her thoughts to the notes later. Thanks!
On The Border Catering can hook up any event with amazing, mouth-watering Mexican Food. For details, call 1-888-682-2287
The President is already working hard to defeat Romney. This going to be some shellacking in November
you know you're awesome when you straight up run over your invitation to prom
I'll drive up to HP tonight and investigate in the name of journalism
Lol... twit patrol??
Gearing up for the weekend? Be sure to come into EWC for a wax! We offer amazing waxing services from your eyebrows to your toes!
All of the above.
and a Big Nut Saltue to yours!
Only one man in a thousand is a leader of men - the other 999 follow women. -Groucho Marx
Calling all HU 1996 Black College National Champions & Heritage Bowl Champion players. HU is honoring you at Homecoming this year. Call...
we should celebrate with another one!
Aww, once again medium brown dog, you know exactly when to put your head on my lap
Gift cards make the perfect holiday stocking stuffer, so be sure to stock up tomorrow while they are on sale!
so can somebody update me on please.... lol been doin to much.... maybe I can catch up on a show or 2 tonight....
Really interesting meeting. Potential applications for , programming fundamentals, and mobile for enterprise.
I have every faith you will come out looking as gorgeous as ever! Xx
I gotta dig bick. You that read wrong. That awkward when you read that wrong also. And said "moment" after awkward.
Come to Portland, Oregon, Pacific Northwest.... ya dig
tru email us and we will work it out.
I'm really hoping the Josiah Turner signing is not an omen, SMU. Our bar should stay higher.
up at 3:36AM just watching videos of Justin hahaha omg
right here...got em
hey hey hey; good to see you guys on here this fine Friday morning
TAKE A VIDEO AND PUT IT UP HERRE
Why are some PARENTS acting like children? Like, in a bad way ...
That is what I need to do. And also reset the password for the online mail to something I will forget!
Deletin this account so bye bitches
Happy Thanksgiving! I am grateful my hubby is home with me this year, my kids are well, and I am able to live a life of constant adventure.
unfortunately not, sorry...
Being single is not an excuse to be a hoe.
Dude, I'm fucking hungry!
Who was the kid from st.x doing all back flips?
How do I go from 80 dollars to 25 in one day?! -_-
You could say one of two things: "call me sometime" or "let's hang out"
where are you that there is this much snow? we haven't had this much snow in Missouri.
To my husband I say "whichever way you go will be in the path of duty. You will think it right, and I shall be satisfied."
"what what" in the fight song. why does this abortion happen?
plus your goofy(:
Captioning production stills w/ legalese is not ideal. Watermark images if needed, then caption them with what they show.
Ahahah. Being around a teams fans is the fastest way to learn to hate that team.
Thanks man!!!!!! :) RT : has a nice tumblr check it out. and he is sexy too.
Our guest list is so close to the limit! We hope to see everyone there...
INgrooves' Robb MDaniels says: we've stayed away from the #SOPA debate. But we may have to get more involved. 's
Vote for your fav Choose to Matter project NOW! Voting ends Feb. 21!
LiLLiES DC also provides excellent offsite catering services and a great private room for parties and gatherings!!
Now following :)
Excellent, thoughtful piece, and a real dilemma ...
Well now its gonna really get crazy
OMG did you just use a sports analogy?! I'm so proud of you!!!
So I finally got around to activating my MobileMe account.. Now Apple is not accepting new members.
I am WITH YOU SISTER! Teaching, air travel & video are my three no-makeup exceptions.
i wish you would see all my #imagine tweets.. it would mean alot if u do,their in my favorites:) -anna (11)
From my Heart to yours, If no one ever told you. YOU are BEAUTIFULLY made#FLAWS&ALL
Christine Neuman-Ortiz from Voces de la Frontera talking about the fed judges decision that forces the legislators to redraw Assem Dist 8& 9
Oh dear. The awesomeness of hitting MVP Gold this week has been tempered by their 20 min baggage guarantee failure. 55 mins...
first, finding the right software and learning how to use it. Second, gathering the data to put in it. Third, copyright
Confused, but is this the kind of thing you mean: Beyer's Hopper bio, which is more about IT dev scene than abt her--?
4 aa nimh #mintyboost flies on the recharge. So cool. Saving up for an internet of things printer/assistant.
"LIKE"!!! Very well said kid!!
Jingle Ball Saturday Dec. 10th Baton Rouge. Doors at 7:30.
My mood right now: c'mere bitch. oh no im not gonna hurt ya just c'mere. *puches them* ASSHOLE
The President of the company send his wish and hugs!
these are how rumors get started..
Mish says I need to tweet more. She's threatening to take Twitter away from me. You have your Facebook and Pinterest! This is my lil home
Perspectives on Innovations in Healthcare Technology - May 08,2012 We all know by now that health-care accounts for more than 17% of
ohh I just understood that now after it was explained to mee
That's what the stoplight is for, though. It won't turn green and say "Go!" if it doesn't work.
Catching up on last week's Game of Thrones!
Thanks, Steph! We REALLY appreciate all your support.
follow me on twitter
well this is a #curtfive situation if I've ever seen one. ( that's a curtsy & high five combo we do cuz we're cool)
I'm officially unfollowing all the people that are asking people to follow them.
I really, really need it to rain tomorrow
Another legend. Dang... “: In total shock. Whitney Houston's gone?”
my boyfriend is a huge nerd. It's pretty hot.
Dreaming of my next vacation. First person to send me a pic of a hammock wins a free HOT DOG OKC t-shirt!
When people tell you they're going to do something but don't.. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
@ I-Drive Bahama Breeze enjoying the the last of my
Happy Fat Tuesday! Let's all give up beef this year!
oops sorry
Kobe might drop 50
RT : Art Deco clutch - only 20 on earth - p. 46 April issue. Art, fashion, vegan. It all works....
South is about as southern as a Kentucky Fried Chicken. Glad we bailed early. At least we won the best team name competition.
Gelatinous cube eats village. I think it's terrific...
I'm little..and white...
IT IS I've been awake like 100 hours it feels ...RT : Why does it seem like this day is draggin?
Thank you soo much you are the best I just want you to know you made my day :)
you are so right!! Football = Manhood.
You too, fabulous! ;-)
gave an amazing performance at the party. u came out in a coffin and it was everything congrats to yu!
Will be tomorrow night 10pm for the greatest hiphop show ever!!! Come out and have a great time!!!
Don't close your Heart because, of past hurts. -Open your Heart because, there's a love out there waiting just for you.
Cupid may be stupid, but he shot a big ol' arrow in MY behind! Wishing everyone a day filled with love and above all else, chocolate!
Magic Number = 27!
#toosoon RT Chris Brown halfback pass.
Yes, I agree. But we need to change grant culture to recognize importance of such endeavors & create funding mechanisms.
I used to think drinking was bad for me...so I gave up thinking
HOLY FUCK MUTANT FLY
Gorgeous! :) Where did you get them?
"It's not always about trying to fix something broken. It's also about starting all over & creating something better"
hey bill whats up man
lmfao all this FUCKERY! gettin a fat girl hopes up high!
Watching mob wives.
Grandmother gave me $20. Tempted to hit up sushi but julie works all night.
Not sure if there is an autistic wrestler, but there is a wrestler with cerebral palsy. His name is Gregory Iron.
Is getting looks ready for our upcoming fashion show
Good Morning! Awww thank you, we're all in this together :-)
“: Mifflin. T-minus 6 days. #IDontLikeWaiting” <<-- Get a sixer and sit on the curb. No rule against starting early.
my Lil sis then grew up
Why doesn't my insomnia ever kick in when I need it to???
Half Day Studio Rental Giveaway Every Month! To enter all you need to do is drop off your business card! 1201 S. Commerce St. LV, NV 89102
really?! Congrats boy!
#TeachersEdNat Our mission is to support innovative thinking and creative process by merging literature with music, art, video & ideas.
Good morning everyone and happy #TGIF!!
sing it gal!
. #Twitter doesn't #trend #occupywallstreet for 3 weeks but has Promoted tweets to sell t-shirts.
I wanna know who the hell is that Atlanta Hawks retarded owner, Sixers should be whooping his ass for making Kevin Garnett playing this well
the avail of buildable lots in Brickell is almost dry. I'd say take the opportunity. It's a beautiful bldg & desirable area.
I'll just drink straight from the bottle :p cheers
You're welcome. (:
WR Brett Swain has agreed to terms with the 49ers. Congrats Brett!
Thanks for the post.
Is this the death match for the #Republican Party > with it's schizo message? You know, Moral Majority finally killing Traditional Party?
Miss seening magic an city togathet
No problem. I do what I can to help.
Someone else has already implemented your business idea -> bad. They have already failed -> worse?
300th follower receives a FREE BOTTLE RT!
jake you suck
There but for the taste of cod go I.
So, my website got hacked. Luckily, is awesome and is killing the spammy/phishy stuff.
Research reveals eating more chocolate will lower your Body Mass Index, Katherine Hepburn was right!
Wtfffffffff Lol Stop Playing Hoe! QT : she was dykin and y'all was kinda close
On nights/mornings that I find myself awake way too early-I love reading articles on business, social media, fitness.
Hey I haven't talked to you in forever but I just wanted to say happy birthday chica :)!
BREAKING Santorum confirmed dead of pneumonia while fundraising in Nicaragua
Cross-eyes from car shopping...going to see watchmen to relax :-)
Ppl who come in to a restaurant 2 mins b4 they close need kicked in the fucking dicks..
where at?
"Wether you see him or not, you'll still be in his heart"
ugh my boyfriend is inadequate because he isn't making me this right now.
Enjoying Free Habit forming Online games Online - games online
Last night a edit/remix saved my life.
congratulations on this WONDERFUL day! Couldn't be more filled with joy for you!! Hate to miss, but my heart is SO there. xo
Hi chloe! :D
Looking forward to leading a social/search seminar for
giving me reason to go harder and upgrade the brand willing to help me out
Rt if you're an artist.
That horrible feeling when u know it will end and how shitty u'll feel when it does #herecomesdepression :(
good times
Just jumped into the
Much love for the shout! Thank you
they think black athletes dont appreciate the money like white athletes do.
You drive me crazy
#Congress: #Afterschool “provides a safe and educational environment for my grandchildren.”–Bonnie
I dread doing my DBQ.
I really like my nails now. aha
#TBRays take the lead in Toronto
It shouldnt be this complicated.
Ok. The exhibits at #Folklife2011 are great. Very nice and kid-friendly. Worth the trip.
Touching prezi by Dave Isay at #webwise. Power of the voice. Learned new term "brain bug".
fina go get a touch up i need some more ink doe
only one on the 21st the other three is either on Wednesday or Friday. I will keep you posted. You work nights?
Because AKC standards ruin functional dog breeds in favor of appearance
aww i enjoyed it. maybe more for the look and costumes.
So you're saying there's a chance! RT : City hadn't won since 1968 or so. One day Browns fans can go nuts like this
Somewhere, the Fridge puts his feet up and lights a cigar with his flaming #Terps diploma
I just found out my cat is going to die! :(
Hi Miranda,I hope you liked the Crystal Cigar Box Purse you received as a wedding gift I designed it! xoxox
it was awesome! thanks, y'all!
completed her food and exercise diary for 03/14/2012 and was under her calorie goal
um, some kid from like the 5th grade [who i hardly rmb] is im-ing me.. this is.. awkward. xD
Is there anything in this world more fun than a good game of electronic pinball?
luck pure luck
Since we reached 380 we'll release one person being interviewed soon Anyone got questions for her? :) Send em in!
Simpsons Magic Episode tonight! and AMA magic awards out West!
How was the convention did you go fam?
Drake's in town, but I don't get to see him<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
bought his first pair of running shoes, in anticipation of, well, running.
Taylor back in for Brueser, who exits the floor looking to be in a bit of pain
RT : #carmelfarmmrkt Spend a dollar at the market with local businesses, your dollar stays in the community.
players now are just too big and too fast.
I can't! I'm in too much of a good mood! :3
Why are you talking so loud so the whole train can hear your wank phone conversation?
Had an amazing time in Portland, not sure I wanna leave
Princeton fans still saying they were the closest
The corsets and bustiers! So many beautiful colors. Always great sellers at Wicked Temptations
I just wanna do you in the paint. I wanna make love to you in the place. Rollin around in the mess we made. (;
Oh sweet fgkbxc
Thank you so much :)
I feel like Natalie Portman's character in GARDEN STATE today. I tug my ear but no one's catching the signal.
I'd rather be underestimated then prove everyone wrong than overestimated and disappointing everyone...
Debuting my charity shirt tomorrow at the gym, 5 AM. Now I just need to get to sleep.
Just want to every one a safe and fun weekend.
Happy birthday to my nephew!!!! And gramps!!!
what they really want to say 'all my drinks were paid for, the girls were all hot and I was promised a starting role'
Not this year, I'm in Idyllwild until late today.
New Client website has launched www.jimaustinonline.com
My hair just might be a disaster in the morning.
Can't wait to move in my new place but in need of a car.
hahaha! It's made me curious to find out why dogs even do it.
I had grey hair when I was 17. Life.
k jus let us know!
idk what to eat for breakfast
haha that shit goes hard. you was gettin it in ha
Startup Weekend Honolulu's first night was great!! Met awesome ppl & got more clarity. Definitely recommend it. Energy high, can't sleep.
This #fridaythe13 was pretty good
Hey what's up bro
Legs hurt, headache, and its raining: todays going to be a sucky day!
Oh, to nap again someday without being ambushed by kids.
Can make you feel so small <U+266A>
trying to locate projectors for a show Aug. 24-Sept. 28 at Big Medium. If u can loan me one please let me know!
How are you creating leads and opportunities? Collaborate says
Did anyone just see just that fan go on the floor in LA/Denver game. Throwing her stuff down as if she was going to play.
u r a lifechanger, cant get the retreat out of my mind!....sn:got my mrs. dash "salt-free" LIVING IN THE ZONE!
On the Canadian side & still getting free 3g coverage. Yay
it will be commission based and a set amount for game day help.
follow us.. or pay the consequence.. BEING JAMMED TO DEATH
how about nelly
Another night, Another dream, wasted on you.
I know, its been a minute since seeing you!
hi I sent an email on Thr but got no response. I didn't include my address - should I ? Wishing you a great day!
Greatest Times, Wildest Things,Creativity Ideas In Your Life. Make you happier, Alive, lucky, bright like sunshine. Live within happy times.
Home from a very good game but just watched the end of a #classic Phillies/Giants game. Cliff Lee and Matt Cain 19 shutout innings
play big freedia's booty battle & post a screenshot of your score on the event page. highest score wins two free tickets to Big Freedia...
Many thanks for the RT & getting the word out!!!! - The B Side
Goodnight my friends <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
haha mi kuka bella <3 love you, thank you!
#Vegas what's good though?
#np I got a thang for you-- #MagnoliaShorty R.i.P Ma
GIVE ME A SHOUT OUT !! AND CHECK UR MENTIONS !!! :)) SHOUT OUT FROM ME
Set up the #slackline at midnight in the #snow with and friends in #vanwa; good times followed
I miss you too ! Please let's do drinks soon
I LOVE Stay Too Long
she will get somebody better than me - a mayor or a rep. or somebody like that
I feel like crap -_- ugh sick
I love you in a pedophilic way
I'm trying to force myself to like orange and yellow gummy bears. I can't do it.
Great day at prac blessed to be here
remind me to show you the scars xD you'll read about it in the journal, the story behind my pain >.< & I already did :D
Don't look into the past; because you've already been there. Focus on the future since that's where you're going.
U.S. Home builder sentiment improved in May to the highest reading since the recession on an upturn in sales and traffic.
thank you! He's really cute!
Don't miss Mequon's Health & Beauty Expo. Wednesday, May 18th from 2-7 pm. RSVP at www.quintessamedicalspa.com
normalcy is overrated.
gettin kinda depressed....
its true tho
bummer. Have a great night!
#WhenIWas13 I had my first love.. just kidding, I was only in 7th grade.
Fill in the blank: Today would be perfect if __________.
Gary Brackett put on the IR as well today. Tough day for the Colts....or is it? #suckforluck #conspiracy?
Half priced on all bottles of wine tonight!
BH Trivia Q: What is the African American cultural holiday developed by Dr. Maulana Ron Karenga? For answer visit www.AmericanLegacyMag.com
WE appreciate your RT of our RT. :-)
I can't imagine SNL without Kristen Wiig! Ah :(
Another happy Frankenmuth beer drinker. ENJOY!
Poor Jesus. Bless his heart
Great fight guys!!! Both of you put on a great fight :) Carlos on top!
So excited to be at court to challenge a parking ticket. Whether I end up paying or not it will be cathartic for all DC tickets I paid.
Pray for Japan! Yet more tragedy for those folks.......
followed bro
The Rage have always said that we're a family and that wasn't more evident then on Friday night.Congrats to Rage originals the Spaciels
who gets to hit their coworkers with paintballs? we do! check out our Facebook page for video of the paintball war we had yesterday!...
I want to jizz on your face
lol..how true!
i really need out of this place anyone wanna help before i become homeless? need a place to stay
Cherish your visions and your dreams as they are the children of your soul, the blueprints of your ultimate achievements. - Napoleon Hill
thanks for following ty!!
Could not be happier that is here!! :D
hi cutebutt c:
Bruins vs. Predators gametime 1pm stop in!
Ah!! Someone from a 12 step program keeps texting me and saying I am -4GVN- and that I am a living stone! What!?!
thank you sir.
I wanna go!!!
& making one of those fan page things = hilarious so no.
300th follower will get a S/O obviously(:
Am i the only one that still loves the song "Call Maybe?"
I WOULD LOVE TO WE NEED TO TALK!!!
need to put their end of the season skid behind them and start playing with some intense playoff lacrosse!
#fa435 color scheme and logo designs are done. still need thumbs up from group. web design in the works.
Overheard on the street, mother to a little girl: "I would shove everybody out of the way to get to you. Don't worry, baby."
I'll bring you a slap in the face! RT ": bring me some mutha fucka!!!!”
did you end up going out last night?
Love makes you do crazy things
oh hi
where you at girlie??
Never knowing when you'll see him next <
Scott Brown has received more Wall St funding than any other senator.
Working on a YouTube channel for y'all! Can't wait to start giving y'all some vids! This channel's gonna rock!
We're doing our cultish Rock Chalk chant now. Even frightens me at times.
ha. too funny... that's how i know it's time to wash my jeans.
Loneliness is the #WorstFeeling ever );
we're like a hyphen and minus we look the same but we're diff'rent cuz you just make words connect but I'll subtract you this instant
College football is a sport that bears the same relation to education that bullfighting does to agriculture.
ride was ok. although i was THAT guy who forces the pace from start, then turns off early. now 2aday: 50m bike + laser tag w/ 7yr olds
Go Phil!!
thanks for following me man, hope you like my artwork
Love it - every step is part of the journey.
I think that was more about the libertine attitudes of French Canadians. Definitely an interesting reaction from Sally. Good EP.
Blippar, its an augmented reality scanner that brings advertisements to life!
"The #Farm #Bill and Me: A Love Story" - Mark Muller,
Will someone please go to rancid with me Sunday?
Feel Alive
In awkward situations, we all pretend to text.
For every sale you miss because you're too enthusiastic, you will miss a hundred because you're not enthusiastic enough
aww love you more!
He hugged Goodell like that was his dad. Lol
3 weeks and several heartbreaking "Oh, So Close!" living situations later, I am STILL looking for a decent place to live in SF. For Apr 1
I know exactly what I'm doin in life and if ur not helping, thats when I keep it movin
is quickly becoming Baltimore's home for house, techno, bass, Moombahton, & funk! Come check us out.
F the heard... and Clemson too!
Which one?
Just read your book - loved it. Happy new year!
Drats! I missed out on The Ultimate Lean Startup Bundle. I guess I will just have wing it.
I think these villages in Saint David Parish need some playgrounds. I wonder what I could do to help make that happen within a year or so.
hey! You singing?
Alone like I said .....tired of this ugh
Laying bed thinking to myself "something is missing here..." if only he was here with me right now, it'd make everything better.
Welcome to Twitter. I believe Hell has frozen over!
We always enjoy ourselves when we are there and the wait staff is always fantastic
Thinking about the CL final: ideally it'll be Cahill-Luiz at the back, but if one of them can't put Mikel back there
Chick fil a, concert, then #Avengers :)
Good morning,sunshines ...:) have a nice day and a success new week <U+2665> :))
Walking thru a parking lot & an older guy drove by in fancy car, suit, music blasting. I got a HUGE wiff of his cologne on his way by. LOL
Thanks! Who doesn't think Angostura bitters is a staple? Cheers and have fun at #MCC2012!
My grandma it's talking it's interesting lol
with ass in chemistry.
hopefully the Easter bunny will replenish my FanDuel account after yesterday.
well everyone hates monday so remember when i said my cousin came
he's not lying
love ya too! (: glad to be back. xD i like how every other tweet on my timeline is 1d related nowadays. lilly likey. :P
What's worse: the self-proclaimed wine expert of the self-proclaimed sushi expert?! Thoughts?
Going to appointment
ROC BROKE HIS ARM!
stop drop & roll s on fiyahhh.
good...went to Oedo Island...they have got a botanical garden to die for...even better then ones in the US....it was awesome
thanks for asking! I am having a great day with my daughter!
Fun! RT Pajama party at the Sacramento Zoo! Zoo admission is free on Christmas Eve 12/24 10am-1.30pm, wear your best pjs!
Yum!!! I love caprese! RT : I made myself a Caprese salad for lunch. OMG yummy.
she loves pikachu more than her boyfriend
Kids are at the museum, so I'm going to pass on crashing the party. Safe travels back! See you soon!
": Lol everyone's asking about the other special guests for May 5th.. There's a reason why they're "special" guests ppl!" Lol
Gurlll, you win..... by the way, I LIKE YO DRESS!
officially a part of the team in my youth group going to Joplin, MO this summer to do mission work. so excited!
"Making a plan and sticking to it guarantees a suboptimal solution." - Andrew Fitzgibbon via Michael Allen
OK let's try Hangout. I'll ping you later on...
O my god Becky look at her butt Tunechi!!!
MORNING TOPIC...SQUIRRELS..HEY, HAVE MR DOOCY CK THESE SQUIRRELS OUT..www.flattenedsquirrels.com
Happy #Mothers Day to all of you beautiful Mother's out there. May your day be filled with big hugs and lots of love.
Let's do this again! RT : Yes planning on doing it monthly- send topic suggestions and stay tuned!
3 ppl today so far.
Hey, that's not nice.
don't you love the nike + gps, i use it with my spotify app too so i can listen to anything, the fbook sync didn't work for me
4.0.6 is out. I'm marking it Beta since I'm tired and might have messed somethings up. Added tooltips!
Hey #Memphis : We are not pleased with our internet service...who do you use?
Study from Univ of Wiscon.grades access to healthcare,healthy food,how long we live.SD ranks 18 of 56 CA counties
Just got a laptop bag/wallet/purse make-over -- thank you fashion valley in SD! Fabulous customer service as always.
Thanks for linking up on my post earlier! :)
Dear pathetic loser that attacked Justin, Justin has more people behind him then you ever will..
Hi ! Noticed that you tweeted about your high electric bill. I think we can help-have you ever considered prepaid electricity?
just saw your video prediction on Sanchez, assisted by Messi. Your like a soccer version of Mystic Meg!
RT : “: Congrats to all of the #Varrow folks who made today's #VM12 event a fantastic one. Jessica rocks!” +1000
All i ate was ONE bean & cheese taco, & I'm already full? Why have i been getting full so fast lately? :o
Good Morning World,
Don't worry. You're entirely justified ;-)
So how did it go?'
That is why I refuse to buy one.
Brant Torres asks about the drinking scenes in Franklin Evans in relation to privileging of "open orifice"...
So proud of for having three whole tweets!
I know question was not directed at me, but no, it wouldn't have counted. Game "re-sets" to the time the Sabres goal scores.
betch block me
Trying to match the beat someone across the gym is clapping to because you're that bored. #fuckme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I know three different people in Vegas for three different reasons tonight. Feel like I'm in the wrong city.
Vegan Pumpkin Pie is good, I'm making 2 for thanksgiving.
It would be silly not too! RT I want a pair of Jordan sandals
Hey everyone #Follow Great place for you and all your friends to come check out. #FollowBack if you love this place
when I was twelve
Police are searching for the husband of a woman found stabbed to death inside her Burlington home on Thursday.
Bibby gonna be a key for us this game lol
Btw, this is going to keep happening for a couple hours. Sorry....
the flash powder from my old timey camera charred them.
can't wait to see
Oops! Typo alert - of course should be
Need 2 booth workers Get MyTalk next version, Workspace, attend CSUN sessions. Demo in booth 4 hrs Friday&Sat
what's the nature of the difficulty?
hahahahahhahahaha! I would be up for dranks AND Frank's! Let's do it! Fingers crossed for more #Pens action!
exactly! Maybe better to not have this type address you at all.
Damn it! I missed Mad Men yesterday. Is it on AMC's website?
Yes. Everyone who is tweeting is using
Just finished washing my baby
I have a lot of questions about this that I'm just going to let go.
Somebody fucking come over!
Can't believe it's already May.
haha yeaah sorry about that...nothing I can do there!
With Santorum standing down his campaign we'll now begin to see a vision for our Nation take shape. - JDG
Day break
Can't wait to have the whole Harvard Sailing Team on the show tmw night via Skype! We're so 2011. Plus $3 beers all night long! 9:30
pretty cool stuff
RT If you want something you've never had before, you have to do something you've never done before!
he says ur welcome. and he gonna help me with my chapters and stuff 2day. and he gonna help u tomorrow
Sometimes you wish you didn't have posters on your wall cause you feel like they're watching everything you do.
Did my homework in geomatry... First time all semester :D
Got a HUGE announcement for my law practice coming next week. Ooohhh, the suspense!!
WANT TO AUTOMATE TWITTER? Auto-Follow, Auto-Unfollow, Auto-Tweet
Went more of you lord
I missed #StyledByJune on monday but please tell me it's coming on next Monday because I love your
Relax and enjoy the rest of your weekend!
No one got me an Easter basket or Easter bunny this year :( poop
stop being so serious Diego! :)
The best thing about making champagne cupcakes is drinking the extra champagne while baking them.
RT : Thank you everyone who has purchased my songs from iTunes! Your support helps me to keep making music!!!
Excited to have a new gym in CA, mine is getting a little old after 2 years. Regardless, im off to the gym! #working out
customer service=FAIL. After eight years as a customer, I'm jumping ship for another company.
my youngest son has wanted to run away twice in the last two days. Mother of The Year, 2012 - here I come!
miss u too! I miss everyone!!
Every generation needs a new revolution. Mine starts now!!! — Thomas Jefferson
I am fine my dear thanks. And you??? Love u so much :*
Be here this Sat @ 1 PM 4 the tasting. Pick up some of their drinking chocolate in Original, Mint or 6-Spice while you're here!
_!-||! G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
SORRY PEOPLE IF IM SPAMMING U GUYS WITH THE STALKING APP ITS doing its by its self not mee <3!!!!!
how many girls from Dripping Springs have you dated at this point?
UT officials give the "all clear" following shooting incident today, but campus remains closed. TDL will resume normal hours tomorrow.
OMG they are that juss made my night lol
Check out this special announcement by www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZB_14PI_qP0&feature=youtube_gdata_player
Heading downtown to testify to the DC Council on 2012 budget. A 40% cut to collections budget is dearth nail for public libraries!
Have finally realized that when you die, it is the end of experiences in this body. I honestly had not figured this out in 54 yrs.
We came in as first runner up in the New Media Film Fest's Audience Choice category.
RT : Jon Bon Jovi is not dead, nor has he been shot through the heart. Your to blame Twitter. You give news a bad name.
wish all pussy taste like that
Business Costso today from 11 am - 2 pm 222 MLK 89106! Stop by and get a cheesesteak and some Italian Ice! It's a great day to be hungry!!
When one gets sick they all get sick
i think he has sweat on his ass, and his pants look like 68 year old farmer boy pants.
Cheers for the #ff bro
First time since the TD I've seen LaMichael run with purpose and power. Maybe it's cramps, but they need a star to STEP UP
Mamas boy:)
no, he wont reply so whats the point ?! Lol
Did the #P90X legs and back workout. Capped it off with #AbRipperX. Now it's time for bed.
My boyfriend cute
I live in a town that people come from but never go to.
Congrats, for being selected by Detroit!!
Help Us Spread The Word. Were Tryin To Reach 1,000
#thingsIdislike -- waiting more than 20 minutes for the
Damn it's cold, but it could be worse. So, no complaints.
i hate waiting around -_- im wasting my good looks here.
Trying again. I hate when I have to eat at holiday inn. Not cat!
Omg kid at Conrads, stop talking on your fucking iphone. Your voice is annoying as hell
even better on the replay. Got to see those golden locks in slow motion.
Thanks, stealth! I've got editing coming out my ears!
LIVIN IN A LONELY WORLD
Working at the Capitol has made me fascinated by domes. Do you have a favorite?
Catch the latest news on service and therapy animals news! Visit our blog at: www.crtasa.blogspot.com
Next Principles' app for measuring social media has nice data vizualization using D3 javascript package
like the portrayal of Lord Tywin in
Love u even more after this tweet RT : Seen more of guys in studio than the players at super bowl. Z hurry up music.
Thanks for listening!!!
"Pretty face or fit body?" Niall: "Pretty face." Harry: "Yeah, pretty face." Louis: "Definitely pretty face." Liam: "Face pretty.
#Thankstomyex ...i hate carrots!!! >:(
So close to 100+. Give me a shoutout!!!!! :)
can somebody tweet me the calico vs ored battle!! plz
Just watching where #Irene goes. Where the wind blows, nobody knows.
<U+2640>Always be aware that there are some people that celebrate your weakness and downfalls<U+2640>
I might as well get my hair done its a beautiful day for it. :-)
maN RAIDERS WON WHO
i really don't care lol fck it '! :)
I hope isn't watching this unfold...
Work was crazy today but ii got thru it. Lol
Merry Christmas Everyone have a nice wonderful holiday with your family and friends and get x-mas present enjoy your Christmas :)
Money,power,respect
I wanna skip school so bad tomorrow but I need to prove Mr. Spite wrong... So I can't. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A0><f0><U+009F><U+0094><U+00AB>
Need This JOB Bad
you and both! I'm craving a Carmel macchiato <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
#FoodFirst Kids will make their own fortune or create a sad future 4 themselvs as they grow up, but 1st they need food 2 grow up.
That guy just asked me if I wanted to help him kill someone. True story.
and that was Bodemeister to win, not to wit. Or to wit, Bodemeister to win. Or something like that.
How's Your Wednesday!?
I have an ARC of Wonderstruck in my bag! It's going to be a great weekend!!
My wife goes to Ballys. They used to have water aerobics but no swimming classes.
Imagine if we could do something similar for the cause of the 99%
I vacuumed the vacuum cleaner just now. I am just a Postmodern guy.
why is there a coldwater creek dress in the new Good Housekeeping that isn't available on their website? Hate that.
Yes, but I doubt if you assessed your favorite movies of all time, it would be in the top 10. I assume!
you laced it fam!
Man in security line behind me has on the tightest man-pants I've ever seen. Yes, even tighter than Russell Brand's.
I'm about to smack you in the face if you transfer me to one more department. You booked me on a flight that DOESN"T EXIST.
He will never call us out where we can not go. Fear is just a feeling- NOTHING MORE... Continued next tweet
- thanks for the follow!
just checking to make sure we are properly signed up for the entire competition. Team "ritemediagroup"
Haven't had a whip-it since college. It froze to my lip. No 911 for me though.
Feel great with green today! Optimize your diet with green fruits and vegetables.
Yay my cousins r coming over!!!
RT : Everyone has a teenage crush << Oprah...
#ReplaceAEminemSongWithPizza pizza bound
Tired, it must be almost 2:00 naptime, there must be a doughnut out there with my name on it. Sunshine would be nice Pia.
Agree. We need more from our government. Not less
Ithaca College sweatshirt spotted on the Bedford Ave L platform!
About to have a meeting with my boy from #Interscope about labelzero.com 's new studio buildout.
You've been through more laps then the Indy 500
There's only 13 shopping days until Christmas! Also, don’t forget our storage boxes are 20% off until the end of the month!
made some tweeks, now recording a new track for produced by ...
Thanks for the RT today!
The kid three seats behind me on the bus is listening to nirvana... I have my headphones on and I can still hear his music.
hmm I haven't had theirs yet. I guess ill try it tomorrow.
You a stupid hoe.
lmao. My mom still refuses to accept how old they are xD She said Jjong was the best looking one... And she thinks I like Key
When life knocks you on your knees your in the prefect place to pray<3
So were cool
Love makes the world go 'round. Happy Valentine's Day, everyone!
Very well said! When you put yourself in the public eye you should prepare yourself for criticism.
You get discounted prices for brother ink cartridges, inkjet printer cartridges, Canon printer ink which offer higher print yields
Making a super funny video me and my friends. WHERE ARE U????
your welcome:)
I’ve run into that before, more often than I like. It completely baffles me.
I hate when Twitter spam infiltrates Infiltrates my message box. Grrr.
Come on patriots!
#iLikePeopleWho help other people
laugh my butt off!
Home! Epic first trip to Newport seafood & wine festival. Shut it and the city of Newport down. Can't wait for next year!
Twitter is blowing up with the Ryan Bruan news, wow. I wonder how many mentions per second...maybe a good question for ?
Yay! Enjoy those four paid vacation days!
I'm just happy to have a tweet people are replying to
It's hard to believe that the series finale of #DesperateHousewives is tonight. So long, Wisteria Lane...
When I believe and know in my heart that everything is really alright, immediately everything becomes alright for me. I claim it now.
Going to paint my nails black
Why should anyone care about the rants of Mel Gibson or anyone else for that matter
great place to live and party
Thanks for following. Willkommen to Newark Twinning!
SIMRA open house Saturday
Tweet me?(:
Awesome! (As long as you don't marry Tom Cruise or his ilk.)
If you're sexy & you know it, put your hands up. :)
Should be!
And Check Out This Website I Made
RT "You never undermine authority especially commissioners dammit!" Oh sorry, did I get that wrong?
lol nothing just giving you shit lol. What are you up to?
Attend Tuesday 5/22 8am @ #wawlive: Why is #Compensation Foundational to a Great People Strategy?” w/ &
Big win for the Bulldogs over the previously Horizon 3-0 Panthers. Twice were down by eight or more, resiliant is the word for this game.
I think it just sunk in....And I know that I have to have it...Now and its gonna take effort but It'll be worth it!
I think I will write a column on my blog about this with everyone throwing in their 2 cents. I would say the rocky theme song.
Internet laziness*
Thanks for following David
Yes, yes, 1000 times yes. RT : We can bring theremins out to joshua tree with us, too.
How freaking difficult can it be to get the phone number of my pharmacy off the internet? Apparently very.
I haven't seen them since 2006 so I'm really excited!
Where? I see no snow.
why do you have best tweets of life
The Chapter 11 theater. ha!
Been an interesting last couple of days.
what remark?
Feel better. Amazing show in NYC!! By the way do you know any young guitarists looking for a permanent home?
Big ups to anyone that came out to the Roller Disco on Saturday. It was a blast & a 1/2!
So sorry to be out of touch these days. We are in the midst of a huge number of briefing projects!
Fare increase will allow "additional rush hour service during the peak period, to improve bus service, and to improve maintenance,”
awww! You're so sweet
I would love to get a birthday shout out from you,but you probably wont see this!
i am so bored. been listening to ed sheeran all day. lol
My husband just made pizza bites. They smell yummy. Just gotta say no. lol
Why I would make a LOUSY photojournalist: I was front of the Cathedral, TAKING PICTURES, and got no shots of the passing police chase.
interesting... I feel the exact same way about something else.
Is it true you eat Legos ?
Why cant guys see the beauty in every girl in this world, we r all beautiful but apperantly they cant notice the beauty in us:(
NVMe is a standard to access PCIe SSD cards without custom drivers.
I wear My K-Swiss!..
FOUR TRIBECA DOCS: FROM ZEN TO MADNESS TO SEXY ...
Sure could use a Winnipeg loss...
when are you back in SF, patitties?
I fucking love , yellin' at bitches at school...makes me laugh.(:
Good sleeping weather...
Btw, I am following babygirl now T. She came up as a suggestion. lol
RIP #JuniorSeau Junior Seau confirmed dead... Our thoughts are with the Seau family.
Can we just fast forward to Thursday afternoon pleasee.
changed my icon :)
like MOVIES and Apple store downloads?...lol...CORPORATE ART...lol
Why can't it be Spring Break forever?
The only guys that I think are hot are celebrities
You know, the longer the Lakers stay alive in the playoffs, the longer we have to hear from Laker fans. You sure you want this?
omg, when did you follow me? THANKS <3 ......freaked out, nice youtube videos ! (:
I'll tweet you with a photo of them! :)
you know I did! All the way from here in America
Funniest and Coolest Boston tweeters are and
Nice website, sir.
Stop popping THAT GUMM !
Rebel America Inc. lands song placement for UK's "The Jeremy Kyle Show". - Web Ad. Congrats to songwriters Stephanie Wallace & Elijah Mills
"Not me ,but ill will be watching : Who havin a viewing party 2nite for part 3 of the RHOA Reunion @ 9pm on Bravo?"
best to you too! I'm sure your fellows are stellar!
Okay I quit for the night! Forget this dam paper!
made #ThinkLikeAMan worth seeing 2x! Funny film; good message!
love it when a plan comes together
It took me too long to finally give in and watch the KONY 2012 video. I'm now fully on board. We can make a difference!
Finally gonna see the avengers <33
Freaking Love That Movie. RT )
good tweet...
Wow Dallas needs to pull it together
H-G: Discussant praised modeling, reminded us of the importance of testing archaeologically in the field, "it's what we do"
Nearing the end! Cheers to #FatTuesday! Happy #MardiGras!
Um, dude, you already have a ticket for tonight, don't you?
Me: I like your ass. Austin: what. Me: I said I see that grass. Austin: there is no- Me: have my babies.
Sadly my org is on hold. But would love to connect, regardless!
i really like kenneth faried
today we will be in the pearl if you want a sample of our product. let me know
There is no better way to enjoy a day with family and friends than being on the water. It's time to go boating! Weather is primed for it!
Wondering how accomplished the women of the feel to see their names appear on the big screen for first time.
aye delete my music page for me bruh
I'll argue that his MOH eps were passable, but I guess this gripe is really aimed at his features.
Good morning Villagers! I can see the sun peaking through the trees
“: As soon as we stop worrying, a solution pops up. ~ David DeNotaris” So true!
Talbot coming across the state now too.
just might be the original illest. sry you may have to settle for #fashionELITE haha
lol what i do
tks a lot. I just read it briefly and I think this might help. :)
i oh yeaahh
AT&T criticizes DEMEANING SONG PARODY, PULLS ADVERTISING FROM kdwb rADIO
School = out. Starbucks = in.
Good Morning! In order to be effective truth must penetrate like an arrow--and that is likely to hurt. -Wei Wu Wei Enjoy your day!
Doing some shopping for a washer/dryer and hanging out some...
^.^ you give me butterflies ;)
Frankie Cocozza only it for the girls and fame I don't like him.
Miss Pixie’s Furnishings and Whatnot, 1626 14th St. NW for 5 window dances by DC choreographers. TONIGHT, 4/29 from 6-7 pm.
Just bought a pair of Jordan Retro Ones all white and carbon fiber.
I'm sorry for all the lies all the hurting all the bullshit I've put you through just work with me and see my change and know I'll be by you
So ready for Friday
C's taking me on Tuesday!
Okay this is fucking boring.
HAPPY HALLOWEEN
Running solo or with someone else? Do you wear a watch, Garmin or anything else like it (ie, smart phone w/ a running app)?
The phone, the phone is ringing...
just got done eatting!
After hearing on you'd think "LAUSD" stood for "lewd acts unified school district".
For Leap Day, we are cleaning JUMPsuits, for free! Bring em in, to EcoClean, 2915 Gualalupe
Trust me, any dream where I end up pantsless = really weird.
oh yes I did!
Let the record show that I did not partake in the act of consuming cocaine, but maybe certain herbal supplements.
is on He seems just as/more hyped as ever!
That's dumb. Come watch movies with me!
In all of recorded history (with exception of the Aztecs) there has never been a group more dedicated to killing babies than
Game over....back to being curled up with a good book on a chilly Sunday night. Returning to South Padre Island tomorrow.
Stolen: orange Gary Fisher mountain bike. 18" green ID tag on back of frame. If found let me know. Please!
Are you planning a wedding right now? What are your hopes? Fears? We have in studio to answer your questions: 1-877-300-8970!
Shout out to the idiot I ride to work with! You risked our lives and everyone on the road to get us here a whole 5mins early! Dumba**!
Agreed. Shall we end the day with some cow bells?
#LateNightConfessions : I wore a man thong once for my girl on her B-Day.
: This is such a great promo! I love it when authors/publishers give back to readers!
Dear Romney: Maybe I could borrow money from my parents if wages hadn't been stagnant for 30 years. Can you just give me some of yours?
You were talking mad crap on the phone about them.. You say you hate hypocrites you are one..
on it.
The trains are running so slow today.
We bet our money on the horse Totally Tucker, since that is our family dog's name. And we won big at the Kentucky Oaks!
Whoo hoo weighed myself and i lost around 11ish pounds :) so far so good! Text me 304-612-2469
I love my friends :)
Younger places Jacobs on the table and then does a senton splash off the top rope right through the table.
That always happens to me in #TheFloridaKeys. At least It reminds me what sunrise looks like. LOL
Hi, Thanks so much! All the best ;)
I have to agree...I was playing devils advocate there...I hope they beat the snot out of them in the second..playing tough!
Does my fantastic basketball team not interest you?
glad your show went well kitten!
bold statement by the little bro!
Aw thank you :) How was your day
My thoughts today are with those in prison, in mental hospitals, in healthcare facilities. Everyone matters & no one should be left behind.
Rule #2: Take action.
13th Annual Global Gala tonight! #NNIC proud to have First Lady as honorary chair and Lt Gov #Krolicki as keynote speaker. Globalize Nevada!
#sexualcultures : if we want to know about how changing reproductive gender changes families, ask the kids.
Chris Davis. LOL
happy birthday! Wait... Is it your birthday?
Get some. All the cool kids are doing it lol...I got mine from the campaign site
We have a great respect for legendary composer Johannes Sebastian Bach!
Wendy, blow a ton of Red Cross funds on wild living. Then go nuts on national TV. That'll do it.
I'm convinced the Falcons don't want to win this game
yes everytime u hug me i get a cold smh
Meeting on with Suite 101 at Digital Hollywood tomorrow?
Flying to Indy first thing in the morning, time to nut up or shut up because its going to be colder than hell!
:). I'm going down there next month. How was the trip? I would text you, but I can't.
what a pile of crap
Have you registered for the BIGGEST NEW YEARS PARTY ANYWHERE YET?!?! It is only $20 and first $500 get a FREE T SHIRT!!!...
Happy Holidays to all our fans! 5 Days until Christmas, come and shop with us at Paradise Valley Mall!
I miss reading for fun and leisure.
thank u
IPhone 4's and life on tour, 5 racks for a show what's the price on yours~
oy vay; there goes Gissen going on & on about "things"
"Appetizers" is a misnomer. They should call them fill yourself up before your entree-tizers
people have no respect or any type of professionalism no one was there when I started now that things improved now I c every 1
Hey Chrystal! I use Sony Vegas for most of my editing with the flip. I look forward to seeing your Kodak videos.
Do your best to prevent stress eating. Go for a walk or drink a diet drink to suppress your appetite until you are in a clear frame of mind
PCL: "We want to be a model that empowers communities facing library closings."
whats your favorite song right now? Outta curiosity :-) xx
love your twitcon that's my lock screen!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
"Hyundai’s Elegant and Economical New Elantra."
Good luck to #MarathonMonday runners! Tasty morning treat... Newbury & Back Bay open @ 10am w fresh signature Sweet rolls!
not funny
The iPhone 4 is slowing dying, the new iPhone cant come soon enough.
Davidson pushed! What a wild tournament!
Richard Tillinghast, a #poet, is reading TONIGHT! U of M, 8pm, UC Room 350. Be there or be pinched!
I just signed an email "Rib" instead of "Ron." Imagine the alterego possibilities there!
You're an idiot. What time we leavin tomorrow?
I've been strategically making sure my wife doesn't see previews for #TheLuckyOne only to fail tonight. Now we're going tomorrow.
de-commissioning blue-blinky, my (mostly) trusty WRT54GS router in favor of a dual-band WNDR3700. See you on the other side...
My weekends ruined....
Talking bout Grandpa Fred.Ask if he wants a banana.He eats imaginary bananas, says"I thought it would be under the bed & over with by now."
My eyes literally rolled out of my head.
Can't wait for the Junior League of El Paso, Inc. "A Christmas Fair." Nov. 4-6, 2011
Today as my break started i decided that August is just not going to come. I'm going to take it off the calender.
falling in love with the marimba, remembering Christopher Hitchens.
You're right, is a great example of #ROC's smart workforce! We're happy to see your company doing so well!
I didnt have a surprize for you yesterday either
it's happening ... And we're Gonna have a huge celebration in August to congratulate our victories
i love you too and it is nothing :)
“: Just finished presenting Usergrid Developer Preview at AT&T's #mobileappDFW2 for #apigee” ()
Please follow twitter for the film we are shooting later this year!
$8000 Tax credit for Home Purchases, Lets connect if you have someone you think this may help.
Cotto is winning this fight through 8 rounds! Let's hope he pulls this one out, folks!
Gotta orthodontist appointment 2day. My braces r gonna kill me :(
One of my patrons! RT : Today in 1975, Staten Island native Elizabeth Bayley Seton was canonized as the first American-born saint.
<U+E32A>night everyone
Sorry I owe you!
Requested call me maybe, boyfriend, & what makes you beautiful, this Dj better play them. <U+E40D>
Victory belongs to the most persevering ~ Napoleon
can she even do that, like delete her account then get it back, along with all her followers?
And our curriculum integrates theory, aural skills, and keyboard harmony: even in the intro course.
YOU ROCK, thank you so much!!
And I want all of that ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass ass....
haha, I was just thinking that bookstore books look naked without call numbers and labels!
Fun night.
Production/Management company fam
right, blame nicki
NOW can the sun sentinel find some space on 1C? Panthers are a fun team. Spread the word. Best thing going on in So Fla
Good morning tweeters
Feel free to wish me a happy mothers day, since I am a mother to two beautiful kitties :)
Excuse me, mr. Officer.
Hope you had a great time! Thank you for coming to
Blasting Justin Bieber in my headphones.
Wearing my sketchers shape ups backwards...not helping either
Crazy Mary's new CD Dreaming In Brilliant Color out soon!!!!!!
EVERYONE follow ! Get him to 2,000 followers asap! (:
well not in the way you'd think, but after our phone convo today you probably get this a little more.
u look madd pretty without makeup
Headed to Pullman Branch Library to attend info session on Chicago Collegiate Charter School, a proposed 4th-12th grade charter school.
power eav'er
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you may be the world.
Cant wait to move to Hoboken!!!!!
hell yeah! , high school buddies !
Spanish tutor time
Thanks Mark! Gotta go see what trouble I get get into in Jerusalem tonight.
I have died everyday waiting for you. Darling don't be afraid I have loved you for 1000 years
Exciting things happening.
Leadership creates performance in people because it impacts willingness; it's a matter of modeling, inspiring, and reinforcing.
Thank you & for joining us today & supporting !
You can't always get what you want. But if you try sometimes you just might find you get what you need.
Can't believe it's already been a month since the last #SMPR tweetup. Excited to see what's on tonight's agenda!
Not feeling the chemistry test
guess I'll start doing that ASAP cause a pot belly won't be a good look this summer or hell all year LOL
spray tans haha I got the kind that stays all year naturally lucky me we Natives got it like that
I bought a new one at JC Penney just four years ago.
“: Hipsters, just because you use "Instagram" does not make you a professional photographer.” exactly what we said
damnn im already tired.
It's a steve miller kind of day
Aww- thanks gang - miss you too & will give it my best!
#MilkshakeFriday is such a lovely way to start the weekend
I just want to love you~
I'm bout to cry . It's raining hard af outside
no way. Acceptable is @ least 1 TV. The drink specials.def made it easier tho
How are things over there?
“ Still no motivation...”
never heard of it.
thank u again for getting us that full-page in the magazine! lovin it
Being from the USA, I don't completely understand this version of football. Regardless, I hope your team wins
Ayers: scholarship gives us sustainable success that adds to the cultural conversation.
Ahh Let Me Text These People Back !
Had a dream I lost my bestfriend:'( !
If I'm not cooking, or if he is on own for dinner he is happy with PB&J or cereal....every time! NEVER cooks
Flouride works! 1/2 of children entering the first grade today have never had a single cavity, compared with 36% in 1980 and 28% in 1970.
Cant wait for tonight, things are finally lookin up for me :D
Who'd win in a fight between coach Ditka and an earthquake?
I think you tweet the wrong location for today. Love PIERRE
This why I don't gamble :)
i totes just presented and got a 100. TELL ME I'M NOT A WINNER. I DARE YOU.
whats the track name that you showed me t the studio with the deep voice ina back
Seriously!? For how long? I've been dying to try it. Just Tapped: Ham on Rye
Hilarious that an Irish couple used the pseudonyms of Jewish gangsters!
when your toms smell like shit..
Sitting here drinking shitty wine & playing on our iPads like a bunch of jerks. Yep, that was plural.
how long does it usually take to process an order?
Black Ops 2 looks nasty!!!
Looks like it! Anyway, you rocked it in typical style :) Well done!
I hope not...considering you were going to give it away until I saved it
All sorts of interesting questions today! Wording order in hospital codes, Dieulafoy's lesions, videotaping in the delivery room...
Running like there's no tomorrow
I will never give up on you. Thank you for being such a positive impact on my life.
hahaha NO TELLING! :)
did i leave my imac on ipad is in my backpack and iphone is in front of me HOWWW are you doing this ._.
First time on the driving range today #gonnalearngolf #summergoals :)
They'll hate you if you're pretty; they'll hate you if you're not. They'll hate you for what you lack; they'll hate you for what you've got.
Trying to relax, not working that well. Ho-hum.
Are you assuming, Andrew, that he comes in as a DH? If he doesn't, isn't he blocking Reimold?
bummed i missed #libchat this week
Chillin at work bored
yep. For us or docs. Luckily, H's EE numbers are low but then we don't know why she's having stomach aches. Its fun.
lol you know what I mean. Plus its twitter
Happy Friday the 13th! May this day bring you nothing but good luck!
agreed! it's the one on the Hammer & Bolter antho, volume 1. :D
fascinated by debacle... my fellow librarians' naughty bits don't do much for me but i thought we were anti-censorship?
Coach Penn is my baby. #NoBullshit <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
How bad is it that there are still about 4 girls in my grade that I have NO idea what their names are?..
Feeling a little more ready to take on this difficult city and job and phase of life.
Listening to Extol's Burial album right now! :)
lol. Seat was up again... They make a mess in their bathroom and then use ours... No no boys!
I've been cutting and pasting attorney bios for 3 hours, what's your excuse?
nice job men.
Picked up Strength Training Anatomy by Frederic Delavier tonight along with a couple of yoga anatomy books by Ray Long. Knowledge is power.
Long day, good day. Feeling kind of worn at the moment. Looking forward to a fresh day tomorrow.
Happy St Patty's day everyone !! Have fun but please be safe !
team purple owl?
That is AWESOME!
yup....great employment opportunities...but a very "red" state.
yayyy! Good i hope two people drop ut so yhu can go! And yhu beter take #DECA next year, or ima come and beat yhu uhpp!! B ...
Is it becoming an unhealthy obsession?
Happy birthday The Few The Proud!!
Good Luck Ewood Baseball...Get some W's in the NAC tourney
If you are craving a peanut butter, banana and cinnamon sandwich, go to Hit the spot
"If you don't drive your business, you will be driven out of business."
Going to see Food Inc tonight...can't wait! But FIRST, a yummy Mediterranean dinner. Definitely not after!
Following as he campaigns in Caledonia. Later we'll interview likely opponent John Lehman.
Really? I've never seen it, good call.
Im at Burger King watching people get defeated by a touch screen soda fountain!
it's cool don't worry
Stopped rethinking that noisey neighbor thing... :(
are you at the Mint tonight? If so we should hang out! :)
You're hilarious too!
Join the black parade...
i love it!
You must watch this! Tune in on channel 70 Soul Plane. It's hilarious :))
i really haven't slept since monday.
haha Robs shirt says 'BELIEVE'... I see what ya did there ;)
W preened in front of a premature "Mission Accomplished" banner. Obama actually got bin Laden & critics whine he's bragging.
hey nice blog, check out mysoflo.com , follow us, & let us know if you'd be interested in being a contributor
i 100% believe in what said everone says that they love himbut how do u know if u have never met him
Reminder to self: don't plant marigolds if have allergies/hay fever
How much snow did me peeps get back home in Milwaukee? Someone holler at me and let me know when you get a chance!
gestalt & resistance - don't overcome but embrace
But it's a billion dollar experience.
LOL could very well be. Either way I have a lot of saving to do
I hope enjoyed his time as speaker, I don't think the GOP will choose him again, assuming they retain the majority in Nov.
Don't hesitate to call for last minute trips. We have your #Limo hookup for the best in #Pittsburgh. http://www.ThePittsburghLimo.com
and are hilarious!
I'm loving it, U? I honestly don't remember u 4rm the studio but if says I kno u than I guess I do, lol!
You scratch our back, we'll scratch yours!
Sad day, although I know where your soul lie, there will not be a final good bye, B'cuz I know where your soul fly's R.I.Heaven
Not even remotely. I was referring to Romney's college "pranks".
Pineapple Express is trending, proving once and for all that Thursday is super boring.
did you guys like the new song?!?!? :)
for a moment I thought it was a still shot from the hunger games movie.
I wish I could leave this place.
first 10k! I just finished a 6.15 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
Beauty lies in the hands of the beer holder. -Anonymous
I guess it's raining everywhere !!
Thanks for the follows everyone: . We're hoping to get to 1,000 followers soon!
Thinking about replacing dying vintage iPhone with 4GS. But am paralyzed by craziness of plans. Any thoughts re: Sprint/Verizon/AT&T?
1977 stands out for another reason: Gyrich and the beginnings of government intrusion into #Avengers affairs.
Gonna leave right saw beggining of #Raw .. Cena got fucked up lol
RT : A career is wonderful, but you can't curl up with it on a cold night. (Marilyn Monroe)
Off to Santa Cruz to say good bye to
You gave me nothin. Yet your still in my way.
Now that libraries have the ability to #Kindle check out how is that affecting how many ebooks you consume? Is it an easy process for you?
Matthew Old Pal, what was the email about? Beers tonight at the usual place?
Life is good when shit goes as planned and there is no drama.
hahahahaha. they are so cute when they ask that. "where can I find Hunger Games" "In the homes of 30 forward thinking patrons"
just killin time
I'm on my way down now
Congrats on your new location!
Is Mercury in retrograde or something? I can't catch a break. Going to be another wild week...
boi u ah whole fool aye what.new shoes goin hard I knw u knw
Watch us a we grow!! Yes! That's a promise!
Good morning Twitta! Have yourself a fabulous Friday and a great weekend :) <3
At the
Just left Jameel's I miss him. /:
have been vaguely considering making my next laptop a linux one. Will I be able to con you into being my tech support?
But being the intern may call for the former....
YOUNOW in 5 hours but I will be sleeping, I live in London well I send my love to you and do well my bois<333
Thanks for the great mention today!
This is wonderful. RT : "A book must be the axe for the frozen sea inside us." -- Kafka
Thanks, Tim! Did you attend?
Lead is an Action verb
yeah that's what I'm watching it on!
Make sure you always keep eye contact in meetings. Trust is not established or maintained without it. SeanLetwat
i'm just like jess, fix my computer now, and you tell me to shut it off, so i do but it kept printing -_- #loveyoutoo !
seriously dude..don't diss or me...and learn how to spell U worthless dried cum stain on a flophouse bed!!
potato wedges
Dat one friend u always greet with an insult.... U know who ur are trick....
Weight loss, diabetes, or cholesterol? Check out doctors speak out at www.pgdnews.com. Amazing breakthrough! Interested?(405)751-7777Chase
I love old sings. They take me back, so amazing. :)
The longer I stare at my phone, the longer it's going to stare back at me.
every song every rhyme every word is better with you(music sounds better with you) every day (every day)
Droid in a few days. App is held up in the pandora's box of whatever the hell Apple does to apps. More news soon.
Have you ever thought of doing an all acoustic album? #MTVGaga paws up! (''') (''') xoxo
Been doing a lot of running this week, over 30+ miles. Time for another one!
got ya
Your big opportunity may be right where you are standing right now. - Napoleon Hill
Must be something, I just misread your tweet as well. I didn't see you said "election" coverage...
I know I have a #1k1hr planned at 10am but I can't get this scene outta my head.
Sorry about that! Did the problem happen again? What version are you using?
What is more dangerous than a nuclear test?.... A North Korean nuclear test.
Wondering what questions we asked? Stay tuned. We'll be posting them.
Anyone in Los Angeles have super-moon viewing plans? Do tell!
Welp. That's unfortunate. Guess it's the price of being awesome?
I scream in my head when I hold my tongue...lol its funny...
AMD consolidates data centre operation with HP networking appliation - Computer Business Review
That's super smart and you don't have to wait until one is in stock to be $8000 lighter.
I like it better when there are two moons. As should you.
baby you summatime fine,
Why would you wear a beanie over a snapback, when it's hot af?
I get bored on non #Brewers game nights... might as well go to bed... Good night everybody.
Hey Valerie--I just did! :-)
I think we are quite desensitized actually. Sad but true.
i love mines too..
Happy Fat Tuesday!
#boston #foursquare tweeps check in to Snowpocalypse 2011 Boston Edition, NYC unlocked the epic swarm badge like it was a joke last night
#undertaker has returned. No better entrance music in the business.
Just realized it's 4:23 in the morning and my news subscriptions/ alerts have yet to introduce themselves to my email box
My boyfriend's love of biking and instagram has gotten serious. It's all he ever talks about or wants to do. Bike and take pictures. Da fuck
Instagram: follow me! I'll follow back!
grandma turns off my Spongebob.. i'm pissed. now i'm being forced to move out >_>
Forty is the old age of youth; fifty the youth of old age
what do u mean by that? Awwn thanks a lot :D
Who could deny these butterflies ...
One more tweet and then hitting the sheets... VOTE Tony Lucca! 1-855-864-2303! You have till 10 AM tomorrow!! =)
if I had I wish it would be to meet you :) 5
Little dog parks are beneath me. Doug is just going to have to
Finally! Let's get some runs for Sabathia!
oh gahh not another juice cleanse “: Got my #peeledchicago juices. Time to #restore and #renew.”
girl, I'd be up 25 so you are good! All that yumminess. I would be powerless :)
is on it this morning!!
Thanks, he will once the outside allergens die down. :) No donut today...
Ditto! RT : - BIG THANKS for being awarded Diversity Supplier of the Year!
WOW! What a powerful idea, eloquently expressed! “: When spider webs unite, they can tie up a lion. -Ethiopian Proverb”
Crystal duck
Cosentino: Silence is OK as long as you are doing something (calculation, writing, drawing a chart etc)
Who woke up feeling ratchet?
Production wrapped on Tommy Trains MV "If I Die Tomorrow. late Nov/early Dec release!!
can you pick me up a house today? I have to work.
how was harry pot head hahahaaha ?? no really how was it (:
5 charged with selling counterfeit luxury goods - abc27
The universe is more anxious to give you what you want than you are to get it. -Wallace Wattles
Spurs are just too good for the Clippers. Bring on the THUNDA.
RT “: FACT: Going around spamming all of Twitter with your music isn't grinding!!!!”
Ian rapping drake>>
Pretty sure I saw the politician from #TheKilling, he was walking though, so it might not be him
"OMG I was so fat! Ew!" "you're in shape?"
If you haven't picked up your copy of , go to any #barnesandnoble #nationwide today!
haha okay :b
Fargo in March, what could be better.
Oh! No fun to behaving! Ha!
I believe in faith that grows,
was getting nervous Rodgers might be in the jinx finale, but Packer fans got Megatron there instead
Keith & are risking life and limb in old abandoned letterpress shop. I suspect a psycho printer is hiding out, knife in hand.
all these girls in heels are gonna be cryin by the end of today...#dummies #itsaconvention ! wth..
#NP Temple One - World Beyond (Daniel Kandi & Phillip Alpha Remix)
"Never"? Poor choice of words. Money will flow with time to the ideas & the market opportunity. $ & mentorship needed.
Happy #TexasIndependenceDay to all my fellow Texans back home in Austin, as well as those Texas transplants out there!
Easter Egg Hunt 1pm Saturday at McKee Farms Park in Fitchburg sponsored by your Fitchburg Lions Club!
The Helen Hayes Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor, Resident Musical goes to... Matthew DeLorenzo, POP,
This is a good way for the show to bring back dead characters, even if it is only for tonight.
it's an accurate depiction of me. They did such a good job with the edit. I was really pleased.
Sounds like an amazingly delicious weekend! We look forward to seeing you!
if you see this tweet will you please follow me thanks :)
To hell with the bad news.
what the what? WHERE?!
not excited for next class. AT ALL!
Small Business Guide to Social Media Marketing
The slightest words you said, have all gone to my head ~
Is flensed.com down? When will it be back?
Creatin' & sellin' ... Sellin' & creatin' ... Thanks to our pal Peter for buying TWO wallettes for the special gals in his life !
Tweet us something
I don't think she would just let everyone do that haha we just weren't able to come in tomorrow
Laser Special: $50 for underarms per session!
Pan but missed it :[
Just completed my first Zumba class with Rachel at the It was no joke. Anyone want to join me next week?
Yeah Buddy :o
Happy birthday !!!
check yours (;
#stm2012 how is the user interaction with content being transformed? Users are people & machines who can add to content experience
Shit gets weird at the cabana
I really hope today goes by fast...
Blasting Paris Hilton & working out. Done with school, forever.
First Fridays??
Tonight cannot come any faster. I'mma disappear from the world, an hideout in La La Land. :P Had to.
whatsup? I will be seeing you this week I believe
all my sisters left with my aunt & i'm alone. & my parents quickly left to their room & locked the door.... hmm.
Watching Titanic!!!!!!!
Just because you change your name doesn't mean you change.
If she didn't start with Charmander, Squirtle or Bulbasaur she is too young for you bro
Day Trip to NY with my 12 yr old daughter to study MOMA & The Guggenheim art offerings is now complete! We had an awesome day!!!
MORGAN. Me and Casey were just talking about how we used to be bestfriends! I miss you.) :
Mercedes Benz : A mechanical device that increases sexual arousal in women.
Yay.. Athletic banquet and turning in books tomorrow.
Remind me not to leave my Mac charger at home and have to buy a new one at DTW.
Most wonderful! Have a great time and congratulations!
All new songs will be 80bpm
On to the 11th
Is she wearing ANY clothes? and yes, I'm referring to the girl in Posner's new video for his cover of 'Wonderwall' Check it!...
Happy to say that I should be at #pintsandpols Sunday.
I'll check the calendar and we'll make it happen. I miss your handsome face.
Happy Tuesday all!
RMFT!!!!“: The Season finale of The Vampire Diaries: #mindblown o.o”
this is why I luff you!!!
A website is a flexible and cost-effective method of advertising. Get yours today!
wrong. Lady gaga > life
thanks for the vote of confidence! #folksthatrockmyworld!
Are you guys doing anything at #PAXEast that relates to SG?
just want to tell you Im watching Percy Jackson and on their quest they go to the Parthenon in Nashville.
i love you.
Ha. RT : Breaking News From Beer: "We are NOT building a new brewery in North Carolina."
I do not look like I'm 22, and I don't appreciate being told that. do young male profs often get told that they look too young to teach? [-]
Yay! Thanks for the shout, !
thanks for stopping in yesterday! We appreciate it.
At pretend city doing a stone soup lesson for the kids!
Pizza, Pottery, and the Radio: Products that sold despite being sold out of a Hut, Barn, and Shack.
video wasn't released, their videographer posted a screenshot on facebook! And I took it from his Facebook....
Just enjoy the show
: and Caden that would brighten my day\or\night <3
If I were a MillerCoors' product, I would be _______________.
I'm going to be checking in the #nepatriots at the hotel I work!
Squirrels scale trees. I just witnessed it.
i should win the free snare because Taylor from endorses you and I want to as well someday but I'm broke right now.
There's an unusual amount of men in the grocery store parking lot, too bad every Sunday isn't mother's day! :)
how are beer prices at Minute Maid park?
Perspective for US drivers: unleaded gasoline costs the equivalent of $8.40/gal in the UK, according to Barclays' Paul Horsnell.
Like the commercial.
3 bowls of special K
HA! RT Every time I call my uncle his ringback tone (or whatever) is Nickelback.I love him, but also hate him. It's so confusing.
you are a speedy man
a. Yes, its obvi a bat. 2. You couldnt do better. D. It was made by a special ed kid with my help. Real nice of you.
Everything you've been through up to now was to prepare you for what God is about to do. Nothing in your life has been wasted.
Just wanted to drop you a line and say hey. I hope you're doing well, Sawyer! :)
Why do things have to be so complicated???
Experience, travel - these are as education in themselves - Euripides
Look at someones face upside down for a long time. It's the funniest thing ever.
i cant find him:( he said we wer gna go watch transformmers:)
Sorry folks, when I say "probably" I mean "could be" - its a possibility not a definite!
Choosing a nailpolish color is the hardest task of all.
Bouta be back at the house with that kill
Speak words of life for your life...!
its not that simple. I cant just go with anybody.lol
Just checked with J, and apparently it's not cool. And K isn't cool with Spartacus (no idea why J likes it so much).
“: #mobwives” Can't even wait.
RT TEMA will be at the Turtle Mountain Brewery in Rio Rancho today between 4:30 and 7:30. Come check out what TEMA has at the brewery!
Follow me please:) (p.s u are really pretty:)
set it up
i was just gonna tell you to, hah
You say all the right things to get me to stay.
So Anderson Cooper just said "cray-cray" in a non-ironic manner. It's like I don't even know him anyomore.
Went for a run this morning. Felt fat and slow and only did 2 miles - still so glad I went! I must be well and truly hooked!
i love the show so it makes sense that it's my fav game, hehehe
You make the magic happen, the magic of Orioles’ Baseball!
ive been singing that all morning. twintelepathy. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B1>
Out of curiosity, what a wrong with AGPL and which license would you prefer?
A child must learn early to believe that she is somebody worthwhile, and that she can do many praiseworthy things. -Benjamin Mays
I know it's not sticking, but the sight of snow still warms my heart.
It's my birthday! Please tweet me? I would be so happy! :)
you did actually. we were both like, whoa. Steve ACTUALLY RSVP'd. ;)
Bennett: #SDUSD has a 2-percent reserve. "That's four days payroll"
Those chants sound so haunting!!!
oh my i need a haircut :(
I wish I could quit my job
stfu damn u talk to much
Church was good today
I guess so!
just did, doll! (: Always follow back cuz i'm
Oklahoma never ever meant anything to me until now.
Do not understand how #archives can get away w record descriptions WITHOUT A DATE! Really? Not even circa, century?
You're welcome<U+2665>..
Not yet. I'm in NO hurry. :) Fine wine & cervezas! I'm looking at the rock right now. What a beauty! Hi mom!
Thanks to for filming the video Saturdy night for our upcoming #Kickstarter campaign Can't wait to see it!
Watching The Who at the Isle of Wight on Palladia. Nice ending to my week.
The backroom/renovated rotation duties are already taxing enough, Meaghan on coffee crack just might push me over the edge :-P
What else can I say? HAPPY HALLOWEEN!
hey stranger, hope all is well...my new phone pulled you up. Technology = amazing!
The whole truth about Buffalo’s avant-garde arts scene
Very Cute!!! I feel a shopping spree coming on.
I feel the need to play by play tweet tonight during #iCarly so I can constantly comment on the boys horrible yet hilarious acting skills.
if Nash is going to not contend for a title, why not do it in Phoenix?
i think i forgot that they are the cubs
Last Night was insane! brought it!
Good plan. I'm sitting on my current WIP to make sure it's something I really believe in before sharing it.
make that 4!
Hope these 75mph wind gusts blow the moths out of town.
"Disgruntled customers tell an average of 11 other people about their bad experience with a company."
I read it on the airplane w my coworker going "what is SO funny??" Awkward. ;-P
And they WERE!
Who's ready to see us jam out at Kick Butt Coffee 2 in the Triangle in Austin, TX?!
no problem. Your family is in my thoughts and prayers. Try not to drink too much, it sounds good but only makes it worse!
We will be closed on Sunday, so hippity hop on over to for Easter Brunch!
my brother is BEYOND annoyingg.
WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ WE LOVE NO BONEZ!!!!!
Mention me if you are up right now!
First review in some time. Hard to focus with the little one around. Miss writing though. Missed my beer/baseball/movie posts? Start again?
Oh we're so in. Looking forward to seeing you guys!
Mercy what will become of me, day by day can I turn it around? Maybe carry on just a little bit longer Friend could u try2givewhat I need?
SHOW TONIGHT AT THE RIVERHORSE!!ITS A FUCKIN SHAKEDOWN!
Anyone driving to the loaf tonight? Need a lift, no gear it's already at the mountain.
whoops...that sucks. Hm...I'm kinda pooped. Maybe sometime this week. Tuesday night? And you could dvr Glee for me too?
Someone... Order me pizza! :/
About to get my chonga nails done.
let's do it, when are you free?
It was a great game!
Follow these crazy kidz ": one more thing! Could you RT us so we get more followers?? thanks x"
looks like hw all night
I absolutely love that movie!
Anybody have any plans for this Easter Weekend?
#SHRM11 - check out the crew at SHPS. They are great!!
thatta girl, idk if I can make it out tonight we'll see
s/o to everyone that played the Deucebrand watch giveaway challenge...courtesy of High School Hopefuls...We will continue again tomorrow!
You know you were dancing too ;-)
happy birthday to <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+0089>
Suddenly comprehended the amount of req. reading I have to fit in around my pleasure reading in the next week
Another progressive day! Woot Woot! Big Thanks to and all his hard work! Now time for some well needed sleep! -_-
"Democratization of research" - residents influence subject matter of research, researchers train citizens to help collect & analyze data.
I avoid U
My stomach hurts :/ <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
On a side note, i really hate having gym everyday
Dang... on the way to relax and got booted. lol..
Treat you mother special on this lovely day with a iced Raspberry Green tea and a Roasted Pepper Salad.
People be worried bout the wrong things .
I'm an african american girl (insider) #oomf knows what I'm talking about lol
cooking dinner to astronaut. Still love listening to a whole album. And this one is so much fun. Thanks!
Thanks for the follow. We'll let our residents know about your events!
I have tried to figure out how to share my Evernote, but have been unsuccessful. Can you help me?
this is so not fair
Ryan, Thanks for the support. Trying to inspire people to make better choices
Go for a Ride Day! "Buy the ticket, take the ride."---Hunter S. Thompson. Never cooked a whole turkey before, bought it and we'll see! :)
great sportsmanship
I'm not willing to acknowledge any suggestion that Barnes' HR is a result of our conversation, so don't even try it.
#LOOOOOOOOOOOGAAAAAAAAN !!!!! I LOVE YOU!!! #followback ?? Prettyplease with whip cream and a cherry on topp??
UCF Book Festival today! Really excited to see , , and , among others.
gutsy profile pic.. The real rainn.
That moment when your mom doesn't let you go to the mall for her mothers day gift. Uhmmm....
Welcome aboard
conveniently they put a crazy hot mom on there so nursing looks cool...which it is...haven't read the article yet though
Probably for the best.
very cold ah
Your not famous until south park makes fun of you
thanks chazz, you get the run in the begining down ?
#vampirediaries Um, these are really supposed to be high school kids? WTF?
Computer glitch may have gummed up second part-time job. Not happy at all.
The night is young...
Il always be here I hope that person knows that I'm just waiting for that phone call <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0094>
Congratulations to all of the Trojans graduating today!!!!!!
RT : G9 goes to ! CONGRATS Helen!
Who the hell is Tavon Wilson? I think Bill forgot he didnt trade down this year!
the continued War on Gays (LGBT's). except we've cn this 4 yrs. wrse now seems?
actually one of my favorite combos is maroon top on white pants.
still got polson lol... And that sounds like a dream team
Been with my boy al day. <3
Finally got to see 's Space Bound video. I loved it start to finish. A true work of art. Thank god him killing himself wasn't real.
Imma need you to follow me back... pretty please...^.^
CITY!!!! championship time. Let's go!!
Oh god, I'm talking to myself on twitter again.
I checked today for tickets. There are none. Obvi.
It's a hockey night in Pittsburgh!
tell em' how u really feel... Lol
Thanks so much!! Rock on!!
i wish i could fall back asleep.... and wake up two weeks from now
That. Is. Awesome.
7 hour sound system run through today. Amazing day! My trombone was so loud it chased the guitar player off of the platform.
AUS-PDX nonstop on southwest? I feel like a lot of long-distance hipster romances just got less sarcastic
The morgue the merrier.
work - busy! Schedule optimization class - challenging! Volleyball - new season picking up {stay away rain!}. Life is OK.
At #GateB52 #NewarkAirport #asshole chatting very loudly on his cell phone about his dairy intolerance
I know I want to watch it again too.
The last time the Knicks won a playoff game was 30 seconds ago!
Ekso&#39;s Exoskeletons Let Paraplegics Walk, Will Anyone Actually Wear One?
Firehouse is turning a 3day weekend into a 4day one! Daydrinking, nighttime, AND afterhours?? If you make all three, shots are on me!
Ok if u can't follow me I'm not gonna follow u I guess I'm suppose to make u look good
whole record tuned half step down. That track is dadadd
says if a person lives independently & deletes his twiter acount wont get any info. After a week hell b like "wats a microwave?"
RT : I would think that it's not so much how much they lost but how they lost it.
Me too :( miss you guys.
Excited for tomorrow… the day before the Masters!!
>_> Shhhhh , They Might Be Listening
No more ring tones nun but that android music lol
#HowToGetRejected show up in fake Timbs.
We hit the studio this May!
Hey Alex, thanks for the follow. Cheers!
Two QPR players go for a header and no Spurs players go for it, you can tell who wants it more.
"Pushy" #puppies are frequently dominant, shy ones may be nervous. It’s good to aim for a temperament somewhere in the middle
In #MKE Jan ends as 14th warmest on record,this after Dec was 11th warmest. Mild wx continues into Feb with highs in the 40's thru Fri
thanks!! :D
yikes. that may suck, but i did a road race in indiana that was surprisingly hilly. do you think you can do it?
Rain, wind, and a general purging of all that was weak in our trees: blossoms, branches, and leaves.
(Same Question) Who are you? (wait I know) Just some Hoe on Twitter! Baby you flatter yourself way too much! Im happy unknown!
Haaaahhhaaaa **Weezy Laugh** -- What I look like? N if it ain't money .. Then I don't look right
At the Hard Rock
sweet!! Thanks man
This is another good one! “: We want to improve society by enabling people to thrive in the Idea Age. #iplan”
I need sleep
#DidYouKnow 18% of children in the United States are obese?
honey, that's not even possible :)
": If you think you are too old to rock 'n roll then you are - Lemmy #Music"
I want 2 b n the gym I want in now ( Damnding ).....
You should date me because, yolo.
come on now
working on new tune so stay locked
without mood, and it doesnt mean anything
who is the poser you are talking about ???
Why not??? That sounds delicious!
I really hope no one actually buys their kids "kids bop" cd's
>> about the money but team work, making history, & support! Geez! Ppl so greedy these day's..Smh
What the hell was that!.... UFC .. So what if his last name is Gracie!
lol...yea i b cuttin up!
._. i'll trade places with you. but the only good thing about it being three weeks is i graduate after that.
Thank you so much for your support!
This summer I plan to go to one of Justins concerts on Believe tour & meet him.. <33 #NeverSayNever<U+2665>
my hair needs to be a lot longer, and it has to be when im ready to lose all of my hair cause I'll have to shave them off. :P
What would you say if i told you i loved you ??
That's her job. Sometimes I think she's a liberal in disguise to make conservatives look bad.
My inflight entertainment from Dallas - Toronto featured on 30Rock.
There's no future in time travel.
The pen is a paintbrush. "The writer, when he is also an artist, is someone who admits what others don't dare reveal." -
the REUBEN OMLET is waiting for you! Stuffed w/ kraut & fresh Corned Beef! Served w/ Potatoes O'Brien, you'll speaking Gaelic by noon.
I don't think d rose got it in em tho... Durant ready to take that step tho
Apparently too much to hope that the word "sconnie" would just gracefully pass from the lexicon into sweet obscurity...?
Oh geeze I bet you would love this show. I hate it but I know you would love it
An office to themselves.
Rom. 12:2 - the renewed mind sees reality from a different perspective - heaven toward earth.
getting something to eat you?. (:
go to sleep.
ur clearly delusional thinkin ull beat me in nhl, maybe madden but I dout it,
man, i love you
that's the coolest thing I've ever seen!
what's up?
Thanks so much to however hacked me. Finally back to Twitter after 3 months!
huge road trip friday! im excited. a little nervous.
Thanks for the follow. We'd love for you guys to come and do a Kink Live shoot at FetFest2012 and recruit some new models!
the first one will be up tom am
what type of song do you want? i have a dancey, love, chill, energetic & touching. the most ready 1 i have is love btw
Started buying them with skin on last year. Never turning back.
MOM please buy me a ticket!!!! will SELL OUT i have to see everyone loves them. No Ticket. No Happiness #TEAR :'(
It was brought to our attention the comment feature on the website wasn't working, it has now been fixed, so comment away! How y'all like it
Tomorrow night at 11. I know, late, but it's always a good time.
are you guys coming to dallas? i cant see the tour poster on my phone.. :/
Ahh. Just got outta the shower. I feel and smell god.
The hunger bro <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AD>
I guess it's some elliot with one t that's making breakfast for yall
W.E.E.D Where Every Eyes Drop
they got there mother fucking hands high that fake shit is barely breathing.
Did you know that Kangaroos can't jump backwards? ...Australia's got some strange laws
I know who and who not to look out for when money rolls in based on who stays true and loyal to me... SO FAKE MFers GTFO MY FACE HMMP!
next stop..ichiro
I spoke too soon... They faked me out, jerkfaces. Garrrr...
we have her on our way
You have no idea. Legit. Passin out ova heeerrrreee!!! Those. Arms. Him in general!! I'm saving that...... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Mt. summit, right? ;)
Any food vendors in Austin want to bring a trailer to a 2-day event at Festival Beach March 3 & 4?
HAPPY EARLY BIRTHDAY RT !!!!!!!!!
Learning a huge lesson this month: i'm terrible at estimating the time it takes me to complete a project
Of course! Europe won't know what hit it :)
Kate Ellis Counseling and Cancer Services - Kate Ellis Counseling offers: -Complete cancer counseling services, with your convenience...
Camel milk is starting to become a popular trend, camel toes however never go out of style
I Get There & Then It's Time To Bring Irish Hip Hop From There To Here In The States. It's Going To Be HUGE
I just had to decline your open house and it made me so sad :( I'll be on vacation
too much time on my hands
#BELIEVE is going to be the best album yet! #exctiedtweet!
Biz op in Oklahoma City! We are expanding our network of sponsors! Contact us!
Lol so noted!
It's gonna be a nice day today, I'd love to take Bentley walking.
Blackberry smackberry, let me find my friends!!!
do you make your own?
same to you.
haha sometimes mine comes out a little bit but it's like full on in the summer.
New Twitter handle:
When I do my Legal Writing homework, I always like to think that I'm Alicia Florrick
any plans to offer a "free plan" instead of all paid?
Some life changes have taken effect and a ____cast replacement (from us at least) is looking pretty sketchy.
I followed you when you 2 million less than that. <3 Always love you.
Doing great here! Take care!
Want to win FREE movie passes to Studio Movie Grill? Follow them at They're giving away a ton of free tickets on twitter!
Welcome to our new followers!
I need someone to talk to.... :'(
Whhhaaaaaaaa! Mes need to feel better!
casting frontier -agent?
Haha someone just threw me a piece of candy wow what a dumbfuck XD
Congrats & on your runs today!
Waiting for my man :-) He's stuck on a plane that overshot the gate by 3". Random! (@ Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport (DCA))
Pouring over tons of bouillabaisse recipes...
25% of people check into work hourly while on vacation, via email and phone
favorite love song L.O.V.E by jessie j
getting some good boomers here now... think a cell formed directly overhead just now
#thatawkwardmoment where you have like 3 blonde moments in a row.
same with my brother, he doesnt like to hangout with friends he just like to stay here and bother me :(
Unfollowing a few social media 'experts.' Rule #1: Don't oversaturate someone's Twitter feed, especially on a Friday.
Orientation on Wednesday!! ^_^
HAPPY BIRTHDAY LEE!!!
we drive anywhere
Watching moderate a panel on digital innovation. Interesting points on patent reform, #makers movements.
In the future, all creative writing classes will be taught by skateboarders who spent their years in high school feeling girls up. Oh, wait.
MADONNA says Midwestern girl dream to perform in #indy #SB46!
Happy Cinco de Mayo!
People tell me slow my roll, I'm screaming out "Fuck that!"
Ridiculousness is the clean version of Tosh.0
I'm actually okay with the fact that we don't talk anymore.
A GIRL WILL RUN HER MOUTH, ONLY OUT OF SPITE
When something good almost never happens.
Fab Design Tip: Use flat paint in an area where you don't have much traffic.
Damn it's humid!
for how bitter-hoppy palate wrecker is, its actually enjoyable..
happy Friday grasshopper! Hoping you'll make it to Dallas!!
Thanks. There's so much to learn really fast but I think it's going ok so far :)
hahaha that actually meant to go on my twitter!... whats that your ugly? Ryan is beautiful!
Stop in this Friday and see 5 Card Studs! Doors open at 9, and they start playing at 10! We have $3.50 Stoli drinks for ladies, $4 skyy...
It's funny how EVERY girl think THEY have the best boyfriend lol sure u do
Norwegian Cruise Line Announce there Biggest 3 in 1 Sale!
You guys have to make hard decisions and you often look like the bad guys but I think you do a great job.
T-Minus 2.5 hours till vacation begins
Last name everything, First name hate.
OKC and #SeattleSonics --same franchise, wrong team
Love your quote ! RT LIVE it. LOVEit. kill FOR IT,. FUCK! what everyone thinks. ^_~..
You ran over my foot, GeeThx
Saw your great Pinterest video on Yahoo! Can we send you the demo site for It would be great for Upgrade Your Life.
Hip hop and boot Kamp class today don't miss it come over and join join join see you there
: It's #MondayMood check in time. What does your "b" t-shirt say today? Mine: b focused.
The weather is so nice today, I feel like Solsbury Hill by Peter Gabriel should be playing everywhere.
lol man I get that.
Truly need a road trip to Disney land :)
Either way, go no less than 2100mAh, my 1500mAh Mophie Air didn't last a whole WWDC day last year.
Whoa, what?
McFerran Falcon Step Team is all dat
“: Butterflies? I feel the entire zoo in my stomach when I see you.”
You kinda get used to people calling you 'A-HA' or 'AD-JA' or 'A-JUH' but whatever.
jealous!!! XO
Thunderstorms > Not Thunderstorms
Now, you're just somebody I used to know.
You can be fooled by a beautiful face never by a beautiful heart.
you say 'quick'; how quick is the WEIA index? Will it be conducted annually? How long does the survey process take?
Wow another great finish...go
": Yes, everything happens for a reason. But don't use that as an excuse as to why you make stupid decisions."
Hey Dear, yes!!:) I can't stop eating it... I put it omn everything now..:) How are you?
Sheet Metal Hole | Band Saws and Bits
i heart #redtube cuming from a movie fan..
Sweet. If I end up on an endless repeat of Process of Weeding Out cuts, I'm blaming you.
Yes. We go to first period first.
Fuckin two bad bitches at the same damn time
Sitting down with Bryce Button of live at The Pulse on NAB Show Studio ....bit.ly/nablive
Thanks for the shout out, !
we sure left our mark on it .. it sure left its mark on us .. like tattoos on this town <3
I want to go for a Jog haven't been in like 4days.
I'm sure they would love to have you over!!!!!
WCG is hiding a #geocache somewhere in PDX First to find the cache wins 2 tickets to meet the band and go to the show Nov 11
my tuesdays and thursdays are nothing to complain about because your at work making me laugh....lol
is it weird that I'm jealous of your dream?
Is anyone else bothered when a writer drops the "Section" in front of "508 compliance"? Is it just me?
#tevez looks more like a monkey than
“: We have to start being honest with each other.” honestly I think you are a dear and I agree!
Got a clean bill of health!
#FIFA #WorldCup Got Weekend Plans? Change 'em! 11:30 am Sat: USA vs. Ghana 07:00 am Sun: England vs. Germany
Wait, what? The Chili Peppers are playing Summerfest? When did they announce that?
hm ill go for the WWE tittle then
Are you freaking kidding me?!
I love how me and are on twitter in class :P we're cool lol oh and i <3 u ;)
If I had to go potty so bad I couldn't hold it I might squat in a bush. Never on a public street and never take a pic! did both.
What was the first song you guys wrote?
Can't wait to get back in this bed!! Work time. Ugh. No bike :(
Picking up my sweet rental car. Lol
"They can only get a partial but we're going to get a full expression of the anal gland."
Linh Dinh: "Ginsberg, Ginsberg was important to his time. And Dylan! Dylan."
My life is so simple and boring.
See she's there !!
Win autographered copies of 's Teenage Dream: The Complete Confection CD all night with !!
Why no 'Political' category?
thanks for feedback - we r working on refining our pitch - but for now u can use our service to send voicemail to any twitter user
Welcome back #overtaking #racing #excitement China Formula 1 race was epic. Repeat of Fangio's 1955 pole position was a great Mercedes omen!
Looks like an #Instagram battle between and
haha yes :P
And you ripped on me! #FreshmanStatus :)
Second teaser?
“Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.”
Season 2 of starts tonight... Sweet!
RIP Junior Seau
but it should be green! Or at least taste of whiskey.
Friendships can be rebuilt after a dispute but will never be as strong as before.
So excited to wish a Happy 21st Birthday that I'm using EST. Happy Birthday! Looking forward to sharing a beer soon!
Middle age is when you choose your cereal for the fiber, not the toy.
Oh hey! Thanks so much, love! I'll have to fill you in on all the deets soon!
This has been the cruelest 15 mins of baseball I've ever endured.
Waiting for RJ to get the eff up so we can make & enjoy a big ass breakfast
Loved his speech! Very inspiring.
i had the worst weekend ever ! but staying with my freind jordynn for a while :)
Aw, having a bad day?? I hope it gets better for ya :(
The EuroConnect was delighted to be a 2012 sponsor! >RT Figures show #MSPIFF box office up 10 percent over 2011.
Mom wants Champagne and Pinot! We're open til 5 today in Carlton...
Living the story of a love that i lost...
Shows only $15. Get to jax beach. Seven super rad bands left. Please come hang!
Have NOT set an alarm ALL WEEK!! FABULOUS!!
#thingswedowhilestudying think why we are not studying
As a Wisconsin transplant who despises the Vikings, what does this mean as a MN taxpayer?
My hair is long enough and I've always wanted them RT : LOL! Yeah let me know how that works out for you !
Email us with the details and we might be able to do it but you'd have to probably pay for faster shipping.
Oh That's Yo Girl I Be Had Her But When I'm Done You Can Have Her Back.
Follow up to the ear bud story...Pen cap hit the rim of my cup. Need to get out of here!
Getting hit on by a guy with a swastika (sp) tattoo on the back of his neck and hand.
I actually did it the other day because I hardly ever write in cursive. It didn't look too well. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Problem at work weighing on me - losing two days to snow and cold this week doesn't help.
I also follow candie. Candie follows me. Austin follows candie. Candie RTs me. Austin sees my tweets two(:
“: To be appearing in a Mary Brooks Beatty campaign ad this fall.” Hey! No steering!
okay yeah! Cuz these will sell out really fast:
Doing pretty good in the mega. Down to 4 tables. Pays 1 table.
Here's a question for everyone... How many tweets in a day are too many?
Need to stop looking for love and just love god and real love will find me.
Row 500 Won the Day! Bringin' it Saturday!
Shout to my new followers thanks for support Clown House Ent.
Psssssh, no way!
How much cocaine do they pay Michael Irvine as a salary to be on NFL Network?
Didn't get to see Memphis play much on tv during the reg season.. Now that I'm gettin a chance to watch em.. Deez boys is the truth
Somewhere Only We Know-Keane
-.- Your on MSN but not on here ? I don't like this thing anymore it's annoying haha I might delete it
nice where at?
Mini milestones making me happy at the moment.
Powerful message today. I'm going to "Deal w/ it" this week. I'll be more of a "David", & less of a "Saul".
it says I'm supposed to be a book reading a book
YouTube is the second largest search engine after google
how could NYU reject him? I mean he is a pretty bitch
The reality is that #dogs do really well on rules, boundaries, and other similar forms of discipline that are not forceful
Hey where are you headed to now???
waiting for you to talk to me.
#ShitHeatFansSay “: Phone dyin., not charging it either”
thx!! I found level 1 class thru upledger inst in may for 4 days. I think I'm going to try since it is local :)
Love to love
She's blessed to have a friend like you. You did your part. It's on Teresa now.
thanks for the kind intro, Kevin.
The dude abides and he is Gritty. Truly gritty.
"I wanna see you Parallel Park It, I got the keys to get you started" Everyone needs to download this fuckin jam!!
I'm so excited for #NewGirl with Zooey Deschanel to start! And #PanAm!
STRAIGHT DEVIANCY DUDE. MY POLITICAL CAREER WOULD BE RUINED
wow Gil Arenas really has fallen off huh? Bet he'd take a multi-year contract from #Milwaukee now lol
Check this out.
Oh yeah, is it a website or was it a live thing? Where can I see it?
Happy Birthday, Milwaukee!! How are you celebrating our City's 166th Birthday?
Sometimes life gives you lemons,but what do you do if you don't like lemonade??? :P
If we lived closer, we would be married with like 6 kids by now lol :)
Lol "fuck a goat!" Such a weird insult
perfect role for him.
“: your new pics are good!” thank you!
I agree! That's my difficult spot also, appreciating the right now
making cookies ,
The Avengers was too dope.
...Because don't need movies to bring in the dough! Love, Little Monster <3
Faried is earning his fouls
heard you on today! Congrats on the non-smoking campaign!
You think I'm kidding but I'M NOT OMG YOU'LL SEE IMMA CRY SO HARD
I know bro but toren is a bitch i can't log into db or my email im fucking Pisssed of!
Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after another.
I'm a nerd.
what!? What happened lol
A snitch nigga, that's that shit I DON'T LIKE!
Pippin is exhausted and snoozing now.This kind of day is rough on old guy.Hope he sleeps through the any excitement.
I wish I could help her. She's so far. I would have loved to visit her, and be there for her. D;
PLEASE DO PEYTON!!! ID LOVE TO MEET YOU!!
If you're on , our upcoming YA books VODNÍK and CAT GIRL'S DAY OFF from our imprint are now up in the catalog!
": Those Text Messages That You NEVER Want To Erase >>>"
I just want what I can't have
The mall is closed, so come visit Sarah and Nick. They will warm you up real nice. Figuratively, of course.
we don't live in Mexico#Dramatic -__- .. We can be stylish/hip old maids. We drink we work great social life etc
I did 13 days young it is B-)
WILL YOU JUST GIVE IT A REST ALREADY?! RT : I most want to thank for helping me be brave.
thanks 4 the mention
is that an idea?
curiosity yes! when washed overboard, take some clues from the sky and start swimming. Don't just traf water.
I like your dog! We have a boston terrier who has us trained pretty well! LOL He lets us know when he wants to play.
Yes, it is. You should OPENLY wish it. RT : Is it wrong that a 45-year-old woman secretly wishes she was a drummer in a rock band?
The video game Battlefield 3 has the song "99 Problems" onthe commercial. Im guessing 'bitches' arent the source of a lot of gamers problems
RT : The #ReStore, sponsored by #Habitat is always looking for donations! Drop by anytime with old appliances, furniture, or...
Chris Webber looks like he's had a hard ass life. Damn.
Need a "co-organizer" for my gotowebinars while I speak, maybe record them too. Monthly at 4pm EST. Not rocket science. If interested,...
one last thing. Scotty, James, Casey. best and hottest idol performance. night!!!!
psyched to go home for the weekend. lil sis is graduating and i haven't seen a michigan tree since february. ..and it was barren.
RT Fetish Houston this Thursday!!
Braun with the trifecta 3 home runs tonight! Good to see him smiling as he runs around the bases.
you goin to university of Memphis
On my way to (hopefully) sunny Budapest to shoot some video..
I was fskw cause I was the only one that aint have it.
I love taking road trips for music festivals visiting cities ontheway, the new people we meet, the unpredictable weather and ...
Lol the "wowreally" to bad that's my moms
RT : RT : My Biggest Fear is losing My Mother
Thank you for the follow. We write about Web Hosting for the WHIR -- Web Host Industry Review.
Writing a story! And im on chap 4 already :)
awe (: well I'm happy for you!!!!
m, 5 more minutes
There were more than 200 articles and op-eds published in 2011 in defense of
Let me know. We have a nice place to feature such a thing.
The past is gone, the future is not yet here, and if we do not go back to ourselves in the present moment, we cannot be in touch with life
rose are red violets are blue one out of a million boyz and i choose take your hand hold it colse show you tht i love you most<3
you are welcome Moira!! You're going to love it!
Jason and I just use a shared Google calendar
Q was shaking too hard lmao
Dude, do a real show sometime...
Buck Funting strikes again. #stopbunting And Izturis can be cut any day now. Too many mistakes with his very limited skillset.
I'm declaring to you all "The Heaven's R Open" now if u know God its established if u believe His Prophet' s u shall prosper!
Not a fan of Gist?
wow, guess I need to follow to keep up with these things - thanks! :)
Rumors are spreading in the Continental Army camp in Boston that the British may be preparing for an attack.
Thank you for following!
Awe, thank you!
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) What kind of donuts do the Boyz like? :DD 39
Thanks to for an amazing presentation!
one of those Ls was the first round overtime loss to byu and jimmer.
I should get some sleep!! 3:15am Goodnight yall, i may tweet throughout the rest of the night!!
Oh okay well what u waiting on? Lol also do u have the iPhone 4?
I'm 60 and I know it. -Madonna
A mega thank you from Champions Against Bullying.
What about Bob Saget?
u r so much better than coffee
your sexy
Setting up some exciting new plays behind the scenes to launch July 1st. More soon.
Happy 4th!!! I wanna hot dog.
Happy Mothers Day!!!
They feel like my last words.
Thrilled to see Christian S-S in Philadelphia!
Im home today. no work! Where are ya at
: Ha! "father forgive my friend she knows not what she says..." Lolol
Go Riteway has just signed onto #WellCity #Milwaukee. Wellness programs for bus drivers. Great.
Thanks Jim Green... you're an AMAZING speaker.
string cheese?
I cant lie....Im definitely leaning more towards terrified!! lol.
#NowPlaying Keep Me In Mind by Zac Brown Band from You Get What You Give (Deluxe)
I am playing
only if YELLING BILL comes along.
you know has no idea who brett favre is.
Take notice that changed his twitter name to and changed his to !!
Hi! We are here in Westlake at #TMTDU with Looking forward to our slumber party tomorrow night! cc
This is worst on field celebration i've ever seen After a title game
Gotye sane mixes are so weird to me...
It got even kreepier...her name was Karla. So funny!
love your recent newsletter!
Wow... you predicted 45-40, Missed it by 2 points? Did you have Chip Kelly's playbook?
true. A multiple offender too? This guy needs to be taught a lesson. If Haynesworth got 5, Suh gets more.
Pretty amazing that last years Hornets, and this years Clippers, will finish with similar winning percentages/point differentials.
Ramirez was pushing too hard swung at ball 4 twice
excellent! and I have plenty of notes on Gatsby so wouldn't take too much time to prep. (teaching a "writing about lit" course)
Strawberry Smoothies These strawberry smoothies make an energizing breakfast, snack or dessert the kids will love. Although I don't like
these twitter TT's are just highly obsessed with black people.
Beach was fun. Rocky learned to swim. :)Now time for home work :(
Reality check: Inheriting your money, success, opportunity, etc. is not earning it. Stop being a prick and pay it forward.
Harper Simon - Tennessee - 09:36 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
In Arizona immigration case, Supreme Court justices cast doubt on government&#39;s argument
I surely to goodness can't be the only person in America who can't stand RaeLynn and her fake/trying to hard sound!! YUCK.
Tried prayin for forgiveness but god told me to shut up
Did you have relaxing weekend? Let's hear about it.
I'm not kidding, I really do still have it with Bobby Orr, of course, on the cover. Poor Emilio and me. Just old....<g>.
really with these jokes right now on the bus lmfao
Feel empty because my baby isnt sleepin nxt to me. . :( night khi.
The negative will return the weight to its starting position
Sick:( been out of school since tuesday
haha and btw I like Justin bieber's new song(;
My nuggets are making a run down by 8
no problem. Keep up the good work!
nope. Haven't had tea. Spilled Sundrop though.
LOL yeah my boy just said that I cracked up laughing
thank you!
same here, well born Virginia raised in Texas... Lol
Wow, schools just dont seem so safe anymore :/
G-Shirt
DUDE ME TOO. weird..
Watching #Fringe with my dad then heading back to school...
I mean I know why.. But like if you said you loved me.. Feelings like love just don't disappear...
No. I've seen several tweets about it though.
Excited 2 see former colleagues & friends + meet a bunch of new ones this wknd thx to + local TV 4 sponsoring
Members Card Red Sox under 8 even (20 units)
“: Real men never stop trying to show a girl how much she means to him, even after he's got her.”
Really hard to motivate students to do work on the first day back from break. Tough for me too.
Who's a good person to chat with about the Internt'l Brand Marketing position?
the beacon show :D
<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> RT : I have nothing to bitch about.
just broke my pen drive
reading Power per your #TWiST reco. You know, you just might be the best CEO in the history of business.
So that's how this story ends: a Liniscus tear.
80% of the time there should be no marketing messages in your content.
Yeah I don't get that because....I don't go to OSU
so my ex pilot guy totally just tried to get me to come over. i declined.
If everything's either a "secret" or "lost," how come it's on TV?
I retract "finally".
And it is bewildering. Scary, even. I'm not sure I do know myself, even for all the frakking introspection I do.
Yeah go ahead and type a bunch of dots then say nevermind. It took more fucking time to do that then it would've been to just erase. Stupid.
maybe you should get off twitter and Facebook both! Haha she's lookin right at you
right on bro life is good with us and u must be busy filming season 3 of my favorite show :)
yea i do why ?
Did you get mah text?
LOL that's so funny! Yep, gotta make that distinction even at that age :))
Gotta' search somewhere else.
They made me put pants on :c.
that's great brother! he already comes with targets on his body. that's what the stars on his chest are for, right??
Just now got the word: the admission requirement for Canned Acoustica 4 tomorrow night is now three school supplies from the list, not two.
Oracle to Hold MySQL Connect Conference in San Francisco September 29 and 30, 2012
I was hungry! And besides you said you didn't care!
My dreams keep me up at night thriving with intensions of fruition. Chás This...
I'm sorry and for not making it tonight. :/
True. For me, the LX5 is enough haha.
Happy birthday Phoebe
feel better soon! might want to make up a tough guy story (that excludes the bit about the accordion)
Very cool. We are still using Bugzilla. We recently gave it a facelift but it is still painful
But having 2 jobs wit no car tho #Dagger -___-
Yes! Hosmer deep!
It's you, it's you, it's all for you. Every little thing that I do. <U+2665>
Just wanted to say, Suck it, Latos-haters.
thanks, mate!
please. I can't watch you leave.
Hello everybody!!;) How are you??
I love Spring!
Want to know how people talk about businesses? Do a Twitter search for "customer service" and see how SM weighs in on business! INTERESTING!
"is following you a distraction for me?"
Very busy day: Server maintenance, #Warof1812 in-house requests, grant meeting, etc.
that one was so so. There's much crazier ones.
wearing my Miami Dade basketball t shirt going to fireworks show
Stop by the at 4:00 on the dot for a "Craft Cans & Kan-Jam" Frisbee Tourney featuring & more...
challenge accepted.
Get advice on better living at www.scoresluda.com
wtf... made every green light from pioneer sq to lower queen anne
minus the meth, that was clearly an exaggeration haha
Davis/Ki may have surpassed Finlay/Ki which I also thought was great and was definitely my favorite Ki singles outing in DGUSA/Evolve.
Well, that was depressing. But good news for who won the final pool.
Great line.
I wasnt high at thee game!
Robert Hegyes, the Jersey-born actor who played Epstein on the 1970s classic "Welcome Back Kotter," died this morning. He was 60.
Godspeed, MCA. Thanks for all the good works and happy memories!
Can we bring anything to the ranch for ranchparty?
Where did those beers cone from???
Mini rose plants were $17+ at #Lowes in Bluefield & $7 at #WalMart, Kimball #WV. It's the same company. Am I missing something?
Who knew that Sunset Regret would bring such cheer...
Thanks for coming out Scott! RT : Just left dinner. Came over to Smokin Hot aces for cocktail or 3.
Gahh I'm so stressed
I wanna go for a motorcycle ride...
Yesterday spent the best day with that babe :3 O4.1O.12
Apparently, thinks Tupac looks like a gingerbread man. hahahahahahahaah
Will he see his shadow? It's not Punxsutawney Phil but we'll be in the a.m.
Going down to The King Center??? Mention Our MLK Special and Recieve 10% Off Regular Rate
i love lake tahoe!(:
MBrady said, "...The world can never appreciate it [my photography]. It changed the whole course of my life."
"Never drink milk from a coconut you have found in the dark"
Um Wat shall ur name be
Me too Teresa or in A Steeler Bar,drinking cold ones and eating wings lol
I want those white LeBron 9 Elite's so bad. Why do they have to be so damn expensive?
I. Just. Lost. The. Volleyball. Game. Fml
Q6: We must continue to advocate for the importance of the federal role in education
Man my iPhone dies to fast :/ stupid 4s. Fuck it tho I'm get the 5 when it drops
enjoy! And thanks!!
Another big key to reaching your goals-give up the quick-fix mentality. Quick fixes are what you seek when you’re hiding from your life.
where are they?
Blow! Bang!! my niggas holding that pain, I just hope you praying.
Affordable Web Designing, Web Development, E-Commerce Websites, Logo Designing, Multimedia Video Post-Production, TV Video Commercials
Did you catch our interview with ? They have a free trial of their services. Take a quick look when you can!
I think I've found both my new life goal & first Kickstarter idea.
Hahahaha Three of my favorite words: a, ma and zing!
I have an unhealthy obsession with oil pastels...they glide onto the page so smoothly. :D
Wow. Two specials on the menu tonight at : waygu beef cheek lettuce wraps and golden king crab roll. Order both. Mind blowing.
guess i'll be finding a way to move us back to alabama once school is out :(
Just survived Neil Diamond traffic jam. Was starting to feel dispair, but then 'America' came on. No sweat.
Thanks! I'm an idiot.
Plz RT Birthday wishes to my son!!!(And follow)
Was it any good?
Noah's out here on a bad ankle. So NBA players have no heart? Huh?
a sad Saturday...
New logo in the works.
Sweet, M83 tickets purchased. Less sweet: $24.75 in fees on two $28 tickets.
Grind hard, create your own lane.
My bestfriend cut off 12 inches of her hair & donated it to The Locks Of Love Foundation. :)
What kind?
(Glendale) Crash @ SB I-43 north @ Silver Spring. Right lane closed. Report of injuries
Hello dear friends
I'm also deleting valeriefuck, jwowwcunt, and jaspercunt. New twitter can SUCK MY DICK.
I was going to go see Hangover, but I have so much fun things to do at home like... wash some carpets. I will try and get some painting in.
Am I the only one who can't wait for the kids to open their #Christmas presents? They'll be so excited!
Don't forget to stop by and pick up some BBQ and cole slaw for your UVa Tailgate tomorrow! Go Hoos!
Missed out on a friends bday... So I shall give him his gift later. Happy 24th
Love can neither be bought or sold, its only price is love.
Looking to book you wedding!
well ur pretty awesome too =)
i feel that anything outside of america is romantic...maybe because i've never been outside it!!!
We haven’t tested iOS 5 on iPhone 4 yet. We’ll look into it and put out a bug fix.
Hope you had a wonderful weekend!
Bill Schroeder leads off the 2nd with a single, but Brewers don't score. 1-2-3 inning for Nieves. Head to the 3rd, #Brewers lead 1-0!
im starving FUCK!!!
at home, hbu?
Can't sleep...
good piece.
Good day.
for yo password? I responded hoe
Anyone else having trouble listening to anything other than Watch The Throne?
If all you need is a great QB, what's up with the Chargers & Phillip Rivers? Teams need BALANCE! Run & pass. Off & Def. Both.
um but there is a parking garage next to the stadium
Marvin's room is the story of my life except the naked pics part hahahahha
Well we are heading to West End Johnny's tonight....never heard back....
My phones stupid it always sends double tweets! Ughh.
's response 2 Aaron's #MVP award "so what time do you guys play tomorrow" means he knows I will not be attending his SB party
Live track ending as soon as I get to class = applause as I walk in the room.
Jane Eyre? Wuthering Heights? Something about those Brontes locked away scribbling feverishly - it's pretty heady!
Definition of dedication. House to myself on Saturday morning, but going to work out instead.
Finite Jest
I need some froyo ASAP >.<
Someday, Mad Men. Someday I will learn that there is nothing to be gleaned from your "next week on." But today will not be that day.
im gonna be in troy this week. and i will be blasting every chance i can.
thanks so much! :)
Do the. Potty dance.
It's May 17th But Thank You. Not Thinking That Far Ahead.
Of course boeheim changed his tune based on the evidence presented. Anybody would have. It's only natural.
so I am going to Japan in November! PS got your Facebook message. Will respond later.
Badly called Dream/Sun game
Something special about the smell of the football field. 1st night of practice complete.
I got 2 Saturday detentions U KNOW WAT I SAY BOUT THAT OK FUCK THEM BITCHES I HATE MR. ASS FUCK ND MRS. BITCH FUCK ALL I DID IS HAVE CONDOMS
Harpoons, eh? I will investigate! As for tomorrow, maybe a drink around 7? I'm at the sheraton next to the convention center
#May/25 "LIVE" @ Harold Washington Culture Center ** $25 & $50 tickets* PERFORMING "LIVE"
My eyeballs hurt. Everything fun and productive during the day is done with your eyes open.
It was great to see you! Someday we shall lunch!
Happy Birthday!!! =D
Shouts to both my brothers locked up! Love yall JaVel and Jamon Bates
Looking forward to my Higher Ed IT Law and Policy Update session later this month in Portland, OR.
": Ladies pleasure comes with pain so take the dick and SHUT THE HELL UP! #EroticSexFacts" I knw that's right
I just wanna know who putting the stamp of approval on all this BULLSHIT music.. i guess ACTUALLY knowing HOW to rap dnt matter...
this is so cute. I think I'm gonna cry.
it was a joke...
Soul guitarist Kevin Sandbloom is the feature this week at Next2Blow open mic. Thursday.
Fabulous catch-up/reunion lunch with my homies!
Join for the screening of "Waiting for Superman" this Thursday :30pm in the Student Success Center Clary Theatre....
About to go through some major changes. Taking control. Serious mode. #roadto400 on hold #defeatthecurse gymtime
RT um, BTE, they're still alive and kickin; check out before the robots. and how does your garden grow. great albums.
Education is not only a ladder of opportunity, but it is also an #investment in our future. - Ed Markey
You goin' diss me even though you know its wrong, but you goin' miss me a little when i'm gone
RT if you ever had to hold someone down while they went up the road..
Good afternoon... God is good... Remember that!
Hope you survived the crazy business last week.
Lol my eyes burn
i cringe when ppl say to me "no i believe in carbs" (aka GRAINS) Im always like paleo is NOT anti-carb! ugh makes me crazy
Does anyone know of any purely online music-related internships? I work full time but I do literally NOTHING all day. I wanna be useful!
You're welcome!
Thnx 4 the shout out Vince! Keep moving forward!
If I don't get the chance to tell all of you mother HAPPY MOTHERS DAY<U+2755><U+2755><U+2755>
Office debate about if the Hulk can die/what can kill him is going on 30 minutes; other departments being brought in
Can't wait till April 20th.. :)
#20thingsaboutme I believe in Jesus Christ.
Hey Re-tweet me if you love to shop at Southern Ivy!
Calling it an early night. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
have you guys had a good amount of people to sign up for the class?
yes sir
pretty good.
My girlfriend can cook some goodazz soul food and chinese food. Caucasian foods ight lol
god i dont know what id do with music
<--- most beautiful actress and defiantly one of the prettiest girls alive. #crush #JustSaying #marryme lol
Encourage your followers to participate and reward them for their loyalty. Promotional campaigns are very helpful for a brand.
The Bad Beginning by Lemony Snicket: 3 Orphans w/Bad Luck
Thanks to for stopping by the Radio Now Soundstage!! Such a cool show...we'll have the video up shortly :)
One sal. Then me. I blame that clothing class. Smh.
So my sister saw your twitter picture & said "Wow, her hair got super dooper longer!" ;))
Worked to a 2-2 count w/ #RajaiDavis on the 3rd. Came inside and got #muscled. Then, #EdwinEncarnacion homered.
Can someone tell me what the fuck it means to call a woman a "slut"? I'm confused, because these days it seems to be able to mean anything.
my toes hurt so badly )):
Patio opens at 10am today! Going to be a perfect day for delicious food and drinks on one of our patios!
Don't miss on Fearless Radio tonight at 5PM central. Tweet your questions to and listen at www.fearlessradio.com
“: RT : Bitches is really ugly out here”
We are available to play any small bar, house party, wedding, office party, barmitzvah or quinceañera. Hit is up for more info.
hey honey dont flatter urself lmao hani is an old friend of mine get lost
Hanover is a great, constantly evolving insurance company. Seems to be very aggressive on lines of business they want to write.
cool! Have fun at the #pbskidsvips #danieltiger breakfast today!
Happy #EarthDayEveryone! Go out and enjoy this beautiful weather were having.
When people try to upsell me I get offended. "No, I don't want your shitty insurance."
“: Who likes gummy bears cause i do c:” I do O:
Ok! :D When you met Zayn? You are so cute...<3 Follw Me...<3
If my sister takes my air conditioner out of my room at all the next 3 months she's getting punched
I hope I'm top of my game as well as Christopher Plummer when I get to 82 years old.
This school done got so damn boring :/
to 11:11 and now to #SAYSOMETHIN !You have came so far,I'm so proud of you!<3 I love you ; your song is perfection! <3 17
Another #virginiatech shooting? I wonder if it was another crazy asian guy
I've just been thinking, 'is it a full moon?'
Dirks commercial lol > put the team on your back Dirk
It's mine I spend it (<U+270C> chainz voice)
What?!? That's crazy. I might have to ban him. Have you seen/used any of the kitty game apps? I'm unlimited phone, 2gb iPad
What is the new paradise release date?
How come my grandmother called into work so she can go to the "grand opening" of Marshalls
Break That Single! taking the Fluff out of mainstream. 6pm-9pm @ 4700 Maryland pkwy.& Tropicana @ the Freakin Frog you don't want to miss it
Aww that would be so fun! Do you want to deliver the pizzas?
Go to bed at 8, wake up at 2?
A mother's love is a demonstration of love's most natural expression.
Thanks for the sweet note! I hope you're enjoy the blue skies this morning!
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com RT FOR JUSTIN!
alright got it
Sitting in Dr Seuss park at sunset. Dr Seuss art would be horrifying if nothing but color palette was changed. Think corroded earth tones :(
Let me talk with our developers, what is your user name for Snoball and 4sq?
Maestro's mixing & mingling with the best in Orthopaedic education, research & technology at #AAOS2012 in San Francisco....
Well good for you guys.. At least you guys are trying to be a team.. then, there's us :/
lmao I know
At the "World of Wheels" today @ the Fairgrounds in Indy....
Dont be afraid of failure.
Happy bday ManMan! LOVE! >>": With the fam -- girls Mrs. Fame, Tsana & the boys "
Mothers Day's coming up & the ideal gift is a well deserved mom-trip! Check our brilliant animated logo on myTab.co to celebrate all moms!!
I'm bored haha :)
Parties with stripper poles = entertaining
You'd think Timmy Chandler was replacing Philipp Lahm with as much attention he is getting on my twitter feed...
so much music.so little time!
But... he was the most exciting young player for them. Like, the catcher's version of Kershaw a couple of years ago.
sadly no ! I wish they would though , did they go Australia?
Rest in paradise MCA!!
Being COO the corporation my family owned really allowed me to improve my performance as the CEO of T3<U+0394>M<U+0394>V3NG3R$.
have a safe
Right-handed people live, on average, nine years longer than left-handed people.
i hope no one ever has to be in the shoes Im standing in right now... Worst feeling in the world.
Cloud-based mustache bald cap social network/aggregator. is technical co-founder.
Wish I was watching me some Lakers!
I wanna go to a Live Show of the upcoming season of when I'm in Long Beach :)
If they cant be with you, they talk about you.
yeah man, get that piece of paper. That's what counts. And yeah we do need to catch up, its been a minute.
Who said LeBron can't shoot? Yeah I already said it
is it me but does Mark look like he has a 5 year olds hair cut? #McKenzie reminds me of somebody, cant name it right now tho
Hey, my mother told me Sarah got all A's on her report card. Sweet! Tell her I said nice going.
of course you! Love you too momma Beth
Trying to #write, but I'm being distracted by my neighbor yelling at someone over the phone. Unless he's talking to himself. Again.
I guess because I had to leave Indiana, #Peyton couldn't stay either.
Hip-hop is supposed to uplift and create, to educate people on a larger level and to make a change. Doug E. Fresh
$199 for 1 Year Unlimited Laser Hair Removal (Soprano XL) Sessions for 3 Body Parts at Chic-Era ($4500 Value)
when it come on?
best friends....?
constantly dropping your cell...
Home office! Now I can work on projects in comfort! Love my downtown office but sometimes it's great to work from home!
I am chile. real soon.
Lebron wont get a ring tell he play for a elite coach 0 tolerance coach
I LOVE STRIPPERS!
I'm so mad earlier I was craving a porterhouse steak with loaded potato an broccoli but now I'm not that hungry for it ????
I enjoy this very much! Hehe :)
YW! The #GSummit lineup looks awesome!
he said terminal c, near where you get off tram. Said someone hit 3.5 million there. I'll be checking it out in an hour :-)
sweet where are u going for a vacat at homie
no you anit you are so fine looking
9 more days of school. I can do this.
Daughter Raquel turns 11 today! Hooray!
great game Nazr. Hate to see my rockets lose but good for you. Feel for Happened right in front of me. Ouch.
WHOA WHOA. Wade didn't get the foul called?
i love austin carter mahone and alex ruben constancio
Raise a little hell.
Definitely depends on who you ask. It seems like so many pick and choose from it anymore. Sad.
Thousands of American Servicemen & women will be placed in harms way in Afghanistan through 2024
home opener is tonight! Brazilian & baseball go well together!
Oh yeah well first you have to download emoji and an app on your iphone.
I'm loved in many places, the Hood being one of them.
When is Netflix gonna get with the picture and throw 'Alien Nation' up on streaming?!
Aw, shucks. Thank you both!
I'm better at butchery than dart throwing, it seems, but I am so getting an atlatl!
i love my mom, i'd be nothing without her! she is always there to help me no matter what . i love you so much mommy <U+2665>
Con't... I will defiantly be getting one of these! The movie in the intro was awesome too!
A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEAUTIFUL
has to be a DVD. CD's hold 700mb of data. Win7 is over 1GB
Oh is all too serious. if I ever got to a point where I knew some McD's employee by name I'd blow my head off.
Delayed gratification?! That's un-American!
whoa<3 just woke up to my 70th follower<3 thanks guise :3 !!
what? there's no iron chef tonight because of this rachel v guy train wreck. this is bullshit.
Thanks, but won't make it later. Will I see you ?
Yep its shaping up to be an Amazing 2012!!! Amazing Singles being released Soon!!! JO-WAYNE n is a serious duo!!! JTP
The first time this happened when my hair got wet, I barely had my hair in for 2 weeks. Granted, I went scuba diving
Teague, there is a reason they are letting you shoot the 3!!!! #youcan't
l love your storey carry on mwa
The hubs and I have taken a vow of anti-french fry. As soon as I threw the idea out, he reached into the freezer and trashed all the fries.
I wish I never would have broken my arm. <U+E14C>
I always work myself into a leadership position. It's a gift and a curse. Sometimes I'd rather sit back and enjoy the ride.
We eat lefsa:-)
great job last night ladies!
yeah you are
Yeah my dude Lavoy Allen came to Detroit to mess with me before he got drafted let's go philly
Hey don't be a
took me a half second to guess your email to invite you lol.
Hell yea! In south beach son!
Easy for you to say . Everything goes your way .. !
Too bad that Fox can't lose audio power for the game, and just have the video.
I've been taking notes by summarizing each chapter once I finish, which helps a lot.
Thank you Andrea, and a sweet earth day to you too!! ")
RT : Half a Yellow Sun by Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie about Nigeria & the Biafran War, is excellent. Anything by her is excellent.
What English Sounds Like to People Who Don't Speak It
New video is SO FUCKING AWESOME. Spread the word.
Why pay $4 for a bottle of BUD when you can get a draft of yuengling for $3
I've come to conclusion that if Demi doesn't tweet the day her music video comes out than she has no motivation about her career.
is amazing, & i wouldnt be able to live without her. she completes my life btw, this was not her (: (FOLLOWME,ifOLLOWBACk)
"To dance is to be yourself. Larger, more beautiful, more powerful. This is power on earth and it is for the taking."
": J Cole doesn't suck Idc what anyone says" who the hell said he sucked?
I too would have killed bin Laden even though Bush brought down the towers.
get in my pants
nobody puts baby in the corner
Thanks for the shout out! ;)
Thanks for the FF-o-sity!
for real -____- we're getting early to school (y)
Tonight should be an interesting evening at the home of & ! PEYTONNNN!!!
I want to tip those cupcakes. Martha let me knock it over. That would make my day.
#First20SongsOnShuffle Live My Life and Boyfriend!<33
Yes please
#MyProblemIs is that i will alwayz have a place in my for you be i cant be with you
"Find the linear speed of a point that moves with constant speed in a circular motion if the point travels along the circle of arc length..
The most important quality in a leader is that of being acknowledged as such
Totally been off my game with the weight loss the last month or so! Frustrating to say the least!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
<< short & light skinned tho (;
RT : If there's no hedge fund shorting venture-backed nontechnical founding teams trying to hire developers... there should be. ...
thankss(: tell all your friends to check out and go to bryantjames.com! Thnnkkss
: already a funny story from last night. Scene: group of frat boys & moms drinking beer. Mom brings up 50 Shades of Grey....
Living in the twilight zone today
Thanks...One Love!
I will never work at Walmart or MC Donald's! Lol (:< never
We never know which of us will start the chain reaction. But one of us will. - Colin Beavan
i'm deleting hundreds of accidentally created #drupal nodes and once again wishing i knew more command line SQL :(
Also in some of the comics, Tony Stark is the director of SHIELD and not Nick Fury.
S/o to this fake kid here...
Typical, looks like God is gonna pee on my plans. Hoping it clears by pregame time.
Our patio is open! Be the 1st to enjoy the Echo patio this year!
They’re gonna bring projector/screen….should be great, we’ve never done it before on our events yet!
my birthdays in 6 days!! but i have a competition on my birthday :(
my shirt bottom keeps opening and it had to be where my boobs are -.-
() 0 <- that phone troll keeps calling. Waste of time. Block 'em.
-Don't say I love you nd you dont mean it; Because then there is no real reason/worth to waste your breathe on lies
Sneak In a Lunch Break Workout. Grab a friend and go for a short run or walk while you have a break in the day.
Keep Following My Back-Up ~~>
Thanks for passing Angel Dance along!
Our heart beats for Ariana <U+2665>
If you think being a musician is easy...give it a go and you'll see.
Getting new car insurance and its so fuckin trash. Might have just found 1 tho
according the the booster next to me
hey Jordan! Great seeing you last night. You killed it with Unbroken & The Right Words! See ya around the 'hood.
For sure! I'll see you there!
I want you catch a fish for my... someday :)
damn we must not be family niggas on stranga time
Perkins need to be in the dleague
shoot! Seat location: Madison, WI
I'll get you an application!
Is it me or does Jim Harbaugh look like an older Daniel Tosh?
awh thanks so much :)
Just signed up for Orientation @ The MMAC on 4/24
nothing u?
made all the candidates cupcakes. i made myself a cake
the cashier just went silent when and I were buying that
sure thing
that Shiraz tweet was nice and upbeat. hey did you tell how you really feel about his book?
Pork shoulder, lamb shanks, tomatoes, chicken stock, herbs, and cinnamon. I'm going to serve it with sautéed kale. I'm excited.
Shouldn't it have some sort of timer so that it turns itself off? And how did YOU end up with this contraption ??!!
Airline service has gone down the tube. I wish more people would freak out on power obsessed flight attendants more often!
They're yummy!
Galax VA not just a haven for oldtime fiddlers anymore. Good tomme style cheese (Meadow Creek - Appalachian) too! Thanks
According to , it's also been licensed to Old Navy as "Bust a Tunic."
doing some boring but necessary and useful site maintenance: tagging pages that I forgot to tag when I wrote them.
at Coral Reef Senior, 7pm. Fans always get rowdy. Players/Coaches usually get carded. Heated Rivalry. Should be very fun.
Roundup tonight!!!! Can't wait!!! :D
Arriving in Denver for #ATS this week. Long airport bus ride to downtown in the rain.
she brought food,she got fucked...she knew wassup.
Another #FinalFriday event thanks to in OTR. "Latte Art Throwdown" starts at 6PM this Friday 4/29! 110 E. Central Parkway!
Hate when I write a song then Dnt save quite yet then computer die! Ugh Smh I should of just saved!!!!
“: STFU with your Google Quotes BITCH !!!”lmfao actually all ur tweets just deactivate ur account seriously here let me help!
Well the excitement about the #bucks was fun while it lasted.false sense of hope again...
got sum thangs that need to be taken care of
i got hacked. i didnt post that
Hello, Jack. We have received each of your emails, despite the error message. Thanks for notifying us. Good day!
Shout out to all the recent followers, Thank You! New tracks will start being released soon.
Wonderful day with the family
OMG they just ran over a girl riding her bike i hope she is okay
Time to loose more weight.
haha! Right! Reminding myself!!!
Thanks for the follow and kudos for the best profile description ever.
wow, sounds hot.
Praise the Lord. Congrats
Snap yo fingas, do ya step. You can do it all by yo' self, let me see ya do it.
I think it's kinda freaky to see her and hear someone with a deep voice talking.
i don't have dates yet, but august-september is what it'll probably be. and hell yeah we will party! haha.
where are you going?
am sure they were
looks soo hot!!!
Happy Birthday to Delta Airlines MD 88 Fleet! Delta
I miss the calming sound of you eating all day.. its like white noise
That was a BFF text!
yeah I went there today. =))
Find a way everyday to do something big or small to help someone! The feeling of paying it forward is rewarding, not to mention contagious
what are your Monday in May lunches like? I'd love to play catchup in RL?
does the Webster one have a climbing wall ?
If a #Skyrim player wants to really impress me, they'll train one of those dragons and form a traveling circus
Hate when people come in portillos and complain if u broke dont take yo ass downtown
Loves seeing you, Christina--thanks for working your magic!!
I don't understand why some people exercising their right to free speech find it necessary to destroy property.
Just checked out 's music. One word:
a little bit rusty, that wasn't gonna be a surprise. but just hope they can do what Thunder did last night.
If you hit the Mega Millions would you TELL THE WORLD or GO ANONYMOUS??????
I had a wonderful birthday weekend. Loads of fun, a new restaurant and dueling pianos... Brilliant!
if you have a hello kitty tattoo, i'm not judging you, unless i see you at kalahari.
4Blondes: 65% of speech is in the body..."lovers" speech can often be 100% body language...y-owe-zers! So D for talking and A for knocking!
That's not unique to Jews. Many evangelical Christians believe all non-Evangelicals to be hell-bound (Jews, Catholics, Lutherans, etc)
BOUT TO GET iT CRUNK TONiGHT FOR BRADDAH BABA'S PARTY AT MOJOES iN KANEOHE LET'S GET NiCE!!! ALOJAH FRiDAY!!!
How do you explain to an insurance company that your piano was eaten by a tree?
If a girl offers you gum, it means she wants to kiss you later. It's not an insult; just take the gum.
definitely get some packaging tape and place over the screen
Starting on May 19th...you all are going to need to vote for my full of sass and stout Whiskey cocktail for Details coming
Go WashingtonDC! Go ScienceFest! Come here, y'all and see our science celebration!
Mendeley's Repository pilot project going into mainstream in 2 weeks!
Gracious schmacious; women need to hear it! RT : perhaps not my most gracious quote, but true, nonetheless :)
killing it indeed. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
sounds good. We make hits
Father can you hear me im callin out your name,.
PT : Roger Clyne & the Peacemakers are one of the best bands in the world. Can't wait to see them next month.
my bad, i should be citing on those tweets
Thanks for spreading the word.
no i'm not lucky i'm blessed yes.
My hometown Miami Heat what about you?
San Diego music thing is coming up--! Get some tickets and let's do this.... Sept 10 at u31
#weliveinaworldwhere levis are the best jeans in the world
frozen yogurt! And check out the expensive stuff in the jewelry case!
uhmmm I'm not sure I know what you think I was referring to??!! #YOLO right haha
Unfortunately I don't be in SF at the end of the month - enjoy though! We will have to continue to connect online.
... Is great with lots of things that are not gluten free! :)
Take a SHOT for me !
gotta love some burma superstar. Have you tried the Rainbow Salad?
Fantastic! Part of exhibition about sports! Going to be really fun for communities across the U.S.!
coolgi go out to you beach
Eminem: Angry Blonde.
never have I ever
I'm a Obama supporter but no one should be criticized for what they did in HS. I'm sure we all would be in trouble.
Just lettn' ya know.. is the BEST radio host!! Jealous? (;
#iheartradio tv campaign. Hm
I feel like Im watching Predator vs Aliens with some of these dread hairstyles.
If I had to pick, I think Heather would b my favorite. She's the moat real and will call ppl out... like Alexis.
I just need one for myself. U might wanna hit up too
YES!x LOOK AT THE TWEETS THERE IS PROOF IN THE PICTURES!x RT B!TCHES
“Content is NOT king – seeding and promotion tactics of said content is king.” -Brian Chappell
Even Santa has an iPhone lol. Love that commercial....
Tim Tebow is cover boy of the premiere issue of NFL Magazine. But he doesn't show up inside until the magazine's final quarter.
Montgomery, i'm just trying to help you with your grammar.
Oral drug test analysis found five times more heroin use in the U.S. workforce than previously believed, says Quest Diagnostics
Oh it does! Thanks and good luck in your final year!
no. Its a comedy tv show.
Day already starting to suck
I sure hope so. I'm rooting for him and the Giants.
“: There he goes its Dan Schu, there he goes it's Dan Schu ---” There he goes its E Trayn! Haha Lunar tonight!! Let's go!!
sorry to bother you, Oldie McOlderson.
Sending a shout out to our Infunitum App Fans in Canada. Thank you for playing Infunitum!
o shitt,forgot i got kicked out of my 5th period.Different class O.o
you da best! Definitely the best "cookie" ever!
#follow Vanessa has beautiful crafted unique jewelry when you like something special
Excited to try for lunch today. Could also be tempted to stop for a beer float...
you really are a weirdo
what kind is that?
Had fun mixing some great acoustic songs today.
The T.V News is all bullshit. It's just brainwashing everyone.
if only legislators could hear the stories and from the #poor. People on the hill should read the Working Poor by Shipler, -Tianna Gaines
Anyone have a crane? I just finished lunch at and i can't move! As usual GREAT MEAL AND GREAT SERVICE!
I strut in my birthday suit... :-)
"I'm getting my green belt in mind control." - Lou Rugani
Umm, excuse me? Obama has been the worst president for organized labor since Bush!
Wizards star John Wall @ The Safeway BBQ battle in DC today @ 3pm
The Seahawks top receiver is ranked 108 in receptions. That means, on avg, each of the other 31 #NFL teams have 3.5 players w/ more catches.
yes, student needs to interview him. Do u know if they're open Friday?
Classic music, classic cocktails, good food, good times. #RetroOnThePatio Tonight starting at 6:00.
I got to see today!
Isn't it a gorgeous morning? Happy NO WIND Friday, ABQ! - From our Twitter feed ()
Sorry to hear that part. The result in thinking based on a flawed system.
I am not sure but welcome the opportunity to find out!!
One in the oven...
Free wine tasting today Saturday 03/10/12 in Aptos. Look for the Store More Amerinca at 9687 Soquel Dr. Just off of Highway 1 at Rio Del Mar
S.Palin I understand ur need2create generational wealth&security4ur clan. Please put ur publicist money2work by supporting qualified people!
real quick !
too hard to find a source ;)
real hard I fuck with this music for real
I ain't forget, I ignored it
Let's go Bruins!
Had a fun day with I just wish I wasn't so nervous.
LMFAO NEVER! hahahahahahahahahahaha i was stalking your page as usual <3 and saw this haha
Not a good way to start the job, huh?! RT : New nanny. First day. 30 minutes late.
LOL. You'll be so busy trying to find the room you should be in that you won't think about tweeting.
lol....okay ill let you slide...lol
Yes, ugly ugly stuff.
ohh ya 19 on ACT .. FIRST TRY.! YA BABY
Waiting for u to follow me back is like waiting for a shirtless pic of !! Follow me back??? Yes?? No.. Man :'(
nice gear
RT I'm sure Snooki will be a great mother.
My thoughts on #sportingkc at the moment is no one is afraid of losing their spot in the starting lineup. Players are too content.
Stars #Theorie_van_het_Konijn is wearing yellow this Saturday check out why www.livestrong.org/livestrongday
I know, & it's only the first round!
it's politics as usual they still hate the D's for Bay of Pigs so the R's blow smoke at them. And the US looks like fools.
I know that's not interesting at all, but trying to get in the habit of work-related tweeting.
8.36 minutes of perfection. Suite Sioux. Red Clay.
damn alright. And i got plans for saturday already -_- will figure something out
#jumbolove - then, now, always
Sonic has Sweet Potato Tots!!!! <Snoopy dance of Joy>
Love the new UI of Twitter. Good jobs
Totally awesome. RT : It's true! RT : Just in case you wondered Rebecca from is super awesome!
RT : Opponents are now 0-for-their-last-32 vs. #Twins Jared Burton. He last gave up a hit, April 12.
songza is the shit for music
Or Maybe I should put Snow tires on the Car hmmnn. I'm a Damn Jamaican for crying out Loud. Look at this clowns car spinning out next to me.
Wonder what I should wear tonight
my motto is chicago,bitch
Opportunities multiply as they are seized.
All the choirs at my school got superior! Now, we go to state. :)
what a failure
My actual fav part about #Bizforum is the intelligent convo on both sides of every question.
At what point does featuring complexity in our writing and our teaching become counter productive?
Your music makes me want to drink heavily and have intercourse with lots of women...Hell ya!
Complain on Twitter? Go for it. But I imagine even a slave in 1860, terribly abused by his master, would find something else to Tweet about.
Tell Her I Said Hi Lol >,,<
If you vang handle it yourself, outsourcing is a must!
lol alright then
Need an Ot rally.
#ihatewhen the person driving puts the music on loud & everyone else is trying to talk to each other and he/she cant bother to turn it down!
All I can say is WOW!
I'm going for an early 90s Jerry Seinfeld silhouette if anyone was wondering.
yayyyyyyyyy! Graduation time!!!
That happened to me the other day. So scary. Glad you're ok.
#it Happy Birthday, Kutie!!!
bought tickets for today's game? It's not even on TV in Milwaukee
Let's set the world on fire!
No rain yet just thunder #weather Indianapolis
Worst. Headache. Ever... 8hrs and counting... And I still gta bust out
Right! I saw that movie this past weekend and I was like omg Milwaukee, but yet had no idea it was filmed here
A real man knows dat if he make u happy u will keep him happy...
uhhmm...just call me when you guys leave, since I'm walkin'. I'll DM you my number :o
want to learn how to fuck like a rockstar?
Mitt Romney says saving the auto industry is best thing he's done since inventing sliced bread (white, of course.)
maybe you'll understand if I put it like this, grammer aint fer twiter but it heps proof igneranc.
haha omg same here D:&& I'm doing great ^.^
I hate going to sleep with something to say on my mind.
Had a great networking event with cohort 17 and 16 at chef geoff's in tenleytown.
They sell Magnolia cakes at Costco!
ha fact!! boa!
Big #shoutout to the birthday girl!!!!!!!! :) It's your day so feel free to do as you please... Go ahead & let loose at work lol
Happy Mothers Day!
Maybe I should set obtainable goals
Bout to SMASH on some McDonalds
Bieber thanks dear little baby jesus. Not even a day old.
totally dug the article. He's the first number 9 on the tribe I've liked since baerga
<--- Looking for a booking
JOSS Whedon. Not Josh. LOL. Man, I really enjoyed that. Worst line in the movie was the "spinning rims" line. Good stuff!
the only way to live bro! Gotta set goals and push push push until you hit them!
I wanna see Cool Morning 3 so you better do it!!
Working on an article about using interpreters in conferences & meetings. What's your best tip?
Aix en Provence is lovelier than I imagined. Why did I wait so long?!
your very welcome :)
wow RT : Shep Smith on Fox News: 'The President of the United States, now in the 21st century.'
Brighten's #behuman is available on iTunes NOW! Go get it! RT
I also love RPGs. I like the hero system, anything by white wolf, even aberrant, and fading suns.
Did you celebrate natl. champagne day yesterday? Bit o trivia;The cage on a Champagne cork is called a muselet; takes 6 twists to remove.
which one you pick?
“: Hey chubby guy sitting in his cubicle drinking Gatorade: You're doing it wrong.” this made me laugh
Man invented language to satisfy his deep need to complain. - Lily Tomlin
no sorry thats not true. .-.
RT “: Every bosinan better have a bosnian flag in their room Word !”
Thank you for the +K!
Our Information Session is today at 6:30 at the Baltimore Hebrew Congregation, 7401 Park Heights Avenue, 21208. Make a difference with us!
Light travels faster than sound. This is why some people appear bright until you hear them speak.
Feeling brand new cuz of and
same here, laundry means I'm busy lol
m Just grilled baguette slices with brie and pear.
oh do not worry.
I shouldn't be here at 5am if no one else is.
A personal tree lets a caregiver yell and scream and sob and take a deep breath.
We are on a roll, averaging $15,000,000 in investment sales every week for the last eight weeks. More to come, stay tuned!
I miss you both so much already!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> boo. Can we just be freshmen forever?
You mean that people really WERE NOT saying bad things about me?!? I'm certain that they were about you eFive!
I know, Danny Green, The Ginger, Gary Neal, Patty...they're kinda stacked & hv a batch of "been there/done that's".
Good morning lovees!
The artivist merges commitment to freedom and justice.The artivist knows that to make an observation is to have an obligation. ~Asante Jr.
Tim duncan scored 4 points I remember him David twin towers they were bAdd.
yeah she is. i mean i think you can it was just a paper with everyone's name and number on it. im pretty sure you still can.
I think the liger is a little too confused at this point lol
: have you contacted "/I'm pretty it's this Droid, and my provider, Credo. I can't get into yahoo either. Thank you. ; )
"we have a problem!" All Beckel has is bluster & personal angry slurs! He should be more pro; he makes stuff too personal! Stefano
When you cannot remember what it's like to be impulsive and enthusiastic.
thanks for the follow looking forwarad to following you
Got my tickets but now i have to go back to work lol
i know we need summer so bad
Never underestimate Panther Pride!
Happy Friday everyone! And, to our Advisors - get ready for Cancun, Mexico!
C'mon Yuni! Find your happy place!
Pssst...don't fret about those last minute gifts! Order Morton's gift cards by Sun. Dec 18 and get free ground shipping!www.mortons.com
Harvard baseball team >
Just an itty, bitty bit! Love, actually. Sad truth: I actually rewatch that show sometimes.
Had a great show :)
Bread, wine and cheese: how snotty am I?
"The past made you WHO YOU ARE, but won't determine WHO YOU'LL BE."
Hi! Nice to finally meet u @ Senses last weekend. Hope to attend another event when I get back to TN.
Thank ya sir.
good Morning! ;]
I'm back!
" Today Is Friday" is trending as if we didnt know it was friday.
In-laws (aka babysitter once a wk) announced their 3 mo (or longer) trip to Korea, starting in 9 days. Activating contingency plan today!
If you ever need anything please don't hesitate to ask someone else first. - Kurt Cobain
Omg. #wordwithfriends. I'm ktRnst- prepare to get schooled.
Beat me again, but I'll blame it on the time difference.
hey its , my timeline won't load, but i owe you 10 so i'll get you later. you can start, i'll be at '40
Good morning!
These two granny-aged tourists just spit their gum into a wrapper and stuck it to the seat in front of them!!
RT : We had a great time at last night's presidential reception-the largest alumni event in history!
Are you planning to come to our FREE SOLAR SEMINAR on Thurs, March 1? It's at the Clinton Firehouse at 7:00. Bring your questions
Gotta love that #ESPN article where the Heat are already making excuses if they lose this series. Let's be real. It's always be the big 2
I think he has a particular view of the world and how it works and is convinced of his own rightness about it.
Keep telling everyone you know about Project 143! Your support means the world! :)
En route to Miyake's to celebrate with team for hitting our company's first major milestone! :)
Don't you just love it when you have a favorite item of make up?? You take it practically everywhere you go =)
I've been thinking you should learn Take Care on your guitar! I want to do an acoustic cover so bad!
I regret not getting an actual personal picture with him. He was in a rush and it was brief, regardless... it meant the world to me <U+2665> x
RT : Hey Mike, best Ribs in the world are make sure you check it out.
Be not afraid of going slowly; be afraid only if standing still. ~ chinese proverb
RT : I'm really craving cheese!
lol, are you pulling an all nighter?
Know this ... Love is a state of being; it has nothing to do with anybody else
Building a better you is the first step to building a better world.
Nah, im still here....just busy but im back now RT : thought u went into hiding
I heart you like the first time we tweeted. I'll still bring you coffee anytime you want. Looking/dancing great and #WINNING!!
check out rockwelltime.com, super sick company, and the crew over there is awesome!
are you moving there for good once you start, or working from nyc?
Missing my boys and we need another night at rainbow room and HOB.
Visualizing the realism of my life in actuality. F**k who's the baddest a persons status depends on salary.
this exhibit has been my life since it opened. I'm volunteering Fri, but my group of friends meet up at the Luce Center monthly.
You're asking that question as a joke, right?
that would be awesome! It deserves time lapse! Tired of seeing flowers grow! lol
lmaoo RT : YOU DON'T HAVE A JOB. CHRIS RT : Left my twitter up at work
It does. I guess it isn't superfluous as I think. I hope the next keyboard generation has a .com button built in.
Wow. Working hard and getting ahead of things...no better feeling!
was touching 's tits...urm.
I wish... sounds like so much fun!! Have a blast and continue to blow us away with your social media work!
Happy Monday everyone! Got my coffee in hand and I'm ready to go! Is it Friday yet?? ;)
We're supporting 's anti-social media night
I hate wearing shorts.
Dad at u -10 girls game just lay prone &pounded the ground in frustration.
It's no coincidence the people who call the cops when parties get loud are the people who never get invited to parties.
hit the bat line I'm thurrr
right when you get on im going to bedd... Just my luck aha. Goodnight handsome<U+2665>
I feel bad. I'm not listening to this presentation at all. But she told me I don't have to listen
The Copyblogger “Secret ” to Creating Better Content
Happy new year! May your 2012 be filled with peace, love, friends, and art
The vid has 2 B a year old but he sounds SO EFFING GOOD! Glad we got permission! ;D
A green apple gelati would be TERRIFIC!
TAKE 50% OFF today!!! USE code CLE50 at check out! www.GreatLakesClothingCompany.com
Don't ever lie to my face!
Be sure to like us at Facebook/partyslayerz!! The more likes we get the more free music you get!! #ourtracksgetyoulaid!!!
Never a dull moment in life. The past five days have proven that to me again.
Didn't TT make the same sold out/total attendance/won't equal one sold-out night at the Koch remark in his Cosi review?
Why do u have so many people who do t like u the people who dnt like me it's not cuz I've dne something to them it's cuz I haven't dne 4them
Im allergic to retail...ugh. My allergies HATE it!
what are the hairstyle you expect to see most on the red carpet this year?
You make me smile w/ my heart.
How are the rations on the Puma Bus holding up?? When does the party start??
We do not remember days; we remember moments. ~Cesare Pavese
I’m not gonna regret you, because at one point in time you were everything I ever wanted and more... D:
Are we ready for some Power football? Power vs Tampa Bay tonight! Lets make it 5 W's in a row!!!! LETS GO POWER!
I can sleep when I'm gone
Big Sean is so short
say hi to your FLORIDA mahomies ;)
Do any of your customers use your product as an extranet?
RT “: Ppl who ain't never busted a grape in fruit fight b the social network or phone thugs lol”
a lot to do today and a lot i dont feel like doing.
Camille better move around....Divina my boo anyways.
And I have interaction with Jason, aahhh!!
This. RT : There's no way the #Brewers can survive with Cesar Izturis as the everyday SS.
I guess the stanford groundskeeper was too busy tending to a different field of "grass".
Where can I find a good dish of pompano in Los Angeles?
I hate texiera
Hey follow me back
Im done!!! y still bring it up! I aint eevn trippin
Andre Miller = CLUTCH
Changing the conversation, I like your style.
Eek. The manager AND other graphic designer are out sick today. Today will be fun. O.o
hilary please follow me :)
follow back? :D
Bring it on, rain. So ready for a chill, yet productive weekend. Perfect timing.
Just ordered a fatty pizza with cheesy bites <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F> eh why not.
that's Swedish for TerriBle
Help: Need Valentine drivers now($8/bqt) to all NW towns. Come to : 96 Front St N Issaquah 98027 Cascade 24 Hour Florists
maybe it is time to upgrade to
Thx--a learning experience getting InC to jibe with our convoluted workflow and overworked IT dept. Your Lynda vids are a help!
Formal education will make you a living; self-education will make you a fortune. -Jim Rohn
Hey Mr. Allen, you fired up for Game 2 or What?!!! Lets do this!!
Congratulations to our dance team, The 2 Kold Krew, for an excellent performance at last night's Pacer's game! They rocked the house!
get better. <3
Ohmygod we're still talking about guaranteed appointments?
my soul is in fire right now ....
When u cant provide 4 your children during the holidays its painful. Thnx 4 making holiday magical 4 the kids: formerly homeless HHC teacher
Can't see the msgs on FB from my phone right now.
I do no such thing ! You women have a habit of pushing me around of hitting me ! Don't let that shut slide
Its crazy my 60 year old lifelong Lions fan father has something to be excited about. Thank you! Keep it up!
playing on my tablet y r u mad doll?
I joined your Mafia. Eh. Yo. Let's bust some heads.
Hey, Worship Leaders, what is your number 1 challenge relationally in working with tech teams?
took the FW crew to Idyllwild Inn courtesy of the family. such a beautiful place. this summer you gotta go
test during glee?!!!
omgg kevin. ASDFGHJKL hi. yeah i need help.
no doubt.
Can't wait to watch After The Rose #bachelor drama!!!
Louis' swag is swag. is your swag swag? o.O
Yeah we play Iona Prep tn
Justin is OFFICIALLY 18! Happy birthday dude!
I talk a lot of shit about urban outfitters, but I have to day, they have some pretty sweet shit right now
hehehe well have fun at the mall! Tweet me sometime :)
lmaoo it's the best line to drop in a random moment :P
RT : great chat tonight!! As always, so productive and eye-opening! Cant wait for next week!
The son and I are headed to San Antonio Taco for a bite of lunch!
I'm like so bored right now
The single life is cool and all, but at the end if the day, I wanna settle down with the one girl that I could say I couldn't ask for better
This is incredible and true. Pedagogy is definitely a super-important design skill. (Maybe that's why I love it??)
Like tha New icon :D
I saw that before I got distracted with something else. Pretty sweet.
#Colts roster now looks CLEARLY inferior to #Texans. Could this finally be the year Houston jumps them? I think so.
Why is the male intelligence worth more than the female? It is rarer.
Will Pres Obama Supporting Same Sex Marriage "Unify" the GOP Party behind Mitt Romney this Nov?
what's going on? everything ok?
hey sorry for the late response but we would love to work with you! Have you tried bartab yet?
Loving WXYZ-TV Channel 7 's Detroit 2020! Way to focus on the positive and showcase sucessful Detroit companies!
Still 1.5 million users of rotary dial phones - interesting : )
Hilary Swank -- Boys Don't Cry, But Girls File Lawsuits: Hilary Swank is ready to touch gloves and come out fightin' -- she's filed a...
Uh, 'ritas, obviously.
I like a little bit of everything. This morning I'm listening to Humble Pie LIve at the Filmore. Last night was Tracy Chapman
Ok it's a official everyone thinks I'm a horrible person :(
You know what I'm sayin'?! We got Artest for game 7, so hopefully they'll do damage! Let's hope Gasol&Bynum step it up, too.
Great State of #DIA event with the today--we are so lucky to have such an awesome airport and airport manager!
Everyone seems to notice 's username change. Why would you really care it's her twitter not yours...
The Buffalo Bandits are up 6-2 on the Toronto Rock at the end of the first half. We're not mad about this.
I wonder how long this will last?
it's a plan.
I will! Not sure if I'll talk to him in time but I'll try!
I like how in Arianna Huffington's profile, she describes herself as a "sleep evangelist." :) Amen, sister!
I only have two REAL friends and their names are Joseph and cassie, i love them.
4/20, cute guys, friends, party. what gets better?
Hit enter too soon :) There is not data available for your personal profile - there is data available for your Facebook Page.
Dog Tick Remedy: Place a drop of pure Lavender oil on the spot where the tick was attached to your dog to help prevent disease and infection
They fall victim to my system, guess I sure know how to pick em'
Excellent, we'll be there ready to pat some cats! And maybe learn something.... :-P
We all hate when a workout gets boring. What do you do to spice up your routine?
I saw a girls softball team that could've been designed by fluorecent yellow/green uniforms with bright magenta socks
Im not an #Athletics hater but the #Tigers have a better track record in recent years compared to Oakland Lets talk in October
Yep. Me and coffee are BFFs again.
Life is like an ever-shifting kaleidoscope - a slight change, and all patterns alter. -Sharon Salzberg
Call Communtiy Mortgage to get Pre-Approved today ! We make it easy ! 877-829-7161
Damien Hirst: Painting is so poetic,while sculpture is more logical and scientific and makes you worry about gravity :www.itsartnotstuff.com
Thank you
Rock and roll!!
I am happy that my #NewYorkKnicks won but I am by no means impressed or feeling hopeful.
Don't forget about the #Shorty Awards! It's not too late to vote for as a #Social Fitness winner!
New features we're adding to the website: an upcoming events calendar, as well as a venue index. Anybody have any other requests?
The next nigga will degrade you but me ill upgrade you
She's not even from America tho
In 1987, 37 American sailors were killed when an Iraqi warplane attacked the U.S. Navy frigate Stark in the Persian Gulf.
IM IN THE SCHOOL'S NEWSPAPER!! ME & picture..IM SO PROUD!!! ENDING MY COLLEGE CAREER WITH A BANG!! Thank you again Mrs.Pearson!
Great CIO + middle manager lunch with Key issues tackled: COMMUNICATION + COLLABORATION. Yes course we have action items.
#10ThingsThatAnnoyMe 2) When someone holds open the door for u, but guys jump in front of u & walk ahead
I can't escape my thoughts. I wish I was like everyone else and didn't worry about this. I'd rather be a heart breaker than a broken heart.
Been Watching "Snapped" for the last couple of hours lol but I love these documentaries:)
I think we can all agree that mother nature knows how to rage the hardest
yea. Lol its short now
Best advice my wife & I got when our twins boys were diagnosed w/ #autism: Take it one day at a time.
One could say the same, Ms. Luan? *brows furrowing* How is the enervating dietary regiment progressing?
I have other things to do instead of arguing with you.
Seriously Michigan WTF
My puppy dog broke his leg tonight chasin a fish!
We will be releasing Ohio's March unemployment rate tomorrow morning at 8:00 am-
. 1) this hour has FLOWN by, thanks to for the opportunity & you for being an awesome host
Where are the fireworks in #cville coming from? #tomtom?
lol of you a thug bol I should be scare of you haha
too cool
I also put the flier on your facebook page!
“: Manning took the worst team for the most money. Stunner.”. How far did the #Titans go in playoffs last year?
We could start a club. Though I had one a decade+ ago.
RT : Every time you get a dog from a breeder, a shelter dog dies.
Kingsboro had been slated for closure, but the Cuomo Admin has reportedly taken it out of the budget after threats were made
Honk if you love tacos!
will u tweet pix if u do?
My God is awesome ....I feel great... Thank You....
Stop by Firehook Bakery of Cleveland Park for a great pastry!
They were yummy!
RT thanks so much! Tell all of your friends about us : you guys are amazing
You said that last time. Quit putting it off.
going to grandma's house and taking her to the church because today the relics of the pope are coming to our town and I think it is great.
*looking around* |cricketts| *exit stage left*
No problem
Raising Champions Dinner - at Multnomah Athletic Club in Portland. Martell Webster meet and greet. Silent auction items. 503-418-4166
right idea, wrong lady.
HOORAY! I had no idea! Oh I'm so excited!
Anyone know whats going in with brodius clay?
SOPA PIPA RT For all those who might have thought that their voice didn’t count in their government, I hope you now know it does
lol and how are you?
I think we definitely need to score one of these.
*gives My Nike jacket*
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
With congress, every time they make a joke its a law, an everytime they make a law its a joke.
lol srry I ment to send it to another name
Up now Secrets from Social Curation Pros you can ask , , and using
my question is, WHY IS THAT GOD FORBIDDEN SHOW STILL ON TELEVISION?!?!?!?!
#HabitatMiamiWomenBuild is unique because we have developed a mentorship program in support of single female parent household.
" Where there is no vision, the people perish. " #quote Proverbs 29:18
His non culture stuff is... bizarre. Dead Air is fairly good but The Wasp Factory is an insight into a scary mind.
#awkwardmoment when I still rock those....
Today in the georetown newsgraphic they are giving away a tv. Brusters is a participant and has a coupon in there too!!
I dont need no body but my got dam self
ALL RIDERS HAVE IT WORSE!!!!!
He'd catch a glimpse of that ghost every once in a while — takin' her meals; bathing... A fine lady.
Callbacks are done, now I wait . . .
Saw part 1 is a classic.
I'm long overdue for one of those save the "African king for $250 grand" emails.
"The guns are drawn and I ain't talking bout a sketch. Prepared for the worst but still praying for the best."
Hey, have you ever watched 'Bob's Burgers'? I feel like you'd really enjoy it.
Looking forward to sales conference in NYC this weekend, but sad to miss in B'more!
Taco bell
patience pushed to limit with #double #dog sitting #duty today. Then watched #Marley & Me - and remembered again how amazing all dogs are.
caved is the most accurate word to use.
Provide a caring older adult tutor for every student who is behind in reading.
The #Cardinals Furcal tries to stretch a single into a double. But Brauny had none of that -- threw him out at 2.
omg I totally forgot I promise it will be up on Friday or Saturday
Hey thanks!!!
ha ha you know I'm doing be same ma! Lol just wanted to check in with ya
congrats Riverside is a great place to live
Herman Cain, you quoted Pokemon when suspending your campaign, your argument is invalid
Im about to workout too :D
thank you but don't worry about it it's probably too late for me to get there now.. have a good time at the concert
Twitter is now blocked at my work
hey I'm pretty sure were almost black ....
Blue....it's peaceful like the ocean.
Awww that made me smile:).RT : I've been listening to Marvin Gaye since I was little with my dad and I still love him.
Thanks! I think I'm actually going to get a Sustaining Membership.
What was the context?
Oh man I love all my iBloom ladies!! I can't wait till our event in June!!
#Trivia Tuesday warm up #videogame edition Dhaslim is a character in which #Nintendo game?
Well they kind of did. Not 100% sure what happened. Still love the show and ending.
I love trying to find shit to do when I have no classes till 3. I get paid tomorrow or wed. Let's burn on my break
How many reporters does it take to...OMG!!! SOMETHING SHINY!!!
*digs bikini out my ass*
Beyond excited for our Sunday jam reunion this weekend!
Our Thoughts dictate our Action which delivers our Results! Are you getting the Results you want?
It's a beautiful day so far for some outdoor sessions! First one starts shortly!
Thanks for watching!
I should punch you. -.-
RT : #wearing navy/ecru wrap dress (confident) putty Anns (babygirl pedicure), mom-mom's monogram pin, wedding...
I write historical fiction and your comment is very interesting. Please explain.
Listening to One Direction because fuck you, that's why.
Just curious- what's your opinion (if you have one) on SASS?
White is as over as french manicures ~ my Mother actually wore a minky brown on her wedding day. #itWASthe70's
And where the hell are you from?
Only 13 more days left of this bullshit.
Late to class for a $5 #footlong! Totally worth it
I want this week to be over right now
Why not stretch your fashion budget and make it work harder for you when you shop online today?
Hmm, no good movies are out this weekend. I guess I'll make it a Netflix weekend.
what about some pittsburgh vibes?
Twitterfon may very well be the worst app ever. Easier to just use Safari and gestures to navigate.
Message received. How'd I know it would be you?
30 Days Until The Fourth Fisherman Release on March 13. Pre-order today-anywhere books are sold.
3 hours at the gym running, #boxing, #abbench! #pushups!
I can't wait to read the new book! Let us know when it's available.
Practice always makes perfect
The Spurs are real, I'm not gonna front
Visual Literacy: Thinking Words with Pictures!: Introducing photos of Afghan, Pak, india and writing LA school for more
Who would that be? Hope they put a yellow band-aid on it!!
Sea-Tac hit 80 degrees a month and a half earlier than last year. Didn't happen until July 2!
it was Emma Stevenson... She got expelled from school because of it. The band teacher had a talk with us xD
I would have done the bail cheaper.
Duioffensehelp.com helps in criminal lawsuits who are driving under the influence of drugs or alcohol
Everyone go find Madeline Browne on Facebook and tell her happy birthday
great point: CC0 as best way for GLAMs to license open metadata-just choose what you include in that.
Let's move together!!! :) Where is ur studio??
Why you say you dont wanna be with me but gets so jealous when anotha female involved..hmm
D3 Legal extends good luck wishes on 2nd rounds for: V.F. & C.S. today!
Word not THAT one too?!
how do i get some of u guys clothing?
I just fixed my garage door now i feel like when cavemen discovered fire! I am the mighty! I makes garage go up! uGh!
Nothing in life is to be feared. It is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less
Somebody tell me WTF is going on :(
To learn to code,or not to learn to code,that is the question:whether tis Nobler in the mind to suffer;the IF's & DO's of outrageous Fortran
wish I could be w my best friend:(.
There are some good bands, but aside from Pulp, I can't imagine needing to drive to the desert to see any of them.
I love Mario and donkey Kong!!!!
MAN MAN DONT TELL NOBODY PLZ KEEP IT BETWEEN ME AND U
what happened !!?
I'm just ready to get this day over with.....
Under the se-BITCH
Thank you for allowing my panties to invade International Chick Lit Month! XOXO
Prayers to all involved in the tragic situation in Oakland
lmao...that's not me in my avi..
I gotta wear glasses all the time now -_-
To my twitter followers just want to thank all of you I appreciate your friendship, rocking L.A. this weekend alot of work but I love acting
Omg, how did I get all this nasty stuff on my tweet thingy. So, many nasty stuff being posted my mind its like, "poulltion to the brain!"
question from Julie Ha Tran; how do nationalities influence digital avatars, etc? arg; digital media doesn't always defeat national ids
End of the 3rd - Wolves 86 - #Spurs 71 - Getting out-rebounded - Coach Pop ejected; I hope we can recover. #GoSpursGo www.spursconnect.com
Here Pam and I are at the ancient Roman aquaduct in Caesarea Israel on the Med. Sea.
Yes! tho I was spoiled moving to Philly when TG our local treasure, not yet nati'l & Fresh Air on for 2 hrs/day.
IT'S A BUSY WEEK IN FASHION - MB Fashion Week starts 9/8 & Fashion's Night Out - 9/8!! #FNO #MBFW www.mbfashionweek.com for all the latest
I'm assuming you are wanting prayers for them not to finish last in the division or to go .500
I said if they were all like him we would be fine now tell me his reason.Is it same as Liebermans?
Blow torch to a boysenberry & carmelized it in my glass...
How are you keeping your classes?
not yet. i think hes on websode three or four in the state chips
Character is how you treat someone who can do nothing for you.
people do what they do because its who they are so dont judge them.
trip back with one of my friends to backpack/go to tomorrowland.
The Parent Strapless
Did you know that the IRS cannot make a tax assessment against you without your consent whether it be express or by default.
Office space to rent, want to be close to Old Town? Suite office space, Hub Zone, close to I40 start $299 send me a DM
#FF & because they'll make a great addition to your team.
(Henry David Thoreau) The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready.
I get if Phillies fans are angry at Harper, but real people are, too?
Looking forward to our visit with on Monday!
Right!? Is pretty clever. :) watching right now actually. :-) Hope all is well. Miss you guys!!
RT : Changing Baltimore from "The Wire" to wireless-- yes!
Let me know if you have a hoops poster in the works!
on my way to scalp your hill now..
thx for the add
Jon Shwardon stacks up a double double snatching 16 rebounds and putting in 10 points for
Music is meant to be played at high volumes.
Don't use warnings as a design solution
I wouldn't be mad at that though. He been killin' it all season.
Hey there! I so rarely check my Twitter acct since it's set up w/FB and another. THanks for the kudos! ;-)
XD Be my guest!
RT "I want to rip off your logic and make passionate sense to you." - Jeffrey McDaniel
Its Apart Of Training Lol
Hi! Great posts...are you managing to get 7 to 9 servings of fruit and veggies a day?
Trying to figure out tweet deck.....help
You interested in a screener of The Los Angeles Ripper?
Cultural Diversity training is not telling people they have to appreciate difference. It is showing people where they already do.
Anyone wanna pick me up in Chicago so I don't have to wait around for my next train? :)
They say I'll be okay, But I'm not going to ever get over you
k metal mouth ;)
on my way to get
: ": When chicks ask who this when they know they got yo number saved in they phone ." ??????????
In bed at 9:30pm watching #thenewgirl and eating mochi balls... Sometimes colds can be fun!
ShoutOut to and for getting to the party when it's over lol....
Yes, correct pronunciation :)
Thank U so very much everyone for all of the beautiful #ff's yesterday! I never gotten that many before! #FeelinLoved sending out smiles
Former Deputy Mayor of New York, Bill Lynch has begun his fitness journey with MindFirstFitness...
RT Tweet us w/ yr pick ("Jar of Hearts", "Arms" or "A Thousand Years"), #BingLounge, & to have dedicate it to u!
Foles is intercepted by Henderson...ball stayed up in the wind just long enough for Henderson to make a play on it....
thanks for all the RTs! Greatly appreciated
We need to figure out a weekend for me to come out by you. Pronto.
Heading to the desert to film some awesomeness with awesome people. Be jealous! Also I wanted to write dessert instead of desert..
okay(: If im not going to the football game. Why has your week been horrible?
my fish better not die
School extra boring today
second, so it's totally old hat. :) thanks!
With home made date nut bread for dessert. They better appreciate this $50 meal :))
listening to #HBCU Presidents talk about the role of HBCUs in the national college completion agenda.
I should be sleep right now
Welcome to our friends from #Greece! So happy to have you part of the family!
Happy Mothers Day Beautiful People #ILoveAllYall - XavierLT. com
“: sheesh Jr smith's dunk baseline had to beone of the toughest moves i seen all yr” 1 of the best in game dunks ever ever seen!
You're very welcome!
they were like starring and laughing at me cuz I was crying. Haha
“: #MetsAreBetterThan 11 other National League teams and 22 Major League teams” and the bulls are better than the sixers.....
I miss whenIi was little, and didnt care about my weight, clothes, or hair, I just did what made me happy.
Matt Simms on advice Phil gave him: "Don't mess up." Did he use the word 'mess?' "Umm, I don't know. Maybe," a smiling Simms said.
Tried playing #life with my girls this morning! #mymistake! 1 & 3 is clearly too young to grasp rules to games! Ugh!
isn't Callie an original? Who did she replace? I guess she came in season two-ish. Right? Sloan and little gray HAVE to reunite
Nat.Weather Service: Severe thunderstorm warning for northeastern Guadalupe County and south central San Miguel County until 7:30 p.m.
Caucus day! Time to name the folks willing to be throttled by #Obama in November.
Baby i was Wondering....
"I'm sorry you don't have my awesome sense of humor" is not an apology. But there is another word for it.
Where did the last week go?
Was gone wear my blazer to graduation, but its gone be to hot tomaro!!!!
I do not care
Show May 11th at The Rock. Tucson, AZ. Only $8.
If you dont stand for something. You'll fall for anything.
This day is not going as planned...
plans for tonight: re-do my "about me" section of my blog.
Hell broke loose on Black Friday.
Amazing performance Matt.. the movie was phenomenal.. Well done and thanks for bringing Neville to life the way he deserved
Tweet " #SwagInMySNAP " NOW!!!
I really wanna thank everybody on twitter & FB who RT/Like my status, its 100% about our DFW locals. Lets keep show'n our support 4 them!
gator's down goes tebow
oh...n I kno its shady 4real
Musical week- at Shanghai Bistros Stillwater and Hudson, Minnehaha Methodist Church, Bunkers, and Jazz Central Studios! Keep the momentum!
Solid name ! Im the DJ at warrior dash tomorrow! Find me on the stage for a free cd!
he's smart enough to look dumb for a couple games to have Metta for OKC.
Wow seriously.
Our thoughts manifest this world.
Will you marry me?
We all wish him the best and hope he stays safe and has fun while he is away.<3
Dude! Incredible! Thanks for the follow.
Laker fans smiles faded just the way kobes did ....damn cry babies
"Many Waters/Many Floods" has officially been endorsed by the Saint of the Step. Only $4.99 on iTunes. Tap dance it up!
"Mobile is the needle and social is the thread." at #COFLA session on digital data.
Kids who call themselves straight edge and aren't at the legal age of 21 -___-
hm where
“: buying gas is just plain painful....”
Hey our vocalist' twitter is andbout guitarist/clean vocalists is follow us:)
Smile. Your enemies hate it.
Updated website with details on SAT Workshops and Summer Learning Plans. www.championtutoring.com. Have you signed up for our newsletters?
go to midnight mass don't have to church all day like the baptist
It's Thursday, and there was champagne in the fridge... So cheers! <3
My first ACBW beer? This evening I'll have 's Mai Bock. Thursday's the release party for Hooligan whole cone hop ale. YUM!
What a great way to start Spring Break! Walking down Fremont with my sunglasses on - Feels amazing!
deserves to be happy and if she is, I am too <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>RIP
Playing the Blues Brothers show at Universal.....will it or won't it. .......rain
Check out our new cover photo for #WHM....What do you think??
Love it! Running shirt on the back said... "If you see me collapse, please hit 'Pause' on my Garmin". -via
awesome I cant wait to go!
we flirted but couldnt exchange numbers cause unfortunately the boss was there aka my dad -.-
Well heading down south Thursday..so my dudes r throwing me a goin away party n tha MAC!! Yes sir lil Wayne voice...
Hey librarians, are you bringing an e-reader or print books to #il2011?
Listening to Bonnie Raitt's new album, and while it is a good album... I fear it's making me menopausal.
You can include on this list! "#FF Great #Madison biz's …"
I've never been happier to be in a parking lot.
Bein at city outdoor was funny
I love how they always lie about how long these programs will last, if they say two hours just add on at least another hour to that lol
**BREAKING NEWS** North Korea Launches Worlds Largest Lawn Dart
Thanks for stopping in to see us! Have you tried the Thin Mint Cookie flavor yet?
i cant believe this is actually happening. <3
Looking for a local PR firm who can offer pro bono assistance to OHC. Any leads would be appreciated!
buyout in Lakewood...Get It Gone Estate Sales
They can because they think they can.
you would think that but it's pretty crazy
Cal Net Technology Group is officially a sponsor of !
honey why are you upside down??
Why are you tweeting about PIvot tables on Sunday afternoon?
I need to set my hunger clock 30 mins earlier cause Obama and I eat at the same places. Today is the second time I just missed him.
Anybody ever answer their door and it was opportunity knocking?
Wow, 99 FB fans! Come on, peoples, just 1 more... Please suggest us to your friends if you like our music! Who is it gonna be #100???
Working on the show!!!
hell yea...hw its the 1st day out & we already bored smh we have no life lmao
Uhm, did I see and on a Verlo commercial this weekend?
#HighShit RT #WakeNBake ...Afternoon mornings should b th only kind of mornings....
Ugh, side ponytail is all over the place here. It's officially a thing.
Not funny
what tablet do you have?
Your life will always follow your thoughts. If you always think positive, you're going to be positive.
sounds exciting! Good luck!
i like that idea!!:)
Serious data burnout today. Just need to keep it together a bit longer, SKC game this weekend, and off to NY soon after...
The Avengers was awesome, just wish Obama would stop taking credit for it.
Time for the online board meeting!
What a nice thing to do for your Mum:) I'll be sleeping here shortly. I'm across the planet from you. :)
My friend's parents gave her one to hold her Barbie accessories in as a kid. Explains a lot.
Thx for the twitter love [How goes your hump day?]
Heyyyyyyaaaaaa:) I miss you. Kay bye<3
good!!! Working away!!
Not on my list sugar. Numero uno, without a doubt.
for some reason i dont like mondays maybe cuzz i cant skate i think :P
Hi mate, I see your a twitter convert!
LIL BOOSIE BOO COMING HOME TOMORROW HELL YEAH
TONIGHT Mad Season, Temple of the Dog, Bad Radio + DJ Mookie Blaylock $10
sweet!!! thank you!!!
this last minute shit is stressful.
look for anchor steam.
that's right! thank you for keeping it alive!
lineups for our residency w/ at announced soon. among them:
#thatawkwardmoment when you realize you don't have anything to do on Saturday but still haven't gotten your #BrewCityStompDown2012 ticket...
Wade is ridiculous.
I love a man rough around the edges but still can hold an intellectual conversation
I wish the Foo Fighters weren't so boring. This isn't rock and roll.
Show tonight! 9pm - 4 bands, Crooked at 11pm and e.company follows...been looking forward to this one for a while!
I Love My Friends !(: <U+2665>
Thanks for the shout out!
ok... we admit... we just woke up ;p That is the LIFE of an #artist ;) www.shastic.com
I can't e alone with you.
Looking back I guess it's really for the best, still you're something that I crave
Congrats to Stacy Sanchez for winning the Justin Bieber Jr. Blogger Contest on RoseQuarterblog.com! Stay tune to see her review.
Need to swallow my own advice - spend less time planning and more time doing/making/shipping.
I got tired of getting mad about this. SO tired. Getting mad w/o the ability to influence or the power to change it is for the birds.
“: I'm not settling for nobody I deserve the best and that's what I intend on getting ...” congrats on graduating Nee!!!
Back in the office after a _great_ #edu11 conference. Looking forward to putting into practice some of the things I learned.
We've got a beautiful afternoon on tap for you here in San Diego, Larry. Just stay away from the bees!
Met someone today that completely inspired me to succeed. What has been your motivater?
I've got 5 on it! You know that indoor weed?? ..... Nevermind
At least we have good jams today at work
oh! Like you know, Danunzio!
morning(: & love you, too!
I keep thinking Blink 182 must have cancelled when they heard Molly Hatchet was coming.
Well Good Thing I Am Weird Otherwise You Probably Wouldn't Have Remembered Me From RYLA :(
omg no way plz follow me
Of course, I do now, Not dat much of a rookie tho
A dozen Jesuses and 20 Christs. So my dissertation has about 1% Jesus.
took a few days but ready to go now! dangermaker unite!
And to think I didn't believe that guy when he told me his name was "Trash Can Man".
Here at the Anthology Film Archives for the premiere of "Thunderstruck".
I absolutely love when a woman has a smile and the expression has the kind of beauty no matter what she wears.
fun times a thousand!
RT I don't have a short temper, I just have a quick reaction to bullshit.
"If we did all the things we are capable of, we would literally astound ourselves. -Thomas Edison"
I'm not 100% yet... but it looks like it's going to be a nice site haha
Congrats on your Baby Girl! A gift from God!
power through that hangover
STOP #SOPA AND #PIPA!!!! We need our sites and internet freedom!1
Aw the dean is so sweet.
Zanna, don't! showing tonight and tomorrow night at 7:30 pm and on Sunday at 2pm at the Don Powell Theatre! Zanna don't miss out!!
Doesn't surprise me...
I was keeeeeeedding :)
I like the Hruska's kolaches. Cheese and poppyseed danishes are also a must!
Now that's not an answer I'd expect from you! Your 'fragmented' world will come crashing down if u keep talking like that!
Despite my physical disability, Diabetes, & other medical condition- I still keep my head up & achieve what was thought to be impossible!
Thanks! Looking forward to it. It's been a long day in the airports. Anything going on tonight that I should attend?
& we're amazingly funny on the Wendy Williams show this morning!
My followers keep growing in number, I feel the power, I fell the majesty, I feel like a cult leader. Or maybe, I am I just another twit?
Mtangulizi Sanyika on WBOK 1230AM - Nagin's legacy as Mayor of New Orleans, the white exclusionary movement post-Katrina & right to return.
Cant believe Maryl Streep has only won 3 oscars in her 17 nominations bc she's frickin amazing.
RT : TWICE he gives up the potential game winning shot!
who's coming out tonight?!? can't wait to hang with everyone. its gonna be a good time!
Thank you for the #FF. Everyone must know by now to follow you. Best bird pictures and much laughter.
Fuck me Max Schneider
Committed is a crazy ass movie.
We recommended to add such info about wayback endpoints to the new IIPC web site. I hope that materializes
On The Iphone Hit Me Up
oh go see DMX
Sure. Next week?
Money well wasted
Forward together.
Boy Scout council votes to sell Marble Rock camp
More #Crooks in #Washington? Seriously , WHAT ARE YOU HIDING?
because you never really stayed there to chill you only walked in and walked out
Ready to run Ragnar relay up in Bay Area. Our team is "WE GOT THE RUNS"!
Thanks for the re tweet! I think this is the basis to have Zimmerman arrested plus he ignored the ROE of Neighborhood Watch
0_0 RT Cool story, bro. Aye, but can you see your feet or your I.D?
from New York u?
Gwyneth Paltrow turns 39 today. I liked her in Shallow Hal.
My sister thought Bingo Players was a movie -.-
Thinking you may have a late lunch today? Order after 3pm and get FREE delivery!...
It's pretty darn clear to me that #Netflix should run the postal service!
Green beer and #scms12 prep. Happy St. Pat's to everyone headed to Boston next week for
westchester vs Santa Monica on Thursday night. In the immortal words of Derek Taylor-Taft coach. Will Chester make them blink.
snap a photo!
I bet you crossed the streams
Hi Liam! It's nice to see you tweeting again. How are you?
Russell Warnberg speaks about his book "Edge of Redemption" today at the Friday Local Author Series! Noon-1:00pm in Meeting Room 5.
what you talking about pat lol
Time for #coffee... fought my #goodfight for the day.
Can it just be 90 degrees out already? Skip this nice weather. Get to the heat so I can use my AC and go in the pool!
Titties McGee cheering hard for that #Canucks goal
My GF is a WEIRDO!!!!
Gonna film a new YouTube video tomorrow :) on top of that, I've got lots to do to get ready to leave for Boston. Goodnight Twitterverse!
Problem is he drops way too many passes. It will be interesting to see what he can do re-united with Cutler.
hey guys! please tell all your friends about DAB and what we do. the more people that know, the more we can help! RTRTRT :) <3
Studio keeps growing also with my music!!!! Lego
#Bowling with Boys with Balls at Classic Bowling Lanes
this is the big one...I mean they have extended it for over a year now. #newplay and its not going down.
Listening to Jim Nantz commentate the #Masters is the most soothing thing my ears have ever heard.
Me: Can you grow please? Hair: NO. Boobs: NO. Stomach: Okay!
I get pissed every time I think of Prom.
Gonna fail nutrition final????? oh yes!
have fun and make sure you dont drive afterwards
The guy in front of me is buying one 8oz bag of shredded lettuce, this is hilarious to me.
who is Melinah?
Visit us in person, or give us a call, and put us to work for you developing a plan for your mailing operation! AMS 505-899-3104
What did I get myself into?
where did you get your juicer?
You paper scissor rock my heartt & throw it all away
Thanks to all who made it out last night! You rock!!! Mad props to C.A.V., and CincyMetal for supporting the local scene also!!
so b
School need to go by fast please <3
Good to see and read you again - miss you Pee Wee
that's why. I don't like alcohol.
Thank you!
$10 Lock Yankees-150 starting up
Work hard, play hard.
nope. Just everyone who uses a QR code. I should submit one that was in someone's email sig.
I pray for my friend, who committed himself last night. He's finally getting the help he needs.
"When Torres scores, Barcelona lose.."
Im not coming down
Dean James kicking off with housekeeping and introductions
Love the contribution on "Dark Night of the Soul." Now I'm in the mood for some Lips and
lmfao his name is July! And no, I was not talking about him. Mention him one more time and ima body slam you lmfao
what's the name of that song?
Why do I make myself watch scary movies...#FreakedOut #NeedMyNightlightTonight<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3>
Guys, don't try to read a 350-page legal decision on you phone at 1am.
whats up.. hows your night going?
Works for me! :-) like the moisture, but LOVE the warmth.
Busy @ 90 yrs. Wow! That's gotta b a good thing
covering a ship deployment tomorrow at Coronado for Patch. Seems like it will be an interesting assignment to work on.
thank u 4 following check out my new book free preview on my blog on my page x Bless
Looking into funding grants on the topic of homelessness and homeless services in San Diego and California and Nationally. Any ideas?
hahahahahaha yo can we trust her driving the cart?
Classic dr berry, forgetting to send in the paperwork to the doctors
lol Bennett im sure you use google translate
“: What match are you looking forward to the most tomorrow at #ExtremeRules?” Punk Vs Jericho. What about u?
do you have to buy a ticket to see the concert online?
Sarah! (my daughter's name also) Thank you for the great #ff. Barbara
OMG The Giants defense is just awful...smh
I promise u the full story on that it's a multiple drink tale !
I worked out yesterday and I'm going to do it tomorrow too! I'm thinking 3-4 times a week is a good start.
everyone has a weakness.. you just happen to be mine.
Did Chip Kelly really change his mind and decide to stay at Oregon? When you wake up, find out the latest. Watch
I really want to go to #seattle !
it was so tiring, I've never worked that hard before !
DO THIS ~> TwitPic self with a sign "Housing For All Means..."; tag #HousingForAll & send 2 your Councilmember! Thx
Making Plans, Chasing My Dreams<U+21E7>
I work at All new users get a 30 day free trial! How's that for <3? If you have any q's-
If you're excited to buy a case of Miller Lite because of the new punch top can, you're an idiot.
your post mentions wondering where the lyrics come from. Vast majority come from the community. GN is mostly duplicates.
Tuesday. Let's see if I can kick your ass on 3 hours of sleep despite the fact that I am out of coffee
I wonder how much Jeff Foster pays for that tanning salon membership...
the chick is so hot! Scarlet Johanson is just delicious!
AMNH in NYC has a great human evolution exhibit. I suggest going if you have the chance.
how many players u got?
Yes we did know that lol
The hunger games rocked and also wrote a good in with Cathy Majeski and Doc Holladay!
a staged reading of a new musical, and a new comedic song for another project... So many auditions...
hahaha. Seriously. "Just $499!! . . . for the base model. The one YOU want is twice that!! Get it NOW!!" FML
Of course its amazing weather the day I have to write a paper. Much rather be at the pool
RT : RT : There is no shortage of people who want to impose their will on how you live your life. And they live in DC
I'm so happy thanks to god my family and my sweet heart.. His my world like god..
Who should be on the marketing round? Those with passion, entreprenurial spirit and willing to take risks!
Hats off to Tampa for an awesome job hosting the #FrozenFour thought they did a fantastic job!
thanks for the RT :) the trick with Messenger was that u have to press Alt to even see the menu bar. Easy from there to disable.
Tell me about it! (no, really, tell me about it.)
kk i think thats the one im gettin but ivy said we r where plade shirt with jeans
You could be my favorite one night stand. You take me higher. What would you do if I told you that I la, la, la, la, loved you?
COME GRAB YOU A PAIR OF THOSE ADIDAS ROUND HOUSE!!!!
Yep. 7PM tip off in Maui. So if you are in Washington it will be a 9PM tip.
#ThingsAnybodyCanRelateTo is not wanting to get up in the morning. *yawn*
Lovely weekend in the #ROC. So many festivals, and awesome weather! Back to the grind this week; hope you all have a good Monday!
"Well, I made a few shots tonight, time to start jacking it up like a giant dbag." -Mo Williams,
What do you think of Meg Whitman at H-P?
haha, I'm glad you had an awesome time with them. I saw your painting in one of the guys instragram!
So, twitterfolk, why should I figure out how to participate in Google+? Pros and conas please. #google+
Moving our plane to gate 1. . . Does that mean it's fixed? Hope so!
Nah! I'm just going to clean the house! Its too hot outside!!
Maybe can track down that hacker who disrupts your show every week (The Whisperer)tho if'n u ask me it makes things more fun
Viet Dinh is a member of the board also author of the Patriot Act for Bush and godfather to M's grandson. NWOmonsters
Another example of why I need to do everything (clean, cook, iron, recycle etc...) Before meeting wife for drinks.
Did he get arrested or something? RT : S/O to for being on the front page of the Indianapolis Star
A "no obligation" trial that auto-converts into paid membership has an implicit obligation of my time and effort to cancel.
He ate his Wheaties. : When did Danny Granger get so tough?
If I were a poor black kid I'd invent the Opti-grab.
RT real playas throw trash out their window onto the street late at night.
What an awkward possession but great rebound by James.
Scary movie 2 is better then the first
Enjoying a beautiful rainbow with my #true love after one cool spring rain #storm and watching the #brewers kick butt!! ;)
We used to get the Grilled Cheese at Bretts Kitchen all the time, love it! M
Many races to the bottom - Morgan Stanley looking as shaky as BofA; Italy challenging Greece to blow first. Systemic risk ever-present.
I have a Fire and I like that I can watch the Amazon Instant Videos (I have Prime). However my iPad is still
Saw seats yesterday as low as $18 for 200 level tickets. Also was offered 2 seats under the basket w/ parking pass for $250.
I've done more homework than I thought I've done.:)
Im sorry but i dont put no nigga before my family , if u gotta problem with that then gtf
u in the city celebrating?
Yes ! Lol! You did not let me down. True man of your word. By the way, your set was swagged owt!
Today was so hectic... I need a massage
You really need to see Adventureland - the movie - really a surprising, great movie! I wasn't expecting it.
Boring spring break so far! #sb2012 <
my thoughts exactly! Hope you're all doing well!
it is officially too dang hot.
Lmfao nice RT : Ladies... I got so much game you can't even stand it. Monopoly, scrabble, Tetris.
Anyone who is looking for a good follow exchange, please consider adding , mostly for being pure awesome.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 60
“: Trinity baseball jumps on top of St. Joseph's, 2-0, after the top of the 1st, in NCAA Tournament action.”
Thanks for sharing!
When you decide to celebrate your dog for who he is, you both can have more closeness and create an even deeper bond
Would love to, but alas, have had to go off caffeine for awhile, doctor's orders. Still adjusting to the relative lack of alertness.
hey love u
They will act religious, but they will reject the power that could make them godly. Stay away from people like that! (2 Tim 3:5)
That was very immature by Devin Ebanks.
Thanks for following. I hope you have an awesome day.
Tickets for the hoot fest go on sale APRIL 1st :)
what part of town are you in?
Take a good long look at your own life before commenting on mine as yours is far from perfect!!
it would be awesome if they won on the road a lot. very, very awesome.
Man listen to those B2ST fangirls! o.o
My brother always holds my dog hostage.
For some reason I woke up at like 1:30 and took a shower
If you are an out of market hockey fan and don't want to pay for xm radio, the hockey radio app for iPhone is awesome
Sounds good! Just let us know
what time are you coming to the game?
#shoutout follow him now :)
it was against a $100B play....it could gave been much worse
Watching a little #StanleyCup playoff hockey.
I get so starstruck around archivists whose articles I read in school. Can't believe I'm about to hear Adrian Cunningham speak.
Yes I still get hits from old blogs.Even those not about RE or mortgages#NMRealEstate Thanks to you& reminds me
Turn on the lights. I'm looking for her.
Remember 2001 when 10 best NBA teams were all in the West, but East still had to send either a bad Philly or bad Bucks team to Finals?
Have an idea for a side business but dont know where to start? Contact me, and I will point you in the right direction!
Gorgeous day in Halfmoon Bay. Lots of people and traffic with the air and car show in town.
Who want my 8500??
Everyday I retain more of what I am learning about the ILS. Lots of time spent meeting with people, lots of manual reading.
Yummy happy hour @ tropicalia with
. for LA incubators, try , started by
Superfluous ramblings & a left trn can cause an awkward crash or reveal a shrtcut 2 arriving @ an elusive yet fleeting bit of common knwldge
“: WE ARE GOING TO BLOW UP iTUNES WHEN #BOYFRIEND IS OUT!!!!!!! #24Hours #1Day”1
thanks for the follow!
Thank you for the heads up.
We are coffee bombing 1 lucky office tomorrow at 9am. Tweet if you're interested! Winner announced today at 2pm.
It smells like worms outside.
Yes. I think they are going to show WSOP esque colors after they emerge unscathed. Also 2008 when ftp start working replay
Markets do not need a reason to move down. They need reasons to move up with fresh money. Wealth can vaporize before our eyes.
Sarcasm is a weapon in my rhetorical arsenal. I refuse to enter cyberspace unarmed.
I hope it wasn't a groin
in my life babe dont be an idiot x3. Lol u sexy bitch
Ppl out here dyin for friends -___-
pleasure meeting u man, chk out my blog brokeassarts.blogspot.com
Is off to the Charles theater to see "Jeff Who Lives at Home"
No 2 better prepared for adventure than you two. Have fun !
Wow, I am so sad that I have not yet had to deal with that awesome aspect of teaching. My day will come!
We were suppose to be on a break BUT that didn't last long..Iol oh well:D
It's all good Kevin, we all love S.S.
While you're don't miss the 25th ANNUAL POINSETTIA DISPLAY at Botanical Bldg 10am-4pm. An annual symbol of good cheer & success!
“Your most unhappy students/teachers/parents are your greatest source of learning.” Inspired by Bill Gates quote
very nice :) i saw my 2sec cameo lol
Idk I don't believe in god or anything but everyone says Jesus is so great so I believe I was Jesus in a past life.
That's awesome.
Good Morning World!
OMG A ROCK/K-POP CONCERT IN SAN FRANCISCO ON SUNDAY! ^_^ I won't be there though.
Never tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon. ~Author Unknown
Please all the followers for watchnhlive please go to www.watchnhllive.com register and enjoy all tonights hockey games we have a forum to
You could also try the ShoeBox scanning app - then you could avoid Walmart altogether!
Even the healthy need reflexology: Waste products are formed in the body due to muscular activity, processed food, alcohol, smoking, etc.
Van Halen, of course. Although I think it's "give me something to write on"
Learn how to roll your own shit don't buy a sack then ask me to roll you a burner
I don't get how people want websites up ASAP but don't want to provide content.
ur house is nice wanna get married?(:
#CanSomeoneExplainToMeWhy when i look4 #SexAddict help groups,half of them R held@ #church #Priest R the reason i got this way
i wear my shades so you dont see me lookin at her ass e__e
That's pretty cool you get to do it in gym though...beats other boring workouts.
It was like a time bomb set in the motion I knew we were destine to explode
Indystorm this summer...
S/O to for RT'ing us yesterday. We appreciate all of the support!!!!
Watchin I love Lucy.
shes a great person and loves everyone. If Yall follow her it would make her year ! 300 followers where You at
Yo momma smokes my seeds and stem
ENKG!!! Best prices right now...Slap the ask!!!
yeah. Bo
take a pic Involving something to show your love for Sam and kian DM it to us and we will put in in the collage for them :)
True, fair enough. Just enjoy mocking the quiet abandonment of efficiency fairies as solution.
no they love my lil sister & brother & they like my older brothers a lot but I have no idea why.
surprised by how much B. Aires dominates shipping in the Spanish map. I wonder if Peru would be more prominent in a 1650-1750 map.
I get high on the feeling of getting stuff done... Now I'm addicted to getting stuff done.
very nice congrats
On my way to school
new bb all the way
shoot I guess we both have love for ink <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008C>
"Circulation" is on of those jargon words we often use. Unfortunately, there are too many jargon terms in libraryland.
Ahh, yes, a vacuum must be filled.
love you too!!!!
i feel like when ariana always shows her pearly whites
What's that smell #GetYoKids Who boo booed on they self!!!? #GetYoKids lmfao
Headed back to Coachella after a beautiful wedding in Long Beach.
ha no problem. :)
Its truly amazing how many people can't read the "Push" and "Pull" signs on the door.....wow...
Which of the #whcd parties are you looking forward to attending?
California here I come!
The convention they have during the draft is actually pretty cool. No other sport has that.
Doin' good. Busy but good. You?
how's Tribeca prep going? We are heading into the final weekend of ! I still need to hit your fest make my return!
Sometimes I wonder if it's possible to fail. Do people ever get bad grades? They should or else effort is pointless
"Told A Lie" music video will be released with Snake's upcoming mixtape "Don't Tread On Me" - to be released in August '11
Pleasant weather made for a good day for some "me" time! Did some purchasing for the Haute Pink vintage collection!
Just got home, such sweet messages from you, thank you. I love you guys and can't wait for u to hear them. Muah!!
This is why an MLS needs teams to take US Open Cup seriously. Garbage like Seattle wouldn't even be in CCL, if others did.
OH MY GOSH. I MUST ENTER NOW OR I DIE
Hahah(: yes! HE WILL FOLLOW YOU!
Oh yeah. The short pants too.
Thanks youtube, I heart monetization!
what can I do ? please let me know
Thanks - have a great Monday!
- wah! The jets don't get treated right!
Heading to #sandiego high risk team meeting at DA's office. Thank you #bonniedumanis for supporting this!
“: It was so lovely visiting my dear friend and her friends...i cant wait for summer! #firepit #smores #wine”True
My favorite trip I've been on is...
RT : This red hair this girl got on Tough Love is pretty AF <<<thx hunni
New Orleans Saints ‘Logo ’ 5/8 ' Men ’s Ring Size 11 – 14KT Gold Jewelry
At Arsenal in Santa Monica...
I should take a few plane rides wit a few of my followers this weekend
RT : "My English is not very good looking." Celia Cruz
I promise. In the meantime, here is my gift to both of you:
howdy! She doesn't like Mondays when I have to go to work
Shocked Vontaze Burfict has not been drafted yet. Huge talent/huge head case.
Dictionaries help ease boredom. Just saying. RT im bored and i need sum1 2 tlk 2
Sing like they can't hear Live without fear!
Morning fog and Patsy Cline. Three years in, I still get the jitters each day before teaching.
Barry Meyer & John Rogovin at Public Counsel Douglas dinner announcing new #ProBono partnership
Wow, Chipotle, awesome Willie Nelson ad.
I think I am addicted to sushi... I want to buy myself a new purse... Anyone wanna come over and play video games?
Night twitter! Looonng weekend ahead of me ;)
RT : Cool! (via ) just set up Coventry open sets for readings of plays, fiction, poetry...
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who conquers his enemies; for the hardest victory is over self. -Aristotle
hating people who think they are better then everyone else annd foget what really matters
um, hell yeah!! (: like my fav band!! :D
couldn't resist sorry
hey honey. all good
I have so been neglecting twitter
Does GoToMeeting have a free option? I'm thinking you have to do with a screen sharing app.
#20ThingsAboutMe #12: I had cancer when I was 3 and went through chemo. I have been in remission for 19 years :)
Tech problems fixed. Add your events for the fall for free. Add your classified ads for free. Welcome new advertisers
I´m to lazy today... What else LOL
get it? RAIN-GERS? Oh god i really need to get a life
I kinda chopped my hair off. I feel quite sassy and liberated!
New wireframe toys to check out!
Let's go pacers!!!
So you wnt to come on my show?
don't judge me -_-
what you guys think I'm made of money or something??? If I have enough money I will buy you both 1
#activateNYC12 now w/ on networked public sphere - showing stop-#SOPA Wikipedia blackout for #netfreedom- cc pals
Award ceremonies go so slow @ nationals! #decaproblems ! Please get to my event.!!
You guys got our interview, right? We sent it this weekend in the midst of your Appleton trip.
Salsa Saturday Night in KC with DJ Omega playing a mix of all your favorite Salsa, Merengue, Bachata and Reggaeton! Madrigall 1627 Oak KCMO
Back in the Bluegrass- home of and University of KY mens basketball team ... AKA.. NCAA Champs!
Did you know that Colorado has the highest mean altitude of all the states? "Rocky mountain high!"
"I think nostradamus was right" -jenn "abt what?"-me "the world ending this year"-jenn, "uhh...that was the mayans"-me, "dang"-jenn
Hey there, cutie!
well, I think so Forsure ha
Has anyone ever been to Country Cousins in Centerville ? #itssogood!!
It's stupid, but to each his own I guess
My 500th Tweet Goes Out The The Girl I <333..... ;D
Great night watching the game at Jack Astor's patio on Front St... Perfect weather. Not so perfect loss to the Heat. Mavs will come back!!
Arkansas had a great receiving core. Hayward had three very good opportunities for INTs. I'm liking what I an seeing
your beautiful and perfect in every way.
Walek is here at the latest #gorkanaevents with the
Amazing, isn't it, after all these years of whining about playoff system, one is near? Need four more teams but this is a start. I hate
you're going to look back and barely remember- it's amazing how that works!
haha saw you running with the computer!
it was a close one.
From broadway to Victorious. From singing YouTube covers to now writing her own music. I'm very proud of my rolemodel. <3
I Kno I Am
can you say dream team?
yes i will follow u back :)
Due to 100% chance of rain, we are now hosting busk + bake sale tomorrow (4/16) 9am-12pm. Come enjoy tunes + sweets!
I am sure it is not as exciting as what you have planned for your students!
lol. I just threaten them then their all like 'okay. gosh! sorry' lmao
Bored. wanted to chat.
Definitely! Glad you had fun too!
I'm watching your success with delight.
Only 10 scenes away from the first rough cut of the entire movie!
We are having an awesome 2 days!!! :) <<<TACKLEHUGS>>>
GO #GRIZZLIES! Join us before they battle the Clippers - the tip-off party begins at 5! Open invitation - come relax before the game begins!
People see me at the super market & they're like "Hey what are you doing here?" & I'm just like "Oh, you know hunting zebras."
ha, but see, this is why I am writing an article and not trying to cram it into a comment :)
Another rant, how can the #Brewers game be blacked out on my mlb.tv package, even though it's not on Fox here
Watching the season finale of Alcatraz. It's a shame this show is probably gonna get cancelled cause it's REALLY good.
Watching Youth Lagoon open for Death Cab for Cutie at ACL Live with and others.
That's very cool! I loved my minivan and I was sad to give it up. When your minivan years end your kids will be almost grown.
Im so DEPRESSED to see that follows other people but me...FML
if u love Ur fans retweet or follow plzzzzzz
Thanks Kyle!
Trying to come up with a good activity to go along with notes for the Crusades. Any ideas out there?
its like starting a diet or exercise plan - at 1st you hate it but after a bit you think "why didn't I do this sooner?"
Sent you a note about Anaheim's adoption of Would love to chat with you in more detail about it. Have a great day!
Very nice. You should think about being a historian. :)
Having a blast at #Sundance! The hubby produced a film in competition. Fingers crossed.
Democrats submitted 900,939 valid signatures to recall Gov. Walker, but 685,356 showed up to vote for a Dem candidate Tuesday.
Good Night Tweeps
yeah sure (: ill give you a shoutout.
Your too crazy about Nick that its probably getting annoying. I'm getting annoyed and I'm not the one that you keep replying to.
Just noticed that Oral Reading for Language in Aphasia software is available from RIC. Price is decent...
RT : Today is the first day of early voting for the primary! Go vote!
if followed me i would be SUPER HAPPY but if he cant follow me, then i hope he can reply to me :):)
#NowPlaying: Edward Sharpe, Home is Wherever I'm With You
What it do?
Someone should have Sagu watch tape of Danny Waltman...truly a classy player! :-)
Tried the cinnamon challenge w/ And <--Its hell dont try it...
Aint nun bout me cheap
maybe Bramble knows the chicken. You should ask him.
Dam another poster for LeBron
@ Fiesta San Antonio 2012 opening ceremony @ Alamo Plaza
Happiness is not a state to arrive at, but a manner of traveling. Margaret Lee Runbeck
Has to be one of the absolute worst performance in a home playoff game in NFL history. Packers were pathetic.
lol. last week there was a squirell sitting in the tree in my front yard eating a stick! it was making a really weird noise O_O
sad news....first time a pitcher blew out a knee during BP (shagging flies)?
Nice to have at game! Love camelback IPA
i cant see emoji because i'm a loser with a droid.<U+E403>
"Tick Tock" heads north! Toronto Independent FF in September.
Now that our children are required to engage in 24/7 bestiality, Newt wise to force them to work. Employers can decide on contraception.
Are you guys getting ready for the weekend? There are a lot of things going on in Vegas! What will you be doing?
damn where's the single for KM!!!!
i just saw it! hilarious and wonderful.
<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00AA> nice dude
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen You Carry Kool Aid Packets Everywhere
burned 315 calories doing 60 minutes of "Softball or baseball, fast or slow pitch"
I think we should be watching captain america in history instead of casablanca. Its during world war 2!
We LOVE it!
Thanks, Stephanie. You rock!!!
Personality is to man what perfume is to a flower. - Anonymous
First of all, thank you for the offer. We would love to offer your members our product for 59.99. Would you consider?
Why did you ask Marleni to the dance..
Tired of trying to push B2B CRM tools into your B2C(onsumer) new home sales process? Our CRM 2.0 brings you the tools needed, economically!
If you get it on DVD, let me know and we can swing a deal.
I'm as slow as James Diamond.
haha I couldn't have said it better myself!
Great Question! In San Diego affordable housing and transportation are big issues.
Doc killed that inning
I WOULD EAT #FREE BOOTY
not yet,but eventually lol
Thank you! Will do. Glad there's a season three coming.
At The End Of The Day Everybody By They Self
Hey #Chicago sports fans: What do you do when you fall off the horse? Get right back on. #Cubs in Milwaukee tonight, #Sox host the Royals.
OMG YAY! Dexter and his sister are together again after their divorce and his cancer. If you don't know what I'm talking about, it's OK.
cell or house
I only got into it because my gf said if I didn't help her with her farm she would hurt me. :D
I guess if you're tweeting, you're OK. #Don't scare me! :P
performing the first micro theater show this saturday. Micro tv feedback.
Dinner for champions, you go, girl! Good luck!
nah dude I got my girls prom to go to! If I didn't, we'd actually be playing with y'all tonight! But it's okay, next time!
You mean dependable?
It's official I am definitely going to make up a dance to this song
You're a douche bag. Just so you know.
Is going to the dinner with my lovely and well dressed dates and
I think it might be a glitch between blogspot & wordpress. Not sure, though. Thanks for replying!
shout out to my fellow photojournalist @ #fox7. Was a tough week but we all pulled together to get breaking news out and tell great stories
Dazed & Confused may be interested in featuring project on July's issue
Alerted by 4 year old's daddy that she consumed entire canteloupe while he was in shower. Clearly a bottomless pit, that one.
You, Jennifer, Courtney, David, Matt, and Matthew are my idols! I sent you a link to a youtube video please watch it <3
I'm researching the Garden Theater Block for a final project and your blog keeps popping up on the google search :)
Lol.. AAWWWW I appreciate it fam! How u been tho? Was good?
*picks up a two ton boulder and lugs at it you* take that! HA
another beautiful day! Have a great one!
Drarry I ship it.
All praises due to the most high for allowing me and you another day!
i'll admit it if i im really think ima wrong promise on my brothers grave
I just bit into a donut...oh lord!
Accept no substitutes. The XLerator is the only non-towel-based hand drying solution that earns my endorsement.
How do you treat your haters?
well that just doesnt seem very nice!
thanks You too, hope you have good holiday
Hey. Kotex matters to some of us dammit.
oh thx,but i also should record new vidoes:) dont u think so
oh they believed...you even got the "final quote" at the end of the session aka climax
Always looking for the fish.
Ricky Smiley got problems
Sorry to interrupt the game, but doesn't having .co just mean every .com will just have to by the .co to protect their brand?
Other good sites for connecting Global Ed Collaborative, Skype in the Classroom
Brad Pitt's first job was dancing in a chicken suit to attract customers to an El Pollo Loco restaurant on Sunset Blvd.
Dear chocolate fountain, I LOVE you! ;) marry me?
Chalmers.. take a seat
Who trying to mack
Hear top U.S. and international speakers at CHEA's 2010 Annual Conference. Read more at www.chea.org/About/2010AC/2010_ACIS_Final.asp
As much as I hate to say it, Dion's performance is sounding like angel sex compared to Paltrow's weak warblings
Does it freeze in New Orleans?
Thanking God for another day to serve Him by loving others and helping the extreme poor
Congrats on your new gig
You don't create your mission in life - you detect it
Goot Morning! Got damn roosters woke me up! Rise&Grind!
ON THIS DAY: #TheBeatles played their first live performance on American soil. If that day was today…what song would you love to hear?
Thanks to all that came to ! Epic night! Happy new year!!!!
what is a hint he can give out about the next rap of himself and M & N ???(: SHOUTOUT TO BRITTANY GARCIA FROM CHICAGO <3
RT sitting next to a kid at #nabj that said Bomani Jones told him to get a haircut and gave him $15. I thought he was kidding
I would but they are going to ask for ids & I lost my DL & I dnt gave an id
thanks Nikki! Hopefully you don't need it again for a while, haha.
2 weeks until GMT begins. #Vegas you ready for us?
Damn!!! I wanted Bron Bron to sweep NY city streets for ME
I need someone to cheer me up.
2nd Day of Trng with CPS Teachers. Demoing the StartingUp Skillcenter-content and social networking tool for entrepreneurs w/business plan!
I think that would just end up depressing
I'm looking for LCD now... Anyhow, it's been a while, I hope you're well.
hi sister!!!!! call me so i can get on your profile
Cold in Lexington Kentucky!
If you haven't yet go check out #legit acoustic pop music!
she gone bend it over, hands on her knees
Help Japan!
RT : Bernard: Data center of the future can be run outside - use no coolants
oh nice, um, got one for me? **begs** Cheers!
Thank you! just got my prom dress from :) its amazing! :)
i wuld like to c u try
I Feel It Would Be A Good Idea If You Came Up To Columbus <U+2665>
oh I don't even no what that anymore
That ride to the suburbs getting to ya? ;)
POTUS puts colleges on notice: If you can’t stop tuition from going up, the funding you get from taxpayers will go down.
you were also probably talking about how much you wanted to bone Megan
sorry man. Looks like you'll have to go straight to the source
What's going on Big Dog? Hit me up Sat if you have some time. Ttyl
If you are what you eat you won't want to miss our events on chocolate, herbs and raw foods. Check our Facebook events. RSVP required.
that is with me everyday :)
"you can padiddle me anytime you want." that sounded a lot dirtier than I had intended.
little difficult to conceal that
This GA turned CA girl is watching #themasters and missing the South! The Azaleas are so awesome this time of year!
Just turned on the TV and saw Alex Trebek at the Western Maryland Railroad!
Editing a new video on Leonardo's unfinished Adoration of the Magi. Its like lifting the finish to reveal his underlying process
Good friends are always there when you need them
OMG lol CHRIS HAVE NICK CALL HER !!! :D
...is awful at sleeping and worse at not gambling
AdamElesberg is looking quite nice
Tiger Woods is the best football player In the NBA.
Cause its gotta be you, only you.
Great article in #Forbes today re "Stop Selling" Bravo!
He should of told me he didnt want me now , im here stuck on stupid thinkin that im still with you...who knew you could be a heartbreaker
i am so glad the twins stayed tom fight another day
Why does everybody on The Steve Harvey radio speak like they failed their GED program at least twice?
May The Fourth Be With You! Happy Star Wars Day. Oh and always remember HAN SHOT FIRST!
Go with him!
When you become senile, you won't know it. Bill Cosby
is this the infamous Diana? Hahahaha lmao
If 'Da Boys had been playing, but as the lower rated/position team, would it have still have technically been a home game?
#nowplaying 'the dogs of war' by Pink Floyd. i have chills! o.o
I need a rootbeer in my life.
“: Pac-12 alert: Colorado, only unbeaten team in the conference (3-0), has to be in the bracket."
Got to see Channing Tatum's ass and had my first Shamrock Shake
#dshunt please follow me i love you and im in tears please look yfrog.com/kh0jepj
Maybe Penny not getting enough gnocci : )
I just ate the best cupcake ever made. If someone finds that recipe for me...I will do anything. Pay anything.
Let's Go Yankees!
I love you. Even though you still never notice me, you make my day everyday. But I still #believe #someday you will notice me
"Can I get a Cosmo and a Black label, on the rocks?" Think I'd be mad at my girlfriend/wife if she made me get her a Cosmo.
Wow Josh Smith was embarrassed twice on one play! That was hilarious.
Steering and tie rods replaced. Back to riding on rails again! =)
We have been deeply affected by this.
Auditors hard to find? Tell us what companies have the best and we'll give you their names and in many instances their direct dials!
Have a great time in Sonoma!! I expect you both to come back wine snobs!!!
Your link doesn't work for me, and I'd like to see it!
All we got is memories, so what the fuck is time.
Things are starting to turn around..
Happy saturday! Fabulous Stylized runway show was fabulous! Such great fans I have! <3
RT : No good cause you make is ever wasted. Herein lies the inscrutable and mysterious nature of the Universe. Rest assured.
will you ever follow me ? :)
Im Bored :/
Happy mothers day to my loveley mom :)
aye man, im so bored man dang
LETS PUT OUT THE BLAZE! GO POWER!
It's so quiet out here. Perfect for slowing down a bit. Just discovered some Fiestaware in the garage. Original from the 50's
lost in Downtown Detroit D; lmfao
I got all my car repairs done.
I read "Card reader died halfway through" and definitely thought yo had a traumatic tarot reading.
RT : #losemynumber "If you wanna talk about your "HIT" That nobody's Playin!!
Also, WEAR RED WHITE & BLUE and get in #FORFREE ALL NITE! We Salute you Soldiers!! 11.11.11 See you tonight!!!
I am me never do I wanna be something I am not
yeah right
Damn that commercial was sick
Eating the melt-in-your mouth sweet flesh of red & ripe ice cold persimmons.. Almost as good as eating you up.
Wednesday special is today! $20 for 5 consecutive days of tanning. Try not to be confused with our advertisements around the city.......
I wish Dolly Parton followed Miley :) they were on a show together :)
which u dumbass
I'm going to act like a college kid on #SpringBreak next week!
The Dolphins still had a solid draft in 2009 despite the Pat White disaster and failure of Turner. They still got four starters out of it.
the staff. Most of the staff and the owners
Acapulco, Mexico. Great beaches and fit birds everywhere
Maybe your heart is longing for peace?
walk upstairs and find uncle john and vincenzo are here <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Please!! is one in 17 million chance that you see this tweet but im try .. i love you so much justin!45
Students are remixing TV ads, creating memes about social justice and exploring hot-button topics at the 1st Amendment Hack Jam.
Key Note Speakers Include: Gerald Peter ("Pete") Digre, Assistant Secretary for Operations, Florida Department of Children & Families
Let's start Ratchet Fest 2012
Unless people sign up for class tonight there won't be a 6AM class.
20/JAN/2009 - greatest integration day in USA's history. But God demands separation. I shudder to think what will change minds.
Brand new website! New album dropping Oct 2010! Follow NEMESYS on Twitter and get the low down on happenings and all the dirt you wish...
i just heard some body to by justin bieber remix ft. usher
WBEE? I'll forgive you. You're a little bit country, I'm a little bit rock and roll.
I want to scream.
Sick at school today. Looking for an early dismissal. Good thing the bursar doubles as a nurses office.
We can hope that in the middle east at least things are on route to being better.
Hey at least I have & to vent to
Spending my valentines night watching pretty woman and finally finishing our honeymoon albulm
everytime i hear solsbury hill, i just start crying. we saw him this summer at red rocks and it was an utterly amazing experience...
o for how long
The reason why it's important to #SaveBillPowers is fundamental: academic freedom. 129 years of reputation and prestige are at stake.
I played your oldies today while I worked out it was awesome want u 2 know that you r one of the best..truly the greatest!
you just wanted to say "vainglorious"
Can you tell us why?
The Generation M Manifesto: You wanted financial fundamentalism. We want an economics that makes sense for people-not just banks.
I LOVE giant pink bunnies. My H&R Block commercial is running again this year. Let me know if you spot it. Thanks.
a Monkey riding a Dog is the halftime entertainment in Denver, TOTALLY AWESOME
The comfort level of even the shittiest bed rises exponentially moments after your alarm clock goes off and with each subsequent snooze.
When i mean team I dont mean the pistons I mean life team.
Marry me. Today and everyday.
#TwoWordsBlackPeopleFear is a TT that gives people the opportunity to be racist. How bout we start one for the other ethnicities as well?
horizontal dropdowns without hoverIntent have to be about the worst UX mistake ever.
RT : Damn! Good effort just didn't have enough down the stretch & couldn't get shots to fall.Proud of them though!
I think I may be getting into this NIT- Dawgs played hard all night. on fire and ending with flushing one hard.
Pit stop in #Chicago Midwest is warmer then Southern California this week
Let go of those self imposed restrictions & celebrate being alive! Stir it up, b/c you never know when you're gonna go.
I find it hilarious that girls have to stalk my twitter. lmao
Welcome home. God grant you many years, many happy years. In good health and in Salvation!
More wrestling tickets tune in to The Zone @ 94.1
now i remember why i said i needed to started messing with white girls... cuz i have no luck with hispanic chicks
RIP Whitney Houston you are with the angels now
Strength<U+FFFD>Great strength comes from faith in God. Zechariah 12:5
How's MIKKEE
took him a drive to settle down but I fully support the change.
hahaha that's funny happy birthday
My adjective is honest.
- there are no DQ's in Boston.
On behalf of Toast, Mika tweets :When Mika pretend sleeping, Toast sleeps too.
“Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you. 8 For everyone who asks receives; he wh…
The awkward moment when you realize your joke isn't as funny as you thought.
Yes yes and yes! RT : Godskitchen Tonight With Boris At Vanity! Come Play!!
a lot to a little, twice
Luigi's pizza in Lincroft is BOSS!
Welcome speakers, sponsors and attendees: Opal Public Funds Welcoming cocktail reception in the Phoenician East Foyer
75 fans. One afternoon/evening. Thank you everyone!
Am interested in examples of wordpress networks at Univ's that have outward, community public engagement focus
#GreysonMMag Favorite Subject in school?
I am a dreamchaser
I'm trynna hear from someone
WE OUT.... in 2 minutes
#ItsHardTo be part of society that only wants to see the WORSE IN YOU, fuck them! Always see the BEST IN YOU.
(Anonymous) Be grateful for what you have, not regretful for what you haven’t.
Thank you so much friend!!! I really appreciate you!
im sick so not so great
“: All registered for 2012-2013. Whew!!! Graduating next year :)”
thanks for RT
Any Tom Jones fans out there? cc:
good outweighs the bad but the bad > good?
Spending the day mixing and editing songs...sober.
Conf Call Number for #entarch is coming. I'll ping you when it comes up. Thanks
den this jamican dude and african dude was fuckin wit the bus driver after dat incident
you saw me???:D did I look good? Baha
Sick as can be right now. Rangers losing. Don't feel like moving. Might just sleep.
Yay! Schools out (':
thank you for Christmas blessing and thank you for sharing our Advent Devotional.
So lucky to have a job I love. Taking my guitar with me today
Lessons from the NFL Draft: Stay focused & patient until all the picks are made. Your late pick may be your great pick.
Carlos Pena is starting off the season on fire!
IM CRAVING FOR A SPRINKLED DONUT. OMG.
This baby next to me is so metal
I've seen the man bear pig, but none of the others
Yeah, I could hear you.
It was great seeing you too :) “: Great time seeing and tonight.”
Time to get back to work people, I never stopped so you have some catching up to do.
It's a gorgeous night to be waiting for a table outside JG Melon.
When I think about it... me niethr! Lol
RT : WTF? Obama just appointed Clooney Secretary of Handsome? That's not even a thing!
Alright fine, you get a pass for the shoes because that skirt looks fabulous.
<U+200E>---LADIES ARE FREE ALL NIGHT LONG--- TONIGHT at Current ***SHISHA ON THE OUTDOOR DECK EVERY WEEK!!***
thanks! Shazam is pretty cool!
I say yes. Consider the melting a plan!!
Only one contestant threw up during the eggroll eating contest. If I'm being honest, I was hoping for a Stand By Me type situation.
yea me too :) saw your post about the boston store opening! (i intern in the pr department) lol
since im a country girl(woman,lol) my word is dang it
Love impromptu dinner w/ , , and Penny!
Dinner entrée possibly?
Good morning #atl2012wa, let's get busy learning, talking, and ideating!
S/o to my new followers this #bud is for u
Hey folks, is busy applying some new features, we'll be back on-line in a little bit.
Wiederhold: how to theorize an ethics of audience reception? up to the speaker to link acts of perception and evaluation?
You guys suck.
Leaving for the 2nd show soon!
hookah bar with kev and his sister
Got to wait till tomorrow to post up a picture. Stupid blackberry.
Our friends at Redamte Coffee House are having a fantastic open mic night TONIGHT! Stop on down to 449 State St (upstairs)! Starting at 7pm!
It only took me a year.... glad to be IN the conversation, finally!
Dream no small dreams for they have no power to move the hearts of men -Goethe
START A LABLE && PUT ME ON GET ME OUT THA HOOD I GOT TALENT BRUH
Thanks to once again for a terrible hair cut. Here's to looking like a dipshit for the next two weeks!
Anyone want to question if the #Gophers care about this game?
Hahahaha! Oh man I just seriously laughed out loud!
Baseball season is almost here! Get me to a batting cage!
ITS GETTIN TENSE!!
i hope your not going to any sites today!! you will give the construction workers an eyeful!!! =)
Are you on Google+? There are some amazing, wonderful educators in my circles there
Yes, but not in the standard package. Not sure it was lime, though.
cool. when? where?
&then I was like "really?" &he said "idk" then I said"lmao wait lets break up ok. More fangirling instead of texting you"
only for Kelly Pitts sexy ass and if Stacey is on there
Not enjoying "Deficit Hawk Theater" in Congress. The Talk: Elect me to reduce the deficit. The Walk: Immediately vote to worsen deficit.
love u 2
Today was a shorter distance I just finished a 2.27 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
How's everyone's day going so far?
Keeping uncle Mike in my prayers right now, get well soon! Love you!
I WANT TO BUT IM STILL IN SCHOOL :( **jAr.Of.HeArTs</3**
Thanks to gov regulators
good how are you?
Shadowing at the Ref Desk for my internship.
I've bought Bundles so often that is trying to schedule it as a bill.
Hey Death, you ever hear of a BRAIN ANEURYSM? #FinalDestination5 lets hope this the last one.
Got those fresh pair of kicks but no shirt to match? Let BAM Designs create you a custom graphic tee!
Drake is the Chris Bosh of hip hop
My first day on Twitter. Tweet!Tweet!
Congrats to What's Trending team on your Webby nominations!
What a nice Saturday afternoon spent with
In any case, things are good. I'm about to spend three days reading through dusty old documents. An historian's idea of fun.
Sometimes I miss you. Then I remember the shit you put me through and I'm like "fuck this shit!"
I have a controls engineer job that I want to speak with you about. Contact me @ or 734-261-9472
Do I ever tweet out "OMG LOOK AT MY BLOG EVERYONE!!!!!"??????
Do you know when the Degrassi season 10 DVD will be released??
Love heals offenses, softens hearts, and restores people. Love never fails.
I NEVER want that !! How do I stop killing you ? & are you saying that that means yes on my last last question ?? : )
we're trying with our guy, mostly letting him lead the way at this point though
your endless vmail system and scheme to make me pay for a report to get a phone number is appalling. shame on you.
if I could use my #OneTime, it would be to have that ability. So many people would get 1 outed every down
Dam Fuck I still got to go to KY
totally loving my blonde due
#Earthlife so amazing you only live it once, so live it the best.
I AM SO JEALOUS. I want hip piercings but dermals. I don't have the balls though lol.
haha! well, my teen librarian soul is in the minority but I think we all agree that they can be damn fun books to read
Thanks to my writers group and blog keeping me disciplined, I can't believe how much I get done each week!
I got to go on the Boeing 777 tonight... it was minutes from heading out to CDG-Paris! It was freaking awesome... omg huge!!!! <3
I just got cast on a new TV show. Celebrity Impersonator Rehab. My Chaz Bono impersonation's got me addicted to sexual reassignment drugs
Yeah, that would be cool. Let me know whenever you are out this way and we will hang out.
there must be some really desperate guys at Georgetown. Must be a sex socialist too spreading it around
CHECK YOU DM'S PLEASE?
I Feel Like A New Person... Lbs
Oh? Haha! Obviously haven't done too much research into it yet. Stopped at "go to the Netherlands with the iSchool." :)
no, my sisters always ask me when I'm going to start dating though. They've been wondering a lot lately. Lol.
I'm actually about fire up my WebTV right now and check my Hotmail
Warren is if I may, "Spot On".
Another #Giants sac!!
not if he doesn't bring his grades up. See Iknow this stuff because I'm his girlfriend and I love him :)
#Time goes by #quickly. #Cherish #people #laughter #joy and #love in #life. #Never take for #granted. #Tomorrow things
I've heard great things abt that show. Make sure to let me know when ur ep is so I can watch.
Who found a Dutch Bros super close in the OC? ME!!!!!
If George Kottaras doesn't swing at it, it's not a strike.
can we plan a nite in nyc? Open bar bdays. They r playin Jay Z n I wish u were all here!!
I fucking knew we shouldn't have traded Sean Marshall.
Thanks to for the follow! Text message marketing is the fastes way to get coupons and specials to your customer. Ask us how
Came to work to find that my reference desk shift had doubled. Hit me with some interesting questions alright?
7/10 at 2PM: The screening for MAC n’ CHEESE. A Horror-Drama directed by Emre Lufte Cicek & shot on the RED CAMERA. I play “Mommy Dearest”!
Have to write on a Saturday? Escape to your favorite coffee shop and write there instead of in your office. This breaks the monotony...
A8: Anyone from the #TECHmunch Tampa crew!
God. Pageant moms.
SERIOUSLY?! I don't think I've ever seen a messier stage. Wow.
RT : Another gorgeous day in !
The hardest thing to learn in life is which bridge to cross and which to burn.
To blessed to be stressed
when someone touches your phone and you automaticaly turn into a ninja.
Hoping the flat tire is really patched.
Catching up on Archer, holy crap i love how Pam is becoming a bigger character.
I got home at like 2:49 and I'm tirrrrrreed.
Congratulations to Jose Miranda, the newest State Rep in PA's 197th. He was a former student on a Mock Trial team I coached.
Do not worry about your difficulties in Mathematics. I can assure you mine are still greater ~ Albert Einstein
It will! RT : Just ordered a bottle! Sounds like it will smell yummy!
50% off dinner tonite and tomorrow at The Clifton Inn. Thats a really good bargain ! Not many spaces left, so reserve now
not that I recall...
As a parent you must realise your life is not only yours! Every action, every decision and how you live affects the behaviour of your kids
when I'm with you I'm more of who I want to be
Chilling at central park w/ tribe! This can only get better tonight!
Thanks so much for the WWI simulation link.
I have two tickets to the Dash Berlin concert tonight at Congress Theatre in Chicago! Who wants them? For free, of course!
This new mixtape is gonna be serious. Puttin a lot of work in on this one
"Life" is a mysterious creature within all of us.
No. No conference colds. Not allowed.
AND MY LUNCH MONEY. Today's gonna be bad.
josh yew are hawt
damn if i was as special as chris i would help anyone who needed it.....like me i for instance haha
Sale today!!! Call 619 335 7523 for some hardcore organic carpet cleaning. Green can b mean peoples!!
In my lifetime I have only been in love with one guy, and still am =)
We are very close to pitting homeless people against low income persons. Let me explain...
"Only yesterday was the time of our lives"-Adele. Life is short...have your camera handy for those moments in time.
For all you following me that I'm not following back. I will follow you next time I'm on my computer. Word?
lol that actually sounds really boring. Lol I've never risen out on a Monday. Go on a Friday or Saturday!
what happened??
a sound studies panel with Pinch I got in on last minute. Should be a hoot, trying to write it with Bill's paper...
Time for a tie mon
It's my favorite day of the week! #followfriday!
Ending the #uwethics conference with an #AnthonyShadid tribute "The Truth We Tell: Reporting from Foreign Fields"
“: How great are LA Sports teams all winning: ” how is the NFL team doing?
18 isn't my favorite number for no reason
ah, we are meeting at Rosslyn metro at 9:45am, limo bus picks us up, takes us to 4 embassies, and returns around 2pm.
Sweet... I hit it like fonzi & it works... kinda :)
thank you for the #FF!
Do you prefer a hand-held or a wall-mounted shower head when you stay in a hotel?
Hey Rose! I like that your updates often involve cooking :)
Everybody signing to G.O.O.D music
Badgers and roses.... Perfect mix for today!!!
Thanks for following!
Thanks guys. Much love!
Great advice!
sorry it took so long...should be there any day now
Walking down stairs and seeing your face just ruined my morning.
I have a new crush... gonna make an inconspicuous move soon
I'm just waking up FYI. Thought it was going to be another Monday. Now I feel better about myself
Heard #TakingBackSunday on Sirius this morning, forgot how much i LOVE. Reminds me of college. <3
Better beer near, than near beer!
See Jodee Rich, , PeopleBrowsr founder, doing demo of PB's new social analytics platform at TechWeek Chicago.
Fresh Collard greens, sweet potatoes, macaroni and cheese, & chicken and dressing (: Sunday dinner!
Miss you all!
...Now it's really easy to piss me off.
DEFINITELY award-worthy!! So many quotable moments. Thank you!!
ok, i'll look more closely next run. Just strange that it was at exactly .25mi and I've never had this prob w/ over 30 prev runs
Proud to say I don't know anybody from West Virginia
Keep on coding, Henri!
What does your lawn look like? Most are in bad shape from the summer stress. Make sure to aerate! How has your lawn taken the brutal July?
Always the challenge! RT : Awesome job, at #slnsolsummit. Now, if only I had time to dig into all the blendkit resources.
LOL For one with such good taste, you certainly are modest. ^_^
I'm not even remotely a confrontational person, soo I know i'm not starting these fights!
Sure I'd like to go to Hawks. Just the other one...
How was the Heat game! Wish I could have gone!
Another 2 mile run under my belt. On Sunday it's 4! I just finished a 2.00 mi run with Nike+ GPS.
I feel like I can match a song to almost any word someone says.
The Only Thing That Comes to A Sleeping Man is Dreams”
Wow 50 at Sweet Tomatoe's
Sleep music will be either Jack Johnson or Joshua Radin. Can't decide.
Good Morning, Cheryl!! :-) I'll DM u in a few minutes when I'm finished pimping! Got info for you!
When someone puts "[insert your desired descriptor]" in front of my name, I'm kind of tempted to own it as it is.
Glad you made it home. Wish I were home myself. Don't be bummed.
Happy 2012 - the Fall season of 2011 broke a record at rentMYinstrument - most musical instruments shipped out to students & professionals!
cool did it bro
Sorry guys, I'm on a Twitter chat - it made sense if you were on it.
So, I think I may be concussed...but don't worry, I still have absolute pitch.
how creepy!!
Smile on my face an fuck y'all who attempts to take it off, I'm Happy
Ha! That's how I feel about Such a manly man! RT I have such a crush on 's Henry DiCarlo. Such a stud.
I think Eddie Murphy had one in 48hrs. Minus the rims.
Frozen dinners.
I heard Summer Jam is supposed to be wild
Agreed! Yayyy Friday!
congrats to Jimmy Patsos on win No. 100 with
Sorry, just got this-- will DM you my #
Haha. Thats not all for what I would do to my Nubian BBW queen. If can become a yes ;)
Today in 1881: P.T. Barnum and James Bailey merged their circuses to form "The Greatest Show on Earth."
Making a demo reel for my blog
dance party & disco ball just broke out lunch and learn! is thinking outside of the box and boadroom!
“Dear Math, I liked you a lot more before you and the alphabet started hooking up Sincerely, All Students -_-”
But it was completely worth it!! #TheAvengers <U+2665>
Working on forever...
Mike Brown. . .really #lakers?
Learning and Blessings to U all
Sounds like a busy schedule! Who do you play hockey and football for? -Adam
I have to admit I'm more productive at night time.
My kind of rain
me too !!!! My stomach is starting to growl /: lol
Yeah. Devils looked great. Bryz was good, but his D was awful. Flyers were up 2-0 early, lost 4-2
if there is no struggle, there is no progress.
The ones closest to you can hurt you, but thats cool because even the world would not know Jesus Christ if there was never Judas
This is the only song I can think of that is a repeat. 1st ep and AU ep
Sometimes life just smacks you in the face and you gotta learn how to deal with it.
oh god I hare that too. Worst thing ever.
Thrive Lunch will be held at Hiawatha tomorrow 11:30 am. If the sunshine stays we will be enjoying our lunch outside.
that was embarrassing...
thanks for following. Check out as well.
Affiliated with a group, school or institution that wants 2 train people on entrepreneurship & business planning? SIGN UP...
some1 tweet me im bored
My arm is so messed up
Make it nasty
How can you tell the pig is a failure as Easter bunny? By the egg on its face.
it is!! Likewise!
#MM #Follow these great
We got our Dragonwell green tea back and it's better than ever! Truly
I could never quit you!
verns sexy, so if you're reading this vern, you're sexy;-)
Watching the avengers
And whoever I be with they got nothing on you.
Lame nigga be quiet you're in the presence of a real nigga
“: Woo can't wait!” Love the enthusiasm! :-)
no more talk about boys!!!
Each day's a gift and not a given right
Tonight's menu: cornmeal-crusted trout & a side of dirty rice w/ fresh zucchini & leeks. Who says you should have company to eat well?
I'm pretty sure the pope has already told the Castros too bad lol
And, I can't even help correct these other people's children because they do not speak English. Can anyway say please stop that in French?
Did Austin follow you?
What time do you go to sleep? Now it's 11:32
“: y?”you still in Houston.?
- Haha, you and just aren't going to stop asking me about that huh? ok, yes, there is an expiration date ... 3/27
I'm a popular lady! I might have just made plans tonight, which means I've hung out w/different folks 3 nights in a row.
That hurt ": #WaysToTellPplTheyreUgly Call them precious"
We have a delicious breakfast waiting to be cooked just for you!
That Awkward Moment When Someone Like You , But You Like Their Friend .
fantastic WKCE outcomes. All stakeholders should be proud and keep pushing forward.
LOVE IT!!!! ME TOO! I've watched it like... 24 times already. lol. WE NEED THE EP NOW!!! <3 looking forward to it!
Can we Help??-Heading up to Milwaukee for my bro's bachelor party on Sat...any suggestions on bars to hit up? - via
Captain America sucked. knows what I'm talking about;)
Good luck with #LWF12!! I'll have to follow from a distance this year :(
she probably isn't even driving a FIAT
HAPPY BIRTHDAY MAN KEEP HAVIN FUN AND SAY HI TO JUSTIN (NEPHEW)
Chris Paul (hip) and Blake Griffin (knee) will play (start) tonight vs the #Grizzlies!
wow sombody has a crush on me shoker but YAY!!!!!!!!!!!! we got the second house more candy!!!!!!!!!!!!
bye girl
I went to wal-mart with a visa card and bought your wife a leotard and made her try it on to get my penis hard,
Get that 3wheel motion tho... RT : One dirty south down one more coming up
Now that I understand it, I love Illustrator.
Build something you love and try to hold onto it as long as possible. If you sell it, they will change it or kill it. -
Hubby is touring a studio space. I'm home from work, waiting on him to bring me a big burrito. Hurry up!
Wallsteet should be thankful that Zuckerberg didn't dress up like one of The Misfits.
#WhyILoveYou Because in a room full of people you're always the only one I see
Yay! finally released the PDF export and Email functions for the new GA!
just tell him you're upset
Thanks Ryan
Mike Wallace dies at 93. Great man and reporter. RIP "I can't think of a better job for a reporter. It's been a joy." -- M.Wallace
You too Kim!
": Raisin cookies that look like chocolate cookies, are the main reason I have trust issues."
You're just in Seattle.
shut up
congrats Beth! What a huge accomplishment!!!
brie won't hold my hand :(((((( le cries
please follow me your gorgeous and I love you on
The weathers beautiful outside...
Wondering when Jack Frost is planning to leave town...
Is it the same Jesse that used to be at Tony & Guy in the Galleria - trying to track her down!
“: Dude. #GIRLS is the best. is a goddess.” It is pretty much made of everything awesome.
that's a fabulous idea! I'll let be in touch after I get back from Jerz ;)
me nd my 2 friends r watching it
so you never wanna txt back lol
hey woman how are you? i woke up so late im trying to catch up cant you tell? ... lol
J Squared's going to the Dove Awards tonight...HOPE TO SEE YOU THERE TOO!
Yay! RT : Startups Day One complete! Wouldn't be here w/out the backing of
What nonsense from the NFL.
It's a terrible feeling waking up after a three day weekend knowing you still have school work to get done before tomorrow
Pappa's teaching the boy how to drive the tractor. Love it when he comes home early.
{Winks sweetly } Hey Darlin' how are you today?
More than 150 guests are at Stritch today for Campus Visit Day. Welcome! We're happy to have you!
The pizza place in question is about 5 blocks from me. I heard about it via good old fashioned flyer in mailbox I think. Or word of mouth?
I wanna borrow that tweet
New U.S. claims for unemployment benefits fell slightly last week but a trend reading rose to its highest since January.
Cheerr with or soccer with .. Which one ?
lubb u stinky butt
That sounds so good
At a Dominican hair salon, I hope they understand me when I say ONLY CUT MY TIPS.. -_-
best part is that all those tweets my two roomates playin madden on xbox lol
Anyime Curtis, Anytime!
I follow back!!!
Woo! Thanks for helping to get the word out!
Restaurant owners... What is your biggest question or concern about using social media our mobile marketing to promote your restaurant?
Fucking bullshit that's all you speak!
lol you know ! How are you?
All I want to do is go to sleep.. Is that too much to ask
So glad I got to spend most of my day with <33
go back to sleep
Warmer. Get some Stan Getz 45s & we'll see.
Rock on, Betsy. Thanks for the follow and for ALL that you've done to bring #skateboarding to !
can't wait to start my second job :D
Wish I could be there RT 9/29 Jill Lepore on "The King James Bible in a Country without a King" open to public; $15/tix
lmao last night was funny as hell
nah ! Well .. Is that i havent sleept since yesterday because i forgot my pills in miami
My girlfriend likes to talk to me during sex...last night she called me from a motel
Just for comparison: KenPom had USC at 53 last year and has UW at 66 this year.
how ripped were you coming into that exam? I was dying
Cleveland midday 586
The Tavern will not have Trivia this Tuesday due to the Denver Nuggets playoff game vs. the LA Lakers. Please join us: GO NUGGETS—BEAT LA!!
oh eu adoptaria-a :)
I just love to
i get migraines too and my neurologist wants me to start botox therapy, once insurance allows me to.
It's okay dearie. I have 2 amazing kids and am a lot stronger because of it all. :)
: "We don't have any current plans to support Blackberry, including Playbook." > I am so glad I already canceled my membership.
can't dm you back until you follow
The Shadow! What a nose!!
is it bad that I'm already packed for the beach? haha
"Share your knowledge. It's a way to achieve immortality."
I love haters
Elias: The Heat lost to the Magic on Tuesday despite scoring 20 unanswered points in the second quarter.
I'm not mad ... I just feel like someone should know lol
Doooooogggg ": Niggas try to get at me"
If your left hand is 1 key to the left, you type aww instead of see. Aww that's cute.
There's just something wrong about being a VIP at a metal concert! Oh well, the food is delicious.
Happy New Year to All-team, clients, content partners, friends and colleagues and the world of potentials!
RT - The Cleveland Indians have the worst logo in the history of organized sports. "Offensive" doesn't even come clo...
- now I am curious. Tell me, who are you?
My party pants are more than ready! Can't wait to see you guys. Holla!!
Ham Bone puts the #Twins up 1-0.
I take some of the longest showers ever, how could you not its such a stress releiver :)
Our Newark office is open today 8-5. ALL new patients receive 30% off glasses. 110 High St 315.331.5721. Hope to see you there!
That is unfortunate.
The IRS tell me I forgot about the Making Work Pay Tax Credit on my tax return. Thanks, but why make it so complicated?
whats for lunch?
That song blessed by Jill Scott is so aggravating.
lol sorry bro :/
swam this morning at 5 bout to go do it again
ATTENTION Porn Stars on Twitter no one cares about the shit you do during the day. we just wanna see the nude and fuck pics you post!
#Walter is Adorable!! I have 2 elderly hospice dogs of my own. I am honored to spend the end of their life with them!
Let me know if you want to attend a fundraiser for/with Elizabeth Warren tomorrow at a Takoma Park home. I'll fwd you invite.
idk why ! You're dumb ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081> owe me $20
Do you want stability or freedom?
Don't think because you choose God everything is going to be perfect.God had haters too!So expect opposition,but know He'll see you through.
ight im done
Yeah, I got there late and was sitting towards the back. It was much more interesting than I thought it would be.
I'm down for whatever let's get a crew
“: You cannot get the butt you want by sitting on it :P”
: "We need to talk about retiring those teachers", and investing in infrastructure. Yes!
Don't even know who you are anymore
Chamber of Commerce celebrates local schools - Stow Sentry
YES YOU GOOD GO BIG
Lookin forward to it!
I'm sick of you .
Good morning (:
was there a mention of us? i can't find it.
Come on, good music, gotta jump around Ash!
#IB just die already
Reaching out to other people carries divine power!
yo we're tryin to record to that beat but it's kinda slow. Do u have anything faster?
Dolby fits in perfectly with and the #oscars. Glad the months of hand-wringing and wild speculation are over.
Happy Thanksgiving everyone!
too bad I cant retweet you.
: Fear is a way we sabotage our dreams because we often forget that we are capable of achieving whatever we want, of doing whatever we want.
I don't want the reporter to be dead... I liked him!
Going to breakfast. Oatmeal with fruit is the best breakfast!
With just right touch of backspin, you can properly bounce it off the ground and back onto your head.
should've been double T. LeBron throwing that bow. Ball don't lie!
I've been neglecting twitter a bit as I find my footing in a new routine. Catching up this morning and remembering I've missed y'all.
My eyes, my eyes! *blinking rapidly*
I use to love Russell Westbrook...now I hate em lol lbs.
why are you still up? #youshouldbein bed
if you could go back in time, what year would it be?
Thankfully it worked out for them. Not so much for the family in my story tomorrow night.
sooner or later you will have to change your stance
Since then I've kept busy with side projects while I search for the next thing.
Yep. But I want it clear that misogynistic crap is bad politics, and any humoring of it will result in humiliating defeat.
I just signed up for adCause, a cause based twitter ad network. Check it out at www.adcause.com
Aw ima tell him u said it lmao jp
Soon they will be avaible in stores as of right now only through www.SnoClothing.com Thank you for your interest.
Haha RT Prehistoric feathers were found trapped in amber.Hopefully someday scientists will open atheme park of cloned duvets.
I just shed a tear so thought it was Saturday.....
AAU coaches who use their kids to benefit them <<<<< trying to help the lil homies is the only reason I do what I do
everyday I get on twitter in hopes you will follow me and today is no different
I don't have one, but I have done the research. I don't think it's worth it.
my kids scream when they see bugs except ladybugs. My 4 yo calls it "my friend."
Just watched a homeless woman pull out a palette & beat her face on the 4/5
#hump day already...... opening night tonight....love coming home and watching baseball!
It takes courage to step outside & go against the grain. Big risk = Big payoff
Having a great bitching session with LOVE IT!
Well, at least you got a nice meal at the Asian Grill. We kept refreshing your updates that night until we fell asleep!
Waking up to my last Johnstown morning. Lawrence County, Plum to follow later in the week.
Nope! We'll pick a name at the PCA office & announce it via Facebook tomorrow. will hand out the pass. Details TBA.
oh no you don't have to!
I would be the happiest mom if you chose me so I can see my girls' lovely smiles
Belt, Pill, Sanchez make Giants roster
Hm....what will I eat tonight? So many #DTSS choices!
Newt Gingrich is a TRUE patriot! RT Have you tweeted your favorite #Reagan moment yet? Death to Obama! Love ya Cally!
Totally stuck at Detroit airport - think I'm gonna take this fun red train back and forth from the terminals though...
what is your opinion on taking spontaneous cross country trips? #thisisimportant :)
thanks for the tweet. Don't know how you felt listening to that convo, but I was really inspired
You know you're single when you order $35 worth of Domino's just for yourself.
has me reading James 1 "Consider it pure joy whenever u face trials b/c you know that the test develops perseverance...'
PB Ale House will be part of WaZillo, great meeting...!
Current word count: 2514. Today's goal: 3314.
“: just laughed out loud” I love SMG and their smoking hot employees!!!!
I love hugs :D
I hope your mother is going to be ok. And conservatives have been nice long enough.
you rock!!
right now I am abusing my twitter privileges, and I'm aware of that
"America is all about speed. Hot, nasty, bad ass speed." - Eleanor Roosevelt
Fuck the dress code
About to get this morning workout in...getting back in MMA shape
Not a good start.
Thanks Jordan! Tiny Danza is awesome.
It's highly doubtful that people in actual rodeos ever say, "this ain't my first rodeo."
Hanna looks up to No. 82 - San Antonio Express (blog)
My mom just brought me a Frappuccino. I love her <U+2764><U+2764>
I sware to god I tierd of all this damn drama #drama:(
shared the article this morning. Sounds like I should lay off the headstand and learn handstand instead!
VIA Dos. We are populating. The logo is up. A search button that finds nothing. Enjoyment for most, but not all.
We just listed some Automotive Decals like Mallory, Hurst, Hays, Accel and Mr.Gasket for just $1.50 each on our online store. More 2come.
Arts and culture, this is the education that drives our dreams. The world we see is the world we actualize
haha like come on I could deal with a Clark jersey but Not Stokley
"Midnight In Paris" is now at $43.5 and still being shown on 621 screens. It's a top-10 film with the highest % gross increase yesterday.
Today is one of three nice days in new york! lol
the CAT OPENS THE DOOR BY HERSELF!?!? Amaze.
i had my partner daydreams4rock hit your sub -- get on there with comment n hit some likes is good karma - lets do more
you know I am kidding boy!
I see yet another GOP debate is scheduled for tonight. Good thing, too; I was starting to get the shakes.
AH HAPPY BIRTHDAY SYD!!!! I LOVE YOU!!!!
Want to be better? Surround yourself with better. #topfament 410.513.9199
RT : #ifOnly people don't change
next sat my dude, cinco de mayo. Philly.
Not a good morning for J, not a good morning for the rest of us
New G+ iPhone app still sucks.
I know I'm slightly late on this but RIP Davy Jones. You were always an awesome Day Dream Believer!
Make use of your library. It Is free and expands your mind. Pick Up a book today!
Happy birthday to Fivel!!
BREAKING NEWS: Fred Thompson Endorses Newt Gingrich to No One In Particular
If u think Obamas a Muslim intent on instituting Shria Law perhaps u would like 2 purchase1 of my patented tinfoil hats
Just had the butterbeer at Harry Potter's here at Universal. Sweet and yummy. Like cream soda with marshmallow!
Life is crazy...
Would that be a fatty or a chubby?
Um. Chris Bieber or whoever he is does nto look like Justin. You can't copy Justin's flawless face uh good bye.
Today ATL, tomorrow Panama...need some sleep!
. kicks off the New Year at #ClosetSundays (Jan 1st)
Paving work expected to tie up traffic on NW 185th this week between West Union and Westview H.S...work today is 8:30 - 3:30.
Utah's Sen. Orrin Hatch faces primary challenge - Boston Herald
Leave it to the first of the month for nazi Evan to come out. Lol. Fuckkkkk.
Tomorrow Mercury stations direct in Pisces; April 13th Mars stations direct in Virgo. Lots of action for the mutable signs this month!
My dog is a whore , I just can't look at her the same way after she fucked some random ass stray dog
I just made a song now I need a beat to qo with it
“: Tony D 370# x2 bench press 2 board with a pause” what?thats ridiculous
The key to looking young isn't some magical cream or a machine. It's working out! Sweat clears your poors of all the BS and you look younger
there a replay coming on?
I can't listen to one song without it bringing back unwanted memorys..
Fantastic meal tonight w the family! Wish you had build your own pizza on Saturdays for kids:-)
Anyone bringing their pup to Champagne&Sugar? Ours is gonna get doggie bag. cc:
you got "Went The Day Well" 25/1 odds
In the mood to eat something green. I think I'll make delicious greens and beans with red kale tonight!
Glad NPR just gave a nod during their piece on ukuleles. Ukulele power ftw!
YAY! That's awesome!!..make sure to play some Britney songs in my memory too!:)
RT : A small town with a big mountain—and a personality to match—Taos always offers something out of the ordinary....
I have choices! Tomorrow night, should I go see or ?
Edward won't mind you coming to live with us for a while, You and EJ could hang out more that way -smiles-
Happy Ending? There are no happy endings. Endings are the saddest part, So just give me a happy middle. And a very happy start. -Shel S.
“: Good because I've been going through swag withdrawal.” swag u didn't pickup? Lol
haha. Love that you needed to clarify. We Buffalonians are ridiculously sensitive.
I must have those cupcakes
So if it's the relative minor then we can start on 1 min, right? In other words make 3 in a major key into 1 in a min key
Down to be mine?
what's up girl.. So sad that the Detroit Shock left, my hometown.. :(
Great attitude! Happy Mother's Day!
i don't get it? and he's always looking good in
I'm sure of it.
Fitness doesn't have to be scheduled in, shipped off to the gym, a big chore, etc. Make it part of your day. Sneak it in:...
Oh JAH, Thank you for everything that you have given to me & thank you for everything that you have NOT given to me. RASTAFARI! ~Selah
even floral on floral! I always remember to have varying size of the same print!
Back from several hours of tracking down obscure stuff at the library.
It's not everyday you dance to Kenny loggins with your Chief Operating officer
I promise I wouldn't steer you wrong! ;-)
#TellMeIfYouDown to learn new #makeup #tips ! Follow us! #retweet ( must be following )
Awesome service now back to work to deliver food.
Damn Money...this train can't be derailed! I hope Pac Man keeps on running from you because he doesn't stand a chance!
“: i'm hungry....i stay hungry...i should be fat with the way i eat smh.” me too
We'll help you out the best we can! :)
Interesting. A colleague and I using Firefox 9.0.1 have noticed Google results using the secure httpS. Tested in Safari & it's http.
Yes! I'll be at #paycon. Can't wait!
strong customer relationships are starting to provide fruit to many tables. it's a great day in our Motor City.....
text me brown I lost URL number
I'll find a way
what happened?D:
so true r u goin back to sleep
Since such games and websites are used by several corporations, they would be paid huge for their specialty
it was xD hahaa gotta love Tim Burton and Johnny Depp! Lol
That AWESOME feeling when you reconnect with old friends.. MAN i'm so excited!!... and I'm texting a GUY.
Politicians and diapers have one thing in common. They should both be changed regularly, and for the same reason.
is having a contest for a FREE 2ounce bottle of HCG! Details on their FB page www.facebook.com/SoCalHCG
At Heros Lounge in Dallas TX right now about to do the REGISTRATION for the upcoming $500 Talent event here on Fri. Feb. 17th!
What is this?
I like the view from here I'm so high I can't see you from here
thanks! I'll keep an eye out for it.
30th annual Fayetteville Dogwood Festival comes to a close
Random News: Priyanka Chopra to be brand ambassador of Garnier
This guy Skrilecks is only famous because everyone who listens to him is too young to realize he looks like Corey Feldman
Kids, if you don't know who Garrison Keillor is... ask your Grandparents.
CD? What's that?
Jenny Lewis tonight!
Self Education>>>
He holds onto her memory, all it is is a memory.
Lebron and Durant are statistically even. But who do you want with the ball with a minute left? No brainer, Durant.
TONIGHT #Obsessions Brings #MYKKOMONTANA LIVE!! #X #PoleDancer #Strippers #Ass ALL OVER THE PLACE TONIGHT // 4525 Glenwood Rd Decatur Ga(e
Follow artists and
nah I'm good
We have a "Super Line" sighting: 8-19-28.
I have a bad habit of not putting clothes away and tossing them on my floor. My apartment is very clean, my room.. not so much
Just typed iDeal by instinct. What have you done Apple…
Candidate for Membership, running unopposed: Rebecca Sader. Platform: Social involvement of GSA members, variety of activities.
PS3 & Xbox360 comparisons are missing a key element. A joystick. I have yet to play iOS game that responded 100% w/ virtual directional pad.
Also I have to pee.
Morning has been kins warm lately
#sleepisoverated. Or is it?
My mirror thinks im a model , and my camera thinks im a troll -___-'
made it in my school yearbook! You look great girl.
how are the kids #markruffalo ? are the allright?
up and coming photographers interested building an excellent diverse portfolio contact , please spread the word.
1990s Joe Montana could build a time machine and offer to play for the Jets next year. Fans would say nope, we want Sanchez
my mom won't let me do anything this weekend /:
Perhaps I'll list "learn to reposition GPS satellites with my mind" as a goal, just to see if anyone's paying attention.
No. Didn't see that. And you provide me no link. Off to The Google.
Three of my all time favorite shows r Heroes,Touch,and Victorious.
nothing I'm about to hit the.sheets
I just wish more Black Indie filmmakers develop Black dynamic characters.
also M.j. in CAPTAIN E.O. and THE WIZ
“: Wild stat from ESPN research: In last 75 North Carolina-Duke games, the score is Duke 5,858, UNC 5,857.” - crazy!
DO NOT get caught trying to be a #woman in #Texas. It's rough for the ladies everywhere, but damn.
No home runs tonight! #Brewers 9th
Return to Forever!!! Yes sir
RT : We think you'll <3 the article by in HuffPost @ the generosity of the translation industry:...
Q4 #libchat i ask because it seems like the part of the world i'm falling into ... not at all regrettably ...
saw the R/GA bus today... cool stuff...
#TradHome #AADLA thank you! Table will be on display thru Sun. is fantastic!
He's tremendous. RT I hear and I think early 1990s Springfield Indians. Great play-by-play.
terrible! NBA stars used to compete in this....
Free garden tours guided by our expert staff TOMORROW at 10 am and 1 pm. Meet at Visitors Center! cc
Folks kill me calling my phone private like I cnt unblock Yo #
kobe goin the f.ck off
yo I heard you like xzibit so I put xzibit in your exhibit so you can exhibit xzibit while you exhibit xzibit
Getting Kindi itchy for this #brewers cardinals series to get going! Pretty sure we can get 2 outta 3 for sure...
How about just talking to YOUR constituents and being honest - if you must tweet just realize it's public and be yourself
I knew this ten before I knew of the bren. For me this is the original ten.
I wonder what Matt Smith is doing right now
Win a TAPE CLUB Cassette and LP or CD from at ModernMysteryBlog.com!!! Enter by 10/12!
Happy New Years everyone! See you in
#MyBiggestFlaw - I sing in the shower, sometimes I volunteer too much, occasionally I'll hit someone with my car. So sue me
I actually didn't know what you were doing with spoilers I just wanted to try lol
Thoroughly enjoying our jammies day, my little cuddle bug needed to catch up on rest as much as me apparently. Let's have another nap!
Good morning, #SFSU! What's your favorite hump day treat?
thanks! On it
#ReplaceAWordInAMovieWithTits Scary Tits
I don't. How bout I Twitter introduce you like a fully stereotypical IT nerd :D? You guys can decide if you want to email, etc.
On Friday will be chatting w/ about censorship of the internet. Tune in at 11AM CST on
Wow...I don't know what to think of that.
lol just say no!
Do my ears deceive me or did Dick Bremer just say its about time to cut Trevor Plouffe?
We're fans of the canals with #46for46 murals! RT : My favorite place to take a walk/run Downtown ________________?
I'm just saying there's a lot of OF better at the plate than Markakis. He might be better than all of them in field tho
Screw Atlantico Rum..... Dewars 12 is where it's at!
I'm defeated before we even begin.
tomorrow is my 17th Bday!! And I get a tweet please!?!?! I love you guys!!! <33
Got a tablet but couldnt afford the cover. So I wrap it in my sweatpants. haha
We wish all the Mothers, a happy MOTHERS DAY Cheers!!!!! Breakfast in Bed a Mustk kids...
snapping turtles?
Inspired and motivated to be rooted in Detroit.
Have you heard of Cheat ? Amazing stuff at www.xyngular.com/samc
I'm glad you enjoyed this holiday that is definitely all about you! #you'resomaternal
omg justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com
you are in for such a treat!!
don't tweet! Or else your mentions is gonna be like 1000 and u wouldn't be able to see my tweet! Please follow me(:
haha just a little bit
GO REQUEST 'S SINGLE 11:11 ON YOUR LOCAL RADIO STATION!!!!!
You shouldn't be thrilled MT We were thrilled with Cantor's 60 Mins episode
D.R.A.M.A. = D-umb R-etards A-sking for M-ore A-ttention
HappY sundaY All:))
thanks! Your tour was a great part of it!
#sixwords - God made you just for me
for sure Idk when your bday is but I turn 21 next month if your going to be old enough you should come if not ill come to urs
they both are
RT : catch at echelon 3000 with ladies free all night
No, it's something I refuse to do. To me it means the job is not a good fit and & won't reinvent myself for each opening.
Needless to say my dreamscapes are awesome :-)
what do you think? RT : Would you want to text the Oregon Symphony? Or,receive text alerts from us?
Just did week 5, day 2 of #c25k with !
Again, pitching is not our prob right now, spotty hitting is! Maybe its just not our year?
Thanks for stopping! Hope you had a good time
It's ironic: #ChristianConseratives we're concerned might B a closet Muslim...now they R willing 2 nominate a #Mormon?
Love is foolish ... but I still might try it sometime. ~ Floyd
That's tight ! Where was this at?
yes fool ! Who tf else lol
Hope you are all safe and sound #eqnz in New Zealand – Following from Milwaukee Wisc. USA
There are 20 angels in this world: 10 sleeping, 9 Playing ... And One Reading This ... :) <U+2665>
Did really just bring out a mil like that!? Shit! #MoneyTeam <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0>
DITTO! RT ALL THREE. RT Breakfast, lunch or dinner? Which is your favorite meal to eat while drinking Tampico?
22 followers to go til we hit 4,000. RT to help me hit the next milestone. Thank you friends. :)
Help us settle a debate, Which is better #newyork style or #chicago style pizza?
Right now it's just A and F
Good luck to all the mini runners today! And congrats to all the graduates! It's a big day for bucket lists.
Shabbat Shalom! I'm so excited that Danelle & I get to & enter into the Sabbath with Sarah. This will be the 1st time as a family!
Threw out 1st pitch at single A short Yakima Bears. Went full windup and threw it as hard as I could. It's a can't miss approach.
#agile is the ability to roll out changes to your payment page, see an error in the logs, and fix it by the time they try and pay again.
Awesome, sounds pretty interesting- I wish I was there. Tell Beth I said hello.
Shoots for the stars. You are only where YOU think you are. Remember that...
Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with costumers.
Did #ARod just bunt for a single
& that was the best episode you guys have ever done with of without the iconic boyz LOVE YOU GUYS!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><U+2764>
Compared his shot-blocking ability, then backed off when Gorman bailed him out: "You're not really comparing them?"
NZ dollar outlook: kiwi range-bound ahead of RBA, US jobs - National Business Review
thank you shout out back
Do you feel that The Pitch is an accurate reflection of the advertising world?
You go by what she say to save yo marriage cause you fucked up instead of doing what's right and sticking to being a man
Eyes Japanese blowin sushi in this motherfucka
RT : Who is helping solve California's toughest problems? Tweet with #IrvineAwards in your reply.
Re-reading Alaska. sure knows his way around a metaphor. "...they needed me, just like comets need tails."
Yoooo I see U on that #TheGoodLife project!Dopeness.."When the Last Time you heard the hero dying for the Villan"!
yeah dude, too long. I've been good, graduating in a week, then moving to San Fran for grad school, you?
"Silence vibrating is Creation. Silence flowing is Love." Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
it was my birthday yesterday and I would really appreciate it if you replied <3 :)
: I was there for the talk with the "photo montage" artist. You? It was a god talk. Much to think about.
who's your source?
West Side Story opens tonight! Who is ready to MAMBO? Still don't have your tickets, go to BroadwayAcrossAmerica.com or call 410.547.SEAT
#Top100Lies I HATE TEXAS ENTOURAGE
(I do. I think having multiple languages in my Twitter stream is cool, and usually they speak English too. But I'm curious whether you do.)
Miss You Too!
We see you, too. Thanks for your support. We love our community!
John Spanjers to become CEO of Pinnacle Airlines
If I miss my flight to Belize bc of a lightbulb in the cockpit, I don't know what I will do. I am beginning to think this trip is cursed.
I figure, that's cool, Jesus had death threats all the time. I'm in good company.
Ryan Flaherty > Josh Hamilton
Great way to learn & have fun is blind tasting w/friends, say 5-8 wines. Guess variety, cntry, year etc. Did one, ouch need more education
great to have photographing our new neighborhood last night...can't wait to share more about Wilson St.!
yolo and good nite we will have the fight 2norrow
is now affiliated with our friends ! We recommend you follow them for great updates on our application.
Squirrel found alive in attic, cop arrested for arson.
At BMA conference in Chicago-learning how to unleash investment in social media with Paul Dunay, Avaya
lol I'll just have to make you some one day. :)
Is Vinny gonna get a twitter??
hahahah, yep we do! im maria btw
There's no time like the present... please follow us instead of here... that's our lively account grt info on social commerce, ux, +
#Vikings fans rally at MOA for new stadium. Jared Allen urges them to call their lawmakers. House vote on Monday.
Mary Joseph Mary ...confuses people. Cuz Rondell thinks the mother followed the son around like a church whore .
4 until I'm 22, so I don't want to hear it haha.
I don't care if you're cute, as long as you're funny
Should really get some rest have to be up by 6:30 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
So excited to Birthday Fest with my favorite peeps tonight!
RT CONTRIBUTION: a very important word to the success of any organization. Each person shud ask: what am I truly contributing
yo, u know that schefter account you retweeted is fake right?
Be sure you take the shoes off
Saw three cyclists in a row on the phone while riding. Bad idea, folks.
Pres. Obama to address the nation in a speech that is scheduled to begin at 7:31pmET.
Buy one app, get the 2nd free at Patrick J's tonight for GOkickballers! Show up after your 6:30 Whetstone games for some fuuuuuunnnnnnn.
Does anyone know a good patent attorney?
wahhhhh!!! I think they have dd in the airport :)!! That would be awesome If you did :)!!! <333
and unreasonably form-fitting
Sweet - tweet at us beforehand! Can't wait.
We are... bestfriends.. but when it comes to food, that is a complete different story.
Increased treadmill workout and more weight loss --->
USA women's soccer team earns trip to London #olympics tonight with 3 - 0 win. Congrats to Del Mar's Rachel Buehler
Yes I'm out here just like u but in Rochester new York not to far we could meet
I just need to go home
I'm really glad that I'm best friends with the biggest bitches I know, I'd hate to be the people we talk about.
Thinking about stopping to get me some food
Have you seen The Firm on NBC? Wow, Good TV!
I'm waiting for the anime reenactment.
I was in Eco 782ND msb 94-00. Everyone is on facebook. We even have several 82nd Groups.
Wtf this is the 3rd model this mth that asked me should she do porn..attention models after u do that shit u r no good 2 anyone shoot yrself
and FB'd it.
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Arbor for our show last night! Next up Framing Hanley at Newby's on the 22nd! Who's coming?
Oh look... I'm causing trouble again. Ha ha.
work work sound like me during the week
not a fan of meetings titled "deep dive" reminds me of "deep shit".. no not really, but it sounds scary ntl
Woke up with Pearl Jam's "I'm Alive" stuck in my noggin, like an announcement to the day.
I miss you Twitter :)
If you're at #NAFSA11 don't forget to visit us at booth 1810!
I am covered in bruises. What the hell happened last night?!
I've got a question: Why is the media NOT reporting the HZB rocket attacks on Israel?
dang! I was there at the wrong time! Hahah
Tenant is wondering why the heat is not working maybe cause it only had two freakin inches of fuel in the tank.GRIPEABOUTIT.COM PEOPLE
Excited for the last night of #linernotes !
Diane thinks i'm ready! If you want any of the shirts you see, let her know and I'll send some back for everyone
I found it two seconds after I asked.
Hahaha See, that's close.
I think util:collection-name() is what you want for
The Eagles just signed all 8 of this year's Playmates to the cheerleading squad.
I have my copy of Life by Keith Richards in my hot little hands! First chapters look great. My evening is booked! Keef!
Why'd you get tired after you read my tweet?
#WorstRapLineEver names mac miller. -mac miller. fyi i hate mac miller.
On our way to Stevenson, WA for Michael and Teven Collins' first court appearance--father and son accused of beating/leaving skiier for dead
Hooray, my membership card arrived just in time for #SXSW!
Indy kombucha drinkers - 2 for $5 special until May 1st - get your case full of probiotics! My fav is passion berry bliss
HerCampus Wake Forest (along with OCPD, Student Life, and Panhel) is pleased to announce INTERN QUEEN will be here JAN 31!
We appreciate the follow. Thanks!
S/o too my bestie in tha whole wide world . Imiss&loveyu
never. Apologize. For. Art.
not really something I should be advocating, but it's who I am. Fuck it. At least I aren't as bad as the other guy.
It was Sunday Sunny Sunday today. Nice to get out a bit, and to rest up a bit . . . big week coming up. Lotsa stuff ahead.
I'm on the Metro red line heading to the #dpla meeting at NARA. NEH Chairman Leach scheduled to speak.
Just climbed the mound in South Charleston with
I Just Don't Be Giving A Fuck.
u don't have a BlackBerry
My emotions have caused my typing skills to go rouge. My apologies.
Levon lives on.
There are #SOTU2012 watch parties? Damn I feel like I'm missing out now...
#jansport the best bookbag anyone new yorker can have during jhs/ms
I'd love to know more!
"We won the world cup." "Cup of what?" Awesome episode of Mad Men tonight. John Slattery directed it out of the park.
Haai Sarah, Do You Have A Kik Messenger?<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Shit, I need to step away from the computer screen for a few, my eyes are buggin!
RT I'm so excited to see all y'all again! I miss you guys
lil Wayne ad drake- she will. I have my phone on shuffle. Haha
I cry alone because its easier that way
OMFG. I AM IN LOVE WITH UR SONG
$5 BoxLunch: Our Delicious Charlie's Dream, TUNA!
all the love she wants >>>>>
Come on now! About to shout a little! Jacked for worship at Fieldstone this morning. Hope to see you there! 3385 North Franklin. 1030!
Most ball games are lost, not won. ~ Casey Stengel
RT : is playing tonight! I wonder if ever does stand-up on the side of the stage while Jimmy...
And holy crap- 12 bridesmaids! I don't have that many girl friends. That's insane.
Help bring music and the arts back into our schools. Please visit the #RealChangeProject today at www.liverealchange.com RT
I'm pretty sure you hate me now.
I am also confused.
Get to spend the day with tomorrow <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Seriously...have gotten all of my buddies and their daughters watching Korra...rediculously awesome show. Gr8 work.
Today's sermon was about grumbling. And the first song was about waiting on the Lord. I get it, I get it!
Matt Turk isn't nearly as mechanical as people make him out to be.
RT : hot spot with towers that don't work. And the tech refuse to service them.
I want to meet in new york man i live in brooklyn hes gonna be so close will def make my 21st bday everyone shout him 4 me!!
GOTTA LOVE #NIKKIFINN!!!!
I grew up on the street.... Sesame Street!
be prepared to sleep uncomfortably the first couple weeks. Body takes some getting used to.
We use , works great! RT : Does anyone use Twitter on an IPad? Do you use the Twitter app or something else?
I'm so glad I have a family who cares... Oh wait, no they don't. Fml
He has Celiac Disease. So does DH2, in addition 2 to her food allergies.
I'M HIP I'M COOL
But why is only filled with old people that has too much surgery on their face? Is because of all the prune juice they drink?
Im looking for something on ya tl and i found it there
TELL ME A #FUNFACTABOUTME! I WANT TO KNOW YOU GUYS BETTER!
Math I missed you
lolz :P I found a cd on amazon the it ships from NC and its a good price too
I did for battle of flowers :)
Gettn a tattoo at sailor jerry azz everywhere yu already know!!
Broker Class coming up Feb. 21st! Or if you need all 16 CE credits we offer them online! WWW.TUCKERSCHOOL.COM!
I performed Riverdance at the bar last night in front of my fellow employees. Good or bad thing?
Thank you all for following !
thank you from #PackerNation for all you have done. Now stay healthy for yourself and your family.
your so mean to him
#TGIF! I have a busy weekend ahead -- what is everyone else doing?!
That's what I liked hearing from people today re RL imbroglio ...
Congrats to all the finalists of the 2012 #apolloaward (RT )
I Wonder Why People Make Fake Celeb Pages On Twitter Just Be Yourself And People Will Like You........... Thank Yahh
Predict Rockies Season - Send Prediction to if you predict correctly win $200. You Have to live in CO.
Our only regret is that now we REALLY will never play on American Bandstand. RIP Dick Clark.
and a lot of us adults love the chicken sandwiches
ICA sale at Dunlap continues series of record ‘average sale price’
I wouldn't complain if you were pregnant!
“: ": #Irritated." Yeah me too soap opera hater!”>>>I still love you lol
Sometimes i really wanna sing it like HYFR
#IWishYouKnew how much of a mistake you're making
Why is this man playing on my fuckin phone......wtf!!
<3 yes. That would be perfection.
Thank you so much. I'm blushing now :) How are you today?
i will be so pissed if Robert Pattinson plays Finnick in catching fire. no.. just no
is the Battle up yet if so what's the link I'm tweaking
That's my kind of Gym!
wanna go get food? i just got out of my horrible english class
Who would have ever thought the lil chunky girl with the glasses..would blossom into such a beautiful young women <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Laying in the bed naked surprise for my bby
In fact, I have pretty much ignored Twitter for a while. But I have decided to come back to Twitter and see what is going on.
one of my FAVORITE places to visit. Ever. <U+2600><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097><f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B4>enjoy!
Looking forward to getting some great ideas on healthy meals
...With one table 08 hu (which I'm very inexperienced with) and one 27 trip draw against an 08 specialist who is competent in 27
At screening for Small, Beautifully Moving Parts. Very excited to see this!
Girls dont do nice things anymore to be nice, they do it to get back at someone else....she's my friend, glad i'm pretty...but she is too
Great day to stay in and watch the Ryder Cup and some NFL.
. doesn't really matter if they recognize the need. If they aren't interested it doesn't matter.
for Lent but may make it a long term thing. Discovered vegan chicken wraps today, surprisingly yummy!!
Winners never quit and quitters never win.
Go #nats. At space coast stadium w woot! Fun times! 's fav 6 months of the year! :)
Here's your high five, yo!
my birthday is in 3 minutes.
This checkout page is telling me I need to print a form, fill it out, sign it, scan it, and e-mail it back to them to buy something...
#thatawkwardmomentwhen your having a conversation with someone and they walk away and your left talking to yourself.
Tom - you're cracking me up.
Spice up your day w/ a Buffalo Shrimp basket, fries & cole slaw for $9.99. Press conference @ noon for you know what.
RT : Big day. Opening Day for Elmsford, NY, Little League. Coaches and organizers do a great job and are to be commended.
No, sorry, they didn't. I know, such a pain! And really annoying they didn't make any sort of announcement.
ah :/ no fun an yeaa its shitty i used to like her but she fucked up :/
you can't really see but, my icon is a picture of me and you
"6 months" commercial just got us pretty jazzed for baseball. Is this opening day or what?
I agree! Been a fan for 20 years . . . simply awesome team!! So, the streak ends; but what a streak!
#IfTwitterWereHighschool Then the Bird Flu craze would've made sense.
Sitting here praying Kelly gets these tickets big game tonight!!!
Why does Twitter look like this?
just stay home & be a good boy for once! Hah jkjk(:
The #eMusicNMS sounds like a great opportunity. Would be awesome to check it out.
True! Mostly good.
omg them dance moves r Looking fresh Justin I love it <3
what kind of name is this
So my boss likes the Sexify record, now we just have to get it on the radio. Trying to be the first Urban AC station to spin it
What's your biggest lesson learned from a mistake?
Yes ma'am!
Nokia Sues HTC, RIM, ViewSonic for Patent Infringement
Two upcoming shows! May 8th and May 14th. The location and times are on our myspace, which has a new layout if you haven't seen it already:)
So glad you enjoyed it! Hope to see you back at the Treehouse soon!
Time to get that Workout In!!! Let's Go!!
A+J+A+T = ahyeeeeeeeeeeeeee .
Wow new Mexico sucks.
Maybe so, but expecting more from mostly male demo is asking a lot. Very few care about anything but sex appeal.
Friday is my second favorite F word
I wanna go swimming!
Slip up in the shower is sum scary shit! Just the thought of me falling but ass naked! Smh
Our board member is now VP of Community & Strategic Initiatives at #Chicago #Housing Authority!
The first girl to get roofied at Ryan Braun and Aaron Rodgers new Brookfield restaurant gets a life time supply of Limelite energy drink
madson was just saying on 975 that he gets overhyped for the 9th inning, too pumped up. hasn't had enough exposure there yet.
Thanks so much! Now that I have the hang of a basic recipe, I'm looking forward to experimenting.
What happened?! I couldn't watch the game!!
just passing thru on way up north...quick up n back for Easter :)
Getting satisfaction of whatever sort from seeing children lost n "gay sex philosophy" or "violent sex GAMES" is like worshiping congress
We rackin up
That was terrible. But best to honor a silent movie on a quiet trade deadline day.
Ruud Van Nistelrooy is up there with the greatest centre forwards that i've seen since following football.absolute privilege.
I will help you!
Classes start tomorrow! First time to not have 7 o'clock class.
Going to Lucy Lippard lecture at tonight.
if I were older and had the money, I would LOVE to own Mystery Lovers - I've been obsessed w/ your store since I was a kid!
I think we gone be in for a long night... come on Lakers!!
Time's man of the year. Does time check people's background and legal problems EVER?
what's up with the green head bands?
Matt, there is a Shoney's in Caryville in La Follette just over the Jelico Mountain. Rhonda and I ate there two weeks ago.
SURF REPORT: 5/1/11 Pacific Beach 1-2 ft knee to thigh high Fair CONDITIONS WATER TEMP: 61°F
Yay the sun is out! Is everyone enjoying it?
He asked me if I've seen a road with so much dust and sand......
Back at work, 2 family members still down, but improving. Still hoping not to catch it myself. Lysol is my only hope!
Thanks Ron. Was fun to do.
I bought the 3/4pm thick book Anna Torv recommended in 1 of her interviews; Guess I've to 1st finish the 5 books/plays I'm currently reading
but in Baltimore, high schools have integrated the college model...my question: is that good?
Looking forward to it! On my wish list: "Using CPTs & Genesis to create killer portfolios."
3-5 assignments a day and plus the ones I failed, goddammit! D;
I cld go on & on abt this. Prob is women nervous at thought of being 'experts'. W/PIN, can be themselves.
just some cunt..
I hope I get rich like Adele one day cause TONS of guys have broken my heart.
So tiered
ima not gone stay of the computer an go out wit my cuzin how bout that would tha work for u since u dnt want me on here or tinychat wtf
Foolish me
Shows you how much i ever watched the Hawks.lol
Looking for a good company to print and ship your T-Shirts? Give tshirtgang.com a try. We take care of our members.
Join us Saturday in the Fedora Room for dinner, drinks and jazz at 8pm First & Hope Supper Club
NCAA Championship starts @ 6. Who do you have picked or is it a given? Stick around to see who takes the cake in our Bracket Challenge.
Good morning twitter world.
Not really. I wish you were here. I'm trying my best to keep from crying my eyes out.
I THINK so, I mean when tickets go on sale? It'll say if it's general admission or not, haha.
We had a week off for Thanksgiving, Filming the last scene on Dec 4
You gross me out
swear I'm not one for free and ones my families soo...
though I agree with his closing line regarding Tree of Life
followback! is a Awsome account related to Watch porn online!:*
it's so weird without you!
Awesome. Great city.
Officially graduated. Now it's time to apply for a refund on my college education.
hopefully this test isn't like crazy hard
lol just got done looking at LL coo j on the tyra show and counted how many times he licked his lips lol 62 times hell naw
First rest stop, over halfway there. Chi-town here we come
i didnt like it at first but then i did lol even though im single haha
lolol I know dood, I totally forgot about this whole Twitter thing.
Anyone feel the earthquake inside the Apple Stockholders meeting? All kidding aside, I'm wishing #stevejobs the best in retirement, be well
Thanks, man. I think you're referring to - aka Jesse Middleton, re: P&P software.
Lol. Is not statistically sound. ;)
Left Spfld yest & kept going until I was out of IL. Taking care of myself so I can be more effective for the ppl. Making it a good wknd.
Indiana & DST: I preferred living sensibly (not changing clocks) & enduring ridicule ... remind me again why we're on NY time & not Chicago?
I know you're coming for the people like me But we all got wood and nails And we turn out hate in factories
That fast I got #pissed of what the fuck
Just visited shilp mela in Bhopal , there were really great art work.
Haha 439 people voted for the Republican running against Walker. My man Barrett has a nice lead in the Dems right now.
I don't think watchin Rosewood at work is a good idea.. I feel like lining em up and goin down the line slappin em all. Ijs
Guys can have BROmances, girls can have "WOMances."
I swear I never liked College sports until I actually went to school
RT : You will know them by their fruits. Do we gather grapes from thorns or figs from thistles? Matthew 7:16
You ever want something really bad, then you get him, I mean "it", and you regret it because you know it's bad for you? Yeah, me neither.
Being right half the time beats being half-right all the time.
does anyone remember Bill nye the science guy. omfg
Just took the brave in and out of break!
Jarrett a little too high and made contact with the wall, yellow.
If you're not listening to 's Christmas album, you are MISSING OUT. It's the soundtrack to my season this year!
Coldplay did an amazing job tonight on #idol :)
I nvr been the lazy type
When ppl self select, they may stick to like ppl. which tends to keep cultures homogenous and unchanging.
today is going to be a good day.
i always had a hard time opening up CapriSun juice boxes
Wanna talk to someone new. Any takers?
“: Had my last day of junior year today! #PTL”
ohh I will...so really when am I coming over?
stopped by Bayamon today beach tomorrow, La Isla never disappoints always amazed by contrast of mountains and oceans
my dogs give me the most judgmental look when I blow my nose. fern actually barks at me... like I can help it.
In there like swimwear re: last tweet...should be a good night of music for the DMV
Make Joseph Kony famous, bring him to justice. #Kony2012 , april 20th- cover the night, retweet & spread the word.
Last Tuesday harmony class...... I hope we survive
WANNA GO ON A BIKE RIDE!? Hey go listen to our music on Purevolume. www.purevolume.com/swingthecoast
gonna play some poker with some friends. work at 8 AM.
AW then def vibe out. love is god!
I'm tryna let go of my past.
At "Michael K from DListed" I gasped, clutched my invisible pearls and almost wrecked my car.
Download our EP for free at www.historyrepeats.bandcamp.com and like us at www.facebook.com/historyrepeats
's voice is one of the most amazing things ever. my favourite :)
Bo : Spring has stalled: 10 out of the past 11 days have had below normal temperatures. 4 out of the past 7 days have had rain
If I wasn't going to Hot Snakes, I'd be here RT Tin Can Ale House tonight! Rafter / Tourism / Matt Curreri 9pm start time, $5
Should I even keep watching this game???
Texting is so f*cking boring now. Everything is "hey......Wyd.....oh ok......Yup"...
it suits you
Hi, Vincent Exorcast here... You know, girls do go crazy for NKOTB... So it is kind of a complement...
Its has been a long time since I tweeted omg
Welcome to 2012, CarGo!!
Does the MTA realize trains are supposed to run? They're not just decoration, assholes.
Lenders cautiously shop for retail space. Debt institutions are softening their approach toward retail. Submit your project today!
why you think i asked you if Rashad played Friday????
#hehehehehehehehehehehe I just had panda express their orange chicken rocks<U+E057>
don't worry. I am wearing a Disney t-shirt so everyone knows i am an american. Totally safe.
balderdash. I don't believe you. I also really like the word "balderdash"
Senior is on the top prospect list for todays Supplemental draft
The more often you practice shooting the better prepared you'll be to catch those good ones. Shoot 2 people interacting. Share it w/ them.
Finna k.o. had a good ass day earlier. Goin for 2 ina row.
ha! I have the Nathan's cookbook, but that looks AWESOME.
i still don't think chucks + jeans are cool
Sweet! If you find out let me know plz!
nm ha why did u tweet all of us?
Its the second week of school... time to slack off
strawberries.yep.
What did the dryer give up for 40 days? Lint.
Well atleast twice ah week would put a nigga in the ball game!
A swim breathing technique: As you put your face in the water,release some air through your nose to keep the water from entering your nose.
To many internet gangsters..let me stop talkin shit b4 my page get shot up...
The end of Dark Waters is done, until the part with the mom and daughter in the elevator. That was cute.
My tl consist of girls posting about what they want in boys...... it's like reading their minds, only on twitter :o
another question.. WineStyles... Is it just a store? I bought a coupon for that also. Or can I go in & just buy bottles?
no problem .
I'd love a museum to roll out that particular QR .....
made a chocolate haupia pie for my mom!!
Fan Girling is what i do! #BoyzAreBack (: Gonna Fan Girl all night
is my New Favorite Follower! #ShowMeTheMoney lol
Just wrapped an interview with a producer who got a call from Metallica in the middle of it. She stayed on the line with me, though.
Who are the professional members of the courtroom workgroup?
i posted the video on here? Oh hahhahahahha
My son and I are currently engaged in a heated debate over which album is the best. He's arguing strenuously for "Wilco (The Album)."
I'm so sorry, I love you soo much ignore my last tweets<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098>
Guess we better keep him then...
lmao its aight. I'll need my space once in a while lmao
Eric Herman Cain Has said "That's it" but the Media also Fox news don't stop at that All you need it to Talk about
Just paid for parking with three bucks and a two dollar winning lottery ticket.
we love those movies. Definitely different than other ones but I am good w different :)
Sweet, the gmusic app on the iPad is quite good. Too bad google doesnt have an official one, but still a good app.
why does #uptowngirls explains life every time I watch it
haha. I met one of your friends that went to fc and I asked him if he knew you and he did. then he suggested we call you! lol
hey whats going on
okay:) and good thing I told you so you didn't die!
------->“: Here we go again. Stop settling for jumpers and get in the paint!! #Grizzlies”
Men, don’t forget that shoes are part of the total image package. Shoes need to coordinate well with the color of the suit.
M good thing i'm a completely innocent person will no ill intentions. YOU ARE IN LUCK! xD
Yes we plan on being there our parent org Greater Seattle Church Council is a sponsor.
LOL. good one.
So to recap,you can't count on anyone but yourself.Shitty but the realization makes life easier.
you are so incredibly talented!!! You would make me so happy if you followed me! Thanks :)
You guys are the best <3
|#quotes Spend a lot of time talking to customers face to face. You'd be amazed how many companies don't listen to their customers.
O, I sincerely hope it holds together long enough to give me a good show here in Littleton!! I f'ing love boomahs!
Should have never said yes
last show of the year! Where the hell is the Deca Yeah!? Merry Christmas Rome!
Missing him already(: I love how he comes over and we hang for hours and he never pressures me into anything!(:
Because I'm at my FL condo, not my home in Chicago.
lol thanks I just got it from the top of my head woot woot
I went to Browbiz in Greece today
Another journey commencing in the struggle to end the health & human rights crisis that is #MTR Congress must be confronted w/ the facts
HAPPY FRIGGIN BIRTHDAY CAMERON!!!
See his face whenever i , i look at you ..
Let's have a drink when you get back from Austin and catch up.
Good morning, Jake!
Never put both feet in your mouth at the same time, because then you don't have a leg to stand on
i know u r very busy now but can i follow me plz....i love u <3 <3
AND I'M OUT THIS MF!
Elder Goose ; Dance Gavin Dance<3.
Year of the cougar
ZOOLAPALOOZA: A Book of Homographs, written and illustrated by Gene Barretta, came in the mail yesterday from and it looks great!
That was the biggest bite of cake that I've ever seen.
i wasted three years of my life with you..we break up for a year start talking again and your still doing the same shit
That's where I'm always going wrong. I stick with flats.
I finally got around to watching the Bully screener today and I'll probably make my children watch it in a few more years...
Everything - Colton Dixon
Guilty RT : Were you in a boy band? and i are arguing as to whether or not you were haha
The Dead Sea Scrolls were first discovered in Israel. That's 7,000+ miles from where our exhibition will be held starting this July!
obviously lolol. When are you coming to ny:-) ?
nothing I'm str8... I don't air dirty laundry ya know!
please come back on twitter...we miss your sweet, and funny tweets.....i'm lost without you :(
Joining in support of #highered at Laney college! Join us!
headed to the range
#therealdeal James Neil!!!!
Today's Quote: "I love my mother as the trees love water and sunshine - she helps me grow, prosper, and reach great heights." - Terri Guille
you should follow me cause yolo
Always trying to keep up with the times, first it was the "Twilight" series, now it's "The Hunger Games..." Speaking of hunger...
Ok, I just spammed my FB peeps AGAIN lol to follow I just dont get why more people dont love y'all like us #Wellers do!! <3
Had some difficulty uploading video, had to make a new one, Go to youtube and search Karissa Lynn Kings of Leon cover.
If I remove you from all my social networks. You really hurt me .
Thanx homie! Props 4 the Ivan Drago, Classic! Yea that was me on the blends/presentation &Presyce on the cuts, stil Bangin!
Sayings about adversity building character. Fuck that, I wanna be rich...NOW.
Does anyone else love how #Siri calls Samuel L. Jackson "Sam?" in that commercial? B/c I'm pretty sure he's always called Samuel L. Jackson.
Thank you to and #SMPS Marketer for including my quote and #webdesign work in the mag's great article on CMS Platforms
#OkUPrettyBut My girls and I have brains, beauty, and business sense. Triple threats! Lol
News of the bombardment of Fort Sumter arrived at the telegraph office at Camden Station on April 12,1861.
Guy on the radio said he's from chicago Illinois and a Cardinals fan. He must not have lived there long enough to know the s is silent.
Had a Phone Convo with my bro==> Changed my whole Mood! last night..Real Real good dude! #Salutes #Tfc #McM ..Stay tuned!
it's a good thing I at least caught it on Ustream. Nothing beats meeting everyone face to face tho...
I'd like to see her throw a vase full of flowers in Johnny Z's face.
I'm gonna finish the song up after school!... It will be done b4 6:30 7:00 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
ok. you might be sleeping, though. i'm sure, you'll be exhausted.
thanks Jet! Lol
RT : Q: Did yr constituents ask you about HIV/AIDS? A: : ONE showed up at every event I was at.
Hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving! Who's out for #blackfriday??
I can honestly say even if we might get mad @ eachother everyonce in awhile yall hav nvr let me down
"College is like a boner, you get all stiffed up and about to explode."
March Calendar w/ NBC Law & Order CI, L&O SVU, FX LIGHTS OUT & THE PUBLIC THEATRE Casting workshops at BTS. Limited seating on many of them.
Gunna try sleep.... I'll probably be back lol.
I always find these slick task management tools but then get too busy to use them. Let's see if #actionmethod sticks.
tired of it lol
damn thats how u feel bro?
Deep-fried butter. I found the stand too late at the media party, but heard it was good!
Loving what the are doing within the world of #hiphop... Expanding the brand! Keep up the outstanding work! 1
ALA's only program proposal process is for the Grassroots Program, which opens in Jan & closes around the end of Feb.
“: I wanna throw a party with fake alcohol and see how many people act wasted.”x
yeah... I think we might have the same one.
I know! Ugh.
Thank you for letting me know. I think you are right. I got a weird message 2 reply 2 & others. Just changed my PW. Cheers!
Good morning AM Tweeps. We are getting this Tuesday started ! 5-7am Let's rock !
What I don't get: "Moneyball" approach avoids giving up outs, so "aggressive" (and often foolish) baserunning isn't part of the vocabulary.
fix your xbox 360 servers !
RT : The very act of serving someone else broadens perspective & enlarges our capacity to feel gratitude & happiness.
Packer Nation welcomes you to Twitter. I'm sure you will be cooler than ochocinco on dwts, lol.
My email address has changed since I bought Espresso 1. How do I get the Espresso 2 license sent to my new email?
Stole a pillow from the hotel! I love them! =)
I need somebody to come n save me!
: No, I'm still working on "How to Kiss Ass and Never Accomplish Anything." Why? Is it any good?
"If you do what you always did you will get what you always got." BOGO at #weightwatchers til 4/21 ;)
I think it's physically impossible to leave Target without spending at least $50. So much for
NBA and the Cleveland Cavaliers have a "major announcement" scheduled for 10am tomorrow. Move to Columbus in the future?
RT Sunburnt feet are so awkward. << Showers are the WORST with sunburnt feet.
Looking forward to LA weather. NYC and Boston weather? Not so much. Can't deal with the cold #dhat shyt cray
"How a Bill Becomes a Law" on 3/4" tape from WI Pub TV in the American Archive Inventory... "I'm just a bill <U+266B>"
Met my deadline...so my 2 day love affair w/ final cut (that sounds so dirty) is over. Folks liked the vid. Now BK bound.
Oh heyyyyyyfuck you! Ha I know
Couldn't make it to way out yonder to Matteo's party but I did wish him a happy happy happy birthday
Hospitals scare me <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Getting ready to shoot bridal editorial for a magazine at the Four Seasons Hotel! So excited!!
And then refuses to get another bus in to fix it, so everyone is waiting, hoping they can get on a 4pm bus that could be full.
Charlie and the Ostich Factory
O My mom just rejected my call though!!!!!!!!
$$Madoff news will cause panic. Hopefully short term. Put your money with someone trustworthy. Anyone? Anyone? Bueller?
Congrats Mike on "The New Art of Conference Networking: #Hashtags to Homies" getting chosen 4 the #WDS sessions! Exciting!
Funny Insult: Do you ever wonder what life would be like if you'd had enough oxygen at birth?
": What is the most awkward thing to be caught wearing in a tornado? Or other emergency?"...Michael Bolton underoos.
lmao!!! yes n show em around town... :D
Thats funny because your tweet earlier today made it seem like you did care..ha.
Bring in 2 cans to donate & Receive $5 off your Organic Sunless Tan w/ Organic Glow!! Call 512-327-2507 to schedule you're appointment...
Thanks! I'm playing again today from 7 - 11 PM
Isn't it just a GREAT day to have my hair straight!? -___-
How do I get your very pushy sales people to stop calling me? They don't take 'no' for an answer, and it's aggravating us.
: what was your favorite movie of 2012?
Thanks for the RT!
The Horned Frogs hit a 3 to narrow the #Aztecs lead to 2.
#imagine Austin:When you smile my heart stops You:awww i love you Austin. Austin:i love you to -anna
the guy in drinking with just told me to go there to at the same time you tweeted me
Agreed. Tension is my main source of creativity. When I'm relaxed, I sleep.
Thanks ZenYinger! Have a great weekend :)
So typical OU
Businesses run everyday and you should maintain your professional image even during hot summer months.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
So I've broadened the fitness concept to make it one of moderation and balance.
honestly I'm really going to miss crowne heights
i'm not even done cleaning my room I guess it's time to do homework!
Anything unattempted remains impossible. -Anonymous
idk what to say then
It's Easter you look your going to the club and not church....
Fresh and easy is the best for #healthy eating
That was fun!
You serious?
You are only in love an average of 4 times in your entire life. Most people regret giving up number 1, 2, and/or 3.
Just chillin' here with the best friend.
'I'll try my best to love you through the best and the worst. <U+E022> I'll love you as long as I live' #OhHowILoveYouBaby. #ThatWasSoCute <3
Just got the best compliment yet... A customer started crying so loved the doors we made for her so much!!!!
twitter fun
-- I agree with you....there is no one better than Jimmy!
Finna dip this blunt in some tequila, bake, light, and work.
thanks amanda
Inspiration and motivation sometimes come from the simplest things in life. Wake up and pay attention. Don't let anyone take your joy.
Just 15 mins left in our deal! $125 in services for just $50! www.GrouponBoston.com.
CGRN will have a free plant giveaway for mbrs 31 March. Get your membership & get on board. Good stuff. Thanks for the info.
Thanks for the support. I guess I should quit whining, at least its a step in the right direction. :-)
Attending North America Infrastructure Conference in DC co-sponsored by CG/LA Infrastructure and PPI-just heard Tom Friedman.
#kids Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk & Children's Fun Run: Mars Band on the Run 5K Run/Walk & Children's Fun Run from Saturday, May 19,...
Trying times are not the times to stop trying.
Damn Layla with a sick looking facebuster
Correct Ms. Kenzie
that is so true school needs to be over already n summer needs to hurry up
a little over 900 #amwriting words for the night. Got a blog post knocking on the back of my brain to let out. Have a good one, kids!
#top10Lies I'm interested in what you're saying.
this bollywood send-up is embarrassing the pants off of me. Wow.
It's gameday - Go #Patriots!
Twitter is boring right now. :(
What do you mean?
i made this account to support you! please follow me! im a big fan! <3 91
My coworker just found out her daughter is going to the Olympics!
Great minds - but no RT : Have not seen the spectacle yet, any chance lady gaga makes sense Eggland's Best now?!
what about a daug
Cardinal Dolan Blasts Obama’s HHS Mandate: “This Battle Is Bigger Than Contraception”
This math teacher is the biggest fucking idiot on the planet.
We have a brand new app coming out next week. It will prob knock your socks off so buy new socks this weekend just in case. ;-)
where u live? And what store?
I'll die before I buy my significant other a fucking Lexus for Christmas, I hate these commercials. It's December
your dad says he's gonna find me a rich Greek hahah I can't wait for the food
let me try that again, doh! Speaking of not budging, I have an ex who is like a boulder...all else pales in comparison ;)
Hiking Tips From The Experts
soul food...live blues...dirty martinis
Okay. I admit it. I have TOO much stuff. #wheretostart #timetopack Dominican in 5 days
crap-driver said his has troubles on hills
Police trap in Thompson and prince st.
you got a spotify account? Hard to keep track of all these awesome jams.
"Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant." - Robert Louis Stevenson
Kinda weird that I tweeted about music last night and Dick Clark passes away today
Bout to check out Herbie Hancock backstage
20% off your order, all Spring Break when you mention this tweet
I dont feel like flirting with this nigguh :P can't he see I like someone else!?
omg rotflmao! watching family fued. the question was where would a nudest keep their keys? And this guy actually said up their butt. Wowhaha
yea why whats up?
“: Khloe & Lamar Season 2 Premiere part 2 starts now East coast on E!” Can't wait to waste my fucking time on that!
All the guys want to chew up my bubblegum apparently.
Opened up last night after completing their intense remodeling. IU Bars is back up and running.
Student: my teachers expect me to turn in homework online. But I can't afford a computer. It's hard to get to the library.
Cole Hamels blows.
. DropBox is probably easiest, but CD/DVD, external devices are fine too (we promise to give them back).
I need to focus...today will be yet another distraction.
I miss you.
Fabulous Design Tip: Create a spark of energy in a room by using the color red.
Saw #ThinkLikeAMan again today and it was just as good the second time around as the first time!
Coffee Cup, Waking Me Up
There probably are; they just can't get heard through all the noise of mediocrity.
PickUpLine: I'm not an expert in hardware, but I know that you'd be able to screw my nuts off.
“: Water off a ducks back... when it comes to #anything negative how do u manage to stay positive all the time?”U C THE DRAFT?
thank u :) his nickname is "cam-deezy," in your honor lol
WARNING!!!!! If u got a msg from me saying anything about rumors and asking u to open a link delete it! I DID NOT SEND ANYONE THIS MESSAGE!
RT : The future is bright! <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+009F> The future of OU Running Backs
Ta Dow- how you like me now?
You're the best. Truly. I might giggle or repeat every tweet of yours to anyone in ear shot.
Love my job
People who put <3's after everything !!! -_-
Household censor markings and "Contraband Excised" rubber stamp can be introduced early to avoid the expectation of money.
Trampled By Turtles plays 1st Ave once a week.
Just like Paleo, there's a right way and a wrong way to do it
“: Big weekend 4the boys , #sweep #thatsitthatsall” congrats to the Terriers!
In case it's before opening, we have grower Champagnes by the glass.
please fuck me
Cool! Did you get to hear him when he was in Chicago a few weeks ago?
exactly!I think the problem is we get asked to play Milwaukee shows, but have to go out of our way to play out of town shows.
Husband is making me kale "chips" because I insisted going to Jack in The Box for some curly fry action..well see..
Hehe thanks :) RT ": you have so many followers! so famous!"
Finally arrived in DC!
because the CHL plays the NHL style. Leaving Europe to play in the CHL can only benefit the European player, no?
“It’s not whether you get knocked down; it’s whether you get up.”
If Tarzan had chestnuts I don't think he would have beaten his chest like the apes did!
Still trying to figure out how the fuck I got a 90 on my AP gov final
i want to get a phone call from so much <3
Nevah! I'm much more dashing and exciting than that!
Steak, potatoes, jello shots, two big TVs in the living room and sports on all day
that would be nice. #ready and why am I still awake with my 4am departure?
That is part of my job description, experimentation with food pairings. you must try it sometime.
I knew you'd catch that one!
Patriots nation thanks you, Jake! ": Good Luck ! I'm pulling for ya! Good thing its not a dance competition!"
Twitter is fun!
hate btches that try n be smart
Even when sitting still muscle burns more energy than fat. So weight training is an essential part of a healthy weight maintenace program.
Ready to head back home
Girls would you ever do a hair removal treatment thing so you'll be hairless for the rest of life?.
How about "Concur!" With exclamation point. And implied gesture of cockily crossing arms across chest.
yea.. no kidding! Hahaha!! I'm loving this!! 8D
Just dropped my dog off at the kennel on sauvie island since I leave early am sat. She likes it there, kind of like doggy summer camp. :-)
these things happen to doctors, firemen, secretaries, etc. It's a trait... not a description of the career. (:
did I really just get diamond earings from for christmas?
Man if he aint telling you, u R drop dead gorgeous.. Have a good day
That's alright, they'll be squatting and doing handstand drills before they detect the bait-and-switch.
RT« When in a relationship, don’t try to make a #Pisces jealous, you won’t incite them, you will only disappoint them.»
nope he is at my parents with bear( his brother) we have to do a bunch of crap at the airport before we get the pups
Happy to follow!
Single women in Philadelphia have been and will continue to piss me the fuck off.
Everyone loves boobs, even gay guys. They aren't called fun bags for nothing.
Excellence in Cookbooks (2012 KPP Awards) | Hawaii Book Blog
I'd say you're a pretty big deal :)
just announced reps here from 48 states, inc. Alaska & Hawaii & Canada, England, Sweden, Israel, India.
I kinda miss someone who used to be a very big part of my life... oh well... ig
loving the site redesign!
is smiling today
To our new #followers thank you, we will
Chernobyl diaries is already scaring me. :(
aight sounds goods let's work asap... peace
RT : last day to enter my contest on the blog!! #squEZtastic auroraboriealice.blogspot.com do it cuz you love me!!!!!
check out Fort George Brewery (Astoria) Vortex IPA. Puts both Laurelwood and Hub to shame.
What R U doing for #SuperTuesday? Watch returns with March 6.
Best date ever! Me, a tub of ice cream, shots of JD and ceder insense! Party begins NOW!
Just got back up and finally headaches gone!
Just got back from working out (: I feel great, but I'm STARVING!
you're welcome (: x
CNN is reporting that Dick Cheney got a heart implanted.
Glad you asked We are hoping to do the recipe design class several times a year with diff. guest commercial brewers each time.
It makes my dog howl.
you should come to Chicago again ;-) us Illinois mahomies miss you<3
The last day I have to wake up early :3
The Womb Sauna has updated their phone #. Reach us at 1-888-576-WOMB! Bless Up! Peace!
We are open from 12 to 9 today and New years day!!
If you upload to Rocket21 then it will stay in your Profile...then everyone on R21 could check it out. We love it!
Looks like today is going to be a beautiful day!
":I hate that I miss you. I hate that you forgot about me. I hate that you don't want me. I hate that I still care about you."
Love your posts! -often overlooked: almost everything we know about connectivity between neurons is inferred from macaque brains.
i'm sorry no thanks
Glass Candy tickets are now available at both locations! Only $11, cash only. These are limited folks, get 'em and get 'em soon!
Note to self: Live life to the fullest. No excuses.
If you need a personal trainer in LA, I'm your man! Would love to work with you.
For some freelance writers, it is somewhat easy for them to write articles especially if they have been doing this for a long period of time
&#39;Anti-alcoholism&#39; drug cleared for use in France
Getting pumped for the Idea Series tonight on #restaurants and #design. Crankin' it with !
Just got done at the court club!! Haha with my step brother hunter!
Dave has lived under a bridge for 4 years in a tent in an Oakland harbor-he lives in tent w/3 cats-its hard to make your way back-he wants 2
I love our followers so much <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Peforms & hosts w/ & on Fri the Main Stage @ W Plaza @ the Miami Marlins game, 5-7PM
I miss you too love <3
it's supposed to be ~7 hours according to mapquest. Closer to 10 each way
RT : Good Stuff! Enjoy the rest of the weekend :)
Lord Ross? Ps: work your magic. Bob Ryan campaign shirts for all of us. Ill take medium
Ew it smells like a furniture store.
: Choir girls are so annoying
Social Media MGR Jax FL w/ Brand exp, sophisticated skills. Interested? Resume-SM Portfolio showing success pls RT
Do not ask what the next person is doing for YOU, ask what YOU are doing for the next person. Chuuch!
Happy Valentine's Day to all our guests and followers!
Oh nice! Really, we are just at the whim of whatever Pandora decides to bring us next...HA!
it didn't hurt. Cause the lakers got blowd the fuck out!
Melo needs to sit for a few minutes, get his head into the fact that we need him to take high % shots. For now, we want
and Down By The Seaside is their most underrated tune!
The meeting of two personalities is like the contact of two chemical substances, if there is any reaction both are transformed. -C.G. Jung
from my sisters friend who got their windshield cracked by a "drunk freshman" hahaha
Funny how you think this drama affects me haha u dont see me sittin in a corner cryin no im the mature one bein me and movin on
Can't sleep somebody hmu!!!
Life suck ass!!!!!
love this!!
I concur
After 90% strike vote, federal mediators set up additional bargaining date for SoCal 8/29
IceNineKills @ Lips Lounge May 14th!!! Hit up for tickets!!!
That's what you said last time too.
This Iphone is so difficult but I love it
When two illiterate people scream at eachother it's probably the funniest thing ever.
It's not up at Netgalley anymore. I waited too long and now I want to read it. My bad. I guess the were-spiders will wait?
And it's amazing!
sorry to get back to you so late bro dope track fam real talk let me know when you need a singer
#thatawkwardmomentwhen My grid is beating my dad's in #marchmadness, but my mom is in first place in the whole competition
I'm so feeling you ma!!!
Tensai could be a winner tonight, but there's also ADR, Miz and Jericho to think about.
“: My sister is gonna live off my dad for the rest of her lifee lmaoooo” oh I'm tellin
A real leader faces the music, even when he doesn't like the tune.
Don't Miss - Jenny Lind: My Life as a Fairy Tale March 14 at 11:00am at Castle Clinton.
Signed up to walk in Walking for Joyce Ericson & Treva Hicks! WHO ARE YOU walking for? www.1065.com
Maydays tour dates making me want to commit
Cheerios for dinner & revision time in the beanbag tonight. It's going to be a schnazzy evening!
“ “ You are what you eat? Well that's awkward because you're a dick.””
aaawww i hope you feel better!!<3
Today's tours include 2 foodie walking tours, a Gay LA history lesson and the the celebrity scandal tour that has EVERYONE squawking.
we do a food and wine show and a home and garden show in Houston. Would you like some information?
Tune in to us now if you don't want overkill on the Casey jury selection. is proud of her station for not "losing it"..yet
They make my panties wet.
We'll be opening today at 1pm. We're getting some items ready for a big catering event tonight.
: Algorithms that govern editing of numbered and bulleted lists need improvement. Many anomalies occur during editing.
Highlight of my day: my boyfriend yelling GET SOME! at the brady bunch movie with Marsha kisses Charlie.
I hate when I dont know hpw another person feels..
baby all I do is bite into Popsicles. Sucking on them is for teh gayz
I guess that's why we couldn't stand eachother when we first got pregnant...
Nap countdown begins NOW
This time one week ago the #BBN was in the process of sending them cardinals home on the way to a national championship!!
Why does Sara run the water in the bathroom and she's not in the shower?
but 4 years ago, I used the same brand of hair and went swimming and things were fine. I'm convince the quality is falling
Just followed x because theirs beats on 's #Neptune are Dope. That is all.
. Cannot avoid constraint. Interesting question is whether our reductions, our distortions (our data models) are interesting
Chilling watching this lame ass movie
Boyfriend on the radio! :D <3333
Pretty sure I can beat Nick Johnson in a foot race w/ a cigarette hanging out my mouth.
Phone tag kind of day??
It's useful, bad in some good ways, e.g., for revealing contradictory views of gamespaces.
Yeah, great, they also hit .302/.362/.469 off of him.
seriously you're amazing & dedicated fan. I'm a fan of the Boyz & you. If you ever meed someone to talk to im here (:
I am glad the IC's feelings cannot be hurt! They're very pretty wall hangings but I've done batik myself, so u gotta trust me!
take it. RT “: WRONG GUY TO SEND THIS TO - just got a spam email saying I've been left a huge $$$ gift from "Martin Van Buren"”
Wondering about dreamy and his oddly silly cut-off shorts. :)
STL and MIL advance to the NLCS. TEX and DET advance to the ALCS. The ALCS starts tomorrow at 8pm EST.
Oh man. Tonight's Top Gear <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C> So funny
My dad could give us a historical lesson down the shore *facepalm*
What's good peeps. RGN is looking for some GFX if intrested msg back
Thanks! Thanks for celebrating!!!
photoshoot in the a.m.!!! bright n early!!! 7 am i will see you soon!...hittin the sheets early tonight!
Fuck! Baby jesus! Xenu! Princess Di! One fucking hour. One hour where I'm not in total writhing agony. Then we'll go from there, deal?
Nice list of reports offered in JISC usage statistics portal..wd like to see what "compare deals" looks like
I thought you ate ketchup with everything haha
hey jillian!!! i missed u
Only fuck with my niggas.. I pray we are living so lavish..
I'm replacing the soothing sounds of waterfalls on my radio with a replay of the Texas race
me siguen?? :D
did ya'll catch them sniping about Palin's absence? tee hee
#she ratchet
Just setting up on twiiter, follow us if interests are vinyl 1900's-present. Hugh mp3 collection available, doo-wop, Blues, etc
alright man, what ever floats your boat. Lol!
Thank you! I appreciate your trust.
Tip #144: Stop, drop, and think. Take 10+ seconds online by keeping your hands off the mouse/keyboard. Live...take 30+ seconds.
welcome to twitter! you're the coolest cat in Hollywood brotha, keep up the good work
I play a bit of guitar... but mainly produce other artists. What part of Florida do your friends live in?
i hate west coast so much sigh
We're off and running with today's #SocialWebinar....join in the conversation!
8o RT will our planted mole come through tonight?
even though I hated the flyers growing up I always thought the world of Hextall. Such a bad ass. I feel for you guys w/ bryz
- A day will come when people say: put $ 4 EDU but where's the WOW? Time's running out. we can help you.
Will Phil see his shadow in 2 days??
r y'all goin to the warp tour
I think the whole #belieber family would R.I.P.
gota find Some more gigs, some new connects. My last two shows have been cancelled. People are gunna stop commin out if it don't go down!
If anyone has any pictures from Rock N Rods we want to see them!
Working overnight tonight..might have to make a late night trip to Krogers...they always have the weirdest ppl in there at night lol
We love to make people #smile, makes us feel #good. :D
Dancing around to instead of doing my science homework <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C> just got a bit carried away <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
boo ya!
thanks man!
Burns sf adds a run for the 10th of the game for FIU.
please follow me? It would mean the world!
no more Judith?
Oh man, I crack myself up.
I want you to know that i love the third word in this sentence. ;)
Whats good tonight on Twitter
And Julie just said that because Suzzy called her out XD
you better go to sleep, oh wait you can stay up all nite cuz tomorrow u ain't doin shit
Landmark #sandiego bay cleanup order not quite done; regulators go into closed session to hash it out. plan to resume at 2pm
Almost an hour later and I still haven't peed <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00BD>
you're welcome :)
I'm seriously considering it. Which is totally bizarre for me.
I think the distinction between interveillance and surveillance is a key distinction and its great that you brought it
Damn hiphop weekly mag really??? Tyga what happened?? U ran up on some real G'S from Nebraska and get ya lil tour bus shot up??? How square!
Lol, well I feel special.
been drinkin a little bit
Going on at 11 with Sonidero (aka y yo) at Greenroom in Flagstaff,
Today's lesson: Can't dance to iTunes music with iPhone in hand. I shake, it shuffles.
I was off for a few days. Back now!
Can't wait!
4 Freshmen & 5 Trombones was killer last nite. Everybody was knocked out.
I'll email it to you. Friedel liked him!“:Sis,what is the name of the Agent that showed property to you in ATL?”
I really Don't Want to Let Go but if it Comes to That I Guess I Will Have To.
Austin's smile <U+2714> Austin's voice <U+2714> Austin's hair <U+2714> Austin's personality <U+2714> Austin's eyes <U+2714> Austin's lips <U+2714> Austin's everything <U+2714> He's flawless
How often do you get to see Harry and the boys? :) xx
awesome I like how all the episodes r different with all the different podcast u go one. It's hilarious what u say sometimes
Are you approved? :)
Really have the urge to play basketball!
Dangerous road conditions out there this morning -- Be careful #Indy!
We always wondered why she was asleep on the couch when we came home that afternoon. Hangover! HaHa!
Yay! That always feels so good.
Just got off the phone with Movember HQ! Big things coming this year for Baltimore's Movember chapter!
This weekend hd a powerful conversation with my Bio sister Stephania Shine, the Holy Spirit spoke 2 words thru her "MOVE FORWARD "#it'son!
Brewers can they score some runs now?
Revis Island: Where WR fantasy stats go to die :)
DONNA LYNNE -TONIGHT- ARIZONA CHARLIE'S - DECATUR BLVD, LAS VEGAS, NV -9:00 pm to 2:30 am Stop in if you get a chance!
1 of the prostitutes that hang out at central and ash just got busted. So sad.
If you want my future, forget my past <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
We agree Mobile has a higher open rate than email and direct mail!
Except when you steal it, you good for nothing thief.
Can't get enough of slow jamming the news. you scored big time. Be proud.
I'm be angry birds weeepppaaaa wbu ?
follow back?x
If u see this follow me that means im following you
I consult people on how to talk to media assholes like me. Rule#1-Don't try to be funny. Rule#2-We don't like you. We love only ourselves
with nothing but my shirt on? Good thing its warm in my house!
Was hoping for the Falcons over the Giants. Definitely, Steelers over the Broncos.
Thx! It is getting brighter out! Might have to at outta bed for an hr.. Lol : Sending sunny wishes your way
This game ain't over yet
At #netimpact? Come watch our panel tomorrow, Saturday! "Revolutionizing the Way People Volunteer" -- R0420 at 12:30pm with
Brooklyn here and we got love for you always XOXO
I can relate to #TeenWolf cuz plays a werewolf who is very vicious & I'm a dog who TRIES to act vicious lol...RT or follow???
What is clientology? Check out latest blog entry to find out
what's up maestro...how the goodlife treating ya bro...: )
Got some good website tweakage in today. Things are really starting to shape up!
Work like you don't need the money, love like your heart has never been broken, and dance like no one is watching.
I wish I was one of the 649 lucky people you follow. it would honestly make me so happy. make it happen? :D
u should run w rue la la
New Twitter account will originate Echo Beach Band tweets, starting now. This account stays as my personal Twitter.
meanwhile, harvard put up a strong 23 points in the first half against vanderbilt
That's why I asked what you were doing... BUT YOU WERE BUSY!
I'm bout to text all the girls that I think are pregnant right now and dont know it!! "Happy Mothers Day"
sooner than soon
That's because you sent that Friday feeling over to me.
Who is Hopkins#4. love that kid.
on the computer
- R U just annoyed at media 4 covering Lindsey all the time? Did NBC have Julia on pre-olympic promos? U R '06 gold
Depends on the minute. Sanchez, Schottenheimer, receivers, etc. But as a fan-the parts just aren't holding together too well.
oh yes. You are so right on that.
if Donnie Mack says it, it's official
Then buck up and write a check. It strikes me as hypocritical that you want me to write a check without investing yourself
Totally disappointed with during this week's stay in Los Angeles. Never ever again.
Great minds think alike. #SoftballSwag <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><U+26BE>
Feeling sorry for our dog today. She loves running around in the back yard, but hates going out in the rain...she's a little stir crazy.
When auditioning, what skills/qualities will make a difference, will make the actor stand out, will make you fall for him?
by applauding the ones who listen we make a point to those who don't.Complaining about your rep listening is dumb
winter is coming
The filibuster has blocked most legislation proposed by Obama since Senator Brown took office.
I have a rip (legit, MY copy) of My Neighbor Totoro on the BlackBerry for my kiddo. Troma/Fox dub. Prefer it to Disney's. <U+3068><U+306A><U+308A><U+306E><U+30C8><U+30C8><U+30ED>
Can anyone give me feedback as to how well the BMW X5 4.4 does on gas??
Durant just almost knocked out harden haha
#Nuggets win over #Thunder 106-101
#Android users got it last week, now it's #iPhone users time! The new update is here to make your #Bartab experience even better! DL it now!
But I have now also been a host-mom for one year and I hope I did a good job ;-) I can tell ya, it's sometimes harder than...
make-up, weave, fake nails, eye lashes, booty pop, wonder bras, spanx... DECEPTION all over
I do not pretend to speak for you, but I want to support you.
God morning! Birds are chirping, raindrops falling, skies are mottled gray...there's something very poetic about this Friday!
U ever wonder about who else she talks to.
You're welcome & hey, thanks for recommending follow :)
Hey #camera types -can I carry on a tripod or do airlines typically make one check them? It's a medium-duty in a soft case. ?
and now I'm feeling like Im gonna fucking puke. Brain! Stop with the fucking crying! please..
shirtless in a mash tun?? How the hell did I miss this?
Ok, fans, anyone out there know how to start a blog?
My feminine side is lesbian
RT Watching Sanford FL city council mtg. Sharpton, Jackson, etc all speaking, getting crowd all worked up. >aka telling the truth
haha, i love you for getting it!
What are your plans for June 25th? Be at the #USC Bovard Auditorium for my Album Release & Benefit Concert for #Egypt! Free
An anonymous Jets player has said that he wanted Peyton in NY...can you imagine if it was Mark Sanchez...
Tweet us your favorite venue/city that you'd like to see Death of an Era in this year. We're looking for new places to book.
“: Thank goodness it's raining #holyhangover GO CATS” I literally can't move
Dirty man
After yesterday's loss to the Athletics, the Brewers are 18-3 and still in first place in the AL East.
Rotary Foundation made a donation to the Rotary Polio Foundation, in the name of Captain Malfitano
I Feel Accomplished!
Happy NFL Draft day everyone!
i should be asleep but i have a friend who just gave me the best talk ever and made me feel better
how does it feel to be known as a slut?!
#tminus nine and a half hours to completion.
Trying to sleep face down while your dick is hard <<<<<<<<<<
There is nothing more fun and self-fulfilling then to be able to play the piano and entertain the people around you. (cont.)
thanks Mark! hope all is well :)
and thats a shot on goal... wow
Post OS X Lion install: Mail App is now awesome, it's everything it should have always been, it's usable + a great UI / UX.
voted best airport in the country.
It smells like sweaty asshole on my bus .
#AlexandriaVa City Council to consider Beauregard Plan at 5/12 public hearing at 9:30 AM in Council Chambers.
Love my Silk Press.......... Eddie Celebrity Hair stylist.......404.454.1494
Colleague just called me out. She caught me trying to use the wall to pop my shoulder.
Well, everyone is Northwest of somewhere :)
I dont want the Patriots to win i want Tom Brady to win.
Walking a closed Broadway from 50th to Herald - still not used to this! Can't do without not looking over my shoulder for traffic
thanks for the Tweet shout-out! We and appreciate it!
Good morning everyone. Icreon is a premium sponsor
it was supposed to be dark brown but it turned out to be more of a reddish brown.. I kinda like it though :)
Fantastic! I'll be having my POG and a meal next month then. :)
for sure! Very different with all due respect as we say in NYC <g>.
You are are only true Loyal sports figure in ohio.Thank you and we are so lucky to have you
That was a beautiful pass and play
Why is there a ForEach extension for List<T> but not for IList<T>? Have I complained about this before?
"#Zombies are what we make of them!"
Dirk deserves a championship
I'll see if I can convince Jessica to throw fire or dance :)
Goodnight!! Had a great day!!! :) time for bed!!!
#Sexy, to me, doesn't have anything to do with beautiful . . . do you agree?
Love it! “: "The more time you spend alone with God, the better you get along with other people." #quotetoliveby #in”
I hope so! Sometimes it's questions about how to use it though, oops. Also, I thought I *was* following you...
WRITE TO ELLEN!
I just clicked your pu**y cat...and I think I need to call my therapist.
at least it was not Konz :)
Just 3 miles in on the bike during my 15 minute break. Not gonna give up this time around.
a day without dealing with stupid people is like......never mind, i'll let you know if it ever happens
picky pick pick!
she already know wat im on
my sister is in first grade and shes trying to correct me girl
UC system too expensive to party lol
Just bought some sickening red hair. Who says drags have to have "normal" hair
#BestBandInTheWorld duh! of course it's :)
Like if she doesn't give a fuck about her work, that's cool. She'll get fired but that's a reflection of me.
Juwan Howard in the league still
wish you were at this current session - "harvesting the future web"
Turn the tap off when you are brushing your teeth or washing the dishes. It will save up to 2.5 gallons of water per minute!
Can you guys please spin "I'm Not A Gangsta" by !? That song is sick!
But Odysseus Withstood Circe's morphing wiles And the Siren's songs
at the bar and looking
:) RT. What u think about is wht u become! Thnk positive!
#NeverShouldYouEver stay in a relationship of you're going to act single.
RT : Stayed in the car just to hear "if this world were mine" by Luther Vandross #classic #TheWood <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0088> thats the shit
“: no..Fig newtons don't have baby pigs in them..you worry me girl ;)” Excuse me , sir !
Email needs a pause button, still can't catch up after after
so pop music has reached a point where it is impossible to re-create, in live performance, the "perfection" of studio vocal tracks
God, girls'd be the best if they weren't the worst.
I Love Sports Man ! I Ain't Even Gotta Get Paid For It But When I Do Imma Get My Family And Put Em On Top Wit Me !
That said, this is sth I really hope the annual meeting cmte seriously considers (1/2)
I CAN'T TAKE DUDE SERIOUS FLUEY SKIE!!
no doubt, and their testimony was so damn good.
dog poop in the house is a more pressing concern, I guess. Fire is a block away, we can see from our roof, it's big.
Curious if any of the student protesters at Penn State have read the Grand Jury report? Terrifying, sick information.
definitely. Midnight Meat Train was also awesome. :)
#Follow my #SocialMediaInTheD peeps!
so far, so good...and the new show was great!!
At this posh gala with ! Talk about fancy!
I know :( I was at work&he called me. What happened do you know? I thought he already been to court?&I saw him today at school
Mike are you performing in Milwaukee anytime soon. Caught you in MKE last year or so and would love to see another show
idk how cute you are if you steady blowing up my phone 24/7 that sh*t is a TURNOFF!! give me some space!!
Even though this brain freeze is horrendous, I continue to eat the ice cream. Which speaks volumes to my will, determination, and stupidity.
Wacha' doin' Granpop? Back to consulting at Dunbar High School after 10 days in Cuba.
B2b social I'm there MT “: I also spy and now bad boy at the Dell #SMaC event.”
No biggie! Btw, how long did you stay in Florida? :-)
If I had a rooster and you had a donkey and your donkey ate my rooster. What would you have? 2 ft. of my cock in your ass.
Real Hip Hop All day!!!Antahlyzah
If you assumed you knew nothing about your #customer, what new things would you learn?
Journey's show store is having a free BBQ, conerts and signings in 12 different cities! Go to their website to check it out!!
« #Sagittarius love to be kissed on their favorite spot <U+2665>»
Love you!
oh wow. It always cold here. Winters are the worst here
Happy Mothers Day to all the #FFS #Moms ,#Nurses Who are working today. Hope your hard work never goes unnoticed, especially today !
Who is this Marvin and why is he always so hungry?
I didn't know college people were so good at picking out people with problems
Get off my line man !
Mercury- you are causing such a scene.
Really hungry, but don't know what to eat. Restraining myself from going to bdubs.
haha I got you! What do you think of new Nelly Furtado?
Hope everyone's commute went smoothly this morning!
Terrified of job interviews? Don't be! Let us show you the way at our mock interview workshop March 15. Contact us for info.
You're welcome for RT, read that article #with coffee and a smile.
not sure if this is the correct use, but h/t to for some excellent social media training.
i just wanna go back home and be happy again
Nothing like talking baseball with my homie behind the counter at the corner store. Go giants!
Here here! - “: Think global, drink global, but SUPPORT local. You never know what hidden gems you may find in your own backyard.
It's 's sweet 16 today! Please wish her a happy birthday!106
I know she hurst people's feelings... Lol
At the wind up space until power comes back on. Should only be another 30 mins.
Exporting the next video blog for #PhillyDrawAThon, look for it later on our tumblr.
I totally submitted mine. Just need your good juju so that at least one gets chosen this year.
Legit just seen a girl on top of her man while driving pounding him in a mustang .
09 Joseph Phelps Eisrébe. Commercially frozen "ice #wine". Lemony bouquet. Thick, very sweet, pear, lemon, more. Long finish. 90 pts
Yay momma is getting me an early bday present!
How's Universal going?
Less value derived from POSTING them via the interface - at least that's been my experience. In defense of friction...
All man......But,happy you got better......143 a smiley with a wink...o
Fourth Suggestion, Men are visual creatures by nature so ladies keep this in mind when you plan a romantic evening together.
so much to do today! Not home til 8.30. monologues, pedi,busy bee. Don't be depressed, I'm in bed waiting for you
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched <U+0096> they must be felt with the heart.
Battleship is a very good movie. If you enjoyed transformers then you will like this movie!!!!
I say that badboy to new hampshire and scare off some of them
Thank you, Jeffrey. And a moment for my mantra: #Giving is good for your health!
mine would be Beautiful Freaks :)
Just started reading 's "Shark's Fin and Sichuan Pepper"
Girl With A Dragon Tattoo it was. Pretty good movie.
maybe next time then!lml & me too its on TBS.
we're biased because we believe in it. I felt his was a thoughtful response to what seemed a rant.
Yup! Everyone won't present tomorrow, but everyone needs to be ready. You can be sure to go tomorrow, since you have supplies.
My neighbor used to get permission to keep bike overnight when #dockblock was more common. Very low imputed speed.
well, for a year. Then, I dunno! Depends on job market, etc.
The mountain is high? Aren't all of them? For now, having hot tea to cool off in the heat, and some lunch. Boat leaves in another hour.
“: the chronicles of narnia is better series than harry potter real talk” A Series Of Unfortunate Events was my shit.
Drinking a Dr.Pepper and watching Ellen. Life is great.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Don't you mean the best "mom"I got?
Sunday Morning to soothe me before bed. <U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>
Whenever anxious about $$-multiply by giving!!!
big sunglasses are the best.
your knife, my back. My gun, your head.
That smile makes my day.
Have a 1958 Bobst 1080 for sale! Great runner! www.BRAUSSE.com or 888-BRAUSSE for more info
One day you'll find someone who loves you as much as you love them
she already did (:
just like you wash your Chin - Charlie
lol they should be more concerned about facing up to life in the championship! Blackburn going down!
Yep, couldn't get enough of the South.
how did you do??
wow - yet another beautiful Spring day! sweet!
We will be at The Machine Shop for Janus 2nite...find our photographer for a special GIFT!
Too funny :-)
There's only so much bullshit we can really stand.
I curse the distance because it's the only thing keeping us apart
First voice lesson went amazing, can't wait 'til next Wednesday!!Ahh! so excited for piano :)
what is twitter?
OMG I JUST WON THE BIG 5.50!!!!! I must be the best.
I look at some people I grew up with and smh cause they look OLD lol ...
The Empire has struck back
Going to IYG. Even though its almost 7.
your pic is still an egg :p
So this is bye for now.I actually have an audition today(: Ill miss you for a week!): Bye!
both!! Helps because the artists has access to millions of ppl. hurts cause the market is now flooded!!
Sorry! What is the issue you are having with the order?
Q2 Are you willing to work with LGBT orgs to develop community center for LGBTQ youth.
So you think you can dance ... <U+2665>
This series is gonna be interesting, 2 great teams.
I sent you a message it's a link which is spam!! I will copy and paste it!! that is how you are spamming!!
Neither ..... Both Are Equally
A white girl with a black girl body and ass and great hair <<<<<<<<
Well, still haven't written any more on my paper. Might just take some notes and call it a night. Wake up with a clear mind to start again.
What did Bret Munsey say to the Preds before this one? RT : The Predators have a 41-17 lead at the half.
is very busy..If you'd like to book time for April/May/June send an email to *Demos, EPs, LPs!
Pack it up! RT : finished up recording keys today at blackwatch!
lol. that's why i'm never having kids haha
until when?
Love doesn't hurt. It's the one you choose to love that's hurting you
go to door 74 in Amsterdam, great cocktails (say hi to Timo Janse). Haven't been to rotterdam or Barcelona though.
If YOU are stressed about it, I honestly dont know how Im going to make it. I guess Ill enjoy life while I can.
legit tweeter? haha naaahhh. how long will you be in town for graduation?!?!? can't wait!
You too!
The Bad news for #Canucks fans is they're are down 0-3...the Good news is they'll get swept while in LA
Wearing out my last channel button
haha that's funny i just found that last night UH-freakin-may-zing :D
Rubrights 885 West mifflin. Sand or soda blast. Long time good friend. It's the closest I can get you.
"The only thing that you absolutely have to know, is the location of the library."~Albert Einstein
That test was a lil too easy.......I probably failed -_-
Happy Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. Day! What are you doing to celebrate and commemorate his legacy?
Yep, but then again they can keep Novak to play Power Forward as well. I know they had him do that a few times this past season.
nobody else is, and I don't wanna fo cause of those...girls.
This is not a test.... Go to the Beer Garden now!!! Tonight will be jumping.
Bruins' Wideman back on the ice
Green apparel? Check. ID? Check. Safe way to get back home? Check.
Smith &amp; Nephew launches revolutionary open-architecture suture anchor for rotator cuff repair with greater pullout ...
Happy Birthday Embry Lotus!
The urge to pee multiples by a million when you're desperately trying to unlock your front door.
Im hungry
you see your boy t mitchell from alabama was granted his release , where to next
haha I'll be in UK for Olympics r u there then? Clubs are in my garage come down and visit pick them up.
My 1st graders write their planet research on paper. After I check for accuracy they type it on their IPad.
We just accessioned a very important contemporary #NativeAmerican artwork -more info tomorrow. Wowie-zowie.
Great commercial from Clint Eastwood. Who is Chrysler's ad agency?
Going up the steps with and she tripped and fell...laughed for about 5 mins...
Coffee, whiskey, sushi, and the residual inspiration of great conversations with friends from throughout the week... I'm ready to write...
Truth! “: is my fam for life... Always reppin big blue hockey..”
And that's a wrap folks! The #sxsw #gesture panel is over. (FYI, that was ) live-tweeting it.
Trivia, Burgers and Craft Beer tonight!
Sign him up! RT : For the first time in my life, I think it would be fun to be a developer. #chimobile great topic tonight!
So sad to hear about Junior Seau... gotta respect great players and he was one.
Not done with my science packet and I still have a math packet but I'm proud of myself for getting so much done.A ROUND OF APPLAUSE FOR ME!!
This year's bobcats are the worst team in NBA history.
Please welcome as an official BarTweet Bar Reviewer giving you Real Time bar reviews for !
love trunk
Ladies is pimps too! Do any cool shoots lately?
i ordered chachimomma pants and its been almost a month since i ordered them
Happy New Year! We resolve to see even more youth-generated change this year. What are your resolutions?
China jails 24 for copyright infringement
good site I threw it on my bookmarks
yea but she is THEE WORSE lol
Will Raheem be the Vikes D-Coordinator or secondary coach?
Happy Mother's day!! :)
Happy Thanksgiving!!...
I wanna fall so in love with you and no one else.
These broads going on & on & on about lying men & this that & the other male bashing. Let them go- use energy to
Lol omg omaha mall just came on my ipod remember that?! Ahahah i love you , happy easter(:
No worries, but another $10,000 will make you even richer.
Thanks a ton to all the folks who worked to bring down #ALEC. The fact that they are getting out of the business of legislating: HUGE. URock
im bouta send u a jam rite now cuz u still got spots open for that mixtape
where do we apply? :)
2nd to the last row Ted vow gathering shirt
Hi B Thx 4 fllwng FREE E-BOOK Award Winning novel GRAY RAINBOW JOURNEY Limited time offer Contact
Typing this with my middle finger.
CRG -- I bet you shop at Urban Outfitters as well. So #corporate. Represent.
That's hot
Man...I'm jealous...it would be great to hit all of the courses for the British Open, but The Old Course is a must...congrats!!
thinks we have all been rodeo clowns, providing amusement for those watching while we work so hard at missing the point.
Doing research. Reading tweets about #TheHelp. Frightening and headache inducing. Reading The Help made you "love the world"? Say what?
- I see, but there must be a centralized concept that everyone can live with. That concept must bring out the truth.
Made a sweet little finger splint out of a plastic fork, a Chipotle napkin, some athletic tape, and some scotch tape (to seal).
Yes RT Do #Isles have pans of hiring any assistants since they let go of Allen and Chynoweth?
I just played that in Words with Friends!
Trust a person until they have given you a reason not to trust them.
not much. Sittin here listening to music and bitching about bitchy people xD so much fun :P
Hahaha would not
people expect too much and just end up with disappointment .
! But I can't leave New York! Cause I just don't want 2 be actor + singing/songwriting NY is just the place!! Luv ya!!
Now im at the doctors to get my x-ray done
Just made SKYLARK come over my house to see the amazing amout of followers we got over these past 4 days He said "I got a phone, U know?"
Checks are going out soon to partners. Please review out site for more info about #BlastoffNetwork. www.blastoffnetwork.com
Come on you #blues and #Packers make this a good weekend
between the type of boyfriends.
When is coming back to the ATL?
Keith David! I miss seeing him in real shit
The boy's lax team deffinitely knows how to cheer!
Well I'm very glad(:
leading use cases effort for #dpla. Important to Tech and content work.
Woohoo! Monday solitude, except for my Twitter feed of 1959 people & possible spam-bots.
congrats on the blog numbers you are prolific, I had a very busy day some good potential clinets for me
#GoTribe On a scale of 1-10 my level of tiredness is reaching double digits but on to game 3 of 6
I think I might watch this season (:
sprinkles please
THRILLED to be a part of ! We need your voice to help choose SD region's future beginning Nov. 30!
Looks like the 9am class is in the lead in the food drive....class with the most weight in food wins a week with Brian Cassidy!
Moon Pie!!! have not had one of those in decades! Rejoice in gift God has given you of sweet tooth and incredible energy!!!
that is awesome! so psyched for you guys!
Thanks for sharing our services page! Hope you have a good weekend.
Talking to strangers, yo...
Is there a live feed for ? Would like to see and others.
great job on your food regimen. Processed food sucks!
FOLOW ME PLEASE I LOVE YOU SOO MUCH AND I DID FOLLOW FOR YOU! <3 biggest fan! THANKS FOR NOT FOLLWING ME..
Havin peanut butter and no jelly!
Don't worry about the snow, TEQUILA THURSDAYS will heat things up! :) $2 Frozen Margaritas
you are so welcome! They actually have a cup bigger than that! Time to get excited for a HUGE week !
Tonight after #CSWCPWOODS & #TheWhippingMan, stick around for the a cappella group !
Thank you! Def continuing innovation! RT : Happy Bday - keep up the #CleanRevolution innovation
Things u see at WalMart...guy wearing 2 different types of camouflage? #isthataowed?
There is grief because there is love.
2day my husband blessed me with a true Mother's Day Gift by honoring me 2preach the Mother's Day Word. O Happy Day!
I love this show like a pimp loves to smack a hoe! Somebody slap J.Hill for his stunt, lol!
Test post from HubSpot.
Bro, this application does not have a valid signature
Talent wins games, perseverance wins championships, with both I'll create a dynasty..
we're definitely not talking about the status quo at 'F' schools
“: It annoys me how the same people get noticed.” this.
RT If you don't work on YOU daily, then the only thing that will is gravity. And we all know what direction that force pulls.
Happiness I cannot feel and love to me is so unreal
thanks for the RT! We appreciate you!
Yo!! Look for a Bachman post soon.
I live when people write their lonely statuses on Facebook. It makes me chuckle.<U+263A>
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
Watching the Belfast 2010 concert on VH1. & are crushing it.
oh, and have it in the middle of freaking nowhere. Cc:
WE ARE ALL CONNECTED
Do you own an awesome custom motorcycle, and live anywhere near Phoenixville, PA? I want to shoot your bike for my portfolio.
read them. Notice how none of our tweets have anything to do with that and supposably WE start the drama, lololol
If TuPac and Biggy were still alive would Lil Wayne still be considered a rapper?
I'll see you on tv tonight killing it & I'll see your beautiful face tonight to <3
Follow I follow Back
i found you! finally! i guess the triple e thing worked!
this crap. i am sick of it.
Im doing good and thank you VERY much!
Scott Proctor giveth and Scott Proctor taketh away.
thanks for the R/T!
Check out our feature on 5 eco-friendly destinations in April issue of w/ the beautiful Whitney Houston on the Cover.
needs new friends ahaha
(Oak Creek) Vehicle on it's side. 1 patient in Med rig. Sorry I missed location
please follow me ? Thanks :)
Good morning, Anderson! I am letting the kids sleep late on the last day of summer! It is strange to have a quiet house!
Signed and RT'd
Cats are often cleverer than academics.
your beautiful too lol
time to invest in a margarita machine, me thinks :)
Thanks! RT : Happy Easter friends :)
ITA. It's hard tho- kids have been in PS their whole lives. Feels like we are 'deprogramming' in a way.
More like a Champagne Supernova. Just celebrating Arsenal securing 3rd in typical fashion.
I won that photo contest! Thanks for your support. Bummer instagram doesn't send checks.
Members Card Texas Rangers ML -140 (25 units)
": Remember all those long conversations that lasted for hours? I miss them. <U+2665>" you & you-know-who
slap my nuts
Aim HIGH! You've got nothing 2 Lose! ;-)
Congrats on your upcoming new post with IU's Center for Innovation. We hope to help you spread news on Indiana Innovation
The law of demand states that if price increases quantity demanded will decrease and bitching will increase
Whose going to warped tomorrow?
No it doesn't look like it :( Unless someone backs out in the next half-hour. We'll reconvene at Beginners Part II?
RT ": RT if you like Nutri * Grain Cereal Bars">POWERBAR is the best
Thanks for recommending Camtasia. :)
TELL THAT TO DEM HILLBILLIES
Several parishoners note: Raul Castro, an atheist, has a front row seat for Pope Benedict's message.
Thumps up!! Linda Fiorentino was awesome!!
RT - I hate everything in Jacksonville except my jaguars
omg yes! <3
Thank you for the
where'd you find it?
I love when my favorite songs get stuck in my head. :3 like now.
What is the key to the Bulls winning the Easter Conference??
super soon!!
Good morning shoppers! RT your go-to merchant for breakfast!
Working away on database research and talking with clients on conference call... data wizardry 101.
I just joined the Brunettes team!
We may be able to help We are happy to evaluate her MRI.
Glad to have all of you at Sabbatic! Love having great neighbors!
Enjoying a night for their fundraising extravaganza! Can't decide on what to bid on.
The green and red chili I used has a hot bite to it. I love hot chili
Just did in front of my television!
He was supposed to die! But kids were so traumatized when Optimus Prime died in Transformers that the producers changed it.
Spanish AND French Conversation Tonight from 7-9pm
WORK IT
Dare to be naive.
Heyy do u know how happy I would be if u could please reply me :) please <3
omfg I need to erase that from my mind btw just did my post about Louis and leo
Hoodie and Hoopin Shorts type of weather. Ayyeeee
Just saw the Chicago highlights. Scottie Pippen shouldn't get into the motivational speaking business.
If this rebellion he does not underrate, perhaps he can reclaim his state?
: thanks :) that wood looks beautiful!! >>> I seriously audibly laughed (LOLed) in the the CDPE class. Thanks for the ...
ugh, you and your made up language! xD
Important to provide citations that the reader would need to find the source of information
cool, glad they went to a good home! Sorry about the game. Was nice to see you yesterday!
Math is an instrument of patriarchy; its rigor is merely a manifestation of the totalitarian mindset.
I'm just a cold mutha fucka
Windows 8 is blowing my mind right now. In a related note, minimalism is for assholes.
It's okay baby cakes....tonight I'm making brownies! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Goodnight Monica.
right! i know it:)
Sitting at home all day and not masturbating is the definition of self control.
Attempting to get another ssn card for my son and the #'s haven't moved!!! Did I choose the wrong option? Other groups is moving!!!
seriously can 20 be like that everyday!
keep us updated!RT : We are currently developing an article series on using #WordPress for #nonprofit websites and blogs.
Suddenly I am used to
Thank God for Saturdays
Hope yall bitches paid your deposits ! ! !
Just once i want to wake up on a monday morning, turn on the news and hear "Monday has been canceled, you can go back to sleep now."
send us your stuff!
Well since your reading this, you might as well shout me out? :DD 5
Thank you James Barham, for sharing research to date. Great convo starter!
"dont worry about what you dont know, life is a dance you learn as you go."
can't wait to see what you make, not sure I've ever tried that!
RT hey everyone should check out this webinar this afternoon PM EST www.valueofprint.com
ok. starting....now
just saw all your RTs! Am i too late for one!?!?
This weather <U+2600>>>>
Hard at work getting ready for the next event
I hear ya man. Its nasty at least football is on today
Some people were dropped as a baby. YOU were clearly thrown at a wall.
#nowplaying "Taxi War Dance" from 'Music for Lighthousekeeping' by Howard Rumsey's Lighthouse All-Stars.
Need an escape to #Boston? We have packages to accommodate any of your needs! :) 800.225.2008
#OMG $4 #patron shots tonight and $2 #coronas ! ! !
you better be seeing my tweets. TWEET please, shes loosing her battle with cancer. Let her know you love her!!!
Gracie, the kitty cat, is taking a nap.
I can love with with all my heart but the hardest part is, I just can't love you back.
what do you think?
My website is currently down, but I am working hard to get it back up...if 1 & 1 would only conduct good business practices. Hrumph.
Esp. for WV strip clubs and sex shops.
Bay Street Brassworks New CD "Brass On Fire" has been nominated for a Wammy Award.
Fuck fake bitches. God damn
Links We Love: Isaac Mizrahi Launches a Baby Line & Jason Wu Hits Target Sweet deal! Lea Michele is going to be the new spokesperson for
GBR SHRM chapter meeting Thurs. & Jay Stovall gave labor update.Employer alert! NLRB has waded into social media big time w/ no end in site!
Will kinda miss Cory Provus and I am sure that I will kinda miss his replacement when he leaves in 3 years
I really DO hope so, i just barely starting to learn, and I HAVE no idea how to read music...
Orthodontist! Is it weird I love going? Guess that's why I'm going to be one!
I don't think I've ever been this sick. FML.
Thanks for following: Albuquerque Pro () Bailee Hanna () sumikhatun93 ()
Ever wanted to participate in a #flashmob. Here's your chance San Diego! FREE & open to the public! www.sandiegoweddingparty.com
Collaborations don't require hierarchies - every party involved has a give and a get.
RT : When you go to the Turner suite, definitely check out the Core Video Player team in the back corner. Its amazing.
Very important point RT : How do we challenge the idea that there can only be one person in charge?
RT : Wow! 131 units have been sold since the beginning of the year. Congratulations to the Axis Brickell Sales Team!
. retiring as a Bird today. Best Eagle of all time. Thank you for bringing such intensity every single gameday.
Your guys played hard! Just too many injuries at the end of the season.
haha. That's funny, what's it for?
Shout out to who has a BIG interview today! You'll rock it, sugar. Good luck. Keep me posted.
“: Season Finale already? What was that, 4 episodes ??” <-
All those cardboard boxes turned into this? Nice transmutation, dude!
Lilly & Chloe just made their debut as DJ's. 2 & 4 and time to work!!
Prosecutor Tamara Strauch now gets the last word. "This is not an intent based crime." Bronson's intent doesn't matter. Took pills, drank.
Urban #ebook #readers. Download your copy of A-Town Veteran and the Street Advocate by #ColeHart. 99 cents each. #Augusta #Amazon #youths .
you felt kinda bad... smiley face ;)
I love this bar! Fiddle and Steel Guitar Bar
Phx loses Utah loses
she my everything
Of all the thirty-six alternatives, running away is best.
Sometimes my boyfriend is such a fuckin baby I don't know whether I should blow him or burp him
It's so weird because I'm so busy #writing my #book I almost forgot to notice things like #superTuesday and #AIPAC this year
I LOVE SEX , SMOKIN , DRINKIN , MONEY AND PARTY'S BUT MOST OF ALL....... (CAMERA ZOOM).... FEELIN FAMOUS ! LOL
coming out swinging. Tell ya what
WE love you!
Ctfu , Ghaaaa A New Word, Just For Me, Im Honored , lol
Me too! It'll be so nice to meet in person. Thanks to for getting everyone together. :)
I'm still sick why am I here
I like your policy on this! Mentioning shows is one thing, but if its the only thing...
I almost accidentally tweeted a text message. Shit would have got real, quick! lmao
Party Rental on their way—because—we're having a party AND art Auction May 12. aljirafineartauction
The things , i put up with .... From you .
She has to give more than she receives tho lol
I love lot of ppl! If I starts to number, I'll never finish xD
FULL LINEUP! Welcome Mike to ALESSA IS RED. more news coming VERY soon! (shows, EP Release, Merch, ETC!)
Juss fell down the stairs with a glass of oj now it all over the place a hell of a clean of now :(
A big reason that so few take advantage of all we have is simply neglect, It causes us to miss the opportunities that our freedom gives us
Big ups to my boy , who finds out where his residency will be at today. He also promises to give more of an effort on Twitter.
Haha. I so want that mixtape.
When Im All Alone I Think About Your Face...
Chris Paul can admit when he's had a horrible game though. Gotta respect that.
The fact that #MuseumEd = Teaching Students but #ArchivesEd = Training Archivists is something that needs to change
Ladies and Gentleman, let's welcome Taylor Newman to Twitter!
Fellmeth: We need parenting education. Trigonometry not used by many after HS but parenting skills are needed by most.
OMG!! The Master Cleanse isn't a diet!!!!! Hello!
No can do. Institute's got me for evening. Tomorrow or Wed?
Happy Mother's Day to all the beautiful Mommy's!
Histopathology Blood --Acute leukemia
Good morning! We're open today starting at 9am (until 5pm). We have additional Planetarium times all this week, too. Have a gat day.
Good morning!!!
Christ Jesus, those penguins were tall
Just sent you a digital copy via dropbox.
congrats on grad my journalism friend! Proud of you. This tweet needs #childhoodphoto that I don't have access to right now...:)
I love tequila.
you meet a lot of people in bathrooms. did he give you the answer to a trivia question?
it does
Aaaaaahhhhh!!! So close
Hey man, are you up for coffee or a phone call next week? I'd love your advice and feedback on my startup, AirPay.
Girl has Big "O" on amusement park ride. see the video..real or fake? decide
Sexual chocolate? is going to be a guest?
True! I just need slutty out-of-town friends now.
Me Too!!! “: OH "If I win the big lottery jackpot, I'm starting a VC fund"”
Does anyone else watch The Wieners Circle??
He holds me in his big arms, drunk and I am seeing stars; this is all I think of.
haha make you have a piss rush!
That's good. I'm in the world's largest storm cell.
Revolve Friday! :D
hey Phil! I like your face will u marry me?
Wahh I forget no new episode tonight. Well this sucks. Guess I have no excuse to not pack.... Boo
Keys in my pocket hit me on the Batphone
And I am what I am, a train wreck.
This is a test...I wonder when you will tweet me back =)
I'm guessing Upshaw.
RT : got my alarms set! #m #youalwaysbossme // sit down and be quiet.
#Tebow will eat a homeless person if you dare him.
Derby, Michigan, home, beach, lake, Europe, lake
Happy Fathers Day
You're a handsome devil. What's your name?
Fun times, indeed! And totally, you can be our house band any time you like!
Another big moment in UB history: Ida C. Bendler & Natalie Mankell also became UB's first female faculty on this date in 1895.
How many people are running for Chicago mayor? Any site suggestions about good place to follow this?
TFH: "Welcome to the party."
Ed Sheerans videos are all so fucking emotional.
Oh, Congrats! Would this one move the interview if they knew when you'll be out there?
The #Pens win. Equilibrium reestablished in the universe.
RT Driving to 1702 Hawkins Circle, Southampton. ETA 10:31 AM using Waze - Drive Social
Damn near not funna be in any of my classes tomorrow, :/
oh gosh if it was by chipotle i'd be there everyday! even though I am already hahaha
Hugh is about to start his cookbook signing at Outwright Bookstore in Midtown. Home sweet Atlanta.
Governor: How does it help America's kids to call Social Security a Ponzi scheme?
Did I fall asleep? Totally missed that it was after 2!
E is even more than anyone that you adore and love is all that I can give you <3
BTW should you ever lose your ID in Vegas, you can board with your Costco card.
tomorrow's outfit? Shorts and a t shirt
Happy Thursday!
Want a girl that doesn't hide shit.
MT "Kuroda did a good job today...just no run support as usual." ...<Been the story of his life...
RT : RT this and follow me to be entered to win a Prototype 2 digital comic.
I Feel Love for Austin Mahone. Yes. Him
Have a picnic in Central Park! See a play on Broadway! Tour the offices! Wishing you safe travels from #Tucson to NYC.
Joe Paterno has reached, molded, and taught many men not only about football, but about life. His legacy will be that of a great teacher.
um yes.
ive done 3 pages in one so far. only like 3 more sketchbooks to go
Abed doing stand up with Troy in the audience #HILARIOUS . #Community=winning
would you say you were buzzing like a bee, or a hummingbird. Playful minds want to know! ;-) contact me anytime.
Hey Stranger!! How are you?
Come into the tasting room and mention "Twitter Sale" and get 20% off your purchase. Today Only! Open 12-6pm. Happy New Year!!!
If I ever make a movie about delivery drivers, I will call it “The Slow and the Surly.”
DRM, it's why I do the whole pirate thing
Almost 700 :D 360 followers from the goal
I'm not but I'm just so far from my baby. Its depressing
M... Zinc has delicious fishes...
IF VITO CORLEONE FELL ASLEEP IN THE SUN HE WOULD LOOK LIKE KANYE WEST.
11 months of Romney rhetoric might just drive me over the edge. I feel bad for words.
Next time I get some jet fuel on me I am definitely using Tide.
thanks for following! Check out our design blog and forum www.wearelux.com
Can't wait to see whats going on here
I believe: RT In 2011, the # of smartphones sold outnumbered the # of PCs sold. Future mobile sales will dwarf everything else.
just called my tweets boring. I'll take that as a complement - Simple is what I go for. Are you asleep yet?
Good morning everyone, we just want to thank you lovely people again for being so kind and supportive, we <3 you all, much love h2p
Prolific? "I'm hyperactive, and I went in the studio and I would just start making records, for no reason." - Puff Daddy
wow, for what?
nah this aint right, severe back and neck ache at the age of 21, complain complain but
Tell #Congress to be #transparent on #contraceptive debate
Music has my heart pumping!
It's 111 degrees in LA. Maybe we'll just stay here... :)
Diamond Head conquered. Hanauma Bay up next!
marv no....asia miles!?
of course human interaction is terrifying. THAT'S THE KIND I GOT INSTEAD. WOAH.
Started the New Years Eve celebration with the traditional 12 mile run, powered by Skittles. Now for some football.
We need to change the tax code and other policies, not make people change jobs to solve concentration of wealth probs.
Eat, sleep, drink, fun.
Congrats man! We need to grab a burrito soon!
thanks. Can't time machine back up to it, right?
I'm pretty sure I didnt do well on this food science test. Oh well just wanna hurry up and get out of here.
Finally ditched my ergonomic keyboard! I can already feel my Carpal Tunnel starting to Syndrome.
That is crazy ": Still haven't from any of the "fam" except for ! Smh!! That's crazy!! I don't care either!"
S/o to for never hanging out with me. Cool
Science 2011: Jennifer Harper "Students who participated in hands on learning received a higher scaled score in science."
I'm not gonna say a thing.
Mi teaser trailer es su teaser trailer.
We will be arriving tomorrow!
Sunday Funday! Continuing the celebration from last night Rangers win?! Join us today for the Cowboys game! Will the Cowboys win?
Tomorrow......it's ladies night w DJ E Square at 8 pm.......happy hour at tiki bar...drink specials....!!!!! Starting at 6pm...
Yes or no? G o o g l e jumped the shark today with its MD banner.
Well thank you - great pic!
Supplying quality exotic hardwood flooring and decking for over 15 years.
"The man who stops advertising to save money is like the man who stops the clock to save time." - Thomas Jefferson
reminding everyone that WWC is part of the Greenwood Art-walk tomorrow! Come by and meet the artist who donated such beautiful work to us!
I am so beyond excited about the new collection. It's different from what I've been doing but I'm loving the creative process! Stay tuned.
I was sad that no one joined in.
So much to blog about, so little time.
We'll love you just the way you are if you're perfect
8 out of 10 times, I'm the bad guy..thats my role.
Hell!!! #ToddlersAndTiaras is back and I'm about to get real angry at my tv lol
so what you wanna do opportunity right in front of you
have fun! The show already aired my time! She's on in the later part of the show?
Have fun at ! I see them next week - my 3rd time. Watch 's hands on that guitar. Impressive talent!
. Gov't (through taxes) is the great fiction where everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.
Track workout today: 7 min mile warm-up. 8x200m at :33 with 1 min rest between. Mile cool down.
Can't sleep so much on my mind.
European Jazz Motion @ Shrine Bar 2nite, 10-11p. Kids R smokin'. Off 2 DC 2morrow. Twins says they'll have the piano tuned. Here's hoping.
nah whenever YOU are
RT : Just my opinion, but I've got to keep it 100. Brandon Venson has looked the best of the rookie TEs. Still early though.
Downloaded the BeerCloud app to find its a weak & out of date app. Are there any other good iPhone apps 4 beer lovers?
Lausanne just posted...CLOSED!
Winners keep improving.
or today
Nothing like having a fresh cut.
Loving did,,
With a huge cock! 8===>~~~ RT : you're a BASIC BITCH anyway
WH just "revealed" Obama's long-form birth certificate. The #Birther wackos will undoubtedly come up with a new conspiracy theory.
f***?? hahahaha . why stay away from him? omg mom and dad have lost it
What night are you attending? Or did you go already?
haha I have to put shower and eat on my daily to do list when I'm working at home too!
Morning #Bear and #Bull Family!! Go
! RT No more tweets abt 'crime' & 'conviction' from you from now on, young lady :)
me either then they all decided to hop in...and they were all wrong
Or see if their last name is Biff Tannen :-)
Every time I talk to you, I see that smile and those eyes, and I realize I can't get over this one.<3
Overslept a little, and almost missed the bus.
Listening to "No Sleep till Brooklyn"
RT : Cumberbatch does a great job of reminding us why Holmes has no friends.
What problems is the DPLA trying to solve? 1. Collective action (lots of people doing similar things, but we’re not coordinating)
I think I'm gonna Tweet every line from the play today. For the benefit of those who can't see it. JUST KIDDING, DON'T UNFOLLOW ME!
Today in Blues History: Robert Nighthawk recorded "My Sweet Loving Woman" November 10, 1948, as Chess single number 1484.
I could really go for a cold one right now... cause the bottom of this one is kinda warm.
Should have run today
follow her shes cool ss dnt tell her i tweeted this haha LoL ;) :)
no its durp
all I had to do was say I'm ready for golf season haha! Damn!
He think he balllllin
TRUE DEFINITION OF DROUGHT! Musicfest AND BBQ rain free? Didn't think that was possible...
MW3 right now >>>>
We could be like slash. We'd play guitar solos, while smoking a cigarette, with Fergies ass on our face.
Today! Kick-off to Houston's own Flamenco Festival, care of Del Espadín #flamenco studios benefitting the Flamenco Foundation of #Houston!
did you find anything? Where is the house? It's not the pie museum correct ?
2) #whiteprivilege allows one to dismiss race as uncomplicated & argue that race is "as complicated as goddamn Santa Claus" (3/3)
haha i feel you son
happy mothers day pattie!
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new.
Thanks for the follow!
Had a lot of fun today! :)
now that's what I call festive!
New Photos from Fringe just posted! www.stephaniepfreed.com
Got plans? Join us tonight 6-7:30PM, as Mesa Mayor Scott Smith holds a town hall meeting at the Mesa Historical Museum.
I guess i'll try to go sleep. Goodnight twitter :)
hahaha! I believe you! Our brother was good at making a racket.
hmm , can't wait till you get off
Great post! It's :( that Mark didn't report his tweet to Anthony B. that said "F@*K U! Come to UofL! Shame
No, they just get run over!!!
can u believe up til 50yrs ago the mentally disabled were sent2 institutionalizations &forgotten abt @ the dr's orders? RT if ur ashamed
working on it! ;)
Friend said to me, 'You couldn't go vegan. Your husband keeps pig's heads in the fridge!' True. But I accepted the challenge. #cantdoit pft!
is trying to make your life better. Espresso bar (505 W. Main St.) from 12pm to 7pm today.
WHat happened to Sabi?
Haha did you see Justin's face?
Masque... Step it up :/ and I are visiting...
It's a Murphy's Law kind of a day
Most elephants weigh less than a blue whale's tongue.
Between the horror that was Wonder Woman issue 7 and the atrocity of today's internets, I wish I had hidden under the covers this morning.
finally at the one inch mark! do any of you want pics? -eugene
Molly Sullivan's Dance Party tonight!
yes this is really me:) and Thanks! Can you please share it with your friends like Facebook it??:)
decided against Life?
It's Monday and we get a letter from IRS that they're holding our refund until they do a review of our taxes. #auditsstink!
Set up a #Steam account last night - send me your names so I can friend you! I'm "Kalareth"
Major announcements coming for drugfreehomefoundation.org. Home safety discovery tools for cocaine, meth, heroin, amph, alcohol
You should check out our for your application.
Tonight's hurting everyone's brackets!!
#crowdfunding Not that I know of. The highest I've seen is $10k
damn I went hard that day 8)
definitely available for Canada. Hiding homeowner's trees may be possible if trees were flagged in a certain way.
No dunkin donuts=the worst monday morning ever
appears that Braun might possibly have a cough/cold ?
Absolutely!!!! No question! It is my passion!
That's great! I'm sure he'll get it mastered before too long
Reindeer Games is on the throne.
Type 1 or juvenile diabetes affects 70,000 children under the age of 15 years every year.
thanks for the follow:-)
Where are the grownwomen?
awesome! Can I find the hours for open gym at jam online? I can't wait to check out the new gym and play :)
of course! How long will the event be going on?
": Just knowing im gonna walk into work when the sun is out and then walk out when the moon is out kills my mood"
Fabulous cut & color at Runway in Newburyport - thank you I've so found my new salon
Yay!! So glad u could make it.
Why do people insist on telling you to "stick to football" every time you post on another sport? Post away, Peter
wow, that was completely unexpected, and he made the wrong decision!
that will be how we spend out Sunday...can't wait! ;) Have a good/productive day...
I can't wait for Kate Boka to teach tonight at the Wright Way Master Classes Broadway audition seminar - Las Vegas!
Stick to sports, Mike.
RT : OMG, there is NONE bettah than Pearl Northridge CA. Thank you.
Thanks Kate! Good luck and hopefully we'll be giving you a free download this month!
I thought it wasn't possible, but the yammer iPhone app just got uglier.
#WorldsYouWillNeverHearMeSay I can't wait for next semester to start!
I don't think so!
Tragic Johnson
720 communities around the USA now have some type of #OWS presence.
can I charge those flip cameras via the USB or do they have to be plugged into the wall? and no, that's not a dumb question.
Rule #1: you must never mistreat the bacon.
2day is simply a boring day.....sigh
sorry you just answered my question. thanks
I knew you would! Great teachers see it.
Just found out who stoled my iphone
I am very humbled by how much God has blessed me with...from the biggest of things to the littlest of things.
Rudy Rude on the mic this Friday night- giving us some much needed music!
You Should Do That, It Would Be Nice!!!
well that went well..
tied in
I guess why not....
"One of my favorite artists is none other than the singer Jack Johnson." OMG The One and Only??? (@ Wit's End w/ 60 papers)
I can't wait for you to break out of Bill Bixby mode and go all Lou Ferrigno on #mla11. You'll get noticed, all right.
I saw a woman wearing a sweat shirt with "Guess" on it...so I said "Implants?"
Morning, twitfam! Lots to do today.
"Can we, as a nation, continue together permanently..? ..The problem is too mighty for me. May God, in His mercy, superintend the solution."
ugh tell me about it : /
hey sweetie! Miss ya!
Making out in line for the bathroom? Not ok.
hi. if u get a chance, check out seon-hwa lee on the range. really nice player. amazing swing. think shes been hurt lately.
i meant oh well
Haven't tweeted much, just been on focus mode with spring ball, but all y'all have a blessed day
Congrats to DeAndre Presley for getting a deal with the San Diego Chargers...he's going to make that team!
Met the great Samu yesterday at New England Fanfest !! Now I need to meet !!
Doctor of #Chiropractic news flash: Yergason's shoulder test has 35% specificity. Why use it? Poor predictor.
ready to throw a diy show after that doc... thanks for the rec!
if I really tried hard at it I'm sure I could. But probably not :P. How bout you??
OH SHIT! IT'S ABOUT TO GET COSMIC IN THE MCU!
Right out the box "Emily Dic-n-who?" Awesome.
Lol he smokes weed and steals socks! Wtf.
All kelly clarkson songs make me want to vomit.
i did
Sounds like you get around like me:-)
But there is always next season. I love the Pens and they will raise the Cup again.
#thoughtsduringschool Will this be on the bar? ... Whoa did you really post that on Facebook?... Huh? Oh, can you repeat the question?
Looking forward to a great volunteer leader call tonight, talking Digital Organizing with and
yay MSM has Whitney's death to focus on over the atrocities happening every in the world. MJ's trial got more airtime than Darfur genocide.
yeah that's a good question. Busy enough to make a living :-)
Success - If at first you don't succeed, try, try again. Then quit. There's no use being a damn fool about it.
Reading Ghost In The Wires by Kevin Mitnick. Gripping because Kevin Mitnick is obsessed to the point of being ridiculous.
"I believe in fairy tale endings." - guy on the Bachelorette (dude, she's not going to turn into a frog once you kiss her)
Ha! RT Facebook is worth 100B? They totally stole the idea of invasion of privacy & imaginary farms from North Korea.
God bless the women that can hold Patron.
Drive to save Chester College faces real deadline - Eagle Tribune
I FUCKS WITH IT FOOL #WESTSIDE T>T> DAT HOOK CATCHY AS FUCK TOO MY NIGGA !
they say hangovers bring one closer to god...closer than the booze of the night before..
I can not stand nick cannon !
Good Morning Everyone =)
I am a pervert on the low though.
About to start watching Big Love Season 4!
WATS GOOD BRO HOLD ME DOWN GO TO MY FAN PAGE AND LIKE WOULD HELP A GREAT DEAL
Why not? Share lots and prosper.
Cathleen Kaveny: sexist structures need to be critiqued because they are false
hope your day is going well....
I loved your mothers day special it was amazing
You have till 2 p.m. TODAY to RT and be entered in a drawing for tix on 4/23...you'll also be entered for the 4/25 game!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHA,cant imagine ur killin face on ma wedding :p
#iHateitwhenlittlekids Stick Their Toungue Out Like It Hurts Me!?!So Impresive........NOT!
... that bad? Omg lol I bet Someones gonna die and come back to life or some chiz
have a great day and happy mother's day!
The Daily Show to in the Charlotte Mecklenburg Library during the DNC this fall. Libraries in the media - gotta love it!...
is becoming one of the biggest mma fans. Mave to hit up the ight hit up the jui jitsu class
With companion. It was shared and made for a very comfy flight. :) Might I remind you that it was cross country? cc:
lol “: Only if were lucky :-) RT : Nightlife will be the death of us.”
I totally relate! haha!
follow me so I can give yhu my number nd Donovan said yhu fine lolz :)
we sport facebook.com/VZPARTYSTORE
That's what I like to hear! :)
Great leaders don't need to respond to every email - let your team weigh in with their decisions and don't always need your input
Lmao!,I think you're right
has added AIA, , of Northern NV and Black Rock Design Institute to our list of sponsors.
the things I would do for a large lemonade right now...
I'm ready are u ???lol
You can't always beat the #market. Consider inexpensive #indexfunds. Those funds will closely track overall market performance.
has no swag he has
Harry Potter & the Deadly Hallows II. Relentless Action Movie! It Just does not stop! --Daniel Radcliffe.
No problem sir.
ha thanks
Sweet! Thanks for the retweet!
At a hotel for my bday lol. So u got a Facebook
Fun to sign on to Twitter and see #FF Hope you had a wonderful day, my friend!
I'm reminded that the following can be used for social change: twitter, letters to the editor, graffiti, book reviews, etc.
Spoke with a MS rep who recommended taking IDL & MOF cert. test. Any thoughts on IDL or MOF?
Will do! He's in good hands with !
you sicken me -_-
Can I come and pay homage to the Super Bowl victories...?
Same old Caps.
Those are the worse
So tired of Kelly Clarkson's "don't need a man" schtik!
RT : Our 5th birthday is just 3 weeks away! Stay tuned to our twitter feed for some exciting announcements!!
If you don't leave convention full of inspiration and a need to go out and shoot, you don't have a pulse.
Don't waste time with sizes and styles and returns. She will write a check in a second and put it in envelope for any gift occasion
Need new shoes, Chucks in the locker are looking rough. May go Vans for ride days.
Hey Bar Reviewer have updated our system. Just add #milwaukeebars to send a Real Time Bar Review
RT : Most kids 6-12 in US and Canada have used YouTube as gateway to other content/make purchases
Just finish getting dicked up! Omg i cant feel my legs!
Parking tickets don't magically disappear when you look like you're going to cry.Though i did manage to get the parking police to feel b ...
Looked to me like semi-officially received Woody Guthrie's mantle tonight. And what a fucking show.
I sure dont
thanks! and thanks for your item on the list
madison looks good today
psshh, that's so coachella. they'd resurrect kurt cobain or sid & nancy before tupac here ;)
Of course and were outstanding too !
lol @ sportscenter saying anyone getting dunked on "gasol'd"
Vermont campaign finance bill dead for year
not if you're ugly, chances are actually divided in half.
should we sign eric gordon and goran dragic this summer?
IKR but I have u and all my other friends to help me with getting sleep which is great
Need advice on a telephone system solution for your business? Looking for bespoke pricing and services built around your requirements?
Someday, future generations will say: "Why the hell didn't our parents & grandparents pay down U.S. #Debt? Now we're screwed!"
The fact that my bus sings songs everyday on the way home makes me love LF<3
ayyyee ! Just bough just dance 3 for our Wii !!
wow! Where at?
Living at the
I have a 103.6 fever... the day before an ap test.
Kansas: Kansas moves closer to ending ban on happy hour. Via CBS news
Delete nothing. See every negative comment as an opportunity for awesome. via
what was it for then?
Its nice to be off 2mrw.
Fergie would kill Mancini.
NCAA title game embodied the tournament: build up to a great ending...and then nothing. Least exciting tourney in recent memory.
Just received a political robo call that said it understood if I was "flustrated" with current system. I don't think it understands at all.
No matter where u go u are what u are player And u can try to change but that's just the top layer Man u was who u was 'fore you got here...
way to go!
DMing #dnd for my 1st time tonight. Go easy on me, my fellow adventurers. (PS- #dnd feeds my love of #maps. There. I said it.)
Hope your well & hope to see you soon.
Marilyn Johnson "I love how yr not covered in billboards"
Thanks but I already emailed with you w no resolution. In fact, I think is a scam.
Pareto rule in action? 80% of mobile apps downloaded and then never used again. I personally prefer mobile-friendly websites.
My seven year old keeps it so real. No phony in her.
Anyone disrespect , the best analyst ur gonna have to deal with #SpursNation!
yesterday our class went on this trip and it was lame
great quote from my bud sarah: "to get ahead you gotta cut throat."
...Friend tubes? Or Volleyball? LMK
naw i comment on her pick saggy titties ctfu..she went hard then blocked me..bitch still aint get implants yet get a lift ctfu
Have fun today! If, by chance, there are poker shenanigans...take it down!!!
February 2011 Cell Phone Promotions: First Month Free!, FREE Activation!, You + 3 = FREE!, You + 5 = FREE!. Christopher: 602.573.4157
“: this nigga bit me” Loll
House music set me free! :)
went to tacobell first ave evansville in. forgot debit card Manager Chris Grisham and staff should be given raises for honesty.
Cracked my damn iPhone screen. Smh
Alex Will One day Be On a Huge Movie Poster!!!
just put "It's not the size of the bird that matters." into a failure report
I'm so fucking comfortable, but my bladder... :c
still grinding at the Superdome!
Join us for the Booze Crooze tonight! Starts at Sunday Cycles Bike Shop at 7:30pm! It'll be Fun!
ITS ALL I KNOW!!!!
Not quite the same offensive show we saw last night in the Rose Bowl, both MSU and the Badgers shooting under 30%
bummer! I liked having you at the fall one in dec. can you advertise for your Ed staff? 6-8pm. Just have them send me an email.
tweet her and dm plz thnx ima give you a shout out if you do
A folk remedy for reducing fever: make a strong tea from dung of the jackrabbit and drink it every half-hour. Who's on first?
Nice! What did you use?
Are you a #MileyCyrus #Fan? Then follow He's a #Dude who's a
SHOOT THEM!! LOL Just kidding! Sending loads of love to you Ms. NeNe!! You are #amazing!
First order of business - BRUNCHES
Woke up this morning on da grind
I'm going to Belfry this year !!! Not , Lenore :)
I can not form words today
Zumba, Yoga, Pilates, Studio Crossfit New Fitness&Dance Studio Superimpactfitness.com Register now!
me and are coming to the banquet
How is your sunday looking?
Well, at least the NL gets the win, even if it is the Cards. Cubs in 2012!
huge fan totally rocking it with class. Way better than the others .
did you see iit in Chicago????
God will decide which one works..
I will not miss the next opportunity.
I 100% agree with you!
I think it's like true an real
Watchn basketball wives
Pliny the Elder, right? If you've got Pliny the Younger, I may need to make a cross-country trip right quick.
Yess ! I wondered where my sweetheart went :(
Pens following the example of their captain, acting like total assholes. Way'n go Sid the kid.
Hey my twitter unfollowed a bunch of people, so I've tried to follow them all back.
Ive gotten to Memphis TN there was a guy on the corner downtown with an iguana on his shoulder - it WILL be interesting
I dunno. But hey here's the #. 571-213-6650. Hit me up!
Happy Easter, how is your day so far? 10
Historic #Midwest #crop choices = durable, storable for shipping cross country. - Mark Muller.
Try our newest bar: our very own organic Milk Chocolate Bar. It's absolutely delicious, and of course beautiful, too!
: "Thanks for the offer. We're currently looking into our use of SSL certificates." Let us know if you have Questions
don't hate on my man
Is the game on
buy a crappy house, fix it up and live in it! Let me know when you're ready! I got'cha a few here in Atlanta!
Foot hurts just as bad as it did when i sprained it last week... :/
Missed the first half of A Walk to Remember. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
I love the sun coming through the windows! Especially on Sundays.
Good night twitter loves! I hope everyone wakes up to an amazing day with lots of positivity!
If you rap or sing RETWEET!
tell all of your followers to follow me ok
Fair tonight !:D hell yeah !(:
Tom Russell Canadian Whiskey mpg
see u there!!
You are my sweetest downfall.. <3
and, my day is made.<U+2764>
going great thanks! sf > la meeting > denver...can't wait for one last run up in the mtns with / updates coming!
All the videos are finished and are great. Randy Rogan (), a true pro! Thanks for everything!
Connecting with my super over burning trees
I didn't get a dime why should I endorse it???
Caught The Green Hornet last night. It was decent Hollywood fun. Not an award winner or anything just good pulp fun.
What happen to maturity if your not gonna respond to someone let it be known don't let them sit and wait that just rude
Look out for Broken Kingdom movie, it rocks! If you use the super useful IMDb.com, you can track it - new trailer and campaign coming soon.
I wouldn't call it that. Thought you'd make a cool guest...Ranella thought so too...not sure now.
says, "Why are we still awake?" I reply, "There's a lot about Katy Perry's life that I need to know." Goodnight.
Being an only child is awesome, I'm not even gonna lie. Not because I'm a spoiled brat or anything but because I've learned to live alone.
since u can change the musical arrangement but not the words on a demo, do u judge the demo on the lyrics only or the whole package?
an outside company haha
Wow, The end of the world & the end of Slim Jim commercials. Too much to absorb
we are gonna celebrate 30 years of LA soon so you already know.
I don't care who the president is as long as I get my food. juice. partying.
Grassfield vs. Greatbridge senior night girls soccer game.
ready to get out your summer clothes? Ready for a great tan? new organic formula delivers flawless natural results call today 4appt 857-8278
Oh I've never seen snow sadly .. /:
In the dead of the night, shot past 2000 registered users... up, up, up we go.
Happy to! All the best to you too!
Take a little walk in the country with me<333
cant wait for Take Care! ima get it that day! who!
one of the nicest flows
100 degrees today. Spanish Fly pool is packed!
Working on this track with and !
What a week! #FF for these awesome people on the move
Us too! RT : Getting our #Foodiechats on in Miami!
i officially have no more braces baby!!!!!! My mouth feels so weird
yo thank you for rocking out tonight! You killed it!
Geeked up of them bars.
I love how you act just like your bestfriend does now that you aren't going out with her.
scary indeed families sleeping in cars standing guard at the emergency room. 60 minutes tonight was straight depressing!
Ladies named sheila piss me off
"It's been a long time...We shouldn't have left you with out a good tweet 2 tweet 2." Hey #TeamFreedom were back on twitter and we missed U!
thank you. Happy Mother's Day to you! Hope u are getting spoiled today. ;-)
will you be my long time guy?
Follow us onm Facebook!
DWade looked like he wanted to fight Kobe when they asked him about the foul in the All-Star game.
tomorrow is shaping up to be a great day! Steve-O, smack off, #SOAM2 , and facts! #eargasms!!!
Out-memed by the tumblr staff at #mw2012. It's on.
I think writing adequately about the Holocaust couldn't help but be intense.
watchin these bad aas children like really doe
Thank you. Happy to be included here. :))
"Library" connects us to the world around us, before us, and perhaps ahead of us!
Yo bitch gt no arms but would.swim threw the ocean 4 me and no legs bt still run threw mud for a mac#young little
shii i cuda came tuesday but was too lazy. ill c if i cud come next week thursday iA
What's ur favorite WWE Finisher? I have a few favorites. 1 of them is the Stone Cold Stunner
Make Sure you follow
Bob Barker taking in his trash cans stopped and pet my dogs. Yes they were spayed and neutered.
Ewww hotter than the devil's panties! !!
RT I wanna see you on DWTS next year! =) <<<shirtless
The Soviet Red Army struck fear in my heart when I was a kid. Nothing more intimidating in sports!
thanks! Glad you liked it
hahaha WE NEED IPHONES. but somehow I will let you know..I'm sure I'll have enough time though!
not that I have a stake in either game, but sucks to end on a missed kick. Sorry,
Retrograde ejaculation (ejaculation sicca, dry orgasm) is the propulsion of semen from the posterior ...
Where the H. have you been? I miss the crap out of you.
tell me about it. I was the assignment editor at NY1, blocks from Times Square & I worked that night
chicks from modern family
Missin the caddy, lol and man do i fucking hate ppl on craigslist
he will always struggle his hands are too big. His hands are like a 6'10 guys hands.
LeBron James would beg to differ.
Never get hurt when God takes something off your hands, it's sure that He leaving you empty handed to received something better.
I would take it all back
there arenno Ugh's in early morning workouts. Only woo hoo's
Another night wasted i might say.
#2011 bout to come to a close... N I'm still standin
i hope that Harry Hamlin gives me a free sample of Depends
Good luck MIAD seniors on thesis preview tomorrow! Can't wait to see what you all cooked up...
definitely it's been months since acting class for me! Hay maybe we could go see a movie or something? ;)
I had deduced that from women's use of unnecessary construction "I think that." Training myself not to, but accept social cost.
look to Dr. Ma Zheng, Henan University. She was the first PhD in Gibran studies in China. Publishings from conference to come
Defense please please please please please please please please please 140 characters doesn't allow me enough pleases please please please
Today serving breakfast sandwiches like you wouldn't believe plus the Parisian Omelet, Mulligatawny soup or Crispy Chicken and Apple Salad.
need hat for this weekend!
haha!! I like how the episode didn't drag out announcing the winners for SOO LONG like all reality television does these days.
We are seeking a #wordpress #webdeveloper to assist with our websites. Email us if interested
Audi vampires released before #superbowl. Worth a view once - good call playing on vampires
I just want to wake up next to you.
Two things I feel people should know. 1. Poppeyes chicken is the shit. 2. If you own a square etsy has some neat cases for them
So late but on my way to #duanereadevip!
awesome! :D
#show Magic Mike posted with White House Pic send ur thoughts
Off to mentor
Come tmrw I'll have short hair again :)
haha i agree!! Oh so what about tyler and caroline? Will she notice?
love is soo much more than just a word
I'd rather have a life of "oh wells" than a life of "what ifs"
we gonna spend a million in puerto rico now!
The economic impact of MIA (airport) is $26.7 billion per year.
thank you! :)
makes me want to apply for a research grant to study pooping and relief
Pound it
The first Harley Davidson motorcycle was built in 1903, and used a tomato can for a carburetor.
LMFAO changed his shirt!!
Just started using Let the addiction begin!
btw, great website on education in Chile!
stay safe brother, #Irene is nothing to mess with! She's a force of nature
My ticket is booked. Donna is booking hers tomorrow.
Every time someone RTs me, I'm like, "Are we friends now?"
Delany's book "Blake: Or the Huts of America" is a novel abt escaped slaves who go to Cuba & start a black nation
I Need A Reason To Go To Sleep Not Because I Have Nothing To Do But Because I Got A Family To Feed And We Don't Live Forever.
"Everything is always created twice, first in the mind and then in reality."
Firefighters for Labor sign in tractor window ... They're everywhere!
Klay Thompson and the Warriors will go for their fourth-straight win tonight against the Celtics.
Go big or go home
“: Who's not going to Love tonight?” Me lol
baby ill treat u like a princess<3 because i was raised by a real Queen :)
Category 16-b winner is WGN
Was up bro. We shootin at 5?
This Pokemon strategy site describes Gardevoir as the "sexiest Pokemon in the game." Competitive gaming, everybody!
Headed to USC this morning for 's graduation. I am so proud of her and honored to be here to celebrate.
and I are debating dark side and light side of the force philosophy. We are such dorks. :-D
Why are men like laxatives? They irritate the shit out of you.
I have one and love it! RT : I'm getting ready to mess around with this Kindle Fire...
Oh Better Yet Brooklyn Carter lol
a new sunny day has come and i gotta make new plans,xoxo :)
lol @ november...its turkey month and black friday month polos here i come
Miami vs OKC tonight =Finals Preview! #nbafantreat school on he needs the lesson.
I have to pack tomorrow B/c Im off to tulsa friday at 3:30...
Sometimes one middle finger isn't enough to let someone know how you feel. That's why you have two hands.
And talked to Merra last night
Great show + gerbil impression
hey criss! do u talk to those who have webcams too?
Get ready for #behindthescenesoneill it's one of our last rehearsals!
Thanks (: Nice Seeing You Sat!
Nonios, the No. 4 horse, is really thrashing in the paddock before Derby Trial. We are now 10 minutes late to post.
awesome, glad to her you enjoyed it! If you guys get one setup I'll do my best to get up there for it.
me and biag got in a huge fight. it was bad.
I don't get it?
Packed house at AFP waiting for Santorum in Milwaukee. at least 1000.
i though tmobile enabled 3g for some iPhone users?
Crypt walk in a flipflop
I swallowed my gum . . .
John Howe’s pin-making machine patent model, on display , is 1 of the oldest surviving auto production machines
I will be impressed if Carson Palmer is sussessful with the Raiders. Ususally, it is where the careers of veterans go to die.
Waitt!! Ms.Lee got her car keyedd????
My sisters are my hearts and brothers
Denver clinched a first round bye in the Sun Belt Tournament. DU will open play in the quarterfinals on Sun., March 4. Opponent TBA.
You should definitely go. The new Spiderman and the final Dark Knight look pretty good as well.
Ok just making sure RT : yes :))) just sayin
Steve Martin sticks out like a Boner in Sweat pants with Racal Flatts
If you're an artist there is still time time to submit to FreeTulsa! Over 150 bands will be there!
#simplyspoons is amazing :D
Man those Canadian NHL teams must be so proud. They are all home- while teams like Phoenix & Nashville battle it out.
keep in mind that what great damage smokers inflict on 2nd & 3rd hand smokers is hopefully the next step . monday the ads will commence .
RT : Today in 1885 Congress held a joint session, including PA Ave. parade, to commemorate completion of Washington Monument
I'm sorryy D:
Goodmorning!!! The only thought I have right now is gaining self-control.
I wonder what type of trouble imma get in today ?
i love you Scottyyy!
Nice. I've driven past that place a few times. The El Rey was pretty cool - good venue for a Gambino show, definitely.
I know right?!?!?! That's Kelsey and I are talking about!!! Haha I KNOW SO MUCH FOR US NOT LIKING THEM!!
Bitches Be On My Wood Don't Catch Splinters Hoe
I don't have MC on the pc can I get a boat ride instead :D
Virtual hugs to future medievalists, who are medievalists now. I mean: is there a test for this?
Boys Baseball Senior Night!
Infidel!! I was just watching Achmed on TV :-)
RT 44 of my Facebook friends changed their profile pictures. My life is fucking insane.
I was thinking after I sent that, I hope I wasn't offensive. Don't mean to be. Since we do, tho, we try hard 2 be humane. :)
the only reason I know you is because you followed me a while ago. We talked like everyday until you unfollowed me :(
1 final tomorrow and offically summer.
Going to shoot a show at Boston Neighborhood Network called #LalaLand and I'll be the #TechnialDirector #BNN. Get in touch with your show!
"Bless us Lord, this Christmas, with quietness of mind; Teach us to be patient and to always to be kind"
haha i know!!
How many does he have?
Yes, I know it too. So good.
beautiful day :) im not lucky im blessed ;)
well obvious.....
i thought you were somebody else! Omg so sorry!
It is so freaking windy out there. Crazy weather!!!
Sorry Atheism isnt our established religion. We all think our beliefs R reality. I thought smart people could disagree Hmm
Niggas not real
Wow #Titanic its been 100 years! Live on forever!
I'll email you the details. Congrats!
Finally starting to really eat again. Virus's stink... :/
Hope it turns out well! =)
Thank you for your support for this logical step.
awesome blog The thought of you ripping money just made me wanna throw up. Maybe i will just give away. GL
Dont commit suicide ! Please!
#reenvisioningnagel and a few clones of myself, then maybe I'll be able to handle it
actualy it's a #JUICE hahahah!
Teaching my favorite course at #CanSecWest. Awesome class learning interesting things about reporting and analysis.
HUGE Congrats to & all the rest for advancing to round 8 of #PFB2010 !!!
I miss you already!!!
I got a good night of sleep. Got up, played D3 for a few hours, stopped right before they went down. Been a great day. ;)
how would u like to proceed?
Haha, no. At work we did a Calcutta auction (wiki it) and they were one of the teams I ended up buying (as a package deal).
Pretend it's someone else then.
sustain a goal of gain bury the pain & wish it never got so insane lol we sure did make it rain.we had such a time even tho we so were blind
can someone explain what the disagreement is about? All we hear is it was an "unsignable contract." Why??
I was @ that show last night. Deniro was very quiet as always
I think this change makes a lot of sense. thanks for the update!
Excited for the return of the kid tonight? We have everything to make your party complete. Stop by and get your last minute supplies.
#somday will follow me. never say never
Gesellschaft would be familiar to people who played Mega Man Legends ....
my design for my hunger games shirt is complete. totally original. other fanatics will be hatin'. fo sho.
lmaoo my bad bro I forgot when I got home. Ill check now
If you'er interested in a Free Zumba class contact for more information!
he's my dad, so pretty well. _Emerr: AltPress Do you know Groundskeeper Willie? twinatlanticap
Geez, is there anybody semi ethical left in this profession?
Great job on the news. Do you happen to carry the new balance rainbows? My wife lives the asic gel 33's.
God I hope the 2 players are yuneske6 and hart
I need my lifelines right now. Annoyed. Irked. Anxious.
Damn, that sounds delightful. See you soon!
thank you so much for the RT!
Love is the key! RT: An open heart opens doors. ~
and all played amazing tonight!!!
Do it! Sounds like he's really really into you. I think you should go out with him.
Fall seven times, stand up eight. - Proverb
im finally on twitter! still learning the ropes ;)
Let's go spurs!!
heyy girl! Do you work this wknd?
you posting all your graphics from this yr?
IF YOUR NOT THERE FOR ME BUT I'M ALWAYS THERE FOR YOU MAYBE YOU DON'T MEAN ME ANY GOOD
This week is off to an amazing start.. Massage, chiro, gym, hip hop, friends, loved ones, and spontaneity
Can't sleep! Up thinking about ideas for the buyout! January is right around the corner... Stressing!
Got my I voted sticker! Remember when we all used to just vote and not judge other people?
No more drinks if I get tired of wine. I'll drink water.
pretty sure my sister is on something
For those of you that haven't clicked on the "Like" button on our Facebook fan page we would greatly appreciate your support. Just click o
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE REP role in Wesley Chapel ~$15/ hour email #resume to
What are your doing up there? The floors are squeaky as heck and your like running a marathon.
46 days until FL and the beach
Yet to be added to the site, but we could email them to you =)
I'll set a place for you at my table in hell.
it's a most no backing out we have to get on all the scary rides okay I just got pumped up talking bout it bro
Dont dip into my Kool Aid.
I wonder how AUG 5 , gone take place .. Mm.
Thanks, Michael! How did it go?
RT : : ?? What do reg. ed. measurements look like? CC:
wont be satisfied til i reach 7 digits
Having a good day so far, hope everyone else is
Do you file your own tax return? Keep us in mind when filling your return!
Greenfield annual meeting, being held in the auditorium. Much bigger than the admin center meeting room.
Tickets are still on sale, but hurry before they're all gone! It's on 3rd Sept! go to gigantic.com/bigbirthdaybash for tickets
yesterday was my birthday and u didn't say anything.it was the worst day ever
right next to chachi & behind Pauly D! Like when Pauly's on the screen, look to the left :)
lmao!! As long as ur safe! They left me in charge of my store today for 9 hours. Glad I didn't burn it down, lol!!
New York fucking city!!
then she must have something very important to say.
Lol.. Im not in love for the record.. That was a song
what up send me some pics
We will try to get to England soon!!!
He's your idol.
what's going Monday sis ???
Free financial advice Facebook is about to go public supposed to be $80 a share …buy buy buy
Confidence knows there are no unknown obstacles with God.
Game 3 in Salt Lake City #Spurs vs
consistency is the key to your success to your business or product ....if the consumer keep seeing it they will eventually buy
Plays will start during MLB season, sorry for the wait!
What are the #Broncos chance of making the Super Bowl now that Peyton will be the new man under center?
Dom, Now you need to make sure you introduce him to me so we can make sure he protects new deal....BD
I absolutely love the taste of pear juice. Why don't more places make and serve pear juice? (Theory: It is prohibitively expensive.)
I think you've been hacked
Thank YOU! Such great links today!
Sounds more like fun then work to me!!!
Thanks for the follows. Have a great week
Rested up from an excellent weekend. Looking forward to a great week of work at the !
Even more...you don't hate MEN! You like men to be men, to take charge, and do MANLY things. Girly men do not register with you.
is at the bar w/ Nick and friends for Nick's bday.
Glad to be your bestfriend meanie
tried some of your food Thai food and it was delish and the Quesadillas were amazing:)
I sure will! xoxo Thanks!
Skipping the weekly LOVIEE this week. It will be back next week. Don't forget about the Houston Fringe Festival.
Hope you liked it! RT : Missing Oscars excitement to see staged reading of Angus MacLachlan's Abundant Acreage Available
Looking like tonight isn't going to be our night. 6 sog and nadda. Ps that penalty kick was a crap call. Sad loss but much love to
If I die, a few people are going to be very happy with my 401k and basic and supplemental life insurance payout.
Rambo is moving to LA! #AprilFools .... or is it?
in bed, saving energy for tomorrow. Where r u?
Behind on all my thank-yous to my new follows. I'll get to them. But I'm dashing back to my writing work now. Just had to pop my head up. :)
RT : The language of friendship is not words but meanings. ~Henry David Thoreau
let it be
This Sunday is the Counter Culture Festival! (www.dcconspiracy.com) Also working on a new animation project and other freelance projects!
What's so good about picking up the pieces?
Tues night we were sitting by rowdy #Brewers fans w/our kids and the staff was great in calming the fans & giving our kids stickers!
SS Howell among Bills free-agent rookies - Buffalo News (blog)
Im Back
Never pay full price for a drink again! Happy hours nearly any time of day near u: www.gotime.com - and on your phone: www.gotime.com/mobile
not sure I agree with you re video comms being the future of social. no one uses facetime and video chatting is private not social
Napolian dinomite in fourth period. Just ready to leave.
here's to the mahomies who have seen austin grow up and love who he is.<U+2665>
I will be sure to right now! www.facebook.com/pages/Hair-by-Ashlei-Tabor like me on FB
I feel bad for the Arby's spokesman that he also has to sing the jingle. Like they downsized the TV ad and gave him more work.
thank you for everything. especially the things you don't know you did for me <3
its only a matter of time. You can do it!
no worries babe! i know lmao ! sorry :(
Check out Courtney Stodden's new single Reality on iTunes! <3
Big plans for me in the future
Value your relationships more than your pride. Because your pride will bring you nowhere. Love with all your heart and with all your might.
Keen-17 Christian TV has 5 churches on the air. They get it! Yet, There are more than 600 churches in Las Vegas. All I can say is it's sad …
I need to get more followers
Sitting in the woods!! (: because I'm that cool.
We're recovering from last night with jalapeno cheddar biscuits for brunch, you should join us. Brunch until 3pm.
Happy Cinco de Mayo!!
follow and please :D x51
I'm sorry for abusing you and
My iPhone is my life.
o well ok
oh, well I agree with that claim. Kids addicted to tv/video games & parents don't give them the freedom to roam like the past
Get 20% off ALL GO TREK USA summer small group adventures for cardholders for the month of April!
I think I want to get a #samsungnote!! :)
In da house of the Lord as usual. Possibly will b bck for 3'o clock services...
- Thanks for the follow!
2 more years of living in Texas and then I'm going to move to Cleveland! It's going to happen.
would be melted... Way.
yes I had a blast Saturday night! Good seeing you...have a great week and don't be a stranger! Love ya!!!
Today I met my first american friend in south america from Fort WorthTEXAS.. :]
is not a powerhouse.
Way too tired and don't want to work today
After sleeping on it, I don't want to waste any time hating on Weeden. not crazy about it but it is what it is. should be a fun offense.
Love wins every time and we still fight it.
Hello new followers. I appreciate us sharing our thoughts, links and other stuff. Thanks
LOVE YOURSELF,THEN YOU CAN LOVE OTHERS
#Follow Back
ant nothin wrong wit it lol its gone take care all yo problems
Great passing! #Badgers 's blood pressure is up right now!
Great watching #kodm on iPad from comfort of home on #springbreak. Thx & frnds! Q&A for is fascinating.
You are a perfect little angel and don't you forget it. And thank you, it was nice. One more birthday dinner tomorrow night. :-)
1.5 titles. He inherited the best team in the country for that first one.
me son.
Seeking Friendlier Skies
: She splurged on orange drinks!
Just saw your beautiful but sad self on the news :-( love you big time and hope everything works out for the best xoxo
Quote: "Aye Lemme Tell You Somethin Real Real Quick My Flow So Crazy And My Flow So Sick"!
We will be there. Looking forward to hearing u guys ROCK it out! (:
sandy of all youre years in the majors, what was youre favorite moment in youre playing career?
I know! No one can get enough of me;)
Whos Starting An Album!?
Dear John, A Walk to Remember, and Hannah Montana The Movie are on.. WHAT TO WATCH!!!!!
Ah, Brian Eno, Land of the Minotaur. Thanks, You Tube. ;-)
Feeling conflicted about resume gate.
Love that airport!!
Just copped a Fifth of #BLUEDOTCÎROC for my cousins. We bout to Celebrate
#CompendiumInnovation begins again! Kolaches to start = win
Because of what you have just shared?
95 degrees today in Vegas. Everyone come on out here and enjoy this weather. And bring some money. Please?
Cannot stop laughing at #Justified. the writing tonight is great and unusually hilarious. what a great idea to star dewey crow in an epi
I admit, shiny, artistic covers are something that can't be replicated in eBooks. I guess their schtick is multimedia/transmedia.
You would think so. The Mob clearly doesn't have controll over the airport.
RT : Beat the drum loud (and long) enough ...and you'll be heard...
My mind is everywhere but where it needs to be.
Did someone say DJ Flex?
Are you a "sales warrior?" Then you're a douchebag.
How Do You Tickle Yourself -_-
#ATL #Atlanta #karaoke lovers --> Follow us on Twitter -->
congrats to on a well deserved contract extension now on air getting ready for the kiss 10 at 10
love it!!! When will it be released?
sure that would be great! Maybe Teaism?
haha. Profanity laced words.... in a deadsilent office mind you.... its good foreplay to hoping for a parkinglot brawl
RT : The more you think about problems the more you see and the more unhappy you get. Seek solutions.
Adams: McClatchy's legal fight to get C&P data led to changes in the VA's FOIA system
nice! Got a friend who lives there... he loves it! Congrats man. Just another reason to make it out there some day.
Awww thank you so much gf I miss u SO much!!! We must reunite soon!!! <3 xoxo
me too. I didn't know I wanted to go until I started reading all the tweets
Thanks for the FF!
I guess what I'd like to see is stats that show what percentage of an MLSs subscribers use #RPR that much
Friday to Friday - Corvallis Gazette Times
what happen to the tt ! I have nothing to laugh at !.
#4FamousWords I got the food.
HAPPY.BIRTHDAY TO U. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO U. HAPPY BIRYHDAY AUSTIN. HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU!! Hope u hve a great day :)
awesome event today luncheon! thank you for always bringing the #inspiration!
No. Sleep. For Lindsay.
Getting ready for the wknd!
Featuring Win free DiGiorno pizza Listen @ www.whipofcords.com
If you get lucky, you'll get to see the finished product
I want to see The Dictator.
sounds like a sample from daft punk? maybe?
If you have a strong or high energy breed of dog it<U+FFFD>s advisable to keep him mentally stimulated and well exercised
can gay guys follow u? cuz i swear i speak female...
As a preliminary step to the real practice of good will, let us simply recognize that imperfection is our common denominator. -Manly P Hall
Don't be afraid to be unique or speak your mind, because that's what makes you different from everyone else. - Dave Thomas, Wendy's founder
Went out with new friends last nite. So fun!
I LOVE shopping for my family and friends for the holidays~~~
This weather will get you sick. Bundle up today!
Who's theme song is that!ted dibiasie how ever u spell his fuckin name
This couch is just too comfortable. I wish I had Jeti power to bring my computer to me. I try the force but I sink more in the cushions.
I live in a fantasy world where I create the whole damn show
Starting my rap career.
sometimes i forget my last name while in the process of writing it
Smart artists connect w/fans, give them reason to buy. They dont need "protection." The unadaptable deserve of nothing.
You're Mexican? Ahuevooo! Gringos .l.
Can you name a broadband network that was built without government help? I can't.
Just picked up some propane for you guys tonight!! :-)
I love that NSO is performing Sibelius so much his music is moving and brilliant. Thanks
If you're working on a gluten free story, let us know. We can help!
7 walks for the Giants. First time they've walked 7 times in a game since Barry Bonds walked 7 times in a game that one time.
Hey there. Not much new here. I'm still heading down the neverending rabbit hole that is learning DSLR video & photography!
thank you!
If the White House Correspondent's Dinner is nerd prom, then #PowerPlayers Jeopardy has to be Homecoming Week.
I could on & on... RT : If the power goes out I'm going to scream like a tiny girl because I hate the darkness
I'm in LA until Wed 4/18 : (
"I believe one of the hardest things you can do is conquer your fears, but if you have a goal,
Who like Raquel?!!
hahah I love it :)
happy 4th of july twitter family =) should be makin it home this afternoon!!! Pool party then Tempe Town Lake to watch the fireworks ;)
You have to kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince.
Wow this kid I went to high school with legit looks like a serial killer now <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0096>
Sunny day in NYC! Good morning everyone!
Nice seeing you tonight, boys. You rock.
thanks! have a good one yourself!
alight I'll be there in a jiffy!!!
My SU degree is in Pol Phil and I have a JD from CUA in DC, where I specialized in communications law. And it is a great org!
weird stuff is happening
Wow tysons now has a combo mcdonals and citibank. Didn't expect that brand duo
Quit hitting yourself, quit hitting yourself!
Seriously black honda civic!?! U wanna have road rage at 4:30 im the MORNING!?! bAH!
My birthday is in exactly 1 month :'(
Flyers didn't skate at all at the end of that game. Didn't deserve to win.
Review of Dimensions T^n Thus Far
gets to see dance during Michael Jackson: The Immortal Tour this Friday here in Pittsburgh .. I'm kinda jealous
Great, thanks now I can't get the image of dancing in the clubs out of my head!! Happy Leap Day :-)
#GoodNight all, gotta long work day tomorrow:-/ gotta make that money
Lord Almighty God, I am yours to do with today as you wish. Only please grant me courage.
Oy vey. My call log does indicate I called you. ;)
I'm thinkin of a Masterplan!
haha... i think he's dead ! like your frog that fried ( ;
Ok You rock your rep...which is #awesome !!
#FOLLOW Please!!!
Wow! We just checked them out and that would be quite the duo ;) Thanks for the info!
Life is what we make out of it
Keep on dreamin even if it breaks your heart
That depends on the source of the definition. Nearly all survivor orgs call it rape. Legal definitions vary.
I cant even eat a dam 6 piece wing....
mykel :)! Cool seeing you today!
why does your name sound so familiar?
srry i kept going back to sleep. My nite sucked
No more Mr. Semi-Nice Guy.
Hotel pillows feel like I'm laying on a cloud
In 1961 Stewart Udall became head of DOI and demanded NFL Redskins integrate or risk eviction - their stadium was on federally owned land
blue moon is pretty good...don't be sad about it :)
Little Carter is fighting 4 his life. Help us support him and his family www.knowledgesafari.com - click blog.
Italian Wine class next Wed June 8th 630pm $30 per person! Call the cheese shop at 612-278-4422 to sign up!
nice story by the king's speech director
RT : running into all of the amazing people I've met through Suffolk university.
Atleast ghost adventures can keep me entertained.
..oh :( RT : being real, i be having so much fun just chilling alone i could give a f less about a friend. I'm just saying
I swear, I have risked bladder infection for avoiding some disgusting situations.
Time for 10pm milkshakes with yeah its that kind of day.
''&&we'll become silhouttes when our bodies finally go''
Congratulations Matt Kuchar on big win at The Players Championship! Legendary performance!
nah not yet still in class rite now
hearing michael kay's voice just makes me happy.
Don't underestimate the power of corporate synergy.
It Begins! Pumped for march madness. Working from home has its advantages,
thanks 4 another gr8t season!! : . says: I'm so sorry about #TwitterJail wanted to be w/ you until the end!
Your at a WW on your day off!?
#Packers backup is best possible situation for Colt McCoy. Tailored passing offense, low pressure behind Aaron Rodgers, under Mike McCarthy
You're not fooling anymore :P. That does look kinda cool though!
Summer come faster. #Please <3
graduating papers & projects are due today. I wonder how many will be sent in just before midnight?
RT : “Imagine a world in which every person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge.” -
Havent talked to you in ages :/ * sigh*
I know i'm guilty of this but white ass girls should not be wearing snap backs
Augustana Football on TV in Texas? Gotta support the Vikings!
her hee I'm so sorry!!!
Thanks for the RT!
" butt-naked "
Speak when you are angry - and you'll make the best speech you'll ever regret
Well the basic plot? Facebook screws up peoples lives. :)
Md and the moron forget about Little Rascals and the US army mascot of WWI
#ThingsThatGetMeUpset that one guy
Getting ready for #legalchat - joins at 11 am ET today
Nope, not just you. RT : is it just me or r people not using the conf. conn. like they have in the past?
whats his twitter?!
Less than one week until #RECon12...are you ready?
thanks!!! No problem! :)
Through all the pain I still can smile . <U+2665>
would agree a pause in conversation also warrants a listen RT : It's "Call Me Maybe" time. Just been that kind of day.
Thx RT RT : is a great person for you to meet I'm ATL He is doing his thing
I graduated high school 20 years ago? WTF 2012?!
Start your own vegetable or herb garden.
who Rule???? Raul Ibanez rules as he gave the Yankees a 4-2 lead with a 3run homerun
If using brain power burned calories I'd look like Kate Moss... It's still sore from all that thinking yesterday
RT : I hate when people say "HBD" as happy birthday .. people that say it like that are lazy af ! (never heard that b4!)
I love that movie! :D Its hilarious Ive seen it like 3 times
You guys are a regular Christmas Satan.
#latinos when was the last time you conjugated a reflexive verb?
ion know we pulled off.
The Middlesteins by Jami Attenberg! When can I start reading?
Tomorrow is March 1st... And you know that means!!! March Madness is right around the corner. Can't wait.
That fire you ignited good bad and undecided burns when I stand beside it your light is ultraviolet <33
Looks like has a copy of Picturing Personhood, which I saw listed on your Good Reads page. Can't wait to read it.
ever thus for human avian relationships. Even Zeus when incarnated as a swan had problems what can a mortal pigeon do!
Our teacher brought us cookies & milk, & now we're about to watch a movie. PERF
She said it, not me! (but it's true...) MT : ... is a wonderful place to publish. Such smart editors!
It's gonna be awesome watching all the youngins trying to stuff their vinyl in their laptops.
twins. again.
Congratulations Florida A&M on your win!
"You miss 100% of the shots you never take."---Wayne Gretzky Have a great day and I hope your weather is as beautiful as it is here in K.C.
Pumped for the Mpls #verticalendeavors Grand Opening Nov 12! Headed to St. Paul to get my climb on tonight in preparation.
That shower >>
Had bubble tea for the first time yesterday. It was strawberry and
“: any acts you recommend for students from this year line up?” check back when our lineup is complete. Thanks!
alright, we'll do it next week.
Lmao! RT : “ I Want To Go To The Rock Hall Today! And Find One Of Them Sandwich Stands Downtown”fat
thanks for the follow!!! :)
gotta be bayside for fireworks #4th of July
It's real simple, if you don't love her and treat her well, I'm going to.
Belinsky notes that collaborative storytelling can identify a stronger truth by utilizing a holistic perspective
This constant sneezing <<<<
Guess I'm not original. :[ Didn't think a lot of people knew it.
Hi my friend! Wonderful to hear from you! I look forward to reading it. Send it to Keep smiling!
Teams asked to notify the if times or days of football games changes by emailing info to . See updates at KUSI.com
Stay hungry. Stay foolish.
Did Obama just make the election a single-issue contest? Bigots, please step to the right.
ya my family is huge yankee fans so we try to take a trip to at least one new stadium a year
J-E-T-S JETS JETS JETS.
thank you! Have a lovely day!
Teachers: " Ok everyone take out your notes! And try to keep up because I speak as fast as Busta Rhymes.
Sleepy goodnight
For as much as they charge, nothing should go down EVER..remind me only to do business with people of QUALITY and REAL service acumen.
$17 billion is a big difference and means we'll most likely have another budget crisis as we get closer to October.
Good god. Really?? That's just dumb. RT : Jon Jones is being compared to Muhammad Ali ... sigh....
do you know if we'll be back in time for 5th block?
Dude. "Gothic metal?" I'm not sure that's what MMs fan base is these days. But thanks for tweeting from the show
wow you have a lot of official people following you. this dude that produced for soulja boy actually follows you
The interruption quotient- are you creating a need. Are you getting attention.
lmaoo! this baby just farted! &it wasnt like a non audible baby fart it was a full out loud as fudge adult fart! thats nasty..
Talkking shit ? (: god ! I hope you choke ^.^
you can sell it for more than that
Hey, I heard youre looking for a girlfriend... Is it cool if she's Brazilian too?
Bladensburg public history workshop April 14, 7:00 pm, Anacostia Watershed Society to feature Battle of Bladensburg experts.
This was a "get through it & be done" match. Serve was crap. Berlocq couldn't pass him. Games were played very quickly. Tiny limp.
I love it when i run out of songs to listen and go back to Miley Cyrus, hannah montana,and disney channel songs and i still remember them xx
's Shawn Amos will moderate a panel at the Global Conference today at 11am on social entrepreneurs.
Mandarin Oranges are deelish.
Gotta ask -- is the profile pic YOU? If so, I have a friend who runs a gay leather bar in FtL...maybe???
watched hoop it up today like a boss.
Current status: Snackless in Seattle
get it off of his soulders.
Why do banks have like 20 windows, but only 3 tellers? Mean tease! U already know you're going to have 3 people working; build 3 windows!
i'll give you one if you make me a copy of that mix tape
Heck Yea! :D I'm stoked!
The warmest possible welcome to our pals at and the very best of wishes as you begin this exciting new chapter. Can't wait!
Guess I'll get ready for work now :-/
why are all my thoughts sexual?
That final "strikeout" was awfully questionable. I still don't think Ryan swung at that pitch
I got my mom a kindle for mothers day
This city is totally gay for Benjamin Franklin. And cheesesteaks.
Check me out youtube.com/gregtellis314 and subscribe
#tympani pedals bass line with #tabla. Three three minute #improvisations. Repeat as desired.
That's not to say that I wouldn't sell for a ridiculously large amount...then I could accomplish my goals another way ;)
he's being so sweet today. Totally cuddling and hanging out!
The tongue is the pen of the heart. Psalm 45:1
Thanks! Let's connect again next week....
Thanks for following me. I am following you now too. I'm single. Meow.
You should definitely hop on the Charm City Pedal Mill for a bar crawl through Fells Point, Bmore
I know they lost but they got those last threes
May the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows
oh well, I don't think I'm going. Haa.
Definitely two of the tops year-in and year-out! Are you aware of our radio show that actually streams out of Ohio every Thurs?
MT audience comment: "all digital preservation is physical preservation"
"Ordinary People" + "Lost Without U" is swoonworthy.
Was mistaken for the photogs asst at a wedding tonight. Treat your vendors right.
"Argumentation and Debate" or "Persuasive Writing and Speaking"?!?!
"best revenge is massive success" -Cosby
#Maxum deadbolt gives you assurance that your keys are fully protected from unauthorized duplication
that rat better start getting a salary & benefits; he's there longer hours than I am....
Ghetto ass nigger boy...I listen to rock, and I'm from the country. I'm not ignorant, or black. Good job.
good to hear its been healthy, more of it should be happening everywhere.
Love Is Just Another Four Letter Word!!!!
Maybe for Christmas I'll get myself a new alarm company...
Mariah Yeater could be filed for rape since as she claims "when they had sex" Bieber was a minor and she wasnt. What a dumb bitch.
SUM THIN GOTTA SHAKE
News leak: Joe the Plumber to receive endorsement from his twin brother, Mr. Clean.
#ff Def a #horror read worth doing! x sexy stuff out there...
im more pumped for 4/19...
I wonder who she gets that from? hm
The hiring sign outside Starbucks shows a bearded white man. Then a BWM was cleaning the bathroom when I tried to use it. Same man?
Happy #Humpday friends-- May you have an AWESOME Wednesday!!!!
nice seeing you last night.
I just read the first 2 Sookie books. Super fast, fun reads! And I love the show...
since i cant sleep i guess i will get up & get my day started...have a blessed day everyone!!
no prob! she posts lots of easy cool patterns all the time - and a lot are free. it's worth checking out
What the fuck was that?
at the flying carpet cafe 19th and poplar
went to a barcraft. I just wanted to watch some starcraft games and drink beers, but instead I went to a room full of misogynist nerds
that moment when you know your fucked
RT : CANNOT put down #MyTwoMoms by . If you haven't heard of him already, you will soon!
Exhausted! It's been a long 6 hour day. Especially after being out sick most of the week...
You can text me tomorrow. 202-277-0802. Or just flag me down if you see me! Red hair. Long sideburns. Hard to miss!
I dont need to literate... Books dont make money.... ipad best prices
All 4 were really performances; lyrical, sentimental; valuing "useless," "fleeting," "lo-fi" & challenging multimodality.
That's my catch. I absolutely can't afford school. At least not until I either turn 24 or start making more money.
List me #whores LMaoo
oohh yeah tomorrow is like a friday
Kevin will be playing Fountain Square this Sunday with the fabulous Vito Emmanuel. They go on at 7. Get there!!
ITS FRIDAY!!! CLUB DOWNTOWN IS WHERE ITS @ TONITE (FILMORE & CENTRAL) FREE PARKIN! $4 U CALL ITS ALLNITE!
if your looking for retail that is
~ Our pageant is June 13th-17th in Orlando. Love to have you join us!!
$ELEV looks like it could be one of the absolute hottest plays this summer. Why? Today's news speaks DIRECTLY towards a HUGE summer.
I'm all Matty's tbh(;
Ditto. #mnleg RT : This is the most unbelievable news conference I've ever seen at the Capitol. And that's saying something.
BrownRiceFamily performed at Messiah College in P.A last nite and that shit was Bananas, B.A.N.A.N.A.S.
I'm happy you guys are alright! :)
Excited to see if this one sells out, plus the Yankees are in town which will usually draw a crowd at Kauffman. Fun sports weekend
Idk If Its Just Me , But Some Ppl Be Gettin Old To Quick ..
Some days, my job is unbelievably great. Today, for instance, I'm spending my time reading Arthur C. Clarke and Asimov & calling it "work."
DOE Completes Field Test of Methane Hydrate Extraction in Alaska
I miss you too!!:)
#Wine Fact: Wine is produced by fermenting crushed grapes using various types of yeast.
- Have a great night!
Happy Birthday to Joshua Redman (43) and Joe Sample (73). You'll hear some music from both of those birthday guys on 89.9 FM today!
OMFGG! You are? Good for youu! ;)
You may not like to hear it, but Erin is your weakest link...at least from the audience perspective.
GO GIRL!!!
Ladies - rethink "borrowing" 50 shades of grey from the public library, unless you want a designer case of the herpes
Wait hold up wheres my ipad .. Both of em ?????.
Enough with the Winehouse jokes already. Have a little respect.
Yay. Bend It Like Beckham in Geometry <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>.
we just talked about random stuff haha we talked about his accent, my accent, hahaha
let's hope so--the American Spring? It's been a long, long winter # OWS
I'm not a Tannehill fan myself either. my feelings echo yours. I'm really high on DeCastro at eleven.
Music I love it so I tell my flow. Got my
Booked a voice over for a Brazilian documentary :-)
Marina & The Diamonds "Primadonna Girl"!!! #totaljam <U+270C>
never too old for good music!!
Can't wait to "see" you! Drop by the booth to check in.
thank you sir!
Walk up in this bitch with a hundred grand, two rollys on my arm another hundred grand.
Loving the new #Metric song
It might be time to blow the roster up. That means Mauer may need to go. He obviously doesn't make this team better even when he's hitting.
trying to complete my weekend recovery cleaning. only 45 minutes to go.
Project pecs
wassup ! You're a cheap date dude.
Watching it. Love Exta Innings on DirecTV. Omar Vizquel still plays!!! RT : bottom of the 14th Hate free baseball
follow me
Awesome! You just made my morning. Hope you're having a good show ;)
please post! I missed your talk and am still kicking myself for it.
JLo is going on tour with Enrique? Nice knowing you, Casper. She'll be banging that boy by June.
Celebrate Family with PEOPLE LIKE US on Brothers and Sisters ...
"this girl! RT : aw<3333 i miss you too. thank you for being great"
Kinda wanna buy a bar.
I hit follow limit then twiiter told me each account can only follow 2000 users unless you get more followers, it let me follow 2001 :)
ahh you're the closest Arianator I've ever talked too lol but I will deff cheer for you :) and mess with Devils fans haha(;
I'm going 2 sleep so goodnight :)
Take the keys to my heart and drive me crazy.
I Keep Myself In Check Thank Youu -_- RT : Dimple keeps the team in CHECK!
Today is #ThomasJefferson's birthday. He introduced waffles, macaroni and anchovies to American cuisine.
my bad bro hell yea!
song go hard
I got "Young Stallion" instead of "Punkass" today. That was pretty neat.
As soon as we can get rid of our keyboards and mice, we can also say goodbye to our cubes!
Well, you've always got the, "meh, forget IE" fix in hand if need be.
The Houshmandzadeh, Palmer duo is back! Watch out!
No shit! proposes to in the middle of a Dupalcon session. Makes for an interesting Q&A...
HUSTLERS LOVE ATL because their humor and smiles are infectious. <3
Back in LA, now its time to face the jetlag.. -JetLi
yea they can get pretty big but im kinda short to lol
you need to go to the game doesn't look like many people where there. #Brewers you have 3 more chances
That's right. GW is The Decider. Judges are merely deciders. It's really quite simple.
RT : Happy World Blood Donor Day! Celebrate by donating!
Y all of sudden I can't wear my moccasins to school hm?
On the InfoDesk this afternoon... nice to be back in reference - it has been a long summer! :)
all you need to know about the Nevermore Jazz Ball is that we love St. Louis and we throw one hell of a kickass dance event
this picture is for me and only me.
I admit it. I am powerless over creative pursuits. I am a junkie with no desire to get clean. You do NOT want to see me dry out.
PP BOYS LETS PUT IT AWAY
What's everyone doing for the superbowl tomorrow? Any predictions?? :)
“It sometimes happens that a woman is handsomer at twenty-nine than she was ten years before” ~Jane Austen
Blue raspberry (;
Good luck to 's Alma Mater, , as they face off against Vanderbilt in tonight's #NCAA matchup! GO CRIMSON!
I'm trying to go to #vegas for my 21st bday. Anyone have the hookups?
I hope had a great birthday
That is so cute! I want one! Lol :D
Sometimes i feel like i never had a mom....
My family goin in lol can you say gin
Well, our staff is teensy at the moment. So if you know anyone who wants to write, kick 'em our way.
Great workouts today bro, way to give 110%. Can't wait till arms tomorrow
How you feeling chica? Do we need some DM time?
I wonder what chief software architects and enterprise architects do at other Fortune 100 companies.
Shoulda been washed my hair already.. Im being lazy as fuck right now
Why me and my mom just cried together is beyond me. RIP mamaw and grandma <U+E023><U+E519><U+E519>
everyone of course , but you :(
RT : is time to go to bed and chill. maybe order a icecream from the room service and sleep...tomorrow we play against Canada!
Just excited to get us all prepped for Chicago and make the pilot the success it deserves to be! RT Soon she'll be running NBC
They should put #Braun and #Hart in :)
&& did just text you hoe .
Don't let chubaka get the ball
GT Events is at CES! Look for the slick guys and gals in tuxedos and dresses!
"Competition is a matter of spirit, not strength"- Guthrie
thanks for the mention, definitely give us a call!!
Soo frigging bord need more texting buddies !
"The interface just works" That's like the magic words!
the internet has turned into the place for both information and misinformation, more than ever one must question everything
Can't wait to see and Mark Burch today.
Fair enough. No argument there. I live in Kansas. :)
Had a great Mother's Day today tnx to kindness of hubby's ex-wife who ensured I was included in today's gathering with all her grown kids.
Fascinating evening listening to talk about his passion for collecting records, and the stories behind them, at
My mom just called me and asked me if I wanted Burger King or McDonalds, uhm okay :-)
Wearing a Buzz Light Year band aid....
If u don't know how to drive in the city then don't fucking drive at all..
My mom is so trippen
I'm not even close to half the people I was close with last year and at this point idec , it's their loss anyways lolol
There is an iPhone ap for Directv DVR. Pretty handy...but if you have and iPhone and DTVw/DVR, you already knew that.
u say it bruh FAKERS!!
ah some relaxing time before i have to be the mom taxi...soccer ...vollyball man i tel ya hecktic
Looking for data that indicates what states lead in edtech. Any ideas?
Limited defender. Plus hurting.
is there any other way to spend it?
i was talking to this large mother she home schools her three children
RT : If you want a quick snack before class!// : Merlindia sails to AU for a late bite ~New Mexico & Nebraska, 2:30-5:30pm
$10 will get you $20 worth of food and drink at Bobanna's in Waukesha! Head to www.crowdclick.com to get your's!
Good Morning Pittsburgh! Did you know today is the beginning of the Chinese New Year? Tune in to #PghTL @ 9am for a 'New Year' surprise!
lol nah I've been sleeping & sleeping & sleeping -__- I'm still sick
Working my sisters job while she can't >>> #bankin <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00B0><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
No matter how hard I try not to get spaghetti sauce on my shirt, it always fucking manages to find a way there.
RT so are you pimpin...or counselin man-hater hoes? inquiring minds must know...
What time are you playing Thursday? I'm finished around 10:30. If I get out in time will try to head down.
Awh, well I am glad you are reading my blog still!
I know u better than u know urself, LOL!!!
Website update coming soon! We've incorporated QR CODES! Find FREE DEALS in your City via Text-in for instant coupon, or SCAN the code...
No new REEL to Reals?
I will say, the new voting machines at the SD Registrar of Voters are pretty cool! Touch screen, easy to use.
#Soyuz delivering 102 tons of thrust
Update! Construction on the new tennis courts gets into full swing at Ellenberger, Douglass and Krannert Park this week.
Keep up w/ these fine composers
Posted up in Cali
although if Someone Saved My Life Tonight came on right now, it'd probably be a toss up between that song and the onions...
I'm sorry colts fans I'm gona buy me a Denver manning jersey cause that's how much I love you Peyton manning :)
Why do them lakers like dat
Heyy Garrett!! Hope you are great!!!
if you're not you should follow & now...great peeps...
"It's easier to make great strides than small advances"
yes! In LA & SD if you wanted to come down. I'll Email you.
RT : The next 50 ppl who follow will be entered 2 win a $50 gift card to Jake's Restaurant! RT for an extra entry!
#fail on the hotel, Maps, # fail on the route.
My MLB season goes year round, but I'm in the minority
ruhroh! Sorry! I hope you feel better and can rest. Can I bring you anything??xx
He who desires but acts not, breeds pestilence. ~ William Blake
oh somebody got in trouble!! Oh
i hope you stopped eating then lol
Good idea; I'll put misspelled form in a note. (It's clearly a typo, since the normal spelling's used everywhere else in book.)
Apparently going to be riding on a plane with a very bossy little girl. Who, so unfortunately, speaks English.
no, seems to be clear here. Just a short bit of excitement. How about you?
Here's a provocative idea: if everything a museum does is education then is nothing education?
season is over in November. I'm glad they overacheived in the first place. Collapse is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
This makes me ridiculously happy. California!
you're joking, right?
im disconnected from you :'(
Signed up for my LAST fall semester classes! I see the light!!
I guess we're all pretty self important when you think about it.
I thought about way to much last night .....but it'll be alright (:
"Hatred eats the soul of the hater, not the hated." -Alice Herz-Sommer
When people just SPAM SPAM AND SPAM <<<<<<<<
Be prepared and research your ideas.The more prepared you are when the doors open, the better the chance you and your business will survive.
See you all at in less than TWO days!
RT : I am more than my circumstances; I am the powerful creator of my life.
“: Big ups to keeping it cool down in Miami. Good guy right there” let's get it in
Kardashians spotted downtown. They'll be working the game. The world's largest jumbotrons will be supported by their asses.
Man I hope I get a mayday basket :) that was fun when I was a kid.
Injustice could be eradicated, but human conflicts and natural limits can't be eradicated.
omg my mom is such a bitch I hate her! Like even when she's being nice, I hate her.
One important feature of Twitter is that I'm not supposed to feel like I have to follow u just cuz I know you. You're thinking of Facebook.
he has no other choice haha
Point taken. (There is probably an unladen swallow joke in there somewhere but I am too tired to think of it)
Thanks a lot! May i ask...who's the one on your icon?
You're never more comfortable in bed than when your snooze alarm goes off for the fifth time and you have to get up.
lol but you love the brothers though
COLDPLAY CONCERT TOMORROW!!!!!
So disappointed in myself.. #SOsad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00AA><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
the amount of unnecessarily large umbrellas on the street this morning is astounding, seriously people
Northwestern bball has just missed 9 of 10 shots but football just signed Kyle Pratar. Go Kyle. Go Cats!
I'm liking Roger a lot more since he dropped acid.
#Raw is incredibly lame for hosting the muppets, like really...
Loll !! I just to ask U <U+3002><U+3002><U+3002><U+3002>R u a silly guy??haha
There's a reason you have been dreaming of teabags...
I like that
jealous!! Hope you have an amazing time in Sao Paulo!
's cover of You Da One is my favorite song from #AngelsAndGentlemen <3
girl b E.z I said I appreciated the concern..
Ah. So close yet so far...
Fun fact: Mitt Romney attended Cransbrook Academy in Bloomfield Hills, Mich. Same institution as Papa Doc of the Free World clique in 8 Mile
Plato - When there is an income #tax, the just man will pay more and the unjust less on the same amount of income.
If I could get one of the scholarships, I would. Next year.
Missing my bestie at school
Kant wait to hear what u wrote
I'll have to look for that next year
And i get to go with my loves!
It's the weekend, ladies and germs! Made plans to come see us yet? We have awesome deals and crazy steals all the time.
Most definitely!
a rut
Now partnered with Butler Tech Police Institute. www.policemountainbiketraining.com
Must not, I agree w/you RT : Do coaches not teach to curl off screens anymore? I don't see players read their defenders correctly
Bought a beautiful dress to wear for my BFF's wedding in January. Thank you Macy's. And seriously, it looks gorgeous on me :)
WOO. No school tomorrow & Fridaayyy. :)
syllabus for the Interp of Artifact in Age of New Media course we tweeted about earlier is now done. You should take a look
Going to school.
Quick detour for #Starbucks. Wish it were 3pm for Frappucino Happy Hour! Better grab a latte
I need to go to sleep
Looks like Jay Cutler's protection failed him again, because Kristin Cavallari is pregnant
very cool, Nick!!
as in "we don't need your stinkin' reviews"? There's gratitude for you.
Love to tell people 2012 will be the best year for humans it will be the year 2012 is going to people a loving good year for people to live
Sitting in srt knowing you have work to do but ill pass and stare at the wall.
nice work Drew, love the Barbershop logo!
Betancourt, you suck
Good morning! - Steve Tj Jesse Keenan
Yes but needs a dash of Pinochet “: #DRC: new PM aims for 15% GDP growth in upcoming years. Can he unlock its potential?”
O.M.G I AM GOING TO CANADA!!
fuckk that im literally just sitting here.
I hate that every time your name lights up on my phone, I fall for u harder. But everytime my name lights up ur phone, I'm just another girl
Thank you all for getting me #OnDeck. Now to work & add imagery for my art portfolio...
marketing isnt magic, there is a science to it-Don Zarella
I just want to sleep.
Okkei then don;t xD but thank u btw ... :)
I'm back! Hehe miss me??? *evil grin*
aw wanna chat? :)
i love wale's new album amition. the songs i love the most are sabatoge, and slight work
so over this wedding project
GTFOH!! White guy robs the Five Guys in Georgetown....I mean they do have good burgers...damn....BOLO
"Children are one-third of our population and all of our future"
I remember my first FaceTime
The canner is officially out of it's winter hibernation. Cans of Louie's are coming off the line today!
Coffee was good, yes, and very helpful!
I feel naked without a phone...Leaving my charger places just isnt cool
haha no joke!
Where is it?
Testing, testing.
<U+2752> Single <U+2752> Taken <U+2714> Metally dating my crush.
It's so pretty outside this morning!
#808Pride i dont no how the poeple who make dirty tweets have more folllwers than those who keep it real :( come on
can u please follow me back!! I would make my day! :)
wow! Are you done with the program or just for the year. Congrats either way. YAH bless!
I'm still going to eat my feelings in cereal, but they are a different kind of feelings now.
Clemson star Watkins arrested on drug charges
A RELATIONSHIP WILL NOT LAST LONG IF ONE OF YALL DON'T KNOW WHAT U REALLY WANT! !!
I'LL FIGHT YOU FOR THEM
what are you talking about?
I like it when people are nice.
Confession #9 I like attention sometimes but on a realistic tip i wanna be cuffed mfs just ain't worthy
As a food pro, what's the best food-related April Fools' item you've witnessed?
Whats your favorite form of entertainment , plase keep it PG! thanks
Oh man, it's those a-holes from Texas!
Share out notes with students in docs and give them access to comment - great side discussion takes place
It was 6:30 am church, so he may have been like, "Nobody's listening anyway..." Or I could've been way groggy, because again, 6:30.
So tired. Nap at 10 at night.? I think so..(:
Enjoying the Ville, with family for a long weekend....waiting on any good CBJ news. Come on, Jackets!
Use the code GOBBLE at our shop to get 20% off your order of $75 or more! www.etsy.com/shop/fosterweld
Has anyone used the DocScanner Mac app? Need an int'l travel scanning solution. Reviews please...
Every black person gone BBQ today
Being a creative entrepreneur involves seeking and embracing the beauty in all that's imperfect. -Me
UGH!!!! FOURTH TIME FOR THE GEICO COMMERCIAL!! ENOUGH ALREADY!!!!
Sweaty. Hoping the rain stops so me and cloves can go for a hike ("hike")!
which is why I am bringing what I am bringing for you on Saturday...
aw shucks, how are you lady?
would be sweet. Especially if I could skype from work!! Haha that be awesome!! Set up next to the cash register and watch me work!!
overheard at Indiana Statehouse on last day of 2012 session: "That bill is deader than Whitney Houston."
Can I come? RT Don't worry concert will now be in 19A RT : Too bad Hurricane Irene is gonna ruin it!! RT ...
the things we do for Austin<3 lol
As I guessed, lol. She's also gotten a lot of speeding tickets.
It's definitely part of the neighborhood!
Jay Cutler was not invited to the Play 60 shoot. Appropriate.
#WeDontMissSelena we really dont I love however made this trend(;
hello. i am sitting down at 's house. exciting i know. follow me
I refuse any type of customer service that requires me struggling to hear
Poor captain eo
We're excited for big BIG things happening with #CabralEdwardsMGMT in May! Stay tuned all month for details :-) We're so excited!!!
come on CARDS
Thank you for noticing! Have a great weekend!
haha well I'm sure he didn't want to make the drive alone, when will you be back?
Wolf Cub, this is War Eagle. Over.
The consciousness of loving and being loved brings a comfort and richness to life that nothing else can bring.
it all good sugar britches!! as long as your not out offering people bible passages
Steve Jobs' calligraphy teacher courtesy of Sumner Stone. fb.me/IEvkFNnv
hookah! That's it, after i run this race, I'm treating my clean lungs to some tasty smoke.
#Roy-Bhattacharya, The Storyteller of Marrakesh. Scherezade mixed w. Rashoman in exploring the disappearance of a foreign couple in Morocco.
Welcome to the twitter universe, now we have a whole new way to connect ;)
excellent pens game so far. excellent first day of classes for this semester.
Wooden shoes too? Black paint on the bottom, quick ride to get cleat alignment line on paint then bust out the nails
Didn't think about that. I'll chat with her during my next appointment.
Not feeling this Vince Young shit.
wow! That was actually the first song I was taught to play on guitar!! (: oh memories..
How do you change the perception of libraries from consumption to production?
Woohoo! You're the bestest :) I'm still gonna hold you to meeting up one of these weekends!
How is a telephone like a dirty bathtub? They both have rings!
Your only obligation in any lifetime is to be true to yourself
Country music puts me in the best mood before i go to sleep #<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>+<f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B5><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B8><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00A2><f0><U+009F><U+0093><U+00BB>=<U+263A>
Having fajitas and chips and guacamole and salsa with NinNin.
Everything that shine ant a dime
On many levels, yes. Data models may or not be as complex, but render-ability over time huge issue for both worlds
Happy Monday and Halloween, all! Hope everyone had a spooktacular and safe weekend!
RT : Maria Gomez : For every $1 invested in services $8 are saved.
Lessee: God takes MCA at 47, but insists on leaving Justin Bieber to continue to foul the Earth??
how should i begin this hoppin outta benzes jumping on this track like a mofo gymnist.....
omg....its hella tiny. ABQ here we go!
Happy birthday to
I let people learn the hard way.
I don't run my next race til after 3 <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
I hate everything. But mostly myself.
Everything is so surreal..
Never met Nick Collins but heard he was a good guy. Sad news. Best of luck to him and his family.
horse hockey
Mark Cuban just yelled "This league is fixed!" Both LA teams advance to round 2.
Got a new drill video coming this afternoon...
be nice
at least im not like ian, who licks the air when he burns his tounge.
Hearing scary noises when in bed in the dark <U+E406><U+E40B><U+E401>
And now the 95 is close cause a car went agains A train guess who won on Hollywood
There should be transparency in donors to campaigns.
fleet and broadway
Ha! Yes.
There is only 1.3% of Latinas in Congress w/
I guess I'll go to this Syracuse game tonight and see what all the hype over the 2-3 is about. Syracuse is a
Why is everyone so fucking upset with me tonight? <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
just fuck with the galaxy lol much better my nigga
don't even know. Deleted the email.
Finally get to leave the hospital. But nana had to stay.
CELTICS!!! Already missing my boy, Posey
The carrot kimchi I made is finally done fermenting. It looks and smells horrible, but it tastes perfect. Success!
Sounds good!! Ill make sure she is hungry. Then she will walk circles in the kitchen :)
FOLLOW ME PLEASE PHILLIP! Your voice is great! :)
I don't even notice anymore.... sigh
I know it's such a conflicting character. Now I'm thinking about it!
Two words that would never be in a real cowboy's breakfast: gourmet and berry.
Loving all this buzz about webfonts. I can't wait to see what they come up with!
“: I FUCKING LOVE MUSIC!!! yes im yelling it. sorry.” I CAN'T HEAR YOU!!
We wanna see ALL of our Miami fans at our show at Sunset!! You get a discount from Hot Topic!! AND we'll be selling 2-song demos for $1!! :D
My AE undies are starting to be big in the waist :( they are xs. This is an issue.
Today in the design studio, we're learning all about Bob Barker's famous "skinny microphone". It's work related. I promise.
I've been alright... just not much to say.
okay, i seriously am going to die, i NEED my phone
"This is the death of the mind." -- critic Harold Bloom in 2011, on the increasing number of Yale graduates flocking to business careers.
I'll pass through it again on Saturday. I'll do that then.
Need to find out if majoring in international PR requires taking a language
Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one; Helen Keller is the other. Erma Bombeck
Thank you to actress for being on our last live Tuesday episode of of the season!
My class is being observed and filmed today!
back to twittering
U r damn skippy, it's #CaliforniaRepublic all day everyday. what's Game?
is going in on about Newt Gingrich and his ex wife's open marriage confession interview. Get em Tamron.
Megaton got paid!!!!
lapunknoir.com buy a tic and see us live.
If the police say someone is "legally intoxicated," what's the problem?
doing well. Nothing to complain about.
nice tank!!
Any man may be in good spirits and good temper when he's well dressed. There ain't much credit in that. ~ Charles Dickens
Happy Birthday !!!!
Great music every Thursday night now with Hek Yeah! Set begins at 8pm. Check 'em out!
Early evidence has surfaced which shows that the "Block The Vote" strategy is unfortunately working in Florida
I'm <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A5> I miss my dutchie
Everyday i fall deeper and deeper in love with him no doubt about i can be his one less lonely girl
this is like being in disguise.
To do that, you must advance change, take risks and accept responsibility for making change happen
I always feel like an outlaw when Bon Jovi's "Wanted Dead or Alive" comes on the radio.."Regulators, mount up!!"
I hate to report it BALMY conditions and WARM continue for Portland... The weekend is looking the same! Dayton weather improv?
Man, I was hoping you were gonna say LET IT BLEED.
That's amazing Dale! Yum
a coug jumping out of a cake?
Another HOT day in LA?
Thank you for the follow! Have a terrific weekend.
thanks for the add
isn't nearly as excited about The Watchmen as he probably should be...
haha to bad I wasn't! I miss you all!
Well of course Kansas City. First #BernardKing, now #MarianoRivera. CC:
Do you think a stripper would care if you payed for your lap dance in rolls of quaters
Omg I know:( It's insane!
: Sometimes I like to put peanut butter on my thin mints. Don't judge me.
I've been REALLY impressed with Harren's work in this series. And...snow scenes with blood are just always cool to look at. :)
Doing my homework in the middle of the night, because I was too lazy during the day-.- #blahh now I'm sleepy:(
I think these Greenbay #Packer my have a good season in the #nfl # understatement
I'm bout to
Yes. Wrong.
fuck you, fuck everything we had, fuck the memories, fuck the lies, fuck every time i said that i loved you, just fuck it all..
ripped jeans and a skoal ring #mykindaman <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
"Your brain should not work like a Microsoft product" -- nice line from new AALL Spectrum article on organizing your time.
Video games increase visual processing speed/perceptual reaction times w/o decreasing accuracy = enhanced mental rotation abilities.
I'm literally talking out of my figurative ass.
Hey gang, still on for Thursday? I just signed up for 4b in CX this weekend. DO IT =)
We get a lot of chatter about our "glass walls" between the shower and bed. What do you think? Sexy or scary?
RT BRA I love when women pass on good guys cause I used to be one n now I'm free to be an asswhole
Oh, that stinks. If I come across a nice quality video of it, I'll tweet it to you.
Do you know anyone that wants to drop 2-3 waist sizes in 10 minutes with permanent weight loss? No Surgery, No Diet, No Pills, No Exercise?
don't be sad dude
- Nice. Use a condom next time.
Was just offered Marcus Camby for Jason Richardson. Would you do the deal if you need rebounds/blocks?
Nobody cares what u think...
It is kind of lol but you still should. Are you going to make a video?
"The very discovery of the new world was the by-product of a dietary quest." -Arthur M. Schlesinger
MY BABY IS HERE
Going off 4 now... donno when im coming on again.... ;) xoxo michelle <U+2665>
Beautiful day, weekend off rugby , and dolores park for some afternoon picnic action.
and Barbour wants Sarah Palin to run too
"All is well, everything is working out for my highest good, only good can come from this, and I am safe." - Louise Hay
not sure but it burped at me
Dirty Red and the Soul Shakers TONIGHT at 9 pm till 1 am at Whiskey Chicks! Don't miss it #Bricktown!
Nice to meet you today fellow panelists! , , , & Premature
Where is my head today? Locked myself out. Forgot garage & car key. Running late!
Planning a trip to Portland/Vancouver to see family and friends in June. My Uncle from Britain will be there. Always good 2 see him! G'nite!
Okay we got your point the first time! You don't need to keep preaching it? Especially when your doing the same thing
When should I talk about disabled child to nondisabled child? Disabled is 7 non disabled is 5
TBR will not endorse President Barack Obama for president! Considering write-in candidate or independent candidate! TBR
TWEET THE LINK I am so readdyy!
Conversation between two 3 year olds! I love the kids at my job!
If you were on Survivor, you'd win. Hands down.
shout out to my new follower! :)
so now i guess you would hate in austin mahones gf too. Bitch be jealous! He has a girl
idk txt me it
I'd rather be anywhere than here. , rescue me?!
I need to get back to EPCOT.
Thanks, "I've had a lot of time to think about it (forgetting Dept of Education)." Perry: Me too.
Me too! > : I want a reason to use my passport this year ... Other than "I misplaced my license and I desire a beverage..."
#courtneylove needs to put her daughter's interests first. Which means first of all no more ranting.
If you get your money tree to bloom, let me know....I'm such a sucker!
Hey hey heeeyyy!!!! For sure!! Will do!
I remember watching your "pretty wings" cover on YouTube! Saw your vid on 106 #PraiseGod! Congtats!
yeah come by. I work till 4:30pm tomorrow
Going to church, later watching first episode of #jerseyshoreseason5! Ahh love them! =)
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. Sir Winston Churchill
We're gonna keep lowering the Blow-Out Prices until it's gone! Stop back in again, you won't be disappointed!
HELL YEA
I need to find more people with the same music taste as me. I like a lot of music.
Playing with my heart
It’s great not having to rely on travel agents to find the best deals for flight tickets, as one had do 15 or 20 years ago
what's up my Lil brah
that is my prediction for world war 3... The invasion of boy bands
that would be awesome!
didn't get an email!
I wish you all the best. I have given up that road. It's been time to move on... Just wish I had known that sooner.
well just a call between me you and Lokey. We need to get organized.
Math gives me a headache. I mean that literally. When I'm solving math problems my head actually hurts.
Could ask you a question & could I ask for a follow?
Nothing every feels right with u anymore .
Will save one for u! But hurry, going fast! :) : YUM. Can we have one too, please?”
Aston can u pleeez send a DM 2 my friend , its her B-day on wednesday. It will mean the world 2 her. Thanx ;)
follow me sugar butt!
just had an awesome take.
... and tomorrow at the Met Museum!
Best shopping advice I ever got. Don't buy clothes you only like. Buy things you love. Will not only wear them more but feel better in them
You live in San Diego?? ;o haha well it beats the ordinary :) I'm from ep tx, but ill be outa here soon enough :) wht about u?
I love you so much and your so cool
e-portfolios replace testing? Has anyone had experience with portfolios being a part of testing?
boys who can dougie, mainly because I can't
why sure how about a picture beautiful!
Here is WA, we also have the "BUT" (back-up test) in case of security issues. Good times to build a but.
Sweet dreams tweeps! And some dirty ones, too!
Nice to meet you Sharon
Great new concept in food fusion: Mexican Sushi. Gonna call it Mushii.
Love is weird
The bowling alley is actually playing music that isn't crappy
hahaha dude I can't help it ! #skinnypeoplewithhugejugsproblems loll
Just made a Twitter, and I feel like a sell out... Lol
The Veggie Table: Homemade Almond Milk
Hey! If you like mindless Behavior then follow me and I will send all y'all and autograph and q picture of them for you
Happy hauntings y'all krazy k in the studio with d-man gonna put some ink down biatch
you should text me matt :/ im back home for good 845 527 4598
Hope you get to check out the Super Bowl
On the way to Vancouver for
its like kodak has been asleep all these years! talking about resting on your laurels!
neither do lion and tigers lol
or assholes are just spat on their death bed...dont u want good things said about u?
i know i was ctfu!
My computer's motherboard is dead. Sending it back to be fixed. Without computer for a while. Boo hoo. Sneaking peek at work. badme!!
Niggas rap about the block but I'm on it....IF YU KNEW IT WASN'T REAL THEN WHY YU WROTE IT
is an automatic #hater of Google + because he doesn't want to incorporate it into his business model ..
same here my friend
the jazz gallery is OPEN today from 12-5p!
it was a pleasure to meet you tonight!
like a boss! ..that was a bad ass video
sorry, all. my smartphone battery died. :(
don't worry... we're picking some one randomly for the first 100... then 250... then 500! All inclusive!
Thanks ! cheers to your weekend! let us know where your Vinchee will be joining you
this monday is Birthday i cant wait
Bacardi on Friday named the former vice chairman of Procter & Gamble, Edward Shirley, it's new CEO.
No guts no glory.
i need new music for my spotify playlist!
Pretty sure I would fall on my face if I tried this.
Gonna make some mashed #butternutsquash tonight. Missing a few ingredients, so substituting other things. We'll see how this goes. :/
glad you like :) excellent article and well worth sharing. Huge fan of your thinking.
About to plank In biology lab again. Even the professor is wobbling.
Someone come dance to #BeautifulLiar with me!!
Oh. My. Goodness.... Im in Heaven... Today will be an amazing day!
Today at #SVnewtech: - biz cards, - build apps, - rate foods, - rate games
- Where You From.?
has had a change in wedding plans...we are now having a small destination wedding in Hawaii with a reception to follow at a later date.
Robo Signing created a slow down in foreclosures, I'm interested in seeing what comes of it, once it catches up...
I'm grateful that I can be a daddy and not just a father. But in doing so, I miss out on some things. Better this way!
Restaurant Refrigeration Bar/ kitchen Equipment Sales & Service 617-792-3350
Wow. And I thought I started young!
i do not want this
What does #Kanye, Kris Humphries and Reggie Bush have in common? Check it out....sobcity.com
Love it! RT #FPRA media panel was great - good info & #PR ppl to friend & follow. Gotta love #networking!
Great talk going on at www.FocusSociety.com join in on the talk .
I know would be well awkward lmfao, don't think it'd ever happen though!!
follow back please:) thanks
At Midnight Madness
Today marks DAY 1 of my #Vegan experiment. After a month of being #vegetarian, I've upped the ante. #VeganMay! It should be a thing.
Laugh. It's good for you.
What? Your job doesn't involve extensively googling the cast of Pretty Little Liars? You must have taken a wrong turn somewhere.
$FBCD "The merger is done and we WILL NOT be late in filing the 8k. Hope that clarifies everything."
The Leading Business Weekly
Wow - again!
very true. Plus they don't know phone numbers by memory
Well you caught me when I was out of the states in Jamaica! But now that I'm back, splendid. How about Philadelphia?
ok... i have a Y membership for nc tho i should be able to use it tho
lol rite only a white person
These bills are stressing me out right now :/
Damn, impressive work by Myers.
the 3 worst pains of my life are hitting my funny bone, stepping on toys, and period cramps! >-<
That mix is jumpin'! RT : Goodlook Bruh Let Me Know What You Think
when hanngs out with me <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
#ThingsNotToSayOnAFirstDate Wanna see my Prison Tattoo? It's really nice.
I was lucky and had my own espresso machine...saved me plenty of times
Im just tweetin stuff (:
brrr! Thank you for being on time!!
I feel stuck between a rock and a hard place...
wow. That was a long drive! It's nice to get away though, if only for a day. How is everything down south?
Hey Kastles Fans! Retweet this for chance to attend VIP luncheon Thurs at 12 pm with in Downtown DC! Winner announced 5 pm Wed.
No, but I'll check it out. Thanks!
I miss you, seester!
what kinda cars are they, my mama live out there
See? I can't even tweet. I meant to say, "I should jog blog now, but too tired." See how tired I am? That's because I wrote about 2500 words
3 Social Media Lessons for Global Marketers
He can sing tho
Need a repair? We service all makes & models of swimming pools & spas and we have the best licensed technicians in Western Washington!!
Writing a book proposal: taxing, tedious, and terrifying.
not from there but I had an incredible breakfast at Toulouse Petit near the Needle.
2012 is almost near.
Mormons do ;-)
Haha, what's going on at "Central High School" today? It's all on my TL!
Last week brought #wisconsinidea to Washington. Next week, the #wisconsinidea seminar bus tour!
The point when people you know became the people you knew.
Haha, Thanks :) It Was Like The Best Tweet Ever!
I think I'm not gonna buy new bag. Save money la huh.
#zombies - have other gov agencies-other than DOD-used a similar ploy to attract viewers?
Sign up for the #MMA Conditioning #Dallas e-Newsletter here: eepurl.com/fttW2
Thanks for the follow!
R my tweets like invisible?!?!?! My mentions r SO dead! :(
Sounds like forcasted weekend winds are getting firefighters a little nervous already.
Good instincts usually tell you what to do before your head has figured it out. -Michael Burke
I just got shocked but I got up, and I didn't spill my beer
Maybe they just don't know that librarians can help with that. I would remind everyone b/c u never know.
Regrouping from prostate cancer..watching ...This is it..Micheal Jackson
This coffee tastes particularly excellent as a counterpoint to my Greek yogurt with chopped figs and bananas.
I almost. Hate u now tellin my business i wouldnt tell yours or dog u dats a bitch move
sounds like it! I'll have to make some. Thanks! :)
thank you for spreading the word about Bowling for Boobies:-)
#ThingsNotToDoAfterABreakup = completly stop caring about his/her feelings.
Need a smile for today? Check the link for a blurb and excerpt that takes you back to kinder, gentler times. www.willowmoonpublishing.com
But of course ill be on home field. And he wont even be there... lol.
No potbelly today :(
Tonight I discoverd that adding Rose's Lime Juice to a Screwdriver can vastly improve your evening
Thanks ever so for the mention!
Do you ever do something just to piss someone off on purpose?
Did you get a ticket?!
What's a Hoosier?
Retweet if you remember how kickass Museum Madness from MECC was growing up.
okay good! Do you have them now?
I just saw somewhere that it's National Coffee Day. That would explain why I'm on Nespresso #3 at 9:40 am. Oh wait, that's every day.
Off to Sing Sing for a rehearsal this afternoon, then to 's play tonight.
Cotto wins that round 4-4 love the body work from cotto
Chicos, I hope you're having a great time at the #VLPowerSummit! I want to hear all about it when you get back! :)
I just don’t buy the idea that consumer expectations and industry practices around privacy are converging. Quite the opposite.
i hate people who are miserable all the time
who puts on that event in SD?
Our district continues to be plagued with poverty and corruption. We Cannot Stand For This Anymore! It's Time For District 2 to Elect a...
Nook time before bedtime. Reading The Hunger Games Trilogy.
RT I would like #USMNT squad numbers to be announced so I can go ahead and order my shirt!
if time is all we lost. I'll try it!
Follow Your Dreams!!!! If you want it go and get it! #Legally Lol
not really haha what did you have in mind?
watching battle of the old point guards: derek fisher vs. jason kidd
I see u startin keep doin ya thing. Helpin kids in need i see you.
I want to go to concerts this summer. Why do I like country music now...now when I was working for it?!? Haha
wow, 6 minutes crunches is worse the second time.
cleaning and i'm now aware of just how many books i have. a lot.
A prudent question is one-half of wisdom. Francis Bacon
RT This is my glass of care \_/ Oh look, it's empty. | why did this tweet make me think of you immediately? Lol
exsqueeze me?! I am not obsessed. haha I have certain obligations to use social media! I could quit if I wanted to. I could!
2omf had me TURNT UP last night :D
The entertainment of tomorrow — today - St. Albert Leader
The ready set is in the philippines..i wish i could just fly to my home country:(((((
you clearly haven't watched on demand in a while
Sent to me by a FB friend, I like this. Find your place on the diagram?
you're quite welcome!
I know. People claim to be celebrities all the time though so I just wanted to make sure.
you don't actually tweet
#10ThingsIFindAttractive when a girl doesnt have to put on a ton of make up -
thanks lady...means alot.
LAST FRIDAY NIGHT
I can totally make you the best n/a mango frozen drink. With strawberries, too.I'm gonna have to be creative for porch time!
nope just launched two weeks ago.
Another institution that belongs in the "too failed to be big" category...
I don't know about you, but I am obsesed w/it! He is so crazy - like a fox!! go !
Crunch. Time. Almost done. SuperPumped. FORTY SEVEN NEW TUNES!!! That's crazy!!
" A good leader can't get too far ahead of his followers. " - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Thanks! You just answered the genetics question!
How are you making a difference? Looking to connect with philanthropists/non-profits/volunteers.Together we can make a difference!
First day of school for my youngest. Just started 6th grade...and so proud...
1 week till I can go back to having a life
My body is aching, i have da worst migraine, nd i can barely breathe..damn dis cold
Totally obsessed with . She should be my manager
It's cool. Our main priority is you guys, the customers. Just trying to help...
some cunt mate
Hahaha! He is acting so nonchalant.
videos like this make me even more confused! sleeping on it....
Good morning #DC ! Head on over to LiLLiES in #WoodleyPark today for our $7 sandwich&salad lunch special or later btwn 5-7 for
Even tho I can't make it to 's concert I will never stop supporting him, one day he will be Doing a world tour
I bet! You seemed amazing at it.
Sorry about that :)
NYC: Who is your favorite acting teacher? Reply and win a seat in the Barry Shapiro seminar this evening.
You know what they say about great minds! I chose my subjects before I even saw your response :) Also painting a tree.
Drexel has personal librarians in their Commons- a librarian is assigned to First Year students-concierge service
i'm really dreading this weekend ...
I want to like you Larabar -- but I just don't. I've tried.
Last workday of the year, and it is going to be busy preparing for 2012!
i make one croquembouche a year. lucky david, louise, jan, jerry, terry, and susan get to enjoy it tonight!
Gleeking at its max!
...were working on it, but in the meantime you have to come over to us and enjoy them!!
hello im seeking out internet marketing pros to review my new site, www.ebookviralincome.com
"I have to pee brb.." "EWWWW!"
Vanilla coke zero is actually pretty good as far as diet sodas go.
What is the #beerclub BOTW tonight? Also, how are you polling in the lordship race?
aight. I'll tell him in the am. It's 4am right now
You take away the pain and I thank you for that.
Just a warning to everyone, im prolly gunna look like crap and be crying on monday. Lmao. Justa heads up
im just a wild child and my city is my playground
Funny running into people u knew back in the day who thought nothing of u and end up bitter when they find out ur doing better than them lol
One of these days I'm going to log *everything* I do in a work week. But I do not really have time to write a novel.
Didn't get to hug nearly enough #wiunion peeps today. Expect random attacks all week. #_huglife (watchout )
I don't dislike Demi, I'm just not a fan of hers. Ya know? I dislike Britney a lot though, so I'd take Tulisa over her .
safe travels Rob!
2nd goal in two games for Torres!! Beauty of a pass by Kalou too!!
<f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6> talk to me, talk to me, like lovers do.
Random News: Madhuri Dixit to be brand ambassador of Neesa Basmati Rice
it was Follow Friday. Did you get any new followers?
omg perfect! How r u n the ?
take me home.. im all yours
11:11. Ya gotta love it bro. is probably my favorite person ever.
I keep on wondering where got her sunglasses, cause they're fucking perfect.
no comment on the 1hr late twitter re:tsunami... The station should subscribe to the usgs.gov earthquake email alerts...
ah. i see.
Want a free month of virtual office services? Davinci is now offering just that at select locations in Las Vegas. Call Christie Julian today
Time for raw!
but really im just talking to the air bout this... =}
ROFL! RT : I give Tebow 3 months in NYC before he's photographed coming out of Jay-Z's 40/40 club with hookers and blow.
ERIC OH MY GOD LOVE ME
this some bull ima leave then come back
Nothing like sitting down and drink a hot tea(x
no -.- my mom wouldn't let me lol
Combine concepts like smarter commerce, smarter planet, and business analytics, and you see how IBM can change the world.
Then the fun begins....LOL!
The Pitch Street Team will also be here with Swag bags tonight. Get a chance to have your picture appear in next week's issue.
#Sixers should bring in AI as commentator...
Wishing you all the Pleasures of the Holidays - filled with Warmth and Blessed by Peace.
Lmfao we're not! Nobody fucks with us anymore <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
#Mammoth from at the top of the hour. No rain delay here! Nice and dry inside.
CAUSE GIRL YA GOT STYLE, AND THATS WHAT I LOVE ABOUT YOU
Do all things with love. - Og Mandino
“Nobody can do everything, but everyone can do something.” – Author Unknown
"Don't it look like baby cupid sendin arrows from above? Don't you ever leave the side of me" Nov 9 '09 ....
Good thing steelers drafted another pothead from Ohio State.
nice...hopefully its nice out for it
Kristen and i are going out to breakfast.
heat mite win this game.
Aw, Thank you. *Smiles*
Happy Marathon Monday #Berklee kids!!
My parents don't give my brother a curfew cause he's a boy.. Kind of shit is that?! I had one till I was a junior in hs <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>he's 12
Let me guess...you saw Inception. '-^
i know what i said and hes cody simpsons best friend
Fuck it. I'm gonna make me a burger and some fries
You know your hungry when you know the fridge is empty but keep checking it hoping some foods just gonna magically appear.
I heard ur birthday went well. Good luck u silly girl in furry pink hat:)
A captivated audience watching the #stopkony video here at
RT : #touch is about to start, West Coast! RT if you're ready for a great episode!
Where in the world did this day go! Last time I looked its was 9 am. Busy, Busy, Busy.
The most important part of a plan is the planner.
- well, you have me too but you should still never compromise yourself. :)
RT : Join us for #GlassChat this Thursday, 4pm ET. Guest host, will discuss trends in design and color!
today was amazing
i gt u caniqua ;(
Today is Ralph Ellison's birthday. "Invisible Man" gives rare insight into what divides in America and is one of our greatest novels.
Don't try to blame him!!! What kind of friend are u!? RT : Ayooo RT : iAmMissKarma Jim hacked my page
Happy to have called a Big Comeback by Ridgewood in Girls Lax on MSG VARSITY!!!!
To the more timid souls: Live freely and fully. Before it's too late.
Dolphin fan just jumped into the tuna net.
Randomly sitting in Washington Square reading a WC Fields bio I found. Any NYC friends in the area?
Kickin it bac on da twitter wasn't on in a while buts ways gud fellows & ladies??????? :)
's current favorite song "One More" by Superchick on their " Rock What You Got" album...you should check it out!
Lets pray!
You didn't invite me? How neighborly.
The DMV is the worst place ever, there's so many people here
_|_ How do you say Fuck You in french ? I want to say that to a couple of ppl.
RT for a shoutout! (must be following me)
The #Bears traded Tank, Cedric Benson and other "mugshots" in the past, now they may have added another.
You know your friend doent smoke #weed when they text you "are you smoking Cush?"
Well, it wouldn't be safe to say that to my family up here! LOL
haha ya I am... Well Vegas, Monroe, Portland, Sonoma, Roseville, & Phoenix at least! Maybe Albequerque!?!
are you coming again this year?
I Started following you for the GB Droppings. Not what you'll be turning into to droppings. Bring on more GBDs!
I think in the morning or early afternoon
I'll have you livin like you should
Make sure to remember to smile for your mugshot... #WasFramedOfficer!
Personally, I obtain much inspiration from the small but mighty group of
Bruno Mars - Just The Way You Are [Official Video]
2011 fades-Long corporate career ends. New goals for 2012. Will give my all to transition to stage performer. Encouragement appreciated!
As someone who's lived in 8 places over the past 9 years, I know how you feel.
for sure! #Seniorsrule :)
It's easier to see the mistakes on someone else's paper.
i falling on the floor ..
yes, what "Cool things" are they doing with public health data?
Thanks BU, you guys are amazing!
uhh what happened to us working out 3-4 times a week together?!?!
Hi Fb.. I need a referral for a reputable commercial cleaning service here in Jacksonville.
ill be back the 24th then leaving the 25th. We deff have to chill on before I go to KY!!
since you're ask'n...
hit me up man.
(: how do you do the heart thing??
I wanna sail at sea
What's going on in Cleveland tonight? Thinking about dinner at and catching at the Improv sometime this weekend.
Just heard You Should Know on the radio and the part of "down on you in the theater" was changed to "dine on you". Oh yeah, that's better.
The Pettitte 50% sure testimony was a big + for Clemens. Juror ?s seem to show that Hardin is making some points. (cont)
Then come the lights shining on you from above. You are a performer. You forget all you learned,~ Shirley Maclaine
using for the first time and having a great experience! Love it that i'm able to just ping the engineers of a product to ask a q :)
omg you guys would be soul mates <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C>
I miss you a lot, but I'm glad Angel can keep a smile on your face ^-^
felicity!! End of season two is getting crazy. Wtf.
Excited for my first game of the season tomorrow! #CubsSocial cc:
Did you know having fun is good for your health? S/He who laughs, lasts. #doitbig #
Hope to see everyone down at the ComicCon this weekend! Come stop by our booth!
ALLY! NO! STOP! i've been there before & let me tell you, it's not worth it! please, please, PLEASE stop! )': </////3
Coffee sounds great. Hanging with all of you sounds fantastic!
Your freesyle raps are amazing! I saw one on youtube.. it was great!(: Like, you should be a pro! I love it!<3
we cool aren't we?!?
What can't Anthony Davis do?
I need to buy two bikini's one all black and another one with design for the beach & Photo Shoots. :)
I only threw 75 pitches an my arm felt like it wasnt connected to my body the next day. Going to throw again and see where im at.
Food Network #Star premieres at 9p|8c Love you G but I'm #TeamAlton & #TeamJudson all the way!
well fa-uk ya den i was jus askin
Best sauce for grilling alpaca, the winner is garlic, delicious! Learn grilling tips and more this wknd
Congratulations to Jess for becoming the world's first rapping hobbit. Love you :)
When is it? We can craft something up.
I love helping a lonesome msoe kid get drunk for his 21st birthday at dukes. Mexican christmas tree shot equals blackout!
I am trying to be
Now, a giant badass-looking Crowgulloon on the top of my Space Needle would be the shit. I wonder how much would charge.
Soccer hooligans- beers of England tasting tonight in the bar from 5-7 for $25 with passed appetizers!
bitch you ratchet...lmao that was funny though
as i end this huge expensive bottle of beer think back on all the sips that got me to this point cant i get a whoa #beerclub on 3. 1, 2, 3.
I just bought the URL, everyone else deserves the credit.
Imma stop hooping to come battle u. Who u think u is... Goldberg....
And we're off!
Thanks for the retweet! Enjoy the weekend.
another crazy twist is how dukie became the new bubbles
REMINDER: Final day of Registration is May 11. If you haven't done so, please submit your film asap! Time is running out.
They've casted the actor for "The Jeremy Lin Story" and it's...wait for it...Ryan Gosling.
No judgement! Just don't show it to his prom date. LOL!
Looking 4ward 2 have an awesome day at a music video shoot followed by a Legs workout <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
10 ugly men in Rochester. Nice time. Now the rest of the night.
what's good 9?
"I dont care abt the very poor.."Let's focus on jobs(I don't care about civil&eco rights of that 5-10%Gay,mere 15-30million)
The CADD Lab should be cool. "Architectonic". A show about architecture without architecture, but rather about conceptualized space. DOPE!
schoolin' is for snobs. haven't you heard?
I am totally not a fan of sweat pants.
We just want to say thank you to all of you for your support! AND of course have a great weekend!
Davis already owned henson....check last play of UNC game...can't wait to play FAT Melo
IN THE WORDS OF "I GOT NO STRINGS ON ME"
Let's Go Duke
May the fourth be with you
:D how was your finals??
Sounds good!
I'm not at #PRNBDI - just couldn't agree more with your tweet :)
haha yes it is ha
seriously...i grew up a #Pistons fan...same feeling...
Durant is unbelievable...i'm a Spurs fan but respect for him..very talented!!
Looked like it was Jed on the live cam
Dear all - sorry about that DM. Something got access to my account somehow. Needless to say, you should not click on the link I sent.
Just crossed into New Mexico. Still bored but is doing an excellent job serenading me.
Don't lie... lol how's the ankle man? Played all night at 24.. That Asian dude Johnny made the switch. LA Fitness < Ballys
I always wanted to go to Australia
We are constantly amazed at how much great music is out there.
so what's new though?
The main holidays are New Years, Memorial Day, 4th of July, Labor Day, Thanksgiving, & Christmas. Which are southern?
Thanks Keith! Any news on Todd? I have definitely been thinking of you...
I KNEW IT
you should have taken two.
RT Fouts wondereing what it would have been like to be tackled by #Seau. Someone in crowd yelled, "Ask #Elway!" twice.
Well, I'm sorry I'm not like her...
Total Blackout on the channel is hilarious!
if J Charles misses games who do I pick up? T Jones or McCluster?
Thought so, we've just talking amongst ourselves. RT oh yeah-hey twitter. i forgot about you.
Strategies when program begins, Third – “Don't hold notes. The audience can see them shake. Use three-by-five cards instead.”
Join us for SJCPL Trivia Night on April 27th! $100 entry per team. Call Sigrid at 282-4670 or email .
Im not perfect and will be the first to admit it.
THE DEVIL IS WORKING.....BUT IMA FIRE DAT BITCH ASS NIGGA TODAY!!!!
Yes I miss
That was awesome. I can now die in peace.
still write a 16 a day..not to b f$cked wit
We buy properties in South Florida.
I think that I only liked you so much because you made me feel the things that he used to make me feel.
Just to clarify: the abbreviation for crazy is spelled "cray" not "cra". Thanks!
enjoy - great to hear!
congrats girl
Haha this is great advice! RT RT : Never drink your roommates last beer.
I miss
- but to lead is to serve. Isn't 'servant' leadership redundant? CEO is at the bottom of the org chart...
Please please please tweet me a goodnight tweet?! Please?! Goodnight Tyler #ILoveYou <3 :)
agreed. Fame has gone to his head. When He first started out he was okay but now he's nott. BTW I miss having classes w/ u!
Weekend snackin: 33 oz of #smartwater and some sour gummy worms xxxtra sugar!
It look so soft! I just want to snuggle it... but I don't think that is its intended use :)
umm. Ya. Lou Holtz is next.
RT It doesn't matter how strict your diet is, if you're going to exercise, you're going to need some fuel for your body.
You're very welcome! Thanks for participating and being such a great spokesperson for !
the lady last night with 6000+ followers is Shireen ()
Wanna be somm's that used to be forklift operators are going to be the death of me...yes, your in a wine class...
I forgot I buy coke yesterday. So it looks like I'm having a cider with my hearty bean and ham soup.
must get Schwertsik back for Toronto Canadian premiere always a challenge!
I was suppose to go back to my granny's -_-.
this is the new guy
is this bitch serious with her duck face? And a dirty sanchez?
Workies then school blah
I got an email that said "Thank you for the size confirmation." Yes, I giggled. Obviously I'm a child.
Fun fact: the title of our song F.I.N.E. is from a movie. What movie?
Lovin the ambient noise of
#votegrahambgt follow me :D
"Running to kick a football you know will be snatched away is both insane and heroic - in a word, human." :) Thx for sharing, dp!
Ah I see, note to self: Don't comment on things said to the world. Learn something new every day.
RT Retweet if you want Chelsea to win the FA Cup final!
#idol's Jessica Sanchez bandwagon officially veers out of control: urges SD to vote, while taking a swipe at Filner, DeMaio
Looks like Ray Harper is going to get his shot... Named interim head coach of WKU!
hmm, this is hard.. Maybe ..YOU!! And demilovato.. Haha(:
": you have to click the link" I did....It came to a blank page
heeeeyyy!! <U+2665> I CAN'T BELIEVE SOMEONE CALLED YOU CHUNKY :O what a douche! anyways love you! follow? (:
Let's start a Teapot Sect that can have holy wars with Pastafarians.
Agreed. But then my conscience kicks in and partial credit--for what I think they meant--sounds like a good idea. For a moment.
we're looking forward to it! A little more work on Infusionsoft SMS and email alert triggers and the copious content ....
Why dose YouTube have adds now
HAHAHAHA OMG IM SERIOUSLY LAUGHING.
First closing-related nightmare. I expect it won't be the last.
thx to everyone in greater SF who took time to chat this week. Now off to B-more to talk 3Dprinting at #netgenm. then sleep. sweet sleep.
I'm curious. Where do you buy your ?
You can't pick cherries with your back to the tree. -J. P. Morgan
Sorry, I'll stop...
IF YOU DON'T GET A REPLY WITHIN 10 BIZ DAYS THEN UNDERSTAND WE'VE DECIDED TO KEEP LOOKING! WE ENCOURAGE EVERYONE'S EFFORT A 100% or NOTHING!
RT : 16 min until South campus begins at a new location - Barton Creek Mall theater!!// Can't wait!!!
Always remember to speak up for urself when someone tries to take advantage of u..get ur point across
bummer... if your looking to keep entertained you can always tie shop! thesilktie.com
Reveling in this latte.
yup. My parents are from Pakistan, but my daddy moved to Bradford when he was a young lad ;) haha
Aloha WAC. it was good knowing you. to those who fought so hard to keep it alive, i commend you. it was just a tough battle to win.
yep they are like the anti-nyan cat
lol yes, I get wet no matter how hard I try and so does my bookbag :T
Well done. You take on the barista is refreshing. Forget coding you sir are an actor!
Early bird.
aye dm me yo number bro
Makes no sense RT : And why do some in #RichmondBC still insist that these small houses 'destroy neighbourhoods'?
Morning everyone! Who's your favorite dance instructor in DC, MD or VA? Please reply back using the hashtag
Starting a career in museums is brutal, isn't it? Don't lose hope yet!
Cruise! RT : Trying to plan an awesome vacation, where should and I go this year? I was thinking cruise?
Throw Down in Trausch Down. Warriors Play Calvin tomorow.
Indiana Memories
Ooh national margarita day!!
And the special is #PCBW Church Brew Works Inaugural Ale $2.50 Drafts and $8 Growler fills..bring own growler
psych AP test..
“: Art + Science comes together beautifully in the Compleat Cup. #bostoncm”
triple play on deck
early actually its the 25!(:
So I started writing for Blue Ridge Outdoors new online music blog today. It's called Mountains of Music or BRO's MoM for short :)
Pretty new, ha? We should probably talk.. Maybe colaborate. I'm the CEO of my company. Find me Look forward...
RT Larry Page calls Google+ the "social spine" // That is so cute!
I am good thanks. I missed talking to you.
clearly because you're an overachiever. Have fun!
Freshman bbq w !!
Vendor couldn't answer a question on whether they supported #SAML so they emailed a link to stackoverflow. Gee, thanks....
Well, I hope there's in-flight keno.
Just finished up a shirt for the optimists out there. Check it out at www.falloutscreenprint.com and buy it
Name one of our beers! It's a middle of the road American Blonde Ale! Name will be chosen at 4:00!
The butcher committed a crime against teriyaki. For shame.
my time is now. so your time is up.
How are you doing lovely? Thanks for the RT :-)
What is an question YOU would want us to ask as a daily question? We may just use your suggestion! So get your questions in!
RT« Being in a relationship with someone who's just as goofy as I am >> <U+2665>»
When people listen to bands I hate
picasa tells me that it should take 41 more hours to scan my hard-drives (thats just half of them)
this girl has a hairy back o_o
ill take you down next time your in town.
Making faux beef burgundy with
Your site offers one of best basketball IQ development values on the web right now..if only more young players were aware.
Make your holiday party reservation Send us a DM.
btw u must go to fist of flour this Monday-will be fun!
The one thing the NYC subway system has taught me to perfect is my poker face.
We believe we are ahead of the music industry. We offer a free market approach to success!
Gmen for life!
oh hey sorry so many tweets i just remember you tweeted me, i'm great trying to eat a healthy sandwich , you?
has been ranked #1 for owner loyalty!!! Retweet if you're a ford fan! What Ford vehicle(s) do you own? We'd love to see photos too!
I believe that there is no god.
WHEN R U RELEASING UR NEW SONG!??? PLZ SAY SOON!!!!
Very cool! Let us know how it goes!
Condoms are for people who don't take risk lmao live on the edge
Putting on my cheer mom hat.
Google had a ad about a guy & girl who broke up. He wrote an email asking for a 2nd chance. WHAT WAS HER ANSWER? I need to know dammit!
haha. I guess it has a similar shape. iPhones don't taste as good tho.
A lot of huge things coming up for Revenj Jean Federation. Be sure to follow us for the latest update from RJF
I'm not sure, but I know I love it. :)
So many good choices! We love Ping Pong Dim Sum, Zengo, Rosa Mexicano and Poste, to name a few!
Where are my dragons?! Wow, I love
Ugh this is not how I wanted to spend Valentines Day.
After reading a cookbook last night, i realized that there was no character development and plotline was very scattered.
We ripped the carpet up today, and Maggie and izzie just don't know what to think about this concrete floor.
Just got attacked for 5 whole minutes by an evil bird while running. Legitimately thought it was going to be my last moment on earth.
The Doomsday Vault is so cool; it's like this big squirrel operation--putting seeds on ice in case of a nuclear winter.
I just heard the funniest colombian insult- "chino huevon estece quieto carajo!"
Terrible news about WFNX. It's annoying but essential.
When force of will falls short, politics is required. Not automatically a bad thing, but YMMV.
Rooting for hometown favorite from to show them how it's done here in #Austin!
Thanks so much. We're really pumped about this year.
She likes everything. RT : On a dinner date with my side piece
congratulations to coach farello....pg county coaches coach!!!
YES! RT : There's less than 1,000 tix left for tonights game against the Mavs. I'll be there.Will you?
im supposed to be mtg with my boss now but wont go until i hear from #Mubarak. watching and waiting to hear word from #Egypt!
one day im gonna go to brazil and celebrate carnival. then imma go to new orleans the next year and celebrate mardi gras :)
"Do you think in heaven, everyday is an Ugly Sweater Party?" -smelly cat lady thought to her self.
Remember to always pursue what brings you happiness! “Pleasure in the job puts perfection in the work.” -Aristotle
Austin asking me to be his girlfriend on my birthday made that day all more perfect(:
If your significant other has a secret "office" that's always locked & he spends most of his waking life in there, he's a serial killer.
Morning rains turn into ice later today. Shall stay inside & off the roads & explore what we can do with the computers today with my boys.
A human being is not attaining his full heights until he is educated
you know you're letting me borrow the second book when you're done!
Got a speeding ticket a little while ago. I asked the cop how he arrived at the speed on my tix, radar he said................
Making Mealtime Special- Tip #3 Add side dishes like a Cesar salad or bread – change up your normal routine.
#WhyDoiAlways want to look good when nobody even likes me..
really doe rhea
yay so cute!
Can't wait to catch up with all of my tweeps this weekend at our next #NLCInstitute!
I love you sylvan
uhoh theBOB is vacuuming must be something the hound did
nope! Chuck Testa
Mine started "decharging" even while plugged in. It limped along for a few months, but it just came to a halt too.
all is fine RT : Delta flight 2295 from Salt Lake City reported possible hydraulic problems San Diego Fire standing by
Who attended the National Dog Show this weekend? Tweet us pics and stories!
Some people are just nutso-cuckoo. And the people encouraging their shitty behavior are no better.
what am i gnna do tonight....... i jus want my stomach rubbed cuz my shit is hurtin
My phone's a spazz!
A chicken salad cup with crackers makes the perfect afternoon snack.
thanks again for feeding our volunteers at Girard Garden!They've worked up a big appetite pulling weeds,planting &painting
Dinner at Arni's in Greenwood...love the junior salad there!
So excited to see you guys 2nite!
I think I saw David Putty sitting in the stands at the game. #devils!!!!
Why does it take so long to get a prescription filled?!
goodmorning morning to you too beautiful
#StayAwayFromMe if I am belligerently drunk and out of cigarettes
Great Episode The Pimple Your Still Beautiful With Pey
Man, this looks just like Showbiz Pizza!
majority leader now. Lol
Need a little motivation to eat healthy and hit the gym? Summer officially starts in 58 days!
The Cody Jasper Band can not wait to play in Chicago! When they come through drop in say Hello!
I don't like promising someone something at night cuz tht means I have to stay up
dude...you are getting on my freaking nerves. Stop asking questions!
No, but I've seen him do it. Also play the drums standing up from the other side, and do body percussion. Always great!
cooking some food
You ain't real unless u was born on
We either make ourselves miserable or we make ourselves strong. The amount of work is the same - Carlos Castaneda (RT )
is it wrong 4 me 2 feel this way
RT : Free article thru 30 March: Low-Skill Employment Opportunity & African American-White Difference in Recidivism...
customer its for the prison for a CO
thanks for the RT Richard Xo
is rubbing off on me I wanna watch Friends!
going to the restroom, huh?
I'm on season 2 of my rewatch. I always forget just how good this show is.
agreed. A Cuban paradox, of sorts.
grrrrrr. Hacks are never fun
now is it too much to ask for the others to win also..lol
The lights are back yay!!!
Time to make the Rocketchix donuts
Pouring rain in New Orleans for #finalfour championship game
Hey We smacked your boy Paul again, hard. Its okay, he'll find out real fast you just cant go to another team a win it :)
Congrats on a
Scotland Yard: Call your friends, build a team, prepare, and dethrone "F' Mountain" Wed at 8pm. You have what it takes? Trivia Night!!
Heading out for first day back to work (finally) since my injury three weeks back. Good to have less pain, more mobility!
This class Hella weird
R.I.P. to Miss Whitney Houston!
We love you more!
Happy Imbolc everyone!
i don't want someone perfect in my life , i want someone real ..
So like I see your girl friend undress herself every odd day, August. You jelly? c;
Making playlists. Anybody else want one? No? Ok.
Welcome, you handsome fella.
hopefully leaving soon so probs 12:30ish :D btw you're helping me study for my finals. And LOVE your prom dress
so what was that? The front or the back?
Thanks for another gr8 event last night! Good to see everyone
See YOUu soon!!!!
The #AmericanU application deadline is tomorrow! Don't forget to submit your app! Looking forward to #AU2016!
#nowplaying The Fifth Element. I love the way president Debo delivers his lines, like he learned them phonetically. He's like black Arnold
keep it up! thanks!
im waiting for your vlog .... lol
why do i keep hearing children speaking aloud, unprompted in public places?
I saved you a matchpack
can i buy tickets to ur concert thingy and if so where? If anybody else knows can u plz tell me thx
Happy easter...and I didnt get a chocolate bunny.
damn iPhone locked up and left me with nothing. Lol!
#Spurs into the QF's!
not on twitter?
I stayed home I feel like shit
#yoga time :)
The Power of Your Subconscious Mind show www.focussociety.com come join in on the discussion
Seeing a spider, isn't a problem. It becomes a problem when it disappears.
Maybe too late for lunch suggestions, but stop at the Union Terrace for beer/popcorn and incredible people-watching!!
Oh, i would so be there if i weren't sick! RT : We'll be at #digitalIQ trivia night @ Science Club tonight... cc:
can't wait to see little doug, good luck bro.
Meet me @ the airport!! MCO on my way!
I think I may try and plan a trip to Georgetown this year...WHO DEY!
I haven't told my mom happy mother's day, she doesn't deserve it.
Too funny! But, so glad. Seriously? Why? Life is too short! So glad you are feeling better!
Thanks for the mention ! Follow us back for coffee tid bits. We are a new local biz offering office coffee and water services.
lol! I miss yo funny ass! That's good I bet she's a big girl now. I've bn fine. took u lng enough lol I thought u were actin funny
Caroline Lowe's last day at WCCO is tomorrow. She gave me a pair of her winter boots she won't need in CA. I'm honored.
you should follow she's probably your biggest fan!
Happy for rain but now mosquitos are out like crazy. Got two bites while enjoying wine in my swing yesterday. Time to have the yard sprayed!
she has a subtle hotness to her too.
u've gotta take me i wish:(
that was probably the greatest thing I ever witnessed. so much respect.
Hello sir! What's the deal
Watching land before time. Why. Cause I can
Thank you! :) Do I need to sign up to be able to see it?
thanks for the FF tweet! We really appreciate it :)
Agony agony agony!
Toyre made me crave wings now that i finally had them they dint sit well in my stomach (HIGHKEY i hope he sees this lol)
AUSTIN!!! If you follow me I will be you for Halloween and when I hand out candy I'll hand them a flyer with your info on it:)
They also want to eliminate the forward pass. My Badgers have been anticipating that move for years though
RT : Wanted to let our Maui customers know that the new Coffee Bean & Tea Leaf store in Wailea has WIFI.
You drive a benz but you n ya girl bought it together.
Cablevision Systems Corporation Reports First Quarter 2012 Results - MarketWatch (press release)
new boots <3
I'm not cutting my hair anymore .
Yes. Goo BULLS!! I love my team nd we did it again Hahaha?!!!
#WeLiveInAWorldWhere loosing your phone is more dramatic than your virginity.
What's wrong?
I was watching that earlier with Bryz. he said "Why not make Save by whistle? it save lot of goal team get on me"
yea man link up
they asked to see a skill she didn't want to do so and she just walked out!!! So I think so.
lol - no, I was pretty much in a daze, to be honest. haha.
Oh and, big thanks to & for letting me be totally awkward around them.
hahaha yeah are you tweeting trough text or are you on your computer?
I suspect if we followed the diet from about 1000AD we'd probably be quite skinny
"being kinky is using a feather, perverted is using the whole chicken"
April 15th is our gas card drawing. To enter, "like" us on FB. FB username is Herfindahl. Good luck! We all could use one of these.
Dude in front of me was getting a BJ from his lady friend on 76E in rush hour traffic. Stay classy!
New wipers make all the difference.
:D megha can't wait to get her hands on them
I respect them, but I don't appreciate them.
sorry dudes, I have no idea what you're talking about...screaming monkeys??? What's that?? Where is it at???...
I wanna get on the slingshot ride at the del Mar fair!!!
Money won't bring you happiness but will sure pay the bills!!!!!!!!!
I am playing against the guy who knocked me out of the playoffs last year, who would you start at QB Flacco or Big Ben?
Wow I can't believe Whitney is gone, I remember going to her house numerous times when she lived in Alpharetta...so sad <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009E>
Soups tonight: chicken 'n chorizo chili, and Gypsy veggie.
what the fuck? Are you trying to copy ideas for the book you're writing? I hate that fuckin queer Harry
Casey Kasem is still alive. Seriously.
she could kick your ass..shut up hoe.
Stop creeping on my tweets
Nope, back home now, working on book, and looking for way to do a recovery roadtrip.
To watch my students become superstars is reward enough. To hear them singing brilliantly is a joy beyond compare.
When I get married one day I want to design my dress! He is so fierce <3
's ratios are what I follow too. What vermouth and whisky are you using?
So, we'll see you saturday night at , Kapeesh? hit us up for tickets, we'll get em to you faster than a fuckin cobra.
Did you take your video camera home with you?
oh give it a rest ! You know ZNF is my home. cc/
I'm kinda scared to look at it..well, here it goes!
ahahaha ph that must be fun :P
too bad! come back!
Dedication: DON THOMPSON, I love you Dad. You left too soon. Always in my heart. I feel your presence. I love you. Vanessa
I'm not much of a book history person except happily by proximity, but am really taken with Suarez's advocacy of bibliographic literacy.
#Boston Worst has #175 NEW followers THX in 96 hrs since my #job #interview #SEO. #Age #Discrimination is a crime #CEO !
I'm thinking you go to another room with each choice watch decide and move on
is officially in the studio!
. Your account is locked. A better strategy would be to unlock it so that potential followers will know what you tweet about.
Mr Blow! music could speak to this tragedy in a million ways: comforting us all in this one and preventing future tragedies!
Scott is headed to India and will present a workshop on #strategy implementation with Robin #Speculand in Mumbai on December 16, 2011
editing drums and working on "tones" today... its gonna be a great day.
yeah yeah! But it dont matter bc I got you
I will accept Axl Rose in lieu of Johnny Cash.
It's a Sunny Crisp morning! The tortillas are ready, and the coffee is brewing!
other gems: "we all die alone" right after i broke up with my hs boyfriend and "i want to play sunrise/sunset at your wedding" #Mom!
Mike Woodson's goatee bothers me.....
oh my god aim o:
ikr, I wonder what they are goin to do now
I've honest never heard a dubstep song nor would I know one if I heard one, and I already know I hate it.
kevin has great taste in music can never get enough of lmfao sexy and i know it thank you hooking me to it
Is it just me, or does that holiday jingle sound a helluva lot like the theme from Home Alone? #ah!
Not in the mood for anything right now. I think i better just go to bed. Shutting the phone off so i dont see your stupid texs or get yo ...
Only cus I need some affection ,Soo I Creep Yeaahhh just keep it on THA down low since nobody is suppose to know ,
would love to load the pigs with you! Sad I missed it but I promise today was more than a good day, 1 of the best.
We love our chocolate covered macadamia nuts, but a real #Hawaiian #chocolate treat..any of 's made frm scratch bars..swoon!
At electric daisy experience, excited for some EDM and maybe some chill people. Holoprism goggles going on soon.
it was done by accident
OLLU Softball - Won 2-1 over University of Houston -- Victoria
Lolol I love it when in the movie breaking dawn they give speeches in the weedingXD
If I were a lame
hey, watch out, nats coming up fast
what's your opinion on isanyoneup.com? Seems kind of messed up to me.
Who's up for a virtual phone bank with tonight? Help support the #MD #bagfee! DM or email me for details.
Here we go
: I WILL SEE!
I gave it my body and mind, but I have kept my soul. ~ Phil Jackson
And her and her gfs have a little store. So I think they just spend all day there crafting. And posing.
how about...no
Glad I didn't finish the #PennState kool-aid...raise millions for kids then celebrate by getting obliterated on a made up holiday.
Give to every human being every right that you claim for yourself. ~Robert Ingersoll
I got to tell you something!!
We're also interested in learning what unique gift your service or therapy animal may have received this Christmas.
A wise man once said "Always listen to " :) Who am I to mess with wisdom? Let's do it!
Colleges aren't available to better oneself in knowledge persay, but to drink up your money in hopes that you become a productive citizen
I know right! RT Lucky! Lucky! Lucky!
“: Celtics, enough w. the jump shots go to the basket! ” Agreed, Rondo needs to penetrate
I am...please “: Gotta go to the store real fast.. Anybody tryna go with me????”
Omg I am excited & nervous all at the same time!!!
what channel is it on? :/
This rain is getting old. It better not keep me from having my brekkie tacos!
On-Camera and scene study in an hour.
thanks for the support - looking forward to our event at the Phoenix Zoo on 4/21, Hope you can make it!
PV dinner tryna get tan like us
We dry rite now. Keeps wine on deck. Probably go grab something
Thom Yorke is teaching me how to dance.
open court
Took another Rocket Risk! This one has my whole body shaking with excitement.
My mind has been blown. Lilly wrote the song "Alfie" about her brother Alfie Allen... who plays Theon Greyjoy on Game of Thrones!
/// As far as the Dilla Day part.....yea that was pretty effed up. Dude just disappeared after he said he will pay Danny..
Please see my answer on to: How do you change a current mediation agreement? - Has the original mediation agree...
Grasshopper Point Tomorrow for Labor day!!! I need me a Fun-Day Monday ;-)
you need to calm urself!!!! Hahaha hold on u whore ;*
Putting the FAT in Fat Tuesday with some Border Walk Fries.
haha true... stupid wet sock from tyhe damn ice bag
U r so welcome. Excuse the text / twitter form of communication.
MT Towpath Cafe: charming resto in London. Hidden waterside spot. Simple, lovable food. Perfect omelet w garlic scapes
These are 5 basic steps to make money online with affiliate program
And suddenly random bands are following me?
Really? I gotta say you complain about the Browns a heck of a lot too......and so do I. Well actually who doesnt....
Thanks Ed! Got it on the record :)
congrats on making the laughing skull finals.
I wouldn't touch that slut with a 10 foot pole!
if I can someday, I will. might have to give you an oral report instead :)
Thomas Edison would be fucking pissed if he saw how your company was run
Two kids one love who cares if we make it up
A new website, new video series, summer show dates, & a new album are ALL IN THE WORKS! Many exciting dates soon to come :)
Triple FTW? :p
PRAY FOR ME PHYSIO EXAM TOMORROW NEED TO KILL IT <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008F>
Congrats on the selection Fred.
Permanent magnet propulsion is possible as electromagnet from a rail gun. Works both ways in nature. Truth. Thk-U4 follow
Under 10 to play, #UMass lead is down to 57-54. Last few minutes have been dominated by Chaz Williams and Ramone Moore
Critical thinkers question everything.
heheh thanks! Yea, i <U+2665> Ari's voice, i love all her songs and covers, she should do more covers on YoutTube!<U+2665>
You already know family. I'll be in touch. One love.
Yes, this has been the playoffs of 3 goal comebacks but no team ahead had Tim Thomas in their net, no way the Bruins will give up 3+ goals
HAHAHA.. I believe in a thing called loovveee
you're gonna totally dominate your ultra. Let the training take over - and keep me posted, I want to cheer you on :)
Timbers getting worked to start off the second. What on earth did you say spencer?
I'm at ces too! Lg booth
ah dammit. i cant find my trousers!
When are you going to release some more music? Your #millerites cant wait!!!!
“: i'll puff one for you and Lord Quas” you sweet angel. Strictly haze for days
awesome! Ah!
"My public service is not concluded." - Says he wants to focus on a farm bill & nat'l security in last 8 mos
Not sure I am diggin' the neon duds- reminds me of DOT construction attire : your cats are wearing the same crazy-fun
Shut up lmaooo
Reminder for all you poetry-hungry Pasadenans: Ron Carlson and Sandra Gilbert are reading this afternoon at Vroman's, 4 p.m. sharp.
I agree--I just like to sit and experience it all..I'm guessing it's not as hot there as it is here in Tulsa right now....
Dancing with the stars still airs? lol
RT Getting principals on Twitter? Possibilities for connecting with other principals, learning beyond their buildings
I love how I feel after i run <f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
I think a deep copper red would look fantastic on you. It would blend with your skin & bring out your eye tone.
RT Nuggets gonna even tonight. Can't expect us to shoot as bad /// what was that O?
I need to do a Sports Night rewatch for real. Good thing I own it. Sorkin taught me everything I know! And he has no idea!
The coffee mug is mine! (at least, it will be in 3-4 weeks)
yup so hang tite
...when so many muslims hate us/America because THEY know we are based in Christianity. Libs=
When does your patio open ? Best patio in #dc!
You gonna make it out to #SEMF2012 tonight? Would love to see you.
First couple months in LA: great manager? Check. Great voiceover agents? Check. Great commercial agents? CHECK. Bring it on, LA!
Another sunday for all, hope your day is a good 1 will love happiness and fun. Twit later, oh priest is not a bad film , see it
the fuck? Well I am , back off.
RT : Pisses me off more than anything when people KNOW we close at 12 and they BS around... It's 12:15. I should be at home
What is her username on twitter? DM me
Our common room is right by the kitchen so we win, despite what other say, haha.
i love my two cuzzins and :)
i feel u
so you showed them your low post moves?
debatable for sure. The clash ruled.
am I not allowed to have a girl crush?!
did not win best dance night!?! TRAVESTY! I demand a recount!
Happy Birthday Billy! Have a good one bud :)
Check home e-mail.
Dire Straits was a good choice.
They should be! Lol Happy Birthday! RT : I got cupcakes from ! Jealous much? #BAM!
Are you seeing more ants this winter? My story on the warmer temps and bugs coming up at 6pm!
man we're going to have a blast online nowadays!! exclusive behind the scenes footage and exclusive instagram posts of ur fave models
I'll bring the flashlights.
Just remember if their talking about you, your doing something right!
We’ve seen the special performance of du Soleil @ #drupa 27 times we still LOVE it! hall 8b Hurry!
I just found myself hoping to see a cockroach. Someone to listen to my jokes.
Who knew caring so much would just turn into me falling on my face because you dropped me.
Happy Birthday to our recruiter, Adam!
oh Lordy, I'm not ready for that yet
How many social networking things do you have???
Every Coney Island has that one cook with WAY too much facial hair.
Was Rick Carlisle move to start Barrea that big a call? I've had him starting on my NBA 2K11 team the past 2 seasons?
Just a few hours until my second #DenverRestaurantWeek dinner. (First Table 6, now Strings). Yay for great food!
your brother called ever move you did.
What's next? :)
Wow, thanks for constantly blurting out weather updates, office mate.
Eva, you are an amazing singer!! God bless! <3
Of course!
RT : T2 the whole point of MU and the transition to EHRs is to make this process easier, and the rules should reflect this.
Sitting on my porch this afternoon a cool breeze wafted over me...from inside my house. It's 8° cooler inside than outside.
Can I get a RT? I love you in that 70's show I'm watching it right now
GO BRONCOS!
now following back
When two people really care about each other. They will always look for a way to make it work, no matter how hard it is.
“: I just felt super duper gay sending that message to lol” anything for you baby girl ;)
He will be missed ...": Another talented artist dies. RIP Thomas Marth. #Killers"
Can't wait for Record Store Day this Sat. & the exclusive Mountain Goats DVD at Fingerprints in LB. What indie record store will you visit?
Cutest student quote ever: "Every night before I go to bed, I play chess with my daddy. Last night, I won." -Lily, 7 (commas added)
I just videoed myself again. I'm gonna make my own reality show!
You two should do some sort of seminar or conference together. That would be amazing!
ha ha Torts, what a story. Yeah Rupper is good company as well!
Yes, thank you for mentioning that
There's a little sound... just from the chopper. Our pilot's mic is off.
did you know? some brands still sync their facebook status updates w/ their twitter acct. ya, i know. yuck.
he must have a lesbian fetish. i know i do(x
tropezar el dedo pequeño del pie contra el pie de la mesa
I fill you baby
Sounds like a professor to me! My gender and comm prof at Stonehill was the one that convinced me to go to grad school.
SINGLE LIFE aint 4 everybody but sometimes datz watz best.... #it is wat it is
please tell me you bought that.
why not?
Another shooting-- this time in North Minneapolis. will have more details at 7:10 on
On the road to Arkansas!
don't worry, he probably can't afford the means to pull it off...be strong and courageous!
Wow. Information overload. Ever been there before trying to learn all the new stuff out there? :)
Awww Dee!!You are the best!So happy you found me on here! Have SO much to catch up on, how is everythin with you?! I miss you woman!
okay lets go right now!
I feel giggly.
3 minutes left :O
He took it hard yesterday, ask the fellas...had a mild one yesterday and shook all of them. He didn't want to discuss it, I understand.
Got home in time for the second half of the IU game. Go hoosiers
Will be good 2 round !!!
Just picked up this week's Houston Press. Lolz!
hey! where'd you get your handy-dandy business cards?
#MMWordAssociation Ron Burgundy = Glass Case Of Emotion
A library-type room, close to the Memphis Conven Ctr. where we can shoot without interruption/lots of noise. Easy access...
you were going to watch Tank Girl, weren't you? My favorite Ice T movie.
My sisters birthday tomorrow >>>>>>>> 21! Wepaa :P
8 miles on
thanks Matt! we'll keep you posted as to our exact launch date. we hope you enjoy.
just saw your new video. go get em
Good looks Lala I'm so hyped up right now... lets celebrate in SoHo in a few weeks I know you're down
I love the feeling that I sink into my bed when I'm comfy.. :D
I hate lending stuff out because mostly I never get them back. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Happy to go see 2 movies @ #MSPFest12 - "Where do we go Now" and "Policeman." Sad to be missing so many great docs though.
#packers have to cheat to beat Da Bears... terrible officiating throughout the game...
For all the signs saying Lin who and how they don't need him, looks like GS coulda really used him after all in the final seconds...
darn straight I do!! Facebook me free dates! We'll find one that works! Will get in on it too!
": Personally think is amazing so talented an deserves everything he has got!" Totally agree <U+263A>
look forward to makin some huge moves with ya.Check your email.next time u Come to dallas on a monday speak @ our industry meeting.
Follow artist new music coming soon
I can't sit here being Christopher Hitchens to a community of nitwits all my life.
oh my #godga u look amaziing just fabulous !!
Nice , Hope that hamstring is ok.
Lunch Time! Prime yourself for lunch tomorrow by getting a large Meglio's Triple Baked Specialty Pie for just 10 bucks on www.crowdclick.com
put a picture up...join the sophisticated class.
Well so much for Jelly Beans media hyped rd 1 flu game in comparison to MJ's Finals Flu game...
Keep the internet free. SOPA is censorship.
once again, you never fail to make me laugh like an idiot when i read your tweets. i really hope paul sees your tweets. omfg.
me too! School sucks!
congrats & good luck! I got one tomorrow!
i think that's so cool.
do you conduct any seminars near Texas or its border states?
According to Elliman’s report, the active inventory of 7,221 apartments is less than the 10 year average
Ah I'm tweeting from an iPad this Is awesome:)
Maybe it's just me, but do the 2012 Rangers remind anyone of the 1998 Astros? Key similarity: Very few flaws.
YES I DID.
Paul Molitor was the first player to get 5 hits in the first game of the 1982 World Series.
I'm fantastic...I mean #Nicktastic! How's Germany?
Dear Self, Today you will shine. Love, You. #review!
So many things to do, prioritizing and trying to sneak in some down time. How's your Saturday?
Happy International Women's Day! Who has inspired you? The floor is open... #internationalwomensday #inspiring women
Your welcome Anne! If you have anymore questions we're only a tweet away!
It's hard to be a creative thinker when you live and work within boundaries of walls without windows. Do some internal remodeling!
Packers whooped on the Vikings 45 to 7 :D
it's okay lol
Working on GREAT STORMS today. Writing about history is a reminder of how much is beyond our control and that we're all just blips in time.
awesome should be able to for that game when it gets cold more tickets available
Started new job with Marketing! Time to update my twitter name. Votes? McKenzeRogers, RogersTHAT, McKenzeWillRan, other?
u wish hoe
And you may use my neologism, "inde-gether-ness" at your leisure. Please cite The Hankins Estate per rider guidelines.
The matrix is a wierd ass movie
I wish..
we love awesome #customerservice titles, too! one of our favs on our team? The Woman Behind the Curtain, aka
Even Office Space is better after living here. This state is weird as fuck.
Thanks yall too! Just let me know when and I will tell him! :)
Slowly fading away lost and so afraid.
Student Q about women who speak up labeled as "over emotional" J Williams: polite women do not change the world - speak up
"It's time for DEMOCRACY NOT CORPORATOCRACY"; rock it, rap it, slam it, jam it, shout it way out loud.
why not?
Talking to about stupid random things, just like the old days. So good to be best friends again. (:
Muchas Gracias , , for feeding our volunteers today!
its a bich not having my charger , just gonna watch a movie and knock out
I love you! :D
Youu Can Get A Massage From There !>____<
dude, she just randomly texted me. that is cause she is a slut. oh wait, she is classy and wants a real man
nvm, apparently everyone in my house has eaten BUT ME.
#confessionnight when i heard you sing the other day my nipples got hard. haha but for real, it was sexy.
. What a shame small boys don't live 382 years.
Excellent. See you all then!
Back in MKE after an absolutely amazing vacation 2 the Bahamas. Off 2 Horny Goat 2 watch the Packers & annual Parts House Assoc. mtg.
Oh my gosh the new pirates of the caribbean movie was intense. So good!
Just got word, #Rockies-Braves scheduled to resume at 10:30.
RT Starvation diet no exercise works well. Toenails and ear jam never tasted more delicious, and with no carbs either
128 at bowling. My personal best! (Don't laugh)
Been slackin on my twitter lately
Thank You Mr. And Mrs. Horan for bringing a sexy Irish guy like into the world!
Goodnight from the Winners Circle
"We do not inherit the earth from our ancestors, we borrow it from our children." ~Native American Proverb
TRAFFIC ALERT: Crash WB Beltline between South Towne and John Nolen. Right lane blocked. Use caution.
48 hours untill this tour launches!!! Who would think this old road dog could be this excited!!
I just got finished reading a book by Robert Blackman called MLM Mastermind. It is very informative book.
Money Saving Tip #58: Consolidate your student loans.
pretty pictures are free
All of these photos are so cool. Thank you for sharing the behind-the-scenes experience!
haha you need to catch up!!! It's like the best show on TV...
Werth: broken wrist, probably out 3 months
Follow us on Twitter
at my parents house in oak creek... Their cable and Internet is not working and apparently hasn't for weeks.
Trouble with Facebook is that they're web based - they have to get into mobile, TV, etc.
Halfway through Lisa Gansky's book "The Mesh: Why the Future of Business is Sharing" quite insightful. Its a good read.
About to be an uncle AGAIN probably the 50th time...my siblings won't stop having babies! What is this a Messican factory or something?
cleaning til my food gets here ^_^
I have never been more proud of myself in my entire life than I am right now.
R parts of the Rebellion Papers published? I feel like there is a book out there can't remember title
Visuals & photos are critical online for getting DiCaprio's social messages understood quickly
my blackberry is my digital man servant
Forgot how much I loved this game. On Legendary, and bustin' tail!!!
'Fallout' by Marianas Trench is my new song obsession.
what's with the Jemima-like commercials for Glory Foods? #PopSouth asks.
I think more people should call you. I was mowing the lawn. thought you were gonna be later than usual... sorry
are y'all doing any kind of ticket give away for the one direction/big time rush concert?
Happy Mother's Day to M Kopilas for raising a great man & my mom Dr Shirley Boelter-Gibson who was smart, beautiful, demanding and inspiring
makes me tell him how to spell this sick shit he says on here...because he's illiterate. lolol .
done!! I'll put the order in for when you #GetHere!!!
Yeah, i Know the feeling too ): They need to Get there dancing bootys to somewhere near boston!
Baron need to retire he is done
i walked into bed & went on tumblr....im not going to bed till 3 now..
I am thinking about getting a Mercedes-Benz B 200 Turbo for a new car!
“: I wish I knew what was wrong. #malepains”
that was an awesome bday party--tacos and in purple tights.
I woulda laughed too
It's Singles Awareness Day.
'The foundation of every state is the education of its youth.'
last night i dreamed about us meeting eachother and that we hugged..AWWW-_- i hope that dream comes true<21
that was #STUPID FUNNY
that would be nice! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
C'mon K State!!
My name is Aaron
Exercise for at least 30 min. per day during the holiday season, and you can avoid putting on excess pounds!
Let's face it , leggings arent for everyone ... Esspecially the elderly and out of shape .
wish big willy was in stilly ;)
...WE CAN MAKE SUM SHH HAPPEND AS SOON AS I GET BACK .
apparently the camera on a macbook doubles quite effectively as a contact mic. #merz,
Ask about a kit sponsor.
Heading over to the Lynden Sculpture Garden today to scout out some locations for a new project.
#DCFoodies Follow our friends from a good ol' American Classic joint! Perfect weather for a bubbly grilled cheese!
Even though i'm thinking this "good things come to those who work" "everyday i'm hustling" is really ringing in my head on rewind.
Lunch time folks! hope everyone's day is going well, know mine is now that I got my #bartab drink with my lunch! $1 drinks are a win win!
CREEPY VAN - Ray William Johnson Video Parody
RT : Come take monthly jam tonight at 7:30!
Day 4: over the continental divide, onward to Flagstaff, AZ...
New goal: work with the gorgeous Her campaign is so beautiful. let's make it happen
DEBATE HIGHLIGHTS - Mitt: Let me flip-flop for a second here.
aww thank you! You too! (: x
Check out www.watchnhllive for all the games live online enjoy!!!!
So sad I can't come :( I only travel one week a month and yet all the fun stuff always happens the week I'm gone.
On my way to work. I hope my training day goes better than Ethan Hawke's in "Training Day" :o Nah, I'm fired up and feeling positive.
Crazy that #BestMusical was LofFaith's only nom too; how you can you be overall best when none of the elements are nom'd?
# FF ; Shes friggen awesome, and my best friend even though we met just last year we have been through a lot. #LotLove GO FOLLO
#RedSox put new door in dugout. It's locked. No one can find a key. So, and are live on the street.
I love the Miami Heat!!!! :D
Why? why? is this chick checking out my ass? Damn, wish we could go back to the days when shit like this was kept discreet.
Wow! Twitter was really fun, but very addicting. I have to put the twins to bed now, dont want them fussing at me. I will continue tmrw
I just want head from Adele
My dad had to get off the phone with me because he dropped a 2 liter Dr Pepper and it went spraying everywhere. HAHA
Hello from #NYC to #Ukraine!
giirllll you keep doing you! Forget the haters and losers
overheard: "yesterday, I was tanning on my patio where it wasn't windy. I looked at that same spot again today, and there was a snowman.
This giant shit sandwich that is my Monday can go away anytime now.
U kno how Cowboy fans are, drafted Morris Claiborne now they bout to win the SuperBowl Lmao
You can imagine my relief when I opened the refrigerator door at work and discovered that the pickled herring is still there.
S/O to my main squeeze ... go follow her A S A P !
#Cake Nook made us a wonderful birthday cake yesterday - tasty!
I have an extra ticket for the X-Factor next Thursday. Who wants to come with me?
we would have hosted it for you :-)
Wow...they're really on Maria about that laugh
Alex: "dad sometimes calls dog poo, dog crap" Mom: "i hate that word" Me: "what crap?" Mom: "no, dog." #LOL x
reading Wikipedia now ...
So glad my Celtics won tonight, now I'd love to see the Nuggets kick out the Lakers!!
Floyd Mayweather Fiance Is Mad Pretty
ikr I dont even believe it anymore. If the boyz had gf they would have told us
To say 'I love you' one must first be able to say the 'I.'
you call it stupid I call it creative thinking
I love you so dang much! You have made a HUGE impact in my life :) I hope you follow me and most importantly NEVER say NEVER!
RIP Adam Yauch. Licensed to Ill will be playing non-stop today
Jonathan is about to eat his first pbj, everyone hold your breath
I mean right, doh
EMBARGOED: When shuttle passes over Statue of Liberty, Jaws pops out of the water with an American flag clenched in his teeth.
I can't wait for the new album seriously im so so so so excited.
lol you been alright bro
so you're either not a baseball fan, or under 10 years old. My mistake, sorry to bother you.
I've made the best pasta EVER!
It's February!!!!! I have to sweat when I walk to and from the library! really?
More picks in action: Cardinals-107 and Angels-167
whoaa dill dill's gotta twitter! :)
Forgiving is easy. Trusting again, not so much
just hope I can keep up with you - set up a #phd daily-writing tracking document and weekly check-ins
There's a feeling of optimism in the air. It really feels like a different year, hopefully everybody channel that energy.
Thanks for the follow. REALTOR looking for good contractor in the Hemet area & a custom home builder in Valley Center, California.
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. ~Ralph Waldo Emerson
Just tell me straight up why you want. Don't play games with me. Tell me what you want or you won't get it. Simple as that.
Tired of seeing your face.
I'm hungry.. I'm gonna go upstairs, and you know..Eat carrots.
Just seen the SWAT team and like 100 cops and 2 helicopters at one house crazy >.< CountryGirl:)
my mind is truly blown!
RT : If one more person mistakes me for Nancy Grace I'm gonna shave my beard. Cc:
Have a great weekeend. Enjoy the BEAUTIFUL weather! :)
going around big time..I'm just getting over it myself..had to get antibiotics..hopefully you won't get that bad..
#Help-I need suggestions for the best club in Chicago that plays rap & hip hop and not techno style music for my bff's bachelorette party.
Such a beautiful day in Panama City Beach!
Learning, Studying,Listening, Mind-Set, Happiness, Decision-Making Skills Will Keep You On Track And Sucessful Through Out Your Life.
that number 15 with Inge above it is annoying
Attempting to locate the sly fox.
: Likewise...before they skyrocket on stubhub.
“: #Aquarians have different personalities, the one you know them by is the one they chose to show you” --- So true..
Glass is so very important, I just can't put a cheep filter over an L series lens. I rarely use UV either. Light is so key.
TY for the update
Right back atchya girl! RT : Had an AMAZING convo. with about excited to be a part of this event!!
Fundraising is not a priority for the National #Movement for America's Children
tired of all this here sugary sugary fluffy nasty valentines crap. don't have someone to call your own? cry yourself a river and get over it
Lots of audio to laugh at - www.kevinkash.com
Not really down with the BART protesters. Like praying, they make a lot of noise while not really helping.
this morning woke me by sitting on my shoulder, and "tapping me out"
I don't care how successful you are now, you don't forget the people who knew you before
Keys to a successful SMT include good outlets, craft food in moderation & knowing nrest - ck back w me in 6 hrs
Let's go Dodgers!!
10 points behind spurs that's just whack arsene!
Brian Dolan mobile health news
why do sundays freak me out so much? depressing day...well its technically monday morning here but boo anyways.
I hate school. like I hate a llamas ass. #detention today. -_____-
2 Good Looking Girls, Dont Know Which 1 To Go After
somebody had to say it.. so.. Call me maybe? ;)
We now interrupt the lazy Sunday schedule for an hour or two of yardwork.
Hey u how have u been ?
This NBA on TNT crew is pretty solid with their Photoshop/meme creating skills.
Just got the biggest urge to take a bubble bath.
Got it. The page is cached (loading outdated information). To un-cache the page hold down the shift key and refresh your page.
Hi Greyson! Wanted to stop in to say hello. My daughter and I very much love and enjoy your music. Best wishes to you always.
is eavesdropping at The Abbey and realizing she doesn't use the word 'marvelous' nearly often enough.
I just wrote an article for dPS to be published soon "Stop whining about your equipment, get out there and shoot!" :)
Come to Rock Bottom Brewery tonight from 6-8 pm! They're tapping their Fallen Angel Dubbel! Proceeds benefit the Juvenile Diabetes Fdn.
Thanks for the info. The Maximillian Urn has a more formal look to it, plus Sterno heat is the way I have to go!
(2/2) Could be part of reason why Dem primary totals pretty close to Walker's total numbers today.
Good meeting about #DHSI2012 unconference (#UC) today. Will be doing the planning M, with 4-6 breakout sessions T/W/TH/F. Will be super [+]
Thank U
Ill be onstage at The Art rocks show this Monday. More info to come!
Exactly. People talk about undeserving Heisman winners, but other award winners are often times even more the result of hype.
Email with your contact info & what you're looking for. I'll make sure it gets in the right hands!
Good luck to you too!
you still my producer?
yay Beauty & the Beast is on Disney... My favorite childhood animated movie :)
#CNNDebate Let's see...three Washington insiders and a governor.
Wondering if Martin will break .200 this season
In the emergency restoration industry, "It is better to know me when you need me than to need me and not know me."
congrats Daniel!
John Mayer, be mine? <U+2764>
9 point game. Boston with the lead. KG playing masterfully.
I like this sayin!
for insights below the media's real estate | financial market radar see a blog I do:www.marylandcommercialtitle.com/blog
Raven nation
was it just speeding or did they get you for something else too?
Are you living life like a rock-star?
Hey, #Carmel and #Fishers, what's your favorite thing to do in Bloomington? Doing travel story for North Mag.
Lol Wendy.....you got caught bitch.
No book talk until 4pm! This is cocktail half-hour only ;-)
i can't find the story on .. will you send us the link? we would love to see it! thanks!
What's the best tweet of the day?
I bet Kentucky could beat the Blazers...
TGIF have a great weekend.
": this is not a tweet" True.
The Steelers have got to be kicking them selves right now. But in true steelers tradition they will be right back at it.
Study Hall was called "Draw-off" because you were supposed to work on to-do list. We played paper triangle football.
you got the point right
Big props to for the great $1 Tax Day deals in DC! About to hit up Hope we didn't crash all your servers.
Autobahn opens in October here at The Renegade Theatre!
Highlights from Tribecon 2011 in the words of 's RT "get in bed with us" #tribecon (CC )
oh.my.gosh. Toews is modeling for Jamal's new clothing line....hahahahaha.
Watching some VH1 show about hits from the 90s, which basically makes me think of 's acoustic rockin'.
If you've already visited that website, change your Twitter password as soon as possible.
.. your a smart young man i'm not a crazy obsessive fan but i'm just a awesome fan. that believes in you with all my heart !
hey sexy bitch. (;
how you been?
Getting ready to go to school...#FML.but only I can make it GRAND
oh my gosh!! IM NOT BLOCKED ANYMORE!!
What country will you all go to??
I've got work to do & this weather is not helping me move further along... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
no it's that if I'm going to be late Imma make that shit count not laziness
Dodgers/Lakers won title. Kings landed Gretz in '88 right?
Q5. Favorite travel TV show or movie Why?
all dressed at mchales in downtown with my girly friend Courtney and my love :-) fish and chips! then to part all night long at a 21st
You will become clever through your mistakes. —German proverb #Mental Edge
Happy Mother's Day to my late Grandmothers Mama Lowery and Grandma Morgan. I love and miss yall so much.
Raise it!
let me know if you find any places that are hiring.
Nothing like getting up early and getting in the gym!
Fantastic evening with good music, and voice discovery of the YEAR.
This guy just came in and his total was $4.99 and he had a $5.00 coupon and instead of losing the penny he bought us all gummy worms.
3 steps ahead.. Called it smh.
Hope everyone had a great Easter!
I have an artist that needs a woman and he needs to be cooked for his email is holy-d.com check him out.
Off to recruit night with
Carol Goss of at #COFLA: Lasting change in #Detroit requires #philanthropy to work with public sector.
sure! Good idea.
eek, sorry to everyone who tuned into #GAlivestream. ran into some tech problems (800 ppl on at once!!) we'll send out a recording shortly.
A meeting of Drupal minds at UVA today, web conferencing with the ELMS folks at PSU
One loyal friend is worth ten thousand relatives.~Euripides
Fat ass.
you're so cute Tonnie I can't stand it! Xo
I hope you're enjoying your trip <3
While filling out an online app... I actually asked Michael how old I am. And I truly needed help figuring it out,wowza.
RT : make my rock dreams come true! Send me a brand new guitar w/ my brand new #GuitarHero 5
that's a Pittsburgh thing!
Todd I just sent you an E-mail.
did you want to go to Peer to Peer? I sent you an email last week.
We want to show 4 new photos this weekend, which means we need your help. If you dig microbudget indie horror cinema then tell your friends
Just saw Miami leaving the Crescent heading to practice, wanted to give Lebron the finger... but were classy in Dallas.. Take note Lebron
wishing their was a gobblers knob on the Craft-O-tron today and a slot loaded with handmade groundhogs... next year!!
It's going to be in the mid80s today - if you don't want to melt as you jump from yard sale to yard sale - come to our warehouse sale!
Guys.Guys, me and my boyfriend had a fight an I'm not sure where we stand. Then like, 30 minutes later a diffrent guy kissed me. #cheating?
visiting family and will poke around an see for a day. We should hang out!
lol man if I try to hold a note y'all gon be in trouble lol
Oh, today's mother's day? Fuck that. My mom hates me and I dislike her too. When's fathers day?
thanks for the support. Is ispq a startup as well?
A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience. -Oliver Wendell Holmes
Mrluga you're right, but I find that people are much less forgiving because you should know what you're doing... and I clearly don't :)
I've broken into our Twitter account and I'm taking you on my adventures with me from now on! P.S. This is Glenn
Its never to early to start #shopping for #Christmas, we have a mini Santa workshop at our warehouse! Check us out
Because Wisconsin took 8 minutes on that possession, they'll now have to foul and hope for misses to win this one.
thank u guys for my bday party!! Amazing night:)
Milk n sugar? RT : Someone bring me Wawa coffee.
WARPED TOUR<3 Oh oh. Get it ;)
Congrats to on their $10K Spirit of Service Award from Deloitte at the Volunteer Impact Awards!!! So proud!
Hot deals for the end of the year! Tweet me to find out more !
We should probaby do some sort of ^N and ^D thing, but to be honest we enjoy the unified voice from nowhere-ish.
So somebody should come visit me at work today..
Probably. Crack one open and see how it smells?
nope. My boys will all meet at the course.
Congratulations to Dominick Kendraw....Currently enjoying his FREE two day scooter rental thanks to winning our January question contest!
Portland Public Schools considers high-tech, super-high-resolution surveillance cameras for all schools. We talk to camera designers
Glad to hear it! I just jumped into the discussion on the blog comment section, by the way. Hope to see you in the Bay soon.
have u got your passport yet?
you better not be teasing, is join you guys in a heartbeat!
Not giving a fuck makes me feel better.
Hey i hear you like the wild ones
no didn't go anywhere, but about to go to Vegas and Jamaica! I know her from Twitter, is a good friend:)
UGH I hate pants
What's needed now is a slow-motion fourth-quarter comeback montage set to The Pixies' Gigantic
Nice Bosh!!!
The neurologist said that 80% of people over 80 end up with Alzheimer's, so be nice to your kids while you can.
Did he really? That's kind of bullshit.
I'm looking for libraries, publishers, authors, and others in the #kidlit space to follow. Any #FF for me?
Hey, just seeing this. No worries - we're connected! Cheers
Ceiling is where the unibrow dies
Dear NYC, your civil jury room is horrible. Even this Ed Bradley video doesn't make up for it.
...which is exactly why we twitch at the the idea of 3 week/4 credit courses. Reflection? Who has time for that then?
I love that place !!
is that an invite only or open party?
Who cares about that and that fat child in your photo RT its Thurman you hateful little red sox shit
I love you alex! <3
two- at I was corrected in the spelling!
While labeling David a “lobbyist,” Brooks never seems to want to tell voters that she herself is a former lobbyist.
RT : RT : I'm at that 'I'm mad as hell and I can't take it anymore point' today A lot of Americans are....
I'll be online tomorrow thou!!
The Steelers should draft a QB before the day ends.
Why do you think they call it boo ? Cuz the sound of these hoes will scare you !
i wanna get on tumblr.
See ya later Monday, you're not all that bad.
Can I get a RT for falling in love with you 1 hour at a time? LOL! Can't ever get enough
how come i never c u drift?
Just read on Drudge about Mexico having 4.9% unemployment and thats with drug cartel violence and corruption. What are we doing wrong?
hey buddy hows everything??
Thanks to Conan McKegg for supporting Gone! Your perk is prepped to go! :)
new info coming in about the officer-involved shooting at a hotel...learn about suspect's condition and charges he faces...at 11
what's new with codecs?
I like work: it fascinates me. I can sit and look at it for hours! ~ Anonymous
tonight's the third rehearsal for our workshop. also my first time running it by myself. going well so far. should do hw too. or not!
Dear Sun, My skin needs you. Love, Kaycee
ah, it must be #followalibrarian friday. is there a #followanarchivist day? or are those all friday related? oh, twitter--you so deep.
"get off his stick"? Ha! U kidding me! Basically, what we are trying to say is grow up sweetie and lose that line it's 2012!
Yup, weird issues today :(
Lovely art at tonight's gallery First Friday opening. We're open until 9, so there's still time to have a look!
- thought that we could have a chat about our houses, OpOliver etc. will dm you and set something up.
im always hearing"kim, I have a proposition for you?!"I hope the one that comes to me tonight will be the one worth it.....=)
Anne Neal, president of American Council of Trustees and Alumni, to speak at the College of William & Mary - March 14 at 4 p.m., Great Hall
..list of BLVD upcoming releases!! OH WELL (-Melissa)
LOL. Jules would s&*t if Barb showed up! You know she will! Lol. Love it! TBS better pick it up if ABC drops the ball.
I can see Denver winning both at home, but something tells me the Lakers will steal one there, and come back and finish them off in 5
#TeamFMG my Pro Debut! 1callout! Yes thanks and love you very much xoxo
Try our delicious Organic Flavored E-Liquids. Only $14.95 for a 30ml bottle!
sounds like you are doing big things in Hawaii!
*face palm* here too. I hadn't watched CNN since their shot at balanced news. Obviously they're going after the Fox market. Adios.
all fried are gluten free...?
You were the leadoff hitter in the first major league game I ever attended. (May 30, 1976, Tiger Stadium)
Are you feeling productive today? How do you get motivated for work?
Rap friends...any suggestions for new bangers i should put on slacker??
Could you guys hook us with a tag? We've got so much stuff coming soon!
What a strange power there is in clothing. ~Isaac Bashevis Singer
english calss;picked a topic ima write bout people that are not grand, Bullys .
Had a great dinner with the booster club and meeting
Aw, thanks, Erin! I'm happy to help. Haven't had to brush up my Latin in 5 years! Fun!
Paraphrasing RobWolcott at #sccol "In the process of celebrating success highlight the failures that were experienced and navigated"
Back at It's been way too long.
i followed them
Imagine building your political career on hatred of people braving 115 degree desert just to find a job to feed their starving children.
Fine I believe that I am that xP not gunna say it just accept it... YUPPERSXZ
tina fey on snl tonight = incredible. one of the best sarah palin skits she's done.
We are going to upload additional footage to remix. What shots from the video would you like to see more of? Reply to let us know!
i know a kickass project manager interested in gaming/web gaming/mobile if someone is hiring, this person is AWESOME. dm me for deets.
I'm so sick of hearing about , I think I'm gonna puke! Seriously, people!
Turning 40: The Mini-Mid-Life Crisis Guide. Anybody have a copy I can crib?
diging into old demos. one cd from 2000 titled "fear of death". I fear listening to it, because I know for a fact I couldnt play shit then.
Anita Baker on repeat
I like imagining that it's not the real handbook, but is just a recruiting tactic.
Dear #MadMen just stop running the previews. You KNOW they don't make sense and only serve to frustrate us more!
You are all AMAZING! Keep the #MKEDAY celebration coming, but definitely check out what is posting today. BRILLIANT.
your fans #TurnToYou for AMAZING music , and you just gave them more of it <3
I don't know of anything other than verizon dsl, can't give a ringing endorsement of them! I'm without service too
This Xavier Avery kid could be something special for the orioles....
Out with
So I was told that I don't have lots of numbers -___- lol I wouldn't say its my fault I just don't give it out so easily
lol i knt im shy. ill text you ? haha
": This bitch ask me who Junior Seau is on facebook, that gets not response back" the fuck someone not know Junior Seau
This show is ridiculous.
Just need 2 stick 2 what I've been called 2 do & leave some quality time to spend with my God everyday!
I thought you didn't know who I was so I said nothing! You shouldve said hi.
Happy Mother's Day! Enjoy tomorrow with your family & Mini me! You are truely appreciated and I am a proud Demetrian! :)
ignoring me because i didnt know what to say...yea thats nice...
Watching blades of glory. Omfg I love this movie.
good is the enemy of great, the vast majority of companies remain just that. good, but not great- Jim Collins
5 y/o boy: "This store has EVERYTHING. Honestly, what more could you want in a toy store??" #ThanksBuddy!
She use to stress him, find ways to impress him...Now she think less of him and wishes the best for him. ~Jermaine Broadnax.
Watching Newt is like watching a precocious child get caught in a fib
Money in the bank > money in my pockets.
ah best night ever! hooters, movies, two parties :)
Come on Rangers kick some ass today, gotta step it up #dodgersblow oh and
making a homemade blanket!
#WPA11 "two year colleges are writing programs, they don't have writing programs" what is this citation?
Why so quiet? You know that what happens in N'awlins doesn't stay there...
you may have seen on fb, but it's Michigan state :)
43k going to 1/2k. Been real patient but things are going terrible today. Would love to find some run good. moved to my right.
This time im serious, goodnight!!!
I know, right?! lots of free printable goodies to use for visuals! :)
RT : There are about 160 analysts at the #Huawei event, combination of financial analysts and industry analysts covering...
People with obvious, written goals, accomplish far more in a shorter period of time than people without them could ever imagine.
What's the word on the NFL lockout? #nfllockout?
Amen ! RT : Its been worth it all... Everything I been through, its been worth it all...
Mandamus is a "one time order by the court to force public officials to perform their legally designated employment duties. Fla.
Dick Cheney has heart replacement, immediately renounces Iraq war and calls for closure of Guantanamo Bay
It's for the best. Every thing is going to be okay. <U+2665>
Straight brutality with
What is your favorite civilization to study?
Next weeks specials at the #ChicagoSoupCompany include #ChickenNoodleSoup and #ItalianPizzaSoups! Tweet if you want to place an order!!
lol I have another picture that's funny as fuck
so would you be getting dressed IN bed...?
You'll never understand a quote until you've lived through it <U+2665>
not all the way-just have to make sure it doesnt overflow-love the liquor store run-what are you drinking?
thank you for following maxwell. look forward to reading your tweets.
No. Way. I so gotta try that!
imma take pictures.
smh.. I know.
I have an old records book (NHL ISSUE) from 1986-87 I think. Would you like if 4 ref material?
with her!!! Absolutely!
Tell me that Dexter gets better... I'm a couple episodes behind and man... They are losing me! Such an incredible series but, is it fading?
Beer is proof that the good lord loves us... RT
you need to go to teen hoot! I just looked up your videos. and subscribed. (:
Metta should b suspended! at least 10 games..i f that was a accident then J.R. Smith dnt have tattoos!
I want football to start agian already...i'm eager to see how well the Colts do this year even though they have alot of new players
Clever ploy to get me playing EDH... just might work.
Started Tempo Run with at 6:39 PM, on a new route, Runmeter will speak your replies to me.
: Behold the turtle. He makes progress only when he sticks his neck out. Conant, James B."
Who remembers sailor moon
did u ever go to sobs?
Pavelski had a goal, hearts of chicago were breaking - then the refs came to their rescue!
I finally learned how to do a fishtail braid!
I enjoyed "Don't Forget Me" from last night's Smash. Great reprise of stage show.
Hi Dave! Rock on is right! :)
I get called a nerd for correcting peoples grammar. There is a difference between its and it's btw.
thanks for the retweet. will you be in cannes?
That's awesome! (Can't make out the word under the eye - know what it is?)
hopefully i get a new skateboard soon! #PleaseDad :D
miss you too friend! Yes, soon! How was 30hour famine??
bring both boards :)
...make it work.
Ugh... this book is boring af and i like reading.
thanks 4 the follow
Delayed response--you (& your mom) were fantastic! RT Speaking at Harvard Club Chicago tonight. About Dickens - and my mom!
The weekend is here! Let's get this party started!!!!! Great specials.... H/C and color- $100/start. Call for more details!!! (619)338-8111
H gives Paul Heyman's ghost the Vulcan mind meld, throws down the mic like a bitch and we head to commercial.
I'm so glad!! Is there a way to interact with them?
Man, do I have a headache or what?!!
What a beautiful day in Vancouver ...
DC: On 11/2/2010, the residents of DC will elect a mayor for the next 4 years. Who oh who will it b? O, the suspense?!
#twitter can be a cold, ugly, mean place.
my cloths were on all night!
New Jana Winderen 12" is breathtaking, but the quacking is freaking my cats out.
pshh you are!(:
Wow another beautiful day in the chuck
not funny:(
I really dont have anything to tweet about this am.....sorry
What is on my mind right now? Love, falling in love, making love ,unconditional love, and eternal love.
I have so much to do this week. Already #stressed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul. ~ Douglas MacArthur
Wait you have a boyfriend? I couldn't tell by all the facebook posts and tweets
More amazing sponsors: Make Change Trust, The JBG Companies, Singhal & Co. Tishman Speyer
Sending love to our founder as she premiers her documentary today!!
Check out #channel7 tonight at 5!
Season Finale of Switched at Birth hellz yeah (:
fuck you, Ima just text Danny because he's sweet and nice to me c:
Today's #CovertTU word: ACORN – slang for someone who is performing an intelligence function.
I'm sorry, I won't be able to make it! Next week is going to be crazy for me.
#ireallywant Believe tickets.
give Tommy my number, k?
thats a foursome. like golf
Happy Thanksgiving to All from www.FreeXpedia.com
We're at the 2012 #NBIAConference! This great, and the pre conference is filling up quickly... Good thing we got seats early!
no u haven't foo
I love podcasts. I love & & & I could listen to podcasts all day. That's all.
Omg wear shorts OR leggings. Don't wear both. If you're gona wear both then just wear PANTS.
so I am not very good at tweeting yet, but it was a good thing. It meant my baby-sitter didn't have surgery
All this talk about OKC not missing shots makes me glad I didn't see that game.
J-E-T-S Jets Jets Jets! Celebrate last night's game with a tough workout at Velocity!
Style Matters: Earth Day causes; party with Tori Spelling; new Sephora locations
I would date you so hard and marry the shit out of you!
RT Dell to deliver purpose built products for education and other areas via end user computing
I love how #knicks fans are chanting "asshole" when #Lebron screws up or complains to the
peach ciroc and Patron
That feature is the reason I have to set 3 different alarms.
Youu Gotta Act Likee A Woman , But Think Likee A Mann , !
How's it going today ? <U+E057>
Ha. Thanks. Still waiting….
What's going on (:
Happy Saturday!
...the whole fairy tale myself, because nobody wanted to put themselves on the spot by interrupting me and having to take over.
No Browns in the top 10! This is outrageous! I was sure Jake Delhomme had it in the bag!
Google Listen on Android needs a share button. Episode 239 of This Week in Startups is awesome.
Skrillex at the Grammys. Wow. Never thought I'd see the day.
I rrally like how you're laughing at what I'm wearing because
it's ok we could talk to each other about it if you want.
Good morning and Happy Friday! Wow. What a fun night. Still feeling it.
I know, life is hard.
aye what can I say Just like the old song goes "baby I got what you need";) hmm just wait tell next week your all mine ;)xo
Maine inbox me jamal number
RT “: No Regrets. Just Love.”
I grew up in the Bay Area. We had spiders, but no roaches. I've been around them in Arizona & New Orleans. My nemesis
Looks like is going to be on Fire Tonight!!! Lets Rock!
unfortunately we would have to buy separate groupons for the photo shoot :( I think I'm still going to do it tho
worthy joining your DL!
After almost 3 months living in the East Bay I'm sticking w/my original assesment: Ya'll re-HE-ly can't drive fer sh*t.
I love chick-fil-a <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
So I think the roomies daughter and her friends have figured out a legal way to drink. They faking coughs for a hot toddy fix. Lol J/k
In my Miss Robbie voice if it don't make money it don't make sense. Just got my check. Instead of spending it on bs I'm paying off debt!
wait, did you just say something nice about tt?
-you have some righteous , cool music!
t-minus 33 minutes til bagel club. that's 35 minutes too many.
Mortgage Insurance | News and Tips
that smell loud as hell...
#18 im so scared to tell people how I feel.
I was happily power walking today!
Did have A LOT of drinks at your partay?!
“It is a characteristic of wisdom not to do desperate things.” - Henry David Thoreau
Thanks! I'll be tuning in as soon as I get off the circ desk in 15 mins
I'm serious! No one makes albums like this anymore. It's all about singles and bullshit. I'll see you + on tour!
Nice work.
Thanks, and thanks for sharing!
Go follow--------> for a #followback from me.
Anyone else's legs fall asleep after 2 much time on the toilet and then have to hobble out of the bathroom like you just got a spicy enema?
lmao wonder how they do him in there?
Cooking up something special in headphones
Whether you call it a challenge or a problem it is still an upstream thought.....go with the flow.
#Kony2012: Supporters say it’s inspiring a new generation of activists. Critics say it’s oversimplified. Who’s right? & does it matter?
Rise & Grind people!!!!
it does look flipping sweet. Excellent presentation as well
Yes, there is a ROSTER at Faneuil Hall, does that work for you?
Thesis is at the printer. [twiddles thumbs]
LA as well. Most places do. Look up!
You stupid, aren't these work hours tho? *switch modes* RT Open yours...RT : shut yo mouth!
excellent - #teamluau. Hill, Zan, check w I'll start making calls about the piggie. Break!
Still processing last nite...
Thunk! My 616-page mystery catalog from Restoration Hardware.
they playing against the vikings.
Be my guest! Aggregate away. ;-)
is the best sister ever! :) and i guess is a pretty good boyfriend! :P
Come and party with the kids
Thanks for the RT. BTW - Love the Meatless Monday pairings column!
Try a Gruner Veltliner from Austria. Considered the most versitile food wine in the world. We will see District of Wachau best
Beautiful day out
Render here. Render there.
why are those words mutable and not the other? Why not rewrite the end to suit? Is changing characters names okay?
...need to find my happy again...
That's awesome. Ole Rida Crispers would never burn as I drop a deuce
"Its better to be supporting cast in a great movie, then lead in a mediocre one" M. Damon. - I think this applies to life too.
My dinner (yes at 2am) was abandoned in the microwave. Don't even care. *flailing*
they're called "feelings" -- don't catch em...
what's o.n.e. Twitter bro?
can't wait!! See you soon!
15% OFF any meal over $7 at Leola's Crab Shack! Only w/ a
Yeah, I call it how I see ya I wish I never met ya, i wouldn’t wanna be ya <3 lil wayne
A huge thank u to and for the awesome #FF shout outs! Have a super weekend!
melanie? i like this name :)
The Spurs and the Thunder series is going to be crazy...that is, if they get to eachother.
Good 2 C U again Hope U have a Happy Birthday Bro! 15 is #Real enjoying every minute of it. Great success in
#BieberOnTheVoice Gotta watch my boy:)
Espeacially since its so hot here, most of the guys here are SHIRTLESS!!! :D
Very funny - that airs Sat AMs on PBS in LA along with HR Pufnstuf
Appreciate you following us. Hope all is well down in #Iowa!
I wonder if brett favre was fined 10K per inch?
RT : A new waterfall was discovered 2007 in northern Peru that is 3 times as high as the Eiffel Tower....
New data from Nielsen Research suggest that DVRs and streaming content are reshaping the TV landscape. The firm says DVR viewers aged 18 to…
RT : Contact Pelosi & Reid ASAP. Demand they appoint progressive Dems w/spines to Super Committee
Thank you!
im working on my video so i cant support the team but remember this is only game one
You could say that life itself is a stupid tradition. Don't analyze it. Just go. -Pretty in Pink (1986)
Thanks for the Christmas card, !
Who wants to down beers tonight
hey young lady! <U+2665> how's your day so far? :)
Love the sound of rain on a window.
lol! Tell your mom THANKS from PPSS :)
be sure to order the Ahi!
Sending 3Bet gear today to NV, MA, AL IL, NY, NE, CA, and MI. What states are next?
A producer is interested in our newest comedy about vampires....It's a movie you can really sink your teeth into~
Absolutely! But a good morning. :)
job. I work at the St. Louis Science Center. It's fabulous....a bit like Mke. How did u end up back in kc? Ur from MO?
never lose that
Lol my dad won an iPad at Gametime last night <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+008C>
Bryce Harper is the real deal
Heaven forbid, don't force yourself to watch any more Tar Holes stuff than is necessary!
Life gets hard at times, but you just have to push through it and have a positive attitude and you can make it through(:
RT - Good to see the New England Patriots got up over the Miami Dolphins today! Good start
Found a Chick Tract at the gas station!! #Atheist score!
nice- good one....
What will today bring ... i dont know but ir gone be or it aint gone be
Trust no one.. <U+270C>
Scratch Tablez requires midi yoke and pure data installed and make sure in traktor midi yoke is set for ur incoming midi controller
Customer Satisfaction is Worthless, Customer Loyalty is Priceless
Getting all the paperwork ready to bring with me to Mary Bridge in Tacoma for Lillie's appointment tomorrow.
at #myY my fellow lifeguard sleeps
Our staff fortune teller has informed us that our futures hold grills, Bock beer and marinated meats.
Hey guys! I need ur help! I need to know where to go for more good food and music!
Happy sat tweeples! It was a long week....glad the wknd is hear!
good morning! So happy i got tickets to see the online shows !! Xx
I loved the stickers!
LOOKING FORWARD TO CHECKIN OUT ALL THE COSTUMES TONIGHT AT KLUSOZ!! VIP SOLD OUT FOR ALL YOU WONDER WOMEN!! PEACH CIROC TONIGHT!! YUMMY
I need to start saving my pennies & then if you want we can talk about me taking a vacation to come visit you. Xoxo
Still need 100 followers by Monday..
If you see this, it means I can't figure out how to delete a draft tweet on my ghettophone.
Creating an opportunity, who needs design services?
well i tld u he would probably feel some way but when u love somebody u let nothin get in the way of u guys lovin eachother
I thought id feel somewhat better today, seems like I feel worse. Ugh
Finish finals this week, so excited to start up research full blast again! You?
Who wants to do a tinychat with me any MAOHMIES want to?
happy belated birthday keep grindin brother
#ToMyUnbornChild BS IS NOT ACCEPTABLE. ONE ONCE OF BS WILL NOT BE TOLLERATED AND WILL BE HANDLED W/ BUTT WOOPIN'.
We are an army of 2.25
Ah, New York East, the ballroom of microphone interference.
4th Ward Rockers series presents a tribute 2 #PinkFloyd by w/special performance by show starts @ midnight Free
Nolan's shot in the majors has come and gone. He had his chance.
I been that nigga
When it comes to making a decision, how quickly do you make up your mind and how slowly do you change it? This can tell a lot about you.
Hey talk to me
Hate this! RT : Increasingly, links on Facebook require you install an app to read an article, watch a video etc.
One more follower will make it 2300 today....My Birthday! Thank you! Please retweet!
Great! RT : I need to get on that soon! I'll have to go pick some up!
I would take that, in a heartbeat.
I have learned to be content in whatever circumstances I am in.
U not better than me
I Know. I can't believe we havent talked in so long. Anything new?
Just watched #sourcecode - great movie, worth watching...
A FUCKING AM!
1 more hour !
Everything is great!!!
Breakfast + wake & bake
TWITTER SPAMMED WA
what happen? :(
Chicks Dig TIme Lords. 1 of the panels at Archon 34. Torchwood back next year! Who is yr Fave Doctor Who? www.romanceinthebackseat.com
i love you too (: and you are very welcome you ungifted child <3
YOU are so kind!!!
if it was "Jersey Boys", even the children should have enjoyed it! #supportthearts. Hope you have a great Mom's Day
I wonder if anyone missed me?
Congrats to winner of our free pass to #androidopen 2011!
he's grown up and RT this if you've know him since March 2011' , I did <3
get some rest :] x
What an amazing deal!
#ff & HUGE thanks your support – YOU ROCK <U+263A>
I am tired of being a f*cking babysitter to grown people who should be able to take care of themselves.
Thank god tomorrow is freakin friday! And I'm going out of town too! #happy tweet :)
Thank you! We would love to have you come by sometime--we like your blog!
Morning cruel world...sleep walkin to work...story of my life.
Some (all?) conversations should not be held in a bathroom. (HR related especially.)
You know how sometimes you drink and you're fine but other times you drink and you have to piss like a thousand times? wtf is with that shit
Hah noo I'm definitely not, but it was great! A bunch of fun :]
Ok, retweet the other one now. :D You know what one I'm talking about.
Our pleasure :) RT : Thank you for following
You can kiss my ass..nvm how bout you kiss my clit
So, Fox News is really calling Pres. Obama introducing his mentor Breaking News? Clearly, they are NOT ready to deal w/Race in the US
Not having to look for parking is worth every biohazard I'm exposing myself to on this bus right now.
stop trying to be me
Email from Twitter: "Here's what's happening on Twitter". Mimicking the likes of
"Oh when the WIZ go marching in"
Eva Longoria should get back at Tony Parker and start dating Tim Duncan
About. To go practice for tomorrow.
Don't tell me... Beyonce?
I just wanna move already ! ! !
5 days remaining until the photo shoot w/ styled by ! The #BellargoBoy model line up is crazy!
thanks for the follow back!! You made my day <3
Yaaayyyy!!! Blonde Highlights here I come!!!<U+E31F><U+E00E><U+E405>
eye tv on Mac
1st Revolution Growth investment icreating a marketplace for govt to save significant $ & huge oppty to expand -
Where has God been working during the day in your life?
I tried talking to you but ur always so fucking aggressive & jealous & I don't talk to guys on Twitter I'm just a cool person
I bet ur just as sexy in tight jeans and a sweater!
Absolutely! Keep me posted.
The iPhone autocorrects 'bandcamp' to 'handball' so don't go to interstates.handball.com. It sounds dirty.
Everyones gettin tatted right now, so jealous but i have other priorities atm.
Bjørnshauge: EU It's complex, only part of Europe, many EU funded projects promoting OA esp. at policy level
Check take out menus in Koreatown...pretty sure I had it down there last June. YUMMO!!!
It all sounds delicious!
How the fuck am I lost in porsmouth? Ive lived here my whole life....
i think sjp is aiming to replace morgan freeman as narrative & commercial voiceover champion of the universe.
RT : Did you know you can text the library your research questions? Just text askcook to 66746 for instructions.
The great pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do. - Walter Bagehot
Can't even rent a car “: Like...what...our point total is going for 24 so it can't be on its parents health insurance anymore...”
RT : State of Modern Journalism. RT : Apple's Earnings Call Features ZERO Questions About Lost iPhone.
RT : Just got pulled over for being on the phone.. Got out of it by sayin i was reporting a drunk driver.. Haa ;)
what do you mean by red alert
“Diligence is the mother of good luck.” - Benjamin Franklin
Ryan Braun is first player to ever hit three homers at Petco Park. He is also first player since 1975 to hit three home runs and a triple.
RT : "The purpose of life is not to win. The purpose of life is to grow and to share. When you come to look back on......
Representing GA at nlld tmrw. If you have any stories you wish to share, please send them.
can we interview you, , , and on wednesday at the wallingford CT show 8/3 ? ..
every day I hang out with my nephew seems like the best day. ;)
her mom didnt kill her. She has been cleared.
Clocked out now going home !!
Its not how you go down in flames, but how you rise from the ashes:)
probably not the best time to finish my research paper, but I'm getting this shit done
Did you know we currently hold the title for the Best Happy Hour in Columbus? Come join us to find out why.
#puttwowordstogethermakeaninsult brit-fuck. you squeeze two british people together...and...well you get the idea...
We're putting together an article of places to go for good crawfish - let me know your suggestion and we'll add it.
I got a new one. I booked the first one from okc to Indiana..... Yeah. Hahah
I can't wait for the Heat-Mavs series to start tonight. This is going to be a great NBA finals.
Almost off work!!!!
prom. graduation. graduation party. . . all that means to me is how much money I have to spend lol
Life is what you make of it. Being negative all the time is a waste of the life you could be living and definitely takes too much energy.
I knew the first lady on #Scandal was aware of The President & Olivia. No one is that blind! Nice move
will be out looking for first 25 good women to join & support #iMentor women's committee this spring. details to follow.
#thevalueofafollower what does your company gain from a follower.
I had just gotten into EXILE when that song came out. And I was already a big fan of GLAY. They're really good rock.
Going back to Paris. Paris. Paris. Going back to Paris...now to shoot the REST of the arrondissements.
this bout to be incredible 2013 need to hurry up so we can hear that!
Can animals commit suicide ?
I believe every truth you tell!
i wish u would say hi to me im just a big fan of ur ur so beautiful pleaze say hi to me at least love david
crap still not 1 more person has followed me
I just friended you, I promise it wasn't on purpose :)
Kittens, kittens, kittens! #inmabackyard c:
This 9-5 stuff wears me out, ready to slack this weekend!
Who remembers those round fries with the smiley face? I used to love those
Never mind,gonna talk on the phone first lol
I showed him what it was lyk to be with a real #Boss aha(;
Thx, Shay! RT just read about Museum of African Diaspora on nice! =)
white people with lil wayne tatoos
Lawn Mower Beer - Any beer that is cold, wet & refreshing; guzzled quickly after mowing your lawn on a hot, sunny day.
Yup, has officially decided to not chill today... LoL. This makes me happy.
Ate way too many Popsicles which resulted in a very upset stomach and 2 plastic cuts on my lip =/
just take some deep breaths abby, I know you will do fine. the more you stress about it the worse you will do
Big thanks to Boneyard, Tao, & Anonymous Willpower for being on The Shakedown tonight! Support Rochester Music!
What it do lol
Seems to be a digit off... RT : People used to call an 800 number to get info on recruits?
thanks for the PR lol
u can bring ya boy
I am good, how is the new cd going? I want to get a chance to here you perform again.. Give me a ring when you can to keep me up
I'm not a smoker but I'm DEFINITELY about to blow these trees down today
Just left launch readiness review; lots of #rocket scientists. I didn't understand a word! But they are launching rocket to replace
Real Housewives of ATL promises to be big on drama but is short on southern belles & hospitality.
RT : Venus stations retrograde at 7:33 AM PST this morning, moving backwards (clockwise) through the sky until June 27th. h ...
Congratulations to Dewy Brooks and Susan Sternberg, First Night Austin's new President and Vice President!
Hey Columbus Campers, don't forget to fill out you #THATCamp Columbus feedback survey! Check your email inbox for a reminder soon.
Loving May already #feelslikesummer :))
Sounds like there maybe an issue with eligibility MT : ...Cody Dent looks to break his record in the year 4023.
Many months went into developing this software to get it where it is today. I can finally see light at the end of the tunnel. I'm so close.
Nice to meet you at #iste11 George. I hope you recovered your voice. :)
wishing all of you the very best of luck on your final exams!
RT : LOL!!!! ok..battle for the best quote "there's a cat in my stream"
OK SWEET LIPS LOL
they asked did I wanna b off...
Getting checks in the mail >>>
Printing and assembling invitations for the lovely bride to be !
RT : Happy Birthday, William #Shakespeare!
Newman sucks, nothing to see here NFL.
Good Morning! Please DM a contact#. Id like to speak w/you soon. Thanks
. Hello .. thx for the follow! You have my dream job...#RePurpose what an awesome business. Have a great week :)
aww miss u too and hopefully soon!
If you don't know who the Taliban is but you know who Kim Kardashian is, you're doing it wrong.
#BeastieBoysmemories needs 2 trend / we all have tons of things we did after seen what kinda of kick aas stuff they did
Trying to move some things around on my calendar so I can attend some events.
Will.I.am dropping thoughts on health care at Soho House
If there was an game show for lyrics id beat everyone except .
#webwise data preservation is an exceptionally important unsexy thing no one wants to do
what up, cricket?
Do you mean May 9, or Thursday?
I don't know if u noticed when he licked that chocolate off her leg... YES LOL
Did you stop by and see us at the #NWWeddingScoop? Want to try more flavors? We're open until 8pm today!
DougCo Sheriff's say Chris "Birdman" Anderson been under investigation by internet crimes against children unit since February.
Thanks for the mention!
": “: once again I'm your boss, Haha.” your a great boss" It's you're not your...
how old are u?
Theres no hope he called him justin mahone D: Watch him walk right past him and not even say anything fdhfksjfka omgg
MCA, Junior Seau and George "Goober" Lindsey....rule of three people.
HELL YEAH!
Hola! Ever in DC again?
a foodie's fling...pop-up dinner tonight. Find out about this latest dinning experience on 9News at 4pm
are you serius bro mr.awesome zack ryder gets no us title match you should get one woo
Grafton: Average person reads on cpu screen in an F shape; you read with pre-frontal cortex - not good for long-term memory.
Ugh missed church cause of dis hangova have me wakin up late
stay with it my man were behind you, 12-4 sounds good my man
Easy: The Dark Knight Rises, Brave (it's Pixar!), Total Recall, Abraham Lincoln: Vampire Hunter, Amazing Spiderman
If anyone has a working link to 's "A Boulevard Called Chagrin" article, can you send it this way? SI's link doesn't work.
I am thinking about getting a Honda Civic 1.7 CTDi S for a new car!
I'm thinking it works best to use it once or twice during the semester for a small group, to mix things up a bit.
Finally got my license that I ordered on March 12th.
thanks for the mention :)
Working on PayPal pro. Would that work for you?
#3wordsBEFOREsex hope this works
you are silly
sad you didn't give me pizza at the game :(
I want a motorbike. No, I need a motorbike. With my lack of depth perception, driving cars is stressful.
Ramp tacos were fantastic. Had button mushrooms from my box instead of oyster but otherwise pitch perfect.
I want the LA clips to beat the grizz
thanks so much
you're thousands of girls role model for some reason, you'll make it thru this, you're a strong person <3
would give it to u for free but I'm in grind mode, gotta get paid!!!
Need some more followers!
Good sex needed. O.o
haha original yet beautiful! Alicia is one gorgeous beauty :)
Pick-Up Line: Believe it or not, gettin' laid is still hard when you're this good-looking
Haha yeah! Really! When! I went to your house too! #PsychoMuch <-Hehe(:
haha! I love you Lux!! I am sure loves you too. He better!!
Hey, I just met you, and I'm pretty sleazy. So here's my number, call me I'm easy.
You and me both!
For years I put him second place but now his #iLoveYou improves our fate!!!
be honest, did you eat those 3 spam baos yourself?
Ughh I really wanted to go to dolphin :(
"all I wanna do right now is get me some chicken!" <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
Great! Glad to hear it.
"THE LAST SONG" BY NOW PLAYING ON #JACKIESPEAKSSHOW WWW.URBANLATINORADIO.COM
can't believe I just heard of you and your band today. You guys sound awesome!! You have a great voice!!
#media99 Armoudian: news across borders, Wikileaks, Scholar's Circles, her book Kill the Messengers.
Listening to a mumps pitch at
I know right! Poor thing, probably worst dress at the Met Gala
I said in certain situations it makes too much sense. But if your best reliever is RH, who cares? Use him no matter splits.
Did i ever tell you how much you are to all the #ICONiacz #RNGeezies And EVERYONE.. We all love you ... <33
Hehe. Congrats on beating the royalty!
#PhDStudentPanel: I love the 'new book' section at library. How will this work with eBooks?
Is it kind of sick that I don't want to wash my cheek because it has 4 British and 1 Irish kiss on it??? Fxck.
skyping at # padcampli innovation comes in time of challenge.Innovation and depression seem to go hand in hand
Reading an amazing book of adventure, strength, peace, and humanity--TO THE LAST BREATH by Francis Slakey, out May 8th.
thanks for all the RTs :)
and Have I got a surprise for you! unless you already got the email...
and oh yeah what the hell Starbucks must you use those little bugs for food coloring? why do u need food coloring in coffee beans anyway?
I do remember uncle Jesse. You can't b him, but u can b one of the rippers.
Great to see you! I thought was great. Those farmstand-library partnerships looked like great fun.
This is so going to be an outing next year...
Life is like an ocean. Some of the waves are small and playful, some are huge & come crashing down, but they never stop coming.
it is now!
#ThingsPeopleHaveToStopDoing : Saying "Anything I can do to help", without any intention of actually ever helping.
When I first saw it, I was like: "Romain Gavras' MIA vid completely ripped off my droog !" My droog agrees!...
just picked up surround sound speakers for my home theater. i need to pick a blu-ray. choices: jim gaffigan or avatar. yup i said it xox <3
Good luck. Let me know how you go!
The Hotel Derek appreciates you!. Returning guest should ask about the special rates and inclusions.
If your on a #team be the #leader. Not the
If only people put .1% as much effort into going to our shows as I put into tweeting about our shows! haha.
its so nice out
she got the nerve don't she lol
I wonder if I could write a Twitter bot that, throughout the course of each day, would tweet a poem of significance in little chunks.
why does everyone seem to think scholarly journals don't have ads?
Feel like giving trouble tonight :D
straight up thas wat im sayin wat u gon do bout it nigga!;): are you implying that I don't know what i'm doing!?!?!?:o
Yea wassup I wanna know, I know most of the story but not all..
Cubs have had exceptionally placed shifts all year. Sign of very good advanced scouting.
this bar is filled with men.
Can't wait to see our ecofriendly products on next Wednesday during the 9:00 hour! Tune In! #ecochic #design #fun!
ahaha, have you heard that song?
Lots of you curious about soldier suspect's brain injury and deployments. We're talking to Tom Tarantino, our friend from at 3pET
that is really stupid...really
Congratulations to on her new home!
or better yet, jest before checkmate starts whistling farmer in the dell
we'll thumb wrestle over this. Shits getting real
thanks for the support. What a great week.
It's Saturday!! RT : I got a big weed stash, pocket fulla cash, just seen a big ol' ass!
When you start to question the spelling of basic words in your vocabulary, it's generally a sign it's time to put down the phone & go to bed
I feel like fish.
Mr. Mayor, I ask you in all sincerity: What have you accomplished as Mayor that makes you a better choice?
I stand corrected: the travails of air travel are enthralling
A walk with mindful of thoughts
i was pissed so i drank a monster and ate chocolate and now im hyper as fuckkkkkkk
that was the the peak of amazingness
You sure that doesn't just say more about your colleague?
“: tebow to the jets, is this true? Is this good news for the roncos? #jets #broncos #nfl” good move
This is interesting: & the champ right now on
- The gang from were phenomenal. Our families LOVED their meals. Thanks, chefs &
Beth is cool
anyway, think it would be ok for an 11 year old. fair amount of violence, but no gore. a friend said he would take his 10 year old
hey you, where are you?!!!!
#nowplaying your call-Secondhand Serenade
Dear Karma, I have a list of people you've mist
Damn you Diablo I with your "Servers are busy" and "Request timed out"! LET ME IN, I have demons to slay and Phat Lootz, to collect
So the time changed and I wished that I'm in bed....
No doubt, girl. No doubt.
It's nice to have the weekend off.
#liber2011 EEB: ah, beautiful images of scanned manuscripts, woodcuts, bindings, annotations, text. Appeals to the rare bookie in me!
my TL forever moving probably over looked you sorry lol ..an you should've but I can believe it they go after the ladies
You're welcome! Glad you liked it.
I'd rather be alone than unhappy.
I have about 10 loads of laundry to do today. #Yayyy!
Only 2 days until What Happened In Vegas and more at ilounge! Come like our facebook page, were giving away tickets @ midnight.
that's the one!
I WISH
Guess who? Chicken poo.
Yes! Last night I hung out w/ Below, Benoit, G$, Valverde, Dirks, all the Fox sports familia and more. It was a BLAST!
you got that you welcome .....
What kind of prizes would you like to see for #TacoTrivia this week?
I love the seniors <U+2764>
dude how one we've never talked! We should! Hit me up next week.
I have no plans for tonight.. Hopefully something will come up .
Thanks brotha RT : Happy birthday to my brother yo
what does that mean
You light up my life. You give me hope. You make me want to throw up. Debby Boone turns 55 today.
Things I like: cats. Spooning with my cat. Sharing food with my cat. Am I creepy yet?
you look john carney missed extra point in 2007 against the panthers
I'm as happy as a kid waking up for his birthday ! :D
Everyone hits a brick wall now and then; the trick is not to do it with your head.
it'll be triple if its still out tonight
just heard your new song. WOW. So proud of you :)
I'm not saying it's right but I definitely understand why some animals eat their young.
I'm in love with my best friend..:/
I hate the new longer pin code - it makes me go to the web site less often. Four was cute - now it stinks. My $.02
Been thinking a lot about using that kinda thing as a way to extend the reach of meetings as they happen.
Looking for advice on selling paintings
Just ate some YAKISOBA!!
you said no she didn't...
my server keeps losing lots of time even though it is set to sync with a time server -- any ideas? it was just 25 minutes behind
Loving this moment
Fwd:Msg: Pass the heart <3 to everyone who had ever made yu laugh, love, smile or has been there for yu. Hope i get one back!
#FF #Austin - our fantastic friends
Spotted: grown man in a Sirius Black t-shirt.
thats hard one...
IT'S MY BIRTHDAY TODAY AUSTIN!!!!<f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'm now listening to my twin!
FOLLOW MY PAGE... I WANT TO REACH 1000 FOLLOWERS!!! FOLLOW MY PAGE,, FOLLOW MY PAGE.. MISS ALEXIS TODD ON TWITTER
I'm so tired
Mary had told her friend during the show that it was wonderful, so incredible.
also, Bruce Bowen ain't walking through that door. (he be tripping instead)
Larry: "I need that house. I NEED IT. It's the only place I have a chance of being happy. With HER."
following people
Great participation on Twitter at #MW2012 ! It has improved experience overall. Congrats!
or actually see you this weekend @
birthday is on thanksgiving this year aaaaaaaaawwwww yyyyeeeeeaaaaaahhhhhhh
Lovin this rain!!
From this day on... Its all a mind game!
Thanks beast bestie, I love you! <3 :)
Vera Wang Bridal House you should be ashamed of yourself
Sorry to be missing #Foodiechats tonight for its one year anniversary!
Nice day to skate.
damn straight. Haha
Did you know Joe?
#UHbsb errors are just killing them. this game should be over.
I hate the majority of people.
You got me FUCKED UP girl, i'm use to bad bitches it take more den looks to get me HOOKED
Arrivals: When She Woke, Hillary Jordan, Island Beneath the Sea, Isabel Allende, Haunted, Chuck Palahniuk, Audio Book of The Night Circus
Oh shit, The View is on!
When I try to type "she" my iPod autocorrects it to SE ;)
That new Dre and Kendrick goes in.....
he's gotta take lessons still but u 2 both r beginners... so he could mess well.. but idn how his singing is so u might..
#veryspecificnewyorkreference told my friend 2 go to herman's for a spinach dog, and to hollar at Crazy Gabe, he'll dance.
City Recess SWAG Party happening now
I must be a magnet for the needy...here we go again
I'm sure a majority of America would agree with marriage as 1 man and 1 woman.
Ha... the wife is getting mad because I'm watching the #Masters per-match on the big screen.
"Rock Dog Revolution" is scheduled to be released early in 2012.
thanks so much!!! God bless!! :)
What if we were all zombies once and there was a human apocalypse? <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0080>
thanks! no estimate when I called to report at 6, but I just called back & they said 10-noon
I never feel good enough...
Lots of buzz about this book (SEE YOU AT HARRY'S) - I'm looking forward to it.
Yeah...was just in LA for 5 days....coulda been fun
I'm telling you he is a great singer follow him plz
There heads look like potatoes!!!!!!
Hey, you. Yeah, you reading this. I love you. c:
Going swimming at the pond laterr.. Still think its funny that I'm going swimming 3 days before Christmas! Lol, #redneckswag :)
Its about time we thank you again for following us! We hope it has been pleasurable.
Last Final!!! Freedom!!! :D
Gov. Walker on new positive jobs numbers: "The facts are the facts and facts don't lie."
Adding Lamu, Kenya to my list of places I want to travel to someday
I would have fucking cried -__-
on the day that dawn truly breaks.
Did he tweet about how much he loved a tournament structure or something?
New song up on our myspace! Check it out!!! Http://www.myspace.com/falsepositiveokc
Ain't a woman alive that can take my momma's place
Ugh I'm still grounded and I can't go to sleep but I have to man this sucks !
Im mad that everyone left me so Im basically home alone -__-
HoeLies #37: I am not a freak.
hi <3 i just called yous
I am going to have good day!
does give advice? writing buddy & i are curious how commitment survives solitude? re: last line of acknowledgments in open city
Them black beans done a number on my stomach.... Bahahahhaha lmao >.<
If you rest, you rust. ~ Helen Hayes
i have passages tattooed inside eyelids for easy reference....
Have i gone insane or i finally get dubstep!!
People might change but there are two things that you can't change them. Their name, and the memories you've had with them.
I did my part this evening! :)
I suggest you all do the same RT : I'll be taking so many naps this week so I have plenty of energy for game on Sat
yeah, and I hope there is more work there...i need a job haahaa
..and the Lord sayeth unto thee...though shall not chose belligerent customers/people or smacketh dumb coworkers upside the head. Amen.
lol if I ever get myself to your area, you'll be the first to know!
I agree guys.....love Cromartie! I just hope none of Young's antics come here....fans will NOT take well to that.
breaking: Pres Obama's advisers convince him to flip-flop on gay marriage b/c of malaise among liberal/progressive activist base
hey. whats up?
its going to bug me!
Old people fucking Facebook up.
I know I keep talking about it.. but I'm so ready for this next project, it's not even funny. The shit I didn't say before, I will say now.
just breathe.
#NP Hoody Hooo Master P, C-Murder&Silkk the Shocker
poo, Study hall after study hall, even in blades I do nothing .. Same too
RT : Never wait for someone else to make you happy, change your situation, give you anything. --> You can count on ME! :-)
That awkward moment where u walk into a party and barely know anybody there.
thanks - good thing they don't allow longer bios or we'd both really confuse people ;-)
Our 2012/13 catalog is getting final edits now! It will be out to schools by mid-April!
I love crazy geniuses. But once your crazy outweighs your genius, go eff yourself.
WHY do ppl sing abt leaving, crying, sad things, adios, etc. when trying to convince judges 2 let them stay?
Yes but I am in my pjs already. Go to the grocery store lady!
@ school... in tech class. can't wait till next period, math, Alyssa brought in cupcakes!!! YAAAY!!! (Congrats. Lee DeWyze!)
thanks for the mention Barry! How goes it for you?
Great day of basketball yesterday!
agree, he's taking the stick it to 'em stance a little too far. I know Bo was rly high on Uthoff. Should let him go b4 NCAA appeal
I come back June 1st
That's the one (if I can do it without getting fired, that is).
Send me your emails if you would like to receive my awesome Aligning With Alisha December newsletter, full of great info!
Oh, I'm no hack. You left your wordpress login page laying out in the open. I'd never do anything illegal.
Congratulations, Mr. Maslyn, for speaking wonderfully to the board on behalf of FLES!!!!
2 more followers :)
lolololol i love how yur replaying to every tweet i post. &&&&& My mommy knows someone who will do it:)
your welcome. no, i live in arizona, why?
HI LOU! how many songs have you boys made so far?x can't wait to hear them!
Yes, definitely! I wasn't in #Orlando, but kinda glad it rained, the plants I just planted needed it!
Milton plates two in the fifth and cuts Monroe's lead to 7-5. Don't touch that Twitter dial.
#VampireDiaries!!!! Getting into the show!!!
sometimes i just friend people on facebook just so i can look at all their pictures and determine how fat they are or not
We will need fake under-21 IDs. And courage. Are you in???
feeling like haveing something to do
Really like the drafting Stephen Hill. He can have impact as a run-blocker & deep threat. Needed a WR to play opposite of Holmes.
r u going there?
Follow the newest #Badgers commit here!:
Man's heart away from nature becomes hard. ~ Standing Bear
time for another galley chat! I'm always curious what other people are reading!
what i didnt see them and i was watching this the hole time.!
I can't wait to go bald and grow a ponytail
Here it comes...
Megan Fox &amp; Brian Austin Green Cheer the Lakers to Victory ...
Thanks for RT!
TRAFFIC ALERT: I-43 at Center is now open. Backups will subside soon. This Traffic Trouble Alert presented by Westbury Bank Home Loans.
Hassinger for life
Flying by myself for the first time... So scary hahaha #prayforme <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3><U+2708>
yup so how have u been
Black gold you meant?
#WashingtonDC Is there any tv show that you hate because it depicts your city incorrectly?
I can't drive so I have to run.
i really want to see #HarbaughBowl II
HAHAHAHAHA MAN U
News @ 11....An ostrich egg would take four hours to hard boil...but man, what an omelette it might make
ahaha not like that!
Wish i had somebody to talk to this shit just got worse i dont even want friends
got u
#np Turn To You | Justin Bieber
Today is Melanoma Monday. Take care of your skin: wear sunscreen & encourage early detection of this potentially fatal skin cancer.
Ya we should meet up
I am regretting not bringing more cans of that highly caffeinated sugary sweet beverage from my fridge today.
Good point! Hard to convince some sts (and tchrs) that process is as impt as "the answer"
Don't worry dude, we just gotta fight it with... COFFEE
Thanks Chronicle writers. Enjoyed the session #exceededexpectations #unbundledu edu11
well gonna goo take a break fist hahahaha aww that joke never gets a laugh XD
Just got to work and the woman I work for is helping her teenage daughter bake a penis cake. Trying to sneak myself onto the family tree.
#2012c19 thanks everyone for tweeting our panel... Now at kinship panel despite directions from front desk. Nancy Bentley rocks Clotel.
"Put an umbrella in your mouth." - Jim Henry
It's been a fun afternoon at the #TasteofSpring at //
Gov. don't foreget that us Retaiees on S S only will have to Pay 9%Sales Tax +State S.Taxw/ Cain's 999 that means 666 to us
Yeah I thought so. Actions say it all. I don't believe shit you say
Eggs hunted. Ham eaten. Family time enjoyed. Overall #Easter was a success!
Face. Door. Slam. Don't say a word.
my little brother :) thanx a bunch!
Cheerio! Congrats on the new shop in London!
Attendees are totally engaged with giving them a great social media head start!
That 1 hour delay did not help at all
I've worked hard for my ass, I'm gonna look at it!
Absolutely. Whenever applause breaks out at various times from the audience you know it's a hit.
loved today's #topicalcurrents about
helium plus alcohol..prob not a good combo
what about expanding the cookie business? our team can help, website, kitchen space, standardized recipes.
trying to be ready by friday
Happy Songkran! RT : April 13th marks the beginning of Thai New Year... Happy Songkran to all of our friends, here and abroad!
Woo!! it's consumers like you who keep me smiling every day!! RT I bought some Kodak batteries today... Hopefully it'll help :)
": I just wanna be happy" I Can Help You With That! Lol... J/P
No reason (except extra .50 each) not to do both. Jacket for ad copy and sales in shop, remove to prop up and use in kitchen.
why you gotta mess with me guuuuurrrrl
Were talking your "Live" calls. There will be lots of New York love in the house this evening. Giving away CD's don't miss out on the treats
what we all know now? No. During that class? Yes.
Learned that at dinner w/ Woods. NPR has big challenge to outreach to minority listeners.
Earlier at the city council meeting, Mayor Lewis happily donned a "chicken hat" in preparation for the coming two Oktoberfest weekends.
now i did
im going to taco cabana u got a nigga hungry to
great question! please ask it in class on Wednesday.
": FOLLOW THE OFFICIAL LIL BOOSIE TWITTER PAGE > "
I know right? #immature RT : who the fuck are you? putting their shit out their? You don't know them
What if any of the Bulls could dribble?
Hah. I didn't know I had that much to say...that's probably saying something. :)
Oh no! So Tiki won't be at #shmalentinesday?! :(
Thank you! Look forward to it. Nice shirt! ;-)
it's just acrylic paint and poster board and a picture! Lol
“: Girls, be happy with who you are. Dont try to be someone you arent. Wait for the guy who likes you for you!”
Roll of Thunder, hear my cry, hear it roll on past the Lakers by and by...
"Don't bother just to be better than your contemporaries or predecessors. Try to be better than yourself!"
his first dance. One more to go!
pictures today?
RT : Still trying to figure out why Boston tanked this game. No game yesterday, 2 days off, and just punted 1st round home...
Many thanks for the RT!
That is one of my favorites - first had it at Great Sage, a lovely vegan restaurant in Maryland.
great news! Go team
thank you
Everybody keep smiling, it's Friday. You made it through the week so be proud. #TGIF! (:
hopefully Benton comes fast!!
I had the best dream last night! It made me so happy. I wish that dream could come true.
Booked the role of an NEW YORK ART AGENT in the Indie Feature, ROOFTOPS directed by Joshua Hayes of Plastic Tree Pictures: Shoots April -May
I could really use a collge keg party this weekend, like the ones you see in a movie
Oh! I love your new avatar. I didn't recognize you at first :)
And then of course, he's incredibly nice and warm, while insisting we use the most demonic photos available.
Yes, have heard good things about nVivo as well. I used HyperRESEARCH 5 yrs ago in my diss. I think is similar.
Follow my girl .
El Patio in Midtow: Best damn FREE day party period.
Long day..relax mode
Bird Brains (picture of coach and Dodge with stupid looks on face)
“When friends tell you how awesome you look, drop the "I still have more to go" crap. You worked hard and you deserve the compliment!”
check my Facebook you can see the picture.... yeah we can meet at pick n save
scratch that. Christian Smith is winning, big time.
bye <U+270C> out boy scout
That profile seems fake, I don't think he would talk like that on his twitter.
=( RT : you're fired for an imbellished resume
OH WELL HELLO THERE RAMON.
Happy golden birthday to Graham! #3isGoingToBeAGREATyear cc
RIP UNCLE TEDDY.You will be missed. Your memory will live on forever!
bout to hit the gym
Why did I decide to take a may term class again?!
couldn't happen to a better bunch of guys, brother.
Up bright and early for our #microCT scanning day - fossils, orchids and bluecrabs
until he's traded to Orlando for Dwight Howard.
Of course!
.e, you too cute <3
My mom ALMOST bought me #ridiculousness tickets :/
We're allowed to wear yoga pants at Roosters. #getpaid ;)
lol. i like how you say you hate all the sluts at our school when your actually one of them.
Jump on It is easy to find. Right by Neighborhood Grill & McD's.
Thank you! Hope you're doing well!
yes they are...now we need the FAB 50 :)...special team...
Sorry, just got to DC for the weekend
love you boo bear <3
Sick and tired of being sick and tired.
A team already drowned is not troubled by the rain.
Go Big:RT : We're trying to revolutionize shopping in a mobile app with [If you don't innovate, you die]-
Good thing about being up at 1:30 - you get to field an un-expected APJ question; bad thing is I have to be up in 6 hours :(
whoever said that must seriously lack innovative thinking skills :-) You have some of the best ideas at the Library!
Working late on a Friday.. Getting ready to release our new logo and other new things soon!
Mine too they are with us even though we cannot see them. Happy Mothers Day to pet Moms
'The Artist' and 'Hugo' Lead the Pack in Oscar Nominations
Anyone but Kesslowski, please. Go Matt!
ahh I have to help at a recital rehearsal... we def need to go sometime though! I need sun <U+2600>
Models for this project and Are you following them?
drawing a blank. Why was Liza crying? Sweet sweet memory. So miss AMC. Watcher from day 1.
i love it
Go !! Good surprise to come home from the gym and your team has a 3 goal lead.
maybe you need to change up your calorie intake or workouts! You may be on a plateau and if you change things,
-We goin to Haze next
That was awkward & out of no where. Okay then.
Excellent choice! Song of the day: "Sultans of Swing" by Dire Straits.
Come over.
Wendy's for dinner...lol..back to work
Geometry should be fun tomorrow.
Thanks for the mention, ! Getting reading to set up my trusty Diamante for some drills!
So, so sick. I need a Full Heal and a night at the Pokemon Center, stat.
1st nite of the music biz class @ New School, NYC. Charli Persip sat in for awhile. Love his comment "I'd jump off a building for her love."
Welcome aboard! We are glad you have joined
Raise yo hand if you gots some chocolates, but not the coconut ones they suck
Gut check time for #knicks. Let's see some effort
My friend has had the device replaced a couple of times, but they seem to last for years at a time; makes me dizzy thinking
If you're the kind of person who says "that ish cray cray", please stop and evaluate your goals in life.
best of luck , Ashley! We will miss you.
Hopefully and left at home...
Hey baby
Slight tummy ache guess I had to much
GM are u being good???
Make way for the 4th wave! RT : My daughter was a kid then.She's 20 & a 2nd yr at Occidental.I'm sure she'd ...
School swaggy.# keep them grades up.
i tweeted 54 tweets in on day ;p
Thanks for the RT
SAVE THE DATE: SAT 4/28. Pgh Vinyl Con RETURNS! Interested in vending? Drop us a line at:
have him contact me asap.
Im hungry as hell .
Wanna know why i follow ? Cuz he is awesome, funny, sweet, follows back, DMs, good advice, and did i say sweet?
I hope gets some CMT Awards nominations...especially since I'll be in town for CMA Fest & can get tix for the show!! ;)
Over 2000 students graduating from tri-c today, good job yall!
Hey poets / poetry scholars / poetry lovers: can you recommend any poems about or involving genetics?
A visit to the large bulk section at Thriftway yesterday has turned my desk into snack city today. Love them yogurt-covered pretzels.
- Southwestern City Schools!! Awesome fenced in backyard!
In college, we used the "5-min rule" for a professor to show for class. How much time for a colleague for work meeting?
- Belated thanks for the #FF last week. As always, much appreciated.
me too!
Coming home all the things I didnt want today...dinner, candy and flowers.
heading to hawaii tomorrow... lunch on the 15? or something the following week 100%!
I think my four most recent followers are spambots, but hey I made a promise and so I have no choice but to follow them back
Amen, brother.
what it do Nephew?
Thanks for the #FF! Just started following and all because of you!
I love ! Great stuff!
Even if some how I made a step backward, I would still be stepping on you little cockroaches.
Practice makes perfect. Reach for the stars. Or the moon. Saturn is really pretty too!! - Ross Lynch
damn bro I'm pissed
ate a bag of 'classic B.L.T." chips now I can't get the taste of lettuce out of my mouth...
Why is the comment period shorter for the NwHIN RFI? Takes a while to analyze and break down for patients/advocates...
mornin....um on yo trail,follow me back....thanx!!!!!
Thanks for the blog post on your literary and TV interests.
At the Alpha Phi Omega - Theta Upsilon chapter 20th anniversary dinner/formal.
Excellent! Thanks! for the DM with the name of the app, i'm buying it now, there was a price drop on it recently too. :)
hell no
You simply paint Cubans with too broad a brush. A defender of LGBT rights should know better.
RT : Morning! Fans can attend practices 4 free during Mini Camps later this Spring, & Training Camp in Jul Thnx!
your PAC-12 Champs the Oregon Ducks. What a great season Ducks now let's get it done at the Rose Bowl.
has mixed feelings about 's hair...
Just got off the phone w/ with He's such an an awesome dude & a fellow alumni as well!
If she only knew....but i guess she doesnt!
Both great choices! I'd also recommend the Red Snapper Tacos, very popular and quite yummy. Enjoy! cc:
I Know bro lol
can't wait for #DeezyThursday :D
C. Really like 17 gm season with 1 neutral site (uk, japan, la until they get team, mexico city) and 2 pre. Everyone wins!
Don't we all!
justin bieber recording in miami tonight on my way to stalk him !!!
Thanks sydney c: <3
RT : Can I mix in with your affairs?
There actually isn't any connection, it's somewhat controversial, really.
I know the answer to the question in your eyes.
Hahahah! It would be like you beat me to the punch if I actually had the presence of mind to connect those dots.
I'll let you just sit in from of my car!
Writer's block
sounds about right haha
I drove past your studio this weekend on the way to Mercedes.
Belief dependent realism.
I've been known to bottom out
you're a fool. his trajectory would be downward if he made contact with his feet on ice. not to mention he does it constantly.
What'd you order and how was your food?
Follow me it's Cynthia!
These kids I work with are a great reminder of why all my friends are older than me...so much drama!! I'm too old for this...lol
So bored with FB...or is it that I'm annoyed with all the changes.
I wanna go home already.
We'll have the Broadway Armory full of vendors and shoppers if you're interested in swinging by for lunch on Saturday.
The pineapple is my fave. When I bite into one of those real chunks of fruit--heaven!
playing a little on Full Tilt. Just one small cash table, and one small sitngo. in 2nd out of 9 with 5 left.
just dance forever
Just wrapped up a g-rated sales call, but somehow managed to eek in the words “package”, “thrust” and “in your box.”
#welcometoDetroit Finally, my city is acknowledged.
Tyler broke the miiiiic!
Tech Support is updating layout on site-may get an error for about 15 mins or a scrambled mess. Hang tight Tweeps! You'll like new flow...
y'all owned!!!
My chick bad looking like a bag of money.
don't know how much longer I can watch this...doesn't anyone agree with me in saying Dubront should not have been taken out??
Only if you sing "Call Me, Maybe"
i'm one of those guys who wants that
Bored as hell
miss it gurl soon as u left it went down gurl
The only thing I really like about NY1 news is the Sports from 11:30pm to 1am and maybe the Traffic and Weather in the Morning.
Waiting to board flight...some woman is doing tai chi and some guy is brushing his teeth in line...people are funny
I never expected to find a life that could mean more to me than one lived out of a suitcase. And I couldn't be more grateful now that I have
All into this law n order episode like I never seen it before o_O
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.
are u going to opals thing tomorrow
I'll always care, but if you decide to push me away.. I'll go.
don't follow your fashion sense. should you be wearing high waters???
I totally agree man. Just wished that I didnt get stopped by them.
my mom got quite worried about my sister at that age because she only read Holocaust fiction. SO MUCH EXISTS
ahh nothing much just out doing some shopping wbu?? :)
RT #Girls hold on too long....#guys let go too easily
. has gotten flack for its (lack of) safety initiatives but nostalgia-inducing ad makes me want to believe it is "evolving"
My first 4square loyalty special at bring on the free lagunitas and $2 tacos... ime encanta!
That sounds so good right about now!! RT : they have their own Starbucks in the ESPN cafe
RT : Listen tomorrow 6:40am when Ben & Mark talk to mourn4's Rob Sax about his ode to Favre "For the Love of the Game" hilarious!!
thunderbolt with Noah(:
uhh... trying to figure out this twitter thing while mixing music... maybe I should stop one... or the other.
Atlanta Film Festival tonight for V/H/S. Out of Hand's Joe Sykes stars in the Dave Bruckner part of the sundance favorite. Sweet!
One-third of voters are not watching live TV - spans all parties and ages.
I'm watching and a zoo put a gorilla and a bunny in a cage together and they're friends. That is all the news I need.
DJ at the Hawk With J West. Come by
since been since been. I ain't gone expose the obvious but u know what I'm gettin at. Smh
Seriously, I'm a jazz musician and scatting is lame. The only people I know who scat are high school kids who like glee.
Welcome to #BBN Derek Willis!
GrooveShark is playing Pampers commercials while listening to Last Caress. Hm
You cant buy happiness ...!!
True. RT : Theres a special place in hell for people that dont text back.
The B&B I stayed at this weekend had a handout on their history. Interesting idea.
I don't want to see Georgetown vs Villanova, CBS. Bring on the #Mizzou Tigers!
I need to go get a massage. Asap!!
": Just Noticed You Not Following Me 0_o" <<< I'm following now
I would be remiss if I didn&#39;t wish you all a Happy St. Patrick&#39;s Day!
Day 19 of my 19 day work week. glory glory hallelujah! only 8 more hours to go! then a ...... WEEEEEKEEEENDDDD!
whose ass do I need to kick! No better be pickin on syd and max!
First break $5k from $2k starting stack...so far so good.
Only team that deserves to be in the Superbowl! 49ers!
tweeting you from Navy Pier right now:) <3 I love you!!
Money can't buy happiness, but it sure can rent a lot of it
awe nice have fun. i going to get groceries now
thanks for coming in tonight!
Happiest folks in arena.... The walk on's who are lacing up the boots as they say in the Wrestling world!!
Many thanks Laura for following us back, look forward to interacting with you.
This, forever, times infinity RT ATTN #YANKEES GO HOME YOU DICKBEATERS
So everyone from school gets to be spammmed with my owl city questions. Oops.
yea ok
yep. Prolly can't use it till next weekend. But at least it'll be done. :)
I figured you'd be the only one following my tweets lol. Thanks man. And my g/f is saying the same thing. She had to go back today
Never be afraid to put a price on something. If you pour your heart into something and make it great, sell it. Jason Fried in Inc. mag.
Today was a perfect day in the Bay area. Dang...we need more days like today!!
#FollowFriday Awesome folks! (via )
be safe!
Bring me a cute <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099> lol RT : Enjoying am last few hours n
gonna be doing shit like burberry store openings in taiwan and blowin K off the empty space where girls eyelid cuts are supposed to be soon
Plus..like tidy notions of love, our culture also sells the notion that introversion is pathological.
#jazz Playing tonight 8:30 at Caffe Vivaldi on Jones St. off 7th ave west Village
You never played infield lol RT : baseball should ban turf.
#boyfriend #1 everywhere? Favorite song on replay! love you, been supporting since 1 time! now to get noticed follow?X44
It was nice to meet you at the #4sqday ice cream social!
Kaitapatha, thanks for following us on Twitter!
Going to benefit markets where casinos close to teams. ie: NY+ NE will benefit, but will Redskins, etc? #NFL Casino partnerships Q4:#sbchat"
u deserve it!!!!
Lovely chat w She's the sweetest woman. Smart, cute, cares bout animals, runs ... Awesome!
"Draw a rainbow." "Awe did you draw Bieber?!"
hello #tweetdeck! :D loving the new look.
Hey twitter :)
It don't matter to me if its dark or not ;)
finally found a great agent to work with!!!
#HIMSS10 was a great success! Thx goes out to all our great partners. and Ledcor Construction.
Skip only plays with himself. RT : I'm curious have u played in the nfl
RT : There is a historical lack of access to reproductive care for Black women & it continues. We must improve.
Hey Iowa! Vahalla's very own is speaking & judging the 54th Annual ADAI Professional Design Exhibition in Des Moines.Join him!
happy Cinco De Mayo & happy birthday Ashley :)
Love HU football? Make a donation to the team TODAY! www.friendsofhowardfootball.org
Information about Dangers of Bextra: Find a Lawyer, Attorney
Play indoor tennis! :)
"Hi! I asked you to order a book for me." "umm, no, I don't remember the title or the author, did you buy it for me?"
I truly believe - the Law of Gus!!!!!!!
You too cya in the morning :)
y'all just pray for me in these mean Houston streets...
okay alright will do next time!
I swear afghan people always try to find something to talk about ..
the website still isnt working. Some get on but only get as far to pick the city they want then it crashes
we are the better team. Believe.
sushi with Karebare. fun!
Movie date?! Can u believe you're there already? Where'd THAT time go?
Those who like me, raise your hands!! n those who don't like me, RAISE YOUR STANDARDS!!
still no word about poker players funds...heard rumors that FTP is busto?
I'm not even mad bro
I'm not quite sure how the reader got the book, since it's still being revised. Maybe a Hollywood person? Hey anyway! Neat milestone.
#replacesongnameswithchicken Put Chicken Up, Where Chicken Belongs, Strange Chicken, Chicken To Atlanta...
Seriously, I could smell the coffee grounds when the bag was sliced open.
please follow for me <3 only if you have a heart
Thank you! Im glad you took the time to listen
Always a pleasure! Enjoy dosage one of your weekend :-))
RT : Great time exploring seaport #history of #NYC last nite , along w tasting dif local #beers. Beautiful space, too.
"My Diiickk" Sam who? RT : have you talked to Sam?
OMG. Read the Pulitzer Prize winning feature story. Bravest Woman in Seattle/ Eli Sanders. WOW. Story had to be told. So well done.
It gets so late so fast/:
Do you love Twitter? Love this 40% off in LUCI, bring a friend, just seeing if this works!
toaster waffles. :)
"what did he just say?!?" "idk but I think he just pulled out a beer and a feathered hat while saying it"
for a minute i thought this said "hatcher library got bombed." i was alarmed.
I still haven't told my mom I lost my ipod at school, ha it's been 7 months d:
Daniels would have been a disaster.
What an awesome event that was.. long live the SweatStock
I've always said Jack is the most sensible of all my cleveland fans.
Yes I agree lots of gr8 recipes RT : Pinterest is a great source of meal inspiration!
ABC5 WOI-DT News, Weather, Sports in Des Moines, IAMan to plead guilty in Marshalltown fires
#acbowrimo goal not fully met, but did make good progress in between homemade cheese bread, mint tea, and phone calls from great friends.
Girl on the plane is wearing full on legit moon boots. She's either really hip or a total looney.
gay rat 3 way
If you're a baseball fan, and have Netflix, and haven't watched the Ken Burns baseball doc...I hate you.
Just got shot in the eye with a nerf gun..
This is so super random, but I'm trying to remember my login for MySpace....
Finally. Someone who believes in my love for Hazza...
we'll all meet them someday, lol they save the best for last c:
Seriously tired tonight... bed sounds good... but first, a Miller Chill :)
just told me that in preschool she got me in the sandbox and kissed me.
My momma and sister need to stop playing and take me home
awesome! let me know when it's done and I'll tweet the link :)
So I just heard the words "my Weeden jersey" for the first time and im not feeling the best about it.
I promise i'll get some soon! Just to make you happy.
you the best!
Yes, and I am stronger for it.
Torts is my hero for doing what he just did to Pierre McGuire. So funny.
There's only one thing you've got to do for me.. Just promise not to stop when I say so.
she's decent. I actually considered her in the case Colossus was taken - nice range and an AoE power. (This is down to a science.)
where do enjoy dining in Denver when visiting?
I'm just letting y'all know tho!
Great day working on time for guitars and vocals! www.starlightstudiosorlando.com
has outstanding ratings week after week, and for cbs to pull this stunt now, is totally stupid. cbs, you need to rethink your actions, or
Who am I to call myself a leader? Does this have anything to do with traditional masculine and feminine roles? #erl12 #questions&comments
Fishing the jamboree on lake Beulah in the morning.
Please help someone in need, it could be a smile, advice, or food:)
...well I guess it was kind of cold when you were here. Maybe you have a sinus problem?
RT : Both the Volkswagen club of Milwaukee and the Milwaukee Model T Club will be featured in the parade on Saturday of...
My dad bought my second cousin who is 7 months old a steven hawkings book ...
Just finished season 1 of
I think last night was one of those conversations that will save this relationship.
key words for 2012 - recyclopath, personalization, and give-a-nomics...what do these mean to you?
i have so many problems but so do you so its okay <3
Verizon touch is the worst phone out there right now
thanks so much from our whole office. You made our friday.
Rebecca Black songs
Are there counterfeit dimes? Is that a real thing? If so, I think I have one.
Probably a bad call by the refs there, but I'm not complaining.
To reach a port, we must sail—Sail, not tie at anchor—Sail, not drift. Franklin Roosevelt -
"The best way to overcome undesirable or negative thoughts and feelings is to cultivate the positive ones." ~ William Walker Atkinson
"Nothing worth having comes easy."
yeah, but you can rock stinky and hairy JM, darl x
Tell "The Colonel" says hi and he really needs to meet me if he thinks you are #allthat! LOL
I do have a couple of wonderful co-presenters for two of them. Should be OK. Need to finalize lightning talk slides.
Friend was driving. Got in accident. Were okay.
Most of the things we do during the day are designed to keep us from hearing the thoughts in our own heads--or even having them.
I'm so excited for this weekend but more excited to start training with you looveee youu bifff
Waiting 4 the bus
im gonna hit you w/ some specifics about some shoots i want to do with you. Def by Mon.
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. ~Jim Davis
so about this yoga thing? my hammies are crying already
g00d morning RT Boobs are to men what laser pointers are to cats. >> true that!! thx
Half Price Sushi, Wine & Beer from 4-6pm! Also get ready for Ladies Night tomorrow from 6pm-close ladies drinks for 1/2 price!
YEA YOU'RE RIGHT GREYSON'S GRASS IS BETTER
I'd have been fine with Greinke bunting there, but not Hart.
Homework flow waiting for my Queen to text me back >>>>>>>>>>> there it is <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D>!!
Phone call, work, work, work, meeting, twitter, bed
lol ya i want to. but wen? i cant go until after the nutcracker.
Need to get the hell back and make some money. this trip is costing me
#YouKnowYouRatchetWhen your Facebook name is "Jessica IWIllPutYoAzzOnChildSupportQUICK Williams"
niggah wht are you looking at?
wonder if they'll lose ratings next year. it's already sometime-sy this season as far as quality writing for episodes this yr
thanks for being our first follow on our new twitter. Hope we catch you out at a show sometime!
Had a great day with the girl at King's Island... BEST weekend ever and BEST girlfriend ever!!
RT : me acabo de acordar de la MEJOR del viaje "with the slut on your shoulders... I mean the fox fur"-- LMAO!!
Thanks for the
Fantastic that'll do pig, that'll do. (for now)
LOL at all the target commercials with that little blonde funny looking lady :'D
Decisions, decisions...Seriously though, THANK YOU for the shout out today. Love that people think it's cool!
Customer panel - has 750 users live on Xactly Incent
Let us know if you want us to market your service/product.
I'm watching the fight right, and you pop out behind mayweather ! :D # amazing moment ;D
Thank You Danny. Yes, it's a wonderful story!
get a pic of you on that cacti
Fave part of riding bike 2 work in support of green initiative? Solo riding partner is his publicist. Spandex and press releases!
Thank u ;)
Well that all depends... What kind of tips?
I can't stand people that complain ALL THE TIME!!
Going to take my written test
In the game of life you either win by having a loving family and good friends or by tabletopping Philip Seymour Hoffman.
Getting ready to order photographic archival supplies and feeling entirely out of my league.
#MirrorMirror was great. I expected it to be slightly different, but was pleasantly surprised. :)
I always tell the religion hawkers at the door that I'm a Conversationalist. They're never sure if I'm serious or just stupid <g>
m just testing it out! Have no fear - I won't pin all the time :)
Yeah it was really good. Certainly didn't mind not having a TV.
Congratulations, people!
Best sentence spoken at restaurant night: "it's all collocation" said in response to an insight about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.
#bluebloods Best line: "I don't have anything on you yet, but YOU are my best new hobby."
it's a bad omen to leave the state Capitol.
That's what happens when people flap their gums about beating the 8th seed in game one of the playoffs.
They played call me maybe, they better play the what makes you beautiful annd boyfriend.
Smart thinking: "The minute I start to overthink something, I know I shouldn't do it."
How about a strikeout!!!
definitely..... Send me an email at
so sad about the football player " Jr" who died by his own hands... makes you wonder about all those hits to the head football players take
Miracle on the Hudson plane is parked at the Pax Exit of I-77 South right now!
blah, not true. My coffee is not the same w/o milk. I'd make a horrible vegan.
: what's the secret to your $40 million? How much do you make per speaking engagement?
goin dora,where diego
Crestline is part of the Ainslie Group. What is a lunch and learn?
#Manhood Tour give me a shout
I have some serious anger problems. Forreal tho.
RT Hipster mosquitos carry the South-By-Southwest-Nile Virus.
I'm jk damn women learn to take a joke lol.
BEST SHOW EVER
Thanks for liking my page Oz! :-)
yes yes yes! You must work in my office :|
I like your logic!
people are straightup confused!
Haha noo i still have my blackberry but i don't bother using bbm anymore b/c iam getting the i phone soon loll.
What would your name be if you were a girl? Shoutout to Jada From Canada.
Hahahaha I hate bugs.):
I like quirky characters and humor in writing.
no school for me friday or monday hahahahahh
It's like this.. there's more to these bills than just B/C.
we're about to #godumb fellas
always the best idea! nothing to do? get a beer/herbal tea or whatever...and go to sleep! :)
Prediction: in next 5 years 50% of articles will be published OA. Look for forthcoming article in ACRL journal.
This just-coffee cleanse I'm doing has serious drawbacks
finally! got test data into Google Refine and can see Freebase & RDF extensions. Now to learn how to do linkeddata with it,
wow that's beautiful... I may need to drive down to NYC to check it out!
Good tools for improving email blasts: A/B testing significance calculator and email subject line tester
they had me until their flash website... however, mini pies is quite enticing so I'll probably cave
Salted, sugared, stuffed, or small: Wheres your fave DC spot to get pretzel inspired eats?
problem is that I hit reply. any platforms to recommend that permit correct syntax? not DM after all...
how international!
If you haven't done so already, check out our latest video on #YouTube of us exhibiting at #CES last week.
Kinda feel like playin monopoly
if you need a car tomorrow, I'm off & happy to lend you mine.
RT : Old as dirt but still keeping up with the times! Happy Birthday to Wishing you another 140...
They talking about you on the half time report right now. :)
Hanna Montana
then we are fellow alumni
My cousin Bob Bell is working in Kenya studying telecom infrastructure and new submarine fiber optics in East Africa. www.seacom.mu
thats a good goal, even a bit more imho, altho when you tweet over 20-30x a day u can risk loosing followers
Great idea! RT : I'm riding my bike down to the arts festival and tonight! Care to join me?
MY HARD CIDER NEEDS AN OPENER AND I PACKED MINE. O_o
not much Justin. Is that how I should refer to you now?
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!!!!
no thank god, plus I took a vitamin C
Oh, Joel Ward. How quickly one can go from hero to goat.
Yesterday, first yoga class since moving back to CA - definitely feeling it today!
lol wait that is hilarious
follow me back please? my old account got hacked so u should follow my new one instead ;)
Last Sunday w/out the NFL until February 12
Honestly Bryzgalov... You're ruining my life.
Taking it one day at a time
Home from a 5 hour drive to VA and back... having a drink & watching the Preda/Coyotes OT
The New York Times has reported that children's author Maurice Sendak has passed away at age 83.
very nice. I'm anxious. You home yet?
dope session tonite. alot has been completed.
I've never been...hope to make it out there soonish. So lovely.
I'm really bored
Wow. Jk y'all.
hey sry I got grounded but not any more
Text ECON6 to 86677 to vote for us in #SCAA people's choice
- Should listen to that, too. Love listening to :)
Love your new name! lol Happy holidays
Clear now chance of showers we'll have to wait to see. sleep tight! Blessings!
My nigga need some followers come #TeamFollowBack follow for a follow he returns the favor
Finally finished the fifth Jessica Darling book. I am conflicted.
hey when are you available to talk? Sorry I missed you the other week
I fell asleep babe.
Accept responsibility for your life. Know that it is you who will get you where you want to go, no one else. -Les Brown
Happy Valentine's Day! Make sure to save a little room for vino! From your friends
A rare newsworthy moment: Chonger's dead. Peace to the people of N. Korea.
I will never forget my 5 brothers
I told & she said *say no cuz i like MJ*
RT : US: Weekly jobless claims @ new 4-yr low. Good sign, although complexities around world keeping things on the edge.
The man she beat had 10X more money than she did an lost but they moved her into a more democrat area so its going to be hard
New #thekills album is legit
The early practice was awesome... We work on Maniac and Before we find our dreams.. Hope u guys like the new version...
Its better to have a life of 'oh wells' than a life of 'what ifs'. ~
Congrats on the win!! My Ravens play next week.. lol
hope you all had a merry xmas!
Chicago I love my radio..stay got me rockn bak n fort
Tonight's meeting moved to Frontier since Winning closes early this week. See you there!
so did you see Johnny Depp performing with Marilyn Manson last night??
Ya and the only a word u should call a guy is awesome
no I was at church for ash Wednesday
I fucking hate being sick >.<
We <3 nerds.
it was amazing! I hope to blog about it tonight & share some pictures. I love being a wife!
The gallery for now. Checkin the scene. Saturday days seem slow. Whats happening?
I'm doing p90x its intense!!!
Jesus what a day, I'm done!
i literally had a panic attack at the last wilco show i went to.
Toothbrush Express offers great deals on Johnson & Johnson Orthodontic Brushes and most oral care products.
I just want to tell u that ur the most beautiful woman in the world n I want to meet u someday I thought u can do me a favor
in the pit in heaven!
Jessica Sanchez's fans are rude & stuck up. hmm.
I'm basically adding a ton of shit onto this Titanic lesson tomorrow (that I'm getting observed) and I'm confusing myself.
Just called Melt...an hour and a half wait. Is it that good? We should just order pizza instead.
The deadline for early applications and scholarship applications is December 7th! Mark it on your calendar now so you don't forget!
When do you know know that summer is over?
Yep, both start with an RE. Definitely one to check out. My favorite of the fest.
#np Work Hard Play Hard - to sick
Prevention is always better than cure
lets fight about this in DM's lol :)
get well soon
Damn, the #Sens are pouring it on. Congrats to Lundqvist for not peeing his pants.
Happy than a MF! Got my whip today with help of my Love ones... A double shot of Henney 4 that!
Productive day at work, great report cards, lots of great Zombie talk, an almost 70 degree day, and FAMILY TIME with SUSHI. Life is good!!
Before yolo did you think you lived twice ?
A case of jam for me? You shouldn't have.
A woman knows the face of the man she loves as a sailor knows the open sea. Honore de Balzac
Love reading from everyone here & on FB who voted against Amendment 1. So many, which is awesome. Hope everyone else stayed home.
We also have a crew at lower Manhattan location this weekend doing multiple 3D face/head scans for a TV pilot. What r u doing?
in your mouth
Doc&#39;s Legacy at EG&amp;G: Global Environmental &amp; Oceanographic ...
thinking.... i should goto bed...
haha we are people of our word ;)
Ah I love jalapeños.... There my favorite!
Just ran into an old friend and fellow performer Nicci Claspell! It's a small world after all ;)
YET: US #employers post 3.74 #MILLION #JOBS, the most in FOUR YEARS! Bullyah! #Obama #RT Kyt :j Ps I'm a bull!
Transverse hires Former NetSuite VP of Worldwide Biz Dev As Chief Revenue Officer
Classes are almost out! Ready for warmer weather and vacations galore!? Gladiator sandals are an absolute must have.
DEFINITELY!! RT : My weekly dose of motivation: #sharktank makes me want to do something extraordinary.
My dog is afraid of burglars. I had to put a dog alarm in his dog house.
This is how me&Lauren txt. L:NO WAY m:yes. L:WHY? m:Idk? L:OH. M:ARE YOU YELLING AT ME?????? L:No my caps was on.
I'm home alone, drinking away my sorrows on Christmas.
Honestly, i dont even know why i fell so hard for him. We didn't even last that long ugh i hate that i love him.
Thanks for the #FF shout out! Sorry that I missed it during my Twitter hiatus, but it was a nice surprise this morning.
congratulations on your second trip to Canada.
I freakin LOVE Her music touches my soul!!!
We believed that anything that was worth doing was worth overdoing.
This would be even more comical if you ever saw me actually play basketball.
*S* Hon just remember for the exam any real life examples of what is being asked....you will be ok on the exam as a result !!!
: is he gonna strangle her or is he gonna whip her Me: Why would he whip her Dearalexandraa: hahahaha idk
just fucking leave me alone asshole.
Did you hear about the man who had an accident with the reupholstery machine? He's fully recovered.
Been so busy I forgot about my twitter page. Website upgrades are complete for now. Thinking about hitting the course Thursday.
well I think.
come va? how are you in italian
reading NYC news of madam in jail, was struck by irony of her locked up at Rikers vs Zimmerman free after shooting a teen execution style.
June Kilz Army means saving the planet one song at a time.With an evil sounding E minor chord!
aw! Thanks, buddy!
You see, conservatives only care about us vets as long as we're cannon fodder for their wars, or political props for them.
Got home from school...hanging with skylar......I feel loved by a guy named shane<33333333
Did the Lakers peak to early?
I know its CRAZY!!!
well happy bday to u beautiful & ill send luv 2morrow also
Don't worry, we'll be going at least 5 more times... Come on down
tasty ! damn im hungry now
I love thunder and lightening.
Locust point. We are here !!!!!!
there has got to be a way for me to move to London and make money. Any ideas??
A little Bird told us Encore Shoe Department will be opening next week by Sears... What's your favorite style of shoe??
early bird I see. Just woke up. It'd be half an hour before I could be ready to go
Great sax player to follow->
#RejectedPickupLines Do Your Feet hurt Cuz U Been Runnin Through My Mind all day Long
Grab your rain boots, its my favorite holiday! Happy Step in a Puddle and Splash Your Friends Day!
Heads still exploding at
Been in the house all day bout to take a ride
Happy birthday!
how many ladies ever tried.. "the faucet"....i'll be back in a few minutes to describe it ; )
After physical injuries & heartaches this year, today we are at DISNEYLAND! Happiest place on earth--pour it on me! Temps today: 73 hi
Just arrived at ladies bday dinner :+) time for some sushi!
Thor in the avengers gave me a nerd boner.
With you on that.
I love this quote "rain today, I have the hair of a newborn baby duck!" lol thanks for making my morning funny ;)
Hows your day going? beautiful day here in Miami :-)
You wanna delete my tweet Twitter?! I'll fucking kill you!
“: Gabe from good luck Charlie is cute. #cougar” i thought i was the only one who thought that omfg
another round
Would love to grab coffee soon! :) Better question - does Pepper have a real name yet?
Going to St. Elmos?
I'd like to be the ideal church planter, but I'm too busy planting a church.
Sly Cooper: Thieves in Time snatches a spot on Vita
Shout to my brother for putting me on to the benefits of shoe insoles
Everyone come wear what's on your mind www.insanityshirts.com
Just saw someone tweet that they only feel bad for homeless people if they have a dog. Fuck you, you dumb ass.
Solid, great danceable Salsa music is the foundation of Salsa dancing.
DUDE I KNOW! I WAS SO UPSET WHEN I SAW YOU WERENT FOLLOWING ME! But YAYAYAY now :) #youareawesome !!
Lorem ipsum generators need to cool it with the "molestie"
Ha! RT : Toast, cheddar and ketchup “ I want a California-style pizza... *sigh* Is there a gourmet pizza restaurant in JA?”
Early mornings late nights.
Fire at Crown Plaza apts in Clark cty badly injures a man. Waiting to hear his condition, and find out who he is.
you're nowhere near me, so that does me zero good. :-/
Christmas is the gentlest, loveliest festival of the revolving year - and yet, when it speaks, it's voice is has STRONG authority... wjc
It's only halftime and my voice is already raspy
I want to run a full marathon before I die!
what's up in Charm Cit-ayyyy!
Need to tell this to Obummer especially RT : Just because you *can* do something doesn't mean you should.
Real dude since day one cause I aint promised day two
I follow do you? How could you not, he's been giving away smiles since 1999. Awesome.
will follow if he loves his fans. :)
GET AUSTIN MAHONE VERIFIED WILL SOMEONE TAKE A PIC OF IT TRENDING AND TWEET IT TO MEE!
good look bruh
Thanks for the follow from San Francisco video Photographer Napa Sonoma siliconvalley silicon valley wedding
#LIS768 Great video choice with The Onion, it seriously summed up the digital divide quite nicely!
Today in 1995, Jerry Garcia dies at age 53 of a heart attack after having checked into a drug-rehab facility in Forest Knolls, California.
Your welcome(:
this is not a surprise. it has been the case for a while.
Don't let parking hold you back! It's free (for an hour, with validation) in the Public Market lot just across the street!
I hate when players try to draw fouls at the end of qtrs. They rarely work
Yeah, you're telling me. Avs (likely) and Habs out. Now what?
Stop talking about me like I'm not on Twitter!!! Lol! I'll be there later, as soon as the party's over! ;)
Work out sesh
What a cute look! Layering a sweater over a dress is a great idea!
So long as we love we serve; so long as we are loved by others, I would almost say that we are indispensable; and no man is useless while...
..., but this cab is my meal-ticket so I have to obey the rules.
Is TEQUILA helping you stay warm this Winter? It's sure helping us! TEQUILA THURSDAY! $2 Margaritas all night long!
Poplocking all up and through my timeline because I don't work tomorrow, bust it!!! LOL <f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0086><f0><U+009F><U+0099><U+0085><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
What a big sports night. #NFL Draft round 1 and 2 game 7s in the #NHL Playoffs.
you should come to our zoo--we have pandas!!
The family that grazes together, stay together. That's right! Family night starts @ 5pm tonight, see you there!
yeah you right I always smell a lack of hygiene...or weed
Picky People >>> They Know Exactly What They Want .
nice post on HOB yesterday...good info... hope it happens
13 goals given up in 2 games. I can definitely see the logic for leaving him in there.
Either way, they make the walk to campus much easier.
U and me both punk ass bitch ass need a haircut ass“: I hope we win. I'm fucking Grangers mentions up”
Iconic boys
English, but only if you get them little riding boots. No hats. Koalas hate hats.
Thank you for all the love over the weekend!
im not gonna a happy camper in the morning.
can't go wrong with it.
subtle yet assertive
It's Good Friday! Do you have today off from work?
The biggest compliment you can give your clients is a referral.
And he shut down 14th Street for fifteen blocks during rush hour in the process...
Last chance to put in your answer for most exotic place EOTO played DEADLINE 5:00pm 3/15 (thats today) Answer on our Facebook Page...
ITS FRIDAY!! FUN WEEK WE HAD SERVICING ALL OUR CLIENTS!!
Promote yourself free on the site on my profile. All social networks. Follow 4 follow? i'll follow back in 1-2 days.
this week better go by fast...
Do it!
when are YOU COMING TO FLORIDA?!?! :D
Its an amazing place that's for sure.
I will definitely do that!
Someone needs to write a rich text editor that's the right balance between having good formatting options but not allowing TOO much.
we do! I wanna go to a party lol
Hi Joe! It was fantastic meeting you at the #Thriveal GROK. Glad we can connect on here. Big Monday plans?
No Kid should go to bed Hungry! We are here to help any Jewish family with food and bills - It is “Matan B’seiser – Bderech Kuvod”
Is this Flo Rida dude really on TV wearing a leather vest & no shirt? Um...no. Who thought that was a good look?
I am bored out of my mind :/
did #adderall plan on having a national #shortage right before finals week?
hahah tell me one!@
For all that's good in America: Go Giants.
Thanx for the follow. WE'll look into some of your apps. #SocialMedia #SocialCommerce WE Liked your FB page.
you play us in what?
Can't stop thinking which is causing me to stay awake...
im rolling in an '81 m-b 240d hybrid ... diesel/waste vegetable oil and, yes, i have to pay fuel tax on both
yes! I tried it yesterday, loved it!
You're just influential about everything important, but we knew that already :)
i miss you all too, but not st patricks day in BG, lol
SO TRUE!
Dear Cell Phone, Please invent a "take back my text" option.
I just inadvertently made the spiciest tacos EVER. thanks, trader joe's!
will be announcing an exciting partnership with #TED later today
non much, being black.keeping it real in these streets. wassup wit u?
Thanks to Chris Payne & MOBfest founder Roger Jansen for plugging us on Friday 06/24 @ The Hard Rock Hotel
Lolol i never understood him! Haha mr dionglay was cool too!
RT : is live-Tweeting updates on #VA Tech shooting right now.
Dear radio cab cabbie...just lost respect for you and love for the company. Way to be rude and ignorant about YOUR driving mistake.
Amid DSK, cops and prosecutors on rape, HR1 Pakistan debrief Steve Inskeep,producer Asma Khalid Islmabad Correspondent Julie McCarthy HR2
Blake Griffin is by far the greatest Orange player in the NBA. His nickname should be Vitamin C
WANNA HEAR WUT HAS 2 SAY ABOUT THE NBA FINALS? GO 2
Definitely! We're at booth 809 if you can catch us.
I advise you: when you have the opportunity to have someone so important and loved in your life, don't ever do them wrong
Hoping that 's boss pays him well & provides him with time off & great benefits b/c he is the hardest working guy in SD tonight
Only 14% of exhibitors have purchased an eco-friendly booth according to Exhibitor Online study.
Thanks for your tweets & for joining the conversation yesterday!
I love hearing songs that use to sing to me when we started dating!Just to show off LOL
Breaking Sports: #19 I'll Have Another wins the 138th Kentucky Derby horse race
The weekend is here!
I'm on campus...It's pouring <U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614><U+2614> and I don't have an umbrella <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081>
Austin doesn't like girls who cuss right? Well uhm,not being mean.. But why does he like Alexis? She is BAD NEWS.
Your list can create returns greater than real-estate, stocks, etc. Learn to feed your following.
I unknowingly put on a green shirt today. St Patrick's Day
Nothing that happens on #LeapDay counts. Thanks for making a meaningless 'holiday' exciting, ! I'll be wearing blue & yellow Wed!
Final Testing for the #Vegas microsite offerings tomorrow | We'll announce the launch early Friday all being well | The Players Choice!
Come see me at break (back of front section-white/yellow dress) and I can share user name and password!
Brandy hasn't visited the same place twice but she may make an exception for 's new location. Three words: Punk Rock Brunch.
“: Will be testing Ankle tomorrow and I gotta gotta play this game. So pumped” - make is happen! All in!
Follow me @ Mygiee on Instagram , i follow back ! <U+30C4>
May I call 'em 'displaced immigrants'? :)
Common at louis at Fontainebleu tonight
Has anyone noticed when Boehner fakes his outrage he looks like he can't hold back laughter?
Find it funny when people post links to my page and don't even bother to listen n support me.. I will not show you loov unless you shw it bk
Having a case of the Monday's....but gonna let this music work it out!
i will hate to be a neighbor with spongebob
I was showing early symptoms of becoming a professional baseball man. I was lying to the press. ~ Roger Kahn
Congrats to all the graduate assistants finishing up their degrees! Best of luck
Happy Mother's Day !
#NAD2011 - we're in Bradenton at Manatee Village Historical Park talking hist cemetery mgmt and proper maintenance - have the GPR for demo
Swear he do some to me !
What are your favorite #staycation restful and relaxing activities?
Certain things are a must on the #weekend. Relaxing, spending time with family and friends, & a trip to #Starbuck ...why not?
Nepolean Dynamite cartoon?! Really?
RT Happy Fathers Day to all the dads out there! thx brotha!
How did I somehow end up with the most beautiful girl I've ever met?
Some would say that's why the coach needs to not have the 45% FT-shooting oaf in the game.
Thx for infos! I will try to exercise patience while also checking out some other artists.
neva that G!
Owen Daniels down
Hope the Colt's make a comeback tonight!!!
I am sitting between 2 NASA astronauts at the Engineers' Society of Western Pennsylvania Awards dinner!
OHMYGOSH!!!)': I'm so srry Austin!! </3 well, she is in a better place now... We will ALL miss her! #PrayersWillBeSentToYou<3
me too, all good now but it's over! :(
Wait for it...
Looking to improve to 2-0 after getting dunked on in locker room.. Ironically, first-ever Fri. dunk came Week 1 vs. Pittsburgh...#goodsign?
U have No Rights To Shut me up!!! & U don't even know what happened for you to shut me up!!
TRAFFIC ALERT: Injury crash WB Beltline near Fish Hatchery Road. Use caution in the area.
what's wrong with you cousin??
"I was scared when u said my art will be based on my own ideas, but i started to listen to myself and I had ideas!" Kayla gr 7
Sergio’s Landscaping is a trusted provider of lawn maintenance services in Phoenix, including dethatching.
DM me a link to your resume. I'll see what I can find out
Thanks for the RT RT "The Glass Circle" feature by is casting today in #Vegas. 11am-8pm @ Hollywood Bound
Borrowing my mother's car to drive to Nashville. Opened the trunk & found 25 lbs of lead shot. Huh?
If you've never heard Tom Augst talk about the reformed drunkard & temperance lecturer John Gough, you should come to Paper Trails
Thanks for the recommendation! :) RT : flash cab
No, it's the brewery in Boston.
Wallace please keep rebounding keep caring. This is it.
As we lay huddled together under the tent, which leaked considerably about the sides, with our baggage at our feet.
Multiplexer Emergency Arts newest gallery to appear February 2nd, come down to see the new space!
Uhh oh. Dry here. Better hurry on my cigar. Glad for heads up!
Thanks, Wesley! I do miss my friends there, I should have added. You won't believe the stories I have to tell. Beers, yes.
my grandma and this lady are talking about good fathers that can't have their kids bc of what the judge says. lol.
#When guys wear PINK<3 hot ;)
Time to do this paper thing. Two hours of solid work means I get to watch the Knicks. Challenge accepted.
Darin Erstad on the Big10 considering moving baseball to summer "I couldn't be any more against that idea..."
Go Vote
Women & Creativity Workshop: Coptic Stitch Binding with a Window National Hispanic Cultural Center 1701 Fourth St SW Dates:3-9 8am-12pm
We are at Sunset and ARVILLE today. Across from Color Graphics!
I don't I look angry lol.
Gut rot
": #DisneyFact “Nants ingonyama bagithi baba” at the start of Lion King//Wait, it's not "Pink pajamas, penguins on the bottom"?
Amen to that!.....RT Learn something new everyday! We are here to grow, to evolve & to become our best selves :)
Today's CQ.com article was about the budget cuts, cost controls and other financial aspects of the Senate intelligence authorization bill.
A real trooper! RT : I refuse to let the rain keep me from you today!
A wallflower. You see things. You keep quiet about them. And you understand.
well come to twitter. None of us can do it. Lol
that loser choked :lol7:
thx -- think it's a wrap -- nyc deployed overwhelming numbers -- was not even a question
damn, you def got that rodriguez blood in you.. Lol for sure. Hope to see you, we gotta kick it fam.
Ready to get my drink on with some of my favorite people!
Booked at the Drawing Room on the 22nd for #ChicagoRestaurantWeek and can't WAIT! Where else should I try?!
Cheers to that! I knew you were wise! ;) RT : Always
Maybe the beastie boys should just focus on making films with every possible celebrity cameo - they've really nailed that!
My family is hoping for some good news today, so send some awesomesauce vibes my way, please. :-)
spiking the ball on 3rd down?? what the hell!!!
it's good, but it doesn't sync to anything. If the changes you made synced to iPhoto on the desktop then it would be better.
Remarkable employees know when to play and when to be serious; when to be irreverent & when to conform; when to challenge & when to back off
I LOVE YOU<U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C> AND I wish u could I'd been there for you DUKEY! I miss my bestie!! I know Casey took amazing care of you!!
Happy New Year, as if buying new calendars alters the fabric of the universe.
" They'll tell you, 'Quit now, you'll never make it.' If you disregard that advice, you'll be halfway there."David Zucker
He says HI!
Blake Griffin just pooped on the Rockets with that dunk.
I'm so hungry. But I don't wanna get out of bed.
I Registered for the webinar but never received instruction on how to get on.
for the viewers
I'll be doing the hopefully in #Philadelphia because I'll be out of town when it's in
Congrats!!! So excited for you. The show is amazing!
Best of luck to our US World Cup team! Let’s go red, white and blue!
The League of Libations meetings are presented with ! Check out their site to find where to eat and drink in #Madison!
Off to #joseph rehearsal. Then to hang. So ready for Saturday!
that's the second time Sterling had used the "Raul Is Cool" home run call this season. It's pretty horrible
yep. That's all. Straight from the book.
Our latest rescued guinea pig is getting pretty bossy these days. Demanding veggies while lounging in his bed. Makes me smile though.
i'm bout boredd as sh_t . Good thing I'm coming home tomrrw ! Guess I'll watch a movie til I fall asleep .
Finally, 1 more today : How To Publish, talk by Gordon Hutner, founding ed. of American Literary History, 2-3:30pm, Bryan Faculty Lounge
Always know that youu shine brighter than anyone does <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B5><U+2764><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+00BC>
I have summer school too):
Oh and since you very well know im your secret santa, letting you know i have your gift and i didn't forget about you! :D
that was uncalled for by a guy you've been talking shit about and wanting them bitch ass lakers to trade
what happened now?
I want some kale chips. I have to drag out my dehydrated to make them & go buy some kale but I think I will!
And I do miss you, twitterverse! I just desperately need to study. For the next month.
Think like a man ...act like an #asshole yup
has taught me to #believe in my dreams. one of my dreams is for him to follow me! #neversaynever ;)
Brett Favre is back!
i"ve got big balls you've got big balls but we got the biggest balls of them all, my balls are always bouncing lol. :D
good it was cute :) wbu
Our business cards could use a fresh new look -- #Tallahassee which spot should we go to?
well I'm Landon. But you already knew that from my twitter name haha.
Pictures: Megan Fox&#39;s Low-Key Lunch Date
Dang, just missed in studio on 99.5 with Big Shot Jason. At least I'll catch him on #DWTS tonight.
You better not!! lol
not very good, we lost 6-2 in 9 innings.
House appears to be standing at ease. We missed the motion, though, so not sure. Anyone?
My eyes are dry
Really get a sense of your shop from the pix on your FB fan page, John, very cool, love the B&W...
have a great training day bro
Yes! RT when i get some money im bout to join the i've been meaning to do that forever
Lmao my sister is gonna be like Ohh God ^.^ Ha ha xD
Finally got to watch #NewGirl... LOLed all over the place!
RT : It's supposed to be in the 70's tomorrow. We'd like to call that pretty perfect weather for our ROOFTOP opening! - wanna go?
Another sweet upload this morning to #ilovedetroit! Just a few days left to share your story!
I Actually I Enjoyed Walking All Outside.
Cried myself to sleep yesterday v,____v
Up not giving a fuck.
Mellow Wednesday at home, catching up on some sports; Lakers, Kings both playing. Let's go LA!
So, I'm rereading and I'm noticing that Katniss is so whiny and annoying at the beginning of Catching Fire. Teenagers.
At that note, I refuse to let that bring my spirits down
Good morning everyone! Now it's time for me to go to bed, but idk if I can cause the suns out! Xoxo <3
Josh Hamilton's ABs are already must see television and its May.
wish you were us hm?
Okk Haha Ugh I Think Im Loving ikey Now haha Im Just Gonna Love All of Them Equally
wish I could! Sorry :(
Ironically, I almost bookmarked a list of alternatives to #Delicious in #Delicious. #doh!
Alright, sport. I'll shoot off an email to you tomorrow with tips!
M sushi, which member if WORD is eat sushi and which one is eating a turkey sandwich?
ha. seems like one too many :)
After a long weekend of work...I'm finally in my own bed...Embassy suites DC was great but I like it here Richtown VA
(RT) if yall want to see a no instruments mixtape w/ him and
I sold my ipod dork.
I prefer: "Add 10 BPM and more gain on the guitars" as a cover method
Why he gotta be so cute.? ;))
Legal lesson #1: Police make arrests, they do not interpret the law. That is the job of judges and lawyers. Sanford PD screwed up.
Just getting started in the Content Strategy workshop at #Confab12 Looking forward to a long day chock full of informative information.
I'd read that. RT : Wanna know what I'd LOVE to see? Gossip Girls on Mars for young adult.
If my #Lawyer let's me I will tweet a photo of #Brafton #Boston written test. If you interview YOU MUST take! Question 1. HOW OLD ARE YOU??
You can try, just wet your fingers. Unfortunately the warranty doesn't traverse to a new phone
was there ever really a day when this form of reasoning was actually practiced???
Listening to new album Under Fire trying to calm my nerves before I go to my job interview
It's 12 midnight in Fort Worth, Texas. Sleep well rodeo riders, pick-up truck drivers and hard working people everywhere.
IronMan. I just like Robert Downey Jr. But Scarlett Johansson was a super badass. She's my idol.
Beware when the great God lets loose a thinker on this planet.
Everybody spread the word to the new freshman on campus about Habitat. HabiTakeover is on the horizon!!!
Cavs are rebuilding...Heat are supposed to win a champ but only have 1 win against top 5. Good call killer..dumb ass Heat fans.
Episode 36 of Parlour to Parlour is going live on Monday morning at
My stomach is not stoked about life...
“: Tune in to an all new #SwampPeople tonight at 9/8c. RT if you plan on watching.” thought u should know
Nice! estimates that 1/3 of ISS parts can be repaired/replaced by 3d printing
I hope the fact that my sisters are here this weekend don't jeopardize my plans for tomorrow night... ima be extra mad!!!
Omg can you can fuck all my bitches?
Not quite as addicted as me, I'm the mayor ;-)
AHAHHAHAHAHAHHA has the best tweets.
last chance to RSVP for 944's june issue release bash TONIGHT ! hosted vodka from 9 to 10pm! www.944.com/sdmusic
you're cute.
BlueBerry Kisses!!<U+266B>
Love how the rw keeps retweeting the numbers spoon-fed to them without bothering to check 'em themselves.
Some random just asked me to estimate how many movies I've seen in my life....
Name for our English Brown Ale: "Big Brown," after our illustrious, old-as-dirt couch.
You may be only one person in the world, but you may also be the world to one person.
I love my sis !!! She is my heart..
Brad Pitt stages ''mini-Grammys'' show to help New Orleans
Damn you McGhee.
Go Hogs Go - Get that SEC road win vs Auburn!!!!
I have no idea why nyan cat is awesome but it is
JG, Gordon says you are missing a great event!
Anyone know how to get tickets to the Movie Festival After Party in Denver?
“: #ThatOnePersonWho will never understand how you feel about them.”
RT Excited to bring and the masterminds behind to with help from
I have a couple feeds that don't update very often. I'd like an email alert when they do...
take the Knicks ml, parlay with overs. and absolutely unload your bank account.
I think I'm definitely dried up of tears.
Congrats to Magnet member on being selected to participate in "The Pitch". Tune in on Mon, May 7 at 9 pm on AMC.
#WeirdFactAboutMe I hate the color blue
thanks again for the call last night and catching up.
josh!!! me too.
when you were little did you talk to the rice crispes! :)
True blood!!! <3
off to play at a wonderful intimate new year's eve gathering. I love my job! Happy New Year!
As long as I am ahead of Gary Vaynerchuk, I am satisfied
Thanks! Missed being there. I knew she'd be great. RT We missed you. was outstanding.
Saturday Night @ Estate - another SELL OUT weekend! Sun is shining & Pats are on @ 1 p.m.
i think ppl love long + obvious presentations for very mysterious reasons
Mine too! I love it so much!
I cannot believe that there is a #MenInBlackIII; I did not know that they even made another one.
its wateva now
Pre-Presidential drinks at Schooner's!!
“: so your bald head ass finally decide to tweet lls” don't come for the queen !!!!
what up man...you workin i see!... told me you gave him some heat!
How'd u do? leaving Ixonia now. Won't make it. Sorry Hope it was great
do you like brainfood? Cuz I got some o' that!
thank you so much and fr letting the fans share the stage tonight best show EVER!!!!!
YOU MEAN LIKE THIS!!??
thanks ed
Dear can you please be a little more enthusiastic when narrating a soccer game?!!!! I want to hear a GOAL!!!! thx
T-24 hours til Vegas. Let's hope I come back.
Dont feel bad. Im getting these tweets, no idea why
have you touched #blackjack yet?! Double Down on 11 and split double 8s.
Spend more time being happy, making moments and less time arguing
If u want to be be followed then follow me...
Minnesota Twins = Chicken Soup For The #RedSox. 18 hits. 11-2 victory.
u suck! Quit messing w/my 3g, I'm not upgrading to 4g, DAMMIT!!!
#TheEffectsOfAlcohol *Phone rings* Me-Hello. Tay (Drunk): hehehe deer darn green giraffe in dye fron yurd ....Me: *Click* -_-
Thanks for the follow, Dee!
how old are you like 16 now
It's so hot. What the hell.
Check out my dairy-free, soy-free herbed potato salad recipe. Perfect for a Labor Day BBQ.
everyone quit, its just me now sincerely -ben
the wind is blowing me up =|
Yes, you may.
As always, you're a great help, Josepf!
Remember every Wed all bottles of wine at $10. Happy #WineWednesday!
Also if possible , please announce boarding for the wrong flight at the gate. They don't have those defibs handy for nothin!
thanks for the follow. If you have any comments on starting a biz without cash, let me know.
#Ryan_Gosling built the kitchen table featured in #The_Notebook in preparation for his role as Noah.
Wait, I have it better - "Agreed! Look what happened at EMA. It went viral on internet for months."
Follow us on twitter
Yes, I will be there. Got an upcoming play to chat up. Hope to have a drink and talk with you there.
yup yup
A muddy shirt on the ground, A woman's shirt. No one nearby topless. A few footprints on it.
Bad company corrupts good character
According to a recent survey, nearly 1 in 5 people have dropped their smartphone in the toilet. Have you?
Interesting stuff. Toda raba for posting.
stop fucking being smart !
It sure was!
I can't stand mag apps either. Constant crashes. Login problems. Etc.
It's going to be a spectacle....
got the urns, they look great!
Good Morning Fellow Tweeters +_O
If you get bored, tell your friends to follow us! We'll have more shows coming up, and more bands to tell you about :)
Movies tonight with Montana <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
I was just remembering the day I met I was so awkward, its all a blur. i dont even remember saying bye. lol, omg.
Guess who gets to see Wicked? This kid. I love my Dad. d:
What are you doing for Spring Break?
thanks :) and it was poppin, i must say.. we were actually talking about u today in dance cuz we were rehearsin "flow to you" :')
#np "Super Friend" & #MaryMary - I just love this song & it makes me love Banner even more, he lays it down on this song!
Checking out Tim Hagans "The Moon is Waiting" Tim is a monster & Vic Juris shines! Tasty Rufus Reid and Jukkis Uotila? Well worth a listen.
Looking forward to working with
R.I.P. Whitney...another angelic voice added to the heavenly choir!
smack his ass lol
Picking up the boy-pilot at the airport. Still doesn't have his driver's license. He's late! Prob playing with his b-day present (pictured).
Yes, I'm working in DC now. How long will you be out in Cali for?
[B]beautiful beyond words [E] Everything goes together [L]Lovable and bubbly [L] Luxurious and amazing [A] a person i will always cherish
Had to look that up, wasn't familiar with it. Sounds interesting. Nina Persson could be good onscreen....
The hurricane is cominq:O
What a beautiful day! Glad it's Saturday and I can enjoy it. <"No Clouds" pun goes here>
#20ThingsAboutMe; 1. No matter how much I say, "I don't give a damn", there's always that part of me that gives a damn.
Whatever Andy Ur too Cool To talk to fans I see!!!
that's impressive. he can ride five miles no problem. pretty sure 10 is reasonable.
Just took a cab for the first time lol
Beck's Modern Guilt makes me want to say something stupid. She's got a cactus crown. See! See!
My ex tryna work it out, tell that bitch try yoga
thanks for the follow :)
WHY AM I STILL ON THIS THREAD WITH Y'ALL FUCKING POTHEADS?
Rather than swat the ball out of bounds, would love to see shot blocker snatch it out of the air w/ one hand.
"Whatever you can do, or dream you can, begin it. Boldness has genius, power, and magic in it." - W.H. Murray
Tebow would be a better QB than Sanchez.
Be sure to walk through the #Boston Common to see the ducklings wearing #GRONK t-shirts!!!
After today, it's time: dark night run of the soul in Central Park.
"don't think about it, BE about it..don't be scared. No excuses, no apologies..Take it to the head!" -DJ Khaled <3
Maybe should release the obsession & Maybe u Mite get a tweet from him someday
I love you you're charming and pretty, you're my role model!:)xx
I thought you were trying to handle your money better ? I guess that was just an excuse .
The best defense to labor and employment litigation is implementing best HR practices.
Last night was just what I needed :3
we got lots of cool projects. We should start interviewing developers. Can you pass on the word.
Yes, DE, Pete, and Vin all still going strong and online in Charlotte at ! Have another good year of Resurrection...
Yes, long, boring winters to blame...
ya, are you?
#immvt rewriting outcomes much easier when u have a sounding board. Thanks all
I wish there was a button for people to unfollow you
What's up
RT : "Even though sometimes we stumble,Even though sometimes we fall, Call Him up, and tell Him what you want"~ Ron Kenoly
yep.. . Thanks
Hey guys THE STRANGER FAMILY NORTH AMERICAN TOUR IS IN FULL EFFECT. IF YOU WANT TO BOOK THEM PLEASE CONTACT GAZI
One of my favorite bball players of all time : Reggie Miller ! <3
I'm retarded, but the good kind of retarded; fire retarded.
There is wonderful joy ahead! I Peter 1:6 #Worship #Faith #Bible .
One of the best SVU episodes for a long time! #mariskahargitayrocks!!
More $$$ & power to mismanage & abuse. District vs. STATE budget. When our officials can handle district properly, I'm on board!
Playing tonight at le bon temps on magazine and bordeaux st. come party with us. 11pm!
Hotel...Happy Cinco de Mayo!
Patriots will not Know what hit them, #1 Rushing Offense against 31st. ranked Defense in the NFL? Tebow will just pass on weak secondary...
yeah .. Yeah
. can rub you the wrong way, but he's OK. He's a little high-strung right now because he's expecting a child.
bet none of them fell like i do. I get to go uhh when #niallwhipshispenis real hard! as soon as he comes out i jump on! yea i jump on!
Swagtastic. RT : And at exactly 3pm, I finished law school.
TONIGHT'S THE NIGHT!!! Crazy Mary at Ella Lounge, 10PM, 9 Avenue A, (Houston st.), NYC
Looking forward to lots of Play Dough and Bubbles. Our office, Supreme Lending, loves being a drop office point.
actually a tough decision, I don't have the number handy, call the creek and see what they have, maybe nighttime crowd showed
When I grow up, I want to be a David Guetta dancer.
You're welcome Daniele...
Muncie here I come
ugh...almost done with work..almost..this CD taking forever to burn...then i still gotta rip it into the system..hurry up yo..
I like Stubbs
Just chugged a red bull.
I am watching the home going celebration of Whitney Houston R.I.P. And we all know that she is going to heaven what ever the news says
Okay, the hell with it then...
Where are all the cross-fit die-hards? One month unlimited Groupon..should I try it after the half?
Thanks, Katie!!! RT : Good luck at the #ShortyAwards and have fun!
how are you? Its been forever...
And they screwed up my wife's order.
Great session - thanks!
“: #FirePioli” this will be trending
Every selfish action detracts from the opportunity to do something good for another in need!
thanks brett
it's Friday, Friday,gotta get down on Friday.Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend :)
girls that rock jordans <<<<<<<<<
Recording a cover of "Proud of Your Boy" from Aladdin
actually I am! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082> sad ain't, I like bringing the asshole out of MFs. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008F>
Excellent meeting with clergy today. Inspired to see how we have already changed out community story by story.
Just saw an Animal Welfare van, makes me wonder where to apply for dog food stamps.
#sixseasonsandamovie Yeah , I saw it. Nice. Great last 30 seconds. We'll need more than 13 though. Get it done.
good lucky with the interview
: Palena Cafe AND I got the burger. And it was medium rare. And it was so good! ...And I sat next to Betsy Markey. Fancy.
“: I hate when people treat dogs like they are humans... I'm talkin to you mom” hahaha
My phone just went off during a presentation.
Finally getting some boarding in...snow not as good as years past but great nonetheless
I am being #pushedout AMEN!!
Thanks to my pal Judd J for a great shoot yesterday!
I was kind of hoping the Bulls will win!
Stimulus Social Club Event @ Old Town Social. Includes appetizers and one cocktail and network with professionals $10
we had our wedding reception there. My favorite club.
": Never underestimate yourself. You never really know how strong you are until being strong is the only option you have."
don't run on
Ooooohhhhh that's what we on???
I've been to Davanti three times and stellar each time. Bencotto is hit or miss for me. Love Underbelly!
when you headed there homeslice?
Dang it. You're right.
got make some phonecalls for the next 20 minutes
George Milner talking about climate change, increase in warfare, and depopulation of late prehistoric Midwest
Mozilla readies Firefox 3.6 for the grave: Mozilla's updates to Firefox 3.6 come to an end next week, as the company also reveals tha...
“: I been told u chump” <== you coulda reminded bout the game day before or something Smh I forgot
Single life, guess I will be attending the christian single mingler
Not my fault she lost her phone and try to say I stole it. I have money and my parents are wealthy. Why the fuck would I take your phone.
In #LongIslandCity today I joined biz leaders, 2 push new #RooseveltIsland school 2 grow jobs in Queens
just confirmed our first film of Winter term: 'Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf' is our Valentine's weekend pick!
THAT"S WHY RONDO FUCKING SUCKS!!!
Nothing brings on anxiety faster than being forced to eat deviled eggs at a company potluck.
please ask Allure of the Seas to put some drinks on ice. I'll be there to imbibe on Sunday!
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH BABY(:
Enjoyed your 40 thoughts (especially since I was stuck in studio). Thanks for sharing and hope you used sunscreen.
that's that good shit
Anyone read any good books lately?
Had some serious #ahamoments today on the BIG IDEA... LOVE the creation phase!
Will do!
Thanks for the follow.
My 100th tweet was saying happy birthday to <3 Happy Birthday Deezy! :)
Seconded! RT “: thank you 49ers for keeping my home playoff dreams alive!” // this.
I swear Liam & Miley r too cute together!! <3
wow looks like is very pop-ular! maybe we can spice it up and give chili lime packaging a fancy leg on the bag??
I was thinking the same!
Obama needs to be impeached now
Did you know eating three kiwis a day can help lower blood pressure? Find out what's in the funny and furry fruit that our bodies love....
Weathery Walk just got added to my shit list. Thanks assholes! I shouldn't have to tell you all my business. What else you want to know?
lol. Pro tip: the as-is section down by the register is epic.. Sometimes.
I enjoyed the int. this AM. missed a great convo, but it's cool to know U and I are almost "related." :-)
finally back up in this bitch, i gotta start remembering my password..LOL
My favorite, thanks for the heads up! RT Tonight! Rudolph. CBS. 8pm. Be there.
Bahah ! My brother has a girlfriend. He asked her out by giving her a note that said "Will you date me?" ohh 5th graders...
Oh, I'm writing as I do this. I'm a genius at multitasking.
Thanks for helping today! #DipityDoRight! RT : Just finished up delivering for ! T'was fun! Now I'm hungry! :)
Barely on my laptop anymore since I got my tablet. My mother said I should give it to my sister... Hahahahaha ... NO.
Adventurer & #SuitedforSpace mascot, Space Bear, is on his way to Follow SB's lead & see "Suited for Space" before it closes!
at home with one sick kid and one hyper kid.
I've definitely seen some of that in the US stuff too. I haven't gotten to reading through the _Heathen Woman's Friend_ yet
This is true!
@ 813 going release their new hit!! get ready. i #GotDemHits that make u
just watched abe vs. zombies great movie
Thanks Las Vegas for following Poised Creation on Twitter!
I'm sorry I just now saw this Thank you for the kind comment means alot nice seeing u 2 see u next year
ok you're beyond gorgeous :)p.s you and brandon are the perfect couple.
Working out on the beach by myself cause my dad don't wanna let me go with my friends to workout-___-
Perfect NYC morning, tonight, life is good!
You got robbed.
Hmm no honey mustard any where in Yankee stadium?!?!?!
I'm in a good mood today!
eat more kale. since i have been eating kale, I feel so much healthier.
FOOD IN MY MOUTH
is 10x nicer than is!
Who is this ChristianCAL playing 20 questions with me? =P
If free internet is why you go to Starbucks, where you pay $4 for a latte, I hope you don't do public policy work for the gov't.
I cant believe you went there..
That doesn't mean anything. If people had AJ Jenkins over Stephen Hill or Reuben Randle, then it means something.
s beard kills 99.1% of germs. The other .1% is submitted to cleaning and grooming his
whew woke up and started reading angry blogs about why marketers suck. maybe i should rethink my career path.
gonna try Nixon in China tonite at Lincoln Center plaza. really enjoyed Puccini's La Rondine yesterday
. A nicely chilled 2010 Lightning from Airfield Estates!
saving my money so i can buy that, not even lying
You want to hear a joke about my penis? Ah never mind. It's too long.
Really? I'd love to figure out how to connect with these folks!
Looking around in Palo Alto... Life goes on, but it won't be the same.
oh not that bad yet, just hobbled up to the train platform. But i'm expecting some wimpering later. Just planning ahead :)
The only thing worse than transcribing a two-hour interview is losing the story file and having to do it again.
Connection directly to the owner of lease Split level house into Pakhoa Hawaii with VRBO To be connected with the owner Of i :-)
Hahah #brucejenner just got mentioned on
It's pun o'clock, somewhere.
Yes, would be great to see you when you're here! I'll try to make the book event.
hahahahahah .... I was seriously SO confused by that
At this moment, thousands of engaged Christian virgins are fervently praying for Harold Camping to be wrong about tomorrow.
Come check out $1 TVs at Diversity Thrift!! We have a few left, when they're gone the sale is OVER!! No refunds on $1 TVs.
Alhamdulillah. Appreciate you relaying that on to me.
A gentle reminder that we are opening late today because of the Easter holiday. See you at 1:30!
Hopefully that Borders will have them in stock again. Keep checking - Borders is the exclusive US distributor for our Notebooks
Braveheart is on!
That's not a good deal, woman. I don't have $15 for a side salad, a cup of soup, some brushetta, and a dessert I wont eat.
can't wait to get the ipad 3 next month <3
BBL Going On My Backup
when I was younger #IUsedTo think my teenage years would be the best. Now, I wanna go back to being younger <\3
Training Day Part II
The fact that we getting along now tomorrow we gone be going at it like crazy Lolz
I'm at Akers Mill Cinco tonight with Ken Bennett. Hope to see you there
#Bulls C Noah game-time call; Asik to start.
Thanks for coming, friend! MT : Off to celebrate 's birthday at H Street Country Club with other fab MEP2012 ladies!
No, he brought me a sub from a place called Jimmy John's...love their subs! I'm home sick today though, maybe that sub wasn't
Josh Hamilton is on pace to have 199 RBI's this year.
Singer/Hip Hop artist from North Carolina. I'll send you some links :)
One more Flickr article and it's a trend
Eye tag at the gym is fun lol
I know its not the same...but, perhaps I could use edmodo for that.
Hey guys! Wow I haven't been on in forever! I need to start getting on more lol
So my Birthday is a week from today! And i still have no plans!
Ugly blister on my thumb
great quote. Thanks for sharing it.
The singer of Cannibal Corpse is banging his head way faster than I can. Just sayin.
thank you for the RT
the shit I hear at work. I should write a book one day.
Best part of an early morning smt (besides working w/lovely clients) are the made to order omelets. I'd get up evry day for a veggie om
me and are about to be staples in the pen this year. i still got the closing job though
I love italy
“Nobody can go back and start a new beginning, but anyone can start today and make a new ending.”
I think my fakee crying baby died ;O
Is anyone doing Summer Olympics programs at their libraries? We are looking for some games we can play with the kids.
Customer service is horrible in this
bru mine starting out rough
hahah! Yeah? Can't blame me either! Lol next time tag him! He's online(;<3 blhahah whens she performing??:o
As a white woman, bras are offered in "nude" to match my skin color, as are bandaids.
I can no longer say that I've never seen crotales played with knitting needles. I guess I'm growin up...
If you find yourself sympathizing with David over Bertie, you could go see W.E. But that might make you hate Madonna.
If I were a female bird I'd be jealous that male birds looked like, way prettier than me.
Sudden hankering to curl up with a Willa Cather novel. Preferably Song of the Lark. Now, if only I could find my copy...
But 1 Get 1 free appetizers all day and night Plus crab leg dinner or surf and turf on the dinner special board.
There should be a dating service for people than can only write 140 characters or less.
Ariana Grande is too pretty....sigh, why can't i be her?! :P
Your tweets are the best I love them.
Is it true that all tweets with a wink have a link? Just kiddin' or not . . .
"Don't cry, run around in circles." — I love you kid
"I know of all the things that I hear they be pokin' fun at, never the tweets tho, they know I run that."
I hope this wasn't retaliation.
I agree, used games have already paid for their server slot, the old user is gone and gets replaced by the new owner !!
Act like ignition wasn't the shit
if such a law does exist that permits folk to kill and go home and sleep I am unaware of it....and im a fl resident 20 + yrs
"Love your enemies until you have none..." #wisewords from a decent man
Thx for following!
Nice Terri Schiavo reference. Thanks for reminding me to eat more vegetables.
How did it take me this long to discover the delights of cumin?
Stop using Photoshop filters on your images. I'M SERIOUS! Yes I'm talking to you! STOP IT!
Global Ozone Project - students around the world install ozone monitors and post results on Google Earth.
On behalf of Kenziee, Kai tweets :MEGU let Egg find in the middle of "walk".
Just popped my knee out of place... Hurt like a bitch.
Maybe it don't work on your phone or something but you could always look at the mobile settings!!!!
yes we know your man plays for da lakers but would u still be with him if he wasn't
A lot of people find themselves always having to prove to other people that they are better than them, but that's vanity.
not if you study... A lot!
Packing for Sacramento this weekend..idk what to wear over there
Oh My Fuuuccckkennnn God!!!!!!
RT If I never see the word "convergence" again, it'll be too soon.
Though the cloud feels like a public space, it is actually a private space. Makes "free to all" more difficult, ie ebook lending
she dnt NEVER drunk call/txt me so im guessing someone else gets her drunk calls/txts
Jenna Marbles = HILARIOUS
Glad this is Kenzie's last day of camp.
Happy New Year world!! What a great year it was. Can't wait to start a new chapter and see what 2012 brings!!
At the store buying more foaming trouser snake.
Your lack of Pop Culture knowledge is an affront to society
When is gonna be here??? people are already talking about it!!!
Small steps make an impact. If there's one thing that you would change in your life TODAY to help the planet what would it be?...
is loosing her battle with cancer quickly. PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE tweet her, just so she knows you love her.!!!
Aww my roommates bf paid for my dinner and movie too
are you trying to use it on your phone or macbook? it won't work on phones or ipads from what i know. see too lol
All that matters is the mission - President Obama
Oh, I'm sorry, I thought I was living my life and you were living yours.
My effin neck is getting stiff again. Fml
so could I drive down and take you to dinner?
My icon has just changed to an egg wtf
Nice win , great effort & bein more of an ext of Scottie on the floor. keep bein that
happy birthday to :)
Mixtape: Checking Out New Bay Area Hip Hop - KQED
Good workout! Looks like its gonna be a hot one! Gonna try to get some sun today :)
And I'm only 23 I'm the shit like look at me
You don't know ur beautiful (:
Perfect nite for a run around Glake!!
I have never seen Jeff so wasted!!! It's the first night...
Ain't that just like LeBron? Ain't that just like D-Wade?
THANKS! I'll ask that shortly & tweet you back the answer!
Girl, you is crazy. And inspiring. Crazy inspiring, even. And I just registered for the Marine Corps Marathon.
Nicki Minaj deleted her twitter! I was one day gonna tweet her something.. well guess its to late for that... :'(
As a Browning Marketing Group Independent Contractor I can help you promote/market your business, product and YOU. Contact me!
Does seem like a possible perverse incentive, tho academia's not only C customers.
You two are absolutely smokin' hot in your Cannes shoot! Any chance you'll offer signed 8x10s? ; )
Louis c:
beautiful day in NYC!! Perfect place to showcase my Cali smile. I know you can relate. think apt on Bleeker. smile
I don't 'wish' for anything. I work for fairness and decency and civility. Threats of an America you fear is nonsense.
Happy Valentine's day everyone! Make sure all of your loved ones know how important they are to you!
Why is it no one today can ever admit to being wrong? I have so much more respect for someone who admits that they made a mistake.
The early bird might get the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
John Cena -- PUBLIC Kiss-Off Before Divorce
Every text I get, I hope it's from you. !
Does BI accept wig donations? If so, send details please!
Classes starting in April for Salesperson's license and online CE always offered! Check out our website at www.TuckerSchool.com!
what time is it? _______________
I feel like I should be tweeting more. Tweet, tweet, tweet~
i forrgot my password this suckss broo i cant rember it for i thing
Thank you!!
any one wants to chat?
You're a machine, Mr. Campbell.
RT I wanna do something Out of the ordinary today. Any suggestions?! - help someone less fortunate...
I'm not even un-employed yet, officially and I'm already bored! :-/
You can't pretend to land on cold hard metal.
why no Fleischman?
RT : Today in Jewish History (1945) Nazi Germany surrenders to the Allies, ending Third Reich and WWII in Europe.
I bought it full price :-( RT : Soror, I have it via PDF for free, if you need it. Not worth the $1.99! LOL
what is intagram exactly ?0.o
RT : Red light cameras going live Thurs: Monroe/Alexander and Goodman/Clifford.
Just remembered about this redbox movie fuckkkkk, 2 days late.
Cr8ing an "idea/inspiration box" 4 stories- #EdShareLou what's your story abt parent engagement: working/not working
:/ tests suck .... Dayyum my ceiling fan is loud .. I wonder how I sleep at night
“: If you watch the Titanic backwards it's about a magical boat that saves people.”
Damm I'm in school office rite now they bouta send me home cuz they heard my mans and I was bouta start reckin after school. Fml.
Happy Birthday to my MOST AMAZING Husband Shane!
With in gym :*
$2 half pound burgers 5pm to 10pm. Get out of the rain and have a great burger
Listen for the New George Strait song in the New Music Spotlight song at 8pm! Then win $1000 at 8:05!
hey i think that ur whole family is amazing keep up at life and live it at the fullest hope u follow and reply thanks :)
I'm so tired I can't think. Why am I still up and on twitter when I should be sleeping? I can't answer that question because I'm so tired.
+1 RT : Getting super excited for the
Special shout out to SCO for his song "Prayer" my number one song rite now
Dr Pepper, or and soda, is not that appetizing when you think of it as bubbly, watered down syrup.
good u?
Always hold your head up, but be careful to keep your nose at a friendly level. ~Max L. Forman
Gym time!! Chest & shoulders today!
ahah yeah well I am a girl (x
Thank you, lovely! Congratulations too! Gosh, I've been so out of the loop! I'm so happy for you! :D
just the 3 in 1 leaked? how about the bottle of shampoo I added? was that ok?
Downloaded it- the reviews are awesome! Can't wait to read
"to build a home" by the cinematic orchestra. Won't listen in public or without tissues. And I REALLY don't cry often.
We've been threatened at work with lawsuits over a driveway not being plowed well enough, & a car being towed. Ridiculous.
I never thought I would see this day...
Meeting you guys on 11-20-11 was the best day ever ! Give us another amazing day buy following us ?! <3 ;D
reading a book . U ?
i was just going to ask if santi was playing great or nico was horrible in this tbreak.
No! Im dating Someone! Thanks but ha im pretty sure you dont even know me to Actually like me!
Thanks! RT #FF For daily geopolitics dish, the ever-stilettoed ...
wow, you got them all I see.
Yeah. So I will talk to you later
go out with friends
Berries protect your brain from its natural decline, and what better way to take them in than on a waffle! Berry Compote, mystical elixer.
I'm not feeling like a princess this week either. :(
I've decided to stop spending money at any business that posts motivational quotes prominently
THX! And to you as well! RT : A very happy holidays #ff to some of my fav people
smh I cant take it!
website was still hanging in there until about 30 minutes ago.
Everybody puts your hands up there playing my song there Playing my song the butterflies fly away...
What a great game!
Cheered for the goal, then felt bad. Go Claude Go!
no more fucking around, I'm gonna start making some changes! I just wanna be happy..
Sounds great if I hear anything, I'll let you know.
ur my inspiration 4 life!! i cnt believe how far uv came I'm so happy 2 say that I'm a #mahomie no matter wat <3
Three found hours - woo hoo!
RIP. so sad that another beautiful life has been lost... My condolences to the camacho family
See I WIN . oh & #Singlegangordie <3
love it! Especially for the tech generation. Use their medium to get them to engage. Awesome.
Roxy!! I didnt even know you had a twitter lol
I-95 out of the state ASAP? RT : What to do tonight in New Jersey? Where are good spots? Suggestions...
Happy Cinco! Stopping by Hi Hit tonight for $5 Margaritas and $3 Mexican beers.
What is the actual cost of homelessness in ABQ?
CAN'T WAIT FOR FRIDAYS USTREAM! I look forward to it everyday!
It's time to test your smoke alarms, fire extinguishers, start and service heaters, and test carbon monoxide detectors. Call if you need us
Dear twitter account, stop trying to be funny and just give me breaking news. Signed, every single one of your followers
Canon power shot..SZx IS, but I decreased the resolution on pic,,it is prettier than the attachment.
im not ... i told you i loved you 7th period! :)
"checking-in" on fb and tagging people is funny to me. i dont understand why ppl do it, so i do it too.
no just travelling a ton. Let's catch up soon.
Are you going to Portland OR again soon for a show/appearance?
I love country girls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0098><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Caps better get it going quick cause the Rangers ain't messing around tonight!
30+ people whom I love at my house. We are blessed.
Sorry...this one is only open to ages 7-14
Blah blah blah. All we've been hearing all offseason from other teams. We do our thing and always have. Pay no mind to the rest.
Im in the same position as you! Im moving to:'( follow me! And you wanna buy me a subway?;) x
And now the crying has stopped, but the nativity scene wise men are fighting over who gets to be captain America and who gets to be Dr. Doom
Hope to see u next time, we were not able to participate yesterday! See u at the Buggy!
Now inspired to consider how digital engagement & social media can be leveraged to be more Reggio-esque.
you don't shake hands during series, you do it game one at tip n after its over. One those unwritten rules
Tonight. On air with I know it's mothers day weekend. Youre in luck, I talked to your mom, shes coming too
okay! Make sure u eat a lot so you can hold your liquor 2nite.Have fun and be safe!!
with history on the domain names
RT : As you give more & more, you have more to give. As the joy of giving flows out from you, new richness fills your life.
Aww that's so cute!! Congrats to her! Any pics or videos?
I love you so much & Wish the best for you. We will miss you yo<3
Ine really care to be honest.
Glad to know it'll be colored. You know how the littlest art critic feels about uncolored sketches.
we need to move forward. i didn't make a video, but i've done video projects in the past. no one can deny that you put in a lot
Shouldn't Thee Oh See have released 4 albums by now for the year? I'm worried.
Biscuit with ham, crispy oysters, 2 fried eggs and hollandaise at brunch this weekend: Saturday and Sunday from 9am-2pm
Left church an hour ago. Back to the house to keep with the writing marathon. I'm on a two book mission for 2012, possibly three.
Have to go back to Arby's to reupload a Video!Manana!What a pain!
Hope i can be as successful as my dad is when i take over the company
hi!! I am really pushing as hard as I can!
Finished my essay on the classification and division of band members
The parallels are eery. RT : Is it just me or is Sarah Phillips a more successful WenoSports
I'm late with this ...but $alute to OKC #NBAPlayOffs 1st round!
That's the best part of parenting. I can make her hate who I hate.
now knows I like gadgets, bank account is sad.
i had no idea that i loved you!
Absolutely. I meant good investment for me, not in general.
Today's lunch hour appointment: threading salon. Eye-watering, but so worth it!
That sounds terrible, honestly. I'm sorry you have to work then. I will be grading or working on projects.
when you commin home never? lol
I want coffee.
ARE U WATCHING HOUSE OF PAYNE TONIGHT? :)
Is it really that hard to be original nowadays?
2day Is Gonna Be Very Long But Rewarding, Tonite I Got The Show At Steel Toast On The Beach Ladies In Free All Nite!!! Lata -Breeze DTA-
Hey There Ho There Hey There Hi There
Everything is so dust-covered now! definitely not helping seasonal allergies
Morning......God Bless
What the world needs is more geniuses with humility, there are so few of us left.
bye bye One Tree Hill:(
34 degrees in RSF this morning. Crazy! Will get to 70.
what month prediction shall it come?
Rid your house of all those foods that you know you have trouble resisting. Your family should be willing to make sacrifices!
You hear that? That's 5,000 IU fans cars starting and heading back to Indiana.
friday nights alone..
Invited parents for Xmas bkfst as usual; Mom said "I'm surprised" Why? "B/c u no longer eat meat" What does she think #vegan means? No Xmas?
Understand & educate yourself about the differences between men and women. God created us to have different needs.
He does have quite the mancrush doesn't he?
"I will remember you. Will you remember me? Don't let your life pass you by."
So tell me, do Venus blow your mind?
hot mess
At the Upright Citizens Brigade improv show
Never eat more than you can lift. - Miss Piggy
taking a class in screen printing wednesday!
wow way to bring me down. It's okay. When I get older I will buy a jeep and come pic you up.
Did you review Darjeeling? I'd love to read more about the deliberate angle.
where are more? I was at these shows and didn't take a single photo!
lol nah you must be lookin in the mirror kid ;P & I love you more punk <3 (:
Just got off work on my birthday...on the other hand. I love everyone who wished me a great day today! I have stellar friends and family <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099>
that made my life, forreal tho.
Yes let ist snow :) The first Snow is falling Happy
no. Sadly it's part of this horrible disease. Just good healing thoughts. Hoping no ER today or any time soon. Thank u, love
Off to meet my agent and new editor in NYC
Requiscat in Pace => May he rest in peace, abbreviated R.I.P.
2 more pages of science!! #LEGGO!!!
Just met with one of the founders of I'm sold on the idea, they'll be doing big things for sure - hope they choose Portland!
Layover in ATL!!!!
They say that love is forever, your forever is all that I need.
I won't be able to attend the #momacriticalplay talk on either the 17th or the 18th - will it be taped or just livestreamed?
Taylor Kitsch!
Mixing Marketing With Social Games and Extreme Sports - New York Times
EXCELLENT - why didn't the Bush tax cuts work? FINALLY the media does its fucking job. Newt's response? Slam Obamacare.
Hi , evaluated bus 16Y recently? Standing room only, often with crowded stops skipped completely due to no more room. Ideas?
"Age wrinkles the body. Quitting wrinkles the soul” ~Douglas MacArthur
Tweet about how much loud you smoke and I laugh at you now I know you use to that BS Regina
Thanks for the recommendations!
that is very disappointing
Where are you and why am I not taking photos on set?
Eating something that tastes so good at first...then when you start really enjoying it...it taste like crap!
Aquifer tonight, VIP with my team
not sure what you're smoking, but...can I have some please?
wow we have to discuss immediately!
Hope does not disappoint us, because God has poured out his love into our hearts by the Holy Spirit, whom he has given us. - Romans 5:5
congrats!! Was rooting for you guys and the
you can have scrapple anywhere in the U.S.! We will send it to you.
excuse me but I don't know you and you scare me.
How are ya, sir? Headed home?
TROY!!!! Everytime I see that sign it makes me laugh.
My friend is in luv w/ Harry Styles! Gotta luv her tho!
Starting the Phantom Tollbooth with the kids for reading. I am so excited because I LOVE this book!
RT MSU soccer Bowling With Bears Tournament & Silent Auction today at 3 at Enterprise Lanes! All welcome!
A wonderful day with and Night all!
Hit a blind man with a coloring book and told him "color inside the lines or get hit with a flying crayon."
I have boots!
Merry Christmas to all!! And to all my Simpsons and Biebers
heyy vinnnyy:) i would like die if you just replied back to me pleeeasssse you will make my hole life. #pleasenoticeme :)
Please Follow Me :) swag
Surfing on the Water's Edge
Omg i cant believe i have 3 C's right now -.- but im so lazzzzyyyy to do work!!!
Homework not done <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
hahahaha yes! It describes our entire lives!
That's some quality graphic design.
As the Series comes to a close, so do our #BCS deals. Get your hands on great electronic deals while they last!
I do too. At least I was at a good Super Bowl Party at the time!
RT : How come?
Agreed, especially salmon hot off the coals.
o-roo to you bruh! Happy centennial!
Oh and #GirlWithTheDragonTattoo was good - but 20 minutes after the climax I thought Lisbeth was going off to the Undying Lands with Frodo.
I predict 4 of the 5 from UK to leave tonight, maybe lamb or MKG might decide to stay
Finding that I still care about text & differentiate between text & paratext.
Prayer is not simply asking. It is a longing of the soul. It is daily admission of one's weakness.
Marketing meeting today. So excited to get the ball rolling on this event. Hopefully this week we will start posting more details.
because OBVIOUSLY he's a substitute teacher!
am I supposed to know your number through a telepathic connection that you haven't told me about?
Early in the morning and im omw to work.... sure is a good way to start the morning
All business done! Relax Mode.
Go see "True Grit" if you haven't yet...great cast/great movie
spurs/bulls...finals.
Ugh. Do you know what middle school?
Thinking about the joyful life of Steve Jobs. Our American Technology Maestro
has discovered the upside to no personal space in NY -- GORGEOUS men come and sit with you at a Starbucks table to escape the rain. YUM.
Thanks to new follower.
One interview down and another request in motion. Reaping the rewards of insomnia.
"Lord I did all these great works in your name!" & He will say depart from me you worker of iniquity, I never knew you. Works can't save you
Thank you :)
why does this stuff always happen....i dont understand???
Thank you! You too!!
Watching this right now makes me feel like I have a legitimate shot of scoring my first #NBA bucket!
It's freezing here in Denver! Omg. Miserable and rainy. Thank God my hotel is less than 40 feet away from the conference center!
the investigation should also look at copyright violations.
Gunna try to fix it with my old bestfriends , i hope this works out , i miss them so much .
Girls in summer dresses >>
#TW5OnBILLBOARD OH MY SIVA'S CHEEKBONES!!! so proud of you guys!!!!
that made you less of a wreak
it would be nice to have an option to configure magento checkout steps in any way customer needs. Let's say turn off some of the steps.:)
Our pool guys this week nearly stood on a 5 foot snake in our backyard. Oh the challenges of living in Australia.
tryin to sleep
Man, the Academy Awards are boring!
#ThingsBetterThanTheMiamiHeat Directv commercials....no wait that is a stretch
you're a jackass.
I just notice that I didn't send not one smiling which is weird !!! lmfao I'm always smiling let me see if I can send u 1
I forgot how much of a banger loca people is
those are cold bruh
meat loaf meat loaf, tasty meat loaf crunch!
What's up tweepz? These lifetimes movies r so good.lbvs
Im really losing patience with
laying here
If I got a problem with you ill tell you straight up. I don't beat around the bush and play yalls little bs games
no! I will defend the man n say there better b chocolate chip pancakes awaiting in the mornin!
Treat yourself to a caffe latte today. You deserve it.
11 More Days til Team Hoyt Portrait is unveiled followed by sale of exclusive signed & numbered lithographs as Boston Marathon 30 approaches
“: LoLz Hit Me up BitCHez Ill do yeer homework if yoU buy mE ChickEN” lol what a freak
only makes sense. swerve to tha beatz!
Yahoo to double Olympics presence in London
Shopping ;-) Little research project at Roosevelt
Writing Conference Realities: On Criticism, Tote Bags, and Finding One's Voice
Omg just a couple more hours till my bday I'm so excited happy early bday Mikey!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I love u so much and it's True!!!!!!!!
Oh! Look at that #Honduras is gonna participate in the #OlympicGames!!! An Spain is the 1st rival -_- The game in the world cup came to mind
& , we'd love to have you! Next week we're having an olive oil tasting from 6:30-8 before the wine tasting! Join us?
RACER RODRIGUEZ 13 Y/O author lives in TX w/ dad ROB’T. CATHERINE CAMUS controls dad ALBERT's estate in FR. WGAW hides their money in L.A.
My mom is the best cooker c:
Parrino and Headley both went yard today!! Parrino's first and Headley's 2nd Grand Slam!!
thanks Brian! We hope to see you again soon!
If a "friend" of mine says "He knows the Truth now" after I die, please find a way to hurt that person.
TALKBACK TONIGHT after
Watching Remember the Titans ... Wasn't going to but I can never change the channel on this movie
I love armenian dancing
The CIA: Culinary Institute of America
Saturday. Less trouble on a Wednesday night
she's OFICIALLY
RT : Q3) How do you know when technology improves work, when it hinders it, what criteria do you use to decide? Examples?
Thanks for re-tweeting!
A charm would add to his handsomeness ;-)
I'm such a mess
Should Insurance Cover Alcohol-Induced ER Visits?
omg i love nicki minaj<3 she's awesome!!!:)
A homeless man told me this joke: how do you find Will Smith in the snow?
i'm leaving in like 3 weeks and I know:(
NIALL NIALL NIALL I HAVE A QUESTION! what does 'one four three' mean when its sung in a song?
RT: Shouts out to my family. and
Are you sure he didn't actually taste you?
On set this beautiful Sunday for HBO's The Newsroom!!!
What Would Keith Judd Do
Rachel () has been with our little revolver LA family a year today!
Rugrats Go Wild (no change needed)
love the icons.
Thank you to and for the wonderful baked treat yesterday. It was delicious!
Ladies and Gentleman we have our Winner!
Oh I'm so bored lol and no one is up this late really haha
im out!!!! lmao
country music and cold beer
So awesome that is opening an office in the Madison Building in Detroit!
Just watched 2 Season finales. Hahaha one pairing I like, the other is messed up.
RT : RETWEET if You Follow Back Like I Do #teamfollowback - almost always, unless spam tweep or blatant advertiser
Going over audition tapes gettn ready to cast this movie.. stay tuned
Congrats - a $10 driving credit is yours!
TY Jenny for the RT of the "BEACH SLAPPED" film clip! Have a fab day!
May your will be done Lord
Projectionist wishes everyone and happy, healthy and successful new year. It's going to be a great one!
What is called genius is the abundance of life and health. Henry David Thoreau
Niggas say I'm fly but to her I'm god- tyga
got it! Sorry that's been killing me for a few weeks now :)
the "and yes" mentality is road map in brainstorming Shutting people down w/ "no buts" stunts growth
it's December:)
WE ARE
ah ok thanks a ton. Thought it was more magical then that lol
#1: "I got some Canadian's tracking info because he misspelled his email." #2: "Was he ordering maple syrup?"
Wearing my suit jacket wade Barrett style.
hey baltimore and are you ready for some Skeeball!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
im sorry it was a green monster.. dont hurt me i havent met bieber yet! :(
I will DM (Direct Message) you the information.
he's terrible
I'm wonderful!
hoarders! best show on tv
Driving back from cloverdale. Had an awesome "camping."
1st rehearsal : Steven Drukman's Prince of Atlantis w/ Me, Jeremy Glazer, John Kapelos, Nike Doukas, Warner Shook. Great Day!
Friday The 13th :)
We will all think differently.
Love it! Enjoy Chicago!
lemme see if i can hit 8,800 before the day is over
When it changed you slipped up like the last time
No ones online except Jc & Justin. Justin wont notice me. So haaiiii Jc (:
I'll move on baby just like you. When the desert floods & the grass turns blue.
Felt great to see a friend of mine that has and always will b there for me! Wish I could live in the ville! After my bachelor's!
ima try again too
how u doin girl(:
Want to give a good luck to on his fight this Friday! The fans going to love this kid!
I know what you mean. People sometimes say enjoy being single and free, but I've done too much of that!
I just took the deal prices (purchase price or valuation) divided by publicly stated user numbers.
What bothers me most about the #ifiwasblack TT is the poor grammar. CORRECTION: #ifiWEREblack - unless, somehow you were black before...
I just realized that I have a lot of math homework I didn't know I had. Dammit.
lemme blow them candles out <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
will ask her for slides/video link. She did how-to videos and product doc for Scantron, the test scoring machine.
He's coming back! #colts RT : REGGIE! REGGIE! REGGIE!!!!!!!
Arnold Schwarzenegger themed Sound Design, and more, are up now on #productionvault! Check it out!!!
ownership speaks volumes my sistah
Montana fans getting vocally frustrated
Nah, upgraded twice.
humid af outside. i step outsied and im sweating in 5 seconds.
": It's Going Down Tonight... Friday May 11 Mixtape Release Party 618 Live On Waters 618 North Water St Milwaukee WI"
is The Hunger Games good? I'm seeing it 2day
Hi Jeffrey, thanks for your interest in the Z990. I will check on any deals coming from Kodak for you. Thanks again!
Lately a lot of ICONiacs have turned into Directioners... #why?
To all the people writing about how Internet Explorer doesn't suck anymore: just you wait. Just. You. Wait.
yea la area
What features a 100 yr. old legend, is history rich, and is coming to theNAT in Feb.? #Titanic: The Artifact Exhibition
no no no that doesnt matter because nobody cares about how a loser feels haha
So, I get my work bonus April 20th. Any ideas on how I should spend it?
"I bet if you play some records by The Carpenters backwards, you can almost hear Karen saying, I just threw up in my mouth a little bit"
Don't miss out on our weekly specials!
wish I was your shadow. Have an amazing art filled weekend at
Schmidt is such a moron
hey what's up? How are things going?
I'm like seriously obsessed with never say never I watch it like 3 times a day! Gotta love !!! #EPIC <3
Pretty morning for a race!
Working on demos all week... I think we might have a new song in there somewhere!
Jesus had no problem showing up to support John's ministry. You miss out on so much being only about your deal. I want to be about Kingdom.
Good luck and have a wonderful day!
he may be a better point guard at this point but not a better player.
If only it were that simple. I think it's time for Columbus to step its game up on public transportation.
Thanks Hans!
Good Morning Tweeps!
the foot prints in the snow during winter....
DENTON, TX?! Where you at?! Meet you at Haileys tonight at 7pm, w/ for the
That was some hot shit smh keep my black ass in the house tonight...
Spent the first afternoon of my staycation weeding the back yard. We now have at least 10 bags full of weeds. I ROCK SO HARD! :/
Salam! How are you?
Attending the Zope Foundation members meeting; feels like we're in Europe today. :-)
Me...Ed...Tigers Game...VIP...that is all
hear hear, I've been fighting w it too
you are bad. Lol!
me too. breaking bad and dexter too.
Celeb sighting leaving #arlis2012 Peter Bogdonavich in interminable customs line @ Toronto airport
lmao ima just get a trim!
90% sure someone is selling product placement in my dreams
Black on the rocks...
A reason to leave work on time is appreciated since I'm not good at that on my own! Thinking of a poodle mix...
Wisconsin sports is tha shot and tha urine!!!
busy Thursday night on the terrace! JLO aroma in the air. Saturday is going to be retarded. Book your VIP reservations now!
It was nasty. My brother and I got an escort through it. The cars were completely leveled. Very tragic.
I want to give a Welcome to my Hawaiian AKA sorors in town this weekend. Come meet and greet them at Eden lounge for Happy Hour
NATO is going to screw this town up this week. I hope my two cop buddies are safe this week!
Kay just thinks she's better than
: not much just sittin in church listenin to my fathers day sermon haha
the guy at Walgreens said to have a good morning...sounds weird
Growth Pearl: Meditation allows a balance of feeling and thinking. How is it working out for you?
You smile then you cry, You live and then you die,
Hey, I'm home.
..cruelty? What if they busted their perverbial asses, and still couldn't get the person to give permission or cave? Oh, yeah..how's that-
'Livingston 8': A Chicago phone number inspires lively chamber jazz - Chicago Tribune
possibly when they lose consciousness and/or become vested in controlling the change?
Theo Epstein and his guys are miracle workers. Zambrano is a Miami Marlin.
Bully=Entitled, Entitled = 99% #nogo #obsoletethinking Does Romney's alleged pranks in high school change your opinion of him?
Most celebrated Roger Nichols’ work came by default - the only ABC staffer willing to work w/ struggling in-house songwriters Fagen & Becker
thanks for the follow. Though I don't live in Atlanta, I'm a big supporter of local. (Went to Vortex & D.B.A on #BizzyTour)
It's Fiesta Thursday! Come in to check out our awesome HH Food/Drink Specials. Plus entree specials in the dining room on Tacos all night!
Great to see you!!! RT 508 with and the #Emmy winning
We learn how to love & forgive others by first loving & forgiving ourselves. Learn to love & forgive yourself.
Instinct - such a powerful tool.
Because conference tweets
well we have about 500 people signed up for 3rd and almost 800 for 5th! U gotta have a good chance! Haha
I can't believe I forgot my sign!!! I had a sign saying "Timothy H." Because I knew I'd be beside all the taxi drivers and I forgot :(
I think I am going to open AC business during the summer, guys are making a killing.
Less than two weeks until our annual Poker & Golf tournament! Join us for a round of golf you'll never forget!
I'm watching ESPN3, I don't currently have a tv machine.
deleting old emails. even gmail box is filling up. yikes.
I thought they did have traffic in Canada? WTH?
We are applying again to #Artscape in #Baltimore. Wish us good luck!
Pollen never deteriorates. It is one of the few natural substances that lasts indefinitely.
RT Although its healthy I hate d taste of diet coke eww :(
need for automated archiving of linked www material in online journals
#greysanatomy just killed me.
Not only did she make Pizza but she effectively used all of the oven's square footage. Smart, classy lady.
I'm so exhausted. Best form of birth control is baby sitting
Well, Mittens imply Michigan. Which implies #Hockeytown. So, you can see the connection.
Practicing my lines, then a night at the Roxbury.
Nice RT : Anyone have pictures or video of a man at PDX naked in the security line today? Please email and RT
Chronicle with the bros!
did they have any consultants? You think one of them would say "we need to get people to go to the site"
I think I disagree with that too much to even get upset about it
Part-time faith is like having a part-time job; it won't support you and you can't make a living off of it for long.
thanks for asking Jim and I to meet w/ #bis343, a cadre of budding scholars pushing archival collections into the 21st cen!
post a pic, lets see that ink
Psalm 57:5 Be exalted, O God, above the heavens; let your glory be over all the earth.
Just watched Story on "College Debt & Is It Worth It"? Great piece. Scary how much $$$ I still owe compared to today's students.
the gym known as the sidewalk and great outdoors!
TEN DOLLAR DEAL! All shirts only $10! Shipping only 99 cents on all orders!
BFD is easier on the ears, long-hand or short-hand!
Hello my lovelies - happy sexual wednesday ;-)
I can have no "compassion" for someone who decides to drive while being drunk enough to blow a .25 That isn't "cool" to me
UK UK UK!! Come be a part of the family... Go Cats!!
mine is Lisa, the previous female pastor
You know Bella is my spoiled rotten princess ;-)
Yikes SKC! But not worried!
Watching the lucky one ! :)
oh my gosh! How is your foot?! Broken?! Ouuucchhh :/
Ready for the Rangers to do the damn thing!
repeating my prediction that future obituaries will consist of just a name followed by a score.
This is my kind of weather!! Mid-60s and sunny is perfection for me.
RT if you're bored at work and can't wait for some baseball tonight!
Thanks Rieva. About to send you my work for you :).
Idk what that is drew have you ever heard of something like that
It's been a crazy first week of consecration...I'm gonna keep pressin harder
We've got live music at 7 tonight with Kelly Riley!!
stops to tweet: club langsam! ...okay back to studying
Q2 How can I determine if there is a need for my goods/services?
While nice, I don't think it reflects the real inner you :-/
Seriously Baylor. Go away.
Love it!
Oh yeah, that's right! I forgot you were gay. Oh well, not like there's anything wrong with that, right!!!! Hahaha ... faggot!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY DEVON! I hope you have fun celebrating it in Vegas.
What the heck, let's make a record!
Back at it
java oauth test message
Awesome, thanks!! RT : i play Mondays and thursdays
this girl on anderson that wants to be an actress looks awwwful omg
I hear the WUBWUBWUBs and see her dancing in my sleep, man.
ntm pimpin-makin hits as usual n u?
#NewFeds for clearance, be honest. If you've moved alot, get a credit report, lists those addresses (great tip!)
not looking too good for ya boys brother!! Dare I say sweep???
#Mike Smith
Getting ready to present Guerrilla #JobSearch Tactics Fashion Valley Mall
really and you are the best and the wwe is not the same with out you
Happy Birthday, Steve Jobs. How about a working computer?
Elliott has been shaky at best in goal for St Louis
"You just murdered one of your employees with a trident!"
YAY I get to go to sleep soon lol
Good morning!
#prohockey I think it is so unfair that in any other sport in the south of the USA athletes can easily play any sport except hockey!
She wanted me to go home with her, but I really like her. I'll call her in a couple of days. --Guy who definitely has a bogus phone number.
The Republicans have a "Tiger by the Tail" and can't let go. They still think she is a "pussycat".
The only way to win...
Happy Birthday you have truly changed the online world.
Love me numb.
Out walking Scripps Ranch for !!
RT "Remember when we used to put the year in the product name? Windows95 or Office2000?" -
This game is killing my entire night.
So we're in macy's, and the children's and maternity are right next to eachother...
Jeff Teague that dunk attempt was purty. I don't care if you missed it. #leh'go
#marac to hear about >100 collections pair-processed across 2 dozen repos, check out at session 16
HaHa!! I can't imagine getting hit in the face with that!! Awesome shit....<3
TimeWise® Targeted-Action® Eye Revitalizer. Diminish dark circles. Depuff under eyes. Discover real results in just a few weeks.
This Dream Is Too Good
oh & I move back in August (:
Rachel---my name is Pat Dooris. I'm a reporter at KGW TV in Portland. I'd love to talk with you about Jason Matus.
You looked amazing! I bet everyone wants your "pie" now!! Congratulations
2hr delay for some Portland schools: Ainsworth, East/West Sylvan, Forest Park, Lincoln, Skyline
okay. tell me when you find a lion.
Why do 90% of cartoon characters only have 4 fingers. I know I'm not the only one whos thought about this b4 lol
jus woke up from my semi nap ; it lasted like 20minutess lol.
Reminder that demos at #apihackathon start at 6:30 pm GMT. Each team gets 3 minutes to present!
Just woke up from a dream with Tydi c: hahah
Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained? Is this not why you are here?
You can't be a success the next moment because you have already moved on to do something else. -Phil Jackson
Sometimes you need someone else to help you realize your greatest flaw... and save you from it. It can be hard, just become better from it.
I asked a SIMPLE question. I wasn't making fun of them! It was a question!!
Jay Carney on #KXL: "The Republicans put in jeopardy a process that should be immune from politics ... and tried to hijack it."
: well yesterday i didnt put on sunblock so i got a minor sunburn.! =P but it's okay i got my tan. ;) ahaha & damm that sucks.!
second that. stay away.
Good day, everybody. Just coming up for a little air and to see what's tweeting!
why do you do this to yourself? Just stop watching like I did after Jennifer Hudson lost.
m sounds delicious. We're doing a yam/potato tart that would go great w pork, thanks!
Cool! What's it an allegory for? MT : There's a #StarTrek ep w/ space dinos whose fundamentalists deny Terran origins
This is my second Twitter! Welcome to my fans!!(: #Mahomies <3
Wow teal, real quality playing and sportsmanship...
Hey i finally bought my ticket to the webster hall show ! <3
Today I realized, not for the first time, that I way overuse the word "cool"
love love love your hair and you sang beautifully
My Christmas tree has been dressed she looks so Fabulous oh Holiday season Welcome!
Thought about it and I'm going to make the transition back to #naturalhair. I miss the curly kinky texture. #teamnatural here I come. :)
Free as a bird takes on a whole new meaning when ur child calls to say they brought home a baby chick...found in the road.
What do u think about reprising ur Role in THE BOY IS MINE da Feature Film opposite ur pls 2 get detail
Welp, goodnight twitter.
Don&#39;t be a fool
he did indeed. She is still pursuing this singing career, eh?
Thinking about doing another contest for may. Maybe landscapes.
I wasn't so much GoDaddy's refusal to support SOPA that got me cheering. It was Wikipedia's. Love that Jimmy Wales.
I officially love mix emergency way better than video SL just saying..
NJ is looking pretty heavy and hollow today. Hope everyone in the tri-state gets some.
I walked right into that one
If you remember the man when he is in trouble, chances are he will remember you when he's in trouble again.
Why does sweet tea go right thru my system ?
where? Where?
New Sandwich: Korean BBQ Steak Sandwich, Wasabi Aioli, Pickled Daikon and Carrots, Scallions and Cilantro on fresh baked Baguette. so good..
I just want a best friend. I want to be at each others houses everyday. I want to talk through facial expressions. I want someone):
i just think its dumb. who cares! lol
It seems impossible, but I just read the Sunday New York Times on a Sunday.
Haha, just been taking some time away from it all. Come pick up your Blu and say hi sometime
Timothy #123 in '11 RT Tim or Tebow were not in the top 1000 baby names in the US in 2011. Tim was last in the top 1000 in '85
:) we're so grown up
we all know you will.
Giving Thanks and Farewell to Dave Show coming Saturday 11/26 at Red Eyed Fly :30 PM. Overflow reunion too at 10! Don't miss this show!
at future of work and the free radical w
"Fall seven times and stand up eight."
Everybody thinks I smoke pot!!!! Give me a Damn drug test! !!!!!!!
Tired as CRAP.!!! Bouta take a nap right quick.!
no comment there Paul!
Wow. Just read that Carroll Shelby passed away. Sad, and end of an era in motoring. RIP.
A lot of women didn't get the memo that it's going to get ugly weather-wise this afternoon.
very powerful pic.
lmao! I think so, last I heard. If zbo never gets back to old form, we will lack a playoff closer until a move is made
I have a whole post on my blog www.actingonthespot.com about this “: what websites do u suggest me to look for castings?”
No thanks.. After his initial horrible interview
Cadbury Mini Eggs are so next levs
black bieber hell no
did anyone go on Amazon today? they redesigned! spiffy!! =)
Geez, the power switch on our ADA8000 broke!!!! Great AD/DA for the money, but a broken power switch = :-( !!
I was jus bout to call her tell her I said call me when youll get back n the house
Local News: Billy Corgan stars on new Veronicas song: “heavy metal with a super demonic Black Sabbath riff&quot;
At Darrell's, had a great time playing our set. QMP is tearing it up right now, High is up next. Very fun show!
Every time I bring this person up I hurt inside v_v <\3
come on, come on. i want your toxic, talk sick baby. i know these gospel lips can change me.
If I end up mothering a female hedgehog, her name will be Elba.
That's why it should remain, different tests were there for those who gave it a shot but didn't get it.
Yes! MT Please quit saying your Twitter account was "hacked." All you did was an ill-advised click of a link.
Uni of South Australia and Magic Vision are working on virtual reality. Check out this demo!
yes ttyl :) gym time very nice..been there too today :)
I need a team to root for!
Congratulations to the New Chair of the Wayne County #GOP Bob Jackson!
I would love to win the iPad 2 :)))
Thanks RD! Am very happy with 88.9, the story was awesome. Always like to get attention for the kiddos.
scream vs the scream
Wasn't feeling up to BestFest this weekend, but feeling sad about it now that I see all the pics and tweets from pals.
haha I know!!! Lmao. Have you seen what she looks like?
Finally got share new design of penthouse for last night. Bonus - got to meet Jordan Mackay!
I aint worried bout yo man wanna make love tonight!
My mom said she would think about me getting one. I just have to get it somewhere my dad won't see it. Lol
“ OMG I haven't heard Mindy Thompson Fullilove- mentioned since the late 80s when doing HIV work in Bay Area!”
hecks yea mama!!
or wonder?
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO OUR FRIENDS AND FANS!!
same :D
Groves provides personalized assistance with bathing
I'm great. Just don't like lying sorry mu'fuckaz.
15 days to summer
": When girls rather call you than text you"
What do you mean, sorry it couldn't last longer?
What's your favorite thing about silk?
I was so freaken tired last night haha me and were ready to just sleep! :p
schedule mx with cue cards.
Well at least Pirates got 1 tonight.
*raises up glass against evil forces* whiskey for my men & beer for my horses! (it's a #countrymorning, y'all).
This no longer sounds like something I want to spend time on. Ever. Thanks for taking one for the team here.
I know girls that turn into sluts just to get revenge on other girls
I am! I don't know how I missed your both but I'll stop by this afternoon!
Listening to Peter Vesterbacka CMO Rovio "were not a game company... We'll be the first entertainment company to have a Billion fans... But…
Cool! Can't wait to read it! Thanks!
Happy Cheesecake Day! Come celebrate America's love for this palatable pleasure at Priory Fine Pastries, where #welovecheesecake !
Never waste your time standing in judgement of others! It is nothing more than a waste of time!
Hey Wes, thanks for the follow. I'm moving to LA in a couple of months have #KORN got any shows coming up in the Westcoast?
OMG!! you're so stupid! It's a CAT AKA PUSSY The cat is not a vagina Get your facts str8. And don't question my education.
I try to know God. They say he the key to my blessings and if I speak the good into existence, that instant my dreams will unlock...
Actors Access People
Bout to be off soon :)
Oh you have a new estimate, Ford? $1500? Sure. Want my left arm? The shirt off my back? No? Just the cash?
Twitaholic much, B?
The fight between Texas Lawmakers and Planned Parenthood continues. Find out tonight at 9 how this affects you.
Why don't any hardware stores carry "Mjollnir"?
#FF ---> Some of my favorite artists/biz woman!! !! xx
Missing from that photo...umbrella drink. Get on that OK?
If you haven't already, make sure you get out tomorrow and VOTE!!!! Make your voice heard
I like the dash
Come to Zimbrick Honda at 4 o'clock this afternoon to spin the wheel and win free #Honda swag!
I thought you quit?
if only you had a large-print phone
well if anyonr needs a little guidance...Masters and opening day iIknow where you'll be!!
I want to hear them
& , so fun tonight! let's do it again, with Brody's songs;) , thanks for the coffee run:-)
People are never satisfied with the lil things like honestly
I have an 8th grader job shadowing me today. Love that young ones have an interest in event planning (and even know it's a career option!)
Rell is about to be shuttin down the dance floors in C Town when she gets back!
Some shit just want ever :(
thanks for the RT!
I just went in and anonymously paid off 700 people's layaway accounts at Kmart. It was the best $20 I ever spent. Merry Christmas!
OH at #sxsw - "No, it's like the word Interest but with a P in front of it."
M, down on Thursday? :)
i need help
New posh wine tasting center has arrived in Seattle! It's Urban Enoteca. 4130 1st Ave S, Sea, WA - Come see me and taste Kiona Vineyards!
My damn Rams look like a pee wee squad. Why cant we score in the red zone.Dahl is trash. J.Blackman please. Lets go Rams. Shit takes heart.
c'mon man you gotta rep yo shat!!! We don't watch time time watches us!!!
Run, don't walk till you get to meet Victoria who holds "court" at Loehmann's Backroom.. sophistication,fashion& oh yes bargains
SEO is useless if you have a weak or non-existent call to action
Photo ID will drive up local property taxes as cities pay for the new restrictions. Photo ID is not 'free'
3 more hours.
Track and Field World Championships begins in Berlin next week. Usain Bolt and Tyson Gay set to continue running duel
go follow <---- aha he's pretty cute && follows back #TFB get at him!!
aw thanks :)
Got a giant sugar cookie- got a crumb stuck in my eye- hyperventilated during my chuckle- laughter turned into tears. I am a mess.
Come by soon! ": I've always LOVED (and coveted) Ganesh... but that MIRROR is beyond!! #want #need"
After enlightenment, the laundry. -Zen Proverb
Hi, I'm Liz, and according to Danny, and his imaginary friends, Cassidy and I fucked my best friend.
Lace Up.
RT : "My studio begins at the art supply store. I imagine all the paintings trapped inside those tubes of paint." John Ferrie
yes rain<3
Maybe I brought this upon myself...
Kinda sad about the Bioshock delay, but I do already have a decent amount of games on my list in the fall. I'm sure I can keep busy :)
Sorry to everyone who received a tweet or message from me outside of what I typically post. Working to fix it...
I'll give away a little hint: There are a pair of nice big juicy lips involved...lol NOW do you wanna see it??
Thank you - much better.
Very stressful week, but I got carded! Should wear jeans & no makeup more often :)
2nd day in my new position here at Corporate and I am loving it!
Chimienti says lang would be beneficial, tech would be good, he advocated longer school day for long time.
You're welcome!
maybe /all/ CE should be leveled, period. I know to use Chase's calendar of events for programming ideas, thanks.
<U+FFFD> In terms of the formation of long-term relationships, it's far better to get false negatives than false positives.<U+FFFD> Eric Pepke
#iZigg is so simple to use. Your customers text the #keyword to 90210 from their phones and receive the auto-reply message with your offer.
not gonna lie just googled what that was...you nasty bastard!
love you!!! I hope we get into the bid
Enter Your Tweet via bi - oral sex is Great!!
Check out the Open Book Alliance for updates on the Google Books Settlement
amazing how some companies just rip everything you have come up with
No arrests, no livestream sorry. Will post video soon.
how ironic, SO DO I!!!!
it really is :/ I know that feel.
I don't think Ryback would ever job to Screech.
"Yes, I am forever alone. (A)dored (L)oved and (O)bviously (N)eeded by (E)veryone"
Idk how long dey plan on keepin my baby n da hospital..but im thinkin we might b here all week
Join us tonight for the Yankees vs. Red Sox game #2! Wear Yankee gear & get FREE knots...wear Red Sox gear & expect to wait 10 extra min ;-)
Do it :o RT Im so close to buying this Michael Kors watch....
Lol "I love you but I hate that picture. That guy has ugly hair." XD lmfao gotta love him.
So proud of my big brother today in his game <U+2764>
Scott Manning Stevens-how did Native nations fit into colonial concept of nation ? ISHS symposium, Contested Lands: 1763-1840, Peoria, IL
I need to do my HW!
Agreed! :) RT : Experience is what you get, when you don't get what you want
My nigga got the art award!
Salt and bread make the cheeks red. - German Proverb
you're not black!
THURSDAY IS DATE NIGHT! Plan now on stopping by tonight.
What was that cars.com ad?
Even Bernie is frustrated : End of Q2,OMG
got used to watching the O no's on a big screen..now feel like i turned the binoculars around to watch it
Thanks for the tip Mr. Chase!
Never woke up horny b4 ....i dont like it ...i dont know hows guys cn go through this every morning
#PieceofAdvice If you go to Alaska, do not feed alcohol to moose, it’s illegal. Bet you didn’t know that.
So excited to have #Wisconsin booth next week! Stop by & see what WI has to offer #solar industry!
I might need a pic to approve- as I am away from my "desk"
we just opened but we'd love for the community to here more about us and our commitment to sustainability and local foods
Thanks for the follow Martin!
cool (: im from hawaii
; I'm great, I have been enjoying myself. How was your night?
That really sucks. Sorry.
Without personal sovereignty a person is cannot truly be free.
This fucking sucks !
well the sun was up so I was confused d-ray...
the more they get it, the less stress for you
#billyidol live in nyc what can be better?
lmao I told u I knw and he culd got a full breed...papers and all
Hula hooping barefoot on aggregate for an hour probably wasn't my smartest decision today.
I Will Be Taking A Small Break From Photography To Handle Some Legal Work... Last Week So Book Your Photo Shoot Session Today!!!
- touche' salesman ... touche'.... maybe I need to make a trip to Tehas?
Why do ppl say "tho" after everything?
Rhetorical inquiry: Do you work for a living or, live to work?
just realized that I don't own a stapler. i own a whole company...but no stapler. i must get my priorities together SMH
I make laundry piles on the floor & pretend its money & say out loud "Jeeves! I keep tripping on all this money! put all this money away!"
Thank you!!! We can custom decorate them too :)
At the #sxsw accelerator, waiting for a sighting. I see a throne labeled "King" on the stage.
Not exactly "The Drive" but Tebow gets it done. Who knows how?!
It is true! RT : Employer: Don't give us a professional portfolio & have an unprofessional Facebook account. We'll find it.
interesting! How expensive was it?
yeah effin right.
DC's 10 Most Powerful Women - DC Startup Community by
Nice, was hoping for some sessions over there before the firkin.. looking forward to fat gary on cask at pipers..
Everything is done except for ONE song, plus guest vocals on another song. Might post a rough track tonight.
My wife is sexy. #<3
Watching the latin Grammys :D
#oomf could get her pussy ate the fuck up...RIGHT FUCKIN NOW...
Still not buying that Lin can sustain? Someone should help get him his own place/bed. He's staying awhile.
Poynter's Iron Pit is now open in Richmond, Kentucky 40475. Stop in and checkout the Pit, you will not be disappointed.
That lady just did the worst Oprah impression ever.
we've missed you guys this weekend!
I submit "The Shame of Life" by the Butthole Surfers as another proud Song Featuring a Squirrel Lyric Somewhere - DvL
I've been dreading it... but later today, I take on the daunting task of cleaning out my crap twitter connections!
Late night admin meetings.... meh!
LOVE that plan. If we can bring people in with events, could draw more pop-ups.
ill also add that the last NBC anchor I had a crush is now on MSNBC with features on today and nightly.....
You become what you despise, a stereotype.
#Achievement unlocked: post totally uninteresting food photo.
approaching the end of a very long semester. will be thankful for the end tomorrow. Then I just have to study for the MTEL.
What components to that design do you consider 'mold-breaking'?
Thanks to Mayor Vic Collova of Garfield Heights for his endorsement of my candidacy for CC Prosecutor. @
Happy New Year Handsome!
Again cleesie gone upload it fuckers
It will never be as good as that 3disc import that many of us missed out on... at least in my head.
Convention center room for Ron Paul rally is already at capacity (1,500). Supporters still lined up for blocked waiting to get in
Natalie, I hope you and your agency is doing well. Perhaps I will offer my acting/modeling workshop for your talent soon.
How terrible is the lineup thus far? Only headliner I would see is ZBB! Don't expect anyone under 55 at the Marcus this summer
thank you so much for portraying Israel accurately and providing media training to southern officials!
Backk off...He's mine. All mine. Always and forever.
Just for today I will forget the problems of the world, and move forward as if Im brand new. Angel
I get the exact same feeling when I look at pictures of you. <3 :)
The page that shows tweets from everyone you follow, the timeline er whatever you wanna call it xP
one more thing stop acting like your tight with people in the NFL and other leagues, cuz I here players DONT like u!hater
#ThingsIcanLiveWithout grown ass women watching these young crazy bitches on BGC
Great minds think alike , although yours is a minute ahead of mine! MT Shouldn't they make the list?
Take jab steps on your back foot - if you move your top foot back then jab steps will kill you
Thanks Jessica!
The grass always looks greener on the other side, until you step in dog shit of course
Exactly RT : live life who cares what people say
Knows how to make clients laugh! I'm sure he got some amazing photos!
giving away free comedy for the next four minutes! who wants one?!
Some nikka was getting blown down in the bathroom, Smfh! Only in DHS
Looking forward to watching a new balanced F1 season Air and rubber
please dont leave ohio! i'll miss you way too much
Sharks also sign defenseman Dylan Demelo to an entry level contract. #SJSharks selected him in 2011 during the 6th round.
feelings hurt;). We're very sensitive ... Kidding ... French fries are gluten free ;) as are bottomless mimosas
Good day with my family in Disney who came up to visit me :)
you back down tomorrow
I need to get to 300 followers tonight...
On that note, really looking forward to Snapshot: Painters and Photography opening 2/4.
Haha! Some like lolipops - I like -> RT : ... awww wouldn't worry about.. Hmm she may bring her mascot to dance w/ya
Toppers pizza is avg. Topperstix are from the heavens above. Triple orders after 10pm are an elixir like no other
So glad to be home.
im not being mean but you cant deny how much k2 accomplished she was a diva champion kharma is a lil overated to me
My car just died, yay
Hicksville & Long Beach
It's too early to move.
CANNOT WAIT TO SEE THE VOW!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+008D>
An applicant has as many rights under the eeoc as a 25 year employee.
A live report from outside #roastchella: Its hot.
happy for Kobe, PJ and Sid the Kid...congrats to all...are you ready for some LFL?
In this world we created, in this place that we live
#ItsFriday Pass me the bottle & the shot glass ... And turn up the music
I'm up for a very late in the year, but somewhat like a Valentines day, type of a date...
Can't sleep :/
I am walking bow-legged today. Not for the reason that immediately comes to mind.
In my vision for the future, CMS' only have admin UIs and serve content via a REST API which ajax-based sites utilize
Love this ampersand list!! Thanks for sharing.
Watching the #MSU game in the STATE of basketball beats a lot of things in March.
sleep sleep!! <3
#Oscars : These actors and actresses make me laugh at the crusade to conceal the inevitable decay of their bodies.
I'm sorry only means i'll try not to get caught next time
Not as intense a you'd think especially when you've trained for 12 weeks
Your dad is the coolest!
Glad you enjoyed them. Nice to hear what the guys thought about the season.
Pouring in North Seattle rt now, almost looks like frozen rain/snow at times - not going out 2 find out
Congrats on reaching 3 mill! We love you! <3 :)
#Heartattack Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Title: Surgeons Need Help Learning How to Deliver Bad News Category: Healt
Thanks! We are in the final stretch now!
"Psst! Hey Patrick?" "What?" "I thought of something better than 24" "What?" "25"
unofficially October
" BREAKING: Joey Votto crushes walk-off grand slam for his 3rd homer of the game." - Watch out Josh Hamilton.
Life is full of surprises, one moment you think you have life all figured out then "BAM" you get a curve ball.
YES! : As depressing as snow can be, remember FREE HOT COCOA in 3rd Ward at & w/ more than 1 inch
I threw up my last night recipe in the bathroom. Conspicious of the rotten peanut.
I've never cried to a song until i heard the song hair. :)
RT Today we hosted an event at our Madrid Academy to share our vision as a global accelerator with UK experts. We're delighted!
ur a great singer=)
YES! just dropped the Sadi Gali beat by on ! #Bhangra going mainstream! Props!
You Ready *in my Trey voice*
Worrying about things that don't worry about you is one of the dumbest things you can ever do.
After Fighting Gravity, AGT will have one of these acts every season.
:) RT : Why not ? RT - The next person to RT this gets an autographed #TopChef t-shirt. :)
Mrs Black Globe International 2012 is up and at it this morning
never mind
tired slept less than three hours last night. On the bus. Haha. What about you?
Oh look! We have a code for The Witcher 2 Enhanced Edition on PC -- DRM free even. We'll be giving it away next week, so keep your eyes here
If you think that is cool and you would buy it, please let me know. The website and pics are outdated, but the idea is same.
great tweets should be shared. Thanks. John
Hello Nathan kress how are you today? Your so awesome on icarly.
Megan is growing on me (if she would *just* get those teeth fixed!). Lane...not so much.
11:11 IS AN AMAZING SONG!!!EVERYONE SHOULD BUY IT ON ITUNES!! #Buy1111!!!!<3
Anyone else still hold their breath & make a wish when driving through a tunnel...?
i feel so good about who i am..i want u to feel good about u so heres a big old fashioned hug..for anybody who needs one.
yes! the three of us should go to something this season! i'll send an email out to plan.
Awesome walk through of the under-construction entertainment venue today! BIG things in store for party people
Get a mean cat!
are u and prodigy related cause yall look like cousins.
yess same here i am verry sadd ): but lets keep tryinq hope he follows us very soon. #StandGRAND!
The awkward conversation with someone when you can't remember their name.
Sometimes, when we can't understand, it is easy to rebel from what we know is truth....But it is EASIER to draw nearer to it, and accept...
Wooohooo Tebow to the Jets. I was #Tebowing most of the night that he wasn't coming to GB. It worked.
Help Tibetans who have suffered under Chinese rule for so long. May peace and happiness, tranquility and joy, spread throughout the world!
Great business dinner meeting restaurant. Awesome new stuff coming soon for !
It's funny how lyrics to new songs just come to me when I least expect them.
Doing outreach at a Christmas event at a park. Gotta say, I'm really diggin it!
UH OH CAN U SAY CONTROVERSY
You live and you learn....
Happy mothers day (: i hope erebody has a blessed one.
Only a couple of days before our performance . . . The anticipation! !
Tweet: "Follow the New York " and two people will win ALL IN shirts! Winners will be DM'd
is very happy that Dave comes home today!
that pan was $10 at Costco 7 years ago...go for it if it ruins it we can get another...
Also busy. Working full-time for Annabel again, but I don't report to her directly these days. School going well. Wedding....
it'll be later, but not that late.
Since that time, the culture of the school has remained rooted in serving the community which founded it.
Is anyone else at the #rank session a little put off by Duane's attitude? Call me sensitive.
Off to work...T.G.I.F. Looking forward to the weekend
USPS blew when they didn't see email coming. If they figured out how to get a 1/4 cent per email, they'd hv no worries.
just passed by the immigration reform march going down 16th: "obama, escucha! estamos en la lucha!"
Tell Jon Brown to sling some major diet Pepsis your way! That guy is the man.
Correction. We are all crazy.
I see the light!
I'm in! RT You know who I want to have on the show soon? and
When I'm focused I work fast and at a great quality and I love what I do.
"normal is only a setting on the washing machine," PapaLove's prophetic statement of the day.
getn the weekend started ..long weekend so come out and party w the Team #WHOOP!
I mean he obviously has. Hahah jk
I skipped Finite today....no wonder i have a D+ in that class.
Enjoy each and every moment, they grow up fast
I'm in Toledo...
Now wandering to the saws section...I'm sorry, juggling saws is not allowed, Sears employee? My bad.
3/21/1776->N. Cooke:I am extremely sorry to hear that your Militia are so deficient in Arms—I fear the misfortune is too common
I will be at the Funnybone in Hartford CT in August does that count?!
Forgetting your phone is pretty awesome.
Which FFPC league is it? (assuming it is one)
hosted China Forum. Dynamic speaking program and business panel, included State St Corp, Genzyme & UMass
were gonna meet up and plan it
#askvinny COME TO KANSAS this June?(:
We'll be serving dinner Monday night in
Extremely classy move by the Red Sox tonight: the PA will remain silent in memory of Carl Beane.
I Wonder Who Ima Be Talking To On The Phone Tonight ? ,
Next wine dinner is on Wed, Feb 29 - Cantena Wines - really good and a really good price too !
On my way to Universal Studios with my cousin, her son and her bf
Pimms cups, pomegranate martini pitchers, manhattans, and good old fashioned beer paired with blowouts, mani/pedis, and massages.
The first day of spring actually feels like spring
The dunks been nasty lately
? text it aign
#HowToTreatAWoman On Easter, give her at least half of your
Today I challenged everyone at the shelter to grab hold of the sides of the pit and let's start climbing together... Continued next tweet
On our way to Orlando,Florida to play #FMF2012 ! Wish that keyboards could fold up!
I'm shaky.
Apple reaches 25 billion app downloads with 4 days to spare prior to their announcement this Wednesday.
Thanks Steve! Hope you're having an amazing day.
I think I just helped the US buy it's way out of the recession. Been shopping all day for #HomeBrewed. Just left Costco w/ Phew
Seriously nostrils, just stop it.
Was that the winning design from the contest?
thanks for the retweet, and all your support for artists!
there's always next game
awkward moment when I realize if me & Zayn have kids they'll look mad Pakistani.. LMFAO
how do I enter? :)
Wow! Not even sure I could do that right now. She's awesome.
not fearing Serena which is why JCap & Henin had great rivalries with her.
Packers Wide Receiver?
hahaa funny stuff :P
I just watched my FIRST HEAVY D music video. Oh boy, what I have been missing...
depends on what kind, but I always used Imprints Wholesale for my blanks.
I wish I had a raspado in bed right now.
I could find an ass to put in your mouth...
I see u!
Ooh! The Rookie is on tv. Great movie! I own it but haven't watched it in ages.
"Nobody likes to do a lot of things. That is my words of wisdom." - Shirley Huddleston, Teacher
April Fools’ Day is like a huge open mic night in which millions of people go out of their way to demonstrate how unfunny they are.
so your talking to yourself?
Thanks to all the Reason Rally attendees! I'm with you in spirit! Or..."with you" in "spirit."
how does she sound??! :-)
and that bitch free lol #TeamHuluPlus fuck Netflix now
I never have to play another jury ever again >>>>>
If he makes this I'm gonna be so mad
On balance, the draft added a lot and has the potential to have added much more.
Stupid Kentucky won, go away.
wait til u hear these beats dawg. We gotta collaborate dude. We must
I am not in the fucking mood for anything.
Should you really be awarded first base for being a crappy bunter?
RT IF YOU LOVED 's SONG #SaySomethin!
Anything we confuse with love with take us back to the fork in the road and it will give us another chance.
oh right ! I've just realised i was sat on my skittles now there all soft!xx
Awesome snowfall here in Pgh! Thinking Skiing
definitely a great way to start the day by seeing a friendly face!
Samuel Thomas Flint :)
Thanks for the RT, Andrea (and I added the sharing links)
yes captain after work
Just tweeted the exact same thing. I completely agree with you.
RT #cheering on 3rd down helps out your home team more then you know so. Pass the word around.
Just want to say that Southwest Archaeology Today will be Maya-2012-doom free for the entirety of this happy new year.
Luckily it's not too bad.
So weird, came on my Pandora as I wrote that tweet. Odd
ha like I said we do things weird here :) what did you do today?
Merry Christmas man! Hopefully ur busy schedule has settled down for ONCE so u could enjoy time with family. 2012 is Yours
congrats my man!!!! Wish you all the best in NO!
oh no! Hope it's nothing serious.
Know what I'll be doing this weekend! *InTheCupcakeLab *St. Patrick'sDayCupcakes
we're twins. We're supposed to hate the same things/people.
Brushing your teeth helps decrease stress!
Ok people we may have a problem. Where did Happy Endings go??!!
omg, I will totally buy your album the first day it comes out<3
Not to mention, a sneaky Linus & Lucy tease.
City Gear is the place to be... levis SHOES 20% OFF!!!!!!!!!!
I admire those who can handle it, but it's highly doubtful that I myself will ever be hip.
LIGHTS and Beau I can't they are too perfect for the word perfect dnfjsmfbs still can't get over them
new Spiritualized is very good as well
WHY NOT? >.< LOL RT :The Devil can kiss my ass, im not selling shit for fame
would you please like to make my wish come true and follow me :)
Julie Simpson on specific models outside schools together with some definitions
I stopped everything... And they say they hate me because I walk a certain way? Guess what?? I don't fuckin care what you think
just like labeling someon a tourney player is wrong. we are all just madden players and thats it
how's life though?
Oatmeal is a great emollient and a gentle exfoliator. It soothes and softens your skin. Try Vanilla Oatmeal or Oatmeal Milk & Honey soap.
I've paid my dues
Gonna get stabby with my knives in a minute.
you can fuck with my bitch just dont fuck with my money
Great shoot with and today. Sneak peek coming shortly
Blame the Devil!!! HAHA!!
I'd love to know how it goes! Will you be writing up the results?
Create a beautiful & inspired Friday! #Peace &
Did anyone see the end of Jeopardy? That was crazy!
this is exactly what i was thinking!! we shud defo set up a whole school blog to promote what the school is doing and
get some big boy pants on u nancy!
Don't worry, I'll be a cool dad. I'll let you buy all of the comic books you want with your allowance money.
Ayera: visializing emancipation demonstrates that students at liberal art colleges can contribute to digital scholarship
Does your design studio retain a lawyer? If so, what situations does s/he help you out with?
Notre Dame's guard play is too much for Baylor to handle. ND wins 78-73
Im coming to Texas In May Who Im gone kick it With I know noone There O_o
The ocean is approximately 6 miles deep.
How much can you find, when you're not finding fault...
Hay!! That's awesome! :)
“: go to bed foo” lol. On that note, goodnight folks.
11 days of school left. Hurry up.
#Brewers at home in June. Mets, Cardinals, Rays and Twins. 12 opportunities to get to Miller Park. When you go....Let Us Drive You!
so you're the home wrecker? Hmm
take me(: I haven't been to the movies in ages, literally. Haha
The skies above the OC have turned gray, time to fly home. Have a wonderful Friday everyone!
i saw that and was like wow this is a very general yet oddly specific email that seems sent to me but doesn't use my name ;)
hey kelly I'm hungry too
I wish I was going to Milwaukee this weekend like the rest of my Twitter feed.
Maybe by 2022 we'll just download the 1950 census directly to our implanted storage device!
What other instrument is the flutist playing???
hahah have i? (;
justin bieber is calling girls now! .. one every night ! check www.call-justinbieber.com Rt xoxo
Volunteering at Dell Children's tonight. Can't wait!
Shout out to our 600th follower
it's a Monday night. I'm surprised your not drunk...?
We want to thank for being a sponsor of #idea10 this year. We couldn’t do this without you.
Today seems like a good day to decorate the door to our offices. Paper snowmen aren't as fun all the real thing, but they'll have to do.
What makes a child feel that they deserve to be bullied? How can society believe that is acceptable?
I know but I suck at theology and if I don't study I'll fail
my pleasure- it's really good to hear from you-so glad you're doing well
I need to be sleep I gotta get up from work in a couple of hours.smh
Thats an old but VERY good one. shld be expanded to incl. , , #BushCabal, et.al., no?
What a gorgeous winter day, and they're only getting longer from here. Join us for happy hour 4-7.
hi yes I'll most likely be there on friday & sat. I'll msg you my number to reach me
why do people hide what they truly mean to say under a whole bunch of nonsense
ABOUT A WEEK - All the production assistants were women. Suzanne Baranski, Lynn Nack, Diane Battersby and Yael Gidron.
great vacay thou!
Vinyl release party tonight at ! $5 at the door, $5 for our new split 7" vinyl with on Get a ltd red vinyl!
Watching my sister struggle with a pressure cooker. I feel like a #chopped judge.
don't get twitter slapped:) stop tweetin me man!!!!!!!
So excited to go to the Association of Bridal Consultants "Lunch and Learn" today!!!- Ashli Cox Catering Sales Manager
you work 4/7? Golf? Take off if your answer is yes
#uCantBeToughAndSay you got anything sweet to drink?
Please go sit dwn sum where now before I go H.A.M., bc you been wrkin my nerves for the last week now
wats up guys imma be online for a while
I have nada going on for the majority of the year & then randomly June becomes the month everyone plans things. This is getting ridiculous
I love them.
Thanks Ronnie! Friend's name? Website?
Wow, did I really make it that easy for you to just walk out of my life?
imma try to have a EP up by the end of the week.
Forget mistakes. Forget failure. Forget everything except what you're going to do now and do it. Today is your lucky day.
you should totally invite me sometime!
now following...thank you
Hi Lindsy thanks for follow, yes life is a journey. Still winter in Minnesota?
Pride leads to disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom. (#Proverbs 11:2 #NLT) #VerseOfTheDay on the #Bible #App for the
Damn it. Craftycunt.wordpress is already taken. Craftyvagina is an option, but doesn't have the same ring to it! :(
With redskins 16-3... wow RT Just like everyone expected: Lions, 49ers and Bills are now a combined 13-2.
sexy outfit
I heard that Ru Paul clarified that he was not Ron Paul the other day....
Getting some major repairs done on our Hemi. Looking at spending about $2000. Sick of this 4-cylinder POS rental. Worthless!
how far from the contestants camp do you stay when not filming?
He should go for not supporting in NC11 over that Blue Dog scum.
It's all good bro. Glad you like it as much as I do!
I never thought I'd say this, but I am really happy I joined the #gym. Hoping to start jogging again soon!!
Kavita Patel is giving the best talk I have heard her give in my short health policy career
Definition of a massacre: Thunder vs. Lakers.
At the #poweratl2012 event
“You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.” Dr. Seuss
Cory Booker is taking the stage
A perfectly ripe banana and Nutella for breakfast!
oh, then we'll see you there! Vegas here we come :>
thanks! Hope you are well!
So much to do when I get back to Syracuse! Excited to me working on a team with my friend !
oh yeah? Sweden is it. That is a good deal.
you guys are best friends! You shouldn't be arguing over stuff like this :/
Hell yeah
My bf loves when I look through my Twitter news list & blurt out all the headlines as he's trying 2 watch football... not! OMG
hurts me to think about you but if you want I'll do so because pff:)
That is awesome!!
Would GOP fund programs out of Defense Budget, if on behalf of the poor, jobless, fems & gays, we DECLARE WAR ON AMERICAn greed? If so, I do
Official Opening for Blush Mequon kicks off tomorrow! Book your complimentary spring makeup & try , , &
D-Bo ft Dbo Montana
Beans and wieners.
Blake is their best player
You kiss your mother with that mouth?
You can lead a horse to water...
eat ma eat
What kind of painting would you create of it was titled "BBQ & Saucy Land?!"
We Bought a Zoo was a fantastic movie!!! :)
thanks for that weather retweet. for serious. It'll probably take me 2 hours to get home from work now.
: thanks! You're always so kind! Enjoy your weekend plz. :)
": I'm not shy, I'm holding back my awesomeness, so I don't intimidate you." This reminds me of uou
Hey my photographic community, let us know your dream shoot. Who, what or where?
Being less than honest w/ others will permanently mark your character if you don't change. Let your "yes be yes", & "no mean no"
Doing a great job. Thanks for promoting better eye care.
if we get the place, there will be a huge party. Big party deck our back for beer, grilling meats and a fire pit for s'mores!!
: I didn't follow you for advertisements. Hope the drama mellows on the show and ya'll get another season. Peace.
O word that's crayy my cuz rafi told me a lot of ppl are quitting HD <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B2>
Oh man, p90x shoulders triceps & biceps + 250 squats = much pain. Ouch!
#CanIBeHonestWithYou I still don't totally get twitter. Like should I b tweeting anytime I eat something? & where I am? & tk a picture?
Thank you! And a sunny Saturday shout out to you, too! : )
": Waking up to eat breakfast then going back to sleep on a full stomach, not healthy but it's an awesome feeling >"
At the #dodgers #pirates game with colleagues and journo mentors watching the dodgers try to hold a 3-2 lead
Louis and Eleanor have finally found true love, romance has #ComeOutToPlay for One Direction
Another year. Same Ol product
Debating wearing shorts today. It will be chilly, but it kind of feels worth it.
New Belgium samples at binnys on Clark was a nice end of week surprise.
I just want people to be careful, I don't want to cause drama, and I certainly am not trying to get attention.
Deliradio also has an app for the iPhone!
For TV news, I loves me my PBS Between that and , I always get something to think about.
- Great news to hear #Fastenal numbers, it's hard explaining that to everyone who wants to keep saying the sales aren't there.
I actually enjoy these eye exams (tho they're 2 keep an eye on an anomaly). Eye exames are basically a series of video games
I have no idea what I'm doing with my life.
Trying out CFEclipse. Neat.
#CLIPPERS on a 6-0 run and having taken lead by 4!!
If you can dream it, you can do it. ~~Walt Disney
what can I say, I'm an overachiever.
the sleeping pills aren't worth the crazy dreams they give u lol get someone to read u a bedtime story haha
hahaha yeah! Knowledge is knowledge!!!
Aries Are Cool
Teachers should be evaluated (not judged) by formal/informal observation, daily student performance, parent surveys, etc...
Me too, I love the movies. But for a rom-com or an indy that doesn't need to be seen on the big screen, I'd love it.
The storm has just been downgraded significantly. Think we can handle this just fine for our weekend events.
Toast to Spring w $10 pitchers Sun- Thurs! Enjoy #Calabash Thurs tonight w North Carolina fried seafood platters
Standing desk day 2
Will the #Yankees make it? WrestleMania® XXVIII Tickets on Sale This Saturday STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--WWE® announced today th
It's Mostly Dedicated To Ian But Its All My INPIRATIONS Over The Years
What you get out of it depends on what you put into it
suggestion also came up here in the studio...the debate goes on...
Night Twitter!:)
Its good to be back in the oc for the night! Vip !
Hospital, work, hospital, work, recoger escenografia, ... Triple espresso, work, --
Always great to see you and everyone at
RT send us a testimonial video and get 500 free points on our site! www.tweepnest.com
Congrats to Philly. Regardless of No D.Rose the #Bulls had plenty of chAnces to win this series but shut down. Til next year...
Keep us in mind when you're ready to frame it!
Games of Thrones is aight, dont see what all the hype is about but im already halfway so i might as well finish season one
did i see you at the Bellino's birthday party??? xxo
Hi I think of your #momcongress message every time we hit the playground! Keep up the great work.
ok(: <U+2665> tell you mom i say thank you for giving birth to an amazing daughter by the name of Galilea Lopez <U+2665>
lol it's just so annoying to me!! I'm not even friends with these people and I still have to hear about it or see it
I disagree, LA might be able to hold a lead, but the Canucks know what they have to do.
except for when its
are you rooting for the #Caps tomorrow b/c you live in DC or b/c Thomas is a douchebag?
Being fake is the new trend now, so I guess everyone is in style.
We invite you to give us a try! You'll notice the difference. We're dedicated 24 hrs a day and take care of you the Lonestar Way!
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.'s estranged wife found dead in New York. Source: AP
#prsun - I am a member of the National Association of Hispanic Journalists.
highly recommend "the artist." thought silent might put me to sleep. didn't. was great.
Hi! I never got to say goodbye after wedding last year. Hope you're all well.
Woke up and no txt from her smh -_-
Great job & on #POTUS coverage in Albany today!
on the #bizzydiet do we take bcaa's on non-training days?
I submitted my song 3 days ago to a scout looking for music. The next day, he said he wants to present it to the director.
How the fuck can you call youself my friend when you make jokes about how I used to cut, and telling me I shouldn't be with your friend,CUNT
Not at all a crack but as a peripheral individual who is aware of the NBA...I couldn't name one person who plays for the Sixers
My Birthday Over =(((.
I can't stand most people.
Actually, anything that Jack White does is brilliant, so he could score the next Eddie Murphy movie and I'd be in.
S/o Houston Hoops as they continue to dominate! Undefeated this weekend! Overall record is either 11/12 with 2 L's
his voice "man im out the way rite now i aint even drivin" that nigga favorite line
Mine too!
Watching Disney movies starting with all the high school musicals <U+2764>
Just performed at "Honky Tonks" in Nashville and bout to sing again at the world famous "Tootsies" !! Am I dreaming?
Did you eat the pizza? RT : i will not eat that pizza i will not eat that pizza i will not.
You couldn't get to your phone fast enough could you? Is a race on?
#ROMANRELOADED ! i love that song
going to watch the patriots and Mavs play tmrw
Lucky. I don't think that will ever happen with me.
I ve been riding the Lost Dutchman v2 frame and it's holding together so far.
So true.
Tweet me questions!? (:
what system do you play it on?
yea, I mean they're all easy things really, and they all pay well!! What do you do for a livin besides school??
Weeping angels always freak me the hell out
NTAC family - don't forget to schedule your interview this week. Last week for scheduling. Thanks!
remember last year when you had "special" gummy bears
Happy that the sun is shining
come to omaha on your next tour with and ill bring you MiO :) <3
I volunteered to be on your committee but didn't make it on there. There's always the future to collaborate!
four year strong album, bottle of mountain dew and I'm ready to dick this essay. If this cunt ever moves the bus towards my uni that is.
I've been on a diet for two weeks and all I've lost is fourteen days.
will be back there tomorrow!
were only going to give you them then go I thought:Llol, but ok (:
4th: Power Ally by Daniel Sprecher & André Kelly - enabling easy consumer electricity choice based on criteria (eg, price, green)
I told my dad I felt like eating a salad and he went outside and took leaves off a tree and put it in a bowl. No dad, no.
Note to self: I take better pictures when I'm drunk; bring Smirnoff to social events. Also unpack Smirnoff from back of car.
Thanks for all the Re-Tweets!!!
So Stevie Wonder just to intro Paul McCartney? Why no Stevie performance? That would have been awesome!
When you think 5 years ahead, don't just make business goals. Make goals for your whole life and how your biz fits in it.
When did we ever study together?.. Never.
Liquor in the house for the first time since August 2006. Should be a very interesting weekend.
Yes gorgeous, but I'm a little behind. Ps. You're my muse!
So I took a shower and when I gt in the hot water burned my ass!!! Dmnt
Thanks for the mention!
Think of the best day you had and duplicate it!
love watching Jim Morrison get arrested at his own concert. Priceless
Don’t wait to ask God into your life as he will help you see things clearer.
My heart goes out to all of the heterosexual couples who have had their marriages ruined by Obama's support of marriage equality.
"You can easily judge the character of man by how he treats those who can do anything for him" James Miles
Super Bored c;
we are in NYC. I will ha e to check your site out. Hopefully we can help each other.
It's raining. :)
RT : #idea10 is almost here! Don't have tickets? We're giving away 2 passes to the main conf! 1st 2 to email win
what are we gonna do?!
yeah it sucks doesn't it? haha
Treat black spot using a #fungicide spray application on the #plants every two weeks
wondering if I am the only geek working on homework Friday night...
Thx! : Congrats to on promotion to VP. The perfect package of new media smarts and old media values.
So they say "Real Recognize Real" Is that still Real<<<<<<
Whew, I'll go take you off my shit list now :) But srsly, thank for the mention!
What is wrong with me? Almost bought a copy of "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" at the airport.
Good grief. Praying for a speedy recovery!
hey you. follow . she follows back. :D
How many games should Lawrie get? Some have suggested same 50 D. Young got.
is it possible to send me an autograph???? It will be super swag if you can!
You're welcome Denny. Have a great day!
RT : Working 2 get on 2 talk #engineforshank. Do want him on the show? Let them know!
u dont luv me if u dok will u follow( in my mind: im sad dosn't luv me :'(
Well Yost is a genius now. Good pinch hit.
It's sure busy to night here at the casino<U+E20E><U+E20D>WOW!!
did you tour wth Thomas Fiss!? i met him yesterday! hes really good!
Likewise, in every way! Best Jesper
Miscommunication for the Masses! That's what's on #TV. Have a good one!
Question for crew. What other rookies have made their 1st goal in playoffs?
Audience hints that positive policy pushed by Bush 43 was killed by Dems for political reasons. Tired of the game.
Etta James dead --- man.
I do see some artists who use social media like real friends, but too many (and in particular DIY writers) seem like spambots.
sounds good. Hopefully I can fix this problem I just bought pro tools 9 in sept lol
you are RAD! I can't believe you used that word from the 80s...LOL! :)
Mothers are the greatest teachers! What's one thing your mother taught you?
: You got twitter!! :) yes
#UseTittiesInAMovieTitle Percy Jackson: The Tittie Thief
Media weaves stories, but does not represent realities.
Challenge: Say something nice about the Red Sox today.
after that performance by LeBron in the 4th and that Vince dunk I know you feeling good
I just touched my remote while eating an orange and now it is sticky and ruined forever
reports Kings have dealt their No. 7 pick to Bobcats.
Let's change the word slave to intern.
red lights love me today
My suggestion re: OMR is: let me know what you're looking for and I'll see what I can do ...
Blind pig pub at 6. Austin people come come come
Need a personal trainer? Train with Elite Trainer Max "The Body" at Hollywood Body Club
Should've totally went with the lamb kafta burgers
What's the drawing?
He endorsed marriage equality today.
If you love yourself, you could love anyone else.
Here--let me check my thesaurus: task; chore; assignment; effort; activity; venture; vocation; trade; craft.
nah... I think YOU are the best. :)
I'm right there with you man. This is a good move.
#team jack daniels
Nice read. Agree w/ points made.
#schoolmemories getting freaky at nap time ; ) in pre-k
he's such a cutie..but so corny.
Just the type of drama I'd expect from #SurvivalSunday... retains title as most classless, selfish player in all of world sport
man, you're more hardcore than me if you do it :)
Last year I missed the mission trip bc of blizzard. This year, stuck on plane with fog & lightbulb issue. 99% sure I will miss connection.
we provide in #boston, but this will be our first #fundraiser concert to raise $ for more #freeconcerts and to become a
what beats?
They would be love turds though....:)
Going swimming at the y :))
harmony singing, IPA, grillin out, new stereo, plate reverb, twinkle lights kinda day. still giddy from the sh*tty barn on top of it all.
it's worth it! To start over, live on your own, meet new people and not be so crowded like Miami. It's pretty great.
Are you fishing for compliments? Or not willing to buy a razor?
what are you gonna be doing?! :D
Hey, I just met you, and this is crazy, but here's my number, Call Me Maybe ;)
Fugazi's Ian MacKaye is on talking music, his online archive and D.C. music scene wamu.fm/zrURhD
Well. Turns out my liver is damaged beyond repair. Not sure whether the fact I don't drink makes it better or worse.
i love doritos <3 && pepsi :D
hell yes watching it now. I love Phillip!!
Thanks Erin! I do have a Facebook fan page, but I do not have a #Facebook page for Andrew Gabriel.
we do overnight shipping orders and individually seal cookies so they stay fresh... FYI :)
I want to go lay out by the pool with a nice lemonade & eat some waffles
Thanks for all of your great work!
Damn, , knocked the vid cam over while doing my signature Flying Caterpillar. Was legendary.
i have to get off twitter for a little bit.. i cant stand looking at all these sad tweets, im already bawling my eyes out .. #emotionalday .
I know. Hate to see the home team go down. Time to find my Bruins hat. I guess!
PickUpLine: Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
first40songsonshuffle your body is a wonderland- john mayer, everybody talks- , honestly- (34-36)
no, it's not. and it really really SUCKS. I'm sorry.
the travel and the travel
my twitter account needs a make over.
ITS ALMOST SUMMMERRRRRRRRR! That means almost time for new music from :D
The biggest star in the room is Sorry George Clooney.
RT : “The light at the end of the tunnel is not an illusion. The tunnel is.” ~Unknown
Wrapping up the week, like we wrap up a perm.
Tip: Call the hotel you want to stay at directly for the best deals and upgrades :) Comfort Inn Vancouver 360.696.0411
Hi Terry, Welcome
I spent 10 minutes rowing a rowing machine. 122 calories burned.
an editor glanced over the first few chapters for me. She said she found some funny comma placement and some extra spaces
I was screaming. It sounded like I was getting killed
It's time to go back to bed : /
Sweetie, if you can't walk in them... don't wear babe.
you are free to believe whatever nonsense you choose too
80 degrees tomorrow!
:-) RT : That time of day again,where I swallow hard and say Go Niners!
Left over Nacho Mama's for dinner.
awesome thnx for tweeting link to video containing your white falcon - proud because I also directed/filmed the video
“: Before YOLO, did you guys think you lived twice?” Lmao. I seriously hate when people use this word
Most effective form of birth control? Tell a woman she has to fuck Rush Limbaugh.
you said you have a crush...
worst franchise in sports! Besides the royals of course
Liking the Skrillex playing at the Allstate Arena
Follow please?!
KISS & Motley Crue, KISS & Motley Crue, KISS & Motley Crue.... that's pretty much all thats running through my head.
I am thinking about getting a Ford Flex Limited AWD for a new car!
GENUINE KEN SHOWS AIRS JAN 18th! CHECK OUT THE SITE LAUNCH - GENUINEKEN.COM
Thank you so much for the RTs. Have a wonderful weekend.
6 MF am and now y'all wanna play parent n say 12?
GameStop or Best Buy Gift Cards up for grabs when you get up to 20 friends on Playd!! Limited Time Only!! Follow and get the app!!
This kinda love dnt come easy!
why does it say "forbidden" when I try to follow you?
Very cool! RT : Yes, we are getting the Harry Potter ebooks! And you can already get on the waitlist.
Happy Tuesday to all
Why was Rose in up by 12 with 1:10 left?
Guru Guidance tonite! For the potential mentees out there my specialties are InDesign, networking, and starting your own business. Pick me!
that makes sense. you were a senior or something
“You have to look at yourself objectively... Face your handicaps, don’t try to hide them. Instead, develop something else.” Audrey Hepburn
“Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep.”
looking forward to that, see you there :)
oh no no no--- I gave those up years ago. :) Apparently all my friends LA were born this week.
Don't know what to wear
Ivan Vladislavic's The Loss Library has a piece on the excitement/boredom of writing constraint pieces. Which is me all over.
Alone in art class:(
I'm outraged at what the price is gonna be for the new map pack on MW2. did they not make enough money selling the game. COME ON MAN!!!!
I DID CHECK YORZ :))
I wish I could come to the show tonight but unfortunately it's like 4 hours away :(
Velocity around Ruby jobs is high and increasing, another reason to use it.
I'm sleepy.
lol he won't will a ring so Idc
On the road again... See you soon #Furman! :)
get over her please </3 I want you in my life you and only you <3
Thanks for the tip, Ruth. I'd like to see some western Emotobooks? Are you into that movement?
every night is ladies night at mad mex.
we taking the 1126 train into the city
He seems like a great pick too. Season tkt holder in our family since season 1, went to SB in Miami when we won too. Good Choice
The report finds that despite the emphasis by President Barack Obama's administration on reforming the civil detention system
Important read. RT Who Really Owns the #Komen Brand? bit.ly/yWBLWu by
#Thansk Jackson! I was thinking of you this weekend. At the event I used that card app you shared with me. How are you doing?
I love the matchups next week! Both games feature great defenses against high powered offenses. Can't wait!
Getting ready for tomorrow, thinking about group facilitation for
I see u r a very hard-working girl :) I'm sure u're going to be a great business woman :)
sii *.* que rico
Gizmodo&#39;s Happy Hour Party Was a Deadly Fun Night of Drinking ...
#WaysToMakeAGirlSmile , remind her how beautiful she is.
suck it up for 2 more hours!
RT Calling all #ABQ fans! Get a piece of memorabilia from the show today & help #ABQ homeless!
¤ No matter how old you are theres always something good to look forward to. Lynn Johnston
Just getting started with a 1-week rendezvous w grandkids. Then we head off on our own.
There is gonna' be one. And YES! :D Yes we are!
thanks for helping me spread the word! you rock!
of course!
Today I have a great day with shopping 4 the weekend I'm so excited I CAN'T wait for the weekendto B here <U+BD80><U+CC98><U+B2D8><U+C774> <U+B0A0> <U+CD95><U+BCF5><U+D558><U+C2ED><U+C2DC><U+C624>
I fucked Thomas Miceli becuss i love him um...
Good morning people,let's do something positive today
have you got #burreled yet? Nah you wouldn't know what the means. Once you go Pat you don't go back.
thats what I need to do
Noprob. How did ur paint project work out.
let me just say, Bruno Mars killed it tonight.
Ian Eastwood, LET ME LOVE YOU!!!!
#Cowboys Tony Romo is getting
Jason Wu for Target is getting so much media attention I'm starting to fear for Target employees on Feb.5...it's gonna be a Missoni x 2
Random memory. Had ppl ready to fight over my ribs
Derby time!
What!! You dont like the Josh Cribbs bubble screen?
Thanks for the follow.
Finals stage design finished for Velocity 2011 is gonna love this look!! Love being around Church Planters.....awesome folk!
no prompt, it can be anything thing we want.
Aw, you didn't have to <U+2665> RT ": I love kaitlyn she's so perfect :("
haven't decided yet -I think it's a great idea, but I'm about neck deep in my current WIP & I'd like to finish it b4 starting new
11/9/2010 A Workplace Fantasy Come True CBS Boston (WBZ News TV segment)
lmao this is true
Happy Spring #Boston! Tired of renting? Let us help you find your new home or condo!
I see You Joseph:)
MCA.....so much more than the music and the Music was fucking AWESOME.
Getting ready for our women's coalition precinct walk this morning in University City. #womenmakingthedifference. Join us!
Do you want to see my awkward self in a dress?! Should I wear one on Saturday? :P
i wanna be a zombie! :)
Please email me your contact info :
It's not too late! Give the gift of fun this season & help someone make a memory-Carnival Cruise Gift Certificates on Sale! 800-803-7245!
We're so glad you're here!
Come see us September, 23rd THIS Friday in Malibu! At The Malibu Inn. Get Tix from us!!
Fiber is the intestinal toxin sweeper. Aim for 25 grams/day for women and 38 grams for men. Think veggies, beans, fruits, berries!
haha they were all just so fine!
why are you wearing a Brent Fullwood jersey?
RT : It's always great to see #Cliffmas in person. #Phillies //> On my way! ...this could get interesting. Haha!!
I think it was new last summer!!! And I've been obsessed ever since :)
Happy birthday, Jason! (and happy pesach)
Is it 5 yet
This man has on acryllic nails...why?
bookstore layout by subjects, I'll email u a link later
sry I fell asleep :'D yeah everythings pretty good! :)
RT : Read Free Chapters of The Gods Among Us Series.
Hey... The Brewers are at it again today!!! Lets beat those red birds.
Always LOVE watching #SharkTank, sad I missed it tonight. Thank goodness for the internet :)
We have a 10 day free pass just for mentioning this tweet!! See you in a bit!
I'll try to check it out.
Taking my sophisticated mama to see Cool and the Gang and Van Halen. Might as well
[USAID's] Shah decision to take manner as any other enterprise and apply it to dev. Describes foreign aid, health, famine programs in...
:) I look forward to hearing your ideas!
-___- chill I def can cook my driving might be a little bad but you can't crack on my cooking ^_^
Tell to bugger off.
ok cool
It's my birthday! Started w/ job fair & moving. Good I'm not sick anymore. Maybe normal dinner out with fam tonight?
"shut your ass!"
Alabama Ain't Got Shit And My Og Trying Go Next Week Mfs Gone Bored Af!!
#Wildwood can't come soon enough...only if it's fun though!
The pom squad bows came out so well!
Crosby Elementary in Forney reportedly hit by tornado.
How do Chinese people get their names? By dropping silver wear down the steps! "Ching Chang"
Please tweet me<3 i love you ariana <33333333333
I just don't know, I really don't. All I can say is thank god I only have two weeks of school left.
Thanks! :) how was enviro and psych?!
They have panty-dispensing vending machines??
"HUG ME BROTHA!"
Help spread the word about ! Today is #ff. If you RT we'd be grateful!
Thanks! RT : & thanks for having us - delicious
Eating dog is an Indonesian tradition. Strapping a dog on your car for 12 hours while it's ill is not an American tradition.
Do any of you role-play? If so: who?
Oceania Cruises European Dreams-be the 1st on Riviera-2 for 1 cruise fares & free airfare on select sailings! Call our experts 800-803-7245
G4 is playing ALL BOND, all weekend. Can''t every watch these movies too many times! Fun way to spend a rainy Sunday.
What is PBR anyways a sandwich??
Don't fuck witth mty best friend. Especially if your mmy cousin.
That awkward moment when you were the 1st supporter of an ICON dancer, than they forgot about you because now they "have their own fanbase."
Carrying umbrella 2day. Do not need it. Raindrops r small as Evian face refreshing mist.
faith is daring the soul, so go beyond what the eyes can see.
did he at least offer to buy u another popcorn? he already missed the opening, what's another 3 minutes?
Anyways, goodnight all.
: The revolution will destroy the upper class and their needy attachments to power and luxury. Shared via TweetCaster
Yes. I'm aware the site is down temporarily.See retweet from my hosting service. >:( (I don't think there's an emoticon for helluv mad.)
Merry Christmas Eve!! Blessed beyond belief Alex Ryan and and Evie in my life.The best gifts ever!
Way to go Octavia!
I'm loving this..... just chillin!!
HAHA but really Susan is a saint #shush RT I don't know who's a worse driver Danica Patrick, or mom
I don't make mistakes. I'll just pop in and crack some wise.
#CONFUSED: Sagging and Skinny jeans! Amazing how this will go down in pop culture history!
I was just thinking the same thing!! Makes me wanna switch careers!
talk to us
#WHSummit. Good conversation on women's health disparities. Getting ready for ending hunger dialogue. Washington room down front.
Last day of spring break ):
Yes, lovely and talented Josue Evilla!
Aggie's Bakery!!! They did my wedding cake :) thanks!
My ear buds are broken. Walking around campus in silence :(
A very small degree of love is sufficient to cause the birth of hope - 2nd try!! Oops on the first. FAIL!!
This morning it looks like Twitter... I mean Tumblr... I mean Pinterest is experiencing major technological growing pains.
Just fine moma E. How is your day?
HEY FAM FOLLOW>>> AND TWO OF MY FAVS...
The Yum jumbotron needs the red turned down... Murray's yellw numbers look orange
No #WiFi in macy this morning at I love the
I just saw tweet that it was three years in a row. Will RT. My faulty memory only goes back 2 years.
That's great! Our Better Block will be pedestrian, bike & dog friendly, perfect for your organization :)
I can feel them crawling under my skin!
That tangerine juice was quite pulpy, but what really put it over the top was the champagne.
Stalley Talks 'Self Made Vol. 2' Studio Sessions, Rick Ross' Formula & Being a SBTRKT Fan
haha that was an awesome video!! <3 :)
Men talk about their attraction to women with thick, long, brilliant locks
whatever, you just payed me a compliment!!!
nice :D I took a art class over the summer last year =P
we will post contest details later tonight on how to win the autograph
So sorry to hear that. May you take comfort in knowing an angel is watching over you.
A big ass bacon cheeseburger from Wendy's sounds soo clutch right now.. i am in desperate need of food to cure my hangover
That sounds like a plan. Please, tell me more...where I need to be and when. Feel free to drop me an email:
Just had the worst sales experience of my life with Hopefully there's another internet provider in c'ville so I can avoid comcast
“: : Jordan Heels.”| but never a jordan heel
Omfg my dog jumped out of the window!!!
Bike rides to
Thanks for all the follows. We're happy to join the Twitter fun. We hope to contribute the same, plus great coffee and community.
control, AND Coach K's home church ... they did let me teach world religions in 6th grade CCD later, though.
Preseason and regular season are two very different things. Luke will need to be physically and mentally tough.
What’s your favorite workout craze?
Sheepshead Bay theater in Brooklyn, NYC should be called Stinky Bay Theater.
My show starts n an hour. Wish me luck tweeters. N e 1 n indy area. Its at 71st n keystone. Out east. $12 admission
Go Daddy, setting back the women's movement by decades.
Today in Literary History: On April 19, 1824 Lord Byron (poet who wrote "Don Juan" and "She Walks in Beauty") died in Greece.
Do u think the cell phone has taken over where the cigarette addiction was?
I realize that this here sentence about realizations is false, and does not refer to itself.
If you can, watch it in Japanese with the subtitles. It's better that way IMO.
So awesome to listen To people plan their vacations while at work.
Niggas is always gonna talkwhether im doing bad or good so i figure mines well just live life and only answer to god in the end
JJ Von Briesen's first record in production over the past few days. This one is definitely going to be hot.
lol whatever punk
You'll be just fine :p maybe your knees and feet feels lighter now so it threw you out of balance. lol
you would think they'd pay to turn the lights off for earthday...
You were in HI & now headed down to FL. If you'll be around Jax let me know. My daughters will keep the aloha going for you all
your so beautiful! follow me? x
Really? just revealed it was a 31-0 vote with only the Oakland Raiders voting against the resolution to settle litigation.
ok, i ill don't get how this damned thing works.
Who got a studio
I'm at the executive lounge and im feeling the love they shoutn royal ink all over this bitch!!!
Did U know Linkedin Terms of Use state U give up all rights (assign) 2 any content you contribute 2 LinkedIn. How do U define contribute?
Technology is changing learning at warp speed. Info lit needs are more impt than ever...an erosion of pedagogical authority.
Ready to fail chem!!
with the sale of the Jaguars coming soon, is there any talk new owner is considering LA move with new stadium coming soon?
Thanks for the #ff!
Good Night My Fellow Duganites!
finished!! too bad I should have worried more about my history one...Emile wasn't there to help me and it showed :/
Where is the line drawn between civilized protest and "barbaric" behavior in an attempt to voice concerns?
Yea, going to chip away at over the next week. It covers the context for the first half of my diss. Looks to be a big help.
Yay! is on twitter!
Learning "how to fascinate" from #sallyhogshead at #roi2012 in Clearwater..
Is any one taking chm1033 in the summer ?
I did put the Flyers as one of my 5 favorites to win the cup along with the Caps Preds and Blues. Stupid Penguins.
Bo! Cutler needs to learn a lesson.
you don't know a thing about me. #MrKnowIt All
Some people with raw talent are sadly never given the chance 2 shine. Maybe it's cause they neva fought hard enough 2 get into the spotlight
Thank god its almost time yayay bout get on facebook with the group an HAPPY MONDAY TEEN WOLF LOVERS ~LOVE . BE AFRAID.~
all the talk from NFLPA during lockout about being a tight-knit group, but support injuring each other?
--- Biggest disappointment ever
you too Teresa! Thanks for connecting. I'm looking forward to staying in touch with you!
Consigned Butler to 2 weeks indentured servitude. If you don't have a band, form one now so he can write ab it
Happy New Year, and good luck to those beginning seminars this week in #jhuDC #jhuNY #jhuBerlin! What a great way to start 2012!
let's just say I tossed back a couple too many coldies.
Learn From the Past; Live in the Present; Hope for the Future
it's definitely better than Lolla. I'm more likely to go to this.
Thought for the day. Fast cup of coffee w/a cold poptart giggling as you pack rat into your car w/a loved one getting last minute gifts
PTP Thursdays last night was a success!
RT : What if because of faith, courage, persistence & the hope you have shown, your constantly nourished dreams begin to grow?
Totally dug GE guys. It was genuinely creepy and it's difficult to freak me out. Stuck with me for a while. I'm very impressed!
Oh, yours was the easiest one to take. I didn't even realize that wasn't you for a few minutes.
#sfopen welcome to sf chris vein! Who would have envisioned this?
The Fakers are handling the Nuggets.
Happy Friday everyone! Don't forget about build day tomorrow! Meet in the UC at 7:15 am. See you there!
loved the segment this morning on the Today Show
Patriots Draft Former Rugby Star Ohio State Special Teamer Nate- rugby
If picks me to win SB tickets, I will tweet her incessantly about her opinions on everything, no matter how irrelevant it is.
Thanks again to for hosting today's #LeanStartup Workshop! We'll have to do another one soon! :)
Give <U+2192> punte so he can shhhhhhh already. Plz and thank you :)
I just hope that you miss me a little when im gone.
Can I get window seat??
okay I don't understand why she would want him back. Does she know he cheats on girls
2 week countdown peeps till Jenolo release ...#exciting stuff keep that #wordofmouth coming
Happy Freedom Day, especially all who are in the struggle for equal rights! S.F Juneteeth Parade at 11am...
put in millikan, youll be happier
911 I'd like to report a stolen tweet! RT I *never* use the shift key on the right side of the keyboard.
Whatever it is.....make it happen
Likewise. Today is one of those days that mirrors the movie Groundhog day!!!
Finally embedded twitter again on my website. Most of the changes/upgrades are done. I suppose I should remove the "Under Construction" note
i'm definitely going to wake up tomorrow morning feeling like complete crap. i'm definitely getting sick... :\
bit exhausted, but the movie was awesome and my date was cute ;)
The moment Christianity becomes controversial is the moment it actually becomes Christianity!
</3 Can I Please get A Hello Gorgeous? or I Love You Brianna?(: Please Make my Dream Come True! I Love You So Much :/
It's my birthday, and I'll dress up if I want to. And I did. Yes, that's right people, for once I am not working in my PJs. :)
I think outside the box why ya'll are locked inside it
A friend that I had we was both widows and we would go to alot of Ky games home and away when Norma died
Ready for this fight!!!!
2 get singing to u all, how does 1 get signed these days A & R has gone! Someone I pray will C that I've got what it takes to get deal again
This storm better not be bad because I am not going to evacuate.
RT or, our lives were more woven together than all the homemade scarves at the 930 // touché!
#phdchat: Another Fulbright tip- cast the net really wide on affiliations & don't be afraid to even pick up 2 or 3.
go on and close the curtains. cause all we need is candlelight. you and me and a bottle of wine
true. But he received a lot of Boos from the IU faithful.
check your respective emails. I received a response from our editor in chief re: non-OA. cc:
ew fall of a cliff
lol work keeps me busy.
can u follow me pls Joe it would mean alot<U+E022>
I need you to follow my new account It's a personal account, so get at me!
Loving how new track 6in heels turned out with the big homie ! Follow him dope rapper from up top! Let's get it!
seeing an old couple and thinking about him. asdfghjkl; my life<<<
Follow some of the members of vocal rush, and our director! !!! Go go go
I've sat in that same seat many times!
Gang of Four.
Going from #OpenWrt back to #SlugOS/BE for embedded server experiments.
pretty awesome, yours?
As a twig is bent the tree inclines.s
I'll need a big hat too to cover my big nose!
what if it's your favorite song ever?
I love that movie
and I are like Al Bundy and just live remembering our past glories in the gross out games.
I always thought, "minus well," was a joke until I someone in my family texted it to me. I have stupid people in my family.
": It's really inconvenient that I don't have a car." In my case, liscense/car.....
well we can get to know each other in pretty sure your colleagues don't know much about me
Woah - cool! How did you do that?!
The magic hour is here. Hurry and go get your shopping done. bit.ly/6hGqKx
I'll see what I can do... Definitley get that cough checked out.
For your DM: you're super pretty, idk you but that should change! You seem nice!
Thanks for the bday wishes everyone
haha. omg you would
Charlie called him a troll. Ahahaha
Going to sleep the day away
Designs by DeYoung has returned from Nashville's 2012 Antique and Garden Show. This years theme COLLECTIVE COLOR!
RT Consider it done! Thanks for the RT Maybe tell your campers about the free Peterson Feeder Birds :)
Be safe in the rain, San Diego. Call us to help solve your legal issues - 619.338.9500
Typed in *www.* Before the website name, then while loading it took it away ... Sorry Im old fashioned... :/
Music Peeps step yo game up w/
Way to kick Monday's ass! Meanwhile, I can't get off the couch to start baking a dessert for tomorrow.
So cold outside - can you imagine sleeping on the streets? Please help us raise funds for centrepoint and help homeless young people.
take me with u!
I'm getting really excited about Gordo. Truly.
The LIRR has been restore.
maca smoothies with banana, almond milk, and raw almond butter are the best!
great name but no idea if the wine is any good!
I can't criticize any dancer 'cause I can't do it!
its not. i checked just before the game. have to watch on laptop. i wonder how long it will be down
Whoa let's get this grammar correct lol . “: lol its bout I promise. my middle babe stats with an E.”
First Day of Summer A. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0092>
Looking forward to seeing this weekend! Come on out and stop by their booth and see a demo!
Gozer was very big in Sumeria.
What did you see w.r.t. our issue?
thanks man!!! How the married life?
Love when I just completely pass out in a tanning bed.
Sorry for being bad at texting. I'm going to be obsessed with working out for 2 weeks. Probably won't bother texting back then..
Since when did screaming become singing?
We’re focused on delivering a high-quality, hand-crafted Vodka that showcases SD as America's Finest City.
who is lorraine, does she have chickens? what about the road? help me !!!
your momma'a got a hot dog neck tie!
Take me home!
An Untoward reading during AWP? Yup. It'll happen. Details are forthcoming.
If you have a NASCAR site we do exchange links send me a dm
where are the really colorful clothes in your vids from?
can i just quit school and go to concerts for the rest of my life please and thank you
snuggles with the bf then cinema :)
A gorgeous Wednesday morning in the Burgh
Merry Christmas Justin, hope you have a good time with your family. Tell them all I said hi :)
you should! I'm pretty sure this is the most A's fans I've seen in San Diego!
Does your mom know about your hoe-ish ways? DOES SHE SLUT?!
I got the fake Facebook offer as well. Does Gucci even have a show in May in Houston at Warehouse Live? Lemme know, I'd like 2 go
WILL YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME IT WOULD MEAN SO MUCH I LOVE YOU!
I've found who my true friends are in the past months, thanks for being there
Need album cover, flyers, business cards etc...?? Get at me
Why we argue anyway? Oh I forgot.. It's summer time!
Andy Roddick! Won only one major and nothing much since.
Well, I probably won't. It's been over 30 years with none. But then I may change my mind. Lots of ppl regret their tattoos.
follow me back
Thank you, sir.
Love this, thank you!
International Triathlon olympic qualifying men's elite race starts at 2:30 in Mission Beach.. Disappointed I'm missing it
VIPs are coming in for tonight's card
escuse me! do think my love for sale? Something toy around with? hmm maybe. if U want seksi date in OR, please tell where & why.
French teacher going hard body on me wtf just cause im talking I get a 45? Ok lesbian looking dwarf im gonna shit bricks on you.
Pros and Cons: A Fantasy Football Movie premieres May 17th at the Angelika Film Center, Mockingbird Station, Dallas, Tx NATHAN CASTANEDA
My mood was five untill tonight ducking ppl and their comments and actions I wish I could just disappear
ok bet
yes please
Recent stock purchases on WeSeed posted to Twitter: Archer Daniels Midland, New York Times, Starbucks and Google. What's in your portfolio?
A Cloud-Computing Gem in the Making
#ThingsMyBestfriendDo Makes me feel like I'm actually needed here.
I get excited about things from time to time. Thanks for sticking with me.
0273100581 is my tigo no, call me
I don't want this night to be over. but I want this song to be
Nice TA! ... straight out of #SuperCorp cc:
this is true! oh and , can you both check your messages so I can write my paper!!!
WKU may be down nearly 30 but their band is still chanting like It's one point game
#rosebowl Lets go Badgers!
Who needs church when you got big KRIT preachin!
Open-data a noble goal and more needs to be done but too many insane laws that prevent real progress.
RT : ESPN Central TX asked what ppl should not miss while in #Indy. So much to choose from, but & have to be...
#Indians Offensive and defense have been phenomenal today! Glad I was off work to be able to watch it.
This weekend is looking nice. #80's
#ff Fun people who follow the right baseball team:
hate living in the UK , you too far away ): , pleasee follow me <3 ! 2
We now enter the most boring week of talk radio...
Twitter is lame right now . :/
Damn he wore my body ou last night...
some might say that the journey is the destination. I hope they're right about that.
Seeing The Way Justin moved when preforming Boyfriend on The Voice was the best moment of my life. -Fangirling-
DT is dropping tweets- The last one referred to an unsolicited email sent by a customer recommending us to for an award. ;)
Getting ready for 10pm volleyball game...it's late, half the team can't make it and it's raining...should be fun
omg Austin in so sorry, I'm crying, I can't believe this....there is no words to explain how sad&sorry I am 4u
Ok good, when you get it I will send it out too.
drink er smoke haha
Health Insurance of Florida, Inc. is a full service brokerage firm, utilizing several major National and local Insurance providers to assist
Dylan's back!
I have decided to quit making music. That's it...I'm done.
There are rules to tweeting?! Apparently I shouldn't post a status update every second? What the hell am I on this for?
I'm one of Ray Drecker's newest clients on "Hung", HBO series. Ray Drecker is played by Thomas Jane.
Moving in 4 days. There's only one thing that makes me smile more than that. :)
considering they are in second in the east now and 8-1-1 in the last 10--I say it will be a good day tomorrow
Im suppose to be cleaning my room , but i keep getting distracted by the computer
Help me spread the word ;)
Miriam Makeba in the morning takes the edge off.
May life throw you a pleasant curve. - Play Alganon
Goin to `s house!
so am not the only one who thinks this lol
Tiger in 30th place at Sawgrass. The SportsCenter highlight package would make you believe he is in first
Thank you JP Cummins and Janney Montgomery Scott for sponsoring our program this morning.
yes - and child labor laws caused great depression. Think it's time for a "shit only candidates say with a straight face" meme
thanks so much for the #FF! Appreciated. Have a great weekend~~
Lakers fans should know its never an easy route. I was on edge all this week. lmao
so youre saying youre in? We'll see you at the pasture in a little over an hour.
Love the new site... sleek and clean. Keep bringing us that good stuff! :)
So ready to go to bed; can't find my alarm clock.
. Ah! Thanks for the tip. Messed up way to make a living. Will ignore them in future.
Thank you to all my fans in the Green Bay area, you are all so kind. I had a great time!
Say hi to them from me. ;)
thanks for follwoing
OK i love Princeton and i i will always love you (whitney Houston)
July 3rd seems too far away right now.
Fingers tired from typing, eyes tired of looking at a computer screen.
hey watch u guys every morning! Thx for following and see u in soon:-)
For sure. With the Horseman as well.
ask James or go tomorrow
Can't wait 4 "The Hunger Games" looks fantastic! How have u been? Mom came home 3/7 & we r back 2 normal.
Save the date: Sony's live E3 press conference is Monday, June 4th at 6PM PST.
let me have them! :-)
when are they gonna be on?
Just had the most high maintenance order at Frothy Monkey. It's becoming obvious that I'm from California. Decaf, soy, side of tofu... Wow.
I cant get this off my mind!!
Okay! I'll admit it .. I've been cheating on my diet 4 a few weeks now. Time 2 step my game up and go xtra hard!
Thanks, ! No Chex Mix tonight, but I've got a fantastic fried brussels sprouts and salmon pizza, inspired by
Do you fill last years souvenir glass?
We do too!
. thank you, dawg.
it is snowing like crazy in Fells Point. We are so snucked!
I can tell you right now Lebron will not get it. So just cheer for CP3 with me!
where is my follow Stephanie?
Bill, will Rockets move K. Martin in the right deal prior to the TDL? Seems like the 2 sides have lost interest...
first best thing is vitamin 'D' right? ;) lol
I just want 1 bad ass chick so I can spoil her for a lifetime...
thanks so much; recipe looks phenomenal! will try asap. am in the bay area right now-maybe will see you @ Ferry Building! :)
Happy birthday!!! #WeAreUK RT : Thanks for all the birthday wishes.
RT : Enter to win a YEAR SUPPLY of Perrys today at the newly remodeled #7-Eleven in #Lancaster (Broadway & Bowen). Stop by!
thanks for accepting my aggressive friendship command almost 3 years ago.
"BRANDED" Too Much Trouble .. Being released this August
i hate having the hiccups. when i have them they're always very violent and painful... #whatswrongwithme?
That they are at the White Marsh Mall RT : So many fashion faux pas in #WhiteMarshMall today #WhatArePeopleThinking ?
you've had a busy day?!
So who is going #onedaywothoutshoes tomorrow?
i think the bengals should and will draft mark barron with the release of crocker
#AfricanYoloMoment Eating Mud Pies When U Get Hungry
"The main reason people rain on your parade is because they have no parade of their own."
It's Friday! I'm so happy! Finally tomorrow I get to sleep in.
You're just like Monday, Nobody likes you.
Dumes day two days before my bday... Great
RT : Watch Jon Stewart tomorrow night. I will be the guest talking about The End of Illness!
Thinking about changing our band name to Queefer Sutherland. Your thoughts?
Fashion Week is upon us! Florals and sporty material/styles seem to be the thing....so many things to see, so little time! Woo hoo!!!
what kind of rock do you like?
got my new phone!!!
Spent the day looking at P.E.N. Intl's anti-censorship documents and the evening hearing Coetzee speak on S. African censorship. I <U+2665> my job.
My first period teacher does not like me at all, but I think it's funny cause I don't go to school for her to like me, I go for my education
congrats on your first win, in months...
They gonna talk about every app u can think about from games to entertainment to social networking to music to references to sex apps
i like angeles and pancakes
Omg your icon! *__* dead
now you're just somebody that I used to knwo
Just spoken: "If I could convince you long enough and hard enough, I could give it to you long enough and hard enough, butt..."
It's a beautiful day in Bloomington! We hope everyone is enjoying it!
Jacksonville CSS is looking for a Bookkeeper for a property management firm $13-$14 per hour
Back in the US... jet-lagged but happy!
Very sad news about Whitney Houston, just shows that talent cannot buy happiness. May she RIP.
Thanks for the follow I should buy stock in your company. I spend enough money there, lol. Best yogurt on the planet!
Watching . One of my favorite episodes.
why are my eyes open. they should be closed and my mind should be in my mansion polishing my diamond collection with Ryan Gosling by my side
Mourners remember Pearl officer killed in shootout
Reading some boring book in english...
#funnyasfuck after that outfit sandusky is regreting the wrong group of people-gays wouldnt have told on him
This time next year I will be a college graduate :) let the countdown begin..
hey cell me later so we can do something later on if you are not too busy. sharkey's maybe? we'll talk
Alright Alright Alright Go Bears in my Kevin Hart voice
You're Chicano Park bound!
asks : "Any B2B companies that do an interesting job in personalization?"
So glad to finally have Joe Mantegna and Paget Brewster from Criminal Minds here on the twitter board! Welcome aboard you two!
Making exceptions in hiring practices often come back to haunt you. Remember that your requirements are in place for a reason.
Lucky Haha I hate AZ where I live now but I will be coming to Philly on Friday
I swear I LIVE in Powerpoint any more.
hoping the US doesnt follow suit ....
Had a fun time at with #turandot and hosting #pressyourluck up on the jumbotron! Thanks to all who came out!!
I used to be excited for #college. And then I got here.
You just want to go to Australia....start lobbying now
Keep Desperate people out your circle.Those are the ones praying on your Downfall, Just so they can come up.
ok Mitch is up now. Let's see where this goes...
tomorrow i sit on a boat.
There should be a "This is boring" chant
Today is gonna be so much fun! :) excited to spend it with some of my favorites
Less Watkins frm Music Reports at #NARM2012 said: There r a lot of dead bodies at the majors. U point out problems and u get fired.
“We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.” - Joseph Campbell
I just filled up my gas tank and went to a movie and bought a large soda and popcorn; I spent roughly 7000 dollars.
Tomorrow's the Caring Heart Poker Run, get your poker face ready and have a great time while helping out our food basket program.
you hate the office? its so funny this season.
lol ok:) I got you! first thing saturday when I go shopping in the city im there lol
try some Rogue Maierfest.
We'll be glad to see you anytime! Thanks for the nice words.
Those of you voting in NC today MAKE SURE AMENDMENT 1 IS ON YOUR BALLOT There are reports of voters not getting proper ballots
Hi, We're just getting started!
mine is just capturing yours and mine right now!
Goodnight USA.. Good morning china lol(:
Photoshop- The new Crest Whitening Strips
Tweet the Silence! Pass it on.
im not...I try to keep up with everything but my views are all over. I can always find better conversation.
I Did Try Callinn
Buying phone covers is always a good time.
The two men (Gomez & Galvez) arrested in the Jordan Hickey murder will be arraigned today in Chula Vista. Dept. 12 at 1:30.
Im about to lose my shit if I see or hear the old navy commercial
DUMBASS, DESPERATE, LUNATIC-LEFTY CNN wastes 5 MINUTES !!! on stupid story about Romney ( 45 years ago )
I'm a loser. Im in a bunch of activities, im in: power of the pen, art club, student council, dance & more. :l who else is in clubs & etc. ?
yes it is hall pass lol you know the jacuzzi part. My mouth fell wide open like wtf.
Interesting how i cant get permits to play bocce, but people can camp out for months on public property..
Much love to for another GREAT #Pop-N-LockBeatMix!!!!! Don't forget to catch the #BootyBounce on Friday morning!
Do individual tickets go on sale at midnight tomorrow night?
thanks for the follow jason
Yep, if he's healthy Memphis has no answer.
is spinning LIVE in 2 minutes on www.radio4by4.com and www.danceradio.ca , DESTINATIONS w/ Kristian from Miami Beach....tune in!
Back in NY from what seems to be my 1000th trip to California.. Seats shrinking! Have to figure a way to go unconscious for six hours.
Tell me why morning radio sucks.
Funny thing about the 1st Amendment is we can voice our opinion, you don't have to like it, just respect each other's rights
Just heard Laura Bush at UNLV, amazing person & charming speaker
Aw, that's wonderful Rodney
I cant wait for tomorrow :)))))))) ive never been so excited to get older
Etsy changed the layout in our "sold orders" section, again! And now I feel like I'm staring at the page "Cross-eyed." LOL
Special thanks to ** ** for hosting the portfolio review on Saturday!
that's just the minimum if I'm gonna do it I'm gon do it right
Wow. RIP "All My Children" and "One Life to Live." I've learned so much and made so many friends working on both shows. Will miss :(
I'm on a editing deadline. Would be helpful if I knew how to edit.
Topic selection at
That was weird. Better early in the season than later, though.
I ask for food and your sitting there drinking saying in awhile ill take you. What's new.
Please let me win this lottery I will have no more complaints ever.
Hey, do you guys have any fundraising ideas?
Looks like are preparing for the 4th of July- fireworks going on now! We have the best view!!
#Adele's Grammy awards: Record and Song of the year & best pop solo performance & best pop vocal album. Congratulations to a GREAT ARTIST!
- I believe the password is libraries11
There was a reason I didn't pick Mizzou in my pool made up mostly of MU alumns. Half the brackets are already busted.
Taking today's scheduled REST seriously. Massage, nap, pizza & beer.
thanks for good news
Happy Monday to our newest fashionista followers
the word you are looking for is auchgezeichnet
What's happening?
Nature goes her own way and all that to us seems an exception is really according to order. -Johann Wolfgang Goethe
RETWEET if you love
Elliott - Blue Storm
So what's the COOLEST guitar strap you have ever seen someone wearing? Tell us what you loved about it.
hey hill, you rock!! john
,I guess Peterson was able to beat Khan cuz of steriods right.
Let's get this party started.
about Rudy's...so depressing. I'm sad and glad at the same time that I'm not there to see the bitter end.
15hrs + 1 night stranded. RT : Who set the record for longest drive home from Vegas this weekend?? RT w ur time. Winner get ...
Dyme Def- Let It Be... YouTube it if you'd like.
Will Vikings go for LSU d-back?...hm
Thanks so much!
how's the family???
Smart shoppers choose Valu-Pass because it offers you tremendous savings on a wide range of shopping, dining and entertainment options.
my phone magically stopped working yesterday, dm or email me to get a hold, it kinda feels like the stone age
More things should be translated into Gallifreyan.
Totally just saw coworkers at the local bar smokin cigarettes. Oh
thanks for the recommendation, I like it.
Oops. Are we meant to?
One of the nicest things about life- the way we must regularly stop whatever it is we are doing and devote our attention to eating-Pavarotti
Find your peace and your joy today. Claim it and never let it go.
Its easy to spot a man from a boy. Things that boys say, men would neva let it touch their lips.
Walking sucks
A lot of purple in the stands. am I at a husky game
Just spoke about the need to focus on regional data and best practices at the Chesterfield planning commission!
what's his twitter?!
tuff tiff u a succa man lol
Yup! That's the one!
I love your imagines can you do more??:)
U gonna miss me when I'm gone
the website is really cool...saved it in my bookmarks!!!
Okay rumor says Slim dunkin was killed over a piece of Candy Please say it isn't TRUe
NYU and Emory: great models DH project intake: tiers of services (NYU) & # of projects + great feasibility assess. struct. (Emory)
by the way, I want my wedding gift back
Oh, sweet Geezer. I can't believe it's been 6 months since we had to say goodbye. Mommy misses you every day. You are not forgotten.
I'm already freaking out over two games. I can't imagine another 14 like this. At this rate we could draft Luck
you coming back to launch up some half court shots post game tonight?
all of over the city. Most likely places around Upper West Side
Every problem has incubated inside it a Solution. Face that problem to find the Solution and come out with a Testimony.
She's fab, isn't she? Glad you're enjoying it.
...love, cruelty, politics, greed, adventure, purity, competition. Dumas was responsible for many of my favorite flashlight reads.
you are awesome! Much hugs and love. Oh yeah, and happy day old birthday!
"Experts" eat crow RT : What's the biggest storyline from the NFL playoffs the last 2 days you'll be talking about tomorrow?
I'd be whoopin some ass, lil bastards haha parents have no control these days, my parents would whip my ass in the store
Carmelo will wake up from a deep sleep if he hears a bag rustling
Sorry to bother you. I figured it out.
#thankgod for friends don't know what I'd do without them.<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083> RT if u feel the same way
#RelationshipsEndBecause Women are complicated
Hey, I like cats and stuff
I can't believe Austin is moving to Miami now its really impossible to meet him now :(
RT #ThatAwkwardMoment when you press harder on a remote-control when you know the battery is dead.
Do not give Luke a fastball.
But I love black people.
no no no and no. I stay on my side of the river.
I am growing increasingly tired of Tebow. is not helping at all.
Does songwriting get easier or harder as you get older?
'Cause I've got three little words that I've always been dying to tell you <3
I love you:)
Holy cow! Congratulations!! I've always been a fan of your tweets...
How to Get the Most Out of Your Pay Per Click Marketing Campaign
Maybe the last book could be Julio Cortazar's Hopscotch because it has no beginning and no end.
:) i know! i can't choose!
Never change your new twit pic. It's epic!!!
Dude, you can't tweet to pick up women. Also, if spelling 4 and 5 letter words challenges you, you shouldn't breed anyway.
another day in the bit mines. cc
A VERY Happy Wedding Week to you indeed! Congratulations, and thanks for sharing the celebrations w/ us @ Ryleigh's !
dodge city or u hall.
Im down RT pleasure was certainly all mine. You should check out my boy his tracks your lyrics
Peach Croc ! I'm Gone Shots out to my FAM CUZ I SEE YA !
Frances Rivetti's Sonoma Country Life blog talks about Sienna Antiques where my antique space is located! See my next tweet!
CLUB EXOTIC-Every thursday @ Lockland Bar & Grill-713 W Wyoming Ave/Lockland-Ft. Adult Entertainment, Drinks Specials, Full Kitchen $5 cover
Why is it I feel on FB I have to mind my p's & q's, but twitter is like a 24/7 party? And everyone's always drunk!
Yay! The Wisconsin guy made it on American Idol. This might give me a reason to watch this season now. Hmm...
NCIV is looking forward to hosting to get to know our office suite neighbors & partners in #citizendiplomacy!
does the cat have a say in the matter? She's so happy in her electric blanket box home :(
things i am so over: dating. wait, i guess that's only one thing.
Have I mentioned how much I love cover bands and ?
You know what, GREAT POINT! I stand corrected :))
National Ravioli Day! See you soon....
reply my text or I will to unfollow u :P<U+2665>
She On To Me "Runs with Vitamin Water"
Sounds amazing! Cheers!
And I can't sleep
Prelude NYC holds on at number one for favorite festival........
closed already today....soryy guy..but I am hanging wit right now
ohemgee! I think she'll get #guilty unfortunately
Derek elston is in the presence of me #winning dude is scary in person
great for consumption. Production takes a little more thought
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you. A. A. Milne
Personal bootcamp starts tomorrow.
Listening to the Get Up Kids. Feeling 13 again.
I'm at a loss for words.
You get the hair supplies, I'll go get the phone book so we can make prank phone calls.
Eagles couldn't resist best player on their board. Took Curry, a one-trick pony pass rusher.
Yes, it reminds me of my childhood.. best period of my life.. memories, memories :')
Ooh, if these tech problems go on for 8 more minutes, I can get a #cstheday quest!
Keep us posted on the #MenloPark fire #hazmat - we'd love live pictures for our #LiveDesk 5-7AM.
#Salute The Morning Show
Oh when get of then or we can leave her ass don't make me no difference
“Why join the navy if you can be a pirate?” - Steve Jobs
Okay, Glad to hear you're doing well. It was mighty cold outside this AM walking the dogs, but seems 2 b warming up now.
I'm just trying to make Judy, BTL, and TT proud - you know how I roll ;)
Musical word of the day: a bene placito - up to the performer
I were to say I wouldn't let them win I'd say get out of America and find a better country that wouldn't let them win
#3WordsForYou please believe it
Overheard: Are we talking about Ryan Phillipe?
I'll bet the writing is real good too.
ppl asked me what i want for my birthday I said a pink stripe jacket flavored windows these regular windows not tasty lolz
So, the woman who was crying to Romney today was voting Republican because she didn't have a job or health care? WTF?
WTFYS ! This Nigga Worried About Gay Folks Being Able To Get Married & Shit When MFs Out Here Still Need Jobs !
#21CRadio tweet chat starts in 5 minutes!
I'm hurting. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094> arms... Back..legs...everything. Help!!
The big #cincodemayo Festival at Waterfront Park kicks off today!
so do I n thanks
ok watch what i just put up about the lights and then watch
Must resist muffin temptation sitting right behind my desk...
nigga I never be on here anymore! U hot my number right? Why don't ya goofy ass be using it? Lol
Right back at-cha (at you).
Reception hall reserved, save the dates sent, about to book a DJ... this wedding of ours is coming together nicely
but then just this evening he went back to "alot". :( you really should follow him again.
welcome to the team!
Everywhere is within walking distance if you have the time
we won't stop inviting as just by chance it could work and you could chat - hope your #WW is a good one
So my gma was going off and I snuck up on her while her back was turned with <f0><U+009F><U+008C><U+00B9>'s and a card when she turned around I said HAPPY MOTHERS DAY
thanku ;) much love~
yes. Right in the face
Florida hasn't much use for the imagination and leaves little to it.
: Are you asking me on a date? I accept. ;-) Well anywhoo, I went there only one time before, but it was great.
Just say I miss u
Getting a new mouse is like re-learning how to walk after a head injury. So long, 9-year-old #Logitech and clumsy USB receiver cable.
www.shopLuLuBella.com - new items just listed today!!
Invisible children truly has made a difference. thanks to them so many more people know about problems that are going on! show support <3
I'm like 95% sure that Ted said Robin wouldn't end up his wife. Plus, how did they have kids?
Same here. I have the saddest collection of half completed sketches in a moleskin somewhere.
good morning to you as well. Have a great day :)
I'm going to have to go with #JBboyfriend2 - ready to hear some new material!
We can make it happen. Esp if , , , & keep theirs, too.
Got a 89 on intermediate accounting test. Lost 10lbs in the 89 degree classroom.
so nice meeting you yesterday - sorry I had to dash. Look forward to staying in touch and finding a project to work on!
A web client sent me logo for her business made by a 'designer' friend. It looks like a first-grader did it in crayon, badly.
recording this wknd & good time to finish those songs that need finishing! also new balkan gypsy tango band in the works stay tuned::
barely made the cut off! Team f'in hungry racing will take gold!!!! Can't wait for July. Thanks you guys.
Why so quiet on twitter today??? Too busy choking down some crow???
i dont know man but i was kidding on the book thing
Morning altered: 88 year old neighbor called, needed me. Thought she was having stroke. I agreed upon seeing her. She's now at ER.
Epic roach battle. Lots of screams, one corpse. Linda: 1 Roach: 0 Me: Scared shitless.
RT : if Spurs had 60k stadium, they wouldnt cover half seats ----Big clubs get bigger venues. There's a reason Spurs still at WHL.
where can I peep the robotic love collection?
Thanks : I should be able to post the presentation slides next week and an audio recording of the session later in May
When a whole softball team at Yogolicious and strangers tells you that you have an awesome car >>>>
Watching Rangers/Flyers 24/7 too bad they wont meet in the ECF
- Well, it is a relationship if left unchanged or unchallenged will only perpetuate the misery that exists in Haiti.
I was expecting an x-ray of some cracked ribs broken orbital bones. Some Jon Jones, Kane in a LMS match kind of destruction
Thanks for all the Love (likes) only 4 more days to enter my giveaway!!!!
I want sushii!! Who wants to join
#stormcorrosion is strange and beautiful and challenges your perception of melodic music
- - - we most definitely have to hook some things up... p.s. yesterday was an unexpected surprise and pleasure...
so I grew up near Freedom HS, whats a favorite memory from Bethlehem, PA?
Man I am so ready for these Playoffs to start up!!! Let's hear some predictions! Who you think will win, and in how many games?! WHY?
See you next Saturday! Can't wait to hit Brio!
Hi Ari! :* have you seen or read The Hunger Games? If you haven't seen or read them DO IT!!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0097>
the Midwest welcomes you back :-)
Home alone... This sucks... Let's see, what to do... Oh wait, I have alcohol! Ok, Crisis averted. Anyone care to join me? #PartyAtMyPlace?
goddamn I want that sandwich again. Maybe in June.
Just that they be in "good academic standing."
he es mi distant robot cousin ;)
I told you i can rap if i try! Give me that neck, no self serve, family and friends....COME HERE RETRIEVE YOUR NECK!!!!
his face= priceless... <3
miss you too, can't wait till first period. Hopefully you have some stories
this is useless will never read my #imagine -anna
may it be more of the first and less of the second then! :D
I WANT TO PLAY! I'm so bored right now!
If you do not mind your POLITICS you may find that you have no RELIGION which you are left to freely speak about!
Let's go Pens!
....havin that moment 2thank God for another day to play an amazing game, and talking him into helping you play to the fullest of ur ability
AYO to all my loyal followers follow my bro and his girl FOR THE HOTTEST TWETTS!!!!
had no clue that was a first for you. U nailed it like a true rock star! Can't wait to hear more :)
OMG! I just about died! :D i will take a pair in size 10. Ship to Hobart, Indiana 46342.
OMG MY FAVE! Don't show me when I'm home tonight...
Without God, you can do nothing. With God, there is nothing you can’t do.
At school making beats.
Merry Christmas! <3
Lookin for something new to try my hand in (that is profitable). Any ideas?
I need to replace my wireless router. I'm having flashbacks to my old 14.4Kbps modem from the mid-1990s. Nostalgic, but not in a good way.
Amazing how a change in elevation, can change motivation............ Mountain UP
DURAN.... I MISS YOU SO MUCH ;(
Youre more confusing than my algebra 2 homework.
Correia should be in the bullpen and Lincoln should be in the rotation when Bedard gets back.
they are my second team in the east ; I'm only a heat fan if indiana's not in it ! But okc my 2nd fav team overal
Thanks for the follow! What's your interest in sports biz?
yeah, but that's how they put it. otherwise, i'm a grammar nazi! lol
RT - JULIAN EDELMAN of the New England Patriots joins us at 6:30!!
We have been writing music since February of this year and are recording at Black Watch Studios in November and December.
I think some of the team is at my job tonight.
Absolutely. With a single Apache tear.
HEALTHCARE-How many ways are benefits paid or not in health ins?(11) What are they? www.amazon.com (The Profit Trap) Buy your book !!!!!!!!
10 mile bike ride.... holy poop, my legs are #sore!
life is not measured by the numbers of breathes you take but by the moments that take your breath away
You have my vote!
you followed the wrong person.
Finally done with spring break hw. Tomorrow back to school. Ugh !
The Stoned Immaculate Dope AF
Guess what? The average US male will spend 2,965 hours shaving during his lifetime.
4 more hours....
Is there a band call Hall & Simon too?
That sounds like an awesome trip to us!
lol oh yea might have u do that ASAP for me!
3 charasteristics of a crisis: 1. information asymmetry 2. decisive change 3. highly undesirable outcome
I need to stop being sick. is not going to want to meet me tomorrow if I'm all sick and gross.
I'm staring at you
“: Just popped a bottle of champagne.. if only there was a snow owl for me to hit with the cork #NameTheMovie”Easy.DumbandDumber
Listening to Alan November at #iste11 - What do our students need to learn more than anything? - Global empathy.
Words of #wisdom at a family gathering, "stay single." (Me to my 85 year old grandfather)
Eating at an empty Taco Bell on Mothers Day and they're playing classical music over the speakers. This is weird.
right now this is a two week test, I do hope it stays around.
My STL family is here...let the party begin!!!
Netflix, you have failed me for the last time.
Good morning Twitter World! Hope you have an amazing day / hope you make it one:) Sending my twitter love.
Thank you for the RT last week, Ivan!
i feel invisible):
Painted on the wall? That seems kind of ... permanent. What does it link to?
in audience at event
"i go hard like i hate leavin...i beat the odds and i break even"
Dear customer that just informed me he wanted his change, was I supposed to keep it? Cuz then I've been doing this cashier thing all wrong.
#IfTwitterHadAPromIdTake ... who's the genius who thought of this.
I don't want to go to class
Love you too!RT : LOVE YOU. HAPPY NEW YEAR!
I suppose everything happens for a reason..
I don't need anyone to make me feel special I am fucking awesome
We're pinning #sextech2012 !
The goal isn't to stop sinning, it's to start worshiping Jesus.
is back in Ca
s/o to my girl at worlds!!!!
Huh? That is a Sakic grade in his prime. This kid is a 3rd liner on any of the top teams.
On set filming "Molly" hope it doesn't rain!!
I could tell he did.
full time #chelsea vs #liverpool 2-1*
cool story bro
countin money thrice
Standing @ the RiverWalk by the water..Loving the view & how the water look when the sun hits it:) #ItsANewOrleansThing lol
Yes! I love me Some Victoria. I would wear any and everything she puts on! Shes a beast!!!!
Google Search Data used to predict Flu trends per state...
Great tip for summer. RT : Informational interviews also a great way to network and learn job search skills.
6 powerful words entrepreneurs need to say: "I can help you with that".
why are their already gifs on tumblr of the boyz on abdc <U+FF1F> #notlooking #notreblogging DONT SPOIL THIS MAGICAL MOMENT FOR ME.
good point. But, unfortunately, they're the only ones who can fix it. And the consequences are very very bad.
I have such a skinny body wuttt
updating my ipod.! Im on a Country Roll...
ringlinglingggg!! HELLO? Hi!!! Thanks for following #mofones!! Have a happy Sunday!
Being baking-challenged is notably difficult during the holiday season. Oh, cookie-swaps, how I loathe you!
Absolutely loved Midnight in Paris. Can't remember last time I enjoyed a new movie this much. I can haz Paris now, plz?
Genuine hipsters are another breed. They're gonna be affecting the demographics soon.
Jails are overcrowded (people) violating the law of the land.The world is overcrowded with (people) violating the law of God! Help us Jesus!
You're an "A" now.
I Have No Siblings Im The Only Child ^_^
is finally in weekend mode.
RT "This should totally make 's day!! RT Last week without Gossip Girl!" finally!
Why no reply?
"Fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, you're cool and fuck you. I'm out!"
thank you!
i'm working on vimeo video sitemap, does the video need to be marked private for google to index it for your site?
live for life!
The gov doesn't want a stoner Society I remove the "high" from Marijuana And leave effects like pain relief, hunger, happiness In lozenge.
Happy Labor Day!
Of all the 32 teams in the nfl why did chandler jones have to go to the pats?
Please do not open any link that is sent from my account. Apparently someone is playing games on Twitter; either hackers or viruses.
TLC stands for Toe-Lickin' Crazy.
that sounds fun! let me check my calendars
on the Information Desk for an hour...crazy Summer Reading Program time.
Either hasn't tweeted today or twitter just isn't sending them to my phone like it is supposed to.
You ask me how my day is going and you don't reply back :(
TODAY'S DEAL - $ 5 for $ 10 Worth of Frozen Yogurt - Yogoyum Frozen Yogurt www.igoopon.com
Send me your album sucka :)
i don't blame u! ": I have been thinking about a Philly Cheese Steak ever since I read this tweet"
maybe I need to hang my bathing suit up and a picture of the Bahamas as motivation for the gym. ugh
I am writing an article and I mentioned “HTTP Referer”. I instinctively put [sic] after that. I think I am going to leave it.
- on the list and fingers crossed.
Oh, so same thing as a 7' & 270lb running/jumping RT I don't sit. I stand. Sometimes, I walk around while I'm talking, too.
Be different, be unique, have a personality.
Canyon Shorts - Bicycling
It's boring...
Strength and honor.
already did....
Todays Friday, tommorows Saturday then I'm free can't wait for Sunday!!!
What's the job? :)
Definitely! Just completing a grad paper b4 I call it a night~ U?
as i have gotten older I have watched how media will try and turn us against each other over petty BS - hoping we
thats awesome! RT : my son likes to do the #2weekchallenge work with me
When you find out it's Mark Davis, not #Rush or even Mark Steyn, how quickly do you change that dial?
tied at the half. Go
On the island of Sumba in Indonesia water is hard to find. Rotary is building tanks to store rainwater on this island for the villagers.
Why people don't listen to me though
Today: Attending "Not Just Another Boring Mobile Panel" cc/
awe! you are the best! I'm always here for you! not goin anywhere!
You got that right. Go Cubs!
Spring Fever note: Red Sox owner, Tom Yawkey, rebuilt Fenway Pahk in 1934, much needed employment during Great Depression.
I totally ate it attempting a trick dive into the pool; I practice cannonballism.
Just landed in San Francisco!
GUYS..!!!FOLLOW MY NEW ACCOUNT I GOT HACKED AGAIN!!! I FOLLOW BACK!! JUST ASK ME!!!!
tomorrow, I'll prolly get up there around 5 is that cool?
starting sit-ups.......NOW.
How on earth is "Wind Beneath My Wings" stuck in my head??
That Moment When You Sitting Home Alone In The Dark Watching Tv... Feel Like Something Behind You And Turn Around To See Nothing <<<
Sounds good. Do we need anything else??
#bookaday IF YOU FIND A ROCK by Peggy Christian and I AM A ROCK (riddles) by Jean Marzollo.
There will always be a part of me that will miss you forever.
My wife just finished her PhD and has notes all over our apt., so she can't REALLY complain
#AlexAndRobertTweetTweet wow i love these guys
ALEX YOU ARE FREAKING HILARIOUS & AMAZING! CAN YOU PLEASE FOLLOW ME BACK? PRETTY PLEASE?<3
Happy Sunday!
adrenaline does weird stuff...jus sayin
#TheThingIHateMost is #disrespect on any level. It turns into things like hatred and distrust. Everyone deserves a chance.
No more CF4's sorry.
Looking forward to Friday April 13th. Congrats!!
Why Google And Facebook May Disappear In Five Years
I ate a robin's nest.
Gotta get my shid together by August 27 for basic training. Ain't NOTHING stopping me
something like a instagram photo effect, I just want it to look cool. A photo effect that looks really good, thats it. :)
Just saw a commercial for stickers you put on your eyelids to keep them from drooping...what will they come up with next!
The end of spring break always sucks -_-
Was there really any REAL concern that Obama wasn't born in the US?
Only if I was there damn
Thanks for helping me lobbying abt Syria. How are the rest of STAND's lobby meeting going today?
Shopping for new golf attire this evening with my EWGA crew! I'm going to look cute for the golf league!
There's a certain sense of defiance I get from using an old Trader Joe's bag while shopping at Jewel.
;) cool , can u follow me please ?i support you because you are perfect i jasminator forever ;) follow me please x10
Provoked me to what I believe is my first use of profanity in a tweet, too.
Had my anti-oxidant "fix" at Ocean Prime tonight.."Bubbles & Berries." Thank you Nikki and Brandon for the best smokin hot vodka concoction.
You worked (work?) on the Universal lot, right? How's the Amblin screening room? Worth going? Next to any cool sights back there?
Nice nice. I can't wait for Christmas :3
If Viagra used product placement in the fantasy suites they would make a killing #magical #TheBachelor #BusinessMajor #yadoyadont?
Where's my poolboy?
RT : Should news orgs on Twitter have "tweets by @ ..." in their bio? I've always been iffy. has a good approach, tho.
That'll do it for today. :)
DFW -> OMA this morning. First of 8 trips now through June 30.
Are you a pro media buyer (photos, video, interviews) and wish you could search over 200M assets in one app? With my-picturemaxx you can!
Hittin it early
Heading to the mall, then seatac, then studio. Happy Tuesday y'all!
good to know since I was planning on bringing my super soaker 150 instead of my Glock 23.
okay ... I think Im figuring this out....
a toast to you, my friend!
Spanish Final...
i didnt go to the store.., today i could buy you some tomorrow tough... Guess what ? I read this last tweet in your voice tone
do you work today?
lmfao me too!;
she be getting that summer bid ! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+0084><f0><U+009F><U+008F><U+008A><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>
sorry.. Just playing around.. :)
They tend to do that. Mine would be on me all the time and would always lick my stomach. Dr said it's about protection
Maine Writers and Publishers hosts local authors on Friday, 11/29 @ 12-3p. 25 local authors will be here selling and signing books!
all the good thoughts & positive vibes your way!
hm Do you remember who was? They had a lot of guest at their taping they may have been taping for the month!!
WOW BRO YOU JUST MADE MY FUCKING NIGHT! I DIDN'T KNOW YOU COULD STREAM THE FIGHT FOR FREE!!! I FUCKING LOVE YOU
Holiday flavors are here: Eggnog, Bicochitto, Pumpkin and lots of holiday decorations. Our Gift Certifictes make great holiday gifts!!!
Wasn't planning on writing a review of last night's VH show, but it was either that or stare at the ceiling w/ insomnia for the past hour.
been dealing with that one for 18 months, hope it clears up for ya
Looking for interesting people to follow? check out:
Happy Birthday Sunshine!
And that's why he wears shades so you can't see his eyes!
Thank you! Glad to have you in our community with Let us know if you have any feedback. Fun things on the way!
yeah "tweet" me.
40 min until a epic time in vampire history!!! RT
you have to be the most beautiful young lady alive!
Intuitive, granular search and faceted navigation should be std features on all #ecommerce platforms but they aren't.
I'm tryna figure out y JaNasia takin all day 2 take 8 braids out of her head, she wonder y I call her grannie mae,lol!!! She is SLOOWWWW!!
Awe! Yours is amazing too!(:
I would aim fr the U310 personally
Clap, clap-clap-clap-clap. ": Can't be there tonight but lets go "
Congratulations #Atlantis! #NASA final #spaceshuttle launch a success in Florida - is it too early for champagne??
#2.0Buffet still trying to separate twitter from facebook. They don't want to separate. Who knew this would be so hard?
I think what motivates people is not great hate, but great love for other people - Huey Newton
Reserve when Mayor Sanders took office was only 2%. Now the City's reserve is over 11%!
omg best tt ever Kendall is our cover boy hell yea love this tt
Hey I will be at the Knitting Factory in Brooklyn tonight IN THE FLESH. So yeah, be there. I play at 7:30 my faithful followers!
Ugh. You know what's awesome about Google? It's not the simple search box. It's called RELEVANCY RANKING. Get some.
Pretty good day today :) just dislike all the ugly weather here in phoenix lol
and ME!
oh same doing homework... Which episode are you watching?
well im wearing my black rotc shirt like past seniors have..omg im going to almost start crying lol
Hi Rob, interested in sharing how Kanjoya's emotional tool assists you better understand how much people love your brand. DM?
i hate my twitter app, it still only has mentions from like two months ago loading...why oh why. must reinstall
You are very welcome! Have a great week. I need to order one for my dog Jimmy.
Watchin my boo graduate!! Congrats princess!! <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0099><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+009A>
everyone needs to check out the this article.
Me too!!!! Biggest Loser is so inspirational. I write this while baking cookies for tomorrow.
FRY DAY.
Don't get me started on FL....whole different set of rules there...it's like Vegas, I love it for 72 hours...then I gotta go!
New Jersey Devils. What a team
all those fairytales are full oh shitt
Message me if your interested in coming in for an autograph session! Fans want to meet you here in lex!
Love talking to my grandmother from New Jersey on the phone. She's precious.
Sunday is Ride Day....HMBA Winter Mayhem ride at TRTP from 9a.m.-12p.m.
I know but in case I shockingly forget ;)
I support !
DAMMIT. I always forget to change the date on my twitter name. This shit is too irrelevent, I should just change my name to June 19th..
what's going on?
I really want to go shopping tomorrow. #anytakers ?
#petty im ur friend but yuh let ppl say ishh bout me freely...??? fu 2
Today 1820: U.S. census recorded 651 civilians and 804 soldiers and dependents living in the territory that is now Wisconsin.
alright I don't doubt that'll happen :) seriously, but YOU were the key to get in lol I lost hope when we were leaving
#TerrenceJones has 9 points in a row! He's determined to drag UK to a victory!
do I need to get the nerf gun?
They know my name they feel like they know me but its a shame I feel like they owe me
please nobody cooks in my house, I get tired of eating out all the time
How so, Miss San Diego?
So, nice to see that Golden State is trying to go "all in" on injury prone players by building around Bogut and Curry
CONGRATULATIONS on a great game!!! No voice left! Proud to be a 9er fan from SF today!!!!!
Afternoon nap, followed by afternoon tea... It's just that kind of day.
Just saw Coming to America again and I love it more every time I see it. You were great!
myn past it,was 3 of April
I usually get nine hours a night. So I'm grouchy
I love you:) please follow me!!!
Pre-order your copy of the 40 Day Devotional Reading - Reflections, Packaging is being prepared now! Great resource!
They're good people. Scratch that. You specifically are good people.
Clearly, I value your time in class with this stimulating seminar.
Iv been a hard core fan of 4 a year now that is the longest iv ever liked something for I usually only last a few months yay me
Sounds like Microsoft is joining Google in getting rid of its over 40 engineers.
RED LIGHT WINTER :: a play by Adam Rapp opens next week. Where's your ticket?
well played. #you're
I wanna know who crushes on me i would love to know single life sucks.
You guys look jazzy.
Tip of the day: television can be fun when the program doesnt suck.
Can you retweet the last tweet i sent to you with that link? I liked that page
Okay Embrey....one of these Sundays. Wedding season is going to kill me! 4 weddings in 5 weeks...UGH!
of course it can be: and academic discourse is good at pondering the terrifying side, but often at the expense of silliness
Love the show, but Family Guy seems to be the extent of actor training now. Prolong absurd catch phrase, repeat. Tumble dry low.
Prom Is 2ma. :D
Welcome home superstar!
ya!!!! They're on Emoji 2!
so when is part 2 coming out? With all the expanding in the #CraftBeer industry and mergers would be a #awesome sequel
lol like stroking my dick. ;)
Great goal from Ellen : Be a swan. Calm and graceful up top, paddling like hell from below.
NJ devils lookin beast right now
I don't know of you can handle the high pitched squeak and occasional cracking in 10yr old mikes voice
I went to Tattooed Moms on tonight for the first time in years. What the hell happened to South Street?
have fun?!
hi back! we hope to see u at #weddingpartybridalshow on Sunday! Free ticket giveaway on our fbook wall today!
Gotta love :)
Well Beethoven had hygiene issues, so...
Indiana stays handling Miami, and New York? I just don't see them as a contender yet.
really feeling 's Music <U+2665>
cont. as I do not handle that part. You definitely have a good thing going with your series. :)
Exhibitors, please visit our website and sign up for your 2011 booth today!
did you know that justin and selena are just friends with benifits and not dating
At home, being a loner
blog link posted; if they take that panel, lemme know - I've been thinking about a paper on sampling/borrowing
This referee at this Clippers game... Number 8 I think. He's TERRIBLE... Smh.
Thanks Mike we'll definitely have to try that one!
should I make a keek with Steven Friday?(:
or I can take a picture of it
OH: "The anchor doesn't calm the storm, but it holds you stable."
Getting into #DCtech is easy, ! It's the getting out that's hard - thanks to
gotta keep going til im tthere
you can talk about me :)
a ya jajajajajajajajaa
So, the thing is, folks, it's called "social media," not "let's all post depressing news that'll make us want to die media."
Palm trees are by far the most beautiful of trees. One day I'll live where they are the locals. One day....
Wish this damn boy would get out my head..
Magnetic generous, transformative are SFMOMA's key words for new building and what will happen in it
hm, I guess E ncore for me then. Can't wait!
Overheard at my hotel "I love Bagoyavich (sp), I reallu do!!"
Whew! Air Hoenig @ Small's. Dude is always on fire.
It's not just one intersection, it's over 60 blocks and part of the downtown RDA (ie CCDC jurisdiction).
remember that life is full of ups and downs, and without the downs, the ups would mean nothing.
his inability to control this message shows he's way out of his league at an elite hoops school like Wisconsin
Wishing all Moms a day of beauty, love, and laughter. Enjoy your day.
Last chance! We are looking for a few #savannah #seniors & grandparents to answer survey questions on Friday. Paying $50 for 30 minutes!
do you follow ? How is "New judge assigned to case of former Walker aide" "Madison crime"???... its not...
he must be talking about 2k12
me n my fam r in boulder for my cousins grad party. Be safe.
I think Pitbull would even make a remix with me.
Ok, nevermind, scratch that last tweet. Just found Father of the Bride on Lifetime.
1999 the universe im not afraid i challenge anyone to come find me send ur best. oh i am ur best
So... I guess I got Netflix to watch Yo Gabba Gabba all nite. Lol! Dis kid needs to go to bed!
Gibson Guitar Endorses Spring Press/School Tour California, Washington, Nevada, Texas, Florida, Tennesse and NY. Dates TBA
they have that?!!!
Maybe if is watching his Twitter feed he'll send us an occasional update.
"Hello. I would like to do a pool party... at a mansion... for celebrities. Is your museum available?" — gentleman on the phone. Good idea!
Hi Well Spoken, don't know if that's in the plans-why do you ask?
okay... me
I hope its the newer mustang you sold :(
are you there? I'm just now picking up destiny
when ever i go on a break from studying, i always watch ur videos
I think it's weird that in Dirty Dancing that one girl had an abortion yet the lead character's name is Baby.
I swear to god....
Gary Price: librarian as a navigator
Most brands have 2 positions: 1 Public perception 2 How they perceive themselves. The best brands successfully merge the 2.
I think social media experts are those who say they are social media experts, better shop around.
Great Healthy Eating article in Latina Style Magazine about and our "La #Salud en Tu #Cocina" program.
That was a good run. Good game, Lakers. Were coming back for you next year.
At the #GreaterTogether Youth summit
ill be ur friend !!
Thank you and kudos on your progress toward the 1,000 follower milestone! Best of luck!
Thanks for the RT
I think they actually weighed-in in favor of #RWA , sadly
In ft worth with with espn. Packer fans where you at?
“: Via : The state of Colorado just converted its time zone from Mountain Time to Tebow Time. (LOL!!! Too funny)” LMAO!!
I wish there was a way that this could be played fair.
you really just said that
we are inside now. Another time. Follow me on instagr.am for all the #Kman one can handle.
Great discussion on USF reform #cbais join us!
Ky tearing in backs EARLY (freeway voice)
Oh he kissed him on his third eye.
hey jo! i know you're really busy, but would you consider doing an interview for a student? even through e-mail would be awesome! =)
How do you like your eggs prepared, ?
if just for reading, I'd *really* go with regular kindle. Battery life measured in weeks is hard to beat.
Someone should come visit me at work today
So I got through day #1 at my new job today... I think this will work out just fine.
#SuperBowl t-minus 1 day!!!! super pumped!!!! but super sad last game of the #NFL season!! :( withdrawals in 2 weeks?
Have you had your D today?
Enjoying a very lazy Saturday!
Your dream vacation?
haja that is awesome
Facebook files an IPO, meaning we can be owners. So can we finally get "dislike" and "edit comment" buttons?
watch til the end of the clip I just sent. Shep can die in 2 and Joker takes over.
totally! RT : Thanks for the Shoutout. Yes, a little tribute to Zappa is good on a Friday. :-)
I'm good just been busy
Having the best time ever with my best friend!!! #partay!!!
Applebees: Bring lower middle-class families together since 1980.
I was just two minutes late for getting Evgeni Malkin into my fantasy line up. I'm starting two centers that don't play.
Afternoon on Waterloo! Love my
#CollaborativeLaw - Spouses avoid lengthy and costly discovery by agreeing to disclose and exchange all information.
got none. Where r u? I'm bored.
#STOP already w/all the lame extraness thanks A 100%
Every Tear Drop is a Waterfall
Wondering how many successive days I can work at this first-this-then-that-then-the-next-thing-oh-and-dont-forget-the-other pace.
Focus, risk taking and hard work: necessary conditions for greater-than-average success.
#SomeoneIWantToMeet he's perfect and his dance moves are amazing.
Ahh next on mine is a Down But Not Out Hoodie & hustler membership whichmum kinda said yes to... <
#thingsisayatayankeegame: i am tired of clapping.
Happy early Birthday! Have fun, don't do anything I wouldn't do!
At house with
New menu is being printed today!!!! Look out April 1st. The Proud One is taking shape!....getexcitedfam! Its almost time to boat watch!
": Pan con bistec always hits the spot <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008C>" great, now I'm hungry
No hablo mucho espanol. What question were you asking?
well I kinda like those so...
Just one day I want to stroll into the office with "Damn It Feels Good to Be a Gangsta" playing in the background.
Happy birthday Hope its great!
A careless word may kindle strife, a cruel word may wreck a life, a timely word may level stress, a loving word may heal and bless!
Drop by for open mic night tonight and enjoy great music and pineapple infused vodka with your salad or sandwich!
Kitty Cullen scores! The #Gators lead the No.1 ranked #Wildcats 4-1 with 12:41 left in the first period of the #ALCTourney Championship.
Everyday Ambitiously reaching pass the stars:)
thinking about planning a 2-day offsite to focus on strategy (and execution) - any thoughts or resources that might help?
Yes 1st we do our homework and then we just play in the gym
X-Men: First Class (2011): Looked great, but script was painful. Forget canon, but gotta have a Wolverine cameo! Crap+Plotholes=2.3:5.
Is it more gracious to prove you're right or be kind & tolerant of others? I say the latter. Live and let live & be kind doing it!
In one hour Austin will be officially 16!!(:
all the bros didn't talk about you, so you can't talk about all the bros lol
Much Love!!! It's just gettn started.. Got an show n Miami next week!
I hope we can all play, that would be awesome
I'd much rather make a quick nickel than a slow dime.
People will never understand me. I just have to understand that.
When they show Juliet on my local news I fangirl every time ahahah love her <3
Right!!! Fucking assholes! RT : Why are people posting pictures of food like if I'm not freaking starving over here!!?
And tonight nightmares of Baylor. Not even thinking past that!
Lmao I feel like going on a rant, but imma chill.. Might hurt some feelings...
I'm good got the week off so I'm being lazy lol..Friday should be fun I have special guest coming too :)
Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less traveled by. ~Robert Frost
This Man's Tweet From Occupy Oakland Offers A Glimpse Into Police Excess via
RT #SomeFactsYouShouldKnow "I don't read books" is code for "I'm stupid."
12:04 & I cant get u off my mind lol Super Excited that tickets 4 July 6th Milwaukee go on sale this Sat.!! Ur amazing 143 <3 3
hmm, that is the programming then. There might be an app for that!
you've never said anything I didn't find hilarious.
Hello everyone, this is my first tweet. Trying to learn all about it!
me too! “: It's confirmed. I picked up a nasty cold while visiting Austin. Fortunately, it didn't show up until after #lavacon.”
: Don't worry. Progressives will mention the crap out of Obama's Bin Laden achievement.
Only you are responsible for your words and actions.
Shut up, jerk! Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
so I hear you were talking about me to my friend Erica?! Not cool.
I just woke up to te sun beaming!my hair everywhere.and my shrit unbuttoned fully.did me and my dreams do it?morning yall
miss you too sis! Gotta get together soon so I can see you and my little man:)
UW in the mix for Black Mamba per rivals...close strong Sark!
wee drop wee rock!!!
Once had a contract for a bus sent to me as a word doc. WTF?!
1:26 to go and the #Amerks still trailing...
Haha thats right !! Go Philly !!! RT : The Eagles taking all the best Free Agents. First Cliff Lee now #Nnamdi smh
Is it thursday yet??
Congrats to . Took on a new opponent after a training camp preparing for a completey different fighter, not easy.
Merry Christmas to all - may your new year be filled with joy and Spurs victories.
if my mom ever saw me writing #niallwhipshispenis she would smack me!! **
Yeah my babes coming over >
Please. You have a boyfriend and are younger than me. You're safe from the dreaded spinster title. :)
will be celebrating JD's birthday tonight with her friends. We are having pork pinwheels. They look REALLY good!
My nigga out !
More history: California Rep. Nancy Pelosi became the first female Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives today in 2007.
On the way to a literary lecture
Found Cat Alert! Likes car rides - he must have a home!! Southeast Carmel near Clay Middle School. Grey, neutered male....
Married couples that met online had an average courtship of 18.5 months. Offline 42 months. How about you?
This webinar will share techniques for marketing more efficiently and effectively, particularly on a tight budget
Despite the outcome we had a ridiculous time at the Cavs game tonight, Gee, Kyrie, Tristan still fighting, Twan & Parker have mailed it in
Hi Marie! Aww thanks! I really didnt know that hehe. yours is amazing too
that's because was at publix. Just saw him wearing the same FIU shirt he wears everyday
Wow. I seriously meant to be productive tonight. Instead, I ended up watching "Bridesmaids" and painting my nails all Halloween-y. Whoops!
lost my 2 yr.old niece ..her funeral was yesterday. God Please give our family strength.
SexTip: Ladies, always remember that he loves when you sit on his face. A "Mustache Ride" will do your body GOOD!
As always, enjoying this guys, 's tweets....
I've always been lame. Talk to you soon!
If your gunna pick her over me. More power to you. But dont expect me to do stuff with you next time your horny. Lmao.
hoila. whats app? Can you tell me please who is booking agent for Every Avenue or We Are In The Crowd?
well apparently your phone isnt smart enough to do that...
Beer:30 tonight (4:30P). Bring something to share and stay for a movie.
Ready To Hear Jonas Music! WHOOP WHOOP!
Thought for the Day: "Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
A little late, but happy birthday! Hope you had a good one.
I agree. It's odd to comprehend. I give my last dime to so many of my favorite causes. Give w/o regret and it comes back
partner welcomes NBA athletes in lockout. Where better than the bball captl of the world to train? These guys
Having a cappuccino with my client and friend Teresa, former Miss NJ US
Thanks for all the birthday wishes. I have awesome friends.
I HAVE HAD SO MUCH
who is nastier? The NIGGA GETTIN his ass licked or the female lickin it? Hm
Checking in again to see if you've received my email. Thanks! --Casey
I haven't been on facebook in like a week...and really its just a photo album these days...perhaps its time to...dare I say, delete?
Thanks for having me!
When you really wanna be successful you gonna loose some sleep, forget to eat. Don't go to sleep on to dreams you might miss something !
lets not become NYNY
Yeah, you've officially been unbestfriended.
I haven't watched the since they had , now they have Mike Trout, that *seems* like a downgrade
I wish they made Pajama Jeans in my size,I would never wear anything else ever again!
Cathedral of the Holy Spirit in GA collects food on a regular basis for homeless and church's food bank.
Very much Blue mixed in?
Freedom lies in being yourself.
Excellent! Thanks for the great idea. I was wondering if a map of Panem existed while reading HG but didn't want to spoil it :)
The moment someone believes they are capable is the exact moment they need to be inspired to commit to action...be prepared to inspire!
Becoming a part of & you should too! Thanks to one of my best friends Renee Hanna at for introducing me!
the patio on 3rd floor is beautiful and relaxing. our little bungalow and
lame I just pass by and yea NO! Sorry! /:
Check out some of the Willy Wonka Chocolate Party pictures! Look at photos!
type of person you want to me, I think your actions rule over you thought. Everyone thinks bad things at one point.lol
Thank you for the shout out, Daniel! Have a great week.
Got 835 words in tonight. At least I did something.
I don't care if you don't like my twang.
“: Pending signature of the governor, Indiana will have one of the weakest "smoke-free" air laws in the country.”
but still. i'm speaking for MOST people. The other half are just straight up attention whores. -___-
No, but it would be easy enough for us to compile the data from the records we do have.
how do you guys know when the plane is taking off and all that?
You're not talking about porn, I presume.
When you get arrested and executed because youre at a shoe factory during a payroll hold up<<< #Sacco&VanzettisStory
JGM is now manufacturing and selling a quality pet door at an affordable price.
It's not new, but it's happening with less meaningful criticism. Desperate times (pardon the pun), desperate measures.
just received the best news I could have today. now i can focus.
Going To School everyday.. While Trying to make Music. HaHa! Getting little sleep . . I Cant Wait till Summer!
What's everyone doin' this weekend? ENTERTAIN US
CONGRATULATIONS TO !!!!! CAMDEN NEED SOME UvE APPAREL NOW!! LOL
RT Now following cuz told me too!!!!!
in a time when music programs are cut, this is wonderful. Bless you Elex!
Awesome. Hey were you at #emspdx yesterday? Meant to find you & introduce myself. My bad!
Don't miss out on ur blessings
Accepting bookings for Feb-May, contact Charmaine Lewis for details!
He just gotta give me that look when he give me that look then the panties COMIN off UHH
Lets be honest. A better question for your waiter to ask when hes taking your drink order around kids is how many cokes will there be?
#ThingsEveryoneCanRelateToo not wanting to go to school/work, sleep in!
Detroit public schools lost 58% of enrollment - how do you balance that budget?
Why is the world wide leader playin the s#$t out of that old DWade ad?
Tired long week
I Love My Mom <U+2764> shes always there for me and she cooks so good ;) Truth is idk what i would do without her?
Either Facebook is buggy... OR Saltz has booted and blocked me. LOL
Congrats! RT : YAY! “: someone is going to Follow the North Star Congrats & enjoy!
txt me gotta new phone lost a lot of contacts
“: Nice! Today looked like a great day for a fall drive.” It was! Beautiful fall colors & Monderosa burgers!
Do you need Air Conditioning installations we've got u covered call today 972-234-2336 mention this tweet for special pricing!
True, but I'm not that "you" that your referring to..Thx
Some long overdue #FF and !
come be a part of The Big Blue Nation!! New Banners are gonna be hanging....
me!!! Looking by the computer tommorow to plan my trip to GB to see you #begreat!!!!!
tell johnny i said hi. even tho i saw im earlier today
Tamie should be ashamed of herself, no class what so ever can't argue w-ignorance, Susie gonna get hers karmas a bitch remember that
Checkin out new DJ territory in #DFW. in Plano. Not too shabby. Not too shabby indeed.
Walked into an AT&T store and I hear skrillex - first of the year playing pretty loudly.
stay beautiful!
RT : In a relationship #Cancer's are constantly thinking about their lover.
With a new month comes a new sandwich. Metro Diner now featuring a (delicious) chicken Caesar flatbread for 4.99
Organic is popular in Barcelona: wines, fruits and vegetables, meats, cheeses, beauty products. Also a lot of vegetarian restaurants.
One day I'll hug you by and say: that day finally arrived, it was worth waiting a lot for him :)
. . . could really eat Spanish food tonight, like from Spain. You know, that kind of Spanish.
Deliverance: worst movie ever, minus the banjo and ass rape scene.
Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.
Aint made plans yet me and jude was thinkin bout slidin down on u one weekend
that is
Counts. It all counts.
Are you saying I'm fat?
Send your Wine Labels to us now to enter our free contest! Email info .com NOW! NO COST. #FREE to enter
I'm in Louisiana or a few more days.
"im not a slut! i can count all the people ive slept with with one hand." "yeah if that hand was holding a calculator." true
love the question. my dog softly laying her head in my lap to ease my anxiety this morning. :)
mane bro I foreal got mad foo
thank you <3
In too deep, can't think about giving it up But i never knew love would feel like a heart attack.
#occupyaustin at #sxsw :: today at TUMC 4001 speedway, noon to 8pm :: #stopMonsanto with John Duffy :: going forward to a simpler time
RT : Carmelo is all we got. Trade Stat for nothing and let JR walk (we got Chandler, have to love him)
It's a cat power kind of night
definitely an explosive player! Great kid too
Happy Birthday!
Agreed!! RT Wellness Wednesday at Yogurt, fruit, bagels, veggies, juice...YUM!
Midlakes Basketball: 9 kids working on their game this morning. In time we will have a strong program.
or be like Homer Simpson. Tell them "there's always about a million people better than you"
- You should check out a BTAN at Has anyone from Filene ever visited BancVue? You have a lot in common.
Poor Bebe. How will she come to appreciate a homeroasted cup?
Agree!“: "The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible." - Arthur C. Clarke”
welcome home - consider the humidity a free sauna :-)
yup, i'm a linux fan... the only reason i still also have a windows box is to update/sync my iphone, lol
what it do real dude?
I hate writing :/
The new dynamite walls project is called follow us!! Shows start next month!
Always my pleasure, Records.
Rain = trash in the water. Back River cleanup event tomorrow! 9a-2p, meet at Essex Park & Ride with boots. Supplies and lunch provided.
That's true. I probably have a skewed viewpoint since I'm in PR-we are always connected by email and social media!
Thank you so much! It means a lot that you and so many others have been so kind to me!
Playing some wii bowling with Yaz and aka Chad!! :)
Zinester Ben Snakepit just came by MonkeyWrench Books to drop off some copies of his latest books.
Need career coaching? Need leadership skills? Email me:
Im all about A dollar !”)
i loved it. is it coming out on itunes?
hm. RT : On February 8, 2000, the meaning of life was auctioned on eBay. The winning bid was $3.26.
thanks for the mention today!
agreed. Just asking in light of DACS revisions in case there's some wisdom we can incorporate.
Follow back bro
That one special person we all think about every single day.....<3
follow me
I heard because he's been getting hurt so much at first base they thought he'd be safer as a dh
Honored to win both the youngest alumni present + the Alumni Association Achievement Medal tonight at Alumni Dinner
Basically he'd need to get an investment group. Or, when he sells the team, he could promise to use the money to build an arena.
lol u made a good choice to b inlove with one of the most powerfull woman in the world
you can archive & re-use posts with HootSuite. There is also a feature which you can use to store frequently sent posts
42 is a lucky number every day, for the truly enlightened.
I have alot to take care of between now and the end of this month. Some things are mandatory but Looks like ill be talkin alotta Losses
Undertaker looking way too skinny and bald to be Undertaker.
Mets win in well unorthodox fashion over he SF Giants
Your so adorable & I absolutely love you. Every time I watch one of your videos I get the biggest smile! Your one of a kind!<3
It was great. I <3 Shakespeare! How was the b.mitzvah?
pang! a
Check out olive Dance Theatre on Fox news right now!
Justin Drew Bieber is trending...
That made me smile after the extreme frustration of what had happened haha
She's fast asleep.....
hahaha ok good!! i saw it for the first time today and it is amazing!!:)
Having one of those days huh? I feel ya buddy. Last week I had drinks everyday to cope.
that would be a very interesting experience............<U+E414>
Get $2 tacos and $4 margaritas on Wednesdays @ John’s Place (1200 W. Webster Ave.)
you know I got you!
I think Jean Paul Gaultier
#FreshmanRetreat was incredible! Bummer I missed Monta Ellis debut but it was still a great experience.
I think tomorrows gonna go by fast..
If your luking at dis go ta bed
All GO PAY YOUR BILLS! We want Take the Stage and Pandamonium!
Cru De Gra is coming! Prepare yourselves guys, June 16 @ Club 101, it's going to be epic!
#onePersonIwouldlovetoFuck *Usher R.* ah *heart flutters*
Do You Know Me???
#Thatembarrassingmomentwhen I trip up a sidewalk and land strait on my face!
Got the hair dye. Ombre Adventure part 2 :)
Email me to get your FREE blastoff site at
Lovitz is a liberal that hates Obama. Heaton's a conservative, and Turner, and Chuck Norris
Im wondering...If a bulldog nails a shitzu, are the puppies called 'bullshitz'?
Orrin Hatch just said Sebelius "doesn't know what she's talking about" (petulantly).Must be the new civility I've been hearing about.
word of the year so far: "leak"
Happy Friday the 13th everyone!
I'm grateful 4 friends. It's my fault for not planning a friend gathering. But standing in smoking patios w 2 ambiv gays pre-bday sucked.
Ok random random random!
you're welcome director.:)
Executive I think. 11x17? Not sure...
: Hey I dont know if you noticed all the extra pub on Facebook for #Ocomedy or not... (May 19th at )
Monopoly Is something
nevermind, saw you posted both, thought it was just the hyatt at first
Nope, I'm thinking you were way more trouble.
That's actually a Monte Carlo simulation. The brute-force method is to enumerate all possible results and count up.
RT RT "It's the little details that are vital. Little things make big things happen.
would be an honor to help in any way that I can. Please send me an email and we will set it up.
Had a mini heart-to-heart sesh. It was alright..
Just saw a man running while wearing jean shorts. Brotha man is probably feeling some major chafe-age right about now.
Is it wrong to think we can't preserve dignity of all human beings when we blow some of them up for questionable motives and tactics?
Filling in for this morning, alongside Hope you'll join us!
done working for the day mental patiences have taken over the #CRC/sylvania
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. ~John D. Rockefeller
I heart you guys. Thank you so much for your help. Now I need some street tacos. And slippers.
I'm in. It's such bullshit. People take them so serious. They mean nothing.
. is going to laugh at me, but I have to help present in front of mining engineering grad students and I'm really nervous.
RT : A goal without a plan is just a wish.
did u ever get the pics of the melo 2?
YAY JASPER FOLLOWING US!!!!
I'm excited at the thought of a new "secret cow level" for #D3. Why are farm animals so amusing?
We give two thumbs up to 'Contagian'! Learn what happens when an all star cast takes on a global pandemic:
Awww i miss you too Ashton ;( talk to me soon!
No Sherpas. Though Roger kinda.... “: Mountain to climb, no grappling hooks”
im gonna take a verse out of a song i did a while back and let you sing and rap. its a perfect song for singing and rapping.
Louis: I dedicate 'More Than This' to Eleanor. Liam: I dedicate 'WMYB' to Danielle. Niall: I dedicate 'I Want' to Nandos.
u kno I got u my nigga
I didn't know about it. When is it?
had to explain the game of baseball to some ppl while at the Thank you
Best mother's day commercial was the Oreo one when the kids brought there mom a glass of milk rapped in napkins and Oreos
I'll light a FIRE....FIRE.....FIRE!
S/o to all my bros.
--> RT : Exactly. I'm going to hear her next week, too. But yes, = sinister.
why was tamia mad at Sam .
yes, I will be there too
I had a great time! Thanks! Glad everything ran smoothly
Quizzo 8:30 Cranky Joe's in East Falls win 2 tix to the #Flower Show. Topics Music/Movies, Pop Culture & Only in Philly. Baseball beer round
#iDecide2B whatever works for me. Teenage parenthood is a challenge. Safe, smart, protected, and educated is a must.
im so sorry! i have been busy! lets tweet now! :D
M&N ... dnt worry bro everything will be ok!
dear clevland browns will u plz trade your 1st round pick to it would just mean alot to me....
yo we on the rollo with this shit ... cosmos , live legends .. so right lmaoooooooooooo
3 more to go! RT : Ok people, my sister is only 6 people away from that 100th follower! Can we get her there?
If I got to design #UI icons for the rest of time, I think I'd be alright with that...discovering pure form is swell
I didn't think it could happen, but I just tripped and fell into a life boat too.
#np 'What's a girl to do?' Bat for Lashes
hey man, I like your work, listen to mine if you get the chance, im not trying to sell, just curiouse for your opinion
Why isn't peyton starting the pro bowl? Did I miss something?
Since I'm done it's time to party !
Such A Great Day ;) God Bless U All
I'd be damned if I let you go
And we appreciate your business!
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone. Hope y'all have fun and stay safe
RT : S/o to all of SAN DIEGO!! Rep where you from...
Let them birds take a bath
Seems like I never use this anymore. That could be a problem if there were any people that actually read my shit :)
just checked in for the flight tomorrow!
2 many of our youth are dying Radio Dj's HELP stop playing so much D.M.K.M. Death Murder Kill Music...You get paid & they get shot :(
When you come to Mission Hills Community Garage Sale tomorrow, please drive carefully. Watch for pedestrians, esp children, crossing street.
Thx for these! Keep 'em coming RT : sweetbreads, chicken liver, lamb riblets and as a special some foir gras.
Boy I swear women is something else! I love them tho!
This girl better look good for me today, cus i ain't going to school for her ass.
Room. Ask megan.
so inspiring:)
Remember The Titans is on, this is one of my favorite movies <3
If you think about it, they probably invented the butt plug before they invented fire. Caveman, rock - you see where I'm going with this?
No Doubt!
I'm honestly so close to never wanting anything to do with you. You push and push
“Never let your fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.”
Bronco's will b salty if Peyton goes down this season, or retires in 2 years. What if Tebow becomes a Hall of Famer in NY?
Father of Zach Smith with talking about federal law/policy that prohibits Zach's name on Post Office designated in his honor
RIP Donna Summer (that was a artist who made real music that moved and still moves the soul)
in florida don't fire a warning shot, that's 20 years, kill them and u go home
I always thinking about Austin <3
being jumped by my hubby at 11pm last night #MasSexy !!!!!
ohmygosh. This is beautiful okay? congrats on the job on Thank you so much for this. I bow to you
Getting my wheels in motion with a ride/run this am. Love #cycling!
haha well he's not having a M&G and I'm not gonna stak him...ill be stalking BTR hehehe
I was so happy when i saw someday at christmas<333 omg your adorable lil voice<3 thanks for the album<33
Merry Christmas & Happy Holidays everyone! We love you all!
I love girls but they're impossible
This rain sucks. Just got back from Cancun, where it was about 85 the whole week. I would rather be back there with the swine flu than here.
deep breath. i will. survive. this week.
"Don't mind her, she's still upset because someone dropped a house on her sister."
RT SC's highway deaths reach 61 as of January 29, 2012, 19 ahead of last year at this time. Buckle Up! ~& pls stop TEXTING!
MORE THAN JUST YA FRIEND
Yea Busy by Lyfe Jennings Deff fixna be her ringtone fa sure.
You had me at apocalypse. RT : Content structure is core in avoiding the coming mobile web apocalypse
Lol, sorry for laughing out loud; but you just make me smile. Crank up the tunes in the afternoon when they are sleeping.
I made consuelo take my chicken meat off the bone for me. <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Lmfao who doesn't know hahahahaha. Jk we have a better picture then this. It's old but a pimp picture in my case.
Bradley Coops and his chic (forgot her name xD) ian somerhalder and nina dobrev and miley and nick though its over :)
Missing los #PremiosCassandra the Dominican Oscars... not a #happy one right now.
Only we offer you 4G LTE plus rewards! Get speeds up to 10x faster and get rewarded for it
But its only 11 AM tho..
here i am!
u r not lying
:)“: Alright na! I'm so proud of my baby she got Five A's and One B on her report card! #HonorRoll””
Hey, thanks for the RT, Kimmi!
El-P crashed Potholes
A beautiful day for Cinco de Mayo! How is everyone celebrating? - other than with a refreshing Rohrbach's beer, of course ;)
What's your favorite character?
Hey, thanks for the follow!
nicki minaj and lil kim should do a song together
Santa Claus has the right idea. Visit people once a year. ~ Victor Borge
That was awesome, thanks Portland friends and the Red Room!
Brandon with 40, April with 36, Nancy with 33 at the buzzer.
Not a revolution to overthrow a government, but a revolution to reawaken and reinvigorate a government to what always should have been. WSTR
Please add a #Seattle or #VancouverBC tour date! It's not fair. The West Coast shows are only in Cali & Canada is huge!
Are you feeling the 'blurred edges' of this new influx of Pisces energy - the new moon highlights a new cycle of vision & imagination power.
#ThankYouBIGBANG for just being straight up awesome
It's funny because I think a lot of it is simply
hell yeah... lol
Wrath of the Crows starring Directed by
#3day Only 3 miles left until camp.
I'm doin gr8. Had a gr8 turkeyday. Went shoppin yesterday. All around gd weekend so far. How bout u?
I can't just favorite everything you say, can I?
kenwood burning down?? O.o
we'll see. I gotta pull for my wife's alma mater and home town school.
I KNOW THAT SHIT KILLS ME ERRTIME I HEAR CRY ON MY SHOULDER AND HEARTBREAK COLLISION DANG BUCC GONE SOO SOON FUK AUBREY TOO..
they needa take it outside! Haha
there will be, now that we got rid of that ridiculous title! ;)
"she never falls in love"
Q4 gc's, wallets, socks, grilling equiptment, little electronic do dads and tools
i would say i'm 70-30 when it comes to topping. 70 of course topping.
I'm #obsessed with
One day, you’ll just be a memory for some people. Do your best to be a good one.
June 2. Graduation is June 12.
Interesting idea. Do you like yaml over, say, nosql key:value for portability reasons?
The Ads host Abbotsford in Game 1 of their playoff series tonight at the BC! Greats seats, only $10!
I am proud and honored to a part of your crew. I promise to kill it this Summer, just for you and
Any one kno Harry Styles, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, and Louis Tomlinson's twitters? -Maria
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own. ~Robert Heinlein
I know--so sad!
Yes!!!! RT : I love late night showers
#allrelationshipsneed 2 people that actually take the relationship seriously
At the Ransom Center! I'm still here till end of February.
Have you ever lived with a boyfriend/girlfriend? Did you do it for the wrong reasons? Or did it work out great?
Here in the movies with the family going to watch breaking dawn I can wait
Sometimes when I'm at home and Jenny's isn't here, I'll brush my teeth before bed.
Should be a good game though
I will! Hopefully nothing happens!
not sure how to share 6 hours worth of folk, rock, worship & rap. Nor should I...
How do you feel this morning?
It's feasible for there to be a dance with life, a creative response to its innate boundaries and concerns.
#whosgonnalose - Florida v Cincinnati - Cincinnati will lose
Temple Run is the most addicting game ever.
Natural abilities are like natural plants; they need pruning by study. Francis Bacon
R E M E M B E R - wen bitches wit $hort hair fanned their ponytails ! Gell it up so the back reached the top !
Fashion show trip tomorrow! :D <3
we all are :/ make some bullshit breakfast with stuff you have in your fridge then ha
The weekend officially starts at 5 when Sabbatic's Happy Hour takes effect: 2-4-1 EVERYTHING from 5-9! MKE's best Happy Hour! Also most fun
Laugh as much as you breathe and love as long as you live.
whats good world
SAMMIE RELEASED A NEW REMIX TODAY TO "You Da House" today!
Fire up some Color Me Bad. Pouring in Los Angeles today.
Have a Good day beautiful<3 :)
near Orlando and Beverly right??
't say that! I am still in the "happy" phase with mine. I hope it stays that way :-)
The achievements of an organization are the results of the combined effort of each individual.Vince Lombardi
bout to hit the bed!!!
it sucks!!
tits are always a great thing
Don't forget to check out bucjeyes101.com and chat with me on the game thread today!
“: oh sorry i said i like your hair” --- thank u luv
Cant wait for Ustream!!
one final failed. Two more to go. At least I dong get to see my bracket get raped
I took my inhaler last night.
no 22nd for now. We will have an event in january! And, on the 27th, if you want to stay posted, we may be in the marina!
#ThingsBetterThanKevinGregg Lee Evans' hands
never thought we have the last kiss...
loves her fans+she's the most talented female artist since Janis Joplin
I'll wear my Heat shirt <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
CRSS would like 2 wish EVERYONE A HAPPY EASTER, A HAPPY PASSOVER, and anything else that u ALL may celebrate!!! Xoxoxo
Will be doing a little celebration with the founder of tonight. Check out the new launch, "music for listeners"
I wonder if will ever notice and follow me):
Vince Smith from Scratchpads talking about Issues and his wish list at Content Summit
Bailey, Can you please follosw me? It'll make my entire day! C'mon! You know you want to make me happy! :)
I need a shoot of
Watermelon Arizona >>>>
HA. indeed. Enjoy whatever spicy awesomeness you make with it! There's a lot of black pepper in it, so it's extra sneezy.
#np Miracle Lover...I adore Joss Stone
Weiners a dick!
i can share what ones I recall from my neck of the woods.
hm, yOU'RE GOING TO SOUND CHECK IN VEGAS RIGHT?!
Know some amazing #YoungMinds? Tell them to apply now 4 a chance to attend Google in Sept! bit.ly/qpcMoM
Here we go #Brewers!!
the bloom is in her hat
wow lucky bitch!
Hello! Everyone make sure to follow our friends ! RT ": Just stopping by to say hello!"
how do I go about getting you to review/tweet about my app?
But Lithuanian teacher is speaking only a little bit in Latvian.
#avengers worth the hype & the wait. Amazing!!!!
just turned my TV on, The Nightman Cometh is on WGN!!!!
And I like my chuck's dirty as fuck.
I'll split one with you!
Some people hate on your vision because they don't see themselves profiting from it #KeepItToYourself and make it happen
": I know someone who'll never give up on me, who gives me strength, who gives me the will to live, God."Amen to that...
Stay tuned....next week we have loads of surprises for you!
takes longer to get ready than most girls do... #HurryUp!!
does anyone out there have student-worker management suggestions?
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of motivation.
miss you..
Yo nerd alert table left.
Anastasia Steele is an ungrateful, pushy mope. I'm really wishing this female character was more likable. 4 chapters left...
Pounding drinks like an asshole or what?!? haha
We need to stop acting like bitches and more like MEN with each other we're all brothers dammit
"Your Vision is My Vision, I Work For You!"
I'm a "you know what? Hey, hey, hey" drunk RT : I'm an "I love you, man" drunk. You?
So I just Googled "forty koozie." Don't judge
At the mall an im not having fun WHERE US when u need him he woyld make is so FUN!! U k he CRA CRA
in spirit you will be!
Its so good she call it SUPERDICK
Nice eve out with friends! Never fails-met ANOTHER Mother w/sad story who lost everything due to Ashworth.Doyne.Love.Sparta. Dad's $$$ win
We are glad too. ;) So glad you enjoy your ride!
#itsawesomewhen i hear that bacon sizzle
Come see us!
Snug Lounge show for this Saturday is cancelled. We will be in the studio working on the new album.
National Coffee Day? I better jump on some Starbucks asap!
yeah I don't think it's any of us though.
EXACTLY! So trend it!!(:
When people stare, ill pretend i dont hear them talk
feel better soon!
lmao, porcelain throne over everything
Happy Easter Vegas
Tomorrow is Primary Day! Get Out and Vote!
you should make a trip around Texas & come see me! Im in Houston! Not far(:
": still just didn't get into it like I norm do ..."season of idiots wasnt one of my favorites
Disabled car I-5 SB in Delta Park... Left Lane partially blocked... that ties it up back towards Jantzen Beach.
I need to write more
)': we can work out together?<3
he kept us in contention during the middle of the season when Neuvy was struggling bad
Oh, yes! That's the biggest difference between gifted & bright kids - get it done/get the grade vs, well, you know :)
#JerryMaguire----I feel so much like him. I had such a long day today and I'm tired. Please pray for me~BAMM THE JOURNEY OF A MUSIC PRODUCER
LOVE MY FOLLOW PROFAVOR Thank you for your
We think you should celebrate #MKEDay with brunch at VIA! Great food, great espresso and 2-4-1 Bloodies and Mimosas. From 11 to 3.
Obama in Albany boils down to "This success story doesn't happen without massive government investment."
You're welcome. Sounds like a great party!!!
The only gift is a portion of thyself. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Karl Ravech earns 456 points for admitting SportCenter is "paying some bills here" with extremely ill-timed "Immortals" tie-in.
Welcome to Monday, if you have not already done so, please prepare for the rest of the week. It will be a busy and productive week. Thanks!
Let's #Oovoo!
i know right at least someone agrees Lol its true!(:
best wishes for next season.. phoenix, suns!!!
coppers, warm browns, and rich jewel toned purples will make a huge difference! Also play with colored eyeliners!!:)
Thanks Girlay! You and Noah are the cutest!
So glad to hear it! We're giving out re-usable shopping bags to the first 1000 members - you can pick it up on your first visit!
True, I'm having trouble getting used to two columns for posts. Don't like bouncing back and forth.
Damn, I hope she goes right back to it on its course to the Artic, that'd be BA.
#webwise kids did engineering activity without chaperones' knowlege. Solution: put big sticker on kids, so adults noticed
I was the most lazy human being on the planet today.
A.J Pierzynski is on pace for 59 HR and 191 RBI. That is all.
when class features a clip from Freaks and Geeks, you're in for a good quarter. looking forward to YA services.
The average Blackberry is useless
Continuing to speak when others gracelessly interject can also be a helpful skill.
The Dominicks' out here are pretty good. I really like their salads and soups.
Any one out there know of any movie producers that can help me turn my book in to a movie? Tweet me pls!
Love me some NerdMelt! Pencil This In: 's 'Divine' Art Show, Xmas for Bukowski, a Book on Beck + More:
It's been a long day...and week, for that matter. Let's get this doubleheader started.
If you create a government to protect you from bad people, then the smartest and most able bad guys flock to be in the government.
The spirit of leadership needs to be seeding for it to grow.
THANK YOU for a wonderful book, full of heartbreaking stories. Let's stop this injustice together!
WATCH ALEX AND I GET INTO A FIGHT BECAUSE I ASKED IF HE WAS BUTT HURT.
“: Another second round exit for Kobe this year #timetoretire” smh
Hey do you mind tweeting #BeliebersGotSwag :D ??? :) please TELL ALL YOUR FOLLOWERS :D
Meeting at 630 with a marine recruiter... Hopefully this will help me decide what I wanna do... :-)
your bearlies r going down! Good luck this season.
RT : "I won't look back. I can go the distance..." –Hercules"
me too
sorry I couldn't be more helpful! Hope you get it worked out.
When I was little I thought Gary Carter was the fastest guy on the Mets. My dad told me he just played harder than anyone else.
Bodacious Broad party tonight......
do I hear a in the works???
up next!
gaflygirl is my google plus fanpage name.
Illegal Aliens...oh I'm sorry undocumented Democrats=are votes for Democrats, its that simple
any motivation works, hope you find something
ugh i'm so upset about blink 182.
Thank you!": Great #unSDCChi discussion. Very insightful."
Depends on your slant. I'm not interested in any more flaming.
Some intoxicated old man was making lewd comments & death threat threats. Reality tv will never be as interesting as a subway ride.
Chris Wilcox as Method Man, Iggy as Redman -- "How High 2" could work
New saints shit is crazy
Break time is over. Time for some focused writing. I hope to tweet later. Happy Friday, everybody!
Sunday NFL Ticket at The Anchor Bar. Come by for $7 Pitchers and $4.50 Pinnacle Drinks!
oh we had a awesome Saucer day
": I need a man friend :(" ill b ya friend
Back in the saddle after the holidays. Welcome to 2010!
Veal breast marinated in chermoula roasting away in the oven - my house smells awesome.
- video teaser only! sorry! Thes, Double, Kat & Eric came up with that one late one night in the studio for fun.
On way to office party to celebrate 's new redesign. On newsstands today!
sure, ping me!
Meetings this morning, ugh!
Today, 1st Sunday, we will be at Love Fellowship Tabernacle Church in Brooklyn with Bishop Hezekiah Walker giving the sermon
Calling cars "whips"
Why did I waste my time with yo ass
I love it when the traffic cops set up right outside our door. So entertaining. It makes the last 1/2 hour of the work day pass pleasantly.
Great match for Punk and Jericho but how do you build heat for a rematch. Seems lifeless now.
What business?
I have a nightmare with Sunday's CO 172.
What are you two up to???
goes to commercial during first IU drive. Let's pay attention techs.
So Dr Drew may think my affinity for older men is "a bit gross" but I am falling in love and couldn't be happier!!!!!!!! 8-)
'Out of Sight' just started on HBO. Sleep will have to wait.
american idol - its really getting close race to call
Of course. I certainly wasn't saying that all software is a differentiator; obviously not.
I know I have an addiction.
W.beyondthescoreboard.net naughty or nice: the have been naughty all year and their record shows it.
I've gotten that sometimes, I think just because of the piano thing. What made you say that?
Act of giving to disasters is an emotional impulse and need to be treated as such
Q for Gurry #GlobalINET - Is preventing me from sharing content I paid for w/ 2 friends more important than my privacy or right to use Net?
Wheelin and dealin at the SM farmer's market. Great to see so many chefs out today.
NESN is Experiencing BAD Technical Difficulties on UVerse in CT ;(
weird to not have anything to do on easter
I think I kame I down somebody plz tell me blunt steady screaming somebody help me Supa loud <f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+0080><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9>
Well Ryan Braun just hit his third ball out of Petco Park. Safe to say the slump is over?
yeah I'm so scared that she's gonna call my mom. I wish she freaking would!! Haha
sounds like a good day! :)
why would people be saying you hate Green Day? Green Day is amazing, just like Paramore!! :)
is having a video competition to win 25k for your business. Enter! Or help me with cool ideas for my video on why I should win!
#FF Get on his "good" list!
Now I feel like going on a walk. Anyone want to join?
Checked it four times, didn't notice the title.
It's game time! Time to kick ass ! :)
You are welcome!
most def... Let me know! Would love to get together!
Thanks to John Chowning at Campbellsville University for having me on "Dialogue on Public Issues" today. I enjoyed it very much.
Don't tap the mic. Talk into it. Sing into it. Rap into it. It's a mic, not a drum machine
tryouts tomorrow!
: You are all so great! We have our faves-now just making sure we get the green light from all!
It was 30 years ago today: Sing your favorite John Lennon lyric and remember one of the great artists of the 20th century.
Thanks for the RT! Will we be seeing you for this delicious event?
HO-LY CRAP. I just threw in a jalapeno in my Breville Juice Fountain.
Echofon is okay in horizontal orientation but awkward in vertical. Tweetbot has very intuitive navigation. Similar layout, tho.
dude set up a trap, had a hideout and everything. He's my idol.
work smarter, not harder () - you tell it!
Interesting convo political show this A.M. Barrett Tetlow & comment on party shift
Nearly home after a weird and wonderful trip to Mustique...
Thank u, that's in honor of the grandfather I just lost this morning! He was 88 & they were married 66yrs!!
And we love it. RT Sad the lottery winner had to be from #Baltimore, a Godless city filled w pot/marijuana crime & wharf hobos.
If you can't find what you're looking for, email or call -- both are on the website. I've got some updating to do.
hahaha that's probably the worst I've seen anyone get hit. He took it like a champ though.
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. – Vidal Sassoon
Been sitting here 25 mins waiting for work computer to finish installing updates. New version better be 3x faster and give neck massages.
Tough loss for Get focused for Saturday, still a lot of games to play. Proud of my boys!
Everyone please help me get to 50 followers ;) <3 PLEASE
honeslty yesterday was one of the best days (besides work) everything was perfect, we laughed :)
has Dante Calabria on staff!! My favorite college player growing up, he and the '93 Heels are what got me addicted to hoops!
We're across the street from all the chains at the Crossing, support local!
. For sure.But hands-on on a real project with real consequences (MUST build this for job). Doubt training camps will do
And I am !
God is getting me punk'd.
Aw thank you for the #FF! :)
Note to self: Just because the sticker says you can microwave the spaghetti squash, doesn't mean you should.
Even after a 10 year hiatus, you still have a ton of cred in Voyager-land, which may have contributed to your post response.
Skool is kool, hit class and get the cash
Tip 2: You have agreed on the time so don't arrive late. Being late sends a negative message.
RT ": good times, gotta do that again soon"<< For sure! #PunkRock DIY
As scientists we must always be prepared to talk about our work. Scientists use to be the most trusted people, now we're distrusted.
#Dadism You've got more *insert anything* than Carter's got pills. We're 5 presidents in but he's sticking with this gem. God bless him
“ “ My kids will be Athletes, believe that!””
"Clothing the World" - Quentin Skinner (Owner of New London Clothing)
Does celebrities know that it`s hard on their fans too when they get a divorce?
follow He is a winner!
it would definitely be pushing it!!
Feels good to come back from vacation and have auditions lined up!
haha what teacher
You think you might've gotten sympathy from the wife if you weren't doing the Eggs Benedict impression while on the ground?
Today my best friend is going to hit on the guy he likes. I actually remembered that everyday this week. Either I'm weird or a good friend.
I'll try to set up a little #LEWISDC field trip to Annapolis for some 3D printing fun :)
D: I'm afraid cause what if my prom "person" backs out and i'm avalible? D: your prom is May 18 though right?
Take care nigga.
Hey guys! Off to school in a bit! -Alana
#dh11 #altac #alt-ac Focus on slow sustained growth over rapid growth.
Worldwide- need females for 4minute self recorded dancing video for Pay is 300 to 600 dollars. Paid the same day via Western Union .
I gonna eat U......Loll
Thank you for the follow! Great work you are doing!
Back in Action for 2012 Election. All interested volunteers to spread the Progressive word in WV, contact me
OK HOMies! Off to Vegas to have our first rehearsals and pick up the drum tracks. Have fun today and let music be reason for it!
you should flashed them
its unfortunate but slow play is making golf less enjoyable at all levels. kid is clearly good, he'll get another one someday!
well find out and let me know !!
sure! Hold on.
Good night everyone
U don't have to, just help us spread the word if u liked it. Good luck w/ school! RT : I'm a broke college...
Nun dummy.
How about a tutu?
Nieves keeps working into trouble. A single and a walk lead to a sac fly by Harold Reynolds. After four complete, 4-1 Mariners.
those remind me of an after school snack :-)
I've been captured by a love I can't explain and now you have me and I'm forever changed. Oh God. I surrender my life its not my own.
I watched Casablanca twice last night. Is that weird?
when will we know who will be joining u guys on tour? Anxious about your EP! Any dates you can give us?
Recovering from last night's pre-Mifflin w/ this episode of You Made It Wierd with Harris Wittels.
I'm wearing my sparkly flats today, too! Seemed an appropriate 'Happy Friday' footwear.
Soo. Just. layin here in bed. Listening to ipod. - Trust Issues <3
Temple in Phili
yeah...that's like the only plus. Lol
she was readin a book by Terry McMillian and found it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY ! <U+2665>.
#SometimesIwonder how far I can go in the car on empty.
We on Baltimore's northbound Light Rail were a scruffier crowd.
chilling in the starbucks parking lot smh haha
cuz we are cooler than
sounds like a much more interesting morning than I had! :)
do I have to do something bad haha or something good
sum preachers be schemming though lol!!
Who else is going to the DesignSlam tonight? Want to grab a quick bite beforehand?
i love you more, twinnie<3
The Mystery of the Stubborn Boc Group | The Chemistry Cascade
You think the problem might be because he's balls are wet?
#Netflix is too addictive. Switching between #Reno911 #southpark and #theitcrowd .
GO FEAR!! We should look to fear as a friend; a seldom-used byway to help us discover, and then heal our limitations around success.
sorry you had to go back to Cali. I know its tough for you. Keep your head up!
thats wussup. who you working with?
Has a middle ear infection and tonsillitis. Awesome :(
The sunglasses
damn it! My clone has been revealed :(
I'll look forward to seeing you at the DFW Writers Conference. Please be sure to introduce yourself. Regards. Maya
IRA and 401(k) Retirement Drawdown: Just Tell Me What to Do!
Devils Martini Old Town Scottsdale Tonight 241 Drinks and No Cover DJ NYC bangin the beats...
Love the Gracie breakdowns. Please keep them coming.
TRUE friendship like love is unconditional, true friends never walk out, they stand fast and believe belief in another person
I would love to meet some of my opponents in Xbox in person!
#1DNashville let's go.
If you want to send it to me I can try it on adobe. i have everything on my mac. let me know!
Nice will keep u posted
versace shades no ray bans
I'm a crazy party planner. It's an illness. Trying to get it under control.
in a hour or two
Any #ExpressionEngine devs ever run into templates not being able to create text files in the template directory? then seeing a fileexists()
makes even a drizzly bus ride seem epic and amazing. If you don't own The Pursuit I recommend buying it immediately.
Hearts Natalie Merchant. Her 2hr 45min performance tonight was stellar!
What is going on in downtown DC today? K Street and 14th Street NW seem more awful than usual traffic-wise.
lol how do they expect you to get the money if your only 15 and can't get a job..
Follow Me!! Stop drinking. j/k
so golden and flow-y
Today's Lunch Feature: Dry Aged Strip Steak Sandwich on brioche bun, arugula, Truffled mushroom, caramelized onion & Brie Soup: Butternut
i was watching tv and nothing happened!
I hate dude lol
zero the senate or congress wont let them
coming tomorrow: a sneak peek of some of the amazing originals that will be in our booth during the Affordable Art Fair!
Hate the gym? You can burn about 200 calories during 30 minutes of active sex.
"Gateway Sexual Activity" bill, sounds like something right out of Bob Jones...
Ditto that one.
was quite excited to see the dogwoods blooming...just lovely.. would love one in my back yard.. hint. hint..
note to self: email The Vogue tonight!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Step one of stupidy: Realizing you're stupid. Step two of stupidy: admitting it. LOLOL. ~CLAPS~ <U+E41F>
You almost expect something like this from a Crocs/other dying brand... But Skechers? Come on, they have Kim Kardashian shoe!
Absolutely love it.
Gotta get back to reading with my eyes if I want to finish 13 REASONS WHY before my next update!
We'll wheel around a block of ice.
Thanks for the Twitter tool suggestions.
From ShootUsDown to #SaySomething he will ALWAYS be the same Austin Carter Mahone<3
Have a great turkey day everyone.
don't you mean sense?
You will fail.... exactly.RT : But if you don't adapt, you fail right?
thought moving to Denver meant no Eric Elkins in your life? You're wrong! My author twin lives there.
sup my love!
Good Morning!!!
ah I meant I say* not I saw. Haha oops. And yep, you are lucky to have one!
Danm i had fun downtown. me and Lup saw Nestor. maybe i will post some photosz later
welcome to twitter bffl =)
We thank you for attending our 30th Conference! We look forward to seeing you all a our #SLS2012 events! Check back soon for some photos.
A whole lot of fuck
my vague hipsterism (and thus collection of chunky plastic glasses) finally pays dividends. Good luck!
"walk and live, talk and bomboclat dead"
They are and you're doing great. You bring a handfuls of assets to the table. #canwestopnow?
I'm in love <U+2764>
funny running into you at Starbrew yesterday. Looking forward to the 16th
Just found out that my aunt died this morning. Please keep me in your thoughts.
TGIF! & first day of Finals! Get out of school around 11 today :')
Small-business loans on rise - Chicago Tribune
goodnight<33333333 love you
Someone new talk to me, I have no friends because I smell like a fat man's bowel movements.
Mandatory dance meeting my ass
WOW I didn't see Kansas beating Ohio State. Props to the Jayhawks. UK v KU for the title. Who ya got?
Rhinestones:) RT Enter to win $250 + a signed case RT Polka Dots or rhinestones? Cutest cell cases ever at
He better not tell my coach
The Velvet Lounge is open, with plenty of seating for all!
followback Is an Hot account related to Watch porn ;)
Honestly, after a few hours of playing while only hitting one button to beat down people, it kinda lost me.
are you okay?
i cannot wait to move. just a few days.
twitter surveys LOL
I'm DONE TALKING!
just don't go!
the man with the evidence ... are you sharing?
Yes, it does sound like Senator Geoff Michel is from Edina. He just needs reverb and spotlights
thanks brian!
So go ahead and lie to yourself and pretend that you're a ray of light when you're a broken candle
I can keep you warm in the clubhouse, babe ;)
I'm not saying Happy Mothers Day to my mum right now because frankly I'm not too happy with her right now. Or at most times...
So excited about our Cougar Town Party on Friday! Would love if you could make it. We're big fans of you & the show!
best single of the world "Million Dollars!" very good miranda ;););););););)
Today was awesome. Two reasons...
Why is it so hard to be yourself? Remember you are worthy!!!
The First Woman Presidential Candidate – “Notorious Victoria ...
#locksmith I primarily work with high security cylinders, MK system design, developing key control policies, access control (stand-alone)
haha yeah!! I've seen em live several times now but it just doesn't get old. :)
Not sure of accuracy-Do know 16 unfollowed me after a quote about movies/kissing a girl-Ah well- It Worked for Katie Perry!
RT : RT to recruit 1 MILLION volunteer readers, tutors, and mentors to get involved in kids lives!
Why have I been up before ten every day when I was here <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008E>
Swipe up on 'Me' to jump straight into DM's on redesigned Twitter
hella silent in this room
#DaveyHavok is here at #Swingers in #LA SO TIGHT~
Taking the wife and diminutive dolphin fanatic to Sea World for a couple days. See you on the flip side - with some exciting news!
RT : Aggressive Michael Saunders caught in 2nd steal attempt, but take note he is being very aggressive
Wind storm and a lot of dust = hard on the eyes
It was interesting seeing Anthony Edwards with a full head of hair
it feels like our team should be better
yep! let's go!! #oneantwo :D
did you get the ten and are you still coming downtown
yeah she is pretty good at that. She is just kinda copying alice cooper. But who doesn't?
#NP Both Of Us <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0091> Taylor Swift ft B.O.B <3
And that boys and girls, is why Craig Counsell is still in the lineup.
I didn't say anything about Carter... but alright.
Love the process of craft. Without passion nothing can truly find authenticity.
you GOT to look at my face all day.
:)currently awaiting to see my future love!.
I am a slow walker, but I never walk backwards. -Abraham Lincoln
Need 69 followers, but it only takes two to do it
Fox Chicago’s is covering the William Balfour trial LIVE. Follow her tweets for the latest updates.
Iraq, Afghanistan Vets Find Healing in Helping Wounded Warriors Five years after suffering a traumatic brain injury in combat, Chris Carv
Good luck tonight at brighton centre one direction! :')
good luck with that!
Who gives a care about crushes from school when you can fangirl over cody simpson and onedirection!
no problem. Thanks for sharing it :)
You do the same to me
check out new cosa nostra track by and myself.
I need a man who knows I can kick his butt, yet can still defend me whenever I need him!
RT : Jesus: Leprosy is a pre-existing condition (via )
Just ordered Leon Russell tickets online. He's going to be at the Brady April 14th for his 26th Annual B'day Bash!!!
and why haven't I gotten this video yet??
Looking forward to the finished product of
Check out my new blog site at brittanysthehelpinghand.blogspot.com
by : God love him. RT : Stephon Marbury is sitting on the floor in a bedazzled jacket and shoes that look like re...
What he said ====> RT switch over the NHL!
I love the AC unit
and he doesn't have the upper-body strength to get good positioning.
RT : Anyone get their copy of our new DVD/CD "Madness In Manila" yet?
we'd love to see you!
Fiesta Fridays in San Diego!
Following me will get you more followers!
Taking life as it comes is difficult.. I don't even wanna know what comes next =(
download it
is way better than jc. Shhh! Don't tell him(;
Yeah, he's batting .300 with nine homers. I'm pretty sure most couldn't do that at 18.
Wth? Every damn boxer is also a promoter tonight. Its like every rapper having his own record label
#Film productions spend $275 million and created 10K #jobs in #NC economy in 2012!
Um. just stated that "it's a poultry bonanza."
When are Believe tickets going on sale?
THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!!!
My smile, it hides EVERY pain inside me. </3
any way i can get my hands on that Gully Instrumental w/o the tag?
Last time the History Channel, next month the BBC. can't stop talking about tobacco in the 18th-century British world.
season 2 premiere on tuesday.
hmm that's hard <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0081><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
Hey suggest us to your friends on facebook and we'll post a new song :) once we hit 300 !!! Make it happen!
Follow --> We are committed to teaching a lifestyle of wellness empowered by fitness & nutrition
What Happend To JONASS On Disney One Day It's On Next Day Nobody Knows If Its Coming On Or KNows About It Please Reply
There is no #TheRealGSU debate. There is one GSU: Georgia southern, and then there is the little brother school who wants to be like big bro
is my new obsession. Great resource for finding substantive legal content!
Bhahah!!(: Yea soo what belieber base are you in?
GSN needs to show Match Game more often.
A Happy St David's Day to all our Welsh customers! Dydd Gwyl Dewi hapus, hope you celebrate in fine style.
woohoo! Happy Friday Danny
and do it again!!!!! Let's hope the judges agree!!
ONE WEEK. [commence intro to For Whom the Bell Tolls]
Hey, Don, glad you finally made it; although I'm a bit shocked it took so long.
let us list the ways brogrammers are losers... actually, let's not, we have other things to do today...
What about a good cocktail drink??? Any suggestion???
Hm, we'll blame it on the seagulls for now. Thanks for the heads up!
RT : JJ Raterink throws a strike to Marco Thomas... The pass sends Spokane off the field. Iowa defeats Spokane 69-63 in OT.
Dr Reisman is fairly hilarious & hits on many challenges w/CCSS in DCPS
New girl! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> #schmidtbaby if CeeCee has a baby I will scream!
Ohh, the symbolic timing of mother nature.
thanks for the follow seems like we have aligned goals! "changing the world one __________ at a time" :)
If you tweet 100 times in an hour or 1,000 times in a day you get jailed
I was born a dreamer.
Body feeling banged & struggling in math
Just hold on man. You have to go through the bad sometimes in order to reach to the good.
k, following you now
...lol that's cheating
One can often identify their biggest obstacle by looking in the mirror.
. Thx! Dickie white-washed you?! Oh, man! What a perfect #bullyname. My bully's last name was Butcher. Another classic.
I'm sick of getting my hopes up for nothing.
Thanks to Pastor Pfleger, Purpose Over Pain and Chicago churches for offering reward for the leading arrest for the murder of Darius Brown.
Im so proud of you
I vote this one!!
...If kid ends up not going to college, you could transfer the money from the 529 Plan to yourself & use it to pay for art school in Paris
RT : Ohio came in averaging more 3-pointers/ game than any team in Big East. Bobcats are 9-for-18. More than half their pts on 3s
Maybe .. code-block:: python?
Omg i just saw raoshon fagans aka 's new music video for disney channel anything is possible it was fantastic Retwwet this please
Sluts make me giggle <U+263A>
of course you can ((:
smh RICAN that's not good lol
Digging all the #newbrooks posts!
congrats! So glad I could help.
i was supposed to go con tu sabes. : ( I'm sure you'll have fun though. Sounds up your alley.
It make wish strong, like ox!
hha yeaah!shes sweet! and aah me too.you have no idea.me and the girl are raising money for him to come to our bday party<3
yeah what did it say? when they shut you down?
RT : Just saw a QR code at #SexTech2012. Has anyone else used QR codes to reach youth? What were the results?
Good Morning :D
Pretty disappointed that Mr. Zimmerman wont be here next year. *sigh*
When to that show,The Promise,at Lighthouse Christian Church in Fond du Lac, WI last night.Fantastic as always! The story never gets old!
Awkwardly, Gap confuses making the wrong change with thinking change is wrong. Boy oh boy is this exciting! Get riled, people.
great to bump into you and Wendy at Enjoy your seats outside. Btw, love your hair pulled back like that.
Blessings, Hard Work, Integrity, Talent, Is How I build my business and my Brand. I am pleased and overjoyed to announce I just received my…
#Iwouldtrade this cold rainy Chicago weather for some California weather!
Sometimes u just have to trust me
But they have voice controls now! This is new and exciting... Right???
Do this around Austin and te water table goes up 100 feet. : How we kill water-guzzling cedar trees ://t.co/0K5nE1xa
honey your taste scares me
Me too! Let's go into business together! RT Airlines, let it be known I would pay extra for adult-only flights.
Listening to the #whitneyfuneral on my drive. Ppl are speaking beautifully #rememberingwhitney such a powerful voice and beautiful woman
Love it!
Are you all ready for the performance on July 29?!? Who is gonna be there?
Ladies, what do you think about what has to say about women and #business relationships?
Conservapedia for one loves to call atheism a religion. But I agree with you; it's useful in some contexts. For legal rights.
oh my gosh, no. And dont put his name on here xDD
I really dont wanna do anything tomorrow not even go to school lol
that's sad..
Thank you for the RT of the Junco photo!
Just interviewed Mayor Davis with the one and only He says there was no double dipping.
House party remix, take you home, and str8 like that go to hard
Discussion of using crowd sourcing techniques and tools in ancient text and natural history museum contexts.
You rocked it tonight!
Learn why SMO should be part of an overall SEO strategy (SEO + SMO = Amplified Findability in the traditional and social web)
One student in a Grateful Dead T-shirt today.
LGA > ORD. Talk at Northwestern tomorrow, plus panel discussion with and
we do? Haha on what words?
Hey, I just got tickets for the play 1776! WHICH REMINDS ME...
hope your host offers the same service. Was it a WP or e-commerce site?
They showed this guys penis in this movie i was watching i had to turn it off so quick cuz i was watching it with my nieces.
One of my students when asked how s/he felt about his/her grade said simply "bad." now I do too. Maybe I am a bleeding heart...
Love? Did you hear how she stalked him?
i only got where i am by determination and guts...you can do it too if you put your mind to it
RT In Christ Jesus, the law of the Spirit of life has set you free from the law of sin and death - Romans 8:2
Excited to host Boeing, the multinational aerospace corporation today! Our girls will spend the evening with female engineers
Home from Alaska...Now, if it only felt like home...
Suz's playing violin at #livingsocial 's after-yoga-wine-bar on F St. come get enlightened, then drunk
I have wine
I'm the same NIGGA that fucked you like I knew ya, and will walk past you like I never did!
it looks like that tweet went through via tweetbot. Or at least that's what tweetdeck tells me.
Foot fetish?
Casey Anthony bought the Casey Anthony mask on ebay so she can blame "the girl that looks just like me" #blownadvance #itwasn'tme #heridea!!
strawberries are here
#KeystonePipeline cont. But, it's either do the right thing and build it, or get hosed by voters that put gainful employment above politics.
Money first God above erything
how about a hint... it has to do with water.
Booking shows for the #Momentum Tour. Know a promoter who wants to do a show? Email at
I graduated in 1993. Please forgive me for taking so long to respond; I don't know the ins and outs of twtr.
Remember when the #iPhone app for #Facebook worked? Me neither.
Thanks for helping to make it so fascinating! Great group, great talk, followup to come shortly.
okay :) we still have to do out day trip to the shore ! Don't forget :)
Calling it a night all sweet dreams :)
Viola Davis is a true class act. She looks stunning!
Bible Verse of The Day: It is Written, My soul, wait thou only upon God; for my expectation is from him. He only is my rock and my...
Done with Freshman Year <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Did you see The Help? The FFL is showing it tomorrow night at 630 as the second movie in our Award Winning Movie Series!
Very exciting for us to be here too! I've heard lsuch amazing things from #foodallergy fans the past 2 days!
The Lion King is on! The Lion King is on!
engaging talk tonight. One word: real. It was clear folks in ClairemontTC event were with u. Great storyteller!
follow back? :)
I just woke up super confused for some reason. Maybe because I never wake up this late...
it's not an interview, is it? i heard some rumors
Just go drive to like Cotixan or something... hahaha. are we LINKEDIN??! What year did you graduate?
the # of people im the mall is to damn high
The meeting of two blondes is a dangerous thing.
Im doing great I just made a puzzle out my ghostbusters shirt, i made no edges so it'll be really hard, thinking about giving
nevermind, no mistake. I still stand by my comment about sending out for more research though
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them
"...who Rangers were." -HA
Who u keep in it RT : Is it the smaller you circle is the less drama or is who you keep in your cirlce...think about it
Just fuck her like you miss her . C;
This might be a good case study for students on margin of error & polling - too bad I'm done teaching for the semester! :)
What April Fool's Day pranks did you pull today?
you guys are awsome the voice,guitar,drums and the other instruments. You guys are perfect
follow me plz my new twitter
time to take the racks off
are they bringing back football wives? i liked the show
We're not reporting any timeouts or downtime... where did you see this? Feel free to email support@ with more details - thanks!
Gunna make spaghetti & meat balls for mothers day dinner.
Love Aryz, his work is bigger then life, wish I could have made it to Richmond to see him work
We're trying to finalize our list for all the hot spots! Stay tuned :)
Big Island, Kauai, and Oahu
It's time. #ImagineDragons <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00A7>
Have some of you implemented oracle VM VirtualBox in your librarry....
Cindy Jones-Nyland joins Heifer International as new executive VP of marketing & resource development.
Today in 1940, RCA demonstrates Scanning Electron Microscope (SEM) for the first time.
SO DOWN BRO! #WeekendWarriors for the summer man!!!
You're the one who's been missing out on my brilliant tweets.
#touch tonight is on point.
bahahaha that's original.
140 characters... They can't all make the cut.
in my room. Family dinner here tonight. Not stopping him from lying there though
Rule 34 invoked: Vitamin Porn. "Those pills are just so BIG! I couldn't possibly swallow them..."
No snow just rain :S lol blah NY im not luving you right now.....
what happened to yall yesterday?
enjoyed our discussion. Will be fun to innovate together
Padgett Powell's most recent novel, The Interrogative Mood, is composed entirely of questions. Would you believe it is his birthday?
Teacher of the Year Prof.!!!!
Just like the alphabet, bitch. I come before U.
meetings with and in the next few days. Hoping to sure up some marketing and commercial ideas for ScanMan!
#BOYFRIEND is my most played song on my ipad! Love it! Follow?!X8
Extremely serious question. Anybody know Jason Segel?
there are rumors lakers want raymond and we want blake out there, I retweeted link which you probley have.
Will do! Will text you my Skype name once I set it up tonight. Have a great day xo
Gary Coleman Dead....? Whachaa talking bout Willis..!
L.B.Y.D = Live Before You Die
I need to learn to stop denying everything to myself.
has implemented even more spam controls to help guarantee quality registered users.
My hair is returning to red and my dad is gonna kill me but whatever I'm gonna YOLO it lol
Switch from cable to Directv and receive 5 months free! Call 1-800-39-3065 and use promo code 29055 to receive additional savings.
": We fight , we curse , we kiss , we hug , we make up , we text , we talk , we argue , we laugh , we smile , we love, that's us."
Not sure who came up with that saying :D When I see a splat of paint-ruining crap on my car I'm not like "Oh gee golly what luck!"
RT : Do something now that will make the person u'll be tomorrow proud to have been the person you are today.
on twitter men seem so different n wat every girl wnts to c in a guy they seem faithful but im not findin any guys like the ones i c on here
took me all day, but finally caught up on grading for my fall courses. of course more assignments will come to pile up, but
2 Months Left I Cant Wait, This Summer This Is Going 2 B A Gr8 B-Day Affair Thinking About That Cruise Hm
Paying too much for your phone or IT services? Visit us now and we can save you 30-50% on your costs. This service is strictly for 501(C)3's
is it happy hour yet? this day is going way too slow. meh
Week 3 4A and 5A Top 10's are now out. A new #1 in 5A. Find out who at www.ispn.tv
There is a religious exemption from individual mandate in the health reform law.
-|!-|_ G1 CERTIFIED WET TSHIRT CONTEST --- FRIDAY CLUB DRAMA --WANT TO GET IN FOR FREE?? TXT ME I WILL TELL YOU HOW---214 609 3316 --
You should've had it!
Hello Tiffany, I know somebody who can help you with marketing.
Waiting to hear if our offer on a lovely rental property in the UK has been accepted *bites nails*
Many things to get done before I leave for Texas tomorrow
lol im learning other things but those are the words I wouldnt say.
No, the abuse/auditions/Puck's exam episode. Songs and plots are just the worst.
We're in the midst of planning the WORLDS LARGEST SIMULTANEOUS FLASH MOB. Just send an email to for more info!
i wish i could find whoever elbowed me in the nose that one soccer game like 5 years ago. it's been crooked ever since thanks to them -__-
why the hell did my parents have kids if they can't even handle them.
The condom is the glass slipper of our generation...
Love you to!
is my new best friend- thank you for posting about my new vintage design blog! :)
thank you. It was great to meet you and celebrate the success of your book.
Tweet me :)
thanks for shopping! Hope you put the socks to good use!
yay! Good to see you yesterday!!
It's the weekend!!! Happy Friday to all. Don't forget to relax and to take care of your body :)
New clients listed toward bottom. Easy to get lost on such a text-heavy page. 'Member when all sites were just text?
- Rondo, CP3, D Rose, T Parker, Even J Lin when he was there!! Penetration kills any team. U know that!
did you know the boy that plays Cato is/was an abrecrombie model?
Gonna bum it to school tomorrow,
I definitely did
Think GnT:30 may occur 15 minutes early today ...
hungry...need a #vegan sweet treat
Looks like a useful and compelling book! I've already put in my pre-order. :-)
and that is awesome about PT school! Are you looking into going to St. Aug?
Looking at today to help me with my cover letter!
Haha good call!
voting for Lugar one last time makes more sense than for someone that has been endorsed by folks who have come across as ignorant zealots.
I want some cinnamon toast crunch
“ Ladies don't start fights, but they can finish them. –Marie (The Aristocats)”
Ryan Hollins What Else can He Do!!
I got 88 suck in my head
Why am I not following the Architect of the Capitol on Instagram? They're at USCapitol!
Stuck on research or having problems? #AskAQuestion We’ll be on chat from 8 am to 11 am and 6 pm to 9 pm.
You gonna look her up?
Ever wonder why we make up the voice our pets would have if they could talk?
Of course. Definitely one of the coolest posts on startups I've read before.
It's never too late to start exercising. Make it a priority and you'll never regret it
so i am unfollowing alot of my followers; my timeline be looking sick!
#Chargers-Dolphins officially will be blacked out in San Diego. 6, 500 tix remain
having a great day! Thanks for the b-day wishes ;-)
you not gonna slap NOBODY
Some men succeed by what they know; some by what they do; and a few by what they are.
Oh, u most certainly will draw a cat for me very soon...been figuring out what I want. : ) Thanks for following me! U rock!
Haven't been around that many kids since kindergarten! Good food, good company! Next time I cook & deprecate!
It's crazy how a life can change overnight.
We probably won't announce a number until post-game
Submitting tonight. :) JIT!
Canelo has been bloodied!
Bet the phonies will wear yarmulkes.
Awesome! We can't wait to see your smiling face :)
karaoke Friday!!!!
DING! DING! DING! DING!
why does OSU get such favorable treatment from the refs? It really is blatant...and frustrating.
nice car and nice rims... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0083>
Wilco: Sky Blue Sky : If #phish was playing tonight, what album do you think they would cover?
it wont show me on my phone cause i have low battery. So i'll see em tmrw
HaHaHa!!! Good luck and can't wait!!!:)
meeting tonight at 7 in MGC 203!! come join us to hang out and discuss how awesome #SLS12 was!
May day rally passing through Broadway. #wearethe99%
ROB REINER HOSTS THE 2010 ASMAC GOLDEN SCORE AWARDS honoring composer MARC SHAIMAN Call 818-994-4661 for details...surprise guests!!!!
Right there with ya! This feels like June's market!
Don’t miss it. #Sting at the Nob Hill Masonic Auditorium on Friday (12/2 – 8pm)
A truly rich man is one whose children run into his arms when his hands are empty. ~ Unknown
Leaving Chicago ORD to Dublin. Eventually to Glasgow for
There r hard times worst times & really good times &I always say live ur life like it is ur last & always look forward to the good times
Alabama hot weather and black jeans don't mix.
I hope it's not too serious.
That seems a bit too extreme to be believable, but I can respect it.
yep you
This carpet is really ugly Whn u look at it close
Working on putting together stress-busters for students in the library during finals week. Possibilities: therapy dogs, yoga, free coffee
I'll *try* and wait patiently. Nitrous is looking very nice BTW!
That Kid Everyone Calls By Their Last Name
#Republicans in Putnam County, vote Parsons for sheriff.
Your pizza dough went out with the mail today. Have a great Monday!
I keep getting invited to parties this weekend, but I won't even be here
sure hope to see you playing in the Blue and White with Kentucky across the chest.
Ready, Set, Go!
what's yalls favourite song by Drake ?
What a beautiful day! Perfect for our Orchard Salad topped with crisp pears, apples and Green Goddess dressing.
#BuildYourFans A great day is yours to have. Don't give up your peace and remember to laugh!
Why are you such a whore?!
Canon spent $10M on their announcement, RED spent $450 and the rest on their camera. Which crowd would you rather be hanging out with.
okay we will be there :-)
you are my dream guy and someday ill say i do to marry you and lay a million kisses on you C:
#McIntireParkEast Concept 1: golf, garden wrapping around McIntire Road Extended, pool moved north close to Melbourne road
you sound awful. Hope you feel betters soon!
I'm afraid my loyalty to the Sharks leaves me no choice but to cheer for whoever wins the East.
Two years ago today how my life was compleatly different! Cant believe how much can change in two years! Its truly amazing
Damn then I gotta take a trip out to scarletts then
#ThingsPeopleDoThatGetOnMyNerves send me forward message
Just finished season 4 of The Wire. Damn, Luis. Damn, you were right.
just watch it!! :P
WOW is an amazing guy with an important story to tell about and
Man y I gotta be the early all the time. lol!
RT Lovie Smith and Julius Peppers spotted at the #Bulls game.
You don't have to be monogamous, but if you say you will then you should. Or just don't say you will. Either way. Don't lie about it!
So fun watching former Badger Greg Stiemsma find his niche with Boston. Stiemsma: 4 pts., team-leading 6 rebs., in just 10 min. for Celtics.
Just walked in. Laying on my couch. Good morning!
Not all skinny girls are cute,,,And not all big girls are ugly...
Mirror Mirror on Da Wall Who's The Finest Man Of Em All? Dats
Last class of the year. Wish I could take all four of my tests right now and b done
that's what's up....ahaha
i love Joshua's microphone!!
Looking forward to shoot this coming fall 2012. Anyone has a low budget horror short film? Hit me if you do. Thanks
Awesome sauce. Finally sitting down after a long day. Lots of chores done. Good to have things in order.
Greenwich Mean Time. It's the only sensible compromise.
Free Online Promotion For Musicians And Music Venues! We just added Esther Haynes to our site WOW what a voice! What do you think?
The dyslexic theorist suffering insomnia is still up all night pondering if there is a Dog
BEAST MODE BRIAN, BEASTED ANOTHER BRODY DUDE...
so true “: "every time we think we've got it all figured out we find a another peice of the picture"
can't wait until 2013 when fascists blame the deepest depression ever on a one-term President after the 28 previous years of deregulation.
I just saw that Mets message...and I'm still crying. The pain!
Fireside Magazine PDF looks fabulous. Can't wait to read--will wait for paper. Good job!
“The virtue lies in the struggle, not in the prize.”
Twitter is just a brain with 300 million random thoughts streaming all at once.
Being a non-trasitional student has definitely been an experience. My kids want to go to college already!
Good night twitterverse. Tired
Thanks for the follow, returning the favor and looking forward to your tweets.
then she gone be like my bank roll all big headed lol
My stream has been taken over by a
Chelsea for massage and drinks
Wd love to see someone address page limits vs labor as constraints for jrnls. Does scholarly quality *require* exclusiveness?
Don't go anywhere, because I love you.
A the football game(:!hope we win(:
Followed you back!(:
What would you like? #berightthere Happy Birthday!
its true I always skip them
Trying to get my kid's band to play White Stripes, "Seven Nation Army".
June 11th will be one year since our first #ProjectAcceptance photoshoot. :) I can't believe how fast time flies!
“: Happy Birthday!” thanks :)
Okay, now the drizzle has turned to rain. Goodness we need it.
Hopes you can come to UVa chapel at 7 to hear live organ accompaniment to Lon Chaney's Hunchback of Notre Dame!
-- El Salvador. This year. Me and you. Popsicles.
RT my post about donating for Pembroke Circle :) Le please!!
you still awake old lady?
How come every time I mention Justin bieber in my tweet someone mentions me saying "want Justin to follow u,here's how".......:/
GNR! RT Your debates so far? Meh. RT : Feels good debating sports early in the AM with people.
Going to Jazz & RIb Fest this weekend? Stop by the Vote For Columbus Booth and sign up to volunteer. Only 8 days until the election!
The challenge is routing - comments on taxon x matter to lots of people for different reasons. We should all chat.
lady at DMV told me my license expired in 2006 I was like no way
Thanks to our new followers! , , , ,
Electric Approach has the place hoppin!
At Grandmas(: . Church LAter
Oswald Chambers' devotional is awesome today. "Is my primary goal to please God or is it something less, no matter how lofty it may sound."
Who are your selections in Race 11 at Churchill Downs today?
Kaittt call me ( i miss you)
And he did, too!!!
You like deals? How about ½ off select appetizers til 8pm? Plus $5 absolut cocktails (ALL flavors) See you soon!
If had a #fashion tracker, I'd be fouling (same exact outfit last yr today). To Arlington! Big Q: hat or no hat?
A man had the hiccups during waking hours for 68-years. It's estimated that he hiccuped over 500 million times
Class #2111 enjoy your golden week.
Thanks, chica. Have a good one!
NFC EAST DIVISION CHAMPS BITCH GMEN
no...arrive too late at this point, should be dry most of the day
still up with my broski jazmen :D.
"Cult of Personality" guitar solo has to rank Top 10, no?
The World is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page.
want to talk with an EMAC MA student? Try (could go on)
big DAY
Thanks for sharing my taxonomy article!
Great discussions at the Governor's Education Symposium around all facets of ed reform. I am proud Indiana is on the cutting edge!
& Then Kenyon Dumb Ass Got Suspended Today .
will Melissa Leo swear like a drunken sailor again???
Listening to 's takaways from SXSW. Catching up on what I missed.
So bored :/ Dm me?:D
do you go to mount rainer and knew a girl that danced at allegro performing arts acadmey
Happy Birthday !! xoxo
Been playing so much World of Warcraft I'm sitting here on Twitter with my fingers hovering over WASD.. smh
Its wasnt even me! ahaha PRANK DIAL! :)
Oh, it's National Pie Day and I ate a slice of pie instead of dinner. My timing is great, unless it is Pi Day and I was supposed to eat 3.14
Do you know what I don't care cause my grandad is more important at the moment
good luck my love :)
nope but must add to my watch list
Thanks so much for the RT!
I need more followers tho.. Dang!!
She talk shit... Hurry grab a plunger!! Lmao
tweet me maybe<3
During the female orgasm, endorphines are released, which are powerful painkillers
Thank you. I think we'll be okay - they're not due over until 4, so I'll have time tomorrow to do stuff. I hope. D: D:
hold on~
True but getting there seems to be taking forever!
Kinda cold at the park.
Thanks so much for coming guys! Can't wait for our big busk dinner/meeting.
Daily harassment of office Red Sox fan? Check.
Making an instagram for Bryant was probably the worst decision I've ever made. >.< *face palm* lmao
Our work is built on the underpinning that the key to prosperity and accomplishment in today’s demanding global marketplace is best achieve…
was probably the one who delivered the Pizza to her
Happy birthday
Just walked past & team is still working hard at their desk.
fake people go fly a kite tht is all im saying honey boo boo # no fake people
Uh oh...the smell is wafting. is hovering. What scum. Get a job!
Sorry for your loss. Love the site, great job.
It's a different world. The internet changed everything.
City Center Tenants, be on the look out for Twitter contests!
Just want to give it the proper respect. Not to worry, alarm set for 40 minutes early so it can be watched & discussed in the AM.
I attended a really fabulous fundraiser yesterday evening for #breastcancer. They served #ostrich #tacos thats a new one for me!
Big thanks to
Had a wonderful date with and a yummy #latte at
Glenn-I am not a Ravens fan but sucks b/c Suggs is a guy I like to watch. Talks the talk but walks the walk. Osi Umenyora?
Haven't tweeted much lately, so here's an update: Merch is on its way, recording in two weeks, and a couple new shows lined up.
Thanks for the retweet Mr. Tea!
Where can I find a right summer jumpsuit??
want to know who's getting drafted next? just watch what the real bloggers tweet right before as still available SKC targets...
Nostalgia = Driving past OSHS at 3:20, waving at Bobby Monday, listening to Every Rose Has a Thorn, going to get food at a gas station.
i hate you all your moms a whore.
u should txt me!!!:)
hello may! 47 last friday! all is okay!
I need a drank... (Thinkn to myself) Maybe I hav problm!
That was fun:)
Well I guess it's NBA playoff time
Are you talking to yourself on Twitter? Should we be worried?
It's got hot sauce as a wing men.
church in the morning .
What a great way to start the morning, 1st cup of java and a shower to folow using ped. pal foot scrubby "WD, as in won't do w/out my coffee
Lebron James officially wins his 3rd MVP. No surprise.
that's Seattle for you. You never know
awww I love that feeling :) I get it every time I see Zach! He just makes my heart flutter and idk how to describe it lol
I'm sleeping naked tonight.
lls its all gone : /
lol that funny
I'd make the pun again Helen highwater.
If I ever have to use the phrase "that's the pot calling the kettle black" to you then you need to scram out of my life!
M alfredo blt pizza is so good
Change the changeable, accept the unchangeable, and remove yourself from the unacceptable. -Denis Waitley
Yes!! RT : I am the presentation. My slides are just my visual jokes.
Stay thirsty my friend.
I live in ny. Wanna come over to my housee??
Superb Quality
#NYGiants get the ball #specialTeams making the difference!
The Tigers are looking good but let's address the fact that we have issues with Fister and Scherzer. Glad we are winning!
haha. Hey lady!! It's been a while. How goes it? That can be arranged. ;)
How do the same people who defend the sanctity of marriage as being between one man and one woman stand and applaud Newt Gingrich?
4am and I'm on my way to JFK. Next stop Honolulu and my new home. So excited!
King of Queens or I Now Pronounce You Chuck & Larry one of your faves? See Kevin James tomorrow at the Palace Theatre!
Wednesday's Words of the Wise: "Work is the curse of the drinking class. " --Oscar Wilde (shout out to the 99%)
mT : Twitter is my teacher's lounge. Inspired educators with engaging ideas.
a hit song!? what's a hit song?
My imaginary girlfriend just stabbed me to death with a fork. It's my own fault for being so imaginative.
ok love, well be good, have fun on your trip, thanks for being a gentleman as always xo
is tearing it up this year, lions may make noise in NFCN. Can't let hometown talent like that escape #hawks #nate>housh
you ever hear the saying "a judge is only as good as his breakfast"?
MACK GONE B LIVE ALL SUMMER BELIEVE DAT
Same here, spent the afternoon w/ mom, sis and grandma... now I am spending it with my own kids (the furry kind) lol
Bitch, I didnt change. I grew up. You should try it sometime.
Awe thanks! it was fun!
how the hell am I a whore! Do you actually know what a whore is!? Because I'm deff not one!
I should have stayed in bed today.
Nothing wrong with standards, nothing to be persecuted for.
creepin on my tweets, I see. ;)
I need to write this story about the moratorium on water-bill home seizures.. but I just had a thought so I'm putting it out there
RT : I think we should take religion out of sports and put it back into war where it belongs.
2. you hardly ever tweet anymore like really
Golf on TV is 100x's more interesting when is playing, and even more so when he's in the lead.
I just walked n on 2 birds havin sex in Gibralter lol they was sqaukin like crazy lmao
I.don't think so Its not the money my teacher said I.have to come Friday for my test I can't take it on wen :/
RT : LOVE what I am seeing on Satellite. Clouds will continue to clear we will get the sunshine later this afternoon then...
I love U and John! Happy New Year! NERDFIGHTERIA!
Also, Elaine Stritch needs her own hastag.
"I can't swim. But I'm down for a waterbed."
YES! Been one of the biggest requests today. Listen for it during the 5 spot and thanks for tuning in, Lauren!!!!
it also has alot to do with what circles you run in. I've rarely seen many black women chillin at dragon con for instance...
#WeWontWork if your shoes are wack
And I'm the one that's changed. You sat in the car for 30 minutes. And didn't say a word to me.
#yee I've been waiting for this all day <3
I've not stayed there yet! I hear it's nice though!
in 13 hours ill be packing my car for a few awesome days with #TCIE for finals. sad but happy. nervous but hyped. bring it one WGI
Mason <3 purr
Woohooo! That thing is just dead sexy.
When school's in: "damnn it's Monday" When school's out: "damnn wtf is today?"
/stel412 new music! LISTEN LIKE AND RETWEET!!! PLEASE CHECK IT OUT ITS REAL MUSIC!!!
isn't that what delivery people are for? Lol just saying ha!
Writin' with my director session - work out session - writing again session. avocados maybe. who knows anymore. my days are so wild.
#dunkoftheyear Ok I can't say much bout this one.
IUG folks just made my day. A lovely librarian I've never met just CALLED me about my ? on the list. We didn't figure it out, but how nice!
Damn Ahaha , Annoying woman gets slapped in the face while singing. (who you finna try): via
Thank You Kim!
The 2nd bus comes at 9:40 just so u know..
I think I would encourage anyone who is having difficulty being stuck in the friend zone to watch like 3 hours of TV for women.
Join local author Carl Fisher for an American History: Snapshot at the River Park Branch on May 15th at 6:30 p.m.
omg in like literally crying I'm so happy, thank you so much <3333333 :')
screw it. i'll just buy myself chocolates for Valentine's Day.
hey, hello. love tilt and am gonna be back in LA this summer, hoping to catch some echo goodness with ya'll.
health. finance. These are foreign subjects to more than should be.
I wish they could bottle up inspiration!
RT : Daily Giveaway: Send a tweet using #RawnatureBodyTreats for a chance to win an 8 oz jar of my new Buttercream Body Wash.
500 Days of Summer before we head back to Miami!
excited for the show tomorrow night!
Ah I want a bunny so bad :( geeze how I miss my old one! :)
Out with my girls tonight. (-;
so you could stop and say hi! :) :)
Long distance relationships suck! My room is to far away from my kitchen...
Amen to that, my Dad was part gray by 23...I'M 23 OMG lol
Manhattan or Allagash? :) RT : Planning a #sactweetup & would be honored 2 feature your favorite cocktail or beer.
Some things you just have to do yourself and when you do! You will feel so proud over yourself! that's why I'm doing it!
Justin justin justin i love you so much i wish i can see you one day
yup :D
They change the schedule this week and next week and the days go by so fast omg
If ur thinking about someone else other than the person you're with you shouldn't be in a relationship then
looking for the best and most reliable web hosting company.
Presentation Training: be aggressive about your products and what you have proven they can do. Make me wish I had thought of that.
Welcome back! Looks like a beautiful icy Mars
Soon as a get these.couches in here on Saturday its on
you guys and carl come over to swim.
Im going to tweet Rondo with a 3 because this may be my only oppertunity to do so
I'm up bae
You know what, it's really great to have such a great friend like ! Thanks a lot! <3
I made it!! Officially checked in to my new temporary home. Thanks Air force. (:
Look... It's pretty simple. The brew crew can't lose to a team whose catcher has a neck tattoo.
Glory to God! So glad you like them!
There are way too many hot girls in short shorts and boots at the Bean Bag for a Tuesday before 10:30 a.m.
we're using is for Tis Pity - it's ruhl nice
#Eco tip! 70% of the energy used in a load of #laundry comes from heating the water? <
for my $ Matt Barkley, Sam Montgomery, Jackson Jeffcoat, Jarvis Jones, Robert Woods, and Star Lotulelei Are elite prospects
You cannot beat a roulette table unless you steal money from it. ~ Albert Einstein
Can't wait for today to be over, ready for time with my son!! And the gym, then coloring Easter eggs!!
What if it's worth it?
Thanks for the love!
"what if adele did a cover of big girls dont cry"
The Hawks' coach does not seem like a confidence-inspiring sort.
Shouts out to everybody! Especially You!
Phil and Keegan Nail birdie puts. Bill has to regroup now!
A reply from one of you is all I'm asking or a follow? I love you all so much! Please?<3(:
Had this been an actually emergency, I would push you out of my way
Great Noel Gallagher show last night in San Diego. As good as Oasis in Nottingham, England in 2006? Maybe.
Thank u very much
alright well stay strong
We are okay (just a little sleepy), but the car looks pathetic :/
love all my t-shirts! Fits perfect and designs flawless- recommend to all :)
you guys are so embarrassing!!!! I hate you! -_-
You are most welcome! Have a wonderful weekend!!
neither am I. and U know ur still mad at me.
Man being calm when you stressed is easier said than done.
Made my debut at Sunset Station with Cruised to a win & a shopping spree afterward. His and hers watches!
RT Awesome! RT : Proud to have voted twice for the SAG-AFTRA merger. Have you voted yet?
Newest spa to join us, , we are so excited to stop in and get a facial there!
LP: Thinks next great movement is of people who see faith not as a cudgel, but as a means to help others
Threw up all over the bar last night
Shopping in Paris would probably be king
Not to alarm yall, but I dominated a 4 page paper in under 2 hours. I'm getting a little too good at this whole procrastination thing!
Amazing. Traditional humans have taboo about eating carrion. Probably because we kill and eat whatever we want.
Sweet! See you there too, Mary! #riseaustin12 cc
Long live Rock 'N' Roll! - Dave Grohl getting cut off.
hey, did you see what the other faggots were saying? I mean isn't that why you were piling on?
Hi Bronwen. Great to be connected with you.
RT : What department is primarily responsible for content? 34% say "it's complicated." You bet it is.
"somebody said that you was looking fa mee" HERE I GO...lol RT : Where is ??
Ditto Dr. Pepper
Well a beautiful day here in Ocean City, NJ. USA. I am getting ready to go to work. Have a great day everybody
cant wait to go home next week.
: what room is the pinterest session in?
I was born like this~
Anyone have any articles/thoughts about identifying work that you're passionate about?
sent me a follow request. I'm honored....still to this day...THE BEST MTV VJ.
you and the all caps lol...
Happy Birthday !!!!!! It's been way too long since we ran into each other. Need to make that happen again. :)
Watching Sunday night football (GO PATS!). Then resting up for the big day tomorrow...
#nowplaying Survivor by Destiny's Child. Because Ma Royle's name is Destiny and I love to watch Survivor.
IN Quotes: "Done is better than perfect." Facebook Execs
what's that
“: And I'm in Montana.... Next state/city preeez. you boys should be here.” gurls gettin around!!! ;)
wish I could retweet that!!
&#9822; Protect your Liberty
Thanks for the RT!
After I am done with her I am going to let him know that allowing someone to take up 30 minutes of an hour long office hours is not ok
lol its alot wronq wot that if u get what u asking for then wats the joy of fighting to get what u want >>>>>>>>>
Happy 25th anniversary!!!!! ^.^
Oh, my filthy-mouthed Yankee girls... how I have missed you.
It is nice to have evenings like this.
Sorry had a Twitter hiatus. Whatcha been up to? Please respond in the form of a haiku
drink wine...live longer...period.
We should all tip our hats to Ted Turner for lots of reasons; yours being only one.
Well that is just ridiculous. Isn't it even earlier there? That shit cray.
I don't know much about Yemen except the drone stuff...but it's on my list to get smarter about...so many countries! ;^)
I have 4 simple goals for my trip to India (this time):
I write because wonderful books make me feel ALIVE! I hope to create the experience that other writers have for me.
Happy Halloween! It's the ghost of del rey back to haunt you!
so do I!
#SWED!! on it's way.
Hey Scott, thanks for following me, looking forward to getting to know you better, who knows? maybe we can work together??
I be like shut the hell up
What's your favorite book?
the Carolina's are my home !
where the parties at ?
You listen to Star 100.7? You amaze me more each day... ;)
holy crap that's a lot of smiley faces...
passed my drive test! :D written test tomorrow, then i'm free to drive! :D
so i'm guessing tickets aren't even available yet... haha
Go Giants! RT : Grilled cheese on a GIANT bun!!!
|THX FOR THE SHOUT OUT!
try to fake three laughs in an hour - ha ha ha ha ha - they'll take you away, man
it's an up and coming trend. “: I wonder how many people r using to discover hot widows #NYTD”
what's the deal w/companies like crest toothpaste saying "follow us on twitter!" in their commercials? who's gonna do that?
Boundary Block Party Sat 5/12 celebration to build a unified and empowered Central West Baltimore 1-4 pm Pennsylvania Av at Presstman
AWESOME!! Good luck!! So happy you get to act AND SING!! HOORAY!
Don't you just love morning txts?!
I'm going and you better love me when I'm the only one belting out All the girls in Brooklyn <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
Morning Rockstars! > Dreams seldom materialize on their own. - Dian Fossey
Friday's edition of GhostWalk was a "haunting good time!" Tours continue 2nite starting at 6:30 p.m. Call 317-873-4900 for tix!
I mean if there are 8 fac half won't talk to each other/some may not serve on committees with certain other fac
How are you? You going to see Kimberly Gordon tonight? I might need to get some "air" and get up there for a set or two.
Johnny Carson on American Masters. The hammer and how to swing it.,
what you doing.
Well it's hard to win when your starter gives up 7, but at least he made it to 6 innings, regroup and come back ready for tomorrow #O's
Hi ! Hope to see you soon!
sadly we didn't get to see the rest of the game. Lame.
No, but I have no response yet to a support request for a hacked account at work -- a worthy nonprofit, please advise
Yes, I am just as much looking forward to Moonrise Kingdom as I am to Dark Knight Rises, why do you ask?
RT : Great to see Ann from at #isngen...we re proud to support #citizendiplomacy and
stop tweeting.
Find my tweets. Follow
Looking forward to a week with almost no meetings. Might actually get some work done.
Real Talk . Hope all is well.!
as long as you are not using the word "rape" metaphorically, I approve. Go get that 1M stack!!
Thanks for the follow
Wanna take your salon to the cloud? Not sure how? Don't have time to figure it out? Call us up! Go to www.geniustream.com
Oakland, ha ha.
RT : Keep going u'll arrive at happy!
great night with my buddies
Two blocks from my old apartment! RT Weapons Raid in Eastlake Reportedly Turns Up Grenade Launcher and Meth-Making Equipment
Your in the diver seat and God is Google maps!
drink, drink, drink!!!
Major Payne on BET ! get on it or get lost
drinks are good, atmosphere ok, ladies restrooms , disgusting despite their warning sign........
Sounds like a good time to me!
Does your son or daughter have difficulties expressing thoughts clearly? See our website: www.childlanguagespeech.com
We are #thankful for as well! What an amazing job you do and so great to work with!
very understandable
Ok life, do you think we're ready to quit smoking? I think so.
another full day at the studio, some interesting sessions this week it looks like...
Most active online users are researching health issues: John Mangano
"Rolling in the Deep"? Is she saying she has a gunt??
just saw youe husband! gave him my parking pad :-)
Thanks for coming out!
THIS TRAFFIC IS A MUTHA F*****!
What's wrong with fpi? They had banned lady gaga , but y r they still complaining ?
Hot Snakes tonight! Who's going? This guy!
Only got 3 hours of sleep last night. My iPod is my little friend that's keeping me up. ;)
Don't try to "convince" people to tweet if they hate it. Build a rock star team who enjoy using social media.
Thanks for cheering them along! RT : Congrats to EVMS class of 2012! So excited for 's new intern class!
Postbox for Mac is awesome. What do you think?
Ill upvote that.
asked someone to make me a new email address. they make my password "bugeyes" ..me: really? i have bug eyes? them: that's not a bad thing
Ah, let's see...how bout ALL OF THEM!! :) RT : so, what's your favorite song from my cd Dream With Me?
Loved your delicious energizing black tea today Thanks for having organic coffee/teas in Vegas :)
great meeting you too! I'll be in touch soon!
Gonna be a huge month!!! Spring break '12 in Panama city and Ultra '12 and less than 2 months till 21.
Fake Can Be Just as Good - Blonde Redhead
Wait the #Celtics could lose home court in the first round? What happened to giving the division champions an advantage?
I want chocolate bad.
Who's the PRO? : your huge pussy and a sack of shit, you run like you have bricks for feet and a stick up your ass
aww im only a few million miles away!<3
: on the trainn back to hicksville already...good seats? i had sec 109 row 11...
Incubus and Linkin Park...one concert....Jebus that will be orgasmic!!!!
RT Big congratulations to #Louisiana leg. for passing legislation today to tie tenure to teacher performance.
I wanna be more than just an ICONiac.. I wanna be their bestfriend, the one they can trust. <U+E329>
Oy gevalt; I heard one of the previews a while back, and even as a big Metallica fan, I don't think I can bring myself to listen
Why is there no #420 hashtag today? Common twitter!
haha yes! We can only hope that we keep moving in the right direction...one game at a time
Shout out to for the follow....
I play next year I got hurt and sat out this year
Jzell studio y'all
5000 business cards are only $85 Today Only > www.800printingnyc.com
I've only been once but it was great! Must return b/c my friend is a regular and my birthday is coming up soon!
Yes HELP! My Twitter Background could use some serious reconstructing.I would like to post pictures of children on top of
These people on the bus smell so fucking funky sheesh!
I spent 1 hour biking. 896 calories burned.
ok, it's official. I love her!(; lmao!!! (and you kayden.) <U+E418>
New Chili Peppers,
Polar opposite shows... from last nights Heartless Bastards to Sleigh Bells tonight.
im about to start my new ministry
I think my problem with not being able to find a boyfriend is because I honestly don't care..
S/O to my bro ... Happy birthday fool!
an i looks really nice know
Did you know you are less likely to suffer a heart attack on Friday? That makes today extra special! Make yours amazing!
Hey guys, how come no link in the Twitter profile. Am I MISSING something?
Distance Learning is an important part of new era of education.
Impressed you put something together for the W that didn't involve SKC getting lost on way to stadium. Well done!
If you let a simple bitch ruin your relationship then your relationship it self was weak
had another engagement. So proud of my team. So glad you trained them all.
So spring has finally sprung. Time for the stoop-potatoes to come out. Oh boy......
Hospitality Design Magazine Awards Crystal First-Ever Cruise Design Award
This week, I'm getting it all the way together: writing, running & reading the Word.
40% of Fortune 500 companies, including Google, Apple, eBay, AT&T, IBM, & Oracle were founded by immigrants or their children.
i feel like i'm losing him.. )': <3
Well, maybe compared to Nicole Ritchie?
Meteorologists hold bachelor's degrees in Bullshit.
If severs ties w/ & , given their "shape", will it be a double lumpectomy or dbl. mastectomy?
Saw "A Streetcar Named Desire" for the first time, in a warehouse (or something) just outside the french quarter.
yeah that's what I was thinking. Would you rather have Jose or jack? Or something else that nice?
I see 5 Massive Markets emerging in 2012 1 Text Message Marketing 2 Mobile + Social 3 Mobile Web 4 Apps 5 Mobile Commerce -Dave Liniado
Time for basketball. How can they top the greatest victory in franchise history from last Sunday? Can't wait to go 2-0 tonight.
Love Actually is on!! i bet wants to watch it <3
I really wish the Twitter app would stop changing my preferences from TwitPic to Twitter's photo uploader...
": RT : There have been 6 confirmed deaths in southern Indiana. #tornado" Not my Family but IDK if they r Friends!
lmaoooooo ill get my girls together n we can tap tht ass for you i guess
Editors- The Racing BOHH
But having said that about Greece, time may have passed. Others may not want them in it anymore.
aha it's called google translator !
lol thank you. I must admit, I have won a few times
Happy Monday everyone! We're excited for a new week and for #FoodTruckFriday! We'll announce who will be here soon!
been rocking toms forever. A+ shoe brand :-)
If you have social, mobile or local marketing tips feel free to share them on our page.
Now that the #Bulls are out. I'm just cheering for whoever is playing the heat.
: Yesterday marked 40 days until the 40th #BalloonFiesta! Follow along as we celebrate 40 days until the extraordinary event
I usually loiter and smile at cats but did not want to interrupt sensual petting sesh.
I'm so happy because today I found my friends - they're in my head. - Kurt Cobain
color and then white tip. good for summer. what y'all doin this weekend?
Any runners in NYC?
yeah, i'm scared too
Taxes filed with 40 minutes to spare. It's like high school all over again.
Haha I've seen this on the news a few days ago! I once though about the same thing to my house!
Poor thing...
In fact, it is mocked, denied, or cheered on as some form of "getting back at 'em." Taken seriously? Not even close.
Such a great weekend for us! Thank you all for supporting this year's International Women's Day Banquet!
Just bought another kindle for a friend of mine. Kindle is the best gift out there, don't you think?
for what?
Center 8 years ago today.
I wish I could have this moment to life
How unfortunate.
Hoping refs aren't stacking a load of makeup calls into one half...
just maybe?
How did I forget that Nastassja Kinski dated Quincy Jones.
You're welcome. Happy to help out.
Just followed like a gallon of people =0
NC State hits a home run in the top of the 2nd making the score 2-1 Virginia
Imm tired. Decided to switch from the usual "Im borreeeddd"
It's very important that we talk about "Muslim communities around the world" instead of a monolith "Muslim People". Farah Pandith
There's only so much longer simple minded Hip-Hop will be profitable.
having fun?? so jealous. miss you!!!
oh where do you live? i live like an hour away
I see you flourishing
Happiness does not depend on outward things, but on the way we see them. ~ Leo Tolstoy
I don't care if you call someone a name. I care deeply about the marginalization of people with disabilities.
which one?
Hey buddy! Hope you're having a good day. Just sent you a DM.
: John Terry will drill semen into Rooney's anus
I am wide awake but really need to be asleep.
depends on what you want out of life. Friendship? Not so much.
Tebow. New York. Sigh.
When I saw came running into the KCAs aftr jaden said he wouldn't be there,yea I started to cry I love ya biebz ur amazin
you will one day, you deserve to meet them. I always think that I won't but I'm going to do everything I can. :)
Macerating strawberries in whiskey & woodruff syrup to add to Tenuta Santome' prosecco....Jo's version of Mai wine!
I knew you'd be watching ! Biggest Kobe fan I know.
Pay attention to the time. Don't set goals that are unbelievable- it takes time to lose 10-30 pounds, give yourself enough of it.
I am working on it for Aug 24th publication date. Very exciting!
Your source for Unfinished Brazilian Hardwood Flooring * FCL
I`m teaching Brenna about the Earth..... Now that`s sad sisterr (:
Rachel, god, I love you so much......
Tonight was a really good night!!
Happy Mother's day, everyone! I hope wherever you are, your day is lovely.
Quote: the reason I like New York is there are not many Americans here
FRANCE FRANCE FRANCE, yea yea were excited for the new release too, but we can’t forget about our Italy & Hawaii series
A gaggle of geese. LMAO!
Ok, how long is the seventh inning stretch?
Agreed - good stuff! And too.
& she's pretty hot, too.
Ah clean apartment , accompanied by feelings of accomplishment and a glass of moscato .
It's bizarre that the produce manager is more important to my children's health than the pediatrician.
Packing the van for today's show then off to the magic lecture
LOL at the trends
on what date??? plz say july 16
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
"Handheld cell ticket is $159. It's not worth it." Oh yeah, freeway sign? What if I'm the 10th caller & win $1,000? That's totally worth it.
7 AM at Big Bend it is .... Golf>>>Sleep
I just searched multiple sights that rank the top 50 WRs, and Aaron Decker isn't on any of them, kudos to Skip Bayless!
Today is a good day to show a loved one that you love them!
I'M GLAD U SEE THAT :b
Even bad men love their mothers
to me, favicon = most important 256 [or 1024 / 2304] pixels on a website
Literally I can't believe my luck that is going to OMG OMG OMG, JUST MADE MY NIGHT :)
Must also mention IMHO the odoius practice of re-apply is a stain on corp. America. I am glad u are broaching topic.
Common sense isn't all that common.
got it now. So how bout them packer's?
your favorite!
Doug LaFollette joining Mitchell in show of support.
no, it really just IS a bad look.
what do you love & hate about being on tour? Any other hobbies than making music?
Spring cleaning the studio for a busy weekend!
To I really appreciated Kordell's honesty today. Tell him that. Thanks.
To keep someone around you is not love; love is to let the one you love go freely.
I accidentally addressed a guy named Mike as "Eric" in an eHarmony email. So, yeah, I don't think he is interested any longer.
Great read in , congrats on the success of your group!
#Kaboom. The valuation heard around the world. RT #Facebook sets share price at $28-35, valuing the company at $85-95bn
thanking God for the Blood.
Does know #wavefront is by a dog beach? Does he know will go mental if he plays Barbara Streisand with a gang of puppies?
I am so frustrated. WOMEN, don't change your name on anything. It is a waste of time and money.
Barefoot all summer - Only children & ancients Touch the naked earth.
RT : Could there be a better day for 's birthday? Let's celebrate this evening w/ monster upset of !
Most of the time it's the weird person selling roses at a bar but bear night has a guy selling pizzas. Yes whole pizzas. Oh bears
There's no point watchin the #MiamiHeat...Zebras+Stern=want #LeSuspect in the Finals
love you both!
Do you think its gonna get nasty?
Eels are lazier, because they go downstream. I vote for anadromous.
DUDE RIGHT! I might be a moma's boy but say something about her and i'll fuck you up lol Then who's the moma's boy
IM SO BORED SOMEONE TWEET ME :-)))
": I'm not! My phone is disconnected" whatever! I miss my movie buddy ): immortals was horrribleeee D':
how u been?
True: “: "Detail oriented" is code for "asshole."”
I understand...she had a great talent and will be missed
After the world premiere in DC, ALICE (in wonderland) travels from to 2012-13. Hopefully Dallas after?
That seems like a more relevant anecdote if anything, right?
Ask me how to buy a house in #CA ... It's Easier than you think. Beautiful homes & Locations. I can take you places that will make you stay
Annoyed that is ruining a good product (Reader) to attempt to bolster a crummy one (+)
maybe--but only if it makes you find out if they are doing a program.
LADIES GET FREE CIROC & WE GOT FREE WRAPS #RITZ2 FRIDAY **PLUS ITS FREE ALL NITE** #tonefide 5
My 4000th tweet goes out to my crazy cat lady twin never stop meowing <U+2764> and to show Cali some hell! <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+009A><U+00AC>
me too!!! I get so anxious in it!
that shot is a work of art, as clutch as it gets.
Ppd have 15 in custody at north Portland apt complex.
Hope The Spirit Awards recognize Nicolas Winding Refn for his visually stunning Drive.
enjoy this new windows
I am so going to this one :)
Both Bann girls hv been found Safe! This status jus goes to show that Jesus still answers prayers, Hallelujah!!
I got to get to this Baba! Jah Bless!
Berlin's heat wave today. #Wow. & all my trains failed me. It was like being back in NYC in the sentimental 80s.
: The NBA Charlotte Bobcats have a record of 7wins and 57losses. WHAT is Michael Jordan doing ?! he's coming out of retirement
Gettin' the hell outa work...crazy busy today!
you're mad at your dad, not US!
What would you get if you crossed a monster with the god of love? A stupid Cupid!
Guess what??
I know..I've been over Oden. Old news.
#PDX peeps--have an astrologer you've been to who you would recommend? This #Pisces is thinking it's time for an update!
Im the boss here ok lol
had a dream I pulled a Britney and chopped off all my hair.... FINALS, what are you doing to me?!?!? lol
same thing Hillis had “: Irving officially being ruled out with "the sniffles" for tonights game.
High school basketball games that end in extensive trips to the free throw line due to lack of a
Don't you think it's better to be extremely happy for a short while, even if you lose it, than to be just okay for your whole life?
Happy 12th birthday hiphop twins !! & Sarah Smith , they inspire me :-)
Well I Waz Gon Go 2 Sleep B4 I Had 2 Go 2 Work But.......O Well
I wish would buy aspirin for all the hungover Georgetown men as well.
does anyone have google+?
Kylestock loves acoustic artists too! This year will be featuring the talents of Erin Frank, Hannah Bushong and Luke Tuttle!!
they'll win, no worries. I'm in sec 307.
how's it going?
she looks like shes about 12
#DidYouKnowThat times are tough?
we can debate the valuation, but Instagram is actually a delight to use and connect with others. Color never succeeded there.
Punching fake Elmo in the gut unprovoked could be very funny.
This guy from a ticket place said he can get me a meet & greet ticket for $300 each. $300 EACH!? WHAT!?
Congratulations to Pastor Brandon T. Crowley, my son in the ministry who was inducted into the Morehouse Board of Preachers today.
Dell Power Edge 2900 I Server Ricoh Aficio Model 1075 print, copy, fax, scanner w/SR850 Finisher for sale- $1800 each / both in great c…
Thanks for the recommendations & links!
good morning 2 one of my favorite singers. Ur story your spirit your grace is so powerful
Thanks for the information. I would love to explore rural Ireland.
“: Just remember, someone loves everything you hate about yourself.”
We r at the beginning of the evolution of change in the medicine, sport, & fitness industries. Embrace it! In data we trust!
#E3onG4 #UBISOFT unintentionally invented the first
Will you forget about it already? Damn... O__-
Great Show about Missing in Black and the Discrimination of the Unemployed Jobs in this Countryfrom Companies
Scion unveils lightweight FR-S sporty coupe Toyota's new compact coupe will be marketed in the United States as the Scion FR-S. The initi
hahaha I know! I got that tan I needed lol mishhh my jacks :(
Instagram's instant billion-dollar payday: week in review Facebook makes its biggest acquisition to date, while the Justice Departmen...
Hmm. Should I watch another episode of #storagewars tonight? YUP!
Why work out if you're walking on the treadmills and chatting the whole time? IDGI.
Have fun :)
Social media has become a crucial part in turning weak links into greater, more valuable relationships with customers
#fridayreads Oddly not reading anything now (except textbooks), but really enjoyed Wolf Hall last week.
yaaaaay I want to read it!!!!!
I am MINUTES AWAY from...... Staying on Twitter , or going to bed.(:
": Love ya!" <<<See!!! No joke! #alwaysStraightFromTheHeart - Love Ya too, bro! Keep going!
": your ice is in my trunk" Are you hitting on me?
yea, but im pissed. im blaming bryan fox.
Man she has been through a lot since I've known her not gonna list them. But she did manage to attend my Grandmas funeral back in 2006.
Sounds great! Let me know when you are in town. :-)
moca is open tonight free
Whats not healthy??
Wonder who the Fed is going to send out this morning waving the checkbook in front of the cameras?
you should talk to tony clement and scott brison. Tell em what to do
": Practice was too easy. Last one, ever. Bitter sweet ):" paula! Now we can go roller bladeing around ty and workout together!
No Tea no Shade!
don't forget about the Baltimore baristas too!! Thanks again for hosting, we had a blast!
RT : The countdown is on for American Idol. Tune into Fox for an all new eppisode. 32 min.
“: Charles gotta start sounding out these players name prior to being on camera” < -- LOL thas turrible #but true
:D About Tree fitty
it is FREE for members and $10 for non-members. First film is March 21!
i love movie trailers as ads!
Attn receipt losers: both & now give u option to have your receipts emailed
Never seen so many people eager to shop and forget about their need to curb their consumption
Just got me a BMW #SWAGG - XavierLT. com
rooting for your Jayhawks over Cats!
Just release my 9 point plan go2 winwithwarren.com 2download it as well as more detail on my pension plan to put Jacksonville back to work
But the freedom that they fought for, and the country grand they wrought for, Is their monument to-day, and for aye. ~Thomas Dunn English
If #theydontwantyou its ok #teamfollowback follow me I follow back!
Twitter friends, you should follow great American , who has a new novel out soon from
no matter how tough life gets, I will never break!!
's Royce tweets just might be the best thing on my twitter feed today.
Thank you Kristin for being so awesome!! ;)
yeah chirps call em
Mayor Adams says they will try to find shelters, other places for Occupy homeless people to live...
no a virus has been sending DMs 2 all my followers so I am using my old account as my new 1
Thanks for the RT! Your copy will be on its way as soon as shipment hits the warehouse.
Dear boys, Send her a text saying "Hey beautiful" and it will make her feel like the happiest girl on earth. Sincerely, every girl on earth.
My 2000th tweet is dedicated to all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothing...It's all good baby baby.
My iPhone is naked today
I know you'll be rocking it on Sat night!!
listening to cures the soul
What time would be best to come get a Friday the 13th tattoo?!?
thanks!! i'm serving up sweaty-girl realness!! :)
I agree, I can tell it was a challenge
Can it just be Friday now? I'm so ready for a weekend.
The world will be mines and i'll show no mercy
Walked in the bar and this chick instantly came over and started entering her number.
And you both know as well as anyone that you can't polish a turd
~Don’t return Anger for Anger,Sarcasm for Sarcasm, & Hate for Hate. But LOVE as your are LOVED by God with Full Forgiveness, Mercy ,& Grace.
Happy Eastre Everyone!
Hey, it's National Library Week! I'm checking out a few books on my reading list. What about u?
Soo pissed off right now don't want.to be het right now!!!!!
whare you from my man?
I wish I could take credit for "Shit buttons say" but alas, it's the genius of my fiesty cousin Hannah.
Love Kale & roasted Kale soo crispy. Such a Superfood! RT : I'm addicted to kale!! it's so good and amazing for u!!!
Guess some people @ MPD don't read Journal or watch news.
Don't it sound amazing?!
Huge shout to killing it ... Packed house!! rocking our sister club w/ !
I've downloaded iBooks Author, but I haven't made anything yet. Maybe during summer break?
Reason and judgment are the qualities of a leader. - Tacitus
This could be interesting to see what comes out of this situation.
uh-oh!
A computer can be a fuddy-duddy too.
Prepping the War Room.
"express yourself" comes to mind
Did chris webber just use the word guestimating? Not sure how to spell it I wasn't part of the fab 5 of education
I love this weather..
LA Business Journal's best selling issue of the year featuring the 50 Wealthiest Angelenos will be on sale at your local newsstand 5/16.
Sunday Afternoon The Sun is out.. P.U.S.H.
I love myself.
Oh how I love sharing memories from 2 years ago with <3
Take the kiddies (0-5) to Drop-In Storytimes tomorrow at the Malcolm Library at 10:15 & 11 and at the Galleria Lib at 9:30.
"There's just something about you"
Hm. Yeah. Things to be happy about, things to be pissed off about. This called for #RBF (#RestingBitchFace).
are you doing a twitcam right now??????
can't follow anybody else on this one #idk it's liked i haven't saw you in my #tl ma
I'll be here!
Finished paying off our upcoming cruise vacation style...#cashisking. Feels great!
Pro hockey.
I love it so far they're all so adorable. And we watched the modern one today!
haha! Yeah, this kid was a little eccentric to say the least. But u bet he could do math without a calculator.
PAUL! *runs up and asks for picture, then nicely ask where the boys are*
Hey Missy,Do you have a contact for production?
Join me tomorrow for a "core focus" class at Sweat from 12-1:30! We'll turn up the tapas and burn off the egg nog! Hope I see you there!
-.- Bitch. Thanks to that whore, i got a broken arm and fractured leg!
please be sure to wear your finest powdered wig tonight
PUFF PUFF PUFF PASS THAT ASS....To STREET BEAUTY ENTERTAINMENT.....
RT The integrity of a man is truly revealed in trial. The lack thereof may be revealed in 140 characters or less.
“: Jean jacket. I need one. Now.” my thoughts exactly
RT : Wellness Tip of the Day: Cantaloupes provide health benefits to the cardiovascular and immune system
When will I ever be good enough for you?
I'll take a look at your resume and i promise to only make fun of you a little bit
I like the chain/padlock idea. thx for the inspiration. I'll push on… at least thru 1st round!
I've just quit my job!!
Did u know that 405 years ago today in 1607 VA Company explorers landed at Jamestown to establish America’s first permanent English colony?
i should have another real good pick by Wed.
EL: Anthony Ranaudo makes AA debut tonight in Reading, PA. looking for 2nd straight over the at 6:35.
that was a close one...
I know how to cook so my lady wont have to :)
Hi Michael! For exhibit I'd love to tap your brain on a few q's about Africa.May I get in touch by email?
Man these kids are gonna be up in like 6 hours, I better go to bed. I don't know how you parents do it. You crazy bastards.
Headed to see the lights in with family tonight. Can't wait to see my alma mater
We are die hard fans!
wheres the old Andy?
I replied.
you're adorable Alex ! please follow me :)
When you're having an amazing dream then wake up & you're just like, "...oh."
Yes If there is no butter on the popcorn, then i ain't joining you ;)
Well I don't keep Sports Center on :) I saw jokes on FB about tripping over national championship trophies, but did realize it was literal!
Ah. then it's the progressive download....only has to buffer a bit before playback can start.
congrats! You definitely deserve it!
#UseTittiesinAMovieTitle Harry Potter and the Deathly Titties
The low RB attendance vs. Houston was embarrassing for MLS. The RB should be filling their arena with stars Henry and DeRo.
Haha, in the elite eight, so we'll see.
two words "car bomb"
KaylaBishop12 <-------- That girl is my bestfriend and the best girlfriend ever!(:
Don't just sit there, support some cool peeps! FF
So my internet at my moms on my phone barely works. Super whack..
oh sorry. It's Louise from Casino Pauma days :)
I wish I were coming for dinner at your place!
You know that snowman soap dispenser you gave me in like November? Yeah, I just managed to get it open tonight.
Miami had an mls team but it disbanded cause of the lack of funds.
So why dude asked me why im always gang banging !
Awesome! I'd like to pick that kids brain about a few things.
Well, time for me to go night, night. The baby boy will probably wake me before midnight...and possibly another time before 7 am.
please call this number 254-716-4646 Please its my friends birthday! :) She would be so happy! :) 5
Hehe....are you saying I'm a vampire? Well, I'm pale enough to be one for sure ^_^
I miss seeing you on my tv screen! Hope all is well with you!!! :)
#TipsForLadies clingy is not cute
terrible. carmelo you're a joke. you swear you wanna win but you only got one elimination game in you
what song do you want to cover?
Just sent you an email about a unique and fun partnering opportunity. Please let us know your thoughts
i know its late, but how is it that "the guard" isn't nominated for best picture or brendan gleeson for best actor. best movie of the year.
Huge increase in 60 minutes ratings following major sporting events, NFL?
watching a photo shoot at beta. Damn the new items are going to be amazing.
(2007) Wrestling superstar Hulk Hogan and friends chowing down sushi, shrimp tempura and Sake Friday at Sonoda's Restaurant in LoDo.
I can feel the classic mental breakdown freakout coming.
I love you just the way you are...
i'm on a jay-z binge right now.
Alright stop collaborate and listen Ice is back with a brand new addition.
#FF Runners with words of encouragement
Sunny and 65 degrees, beer in hand and BBQ chicken on the grill! I love Wisconsin in March.
we are a hair salon =)
Good luck! See you in Chicago
you aren't forgotten, sir :)
I Ride With A Girl Named Nina. I Ride With A Girl Named Keesha.
I am looking forward to seeing the complete film too. I need to check out some of Brad's other documentaries.
I have a lot of fond memories of listening to Jim Irwin and Max McGee call Packers games as a kid. Now, they're both gone. Sad.
I stinkin' love it! How are you feeling? Isn't pregnancy harder with a two year old?
“: #Libras love to share and give, but have to constantly guard against being taken advantage of.”
stranger...too good to talk to the little people huh? Lol
Had fun today at lunch singing High School Musical songs
Oh wow. Several real musicians on stage to close out the show. If you could get these guys out, then why let Chris Brown in at all?
Got some edgy stuff in the works for SXSW 2012! Can't wait. Always a good time & very profitable.
pleze notice me I am a fan and wish u wud folliw me
hangin oout... should be going to bed by now...meh
No electricity O.o for 5 hours O.o No TV for 5hrs O.o no
O lineman are very important but boring draft picks
I found - a family doc & a mom – send her your #parenting q’s and get great advice!
Have you RSVP for our 1/17 event with the ? Email today! #Sportsbix Please RT
That's awesome! :) What does your day look like on Friday? DM me
Grady on DL again with the same knee injury... SMH... maybe its not meant to be Grady
We Ain't Goinn Steady :P
This is true, sort of... most everyone who would have noticed this on facebook will still see this here haha
I hate to blow my own horn but me me me!!! I have 9 great inventions that will save our country how do I get funding?
The scariest thing about distance is that you don't know whether they'll miss you or forget you.
Why did I think a remake of a movie as bad as Charade would be any good?
This cold weather is so not ideal.
I'm listening to myself on the radio for the first time! Wow! What a feeling!!!
If you could be any celeb, who would it be? RT !
#python is fun
Parking nazis are all over the UCI marketplace today, towing everyone and apparently trying to prove a point.
#fact I've cried during nemo before.
do we need to create a photo gallery?
Its me hazelleyezzz :)
Like Lamar Odom, I ball, scrotum.
Back to lex!! Gorgeous night for a drive y'all <f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6><f0><U+009F><U+008E><U+00B6>
... There u go there u go keeping it real
RT : Draft a clear roadmap of what is and what is not acceptable behavior
Love both of those guys to pieces!
send fotos to me))
well you have an excuse I'm just lazy hahah shame on me...
I See Dead People
mat. how old are you turning?
Come check out Cuvee Des Jacobins, Flemish Red Ale we just put on our list!
your tweets are the bomb man
If you file 501h you can spend 20% of first 500K of annual expenditures on lobbying.
RT : “: That Morning <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A9> is Crucial” real shit
happy new yearzzzzzzzz i wanna go out like scooby doo and find the arsonist!!! wheres my mystery machine?!?
Thank you! has told me about you...love to know about your game sometime soon
im great xd
I mean it's no migas at Tamale House, but what is? Haven't been to Las Cazuelas. Where is it? What's good there?
Going out tonite? Look your best with our BOGO sale! 50% off #mirabella makeup & #dermalogica skin care!
In a world gone crazy only a lunatic is truly insane. - Homer Simpson
The dungeon master and Omuni teach u about sex. Boom boom tv
I am beyond thrilled! Countdown to
Have a great #HumpDay everyone!! I hope your day is #Awesome!! :D
Take a break from the snow and enjoy one of our 12 wine flights tonight!
There's nothing less rewarding than finishing video games, and nothing more rewarding than finishing your own art projects. All in one day
guh spring break right around the corner (literally after tomorrow) and i just cannot bring myself to put effort into this simple 1pg paper!
This was when India was reeling out of Partition when millions died. A release, rage and remembrance. Thanks.
you misspelled Seattle, Washington
Must introduce to pinterest. I think he might like it more than me...
Love that guy's music. "Babylon" is one of the greatest songs ever
I could use a glass of wine. Who's with me?
I'm sippin on some apple cinnamon as we speak
Just got a new client today. I quote, "actually that's cheap". Maybe we need to start charging more.
When is the graduation?
I love them! they're playing their last show ever this weekend and ima be there c: you know we listen to exactly the same music!
will not fight for #equality. Just like the rest of his party they don't care.
Im a Great Soul
To be overwhelmed by ecstatic joy
Day one of the brazillian butt workout ;) yeeaaah buddy!
My headphones be too loud. Imma go deaf!
Just remember what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.
big thanks to for the free shoes today!
Heres the snow everyone was complaining about missing.Now go away!
Question posed by coworker: Shouldn't we be tweeting our ?s to instead of speaking them?
stupid lax short tan.
awesome pic! Happy Cinco de Mayo!
If the only prayer you said in your whole life was, “thank you,” that would suffice.
thank you!
When you sleep and as you wake, you have gone through two worlds already. Arya Holmes.
When do you know you are in love?
Gotye - Somebody That I Used To Know (feat. Kimbra) - official video
Recommend to salty agency pros. Never to late to leverage social and content mktg channels to drive new business.
Thank you!
It's a beautiful spring day - Text yourself "I have waited all winter to do _______." Then start!
hey ladies how goes it!
S/O to our new followers:
Hmm, for the 1st time didn't respond to a tweet, of course it was asking about his vile language about
Truth for your Monday. RT : is a powerful reminder that we need to value life more. ALL life. EVERY life.
If you can see the small, you will be able to build large.
Happy Birth Day !!!!
I really liked the score to HAYWIRE. Don't see how it's out of place, like I've read people say.
Zimms gonna be singing Paradise on Sunday?
that's tough! You in NOLA the rest of the week? Would like to get together while I'm in town.
superbowl tonight ... cant watch it anyway its way too late and i goota wake up so early tomorrow -.-'
On tap at Fat Heads.
That's great! RT : Hey ! I have the best sister ever! She's delivering Pinkberry to me in my finals madness.
Writing BPOV tonight - help me - tell me your favorite songs from the years 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 any genre is fine
Whenever you want!
Don't think that you will get beat up, for looking like her.
My moms boyfriend is irritating me !
How about first week of April? I'm in Miami-Toronto-Buffalo next week.
he got famous in the Transporter series of action movies
you are amazing. I miss you.
RT : Where my April babies at? <-still hanging out with this March baby Playa, lol!!
Every time! RT Hard work beats talent when talent doesnt work hard
your dimples r cute lol -__-
Finna this food soons it come go to the movies n chill for the rest of the day
Eating a honeycomb. I need somewhere to spit the wax besides my hand.
game goofy is you females who fucking hella niggas and cheatin for free!
But I'll still prob get up at 5am (sigh) to watch.
Hey #SimmonsWomen! Want to be on the radio. Email us to find out how:
I swear I love ya...u give inspiration to so many...and u proved the theme music to my ambition
no chance nobody's beatin the #thunder this year
of course! I had a good time and learned some good stuff.
I've got a headache just thinking about it.
it's sad that I keep checking twitter, Facebook, tumblr, and instagram to see if anything is happening. there's nothing to do! I'm so bored!
:-) RT : oh good. she probably figured it all out faster than i did anyway lol
Wow, did not realize its been 27 years since the Royals have made playoffs.
Sounds good to me...I'd love to do it!
also I can't count
Evidence on my end says not...
I've never been the cocky type. I just know who I am and what I'm capable of.
Wow she's a fucking dirty hamster I hate her guts
got me some miles, some dirt, some sun, some rocks, some crosby, stills, & nash, and a rabbit the size of a small burro.
Another week on the road coming up : West Shamokin, Mon Valley, McKeesport. I'll be seeing you all soon!
/ theatre skills are SO real-world relevant! Though why no butcher paper this time?
makes me feel SO ugly.
That's crap. If anything, they should be taking care of you and your family still. Party suite, anybody?
let's go.
we're here to help. What questions do the students have?
Thanks for following OhioEyeDoc.
70 I think. I put some of my vacation and sick time on there though
If I remember correctly he had a stand in vote in favor for him.
Thank you Syd!:') Not as stunning as you though!(:
I swear i have a new bruise everyday from nothing.
anything i need she get it for me:)
yes ma'am.
Twitter exposes him even more...but we already knew he was a fraud.
got ya to chuckle a bit didn't i after wat i said huh(:
It's odd that they weren't as interested in #greenproducts while they looking for cost savings. Sustainability makes sense.
Living is easy with eyes closed, Misunderstanding all you see
DTA $25 all ladies denim $50 get yours while supplies last!! -staycool-
Love ! It would be helpful though, if the Courses page included dates/weeks/some kind of scheduling outline. Thanks!
we have the same issue here now that all our friends moved to the dreaded "valley"
my sister and I love you!!!
Michael Tolkin is shelving books in Westwood!
It's okay if you hate Austin Mahomo. As long as you don't hate Austin Mahone, I'm perfectly fine.
Uhh, I might have misunderstood. It was an off the cuff talk suggesstion.
ma big daddy did ha thang tonight at the Hyenas bike club tonight well see how it is tomorrow at Club Ice
Well, obviously.
it was a lot of fun to do. I think only SNL and Jim Lehrer have been on TV longer! ;)
Not really a fan of horses or racing, but for some reason I LOVE the Kentucky #Derby. Never miss it!
From start to finish, an awesome night of fighting.
thanks man, im trying... Scared me more than anything else
One of professor's saw Nate, and thought he was so cyute that he gave him 5 bucks...thank ya Lord.
I have to start using that hashtag more
think thats you :)
I <3 cover of call me maybe so much. Thanks for showing it to me its so good, and were listening to it during coagz
Depends on who the new guy is...but one thing's for sure- they HAVE to get a new guy. Team too young as is.
<3 Thank you! And thank you so much for sharing it =D I love this book to an absurd degree.
you're goin ham in that. Where do I sign up to be in your next sexy video? No but seriously.
My comment stands!
so I tested the choco cake recipe and it failed. I'll dig up a better one.
that was clearly .. what i get for letting her use facebook lawls
I tweet so much more at night....probably because I have no one to talk to
Yo, I'd be so down, but I'm gathering a crew to go tomorrow night!
": looking at your phone constantly waiting for that text. <<"
Miami is my furture home
That's great information. Thanks for sharing!
I did I was just apologizing to you so you wouldn't think I was some terrible person
Never been a nigga too bark.. Stay humble and keep my thoughts to maself so you never kno what's my next move
Im gucci down bitch
Severe weather must be patient.
Twice now
that akward moment when ur step dad tells ur brother "u not my son u my motha fuckin step son"
hey how's it going? :)
Thank you Todd!
oh yea?! let me catch you in the streetz!! FINNA SMOTHER YOU WITH LOVIN'!!!! ....you know? hugs & shit :O
Great IEA Profile on Mark Zuckerberg. True
Thanks for the mutual follow! :-)
you're killing it on Wendy's show!
you cold bitch ;)
says the person who left town for a whole week..... also, kidnapping is my thing!! not yours <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Hey, hey, turn the record over. Say I'll see ya on the flipside.
2000 kids served today. Two-thousand! 300 volunteers.
C A L M 3 day work week :)
Last chance to snap up the #travel #deal of the summer! Bring your BFF free on any of our tours! Offer ends midnight.
RT That's my kind of workout! I could clean for hours :)
Ain't much a homecoming without my folks and friends, but nice to be in muggy buggy Chapel Hill once again
Love when random people on kik message me and ask if I'm single. Haha. Smh .
just tweeted me today. What tricks are up his sleeve. Spidey senses tingling...
It's like I spend my whole life on the Internet and picking food out my boobs. Just kidding, I pick food out the garbage mostly.
Man City! Whoa!
CONGRATZ ON YOU 600K MAHOMIES AND I LOVE YOUR NEW ICON
I ate a German Chocolate with Ganache filling. Love.
Cuh-ute! RT Add a sparkly accent to your party ensemble with this heart pave crystal ring from Marc by : t.co/C5w4apkl
There's only so much wine you can drink in one life but it will never be enough to save you from the bottom of your glass--Handsome Family
i don't think that counts.
Last night was fun. Wish I got lucky
2 More followers untill the drawing for a FREE LAP DANCE! Who's feeling lucky? Tell your friends, tell your mom, tell your friends mom!
Rent or student loan...unfortunately one of those checks ain't clearing this month.
We're packing our bags for #LuckyFABB and couldn't be more excited to take this Twitter on the road!
Woo Hooo - we made it to 2500 followers Thx to all our #followers WE #followback!
Did you see my last tweet?? ;)
What stops you from starting an online business?
Something annoying about the apple store on boylston.... There is 1 woman worker for every 10 men............ Really???!
Still Playing Chris Rock in 'The Motherf**ker With The Hat' on Broadway
If Spurs can win it tonight they can win it tomorrow because utah would lose all confidence.
Because of , my mom who came all the way from Hong Kong would not be able to see the beautiful campus.
It is a little long. I just think if you use the one you said it will get confused with the other. Where is the other from
Do not go where the path may lead; go instead where there is no path and leave a trail.
Are you coming to the big game tonight?!
Watching news of the hikers' release from Iran on
A warm welcome to our most friends on our facebook page! We're glad you choose PATStudio... because theatre helps people SOAR!
Me an enjoyed entertaining all of you tonight but we were joking ;) She knows I'm a pompous self absorbed bitch and she loves it:P
I feel u on that one bro! -C.A.P. (Cali's Adroit Prospect) Up and Coming R&B Producer
hell yeah man. Text me
It IS Wednesday, right?
that's what I was afraid of.
NO! It's is not LEWIS Tomlinson. It's LOU-EE! (Louis).
Very true. The timing is a bit sucky but at least my car will be on point for the drive! Safe travels today, friend!
cool :) . Who do you want to be?
Rod Simons live from Minn on Vikings future at 605 on NWSports Tonight
Now do you see me? lol.
i love your name ive never heard it before
Crimes against English Language. #2 in series: "Imigrant,s Go Home" (Actual spelling and punctuation of graffiti on warehouse wall)
ha...Julia sometimes picks up my deodorant, holds to her ear and says "hello"
you're hilarious. There's not much like you over Twitter.
OK. Hope that its a settings thing. Otherwise its a concern! Responses to n/letter mostly good, several good suggestions and ideas
Your welcome! ... And thanks for the entertainment toward the end of the event! ;)
I like this one! “It is easy to be brave from a safe distance.” - Aesop (via thought of the day)
We still have one slot open for next term's schedule. Any suggestions? (35mm film only.)
aha! Thanks, I never noticed that before.
In line to see with and
Nikoo cant reply to EVERYBODY,
follow back please?(:
Omg the Yinzer accents!! I am loving this so much!!
Ken Fortier is our guest today... he will give us three great questions to use every day to help improve your business. Tune in!!
"These are complicated times..." ---Ways to begin a #breakup talk.
haha dope, what were you producing on?
Great news! She rocks “: Yippee! Our former intern landed a full-time gig at a PR agency in town.And a really great one too.
Totally shady and coercive practices at the church that is my polling place (no. 63) re #Amendment1 : many bible verses on wall of voting rm
My first tweet: haiku. / I have so much to say but / So few syllables.
I have a heads up on a full time Java Developer (6+ years experience minimum) position in Newark, Delaware.
Launching just in time for Black His/Her Story Month, www.thewritelifeshow.com New Post: "The Dreamer, The Believer...The Writer".
We're sorry. This comment has been censored by sopa.
Tornado watch!? Damn Austin! You crazy!
Gorgeous! I will be watching online 2nt :-) Miss u guys! X
who's? Haha
Making steak tips at 2am
“ “ "religion is for the weak minded." #netflixdocumentary””
he was in immortal with Henry cavil
Hope you can still come!
are there no pitchers left? Why is roher being left out there to piss away this game?
JUST BLOCK THEM AND YOU DNT HAVE TO LISTEN OR DEAL WITH IT!
Why am I watching the nightly news? I know the answer to their teasers.
#Baylor looks scary good during the first few minutes of the game
Is very steamy tonight. We were warned ;-)
Follow me backk please makke my whole life .;s <3
I've never tried to host a live chat on the blog - but doesn't that sound interesting...
#ThingsThatShouldNOTHappen putting your 5 year old kid in a tanning bed.... just no.
It's absolutly gorgeous in chicago today :)
hey could you send me the link to the piece you're going on about? thx! totally behind letter-writing BTW
pussy... Haha jk. Just means we will come see you!
So excited to celebrate Passover and my first attempt at baking in seven years with a little help from
EXACTLY. So good!
Happy Monday - what are your goals this week?
Pundits feel #Gingrich not perfect. Settling for best of the worst not good enough. GOP president is no guarantee to solve US woes.
Thanks for following
Can't thank you enough for stepping up and being All-Star volunteers last night! So appreciated!
Country music, light beer, chicken, and football- yep, I'm in Blacksburg, VA.
so boring that I'm checking twitter!
Ouch. RT Like a newsroom, but without a soul. RT What's an "information center"?
Keep your broken arm inside your sleeve.
Has anyone written about 1st person pronouns in error messages? I'm always surprised when #git does this—feels like '90s software.
Where in Texas? You should stop by in San Antonio if you have a chance.
": You thought United fans were annoying before?"
"silence cannot be quoted"
are we going to tanners tonight
So true, thanks for sharing!
what's your next class?
thx debby! Also, thx for the advice on FB yesterday, liked the article :)
Love is like water; We can fall in it. We can drown in it. And we can't live with out it.
Pure HATE... Cowboys will bounce back; after we get a new QB, with fire in his belly. What do you think?
they dont play with you, and dylan ass dnt listen 2 nobody
Too many rules on Facebook i stick with AirG Mocospace and Myspace.
Hey, I can afford a pittance! Or five billion dollars. Which is the better deal? (Hey, I'm not a numbers guy.)
I'm coming down to you!!!!
saw that in the tl, figured it to be the one. Hilarious.
by a month-.-
Where's it say that...?
Had a great visit at Jamestown Elementary. Many thanks to Amy Blaine who arranged it all.
just ONE of the many perks. Others include:having my own stall in the bathroom, and a scenic view overlooking a Comcast building.
such a great show, and sort of severely underrated IMO
Life is good :) Enjoy the day!!!
haha no you need to come here cuz Valerie comes and visits me.
Another day: Another memory
smooth shit man
Lord, I thank u for just another day. Thank u for the many blessings u bestowed upon me!!
dang!! I played in this texas hold em tourn!! Thanx!! Have fun
Its GameDay for my Hogs Woo PIG SOOIE!!
Worrying works 90% of things I worry bout never happen
When of they worldly goods thou art bereft, and of thy slender store two loaves alone to thee are left...
I'd love to hear Rickles, but I imagine you'd have to travel for it.
No, thank you!
About to head back out bored is an understatement right now!!
omg Chicago meow
We have some great deals if you like wineries and food pairings. Check out our sponsors on our site.
yeah, i didn't understand the 'we' comment....
For now, watching #Orioles games is a pleasure. Let's just keep it that way. By the way, that Stephen Strasburg is good.
yes! Best study music, hands down!
you get to see the whole apology
think you can get enough people for a kickball team this summer?
Getting hair done by Sara for the Everyday Show at 10am. All the prep work. Jeesh! :)
My babies did AMAZING!! VOTE for RNG!!!!!
It's my Birthday Twitches!!!!
If you're hearing someone humming Richard Marx you're probably inside of my head
I will have to pick one up tomorrow. Dont think I have had this grape
"If i find out you are honking your horn at ME i will go all road rage on yo ass!"
EVERYONE get out and VOTE today! Lets take back this state!
i can no longer avoid doing laundry. i shall do this...... tomorrow....
Oh twenty, easily. Not counting feet, of course.
what's yours ?
thank you too
He says a lot of things that end with: "…it just makes sense." Meaning: "I have no research."
I will RT : Who is going to give me my Christmas fuck?
What it do what the business is........bitch get ya mind right!!!! -Jeezy
EVERYONE FOLLOW MY COUSIN <3
thats quite a good idea!!!! How about just Cody updates account or sweetest Simpsonizer, or awesome allinator? :) <3
Does Jim Nantz have the best job in sports, non athlete?
I listen to BBC Radio 4 "In Our Time" and the Oxbridge historians use mostly BC/AD...American academia is so leftist!
Take a study break with coloring pages and wellness tips provided by NAMI-UW (National Alliance on Mental Illness).
DP, we're too good of friends to get mad over something so stupid! I thought it was funny! It's my newest book
Favorite poet?
Agreed. RT : I think final number will likely be between 10-12k.
i give up..
Hey and 'm going to be back in Costa Rica in a few weeks. How are the buses for getting between cities?
Help a great social media company wtih an infographic featuring the best of #SxSW Interactive. DM me if your event deserves to be listed!
I do what I can.
Finally close that chapter, now it's time to start a new one life with her and me. Damn life is good.
2 spots left for the Beer Tasting Wed. at 6pm, Tasting Special beers from Struise, Jolly Pumpkin, Nogne O, and more. Call today 255-8500.
So let it be known: i will wait until i am a skinny b*tch before i ever decide to be a beer girl in underpants at a bar.
If he were a surgeon he'd sew up your right heart.
lol but that's the best time! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0089>
Yeah, not sure how I feel about it yet, so was testing it out, but noted.
I really hope Michael Buble and Justin Bieber collaborate on a record and call it I'm A Bublieber.
Good night twitter.. !
& are coming to #BankAtlanticCenter on August 4th for their Heart & Soul Tour. Tix on Sale 3/17
how do I get your stuff on my kindle?
Oh how about Arianas Grandeest fan? You know like Starbucks? lol
It only seems right to blast country music when driving back to Avon
love these guys! RT : goes 2 for 2 - Todd just crushed it at TechStars demo day!
it's ok, you've a few years to figure it out ;-)
are you wearing it tomorrow?! :D
1000 Business Cards Only $18 - Tweeter Special - Must mention Ad....Full Color Printing w/UV gloss both Sides - www.Rushflyerprinting.com
I <3 coffee
Anyone else have the same crappy weather we do here in Indiana....
Jackin The Box
I am quite literally sick and tired :(
Your Mysterious Bookshop staff for Tuesday 03/13/12 is Dan, Sally and Ian!
How can stores like Walmart ever run out of supplies? Don't you get shipment like everyday!
I just want the Boyz and Vinny to come to Florida.. Is that to much to ask?? :(
Ready for the most exhausting weekend of my life but it's all things I love #dance #modeling so BRING IT ON!
u gonna be a zom zom zombie? I hope u found a ride to the shoot :D
I just ignored 8 unread message
Today was a good day! GN
Young MJ is more obnoxious than old MJ. But young Elvis is better than old Elvis.
We give our son delicious sausage, hashbrowns and pancakes, but then he goes and eats dog food. Is this normal?
Eminem look-alike in black hoodie keeps staring me down on the train.
I Will Play With Camp Of Doodie Tonight
Of course! How else am I supposed to get my arm in?
Waiting to stuff my face on Thanksgiving !
That awkward moment when someone finally says what everyone else is thinking. -_-
idea for district to save $- don't spend $10 mil on bad textbooks when there are 1,000's of free resources that are better
5 time "Hoop It Up" 3 point shooting champ Jason Cross of the HJ dropped 6 trays for 20 pts in a break out effort against the OC Gladiators
u know they trying to make Fresh Kics High Heelz now too after redoing my other Kics in a better quality that I want
torn on unsubscribing to H-Labor. it is hypothetically relevant, but it seems to have forgotten about anything pre-1870.
Fuck you I fucking hate you
When your standing there cooking, and you get one of the sweetest texts everr :) <3 #daymadee :)
haha yeah it is really annoying!
in my cubicle, monster in hand, computer in front, in my ears
Hood rats. RT @ RHancock19: Someone is pissed that I blocked them. How childish. Asshole.
Watching repeats of :)
help me out guys, i'm making a 90's Prom playlist on spotify, help me out! from #hotinhurr to
I went to bakers jazz bar in detroit on 8 mile and livernoise lastnight. I had no clue it was the oldest jazz bar in the world.
At USC, people seem to be in a perpetual state of "going to Vegas."
Where does the optimism come from? And will this come with the Dems reforming their pluocratic ways?
Project runway still exists? Weird.
lol crazy chad!
That awkward moment when you catch your self checking out your gay exboyfriend -___-
How do you feel about Mr. Pineda?!?
Turf can only be part of the story...right?! Don't lie.
LoL. Or punching and kicking trees.
dont even think im gonna attempt to do my hair today... stupid curly hair. Rain hates you.
me too! I don't promote it, I just drink it. :) GREAT stuff.
On the way to lunch in downtown #rva, I spotted an osprey chasing an eagle. On the way back I saw a Peregrine Falcon. I love this place!
It's pretty cool though. I've tried it, it's nothing complicated at all. Try it.
i really wanna meet austin:((((.
Being independent is good because u don't have to worry about others letting u down 24-7 lol follow me and I will def follow u rite back
dont you need to have a topic or a antagonist to prompt some action?
make up games online for free . Popular Online Games For Girls ...
Don't be afraid to stay "fuck it!"
went to the grocery store for 3 items & left with 10 bags & $100 worth of food. I should know better than to go on the way home from work
DJ Monroe with a 60 yard rush for touchdown.
I close my eyes and I can see a better day I close my eyes and pray
#TBEX is sold out but I have an extra Travel Blogger ticket to transfer to you if you need one. Cost? a $52 donation to
FELLAS!!! Enjoy yall saturday night MANE!!! Don't have any watered down drinks!!!
AYE. im back
#GOA2011 RT : Word is #fespaamericas is going great. Can't wait to get the report on Monday from our team attending the show
I wonder where CR7 WILL BE on may 19 not at the final in Munich that's for sure
Public History session: I ask, does P.H. sanitize to much when it's funding is linked to public opinion?
Never spend your money before you have it. Jefferson, Thomas
Anything I've ever learned I learned from the Internet. Ha!
Just got done #tubing !!! had fun with the family, now studying for science test and spanish ugh!
Roddy White is the funniest man on twitter. Followed by Javale McGee
Come to the GSLIS Career Fair today! 12-2pm, Paresky Center, 3rd floor of the Main college building!!
What did was truly amazing!
A USA jury is... 12 men & women who arent intelligent enough to know how to get out of jury duty. ie: Casey Anthony Trial
"True strength is delicate."
Seventh Suggestion, A little soft kiss on the back of the neck or a light tap on the butt followed by "I love you" is a great touch.
im gonna read it when you post it(:
RT : this nigga got and Future on his song!!!! All on the same song!!!
the Winans come on!!
Another pass offered 2 take my garm/bag on plane as his, was told that was not allowed! Was forced 2 cram suit, shirt, tie n small luggage..
omg, donuts and beer- forget it ;)
Hearing about all of the great things Coca-Cola does for women!
thank u, I try!
we're doing some labs
The only thing more elite about the east coast media is that they can stay out at the bars later.
Conans hair never ceases to amaze me
nothing is impossibile
If you're going to tell me you hate me one day, at least live up to it. Don't act like we're bestfriends the next.
Collaborating with local Charlotte businesses today for funding! -Cody
CANNOT wait for Excision, and the multiple coming up in the next 3 months!
#shoutout to for being swag and bein my cuzin! Follow her tell me and i give you a #shoutout A
Going to watch 21 Jump street I need to laugh alittle, then going to sleep! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
thanks for this post!
Zappos renovating old City Hall for future use - Las Vegas Review-Journal
The Deal With Hell Tour will be hitting OTTAWA, ON tonight @ Cafe Dekcuf.
Me & always be ctfu together , I swear I love her !
Thanks for the amazing (and free) cupcakes! #pla12 highly recommend!
#MarchMadness is back in action tonight. Are any of your picks still in it to win it?
yes, yes I am
sarcasm! Been say'n it for couple years Baylor smells bad
hello! hope you're having an awesome weekend !!!!
Hey whoever has the job monitoring the cameras in these elevators»Ur Welcome;)! if we cross paths just smile awkwardly, I will know its u:)
Ha! I talked to myself. "The only part of my body I recognize is my wrist." "What did I ever use a belt for?"
Any tweets over the next 100 or so minutes are all about the film 'I Don't Know How She Does It'
First week of CrossFit down. Woohoo!
Yo, did you get that email from me Knox?
Really, I cannot draw a straight line or take a good picture to save my life, now you on the other hand are very good.
hhaha he will be dancing for em dollars ;)
these cramps are killing me, OMG -___-
"I was rapping at eight." - Nich Cannon
really? Im not to sure about her. But I'll give it a listen.
Nice. RT Cake and coffee it is : )
Haven't been on till now :P
tell dad to teach him "how bout them eers!"
ppl r fucking stupid these dayz
Sometimes I wish the texts I get, I could hear in person. It would make it more realistic for me.
Wow super excited for this season of RPDR!!!! :D
I voted for London. There's a lot of Mahomies. (:
Changed my life. RT : Why did we wait so long to buy a Bodum french press?
Where are you?
I always find it funny when a player talks about another teams fans. Those fans do not care what you think at all. Or ever will
Phenomenal movie! RT : He's just not that into you is SUCH a good movie. Straight truths
everyday is one step closer to Leadership!
Fuck I didn't finish my macabre story >:o
Omg. Traffic is horrible!!
Time to watch Weaver
To you all it is beautiful here, I love you all... I LIVE IN JOY NOW , I LIVE IN LOVE ALWAYS AND THE WORLD CHANGES AROUND ME...BOMBDIGITY !
Get followed by and on twitter
I've gotta be honest. Didn't expect the Highland Park Metra stop to smell this much like a hamster cage.
At least we know will not be among the many panelist no-shows today, if he's in the lobby.
Thank you for the Mention! And happy
"Klout believes you are influential in Java." Influential, a euphemism for suffering.
I think I need to take cover! Happy
good reminder! RT : #Grammar tip of the day: "Data" = plural. Say "data show," not "data shows."
I'm on the air. Call in now 702 731 1230. Be on the radii show
Your Syracuse pick took a big hit today...
Handsome Black man vs. wealthy Mormon. Jesus, all white supremacists are gonna develop Turrets trying to deal with this one. lol.
Elisa and I will be at #gbtcude. Looking fwd to it.
Seemed like a good laugh, like an excited laugh.
Beyonce should name her baby PR.
This song is Cool!I'm listening To Indie Artist Jay Rimes- Nice radio friendly material!RCA sign this artist!!!!!!!!
Coffee and Art Pepper + 11, one of my favorite Mel Lewis recordings.
Being domesticated today. Chores chores chores. Bleagh
or his jorts
Gettin' in touch with the south. Chicken, biscuits, and iced tea.
Thx, Stacey. Already having a ball.
HULK SMASH!
did something come from my twitter have not been on until just now when someone sent me a nasty message about something I sent
I'll never understand why people lie about certain crap.
Road rage mode: ON
I feel like crying. I don't even know why. -_- haha.
Hello!!! It's been too long since I saw the both of you (Patricia, it's me, Kathy Harris)
Thanks so much for hosting , I can tell David is having so much fun. Wish I could've fit in the van!
Sorry my friend was controlling my computer and did that. Sorry
That is great. i know we smile every time we use any of our rain barrels, makes the wife hum when she is watering her plants.
Hang out time with the family tonight=relaxing fun
Aww :/ no matter how much I sleep, I'm still tired xD
Loving some
RT : Chris Owusu looked good today at #49ers minicamp. He was ready for the up-tempo Harbaugh practice.
that god for Papi!!!
I can't make it. Sorry.
": My voice changes when i'm tired!" Ahaha same here
Thank you, I'm pretty excited! I need to catch up with my friends soon! cc
Don't miss the Rodney Richardson Trio next Tuesday - 4/20 - @ Twins Jazz...Sets are at 8pm & 10pm
My evening treat-a glass of red wine and a bit of Omanhene dark chocolate.
S/O to our new followers. Thank you, we really appreciate it!
Roast Rick Ross for me please
In the first 48 hours, more than 50,000 signatures have been collected to recall WI Gov Scott Walker (R)
Please don't waste my time.
One thing is very apparent...ePortfolios come in many shapes and sizes, and the tools to get there are as varied as the product.
I know amazing--and definitely thought of you when I saw it. Didn't you do a star wars paper?
yeah, then she doesn't like ya. Sorry
Agree. Adding Wave to G+ will create some great Buzz... couldn't resist.
love you, too, lil bunny! xo
Nap time!
thank you for supporting the cause.
I am but really want to understand difference in the way Fed and Nadal are handled in tennis press. Can you point me to criticism
I sampled these lyrics and made a beat out of it. "Giving up is hard to do when you really love someone." It's truth.
Yes it was
I tried sveral times to watch it. The acting was awful but the music is decent. Still...I can't watch.
Colleges do give you football play-by-play in the game-ending stat package.
I will live vicariously through your Twit pics.
@ sports authority
I feel ya brah. I still fux wit cha.
Yay! RT Finally, the time has come! Our new Forest Ave. (Palo Alto) location will be opening this Monday the 28th!
Yes! Check us out -specializing in USA camping trips. Grand opening offer two for one on all tours bring a friend for FREE!
Bag is on shuttle bus...heading to airport shortly.
hes so depressing
Everything - Michael Bublé is up next. Stay tuned!
En route to San Francisco!
Totally thought this was an IPad scam tweet for a second!
#womencantresist a man like me
Ovid It is impossible to imagine anything which better becomes a ruler than mercy
Nice hit!
RT Bought my Mom a Kindle Fire, Moms love Kindle Fires.
Do those all apply to students from Zimbabwe? Are there any key differences unique to people coming from Zim?
Sure, I have to be against the guy who has Josh Hamilton in fantasy baseball this week...
LOLWUT IM IN THE BEST MOOD.
Wants to Fkn scream!!!!!
that was the run around what i asked is sum diffent
I am so excited about the Unleashing Joy Project. Hoping you will attend on March 3rd at Davis Street Tavern 2pm in Portland
Wow, I hope they bring hawk back
We miss Prince. Free-agency mostly sucks.": I miss Aramis. So strange having him in a Brewers uniform"
I literally love you <3. You tweet so much when your on tour. You get so happy! I love you. #dowhatyoudobest<3
whenever you want to go, if you still want to that is.
#rude it is bright to moon be shining that's enough.
Mid-day drinking helps with that. Or so I've heard.
Be sure to register for the Arts Education workshop on May 10. We've teamed up w/ Second Street Gallery and the VMFA -- it's gonna be great!
I agree with Mauro
New brand, new website, revamped portfolio, new biz cards, promos, exhibitions...Coming soon. Hopefully before the year 2025.
AFPW IS THE PLAY OF DECEMBER~THIS IS THE PLAY EVERYONE WANTS BEFORE THE HOLIDAYS! MONEY MAKER$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Haven't written since the end of November. Kinda going crazy right now...
CEO Joe Assell: Own 25% market share in #golf instruction. Next competitor has less than 1%.
i picked up my dress yesterday and im trying to pick hairstyle and makeup soon and still need shoes and tan and everything!
Summertime calls for flawless natural looking skin. Slowly perfect your skin with concealer instead of covering your face in foundation!:)
That little blue pill is your friend, it doesn't matter how old you are...
I love the things TT'ing right now :)
Good ?s-->Who else was involved? What was ur role? Get the details of the story for the
Buy anything good? =P
My best friend is quitting orchestra. The only reason I stayed was so we'd have one class together :(
Oh the joy of cleaning out your itunes and getting rid of all the songs that you no longer enjoy! #timeforspringcleaning!
I agree on the auto post, rather than selectively, I like to think of it strategicially
whats up with them hawks
follow us on twitter
it was so great to see you and share that deliciousness! Hope you enjoyed Alcatraz!
Six months in this office and I just now notice I have a coat hook.
so we still beefin or what? Lol
Alright, so he's amazing ;)
Life so bless!
Cooking up a storm for a dinner get-together this evening. Can't wait! Hope it all turns out ...
What an inspiring moment before the Penn State game.
Prince Harry didn't pick the homeliest girl on the block, huh?
I wish Marilyn Manson wasnt so washed up and aged now
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY MOMMY !!!!!
Am I the only one who can't fucking stand Upon a Burning Body? This band sucks donkey dick...
#TGIF Finally! We love the #weekend in #SanDiego! It's supposed to be amazing!
Yes! We will be doing all of those at #IBMEdge, we look forward to it!
I really hope I like zumba cause I gotta do something about this gut before I blow up.
Want a Free Think and Grow Rich Book? I've Got a Copy Reserved For You At www.FreeTGRbook.com/Ucanbe
Excited for 's Toast to Tinseltown next week! Who else is going??
you haven't texted me today :/
“: I'm all late replying my bad... But yeah I'm in the army”no prob.... Sexy in uniform
currently crunching numbers...
I need to get ready! :/
The Dresden Room is packed!
When you walk by the little girls and all you hear is " Omg, he's so hot"
Fresh pineapple. So yummy!
Back to school tomorrow °<U+2207>°
wetherspoons... &yeah well you must be awful watching horror films then... HAHA!:)
train travel is depressingly expensive in this country.
lmfaooo! “: who tf came up with "finna" ? lol, i forgot it ain't a word.”
subway is great
Watching Videos:Ya'll think Puffy was slimy enough to have sex w/Faith after Biggie died?
The Soup is brilliant writing at its best...I just wonder why Joel's ties and collars are so small....
got my 4's bruh187 shipped
I was quoted today in t/ NYDaily News on how mktng & media has become a focal point of expertise in the Hispanic community. All true.
My Mother so petty she knew I wanted a dress form for my room but ain't buy it
(4) has a spouse, parent, or child who would suffer exceptional and extremely unusual hardship if the person is deported.
to u get that package?
Pizza today is...Steak and Mushroom. $12 plus free toasted ravs if you mention this tweet.
SO HOOKED ON INSTAGRAM!! AH!! Find me. instajoshmadson
Can't. Wait for
Im not going to change for anyone, I dont care what people think because im me and im proud of it* =)
Raytwin, say it ain't so. You still have a lot of fans out here.
right! And I got a car my 10th grade year so I was good. Lol
when was the last NFL Playoff game to not have a td scored? “: Want to bet there are no touchdowns in tonight's Saints/Lions game
Mobile is about augmenting learning ... Not about learning on the phone. Per
Sophocles~ It is not righteousness to outrage A brave man dead not even though you hate him.
Another fresh batch ready!
22% of Americans say that would never vote for a Mormon. Most of them are Repubs. I wonder how many of 'em will actually stay home?
everyday is just like a melody thats why we have our up and downs and we always have a missng note or wrong note lo£ happy valentines day
Smashing Pumpkins-the beginning is the end is the beginning
Sounds mysteriously interesting, good luck with your book and enjoy your much deserved break!
the only person who has my voice down pack is my 2nd personality
Pages with "this page intentionally left blank" on them are confusing! The page isn't blank, it's got that message on it! WHAT DOES IT MEAN?
YES! cute new heels, here I come :)
"do you like my soothing voice? do you like my soothing voice? r-r-r-r-r-return the map. r-r-r-r-r-return what you have stolen from me."
I love white people lol they make me happy
RT : you were incredible tonight! Best show of my life!!!
Too bad, it might convince me to buy them!
Being a city ambassador never ends. 2 clients just asked where to eat. I walked them thru 2mi of MKE Awesome.
I remember! Awesome. Be sure to find me. If you don't see me, ask around. And, if I, embarrassingly, don't recognize ya, remind?
Break ups are hard... Official or not....
Flavor Your Friday! RT for a chance to win a free bag of Tiesta Tea
what type are they??
2009 era when they first started having those pool parties at Luxor
LOL at all the sophomores complaining about world
Finally sunshine in the NYC!!!
Myy feet are killing mee from the Heels <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00A3>
The penfolds Shiraz I am drinking in the bar at the Sheraton universal hotel is delish.
haha fuck yea! That's how ya use it!
"I have faith in the Amer intellect...& defy any intelligent man to understand Islam and not like it" Mohammed Russell Alexander Webb, 1893
including myself
Making me think you forgot about me!
Looking forward to attending my first #MARAC next week.
what's up?
:) same here...so ready for football season!
Well...as soon as we can smell better through our phones and computers I'm sure we'll have it
#TweetumTuesday great peeps!
Real heroes are men who fall and fail and are flawed, but win out in the end because they've stayed true to their ideals and beliefs and co…
yoo!Devin lol haven't talked to you in forever...
So iron man, iron man 2, and captain america have been watched. I just need thor and hulk.
Congratulations Ross Swerling! You've won a raffle prize. Come claim it at the registration table.
Thanks for the retweet! Look forward to sharing youth films w/ Herring Run community @ 6pm w/ free food from Carma's Cafe!
also it's never too late for wine... However I've been told I may have a problem.
Are you going, Alex?
lol im really a goofy person
12.8. 11 marks the day we tweet positively about the families with dreams the children with talent & the ppl who believe in hope
shaking their own or each other's?
Wassup twitter! Uhmm what y'all gonna do today!! Who wants to got to fear farm Tonite!!!
talking about me behind my back? that means my life is obviously more interesting than yours
would a blog about selecting wedding music be helpful to you?
So am I! It's on preorder. :)
thanks Tommy
Carrie Bradshaw can pull the most amazing outfits, but can also have the most beautiful clothes look bad together....
Your pain runs deep... I cant help but notice.... will u share it with me
#HatersAreStupid thts all i have to say
CORRECTION/CLARIFICATION: 20% off sale includes Halloween toys and Halloween costumes only.
This is terrible editing and production on ESPN's part. So disjointed.
Well, yeah losses are real. And the headline thing is great folklore, but means nothing.
Paul Biya, reelected pres of Cameroon with 77.98 percent of votes, via Cameroon Entrepreneur magazine.
Yea he's good! : Thank you for the advice last night! Everyone needs someone like you!
Yes! I am curious how companies are tackling email. That's a huge part of what I do & I am writing a fatuous article about it.
thank you!!
Did a radio interview on KBUC out of Raymondville, TX with Bruce Collins the program director. It was a blast talking about song writing.
#DontWifeThatChickIf she has a past of being a hoe some people never change. Guys ya need a real lady for your childs mom.
Group projects are nothing more than assigning people to a group & then having 1 person do all the work...& some how that persons always me
My heart breaks for
Sacha Baron Cohen's Dictator "Kills" Elisabetta Canalis in Bizarre Cannes Stunt
#MichaelBayShouldRemake Ed Wood's Plan 9 from Outer Space.
$1 off all drinks at the game tonite with
I think he's just trying to make contact given he's slumping so far this yr. Timing seems off. Hopefully he gets out of funk
I like my iPhone b/c it lets me finish a press release draft during my commute home. Now onto more video editing. Render. Repeat. Head::Desk
I know :( I hate this weather so much.
#3WordsForYou "you got food?"
Please follow ! She only needs 9 more followers!!
Writing about the Kentucky Derby all day makes me want to steal my neighbor's mini horse
Got a text from my mom saying I don't have to go to school tomorrow
I do know howdy you guys!
I wish the Chipotle gods could keep the cheese out of the guac :(
after his blood pressure comes down. Them fools were trying to give the game away.
don't feel bad, I hate going to the door too.
None of the facts in this Trayvon Martin case make any sense on both sides. I'm beginning to think the whole story is bogus.
Not to know is bad; not to wish to know is worse.-West African Proverb
I got 3 words for you: TY LAWSON
RT : This show 4th & Forever puts the love for football all back in my heart again. Aye go watch
I LOVE YOU MAMA MAHONE<3 tell austin i said hi!(:
The San Diego/Imperial Counties Chapter of the American Red Cross now has its own Facebook page. Please check it out!
Lol! Green's gf beer is good. Expensive, but worth it if you're looking for a "real" beer.
Thanks brother-friend! Much of the digital crazy-fun began in a house that became your great company. Thanks for your genius!
Thank you, Kellie. Happy Friday
well idk, cause if I ran into you, shit would change
Well hi there lol.. On my way to the gym in a bit.. Support our troops and good causes again please.... Be thankful for what you have now!!
The "Zayn" shirt, hahaha. And the US star necklace :) Idk if I should get a small or medium tank!
This is what we love to hear! Have fun using your Groupon!
we went to Harris Lake and neither of us capsized so that is a success :)
Listening To Adele Sad As Hell I Feel You Baby!
not today :( but probably tomm!
miss you <U+263A>
I agree where's my coat, nothing worse than losing to these obnoxious fibs
Four corners: authenticity, engagement, Social ROI, community
Loves funny cops. He made my night :)
I am a twitter stalker following over 100 in the field. I hope to contribute nearly as much as those I follow some day
RT : My former #sportsbiz boss told me: "U can be an expense or a revenue but know expenses get cut & revenues get promoted"!
"You're putting high heels and lipstick on, I'm thinking that it's better than you putting bullets in the gun." Owen Beverly-Legs and Scars
Today is 4/20 a date/number associated w/ cannabis. Originated 1971 as 4:20 the time students in San Raphael met daily to roll one up
Last night turned out to be a lot more adventurous than expected... Sore as heck, but at least we got some good memories out of it.
#PCA who wins for drama
Just seen the cutest guy in the gas station but he looked suspect smh #gobothways smh
Don't miss HUMP DAY at the Hustler Club!It's gonna be WILD!
The road to riches got a lot of lanes bt shit i need a GPS
I miss too <U+2665>
How is anyone surprised that working women voted for Romney? Santorum's education plan requires women go home to school their kids!!!
I guess I'll do a little homework now.
I'm up. ;) I'm at Relay for life! What About You? ;)
The Mix-n-Mash boards are here! Artists please come by the museum and pick up your board!
Henson- you want to be scared about the state of education in our country, take a teacher education course
Boulin Creek, then decorate the casa where the fire dept had to come cus of a fire in my pod. Now i'm watching A Haunting in Connecticut!
Good luck :) you will do great!
facebook sucks. I'm ready for some Orkut. and ¡Viva Chile!
India will likely outgrow China in the not too distant future, as demography plays to its advantage
as long as you're happy, that's all that matters
Can I have some more gruel?
I'm on my way and seriously worried. I'm on 65 south in Hart County and we've seen at least 50 cars with IN plates.
first post
Our site is offline today as we make final adjustments for our exciting relaunch tomorrow! #omg!
That sounds like a great way to spend your afternoon to me! ;)
And, THIS is how we do it!! Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah, Nah... LAKERS ARE SMOKIN' in this 1st playoff game! :-) Whoop Whoop & free tacos, lol!
he seriously needs to come in the studio!! that would ROCK!!!!!:)
Yay! RT : Wasn't 5 minutes in to the WordPress gathering before I got the best new trick, evAR! Thank you, &
2 #Photoshoots in about 128 hours. Spring is in the air, but summer is around the corner.
miss you too buddy ! I am so pooped, raked the yard and cleaned today! Ugh :(
we been making all all night. Want to give us a hand tomorrow email us or send us a tweet, or post on Facebook
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau – Got Questions ...
There are then an awful lot of small sticks in public life these days.
I have to agree.
Going to my aunt house..really tired...
Thankful that the Repubs only have the majority in House & not senate & white house too
I've waited a long time, but think I finally found LOVE. It was on page 126 of my pocket dictionary.
is that Chris? Say hi for me!
Relationship Request?
bored too :(
I have no idea... I actually don't remember.. I do have the paperwork of what happend to me.. maybe I should look for it
#previouscats is one of my new fav #musiq songs...hmm could be !
that's so awesome! I know the surprise of that feeling ... Running is freedom!
who is gonna be the Celtics MVP in the playoffs?
Going through footage I shot last week, picking the best shots to start editing with.
Two Paul Hastings IP partners go to Goodwin Procter in LA.
is well aware this is a mindless topic - but a cobra on the loose, seriously?
Just impulsively wrote a page and a half on why I love Sporting KC/why they're generally awesome. May post it, may not.
Hmu next period anyone? Or text me on my iPod?
You know what?Fuck you! I tried so many times to fix this friendship,idgaf about you.You just now realize that our friendship is gone
does gb finally get to wear the green jersies being it is at dallas?
Sprained my wrist. OUCH. -___- so GOODNIGHT! Don't forget to say your P R A Y E R S <3
basic estate plan must have 4 documents; a will, a power of attorney, a durable health care power of attorney and a HIPPA release form.
Have an SEO site? Write an article and submit to WebProNews
your teacher must not like you! :p
i want to see a skylit drive live again.
Feel better sweet pea!
I am going to find a corner to nap in. Someone wake me at 3:30pm
Emilie vs Spider.
how have you been?
I'm actually in Seattle working at the Bellevue, Sammamish and Issaquah Reporter (newspaper). It's been pretty cool thus far.
Hey, thanks for the nudge and invitation! Sending e-mail momentarily.
Thanks! RT : Nice rig, congratulations!
we call Costco "The $200 Store"
Great. Let's connect to learn more about your org. RT : Looks exciting - we might attend as well.
Fight Apathy. Or Don't.
Let's do this
Both of my book clubs reading "Cutting for Stone." Just saw author, Abraham Verghese speak. Impressive!
not as cute as you though
.... Maybe Jesus will loan him $10?
Thank you. Yes, I should be on your list. Thanks!
Your brother is tearing up over here. Haha
Our site look still needs some tweaking. Are there any web designers out there who can offer suggestions or help, for the love of Tucson?
It feels like Friday :p
Gave Atlanta a good old fashioned #PointShaving last night! Gonna happen again and again! Suckers!!!
awesome! Drive carefully!
RT : You're knocking him for making the correct basketball play?
makes wonderful crafted cards
he doesnt like u
Yeah, cause giving up is always good. Nice job <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>
just cataloged mail from Columbia's School of the Arts / Writing Division. Kind of a shock to see the words "413 Dodge Hall" again.
you and your old man remind me of me and my dad fishing, best team out there
I really do care that joined twitter! (his bio) Welcome good sir!
3rd edition rulebooks for Flames of War are in!! They look awesome!!!
Just 3 more followers until I hit the 1k mark! How did this happen? Y'all are awesome!
M the bubbles are delishus! And it tastes just like aero #chocolate :)
Did the spurs beat the clippers ?
"MTV is to music as KFC is to chicken!" ~Lewis Black
You do both so well at the same time! RT At least I don't talk as much as I tweet!
Thanks for following me. Hope all is well!
GoPhone allows refill in preset amount. If $2 daily plan & $15 added, always trailing $1. Shouldn't service be advertised as $2.14/day?
Sure thing
lol I know right
honored to be invited to Mummy Meet 'n Tweet tomorrow. Looking forward to the tour of the new exhibit
what's up doc!
okay, now on to izzy drama......
Bad Bad Meow is playing at Beat Kitchen on Thursday,at 10pm 5/3/2012
When "working" on weekends, the only work I get done is when I'm taking a break from taking a break, like now, if tweeting counts as work.
HAHAHAHAHAHA, I'm not sure why but I think this is hilarious. :D
Interested to hear the various writers' views on #expandedplayoffs - doing a lot of reading this afternoon.
Hilarious and very true!
Let's make everyone happy: "Pink finely-textured centrifuge separated ammonia treated reconstituted lean beef trimming slime."
I have a 4 #YSL tix for that expire Sunday. You guys want to go?
Who knows if I'm making the right decision... only time will tell!
just changed it
I forgot to buy coffee. Woe!
RT : Today Pres. #Obama announced the formation of a new Atrocities Prevention Board. We look at what it will and won't do:...
I hope your trip has been good so far! You are the best brother in the world! Say hi to for me!
you're just so pretty
word homie! hope to run into you again soon.
Are you ready for Halloween?! Did you know our very own does special effects & theatrical make-up?!
o so now u dont luv me no more its cool im gone cry ima slap u harder now bet not have no shorts on
I don't hate cigarette smokers, but I sho hate cigarette smoke! Ugh x 1000!
Slider, low and away = guaranteed strike-out for Corey Hart. Lame.
At my moms Graduation :') I'm so proud of her <3 I love you mom
Yeah braves! Wish I was there tonight.
challenging for consulting..but so many orgs need help so we keep moving forward..if i need to take a straight job that's okay
I love your attitude of #Gratitude!
aw, I was hoping for Yoda-decorated chocolate cupcake-like treats
things are good! How are you?
That Song On Your iPod That You Always Skip But Won't Delete.
Whisper my favorite words: "I'll buy it for you."
RT : So, whose going to be at the #Rockies game tonight?
I hope ur team does better than mine (Hawks). GO BULLS!
penguin on the shoulder? What about the penguin in the booth..
Residents in 48202 & 48211 zip codes are getting a great opportunity to set their agenda & project boundaries for the
Thanks. Ashes to Dust just got a new cover. I like them too. Can't take credit for my covers; Amazon Publishing does it all.
Day 4 of doing back to back tech refresher sessions and/or prep. meetings for the upcoming school year. Not complaining, good thing to do
Organizational development in a nutshell: Define your organization, give direction and avoid chaos.
This Karaoke has to go!
Will read during layovers, downtime in Cuba.
#21CRadio Q3 How has music portability changed your everyday life?
Watching say yes to the dress
Going to see stiff little fingers on Thursday. Yeah.
To top it all off, my car wouldn't start this morning :(
Can't believe I ran the entire 5 miles (Thunder Cloud Turkey Trot) without stopping to rest. Now, for the turkey and Advil.
Follow me on onstage am! Kasey_gilpin3
#DarkShadows is coming out this weekend. Are you going to see it?
Whatcha doin in the #757???RT : I'll be in Norfolk in less than a hour, first person I'm asking about is lol
There goes another Friday night <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0094>
Just getting back from a little get together with some of the folks Shunn works with, trying to put the little one down and relax!
Harry Potter Today -- not sure what to say about the Puppet Pals.
Male survivors of CSA: it's time to move from surviving and into thriving. Don't let your perp define how your life will turn out.
Hungry. Tired. Headache. And I just want to get a pizza and go home.
Everybody is saying "we" broke the snowfall record in Anchorage. I'm pretty sure the official record belongs to me. Sorry, folks.
Yes! This was a great, creative day. I got to write many fun pages of my new screenplay. Writing has proven to be very therapeutic!
Still tweakin my new artist statement. I read it to mom and now wanting to pull my hair out now. Never read your artist statement to mom.
Three guys walk into a bar, the fourth one ducks.
Please check and see what #StationFast needs by tweeting we must support this group of brave workers.
We want to say thanks to everyone who came last night! Overwhelmed by your love and support! In awe of God.
Fashion show is over now about to head home to get my beauty sleep for prom...
People who don't take risks generally make about two big mistakes a year
Final: Dallas 61-Austin College 72. Didn't rotate well on D. Need to recommit to TEAM defense.
question from the crowd: Can service support provided by digital humanities lab sscale at large universities? how?
WOOHOO!! Done done?! That's awesome.
New props @ #photo studio! Rocks, screens, an acoustic guitar, and a tripod...which isn't really a prop but still exciting!
It is not the language of painters but the language of nature which one should listen to. . . . The feeling for the things thems
Keith lemon yer a legend
Dance first. Think later. It’s the natural order. ~ Samuel Beckett
RT : RT true, I am just not a Southfield fan irrationally. The library is pretty baller though <-- Thanks!
Rip Killer
haha. At least another six months, let's see how everything goes.
I'm in love I'm in love and I don't care who knows it!!! felt like you needed some lovin
Well no shit. He said he's repping his neighborhood. Not his country.
I *loved* Portugal, highly suggest going. I started in Lisbon and went north to Coimbra and Porto.
Awkward moment your mom's #ChasingTheSun lyrics are "daylight savings"
What, every death threat made against a gov official doesn't make the news
Hologram Tupac? YAWN, let me know when there's a Hologram John Denver.
I'm going to change mine to glovesat30
Great article on How to Use Retirement Funds to Start a Business worth the read
I like how we spell out the words "I love you" instead of ily or I luv u...it makes it more special to me<3
Cuz it's gon take medication. There no religion that can save me
Yeah, definitely. We've got a collection of digital decay over here; anxious to see Rhizome's approach
Honey I feel ya lol. I've been in a funk for like 2 weeks. Keep your head up & smile on! :-D
You know it takes skill to fall UP the stairs and I have just mastered it #BeJealous lol
Nights like these <<
• Oh yeah. Kinda forgot was nearing game time. I'm sure he'll let us know later.
shout-out back! :)
Sometimes things are
no problem
I guess the line "You will be not assimilated" has been used.
RT : - gonna be a good game tonight. might be the only time you see a Bears fan root FOR the packers i'm thinking.
Almost just just burned down my house and killed my family on accident #candles #goodandbad #shitt #imasavor good thing they'll never know
hey I feel like talking to someone I'm extremely bored
I thought we was leavin early?
50% and the other 50% is making snide comments to nearby people.
lol so there is no excuse
The USCCD is hosting a briefing titled "Pakistan: The State of Current Affairs" on Tuesday, May 8th at 6 PM in the DSM Public Library
great to see my Creative Commons image put to a good use on your IP law website.
If you look carefully, most Brown ppl who call themselves Hispanics r those who want to pass as Whites, hide our roots. RT We?
go find DiCaprio for me! ;)
that's because you are a Rep and they are Dems. Is only demanded the other way around.
your mean... I was saying it in that annoying way remember/ you member.
we took a break :] i'm ok...i guess
I am from there
Damn.... Raven Symone is Gay. The epidemic. This is like I am legend
In the END I am extremely Happy for her.
Chicken backs & necks are also great for stock (especially free)! Wings provide the most collagen, which is why they are ideal
If a client, due to lack of tech. knowledge, says you made an error but you never state the facts, then that error becomes very real.
lol text me
What it meant to be will be :) : Shout out to and for Introducing us to Peaces Yeauuuh”
Heard they're paying them $214 mil over 9 yrs RT : Mr. Belding and Skippy are about to host this #BrewersOnDeck event.
In case you missed the article, Indiana ranks 44th out of 50 states in overall fitness of the population. It's time for that to change!
The average woman would rather have beauty than brains, because the average man can see better than he can think.
ill try [:
Thank you
Not sure what you mean. Find me and explain when you can.
Wish I could recall anything from formal...dangit
Just can't find the right balance...
how much is it??
I guess not goin for the home team is teachin me as lesson good win bucks....nohatin.com
Now that's a lede.
Good Morning
hmm.. I don't know where to start. I've been watching melissa and Joey since it came on tv and you're incredible. Follow me?
Miss all of ya's. Just got done performing on Hollywood BLVD. You don't need a license Jump on sometime
Spitting on an MTA driver will give him or her an average of 3 mos paid leave to recuperate from the incident(?!) www.village-agent.com
Stay low and keep fireing
Poor Joy Behar. A panel of loonies posing as experts. C'mon Joy, where's the NY'er in you, call the BS out!!
Dear world: Palestine is not spelled I-S-R-A-E-L. Thanks.
Good morning! How was your weekend?
Thank you so much! We're looking forward to our next 100 years!
Am I the only one who still double ties her shoe laces?
what part of NJ u at bruh
Guardian Title will now be broadcasting its news and updates via Twitter!
it's Thursday! Time to get To THE SMILING MOOSE For LUNCH!(11am-3pm) LOTS OF KILLER Food & Drink Specials to choose from today!
Anna: Same power structures that exist in 4th estate are in the 5th estate.
Well hello weekend. I've been missing you all week,
I'ma bout to go to sleep
It an honor to have you as a friend
Talking biz on WXXI 1370am @ 835. This week, all Desperate Housewives recap. Oh that Orson.
Can I get a vaccine to inoculate me against H1N1 anxiety?
ya haha a great reason for u to pull my nail off my finger *sarcasm*
Student Expect instant feedback and Gratification.
aw shittttt what kinda axes you got?
missed you tonight.
This economy is perverse. Truly perverse.
All tied ip after 4 between Friendship and Thurgood Marshall 59-59 in Washington Charter League Championship.
I know, I've been very busy too just had to check in with
Sike na im still a virgin.
another crowd pleaser with 06 Cab. This is definitely one of my favorites
My wife is making me relax tonight by taking me to dinner and a movie.
Can we go
"I'm going to bang your brother " Cc: look out!
Leonard fires Sheldon from a group project when he becomes too bossy tonight at 6:30 on The Big Bang Theory! Watch with us!
Expect nothing, live frugally on surprise
oh hot damn this is my jam
So far today, I've read stories on racism ("I'm not a racist!") and sexism ("I'm married to a woman!"). Now I'm waiting for homophobia.
It amazes me when I can't find colleagues online in any form (not even a LinkedIn profile). It's almost like they don't exist!
no I told the truth:)
our Artist is performing LIVE on May 19th BLKFOX lounge NW DC...Come out!
Thanks to my wife and her mother going to a musical tonight because I finally got around to watch & rivalry.
Watch out- I love karaoke.
Well 10mikes left then back to my comfy apt.
I just finished a 4.05 mi run with a pace of 9'35"/mi and a time of 38:52 with Nike+ GPS.
Very soon, Taylor! We'll keep you and our followers in the loop. Thanks for asking. We're very excited!
Lakers lost D: >.<
Finally its Sunday,i am gonna relax whole day :)
aww omg <U+263A> I try I try
Miami fucking with you fam... when you coming down here?
DISCUSSION: What is your dream collaboration?
Waitress last night said she was sure this wasn't the Bethlehem "birthplace" of Jesus, she paused, as she wasnt 100% sure.
i tore something in my ankle....but i refuse to walk with crutches.! i hate being crippled
just kiss her.
Tools like make it easy to stagger your social media posts.
Absolutely, so nice to have an instructor who really gets involved in class! I wish they were all like that.
Please follow ! She is such a big Enchancer <3 PLEASE! She loves you! <U+E32C><U+E32D><U+E32A> 12
3 Steps to Wellness: #1 symptomatic care, #2 corrective care, #3 preventive care. Are you satisfied with where you're at for 2011?
Well good luck with this round of #HCG! Remember if u have any Q's, u can ask us! :) RT just started again
I am bringing chocolate chip pancakes for breakfast. See you in the AM friends! Awesome work today
should do a show about a #cakepops. We can do a tutorial.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
I know Austins voice anywhere. It's so unique, when he talks, when he sings, when he laughs<3 (:
If you can afford Flash, and teach this software, have students animate concepts, etc. to make Science more exciting to study.
Small biz killer - Allowing the rep who landed the "whale" to live off the commissions forever - what about new business?
My only thought on Demi Lovato joining X-Factor, she dies realize she has to be mean to people who can't sing right? #hypocrite no pun.
is it worth getting?
I'm a man with many pockets
yeah that's true (:
I tweet to god the most. He always hears what I have to say. Thank you.
(my hesitation is that he ends it by declaring that Mueller's FBI has essentially "gotten it right"; now that Obama, all is well, etc)
you said you Dodd amazing
Adele makes me proud to be a Brit, more Adele and less Paul please!
#UKnowUHungryWhen the day-old sausage in dah PCC staff break room looks prettah gud. hands off....mine!
11 hits- and only 1 for extra bases.
Coffee Roasting pros- what's the best roaster- Ambex, Diedrich, and US Roasters, are there others I should consider 2 to 5 kg
Most People wait until the perfect time to do something great. I learned from a mentor that... Perfection = Procrastination.~Aaron Rashkin
Glad the weather is a little better today.Can you imagine living in this type of hot weather all year around? Its like that in the Caribbean
It's pretty safe to say & are the baddest bitches in the world on stage right now.
Remember to floss EVERYDAY!
On a laziness scale, I think the Snuggie far exceeds the Forever Lazy.
looks like someone is either up really, really late...or got an early, early start to the day...
In reply to my last tweet pahhhhh!
So she's kinda traveling for work too. , we need a band. MT : Off to start a tour with
“: Im defiantly a CHEVY man...but I'd take the Ford Raptor over any Chevy!”
Head to the Venice for the best latte of your life & then a sandwich Malibu but both are not to miss!
#BeAware that your attempts to hide your flaws don't work like you think.
always more important! we look forward to seeing you at our next events!
Made my mom a #HappyMothersDay late Breakfest. It took me an hour and a half to make pancakes cause I have skill.
One Through Five.
4th movie 8 Mile, big ups to for realizing Greg Buehl is the same guy as Nelson from Board Walk Empire
ThatCamp FaSoLa sounds an awful lot like a singing school. Sign me up!
like super bad! We really need to find something to talk about on these tweets I have to tweet everyday Smh!
Scratching head over latest pop-up "customized" ad: What triggered pitch for GED prep course? Did They spy on recurring exam anxiety dream?
I WANT 770 FOLLOWRES PLEASE HELP ME . FOLLOW ME AND ME FOLLOW YOU PLEASE HELP ME
Getting really tired of Rhapsody online player dying on work laptop. Need tunes to get through the work day! Might have to *gasp* use a CD!
Made my mom bring me home from my friend's award show thingy just to watch 's keeks. You're welcome Alex. Lolol.
Make your FINAL COUNTDOWN to 2012 at the SCENE!!!There will be NO COVER or ticket sales, however we will be taking RSVP's for a 7-9p.m gue..
13 hour workday in the books!
bub, don't make me get in my sierra gmc 454 leveled out automatic extended cab and cum whoop your ass
December 31, 1974 - The Yankees sign Jim "Catfish" Hunter to a five-year contract.
": you do that to me ! -.-" BECAUSE its funny how you react cx lol
really..I would have though the default would have been Gmail?
A 2-0 #Timbers lead could have changed the whole mentality of the game. Shame.
?QOTD - What are you settling for that you should not?
I can't stand rain. Spring now, give me sun.
Girl you know you drunk when you lose count of shots.
Have a good shabbos y'all!
you know I love coffee--I'm totally there! Just name the date and time. :)
Which brands do you think are doing right?
good night
arching For Music Publicity & Promotions Person There is some pay. If you know anyone, please send them my way.
Heart Internet Launches Advanced Website Builder For Designers
Fish are food.
RT Two Special Limited & Numbered Ozzy Vinyl Releases Set For This Sat April 21 on ...
Need to study for finals
En route to the bar and confused by the Twitter chat. What's the score of the Bs Caps game?
MMG takeover at #Echelon3000 Thursday don't miss out with and other guests ! Ladies Free All Night !
Thanks for sharing. :-)
Hi That was a nice article! What is your opinion on the growing role of technology in education?
been good you bro?
you were also featured on The Robert Conrad Show on CRN Radio this afternoon! Go 'FOLKLORE'!
follow me back ?
Omg. Jordin Sparks is getting too skinny now. I know you want to be healthy...but come on.
hahaha no I'm watching Hawaii 5-0 no I didn't get fired hahahaaaaa...
you're cute(:
Goal? protect kids during separation/divorce; Solution? change the broken family law court system; How? change status quo, break rules
How did you do with the Avengers in 3D?
cant wait! We just need to find everyone IDs
Rob Lowe is now tweeting that he knows what is being said on the 18-minute gap accidentally erased by Rose Mary Woods. Get me rewrite!
#FF Wicked smaaht social media types:
RT : Did I win did I win Lisa?! :D (only my heart, Mike!)
Anyone else heading to the pop-up shop this evening?
Best day eva! I'm single, no date, but I still got ass! Yeah this was the best v-day eva! And I didn't have to spend any money! Don't hate!
M chicken adobo smells delicious. Can't wait for dinner!
St. Patrick's Festival Week! Catch Timbers MLS Debut Live at St. Patrick's Festival, March 19th!
Got to reserve my spot at SAA. I need a Chicago fix!
I felt something touch my leg, and the lights just flickered as I'm tweeting this. Awh shit I'm gon' die tonight!
Wow, now I have to decide between Skydrive, Google Drive and Dropbox.
it's funny how money changes situations...
I wanna watch that movie Buried. Inever finished and i heard the end was the best part.
Ninja turtle lookin ass <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
From Tech Maven to Jane Austen Geek
My blog is giving me a lot of trouble. Is there a techy person out there who'd be willing to help? Pretty please?
They want to portray Judy's life in the best way they can. The good and the bad. #SUinNYCTheater 'End of the Rainbow'
I so smoke. I do drugs. I'm a virgin. I go to school & I will not lose my self respect just to fit in.
He trynna go in on my toes tho..
RT : So pumped for TONIGHT! Hit up any of the leaders or myself of u need a ride. 6:00pm
Back to this paper when I get home
#InMiddleSchool were some of the most crappiest teachers ever!
taking my mom out today .
; i have insomnia .
Today I Finally Realized That Sweaty Palms The Giant Has The Best Lyrics On The Planet Earth ....
doing nothing again all day.
Yes, a wonderful book! Have we talked about this? Is Moby-Dick next??
Every time I watch dance moms I wanna stretch.
what's your guys budget bro
Yeah but we always say that. Lol Saturday I'm a call you fasho.
thanks for following along!
Just looked at Marians schedule for this upcoming season. Looks like we play Franklin at Franklin for a night game. Get ready
Global Pharmaceuticals Industry
Yes, it was filmed in and around
old songs are the best-but try listening to Young Bravo at www.reverbnation.com/youngbravo1 You might like the music!
G O O D N I G H T !(: DON'T FORGET TO SAY YOUR PRAYERS!
Earlier today i checked the Kony 2012 film and it had 7 million views and now it has over 11 million views
Grow up you 27
I can finally get back into clowning!
I mean tell me if Im wrong after you watch his "worlds fastest moab" he just posted
just chilling with and Jillian getting some good Pasta in the system before getting wild tonight
Hey N. Carolina: I know everyone is trying to Twitter shame you right now, but I just wanted to let you know you still do some things right
RT Where the Guerrilla Girls On Tour are! www.facebook.com/GuerrillaGirlsOT
Downstairs for shelter. Upstairs for yolo lol.
Can't Sleep I should Hop online
ask him if that thing on his neck is a tumor!
Find any good stuff?!
about 36 hours later that complete Fourth Doctor torrent is almost finished! These are exciting times we live in folks.
That awkward moment when a rapper is occapella freestylin in your face and you not feelin it.
As they should be! GO CATS!
According to , the first modern breast augmentation took place on November 24, 1893, in Germany by Vincent Czerny.
hey Thanks Dude !!
How did your poli sci test go? I didn't get any texts re how many senators each state gets (2), so I assume you kicked ass, no?
Dear guy spamming one of my online contests: the email prefix "slipperypete" totally doesn't make you look a guy who spams online contests.
you need to freshen up on your mean girl quotes.
Thanks for including us!
O my bad
Library Legislative Day! FLA honors Secretary of State Kurt Browning. Advocates visiting legislators. We support libraries & MLCs!
On Wednesday Disney is showing Eloise at the Plaza @ 8:30 PM!
Every time it rains like this i listen to Northern Downpour... #goodthings #p!atd
And ready for our group numbers!!! Let's go get them dancers!
Hanging out at Georgetown public library this afternoon.
We're making a music video!!
I never order much food 'cause the kids always have leftovers for me, now they eat it all! Piggies. I want more pizza.
World studies -_-
Happy Easter.
Hear from the woman who brought it all together, offers her take on ebooks and
You would think that this same bs wouldn't bother me as much as it does....but it does
So apparently being a parent takes up a lot of one's day.
No work on Friday yes :D
Swinging with KKJZ 88.1 FM from Long Beach CA. Right now their playing Etta James "At Last". Sweet tune!!!
Everything is annoying right now.
I love when i see BS shirts, and WH2U shirts...
« « When I'm bored I send a text to a random number saying "I hid the body."»»
i would expect nothing less
that is such wonderful news Regina. God Bless him & ur family. Hugs to u!!
Some would argue that Duncan already deserves to be even/higher than Kobe. This would take rings OUT of the conversation.
you know what, that's a shitty excuse lol you owe me.
DPW Chairman, Mike Tate, on the ED SHOW (MSNBC) tonight. Making a big announcement about the Walker Recall.
OMG Justin Bieber followed me because i followed Today!! OMG :o
I dont wanna be Here (school)
Ok, I'm gonna watch the whole thing anyways. x
Monday workouts are so whack
Don't complain about shit you brought upon yourself.
Woke up with a stiff neck :(
#Dolphins draft key #10: Refuse urge to laugh hysterically when watching post-draft analysis by Bill Parcells, Matt Millen, and Herm Edwards
Mabby escaped too. We will be seeing her next Thurs. can't wait!
I'm here now I'm Helping throwing it
oh how can you not love this beautiful, blue eyes country boy! Who you rooting for tonight?
I like the WR's we have but none of them are going to do anything special, need to atleast take a chance
Glad you love PeekAnalytics. Josh Mackey (GM of PeekAnalytics) will be in touch early next week with pricing, etc.
PM Should we talk about what we are doing? We need funding or risk losing momentum. Tessa manages my calendar 920-886-8279.
YMCMB is in the Building!
Hope voters in Penn. New York, Delaware, Rhode Island, and Conn get out and vote today!
ME TOO
nice! Taking a look!
I will master something, then the creativity will come. Japanese Proverb
Niggas can't fight so they pull guns smh
There are a lot of things. I have nothing against you and I'm ready to be nice when you are.
Why are you so afraid to commit to anything? You admitted that you have feelings for me!
This photoshoot is "enlightening". Window into my life.
I'm going to be in LA April 29-May 2 for work! Let's hanging out with me!
So true - excellent advice!
come on guys i dont see #HU4L on the TT;s yet!!! lets get there!!!
see you tomorrow!
yo yo yo...thinking about driving up for the match play event in NJ. Thoughts???
Well I'll show some initiative.
O'Brien a native of Minneapolis. Midwest kid. RT : O'Brien: "Wisconsin was home. It felt like the place I wanted to be."
agreed!! I love that show : )
love it
Good morning folks. Up early for Arsenal v. Chelsea & a cup of coffee Feels great to be back here.
Thank you for a GREAT SHOW!!!
at hotel monaco with the azzara gang
Tomorrow we announce the Twestival line-up. Get ready!
Thad Young return to the #Sixers bench
it kind of died. Wanna revive it? I can set you up with an account!
so far so good! We are attempting to beat the odds, one month at a time. Psyched for your wedding. Why are you guys in the south?
It seems like the biggest question is: Are critics pro audience members, consumer reporters, or advocates for thtr?
what if i'm wearing a white coat? o,O
love u too
just went on a following spree, my followers n following list lookin sad :/
that's wicked rude tweeting that about your BOYFRIENDS fans. Smh.
When I was much younger at age 4, I rode my big wheel though a pile of leaves.... on fire!
This guy in the parking lot just slid his truck when he tried to park. It was a fail and it was stupid.
It was so nice to meet you yesterday at the #yelp party! Congrats again on all the success. :)
I was attempting to switch my Fri & Sat night shifts & ended up getting the whole weekend off......... <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008F>
Thanks for the support! Much appreciated! Maybe you will catch me on Thurs.!!
Mine are 4 years apart but boy/girl. You look great!
Ha he was trying to get chose by Black Widow.
i'll give 'em some beats... of some sort. then (eventually) drone 'em out with niblock.
Thanks for the follow! :)
omg the bulls lost for real?:(((
making my mommy something to eat :)
I'm impressed with #diigo social bookmarking. I can see a lot of use for this in teaching and scholarship and
..And when I am honest I am automatically humble. ~Hugh Prather Today Is National Honesty Day
So nice to know that Robert Wood Jr. woke up in a warm bed this morning. Thanks Hanover Sheriff's dept. and volunteers.
Are You Serious? Why Are They Doing That?
what is happening. what are dates, socks
you do it then and we will see who's the puss
How could I take seriously with that avatar? Did he lose a bet? Will the NYPD be talking to him about it? They should.
Thanks for the follow! I like your #OccupyTogether poster.
its not easy but we all have to face the challenge.
Thanxxx For Giving Me Aye Hug Today /: ( Sarcasum ]
great driving music.
I'll rise if I must, but I'll shine when I'm ready...
i have eliminated most of my soda. What do you do about milk?
Bookclub tip 2: Start a club with your child to get some quality time together.
it was good to finally meet last night! what a guy! haha
Getting a tweet from would make my night!MIOBI taught me to shoot for my dreams!ily guys:(
": RETWEET if you want a follow back? FOLLOW an di will follow some of you back..."
new show "Person to Person" is like MTV's "Cribs" for Baby Boomers. Weird.
Sitting next my friend
Mad shout out definate follow black and major followers
you are a good American!!!
going to the thrashers tonight, it is verses the preadotors, we gotta win
Follow me back please ? <U+E056>
im in heaven <333
RT no the pic stays good reminder of me just demi “: now breakdown and change your status pic. lol”
Marvin Lewis came to play in the bad coaching duel but Kubiak is actin like hes not even trying. What the hell?
haha so am I. But 4 days until the show \m/
Tired of gaining all the weight back after your diet? Check us out and learn about Phase 3 and how to LOCK IN your loss www.lasvegashcg.com
Has Austin announced how we know we got m&g?
Come back anytime— & too—but, yeah, enjoy your desk for a while first. All the best.
make a GOLDUST dvd set!!
Pensions, civil service reform, and the silver question were among the chief of these
Be safe today. The conditions are bad in
And last but not least: Public Diplomacy Partnerships in Practice w/ 's Robert Banks, , and Zhaohe Che!
I know that Lubbock's weather really blew this year, but why did my final schedule have to as well?
I love you, but your iPad app is bringing me down.
These people's projects are all elaborate and whatnot..mine? a collage put together online.
based on the amount of naps #sportingkc players take...i'm thinking we'd benefit if our jersey sponsor was '5 hour energy'...
wat does that mean??
So much for my errands I had planned today, guess I have an excuse to remain in bed :)
More important, does 6 terms guarantee lifelong pension and health benefits?
maybe b.c. you didn't tweet much.
no you dont!
People often feel that communication is as easy and simple as it sounds
Just saw my first short on youtube. F-ing love it. Thank you to Zach Block, Drew Mc, Machi, Amy, Hartley, Mona, WIll, and Meredith!
for category 1 you should do sweetest angel. :)
Omg you totally grew up lol im watching "Jump In" you look so different this is really magical lol
You do realize that in order to tie it up if anything other than a Grand Slam happens, you have to rely on Raburn. Which means a loss.
Scheduling a brunch with a friend on Mother's day might not have been the best choice.
No. At home.
Seems almost militant and It won't affect whether I read his books.
Give me shout outs and follows plz I follow everyone back and return the favor!(:
i am always confused by these smileys --> (: at first glance it looks like a frowny
"These values cost us millions of dollars." lives its values.
Everyone is singing in their cars today.
Call me on my phone and ask me why I haven't called them. Um...'cause I didn't want to.
As you can tell, i'm pretty hyper todaay
You a night owl? RT : Guess sleep in the near future!
Maybe he should come out during Project Manhigh... If we can get him at all. That guy is BUSY! -J
Haha! Yes, totally thought about you while I was there yesterday! Was so much fun, but you were missed!
What's up man? When we gonna hear a Ramones -Blitzkrieg Bmore POP?
lol I knew that was yo ass at MJQ.
They are lucky to have you dane
obsessing over justin bieber it's like a guy obsessing over his stupid videos games. Everyone loves something weather its a person...
def disappointing to hear.
Dont touch what you cant grab.
That is great news!
RT : "Bootstrapping is a way to solve the problems you have, without having to get permission to do them." -- Tom...
hey chica! I just realized who you were, cute pict:)
Yesterday: replacement iPhone; new GPS unit; learned I can order on 7/26. Today: #OSXlion upgrade.
First tweet! Excited to get my culinary knowledge and nutrition education working together as I start trying out Cincinnati's best eats!!!
Tasted some fantastic Rioja today! I think I'm in love.
lmao right I was like what?? Ashley went thug?!
Great guess, just a tad high -- Produce % of Foodbank distribution guess #TriviaTuesday RT : - 40%
Conell was useful. Just wish it had started a bit later. Speed networking almost fun. Bus tour was beautiful, but long.
So glad I don't have EOC's this week.
ok I did u got one back
cant roll a blount for shit
#zotero is a godsend
I'm getting tired
Let me see yo footwork
Thanks for the Jose V love.
No, it's taken care of, but thank you for responding. You guys should try to fix your phone problem though.
wherever you want dahhlin!
Michael Buble is funny like Justin Timberlake. Very cheeky.
Yay! is my 2000th follower! Thanks for the follow! Love that you're an environmentally-friendly farm!
Speech making no sense
looking forward to an evening at home with you.
Just almost got into a head on crash with and old lady driving the wrong way on the 125 freeway n the fast lane.
#ff <-- follow him or else
Why am I tired.?
RT : Just saw Ben Franklin at the McPherson metro station. He looks good for his age.
Have you had barrel aged cocktails yet? My vote is "odd"
May your mother live always in the hearts of everyone she reared & loved. Bless You R A
Hey Starbucks! What's with all the cheesy 80's pop music today? Just curious.
I think we started 2 hrs 15 mins ago. I think. I'm under the influence...
Straight killed my workout today! Good thing cuz it's Shots all night, babay!
On my way 2 six flags with and bout to be straight chillin in the hot sun lol #need sunscreen please lol
hey, missed you in class yesterday. What class you will take on Sunday?
y the sad face??? I will be back
jbreezy bout to cop some some dome, #I'llmakeyouwet
wow.... That's a lot. All I had to do was find a current even.
I want a Check next to my name! *For all 10 followers to know it's REALLY ME! ;)
are you and alexis dating? lol or are you just taking her to prom
Now pouring - Mikkeller Beer Geek Breakfast + USA Alive & Dark Horse Plead the 5th.
are u still going to do radio show during may? Or will u be at IMS all day everyday?
People at work want more work to do to pass time.I don't get it. I'm perfectly happy sitting in a chair with an iPad, iPhone & the internet.
Happy birthday ! #gcf all the way
RT : Bartending tonight! Come up and visit me :)
Sitting in Step Bench because my toes keep getting mutilated by furniture that hates me
Suddenly, everything has changed
Must have starters in.
we are going!
Georgia Bound.....
Atkins: AB1585 inventories assets, protects government-purpose assets from fire sale, but Brown wants those assets
63 cents/meal Um...A LOT? (ReMega Millions pot)RT : How many people could it feed?
love u too
Oh my goodness! I just added my book cover to my Twitter background! That was ridiculously easy. Yay!
pretty sure I asked to lick your face, so technically you're saying your face is donkey shit?
Hey there! Maybe we'll run into each other -- accidentally or on purpose -- while we're here at
Thanks, , and you're too kind, ; right back at you on
Don't just chase your dreams, catch them.
I am now on a full-Skyrimm info blackout. There's just too much info hitting the interwebs now.
You better not be talking about that duck. -JeffO
I try too. Last year I came home around July. I'll be home lik3 3 days after my birthday. We gotta do some extreme fun! Cook outs
City Kitchen: Cooking With Fresh Asparagus
Wouldn't miss it!
Almost broke my nail trying to scratch my weave
Draw a sheep on his page and the down arrow on her record)))
Hey fam, follow us on twitter
that would be my luck lol
About to be on Boston with to discuss May Day.
yay! Good luck!
You're protecting the #sanctity of #marriage? Oh please! Then outlaw #divorce. Stop being hypocrites!!
Party outfitters is a great company and I've loved working events for them this summer
RT : EVERY1 in Calif. who votes can vote 4 me! I'm on the Ballot! Pls vote 4 me not romney/obama in CA!
Where r u sitting? U can message me if u want.
Morrissey in May....counting the days.
omg lady! Go home and cook!! They just handed her a tky & a carving board I swear!
just got it!
Found a nice tree to lay under and got a book in hand
Dear Your shouty PAPER TOWELS tweets make me more happy than they should. I hope they realize what a gem you are.
Fascinating talk at #LAK12 by Katy Borner on visualizations - reminder of how communicating complex data elegantly to tell a story matters
Im located most of the time in Orlando and the rest of the time im in New York
Not true speeddating. Would be more than a min each. The "max" references the # of women they'll getting intimate contact with..
Gr8 reading this wkend As promised, we will tweet an excerpt of Terry Wolverton's reading.
I feel defeated any every fight but, then again tomorrow is a new day..
bummer. let's grill out at my place when you get back to celebrate
I'm feeling pong tonight I'm still undefeated lol
RT : The GOP won’t repeal DADT ‘cause they’re nervous about those post-war victory parades.
S/O to UTexas students and advisors at
Vote for RIF Pittsburgh! Help us win $50,000 to help the children in our community! www.refresheverything.com/rifpittsburgh
Trying to start a Baltimore bike advocacy org. Would like at least one FT staffer. Honestly don't know what to shoot for.
Congrats to an amazing team here at Elder Ford of Tampa. Last April 85 Sold. This April 143 Sold! We were 1st in percent of New Car Objecti…
The goal! But we need universal adoption & time - I can hand out cards faster than I can bump everybody's phone ;)
One of the last times taking the bus back to Madison from Chicago. Soon I can take the Metra to get to the city!
dude u didn't reply with anything but out names lol
how u doing bro
Ohh! Hope it's divine. RT : Looking forward to dinner tonight at The Grille at Morrison House
Many don't have priors.RT : Do Oregon schools do background checks on these morons?
Or a fastball that Soto swings right through. Incredible.
I should be happy to see a starter big coming back in the game, but Booz smh!
Ok lemme let my phone charge n get off twitter n fb
I always love the looks on people's faces with I mention Twitter usage or FB post %'s...like they saw a ghost.
When Your Going Through Some Things Who Can You Run 2? Please Give Me An Answer!!!!! & I mean Someone In The Flesh That Talks Back!!!!
Its gonna be funny! XD
Truth! RT : Education and information help reduce fear/anxiety for patients. Transparency is key
yep, and it's the other guy who is average. not me!
I can wait till Sunday to see the Ferris Bueller Superbowl ad. Why is it big news that the ad can be watched online now?
Tangled is so cute <U+E022>
so great meeting you and your lovely wife! Cheers, talk soon.
he was awful!
Art institute w. Scot! Fab
Hi Josie! The more NZ tweeps I meet the more I love your country!
I've had nothing important to tweet about lately.
Potato Sausage today from Old Country! Really flavorfullofdeliciousness. Spicy and Mild Reindeer Sausages everyday
Though we provide only non-medical care, we also offer services to elders suffering from #Alzheimer’s & other dementia-related conditions
Hey that pic from Clark Park was cool, you have any more? Woulda loved to have gone to that.
You aren't a redneck if you don't fuck with Trunk Muzik
How is everyone doing with keeping the holiday pounds away? Definitely ate more than I should have but kept up with my workouts. How bout u?
So sleepy...
A man can do only what a man can do. But if he does it everyday he can sleep at night and do it again the next day" -- ALBERT SCHWEITZER
Eddie Kingston runs in and chases Jimmy Jacobs and Timber to the back as the show fades to black.
- cool, see you then.
Thanks for the RT today. Hope you're both well and keeping busy. Have a great weekend!
Midnight Mass tonight for us! Getting traditional this yr! Ps- just watched several good friends sing carols on Ch.9, so proud!!!
which branch? RT : just called the D.C. Library to ask if a deer crashed through their window. Yes, I was told. Best call ever.
Your " I will" is more important than your I.Q
What was the issue with your's? I can tell you my next laptop will NOT be a Vaio. Support is terrible.
Party at Grasso's house Saturday night lol
I set up a stream of scheduled tweets, but no results show there (although items are scheduled).
Love itRT : They're not missing ur call, they're not forgetting to text back, they're not too busy, they're just not interested
some evenings... the sunset just gets to me.
Anybody out there with a #WindowsPhone? Tango, the video calling app, was just released on the Marketplace. Best of all, its free!
So...you like BBQ? Kabobs? A particular Circle of Hell?
My heart goes out to the Madden family. Especially her kids.
NEVER!! i will never curse him with that name!
thanks! I think the voting is over now ... Thanks for your RT!!
Moreover, you can gift them to someone special and the person would surely remember you for a long time.
HOT DAMN! Joe Girardi gave 1 fu... goal. Yea that's what I meant
Just competed.. In syracuse.. Waiting on this award ceremony
That sure looks like a nice way to work!!
there are so many books to choose from! you need to read something by Fuentes.
Unfortunately I have to agree with you.
Best mother's day present of all...free time!
Haha, of course! As are you.
How is Habibi?? I've had it on my Amazon cart for ages, I should just buy it already...
Thanks for following! We help finance co's that are premature for banks. Looking forward to connecting!
While I was away, it seems that Roomie readers have nominated that Roomie-hater "Death" as the website's pet troll. I love my readers.
Whats next? Gotta love life. lol
aight but I'll try and send em again if this don't work this time then you might.lol
Or pretzel nuggets
how are you?
The EEs for short! :)
Quick to the point to the point no faking, I'm cooking MC's like a pound of bacon
very cool! Looks like a great book as well.
Deron Williams... Wow.
Film day 1: Wrapped. dinner time. :3
Who run's the world ICONic Boyz!!!!!:)
g was only thought about himself in terms of history. K remembered having read about a man who considered history
Spending the day with fellow WV Dems. Women's Luncheon at the Gov Mansion then to the JJ Dinner to hear Al Franken. Sure to see many of u.
turn it off before they announce the decision and you might be able to sleep
UK X Factor was way better last year though.
We appreciate the note! Keep an eye on the site - more features soon. We just launched 2 weeks ago!
whats the point of having penniless loafers
Give God something to bless. When you do your part, He is faithful to do the rest. I am a living witness
Did not get any airtime... I will watch out for him in the UK Snooker masters on BBC 2.
Thanks! Trying hot rollers based on our conversations in Winnipeg!
“: Guys who shave at the gym are homeless, right?” Yes
Angelina Jolie in SALT was non-stop action eye-candy. Total fun!
pretty good pretty good can't wait until summer (: kinda :I
it's so annoying!
Morning grind...
Fabulous Romantic Movie...go SEE! The Lucky One based on book by Nicholas Sparks.
And another important question for you is
Making shrimp scampi for a late dinner!
Hope everyone's staying safe from the weather today!
only if you've picked up madd database programming skills!
can't seem to get the fuck out of Texas
Bertuzzi calls security on the Preds for trying to use the Wings ping pong table... In related news, Preds update b-day party guest list.
Have I totally forgotten how to write in cursive?
ThX 2 all for making my Monday mornings ... Just adore each and every one of you!!
I can't believe the #frow is gone!
Many thanks for RTs!
Wow! I am extremely disappointed in how you are doing your sales :(
Check out this great article called Best Healthy Weight Loss Plan: Diet vs
liquid earth, clementine
Another day, another flat tire. Going home to switch to something with kevlar. Winter roads are so bad here.
I got $100 on Sarah Jessica Parker to win it all this weekend
This is the most tv I've EVER watched.
Love it! .RT : you did a great job with the video! and i love that you have a bracelet on!
It is officially 2012 :)
lmfao gay chapel? Your ass wouldn't survive there foo! Oak Cliff has nothing but junkies
Who wants to bring this girl some food?
i'm in Miami I try to get to Florida every other week
Google honors 50th anniversary of historic space flight when Yuri #Gargarin became first human to take a rocket into space www.google.com
The Mile High Horror MUSIC SHOWCASE will be held September 27-29. Look for details in coming days!
Stylish Spanish right by Mission Bay Visitors Center with large patio, two decks and minimal yard care.Newly Listed Bay Park Real Estate
Jeff's bachelor party has commenced...
Preparing for a glorious day of writing. Wonder what will get organized and cleaned today.
#AmericanIdol why the duet?
Wishing I was at #MW2012 this week, even though I'm technically not a museum person anymore.
: Literate,liked the article and appreciated the referral.I thought that was the meaning of ur"Lit"
Loved me that #GameDayPolarBears commercial!
that is a great quote. I work hard for that simple statement
#followfriday #FF looking to connect with home builders across the nation...how are things in your neck of the woods?
Pan roasted rushing waters trout, braised greens, baby carrots and turnips anb BUTTER! Featured tonight and #Friday fish fry
text me!
quit tweeting and texting!
hey to you Christine! THANKS FOR THE FOLLOW!
podcast experience. Waiver wires segment.
Listening to on beats > anything else.
shout out to . I really appreciate you sitting down and talking to me bro.
aahahahaha. This was jarring to me. It jarred me. It took me right out of the story by how false it rang.
So, U haven't had dinner yet, huh? it's not 2 late 4 R #GridGrub deal: An open faced Turkey Sand. w/mashed potatoes & veggies 4 only $5!
Admitting you have a problem is the first step towards recovery!!! <3
seriously disturbing
Just landed in tri cities for a solo flight.. Nice weather up here! Heading home in a few
This Sat we're back w/ the hottest DJs in the bay in the house for a SUPER DJ showcase! TEXT PURA to 99158 to get on the $10 discount list.
Great event last night! Loved hearing trials/trib's of successful entrepreneurs. Best Edu event so far.
Had no idea that did Kim's wedding. We chatted a bit, while riding the elevator in Bergdorf's, couple yrs ago He's super nice!
ya the smell and just looking at it, my friends it taste good... i wont ever try it to be honest..
#follow Friday. Ty for mention
I speak their language, hint the last name duhh. kakahhhh haha
Life is a gift and I don't plan on wasting it.
It's 2012, having a website is mandatory.
O my stomach just rumbled<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> this could mean a lot of things! Haha
I had a really good day :)
u postin spam comments n inboxes. U shuld change ur password b4 they sudpend yo account like they did to me lol
in the email you'll see where I fucked up haha
The regional company of Top Fam Entertainment are continuing to recruit team members!
Your twitter picture is stunning!
I am, let's make sure we chat
You got everything you wanted.
Im back missed yall
phew. found some old champagne in the fridge
Coming right up! :)
Watching Ghost Hunters with Viggle Wed | 9PM | Syfy Get real rewards just for watching TV.
were following you bro ! Please follow us !
and the next one is 2 days old? #mindthegap ?
started following you, hope it is okay haha ;)
happy to hear it was a great day! :-)
I am 24 years now, yesterday is my birthday,
If I had to Chose between Breathing and loving u {Princeton} I would use my last Breathe to say I LOVE YOU PRINCE! ILY
Bitches keep unfollowing me. But, for every 1 follower I lose I seem to gain 2 more!
it ain't even bout bn authentic or original no mo cuz muphukaz groupies
You are so freaking Hot!?!
I was hanging out with had fun todaay
RT : after attending the reception im proud to say I'm apart of the red storm #classof2016 #cantwait -> Welcome!
There are so many cells from the books I would love on a T-shirt, but I wanna draw something original.
Got The Finished Copy Back...Finna Spam Ya Email
Georgia Football: The Ins and Outs, Highs and Lows of the 2012 Schedule
HaPpy FRiDaY... Another beautiful day here in Boston, the sun is shinning and I don't need a coat. My spirit is up... Friday nite, wat 2 do!
According to the library catalog, Sara Stoney Turing wrote the book. I'd guess she's his wife?
Successfully! RT : :) I try!
I'm actually taking the quarter off! Couldn't seem to find my motivation, so I figured I need a little time off to find it again.
Gonna write a recap of lessons learned from my 30-day inspiration trial today.
Still looks like this is 30 Rock's last season, though. :|
Anyone elses #terrier have absolutely no interest in squirrels or birds on or off leash? #justmine?
trey songz is dead
Follow my Movie's twitter and facebook page- it's Grey Skies Movie on Twitter and Grey Skies on Facebook!
you are welcome!
workin on my tan lol, just playin. Yep I'll be out here all week workin.
Symposium RT : Join us 2:00 PM MST for our emerging media preso Privacy is a Myth at the TCC Worldwide Online Conference
Always makes me smile on a rainy day. (long intro. Worth it!) "Fred and Ginger: Isn't This A Lovely Day"...
Thanks for all your help last night at the launch
What's cookin in the kitchen tonight ?
Current word count: 1610.
Great...I was afraid that I was not using the "1:1" term correctly, lol!
haha i missed the memo
lol who knows? It just fell out randomly when I was sitting at my desk.
So are the Sox! Boo Reds and Marge Schott and Pete Rose!
The East Boston accent is out of control. Kid behind me on the bus won't stop talking, favorite line yet- "I don't do college kid".......
well...that too. Haha.
Haha...I'm hoping for a job someday where I can wear sweatpants and go on Pintrest all day.
The 2nd thing #Klout thinks I'm "influential" (influential,not knowledgeable so sorry) in is INSURANCE! WHA?!!? Really!? No, Klout, no. NO.
boston need to stop playing and close out this game so i can go to sleep. lol
yeah it seemed a bit more than seepage, but I don't know, I ain't no marine biologist!
Um, especially when your site doesn't use Java. At all. Sigh...
Entourage...Season 4. Good night
": scott gorell is always runnin to class" that's exactly who i was thinking of lmao
I'm aiming by the time I'm fifty to stop being an adolescent.
Learn more about our Online & Weekend Learning (OWL) program launching this Fall! Go to: slis.cua.edu/owl
My eyes can't stand being open another second.
Im sorry.
#Dior has a new fashion director #RafSimons. Simons said he will present his 1st Haute Couture collection for Dior in July 2012
lmfaoo! Omg! I cant wait to see it.. Haha<f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+009C>
probably cause it's something differen't i'm not use to.
Cohen: AAS needs to maintain traditional function as physical place w/vast curatorial resources, even in digital era.
Is Perry advocating for a subsidized energy jobs program?
I'll def check it out!
Na na na gonna have a good time hey hey hey!
Wow the bears r killing it! Of course they r playing a high school team.
Politicians should not expect the whole nation to agree with everything they believe
KISS FM will be here tomorrow from 1-2. Also, 30% off EVERYTHING and FREE wine and cupcakes from 1-2pm. Spread tha word!
excited for next week c:
Good to know! RT This Is How Coffee Went From Being A Cheap Commodity To A Gourmet Drink read.bi/weUxlR
What do you do when you bored?
I wish I understood what that means!
Hell yeah that would
Oops- lost track of the numbers - but more advantages to ereaders - travel; and peanut butter wipes off.
Get your tickets at the Early Bird Rate here: www.sddemocrats.org/dinner
Just Finished Packing For California! Gonna Leave For Gig Harbor To Meet With My Friend In A Few Hours. Goodbye Mom,Dad, And Friends! ILYA!
#IPOMilwaukee opening night going strong. #Trolley killed, and #GreatLakeDrifter sounding great!
Psalm 9:10 NIV Those who know your name trust in you, for you, Lord, have never forsaken those who seek you.
The TV show "Finding Bigfoot" reminds me of the movie "Unstoppable." We all know how they're going to end.
Cud Do Wth A Nyc Cold Glass Of......
(AP)Texas DA who brokered plea deal with former NFL QB Ryan Leaf files motion to revoke his probation and will press for prison time.
I got to sleep around 4 am. woke up at 9:20. Ops needed to be up at 8:30. Was late for my book group but at least I made it.
My legs hurt and my lips are so chapped from the no food no water preparations for surgery, sucked #
Rocking the IRC for the 1st time since '95. survey-what's your fave windows irc client? i'm shopping
How to get the most from internal communications: live chat: Universities are investing in external communicatio..
Don't mind my phone - you can keep talking. That was just my Bullshit Bingo App.
Move over Slap Shot...Goon is hilarious! Grab a Sleaman Clear and enjoy, #eh?
sounds of #berlioz are echoing in the hallways. first concert coming up 9/21!
RT : At incredible pizza time for fun
Some kind of hate fuck
You're very welcome!
My arms are so damn sore
He looks so serene for a man whose ear canal is slowly filling up with frosting....
#mlearnclinic When considering a new LMS it is important to review for mobile access through browsers and app in android and iOS.
I lobbied for Nina Dobrev; I think I got her about 1000 votes!.. She's all around awesome! :)
Massive headache this morning, wow
...and $3 Drafts and House Wines!
noo :( I like talking to you :D
Now you can buy one of my paintings! lol
Think I might need to read 50 shades of grey after seeing that snl short.
no problem :)
Confidence is the companion of success. -Unknown Author
All my Asian brothers singing "all I do is LIN LIN LIN"
Gotta say: 23-18 at halftime is one reason I can't take college basketball that seriously. Except for LIU, of course.
what was your ticket for?
decisions decisions.....
Holy crap!! Can radio stations plz stop playing songs over and over and ruining so many creative and unique songs!!!!!
Now that we got the tough one out of the way let's hope they come in bunches now !! GO YANKS !!
Thx! RT Looking forward to Grand Opening next year. ": Bellini Williams Island will be done May 2013. - Marty Margulies"
I strongly dislike you. Pfft. I'm done.
Evil Empire
yeah. I enjoy a wide array of gluten laden cuisine too ;)
completely identify with this. Losing everything I owned was the greatest gift of enlightenment I've ever received.
You better have!!
": yes for sure lol", lol i still my friend.
Hi, all! Twittering on my iPhone, finally! Let's see if I can catch up with the 21st century! :P
Probably Green Day : )
I'm not in the mood to work tonight.
Ah..yeah...sure...it can happen...lol
Inmate found hanged at Woodhill Prison in Milton Keynes « Everything about the life in the ... | via
Mr. James Free-throws Win games
Are you ready for phat beats?! Well then check out my dope new track "Honey-Do". Dedicated to all those hardworking husbands out there.
Where Dem
High of 59 tomorrow is kind of disappointing.
Weird, when I knew her she wasn't such a bitch
Stigma of being perceived as an Oriole fan aside, the cartoon bird logo is just too sweet
Can you keep it down? I'm watching Hot Tub Time Machine.
R.I.P to the good times.
oh yeah a challenge will certainly help :) I read about the same speed; my issue has just been finding large chunks of time
Is Popsicle a proper noun? Haha!
Happy Friday! Have awonderful weekend!
Want to do more business in a week than you would in a year? Come to our #CEO Space March Biz Forum. 4 hr drive from LA. @ me 4 details.
Happy Birthday :)
why should it be different than any other show?
Tonight is game 1 of a long and successful NBA career. #Duke nation take notice. Tear 'em up
Now in Portland Maine: Riveters 46 Port Authorities 130
2 entrees = a free appetizer at in May. HELLO datenight! Proving once again: Best way to your lover's heart is the
Yeah,high school me could have afforded to eat a donut or two.
Today has been almost a complete waste, I wish I didn't have so much I need to get accomplished...I'm not 100% lazy :( ugh to life sometimes
it was hilarious!
those are dirty
Aye shorty move around.
lol the only reason...;)
Looking forward to #dirtysoap tonight!
go get em' Stew!
Right on! “I don't play accordion music. I play music on an accordion. Just saying ;-)”
followed me ! JK that wont happen :)
How often do you think about the purpose of your life?
Thanks and for the mentions. You are appreciated.
thank you! :D
okay ill talk to you more on the bus??
Are you more emotional or more rational?
Working on some great new web pages for Thomas Hull Fine #Jewelry Creations. We built the new Website based on #joomla open source #cms !
why is every fictional restaurant named Le Petit Fromage? The Small Cheese?
"She conceived again, and when she gave birth to a son she said, “This time I will praise the LORD.” So she named him Judah." -Genesis 29:35
loves the little Ocean.
Isn't it strange Obama sides with Muslims on every issue involving Israel yet Islam will execute gays?
WHOA! Shut down at 210am last night! Bodies rocked, minds blown and glitter everywhere. THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR MAKING #TITWRENCH3 REAL!
they are showing the happenings onside on the jumbotron outside but only about 10k allowed on the south plaza
it is on my Facebook too so you can!
I really want to see Titanic in 3D
FWIW: On Tuesday there was a Cubs scout in Appleton specifically to see Drew Gagnon pitch. Left early when he didn't.
that WOD looks crucial!
So the hashtag for today is #wcsea. I'm so going to mistype this. (Currently bothering )
How will you encourage participation in the discussion boards? #hightouchhightech is there participation grade?
#AskNathan Are you guys coming back for a concert in New York soon? Please follow :) xx
Here we go. Are you following along on Sporting Explore?
im so happy you have twitter
Have a great weekend!
Hacked by :)
Just took a relaxing walk in the twilight with my DH now settling in with a beer to work on the chapter again.
I hate all NYC teams “: Wow how much I don't like any sports teams from New York. Way to cocky.”
Congratulations KOMETS on an awesome game and WIN!!
I felt special until i found out you talk to every girl like that.
Can't wait to see Johnny Depp in #DarkShadows...He is a great actor...every film he makes is unquely brilliant!
We needa get ratchet to this song tonight! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082><f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+0081>
": Who has best #Klout score of any TMA-member physician? Best I can find is 55: and ". Pretty cool. Thanks, TMA
looks like Laura has gone home for the weekend but Gil is still coming for dinner
SAY YES LULU
Be gone, Minion
NEW STUFF UP IN HTTP://WWW.MOJOSWOLD.NET ALL NEW - 'Pic of the Day', 'Music Video of the Day', 'Quiz of the Week', 'Puzzle of the Week'
Very sweet surprise last night a caseworker surprised 1of the grads by inviting her mom to meet her at the grad party.
u right :D
Restoring the beauty...
"Goldfish" by won the Audience Award and "What We Got/Found" by Jason Moliterno won the Jury Award at Missed Connections.
LMFAOOO. yeah I couldn't keep a straight face writing that... I'm dying. Stopppppppeeett
We are mirrors whose brightness, if we are bright, is wholly derived from the light that shines upon us. ~C.S. Lewis
lol type in #leo on twitter and read the stuff hahaha
ugh. hope it's back. Just checked and it's still In the admin panel under the Manage button for me.
um. Yes. XD Sorry, it's just not something I talk about openly. XD
am mad cus u gettin paid for free. U n Cross ain't did shot since yesterday lol y'all ain't real
#tees are $15 #snapbacks are $16 pick up some today!
We just named our work printer Hal.
i'm to picky to get high on anything but life..
going to help make a Peach Cobbler...god that sounds so good
You fucked up more then once , we're done .
Great morning Killa how are u
Time to settle the madness -- Bring on some college basketball!
In due time.
thanks uncle jeff. Love you to!
Today's Get Energized tip: When possible, wash clothes in cold water.
#WhenAustin wears v-necks.
why won't you let me check in????
dnt be sad lol(: nope im not a baby either(: im a big kid now xD hahah
We'd love to and will definitely keep you posted!
what positions are top priority for Green Bay??
hope you have a great day <3
Just got back from eating dinner
wait what ICON summer camp?
S/o to my Nigga
Thanks! Had a great time with your Dad's class - so fun. Pleasure to meet you, and good luck with graduation!
damn well when is your next project??
Congrats of Abrams Artists Agency for taking home the honor of Youth Commercial Agent of the year! CIF <3's you!
im at ur service :)
Make sure to get your votes in for Exec. Board positions!
Cory Chisel And The Wandering Sons - Born Again - 08:15 AM visit www.RadioTAGr.com/WFUV to TAG this song
#GoPackGo Field goal range!
Stopped by for a build your own burger. Green chile, bacon...AWESOME! Fries? Perfect. And the iced teas were so tasty!
I love you #Jameyrodemeyer. Love your brother, freddie.
if I did I would get it & give it back too you but i don't .
lol I've been in a huge project.
I know! You were so right!
We finally got in a shipment of Max ARM Anabolic Recovery Matrix! Come in and try out one of the best recovery supplements on the market!
Thanks, good timing-posting two new ones today
in La Jolla for their kid's meal. Yum!
Santorum wants to pass you the torch of passion...pray for him
#Houston bars, Stats and Railyard, are finalists for Nightclub & Bar Magazine's best bars in the U.S. for best sports bar and small wonder
Oh hello, falcetto. Didn't see you there.
Yes Going Ham--->RT : pool party??
Reds won <3
ill be at my grandparents as well Saturday. But game 4? It's given me food for thought.
So.... This dude is outside literally dancing to Michael Jackson in the rain!!!! Incredible!!!!!
Getting sleepy they need to hurry up :/
Tonight & Saturday at 8pm is the Afterglow fireworks show
Indeed! I can do plyometrics or lift several pounds (or both), yet running for 20 minutes is more taxing on my body.
Your right mom a salads really gonna do the trick
Your tweets make my day!
follow back?'
Thanks Kate!
Bacon, bacon is the only thing that that I'm having at the waffle house
you could always geh someone to shave em
I love that this verse begins with 'but.' But cancels out everything before it. Then it continues 'seek ye FIRST..." powerful!!!!
i really need to know why ppl take kola boof seriously--she is absolutely insane. i've never seen anyone more ready for a straightjacket
It's SO tough! I love food!
ur coming right??
So how everyone in my 4th block failed this Unit test and Armando yells "WE WAVEY!" Lmfao .
Hey, Al! I hope all is well :-)
My top pick still stands though. I lived in Paducah, KY for 6 years. I'm still a big UK fan. I'm sure we'll part company there. :)
Help! Any recs. for training staff/vols about distributing ipod touch tours and making visitors feel comfortable with the app?
Thank you Vets!
Also our goal is to get professional quality acoustic foam to all musicians at an affordable price please check us out!
#StrangeClouds drops May 1. Soo excited. B.o.B
FUCK YOU I should have seen this coming (if only I knew) I'VE NEVER KNOW HATE UNTILL I MET YOU >:(
For all occassions #engagement , #family, #children , #baby portraits!
Happy Birthday!<3
hey what's up?
Finally home, time to turn this OKC-LAL game on
Did you know I was a former race car driver? - What's something very few people know about you?
Lol my 7 year old nephew STAY on punishment! Every time I call he always in trouble!
Good luck in the contest! Have you had a chance to check out our app?
being home on a rainy friday & watching movies is the best thing ever
Laughter never sounded so good.
You couldn't walk a mile in these 11 and a halves even if you had a chance.
Just got done unloading work,going with Lynda to the groomers,bank&get food,done watching a two year old&showered
i should have gave The Crimson Armada a chance a long time ago!
49 minutes to go till Blog Talk Radio interview with Trish Hennessy!! Hear clips from NEW Moving On CD!!
Yeah, I'd need to NOT include 'shitty' and every version of the F word. I guess that would defeat the purpose, huh -_-
RT : "Primary Sources are the great equalizers in class" from Pri Sources in Classroom #nerc12 #sschat >>Interesting idea.
u see what im talkib about u didt invite me
Someone apparently saw Lea and Cory sucking face in NYC yesterday. ew.
Woot! - 400 Like Threshold reached and passed!
when people are bullying you the only way to get them to stop is if you start fighting back
I play a superhero on the Internet. Does that count?
You know I am not coming right?
What if I got a lot of bare-breasted friends for you to sign?
Back in my own office after more than a month - aaahhh. I missed my stuff!
God shut the fuck up. Least im not fucking talking shit behind your back. just because your having boyfriend problems
Other sites? Who needs 'em, Shannon? You know we've always got your back.
Hollywood by RAC is one of my fave songs right now!
Happy mothers day to all of the single moms out there we appreciate all of the hard work you do!
The security guard admitted to being a fan!!!!! :D Xx Love it
Thank you! I kinda rock the other 364 days too! :-)
heading to AT&T to watch Tim pitch, see ya in the KZone!
anytime :) see you Thursday!!!
DEN finishes with at PHX, Orl, at OKC, at MIN. They're not out of the woods yet.
This is the most bizarre #daytona500 I've ever seen. Then again, I've maybe watched 4 laps total in my entire life before tonight.
I haven't had #follow fun in ages. PLUS it's Friday! Let's connect, folks! TGIF!
yeah, that could get pretty confusing.
I've really been digging Twitter website's shortcuts lately. (Type ? to see them.)
Definitely scheduling in some beach time during my time in FL for #SheCon. Never thought I'd miss the beach this much!
Excited for this weekend. Pumpkin carving with the boys, UFC, and Jayden's first birthday party.
The Tigers bullpen suspect but they also need a consistent #2 hitter that can play 2B & an OF that can hit & play defense
Book A Star for Your Next Event. Send Offer or Price List Request to DNS AGENCY For All Your Booking Needs***
Tech N9ne ft. (Chali 2na, Del The Funky Homosapien) needs to happen one day
man I wish I knew what u were saying.
he should get together with Kenny Albert when he's overusing the word 'opportunity'
Those of us struggling to find it might just have to come watch it with you on your laptop lol.
Hopes you can listen to Invisible Hand on Radio Freedonia from 2 to 4 on 91.1 or wtju.net. It's a joyous release election day!
Years ago I read the only thing that generally matters to an art buyer is subject, color, and size. What matters to you?
you chose him over your puppy. OVER YOUR PUPPY. Omg.
I'm getting them as well.
Great job today :-) Hooray for productivity, being grounded & having a lot of energy.
One word: Osmosis.
what are you doing up laughing like a crazy person?? Go to sleep lol
Apples to Apples Day in #creativecomp. Reminds me of Spring study hall 2011!
Please send Riley Boychuk home for just one more season!! That is all for today, thank you!
thank you.
Damn I haven't seen this in forever
Really? You needed Google to come up with that lukewarm burn? Call me when you have an original thought.
I was a bit stoned, and the moving buttons made me really happy for some reason. :)
": serious inq. Only" I am serious send me the details
One of the beauties of #entrepreneurship is the ability it gives each of us to fulfill our own unique potential!
Had so much fun last night at #greatdane!! was the best dj to bring in the new year with! :) Danced my a$$ off!!
So many cops out tonight!
Fuck that shit!! Take it like a G! ": NBA needs to introduce a mercy rule. This is pitiful"
I complained to that they put some of my reviews into their "filter". The result? They put all of my reviews in their filter. True
Caught in the rain? Should have gone abroad. Study Abroad Fair - tomorrow, Thursday, 3:30 - 7:00 - Athenaeum.
Got my prom dress back tonight its so pretty!!
Hi there! If you DM me am email addy, I'll be happy to send you a brochure!
whats good jo
Influenced my co-worker that Taking Back Sunday is one of the greatest bands ever! AHA! Great Success!
ima pop the trunk on ya bitch ass
walk then
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats
ASDFGHJKL; you follow everyone but liam and niall? lol you're cool -.-
people tell me i'm good at that :D
#FF have a great Friday :)
“Where does the #UN go frm here w/a concept that has been damaged by what happened in #Libya but...is an essential concept"
Got the champaaaign all night
Talked grad assistant through ways to finding local community info for project she's working on. Got her from frustrated to enthused.
Hey I am interested to see some real Navy SEALs in a movie!
RT : RT : Tough in the chamber, pussies in public. #WIGOP in action!
shit gets drastic
after a weekend of racing, I'm knackered. Um, but there's a great race this Sunday! (seriously, someone stop me now)
current drivers ed lesson "driving with the radio on" #sorryforpartyrocking . . .
alright, Joel.
What exhibitor are you excited to see at ISE?
Hilton Head in ten days.... Time to get real serious about this beach bod
Just working on the construction of swords & giant battle axe today, no big deal.Wanna be a part of it? indiegogo.com/verlosser-a-short-film
thanks for following((:
Need to put some pizzaz in your holiday party this year?
But you gotta admit, Austin looks ten times sexier without braces...
Freaking awesome season finale! #Justified What the hell are we suppose to watch now?!?
RT : whatever what the fuck is a packer anyway at least a steeler is made out of steel and steals nice shit..
« Focus on the positive...»
wow nice find !
One more week of school.. I'm outta there , and ima get distance from all of this.
Thanks for the mention.
Lost my reason to sing. Don't want to anymore.
What do you call a stripper who embraces technology?.... A Camm Model!
thx so much! So nice :)
Sounds pretty good with a cigar and an IPA, too.
i really should be studying for my final..
Lots of will be closed on Mon: Butler, Journalism, Music, Starr & sadly Barnard as well. Return books to our bookdrop.
#basketball RT Orlando has attempted 87 shots all season via isolation plays. Kobe Bryant alone has attempted 148.
Me and ball at the omaha mall ;) we are gonna go look for some SICK SHOES and hot bitches ;)
was there a hashtag from the preconf?
are there gluten free vegetarian hot dogs and sausages? Field Roast isn't gfree. Thanks!
Now time to do some hardcore creeping on everyone else's prom pictures
there i did (x thanks for following(:
WHATT?!? It can't be
white, black or grey? size? Do you want a player shirsey or just a general #WhiteSox tshirt?
It's been rumored that Skiles wanted a buyout, but didn't get enough money from Kohl. Supposedly cleared his desk.
I was gonna say... lol
(cont) Mom continues: Boys die sooner because they take more risks, make worse choices, and don’t listen to their mothers.
Life is a balancing act. Last weekend I had a great time with a bunch of cub scouts winter camping! How do you spend time outside of work?
There are those who will run you off Twitter for saying such things! lol
Would have to agree. RT I do believe this is the sunniest December I've seen in my 7 years in Oregon.
I gave up. #house and me yelling at the neighbor kids is more exciting than
I bet your imagination is prettier.
Had a great meal and fabulous wine at tonight! Great Wine Club perks, too!
RT I want some birthday cake!--happy bday to us!!!
and are the realest girls at archer.
Class of 2012 :)
Thanks! Enjoy your weekend too!
Criticism is not nearly as effective as sabotage
We Will Always Be Beliebers.<3
I don't know how I feel about Apple sending me an email about the iPhone 4 on the same day Jobs died.
After you read this, drink a glass of water! Then RT so your followers can do the same :)
This time they tweeted quicken, sharpen, and intensify
im behind this lady that smell like pig belly
I can't believe photos of hipsters are worth $1bn. Clearly I am in the wrong field. Of course, it's not the photos but the data they bought.
And the crowds get insane as soon as you get south of the circle.
you have a new mexican fan :)
Anyone else already excited for the construction at 465 @ Allisonville to end?
ha Ohio lost
The B-A-H Nation is growing...1,028 likes!! Thank you all for the support...we appreciate each and every member of the B-A-H Nation!!
#Audish #audition tip for the day: Think of the audition as a job #interview -- dress to impress and stay #classy!!
Me and 3 other Cleveland features for Sober Sally??? omg...
Love #nyc on long weekends!
Thanks for the +K ! Have a great week!
cannot wait for my disney vacation in 60 days!!!!
Lee Evans is back.
Ain't it crazy whatcha lady will do for a pair of loubs
part of me can't believe it. Then again Bs have played more games in last 2 years than anyone.
You're eating ovaries...
Getting ready to go to a basketball game today
Dear Chez Billy: "Dessert" is spelled with s's.
at least he didnt have to stay for a long time :( i'll text him, i havent talked to him since five towns ended :O
thank you ((hugs)) & kisses!!!
Last time ;D
well at least not this week.
Brag: I have a 1st Ed of Line Of Beauty signed by Hollinghurst *and* Dan Stevens (Cousin Matthew)
That should be me making you laugh.
2010 election - discussion of the results and turnout, on WBOK 1230 AM
Thanks for sharing!
This tip could save you $100 or more per year
Only thing is that no one seems to be out of power.
being at work makes me want to commit suicide.
oh fun (x just woke up.
Great words to live by RT "Be real. Consumers are smart. They can tell, or easily find out, when you are not."
Hate to admit it but McDaniels picks won us our games last year.
lol not yet. Baby number 2 comes in July! For the moment, my lab entertains my son lol. But yes, lots of energy headed my way!
Happy hour makes me happy. Cheers!
Baseball, #Twins baseball to be exact, and my day is now complete.
#1DFaveQuote you love your friends but somebody shoulda told you somin', to save you, -
Cap hit doesn't change. RT : His cap hit is $5M...not sure how that works if he's traded though.
pocket change.
lmao that was to one of my friends it was supposed to be in a text but it came out as a tweet .
that's just what we do. Have fun!
You drank it dry. That's why everyone left. : Saint Cloud.
I'm super excited to get my new iPod! It's almost here! :D Just do you all know, I'll probably post a lot of selcas and videos. Keke~^^
Thanks to #Rebelles and Jessie Cunningham for naming the Mile-High Club mascot!
Thanks, got it, cheap nasty old crap. I will break out the mimeograph machine.
wow two pros ( and kidcardiff6) make deep runs in the 100r and record it. should be a sick series.
*9:30pm* Me: i should probably start homework i have math and history to do! Tumblr: PAY ATTENTION TO ME!!!!! Me: ... Okay!(:
RT : *sigh* how the time flies
for health information exchanges. RT : oh - great quote: "information flows at the speed of trust"
hope i get my new phone this weekend
Just watched a Christmas video from 1989; I got a Sega, got a robot and got...a hat
Isn't it grand?
Roots new menu, creative american fare, upstairs, downstairs, happy hour.....
Step 1 to happiness: give up your need to always be right
Thanks for spreading the word about the new single!!
Always, the answer is «<U+266A>NOW<U+266B>» RT When you plan a summer vacation, how far in advance do you start your countdown?
<U+263A> I had to. Lol I miss you!<3
Join us in prayer at 9a as we gather at the to pray for and remember those who lost their lives and were injured this wknd
bruk down drexciya, bounced their mythos around foucault + tate ideas, splashed in related jimi's sample.
me either!!!! Cause trust me, I'd shake it for him ;)
Thank you all do much.
Follow me I follow you back please
i did! im gonna get yelled at if i do it harder aaahahahahah :)
fucking chinese people took like all my eyebrows off.
Cowards die many times before their deaths; the valiant never taste of death but once.
#USAPRO if you care to follow along too.
i'm not goin' school tomorrow , idk if i can take it if somethin' happens and i'm not there to support my daddy ): please pray for him .
so proud of them and their hard work. it's beautiful .. i'll keep you updated when we have our opening
RT : San Francisco Giants home opener April 13, 2012.
I know you know how I feel about you. I'm just waiting for you to react now. I'm surprised it's taking you this long.
I'm so glad u made it out James! Thank u so much:) RT": I'm at about to check out heat up the stage"
Many ways! One way is to listen to and engage with customers to understand changing needs. This helps innovation. Cheers!
Let’s go, pedantry!
How many of you actually use video games in education? I demoed Medieval town life using Zelda 64!
....and for the record - easily the prettiest girl on radio - dressed to the nines - Moody....eehhh....not so much....
Timely topic. A closer look is definitely needed.
Katten's Glen Donath available for comment on John #Edwards indictment. Has experience with campaign finance violation investigations.
and Ibiza this june... is it really possible!!?!
Hah! No it doesn't. Bug, bug, bug. Back to '97!
When me and had a connection today..he's to weird for me.
is partnering with DancEthos.org. Support modern dance choreographers of tomorrow!
Tell your San Diego friends about the show at Soma on Nov.11th! Dev, It Boys, and Jeffree Star are playing too!
Why does the leap occur on February
Yes he does, 20%
They make whatever test you pay for, even when guidelines ensure they will be psychometrically weak MT : validity of Pearson tests?
Thanks for the follow, and for sponsoring NPR all these years.
EVERYONE TELL TO GO CHOKE ON A DICK.
This is 100% true actually RT : /phillies'd RT : Bases loaded 0 outs you HAVE to get more than 1 run. HAVE TO.
Who else is looking foward to the new album is releasing? Deffenetly covering many of those songs :)
Look better then any girl u date with no makeup on and pit bull?? That's ur girlfriend haha but hey u had to get what u could get lol
4 hours prolly. Time change too. Nash is central. Atl is eastern. It's an easy drive through the mountains. Pretty.
I've been watching Courera and have actually signed up for a short summer course to get a sense for it! Very interesting.
hey your cute. KBYE.
tell me about it- ours are 1 pm Fridays :(
how about I spent like an hour one day trying to find all the songs we play there cause I liked them haha
You're welcome.
the problem with your request is that there are not credible news. Unless it is raw data.
give this white girl a try
I love that the neighbors are all out watching the game, Its like a party out there
thepiratebay won't load :( my life is over..
seems like just yesterday you were 17... lol happy birthday<3 [:
I wish would wake up and text his girlfriend back. #pronto!
"That King Cole" wasn't as good as last night but made a couple of nice plays for the Heat.
Irish car bomb cupcake? We just might have to try one!
Happy Wednesday everyone! Two more days til the weekend!
idk from what I can gather he DIDN'T hit the bitch, but apperntly SHOULDA hit the bitch
thanks for the RT Aaron!
How is everyones night?
whats the time there
that was hilarious and spot on! I totally agree!!
hope u all had a great wkend songwritn n singin in Nashville, LUV IT!
4:40 am and I'm still not tired :) #beastmode!
I love ya and everything Eddie, but spending my night learning 180 vocab words wasn't exactly on my agenda
very pretty! I think that one artist was probably born in a West Texas desert... Though maybe his mom had cravings at birth.
Really, ? Your web team didn't plan for today?
After a discussion with a friend, I've been doing a lot of thinking about slasher movies recently.
No, "Reach and Blow-By" isn't an adult movie, its Baron Davis form of defense.
A New Day
wedges and walking for an ETERNITY!
Are you ok?
Happy first day of spring!
Taking my baby bro to stock up on some J's & clothes. :)
I miss your company </3
300K? Where did you get that?
20 hours till my first final....
They saw my check-in! +1,500 SM Points RT : The Green Kitchen is fantastic. So, what's the verdict on Lavender DRY, Elisabeth?
Shout out to some new followers!
Good Answer....lmao
First place in trivia!!!!!
It's much easier to apologize than it is to ask for permission. Until later xoxo
Wisconsin distillers seek to offer free liquor samples. Bill being considered in Assembly. Source: Journal Sentinel
Last day at this job and #NCT. Literally no one.
What did you guys do tonight?
haha that was a little insane.
you too!(:
Better luck next season
I completely agree about the power of a great picture. Often I spend as much time looking for the right picture as writing the post.
that's not easy
thats w I'm looking for, compatibility with prostudios, now is even better 'cause since PT9 it's open to work w any soundcard.
Nice goal game tied. Beautiful.
Booked time to go horseback riding next weekend in Malibu…. excited! :) :)
If I could favorite that picture a million times, I would.
does she still hate me?!
sounds awkward.
Where did you see it? Providence or NYC? (or elsewhere?) I'm going to see it for the first time in Rochester in 10 days! :D
Yup. That's my feeling as well. I want to be good enough to design a manual that makes people say, 'Holy crap!'
hmm...i want to learn how to play gutiar(:
Now that FLL has been cleared to have flights to Cuba, how can I travel there?
R.I.P Whitney Houston your will be rememberd in the music industry forever
You tried your best and you failed miserably. The lesson is 'never try'. ~ Homer Simpson
Wanna trend We Love The Victorious Moms?:]
Thank you Diana Conzuelo of Realty Constultants for another Section 184 Native American closing. The buyer is happy & she saved $BIG money
i'm no fan of MSM, but kudos for letting #teambreitbart try to explain the vetting BS. but watching hacks like pollak is painful.
sucks for you.
U R so cool and quirky, like us autistic kids. It's Autism Awareness Mo. Pls. read my book, "How to Talk to an Autistic Kid."
HERES TO ALL that dream bigger then the world around them
Art is food for the soul.
Lawsuit kindles debate over e-book pricing
not at the moment...are you?
New day , new opportunities
They're moving in herds. They DO move in herds.
ah, but my computer is an iPad and my desk is my bed, and surfing twitter is not always work.
Fuck that drinking shit. I'd rather be smoking nshit. ~
ULL's Sander Maes leads the decathlon through five events with 3,823 points. He leads William Oliver by 89 points.
Elections? What elections? We run a Benevolent Dictatorship 'round these parts.
Every adversity, every failure, every heartache carries with it the seed on an equal or greater benefit. Napoleon Hill
Happy St. Patrick's Day from Robb Long Imaging ;) Enjoy some Green Beer today!!!!!!!
Lmbo that's funny RT : My mother never carries her phone and always wants to borrow mine<<<<
Despite my complaints about life, I'm in a very good place now.
good luck!
My family is so weird.
Things I've never thought before: The commercials are better than the show.
girl turn me up and let me come through your speakers blow the sound out of your tweeters 'cause baby girl this is the
Swag so ill, think it's contagious.
Prayer helps! :)
Missing flamenco class tonight because I'm on the beach - a valid reason right? See you soon!
That is not as unique to New York as you might think. :(
yes we could try, I doubt they say yes though
Hey Check out Lyndale Tap for brunch this Saturday. I have been there 3 times for brunch and pleased everytime
Lol I dyed it brown cos the red faded and she didnt like it . But the color turned out cute . Like kinda burgundy brown
I just want my pants back
go to YouTube and see little me. Type in grandson gets brain freeze
Hysterically laughing at my sister trying to get down the ladder of the bunk bed <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+0082>
What did I do in the Secret Service? Fucked some whores and talked to the Nuge!
Ha. I was in a hurry and it seems my iPad did what it wanted. I'll proofread next time :)
Up Up & Away
heeeeellllo there. i know who you are but ive never ever talked to you, and i thought that should change, haha. (:
One of my favorite funny guys, Adam Sandler, turns 45 today. Big Daddy and Billy Madison are two of my favorites.
Cops like that should be patchin' fuckin' roads. You failed the test private joker. R U a fuckin' comedian? Go onstage with that bullshit!
"Highcliffe Hall" and "The Aerie", Magnificent shingle style Victorian mansions photographed in 1904 - Yonkers, NY www.VictorianSource.com
thank you! Great for brides...brides and grooms should start getting monthly facials 6 weeks before the wedding!
Can I have a boyfriend like Liam Hemsworth in the last song..?!
More business friendly term for "composer"... aural affect consultant?
probably but that will be a long time from now
pretty much looks like my labtop is broken... ugh hml :(
Lies they taught me in public school: The Earth is an oblate spheroid. In fact, the Earth is a triaxial ellipsoid.
Then I fell asleep and the city kept blinkin', what was I thinking when I let you back in.
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life.
So are we. Just noticed your comments and agree. Spent a lot of time in downtown Nashville a few years ago. Have fond memories.
School can fuck off, want it to be the weekend!!!
Jay-Z allegedly developed his stage name as a reference to New York's J/Z subway lines- InSpotter app
"Love is and always will be the answer." - Ressurrection
it is the practice test for the California BAR Exam. It is insane, I won't even pay $.99 for an app.
HAHAHA pizza box minecraft houses in the hotel room LETS GO
Evening news is where they begin with 'Good evening', and then proceed to tell you why it isn't.
Lmao! Will Smith slapped the shyt out of dude who tried to kiss him in the mouth! I woulda whooped dude ass in front of all the cameras lol
yea, idk either. but it will sure be a great next season!
new rule my LA Galaxy Jerseys will only be worn in LA.
Thanks for the RT!
Christmas skiing there's no one on the mountain!#onlyjewsinidaho (y)
Russ GR8 game! The D**, the Assist, cut down on TOs**..Points obv. but U made clutch plays down the stretch. #OKCkeepItMovin!
True, or you can just rename them :)
They don't look like their locked in their houses? Or are you saying I'm suppose to see that as my life? Cuz that won't happen
At with and drinking the Barleys Scottish Ale. Where are you?
trying to work in hell?
Good Morning Tweeps! Rise & Grind. Happy Thursday.
Good afternoon from the #NURFC #Cincinnati! How will you #FantheFlame today?
I cannot wait for Lucy Hale to punk Ian Harding, PLL love <U+2665>
next season he plays for free
Cuz we tweet.
Happy Birthday ;)
And I say Believe Me Cause you are the one 88' #CeciliaKrull :3
happy Friday #ff great people to follow
Its a really good album have you heard his new stuff :)
#erl12 Strawn, an increase of 7% over 5 years is almost 40% which no library can afford as budgets do not increase anywhere near that
Yeah bookstore, I'm sure you would love to buy my book back for $1, then turn around and sell it for $150
Too bad RT No liberals were harmed during the photo shoot. RT With the troublemaker,
Big thanks to Ron Rodman for an excellent talk today—video will be up on the site soon!
All shampoos do not remove these plastic build ups on the scalp. The hair follicle becomes clogged.
Ops that was a bad note... First one of the year
Even in the face of failure and chaos, show resolve, sharpen your shield and pick, and may your will be outstanding.
Only two weeks until my beloved take the field for #OpeningDay! Bring on the haters. In return we'll give you greatness.
you have way too much time on your hands
So did #Chorizo get deported or something? I don't get this new #brewers campaign.
Fun! Which attachments did u get?
Whats he watching?...msnbc?
Agreed RT : Cullen Jenkins absolutely would have helped this year, but I don't disagree with the move at all.
am fine by God's grace
haha go for it
Just rec'd worst service of my life from, not Comcast, but ! Really disappointing.
FireSign customers, tonight's system maintenance has been rescheduled for next Wednesday. An email update will be sent shortly.
Answer to July 5th's Interesting Health Fact of the Week: The adult human brain weighs how many pounds approx? 3 Pounds!
Yeah, I know what you mean. I know some of the storylines are too too far. I wished Shelter would have got picked up.
doing good, thanks! You? “: :-) How are you doing today?”
#Herzliyaconf Yaalon will this regime survive? In 2003 it did stop.
Just finished #mobdaughter Loved it! Thanks for sharing your story. Everyone needs to pick up a copy!
Come to our FREE pickup kickball game tonight at Colonel Summers Park Starting at 6:30pm. www.kickball.com/orbridgetown for details
Thanks for the #FF!
Seriously I do not think that's even possible....but now I need to cleanse my brain, I really can't think about it, yikes
That fact is, you're trying. That's what really matters! ;)
Why did i just hold the door for 3 boys and a girl...
aye whats up
Rasika and Hunger Games... Can't think of a single other way I would rather spend my evening
Why so much concern over my mental health. I'm as crazy as I always have been.
I'm 34 and just had my first 5 hour energy shot too! I'm almost ashamed to admit I loved it.
I just finished a 1.85 mi run with a time of 15:35 with Nike+ GPS.
At Arthur C. Clarke Awards Excited to hear about ACCCHI Next up: Vint Cerf, recipient of Lifetime Achievement Award!
I'm sweating
One of those nights where I find myself thinking, "Hey, wait a minute. This is Chicago, not small town northern Canada." # fb
Those coyotes smell cookin'!!! : Pack of coyotes outside decides to begin yipe & howl throwdown :15 this AM?
I believe in karma.
: Can you tell me what time it starts?
lol oh whatever
It's Thursday that means tonight you can check out
God can only judge us!!!
Someone talk to me !
While space is quickly becoming limited in Chicago & San Francisco - July is still showing lots of opportunity for your media plans.
Participate in #BAD 11
Yes it is
for the retreat!
you are AWESOME! Thanks for featuring
You're Welcome <U+2665><U+2665>
ha.. tru dat.. i like where your heads at! ;)
The best thing in life is finding someone who knows all your mistakes and weaknesses and still thinks you're completely amazing.
Agreed! RT How can you not test video in your final presentation AND not even have a good backup solution??
I see the flower is wilting just like I knew he would. Noah = Garbage. Boozer = Loser. Let's Go Knicks.
any chance they emailed you 2 tix?
yes u can u have me :)
So writing a post on my phone yesterday autocorrect went into overdrive, turned "Motherguilt" into "Motherfucker" and "baby" into "E-bay"!
#ThatsMyBxtch RT : damn, hit elease &amp; walked off stage
Tweeting like a #boss in class, haha if I get in trouble I'm blaming you jujuj ;P xoxoxoox
wtf stop you and are so cute omfg
im good. Thought I did. Wya
Four days, fifteen hours, and 47 minutes til our first reading! Join us at Txikito Sunday, Feb 13 at 6pm - 240 Ninth Ave, NYC
Don't you dare say I'm not going to do anything with my life. I guarantee I'm going to do more than you. I just don't know where to start
I completely forgot to bring the book with me on Monday, I don't know what I was thinking lol
Happy monday indeed. School Book Fair in Boca Raton chose Too Many Visitors for their wish list it will be read to the kids!
Lol. Thx for the support. RT That sounds awful.
Let's play ! challenge! Check out our page to nominate your #NM business! Voting will come soon!
Stearns Lending Names Brian Hale as Chief Executive Officer - MarketWatch (press release)
what's up
been sitting on this graphic novel script & art...as well as a short film rough outline & art for a few years; might be time to execute one
just said he would slap the beard off my face. #ummsir That is physically impossible.
Isn't that the way though? People don't know how to do their own jobs, but EVERYONE knows how to do other people's jobs better.
You know who's beautiful you are!
Things To Do In Hartmut's Face When You're Dead
I Love The Night
No more chances or fux are going to be given. New life motto, it's gonna be lived how I want. This applies to everything.
I really wish it would snow
Birkman User's Conference starts this afternoon. Should be a great event! -
haha there's no point of studying!
This one thing that got me trippin..... ya did!
I understand
clear the phone of all text, cookies, cache and update profile and prl
And a mighty fine pick it was, Lord knows we don't need anymore, Laywers, Accountants or Managers in the music business.
#nytm There is ao much power in citizen journalism when executed well!
Lawson found his lane to the basket blocked and so he passed to Harrington, who found World Peace in his face and had to step back...
A8: The 5 traits all influential people have is #1 Solid reputation.
When I want him to be awake at 5AM, like he usually is, he's no where to be found!
Honestly--Matt Spencer
I try to get students engaged and to take ownership in their own learning
sounds like JJ hasn't got any better you think the braves need to trade him
Chilly to Humidity -
you bet
Atlanta: no where I'd rather be headed!
it's time for some
Thanks for joining us the other day w/ Director Dad!
I've had the most luck with leafy greens, but am hoping to have some good tomatoes this year.
They are elected to lead not read.
it is a very annoying class.
Write. Insanity. Hair. Study. Edit. Apply. Search.
I love how twitter magically unfollows everyone for me.
Yes i do. I am down there quite often.
I hope Scott Brown wins. It will mean a bloodbath for the dems in the next election!
You have any Tuts on adding a calendar to your own desktop wallpaper creations? searching ur site & came up empty
I used to live movies. Now I over think them. Fact.
Come in and try our fresh lemon soda today with your lunch!
Sounds painful!
Possible changes to forest service access stirs up controversy - KVOA Tucson News Possible changes to forest service access stirs up cont
No! You must not like it!x
I smoke good it goes good with them flows boi
appreciate the shout out!
That's not a good sign. Pick it up boys! RT I would be tweeting more but all my time is being spent looking for balls right now.
Apparently there can be such a thing as a pink cow... Strawberry milk... :O
Khodorkovsky opens next Wednesday (11/30) at Film Forum and tickets are currently on sale. PPR and DSL will be available same day!
Mine at least are prescribed, but it was still probably a bad idea to take one in the pre-caffeine morning. But at least I'm calm!
Was told by that she heard the Hunger Games series had a sad ending. Just finished and am trying to decide if I agree.
Omg omg omg Cruel Intentions is on netflix? *turns on movie* SEBASTIAN BBY, UNF
hell yea im never goin stop, even if my wife say she done im slappin the shit out my wrinkled monkey lmao
Mad Men drinking tonight...sip for sip with the show's characters. Any guesses how many episodes we'll make it through?
“: lets do it ! Scratch battle tonight ”where at?
what up bro!
New fish may or may not eat old fish. Place fish of similar size in same tank. And know a cichlid when you see one!
nope. I wish.
ZAK! Downtown show at u of Mich tonight!
Thanks for the support :DD
Good for the Nobel Foundation, doing the right thing by Ralph Steinman.
Dear Jesus just let me win something somehow so I can move to Cali
“: God damnit I love Flan! If you've never had Flan before, you..." where is that flan from?
Molly a girl everyone loves <3
got you.
you've just got 2 coconut halves and your banging them together. You can be Drew king of the Drew Crew! Lol
For an opportunity to feel empowered #Follow-->> for daily tips.
Where Have You Been>>>>
Thank goodness we're pesky! Three straight is going to tough, but definetely possible.
I love Bath. Great town.
Of course I'm sickest on the day of my biggest final. Here's to hoping I make it through...
Wow! It must be cold!
OSU gets the stop! Should be an interesting end to the game. Why should the end be any different from the rest?
Food Fact of the Day:Apr 10,1766 Sir John Leslie was born. He first to freeze water artificially, allowing for greater refrigeration.
I just met on the campaign trail. In all my travels, I have yet to meet
Fucking band-aid my ASS.
I live for the summer nights....
Ran a red light at 7am this morning &can't stop feeling guilty over it. That sentence can tell you everything about the type of person I am.
At the diner. Why am I hanging out here w these old people
Can see Giants beating the Packers for some weird reason
this whole show smacks of a creepy fertility thing.
That's the way to do it!
Yes! Game 3.
How is it that a beer business like Gray's Tiedhouse & General Beverage & Frank Distribution in Wi are all only hiring @ $10-11/hr?
I think I found my bday outfit thanks to ASOS
Hmm, ok. I'll check that out.
Mark, praying for you. If you can beat cancer, you definitely can beat this! I know you will have a successful career BC GUY!
You know you're tired when you can't even walk straight and you end up running into walls <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+00B3> Yeah. I think it's time for bed. #goodnight <f0><U+009F><U+0092><U+00A4>
I'm wearing my seersucker today!!!
Hey Tim! We just sent you over some information about our new Chicago-based app, ! Would love to send you some more info!
More! More! Thank you for following!
Now he "lays pipe" for fun AND for a living. How fitting
I have been up since 8:30 and I'm exhausted. Omg I need a hot shower, a back rub and a snuggly blanket.
happy birthday to my baby girl
I haven't heard thunder in so long.
I dare you to start an argument with each other over being team Edward or team or team Jacob. Ok....GO!
Oh dear, what happened?
Why, thank you.
thanks, any feedback from those going through it... Or not is welcome.
Happy anniversary to ! The most bestest wife ever!
Ok y'all...Mardi Gras is over and it's now time to buckle down and file your tax return for 2011~ come see me at 804 Webster Street!
Franchise #Tax Board: reporters: our Last Minute Tax Tip news release should be in your inbox.
im outta college and still crushin on hahah
Cody is more than just my favorite singer. He's my world <3
Urban Dictionary? One of your two terms came up, and no, it wasn't what I thought it was. :)
you gonna let him say that your sister is "on it"? let's make shark week mean something.
and she's coming to Philly so I can see the show
aye mate! I'm in BK Heights, just chillin w my sis and niece before headin to DC, sadly minimal hangs. U likin NYC?
done and done
Tim to run!
Comedy is when you fall into an open sewer and die
Hey, 2 days later I finally replied to your tweet. And missed the epic video.
Good morning everyone! We hope everybody has a great last day of November. Let's be thankful for what we have today & everyday #Pink&Purple
Things seen tonight: 1. The Avengers 2. Ryan Gosling
Well, cookies are meant to be eaten. Duh. Especially Christmas cookies. They are way better than normal cookies.
Katy Perry Boyfriend? Mystery Man at Coachella 2012 - National Ledger
Perhaps some Game 7's in our future???
...to get the most from your talent. " - Nolan Ryan
good vibes only bro
Got a beta invite to and it's pretty cool. Integrates with and Google calendar. Might actually work for me!
please tell that I love her and happy mother's day! #IloveTheGrandes &hearts; :* also happy mother's day to nonna!
Yes I do agree it was wild. But a win is a win.
Day off in Memphis today. Gonna get some BBQ!
-I miss my bestfriends. :"<
cool bottle opener from using magnets, a nail and a piece of wood. I can go camping with this.
oh! I don't think I mentioned: I'm coming to the bay soon!! :D
Praying it inspires your faith to new levels. ^staff RT : Starting in our life group this week. Very excited.
Time is such a scumbag.
oh gawd terry
when do u need the lyrics video thing? (:
You can stop staring at me now
Best Sylvester Stalone song!? Sing me the fuck up!
We've upgraded the servers for BatteryPower.co and its much quicker! Just in time too, the number of visitors were starting to overload us!
Of you say oooohhh you just got treated or laugh when someone get knocked out your a instergator
School then back to bed(;
You know you just don't wanna get out of bed when your heater broke at your house.
<f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D><f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+008D>mines is to become a vampire/jedi
Change is the only constant.
well, in that quote i'm making reference to 'context collapse'
ahaha I'll tell you in Computer apps . Go to breakfast tomorrow !
17 Ranked teams lose this week (7 of Top 10)...Not the worst week for our #Aztecs to lose. My new rank guess: #SDSU - 6, byu - 8. Yours???
tweeting about his boy I love the musicians I work with. You hear that ?
I've got a possible alternative.
well, i can't wait to hear Ted Leo doing Deathcrush. i just hope i don't have to wait until next record store day.
yes better for everybody! also, no questionable jello shots
how did your OU-OSU prediction work out? Keep running your mouth on Twitter.
Traffic on the parkway was a disaster this morning
There was a spider on my leg when I got on the bus. My reaction was so embarassing :(
Thanks for the s/o and the follow
i think they will once they find bats, kindo sticks, thumb tacks, barbwire, and blood everywhere lol
scratch snort scratch scratch.
You can show up here and find out :) ^jl
Whoa. RT : How many Calories would a Moon made of cheese be, you ask? A made-of-manchego Moon = 285 septillion Calories.
kenny & my mama always arguing !
NO FUCKING O LINE!
no because you laughed and almost ruined EVERYTHING! :--)
Wahoo for orders that were placed this weekend! Looking forward to seeing the shirts on the streets!!
Floyd...awesome
tosh.0 doesn't start again till next week. who's got a funny youtube clip to hold me over???
My B in AP Euro is such a lost cause. There goes my chance of having all A's. And my GPA...
Whatup playa!!! Make sure you check out your label mates mixtape It's On!!! Holla at me homie don't think your following me
No luck on the bracelet but I do have the jacket. Text me when you wanna pick it up.
Most definitely.
Q6: Do you plan or want to start your own site or work on a startup versus working in an established newsroom?
sorry. I'll stop with the fake accounts.
10x alum is hiring... “: London & San Francisco. We're hiring.”
Thanks #devlink for a great day! Looking forward to tomorrow!
Ew you're ghetto.
Up way earlier than I should be because I HAVE to finish cutting Jody's new short today.
Bye bye
Thanks to all my new Twitter followers whom I met at Saturday's networking picnic. Don't ever stop networking & building new relationships!
A pretty face is nothing if you have an ugly heart.
I think there's audio at least...I'm seeing tweets from folk I know are home. Not sure what the link is though.
who insultes chloe such a shame of that person chloe is like heaven how could someone insult her thats wrong
Cali next month.. Word!!
Most ugiliest dirtiest hamster I ever meet
They say being idealistic is unrealistic. Fvck that.
brunch tomorrow, noon, Benelux?
Lol, cause my friends yelled at me about Gaga today :p
ATTN: my apologz re: the little espaNol spam baby th'has been hitt'n frnz 10/a day. In talks w'how to have spam baby removd entirely. Tnx.
Cubs, have a player named ? Campana sounds like someone hahah
and then I send like 20 tweets a minutes and lose a follower... lol awkward
I wonder what the cranky woman behind me thinks of the dick that drew on my car...
We've got a team of folks at #LearningLabs this week. Our advisory bd member Pedro Noguera keynotes tonight.
Haha, awesome. Thanks man. Sending now...
i dont even know why people bother making fake celeb facebook accounts
“DEAD: JR please do that about 6374923 more times”
GSA General Council meeting in forty minutes. Come check out what GSA does and voice your opinion...plus free food! GSA Lounge at 6:00
love you AND st pete! tks for the RT
i did so much last night for and the sad thing is, he doesn't even notice me ): but i guess he just doesnt see me
Still light out, not bad
Congrats on the gig! Can't wait to hear deets.
#ReasonsWeDontTalkAnymore, because you changed, and became someone different.
I'm basing my support on antecedent exposure to patterns of behavior like this i.e., an inference to the best explanation
Nathan Miller exits head pastry chef post at The Kitchen to launch a line of ...
Extra breaks and a longer lunch are nice!
lol of course! ;)
Stylish necklace!
Spring is around the corner! Come on in and take a gander at our new bikes! Use your card for a sweet 15% discount on apparel!
Do all the interns get a nerf gun, or do they have to share one?
Henry has looked really strong and Kreider has been the X factor
OK, I've been sitting here for 12 hours. Time to step away from the computer (and read a tech book on my iPad instead). :-)
1D isn't annoying. the girls at my school are.
Next show this Saturday, May 12th at 8 PM in Hollywood.
and don't be judging me in your heart right now, RIGHT NOW. like you are RIGHT NOW after reading my 2 previous tweets
Ha yeah, the bear is my unofficial spirit animal.
i hate exams and revision SO much. actually cannot wait till they are over! random again but do you ever watch the shaytards?x
GSHL 2A golf: Mark Morris 220, R.A. Long 293. MM’s Megan Schulz medal round of 46.
cuz you have 90+% for the guys and I have 28% :P
I have 2 finals today and I havent studied for them yet...
“: #RedSox have lost 8 of their 9 at home, 8 of 12 this season and 18 of 26 going back to last season. Yikes.”
": I hate when I see a ugly person" I know you hate to look mirror
- Well unless that hi-fi studio also has neato lo-fi toys...
B1 Bicycles 6 tips for cyclist in rain and snow: 3. Lower your psi in your tires 4. Watch the news for weather conditions
"Playing goal-oriented game involves recognizing one sort of pattern; playing make-believe is recognizing another sort."
Is it considered idling if your moving your car back and fourth in your parking spot?
All this drama in #MLS: controversy, winning streaks, losing streaks, upsets, and we are less than 1/3 through the season. Fantastic!
That's what she said... RT I figure I might as well go where the action is.
check out for great jewelry info!
Freakin dork.. but not a bad idea.. i think i might do it!! :-)
I try to make it through my life.. in my way there's you
Ok, fifth of the DW books finished. No real alternatives, the show is much better. But quite nice. Problem: No book left now anymore.
Went to my first beef and beer. Apparently this is a thing people do.
Great to see everyone last night!
Google Places team announced that they will be hosting a Hangout tomorrow at 11 PST #cardealer #automarketing Please share.
Classical Trio Emma Noe¨l Votapek, Mark Votapek, Tannis Gibson, in concert 3:00PM today at Grace St. Paul’s Episcopal Church in Tucson!!
“Creativity comes from trust. Trust your instincts. And never hope more than you work.” -Rita Mae Brown
I just type whatever I'm thinking. If everyone did this, I would follow no one. Except like.. Joelle and stuff because she's Joelle.
I think you're saved from that trope because you have a family; surely crazy cat ladies must also be spinsters?
The first fellow that picked an herb to cure himself had a bit of pluck. -James Joyce
Today determines if I get to see my kid for more than 9 hours a week. Wish me luck.
Thxs 4 the follow. How's the weather in London? Have a great day and a better tomorrow.
Time to run the offense thru Buford. The man is on fire, craft is playing sloppy.
And it's JUST as bullshit wherever it is. Just because lots of states do it does NOT make it right.
And let me just say the tittle "Big Rich Texas" does NOT justly describe the essence that is...this show
Thanks so much, Mary! So glad to hear : )
just completed 15 minutes of meditation with
YOU WANNA KICK IT WITH ME CUZ I CAN MAKE U POPULAR!! BITCH BEAT YOUR FEET!!
Sorry for the belated reply....it was Oscar Foxtrot Sierra...as usual.
YOU YOU HAD A WONDERFUL BOY ... HE'S INCREDIBLE...I'd do anything to be with him just a moment. -with love. C:
Hey Sarah, I just sent you some heat
I think I popped a blood vessel from all the tight clinching and shaking I did lmao
I'm wondering, about your tweak sparrow+, is it possible to have mail from intelliscreenx open in sparrow?
SORRY I HAVEN'T BEEN ON TWITTER GUYS! I'VE BEEN SO BUSY HELPING MY BROTHERS FIANCÉ PLAN THERE WEDDING !! so sorry /:
marta is smarta i hate how they are changing bus routes and service on bus and train,
check me out on facebook
"looks like its gonna be a lean Xmas at the dragon house this year... Lean, lean, lean."
At least the Blue Jackets are putting together a good season
On this old school shit.
we some lazy fools brodie ... Its just one of those days man but txt me when you get up so we can link up
i appreciate the insight. thanks joseph.
Heading to happy hour in DuPont. Can't wait to see my !!
“: Heading to with for four days of sun, sand, and outdoor brick-oven pizza” back and tanner..
Yeap I think it was DJ Drama
continued its high rating with the first quarter of 2012 scoring as its most-watched in the network's 17-year history.
Some of the comments on the FB page regarding POTUS's comments about gay marriage yesterday are unreal.
I have been dabbling in interdimensional psychics lately. what an interesting subject
Chris, thanks for RT!! He is a good kid. I hope we see each other again here.
I'm in love w/ Los Angeles
Goodbye yesterday. I can't take you with me.
ILYY ROSS! Please follow me!!<3
Is coming to NYC April 28-May3rd any suggestions for restaurants or bridal boutiques??
Why Portland over NYC?
Leaving Stonewood. I swear i could shop in Bath & Body Works And Hot Topic For Forever.^.^
Top notch hoes get the most, not the lesser
it was almost 30..
Happy birthday!
I might have to convince Mr. Bethanne to take me to Silver Diner tonight...
Trust me I can't deal either lolsmh. <f0><U+009F><U+0091><U+0091> probz! We got this though, think of the s'mores!! <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008D> & drunk charades lol
Try our new dish tonight - Roasted Fennel bulb, house marinated olives & smoked mozzarella. Then visit for a cocktail.
wake up wake up wake up wake up wake up
Knowing him, I wouldn't be surprised
lol not gonna lie, I haven't watched yet. I'm neglecting baseball this year so far
just thought I'd let you know
I wish you would have tweeted this half an hour ago before i bought mine...
it's amazing haha get it
So glad to have a nice car.. Again lol
Time for my favorite game... That's what she said tweets. Let me see what you got & don't take too long. THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID HUR HUR
Here's a question with one game in the bag this MLS Saturday: Would you rather be Toronto FC or the Montreal Impact right now?
How things Chang with out your knowledge
New Music coming soon... My new mixtape "Gimme Da World" hits datpiff around Marchh! Srry for the wait fans!!!
shout out to tj
11 toddlers total today-im exhausted!!!!!
Girl: I'm thinkinq of a superhero. Guess what it is. Boy: Superman? Batman? Girl: You :)
I think it depends on the number of your followers and their verbosity. Twitter seems like a great medium for convos precisely bc..
friends house and we just hung out that was it! So how about you sexy what did U do 2day? How did it go with the UR curly stuff?
RT : Q3: ARE U MORE CAREFUL W/ UR KID’S NUTRITION & LIFESTYLE THAN UR OWN? IF SO, WHY? IF NOT, WHAT IS UR SECRET?
This bipolar weather got me sick. <U+E408><U+E40C><U+E107><U+E059>
thank you verena
They would advertise Taco Bell during Primo's and Epico's entrance.
Leeds 'Black Heathcliff' actor 'has psychotic disorder' - Yorkshire Post
I am so proud of !
Should I go for three consecutive days on snowshoes?
You're cute, I love you too, I will have fun, and I'll probably call you Saturday. ((I couldn't talk cause my dad lolz)))
My cat is so scared of storms...lol
wow. meetup packed Cospace tonight. If you're here, be sure to grab a card on the way out to try a day of coworking free
This is my last day of being 32...
"In order to get you need to invest."
Thanks to hubs for picking awesome hamburger buns! Thx for the tweet too Jennifer-C U soon!
brother! hope yer not too scarred by those european ways... :)
Did you know you can apply for the fee assistance program to help with MCAT sign up and application costs.Check it out on the AAMC website.
The Wire is SO FREAKING GOOD
Getting a ride to another venue via a instead of the shuttle. Personal ride :)
Thanks for the follow!
i can relate
for more info on QLCs u should check out the blog section @ stratejoy.com & good job tackling your own crisis!
Well I think…
Guard what is sacred.
What a great ride yesterday was and today is the better day!
we are looking for UI Programmers to work on an exciting project based in the south of the UK - contact .uk
Give us this day a timely departure, and deliver us from Union.
Zero motivation to finish my work for today. Probs bc I took karaoke Thursday to a whole new level. Not mad about it <f0><U+009F><U+0098><U+008A>
Toy Selectah in the house tonight! TOY SELECTAH (MAD DECENT) MONTERREY MX
great map on the #USPS offices closing 5/15. Any way I can link it to my blog? DM me!
RT : There are some days I hate it & don't want to practice. But more often than not, I wake up & thank god I play soccer.
But depending on The Maine's signing I might not stay. Just saying!
your money (theoretically) went to the studio, you probably should care a bit.
"Faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen...
Snicker. They need ones called BaseBall Glove and Gun Oil, too.
He can make me love something just by showing me the energy with which he loves it
You can't chase 3 rabbits & expect to catch one, right? You got ALL them jobs in your bio, you expect me to think you're great at ALL of em?
"The ones that make it complicated never get congratulated." - Kid Cudi | Man on the Moon
As much as I want to embrace these last few days that I have in high school, they are honestly pointless
Alpha dog is a really sad movie . Did it really happend like that in real life ? The kid had a bunch of chances to get away .
The Capitol Steps will be making a stop in Akron Ohio @ The University of Akron 10/16/11 Stage Door EJ Thomas Hall. 5pm & 7:30pm.
puttin on this shirt I havent had on in a while. smh
Good morning, y'all! Sho' ya right.
#happinessis siri saying lumia 900 4g is the best smartphone on the market... Love it! I don't have one but I do own Nokia stock :)
Someone Help Me... Is There Any Way I Can Get A Picture Off My Non-Smartphone Onto My Computer?
:O when were you here??!?? I don't have the money! :(
lol yea sucks but it does come back
At leas once or twice a day my Internet stops working. It makes me want to jump out of a tall building.
Man were the candidates ready to hear.Now I know why this team's been attacked from all sides like I've never seen! God's doing mighty work!
It's a good episode tonight. I'm in love with Jamie Lee's character.
Couldn't agree more MT Such a smart move. Obama's base was listless & kind of disappointed but now they're going to be more energized.
#FF Happy Friday and thanks for following!
Hope you had a good mother's day! Happy Monday to you too!
i'ma fight my mom before i graduate .. #NoLie i'ma ask her for my 15
Thanking God for giving me life today
Get used to people hating, and wishing death to you, its all apart of the game you choose to play.
Had 4 nice dudes from the Reading Royals visit me at work this week. Nice guys and were pumped for last night's game. Playoff push!!
we need to!
had fun wit tahjae and them,she fight like a nigga lol
Sorry , seeing your face on my TV makes me N-O-T want to EVER visit your state...its all about marketing!
ugh!hate waking up early!!!!! only 10:08
I don't know where I stand with you. And I don't know what I mean to you. All I know is every time I think of you, I want to be with you.
Kodak says it must raise $500 million in new debt or sell off patents worth billions of dollars to survive -
my messages stopped getting pushed to my phone and tablet for whatever reason. All my iPhone & iPad settings are correct for push
Hi Myles, You around?
so... What are they? Lol!
sleeping until a half hour before I have to leave for work. love life, live rich.
Fucking HAIL wtffff. Scariest weather to drive in by far -____-
“: That frustrating moment when you don't finish your text before the light turns green...”
Best of luck with your new career!
Yup. That's me.
There aren't enough lanes on the kennedy to get around the slow people
We rested Rogers and discovered that we have another quarterback!
...just watched Kissing Jessica Stein, yes, for the first time. I am now ready to write. On a diff note, you are so RobertDowneyJr
Still doing basic HTML/CSS & wordpress install on our server. So they can customize for final proj. We'll see.
Just ate Chinese food for lunch! Ribs and Rice!
It's absolutely pouring outside, I hope #PETA gave all the animals raincoats.
enjoy my island brother
Hilarious. credits my shopping cart with 4 Hero2 cameras. "continue shopping?" #Nasasocial #drydensocial Blink blink
Drink if you see sequins!
Yeah I been back for a minute now
Thanks for the follow -- love connecting with other film makers :)
Hello World!!
we have new cars too. For some reason they're not using them!
Kobe is on a mission today
boy you better be reaallll quiet today. get that voice better <3
I'm bob weinerburger. :D
Be the salesman of your values.
the med salad from is beyond delicious. dieting is now easy. too easy.
Here you go, guys: Mix Crunch Berries with Peanut Butter Crunch in a bowl. Add milk (or soy milk). Enjoy.
Did anyone else notice the gentleman filming bikers running stop signs on 11th & Fairmont? 2 days of footage. I smell trouble.
oh fuckin de
It's Friday and I can't shake my cold. Guess I >have< to order in pizza and watch Archer..
Not all submissions are submissive.
Team learning session on our PerfectMind CRM. What a great time of learning. :-)
"I swear I'm not judging you" <3 hahaha!
Back on twitter.
So sick of all the presidential politics: the whole process takes too long and costs too much money!
haha If I did that id get beat up
keep us posted
Martin: #NCLB only allowed us to measure progress against college and career readiness not diff lenses on progress
WOW i thought there are going to be only 2 seasons but then we have to cover all the 12 part! x)
So I thought bout it&realized no harm comes frm sharing.
RT : i tell people im tired but in reality im just sad
Every second is a highlight :)
OMG Guess What Song Petey Just Put On !??
I JUST GOT MY NEW AWESOME LAP TOP!!!!!! YAY!!!!!
FYI -- #SanFrancisco testing Public Warning Sirens today at 10:15am…not an actual emergency - #news RT
Just found out I booked the lead in another film:)!!! Whew whoo
u cant get that its not on the dollar menu lol
I'm not keyed into current drama but I'll wager jake and teej?
Good morning! RT : G'morning y'all <3 Just woke up!~ ^_~
#GWAwards takes place tonight at the EMP. Share some of the #geek, #tech, and #entrepreneur #fashion photos with us!
got it! Thought we were talking consec olympic cov. former NBC Sports employee & family member of 2 current employees :)
ooh both good ideas
Have fun while I don't do anything xD
haha! Luke Fitzgerald on BBC looks like you in a weird way. Like, if I was on shrooms i'd be convinced it was you.
RT : The Thunder will make a major announcement today, presumably awarding James Harden Sixth Man of the Year,
nothing wrong with the track.. It still a great race to watch!
Cleveland selects WHO??? That's crazy!!
They're all my least favorite Golden Eagle.
I give up.
no gas money :( can we ride with you? lol
A Bubbly Pear Cocktail would definitely hit the spot this afternoon! RT for this week's password for a free signature cocktail today 5:30-7!
Let's go Melo
I bought my Dad some Italian leather book covers for his scriptures. Shhhh, don't say anything. It's a surprise
Bothered by people not liking you..people that weren't even with you shooting in the gym..:/
Nope. I do too. But I'm gay so I would rather get a reciprocating saw than a diamond necklace...lol
second day - 6/8 hrs went in meetings! Needless to say other two were for Lunch :-))
Call 212-Website and get our extended Black Friday special. Get 50% OFF our service, just by using our OFFER CODE: 012386
You coming hannah?
sounds about right
#earthquake #bayarea #twitter Okay, just seconds after a light earthquake, over 10 people I follow started getting really witty about it.Wow
I was almost asleep and then I heard something from the kitchen .. I told my dad this place is haunted .. But , who didnt believe me ? -__-
The audience is positive about not having heard the music, it provided an in to the performers. Interresting discussion.
shark tank!
" #ThingsMyExSaid " is my favorite thing trending right now .. oh the things we could write ALL night long <3333
cheering from sidelines at the moment. Working on plucking up the courage, I'm somewhat embarrassed to say.
Everyone says the same things and still gets followed...smh wat am I supposed to do??
I rarely text anyone anymore.. I just text someone to tell them I wanna chill or if I'm texting my boy.
If you ask me how I'm doing I'd say I'm doing just fine...
We better be bypassing some major Turnpike traffic because I am NOT trying to die on the side of some backroad in New Jersey
Ah yes, I see you're pointless.
haha. don't go that route, you'll miss the game...
hahaha, I just say the first thing out of my butt... it usually sounds like this. "thhhpt!"
Also just tilled some espresso grounds into my garden. Last time it worked like a charm.
Walking around the mall I worked at in High School. Brings back #memories - Longest job I ever had (just under a year)
EKU gets another commitment from Brandon Stanley, running back from Suwanee, Georgia, Peachtree Ridge High
James has been upsetting me these days... No "likes" no love cc
At least you are there to answer questions and talk to.
It's so awesome to be in Germany Again!!! Stay tuned for a secret Fc Dj set while I'm here
25% OFF Private Semi-Annual Sale Use code SPRING25 Ends 4/12
Bout time...
thanks sweetheart!
Tie Ballgame.... Lets go to the bullpen. Loe in the Game.#Brewers 4 #SFGiants 4
Toddlers & Tiaras marathon al day and night. Yes.
you know ..i forgot you're a fat ass you'll prolly eat the whole box lol ...carry on...
You never seize to amaze me...
But i'll text you..
Ultimately, no matter which avenue you take with social, two-way dialogue and engagement are most important
A man’s worth is no greater than the worth of his ambitions. – Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
Watching Disney movies...bored...
The comment "You look like you're having a long day" is one that should always be kept inside the head, not shared aloud.
Raw, white balance is a breeze and when post processing, you can do so much more with Raw with no fear of loosing pixels
Tweet me one word to describe Austin and I'll RT it(:
So am I! Just 6 more days! And I lurve you too!
call me back!
Bull i always talk to you!
Check out our new profile pic...A Custom QR Code! Thanks for doing such nice work!
loving ya on icarly :) :D
Great visiting with adam sandler ....at opening day of little league in pacific palisades
where are you?
Drinko de Mayo. Duh. People say Hallmark invents holidays. I say alcohol companies win that category.
EVERYONE! go like on facebook, now!! they're so close to 100,00 likes & they really deserve it! xx
Hi ! Thanks for spending time with me even though I'm clothing challenged! XO
Scrooge is in town of Julian but only til Sun.! Charles Dickens' A CHRISTMAS CAROL by Julian Stage Co~Town Hall~$10/$5~perfoms 1:30pm/7pm
thats what I love to hear!!!
Pre-hub and I are debating on who the bigger figure head is - Joe Paterno or Lou Holtz. My vote is Joe Paterno. Penn State doesn't need him.
Surprised? 95% of companies don't answer social media posts/questions.
It's on channel 666!
Jesus was betrayed by his disciple
From the folks who brought you 'It's The Real Deal ®' comes the next big sensation that's sweeping the nation: 'No it isn't™'
What Sinatra song is getting you through this beautiful Monday?
New picture is cute... I'm a fan
dont like me dont talk to me
- Thanks for the shout out!
corollary- people who live and breathe in music.
Glad you're doing so well! Enjoy your travels.
I tried to learn code today on codeacademy. wow, was I awful. round two tonight
RT : The red light cams went dark in Dec., but the legal wrangling is just getting started. See you on KRQE NEWS 13 at 10!
You can tell me that your sorry but I wont believe you, baby, like I did before...you're not sorry.
Good morning, World. Enjoy your day!
Hah, I think we have identified the target audience!
Ready to relax
I know! Hey I've never called myself old school!!
About this time last year, no? Or summerish. :-/
that would be great! :)
Happy Thanksgiving my boys I love you with all my heart!
That picture of amare's hand is
Thanks. I'm trying.
Westwood Studios Dune II was an inspiration growing up, esp the AI and gameplay. But more people know Nike of course...
Ay you that nigga for that Trae/Meek joint. I'm proud of you bro!
Athletics is the best! (:
we got a memo from daycare today about superheroes and violence.
yo clique ain't on the same paper we on
12 hours of sleep last night... from 10 to 10. Makes for a productive Saturday.
Way they were hittin, if he hated me he woulda swung away RT Na, I talked to Ham and said he hate u. Thats why he pulled a bunt
whoa whoa whoa no way Mr Wooten was pulling the Penn State hustle
Who needs enemies...?
where you will all form a supergroup that will unleash a metal storm
hey Nick thanks
“: hope by June 1st” Shit before then..
I tried to watch Khloe & Lamar, it's true. But, it only took 2 minutes before I had to bail & flip to Rattlesnake Republic.
Beef stew
I don't see him contributing to a contender, too big of an ego. But the Raiders don't have much to lose, could pair him with Palmer
What's next for you? I will always be grateful for your support & ideas by phone and by Yammer.
Friday Humor: "Just because nobody complains doesn't mean all parachutes are perfect." - Benny Hill
Heading to Corcoran's tongiht on Wells to watch the Bears (try) to play! $.88 sliders $6 Margs,$3 MillerLite Pints,$15 Buckets-Coors Light!
“: unforgivable.” who's cologne is that?
Leaving in a bit. Gonna get eaten by bear this weekend because im gonna steal her baby:)Text if you wanna. Picture Comments?
Great to see you tweeting!
RT : #RockiesTweet20 with Dexter Fowler starts in just over 2 hours. He'll be here to answer your questions at 3:15 MT!
A play to make -- a day to write. Bring it.
I can't wait to see/hear my friends&co workers complain when there is no #Wikipedia. They should've been paying attn to the news.
This #lakers effort, is not worth me sacrificing even more sleep. Good night. See you for game 7.
lol you really think imma keep chasing you? it got boring, sorry.
you are not alone. Dammit.
Rest In Peace, Martin Luther King Jr.
they are so ugly they make ugly people look pretty jk they are hawwt parents must be proud :)
don't worry, I've already warned about :)
This is twitter for God sakes! There is no spelling and grammer! That is a sure sign you have no argument.
Granted, if the celeste green paint gets crazy expensive, I might revert to flat white (pearl) with black lettering.
Tiger Woods is playing well once more. He must said "WTF! Bring on the girls!" And his mojo was back! Lesson: stick to what you do best. Lol
he's already dead bro
“: Our Council President is pretty awesome. #trueleadership #truereform #classact cc: ” So True!
": .. The sneakers that we wore in the show last night were from Season 6! Can anyone tell me what episode...' Justin Bieber ep
what's going on?
It is exciting! Where do you want to go? RT : Deciding a plan for your future is so exciting. I want to study abroad so bad.
WHO WATCHED WHO WILL BE THE FAMILY WIZARD?!?!?!?!?!
yea you need to make it dwn here soon
Hamlet has spent the last fifteen minutes eating dead bugs and spitting their chewed-up remains on his back.
on #Ellen !!! #Revenge is such a good show!!!!!!
Need a GPS? There is one on DealShow right now! www.dealshow.com
stop killing the drama Schefter! Unfollow!
Fawk. It's nothing but work work work.
Of course! I've got tickets through the playoffs! Will you be there?
Hot trend + kiddie appeal = Boffo B.O.! Cartoon dog (voice: Claire Danes) hunts the undead. SCRUFFY THE VAMPIRE SLAYER!
that's awesome!
Just bought #Champion #Womens #Jacket for 78% OFF at Amazing Deal! Get it before time runs out!
Just had my last presentation in college. 2 more exams and I'm money.
Ronnaldo scores!!!!! This may be an ass kicking.
That's #truth. Thanks for posting:)
"Hibiscus" screens tonight for FREE at the KiMo theater at 7:00pm. See you there!
Good mornin Tweeps....Things to do today: 1.Dig a hole 2. Name it love 3. Watch people fall in love.
The choices you make now shape your future
ughh RT : #browns phil Taylor tore his left pec, will undergo surgery next week, pat Shurmur announced.
Savage Journey To The American Dream
I've read pros and cons. I'm trying to decide whether it's good for authors.
thanks, girlie! Miss you too. i think a holiday meetup is def in order!
baseball.sunny skies ,thankful
Team VNM&LOCAL NOBODIES:
yes very disappointing, talking like heat's season is over
#GreysonMMag What color shirt are you wearing right now? :)
Writing about ur QLC calls 4 serious self-reflection & is a great idea! Theyre 4 girls blogging about theirs @ stratejoy.com
": LADIES NIGHT @ PARIS BAR TONIGHT! BE THERE!!!! :)" <--- where is that?
¡¡I LOVE YOU LADY GAGA FOREVER AND EVER!!
awe thank you :) and elaina I def did meet him before!!
Nope, she just knows how clinically insane I am. She gets me and the 5 other people living in my head. lol
Yes, please, stop the camera and let me watch the movement!
that's impressive!
Hope everyone had a wonderful Christmas. Wishing you a safe and happy New Year.
if you had a giraffe, what would you name it? :) <3
ACA allows young adults to stay on their parents insurance until 26. 1.3M minority young adults now have health insurance
Dream Board 2012 already working! You continue to influence my life for the better every day. THANK YOU! THANK YOU! THANK YOU!
No! I hope you find them!
good to see you at today's meetup!
imight be over her, but she fucked my views on life up
The weather conveys how graduating seniors feel right about now #indenial But let us still enjoy our last day of classes! :)
They change. Now it is Emotional British Forbidden-Love (Romeo&Juliet) & Dark Tearjerkers Featuring a Strong Female Lead
Weekend The Other Street for Music .:)_:/)(:/..Get Invited:/):)
Hear my Halloween-appropriate song "Voices in the Wi-Fi" on my profile player on Reverbnation. Let me know what you think and if you...
¤ Rather fail with honor than succeed by fraud. Sophocles
nice shot Blake
dude, that's like a book! I do like your points but I couldn't finish it.
is describing how to build sophisticated apps - scalable, fast, rich apps that are automated to respond to user demand and be low-cost
Everyone is trying to kill you. If you just weren't so WEIRD though you'd blend in better.
task for this afternoon: help jim figure out what to be for h'ween.
Thank you for all your support! Had a great meeting with and call with today.
That is just the true..!! really awesome movie...!! wee have the same likes :)) in movies and music
Thank you for "Never Quite Free." Such a balm. Your songs are my prayers.
I just died watching the new Dark Knight Rises preview.
Maureen Choi, violinist extraordinaire rocking tune "Sunny" from her recently Maureen Choi Quartet release is rockin'! Check this CD out.
Wisdom at Work covers "Mastering the Beliefs that Drive Your Financial Life" today! Noon-1:00pm in the Rines.
Just saw a alert.
*blank lol go back to sleep babe
Wow Cisse! Wow!
rainy day but yet again in the studio HARD WORK pays off ... choppin up some heat in the lab .. making beats all day y.a.k
Shoutout to Kimberly and Sasha(Can they sing Happy Birthday to her? PLEASE!) Will they come to Anchorage, Alaska? :D 1
My hair is curly.I explained this to London as she "styled" it. I now have a frizzy ponytail pulled so tight I look like a Chinese squirrel
Dr. Oz show today dealt with the many ways to reduce the stress in our lives. Check out his website for some great ideas.
Can't wait for #crj104 class tonight. I think it will be a blast..already finished most of the homework that we are doin in class! :)
hey I saw ur video I can't believe there doing tht to u it's ur opinion like really!!! (btw I loved ur shirt)
"I hate dressing up." -- Matt at high school graduation.
Who is Quinn??? I can't wait for next season...good lord.
Oh hey danks. You want my email? ;D
everytime I look for snickerdoodles I hope they're there. . .
follow back duck!!!!!
REMINGTON SET TO LAUNCH WEEKLY INTERNET RADIO PROGRAMS TO HELP AFFILIATE PARTNERS ‘PUT MONEY IN THEIR POCKET’
Can't wait to get Chinese food after school w/ my girl <3
it means i run this part of leonard. at least virtually, potentially spiritually.
Doin it Michael Minnna style for dinner at Bourbon Steak
B/St. John members: there will be rehearsal tonight in Griswold @ 6:30
much appreciated!!
Life is like the wack-a-mole game. If you don't mind things popping up, you can have more fun!
i think i love my wife
is that seinna
Understanding this thing called "life" starts with you. Define the true you and watch how your life takes a dramatic change in success.
Cool, thanks man. We were about in the same spot for FM, ha ha.
Sounds like a good plan for a short trip!
...The Who. John Lennon. The Beatles. The Rolling Stones. The Kinks. Nirvana. Interpol. Beach House. Prince. Michael Jackson...Davis Fetter
No, it's considered murder to me.
SO......but hold up how yu gon jump from txtin to twitter
Just saw #HungerGames. It was OK. Rather low-budget production. All in all, I think it was over-hyped. Wait for DVD.
what really annoys me, though, is they're shutting out a lot of good, qualified people by requiring that stuff.
To love is northing.. To be loved is something.. To love and be loved is everything
and i have a good feeling about you and what youre doing so when youre ready lets brainstorm absolutely
Had to use one of those Beer Rep "Hang Over" days off today. Got alot done around the house. Slept all day. Back at it tomorrow. TGIF
Also matters that photos were only latest in recent string of crude representations of Appalachia. Straw/camel, etc
Today's quote, "they had a leper skin hat, made from a real leper". Um....ewwww!
RIP Vidal Sassoon. Now there's a life well lived.
Lets Rock.
you are the Uhh shortest person ever
i'm all ears. dm me.
"You hang with turds, you'll finish third." I think Abe Lincoln originally said that.
I'm getting breakfast ha ha
The worst things happen to me -_-
reason #27 that I love my job -- the foaming soap in the kitchen smells nice
Yesterday was awesome. Today is awesome. Tomorrow will be awesome. I'm totally getting used to this.
Nice - Sounds like fun. Keep waiting for a summer like weekend here.
what time did you get in?
Thanks so much for sharing the deal with us!
the countdown is almost over! one more day until sept 16... yay!
